Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect - Mark Twain
more hats, more appeak, more famous should equal more dough
thanks bro
CFO asks CEO "What happens if we invest in developing our people & then they leave us?" CEO: 'What happens if we don't, and they stay?"
Some took their bitch pills...
What the heck is going on with the friggin red sox???
It's not my baby. It's not even Asian.
Being restless is a natural bi-product of using Windows Vista... yawn.
I just added you to a girly party list on a sat in April. There will be no worked discussed. Just purses! :)
.....by that enthusiastic an so inviting answer that i just received you wouldnt want to be friends huh.
Nice BG guys!!!
Just learned about a study in which sheep were given crystal meth then tasered
Cried alot today i miss my cousin <\3 R.I.P
why do celebrities always give their kids weird names?
I don't have time to waste my time with this
The only thing that's gonna get me through this week is the fact that it's a 4 day week
Hm... should have been using the Chrome version of TweetDeck all along. Love it!
I'm a novice to vinyl but just read that shop review- good stuff. Any tips on getting a good record player? I need.
poor sportsmanship! He needs a mentor and a real coach
I heard the #Marlins bus broke down last night, but they planned on WALKING home anyway
Getting ready to watch the season Premiere!
I believe it's political in nature so it makes sense. But agreed, Bmore is way cooler than DC.
. You do know WI Folks and engaged Liberals everywhere will now blame DNC if Barrett loses.
My man has been there since 95. I swear a dude got shot across the street at like 2am. The cops didn't come for almost an hour. SMH
That's @ 10, 2 & 4.. RT : Time to start getting the bunker filled with some scotch now.
I just may do this...
Yes but doubtful any ad supported networks would be quite as generous with content. Or have as sleek an interface.
I mean I even mentioned #bdayshots it's cool though...just forget al about me, huh?
Truth spoken. Would you prefer a Miller High Life? RT : Miller Chill hardly qualifies as beer.
thank you, beautiful! I hope you've had a great day! xo!
OK, I really need a drink...and there are still 2 and a half hours left in this work day!! ugh!
My route roughly parallels Lewis and Clark's. I follow the Missouri River for many many miles.
New reality show, Divorce Boat.
check your dm!
It's necessary 4 the bus driver 2 yell at us 4 not moving fast enough & stare me down 4 letting a woman ahead of me?
I'm following
Picking up my dress todaay
Thanks! We really love it too. : )
got u
Ah no.
You mean like Joel Schumacher's Batman??
love the monobrace!
please don't play matchmaker. That's my job ! <U+E417>
To watch Crossroads? Im so excited for that!
Theres a kid at my school that i swear is Christian Beadles twin!
Great day for medicating in the sun
Today find us at the Business Costco 222 MLK 89106 from 11 am - 2 pm!! It's a great day to be hungry!!
What do you remember most about him? RT man, the defined a large portion of my childhood.
RT seeking recs for best books about teaching in the college classroom (a la Peter Filene's _Joy of Teaching_)...??
I'm a Murphy Brown girl, I remember Dan Quayle's idiotic comments about the show...if she gets older, then so do I :-/
Digitizing archives: some schools don't even have server space for the archive! You may have to find an outside host.
The truth doesn't cost anything, but lies will cost you everything
Thinking about writing a song.
Nova Heart music video today.
i should mention that i am NOT the official ex libris twitter account--just having a great time demoing our products at #alamw12 come visit!
Thanks for all the new "likes"! It means a lot to us. Feel free to post on our page and let us know what you would like to see more of.
On this drank
Reading an Interesting list of the top 25 advertisers per search engine for June 2009 that Adgooroo put out.
Hey Mike! We hope you are having a great time! What activities are you participating in today?
Glad I caught #OpMegaUpload before Twitter pulled it from the trends. It's amazing to watch.
RT : Y'all, that was a hot one, but 13.1 is done! / congrats!
My #49ers comeback will include 1st team All Pro and a trip to the Superbowl vs Oakland #Raiders in 2012 :)
well the jets will win the super bowl
you are welcome, and yes we do offer #gfree pizza!
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
I miss high school finals. Mom would make us a huge breakfast & she always bought new pencils for us
I bored
I am preparing for this mornings' mtg of the St John Baptist Church Fruit Belt Community Development Corp Board
This Tues., 7/19 @ 6pm the Mayor’s Bicycle Advisory Committee 417 E. Fayette St, 8th Floor. Open to the public, bring your bikes!
Atlanta airport
RT Shutdown Minnesota Day 8: Super Rich CEO's defend lower taxes. Meanwhile, state's bond rating is downgraded
AmerksHockey I'll be up in section 204 tngt, row A seats 7 & 8 - leave me something good! :)
you the man - thank you
Or turning the water into whine.
Congratulations to for great coverage of yesterday's protests/arrests in AZ. Univision knew good photojournalism!
Hype!! RT : Could not have been a nicer day for a festival
We Found Love In A Hopeless Place <3
and my teacher would come in and say that we were getting a new student and you came in and I said in my mind "omg"
Um, Harry?
I'm going to be a zombie tomorrow
text me
If its gonna storm tonight i dont want to sleep alone
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization
check us out!
And so there was peace. <3
I asked the sage: "Is it more important to love or be loved?" The wise man replied: "What is more important for birds, left wing or right?"
what do you guys do when u guy get bored ?? evan though U guy have busy days
dont say that. Im 5 episodes in on netflix
fasheezy in the AM
I love that song I recored so put on youtube later
#holmwood Calm, clear delivery. Free gestures, good posture. Dance is good training for Petcha Kucha.
nvm, saw your other tweets.
Giving honor to God is much easier when we aren't busy trying to bring attention to ourselves. Who do you choose to make famous today?
Remarkable story of Super Bowl champion Driver next. Will Jenkins apparent injury and score of 27 play in Driver's favor on DWTS?
Pussy RT Finally sitting inside a permanent structure with furniture, electricity, running water and AC. Camping can suck it.
I might but it's on a Friday?!?
CRC meeting live online at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Curbed Outside: Natural History Museum&#39;s New Front Yard Opens For Expo
Lincoln Mercury Post-Game Show is coming up next?
is this on Forest Player? Or is it on TV here in the US?
Getting lost in Staten Island yeah buddy.
are so excited to be a part of we are ironing our best flannels y'all!
i no u wana lace up the blades n get shitted on.... street hockey kid hmu 781 572 7844
Good luck! Isn't Philadelphia so much better than NY?
#WhenSummerComes my hair will be purple >:D
I love how I'm reading all of the MOONRISE KINGDOM reviews, like it will FINALLY be the film that turns me into a Wes Anderson fan.
getting ready to go to my first day of speech class! I am so nervous I am terrified of giving speeches in front of people.
Being happy doesen't mean everything is perfect. It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections
"We undertand how important the work you do is for the health & prosperity of the entire country." -Kathleen Sebelius to #TPPBoys crowd
Why the sudden dislike for GB? Go Pack Go!! Falcons to win the SB?? What!!!
I like to do many things, especially I like to sing, I want to be a singer like idol is a role model!!
Life is perfect. That is all. Goodnight Tweeters <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
i want details.
Cannot focus on work today what with the show being a few long hours away.
either way.
saturday night detention? The torture!
Can't think of anything off top of head -- possibly literature on modern home-construction techniques?
It&#39;s not a Moment, it&#39;s a Movement mixtape vol. 1 coming in august reserve ur copy now!
Book A Star for your Next Event
You can even use twitter when on paternity leave.
I love Easter! I am so very excited to celebrate with my church family in the morning.
science don't think mr douglas is in most of the week x
On our way to the venue super stoked to rock especially sense we get two free bottles of sin vodka!!!
": Can someone please explain 10x10, 20x20 etc to me? I don't understand... haha!"
Yeah, cuz Yanks are in town prices are way up from other games. Think I grabbed OF seats.
As you get older you realize that OLD friends turn into fremines.
Glad to know my sisters get to do everything the want but I ask to do something and nope I can't
Agreed! RT : Portland needs to get unlocked! :)
Sometimes collection litigation is the only way to make the collection of a real debt. #IfIWereU I would avoid that at all cost....
Thank you sharing the great article!
Lifecycle management helps users do more with less.
#lizardlick life style is way to live.
#oomf be playing with my emotions.
this is , for some reason my tweets are feeding
glad to hear it! Thx!
Getting ready for the Carlson on the Law (Sunday 10 am on KPAM 860) How much force is too much when dealing with an intruder in your home.
Holy shit this storm is not playing around. Skeery.
Thanks! Have a wonderful weekend too! :)
I am so disgusted with the Anthony Jury there are no words. That jury's hoping for their 15 minutes of fame. ABC flew juror & fam to Disney
Thank you! I've got something to send your way soon, too!
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead What kind of stupid Twitter trend is this? People, please get a life, please do!
Just had King cake after my workout at Swerve.
Just saw Jeff Skinner at the NHL offices in NYC. I thought he was a college grad here to interview for an internship!
you're welcome! Enjoy it and shake that bootay lmao
Glad to be a member!
Before I get on the beltway, could someone tell me it's closed. Too late :(
Yup! It's usually at Kern but that was closed and we schlepped all the way over to Humboldt & Locust before finding it.
Looking forward to seeing friends from Intuit, Yahoo!, Citrix, Microsoft, Tides, Walmart, HP, Lucent, etc. at tomorrow's SF Public Workshop!
yeah i watched the video chiodos posted. He better not leave them haha
#MacBook is what you need!!!!
Great defense by the #Saints offense
Hooray! I have submitted my lesson plan (after accidentally deleting it), and everything looks just dandy on the new website.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "excuse me waiter can you split the appetizer between mine and her check?"
after singing Father Abraham "We're singing about Abraham Lincoln, right?"
that is now the soundtrack to the day drinking I'm currently involved in
Well since #Knicks are stinkin up the league guess I will just watch Wesley Johnson play tonight. Loved watching him play #SU ball!
Nah, I have the text alerts set on that one.
Just tapped, 90 Min Imperial IPA (replaces Torpedo Extra IPA) $10 growler fill
Twilight Sleep lives! Looking forward to your new sounds.
Amazing sunset this evening. Nothing beats an Oklahoma sunset. Nothing!
It's So Unbelievable How Much De'Andre Has Grown.
also, "cross-training"? Really?! The generation chasm is that big?
so all numbers aside, john, whats yer gut say - who will the blazers play in the first round
Missed today's calls? Dial 559-726-1299 to listen: Huckaby/Owens: Pin 444426# Vitamin Call (guest William Faucette): Pin 118279#
The Memphis CAC celebrates heart tonight!
We all want love <3
Hahha who was it?? I'm not gonna be able to take that class serious now!
Thinking of Sending wishes for a super speedy recovery!
Although the month is almost half over, I felt it necessary to jump back on the horse that I let get away; I found my #impetus again.
POLL QUESTION: what is yer fave moment from any of the "Friday the 13th" movies? Watch yer backs out there, heshers!
Whole Foods is apparently selling this Rita Wilson album, and not in the "body" section.
“: RT : Im embarrassed for dah Utah Jazz <<---- Spurs all the way!”WOOHOO
Immolate The Saints is currently sitting at 666 likes. Freakin' awesome! I dare you to be the next like!
was hoping to make it to the IMAC party tonight! Are you going?
Love hearing that! MT I'm amazed at how much my boy readers have identified with Katniss.
more clues! :)
Hey man told me I should talk to you sometime
I've never wanted to ditch class so badly. I wish I could go to Pomona to watch tomorrow. :(
if you can send the posting number, i can get it out on our pages.
Getting ready to crash, had a wonderful dance with Gee
oh shnap, ill dig up the tapes next time I'm back in NC, they prob still sound ill
Seattle Mariners hitters have not seen a 3-2 count through 7 1/3 innings.
It's amazing how a great defense can completely change the game.
Finally got my site looking a bit better.
Sad to see #18 leaving Indy
i got you...ayy you got any tracks on youtube?
If you don't invest in your music, you're just talking the talk..
RT : My next fight is June 11th at #UFC131 against Diego Nunes. It will be my debut at 145lbs. TY 4 the support
RT : "If you don't forgive you're going to get sick."
from MassiV: The Korova is going to be fucking sick TONIGHT! All for Backbeat Magazine's Feb. Release party. Be first to get #5. Bring it
Hey man, hit me up on Gtalk if you want to talk shop on ur cool photographs from yesterday. :)
Can anyone tell me where i can find "NO MOW" grass seed in the Milwaukee area?
We, the Pizza after a solid 5 hours of research justifies my cross-city trip
Follow me PLEASE (:
#koreavalentine Apple is red, Samsung is blue, this is getting repetitive. One, two, three, SUE.
my last tweet didnt make sense so i deleted it. loll
okay i really gota go bye bye tell john to follow me dont sleep with a monkey and eat icecream
jeanbeautylife: Low Price Bad Elf GPS Receiver for iPod touch ...
I think today will be good.
Hey, Thelma & Louise, where we at this hour? ;)
Made homemade pizza tonight with Trader Joe's pesto crust...it was delicious
Well he's certainly above the president, so "god" is definitely a possibly.
You all may call me crazy, but is killing it.
Headed to Kansas City this wkend for a wedding. Any tips for a cool neighborhood or museum to visit? maybe history-related?
Yep, it's on Saturday, April 28th. Cost is $10 for lunch. Are you down? I can FB you some more info ;)
The greatest possession you have is the 24 hours directly in front of you.
heating blanket would b awesome! (:
Merry Christmas, everyone!!! FREE waffles, coffee, and hot choc. today from 11-1pm! Come by and say hi! *<||;-)
The #MissNYUSA Pageant is this weekend! Wishing the best of luck to everyone... can't wait to see who will be the next !
I love fridays(:
why bother having a shirt on your site that won't be shipped until April 2012?
In the wise words of my grandpa, "I think they're aiming at me!"
RT : we're sarting a fan pg for alonzo gee! can u give us a follow & help us get more followers!?// yup
dark green?
New PG #website almost ready. we're excited! biz is good (thank you clients) so it's taken us a while.
Daily email? Sierra Club sends simple daily user-generated photo email and they have A LOT of engagement around it.
I'll be hanging at #c2e2 in Artist's Alley booth - I'm in a blazer and Firefly t-shirt; please feel free to visit!
I don't think I'll ever get used to seeing Al Franken as a Senator.
Rex Ryan, "Vince" on the same "page?" Dan Lauria does the audio version of coaches' book "Play Like Yon Mean It" due out soon
Haha. We've got cold spring #MLB games up here in Minnesota too.
About 2 take a shower @ 1 something... then on my way out 2 see my MAN
bout to make me a steak cooked in red wine, with iceberg lettuce and blue cheese
And with that my day just got really, really busy.
Bout to kill these role plays
Just shot a review for the NOT OUT YET HTC 1S for Tmobile, will edit it and upload it shortly! My first review so hope it's good :D
Best newbie advice RT The secret to SxSW - don't want to be any place other than where you are.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X32
nope, & yeah pretty much! But, there's like 5 of them so..
#808Pride girls if a man ever puts his hands on u and there is a knife next to u ....god gave u hands but them to work
Oh, wow, that's quite a hole! :( Shoot us an email () with the details & we'll see what we can do. <3
Having food aversion towards peeps really is working out for me today
I guess I could just leave him alone? I don't hear him mabey he flew back out? No... I hear something, maybe a fly, ok saw a fly.
Zombies represent the known unknowns. They represent the uncertainty of the world.
Bout to watch think like a man
Whoa, I just turned on the TV and got --- TV! | Not, "press menu now" This is NOT a paid advertisement :-) spg.com Aloft Dallas = sweet!
announcing a new festival DYMA? will be co-headlining with Mobile Deathcamp in South Michigan pretty soon!
YES YOU DO.
Very soon! We're excited RT any chance you can give away a few of the names?
how about the middle of June?
NC State wins - enjoys 1st place to him self.
Dont Waste Yo Time Coming To Our Party If You Just Gonna Stand Around !
no at some French place. Blehhhhhh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> it actually wasn't bad though. But knowing it was a snail made me sick...haha.
She wants you to keep having churria...lmao
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 7
where is amber
Interview with FED EX today.
u at the game ?!
Who wants to know how the spirits of famous dead people (such as Michael Jackson & Whitney Houston) are doing in the spirit world/Heaven?
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!
$20 for $50 Worth of Alterations at Leody's Clothing
Think it's time to head outside and sit in the sun with this marketing book.
Gym later!!!
Your a sexy librarian who is going to break out and punch people
Loved anything Luke Wooten engineers (like MarkTwainWordsandMusic)
I wish I was able 2 listen 2 sports right now.. but I can't
we can sell it on the internet and we can all be rich!!!!
#operationrepo premiere right now!
im sorry you cant sleep babygirl
That can be your knock-off of my bestseller...
congrats man!
ahahahahahahaha :D see im not really a belieber, but that still would be a pretty AWESOME show ! (hint hint, !!! )
We are adding a merchant payment gateway to our online registration platform in November!
Waiting for a domain to become operable so I can test a cool new tool called Affiliate Blog Builder.
Sweden is definitely bringing it with cutting edge soul music too. Love what I am hearing.
“: Hot Sauce Williams, Kim's, Open Pit, B&Ms, or Whitmores? #Clevelandtweet” Hot Sauce without a doubt
FREE Every day shots featuring of #BRUNETTE LisaAnn
yes i would ...
"I'll buy your ticket and everything" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> lol
Hey my favorite color is purple!!! Hahah
that's what I'm sayin.
are you just replying to all of my tweets now?
Did know you got an apt! Good for you!
don't start nothing ..won't be nothing
leaders that go against grain are impressive. Now that I'm schooled on him, intrigued by this #afc team.
Back from my break... and oh is there a lot to share... ; )
#ThankfulThursdayThought: my wonderfully supportive family & friends. And the great relationships I made here Bittersweet!
next stop for SS4 ~ Hawaii :D ~Aloha~ <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Kill them with success & bury them with a smile.
Networking has changed; have your networking skills changed too?
Don't just look, observe..
bout time!
WANT TO FOLLOW YOU CREW IN LA
My pleasure! Keep them coming...
YES MY POOL OPENS TODAY! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
RIP Dick Clark...
#YouveDoneItToo come to somebody house cuz they cook!
haha yup. its a real job
"The Haveto." RT : The Cubs are coming into town. Watched film on them last night. That's right Rookie of the Year!
yep that was me :) “: just heard you on ”
nope i told him until 7 i'll get off! but im goin home soon so i'll get my hone back once im home.
Yeah, i can't wait fam.
gr8 point. RT : Think wht U will of Klout & most of us think plenty, but they R achieving 1 thing - ubiquity. That ain't nothin.
Chondroma tumor cut out! Less then 4 inches from brain! Why me not feel smarter?
Calvert and Monument Monday... Stop by for your Lobster Mac and Crab cake fix Baltimore
Thanks for the link. That was very interesting ;)
No Sleep Til Brooklyn? That's what and will be singing in unison on their way to the 2012 Atlantic 10 Tournament
*Nerdy guys phone rings* JOCK: "Who was that, your girlfriend?" *Everyone laughs* NERD: "Nope. It was yours." *Dead silence*Q
we should plan for next year. Maybe we can all go together to a concert that would be neat. There is so much to do here omg
Okay hint of advice the more you show yourself and get videos up the more you get noticed!
With recall elections, their spring loaded seats can become Ejection Seats
I'm looking for a fashion cofounder. Let me know if interested in talking.
So happy not to have another live tweet tonight. That 6+ hour meeting Monday night almost killed my fingers ;)
Off work now a nap
#10ThingsIFindAttractive Perfect teeth.
"I had always been a free spirit, and always gotten what I wanted." – Rick James, in a 1998 interview with the New York Times
I favor the underdog.... Mars bars.
Haha! I like the sound of that RT : How do you land these gigs? Whats next, live from Cabo with Cubby
BEM is definitely a place I will patronize. I would try trap shooting but I am especially interested in learning to track game.
Your heart beats over 1OOOOO times a day. Our hearts skip a few hundred for warm waffles, can you blame us?
please follow me and shoutout!!!
I BELIEVE U have superpowers! :D What color is Ur cape!?
Today I saw an eight grader that looked just like legit, but he had braces. I WAS FANGIRLING ALL DAY.
Jordan are u goin to church in the a.m.?!
thanks, I've been wondering what's up!
I was at Starbucks and found out is on the hunger games soundtrack and awkwardly teared up
Get ready you're in for sammi!!! I'll be there wednesday night!!! I think you know each part now hahah
Emily Good in court today. Thoughts on the case?
9 minutes until #StandUp1912. Start warming up your vocal chords.
Count The Rings? Celtics Have More .nd All Cause The PAST Lakers Got Rings Dont Mean The PRESENT Lakers About To Get One ."O ok"
Yes. As impossible as it seems.
It will be this summer's #catcode!
Hey Malo, what's up? This is your biggest fan, Antoine. I haven't talked to you in a while. Let's keep in contact everyday !
two garbage trucks at , side-by-side to compress camping gear in a night of arrests, will stick in my head. still shots?
When you see my face I hope it gives you hell, I hope it gives you hell.
is un punk able :)
Thanks Grace!
The Oriental "cares more abt d condition of his soul than anythg else. The white man,however has to have conveniences & luxuries 2b content"
i got a felling that the new club le pomme is going to be the hottest club in nyc!
time has proven that no matter how conservative the brotha ala #HermanCain & #ClarenceThomas when it comes to sex they b radical freaks!
sometimes it's hard to be the nice person because some people like to take avenge of that....
Laundry..done(thx to the wife;), Taxes..done. Now, as often exclaimed by my Son..'Let's Have Fun!')
If you're a model or know of a model that should be featured contact for more info !
Showing clips of In The Hive #oe11. Love to Vivian Saunders and her work in Bertie County helping everyone there!
Great seeing fellow book artist stop by the CBA today! We hope you enjoyed the exhibits :-)
Awesome message at Rage Fest last night! Thank you for sharing!
what happened to ur phone?
Work Hard, Play Harder
S/O to all the new followers!
i never masturbated to your facebook display pic
He got all the data erased b4 he went 2 Pak cuz all his tweets 2 me were deleted from my twitter feed.
What are those on the Left saying about seizing of wealth of Libyan people after Gaddafi was killed? -Horace Campbell
Congrats to the #uswnt for London qualification!! Good luck ladies!!
thats why we hookah, blackout and smoke bud. Dhs teaches us about drugs and pointing out fake ass people
Chilling at home on a Sunday. Law and order and video games and pizza! Loves it!
So excited to play frisbee!
Thanks for the retweet :)
: I need get fucking drunk this hole weekend idc im be wasted for 72 hours..#whitegirlwasted!!
Another week of thermal vests?
thank you! Look forward to chatting more about
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :(<3
Be nobody but urself in dis world, which is doing ur best night and day...
LOL just got "u dont fit in bc ur fat n not from here" in a msg. Poor, pathetic, hateful creatures(: This world has #NoLove <3
which song ?
But I gotta admit the Caroline jokes are funny! If she laughs along with them maybe we'll like her more?
Colton's mom better get some amazing mothers day present for taking the bullet on that one. Wowza.
hide em under your pillow for sleepy time!
Heeeyyy there tweepz! Haven't been on here in a min. How's everyone doing???
My Sexy Ass Boyfriend ;D ->>
aww I'm so excited to hear it! I hope it's improved from Alec's version...
Badgers can't make sack | Tackling problems today | But Badgers force punt! |
This tournament needs to start because I'm swiftly driving myself insane with all the intangibles.
right! I be saying it to them too. Ill be like no bitch thats my best friend. And they laugh thinking im playing lol
Did twitter like put a limit on how many people you can follow? I'm not in twitter jail but I can't follow anyone else. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Thx 4 the follow...Break Legs!
In honor of #YomKippur- Recovery is crucial. Take a day off from all activity at least once a week.
I agree the turkey tips were not the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Still got love for my Celtics bullshit call
Have cannibalized parts from two broken headphones to repair my current set. I feel like a badass mofo.
What's next, gold stars?
NEW ONE BEDROOM, TWO BEDROOM AND THREE BEDROOM APARTMENTS AVAILABLE!
If you signed up for the wine tasting tomorrow, please confirm with me, if you haven't already. Check your inbox for an email.
If it isn't i'm worried that they may try to make you look bad.
It's the year of the dragon, Happy Chinese New Year!
"A new Pubmed article is published every 36 seconds" Leigh Watson Healy at
I Follow What You Sayin #Baby You Ain't Gotta #Twitter Ish
if you know that much, you should be able to get the joke!
Thanks for the RT! I'm looking forward to reading it.
right outside of Sarasota :)
Just bought some apple pie moonshine from good ol' Ootlewah, TN. This will be a fun night driveway drinking!
Birds talk with birds cats talk w/cats because they are of the same kind well God is a spirit, He talks to spiritual people.Get there. Luv u
well I'll tell u later
RT We've had bad luck with our kids - they've all grown up. ~Christopher Morley
It's a good thing people like can explain the ins-and-outs of social media, and in this case Twitter ... this could be addictive!
when do u get out?
Need 2 get back into an exercise regimen...gaining 2 much weight 2 fast!!
hipe u feel better
so true, but with that said I think the Knicks will play well tonight
Att: Karaoke DJs! This is an elpastornewark hook up. if you have a following, call Euro Pub in Kearny nJ 201 998 3979 $$$$$ RT to others..
This Bethany class of Senior, is like half our freshman class.. lololol..
336 plays on my music video in 24 hours....woahhh! Thank you for watching, friends! xoxo
Everyone that came out last night despite the horrible weather are golden in our eyes! We love our fans <3
#InHighSchool I almost decided not to go to my senior prom....didn't have a date
“: it's my favorite lol! Really hard to turn down!” Buahaha from now on never turn it down!
If he can reverse skate backwards WHILE couples skate is on, you better "shave your legs" “ While wearing jorts & really high socks
Entertainment of my a.m: guessing which of Outlaw's () body parts is pushing outward on which part of my belly! Fun? Not really.
John Mayer says he stopped tweeting because he could no longer have a complete thought...um, oh wait. Yeah, it's gone. Sigh.
I really hate the goopy goob inside of pumpkins :/ with what my hands look like, looks like i killed lol (:
Holiday Lighting Tips - KLFY Holiday Lighting Tips KLFY If you haven 't decorated already for the holidays, we have a few tips for you re
At the bar, next to the loudest stereotype .
Realized I am a much better friend than most people r2 me .kinda my own fault. Looking at things in a whole new light. I now expect nothing
ill hold on to that!!
We've given to the Kevin Hellman Benefit Fund early and often.
yup we will make it happen someday
[As my scissors shoot across bubble wrap towards Travis's hand] : "My webbing!"
After watching it, my question for our generation of success is "what is it for a man to gain the whole world, yet forfeit his soul?"
Sean Hannity and Jesse Lee Peterson are two peas in a pod.
#Heartattack U .S . Culture Linked to Greater Sunscreen Use Among Latinos Title: U .S . Culture Linked to Greater Sunscreen Use Among Latin
From special value meals to fine dine cuisine. Your relationship is a schedule till I come between.
Hoping to raise a bunch of money at my fundraising event today at Otay Ranch Town Center :)
This place is packed. Hope we can make our 8 p.m. movie.
Bodyguard Nation provides Security Recruitment Services that do the job
gahhhh he is adorable.
Just signed up for Living Building Challenge 2.0 () workshop in early summer. Been meaning to do this for some time...
I'm with you.
yes :( I am so happy I found this song I was looking for for yearrrsssss ever since I was a kid it's crazy and u
well fuck. But i'm bout to be knocked. So ill talk to you later on bitch
yeah lmfao idk I'm gonna google some easy things to do, but does the info have to be on a tri-fold?
There are some really good movies coming out this summer!
So many great southern authors this week at the Jubilee Jambalaya Writers Conference. Come see Mary Kay Andrews speak among others!...
i do this shit
You definately got to have self worth to be your own best friend
alright lol I will figure it out lol but u got to bring friends to the show
College town coffee shop hangs tonight pre show w/ for the Ann Arbor Comedy Showcase
Round 2 and we're off!
Been remiss! Thank you for your mentions and RTs!
Thought you were the best thing that has happened to me, but that turned out to be wrong. :(
600 "likes" Awesome! Thanks for spreading the word!
Sounds like a warm up for your future political career to me!
Welcome to the official twitter for stained glass hearts we're new to twitter so bear with us while we get our bearings
Law of Reverse Effect: the more you try, less you get. Solution: relax & let it flow 2u
And why the hell does the system have to be so complicated? It's a book. By a guy. The end.
Welcome A very interesting design-oriented feed.
What will you be for Halloween? What inspires you?
that is totally awesome!! Nobody likes being played
There really ought to be a better definition of the word "brunchkin" in the urban dictionary. Setting my goals high today.
oh... Okay. Haha
Champagne & Chickenheadz Lets go!!
Crap sack
500Boyz manager would like to negotiate business.
Just chillin watching this fake baby for my sister. Im rocking it right now (:
I'm gna be eatin some pizza's & frinkin some booz w/ while watchin NEW Ghost Adventures!
do u really think this team can compete next year? missing og,rb,wr,s,and cb. maybe they will sign some 8 yr vets to help
thanks for spreading the word! ;)
CP3 WITH THE JUMPER
Sad. One the stories I'm working on involves a certain alienation of neighbors that leads to,something similar. Take flowers.
Workout song on repeat..
"fascinating and spooky" sounds like an oxymoron.
Celebrate by sharing a recipe and its story with your next door neighbor. Break bread together during Arts & Humanities Month!
NaLee the beginning of a trilogy... Mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com
aw thanks so much! Glad you like my vids. :)
what movie??
Not in Wisconsin -- we have elections all year 'round....
point is quit bein a stranger.
congrats man!! You deserve it!!
I hope ya edge up grows back quick, but forreal if I don't work I'll go get my eyebrows done with you
Sometimes I do~ sometimes I don't~ sometimes.. I js won't~
Soups had every bit as much salt in them then as they do now
did you need #SeeSaw image or just that tweet. If the latter, it's under If former, I am of no help :)
Ha, love it.
Evolution® System has the only control that allows you to control temperature, humidity, air quality, fan speed and ventilation. Contact us!
GTE at #SXSW in Austin! We will be here all week!
I use Lemon essential oil.
I wanna live in Oregon someday. It seems like a lovely place.
Let the drinks begin.....
thank you.
#DontDoubleMyRate - Affording my loans now sucks, I can't afford an extra $1000/loan when I get my graduate degree!
Again, what should be a gain of 1 (maybe even a loss), Quizz squirts out to make a 13 yard gain! Slippery little sucker!
“ If you give well to the needy but can't give to your family you might not be generous but merely religious.”
having all of Matt's supporters really puts the pressure on! :)
I don't know what category I belong to! But that sounds awesome, self invite!
CBS Los Angeles's status: Whitney Houston dead at 48. #Breaking News
RT : is a brewing and it smells like heaven downtown!
In a Dickensian twist, has dubbed our son Zeke The Wee Z
“: BSB: Aggies extend their winning streak to eight games after defeating No. 5 Arizona 13-8 on Wednesday.” ookkaayyy!!
ahh those were the days. Got double prints and one hour developing if you were feeling rich.
Our economy is based on volume purchasing. Most people buy mostly the same things. Rich people buy extremes like planes ...
u all messed up
Ok. you did it without Dad now take this deal!!!
they R crazy robot owl things circa 2000. My crazy grandma got me one. They were SIRI before she was. Copied what they heard
Kyle, KGW reports Brady with 24 Percent.
Wendy's 5 piece spicy nuggets > Denver Nuggets
Got that #makeUsleep on deck haha
Was offered the day off tomorrow & refused bc apparently my love of money is greater than the love of my sanity
Back in avon! Oops, I mean "the Von"
RT : RIM may be struggling, but it can still draw a crowd. A few thousand attendees streaming into the hall.
Black rasberry ice cream with peanut butter sauce is the bestt. #justsaying (;
Gonna be late for school. Eh, whateva.
Wack ass show
Why are there not flights available to and from SEATAC and SLC? What is the reasoning they're currently not offered? THANKS!
The More I freestyle the more creative I get wit the flow...Damn,Think I Need a studio Show
I'm so sore :( had an intense stretching seshh
Got some midwestern officials in Boston tonight. Whatever. Go Orange!
Thank YOU for speaking!
please tell me you have video!! Who won?
he's been drinking too much #CaptainndrP and booked for like a month. Unless we do golf during the day somewhere. #sundayfunday?
Correction guys, our partner's twitter handle is , not that's a video store in brooklyn!
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities." Ralph Waldo Emerson
This weeklong stint of slothfulness and gluttony needs to die.
Man.. So glad I wasn't a part of the riot in London.
"Any man can be a #father, but it takes a special person to be a #dad." - proverb #HappyFather'sDay!
Defeat never comes to any man until he admits it. Josephus Daniels
I need a boyfriend...
M laddies you're missing a delicious taco party
RT : A nice project folder covers a multitude of sins. So does professional binding, for that matter.
#Harvest time may be earlier than we thought. Stop in for #Homebox #DryNets, #Pruners and all of your #harvesting needs!
lets go wisco!
Today was very interesting aye.
see u there w
oh well mate! The game will be out in a couple weeks! Hockey season is right around the corner for you! Ready for tomorrow!?
About 30 or so hours till Rangers Caps game 7
we had a 2 hr delay today, still pretty snowy outside. it is rlly cold outside still, its 18 degrees outside!! omg!!
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. ~Thomas Jefferson
my headache went away for like, 10 minutes. & now its back. :(
You do but you may not know it. HAIR on Bway, 1 of the founders of Broadway Impact who regularly leads the cause for equality.
Moving along day to day right now
Maybe there will be a day when all auto dealers will become bicycle dealers.
ima GO get it!! :D
If Mark Antony and Cleopatra are the original Brangelina, does that make Julius Caesar Jennifer Aniston?
this is why I do this..he created/mastered hip hop production via live instruments and program drum machines..know your history
Tonight, Wash Nationals' rookie phenom Bryce Harper hit his 1st HR, and all 873 fans at Nationals Park went WILD.
i got more austin love!! I love austin with all my butt!! I wouldvr. Said heart but my butt bigger:D i win!!:)
I qodd dhat Ralph Lauren baby spray, mane dhisx s* smell 2tu d* qood. #RNS fina lean bckk and play some slow jams
So seen a friend in a Hospital from being shot multiple times.. It was ugly no telling what he did tho
Congrats to my former boss & SPUR-ex, crowned as 's 2012 PR Pro of the Year. Someone I'll always look up to.
In Cincinnati posted the most jobs to for Jan-Feb
Everyone follow <<< plzzz!
A writer must teach himself that the basest of all things is to be afraid. -- William Faulkner
Huh?---> RT : Re-Opening of Questions? .... I need parts.
There's only one person I wanted to receive a text from. Never came through.
Drinking an ice cold cup of idgaf !
Those Occupy LA folks are pretty amazing.
Keep your face looking fresh at any age! Rejuvenate your face with our special organic facial for only the low price of $50 for Spa Week.
... That means I DESERVE and so must have chippies and Pepsi Throwback for dinner at midnight, right? Right?
toilets Journey Behind The Falls last night. Today - Maid of the Mist.
Was very impressed with and their customer service. They went above and beyond and helped with my headphones. Thx
hey no worries! you have better hair & magic underwear!
sounds like she's wants sarry to be legit haha
I feel like ever since he brought the belts out, Bieber has done nothing. Where's the advice between rounds?
Cheers to the freakin weekend
LOL! I taught this 50 something year old man I used to see on the train every morning. He called my Blackberry a 'Blueberry'
see. Foolish.
Focusing on my new business venture this week. Finding people who want to build long term income and get healthy! People are fun!
Excited to see all the amazing things you're making in Scandinavia. Thanks for the support!
I will meet and play music with SOMEDAY. I swear it.
#DWTS Gladys Knight, sure, but where are the Pips??
I hope your have a great day! LOVE If You Ever Come Back by The Script too they rock! What's your favorite ep. of
I think admitting your a bobcats fan might be the only thing worse then admitting to be an Orioles fan!
My goal for the next panel I attend: to sit in a chair.
Props to our Hope 4 NewYork pals who kept coming like waves to help pack bags Fri nite for our sat AM chinatown-centric food pantry
Hopefully the NBA #AllStar game is better than the
lol. Ppl still do that? What happened to mobile banking. Cthu
omg dude u kan only have 1
Can anyone recommend someone to hire to remove malware from a website?
i'm going to the opening tomorrow! super stoked about it.
I cannot RT that because your account is private, but I so totally agree.
Why do these people think they are good? Sorry, but no.
youre coming to San Antonio today? :o
#microsoft continues to come out with products without proper testing, quality, and support - son's XBOX 360 bites the dust in just over 1yr
hey, getting ready for work
I wonder if Lilly Ledbetter is related to C.S. Ledbetter I?
you look great babe. Thanks for follow
I hate when a really cute stranger says something to me...i just stand there staring in shock and while im doing that theyre gone -.-
great job with fitness karma at
ohhman!! In The Morning is going to kill! Be ready for March
Hey Johnny, Glad you're feeling better. I wanted to Thank you personally for a Great performance here in Rochester.
Did I really? I'll go check my accounts right now for you love. :) Xx
I ordered my new phone yesterday. I'm ready for it to be here now.
THANK U FOR HANGING UP >:(
#UFinterface looks like we're getting spammed again.
Will You Be With RADIODISNEY AND THE CAST OF #LABRATS TOMORROW SATURDAY AT CITADEL? :)
boo pimp mac , lol
Do u carry a laptop around? Thought of a tablet? Samsung Tab 10.1 is a great device, lightweight not to mention 4G give your back a break
Acting like it doesn't bother you , will get us no where
NY punter Matt Dodge should be cut. But plenty of blame can go around. Eagles down 21 with 7 minutes to go and score 4 straight TD's to win.
Feeling like an egomaniac. I can't for the life of me articulate my value to the Libraries and profession in less than 2 pages. Maybe I am!
Are you taking advantage of the Hotel Half-Off Holiday Sale going on right now? When are you coming to visit?
nice to meet you too sweetie. :)
Bermudez goes down swinging. 1 down in the 3rd.
RT : I wonder what I mean to you..
#HateWhenPeople judge people by the tweet.!
you got it. Not going to be as fun without u and but I'll suck it up;)
I feel like 99% of Boyle students don't like me .
Cushing/Wessel: first, print out the guts; second, pre-cut; third, fold & sew; fourth, trim. And then you have a book
It funny to watch the Jogging 101 class run by, "ok guys so what you do is put one leg in front of the other and move faster then walking"
A special happy bday shout out to the hardest working rapper do it B.I.G... takes some time off & have a blast
at least you still look fantastic!!!!! Go DUCKS!
like in social studies! #dumbface ;)
If thats what it takes for 88 to go off like last weekend I'll get a TRUCKLOAD TO YOU! Has 2 be the Blue tho.
is this resume ok? can you give me some feedback?
Excited to be coaching tonight!!
Crane shot!
Lol some guy just called me and said "hey wanna chill tonight" and all ugly I said "ew no", I didn't mean to say it like that lmao
Still cant get over it
Meeting with the NXNW Dems tonight! Should be insightful.
Dawn, welcome to the BHB page, enjoy the music!
These #stanleycup playoffs are sick...two OT games in a row.
“: Celtics beat the Heat again... And on their floor wow! KG was on it tonight! Welcome back Allen!” yes they did!
10 Facebook Tips: Delete your account.
Just took cupcakes out of oven. Need to frost, then change clothes. So maybe I'll leave in an hour?
Is enjoying margaritas @ Mo's :-)
Aww, I do know; Megasin. But I'm sure you got an answer by now.
high as a kite
are off this weekend. Happy Independance Day! thank you to all of our military men and women!!!
um, me? :inconspicuous hand raise:
GO LOOK AT MY SNEAK PEAK TWEET
fresh fluffy snow-yea I'm coming down the mountain unless I'm falling down it.
Sorry in advance if yo see me these next two days - looking and feeling rough
email generally works best with me.
I can hear a lot of Tupac's influence in Curren$y's flow..
I just finished a 2.44 mi run with a time of 20:38 with Nike+ GPS.
took a couple of years for me to realize the possible benefits,but with less fish in the pond there is more room to swim!
If the Sp-hers don't win the ring, they are in the same boat with everyone else. Their record will be futile :-)
I love your new song awesome
i'll take ham on an everything roll. i don't need the gelato.
tell everyone that b-day is next month
some of these headlines about James Cameron going deep are filthy
Starting on Friday: 10 BEST DAYS OF THE BAKKEN 10am-5pm. Day 1? Inventors' Day. Meet Jimmy Neutron, program a robot & meet inventors!
who figures that stuff out? Crazy
oh ok...i understand
//Same here! I think we can do some incredible things. I'll be in LA in June for a few days, I'd like to meet again before then.
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho try to runis someones relationship. If they're happy let it be !
Feel a terrible cold coming on. Time for a massive amount of medicine.
If you're at the meeting this week, make sure to stop by the book exhibit (& look for publications)
Westboro releases ‘You Might Be a Slut’ ad for Limbaugh’s show
don't be bitching about my driving when 1) u told me to drive and 2) it's your fault were running late
Awesome. Thanks for the new profile pic.
haha that's what's good
RT - Ill be in Cleveland for part of a series of the Tribe-Yanks starting monday when Derek gets back. Very excited. ...
Go Mustard!
Happy Birthday, Owen Wilson! What is your favorite Owen Wilson performance?
flexible identity organizing builds ldrs; moved into AsAmSt. polylateral lines of power, examples ahead...
Certainly !!! Big Feast, fun, luv and #song. Happy to hear from you: ))BP
Happy Holidays from Key Committee!
that's definitely important.
Exactly ... might fire the UK crowd up more to be playing UConn
thanks! Excited to debrief!
Ya can't beat a morning that starts with good coffee and Ella Fitzgerald.
Okay is Miami trying to make this interesting? Not worried, Dallas bench won't play that good again!
says she will use the 'snuggle' weather map at 9:15!
i'm like a walking bank.
You're losing it, man!! PULL IT TOGETHER!
I remember being REALLY bored and decided to watch Fantastic 4. My boredom never subsided. Flame, off...
Speaking of... It was so fab to see you last night!
All davie-poo talks about between songs is gay stuff i watched his live videos that were posted he sure is
On a related note, my Nexus S on ICS is a black hole for battery life. I'm pretty sure it makes other phones around it go dead, too
Patrick Dempsey entered the entertainment world as a teenager when he studied juggling & placed 3d in the Nat'l Jugglers Convention.
That can't be too many hours. You stay put.
Thanks for the shout out Amy. In warm weather conditions, I am a good guy. This cold has brought out the bitch.
Solid! 's honey badger piece was picked up by yesterday, tremendous win for your team. Nice get.
Thanks Apple, my MacBook charger LED isn't green. Definitely internal issues, somehow.
amen brother
sadly I'm at work so no tequila for me.
Ramsay presented a pressed pork belly on the F Word, Season 1 that I've always wanted to do. Looked GREAT.
which game?
has a great philosophy, I wish that it was more pervasive!
Tried to be a good mom & took kids 2 open gym @ rec center only to leave 1/2 hr into it. MAJOR MELTDOWN sort of took all the fun out of it!
early wake up
Q5 via : Is there a form of travel specific to a place that has specifically made you want to visit that destination?
text me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
thanks!!! I'm pretty darn excited about it!
Free download THE LOCAL NOBODIES AP
Say a good luck prayer for our Columbus 48 Hour Film to be in the 2011 Best Of Show in September :) Believe!!!!
I hate when I accidentally delete a shortcut from my phone's home screen and I can't figure out what's missing.
America is not done...because God is not done with America.
And while I'm at it, "armchair revolutionaries" are some of the worst kinds of cowards and hypocrites; I want nothing of them.
My friends have no idea how much I enjoy watching them get divorced.
No answer at the door of the apartment where missing woman Brittany Killgore lives. Expecting her husband to arrive home from Afghanistan.
#TarotDay Wednesday: Mercury, Magician in #tarot. A day for successful magick, causing change in conformity with will. Make a decision. Do.
Twisting tonight at Chilis Restaurant Wilmington, Ma. from 5:30-7:30 Pm. Kids eat FREE! Come in and Visit!
Not National - Not International - but Inter-Galactic Happy Star Wars Day . . may the forece be with you.
Tourists. Tourists everywhere.
Get your dates straight! Moving day was in march! Jan moving day... Make sure you don't forget your pashminas!! Xoxo
i never know what to say when people ask me what im doing cause im never doing shit. e v e r.
Happy 4th of July!!!!!!
you would like the sissy reds.
Don't be fooled by your emptiness.<3
HOW IS EVERYONES NIGHT?
Ok, I get a bonus! Listened!! haha, this all went over my head!
“: Wud it b healthy 2 text someone: "remember back when u cared if I lived or died?"" sure
#M3Logic offers instant rekeying – regain security immediately
yes please try to talk sense about city's budget. We need our firefighters and medics in the city
Google Voice has interpreted "eric john rettberg" in US Airways's repeated flight cancellation msgs as "Action Redbird." Call me this.
good job!
of course!! :P
Oh Don Piano. Why I eye's ya. All the live long day.
it is so cool to see you on twitter world :)
Congrats on the campaign! Thanks for the great advice. --D+M
counting down the days until November
Did anyone make it out to see our 2012 Student Advisory Committee's Presentation yesterday? They inspired the whole room! Great job you all!
how was the race?
So many of the essays in the American Intellectual Tradition are reprinted from The Atlantic. Interesting.
After my round yesterday I totally understand why the people who invented Golf also invented Scotch. #numbersgothathigh?
I'm so close to 100 followers! Will you help me get there? I pay back in gummi bears and reese's pieces. RT, please? :)
Good time for Alex to be a hero
Getting ready to give away the iPad2 at booth 2901
but on the bright side, i only have a little more than two weeks left till summer
I have a question...can I dress you up in my love? And if I do will you get arrested for public indecency?
Pre-book your #VIP experience to get FREE COVER & LINE SKIP added on for your whole group! Text "VIP" to 414.335.9569 to get pricing & book
You don't manage complexity by giving it all at once. You manage it through give and take --
Friday the 13th is the one day of the year I can flail my machete without getting odd looks on the street.
till you get drunk!
Where's when I need my back cracked? Florida. Of course.
WooHoo nice shot!!! \m/
Cooking tip: Just add more butter.
ha, debatable. :)
so far we've gotten great feedback, glad to hear you enjoyed it!
heyy guys what's up!!
coming along nicely - evolving daily. Coming for a visit anytime soon? Would be great to see you here.
too many of the long people listening. Why didn't I see you at taboo on Tuesday.
Every last word, every single thing you say try to stop me now but it's already too late If you really don't care then say it to my face
when will you be in town?
Its the Awake season finally and the cable just went out due to the thunderstorm. My mom is officially having a meltdown.
hmm ... funny, not mentioned are the two wars started by gwb. how you think that figures in the charting?
... you're getting spammed ... hard
Had a great day of practice at Madera Speedway in CA! Car is good, crew is happy, and I'm Looking forward to what tomorrow brings! :)
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I PEEPS EVERYTHING ,
thanks for hooking us up. Super excited!
The weather's nice.
Thanks D. Great to meet you too! Have a positive day!
So I'm just going to call it. Romney is a sociopath. That's never been said before, right?
“: Shewww. Being a mom is hard.” [indeed it is thank goodness you have ] lol
don't carry them cos publishers and vendors make it that way.
Lmao, calm down, calm down :P it's only a game ;) i've just been watching liverpool play :) xx
Im extra huff with twitter
I wish I would've been there to celebrate with you!!! I'm sure you both enjoyed yourselves and had a great Bday!!!
Pickup Line: Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours
my head and eyes hurt. going to call it a night. goodnight world and God Bless<3
San Francisco tomorrow! Getting a little excited...will be just an overnight trip, but looking forward to it!
yes!!! I was so hoping this would be broccoli.
"I'm not about caring, I'm about winning" - "Suits" season 1
Once you go black, you never go back. And, once you go white, everybody else is wack.
like where at though?
AHAHAH I LAUGHED SO HARD "DIRTY MEXICAN" HAHHAHAHHA
Great job , from #Minneapolis! We can't wait to start growing too!
If a lady can marry the freaking Eiffel Tower I still don't get why 2 dudes can't do the same?
So what's the deal? Why are & btl beer prices some of the highest in Chicago?
Happy Mothers day(:
Extended? Yup. COBB, Featuring a talented cast of 4 including our very own Daniel Sykes, last seen as Lorenzo in our Merchant.
Chen is funny! Keep throwing to first.
i have to say panda express tottally numbed my heartachee! lol
we'd like to share ideas sometime. If you're DC local, we have an Education Innovation Forum next Tues, 5/8. Check our web for RSVP
It's official: my CGM magic upload wand is MIA. I'm panicking!
Iswear I fucking LOVE isabel so much!!!! <U+2665> gawdd, imma miss her so much! Lmaooo<U+263A> she always finds a way to keep me up & going <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
La Rabida Children's Hospital () plans to build a 13k sq ft outpatient clinic with 18 exam rooms.
Spent the day #outside with the #kids & hubby.
Thanks for including us in your Living ABQ daily!
did she cut your sister's hair - it's adorable
What importance do albums play for both creators or consumers of music these days? Have they lost out to downloading individual songs?
then don't breathe
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff <- they do not reply to your texts or answer your calls, & if you really made them mad - they'll send calls to VM
Keeping Up With The Kardashains Fantasy Factory or Jersey shore !!
He is nice.
.. Wendys sounds god (: BUT.. Do you go to Subway anymore? D:
If I'm smiling at the ground, that means I really like you! ._____.
Despres in the Box for Saint John with a slash on Brodeur, #maineiacs on the power play....SJ lucky that wasn't a penalty shot.
be back for game time
Shout out to for making traffic bearable with this crazy pill mix! Keep killing it Jude!
That kill just might get our president another four years....
Save this tweet; it is very handy. Works for all values of "it." RT I am not tweeting anything about it.
don't sound so surprised! lol and thank you
you're the second person this week to think that. Marriage is for pussys
and then ur sis called the house and I knew it was her and I was all who is this the hooker of the fam so she hung up
yeah buddy! Thanks for the spins. When is the vinyl? Luv u.
It was an intro to Black Studies course.
Does a human mission to Mars have to be paid for by USA tax payers? NO. In 2011 there are others ways of paying for this program
Good words - thanks!
you are truly an inspiration! Thanks and proud to be a fellow w/
- happy customer I am: amazing dishes. Superb Pho. Love your place and recommend that my friends check it out. A+
im going to change it once and a while
Maybe if all of San Jose yells GO SHARKS at the same time they'll hear us in Chicago? 1.... 2... 3...
What am I suppose to do with my night?!
Reed Between The Lines was #wronglyconvicted!! What a shame here in NH!! #RIP Kassidy Bortner. #Justice is on its way!!
so so so stressed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I don't think you have any idea how much I worry when don't tell me things.
i have a weird energy tonight, just gettin in the booth and having those perfect takes. Gotta take advantage
I went public with problem, so I gotta go public with praise. Thx Network Solutions for quick response time.
This one hurts Hawks!!
to be fearless, you have to be ignorant and stupid, like me.
Not, I think, a great loss to the neighbourhood. … What are you doing in the Have?
So I heard that new Madonna song again. Perhaps I judged her too harshly. I mean, she is pretty talented for a cadaver.
Hahaha RT : I just looked at an ad for Ensure and thought to myself "Wow! That sure looks refreshing!"
Rudolf is excellent. Viggo Mortensen/Clint Eastwoodish. And that whole who-am-I role is wicked hard.
I JUST walked by that monk. I work on that corner. Narrowly avoided him.
On our way! Is there room on the patio? cc:
I wanna lay out so bad <U+E04A>
Allow your mind to be open and free
Wouldn't mind another Back to Basics album either from Christina.
Horrible tourist karaoke is amazing. I feel like I'm at Napoleon Dynamite's house.
The last couple of nights I don't think I've really "slept", per se. More laid down with my eyes closed.
Jenkins is a bust. Pure and simple. Give up now.
“: I don't kno what that means lol but I did too!!!” I meant you blowing up My twitter feed. Lol
Big #sales week starts tomorrow; who's ready?
not too sure bout the burgh tonight? We will def have to get together soon tho!! Inbox me your number so we can make plans soon!
Anywhere where we could do that. And also, where they have the telecoms xD
I see you were in Ca at one time in Sac. I used to live an hr south in Modesto..small world.
everything koolin ova here shorty , wuz good with you ?
Thanks so much! That's a really important project, and we can't wait to see the finished project.
What does everybody think about the new #seahawks uniforms?
3 months exactly. Time flies but seems to stand still.
Why did the ghost take his family on an elevator ride every day?
we left our umbrellas! Get them!
I always get tha last laugh!!
....And yet another announcement! We are opening a INDOOR DOG PARK!!!! The indoor dog park will be open by the end of January!
I'm digging Sting too.
I hope the orioles don't fuck up later and win the wildcard
Glad to hear that the Susan G Komen Foundation reversed their decision & Planned Parenthood gives many women access to healthcare they need
Probably! But it'll all depend on numbers. We're asking BootCamp applicants to indicate interest in a primary track.
Everything cool with ya
Hate to see ya coming up, niggas got it fucked up..
I really REALLY hate jimmie johnson. How is it he's won ANOTHER race yet Jr still hasn't won a race since like 1905?!
About to talk to Jason Suchomel of Orangebloods.com about #longhorns recruiting. Listen live: espnaustin.com
Had an awesome time touring #zappos today! Amazing #culture! Thanks #kwri for an awesome masterminds bonus!
why is somebody all the sudden the Good Samaritan of twitter on the funniest hashtags?
Excellent. And then the fun begins.
When my beat drop, I make your girl #ah (;
Thanks and for the great panel -- so excited that I'll be in your Digital Pedagogy course at #DHSI this summer!
lol i cant even do mines lmaooo.
oh hey I magically appeared on my couch with my tv on with my phone and my backpack across the room closed. Oops.
Complex math. Are my shares of AAPL profits worth more than higher corporate and lower personal taxes?
ur icons r outstandingly great and Vic uses them which makes u even more greater
seats 1 , 2 , 3 etc are the ones RIGHT in the center of the stage so itlll be amazing
Me neither, well other than my best friend.. Do you know a girl named Kaitlin Keene?
Got an A on my science paper...yay oan: I'm having a great day. Thank you Lord.
memorable as in I took like almost all of the classes she taught lol
Sweetness. Let 'er rip!
Absolutely! Be personable, yet knowledgeable.
eh... After my JoBros jam out this morning, I'm not feeling
Does anyone have a chart comparing #SACS and #ACCSC accreditation/application requirements?
so if I meet you and randomly start playing with your hair, you wouldn't mind?(;
u so sexy
It took almost every part of me not say "bullshit" live on the radio.
Cold beer and step 1 started on fixing this lawn! Productive night overall!
crashed while saving has to be one of the most awesome things photoshop has done for me. (it was a sprite with 10 buttons / rollovers).
at home
A STAR for BOOK OF MADNESS AND CURES in LJ "O’Melveny has written a compelling drama with a strong female lead. The writing is superb,...
Cranky at its finnest right here. Someone.bring me flowers chocolate. A bed. Chocolate. Lots of it. And a soapy love movie.
Auto correct iz a bitch. A bitch nigga to be precise.
I learned that in the old Japanese culture everyone celebrated their birthday on New Years day.
Look, I came here for an argument ..
RT bumper sticker in the National Library of Medicine parking lot: "The truth is out there, it's just not well-indexed."
I'm fighting the urge to get a new tattoo
I absolutely agree. You'll never grow if you don't break out of the soil first.
Brunch at Harlem tavern today with my trio. Stop by if you're in the neighborhood 12-4.
Honesty is the chapter one in the book of love- InSpotter mobile app
WELL I AM ABOUT TO TAKE THIS ROAD TRIP
i can sing to you some more rihanna when you get home :)))) please dont stop the music
haha, yk that would mean we'd all have to match, and I have to get too corsages.
I just earned the Meathead badge on #Yelp!
LAKE for sure. Its what ur known by
my boy Todd Frazier deserves this more than anything - don't understand why this has happened twice now - you hit, you play - which he DID
= flawless voice
haha, yeah, he was definitely entertaining. It's interesting how much character you can add to your dancing that way
We are celebrating our 50th anniversary. Get a discount on all stock plans during the month of October. Check us out: www.danze-davis.com
Have you voted yet? You know if you were up for an award. We would vote for you.
#Rangers get bodies in front of the net and Braden Holtby gets beat. #Bruins should have used that strategy more..
It's about time. Hoping this will mark a turning point for the players, fans, and franchise. Let's move on, work harder, and let's go #Jags!
that sounds like a perfect #lunch!
So didn't come to school today. I'm never going to buy her a breakfest sandwich and arizona again
The Dubuc Family has been part of NSTAR's Walk for 7 years. They walk for Matty, who lost his fight to cancer. Read why: bit.ly/iLubiS
Pep rally was awesome!!!! Homecoming game tonight :D
I LOVE those cupcake punches!
lmfao don't be mad at me
it wont be that bad, just keep yourself busy
The only thing stopping our annual trip to Jazzfest is the exciting arrival of our first child in April! Can't wait for 2013!
": ... Can u delete the last one" Just making sure are reading them. Deleted.
Thanks girl! Yes you did! :D
Thanks to our peeps !
At rehearsal freezing... Oh well.
Having the most awkward moment of your life <<<<<
I'm from Madison and my Mom works for the state.. You gotta be crazy. You don't even know why you "like" walker.
When someone says they need somethin for 30 min and u have to wait 2hrs for it
lol yea get it we can be hello kitty twins >:D
girl be standing beside me right now!
You can contact your campus LiveText Coordinator, Dr. Vaughan, for the link. I do hope this has been helpful to you.
i gotta go bob just called me and where going 2 the movies:D later twitter
Oh thats hard, Hmm Family Guy! No Simpsons... Ah shoot idk
if yall find a way to air da playoff game in that spot I'm in.
i hesitate to call #yahoo "winning"
The next five Virginia-class attack submarines will be named after Illinois, Washington, Colorado, Indiana, and South Dakota.
can't forget the bruthaz in the bing.Straight stuntin and commissary is very necessary!!
Thanks, we're looking into it! Noticed its happening on Firefox also.
Oh okay lol!!!
Isn't it funny how, the people who text you, are the people you DON'T want to hear from, and the ones you want to hear from DON'T text ya !
Pad Practice: Work on Singles, Doubles, Diddles, Flams, Drags & Buzz Strokes today on the pad while doing something else like TV.
OH in South MKE: "Could you write me out the www?" Took me everything not to laugh.
REMINDER: attendees under 18 print out a waiver from www.hidefdance.com & bring it signed by a parent or guardian OR have them sign you in!
Make it three
RT 6-day weekend was awesome. Back to the swing of things. Work, caring about my diet again, exercise. Yep.
I don't care what happens, I'm happy :)
Lee Vining is blustery. Bridgeport is for sale. Bodie is strangely tranquil. The despedida continues...
Rad!! People in NYC get confused that NY goes up that far. I was in Brooklyn this last weekend. Good times.
My bday party did numbers last night what a night thanks to all that celebrated with me both days and those who didn't your lost lol!
Hope everyone had a fabulous Thanksgiving weekend! Anyone else have a hard time waking up this morning??
how about we just teach girls confidence!
#1FactAboutMe I just want to be loved.......
Thx 4 the follow, Looks like you'll be fun to follow, 2, so I'm on it!
Hello May <U+E306><U+E030><U+E304>! Last month of school <U+E41D>
St. Patty's Day is Thursday! Are you going to wear green???? LOL ;) :) :) :) Happy Early St. Patty Day! <3 <3 <3 <3
you're welcome <3 & will do (:
Lmfao! RT EAT SO MUCH JENNY CRAIG TRY TO FIND ME
I hate feeling useless.
Don't let the weather dictate your mood! Happy Friday everyone :)
Friday iz gone b a wonderfull day!..
Don't forget that we are closed for lunch today. We will reopen at 3pm for happy hour.
Hey, come by the AccelerEyes exhibit tomorrow! We'd love to meet you :)
u kno I'm a crybaby, I almost cried lol
#FF One of my favourites because she has the #GUTS to says what she wants ... follow ... 'The Exes' is back in June! :)
Can't wait! MT #ParksandRec is back April 19th!
when is the test
That's hilarious. RT : My mom asked why would anybody want to join Iota Phi Theta? Haha. Good question momma
lacey is so sad tht she is gonna take a chair in to the shower ????? STRANGE MUCH ?? nah i would do the same lol
Brad Penny is about to take the mound at Comerica Park, could this be his last start as a Detroit Tiger?
Do you still think about me?
Oscar Week sale! T-shirts for $5, discounted concessions and posters on sale; 1 for $3, 2 for $5 and 5 for $10 while they last
I will never acknowledge the actual amount of time I've spent standing outside empty bathrooms because I pulled the door the wrong way.
I love how everyone decided to follow me while I was taking a test. My phone just keep going off.
There may be many fish in the sea....but there's only that one fish you always catch.
Baby its cold outside!
Stack em' high 's Kitchen for new Saturday pancake socials where chefs griddle your pancakes & you top with gourmet toppings
pretty sure you meant "unforrow"
“It would be rude not to eat her pie, which I assume is not only hot but also moist, although hopefully not flaky.” - Archer
trying out twttier from google wave sandbox
Hadn't eaten prosciutto in front of the pup 'til this morning. OH MY GOD. I think we have a Marie Prevost situation on our hands.
Just earned my 2nd ticket from BP. Too many fill-ups :(
TheFreshSnapback.bigcartel.com is where cheap snapbacks is! every thing is FREE SHIPPING Over 50 different styles!
yes because it is your hips that go side to side
"We are here. That is enough. For today." ~a Brazilian artist at 3am sitting in the middle of the Bolivian salt flats
the whole heavyweight division is a joke! Mayweather fight next week should be much better!
I'm not putting the soul in Soulfege today
Have any fun plans for Spring Break? What five things can you not leave home without?
Craft shows over, new year a coming, business is good thank you albuquerque for all that we have recieved. We look forward to 2010
i want it too say 'i love you(:'
start who?romo or cam?
RIP to Chuck Brown, he was just on my mind last night. He will always be known as the Godfather of
Thanks to all of those who came out tonight.
Just ordered my first legal beer!
captains don't make excuses
Civilian Review Board (2) the genesis was an ugly brawl between a black citizen and white cop ends up with the officer dead. What happened?
I don't know what's going around but it sucks majorly!
I kinda liked the dip into the "realness" of tripping on the last Mad Men. And I continue to think Peggy is me, in time-warp.
ha! After looking at all these old photos I wanna host a party again! :
“A man's true delight is to do the things he was made for.” ~ Marcus Aurelius
Holga or Diana?
ash lacquer...so it's very dark and goes well with everything.
looks like you've returned from Austin. Thinking I need a rundown on events and we both need a beer. Next week?
-and he wanted a piece with where we put on our smart-hats and talk about the intersections.
There is no better backdrop for a Bowl game than the San Gabriel Mountains. Stunning.
youre not a terrible person, you're just normal. Everyone makes mistakes! <3
I'm not too keen on Death Cab For Cutie, but that one sad song they have about the girl or whatever is pretty good, I guess.
Happy birthday to my beautiful bestfriend <3333
Nice. I so wanted to go to that, but had a conflicting appointment.
Do you dream in color or black & white ? hm
Your moms should have taught you better. It's not "Christian" or "conservative" to call people names or to deny health coverage.
That sounds like a wonderful day you've got planned, Stephane! Where are you shopping today?
love never seems to be enough...
Billboard Ready quote right here.....
lets go to black market tomorrow! =)))
another unanswerable question: are teens more narcissistic and more indifferent to privacy than in the past?
excited to see haven't seen you in forever....
Outstanding - "Alone" - article in 2/9 issue by TS Eliot winner John Burnside, showing difference of alone versus hiding.
Glad you like it! :-)
Want to Heat things up a Bit? Add some Spice to your life and Come in tonight at 8:30 for our SEXY Art of Seduction Class!
RT : Just got home from Incredible Pizza I had fun today
the meeting is over at 8:30.
Dear they are singing Africa by toto. I am disappointed
Welcome to Boston to celebrate with us!
You don't need to bring a partner—you'll hopefully make new friends in this class! Arlington, VA 22206
they're ok.
hell if I know haha
": I'm forever wanting a massage."
“: i know! Thank God I already know what happens... But I am such a PUNK right now! Lol”>>>lol ditto!
Had a great class this week. Love teaching and learning from the students. Student felt so empowered with info- great feeling!
Yeah bitch, yeah biatch call me steve o!
I #love the M+M commercials, they always make me chuckle :D
Nothing really lol you?
Listening to Dorinda Clark and Twinkie Clark "God Will Take Care of You" my mother would sing that song.
Hahahahaha! I love this! I love you girls!
Glad you're excited about #GH! Please give Liz some hot romance - we've been waiting for years!!
I cant believe you got into that dickament.
yeah, it's terrible. I'm in NY and I bought it off a guy in Sweden so the time difference makes contacting him hard too.
I know I was hoping they would in 6.
thank you for that friend :D means so much. i hope you're having a happy friday!
Big S/O to Atlanta's best engineers! and
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny, but in ourselves
unreal. Im praying for u.
DNR fish pond. Always captivating!
in fact...i've seen it...lol
Phil Schaap is my spirit eagle
so we got a ton of work done yesterday, it's starting to really come together. THANKS GUYS! The opening day is in six days.... WOAH!
Great day all around...!
told me to break a leg last week for my audition. I was thrilled. She is so pretty! I think I'm in love. Don't tell my wife!
I'm stevie wonderful I can't even see the haters lol
As an OnPoint member, you can use ATMs at our branches, most other CUs (on the CO-OP & MoneyPass networks,) US Banks and 7-11s for FREE.
That sounds great! RT: We have 1 ticket left to sponsor, If you girls are down we would be happy to sponsor for
what part of town? it's a big place!
Fuck. I'm high & tipsy.
Past Campus Superstar contestant Courtney Bassett stars in ! and we think thats worth tweeting about!
it was in a post you tweeted. Tool that will unfollow inactive and spam accounts and suggest new people to follow.
Listening to music while trying to get some schoolwork done.."/ not going to well "/ but I enjoy the music, always something =P
I hope the Nuggets crush Kobe and the Lakers
I love you to mom aha (:
I got a bad feeling about this.
what's with them? it's like they're The Man or something. looking forward to learning more about what you found on your trip!
who old are u 17?
WI GOP voters are sheep vying to be first in line to be slaughtered. They just don't know it yet.
good. Sounds like a plan
this dude sings strange fruit and its cool and stuff.
For the word of the LORD is upright, and all His work is done in faithfulness. Psalm 33:4
Lovecraft slowed me down on my New Year's Resolution, but I just finished April's book, *Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy*.
Some people think the only actors in are the 3 leads & all others are real townspeople. It's a mix. Good casting, Beth Sepko
Thanks 4 figuring that out! 12 time zones apart. Appreciate finding a new Rotarian who tweets!
Happy Friday Chicago! Rainy day, but at least its warm out:) Call 773-561-4444 if you need a cab in the city and 847-303-0303 in the burbs!
follow me follow me
My buddy literally went downtown to fit with a wrist brace after getting out of his hard cast. Pretty cool.
Can't wait for the #Social46 to be assembled. Indianapolis is producing the Most Connected Super Bowl Ever!
Thanks Michele! RT : I'm totally in love with your journals with a higher purpose. AWESOME product!
Big THANKs to the folks for the Pad & Quill iPad case. It'll definitely help keep the iPad safe in the saddle bags. Cheers
Brooks will face grilling from Leveson inquiry
Consider that my last piece of advice.
ARMY: It is generally inadvisable to eject directly over the area you just bombed
Excellent advice: MT Think of #tweetyourthesis thus: 1 min in elevator w/ funder/dept chair/pub. How do you pitch your work?
It will also lower your IQ a good 15-20 points.
Loving someone who doesn't love you is like waiting for a ship at the airport.
too early to get excited about pitt. steelers were 6-2 and super bowl bound at one point this year...
what happened this time? Lol
not sure if we can help- what do you need?
Habit is habit and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step at a time.
Went to coldstones, had starbucks went to walgreens got a big bag of candy, got in a shopping cart outside :D
aw thanks, but it's true.
WTH is up with the replay systems in GB & AZ?
softball time! ice will prob be moved from my ass to my arm tonight, I'm falling apart
yup. Time to take back control of the ticket markets.
oh that is awesome! It's storming like crazy here so no super moon for Austin. :(
That awkward moment a kid wants to watch your favorite movie but you know how inappropriate it is!!
Are the rangers sending that lineup out there today ?
Kansas City we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Oops. Way to GO Mississippi!
Always embrace laughter when it comes...humor will have your back
True for purpose of seeding; I was asking in terms of winning percentage.
hahah! We are working on them right now actually!
then I think "Little Evil" should take the 25 then!!!
I'm praying for you too lil sis! Go to moms & let the baby enjoy his 1st Easter w/his granny, great granny, grandpa, etc. (FAMILY)
haha. Paid in Full
TOMORROW NIGHT THE TRUCKS WILL BE AT SEMINOLE HARD ROCK CASINO. Don't forget to check out
OMG that's best song ever, well besides skinny dippin
Watching "Ghost Adventures" :)
Andrew Luck Reports to Indianapolis Colts Rookie Minicamp: Fan&#39;s Take
love all you guys times infinity
Someone please text me and keep me awake at work today, I'm failing at staying awake.
Avicii should be solid tomorrow night
I know! I saw u bait the hook! I thought u were nuts at first until I saw the pole almost fly out of your hand!
Lol! CAPS ;D
I just got of of giving a tech class to #early ed teacher. I'm glad I made it
I just want to know how you guys are promoting your online business besides twitter. skype me to tell me more ID gotthetrick later guys
i like their layout: www.lenta.ru
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom.
why are you two so cute?
Some friends are just not worth keeping!
I hate the word "relatable"
ESPN...You call the SPURS old yet their avg. age is 28...do your homework before dismissing the winningest team in ALL OF SPORTS since 2000
RT Remember, if you’re headed in the wrong direction, God allows U-turns!
it's nothing lol just annoying people. Don't worry bestfriend (: it's good now
Don't sacrifice your well-being to run a business. Actually don't sacrifice your well-being for anything!
Can't force what's not meant to be. *shrugs*
Just heard from one team that the promotion ceremony at #kiddieacademy in #fishers went off w/out a hitch! Congrats, ninjas!
lol nvm I'm slow. Hahah u were referring to me collecting applications for new bff's weren't u? LOL.
(continuing) when I return from my trip...lol
I havent "smashed" any of my followers .
It's not attractive when a female is needy.
I don't mind being alone...But I hate feeling alone...
More southsde DB #PINKMOSCATO luv, Torrence Liquors, Matteson Liquors and Cardinal Country Club Hills! Thanks, All around. Stop in get some!
so u said forget today huh? U sho rite cordae lol
aww thanks so much!! :) ps I miss you!
It's go-time for all the Early Birds out there. Don't miss our awesome deal of $5 fish & half-priced steaks - NOW until 6!
Um . . . yes. RT “Did you ever stop to think, and forget to start again?”<U+2015>A.A. Milne, born January 18, 1882
Ctahncnab, thanks for following!
A home is a place where you can dream!
Ashley Gone LEARN Though .
Im glad I love myself and know myself enough to not really let people gey under my skin, the only person who can really do that is my mom!
How did your upgrade to Moodle 2.2 go? We are doing the same at the end of summer.
Great pic - how is everything?
Nights like this I'm so glad I pay a bit more to have my car in the underground garage.
Oh no! Well we could teach you ; ) M Headcheese!
ewwwwwwww no snakes please
there was the day i married my wife, the day i had both of my kids and then the day i saw the Refused in NY.
ill be your valentinee (:
LOL I need to sleep
Got my 1st tech today. Reporter asked me if i was trying to spark my girls. No, but i learned refs dont like being called out in a quiet gym
how soon r u home
Did she really just pick the 'Shockers" to win it all
This NYTimes article on the attrition of STEM majors makes me want to write a rebuttal showing what I did to stay an engineer. You have to …
What is the worse thing a human being can experience? The worse thing to have to deal with? A broken heart is at the top of my list.
Can't wait till new Country recording artist Thorne Avery's debut album releases. www.t
I did know about on Twitter, thanks.
Hello summer. Fuck yeah!
yay! we can't wait to see you too :) RT Stoked to see yall on Friday!!!
Boy O Boy Life Is Complicated
I wonder...MT Are e-reading devices fueling the reading habit or is the habit fueling the acquisition of devices?
Time to shine up that pole, 4 days 'til Festivus.
Can not believe this clippers game is close. What the hell happened, I guess go
I'm trying to find some Brown for the game tonight.
when you gon be ready?
Naval Open Source INTelligence: Top NATO official defends ...
Not the old man part... the finishing!
Am I the only person that see a possible Super Bowl matchup between the Baltimore Ravens & Green Bay Packers?
Fight Club with the wife of
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club. - Jack London
“: Congratulations Don! What an honor....well done for sure! #” // Thanks!!! Now on to selling the next book!
Good pick! Loved Hugo!
hahaha i love you
Wow..... that's ridiculous.
that garbage is too easy. it says whatever a person wants to hear. if u look for problem guess what ul find? looking 4 love? well whatever
i work at bullshit dennys where everything is not wonderful :-) and sure whenever i see you. what kind?
50 bucks says I fall asleep on my break at work today lol!
Have you just bought a "fixer upper" house for a bargain price? I can show you how to fix'er up without giving up all the money you saved
then she said she was worried because he was talking non stop and not responding to her questions...asked him if he hit his head...
Why were you not lobbying for National Grilled Cheese Day to be other than during #Passover??
THE READY SET! Amazing .
Thanks for following & Welcome!!
thank you for the well wishes! I look at the move as a new chapter of my life :-) oh the suspense!
DeSoto's Harris: There are still tough decisions to make on cuts. Nothing easy next year.
#HungerGames!!!!!1 Are you going tonight?
Great! See you then. You can use on of our new farm tables!
What's scary is how many of our "representatives" just don't care about women and their rights, or even logic & facts.
Another day....another demon.
big thanks to all our new followers...slow growth is still progress!
Oakland just isn't what it used to be..
I totally want to go on #FearFactor!! I bet I could AT LEAST get half way! Lol.
would understand situation. Stinks if he played his last game in GB, but even DD knows it is a possibility.
Amazing weekend at the OSC now onto the Congress www.miamisalsacongress.com
so excited for this-->RT : Tonight is my favorite ONCE ep for Emma so far! And Sebastian Stan is amazing as the mad hatter!
As a developer, how do you respect privacy without breaking the bank? A: make mistakes, hit it big #path style & fix later
Hieber’s can compound 40% Urea ointment for effective and pain free nail removal – call 412-681-6400 today!
Had not. Funny stuff. I might offer a "Down 3-0 in the First Inning? No Problem!" panel. Go, Johan.
Infineon will no longer be the sponsor of the 'Sonoma Raceway' - formally known as Infineon Raceway. #rename #vroom!
Still mourning 101st Airborne Div soldier Darrell “Shifty” Powers' death; a WWII hero immortalized in Stephen Ambrose's “Band of Brothers."
A friend is someone who will help you move. A GOOD friend is someone who will help you move a dead body.
See u tonight at !
#HappyBirthdayProdigy :D! #TeamMindless loves you and wishes you the happiest of birthdays :)! Hope you day is filled with lots of joy <3!
Thank you all so very much!
Waiting to see if you would finally txt. Lol whatever.
My wish for you.. <3
I'm just letting you know right now that I'm not coming to a Star Wars wedding.
Wow!!! I haven't been on for alittle while and I got alot mor followers!:) P.S if I didn't follow any of you back please tell me!(:
But.... This is basketball. RT : Why y'all mad that OKC balking though?!
I voted for Germany even tho I live in the USA lol bc Ik there Are germany mahomies that want to meet you!!!
Sipping The Macallan 12 year old Scotch. Wonderful stuff!
Scarier than not being able to trust someone else is not being able to trust oneself.
- The best
On another note. Freshmen formal sucked (apparently just for me. I always make myself miserable. Why).
Broader Measure Of Unemployment In Nevada Shows Slight Improvement In First ... - Lahontan Valley News
This draft is shaping up very well for my franchise
Often ideas for innovation in one area come from interest in another.
Corp counsel: Greatest form of "impairment" = not getting payment. When look at package, this enhances. We believe passes const muster.
Skill is the unified force of experience, intellect and passion in their operation
Looking for examples of successful collaborations by museums & public to create new knowledge. Rain=perfect day for writing.
Watching this nasty bitch shoot up heroin on
I want a jetpack
So if somebody makes a bunch of money it's because the government let them? You're scaring me.
RT LaDainian Tomlinson gets a standing O and chants of "L.T.! L.T." as he's introducted at Seau memorial service.
OU loses top RB to A&M, Texas loses this guy to Mizzou. Anyone in the Big 12 scared yet about recruiting against the SEC now?
“: i want something new and different and fun for lunch today. any ideas?” indian or better yet breakfast for lunch!
help us get that political will going! We can at least make them recognize that they need to consider the baseball fans, too.
Good morning ! I'm looking forward to our Marketing course this summer. Thank you for sending us the textbook info in advance!
Girl your crazy i do work during the day!lol Next time!:)
BC Kentucky is THE BEST!!!!!!!!! Cats > Jayhawks ALWAYS
Good luck with the teething! And break a leg with the preso!
5 mins later...boom goes the dynamite.
We're in! The #Preservation Road Show will be in #Seattle at for a panel + Q and A on Sun May 27 @ 11 am.
Hey guy in the '96 stock mustang convertible cutting everyone off...cool car
np, enjoy..and if you do join the FBI...you can help us get MM's case re-opened and her death cert changed ;)
have stayed up all night in a row for two days since being troubled with insomnia.
You won a spot in the seminar w. talent agent Nancy Curtis this Saturday at 2pm. Call us to book your slot. 212.239.3198
indeed brother. I can't believe I was ever so stupid to breed with such a scab
Was Nutella marketing itself as healthy? That's the only reason I can think that someone might think its good for you.
Thank you so much! You are off the list. Please let us know if you get any additional e-mails!
YES!!!! It is Wednesday!!!
For Private Parties & Booking contact: .love.
I have it in my spotify playlist but never paid attention thanks! :) RT have you heard the song "Yuri Kochiyama"
I want some Taco Bell
Thanks for rt Nicole. Have a great weekend!
yeah, no.
That was a joke. I'm not even wearing a shirt. Could get messy.
Thanks for all the updates ! America monsters are dying hahah
Hi! :) Hope your doing ok.
Interviewer: "I've heard GLEE rumors." Greyson: "I...uh...I'm hoping. I would love to be on GLEE."
I already got it done
Today is my last day working this late shift. Finally I will have a more normal schedule.
still got fire works from the forth now thats a damn shame
It's my pleasure to profile you!
Hey you there sean buddy
me too ,ilovee doingg that!! muhahaha. iwass looking at niall's twitterr. ((: it gets me mad when people are mean to him !
Nice seeing Chris Pressly at the Reds game
Saw you for only 30 mintues but it doesnt matter, i missed you.
sit down right now and go to sleep
The Heat are giving up? Seriously? What a joke.
You made me smile and I wish you were here with me right now. Nah really I'm just pissed cause you ain't down.
I guess it's cool that I hit every red light on my way to pick this up. Cool.
Bored? Need a laugh? or a heaping dose of insanity? Check out and read until you're hysterical, shocked, or frightened
managed to put in 5 miles on the treadmill while at the same time peruse facts about 9/21
what tips wld you give for toning legs & reducing fat around the thighs/hips if squats are hard due to arthritis in knees?
Audience shown 30 Days clip where West Virginia Christian lived with Muslim Americans in Dearborn, Mich. Stares, security checks
Happy New Year!
#FF tweets we enjoy reading:
i am Cool today is my birthday and my skype Samuel.Okotie
My favorite saying from Rozay
8 groundball outs through 4 innings for #Rockies starter Alex White.
On my Nina Simone vibe today
IF U SEE THIS I HOPE U REPLY THANKS LOVE U
My U.S. final exam starts in less that 1 hour...I hope my students studied over the weekend.
63 degrees would be fine. 73 would be a tad warm but also fine. 93, no. Thank you, I don't want to melt.
that's cool.
getting to d money what look like n yo world
Oh that's just rude! Sick day? Lol JK. Toni Morrison isn't paying your bills.
Gear store is open today? Not sure what you're looking for exactly. Call me if need be :)
Comforting.. RT : 2011 has been the safest year ever to fly, with one passenger death per 7.1 million air travelers.
People are Shady... A diamond watch dissapeared from my house. I feel like a ghetto Paris Hilton.
manufacturers, distributors, designers, mechanics, and people on production lines. Many jobs needed saving.
It's amazing what people say... It's phenomenal what they sing!
What kind of people write, "Horrible" or "work overpriced" in an #art exhib guest log? Like art or not, OK, but this behavior disgusts me.
Those books look fun!
Singer songwriter series will take place from 7pm - midnight
naw they have to test you in shit
Always the moocher. That's me.
have I told u lately..... Y'ALL ROCK!!!!
followed!(: are you from Miami?!;o <3
hey, thanks for the shout!
At the hospital.
Excellent Austin-area intern! will travel MT am looking for more exp. for my ex-intern, book pub w/ emphasis in digital.
Will you marry me ?
How. Just how.
Love your video and your message. Please follow so that we can talk more about your music! :) thanks
Thanks for coming! Loved seeing you!
I absolutely LOVED it! :) I LOVE #LostGirl! :) Thank you. :)
First NHL playoff game tonight!!! Who do you think will pull it off #PhillyFlyers or #PittsburghPenguins ?? Come to to watch!
why would you need to share a calendar with my wife?
Happy Birthday !!! Hope you have a AMAZING DAY! Enjoy! Love ya! #Mahomie <333 YOU'RE AMAZING <3
Is any San Diegan not an #Aztecs fan today?
Business in the garage
Jedi mind trick just not gonna do tonight. I don't have the willpower.
ha, we both recommended the same website! RT : Hey Thanks for asking. This is a good article
excellent! when will you be around? ross suggests that i say hello, if you're around when i'm back
mine was great too! Thanks
mike - since when are you tweet savvy! I'm lovin it!
awesome! We look forward to meeting you!
Sleep! Goodnight :))
IMO sports news audience has become so focused on instant gratification, interaction because of Twitter. Can't ignore that audience.
3 auditions today. Check! Is it bad that in the last one I wanted all 5 of us in the room to book that one? ;)
have gone from 5th in NL fielding % in 2009 to 14th this year. Id say they are sliding the wrong direction under "fundamentals" Jim
Thanks for the advice. Any reason for Celek over Davis? Davis played pretty well against PIT last week.
want to punt my mac into a canyon right now
i know i miss it so much! hopefully my dad will give up and see that i'm "better" and let me come back on
People should be allowed to love and marry whoever the hell they want. It's 2012. HELLO!!!
ahahahah jackiee i love how you tweeted CNN in that last tweet?!?!?
I have never wanted something to end so bad in my life! You & Have a happy Easter =D
I just assumed tweeting his name was a joke within itself.
I wonder what is doing
Whats up buddy?
Back to some intence painting... WOking some studies too for a couple paintings I am excited about.
Everything is cool ! Just finishing up some work. I was on my way to the site.
God asks us to focus on Him by being faithful to what He has called us to do. Stay focused. Stay grounded. Stay committed to His call.
shoot me the pic that it should have on it and what ever info should be on it and shoot it over to
Great meeting you as well. Hopefully our paths cross again soon.
Prepare 4 monster line @ Portland's Voodoo Doughnut. ItKs GREAT but word is out
But how much did u lose?
Plus, I was one of your first thousand followers! Either way, still love ya!
The spirit of God is w/ me thru it all! :)
Thanks for the RT If you were staying with us we'd send you over priced food and give you a room with bedbugs :D
can u please follow me back please :)
Good morning buddy. Looking forward to finally get this started!
I didn't awaken to numerous #WSJ email alerts exclaiming the dismal performance of overseas stocks today. No news is good news, I hope.
If I'm getting rowdy with my own teammates. Y'all don't even know how I'm gonna get against the opposite team!
hahahaaah right?! People here are too confident.
mm x x x x x XX
Bitch, who do you think I am?
lmao txt me :) or dm me ya number
I don't feel sorry for Hamels....not one tiny little bit total D-Bag thing to do.
Thank you, Marina.
I was totally there today
So much for springtime <U+2639>
Four people can ride for the price of one, and the ride is private, that is for you only.
I told you I had an extra one!!
But it's Cinco de Mayo! We hope you enjoyed.
#kids Kids Gardening at McGinnis Sisters Special Food Stores, Sat, May 5 11:00a: Spring is here! Bring the little ones by for a Kids...
are we on for tomorrow? looking forward to it! :)
Joe&#39;s Health Calendar 5/3/12 Walk More Eat Less
Parasites are among the monogamous animals on the planet
ok great! Let me know when you are coming! :D
bouut to spend time w. him & the bby :)
In case you were wondering: the appropriate time to crack open a loko on the drive to Vegas is as soon as you get on the 15 right?
you and your pizzas! Always make me hungry!
u dont like me #ohreally I DONT GIVE A DAMN U FUCKTARD!!!
APD leaves their cars running all day, tax payers buy the gas! fuck it! : who warms up their vehicle in 60 degree weather?!
It's a great day to be home!! Lots of errands, and unpacking. Oh.... And the gym!!
This week is so hard ;(
is this a weekly occurance?
Dancing to survivor with
that was a great report, I sat in my car in driveway - couldn't get out until I listened to the whole story! Thx for your work!
RT : FAITH is brightest in the midst of the darkest night! Faith is to believe that which is UNSEEN until it becomes SEEN!
haha and srry for all the hate ppl are giving u gtg bed school tmrw ugh -__________-
Chispa is proud to announce that we are #socialmedia partners for the Women’s International Holistic Conference July 13th!...
what u listen to juicy
you can file for a emergency unemployment which will extend it for another 3 to 6 months but then that's it.
coulrophobia - fear of clowns - not a laughing matter
So bored
University of MD says guard Terrell Stoglin has been suspended. He's off the team
The postman just urinated in someones garden....
This is a story about a girl named Lucky.
Rain kept me from taking photos for the next Richmond Monuments so I began writing the mini-series. 6 finished. Next up, character sketches.
It's near the top of my list. Frequently recommended. You should give me a ride there when I go!
you only tweet me to promote yourself? you know what fuck you, FUCK YOU
Drama drama drama smh
Did you forget that Egypt fired on Hamas already??
Eating dinner with dads buddy
Going to be a great day for 's Happy Hour at Pints Party Pub & Patio in downtown DSM. Going to be a blast! Hope to see you there.
Love when my mom goes through my closest and has a speech for each thing I haven't worn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I can NOT believe broke up with me during the holidays. Where is ?
I live in Va Beach Virginia doing social media marketing for a few companies in Dallas TX. What collectibles do you sell?
yep almost half the bottle.
how can i checkout the product.
were you on MTV's True life? and follow back? please (:
Have a wonderful day today! :)
If they won like TCU and Boise they would be RT Question - is Air Force, Wyoming, or UNLV relevant outside their own fans?
HAHA Same to you, friend! Hope it's a good one!
RT : Hey #NCGenZ Today is charity Tuesday.Check out these great charities:
G'Night <3
Thanks for sharing the link! Most excellent.
I don't like Selena but my prayers go out to her & her family nobody deserves to have something like that happen to them.
Going to bed soon.
yes... uselessness.
Coming up at the bottom of the hour on a special recall election for WI Governor Scott Walker. has that.
he'd be a great love interest for Tatum.
#question What would you like to see from a HVAC twitter account? Tks for any advice!
let's get it
can I get happy birthday to my sister shes a hugee fan. Thankyou. :-)
Wha! Which part?
Thanks Rob : : Have a fantastic aloha Friday
All caught up with client work!! yay!
And just think how much safer the Source Awards will be once this technology becomes ubiquitous.
6b Design has 3 new freelance partners, we have 6 new clients, & I have a new web dev job with a local software company = busy!
thanks bud. Next LA trip we need to catch up!
Very soon! That's the answer of a not very sure person. : When are we gonna get to hear some new jams, dudes?
Follow my personal ! (:
At workshop on Collective Scholarship in Digital Contexts #scms12 St. James room w/ and more
playing Just Dance 3... This Game Is A Work Out ( <U+FF65>`<U+03C9><U+FF65>´)
True Born Records m
I just made mango curd!...and thinks it tastes like tomatoes...
The incense 4 #thevirginmary is rose scent! #StMatthew got #Strawberry what does that say about Matthew?
please follow she is you biggest fan!38
spam spam spam lakers fucking suck die
How Have You Been ???
See ya next season, Chicago Bulls.
I always save the best for last.
well thanks !
House show on November 4th. $4. Be there or be square. Details later
Really, really Good! RT : How good are you willing to have it?
“: When students study with a partner it encourages their brains to engage at a higher level." 1 reason why coaching works!
If you love gymnastics, you should watch videos of
Saturday - Pipers, Santa Fe, Tour, Fens Liquor Beat the Clock. RT if you agree.
You are selfish and caddy grow up.
got tix to four shows today -> / and / billions and billions / the life and times
Dr. Laura said 10 years apart is to big, you'd have nothing in common, I totally disagree. I like this formula much better.
wanted to suggest a "Game of Loans" one last week, but couldn't decide between two options (forthcoming)
Can this be the last season for Royce on #BBW ? She's accomplished a lot since the show but she's snooze city!!!! Just irrelevant
Aaaaaaannnnd now you see why Rodgers is the true MVP!
try some amaro Nonino, just pull back on the sugar. Or malort and sloe gin (1/5:4/5) as horrible as that sounds.
My mom always has something to bitch about in the morning.
Just saw a South Carolina farmer ask Tom Vilsack if he wanted to take a photo with her 30 lb. sweet potato. He said no.
Just saw the season 2 trailer for teen wolf...I deff just creamed
if I want to shoot a music video for you. Who would I need to talk to?
Be scared be very scared.... TORC is here!!!
Doh! was thinkin' of doing this 2!! RT Amazon's Jeff Bezos vows to recover Apollo 11 engines from ocean
Happy Friday! Well deserved
This test really will be the death of me....
Ready. TEDdy. Go!
About to click buy on a box and Live TV Tuner.
Happy Valentine's Day, G!
I hate earthquakes
Registration deadline for summer programs is Friday!
Where is your #date? mydateishere.com #online dating
Life's a bitch but I can be a bigger one at times
too bad we lost though!!! Hey I need followers get people to follow me!!!
What You Want Me To - Paradise Fears
National Rosacea Society
sleep eludes me.
Really #Hawks? There's still a minute and a half left. You scored way too early!!!! Looks like more free hockey (in low-def).
it just makes me upset. vins not there & they're performing. he was a part of the crew too. I love julian. but that should be vinny.
Long block art class
It's a job that's never started that takes the longest to finish. J. R. R. Tolkien
lol <U+30A4><U+30E4><U+30FC><U+30FC>!oh yeah! Did I tell you I'm most likely going to move to San Jose? <U+30D0><U+30F3><U+30B6><U+30A4>!!LOL
Guess i should be used to this by now.
I don't even know what goes on in my brain. It's too much.
can't say the same for
Freaking Grey's Anatomy!!! I don't think I can wait a whole week for the next episode!!!
Glad to hear it, I'll be keeping an eye out for sure! Yours had been the best I've found
To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.William Shakespeare
Eighteen doesn't feel any different.
LOL. You caught me.
You hit me like a subway train And I will never be the same
Productive meeting in Beckley this morning on fixing the drug problem
Great ? re: Twitter ongoing research. Have #dh friends who blog their process, share demos/other planning docs.
well little girls decide to steal my sayings lol ;)
alright sounds good we will be awaiting your arrival...and probably already pretty drunk by then
You're right! I just saw a patch of blue sky!!!!
RT : The balloon glow is cancelled. The air show and fireworks will happen soon as the winds die down. (via )
OMG IM GETTING CRAZY ......... DID JELENA BROKE UP....??? SOMEONE PLZZZ TELL ME ! :"(
Hahahah I think I might have an idea
One trillion dollars could buy a lot of salt. One trillion dollars and I'll buy myself a malt
hahaha i just ran into my slider door lol
Go out and support our friends in Lets Get It! Their new album came out today!
Thanks new followers!
Okay, I give you props for that :D
Happy Birthday Kaitlyn! <3 Hope ur having fun in Florida !
So The Boondocks don't come on no more? Since when? Just last week I was staying up til 2:30 to watch it. Shameful.
Pens play the Flyers @ 7:30 while the Pirates play the Cardinals at 7:05 (ROOT). There's something to be said for bars with multiple TVs.
Whats going on with everyone? wheres the party at tonight?
Making a pizza! :D
she thinks she runs this shit, no honey you don't!
Wake County Schools Wake Forest-Rolesville Senior Covers President Obama's Arrival at RDU: bit.ly/p08nsZ
That is awesome! Congrats to Sara!
Can you help us with the digital divide here in DC? One of our goals for 2011
Lets work
thank u 4 following followers
4 hours to do my hair danm:(
Haha :( sorry ill buy you one ;) :) better ?
Seriously, her affection for you is mystifying. Not that you're without your charms...
I had colts to cover at +10, seemed like an easy choice to me.
. v. curious about details. discussing "topic modeling as discovering clusters of possible worlds" sounds too good to be true.
can u dm me
Ever leave me around your bitch imma get her stoned...
You lost all your friends and now hang out with people you used to spit so much shit about
Both Paul Costa and Jay Costa were really kind to me!
#justrememberthat time is money
Hello Mark! What commercial classes do you recommend?
producing tracks for coming soon
so do we!
how come?
maybe, maybe not. You'll just have to wait and see..err smell
I was just thinking nap time too!!!
DUDE!!! Is there more than 2 tickets ;D if there is YOU BETTER INVITE ME!!!!!
Haven't been on Twitter much :[ Will be on more during the summer though! Which is in about a week! :D
The band Rush got their name because they were in a rush to pick a name before their first gig.
FOLLOW HER PPLZ
What happened to April??
I've joined 4 in 2 weeks!!....I can't anymore...(For now) haha
is enjoying her Birthday!!! Many thanks to all the people who are making me feel so special!!! <3 <3 <3
hair dresser tip: mix a packet of sweet'n'low in your toner (and bleach) and it will hurt less!
Gerbils with spikey shoes were tapdancing on my throat again last night. I support their creativity but my throat hurts now.
haha nice! Who's teaching it?
awesome! so I was looking at your advertising, do I just buy and do everything from the buy/sell website?
RT : "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
Will I be able to watch the game on Time Warner Milwaukee?
No. It was at our Firehouse, as in Firehouse No. 7 on SE 11th and Stark. Sorry! That hadn't even occurred to us.
Meeting talented young #journalists from across the country at the Nat'l HS Journalism Conv. #hsjSEA Just met Maysyvelle from Hawaii!
#Bibliobash was f$&@"ing awesome. I LOVE .
"love is for squares... And the gays..." - hahaha
Haven't tweeted in a while--writing a computer budget at work has been draining. Reading & responding to 27 Survey Monkey surveys too.
When Science Goes to the Dogs is being held at the Tutt Branch Library on January 27th at 4:30pm. All ages welcome.
yes we do! Chocolicious, a too ibis and chocolate blend, and a Chocolate Oolong.
I've managed to mess up everything I touched today...this tweet took 9 attempts. Maybe a nap will cure this.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone hope you all have fun an are safe today/tonite...btw what u all doing... :-)
Stoked about Coachella! Not happy that there is no where to stay at this point!..let me know if you got a pad near venue.I've got $..
says Happy Holidays!
It is! The tart flavors make a refreshing iced drink :) That sounds like it would also be great iced.
probably the same guy who emailed us saying he didn't want fries on his burger & was denied. #drunk. Glad you dug the special!
how are you tonight...my social media goddess?
teachers who move through lessons TOO fast <
in aspen for the week.
there was a Ben Franklin in the box when I went by earlier! An iPad is a MUCH better prize.
I have like 5 coconut trees in animal crossing im making bank and ima plant more *3*
"Who's Afraid of Gender-Neutral Bathrooms? Trans Hyper-/In- Visibility in Public Space."
OH: my one regret in life is that I didn't go to law school after college.
I got rejected by Ben Relles.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
RT : You Are Worth The Wait!! ~ #Amen! Our bodies are sacred and should be treated as such.
atleast everyone in avon is...Cody Brown
Reluctantly trying to sleep. My body and my mind can't figure it out..... S' gonna take awhile.
so hows it going
RT if u would like to be in video"Rainman" off our new album"DallasMostWanted" feat b famillia and ...bad bitches only!!
Video shoot today wit the team
ITS FRYHIIIIIIGH DAY !
Already talking like a hick!
no but they got high on drugs commiting sins lol
haha I'll bet u did
Excited to be at CA State Library Public Library Summit!
Stupid concussion.
So I'm out earlier for Cinco de Mayo and I overhear a girl ask: How do you say 'si' in Spanish? It wasn't the booze, trust me.
Amen! RT : Great class last night w/ a talk from & from on effective campaigns
Constructing a neighborhood starts with building the first house
GUYS: a happy woman makes a happy home. So treat her right.
Can't give up on Iran, Israel & Syria. - JDG
$PASO D-PAS technology enables healthcare organizations to streamline and digitalize day-to-day paperwork processes.
So #BlackTwitter How did y'all feel about the Rupert Murdoch/News Corp Phone Hacking scandal, or did that news not hit here?
tufehscnvsadouj there was just an announcement on the radio about the big time summer tour with you omg
Man Hate it when your parents make a big deal out of Hickeys ! Like damn
Maybe some UPenn Wharton MBA students can figure it out....IVY League Business guys never lose people money hahahaha
kids shouldn't be paraded around like that
My Co-Worker is literally blaring Beyonce in her office. I think I love her!! :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 30
#BradPitt is SO HOT in that movie!!!
Bill Horn swears by "dousing," a divine-inspired way to find water for a well. UCSD engineering prof: "I wouldn't recommend using it"
Didn't win the Celeb Qualifier raffle? That's ok, you can still enter our $55 Qual tonight @ 7p! 2 seats to the $450 Celeb Tourn guaranteed!
Wild Workouts & Wellness is proud to announce that we have been at our 2469 S. Kinnickinnic Ave location now for ONE year! Time flies...
#Superbowl Sunday = measuring my workout by drinks I can now consume today instead of miles ran
this is so ridiculous... but im so intrigued
interesting! Would love to see what new design approaches are applied to maps in the future.
lol you know you will be the first to know buddy!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who doesn't wait for the storm to pass...I dance in the rain!! :)
Happy #NFLDraft day! Good luck 2 all the #Longhorns in this year's draft
American Reunion time. Hopefully Jim gets a 2nd shot at that pie
I got another yr and a half. I prob won't be back that way til may
Had a dream that me and went to Warped Tour together :')
Tusk always makes me feel good on a Sunday night
So u and Kristen are going to be at Royal?
Thanks for following Good reads and listens that provide a good contrast to the creative type.
really I need to see you! Hate it when ur a far
I already know #Instagram is going to be
All-nighter with the roommates? Accomplished. we are AWESOME.
I hate sun burn...omg I am never going tanning again...maybe.
twin!!!!! IMY !!!! Lets get drunk and happy again son <3
Im a bi-fold wallet kind of guy.
awesome! Your dog?
Metro trains are single-tracking between Van Dorn and Franconia for track work.
Yeah my cousins are flying in today so i didnt feel like going to work
Chris Bosh out so what, its not he was gonno do anything to Hibbert or KG anyways
thanks for the shout out!
obviously her parents feel the same way. Poor baby is all I can say. No justice for her.
We help your video gain that viral status it needs to be seen all around the world.
Interesting point - mousedown is an exploratory action, sort of a cognitive extension of mouseenter. Did not think of that.
Headed to #BCU tomorrow what's up
boyfriend grading papers. shirtless. i'm not allowed to molest him. i can't wait to teach a class of my own so i can pay him back for this!
Mar 20, 1922: H.A.L. Fisher: "Winston says country longing to get back to party conflict, but cannot afford it."
Wish you had stylists in #SanDiego!
": God doesn't always deliver us "from" things; often He walks us "through" them."
This Saturday at 10 a.m., 9/4- More Than the Score lecture, Wahoowa: The History of Virginia Cavalier Football at Alumni Hall! Register now!
Stephen Greenblatt's The Swerve (on the reception of Lucretius in the Renaissance) won the 2012 Pulitzer for General Nonfiction today.
Just saw #thedescendants. Thought it was excellent
Schools creepin up quick.
so true haha
Let me call this fool back
I rather enjoy the British tendency to use the word "reckon.l
I have a four-hander that's a small quiet thing. But it's one I'm really proud of. I like small, quiet.
Rent in Metro Atlanta? Want to buy a home? Light on Cash? Tweet me to find out about downpayment assistance up to $60k! ATL is on SALE 2DAY!
Jones vs Evans
I love 's ears lol they're huge :-)
survey design+mini ethnography+hypothesis testing= one final exam?
Cool I got a tan, but its a tank top tan and now my arms are brown and my legs are still white -_-
the innbetween should be open later before finals
thanks for coming on, man. great stuff!
Can’t wait for this session of the writing mastermind with …just a few more minutes!
Today is Skelvis' Birthday ! Show him you care by insulting him in the blog section. (That's what he wants for his birthday)
Feel the same way...really I do.
no doubt
#FF Check out these #tobaccofree tweets
We have been using that like crazy - we found some great stuff!
#alt-ac or #alt-ACK?! How can we support hybrid folks and get to a place not so self-conscious or defensive about job choices?
I was in the sun too much today. My face feels hot and I'm pretty sure I got a little sunburnt.
Craziness again! The EURO NIGHT is back <3
my email is
I don't have any, doctors told me I was born without them.
Lol at white radio djs trying to navigate around saying "N*ggas in Paris"
Just don't understand people! Celebrate in a peaceful manner. Don't destroy property!
On a flight with DJ Shadow. This cougar in first class is a little too excited.
MD historic preservation app review down to days versus months. Get those apps in!
Rat tat tat tat on yo dum dum drum the beat so fat gonna make me..
Facebook buys Instagram. Looks like was right after all :)
begins today ! We've been working hard to bring you lots of awesome shows! Well I haven't been, but other people have!
girl you need to hop in them too cuz we go harder then them sweatpants period stain the Kelsey Sowers be rockin, #<3
I definitely feel like Im home!
Ugh. I'm so tired.
A very real loss! You may be surprised how these people can be woven back into your life over time! He holds the future!
i need more space, so i gotta stop by and get a memory card and a new phone cover, be droppin my shit everywhere
Yeah I don't think I am getting one of those anytime soon or maybe ever. Ha.
you are welcome here anytime you want!!!!
HE SAID I WAE CUTE !
Hey all! This questions is for the folks that are 40 and over. When you guys turned 40 did your body start falling apart? LOL
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy by letting him/her know that u love thm
Thanks! I didn't know that.
Ah, thanks - I implemented it for error collection but was hoping at some point things like validators would catch up
Good morning...humans.
Have you heard anything bout the league and union coming to a handshake agreement on all major issues??
you should get your scrapple on more than once a year!!
Which burger did you order?
Um, I think that means you should make yet another contrbution to the swear jar...
RT : Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.. (via...
Anyone with an IQ over 4 should know One Direction won't be popular anymore by 2015.
.... Blow the whistle
If we can judge at all from the smiling faces and excited voices, everyone is having a great time tonight!!
The get together was too much fun yesterday.
"I pray they see more of You and less of me"
glad to see im not the only person vybin right now...
Not inert? Mostly true. Mental component? Bullshit. RT Matter is not inert.There is a mental component to it at every level
I've got rehearsal today. Had to behave a little bit.
Tryna go to sleep but this #lightning won't stop! Keeping me awake.
Currently Reading Virtual spiders crawl by to beat phobias
Loved the show! Thanks for bringing it to Madison. See you next time the tour comes through.
My only hope for the spring game is that nobody gets hurt. And I just jinxed it.
X-Men: First Class was awesome, but about 2/3 of the way through someone yells and sounds just like Navi from the Zelda games. Just sayin.
Hey, excited to be a part of this group! Matthew
Lol I got you...FedEx! RT : send me some
if it doesnt apply....let it fly away!!!
The wealthiest in a democracy bear a particular financial responsibility for the society's upkeep
Tremendous action at Gates TC as #55 DU is taking on UU. Doubles on now, singles coming up.
": No matter what we’ve done or where we’ve been, every single one of us can change"
Sup Fam! Good Job Today At The Shoot! Follow Back!
That dinosaur don give a fuck he's Eatin yo ass....
I'm goin into another surgery. Da doctor sed I might not be able to dance eva again :"( bye
Trop50 red orange = confusing. Blood Orange too difficult to market, even though it's technically correct?
hey there.. The Free Slice of Pizza promo ended today, but we have a new promo starting tomorrow, check in he morning for updates.
On air! SAXAppeal! georgetownradio.com, click "Listen Live"
Ordering a shirt off the Stand GRAND website and never washing it because Vinny touched it with his own hands.
my bed makes me =) cuddle time with the pup!!!!!!!!! (via ) lady knowz I dont cuddle pffftttt
Urgh! Still haven't adjusted to east coast time.
“There is nothing which can better deserve our patronage than the promotion of science and literature.” ~ George Washington
you spelled my name wrong. d: but, what time? I'm down.
That whole sentence made me literally "lol." The hashtag was the icing on the cake!
We thought you had class on Mondays! Next time we won't assume. Going tomorrow! Rsvp here w emoticons
Just won 10 dollars on scratchers oh yes
Thanks for the support, here's to a great #JAM2012, we could not do this without your participation, we appreciate you all!
Hey Nashville - Don't miss at the Grand Opening of the new Wal-Mart at 100 Oaks (2421 Powell Ave)! Wed., Jan. 25th, 4pm-6pm!
mr. Brown lol
going to hell 4 that one...lol
Waking up from a nightmare with an awful headache. Not being being able to go back to sleep. <<
I want more <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0095> thoo
"For who can know himself, and the multitude of subtle influences which act upon him?" -- John Henry Cardinal Newman _Apologia Pro Vita Sua_
its to much goin on and durell is a lair im done with him
if i have to eat another jello i'm throwing it at someone
going out tonight?
Where did you get those chips? Ace hardware?
it's so good. All I want right meow.
Your future depends on your dreams. So go to sleep.
I was disappointed that no one stamped my Yola's iPhone app when I grabbed my coffee & food at
I saw your concert... I saw your dad... I watch all your ustreams and I know what you've been through #NoHate love you.... -MB
Its all about SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY! King Yellowman, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor, Prof Nuts, Leroy Sibbles n more!...
Sox won that game despite seven errors!!
Yup.. Back in PA.. Still sucks. Yea, good thing I have no choice!
we know you do
thanks dear, won't know if it worked until tomorrow. work schedule has been nuts, thanks again!
Has anybody on here had experience implementing #RedBean in a production environment?
Re-feed day! No counting calories, protein, carbs or fat
Grow your #Business now with #Social #Marketing from !
Sugarhill is looking to streamline the government procurement process, and my god could it use it...
Communication is one of the main keys for a successful relationship.
hahahaha I love that
lol, you took my friend Eryn's phone and took a picture of yourself! its funny cause i do that all the time with my friends:)
BioOne celebrates the 9th anniversary of our official launch in 2001. Thanks to the support of our board, partners, and supporters!
what is your favorite piece of Art ???
Every time I hear More Than a Feeling by Boston I feel the need to shred the air drums
I think its rude to dancers
please follow me! Xoxo
"Shumpert was the best rookie on the KNICKS. He's the ROY."
were you saying workout love
taking niquil. I'm gone
So thirsty...
umm yes just wished a buddy back to UAL in Dulles today. I haven't put any bids in to return....yet
Y Living: Make getting fit fun with friends or family. Plan one physical activity event, like a bike ride or hiking, with a group each week.
Greg Shibley will be here tonight playing Acoustic Guitar from 7pm to 9pm.
Cool Jim..My pleasure. Dig what you're doing.
Lindsay wanted to know for tonight if many of us used twitter.
Haha, I haven't seen him post up yet though. I was just hollerin at the badman.
I'm picture you guys leaving Lou buried in sand to the head. A crab scurries by and steals his dip. Am I close?
#Top100Lies - Im just around the corner (actually Im still in my bed)
"Be true to your work, your word, and your friend." -Henry D Thoreau-
how many more "scientists" will fall flat on their faces trying to explain how everything i under control in fukushima.
I'm thinking of the northeast, not the Republican base, places like NH and NJ. Some Jews are still Ds but just barely
“: “: What words do you hate? Why?? Call in now 800-520-1067” anaheim ducks. It explains itself” I AGREE!
If I Don't get a Deal..Iam a Make one ...
Thanks for the RT! #FF and Happy weekend to all of you!!!!
Nothing motivates quite like spite.
always going to be a belieber i love you so much you inspire me, you light up my world like nobody else please say #swaggie !!
Nice! RT Ugh...It's Monday again. Wait. I forgot. Every day is my Friday.
goodluck to this weekend. living his dream running track for the Badgers. you'll do great and everyone's proud no matter what
I would love to as I'm sure it would be a blast but I'll be in Turks and Caicos getting married that weekend!! lets hang after
My mom just told me I wasn't physically active.....HAHAH WHAT?!?
wena u killing me yong #DeathByLaughter in the bus going to the wiLD...)
Thanks and for having me in today !
Vanilla Ice Cuba Gooding Junior Senior
Looking forward to the much needed sleep tonight when I get back to my Cinci home. Going to tape my eye lids open for the rest of the day.
Going back to my favorite boring old job: translator. not creating texts but reproducing & displacing them; how much do I love & hate it!
bring back a 'w'
in my opinion, what Mahomies love the most about Austin: his smile and sense of humor :D <3
THANKS FOR THE LOVE BRO
thanks so much for the kind mention. Glad you loved the app so much!
hahahhajahahjahha why aren't you playing with me
Ikr! Thanks so much!
Got you « im reppin hard on #fb what up wit a complimentary shirt! lol»
Is there any chance that the #UVa defense can get a stop this time?
So many American flags in Texas. I like it
Sorry to hear about your trouble. I've been there. Can you temp for awhile? That pulled me out of a bind.
Wine-off Tuesdays, guys! Starting October 10, every Tuesday, every bottle of wine in the house will be half off. No joke!
“: Found where the weird kids at carthage party #weirdclan” where do they party? U could always pledge Delta Omega Nu!!!
3,000 calls for Marriage Equality last night! Special shout out to the UW contingent for rolling deep!
sorry! We're coming to the next one and we'll even sit in the dugout if you want us to!
hey brother! Welcome back! How've you been?
Had a great time at the #auto show this weekend at the Oregon Convention Center!
right! Its just been grass and open space for the longest
At all-day Tufte class on information architecture & analytical design from data visualization to landscape architecture. Fun!
In honor of the Big 12 Tournament being in town, who is your favorite Big 12 Mascot?
thanks love! :D
Like ships in the night
Then they must be "Sweet Tweets" and you're probably a nice person.
#lupequotes "Lupe got his mind right, nigga this is my mic and I've come to take it all back like Miller High Life"
I know(:
your disclaimer gave me chills.
#maine is pretty fabulous i must say
The average prison sentence for a man following rape or battery is 2-6yrs
Seriously good night for me and the #harmonica. I'm pretty solid w/ "what a wonderful world" it actually sounds pretty, but in a manly way
Health and Safety how fun(: lmao
Who bought their Toby tickets today?
The Crew be puttin in work
thanks for the retweet!
Do you have a tarp for your hair?
A nigga with no teeth that's a good thang , lol ...
No problem....keep the news on the Colts coming.
Rehearsals just became possible tonight! Time to fine tune for Friday!
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision. - James McNeill Whistle
Please do not open any links that came from my Twitter account! I was hacked! So sorry!
National Champions! #8 is coming home!!
hey guys. Megan, you are close..Brad Schneider is running for the House of Reps. So, what's the debate?
Nice hand with the threes... go get em
someone is creeping your life from 700 miles away.... haha ;)
I'm gonna TiVo!
Adam R. Gwizdala~ If you go with the flow youll eventually end up over the waterfall.
Noticed two wind turbines across from Mt Adams today. They were cranking. Love to see that!
II timonthy 2:15, study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, righty dividing the word of truth
A small way to help the Japan disaster is text REDCROSS to 90999 to donate $10 - takes a minute of your time.
How about a remote that always works.
The market is on rain or shine - see you at 10!
how was art today without me and ???
Nothing better than seeing a friend stand up and kill it.
they always have the craziest killers on
I think she meant beasted lol “: ": Yes. I breasted my workout. And even ran.". |breast?”
Oh bus gods, why do you continue to shower me with your anger and misfortune?
If u see this post ......hit me up if u trying to get on the mixtape holla at me
I'm so excited about the meeting I had with "Tv One" & "Radio One" founder Ms. Catherine Hughes yesterday. God is truly good!
Love Celtic Woman.
NYC to Miami. Love my fam and friends up here.
DELICIOUS! RT : On the Menu for the #GreatMatch - Albondigas Guisadas: Pork Meatballs, Squid ink, Hazelnut Picada
good afternoon
thanks for RTing the augmented reality app about misshelved books. interesting!
I brought my Cash Five "full wheel" program up to date and we are playing 20 picks from it for tomorrow night's game.
“With words at your disposal, you can see more clearly. Finding the words is another step in learning to see.”- Robin Kimmerer
Any bear hunters out there? Share your experiences with us!
The Chiefs won?! Really?! Hard to believe, but true!
RT You can tell the size of your God by looking at the size of your worry list. The longer your list, the smaller your God.
Happy Birthday to ! May blessings continue to rain down on you!
"Yeah my mom bought like a 4,000 dollar LV bag" "Yeah my mom only buys the 1000 dollar coach bags" Conversation happening behind me @ school
I cnt stand Metta World Peace!
Oh that was so much fun that night!!!
Just looked through my phone book. WTF, who are you people?
Dont sub-tweet , mention the bitch !
What's wrong
Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers!
Some cunt just beeped at me and scared the shit out of me. Go fall out of your jeep
Eehhhh I dunno man!
Someone break Mo Williams arm.
ALERT: It's Parents Weekend. Clean your dorm/apt & hide you & your roommate's alcohol, drug paraphernalia, & porn.
:D FLASHPHOTOSHOTS :D
All I want is someone who will stay, no matter how hard it is to be with me.
I had to find something to do while you play Dungeons and Dragons!
just noticed ur tweet about chocolate cake in a jar! since i found that popover recipe, i started saving all my jars! -lisa
I think I'm addicted to Temple Run
last night in my bed and losing an hour of sleep
I'm going to try out dancing @ Star Garden tonight, I hope it goes well
"Live in Basel" is a seriously good album. I was already a big fan of yours, and you raised the bar with Live, imo. Cheers.
we go on around 11pm!
when u get encouragement fr everyone it motivates u 2 succeed. when all u get in negativity it holds u back if u let it. break free n fight
Tryin to go to a mall where there's no ppl. No lines. Just in and out
seems a bit stilted :)
My first reaction is that this fits the stereotype well. Notice how almost all of the subjects are white.
I'm so tired.
Thanks for including us in your Real Estate Connection Daily!
#HappyBirthdayValerie !c: hope you have a qoood day.
Youtube Farm to Fridge - The Truth Behind Meat Production. I just did ...and oh my lanta. #cannotbelieveit =/
Spurs-Jazz Preview
I hadn't heard about it???
Eliza Doolittle's Mr. Medicine in Talbots.<3
Reds at Braves
follow me back then DM me please
Looking for some #acbw events in #pgh for tues. Anyone got suggestions?
You can live your #dreams if you can embrace change. It's by taking chances that you'll learn how to be brave. - Nikita Koloff
Turn left!!
If you are in Chicago, please check out the Chris Greene Quartet live at Mayne Stage on October 27th. That's gonna be a great show!!!!
haha me too. But...I do remember quite a bit! Thanks for last night!!
my fiance's parents were there so we watched it too...hilarious! His lines about his secret agenda were funny as hell
No, I dont think he is, but I don't think Wallace is either.
Over 60 people at the litte tokyo community forum at the jaccc!? WOW! More than any of us expected! Yes we can support our community & ...
Larry Bird/Magic Johnson.
loving y'all support! thankk you! look forward for new music, more covers and songs, and album later on in the year!
A3. Success, people showing up to an event () cause they saw it on twitter
Watching touch football game they call the NFL Pro Bowl. Fogetaboutit!
I live for you. I breathe you in and blow you right back out <3 your my rock and the world around me <3 your my baby I love you Dallas!
shot I didn't even see that that was 2012...
#woodlawn23 have court today. They are part of a long history of those who have fought for economic justice. Honor them all on this
alright thanks mr president. Did you get knocked out or were you conscious?
where and when is this event?
Alternative Organics, is now officially 'Jade Monk Beverage Company'
that is just horrible- 3 men raped, strangled, and burned 19y-o girl in Ukraine. she is still alive in hospital. the police didnt ....
Peter Benson, CEO of Search Inst. died of cancer today. What a heartbreaking and tragic loss for his family, colleagues and all he inspired.
It's Christmas, man. Come on son...
What's the $ale at Stussy LV right now Anna?!
my horoscope for today is spot on #Taurus <3
now legalized you said it first to my knowledge
We can make it simple.
Michael Bay can direct the shit out of an explosion, too bad he couldn't do the same with Meagan Fox.
just absolutely killed it , would definitely see them live again.
I'm not here to inspire people and you shouldn't try to be either. Inspire people by living for yourself
Had the greatest time today. Thanks Thanks
I was driving home from high school one day in late November doing 55 in a 25. My friend and I had just gotten done chopping down a Chris...
Tweet more. Pick it up. Let's go. Seize the day. Carpe diem.
thanks though(:
Never say 'no' to yourself - we get it enough from other people. Get out there and say 'yes'!
The people who say cheerleading isn't hard have never tried it.
nobody fucking talk to me today.
Shout out to all of our newest followers! Thank you!!!
Really? You were there.
Mr. Now or Mr. Wait?; Its your choice.
hit us up
Join me on the air in 10 minutes! 1010AM Tampa Bay Sports Central. Learn Secret to a hot, happy relationship!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 894 calories. Total burned so far: 2955 calories! on 4/3/12 at 9:06 PM
Welcome to MN Hi, Naomi! RT : : Congrats on the new job at Star Tribune. Say hi to
I don't feel so good °__•
I love you to death!!!!! Plz rt
Rushers wanna hear beat-box more often in songs (:
Murphy claims the Republican nomination to return to the 18th Congressional District
...throw shit at u and run their mouths a lot and he knows me.."hollie dnt play that" so I may need bail money too....lol
Im gonna wear my solidarity hoodie to work all week
RT : "... concerns about a brand, most marketers try to divert attention. Brands like MINI exacerbate..." Youngme Moon #FGS11”
FBCD MAJOR NEWS OUT!!!
#IfKobeAintBetterThanLebron then Oprah must be broke.
after a weekend vacation, it's hard to find motivation.
Why are you so confusing ?!
Thank's ya'll
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 8
you can keep my number, you're not an annoying boy. congrats yo!
to all the polo teams & players jc western has white wranglers and levi's in all sizes in stock. will ship call for more info @ 561-684-7331
Great little lax practice today! Half of the little dudes must have started their spring break early, but we had a blast!
Could it be more beautiful out today?! Join us at Franklin Park for some tacos
Turn on your radio RT for some odd reason I'm getting national ESPN.
yeah!!! It was a great one :)
RT Is your mom ruining journalism?
amazing “: Disney just announced Heroes Work Here, a new company-wide initiative to hire, train & support returning veterans
I wish you can talk Buford into staying at Ohio St for his senior season!
Haha of course!! Could never forget you! How have you been??? :D
how did i get 60 bucks in my bag....wtf. is this a joke or something
An orange & brown butterfly keeps fluttering over to me...
great to connect with fashionista in Italy..I'll be in Milan soon for a trade show
listen your a great analyst and i maybe wrong but I just don't see the love given to lebron that should be given.
i want six more tatts.. then
Or better yet what are the #mustread #blogs here in #SanDiego?
Got a positive response to my inquiry about the temp choral position for which I was recommended. More news as it develops. :-)
I DM u
Oh! May 29. Is my BIRTHDAY! I'm excited! You should send me a gift!!
The same coworker that said, "it's literally raining cats&dogs" yesterday, just said, "you need to literally get out of my head."
I don't know about you guys, but I have the effin' coolest boyfriend in the world. He never fights with me and rubs my back all the time c:
quartet style lol
I'd cut our entire O line and defense backs if it was up to me. They were horrible.
I wish I could be there but I am right now in south Miami :(
thanks to the san francisco examiner for printing an add about my cd release party coming up this friday night at the rockit room!
I just found out that Cupertino has an Ike's and will soon be getting a Philz. Now if only I had a car to get to them...
i needed a whole team to help me switch a dp a year ago, lol
and since my cute little cousin is apparently ballin, I expect an ice cream date in my near future, lots of ice cream!!!
Anytime, Love! :)
We're an SF based production company interested in co-producing a marketing video with you. Ever considered it?
Thursday Night at 7pm "Builder's Night Out" and tonight we've got Geo-Social Artist Maria Scileppi showing us some cool data visualizations!
": better be lol, what's new in mad city" golf season as soon as the chiropractor can get my back fixed.
The taste of uptown went well... we hope to see all our followers new and old come and visit today!
Aw, nobody in the real world uses metadata anyway.
#ireallycantstandwhen when people ask me to search on the internet for something, have you heard of ?
Anything worth having in life does not come easy.
see, you're right on track :)
so, this time we need to hide our mumbazo tribal vases under the sink.
that's good!! As long as u kick ass at them! Show the guys females do everything better!
trying to make a livin, and doing the best you can? ;)
Its a Crooks & Castles jacket.... He wears their ski mask in the video too.
Accompanying my boss at Metropolitan Water District fighting against rate increases.
The difference between taking baby steps and acting small, is that one prepares you for success, the other for a fall.
I missed Zach's awkwardness <3
My sister had her baby(: she's so pretty! Eliza Jayne<3
did i even see you today? D:
Syncing audio — the great unifier. (Get it?)
Design lovers rejoice: Pantone introduces 336 new colors in 'The Plus Series', for a new total of 1677 colors!...
Heading to L.A. to tape the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.
and im always like huggin u guys so ya lol oops <3
"I'm right 95% of the time and most times I'm right 100% of the time" Bobby Reynolds
The World&#39;s 50 Best cars - from Jaguar to Porsche
Too many grits
damn dude
To buy the truth And sell a lie The last mistake before you die So don't forget to breathe tonight Tonight's the last so say good-bye
Oh haha :) Your welcome? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you have a fantastic ass
At final rehearsal for #FaithfulCentral's Good Friday night production. Mad I'm gonna miss #Scandal when it's on--thank God for the DVR.
LOVE my ladies!
back in action. the studio received a gift.
Hair cut, mani, pedi, massage, eyebrows. CHECK. Now dying my hurrrrrr. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
": I want some good head in this cold weather"
feeling like everyone is starting their summer hours today but me :( I should be outside right now, strike that, at the beach right now.
We are, too. Glad you like it!
Woah haven't been on in awhile
Gluten-free bread and pasta: Purchased.
kinda hoping this is one of those days where you lose count and answer more than 5.
D-backs/Royals...really?
Cupcake time!
I'm excited about it. It's something everyone will love and even if they don't, they'll still feel the magnitude of it
Hard work makes your tired!.....going hard after your passion keeps you motivated!!
Just got finished working @ Elfriede's Fine Fabrics in Boulder. Its a treat when I get to sub for an employee, we got in some new stuff too!
Vicky turned us into a Target parking lot on the way out of Boston, so...we're buying some socks
Will Downing's over-singing a bit.
68 days until the desert and
Happy to help out a fellow #archivist w/ #saa11 conference highlights!
Big bank take Lil bank...
Zombie by The Cranberries is very, very underrated song.
Employee empowerment + innovation go hand in hand. Profits, customer sat, loyalty follow: etc. cc
Well. Nice try, #caps. Thanks for letting me enjoy some games this season.
seeing your mom cry <
Liz We love your articles. Hope you'd tell us what your thoughts are on Patients Rating Hospitals! Works for every other consumer.
sweet! Parkway bowl! Im heading there in like an hour. Im out front of lestats chillin right now.
Yes.. I stopped playing xbox to talk to her(:
Hope you had a nice new year celebration! Happy 2012!
Dan Aykroyd has mild Asperger's.
Thank you seniors! Great season & careers! Good luck!
Ready to judge the 19 #sales competitors at #Calpoly San Luis Obispo - winner heads to the
This rally is a waste of time.
Man I wish I knew the answer
Hey my twitter family, this saturday is gorgeous! What are you doing? Best of all have fun and enjoy this weekend -chatting soon see u on
lol @ you freaking out about madison saying you're nice.
I wish they would have showed that fan getting tackled on the #Jets field... Hopefully he makes
I believe in the People that Believe In Us! Our People, Our Communites. Our Future! The Collective Voices-2012-
wow... Were there jalapenos involved
it doesn't give anything away. And last night was ahhhhhmazing. Thank god we have game of thrones to tide us over until season 3
lovely snow, see you in just a few hours
Woo hoo! Way to go social girl!
yes he does, it's called a yoke, and he also has rudders.
LMAO I don't eat the puddy cat dam sho not a bloody one
it was only goat cheese, so maybe a half-bummer.
that is beautiful! Mine made me a keychain! I love my kids
They think the same of me.
I miss you... ALOT. No not you, the"old" you.
I love watching
Hope Michel comes back soon!
Hallo everyone
all the sneakers will #walk at noon and we are entered in a drawing for a prize too. Cool #incentive!
Congrats! 2011 AA Juco Showcase participant ": Tyler Larson (6-3) of Casper College has committed to South Dakota"
me+yuu=always an awesome time
Pshh it's their friend or whatever. Idc who they hang with
Wavy beers on deck
pretty much, PS CS5 Master Suite covers and does more then Lightroom which is more of great all in one package.
count sheep!
To failure, therefore, our travellers had to make up theirminds
You can't really trust Harry's Avengers review because he thought Attack of the Clones was amazing....
I love your hair color
Mothers day weekend coming up. Are you ready with your plans.
Politikr provides unbiased candidate views on critical world topics like abortion and wolves.
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Cheating is a choice, not a mistake."
well stop asking your sister to do it then geez... or wear a diaper next time buddy
Johnny Damon signed with The Indians.. Let's go Cleveland?
Dang! Mauricio looks good in black!
cool- check your email.
Know of anygood accident story? We would like to give away free promotions to those with the best story!
Worst I ever felt about a Bulls playoff win. Praying for the MVP.
If you replace g's with q's, then you might have to stop right the fuck now. Thanks.
& my grandma always take up for him !!
-i want my man to have the best of the best.. i have that us against the world mentality; but if you lose my trust, you lose my dream..
is this the same Calilewis from Koreatown Mexican Orphange?
: This is pretty cool. Thanks!
So did Hart's error not actually end up costing any runs there? Weird.
Please recycle... We recycle 100% of all our paper.
Scripts are written, video is getting edited-- it's about time to wake up with Good Day Oregon! Join us from 4:30 to 9:00 this morning!
It has pictures!
If Young Preezy was riding the "diversity" "Kenyan-born" thing thru Harvard Law, it would explain all the secrecy.
Thanks for the #FF...I hope your weekend is awesome!
Sustainable life change happens through improved living/working conditions, nutrition, healthcare, and education.
TOMORROW NIGHT ONLY get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage & peppers, or eggplant & fennel pizza. PASSWORD: *Dine in only.*
what website should I use to start a blog?
YESS. too late. :D
Too bored!!
How many auditions have you done this week?
I wish we could all get along like we used to I wish I could bake a cake filled with rainbows and smiles and everyone would eat and be happy
every story I want to submit for WNPA has one common tie...I'll let you guess what it is.
My girl's iPhone is set on shuffle and it just played Across the Universe (Beatles) and the Bowie version back to back. Weird!
just switched here too. Uh oh... Seems to be going in and out. Weird. I think they have some signals crossed.
i luv so much my dream is for her to follow me! when that happens i dont care if i died young or get banged by a car!
A flight i gotta see her travle all across the world just to meet her travle to LA or maybe to the bay come to chi-town...
Great call! I'm doing the same.
Laid under the North Carolina stars and thanked the Lord for such an amazing weekend! but SO SO stoked to get home to
I'm good! Getting ready to do some school work. How have you been? :)
Shout out to my NEW hoes! *Meek Voice*
Awesome! Thanks for the support!
@ my icon i just love him. k.
my hometown's alt. rock radio station had a program called "mandatory metallica"... but i was always pushing for "necessary nirvana".
shouldve kept 2 yourself “: Hit a bird with my car and now I can't stop worrying I'll never be able to adopt a child.”
why are you writing that so much ?
So true!! RT : True strength is keeping everything together when everyone expects me to fall apart.
I want to meet the person that stole my identity, I'm so curious how they did it.
Website is Currently Under Construction...Follow Us and Like Us on Facebook for Up to date info on products and advise
Set your DVR's. I'll be appearing on the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on Friday, January 7th. Woo hoo! #craigyferg #talk show
Happy Mother's Day :)
Denver nuggets TY Lawson got that T.Y. Hilton speed. 11-0 to open against Lakers
thanks so much!
RT fake asab ; how im fake?
should bring me some comida <U+E056><U+E33F>
G'morning. Thanku for the RT. :) Many blessings to your Monday
There is no one, and surely no entire people, in whom the image of God has been utterly extinguished. -Walter Wink
are you talking about the #eatmobile @ omsi? We are looking forward to it!
hanging with my big little guy Logan at the movies..love the $3 cinema $7 for us 2 get in..$14 for a popcorn n a coke..theater rape
Busy day.
With all 'due' respect, anyone who thought Trump was serious is as dumb as a bag of rocks. He's a two-bit grifter with no ethics or morals.
It's hard to perform well if all you think of is losing.
She's making chocolate chip cookie dough cake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 81
my cha cha in 10 minutes. yikes!!!!! still looking for support from maybe ??
Hello twitter
yes indeed!! but i heard u were in cali
YO MUFF IS CABBAGE! (goddamn auto correct)
Coming soon to Chicago Feb 4th Be There!!
Thanks for the RT!
can I get a happy birthday to? ;) and possibly a follow?
“: “: Now we know PM is in AZ. What's the chance he still sign with the Broncos?”90%” awesome!
has pasta with pancetta, dandelion greens, chili and sheep's milk feta on the menu tonight. Plus patio open!
just wrapped the last work day of the year...and i'm on vacation. 2012 will be big. in the meanwhile, chill the champagne.
lol maybe they'll pull out another Ginger White
Lilac Fest Classic: The Buddhahood ~ Worry Tune ~ Dance along with the Festival Guy!
There's some guys falling to the #Broncos here, what happens?
You can't drink all day if you don't start drinking in the morning.
Wife en route to Ecuador; I am home with 3-yr old and an epic head cold. I now understand why my father always had that look on his face.
No but I wish
whats her twitter?
Lynn Austin has a lot of accolades from fellow inspirational authors ... her new one is WHILE WE'RE FAR APART
haha, dirty knickers or a scarification??? im feckin lost!!
RT : Get Gott Gourmet delivered! Call at 504-644-3512. Only thing better than our restaurant is eating in your PJs!
Happy Thursday! Just posted several new paintings and a few will pop up on our kids calendar soon!
Sorry. Just got this. Obviously yesterday. You should have all of your credentials. RT : When's media day my man?
Came to work & forgot my milk for my cereal
aww you mushy people are mushing up my twitter feed.
will do at 3:15, sad.
Its hard for me to trust ppl, but for some reason, when he reassures me that everything is fine... I actually believe him :-)
sounds like a good shot recipe.
Thanks for the re-tweet! We are just a little startup so everything helps! YOU ROCK!!
the site and API supports cycling as well, so this would work for that, too.
You're a dumb ass.
I have them for Internet and cable. Bill minus boxes is like 80, 30 of which is Internet. A la carte wouldn't beat a $50 bill
Exhausted. Been awake for more than 12 hours already.
just because today sucked doesn't been tomorrow will suck
ready to drink yet?
What do think about our 2012 BHM Honorees? Which one is your favorite?
Thanks! RT : Came across your Schnittke recording on YouTube ... Sounds great! Hope to hear more when I'm in Seattle.
I may ban the NFL in my house this year if they don't
Guys if y'all follow me and u don't follow back I'm sorry cuz sometimes I don't have wifi
EVERYBODY LIKE MY FAN PAGE
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger!
Trying to decide where to travel for my next photographic adventure. I need to venture out of Cincinnati. I was thinking Kentucky?
we need a flight tracker for #peytonwatch! Or is he already in Denver?!
is rocking today!!!! :P
My bowling teammates brought me a cookie cake for my birthday.
So, everything I read states Lent fasts come to an end today. Previously I waited until Easter... Your thoughts ?
What about The Band?
Enjoying the remainder of my apple pie. Where is the #vivaldiclub when you need them?
Has been possessed by Cartman's hand? Oh gawd, here we go again.
Everybody has a Beastie Boy memory. Mine is listing to "Girls" and "Brass Monkey" in my college buddy's GTI.
Hello back and thanks for the mention!
I highly recommend October 25th.
So much constructive energy here. Many thanks to Johanna Drucker, Kurt Fendt, and my fellow participants for inspiring me.
sometimes a helping of salt is exactly what you need
Street Racing Suspected in Fatality Auto Accident
Man they should have the dunk contest and the allstar game all in one...who agree???
you might think that it's a cynical world but there are oasis' of joy all around us. :)
Ghost Town just came on the PA where I'm getting lunch
wow, my 76 yr old grandma is calling the guy up to bat for st.louis a Pussy
Good morning world . Working on me n my problems but I am highly favord n the lord this morning . For my daughter and beautiful dad love ya
MIL-TOWN Reppin' Hard....make a stop through the City of Brew
Did you fulfill your dream of taking your dad and son to a Dodgers game?
I've never gotten into instapaper, oddly. I've tried. I use Pinboard.in for bookmarks then peruse the unread ones online.
An all hand meeting where those on vacation and scheduled off are encouraged to attend. That's always a good thing, right? Right? Oh crap!
Are you going to post notes from Mike Dunlap on your blog?
I've learned over the last few days that cat-sitting is about as interesting as I'd imagined. I'm on a couch, watching House Party...hoorah
There is so much good in the world. Stop for a minute and enjoy it!
Sadly my dumbphone was exchanged for a RadioShack gift card!!
workout is perfect dear! Lot of cardio! And thanks to the 150 toes to bar we did lasts week, the 60 KtoE today was easy!
For additional training information and/or training appointments/reservations please contact Keli Andrea directly at: 317.284.1299 ext 303
Life goal: to someday work at a place that allows streaming media. This gamecast situation is not workin' for me.
"hi, is this ? it's george zimmerman." "george! how you holdin' up, brother?" "not so good. hey, you got hal turner's number?"
Got out the shower this morning.Just shaved, and Now im packing for Victorville.
made states ;)
How do homeless people sleep In this weather. Poor them
You can't be serious?
has a show coming up at the Hi-Tone Cafe in #Memphis So excited to have that weekend with :) Gonna jam & cry.
Anyone out there realy enjoy: Locked up Abroad?
I'm not so sure that doing #HBO #HardKnocks would be a good idea for the Jets this season
Hey tweetlings thought I'd say I love y'all :)
I hate people who mix up 'there', 'their' and 'they're'. It's worse than not knowing the difference between your left and write.
Hi Katie - let's connect and DM details for WIF12.
Happy Birthday :)))
haha, true! Maybe I'm just upset at the half-assed delivery!
School needs to be over man .
Going to the Drive-in again!!!
Text marketing is on! Jump in now or limp in later!
Now she's staring at me. Uh oh.
Have a mtg at noon....it is campaign mtg so not likely to be over in an hour. I hate missing an oppty to be on show
Start here on New Year's Eve & end here on New Year's Day..we'll take good care of you with great food, fast service, & #hangover remedies
i have to start tweeting more, this is tough.
Back to school tomorrow. On a positive note, it's only one week closer to the end of school. Can't wait. Night!
next time bring ol to west TX with u so we can show him how it's done rIght
MAY BABIES STAND UP! It's OUR time! :)
I will never forget this day. <3
Congrats to the TWO winners of the 1-year AMC movie passes -- that's right we had two :)
RT : u can't fake culture in recruiting but can u evolve by hiring ppl who embody who u want 2b?
Lifetime Movies and Jims breakfast sandwiches. Great start to a Saturday before work.
Watching Bad Girl Club
Happy LP Thursday. Come listen to records or bring you own! Special wine tasting at 7pm tonight-all Organic/Biodynamic wines. Enjoy!
And I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears. So done with wishing you were still here.
YEA WE WILL MAN. IF YO BOYS GO GAME TO OKC FOR GAME 5 2-2 THEN ITS STILL ANYBODY SERIES.
Just remembered me and brittany made a drinking game of rock paper scissors last night for at least ten minutes too long.
If your child knows every song on the radio but can't spell RADIO then you ass a parent need your ass whooped then you can kill yourself.
Yes...about 20 Avon drumline kids
well what up though!! on Twitter!!
not at all .
In 2002, #MayoClinic in Rochester, MN found that #optimistic people decreased risk of early death by 50%...compared to those with pessimism.
dude- is that true?
“Music lessons, and even simply listening to music, can enhance spatial reasoning performance, a critical higher-brain function for math"
the person that invented peanut butter filled pretzels is my new hero.
it sounds cool!
“: 27 more days & we will be open right now!! We can't wait! See you May 5th!”
BTW, the last Tweet's photo is courtesy of Brian Lawson, longtime Arizona resident and friend of Fairways + Greens. Obviously.
Yeah, you are right about that.
Happy early birthday. :)
Tony Bennett you are the Absolute man,Dean Tony and Frank the Best of all time.Much Love Tony...Salute:)
Ok will do babe.
Doing religion homework on the buss
This is what we try to do with our art: "I promise to make you so alive that the fall of dust on furniture will deafen you." Nina Cassian
Thanks for the
If I miss another Liam Paynes twitcam I am going to cry!!! :'(
I cant do this anymore. i didnt do anything to you.!! im gonna break down.!
Thank you so much! Means a lot. :) <3
TeleCommunication Systems Awarded Three Contracts to Deliver Cyber Security Solutions for U.S. DoD
didnt clean my room yesterday. I guess ill do it today.
MARRY THE NIGHT SINGLE COVER : D
What happen to Bless the Fall?
Do you have an order number?
It's a nice day... Imma take to the prison lmao
Yotes get a goal with too many men... Briere gets the game changer while horribly offside... where ya at stripes?!
I can't believe I didn't realize that Sunday was my 3-year blogging anniversary. I've come a long way, baby :)
your dance was beautiful. Great job you two
Red Box is garbage
Surprised REI Boulder doesn't rent white gas stoves in winter. Butane is bad news in the cold. Shipping mine out to meet me.
I think I have a concussion.
On my knees tonight...sincerest thanks for his vital service to this country!
is on Spo Says today on Listen into hear about Bujak and
If you say you can't here me because I'm mumbling, then you will just have to listen more carefully to my mumbles.
Who's coming to the for the Cure this Sat at 12 pm to raise money for the Heather Pick Spirit Fund?
LaDo Fitness Program Coming Summer of 2011..... This program will be offered in Houston,Texas & Kansas City, Missouri...
that's crazy, I wish I'm in town, so we can hang out, when are you back to Gallup?
Stop the hate congratulate, you know my name so eat some cake. (:
Could the Falcons have the worst hands of any NFL defense?
#Str8LykeDes... Damn that nap my niece & I shared was absolute extra fye..
Cn you guys please please follow me ???????<3
Promoting www.houstonpcguru.com/biz
For the record, we are firmly against Michael Bay's interpretation of the Ninja Turtles and offended by his remarks for us to "Chill out."
so...am I supposed to eat this pit?
hahahahah who knows..
Wynne Prize winner Susan White's Salamander Bay. Source: Supplied - The Australian
Good point! Ha.
If you live in california and dont have a car, sadly youre going nowhere.
im from orlando florida....hbu
oh, sexy!
Ugh school tomorrow
Offer your feelings up to the most loving spirit, where your feelings are received like a symphony sung from your heart.
It's pretty freakin' cool :)
sounds like a plan man
Smith's box set gets released on my ex-wife's birthday.
Ceaser didnt see it so he ceased to exist, so the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Dr. Arroyo presents solutions for ED and Male Incontinence at St. Anthony Hospital in Gig Harbor
RT : Know yourself as a blogger. Know your community. #latism11 "Win-Win Brand-Blogger Relationship panel"
Got it, thanks!
UCLA wins the Pac 12 South, they must beat USC or Oregon to earn a bowl berth abd save Neu's job!
First whistle is blown!
Congrats! We just won best in show at the Yard, Garden & Patio Show!
The Funk is loud (my ears are still ringing). George Clinton at StageAE tonight was great.
I've got to rewatch that movie.
$100 says bnfkdb4 will show up to try and halt the run of $FBCD
pieces of a real heart
"There is no public education without arts education." - LAUSD School Board Member Steve Zimmer
This might be the best shooting i have seen from downtown since #WILDBILLREICHE!!!!!!!
Writing is a way of talking without being interrupted. ~Jules Renard
The Used, self titled album <3
Colorado, no question. We did direct tv internet 15 mi from the nearest paved road, deep in Pike Nat. Forest for 6 mos.
hey so the knitting class meets at the small table.if evening is better for u let me know. Any time is good for me on wed.
: my hypothesis: the cost crisis cannot be solved from within. each dollar saved is a dollar of someone's income lost
Thanks for providing the cover image for our post about the eviction.
someone go delete my twitter off this kids phone
Coffee crumble!<U+263A>
You're gonna catch me in followers n I'm gonna be jealous. Take a walk with me. I need all of yall to come n take a walk with me.
Sometimes, the best things in life are not things at all ... but the people who make you feel loved and cared for
I don't want to go to volleyball tonight waaahh
Josh Hamilton has hit 14 home runs this season, the San Diego Padres have hit 12.
whoa! Please tell me u just left hair/makeup... If not, prayin 4 u bro.
$.99 pints of Ben & Jerry's ice cream tonight! Coupon code: "bj99"
nice throw pillow, adds deathly flair and the papers every is a headache :P nice controler!
when the next time u off I'm in lex right now I caught a flat and I have to stay lol
well ya with wins, but ERA has nothing to do with a high powered offense.
lmao all we would do was bag on her naked mole rat ass hahaha
Tim, thanks for following me!
There is no such thing as a "Christian Education". Anything Christian called 'education' is actually indoctrination. Value your intellect.
My limit of hunting boots with gym shorts and coal miner reflective shirts has been exceeded #southwestvirginia problems
Is voodoo sound supported on the galaxy tab 7 plus?
Non mother fucking factor
85.5k to end the day. Amazing field.
- hope I aint gotta work friday or saturday . O_o
WHERE THE F'ING HELL IS AL SHARPTON ON THIS?
thank you for making my day a thousand times better loveeyou<U+2764>
Outkast was the right choice for that run. you've no idea how many hills that curly Georgia drawl's gotten me up the last 12+ years.
drum players would make good helicopter pilots
Anyone up and wanna hang out?... I'm bored and not tired.
I guess it's sad to say I've been pushed to the ground so many times it starts to feel like home ...
you will be the first to know!
I have to lay in my bed for a few minutes before I actually get up.... It's been about 20 min. Lol
oh god... That made me so angry, I was glad to see you comment on it haha
very fitting for the season, indeed.
it's natural to be selfish but being human means you have the ability to fight your instincts
The perks of being a wallflower.
y did does people in bradenton fla get screwd?#nasa space center
ShelfX's Vending Fridge nixes the cashier, uses QR codes, RFID to 'know what ... - Engadget
I have a portable DVD player that I have no need for. I think I'ma try to sell it. And some DVDs that I no longer want. I'll give those away
Not to pitpick, but- Knicks, Jazz, and Suns got denied by Jordan's Bulls? Don't you have to throw the Pacers in that mix too?
i would love to live in miami! Haha IL is not so much fun either
I'm pretty sure in 2 years I'll be settled in a new town with new people & new beginnings .
Any pics? RT : Crushed the Scotland 10k race. What a fantastic run in central park.
Ask Jacksonville they drafted a Punter in the third round,we will be in the Playoffs again,conten.for #7,we will be fine,
Nf follow back (:
I don't like this feeling</3
Don't be such a 2 hr course reserve.
nice work
Getting pumped for Glee tonight. First time I've ever watched it in Canada:)
I just coped my first pair of Toms. I'm slowly climbing the ladder to be back on top. Toms this week car, and IPhone next week
Considering KFC and a cupcake for dinner bc sometimes I can't encourage myself...
Probably for the same reason that people keep asking if my library has a book "in stock". Commercial mindset?
Looks like the #notFNcute family suffered a great loss last night. 's Romeo fell off the counter and broke.
that is true
Ron Paul is awesome!
I texted you if your number is still the same.
I can't lololo it's hard -.- oh brother
How much did they have to pay to do a depends commercial?
Message to Twitter followers, please be sure to "Like" All Marble Restoraton LLC Facebook page.
Haha I'm no pro but I got some tricks up my sleeve. Sadly I can't help those people. A magician never reveals his secrets!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. – Winston Churchill
The heavy cross, our weight of sin
dude on craigslist right now got a DS pair for 325..size 11.5 tho.
that video was awsome u and did a wonderful job..... ur #1 FAN.. Hope u have a great day.
What is your favorite icebreaker/community building exercise on the first days of class?
I understand TFA can fill a need in schools that can't retain teachers. However, it seems to b a bandaid, not a cure to the systemic issues.
Poor customer service destroying U-S companies. The inability to communicate and resolve issues will lead to their downfall.
great run with the brother ! movies later with aunt nellie! Happy Easter everyone !
#describeyourpeniswithamovie If I had one Joe Dirt
Chapter 2012 Page 58 of 366 Note to self, instead of judging or complaining transfer that energy into a solution.
I'm following on my MLB app - did Conrad attempt to bunt on any of his strikes?
Jesus, Dude. You're standing next to an empty ant farm. Duh! Do the math.
Bidders conference at Illinois Department of Human Services said they would post answers to Qs asked. 3 weeks later, no answers posted.
Dudes working harder on their swag then their music = why most rap sucks these days.
Trying to find the perfect balance between "super fit chic life" and "super fun world traveller mama chic life" Not as easy as I'd hoped :(
Enjoy! I've watched them all-everyone was great!
I want to go back to Florida
First night viewing Hot Stove on MLB network. Starting to feel like baseball again.
Great day skiing, grilled steaks for dinner and now enjoying sitting in front of a fire. Good times
Right there with you Armen
Congrats to the winner of the #NFLDraft Sweepstakes ! Check your DMs for info on claiming your 2 tickets. See you Friday!
On plane in Sacramento from #stc11 to Lubbock and #nar11. Was a great STC Summit. Look forward to sharing with TTU PhD colleagues.
Too much less sleep and too much more gym noww. :(
Small Business Internet Marketing Expert, Francis Ablola, to Speak at Major ... - Houston Chronicle
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her miss extraordinary!
I had to.work lol
Oh. I wanna play! Haha
While no large-scale reforms have come to the arena of immigration in some time, many have pledged to do something about this stagnation.
Short Love Quotes including TIME:
Sometimes just one song can explain every single emotion you feel.
So when can we expect the winds to pickup in Rio Rancho, up on the mesa it can sure blow
KevinFu is here.
Birthday is in two days!
I have an 10 yr old 4 yr old stepson an twin girls on the way
U ain't playing nobody but yourself.
cant wait for the new shake it up and mikeys bday in 7 days
Follow Friday: , , , , and because it IS Friday after all:
can't believe my little boy is growing up!
I'm still alive! We can keep up through insta or twitter!
yeahh. Do you ?
thanks ! Please let's hangout soon ! :)
Cuz in the end your always gonna disappoint someone no matter what decisions you make
#WhyDoHoes blame it on the alcohol so much........Even if its 1 shot lmao "Bitch why am I soo faded right now"
Attention Portland! Our show with was moved to the Hawthorne theater tomorrow. Don't be a dork and show up at the wrong spot!
#GREATWORK! ONE HELL OF A YEAR
English "this is one of this days when everything goes wrong and I just want to die and idk that word
Truly awful idea.
#what2ChainzWouldWay 2 CHAINZ... I BEEN A MAN!!! selling drugs TEN A GRAM.. SPICE EM UP... CINNAGRAMS.... Den take a pic!! INSTAGRAM!!!!
3 S's and I'm out for the count...
about what?(:
I do no answer...
Is Mourdock's last name pronounced just like Rupert's? Question from Wisconsin morning news!
Check the ice cream flavors: PB Banana Buster, Dark Chocolate Cherry, Butter Pecan, Blue Moon, Birthday Cake...
If u see the eyes of an Avatar you are changed for ever, fastens your evolution towards Super Conciousnessm in my video there are 7 Avatars
Finished the last of a stack of Cadfael mysteries, now I'm homesick for the 12th century.
Listening to Interpol in my car; don't want to get out.
#RIP Chuck Brown
if we buy a tik there will it be $75 + fees or do the fees not apply if u buy in person? Also, is Saturday close to sell out?
“ "A good laugh is sunshine in the house." ~William Makepeace Thackeray”
I'm in the shade in a garden, with two very calm and adorable guinea pigs. I need a large umbrella and lemonade.
Excited to pamper myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
On the menu for tonight: dark chocolate & vodka...because i can.
but waiting takes too long , huh ?
Thanks for following, Tym! I saw you off in the distance yesterday, but didn't get a chance to say hi! ~Kenneth
Disney universe!
don't forget to make my plate sir <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Very close lol
A Milania on #RHONJ and a Melania in #RHOC. What a funny coincidence. Never noticed before.
Hey my fav gal!!! It's been forever. We have to catch up
You're so kind. Thank you. Will be sure to add in that BONUS essay!
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 42
then punch the seat. just not people.
This one is certainly worth the RT!
Hahahaha. new icon :)
50% off 2 tickets to the Rosebid Cinema - head to www.crowdclick.com to get yours!
Somebody just called asking who I'm voting for. Just kidding, like I'll ever get polled :p
So, paper and digital recipes can be resized, added to menu plans, grocery lists, carried with you on mobile
your welcome, and no problem I'd love to read your story... thanks for the follow! =) <3
Cirque tix in Orlando.
Listening to talking about the eText initiatives at Madison. New Internet2/Educause pilot
Good Morn Biebs ! Have an #EPIC Holiday Season ~ Loving the Christmas Spirit #Mistletoe has brought to our Fam #ThankUJB!
“: I planned on going to bed early tonight... #fail” I could have told you that wasn't going to happen
The schedule for our first record is done. Look out for a street date of May 15th!
Laying down in bed, I wanna cuddle. Where is my hubby?
Turn up the music cause this song just came on <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#Giro From Bevagna to Foligno, ruler-straight: this is the ancient Roman Via Flaminia, and when they could, they liked their straight roads.
Oh snap, #pinterest is finally starting to make sense to me
First fox #UFC was good. Barry should have gotten out of the pocket.
May that be a lesson to anyone who thinks about wearing backpacks to press conferences.
Im eatin subway today u wnt me to save u some lol?
Help I'm watching another GOP debate.
Just trying to get one computer to work right. If I succeed at that, it'll be a good day.
Some nights, only David Bowie will do!
followed -anna
Dramatic cost reductions in #3D printing may proliferate the
I got it
What's the King 5 thing? Do they still have openings?
REMINDER: SPRING GAME Creighton Mens Soccer vs Minnesota Stars FC - NOON today! At South HS Stadium - Free! BE THERE!!!
hahaha well I didn't have his number !
IKR! :-) So Im thinking about having this "Exclusive" Party real soon >:-) lol
yep! Free beer on !
RT : Buffalo X-Wings
10 more minutes!!
shostakovich in the morning, shostakovich in the evening, shostakovichat supper time...when shostakovich is on a bagel you can eat him
IN THA LUNCH ROOM TOMMAROW I SHOULD TAKE MY SHIRT N SEE WAT MY BABY GONE DO...
I love both of my smart babies !
Almost half an hour til CCTV America with Mike Walter...then at 9:30 EST, catch me on "Americas Now".
- I love Dracula's Daughter! I hope that someday you write the rest of the song :)
#dtc354 the symbolism of mythical space conjured thoughts of the body and blood of christ thru communion. ashes to ashes, dust to dust.
Thanks to Ald Zielinski for shout out to Democratic Party & me, and to Ald Hines for the love to Nation Consulting, during ur speeches.
hey get my voicemail? Bye ;)
Smile....it confuses people
Follow for good wing joints in Wisconsin
Bond Street Social in Baltimore great food, good vibes, good people
night liam! had so much fun!
The Wizards beat the Lakers?? (Gasps).... Shut down the mf'n presses!!
You're that desperate?
Think It's a good idea for me to be decked out in gear at the Rockies game Sunday? Well #idgafff #ThinkBlue (;
Have a Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
Maybe Cats should have just intentionally walked Rhymes today and pitched around him #hindsight thoughts
you have 24 hour reference?
Thanks for the RT! Are you now happily jobless?
Oh yum, that looks awesome. Thanks Steve!
It's not raining yet it's rain rouylte. #WhatIsThis?!
Now you're just trying to make me jealous...
Silence is a girl's loudest ry , you know she's really hurting when she starts ignoring you . <3
You guys I was KILLIN that MJ Experience game!! Speed Demon, Smooth Criminal, and Beat It & omg it was FUN Y'ALL
you have no idea how much time i've devoted to studying the titanic. and no idea how much i LOVE the way this looks.
I'm going to get my life together Soon...In Jesus name
Boxer Bob Satterfield's Grandson Marco Brent is 18 today.
you boys at the women's game?
Finally getting around to watching #snl with and have not stopped laughing. Great idea bringing him back.
yea sure whatever hater p.s ur username is dumped i seen better ones
Getting ready to head over to in a bit for soundcheck. Should be a fun show tonight! Pumped to hear Starts at 8p.
because they are #sweet... haha
U don't need a lot of $ 2 have great style!
well i figure arrogance is the only way to overcompensate our tiny packages ;)
": everything about this makes me happy." Is that a nose ring?
i know im late but as soon as i get a show over there! lol
eh it happens dude!
yesterday me and my big bro sang international love there was lik 20 people watching us i sang the pitbull parts and he did the chris brown
do you intentionally tweet things that make me cry?
You picked a great time to visit Maui! Hope to see you in December!
We are a brewery where people create new brands every day. About to make labels for our friend Lefty's Irish Red!
Its almost time for a new piece lowkey... LMFAO
Not as excited as I am about my upcoming mid-50s! GHAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Kind of happy we are losing 4 people outside. Get to see new faces and get way more hours.
Our Saturday nights are mirroring each other's, except mine also includes stomach-cramp-inducing Chinese food
Phil puts the ugh in Hughes.
"When them niggas left..ARD! It got alil bit chilly..but i jus letem burn like the end of a phillie."
Chilling in the cold smfh
Great for #DNation & #runners "You're never too old, never too bad, never too late and never too sick to start from the scratch once again"
The new #kickstarter campaign already has its first couple of backers! Now I need to come up with a creative post for you all to RT. :)
Travel Deal: $161 Roundtrippers this weekend out of Cleveland: NYC, Philly, DC, & more.
what was the story about?
I agree ;-) what else do you think?
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your not following me for funny tweets
I would honestly be scared of anyone who had orgasms over #dragontattoo. Maybe just a poor word choice?
what is it about the holidays that makes me hate being single :( :( bah-humbug lol
#FireShanahan #FansForConsistency needs to be fired for his inconsistency
Lookin like a star like a diamond, lookin like a star girl your shinin you got all that i need...
Winterhawks WIN 5-3 over Rockets! Sweep series & move on to 2nd Round of the WHL Playoffs (Rattie Scores 4 Goals)
Bay Area Band with 5 Grammys? Gotta be Green Day.
Couldn't sleep last night, I was so glad that What about Bob was on HBO
Great night in Lville with Tony, Tim and Pudge. Good times during the NCAA Tourney. See u Saturday-BH
I would like to thank our cast and ;)
Alright, maybe I will Be Renewed!
thanks. It's silly I've been Googling my many names for too long. ha ha
I always like your thoughtful tweets! RT : if you like people's work, tell them.
Lil mama I love you soo much I love your hair this season on ABDC and I love your and you love ICONic Boyz Plzz Follow and Reply
Obedience is the key to real faith. - Chuck Colsn
His spells won't work until he turns 10 and gets his owl from Hogwarts! Isn't that the way it works?
Just realized that my Roman-numeral bracelet (from a thrift store) contains a typo! Its sequence is XII, I, VI, XI. Last # should be IX.
really. UK and US is trending. All these damn Directioners are so pissy.
I fear that I am just a man. This is my panic! This is my call to arms!
Watching #Prohibition on and loving every minute of it.
Pitch was a tad high...but moving. would have been really late on the swing.
haha that's pebbles :P she's always up to something :P lol
Five days in counting :)
Who sucks at Super Smash Bros? This girl.
Cute. How was the trip?
realized that my hair looks like George Stephanopolis, the Clinton Years.
we just heard that tonight (thursday) @ 8 outside salon meritage will be a candle light vigil. please bring candles if you attend.
raiderville has officially begun!! If you wanna camp out, come to the field west of the ESS building!
Interested in learning more about the services/programs the Nonprofit Center offers? Register for"Helping You Help Others May 15 *FREE*
TS wants to do a master reset but again its my 4th warranty exchange n I don't wanna do that :(
I don't get how this stupid shit works I'm gonna need a twitter tutorial
One of our buyers just locked in at 3.75%!!!!!! WOOOOHOOOO!!!!!
Blame it on da Add Add Add Add Adderall
For why? RT : Eagles announce that they have signed QB Jacory Harris.
I just love bath/beauty products.....I need to stay away from Ulta and Sephora.
so funny
There's something fascinating about the nose of the Veramonte Ritual Sauvignon Blanc. It has a dried grass quality
Author writes great romances
lol 142 just on my iPhone
nothing cleaning You ?
Losing followers by the minute! Haha I'm never on sorry guys! :/
The good news is we found ur daughter; the bad news; we dropped a warthog on her...
Watched "Elf" for the first time in years and was shocked to see a younger, blonder . So
Going to DISNEYLAND!!!!!!
comes out on may 14. ~Sophie
#BlackOps2 World Reveal Trailer was Amazing The Future is Black!
& You Sir You Are Very Attractive Therefore I Will Stare At You... (;
Lol I dedicate my songs to everyone RT when are you going to dedicate a song to me?
I don't think I've ever seen someone simultaneously rock so hard and be as funny as Carrie Brownstein. Who's got time for that?
I don't give a Fuck!
A quote on automation from an old econ textbook: "one pretty machine does the work of a hundred pretty girls."
you guys are turning me on!
Excited about oppt'y to speak in the #VCE booth at #EMCWorld about how we do #Vblock in
Other than that, its NFL DRAFT DAY!!!!!! So so pumped!! :)
this guy is so awkward. hahaha.
ep!Ur welcome X) tht song is everything I felt but in a song! I love it!U guys shud come to bakersfield! Tht wud be awesome!
Anthony Davis just threw down!
I'm so proud of the 2nd year MA/MS students in MSU Mankato's Gender and Women's Studies Department defending their thesis projects!
Being a new parent...my absolute best resource for all "stuff" is - best shipping + price + customer experience I've encountered.
Wade just not feeling it today :/ but we got this (y)
I wonder if Peyton looks at last year's Broncos film & at this year's draft & thinks: "Really?! They drafted a QB? No help 4 me. Oops."
Merry Xmas hyun!
has given +K to
In total, 26 thoughtful and articulate applications to our Fellows program. This is going to be hard.
": Baby. RT : I want a pair of #Julia silhouette mudflaps for my truck." LMAO KEEP ON TRUCKING...
11 Top Celebs to Follow #1 of course, the amazing :)
deep fried french toast topped with strawberry cream cheese on special today Plus our regular brunch menu of course.
I need to Gain mhe some More followers... If you tell your followers to follow mhe ill give you a chout out in my shoutout video....
You and Alex are so cute together! Do you miss him when your not together? :)
He tryna tell me u can get cancer from smokin weed
Hello everyone at #futad!
#Swimming laps today&pushing it to the limit. Schedule is 4 days on & 3 days off for exercising! Works great for me! # days of #hottubbing!
HEY DRUM CIRCLE DIDGEREEDOOOOOON'T
Ain't No Experts Other than God! ~ Sir Charles Barkley
Do you, ? I find it annoying... it seems like it's designed not to be used.
Can't decide what annoys me more: that I didn't switch to a brown purse or that I'm annoyed that I didn't switch to a brown purse.
": ALL I WANT IS MC.DONALDS HASHBROWNS AND A CHOCOLATE SHAKE... IS THAT SO HARD" THAT ACTUALLY SOUNDS REALLY GOOD RIGHT NOW.
It's Choose You day tomorrow! Come out and play with us in Bryant Park, NYC (11-1pm), or The Hub in Bronx (2-4pm).
alright ima go. Text him though
Thank you for The follow. I look forward to your tweets.
"I feel so complete with you"
Good job Nico!
Goldy is getting a homer tonight.
i love the show Jessie with
draw a freaking card!!!!!
only because our mile adventure!!!!
I'm starting to think the real problem is is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
Okay, I admit it. Cabin in the Woods was pretty darned good.
So excited for my panel on "Working with Bloggers" at #cookbookconf. Hope you will all join me, or watch online (and Tweet questions!) 1:30P
I did this once and didn't realize it until I was walking away. I wanted to bang my head against a wall, such a dweeb move.
What is Tracy McGrady's purpose in the NBA now? He's obviously no longer a star, so what's the point?
RT UK Police Investigate Alleged Phorm Lunch With Officer: twoheadedboy writes "City of London Police are looking i......
glad to be one!!
Good Morning and Happy March! I hope everyone has been having a fruitful year thus far =)
Andrew Bynum is terrible at basketball. Pretty good at being tall & dopey though.
ah. my baby is turning 16 on Wednesday :'D
running behind schedule ray HW upgrades in process! Still with you and new #tech initiatives for
Join us for lunch! Try our newest lunch special: Orange Zest Chicken for only $8.25!
The way you carry yourself determines the kind of closed doors that your appearance and charisma can unlock.
I want coffee and ice cream :/
Watching a few DVDS..then back to writing.
ya he repiled to me so
Unlike some of yall fake people who only "love" your parents when Justin tweets about it, I actually love both my parents with all my heart.
21% of iPhone owners and 49% of iPad owners buy physical products on those devices. (via )
As long as humans continue to be the ruthless destroyer of other beings, we will never know health or peace
U r wateva ur forefathers and foremothers were! So I wud say that makes u a Moor(Muur)
Is like MTV obsessed with Trojan condoms?! Cause it seems like it's the only commercial there playing..
The class I'm in right now is so boring people are already falling asleep
how useless/writing seems/when you don't/map for silent/meaning
watch it on Netflix! It was like most popular like two week ago!
It's amazing how the first heartbreak changes your outlook on every relationship after that.
The gardens and the did a total make over! Have a lot of mythology which I love
Have you ordered from us online? Easy as 1-2-3
Oh, oh, nothing to revv you up for a debate like… STOCK UPDATES!
Eating your dried placenta...I don't think I could do that.
you all rock!!
No, it's not surprising that he flew off the handle like this. Bigger question is what happens next.
"East coast ain't got love for Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg?" I've obvi watched too many Tupac documentaries if I just thought of that at random.
Did you go to Dusty's Hair Salon?
He gone be so happy when he get his letter.
LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS!!!!
107,600 to end Day 2 of the WSOP Main Event. Day 3 Thursday. Card dead last 3 levels and ran kinda bad... #WSOPDay3!
I'd say yes!
Austin mother & 12 year old son to be evicted Monday r seeking RV or apt for ~$300/month. Prefer RV as son suffers from Asperger's
Bubble bubble bubble, bubbles n da sea This is da place 4 u & 4 me Singin on da bottom of da ocean floor On our way frm da sandy shore
Great #Pacers win!
. will be using their Facebook as a discussion board to discuss issues plaguing women (love, sex, work, etc.)
You couldn't be more wong about what I was saying.
Give me a min ya'll
Great client of mine from NYC In NY and looking for a place to eat or have a glass of wine, check out Cavatappo....
How can I donate?!
MOM! hahaha! Yes, yes, yes! love it
now...if only you could defund the #SEC before they get hold of you
I bet can give advice!
Me and my puple huffy
Man I hate Mondays at work....too many crazii attitudes...
I use LinkedIn less for jobs and connections, and more for professional forums within groups of interest to me.
OMG OMG OMG. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK.
thanks girls! A lot of them seem promising but I'm leery at this point of getting my hopes up :)
it wull definitely be a collaborative conversation! Excited to have you join us!
Nah - without Cheri Oteri at his side, he's nothing!
”Love is like a roller coaster,Once you have completed the ride,you want to go again”
haven't talked to me in forever! ^.^
Tomorrow we are to send homemade goodies. Mrs. Rlwegner quickly shot down #homebrew as an option.
Editing footage from one of the biggest Playboy Mansion parties ever while listening to insane Dubstep. There's really nothing else like it.
Use code: SIXTY for 30% OFF shirts! www.cafepress.com/cajoneswear
. . . be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.
yea i missed everybody tho
Well ...If You Don't HEar Fm Em' Very Soon, May be a Good Ieea to Be That 'Squeaky Wheel' ;)
I'm so bad at sleeping in. :|
Because then it wouldn't be dramatic.
Ok your cool....
Remember the Days I use to be a Light-Weight.
your voice is amazing. :)
It's all for you. Every thing I do.
lawl don't die! I'm joining the convo! ;) -Ash
ap world project = done. everything else = still sitting there.
thank you. Whatever you have questions on, let me know. (:
SO SO SO excited for this upcoming week! Getting busy recording my EP!
it could also mean "an innocent face" :-) Of Splash they say they just released songs and are already "bashing in faces"
You are royalty....walk in it:)
Hey Patrick you know what's funnier then 24? What? 25!!
I will love the light for it shows me the way, Yet I will endure the darkness for it shows me the stars - Og Mandino
Shout to the homey & for showing love at the Harlem Health Fair on 25th where my Aunt Rus & a bunch of others giving back
Man, the opti-grab was genius.
Up mixing down tracks
follow back please :]
Data Curation Fellows advisory brd members will also act as mentors--building up relationships and supporting fellows.
excited about my "family preservation 101" program this afternoon. resources from & are amazing.
I totally agree! Naps need to be more socially acceptable!
Game of Thrones is seriously good :)
Without me, it's just aweso.
would you mind sending one to me? hahah
All this snow makes me want to head to Boyne for the rest of the week! :)
Working fine here. Live site? link? What plugins do you have installed? Customizations to your .httaccess file or theme files?
MT A year from now, I plan to be at the #RoseBowl watching the #ArizonaWildcats Cat's 3-3-5 beats Oregon for league lead
"My independence which is my power, implicates loneliness, which is my weakness."--P.P. Pasolini
Oh shit, I can already tell this Documentary is gonna make me cry!!!!
Great news, everybody: I just signed a contract with EMI Music Publishing Portugal More great things will happen in 2012, so get ready!!!
Everyone please have a Happy & Safe 4th of July!
ok so the hottest girl at the bar and we are watching you
More popular with bears than women (not a bad thing, tbh) RT : there are also lots of hot guys in Police Teeth too!
come on Lynx!!
Thanks Mike. I'd say should practice a little restraint viral tactics.
#TeamNoSleep is a TT :) people of my kind! insomnia ftw lmfao (X
lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooo this isn't about you.
Lucky! RT : Just saw Michelle Pfeiffer and Johnny Depp arriving at Ellen. I like my job today:)
my house. You?
just posted a link to the Dressing Room 4 finale on my Facebook page
you know when you have a nice beat when it sounds good hahahah
Thanks for everything in Vegas. Pleasure to meet you. New Yorkers unite!
happy bday beautiful :) have fun and be safe!
I have! He's cool
Lol RT "PayPal. The world's most-loved way to pay and get paid." Uh huh, sure.
Hahah cross that one off the list
Many of my inside people are curious and optimistic about the potential under BB. 1/2
thank-you for the #followfriday mention. It is always appreciated!
Make sure to grab the $10 presale, it's gonna be $15 at the door!!
WORK...BACK 2 BUSINESS ....
You may not be aware- but a serving size of sushi is just one roll. We know! We're bummed about it to.
The In Living Color theme song was my favorite song.
"Life is the sum of all your choices." - Albert Camus
We ought to maintain the character of this area. It's critical we not destroy the places of beauty and grace that we have already.
Yeayyyyy repeats! Never gets old. :)
Getting my Dog the Bounty Hunter marathon on tonight. Kinda behind, cause i been busy. But better late then never. Right? haha
yea that was a lie, we're goin to drink at the terrace! Wanna come?!
You da best!
#gdc #GDC12 selling an all access pass to GDC. For the early bird alumni price. Email mstegman at FAS org
Loved chatting with the folks at last week at about how fun events are 4 #moms and #moms2be!
Wish I was in cinci for concert saw a pic of the setup that stage is dope surrounded by the city
Score! I will be in touch.
no official date set yet, shooting for the end of June
found it. I appreciate wat y'all are doing. Means a lot to me
1) "I am willing to be near ice cream" 2) "I am willing to smell ice cream" 3) "I am willing to eat ice cream" 4) "I love to eat ice cream"
But isn't a lot of Woody Allen about that process too? Annie Hall, Manhattan, etc.?
that did not just happen.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day.
Guuurl be careful with that Sharon Osborne now that we all know the truth bout
It is safe to say that #Hannity show has now sunken to the level of a gossip magazine. Constant "shocking insights" into Obama life.
Can Wade score some points instead of being a punk?
When a band you love isn't together anymore :(
Hahah ...umm ouch...RT : "I refuse to believe that corporations are people until Texas executes one."
In his latest vlog, says he looks like he is in "Panic.. manic... " I thought that was pretty cool...
WTH #Gophers RT : Guys on ESPN radio 104.5 say chances of LSU hiring Tubby Smith VERY high. Hanagriff says 80%.
I know. I had to deal with 4 years of cutting because of it. Then I went to a MH too. Better now, but that didn't change society.
Awesome! Thank you! I'm so pleased you enjoyed it! Exclamation Point!
I'm a dude! Or, that's what Lindzi called me on her ranch RT If you're a dude and you love #TheBachelor retweet! Ain't no shame
I would, if I don't talk to you.
Chuckling at Vint "father of the Internet" opening keynote at
“: That awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" & you're just standing there like "...I wish"”
whats up twitter
Thanks! This is a film by another filmmaker. So cool to just focus on the part but kinda weird to not be producing.
A world of fucking art
" I guess you can't put a price on fun in a boring town." Words by Hahaha
Was very cold today
Goin to a football game
TRYING TO GET SOME MORE SHOW BOOKED FOR MY ARTISTS DOWN.THERE..SO NOT SURE....WAS GON COME NEXT WEEKEND..BUT NOT SO SURE
Justin now I'm reading your book, but I'm back here in Italy is hard to find but I find it amazing!
he could have just as easily thrown it to one side or another not straight back
Hey my Twitter followers, (all 12 of you), go 2 kupl.com; click on "Watch", then "KUPL Listener Blog". I need followers...Please & thanks!
What's your favorite non-major search engine? Why? (Updating our "search the web" page.)
Or maybe they are and I just have too much trust. Regardless, interesting and thought provoking tweet. Thanks.
Earth hour starts in 6 minutes.
you're not #1 on keek anymore :( let's make it happen again <3
thank you so much! Have a wonderful weekend.
Having one of those days where EVERYONE is irritating me…it’s been difficult to stay positive.
its always nice when you got the day off on pay day
I'm ready to sink some balls in holes! o.o .. Wait.
This City game is absolutely unreal
working on Gilded Lily's on the 22nd!
hahahah No not helping
Lucky for you. Go...Rangers? Blackhawks? Maybe Predators? I don't like this game so much
I wounder if i have enough music on my iTouch to pass 2 hours...
Thank you for the RT! May the beauty of your spirit warm, radiate, and pulsate like a lighthouse beacon all the day long! Love ya!
I have no patience dumbass
"Wow. You're wearing way more shirt than normal," Lauren adds. MT : "new shirt?" says to me, "it has fewer holes than usual."
getting the dog from the vet and planning to watch her stagger around from the anesthesia.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME<3
I might retract my trade up statement w/ WR's falling. Might not need to.
Last expo day tomorrow ... hope to see you there! Sunday hours 10-4
Today is going to be productive so some of this new found stress will go away.
Nice timing I was just in the middle of placing an order for the extended battery pack and a spare mount. Need it for Sunday.
Omg you live I Florida just like me :D
We have a new server ready - vpn-mf11 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, Florida. It's available in your customer area now.
LOST DOG ALERT: Australian Sheepdog, male, white & tan, 40 lbs. Lost in Fell's Pt. If you have any info, contact Maria at 917-647-7779. RT!
Candidates will be required to use various tools and testing methodologies to execute against a testing plan as well ad-hoc testing
Thanks Bianca. Your regards are much appreciated.
i want a summer relationship <U+2665>
One Week until the Chicago Zine Fest!
so jealous! i wanted to go!!
RT - Indians won today! WOO. Have I ever mentioned that I love Cleveland sports?
Go Bucks! Haha
Please check out my book on my page titled, 'A Cross to Bear'. You can review poems at Amazon.com, appreciate you!!!!
Damn great YouTube film of Mike Brown he was special a playmaker and a Leader sad story of a career ending way to soon.
"I am Carlos Ruiz....my nickname is Chooch"
Big love to DJ Freeverse for hooking me up with the great Chingo Bling today! (Taylor)
Nae? that sounds...kinda bad.
Boy, I haven't been on Twitter in a while! Unfortunately, I didn't make it to the event. So I REALLY hope they have it next year!
Prospecting for listings.
Sleep already? The night is young!
hahaha I kinda like it...(:
Even as an artist I may celebrate my national identity, I look forward so much more to the day when I have found my global stars in my self.
Got 62 today on long jump so mr.howisey made me try te tripple jump in the gym. Now im the new alternate (:
Best wishes & learning to you 2
#TheHell, but I think I've only seen 1 of those joints in my life for real.
": turning wifi on & off on the iphone takes too many steps" Life is a bitch.
thats very very good baby
Omg... That just made my life.
I swear you ignore me everytime you get on...
To many cars on the track anyway!! Go24!!
Yesterday, I cared so much. Today I don't give a shit. Tomorrow, I'll probably care again.
India test-flies naval version of LCA
mraow up to early!
the network doesnt care about manrays safety they just want him back to act.
": “ GO GET HIM RICKY. 1of these days these hypocrites will learn 2 keep their religious beliefs 2 THEMSELVES
I'd add *If balances are significant* to what wrote. Is that 1k or 10k? Likely the latter but....
Soon to be off to the isle of Manhattan for 's Oscar Party then to Barracuda to see the lovely . Quiet Sunday?
Hailey Anne Nelson's sleeping now finally. Her epidural wore off today, was a rough day.
Black Hospitality Initiative Of Greater Miami 1st Annual Recognition Reception on Thursday, June 28th. Visit...
Get dibs on low rates now! TripDibs great Vegas hotels!
- I work for my family...
watz up mb and omg!
I'm locked out my freaking house . How great -_-
I really wish this rain delay would end soon because I'm sick of hearing about the #RedSox and Terry Francona.
haha i never realized that song said that.
My girlfriend left me because of my obsession with Linkin Park. In the end, it doesn't even matter.
hell yeah bestie!!! lol I'm the best thing that happened to you since #sex LMMFAO! J/P
gm text from my bae #PRICELESS :)))))
That is great! Where can I hear your music! Ha yes I am a huge miley fan!!
Way to go Snyder!
If you have any pictures of the final scoreboard, I hope you will photoshop them to a more favorable result.
Leon Joe was Acc but another brutal pick can't take it no more Lovie ur type guys never make star status.
The Newark Now Family Success Centers and Delta Children's Products are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower and we need your...
working on www.AccessibilityCampDC.org registration & sponsorship payments. To help e-mail
The Voices in the Clouds screening last night was super cool. And a bit nerve wracking. Esp for director, Aaron Hose.
Found out today that I'll be at #mozcon this year! Woohoo! Last year was awesome, except for the WiFi snafu...bringing my own this time :)
Looking forward to the new year!
u r more den welcome
:D Sagane la .D
yo homie. any chance of you coming to battle in NY for PoisonPenTV or URL?
My Dream has ALWAYS been SU .. but the ATL has been on my heart for awhile !!!
awww shucks. thanks rick.
she ain't you(:
tht was yu at the park
yeah that's what they are using so we can sprinkle her with diapers and little things,
Tonight's SVU is about gay marriage? Congrats to Dick Wolf on fastest headline rip
you're probably at ebersole next to the ice rink
yes we do. We have to get that pic of u and cody. Nite,, moms yelling at me to go to. Bed
You don't understand, and I'm not sure that you ever could.
Had a fab night at the Christmas party in Mass Ave.
RANDALL COBB!!!!!
they overdo it. cause they think that's the trend now
Great softball game in Poynette as Sun Prairie wins 5-4 in 11 innings. Only TV station that stayed for the end was WKOW.
Nextbop showcase got postponed to next year, but I came anyway :)
I like the part of Alice in Wonderland when the good guys drop their weapons in disgust after winning the war.
Sad the #49ers lost!! We #niner #fans need to get a $1 #drink from #bartab!
Child: Can we go to Zaxbys? Parent: You got some zaxbys money? Child: No Parent: so sit back and be quiet -_-
It takes a lot of practice to balance categories and maximize value. Completely different than real bball. Who ya got?
Please pray for pastor David Rosales.
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. - Euripides
Arm/Ab work-out complete...triceps burning
Wine improves with age. The older I get, the better I like it.
I noticed that after I took the pic lol. Thanks finky-pooh :)
Hey there you should check us out :)
are you doing assisted suicides with the video?
Americans spend $190B a year on content - speaking at
I didn't expect you to :)
Dude your setup is gonna be pro as fuck. I'll for sure be there man
THE RAID: CONQUEST OF PARADISE
Sorry I didn't help last night! If you're still looking for food in SM, lmk. Excellent places there- even inside nordies!
I'd like to be in on the test run of the #accessibility podcast, if the opportunity is still there. Thanks!
why? What happened D: text me
UK is merking
I like this band and i like rock.
lol!! word. good morning. thanks for that laugh! :D
I love Lemonade Mouth!!!can you follow me?please><
You thought this was the end, honey, you haven't seen the last of me.
Alright cool thank you
OMG - director onstage focusing "the VL6" and no lighting designer in sight -- arghhh!!!
that's what they say lol
It is! Congrats!
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend. If she doesn't get jealous when someone has your attention, it's because someone has hers....
babe you got it.
contemplating my place in the twitterverse--remain a citizen or no?
why do all your web redemptions involve young ladies? And tonight a sketchy van?
I wish Seattle knew it could be happier place if it wanted to be.
Not knowing where ur tights are :/
he should<33
Does have a Friends group? If not, volunteer services is super supportive & helpful if you want to start one.
RT : Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you.
Who was the person you suggested we follow at yesterday's #BrewersSMIS? I can't find it so I must be watching off
i dont think i could run international tours for a living
Oh, hai, Google! You just lost yourself an Android user with that little stunt!
Oh, I have something snarky and inappropriate to say. I'll hold back. But yes, you're so right on!
im sorry but whenever i hear big time rush i wanna jump off a cliff and fall in water, full of sharks.
Today will be a BETTER DAY!!!
That's right! My wife is a buckeye. It's her only flaw. :)
And yes,we made our own Gyro meat for the Gyro burger! Anyone know any Greek zombies to name the burger?
we're promoting the honda crz hybrid for a natl media challenge by recycling cans to fund road trips. We'd love your support!
In the studio mixing my new album. It's a dubstep album made from the noises deaf people make during sex.
and I woke up at a -100% because I had a dream my mom bought me this dope ass sweater. I woke up in a great mood.
I was driving the PCH with the windows down. It got kind of cold for this FL girl :)
he is now my favorite person : )
Whats wrong zocote?? text me!!! and omg I need to tell you something ASAP!
Holding my new baby in my hands--just a few ounces & about 5x6 ish inches ;-) It's Precious! bit.ly/977TG
hahahah tink really need to lay off roman's word cause he made them up lmao
19 more to go.
The boxee box? It doesn't do amazon vod, any itunes drm'd stuff, or netflix from what I can tell.
Have fun. Stay warm! RT : I'm at Gillette Stadium for Denver Broncos vs. New England Patriots w/
rt my link bro. Where u from I'll bro
City shutting down again with a 2" snowfall?
Happy Hour from 5pm to 7pm at the Island's Sushi Bar!
just ENOUGH info on a monday morning. I'm 3 cups of coffee in!
chicago should be your next stop.
Lord, help me to project your face on Facebook and Twitter, as well as in my day to day life.
tell me about it
getn ready for work
NIK! looked through pics of barcelona last night... how's it going buddy?
let's talk. I am struggling with this on our campus.
Studio session at 1 with and ! YEE BUDDY! LET'S GO!!! :)
How, where?
Miss me with all those games. <U+270C><U+270C>
Hey! I haven't a clue how to work this thing. Help me
St Francis PD reporting several cars stuck in snow. EB Layton in the 1800 block
Be Kind Rewind
I'm sorry - hope she rallies soon. Nut allergies are frightening. And quick. Always makes me worry serving food to groups.
actually, Urs, it's called phone calls to Viño.
good lord girl! How much longer will you be on night shift?
Wow, I missed out on some good potential discussions by not paying attention to this account. My bad. :-(
if you look like a Goldberg there's no reason for your lastname on Fb or Twitter should be Kardashian..
This just in: is still awesome. That is all.
I wonder if my paycheck will have that back pay on it yet... all I know is I better get my money by next payday -__-
well you have the magic code, so just let me know!
if you're looking for something to do tonight, I'm playing at the Armory in Janesville 8-1030. Hope to see you there!
Bedtime. Up bright and early.
good point, I'm not so sure about it as a reading device either. Still a fan of my original Kindle.
Talk to your customers like you know them. And if you don't know them, get to it... You can't fake it anymore.
box office now open! call now to get tixs to see 916-925-5500
Hate in your heart can consume you too
Last night I was Asian. Tonight I'm Italian. Tomorrow I shall be ESKIMO!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Big news on the horizon... Ready for rehearsals for The Nautical Yards to begin in Feb...
what's your prediction for the Clark Cup
NOW I'M CLIMBING THE WALLS. BUT YOU DON'T NOTICE AT ALL. THAT I'M GOING OUT OF MIND. ALL DAY AND ALL NIGHT.
NO RIP LEVON HELM Drummer/Singer from my all time favorite band died today. I have his lyrics written on my chest. RIP!
Our 1922 hs annual has a story abt the seniors painting all the freshman green. Would have taken gas to remove.
When people overuse #sorryforit <<
I can't stop eating.
good :) and aww :P you up to much? xoxoxo
Just added CD Tray Cards (4.75x4.75) to our product offering. Same price as all other flyers. Only $100 for 1,000
Guess so. Hope it warns up for ya.
2011 Tech Rewind: This Year in the UK
Bbl i need some sleep
Happy Friday Twitter-tastic friends! Make it a great one!
Only ONE person can put me back in a good mood. When I ten 18 I'm moving FAR away
June second pool party and bonfire at house!
i hope you see this justin! I love you, your BELIEBERS love you. And you made us smile just by you smiling. <U+2665>
RT : I want to thank my big sis for teaching about the game of football. I learned everything from her.<<Thanks
Bulls fan just sat across from me at the Denver airport. Rubbing salt in the wound.
Poor davey jones
<<< Looking like a bag of money
16 how about you?
I hate when people act like its such a bother to be around them. Get over yourself
The survey works like a charm.
Taking my ass back to bed !
in session: quality employee development on a shoestring budget
#justsoyouknow I love and support Mindless Behavior with all my heart <3!
The Afro beat episode recorded earlier this week will be posted later today
At the V103 offices with and "Ugly Part of Me" comes on.
its gonna happen tonight!
Bosh and Gasol have no business being in this game.
I really miss bade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Me too, haha. I go a little overboard sometimes :)
i will support you all the way, and i always will listening to your sonngs i close my eyes and pretend that your next to me!
It's a great day - and weekend - for a boat ride! Join us on Sam Patch in Pittsford and experience a lock.
Viva Mexico! 1-0 over Chili. :)
I'm real excited to leave this place hahaha but I'm going to miss some people =(
iPhone pinky cramping has returned....
No worries!! You know I'm a fan of your work! Good #seo #tools #intuitive #adfree #search #dumbsearch #dumbseo :)
I can fix it remotely for $50. Give a shout if needed.
Hoppy Day 2 of #pcbw. What events are everyone planning to attend today? Remember to check in on and use the #pcbw tag!
love you too! We need to hang out this summer!
Watching legend of the guardians and happy valentines day
k grand wizard reminds me of Matt good. If u don't know what I'm talking about, watch the interview
same here, if people would just learn to laugh at their problems
My exception handling code is throwing exceptions...rad
I want some zaxbys!!!
Being like 10 feet away from Justin Bieber
doing it starting right meow.
Freebird's has a good sound system! Come on out, one more set from 1:45-3.
LOCALS NIGHT! Locals Entry is just $5! Tons of gorgeous girl, message me for free admission and free limo pick up!
. when I find dead roaches in my house does that mean my Orkin man is doing a good job or bad?
I'm in the cafeteria for the last time this school year. Come on over if you need help or just want to chat. I'll be here until 4:30.
I'll be there dudes.
I thought the same thing.
awkward tan lines <
show me my w-2 and then I'll do my taxes! (But seriously it always takes FOREVER to get my w-2.) :(
Ignorance prevails. Way to go Amendment 1 supporters! You should feel real proud. Good luck explaining your vote to your grandchildren.
There are some good looking women that are following me. #heyhowsitgoin!
album coming ??
Great u found me.. </3
LA's fourth quarter defensive strategy: put 5 guys on Lawson and Afflalo.
lol I am glued to Dexter too :) hehe
salad, green tea no sugar and water !
Thanks Jennifer. That's right, you guys have spent some time there recently.
Hey Tax Collectors! We are playing #CarmelHighSchool tomorrow morning at 11:30 or so. Tune in Central Indiana 91.3 FM WHJE!!
i enjoy Malachi 2:2-3. (god: "if people dont glorify me, i will make their kids retarded and smear shit on their faces.")
I can go for some right now...you can try it at Much Ado About Brew - details at www.kgoradio.com/beer
was in my dream last night & it was like we'd known each other forever. He was warm, kind, inviting, everything I'm sure he is.
Rise & Grind.
why am I up?
We will be updating everyone on Game Workshops paint changes next week when we get the correct information about it! We can't wait!
I hope the debate will always be necessary. RT : That trade will be debated till the end of time.
Oh, one more--what about Lloyd Alexander's The Book of Three?
Jeff drop his shit yet !?
damn what a rack!!
Enjoy holding your sweet little Briar for the very first time !
oh so let me get this straight, you do or do not start on the DBU basketball team?
Yeah, I'll check in with you end of May. Bwahahaha.
Check out! my new WEBSITE! www.outofdabluecreator.com
My kindergartener is learning about homonyms. At this rate I will be of no use to him come 2nd grade.
Love it!!!
Nailed it.
This is the last one for now! It's rebooting right now
PBS is doing more with #Storify and the News Hour has a great account to check-out. Great for events says
was slow...i get it...and we've done...hadn't envisioned this as a quote-per-pol at 1st, but got obsessed on captions!
some baked goods would be nice :) lol.. But no problem.. Canes and helping is a win-win
If that trick does not come out tonight, hell will rise
Already loving #coldplayonidol :D ugh. Chris Martin.
he's been awful lately. Like, epically bad. And I don't disagree about TT. You know my feelings about that.
Depends on def. of transparency. Regulators list every aspect of rule making online, it's just a dry subject.
Performing at Luther's Table in Renton on Saturday was amazing. More shows in Seattle this week. www.jonathanicholson.com
Well happy early Birthday Day. wish you the best
Putting together my presentation for Michigan called "phones, they aren't just for calling anymore" What is your favorite iPhone app?
Anyone wanna bet me that the new giant-baby-looking N. Korean leader won't look like an old lady, as his father did, within 20 years?
Oh my god, right?! And yet I so rarely have cause to peel an ENTIRE head of garlic. I might have to invent a reason.
Just caught up on #GameOfThrones. It's going down! Why can't I stop watching Weeds? Oh yea the season premier and last episode are good.
Fucking Jay Leno. You're fucking funny.
Today is Warrior Dash day ... Bring it!
I heard that #everyoneknows <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
too much fun!
New, coming Friday to the Carmike theater at Indiana Mall: The Lucky One with Zac Efron and some girl named Taylor...meh.
Is it time to quote Rodney King yet?
you guys were awsome in vegas, and nice meeting you at the meet and great man good shit
The last film I walked out on was THE CROW: CITY OF ANGELS. THE DEVIL'S CARNIVAL now holds this distinction. 5 minutes in was too long. 0/10
BUNDLE UP BUTTERCUPS! are playing TONIGHT DO NOT SLEEP! +++ 18+/9:00pm +++
It's free for a limited time to register and start selling your ideas on GIS Extensions Market.
Yeah. Extra two miles though for stupidity!
We went with the chocolate lab... Now to name her.. Bailey, Daisy, Kenzie, or Sophia? Can't choose between those names. :x
everybody acts like the fact of the matter is I can't add up to what you can.
conversely, there's a heated battle for last place this week. 30+ moves vs 7+ moves
ok I message you
Cool. Log in and join the chat!!!
of course :) see you tomorrow!
Adding to my previous note, ALL of our minds are blown :) Thanks for the Valentines treats! cc
#AR is in the "silent movie" stage. Haven't established metaphors that people can relate to, e.g. Desktop, Trash Can. "Magic Lens"
Got killed on the boards AGAIN!!
Nice - besides Hollywood Center Studios, you must be the first in the Biz to migrate to burgeoning dtLA
sarcasm ! Is what I ment sorry my blackberry frigged up! And doesn't matter don't get the joke do u!
check out the new website. www.susannahnesmith.com critiques welcome.
we try lol! We wanna help make it less stressful on u.
My flip video camera not working correct, on/off spring button doesn't spring back up...should i return it for a new one?
Ha! I think I've seen her since then.
thanks darlin, happy Easter!
can't wait to see pics!
Guess who's back! #texashold'em
He might have been a good fit for the Cowboys, Garrett needs an o/c. Todd Haley?
they both have a very strong voice
12 more minutes i cant wait:)
A9 reliably being open and available, consistently true and real build TRUST
Ms. Vaughn, what are you talking about? If awaiting criminal proceedings they aren't in ICE custody. Again, stop lying.
Happy Spring back to you! I am loving hearing all of the birds chirping and seeing the green start to emerge! New Energy!
how else do u respond to somebody callin u a goofy...
Because I'm 65, my back WENT OUT. I need a hamburger and Vicodin soup delivered, please.
Nothing yet, and nothing expected
in this case, someone sends a DM under my screen name, for example, alleging that someone is saying bad things about you, w/ link
I told my parents that if I can't go to 's NYC concert, I'm gonna cry and never talk to them again. They don't understand.
HD tv is not kind to Coughlin.
“: Miss there and their happy attitude! ahahah They were great” SO TRUE
BET Awards? I think YES!
#Lakeview, stop in for a late lunch. Our roasted potato garlic soup has made the whole store smell phenomenal.
Our pleasure! RT : Thanks for the support!
like you're glued to some sort of bloomberg terminal there, ucwidt
Loved your #blogwell presentation!
Haha I did not know that but how would anyone be able to determine that?
The only disorder I care about is dis order of chili-cheese fries.
thanks for the shoot out bruh!
done, thx for follow ;)
Got my gorgeous Free Comic at the amazing #AfterTimeComics in Alexandria VA
they're prob trying to make a hive place-I kept finding them inside for 2days-the last day we had 12 in the livingroom
Lets go bucks
"bobby! What are you doing??" "I'm speed dating!" lololololol
MT : Thanks you and the for a great #AUEarthWeek event at
I think the inspiration behind this account, , should follow me. RT if you think so too!!
OMG my whole Salon was just singing Mrs. Right.
Can't wait to see the new Swole heber brown come July
Why thank you! Which location did you visit?
"If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams." - Les Brown #quote via
Four guitars, a banjo, a ukulele, a mandolin, some mics and some amps, three suitcases, a cooler, and a cowboy hat. And it's showtime.
Tomorrow! Tomorrow! I love ya, Tomorrow you're only a day a way!
Hey! How are you? How's your week going? When does the new mag w/ your column come out?
Hey Chris!! Oxymoron for you today... Democratic Conservative. This is a group of Jews rooting for the wrong team!
Just talked to grandma of baby girl who was shot in the head this morning while asleep in the same bed as her mom. Mom okay; baby in surgery
I’d suggest covering the cables in rat poison, but since you didn’t think they’d appreciate capsaicin goo …
Dig around and see if you have some all-ages tracks for a little project...
coke over pepsi isn't controversial enough (or at all)
alright seriously time to pack for dallas... which jerseys to bring?
I do not care who the Florida lawyer is: as long as this PERVASIVE, INSTITUTIONALIZED Autism bullying & abuse continues, I wont participate.
Woohoo! I'm going! RT #Brewers advise that tickets left for 3:10 p.m. game Saturday are now limited to standing room only.
Hugs! RT : ": GM!! "A hug is a great gift - one size fits all, and it's easy to exchange."" *Hug*
Congratulations to the NY Giants and all of their fans...two weeks until pitchers and catchers
you should have gone pre-paid so you could take a managed step back into the mobile world.
lol unknown right he was a out to hit a lbj lol
Digital delivery will never be quite as satisfying as new issues of and landing in mailbox on same day
Playing It UNsafe: Shadings by Laura Elise Schwendinger is being played now
sometimes you just gotta look in the mirror.
You're so brave! :-)
Good Morning.
Also, my #Xikar #pipe lighter is junk, and I am sending it back to #China today.
Cali is good I love it so far just trying to get a big boy job so I'm not so broke lol
we were the truest for watching finding nemo all day every day. I still randomly quote it. Lol
How much would one cost?
lol oh aiight. do you have a reverbnation page?
philadelphia is like the kinder garden version of miami
I really can't wait 4 belive like its gonna b sumthing new & a different style & 2 show how justin is maturing in music :) its gonna be epic
Happy Mother's to all of you out there in the twitter verse!
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 17.
RT : Some of the world's greatest feats were accomplished by people not smart enough to know they were impossible.
A man is quick 2 call his BM crazy, my first ? is what did u do 2 her lol
Just arrived. Where is everyone? RT : On the move to the iOS developers meetup!
So...maybe it was't such a great idea to watch the grudge before going to sleep.. #nosleeptonight !
Did a 20 min arms circuit after work, no running today, legs are just to sore from yesterday. Poker time
why the hell do I care?
$2.50 Sausage wraps till Closing time! Come hit up the Shack.
I hate the roof only being 83% open...
Mostly, I find High Violet over-produced—the bones are there, and the songs sound great live (except zombie stuff…)
Driving a Hummer limo tonite waiting here at Cosmo for some lucky gorgeous girls that I'm picking up to go party with.
Getting ready for
you do a nice job of twisting my words/comments. Not worth trying to have a "dialogue" with you. Get a grip.
So this ref guy is trying me bro. Me fighting in the gym w/ like a 34 year old? I will attack you like a fucking monkey!
did you just tweet to dead people? I love it! Great sentiment.
Saw a DePaul student production of Crooked by Catherine Trieschmann. 's also producing it next month.
aw are you okay girl?!
Win Cash & Books! Twitter Party May 8-&gt; 8 p.m. EST Follow #UntilNextTime as author Amy Lignor answers your ??'s live on Twitter.
You know you're tired when you wash your hair with body wash and your body with shampoo
Just terribly taught Cramer's rule in discrete math with awful sinus cold... bah! Got a sub for the rest of the day.
Going out on a limb here...thinking "Gooch" is not a fan.
Fly-aways making you hate your hair in the winter? Emulsify a little serum or pomade between your hands and work it through.
what were the videos you had a couple months ago? Like 1000$?
#AGT drinking game rule #3, if the contestant is a total weirdo drink. This game is going to lead to SO much alcohol poisoning.
Wideman Lazy play!
I'd totally do it! Hate heights, but love the thrill.
we're students at UCF looking actors, producers, talent, and crew members! Send some ppl our way!
: Is Jazz in the Garden definitely happening again this summer?
if there was another rumor about you being dead spreading on twitter... i might just believe it. you never tweet anymore!
Dear Valentine!
Hostage mode at Bellagio, macau still here but at other table, nobody quitting my game, which is quite good.
thank god. i wouldve been kinda embarrassed, cuz i typed that with confidence. ha
I love proving people wrong<3
Yes, Lord, my heart burns within me in the joy of your presence in the midst of confusion and pain.
It was a blast!
We have some outstanding news...want to know?
It is a shorter version of our salary survey, just pulls your data from LinkedIn. Our survey tells you what others are making,
Worried about my kitteh today, getting tooth surgery at That little face has worked its way into my heart these past 6 weeks.
Just listened to this entire joint man....how can I get a copy? No download link? #$hit
All I see is lies
tonight is gonna be a fucking party (:
I can't even
what instrument do you play?
#TicketHorse is back to work for 2012 - Tell us your dream event for the New Year. Sports, concerts, theater: what would it be?
RT“: Politics, religion, and money are things I discuss with loved ones. Not twitter.”
Forever moshing on my mom.
Never have I fallen off a hammock so many times in one hour! Here's to bruises and summer memories! I love you <3
I can't take back the words I never said.
Can't Wait For My Performance At Lego Land,! I'll Keep You All Posted <3
U all I need & I never let go
So terribly sad :-/
Peeling these potatoes for my mama.
Still trying to find watching baseball exciting, but I am LOVING seeing all these Red Sox fans squirm. I can get behind this.
I have so much work to do but all I want to do is sing and then sleep.
what a mess.
lets try and connect in the AM, I may have a strong lead for us to explore.... its an #iOS project in mobile banking..
Hello Buzz, I enjoy Reading your Sports Columns at "The Daily Beast" Online? I liked "Is the NFL Too Violent" Column!
I got the other one. is too fre$h
u should be able to ride with us or maceo. we'll all be there. ima see if i can get brandon on guitar too
Velvet Tango Room was wonderful yesterday. Think it's a little pricey? Go there on weekdays between 4:30-7 for happy hour prices - $5 off.
Sounds like you have not done your research - That is the Corn Refiners speaking - Autism, Obesity & Pancreatic Cancer disagree!
To the elders of reggae: If we do not give dem our time & TEACH/Encourage de youth we can't complain.gwan help mold a DREAM /WeNeed1another
I don't think IBA realized how bad it was going to be. Should have canceled imo. Would have been awful if hit downtown.
sure I will
Four days in, are you sticking to your resolutions?
I swear that message from got me in a bad mood today.
Cloning of humans will never be allowed in the US until it is proven to be safe and that is expected to be years from now.
So are you happy w/the title? Fingers crossed! -> just went through this w/ Grand Central for a fall release.
I miss you too!
Merry Christmas!
Glad to hear it Nathan.
Guess ill watch this game since the rangers are postponed
I saw this on facebook! Thanks for sharing it here!
Girl ya hips make me wanna change religions, just as long as you ain't no pigeon, shawty we can be country livin...
Finally in the house it's been a long day
so metta world peace was being ignorant and dumb in his interview? that is so out of character for him.
bowling for soup or At The Skylines?
I can conquer anything in them. I put them on and a whole new adrenaline takes over
Thanks for sharing. Great looking Tiffany windows and what a spectacular structure.
ugh Do it!! I'll teach you school senior year... ;) I love and miss you so much too!!
RT": I create content. It's stolen or scraped constantly but I oppose #SOPA & #PIPA. #Censorship is more dangerous than theft.
You are irreplaceable and irresistible. Together we'll make this unbreakable.
Realized that the reason I like egg whites only best is that I put in so much butter it's like eating egg butter. Delicious egg butter.
I cant believe you
here! Not too packed
Got Money
I found you all .. sorry I was late
": havefun please remember the dates 7-11" ok :-) I got a connect for you too...I will call you tomorrow
"You can kiss your family and friends goodbye and put miles between you but at the same time you carry them with you in your heart ..."
Preparing for a super event tomorrow with featuring a live demo, Scallop Tiradito
follow me plzz
I've noticed Haha. I wonder why that is.
true.. did all the tweeting, we just tweeted along with her & others caught on.
Another great project finished tonight side by side with ! What's next?
just follow me and i'll go back to twitter!
The Reform-y Hillbillies?
Revamping our website. What are your #technology and #IT company website pet peeves?
What # was Tre wearing as a RB? If he sticks at RB who is more likely to change #'s Tre or Max? Since only one on O can have it
You are my no. 1 DILF. And I mean that in the most respectful way...
Thank you
In the P rounding up all my drug dealing gang banger friends then heading to the sushi buffet for birthday dinner ya heard me.
#GOP VOTERS R NOW "enemies of Constitutional #DEMOCRACY by supportng "IMMORAL BUDGET" condemnd by Cath Bishops
amen to that, sista!
Jealousy Is An Ugly Trait. . . #RealFactsAboutLife <3
Everyone on Facebook now understands your views on gay rights. You do not need to shove it down peoples throats.
Thanks for the RT :D
Summer means choosing to only see the people that I actually enjoy, therefore I look forward to it.
...and apparently you've had your #x100 a few days! You've been holding out on us!
Having a blast on the set of #BailOut getting up close and personal with #TerryKiser ;) Honestly really fun set. Love it.
If you are a school, counselor, psychologist, clinician or tween parent, we'd like to connect with you! We share helpful news for parenting.
Help! Anyone have a cust ser number for #ISTE2011? 800 number on their site is going to VM.
love it!!!
Let's celebrate Campaign for #Justice Month! When you renew your bar dues, check off the box to donate to legal services.
Welcome to Twitter, HEC!!
$59 to fill up this morning. i almost cried.
alright sounds good bro
Let's continue working to make our neighborhoods more livable.
that is so cool! I don't actually recognize either of those, but I'm still really excited for you. Protest music FTW!
$20 minimum order though, guys
Name this Movie Quote: "Women... Can't even live with them anymore."
I am confident the exam will not prove difficult for you. :-)
I wish these work errands would run themselves so I can get there! :(
you can posterize everyone in the NBA, Anthony only got lucky last night, keep going hard man, keep them dunks coming!!!
How the hell is 81.7% a C+ on a standard grading scale Bitch that's a B- better fix that shit
Happy "International Woman's Day" to all...
its called
I wanna go to hollywood today
Overbooked my flight so I took the two free round trip tickets to anywhere they were offering.
BOO! SOCIAL STUDIES HOMEWORK! >=O
Thursday people, what's good in Nashville for you tonight?
If you're going to go with OCR (rather than re-keying or something like that) Abbyy is a good enough choice... :)
April Fools day:a day were every1 who isnt funny thinks they r, & 4 every1 2 say wat they want, & every1 thinks its just a joke
M.O.G. from Warriors.For.Christ & ANGEL of D.O.C. "Disciples of Christ" NOT ONLY LED SOMEONE TO CHRIST BUT HELPED SOMEONE GIVE THERE...
- Hey David, I'll be at the tomorrow. I'm thinking around 1pm. Can't wait to see South Africa representing!
#CloudExpo - we will be in attendance- watch for us #CloudTriXs - or let us know what Booth you are at for Partnering, Alliance, & or Sales
Giuliana, can you please follow me, I have a question to ask you off list
Donald Driver & his dance partner have new t-shirts to help get your vote! Check them out coming up on
I'm dying to hear! re: Crazy shit happens when least expected.
Different things work for other people! I'm totally not against public school..it's just not for me! :)
John Glenn = American hero. The real deal.
still won't be "special" enough to win a title. Too many individuals... Not enough team players.
#EverybodyWantsToBe a star - but nobody wants to work for the star power.
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included. Bernard Manning
Beliebers are always trying to find another fanbase to hate on cause they think they Justin is God.
Fuck you Fazolis for taking 7 years to make my food.
OMG I should probably go to bed now.. its 3 in the morning and I woke up at 8 am yesterday. #StayingUpLateAgain #beautyrest haha :-D
I think I might!
:-) At This Mexican Restaurant w/ the moms. <3
Blah imma sleep -.-
Remember when was only at #8million followers
the hottest date they will EVER get.
get it girl!!! She'll be glad to know you listened.
Also bumped into coach Crean who says Friday's rematch against Kentucky will be "an epic night"
Ever try to ride your bike with your dog jogging along? Well, if you do be careful and watch for squirrels! Oh, and wear a helmet.
it aint mine its for her fool. lol
HAHA I still can believe it!!I know,super sonrisota!! Lol I friggin died. Can you believe they pick my card from 800 biz cards?!
Grove is a #ToysforTots collection center. If you care to donate; please bring a New, Unwrapped Toy & join us for our Holiday Celebrations!
I watched Superman fly away, You've got a busy day today, Go save the world, I'll be around...
Good morning
I'm honored to be mentioned in Inside Source's latest article! I love the abstract work by Los Angeles painter Carla Mesa which hangs in...
I'm just a girl, tryin' to find a place in this world. -Taylor Swift
Anyone going to the Gimme Summer Ya Love tour 8/26?(:
all I'm focused on right now is graduating
Today's fitness inspiration: it's better to suck it up than to suck it in.
I got through it. Let's leave it at that! LOL. <U+2192> can't wait to see the footage!! Can only imagine how incredible u sounded...
yes i can help
It's going to be a beautiful weekend! Who's doing something exciting?
congrats! Welcome (back) to SoCal. You are going to love working with Michelle.
Cousins a luxury pick the Skins can't afford here w/ their needs. Someone just said 'Can't have too many QBs.' Tell '11 Broncos that
if they tag sj13, he will be paid more than he's worth. Would teams be interested in him if they know it's going to cost picks?
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> bout to ball <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> bout to show these hold heads how we ball
oh bby ;) we gon be spreading herpes like wild fire
If you get her to curse...you've done something! RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
Just tapped, Brewing Union Jack IPA (replaces Afterburner IPA)
Jst touched down.. tryin to hit this nigga but his line busy
I don't like being interrupted when I'm talking to myself.
My mom likes old time love movies and me my sister brother and dad love action movies. Movie nights are complicated in my house.
because they need to justify their fees. 7 days feels like A LOT OF WORK. PAY US OUR MONEY!
Shout out to everybody making moves this morning!! send me some info if you need some backup* #Leggo!
What is the best guide book that you have bought about WDW?
Enjoying "The Esther McCoy Reader," Ed. Susan Morgan, published by Highly recommended for fans of LA, architecture & lit.
Thank you Dee for responding so quickly.
You no it, we f-king
Thank you so much for sharing your story at the HfH dinner. It was truly moving.
Watching lincoln lawyer, he is 2 cool 4 me,lol!!!
My friend sent me a Happy Mother's Day FB message. I replied, huh? He said I always tell him what to do & keep him in line. Hhmm.
Does anyone know of an iPad app that will import three or more photos at once? (instead of selecting each individually)
Ahoy mateys! Talk Like a Prirate Day 2day! 10/15 1pm Colony Park's Pool House Opening w Radio Disney n go on a pirate adventure!
Light Blue for men by Dolce and Gabbana smells amazing
Errands and shopping
First class
can we just get married now already..?! :* Haha :P
The signs are high on light poles. There's no way to fix them unless they're replaced.
Thanks for the follow, Sofia. Merlot works well after the kids ae in bed.
Back on qudd terms with my baby even thouqh we have our ups n downs were qonna be toqether requardless. 2 yearss :)
Opps. forgot to @ you D:
Congrats to Julia.
Life never stops
#uppers Alex = Awesome.
Stay tuned for our lookbook (coming soon)
EVERYONE! GO FOLLOW NOW ...THERE EFFIN AMAZING K?! COOL AHHAHA GO FOLLOW NOW
Lakers or Nuggets? Which one are you rooting for?
“: Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes ..... Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes....Real Niggas Hustle For Goals. <U+E230><U+E230>The best way to put it
Well good luck! Any holiday plans?
One birthday wish: come see me play as a three piece band at the speakeasy this Friday. 7:30-10:30. One night band!
Those moments at calling hours when other people cry and it makes you cry.
My #Michigan sports teams are taking years off of my life.
me too Jess :)
not possible my mom gave up #midgets for new years
Omg! This dude just needs to stop right now please lord help this man lol
STEAK NIGHT: 10 oz grilled NY Strip topped with balsamic glazed brussel sprouts and apples, served with caramelized onion mac and cheese
your not goonna believe this but sick again!!!!ugh....lol this time no fever though jus a nasty cough and sinus problems..
GONNA TRUST MY INTUITION N STOP BEING LEECHED OFF. WORK GYM LUAU PRACTICE THEN FRIDAY NIGHT!!!
This week was full of exciting developments for the first ever DonorPro Users Conference! We're excited to share more details soon.
ATTENTION MUSIC FANS: Young Bravo is uploading his new album as we speak. Be the 1st to hear it www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1
When something goes wrong with my charger, I get depressed..
HaHa watching it right now!
guy at work had someone call him "Brain" over the phone. Like you actually thought that was his name? haha
Hey Ann, better have a chat with Willard & his GOP pals about "respecting women's choices."
Who's enjoying their Friday night?
Please, oh please, drive the truck up to Boston this summer! We have a booming food truck scene!
Thought for the Day: "Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."- William James
we're gonna give it everything we've got : ) Thanks!
back to work!
seriously dick. Stick to basketball
According to , there are no pockets in the 24th century. Apparently everyone on Star Trek wears lady pants.
from the east side
ready to get my laugh on at in royal oak, lets see what has in store...
Wide awake at 3:45. This isnt fun, i want sleep!
Admit it, you love it when we argue. Considering the fact that you always find random shit to argue about.
Just saw a chick riding a vintage bicycle wearing a long leopard fur coat & dope shades. Made my day
Swagger on a Hundred Thousand Million and BEYOND!!!!:} GIRLS Talking Bout
OHHMYYGAWDD why a I so addicted to twitter?
true. well, yahoo might. yahoo is pretty much the best sports journalism site now. espn has too many financial interests
I will be sure to stop by MSEL & say hi to , but first, what's MSEL? I don't speak in JHU acronyms yet!
other than their ma! ;)
How many do you want if they have it. And, are you looking for Instant or Cook n Serve?
Want to see a REAL performance? Watch our buddy Tony Vincent () on immediately after the Super Bowl!
french toast is good yes haha :) i have a tumblr. havent updated it in forever though
8 winners, 2 co-winners + a wild card = 13 sik bands from MA, VT, RI and NYC that face off SAT @ McGann's in the finals
the feeling is definitely mutual :)
Just woke up. I made a new rule. at the end of each tweet, I ask people to follow me. So, FOLLOW ME EVERYBODY ON TWITTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
See you at Global Finals! #IDODI RT : can't wait to meet the best creative minds in the world!
Thanks to Twin Anchors Restaurant in Chicago IL for generously donating to The Walk For Autism!
Preparing to cut my husbands hair.
Anyone know a FileMaker guy in Phoenix?
no she opted out because of injury.
How do you feel about people comparing you to One Direction??
what is wrong with venture capital per se?
Rappers gettin on stage for the first time do thyself a favor and move the mic stand the fuck away
lol but it doesnt even rhyme.
Thanks Wayne, I hope all is well with you
iight bet ! You know your booty stay WURKING lmaoo
a lesbian wrote it...
teahcing students how to focus and manage information, social media gives you a world of information
Aww I'm making the Laker and Cowboy fans mad...its ok keep trying hahahahhahh
.. but how sad it is that it took me an hour to answer..? Because that's what Twitter has become. Sad face.
Loved your event and would like to offer to host another event for Ping me if keen,
Billie jean king just got a standing ovation at the press club just for sitting down to lunch
i miss you guys too
We may be having a special offer for Cyber Monday *wink wink*. Head over to our web site, sign up for our newsletter and watch your inbox.
#ListOfTurnOns Man just have feminine features...#dudeHands are a no-no
I just really need a hug
RT : #TwitterPoll: If one is to believe in the holy ghost, then surely there are such things as "Ghosts" right?
People sure get excited about pumpkin spice.
Found my groove for today.. :)
aw yeah!
If you guys have any pictures with Angel and Austin tweet them to me or just her tweet them to me I'll be putting them on the video (:
"Santorum Drops Out" is the best headline of 2012.
awhh lol yeah you have to dilute it with cocoa butter :p then it looks amazing!!
What was the best book that you read in 2011?
Add spacial searching to library catalog - great idea.
You don't need my permission.
is forreal going to get smacked talking to me like hes crazy.
Not as bad a Monday as I thought it would be. Now home to study!
I'm not one to remove blog comments, but when you get trolled the day your baby's born and spend the day crying, I think it's allowed.
I'll tell u tomorrow wen I see youu
What's up to all of my 90s programmers who read Boyz II Men as "Boys OR Men"
Police scanning tonight?
I don't love money, I just appreciate it's value
I agree. And how out-of-touch traditional print media can be with digital media.
Give me your hand not your Han
Sugar, we're goin' down.
Thanks for a great lunch ! Especially when and are treating me!
just curious, what shall I expect as a prize? Could really use a stapler and paper #thelittlethings. Just kidding. Thanks again.
I'll get sued RT pictures. I want pictures!
Tommy Gainey finished off a six-under 65 on Saturday in his second round to take the lead at the suspended Phoenix Open.
I hope so!
a link to my site might not be the sort of "your story" they're looking for. I may have burned a couple bridges.:)
Where is your dream date in the Milwaukee area?
LOBO NATION Invaded the Thomas and Mack Center today. The success continues. WE ARE NEW MEXICO!
I believe you are totally right. They are going to scare the "normal" voters away
Great week at #SXSW but we're worn out and ready for some normalcy.
Can't wait til that special day<U+263A>
Not gonna be in a gas station. I only eat sanwiches made in a gas station.
weave weave weave
i still cant find them :O
Bar Fly had one of our best shows last night at Casselberry's! Amazing crowd response the whole night! Same time and place tonight!
The electric cello is sounding more basses than the guitar.
Putting my song up for Free Download off my upcoming mixtape ;) the song is called "Winter Of The Heart (Produced by. Anno Domini Beats)"
If I got paid to say people's names with a Mexican accent, I'd have $3,000
RT American Indians were enslaved too. Our past is oft forgotten.
I'm all registered for 2012!! Can't WAIT! :D
so much to tell. I will give you a call tomorrow
I know right?
i trust my weiner to point me in the right directions. :D jkjk
Nothing like losing every race at keeneland.
thanks for being our 1,000 follower!
I may have just shed a tear for the Graphic Design folks :') Best mistake of a university major ever!
once again, I am sorry....
Track meet
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of chlorine.....just a thought.
until you understand the premise illegal, all your talking points are total rhetoric!
no no its not(:
the gift is in the gravy and the gravy can be anything you let it - HSB
Cinco de Mayo is just a few days away.. Celebrate with your full Color Event Tickets at NYC Printing 123. Call now at 646.409.4420 or...
I believe the congestion is only for a specific time daily (rush hour?) so the desire to build will only induce more traffic
not a sucker free city
I can't handle any more hotness. May spontaneously combust knowing I am so close to such beauty.
Have you ever really truly and honestly considered why you are not anymore successful? No? Therein lays your problem...
It's not my fault that you're a freak..
SO to follow that stud!
Always take your mate’s telephone calls to show how much he or she matters to you.
Join Diana Falzone and Joey DeGraw, NYC Singer & Songwriter @ 1 pm today in the Diana Falzone Featured Room.
Awh turns 18 tomorrow. they grow up so fast :(((((((
Bradshaw's car show going on right now. Come and enjoy classic cars and an awesome breakfast !
Dear internet. Stop being ridiculous and load my video so I don't have to watch 2 seconds, then pause, then 2 seconds. Seriously.
I saw it!
What if Tupac sang Stanky Leg
You're welcome!
there wasnt anything else?
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 71
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning. Andy Warhol
Thanks for the retweet.
She's prettier than I'll ever be, got yourself a beauty queen.
yessir im in the booth all day today but dm yo line ima cop tomorrow bro
He was, but I believed in him. Just wasn't meant to be
COYA IS TO HYPE OVER HERE
seeing you! <U+2665>
I'm officially worth more dead than alive,I'm told this is what being an adult is all about!
Hersheys funded a study that links a lower BMI to chocolate consumption. You believe that?
Are you going to tweet from #nwxportland this weekend?
Awesome that Reddick is bringing back the bash.
josh just got off Omg the voice on dude is, unbelievable
I cry every time I see parents yell at their children... cry from laughter.
Trumka: "Working people want a labor movement strong enough to return fairness to our tax system, and balance to our economy"
#evolving Buzz word of the day ?
I'm beyond stressed out at this point.
I love my family but they are BEYOND annoying.
Newly discovered close relative of T. rex is largest known feathered dinosaur
With Jennifer Garner to discuss early childhood education and child poverty in the U.S. Tune in!
I may not know the meaning of life, but I do understand the concept of fun..
In '08 Presidential Election, 55% of Blacks 18-24 came out to vote. Highest of all races/ethnicities.& 8% increase from '04. Let's continue!
Dow is going south now.
I have AT&T but I assume this will happen to all carriers soon enough. :(
Everybody hating on HE GOES HARD AF. don't hate him cause you ain't him.
Congrats! Keep up the good work!
Did you mean to send me a DM? I got one and it has a questionable link in it...
Launched a revamped site today so far getting great responses. Now off to help out another company. Check out www.wolfeyedesigns.com
Mask Thursday=<3
oh no!
Miss y'all! Let's go to a concert soon! ;)
Goal light behind Bryzgalov's net is not working. Insert joke hear about it being burnt out b/c of all the goals.
In the dark, in the sticks, waiting for a bus that may never come. Frogs are ribbeting and crickets chirping berserko.
haters gon hate.
This year's GANG video game music awards submissions were the BEST EVER!
I'm working on the six traits all children need to learn to be successful in life for the homeschooling folks.
just got asked to dj @ Far Bar (347 E. 1st St downtown LA) this Friday 10/9, 9pm. come on out!
Looking to connect with IT professionals in the Detroit area. Lots of openings right now! or 734.674.5556
I'm watching you RT this on your Mac right now(; let's get to number 1! #RolexOnKROV !!!!
I was just asked, "If I refer you business, do I get something out of it?" Yes, you make $$ by referring #StatusTv VIDEO|PHOTO|DESIGN|PRINT
My sister graduated from kindergarten today. YEE
are you up in that? or that's what you're doing?! =/ lol
O: I love Miami , my cousins live there !
i love you i just wanted you to know that!!!:)
I can feel the work of the plunge protection team holding the indexes and painting the tape to entice a rally in the markets
We love Justin
What's the best side of the house to put the porch on? The outside :P
happy mothers day
Wine Bar: Brix. It's La Bouvette and it's not even remotely close.
Hey! Haven't been on Twitter in a while! I think DMPD said search warrant was for drugs in that fall last week.
RT : so fantastic! Both loved everything we had! No bitters in the Moscow Mule?
RT : "The greatest glory of living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time you fall" #NelsonMandela 1998
Is the RA on duty for the next 2 nights. And the Director on Duty for the next 4. Happy Graduation!
In route to
#SXSW is so goddamn crowded, #alutrend is peaceful relaxation, Escape the clusterfuck
women don't vote on contraception. But, it's the foundation of gender equality & access to opp. So, yes I vote on contraception.
I'll miss you too beautiful :)
Had a burst of #amwriting energy this afternoon and pounded out the first draft of an essay that I'm really excited about. GREAT feeling.
hate when i get a lap-dance from a #Stripper & it ends up being a short ass song.
Hey , rumor has it you need a cab!
how can I find this trend topic statistic?
The limo ridin! Jet flying! Kiss stealing! Woo! Wheeling dealing!
Natali, thanks so much for the tweet :)
did the vikings change their logo? Lol
yeah I've heard it's BAD
Cant get petty Wade ... You weren't fouled
come and eat my cake cake cake cake cake hehehe
I had a great day today. It is now time to sit in the back yard with my dog Macy and enjoy the weather and a great beer. Ahh...Saturday's
Nori Aoki is now 11 of his last 17 ABs. That's A-OK in my book.
“: We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.”
Just received the best email. Made me believe in me again.
YO we got lots of changes coming this summer... get excited for lots of new stuff!
Awww the tickets to the JoePa memorial where taken of ebay! Now how can the public piss on his dead body!?
Do we have a list of candidates or sitting congressmen who stand behind #occupywallstreet beside and ?
Frederick Turner's 1929? I enjoyed the book, but I'm in no position to judge the portrayal.
Now the dumbfucks are calling $GWBU the next $LEXG. Why the hell do you guys always do that? It's not even the same pumper!
If you're a feamale and you don't have a car you can't sleep by my house
Already in CS; might workout &M early B4 game either of u2 down 4 a Thanksgiving day DL, dip & chin smackdown?
im sorry i hope you feel better :)
that guys an asshole xD you're not a fag. Don't listen to bullshit, love
Today a meeting with mental health professionals to explain how homeless people need ID and how mental illness makes this a huge challenge.
are you going on vacation?!?
why didn't you tell me reptar was on twitter?! E
No such thing as a bad day
Happy Cookie Day Cheers!
The Fantasy Celebrity game on PopSalad sounds fun. Maybe instead of football next year we should do that!:)
#Afrojack Eva Simons - I Don't Like You (Nicky Romero Remix)
"Im lookin for some brain to boost my IQ"Hahaha gotta love miss minaj
“: Your off yeah?” yeeeee
Thanks Scott. It works great.
Gold Coasts Finests are four people that inspire thousands of people.
Traveling many unfamiliar paths again and way over my head to navigate. Another reason to sojourn with friends and family. Happy Easter!
2day was a really good day (: i am exhausted. basketball evaluations 2morrow! yay! :D Goodnight!
yeah! re: fashion, was just about to follow up w/ the queerture interview but now i see did!
no well I have season passes to 6 flags and white water
What is a high functioning fraternity chapter? That is what we are working on!
Because he IS a dumbass! He should have just stopped after the tooth incident.
I need a nap but yesssuh i wanna see your little face
Craving chocolate chip cookies? Half baked chocolate chip cookies & other yummy food available both & !
Just changed the background... too small??
Apparently around here the first day of spring is also the day that everyone brings in food for the office. Happy Fat Tuesday?
You forgot the 'apostrophe' in u'r handle. That shit pisses me off.
“: I need a beer.” maybe something a little stronger!
Im hungry.
Hyped for After-work tonight come by 7-12 good house funk soul & RnB
Gary, glad you finally got home safely. It was a fabulous time and I can't begin to tell you how much I enjoyed your company!!
After 2.5 weeks on the road, savin' lives, we're back! Time to do laundry
I'm sorry he doesn't :( every day i get upset over that but I'm sure he'll notice you one day.
Philip Glass, I bow before your excellence.
There are now lick marks on my kewl ipad2.
off the damn chain
We read the paper old school over breakfast on the weekends too. Its just not the same on the Ipad. =)
RT Exercise to banish cellulite
On oovoo and doing my review sheet
What. RT : Blue Mountain State has been canceled
Here goes nothing!
#bands #musicians Join Http://www.Dagnomusic.com set up your free profile and sell your music! keep 100% of your sales revenues!
I had the most #wonderful and #relaxing weekend with my husband in
Thanks for following!
Initiated g8t discussion on language of 'touch', how it rarely was person2person, negating the body. t2
you're hairy, so yes.
Proof that beautiful women sell: Sharon Stone on the cover of last month's AARP magazine.
Ugh! That should be illegal.
everyone go follow my Ronanator account
Had the best day with my nephew and friends: Pool, secret beach, then pool at dark! Summer is fun :)
Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.
RT : #truth “: There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.”
Can't even believe it Memorial Day weekend. How can it be almost summer!! I haven't finished all my winter tasks yet...
in a bad way?
RT A new Universe ~ takes shape ~ every time ~ you blink ~ this life is limitless.
#magiccookie think you are fabulous! great job!!
Webster Lake? Yeah man, still in MA. I'm around if u need help w/ the videos, I'm not so much hands on behind the camera anymore
Tell you what. Our 3 (Hafner ) and 4 (Csan) hitters strike exactly ZERO fear in opposing pitchers with weak ass AB's like those.
that's the only way to do things. I can't wait!
Curiosity has me ask: How has Vacants to Values been a failure? Thanks!
I would love that!
Lemme get up..
Haha! RT : how to get rid of a cold in 48hrs...equal amounts of vitiamin C and
LMAOOO Only when its fresh out. U can go tho LOL
RT - When the RW cant find anything else, they use "birther" 2 attack opponent. ElizabethWarren has class. ScottBrown does not.
": Tailgating to Big Willie Style #lifecomplete"why does this mean? How does will Smith tailgate?
yes back atcha!
Kiking you haha that sound funny
Ah spend my day doing my hw and project
it's never a dull moment around here!
Do you believe you're missing out, that everything good is happening somewhere else?
Love is louder than the pressure to be perfect <3
LOOK AT WHAT MA SIS WROTE AND SHES ONLY 9 NO LIE ALL TRUTH /CONTINUED
Lets go 9ers
see what the move is saturday night
to the anti-Mitt folks, would you rather eat a meal that you dislike the flavor of or eat a meal that is rotten & kills you?
External success factors: weather, local preschool/daycare activities, conflicting community activities.
my heart just melted. the TOTAL package!!
Bwaahahaha! Tell her Kim, You know better that her what your HUSBAND makes! :)
I'm going to favorite all your drunk tweets. Good advice shouldn't be lost in cyber space.
Does anyone know what happened on Cinco de Mayo, when translated means simply the fifth of May? Its a Mexican Holiday celebrating what?
Dear #Milwaukee please shave/moisturize before exposing that pale winter flesh. I can never unsee that...
Santorum/Paul-2guys with no chance of winning in the general election.Maybe IowaGOPers want 2nd term for PresObama
Being home drives me to smoke.... #wherearemycigarettes?
PG&E Reminds Customers During Earthquake Preparedness Month to Prepare for Natural Disasters
Officially committed to DePaul!
AR is driving to Nashville right now! So excited!!!
woah you're alive
let's go rangers! bring on the devils
Aha. I know.
If you're that busy, then I don't have the time for you.
“: time to have my twitter public... gotta start making moves for ” woohoo! Let's go!
"Dude, how are you still alive?" -Lovely lady's comment to me a night after Webster Hall
I must follow the people. Am I not their leader? - Benjamin Disraeli
#thankavet RT : If you are an employer out there......hire US veterans coming home. Give back to those who sacrificed for us.
Follow me & I'll follow back. LSD.
Means a lot from the woman who has already won Best Mother's Day Gift of 2012! :) Fab parenting there, Lorena.
I wish you could too #diamonds --- which car? Your Dubai ride?
Ik. Need more from the starters.
Milwaukee Habitat gets $10,000 donation from Airtran today in honor of expanding service!
The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. -Linus Pauling, chemist, peace activist, author, educator
Let's just say Im older than your MIL and younger than your FIL aparris21: 196?
sorry i haven't responded. been off the grid lately. idk why.
BROTHERS: SAVE THE DATE! Banquet will be on Friday, December 4th. See you there!
She is controlling.
yes, we have POT Cert but it is not a requirement at all.
We can be scooter condiments. You're ketchup & I'll be mustard woo!
Dear #1 train, I was just falling in love with you again. Stop missing my stop if you want this love affair to continue.
My Booty is NOT Little :)
That video was kind of scary. Getting hit in the arm with a pitch and passing out at first, bizarre.
is Monday night 18+?
4 hours of shopping. who knew the LBD would be so elusive? exhausted.
"We’re living in a relationship-based social ecosystem that has finally found its voice" - Sarah-Jayne Gratton
Dirty Martini - take me away.
Tonight's Fringe and season finale was so atheist. There will be people with shrouds protesting tomorrow at churches and mosques ;-)
Ok makes sense. I was just on PrettyMay's website, and it appears it's either $25 or $30. Am I looking in the wrong place?
When I remembered the Winter Premiere I gasped so hard I choked on my spit, then threw into a coughing fit. So worth it.
The Kingdom!
Welcome home Florida boy!!
Search free Springdeyl OR of real estate listings and house for sale Of springdeyl house to one family in Lampert Rd O :-)
Bitch look down, tell me whats up ?
But I'd still cuddle with you ^_^
I do the same, pretty much whenever I'm doing a mindless task like laundry. Also while working out.
does anyone want this twitter account??
is awesome. Searched all #travel sites, and got the best deal for an upcoming weekend in #palmsprings :)
Gettn down with some business
I pretty much live in a constant state of identity crisis! But I'm starting to realize that that's just a facet of my identity.
Yay! Hope you're feeling well afterwards. Sounds like the workouts are going well!
Thanks to and for the #FF shout-outs!
Please send all awesome cover letter writing vibes my way. I'm starting to veer toward "I do stuff, please hire me. "
Happy birthday to my big sister 24 and a lot more to go!
The whip is out!
From today alone I probably have like 4 grey hairs.
Thanks for the RT Phil! Hope you're well. Will ping you when we're in Philly in the coming months.
Good thing theres a young battle-tested leader in the race-
Hope this is my vote
CM Punk vs. Daniel Bryan for the WWE Championship at Over The Limit? I APPROVE! OH I APPROVE!
My boyfriend >>>> your existence
Happy Thanksgiving to all. Take time to count all your blessings.
": I'm Team Jacob. Why? Because I know how much it hurts to love someone who doesn't feel the same way about me."
TI's verse from my love
will be available at Bobbie Vie's Fame on Saturday 4/28!!!
Lol. That's awesome. Those your only wheels? Not sure our lot can handle that.
Sleepover with she fell asleep on me:/
Oh there's Ray Allen, where's he been all year?
So glad y'all loved Astoria!
the best concert is yet to come
Granola Bar testing today.
what a waste omfg..y waste ur time on something u dont need :/
Had some carpet installed yesterday. Replaced some laminate flooring in the bedroom. feeling pretty good on the toes
Uh, - you've been hacked. Just got a spam "someone's been saying bad things..." message from you.
thanks buddy. I know it's tough for you to root for a Stanford kid.
Happy Mother's Day Mama Mara! God bless <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
LMFAO ! So I was just asking o'girl should I get those Retro 14's that come out on the 24th & she gone say they old -_- hahahahaha .
RT this for your Bay area fans (:
Looking for ways to grow your biz on day 4 at #drupa? Come to hall 8b & talk to the #Xerox biz dev team we can help you
Thank you Hilltop Coffee for having phenomenal taste in music
thanks for the support man! i submitted it to phx just so cher and i can take a trip out there. will be good to see you again!
Seek progress, not perfection.
Windows 7 was my idea
So sad I can't see the finale down here. Downside of being a transplanted Newfoundlander in California
Awesome! You can say I'm a beginner drinker of WA and OR. Not much experience...Yet.
Follow bliss because bliss
Ok I was just watching th CBS Mrn Shw interview. wth Brandon Marshall . Jst lost respect for Gail King...esp Blk men have a anger problem?
It's ALL NIGHT HAPPY hour at all of our locations (except Ald) this evening! Come in and celebrate! No need to have an occasion!
Why The Hell Do You SING Or RAP? Do You Live What You Say Or At Least Believe What You Write & Then Present On Stage? How Do It HELP Others?
you should probably follow me(:
Yeah, it sucks! I'm just going to start spamming the line like halfway through the last song. #fingerscrossed (:
Esquire has lost a lot of ground to GQ recently in the "reputable men's magazine" category.
“: but v-necks look good on girls that have good cleavage (like me)!” you have a point!!
them lil niggas go hard in the paint in southwest
Radical obedience.
Disaster! New grill we wanted is out of stock at Target!
Let's go RT : Another day of work
If you don't have it and don't want it, you'll be required to buy it for someone else.
Now she changed it and said to wear shorts on Friday. Who plans to wear shorts?
So I pretty much love working in the kitchen at cfa
hey hun!!! yeh a wonderful xmas... u?
Fuck, Josh put the lighter fluid in the fire.
r u coaching skins backs?
precarious publics in terms of the 80s in Berlin, since so little of the club/radio culture has been documented and seems lost.
Thanks Nick, I like it too! Sometimes it's just time for change. :)
im soo craving Chinese food right now
it's happening June 2 in front of the arena, dances are in my faves! We usually have practices every Sat, at the fountain in..
Oh my gosh! I know it has been<3 How are you?!
Hoping Bin Laden's death/murder is reason for U.S. gov't to reduce defense spending that has increased steadily since 9/11/01.
Information on Affiliate Marketing By Jeff
To lazy to finish my math homework
Oh ya sorry how could I forget!
Besides, should someone write out such an explanation in 140 characters, it would be a gem.
o.o
Wassssssup! #Follow back
What's my name again?
Your sister just set up the hookah. She's a keeper <U+263A>
yeah we live kinda close to each other :D
Tip to NYC cab drivers -there is a huge line at Penn station. Of course I'm in it!
Follow me on Twitter:
I'm finna get one
Paulie my favorite too, you're right, much more light hearted and fun when he's in the booth.
I wished I was there to see your awesome moves
“: RT : Q4 #Foodiechats Do you have a secret spice that you use when you grill?” Smoked Paprika :)
Morning pplz love ya
Call Chris Lukens today so we can talk Real Estate. (608) 575-5185
I know I am but seriously, have you yet
So announced this is their last show. All the more poignant.
yup rofl
RT : Hahaha this is a joke 12-4 pacer fouls to heat fouls
the boyz AND Vinny have said countless times they see a lot on here. CDIJFCIUFHCERUIFHELR I HATE PEOPLE
I'll probably never hear the end of it, but I actually enjoyed #GCB. Smart, funny, and sassy. That pilot beats the pilot for #SMASH any day.
i feel your pain. my boyfriend is 6"5" and thin. wears a 15-16 sized shoe. if you see any of those, let me know.
Where you drinking at son ?
Thanks for checking us out. I would love to partner up with you.
i dont mean to sound racist but i can run faster than anyone i know
wow met so many great programmers this week at #SXSWi that are talking about attending dccodeathon.eventbrite.com some maybe flying in!
cool I like the paperless possibility for meetings!
bet he ain't takin the last shot either lol
Court hears case of fired Fla. teacher
I do not intend to tip-toe through life only to arrive safely at death.
A new report on government "corruption" and Minnesota gets a "D" Listen for my report at 11 Radio
The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings.-Dave Weinbaum
Not sure why I'm still awake, I think I may be turning into haha. I still haven't slept, whoops.
lol the nigga Ash! Did you do track this year?
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
I am gonna be sad for the rest of my life until tweets me again and follows me but I guess my dream will never come true... :'(
omg I'm not even hme...ima miss it
Ok guys, since I won't be seeing you at the Greenhouse anymore because I'm working so hard now, don't forget to VOX ME.
yes!!!!!! And we HAVE to restart our letter
RT : Today's lesson: rest does not =laziness. Rest=rest.// YES!!!
Wish i could wiggle my nose, end up at my destination #bewitched #skiesaint friendly
Per : Dozed off while writing. Traditionally time to call it a night. So: it is definitely a night. In case you were wondering.
I lived for that video!!!
I see. Well, blunt is good in my eyes.
Like Right Now I Think.
I saw him at South Beach Miami beach he was at South pointe park
I love Caretaker's work so much. Man...can't wait for that to arrive down here.
Drama queen dishonesty: "Glenn Greenwald defends 'Obama could rape a nun' attack on supporters"
RT - Note to everyone: Your video is too long.
trend? Pls elaborate? U mean that idea of innovation is so based in materiality?
hah he was like wheres your niece or whatever the hell she is 2 you? And I said idk prolly grieving the "death" of her dog lol
Very good! Congratulations.
All good girls love bad guys
The Tic Tocs are working on new songs :)
you are a class act.
I thoughtfully build an online daily, then I sigh at the fact they don't offer financing.
& soon to #SXSW! yippie! RT raises it glasses 2 shindig for bringing live music to mil-town!
mmmmmhm. Laughs all around. Except for mom.
This summer >>>
#10thingsaboutme; #3. I Love Every Single ICONic Boy, But My Husband Is Madison(:
Congratulations! Exceptionally well-deserved.
my first rise and design here with
Western! 1970 & your Pops was there! The Stridels went to Eastern. Think we paid them $200 Yep, small world. Peace...
Miss you guys so so so much but its school :/ bet none missed me!! :(
Which light is potentially more damaging to texiles -- winter or summer? Conservator Nancie Ravenel elucidates on the SM blog....
my favorite boots and metal rings :D
Just cast my votes in the ALA election! Have you voted yet? You have 'til the end of next week!
Ya Hoo Grammy and I are so excited!!
Really excellent stuff. Glad no one was injured in the fire either. Makes the photo that much easier to love!
(:. Im al smiles
Kentucky hip-hop artist helps rebuild state with music | Rolling Out - Black News, Celebrity Videos, Entertainment,
Thanks! RT : Best rental building in sloop? without a doubt. Yes they just gave me free movie tix, but did u know they...
How exciting!!! We are looking forward to making your special day one to remember!
this pic of u is beautiful ;)
sorry I'm a little fucked up but chill there r some good cats out there!
Arturo Gotti, Steve McNair. Don't sleep, fellas. It's now safer to stay out at the bar than to get some shuteye at home. Test Fest safe too.
hell yea anything 4 the low
RT“ Baby Daddy, baby daddy, baby daddy I'm tired of you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>”
xmas cards in the mail and trying new burger place Elevation Burger - little breaks or milestones like these help keep me sane
what gets stains out of gum
I really don't wanna do my math I'm in such a bad mood
I love moments like this
Some say your 40th provides the foundation for transformation. We'll see about that soon!
No You Was Suppose To Call Me.
Doing "Control and Security of Web Applications" at ISACA CACS. Not bad for audit focused workshop but I'm kinda bored. #SEC642 WRU?
“Qui ne risque rien n'a rien.” – She who risks nothing receives nothing.
All of your Nicki tweets, made all Lil Kim fans unfollow you. Haha.
I pinned this bad boy on Pinterest and have about 20 random repins. Bitches love punch.
Six photo cutouts and a tab chart, and I'm ready to call it a night.
yes! We will hang soon!(: maybe tomorrow!
I am profoundly saddened by Junior Seau's death. He was a great player and to hear his teamates talk about him , a better person. RIP..
Yep! Didn't have the budget to hire a professional ;)
you guys, told me he was going to create a #shitbreasays folder on his desktop. Told him it should be
Today is World's Alzheimer's Day!
Addwire Web Hosting Solutions Partners with WebHostingLocker.Com
'This is the day that most Libyans have been waiting for', says NPR's Lourdes Garcia Navarro on Talk of The Nation
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
Has everyone seen our homepage? We have updated it with pictures and videos from National Lab Day! www.nationallabday.org
Did everyone get to see it? What did you think?
If & buts, that's all you have. Gonzo will never be a top 10 WR, under any circumstances.
Battersea: coolest idea for a stadium in the history of football. Better even than using it in "Richard I."
That ain't news Son!
In the meantime I'm having an extended conversation about #GooglePlus -- over on FB. Oh the irony...
Just went to #Chizakaya. I'm so full and it was delicious. Love takiyaki and pig ears as usual. Thank you !
thanks for the #FF today! Happy New Years...here's to a great 2012.
Hahaha Make up your mind!! I'm hoping i survive...
RT : Party so hard standards board wanna fine me, but first they gotta find me.
's beard is getting MASSIVE!!
thanks you too
I'm in the mood for fightin and no i wont fight you
I GOT 2 FIND ME ANOTHER JOB B4 I HURT SUM BODY~
Happy Thanksgiving from WPA! Please note that our offices will be closed Thursday and Friday. What are you thankful for this year?
I feel guilty about nothing... but I do love SORORITY BABES IN THE SLIMEBALL BOWL-O-RAMA so much I'm getting a tattoo of it.
I was buying gas at a BP in Madison, WI. I was the only one pumping and the clerk lowered the price while I was pumping.
'' Goodnight babe :)
Gotta do it big if you wanna make it somewhere in this world!
I really like the field of #GOP candidates for #POTUS since I support
My dear friend, you need to check this thing... combined with this
all day today and tomorrow
does that mean unmentionables??? Hee hee
And my ring
No problem!
Oops. So Busted :-/
How are you feeling, by the way?
#GLEE YOU FUCKING SUCK! IF SHE'S DEAD I'MA GO GLEE CRAZY!!! >:(
WHERE ARE YOU
When you decide to argue with a fool all of a sudden there are two fools in the room instead of one.
“ Never let a relationship bring stress into your life. The moment it does is the moment you should depart..”
That's right. & how the biggest threat to bullies like Hoover is confudent people who believe in themselves.
All Miss Jessie's products BOGO free Somebody talk me back from the ledge!
RT : Spike from "A Land Before Time" was added to the group of characters as an appeal to the mentally handicapped.
#MarchMadness Party the night away inside Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
Al.most.there.
#CNNdebate #ricksantorum is just plain #unaware! Period!
wow. XD dude, that is strong. go take a nap.
We have our Nail Tech in today!! Call and book your mani/pedi! ^____^
As a band that plays music and stuff we condemn all efforts to force children to kill their parents and mutilate peoples' faces.
Turns out I'm a lot more productive when the Red Sox have an off day... and fewer of my possessions get broken/thrown.
Today is our 4th birthday! Here's to 4 great years of #coworking in #Seattle, and many more years to come!
Yes :D
Mrs Jee's Daughter Was So Adorable!
Black Friday Deal! Dine with us today & get $10 off a $25 Los Equipales Gift Certificate & $20 off a $50 GC. Happy Holidays!
Ironically, I was just trying to look up some Aristotle.
Loved how he and Barney would have their little spats.
So when he pitches should we call them the "Rockers?" MT At 49 Rockies' Moyer oldest pitcher to win game in ML history
hey I dont understand y u haven't order ur shirt, go to the stores, or drop by my place....dang so many options. Lol.
I don't know about beyonce being the worlds most beautiful women...I see chicks in the streets that are way better looking then her.
How's everyone?
Happy 4th of July to all of our #acting #talent, #actor & #actresses, and #casting #directors. Have a happy and safe holiday.
“: it shows up on their TL, as well as anyone that follows both of you” Kwan rules!
it is, I've only ever used it to download another browser haha.
I suppose I should continue my paper elsewhere since Caribou is closing. Off to the library until that closes at midnight.
I ALMOST DIED
ew balls are gross sacks that are just there.
We used Lotto Sorcery to play 16 picks ($8) in the midday Texas Pick 3 game and won $40. Analysis Lotto won $100 for us last night in PB.
Herbert Hoover~ About the time we think we can make ends meet somebody moves the ends.
$99 -- SF: Top-Rated Hotel through March - BW Tuscan Inn - Best Hotel on the Wharf for 8 years (Frommer's) Rate Code: TravelZoo
Who? The ex?
Sometimes its art. Sometimes its just rain falling on a roof for 30 minutes.
I still want to post 30 new videos by my 30th birthday on May 30th. I'll be answering viewer questions!
The new Lunch Menu is almost finished. There will be wraps, new salads, and other quick and easy dining options added.
Did you take a photo? can you see it?
Tomorrow Sat 04/23 on Sahara from 10am-4pm for Keeping Kids Safe Day!! McGruff, Cosmo from the 51's, bouncy houses and more!!
lol what did that island rat do now? lol
Excited for our first purchase with . 1010 HQ is gonna get right.
Same to you
Not sure that lasts, if he plays it straight. Most fans know NOTHING about him besides a few cocky incidents.
buccos are on tv down here
that's a cute rodent-thing-whatever-it-is!
Go Green with E-learning. Reduce Travel.
eating crunchy peanut butter and granny smiths before sleep
For the first time since John Elway was the quarterback in Denver, opposing teams view playing the Broncos’ quarterback as playing the best.
lol me neither, I found out that some old guy died in my house before I moved in...I haven't been the same since lol
I know so(: I've been waiting years to see you play.
cannot wait! Capitol Hill, correct?
Watching the season finale of #9O21O. It sux austin is back bur I can't wait to see what naomi does at the wedding:)
nothing, love bug. MERRRP!
I heard so much of this conversation at BOOST. -"its going to grow Y not add water?"
4- I have a bright yellow bike that my neighbors are jealous of. thats why they honk at me, not cause im riding in the street ;)
Christ. Recording comedy performances, The Beatles...you just ruin everything!
So when does christmas break start?
no problem. If I can ever help let me know.FYI- From time to time I post specials just for our Twitter & Facebook friends
haha I guess well have to find out huh
i want to makeout right now.
Texas State cancels Multicultural Graduation Ceremony because of the swine flu!!! I can't believe this trash!
goodmorning beautiful :) hope u have a good day
Anybody can praise God with a job, money in the bank or when your family is healthy. Can you praise God when your life is turn upside down?
You're Making Me High -
yeah, how could someone not like them?! <3
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 54
just change the day from yesterday tweet... lather, rinse, repeat.
Gonna watch some old episodes on Martin...
I'm gonna get mono aren't it
NOT YOU lol
Your sorry ? You think I care , lol go eat leafs .
RT When Reggie gets high & mighty about "playoff basketball", it sounds like he's explaining the gender dynamics of prison sex.
#ThingsWeAllHate commercials on Pandora.
y not
thanks a lot -_-
just get on twitter!
Ha. Close, but no. is here. He's the Grammy nom-ed cellist. We think that's even better. :)
"Great acts are made up of small deeds." - Lao Tzu
On it, thanks for the reminder!
THIS GIRL IS AN IDIOT. worse than our school stupidity!
"The status quo is broken and I'm here to change that status quo."
can u follow us please
Glad he is back!!
your welcome - hope you come out for our Panel Discussion focusing on THE GREAT PICTURE this weekend
I wander wat doing?
Tutoring ESL in Boston! It's official. Moving forward, moving on. There's no time like the present.
Getting ready to read at Christensen Elementary for Nevada reading week. Their librarian Diane Utterback does an incredible job every year.
hi. you have no idea who I am, but I tweet you everyday&am you biggest fan. My names Mackenzie(: just putting that out there<U+E106>
etc. It's gonna be in the paper and it's prolly done.
Putting forth 110% today
That's why I fly, i think i'll take the REDEYE!!!!
It's steep, but if it leads to less carrier influence on the Android experience, I think it's a good thing.
how did u like it?
Aargh. What's with this having to go get a physical copy of a journal article? They're still printing these things?
RT : (Let's) start it, & The rumor is that the world is wonderful! Opportunities are everywhere! Life is so good! Pass it on!
Ty!!! RT : Happy Mothers Day. May you have a joyous day.
ima tell my mom to give me the 100 bucks and spend it at fairfax
if kitai calls he wins tourny
So grateful for the sweet gifts that have come to me today..... :-)
: can I text you my order for an awesome sando?
Blake can shut it! Dia is a sweet girl & has a nice voice but ain't nothing compared to ! #TeamXtina!!!
It has been a long day, time for some rest.
Wear makeup? I advise washing ur face in 2steps. 1st w/ a cleanser that breaks down makeup 2nd w/ a cleanser thats soothing & rejuvenatng:)
you expect me to study for the ap test in 11 days yet you assign a shitload of homework?
Mile End! Just got back from Montreal and need to re-poutine ma vie. :)
girl my phone been dead since yesterday I been using my other phone
Waiting for anouncement is about to drive me crazy!!!!!
I don't see many people buying Woodmans in Oak Creek. The meat looks like it might be packed someplace else.
You just got rejected,bitch.
its okay! & aw, alright :p
Favorite line: "We didn’t try stuff that didn’t work. Everything we did, we put out."
U people In Sweden like hockey right
Good Friday Morning! Anyone else heading to #CFALeadercast? I'm looking forward to hearing from the world's best leaders cc:
Gettin' hollered at in my yellow boots
girl it was too good, like too freaking good! and the finale looks even better! watch it
Hey! Ill tweet them! Give me a sec! And btw, its krista from
Stay busy baby xx
Working on some client SEO initiatives while sipping a pumpkin spice Latte Le'Starbucks. Getting it going early!
Summer movie preview 2012
Don't forget the booze. Don Draper would have had 2+ whiskeys by now.
Recent studies show your resume gets about 6 seconds before the recruiter decides if they will consider you for the position.
Look out! This week's gonna blow up.
would've done a lot better if there werent 800 asshole kids zooming by me like they're some kinda clause giroux
How can anyone be annoyed with him? & out going is a good thing! Haha, & omg, me too, anyday <3
let me know if I can be of assistance, happy to help.
It doesn't look much like that in Milwaukee...wave good bye to the palm trees! We're glad to have you in the booth, though.
If Peyton Manning retires, he could have a great future in PR the way he's running this press conference.
I like putting my own little flavor on the music I play. Keeps the same feel, just a little touch-o-kraich.
Bored af in the dentist office...text me! :) --workout4me--
We don't play till 10:40 so you beautiful people still have time to come hear the rock lords gospel. 1130 Buenos ave 92110.
You couldn't take football away from me, you couldn't take #acting away from me
I may be the only one but I don't care about the NFL draft one bit.
"I'm from TX, and this Hotel is.........". It will get better....oh wait, you fly American....never mind!
Minor sounds pretty damn good.
lucky man, love lala land but stuck here for now, might visit la soon may be I'll run into you mate!
What’s your sine? The sine^(-1) of you must be pi/2 cause you’re the one
I am always hungry!!
Bringing a tear to my eye
Cardio always turns into a dance session on the treadmill...
hey I need to ask you something! Direct message me!
Is Apple Finally Releasing an iPhone Nano?
So their is this boy and he's completely amazing i think I may be falling for him.
Yes What's ur vision for space RT : A1 what will the space be used for; how often
The floor at vernon is creaking & the steps let u know where everyone is. Lit from the above cupola, the light eeks into the corners
FDR built the middle class in 100 days from a wheelchair. Why are we holding it together with scotch tape and bailing wire laying down?
PPS--Have dinner at Fish La Boissonerie in San Germain de Pres! Make a rez...so good
#nowplaying Arcade Fire
Yum! RT : We do : ) RT : Q5. Who has the best Twitter avatar? Most unusual Twitter handle?
MICA has an architecture program?
We not leavin now , fuck you gettin ready for O.O
Thanks! RT Wonderful! I signed up for the newsletter and am happy to help spread the word when the time comes.
Oh that's a good one! RT : it takes a lot of cash to go FAZZT-become a sponsor today!
love you too.<3
Watching 90210. Kelly just said, "Well I'm afraid we aren't Eskimos...or are we?"
New WWE Tag Team Champions! & ! with Lil Jimmy as manager! I love this! I love this!
Fair Park tonight! Test driving a KIA for a commercial? We'll see what happens!
Great #diversity day at our HS -- I'm especially proud of student organizers and leaders!
Over the last four years on the Internet only Jennifer Aniston has been rumored to get together and break up with more men than the Yotes.
It's all very cool. Really awesome that you wear all the hats!
Seriously. One of the best performances I've seen in a while.Tyler is fucking insane. I might have a small crush on him.
Won't lie...i'd appreciate this movie using modern english instead of Renaissance english!
Our lives are like quilts, bits and pieces, joy and sorrow, stitched with love.
Congrats on the new Facebook page!
appreciate it bro hell yeah them hoes go live
and Beavis and Butthead their adopted high school-dropout kids.
I have cold feet. But no really. My feet, they're cold! -
#Avengers movie. We must have a sequel!
WARNING: Caffeine not at Therapeutic levels, tolerance for stupid people low, approach at own risk. You have been warned.
Rage practice starts outdoors this Tuesday. Go to WWW.leaguelineup.com/southmilwaukeerage for more info
Today is the day for married men to give our wives options if they want to work or not! Let's take back the family and put it back in order!
There are multiple articles in today's that would be amusing were it not for the fact people were hurt, or killed.
: "it's not whats the return on investment in social media, its what's the COST of ignoring" via
#PeopleLikeUs like to blame others instead of taking the blame for themselves
My parents are downstairs watching old videos of me in college. I really can't face 1988 college me today. It makes me feel like a loser
i like the raptors over yall
gosh darn it, tumblr!
You missed my tweet. I found a job.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Starbucks - H6 - Starbucks (live updates)
Grant you're awesome! Thanks for all the amazing times! Love ya
I swear I'm going to have a shirt made that's says "don't approach me if..." and a long ass list of things I can't stand!
No joke when family members are ill & they need your help. I need some herbal tea. Stat!
1 more follower and I take the top Ferris Bueller spot. One of the worst performances of my career, and they never doubted it for a second!
Every semester I'm at UCB, I need my university employer to also pay the university the cost of graduate tuition.
Haha, good, it's justified! Not sure if they're my #1 yet, but they've been my #2 since the RFK days. Nothing but up now!
Official Star Trek TOS - AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD Oct. 1968
So bored don't know what to do :(
can you make contact with my router? I want to be sure it's not a wire issue.
Huh! I was the opposite. I'd hole up at a table or quiet room w/ my ibook, or I would read journals to kill time between classes.
Dang . This year is going by SO fast !
my gpa goal isn't so impossible after all. YAYYYYY!!!!!!!
#ChrisBrownPickupLines Oh baby I'm the best lip-syncher you'll ever meet
"Tear this ship apart until you've found those tests!" -- Vader misplaces his package from Pearson.
Show em how it's done David West!!!
Yeah thats true, my gramny use to say only you know when its time to walk away
It's easy to see that you are smarter....especially with that contemplative look in the profile pic..lol
performing at TONIGHT at 8pm with Use code RADICAL for 2 for 1 tix!
Goonies! this is going to be good. Lol
#wecanbefriendsif you have a car
I'm Cutting This Shit Off Friday !! This Hair Gots Ta' Go !
"Equity doesn't mean providing the same things to all students... It's important to invest equitably." -Georgette Bhatena, JP Morgan Chase
Good morning!
i do!! Lets work together on this :)
Well CH retweeted me. My bday has been made. Thank you! #starCHasers ! !
yeah feli, sounds good let me know when you can :))
oh whatever :p
Had a good time at my cousin's house, eating, drinking & laughin with the fam =)
Over the course of a single week, I was in Phoenix, DC, Boston, the Bahamas, and Orlando. Nice to be home for a change.
should be time stamped if you want to skip. No plot talk, but themes are mentioned.
OK. we are rebrandin everything. Extendedcare Professional (ECP) is now ExtendedService Professional (ESP). no more confusion with them
How many get eliminated this week? 1 or 2?
I can't believe I'm seeing you Tuesday. No, like I really don't even feel like this is happening.
does Michael love his mom or his wife more?
what do blondes and turtles have in common? If ya get em' on their backs there.... F#)ked
Thank you so much! Hope you had a great day!
I want to be a stay at home mom but without the kids.
"make it fun, kind of like sesame street" when teaching library skills Amy Springer
went to buffalo beer/wine festival for free, saw the vow, sleeping in, powder keg/ sabres game tmrw. best weekend ever.weMeganRobertson1we
Thank you all my friend from myspace and facebook for dropping by! by text, phone just to wish me a happy birthday:) I love you guys:)
depressing, what happened to it?
I'm dead
yeah. Jerk.
Thank you for having Jack White's #Blunderbuss. My ears and wallet approve :)
Why do YOU think this night is different from all the other nights?
Do you have any good Pet jokes? Dog Stories? Cat funnies? let us know and we may RT you!
such a long day! glad to be home.. (:
We haven't any plans. I'll DM you my phone so you can text or call me. In case I'm not on the twitter.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
sip sip(:
Thank you for the mention!
you are so pretty and talented!!! :) please follow me? Thanks! :)
How much discretion to use; that is the question
Shieet we got more than a month and you already know what to get!
Why do I care so much when I know I shouldnt
New Yorker article says artists have 7 seconds to hook someone on a song. How long for reading--do you buy based on Amazon sample chapters?
I want to be more tan. :(
Watching videos of heavy D
I wanna trade Tim Duncan. Anyone?
So happy 2 have my #Days fam at this time cuz my grandfather just passed away!! XOXO
Just watching a movie now!
Having temporarily left DH world for a traditional panel, finding it weird that none of the panelists seem to be on Twitter.
what's wrong with dude? Why he so mad all the time?
Up late updating the blog. New post will up in the morning. Sleep tight everyone.
Just paid my AT&T bill and they took that money out with the quickness
good to know :)
Looking forward to the weekend in SF.......some R&R is required.
“: Dude. North Carolina. Wrong side of history.”
so...gmail is down. that's really inconvenient.
its polka dot cheater
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you stop to look fear in the face.
I hate having to pee when wearing a bodysuit
Invented the Design Lab - places where you can do arts and sciences together
That's clutch. All credit.
comparing your first job and the rest of your career to mr. right now vs mr. right: great advice from
Sad that a project tanked today, but glad that it is finally over. It turned into too much of a heartache. RIP CTE
Carn the mighty Hawks! Love our family footy night <3
Thanks for the delicious cookies someone just dropped off in our office :)
- Nine rounds or nine holes? There's a HUGE difference...
I remember when and would talk to me):
...Why you got to be SO fine?!
No oil on Texas beaches, but not many birds or nesting sea turtles either.
RT# IF YOU LOVE MUSIC.! [:
Happy Birthday one of my best friends, doing her thing in grad school & I'm so proud of her! Enjoy your day boo!
Good Morning!
its ok
im going #commando tonight.. cause i #procrastinate with doing #laundry -_-
Chilled and relaxed! Feeling great! Hit me up!:) Hope all is well!
why she did me like that?
I would basically look like an asshole if you found out i liked him... Hahahaha
I know xP
I really want to watch Romeo + Juliet
pretty great weekend(:
“: She's a bobble head” where where? Lol
Amazing :) ": Omg! R u serious?? My minis got a 1st in category, platinum and 1st overall?! HELL FUCKING YEA!!!!!!!"
#inmiddleschool I said no to drugs, #inhighschool drugs said no to me
Got a sub in third guess I'm not doing shit today
thanks for ruining my day.
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Practicing, working on new song, teaching lessons.
I tried to make it as inoffensive as possible. But it's a corn dog. It's kind of offensive by nature.
I often Google just to spell check words. I'd love to see Google's consumer profile on me. "He's really into 'beauocracy' and 'bannanas'."
That's cool -- pack fan . . . non pack fan . . . all are welcome!
Money don't move without action.
#dhtrial heard what seemed like chuckling from chambers. Otherwise very quiet.
Sell them what they want, but give them what they need. -Bedros Keuilian
Gotta get my bball game going. Simply ain't playing up to par right now!!
I'm declaring myself the Kevin Garnett in his prime of the kitchen. Test me if you think I'm lying. (I'm a touch more polite, maybe)
Writing during a realtor open house is impossible.
"Those hot, salt-scoured afternoons when the shore curved away in its long glistening arc toward the distant bluffs." Caleb's Crossing
Got to Newark 3 hours early for our flight only to find out our flight has a 3 hour delay. Please call us for standby!
Okay Twitterverse, who all is going to ?
Patiently waiting ....
Amazing true fact: IE7 renders HTML tables more correctly than IE8 or IE9. Who knew?
Awesome! >> : I bookmarked the site. Thank you.
whoa where?
Lol I was supposed to but I don't know why I didn't <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Check me out tonight on Showbiz Tonight @ 11pm ET on CNN.....
How many Seymours does your 5-year-old know?
haha I know right :) I'm half mexican half dominican :3 But I live in California & You... :]
RT : A candidate who wins the state he was born in by 3 points is unstoppable.
Sunday= mother/daughter juicing day, farmers market, making 10 gallons of herb tea day. I'm doing the paleo cleanse with her for support.
Now I see why you skipped your workout!
Saturday shout outs to and love you
And it's over...#endofanera? Err...or just a stadium. Gimme some luxury boxes.
Weird... Back in my hometown for the night.. Very very strange.
Is it me you're looking for?
Bless your soul, you really think you're in control.
check out White Rabbits at the MOOG FACTORY playing songs from It's Frightening on Moogs! www.liveatmoog.com
Thought determins ur destiny so think wisely..
Jack, thanks much for the RT. Here's to niche marketing!
I try to do my homework, but I easily get distracted, and then something like tapping my pencil against the desk becomes so interesting
u dont tweet
You're welcome Geane!
besides the early start, the first game I was the Vikings and was the saints... It was fair
okay! lol I've heard that one plenty of times.
The Lower North Fork Fire is now 45% Contained per
The Chaos Agent coming up in just a minute, tune in!
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead
I'm not saying anything about Claiborne's skill. Just his attitude. I'm no Wonderlic fan, but how can you just blow it off?
Scratch that. suggested #stoptheraid. We're going with it.
Thank you for the follow!
probably because it's an awesome album...
On new years my goal is to get 100 followers PLEASE help me achieve that goal I'll follow u in return
Thanks for liking my page Madeline! :-)
it's just too bad you can't play them 3 or 4 times each... playing each is like a bye week!
I need new black heel
haha it was good seeing you! :)
"...that was in the Hersey's Kiss ass?" nice :)
“: Adding "and shit" to make the sentence sound cooler and shit.”
suggestion for getting out of the #thatcamproadtrip involves driving quickly over a cliff face. May revisit plan later.
stalker!! Whats the number for 911???
Happy New Year to all our Twitter friends!
Been at the airport forever ugh
i have it uploaded to youtube!
This morning I'll be serving up some microwaved year-old bananas'n'creme Quaker oatmeal realness with a side of anxiety
Do I see you in the crowd at the President's press event?
his numbers are actually really good.
#ADCDebate Alexandria has a $600m budget/year
"Excuse me sir, could you point me in the direction of the "hood"?" -Mr. DMX
love the WMD jab on your site.
N btw your hair looks awesome!
yes, it's the first of many Nat'l Pie Days!
Just heard on the radio for the first time. I hope his music doesn't change because of this. Congrats tho
#WhatIf I was irish
should just write his players checks to
I'll be there!
I wonder how Kate Middleton is celebrating National Princess Week...
Chemistry is seriously my favorite class this year, I could be here all day and still be content!
until now I wasn't.
Would be great, count me in!
Me too!
Lin's kicks were hot tonight in the Futures Game
Host your next event at Clear Port Boutiques. For more information inbox Marcel
SHUT UP! RT Refusing to believe this >>>> " It's snowing in New Berlin"
The successful always have a # of projects planned to which he looks forward. Anyone of them could change the course of his life overnight.
"The answer to that is in my book." Radio/TV show hosts hate it when authors answer that way. Instead give 3 solutions.
Sounds like a blast! hahaha xD
GOODBYE FAMOUS PPL **clicking** [UNFOLLOW] except if followed(me)!! lol =O
Drive thy business, or it will drive thee (same goes for life).
#youcantdateme if you are selfish and boring too
malbec in the house
Have you noticed that the most serious people have the most ticklish feet? God's way of forcing these people to laugh, perhaps.
If you have zest and enthusiasm you attract zest and enthusiasm. Life does give back in kind. - Peale
Thanks Lorri..great seeing you. RT : #ce2012 is knocking it out of the park #sales #marketing presentation
Who do you have winning the #PGAChamp? We want to know!
Is anyone going to Miranda Lambert & Chris Young tomorrow night?
Best of luck to all students taking finals and to our graduating seniors; we'll miss you!!!
Don't forget to tweet about today!
Do you like cupcakes? So do we! Come to our Family Event on May 6 and grab one from So proud to have them as a sponsor!
Happy Mothers Day everyone
Its Friday! The weekend is setting in, but work is ever present. The balance...
Does the Pack have a chance to keep Cullen Jenkins n James Jones?
i start on the 13th. i'll be up on the 12th. when can we get up? i need a NYC vet to show me the ropes.
follow another twitter acct. As long as your not powerding that nose I might follow you
Up. Way to early :l
You're welcome. Thanks for noticing!
I'm still up... lol
New Clues to Preeclampsia - Wall Street Journal
This Thursday 9/15/11. Best Thursday Night in Lincoln Park Returns with amazing new specials and a new location!! Dont miss it
Cops pulls me over, "license & registartion?" i say no he gives me a ticket i go scissors beats paper #bestprankever. haha!
this could be the coolest PHOTO ever!!!!!!!
Have a super relaxing day! Don't forget the sunscreen!
HELLO RATCHET
Swear it was g.. RT : #NF yesterday was crazy my nigga
going place cuzz
Watching boomerang the best mac movie of all time
sounds like an excellent tentative plan to me...
Random morning #shoutout to (:
IGHTT LETS GO CLIPS
No. Haha. He probably will though.
Thursday morning, listening to Lou Reed's "TRANSFORMER", thinking my coffee needs a shot of whisky. Or heroin.
Yes please! Mike and the girls night!
heck ya we are;)
hopefully my "cute outfit" vision will work out tomorrow (: but goodnight. xx <3
what's your favorite wrestlemania match you've been a part of?
you are amazing (:
“: Finding answers in God isn't one way, it's the only way.”
you just blew my mind RT : Exactly. Rachet used to be a rabbi. Oh and Decepticons are Catholic, by the way.
::like I said what is it to you johnny boy?!
tell mama Tama I said happy mommy's day!
The showcase in Apartment 218 has started. Live acoustic performance from Free water and NYC bagels while they last.
Right! Forgot about that. Hope he does. Interesting guy- met him at Pacific Conf annual meeting few years back.
Wha ya'll no about dat chinese ref wit ketchup stains all ova his beada
yes, good
Salmon with wine pairings. Darren is going all out for Thurs. lunch tasting. Join usas taster -apply at www.TasteTweet.com
#Consultant Search Processed: General #Contractor - Parking Lot #ADA Compliance - Northern #CA (Contact re: Contractor)
No its, the opposite
I dint care it didn't hurt but I guess he felt bad so he gave me a hug
Good Morning to all my hoes out there in da world lts remember to keep up da good work and plz rmember to bring yur own knee pads
oh, what's up, Texas!?
aha ask him for a follow he would u have alot more followers than him
you'll have to let me know how the mullet is. Was going this afternoon but thought they weren't 100% ready yet.
Register for Beer-Con if you haven’t already... it’s how angels get their wings.
Done being sad. Focusing on me now.
TBone remains consistently Top Monitored, & Sundays 4* WIN only helps! Tonight, TBone has a MLB 4* for you and Him to cash with! BPOSport
starting with the 9th Doctor today. super excited.
hey stranger! How u been homie?
Sleep tonight, at dawn parade.
I still have roughly 7 hours to procrastinate for midterms...what to do, what to do...
I'll have to check "The Seamstress". Ghosts has been my favorite so far.
Follow us and you cud win a free party bus, complimentary drinks and the full VIP treatment. Already following? RT and you cud b selected 2
4 yr old tells me I'm cheating while playing car racing video games bc I'm I'm the lead haha love it
Like seriously its so annoying
Kick is good and now its Patriots 7- Broncos 6.
Don't miss Here to Serve's 1st bachelor/ bachelorette auction Tuesday, April 17th to benefit 4 Atlanta based charities!
Nice to see that rental rates have dipped since the last time I hunted for a place to live in LA.
Gr8! RT : Hey ! My birthday is coming! we'll be there & wait till the end of days if necess., can't wait!
You build emotional connections on different platforms with brands because you get a glimpse of their personality - of
I've got "Walk Like an Egyptian Stuck" in my head! Damn internet jukebox!
what?! where did you get said falsies?! RT just bought 20 fake eyelashes for $4 including shipping!
You Need Your Own Show!!! "Like Explaining How Much Sodium Is In Soy-Sauce .. I Don't Give A Fuck"
Ok only 2 episodes left for True Blood... Who do you think is going to die on the season finale???
If you aren't listening to the podcast yet, it's time you do.
Intense Heat, But No Light, in Japan-Korea Hydrographic Battle - Wall Street Journal (blog)
A must read book if you are passionate about alternative energy and what Nokero is doing to pave the way.
exactly! What happened to us? Well, I don't know you, maybe your just as cool, but I've certainly lost my competitive edge
the old FATA and PTW records are amazing
but thinking if EVERYONE is remote, it may just work. going to look into setting up an all remote meetup :)
a few hours ahead of time?
praying for angel & her family. her mom passed away after that episode was taped. #StayStrongAngel <U+E022>
DC vital records sent me 1 copy of stranger's birth certificate, not the 3 copies of my daughter's I ordered. No wonder office called "DOH."
Thanks...YAY!!! Finally...couldn't be happier for both of them. My brother is so happy and tired too!!!
Back to Milwaukee! :(
What an amazing night!!! The club was Poppin and everyone had a Blast Dancing & Partying @ ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Don't remember if I replied or not, but thanks. Talked to Uncle Augie and everything is getting worked out. Have a great weekend.
Real NICE! Props.
You Continue to break my heart but like a drug attic , I can't get enough ... Smh :/
just something that I thought you might be interested in.
Do you know how wonderful life is with you on the Earth
Narcissistic Rant: My stomach isn't that flabby anymore and I think I can see some rib definition! Why didn't anyone tell me exercise works?
Graham: Locally, a group working with Land Use & Housing to find permanent affordable housing sources.
: What's your number? I lost it when I got my new phone :(
Nas.. You're doing good to my soul right now.
Whitney Gone... Our Singer Dead
": I Have Major Trust Issues , I Can't Trust Anyone !" I feel this to the max !
that's jizz to my ears.
At risk of being unoriginal- this weather is AWESOME!
heyy. I wish I saw you
Dear Smokers, u can not make two blunts out of a nickel bag
Mine starts with orientation Thurs. Did you clerk this summer?
lol this bitch.
Forgot our #Wonk Photo Contest started this week? Don't worry! Week 2 starts tonight at midnight. Ads are all over DC. american.edu/wonk
Yayy i get the next week off of school! Soo happy!!
MY DAD IS PAYING FOR THE REST OF MY PHONE SO I CAN GET THE 32GB IPHONE INSTEAD OF 16 BECAUSE IM ONLY A LITTLE SHORT <U+E418><U+E418><U+E418><U+E418><U+E418>
About to drop an absolute sick set on the rooftop of the Clevelander hotel from 1pm to 5pm...if you are on the beach swing bye...
Present: . Get ready for a WILD night
RT GGPark Band helps you celebrate Italian American Day at the Music Concourse today at 1pm for free. //Take an umbrella!
aye fam, follow back ?! :)
Hollie's Dress Is Too Cute! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
seriously! I'm leaving for a month over the summer so we will have to go before then!
FINISH THIS set! Winner goes to the Final Four!
Every time I see a commercial for the heavy hitter, I always think of I sure do miss having him around :(
let's do!
say hi to us! Rena and Gabby from america <3
Yes guys in NYC...I'm a celtics fan
LOL ... BUT HE PULLED IT OFF WELL I HAVE TO say .....
Great chatting with you both. Thanks for the tips!
What the hell Love drinking orange slice? He gone catch cramps
I got money and I slang that wood so gon waste ya time she just gon take that drink and walk back to Daddy!
Aw man. I just ate half my body weight in Baked Lays and Dean's dip for lunch - guess who's not skipping the gym today :(
only children or vd...
#10FactsAboutMe I will be everything you want but nothing you can have because you have lost your chance...
TMI RT : Hart said two pieces of cartilage already had broken off and were floating in the knee, which would have locked it...
There's no repayment for that...
good ;D
Unofficial winning time of 24 minutes, 2 seconds for Sigl.
S/O to my new & Old followers <U+E41E><U+E012><U+E418>
my new name
ain't no one like those situations lol
I just accidentally swallowed my mouthwash.
Love to twitter on twitterrific .. :) (via ) hi
The Super-Secret Sing-Along CD I ordered for my Dad & I is on it's way! My Dad is all excited, too, trying to figure it out! =D
Finishing last-minute touches to new iPad application AND our upcoming update to Flex! We hope you like it!
hm....hit me up when you get off work later girl! I got you(;
of course. let me know what's good?
Great call on Carmelos! May have to make our way down there ourselves ;)
$5 says Matt Cooke #pens :)
Sat outside for ten min and i already look like a diff race
Having a bad back week. Started w/ a tight lower back, then tweaked left mid-back. Recovered & tweaked right mid. Time for a massage.
Hope everyone on the West coast is having a good morning and the East coast having a good lunch...and inbetween enjoying that 3rd cuppa joe
LOL! No sir! Been down!
sad very sad =[
out Oct 15th, you can check out or progress with the game and book by going to www.d3xsoft.com thanks and hope you all are well!
I have both.
Check out the amazing artwork of Haley Cassatt!
The Blunt Amendment got knocked down, (preposition important in context), in the senate; some good sense displayed. Yea.
Always. RT : Being very grown up and mature with
Check out platinumposts.com
WERKIN on this new track coming out on me and lucci's "killa swag" mixtape and blowing on this lemon haze wit &
Trey Songz ~ Heart Attack video>>>>
Hum, depends on the situation RT should i wear red or Black hmm?
ahh I'm watching that right now for the 1st time it's so funny :D
Young the Giant at the Fillmore tonight at Squee!
'' I can't drink this beer... It tastes like a pankcake ''
i was looking at Funny last night on reddit and saw ! Old news?
who else watches the bio channel like me? lol
So what do I have to do to give you a much needed QB and I need a WR
NGP VAN does not buy, sell, or trade lists. We provide a blank database.
Random tweet: Listening to the Jackson 5's Who's Loving You. Takes me back to when Michael died & the BET Awards scrambled to "honor" him.+
I'm so happy we have school off on valentines day.
Eating organic blueberry oatmeal, drinking green tea and deciding what to tackle first: create PPT of best intranets or verify REQ doc.
The RT before this is access to the slides for tonight's class.
She hasnt tweeted since 38 mins. Ago since the argument was happening.Calm yo' tits.shit
Today was/is one of the craziest (good crazy) days I've ever had.
fight than
Good luck on your tryouts!
Be right back Twitter (: !
Wish Ty was here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
How many times is too many.. when it comes to reheating coffee? I'm heading for the 2nd now - but it was fancy coffee not just station drip
Happy for Holtby.
Love your work, Im a big fan! We can help you raise money for your next video or pre-sell some of your work. Hit me up to chat
Drinking & Smoking weed= Fun Drinking & Smoking weed= loss of brain cells and accidental sex with a ugly bitch which 9 months lead too? lmao
CREED - Warner Theatre TONIGHT
Other tools: gliffy, google forms.
catch contact...
echofon is great if you have a Mac and use the Mac app. It syncs your timeline so u are always at the last read tweet
I'm not a " hater". I just want you to die.
#TandSballoon ARE WE THERE YET?
Nice : I am sure that just loves that
Thanks for the RT :-D Keep up the hard work over there.
DO THIS!!! RT : Would LOVE it on vinyl. Costs a fortune... no label, no distribution, no chance
what's the matter. Talk to me
More children have arthritis than juvenile diabetes, cystic fibrosis, cerebral palsy and muscular dystrophy COMBINED.
Gonna try and hit 30 pages today. Wrote 7 in the past 5, so going for a personal record today of 9.5 pages.
Surprisingly I don't have a cold even though I was in the hot tub when the temp was about 30F.
I have them electronically and can share if you want.
LOL I never said that...I like the basketball side of it tho, everything else?...hate it
Where can i listen to some of your work.
okay :C
FOUND one adorable gray and white puppy dog in a public bthrm at chattahoochie rvr this am! She needs a new home!!! Pls spread the word
just listenin to Aqueous Transmission by Incubus
I should really consider getting some sleep. It's a good thing I don't have any obligations tomorrow.
Don't forget, is playing this Saturday! No cover as always.
Oh cool! It's supposed to be an awesome weekend too! Warm weather + cold beer = easy livin'!
var life = function(hoursSleep) { if ( > hoursSleep) { return "You're a boss"; } else { return "Learn what's up!"; } }; life();
It's an interesting issue! I feel like 'brogramming' can be harmless fun, but clearly some have crossed a line.
The cast of The Hunger Games is about to be on stage at MOA. Safe to say the teenage girls came out in full force.
I am beautifully busy right now... Blog posts, new photos, and TONS of local coverage! Check back for updates & details! #LiveMusic #NewArt!
I guess no ustream ;c
"I am his Highness' dog at Kew; Pray tell me, sir, whose dog are you?"
Huge thanks to , , and for the sweet book launch last night!
It was just 12 days ago when Ariana hit 1.6 now 1.7! In love with this fan base! :)
Switch the windex plan up. Instead walk down the street. And spray it in your friends eye and have them freak. See what people do.(;
wrong about the time part... definitely takes time
she's not the worst, but she is approaching it.
Driving to Buffalo Grove. ETA 5:36 PM using - Social GPS.
“: free stuff is the best stuff!” you already know!
both, happy eastern motors!
Overeem: English is my second language (explaining why he looked away when giving response)
We are saddened to hear of the death of former Charger Junior Seau, a local San Diego icon and legend. Our thoughts are w/ his family.
This Friday its going down! B Day Bash inside Club 1616. 1616 E 15th st LA. Ladies free & bottle specials till 11.
Out probably another month or so. Re-strained his elbow.
RT : For designers who want to learn to code, Dave MacFarland's full-day workshop at UX Immersion is a great place to start:...
OMG, you have to search him on youtube or follow him at he is an incredible young singer from Texas <U+E056> (c)
Well I guess I'm missing class today. Eye appointment taking forever. This year sucks.
when does he come around where you live
tell your publisher now!! If they think they can get syllabus biz they'll be thrilled.
stop making fun of Oprah guys. Bitch has got a lot on her plate
Happy Birthday ! From one God-fearing, southern girl to another... Enjoy!
^NB Create a filter. Open the email, click more > filter messages like these. Click next. Check Delete it. click create filter
My prob w is that it is the Mitt Romney of mags-- it has zealously adhered to Public Choice in trying to dominate middle
#SEMA2011 is making an excellent case for all the uses for vinyl wraps. We're bringing back some exciting new options!
Awesome. Our team took third and we are headed to State: RT : How was the Hammond regional?
I wish I could go to Too bad I don't live close to there.....
Can anyone point me to some good digital watermarking source code / algorithms? (preferably in Java)
Hey guys! Wish a happy birthday!
was just talking this the other day... "No one really cares" RT But why do y'all keep RTing compliments tho?
yooo thankz fo followin me ! If U wanna get 2kno Me , den hit me up ;)
So close to quitting time, SO CLOSE! Whats friday like where you are?
Good deal. My wife writes paranormal romance.
There's always room for JLo.
hey boo...quick ? do we have to answer both questions on the blog post?
taking it a day at a time but please instant message me on facebook brother
cause ..... I don't want aliah to get in her trunk .... Besides I'm not in yours .
" ii done stayed home ; but im bored as heck!"
What do you mean by that?
Yay for productivity Trish! Know you can do it! What's the deadline for?
Thank you Pearl, and have a great weekend
awesome. I miss you too, man! Hope you and the fam are all well.
I would have to say Gears 3 finally launching!!
singing + dancing= best thing eva
Can't wait til game time.... Let the daddy sodas drain
My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty
follow me back my love <3<3
you add #legendofKorra in there to??? Saw it yesterday and loved every minute of it!
"Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know."
HI TWITTER WERE BACK lol
I surely can friend. I use Agave nectar in my sugar free pies.
I thought you left already lol
No more im not just going to sit their and let you hurt me I'm going to get up and hit you in ur face
Little Mountain no go, but Willoughby is..I'm excited as some of my fav breweries are gonna be there that arent in PA
Nice! We're wishing on our lucky charms for you. :)
The last three gives Wilson a career high 16 pts
Tonight. The 930 Arts Center. Interstates & Lydia Burrell. We have been preparing with you in mind. Please come and enjoy.
I'm at a McDonalds and this guy just left his newborn baby on a table and left.......oh America
Started writing a new song today. This one will make you want to dance. Can't wait till you all can hear it!
well hello there!
I'm sorry D: I hope you feel better soon!
All my first dates end up at Alterra on the lakefront.
hey my best friend, 's birthday is this Friday and she loves you! Can you please wish her a happy bday! Plz!
Wore my drake shirt to school today and didn't get dress code. BHS knows is too cool for dress code. Haha ;)
sumthn special just for u.... 2 #NEW #bEaTS!!!!
Can't wait to see this fat pay check <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
112 formerly homeless pets were adopted into loving, forever families during our 24/7 Event! THANK YOU!
The boyz did what they're mission was, to inspire people and send a message saying kids can tear up the stage.
New Mixtape: Lil ' B 'The Silent President ' Lil ' B is back and he 's giving us another new mixtape .
Losing Followers Is The Worst Feeling In The World.
Most ecomm sites store your data anyway... they have to for returns/issues/mkt research. They just don't tell you that.
Buddy ass said he would be my sugar daddy lmbo!
Crazy the amount of setup and prep time it takes to shoot what will amount to be a minute long scene in a tv show. Long day!
EMBARC is teaming up with Farmhouse today for lunch. Farm to table with everything made in house even the sodas!
reading your umbraco 5 article...can you share your .gitignore and how you deploy a site from this method?
aha. She's mentioning the challenges w/ rural areas in SA, vs the more affluent areas. That's the REAL Africa?
The story of my fuckin life......
Happy Pay Rent Day!!
Haii everyone go follow an amazing guy and help get him to 200 maybe even 300 come on follow him(:
We're working with Max Dalton for our debut issue cover. MAX F'ING DALTON PEOPLE!!! Get excited!!!
me neither!
Watching jersey shore like EVERYONE else on this fucking planet!
I kind of wish that Logan would trade swimsuit bottoms with the girl he's hugging...
If only unsubscribing from your mailing list actually meant I would stop receiving your emails. Sigh.
Give me your Tumblrs! I follow everyone lol
Excuse me sir -- but WHY do you have Patrick Swayze tattoo'd on your forearm?
I am happy I can say I've been in the same building as a kardashian now
I have all four but rarely use LinkedIn & Google+ I checka few times a month-but typically ppl cross post so dont miss much
"You're only two years older than me." - C. Plum
I love Ireland but the breakfast over there needs to improve before I visit again
You're still a fucking douche bag!
Reading my mail...ugh whatever..
Sorry, what is this "maths?"
now following . ! Cx
I go to platinum :), why what's up?, oh yeah and follow me Elia don't act like u don't know who I be lol ^.^
Discover What Moves You - Find your passion and strive to live your life around it. Make your list. Do your homework. There is this caution,
You're welcome! I read December Nightmare this weekend and loved it - great story! :)
To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.-- Aaron Copland
Same to you mama:)!
That's an awesome band name. Wish I could make it out.
#OtterbeinT&F Go Hurdlers!
Lesson of the Day: This is your ass (_._) This is your ass in prison (_O_) Any questions? Just say no to crime!
Here comes the wwe poster boy.
thanks man! :)
if anyone is spring cleaning, i'm collecting clothes to donate to
YES! We are all blessed! Thank you for reminding me that there is so much to be thankful for today!
Lol drink a bottle of wine Mama that'll put you to sleep RT : I need some!!!
#gwu, #sleighbell coffee? What's better on a miserable Tuesday?
This living history business at the National American History Museum is really good.
Can't wait to get 43 and head north
the 4th rule of #thatcamp #pub is: always bring mittens.
Me and Jordan Benker let's trend
thanks you too.
#bizethics sometimes environmentalism finds you, Logan
"Even though their games have very little in common, lets compare Kevin Love to Larry Bird because they're both white basketball players!"
Taking the long way to class
Thanks to everyone who came to the Marcy Playground show! You guys are the best!
Why is it that the second week of break goes by so much faster then the first?
DON'T hire an SEO, they only want u 2 rank in the search engines with ur competitors competitionless.com/search-engine-domination.html
ah! tell Dublin I said "hello!" I miss the place somethin' rotton, even that little bodhran bollix under the Molly Malone satue
#BOYFRIEND10Minutes OMG, I am so excited to hear it!
Buy things because you need them, not because they are on sale
I don't know how puts up with these people in his chats.
-People were praying on my rough flight, anyone laughing would have actually freaked me out.
If you had a chance to pick a paint scheme for a NASCAR car what color would the main color be?
check your facts on who developed the SAFER barrier.
What are your thoughts about FB going public? Let us know!
Gorgeous site. Welcome to the world.
let FOLKS knw I called him yesterday but he didn't answer.. Lol.. Talking bout me
what do you bring into that audition room? Your authentic self!!! No desperation, no perky, no attitude - YOURSELF.
yes. just got my phone back. hallelujah!
I regret telling her :/
Hey Tias, how bout a nap? Why Tias that sounds splendid. Thought so, lets make it happen. Tias U always have great ideas. Thx Tias, you too
ommmgg I feel that way all the time. It make me colder when I see that.
Thank you, Cindy. The time is right for our Civil War stories since this is the first year of the Sesquicentennial commeration fo the C.W.
And... he's kinda hot. Even with a pasta strainer on his head. Plus #atheism adds to the hotness.
I can't wait until marching band season! I'll have to make sure to see your show!
Holden and Ophelia are the best literary names! Good picks :)
Haha, I hear ya.
lol! No lighting for some reason screws it up. That is what a tech guy told me.
When u relize...
Thanks for prompting me to think e-comm.
LoL accidentally dirty you Lil Birdie Ahahaha.......Loved your Homer and Marge, once I figured out that wasn't a lamp post LOL
hey! Nice job on boot camp. Proud of ya sister.
Thus far* I highly recommend
#capsbruins those penalties better fucking even out
just talked with Earl Smith...says glad he ran honest campaign against Mayor Coleman
Hm... To buy My Ticket Home's album, or not to buy. That is the question...
#SaaS contracts can compel navigation of 3-party arrangement, not always in privity; user, software vendor and cloud provider
This sucks do bad
Hey brotha I just watched your Inspirational Sermon from April 4th on TBN. I'm heading back to Faith Street. Thank you.
a concert hosted by Kiis fm
i've had a person at work (not in my dept) ask me when I'm going to have kids
Best line of the day, "Is that fox news I hear? I will really start to cry if it is..."
I HEARD STEVE CARELLS NOT ON THE OFFICE ANYMORE! THATS THE ONLY REASON I EVER REALLY WATCHED IT!!!
i'm not taking food from anyone's mouth...i'm feeding...constantly...every day...working
Shine in the New Year with a Winter Radience Facial Take 50% OFF , Fridays only! Offer ends Jan 31st. 360-687-0778
Fantastic time with and in Modesto!! Thank you,
Just heard someone yell "Turkish Hanmer" here at Caesars. Awesome.
Wish I lived in the 1600s with the witches or in the 1800s. Both living in the country.
My wife feels that LivingSocial Distortion would be a better name.
hey so excited for the brofriend video! actually can't wait! wanna make my day and follow/tweet me? much love from ireland x
me too cant wait
Thanks Milan!
Unfortunately, we are not. Are you guys on there?
P.E.M.D.A.S. Please Excuse My Dope Ass Swag. I finally get math.
Uh Oh.. No Love breaking is toys again?
My apartment looks a lot bigger when most of my stuff is not in it.
@ ira, and yet again he tweeted tractable, gentle, pliant, and submissive
SleepIssues (Issue 13 "Sane Sleep") has gone to print. Downloads available next month.
single 35 & up TryOuts is throwing a cocktail party for you Nov 27th. visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com or call 210-558-6558 for info
If ya parents give you money it's still their money not yours
Social Media is the path to new age recruiting. Visit us and review the latest jobs posted! www.hrjobboard.com
Get your mom a great gift for $50, shipping included anywhere is the USA, get a poem etched on beveled glass. Email me to place your order.
Good Monday People
THANK U Gina, u ROCK!Gloria does most of #Dollarocracy.com, I do here. FACTS out & Justice 4all! Kyt :j
You know it!
: "The greater the % of your job is devoted to teaching, the lower your compensation & status."
We in this bihhhhhh
what is this for? Just for you
Only 1,400 tweets & & follow me. Never stop tweeting, kids. Dreams do come true.
Don't forget to check in on foursquare when you're on campus!
The seeds of successful businesses are problems crying to be fixed or desires craving fulfillment.
Hi Martin, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
too fresh. Haha well I do have a job. So
"Don't catch salmon or any electric seals. I don't eat those."
worst state in the country. louisiana. -.- you?
Pablo Picasso was baptized Pablo Diego José Fransisco de Paula Juan
gurrrlll you fantasizing ?
get it # BIGRICK
Hey! Glad you're on Twitter.
Lots going on, but that's a good thing :-)
Are you going to the TAC tonight?
Hey, Bill. Backatcha!
well, they don't take reservations. So, we're on our own!
we are getting excited here too!
Thank you! It gets more romping soon, too -- regime change, new lovers, dead bodies at the water station . . .
Heyy! I have a question about the latin project..
#pure RT : Twitter lives for real-time holy s*&^ moments, and nothing delivers that like live sports
Mall Posted wit Fam watch my kidz chase these lil dogs L map
Now I'm crying my eyes out.. How come my parents never told me.. I've known.... All my life he was there since I was a baby.. Unbelieveable!
Go Golden Panthers!!
I love you. That is all.
sall good im used to the emotional abuse from my mama:) thats how we roll.
MLK Chicago Stat: Along MLK: Murder risk is 3 times higher than the rest of the city.
Tat my fukin name on u wen i go u still be mine
An ending is a beginning.
Finally home from work. Beer me!
The University of North Texas!
Im a little sweet,a little salty, I float w/the waves that gently rock me,don't come too near I might get naughty, im happy as a clam..
That's crazy! and I were tv anchors together back in high school! #small world
we are having a blast! Merry Christmas to you and your sweet family.
Based on how much play they're giving the story, that suspension must have already begun.
toms or sperries?
“: Leos and Scorpios truly ain't the ones.” <<<<THIS....folk betta believe it like they believe u need air to breathe
Had fun laughs w/ S+J/K+J last night! Matt has the sickness I gifted him. I've shaken my wasted state of last night. Chill, stormy day. :)
yes if u cant make the career fair u can do extra "extra credit" tests to make up for it, i will post another link to more
it likes AAPL just lowered 3rd qtr guidance. Not sure why the stock is up after hours...
Somewhat heartbroken not to be at #AWP12 right now!!
IML presents Kim Christen's Digital Humanities 2.0: is revolution possible?
Agree with Grace on multiple issues tonight. Young, and the fact that Williams is terrible as 3B coach this year.
Hey when r we leaving tomorrow??? And when r we getting back?
Happy Monday Francisco and always keep that positive attitude and energy alive
Just did a fun standup for Joy at CTV.ca in dc bureau for use later tonight. Getting ready for my 6:30 live shot now.
Thanks K your the best! id die without my special K! xD
Oosthuizen eases Masters misery with Malaysia win Louis Oosthuizen bounced back from his US Masters heartbreak in the best possible fashi
I hate Long sleeves
Good morning!!
I didn't mean YOUR butt.. I meant the catalog picture butt.. I'm not that creepy. ;)
Shame on CNN. "We shouldn't speculate about how she died, but let's speculate."
Thanks for the shout out Rick! We appreciate it.
Still sick about dropping my iPhone in the water....So much information and so many memories in that phone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Last day of LGR SAT tutoring w/ the best students ever. , , , & others will destroy that test!
Question: Well how do you do it again?
Retweet if u are against our corrupted government and the new world order follow me and I will def follow u rite back Killumanti ;)
social tv panel at #smw discussion pitted against data driven content feed v how viewers actually want to interact with 2 screens
following the game via your tweets...
Well, has all that too, plus.. Puppies, Drugged Bears, and Cross-Country Cats.. we're animal planet today
lol your like my new bestfriend <U+E253>loll
Sorry we missed you.We were there till 6pm.We will be back next Sat.Hope to see u then!
Thanks, Sarah!
Hello, We have received your request for marketing services. Business Development Palmer Office: 888.372.4138 Welcome aboard, XMcorp
Hope it went well!! : About to take my placement test for Cincy !!!
tomorrow needs to not be monday..
why always happen this to me</3?
mine were on at 6pm!
I sometimes see young kids with their protesting parents in front of PP when walking to work. Waste of a childhood
I aint ask for this, i worked for this ..!!
Polar Bear party tomorrow. You know you want to come – it’s a hot tub. In Feb. On our patio. Plus booze. Could it get any better?
So close to 2000 fans! Help us get there!!
Walked out to my car to get something and the second I get there the sprinklers turn on
RT : Lil Boosie Found Not Guilty In Murder Case
lol lmfao that's harsh bro
Almost bought S4 this weekend. Thanks to for keeping it real. For now.
Too nice out gotta blow
I've got a stack of old mags + "The Golden Notebook" on my "stay-in-bed-and-read" list this weekend. What about you?
How many movie plots have been made worthless due to the ubiquity in our present day of the smartphone?
when you reach front desk, aim right to the private nook
I still love my sistas even though we have our moments and disagrements - :)
: Nice win today Tiger.
Culture is what is in your mama's kitchen
Phone is found!
If you dont know what you talking about shut the fuck up
An my aviators Gucci !
Thank your car for that weekend of road trips. Give us a call. We'll come to you to change your oil, replace your breaks, and more!
Where have you gone ?
Red red wine stay close to me
Using the quick tag viewer/editor at the bottom of the display window helps sort out embedded divs and other tags. :)
okay great just make sure u tell her its a surprise so she doesn't say anything :)
Only the cool kids. ;3
a little bit haha
Coming Soon! "The things in life annoy me". A new 26 page book available on Amazon.com by mid-January. Reply w/ address for advance copy.
I assume that "wha?" comment was sarcasm, right?
Some people can make anything about them. Sick of selfish ass people!
Hey girl! Did you end up getting tickets for Seattle?
If it sounds too good to be true...
#ColdplayOnIdol; paradise. how can you not like this song? <3
No, because it is a freshwater dolphin lol
This bitch has woken me up twice in one class period.. Bitch
TRAFFIC: Rollover Hwy 12/18 @ Hwy 73 - off the road. Emergency crews On the scene
congratulations on the t shirt line!
RT : #ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith God give strength to change what I can & the patience to accept what I cannot
YEAH HI-5 Word
Promise me u will always remember:U r braver than u believe, stronger than u seem & smarter than u think. Christopher Robin 2 Pooh~AA Miline
I need 8 more lol RT : Just got done running 2 miles. Tryin to keep up with my boy L We got some work to do!
Not always a bad thing, once you get used to it, and the world has.
I love it!
i know u watched #walkingdead last night... :))
Thank you for the RT and getting the word out about FUN in Rochester NY! You rock!
text-mining, digi mapping, & geo visualization to understand 19 th cen US Mexican borderlands through writings of SF Austin
are you even getting anything done out there?
I really need to go pick up my check this weekend
Never 4 get when u work hard u receive good results
Property Fishing boat Holidays throughout Of india
also, when we hanging out familia?
dude I'm down haha for sure
What You Think Is Kind Of Oldd News
I bought some shoes n dont wanna wear them. Lol i aint got bread to wasting
Try it now fool.
I want a fajita
I know medical waiting rooms are stressful. But clipping yr nails is never acceptable in public.
I believe the chapter was on taking awesome notes (for great mind-hacking good).
Jade Bryce was N the house & we had a very productive shoot. We accomplishd many luks N a small amount of time. Check out sum of the fotos!
#AddHealth2Life Healthy food access is an #agefriendly issue. What are you doing to turn food deserts into oases?
Haha I know what I'm doing, I got this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Up super early to get ready for the show this morning. Tune in for great music and fun chatting 89.3 FM 10-noon EST.
Gonna put his name on my twitcon ^.<3
ugh. i always forget the 30. anyway, i'm in for burgers if you go tomorrow.
I think that's a really good assessment. I'm glad this wasn't the series finale because there is a lot more ground to cover.
thanx Man pls check out my music wwkingbabajames.com thank u again so much.
I'm good just a Tad bored lol
If Jesus can ask God the Father to forgive the people who crucified Him, then #you can too! Not ready yet? Say/think "help me Holy Ghost!!!"
Thanks. What do you still have left to organize?
RT - Peter King of SI.com likes what he sees on the Jacksonville Jaguars defensive line.
thanks for the mention!
Schenn had a chance to pull a Scott Stevens hit on Malkin there on that play and totally wussed out.
we need promotion
which in other words means, you're going to tweet it. Right..?
Christmas Day run... A family tradition!
#MyWorldMemories when restarted baby 3 TIMES in pittburgh cause he was laughing too hard :)
working in www.findire.com
“: Lost all my contacts” 3373531454 destinee :)
poverty shouldnt be an excuse to deny children choices and a quaility education
I loove youu;) I absolutly love your videos and ur amazingly hot;). Ill give you a cookie! If you follow me;D-Savannah Carter;
I got my order in the mail! Yippee!
Still have no breakfast :/
cool well i am a Iconiac soo ill tell my friends about it ill help out :D
*Hot girl on screen* SUP GIRL!?!?!?
Oh and someone should tell this other girl if she has a fat sack to not wear tight shirts. That's not flattering
Good morning! How the heck are you and Millie this morning? RT Good mornin' & howdy from Texas! :)
Gonna have a pet next month or in april <3
great performance as the watermelon man on cant hardly wait
Welcome to Sara's twts. Must be d hottest day of the year in Buff, NY. Easier to tell which season a passerby is born. July's r laid back.
4,000 FB likes in just over a year! Thanks for all the amazing support guys, we love you!
I am fine thank you. How is life treating you? Why the JAWZOFLIFE?
:p agreed haha. After work im picking my girlfriend up and going to play a little show before our big one next month
Going through car washes is probably at the top of my fears list.
Open access isn't the same as copyright free. Can't agree with that last plagiarism comment.
The money<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0> is the Motive
I'm usually a big fan of The Cafe, but banana flavored pudding is just an insult to real banana pudding. Otherwise another great lunch.
dammit gaskarth wish me a happy birthday!
Aww that's so cute. Girl, I have BUILT a car! ;)
Feeling is mutual
Irish Whiskey Tasting at Hotel Oregon on 2.27! Start celebrating St. Paddy's Day early with us! More info at 503.472.8427 or mcmenamins.com
effffffffff of you slut.
same here !
that movie also taught you its ok to not feel confined to your own race. So many of us will only date a black man
Check out our latest chapbook review!
all you beliebers out ther need to follow
your name is so ironic. No customers matter to Charter. Only money.
Ok, , get me home in time to watch the #Caps game!
Heading to Doha to give my TED talk. The Web of Ancient Manuscripts. GULP.
our pleasure!
Just found out that the company I work for will be dropping the offered medical
what's some good places to eat around the Verizon Center?
Just slept 11 straight hours!
agreed, but we don't have the resources for it this year. Maybe next.
your my favorite kardashian!!so real and mature!!proud!!!
Tweet at us what your doing today!!
We noticed and we love it. Thanks. Hey! today anniversary of the bicycles first introduction in NYC (1819), &USA, any pics?
Love that bridge tweet!!
Hear you are speaking at Flagler College in March. Can you come to Jax B4 or after for our PRSA group? Dates?
Memorial weekend =great.. Worked angels baseball games, had good food, spent time with someone close to me...
i understand. twitter's not perfectly suited for the quick response. it always comes over as pedantic.
I don't want to go to school ...
Awww. That was one patient horse actor.
#OnlyIf tweeted his future wife <3
Turned down an offer of Swisher for Bryce Harper 30 minutes ago. Now find out Harper is getting called up Saturday. D'oh!
Kingston grabs the camera and warns Charlie Cox that "it's on now."
So much answered prayer today!!! Awesome! God is so good!!
I hate Russ Russ!! lol
There's only one reason a man would light tiki torches
#ESRIUC where are these 'map sandwiches' i keep hearing about? They sound delicious!
If you are following me and I'm not following you, please tell me, I will follow back.
In show of solidarity with east coast, probably not going to wear a jacket tonight.
No, there's new stuff this year, Ahman Green wants to come back.
GIRL; "You can't solve all the worlds problems with a Shotgun!" HOBO; "ITS ALL I KNOW"
RT I fucking HATE when people do backward smiley faces!!!!! Wtf is this (: ?!?! >:/
You don't want to work? You just want to bang on the drum ALL day?! That actually sounds like work, especially being that you're a musician.
no worries, I can pick them up by Monday at the latest!
Many thanks to our attendees, presenters, sponsors & staff for a great day of conversation, debate and info on ebooks in libraries!
there's a reason doesn't follow everybody who asks. he probably doesnt want to kill people from shock. :p
ehh I'll live lol I jut hope it's not broke
Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break. ~Earl Wilson
Just dogs.
be on the look out in the next couple days son
Calkain is feeling the rush to finish year-end N deals. How about you?
Lauren just got cut. Payson told the NGO about her bad heart and they cut her.
Have a safe and fantastic Thanksgiving break! Dip Ball will welcome you back on campus with a Christmas Tree sale on Nov. 28th-Dec. 1st!
haha. I do that all the time.! In fact imma do rite now. Lmfao. :D
Back on the grind, GA hours all day then class tonight
I like a guy who has the same name as someone I know. First and last name. Weird!!!
rack city
Started the day off right by watching WAKING LIFE for the first time. Very ambitious movie, could have been a train wreck, wasn't.
My hair is doing terrible things. I think it's time for bed...
our boy = swag
They say I'll never be good enough, sometimes it hurts to think it could really be that way...
#KidsOnRace should be mandatory viewing for all parents of school-aged children. Eye opening & educational.
whoa mariney do u WAnt to be on 16 and pregnant or something ?
ixen Happy Friday! <U+273F>
haha, I like this working progress, it works for you(:
You're feeling better I take it! RT : I haz Internet!
Make Her Long for Your Lips
...so forms are a big problem. But yes, it's worth it, in fact the teens EXPECT to share. For some it may be motivation for class.
As a person who works for traditional art, I was very touched to see such a show, which so exquisitely reflects our inner world.
Where the fat chicks at?
I hope u get your birthday dick for your mouth, pussy and assholle
Bo of course!
Mark Twain observed once that, “It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”
LUCID DREAMS JAZZ QUARTET 8:00PM NO COVER Emily Brown - Vocals Matt Romy - Keyboard Jamal Borden - Bass Ben Fowler - Drums
Lol thanks :) RT : #ShoutOut to for not being as boring as other #Hollister workers(:
aww.. You both are Gorgeous!
GM have a good day at work.
watching Labyrinth right now; thinking of you & :D <U+2665>
I'm sure we'll be in fl soon, what's your facebook so I can add you to our group?
what up my dudee
Shout Out follow him
great story...pulled me in, and to be honest almost none of them do ( too many)
Reading, PA's DID (Downtown Improvement District) is running a Scavenger Hunt on the Corridor. Awesome event last year. Count us in.
yes!!! Or we can meet to discuss your progress in depth. Over bellinis.
Could possibly love our music even half as much as we lover hers?
Ha-ha RT : If a fat dude has a ponytail there's a 128% chance that he also has a wizard sword hanging on his bedroom wall.
Parent of a 3rd grader and 5th grader requests: "I urge you and humbly request that you will reconsider the FLES cuts."
oops I read it wrong lol
HI i just ant to let you know that ur my idol and i just got into a huge fight with my sister to get your poster well three. C:
You're doin great!! So good to see you!!
i cant belive you actually spread mayo all over your face .__. thats nasty ! #youdoingtherefrigeratordance is funny
Bells please tweet me in French LOVE YOU please :) You are my life you are beautiful funny Talented <U+2665> Loove Yoou Soo much
We young niggas, we just tryna be
"Well done is better than well said."
watch the language lol?
That rule rocks! RT : Ever wonder what Twitter Rule #1 is? Do a Google search for it to find out ;-)
Big thanks to Doug & Brad from for the tickets to Divestock. I always enjoy some good craft brews.
I feel likewi should be listening to 1901 here in az.
that won't work. Already tried this hundreds of times... you need ONE otherwise no adoption
"Siri, what is bologna?"
I cringe every time I send Inside UW, fearing a similar disaster to 30k picky people.
yeah, no clue, no clue
I like the angle of this picture. Where is this at?
Remember that time my pants fit great in the morning...and then I had too much sushi? I do.
YOU CAN ONLY BE LIMITED BY WHO YOU TAKE ADVICE FROM USUALLY IF THEY HATE U THEY HATE THEMSELVES U MAYBE CALLED A LOT OF THINGS B4 U SUCCEED.
Thanks for following guys ..your work looks great
I would buy $10 of Ramen Noodles, which would last me a lifetime.
remember last time I saw you? Me either.....
We are truly amazed at how much great music is out there!! :)
Thanks, Mitch!
There seems to be a lot of cackling at work today...
Didn't know you were doing commercials now.
great! Thanks!
Glad you were able to resolve everything. If you need help with anything else, please let us know! cc:
been great home for the summer sure take u long to answer ur mentions lol what u been up too hope not drama
what up, iphone.
There is always club music playing in my head 24/7.. I <3 club music.
Nice to meet you! Who do momanage?
Hope everyone enjoyed the I.U.P.U.I. Regatta! Our next event is NEXT Thursday. Be sure to RSVP on Facebook!
Gave #Guts to loved one who has struggled with addiction, and she read it all last night. Thx for a funny, personal memoir.
it is said: life is a journey, not a guided tour.
Overheard in the library last night - 1L to 1L: "So why are we using CALI in Virginia"?
Thanks for the follow Great to learn about you from www.lauragainor.com.
supposedly, blip.fm plans to source high quality mp3 content from grooveshark.com.. hope so.. they say they're working on it!
. says the game is evolving and getting safer, but will never be completely safe
Do you listen to music when getting ready in the morning? What's your favorite tune while you polish your pearly whites?
I love you and you're head is on straight, just don't let yourself get the best of you.
Parent speaking from CL19 also supports FLES!! YES!!
Great natural lighting in the yoga photos!
Dang you ! That's my third purchase this month! My checkbook is going to kill me!
I was laid off and need a job! Anyone know companies hiring in the Frederick/Hagertown area of Maryland??
Just dropped parents off at the airport. Me and my little brother have the whole house to ourselves.
The guy who just delivered our pizza recognized me and knew UFB...WTF??!! Haha
Derby Day! May 2012 save the date!
If you seek to defend yourself against an illegal home invasion by anyone, police or criminal, you should NOT be held accountable!
HOW BOUT THEM LAKER FAKERS!!!! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL WHERE YOU AT??????
When did you start running and what about running makes you like it so much???
i know, Sue. By the time police got there, the crowd had scattered. that's why no arrests.
damn still in the holy Moses Hole. Does Frank wanna move there yet?
I'm obsessed with all 4 of them. Lol
Jobs market seems to be picking up.
#YouKnowDamnWell how I feel :-)
So many creeps on the LA news attacking girls..with the variety of weapons I own I'd LOVE one of those skeezes to try me. News makes me mad.
Call me and when I pick up you hang up -__- Okay then...
Anthony Zoccholilo is on "Mama's Boys" on TLC and our air tonight at 5pm, 7pm reality television hero, san diego bum
My mom just told me that when i was little this lady.named Mrs. Shirley kept me. This girl named Kelly had took this boys toy that i liked
we had to do that once too. This one is ya books, snacks and just for fun.
We will be open until 10pm tonight, but don't be afraid to call in large party orders, which we will deliver until 11. Happy New Year!!!
want to meet one of Baltimore's future tech leaders? get to know -- he is an up and coming rock star!
Happy birthday!
Awwe , 's sister looks cute ^_^
Yes! Also @ RT : We can't forget RT #FF Sharpies
being a tuna and listening to the Smashing Pumpkins ~
Love you.. Follow Someday.
We're open! Come on down to the Market. 1 Park Blvd Downtown SD 9am-6pm
Keep it up Lucas, and you might be getting the game ball
Nothing against Walmart mind you, but the thought buying groceries one aisle over from the underwear dept. I find a bit disturbing :/
Cinecraft is looking for Account Manager, Project Manager, Bookkeeper, and an Instructional Designer! Email me if you know someone!
***turns on equipment*** {electric buzz sound}.... [logs off twitter]
lmao my brother weighs MORE than me and leo put together....
Legit value. Though I'd be open to offers if someone wants to get stupid for him.
I think I'm going to pick up a Fruit & Maple Oatmeal this morning from McD's and a Premium Roast Coffee to get my day started off right!
Lol! Oh yeah, That would be awesome! :D (Lol I wasn't thinking of anything..I was confused for a second there.) Sorry about..
Wow RT : Since Monday, Josh Hamilton has same number of HR as Padres, Royals, Astros, Giants, Tigers & Rockies COMBINED
Scene one: girls head gets chomped off Scene two: they cook the baby over a slow fire
Interim Dir. Steve Shaffer of Uncle Remus: Importance is money, and money is important.
Sometimes I love driving like a bat outta hell
Grandmother dancing with her 10 year old grand son.pre- Teen troupe in full greek dance regalia, yummy food.
LB () "Mobile for us is critical. The fan that uses a mobile device comes three times more often than our web user."
yeah me too haha. it would save money I think
hopefully to let them stanks breathe.
That dress is fierce guuuurl!
On the road! Iowa here we come!! Missing my girl,
go go
wow, really? crazy vegetation rules-who knew?!
Birds and cats living together in harmony! Check out Constance Guisset's Duplex habitats ! Love the design & concept of unity
in hollywood they would pay you a thousand dollars for your kiss but 50 cent for your soul ....
You better not miss another...
WOW I would have loved to be a fly on the wall! Tell your girls I miss them!
RT : 'The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong" - Mahatma Gandhi
Hot Chocolate!
I am a good person. I help out my neighbors,friends & family. Some people take a advantage of good people.
Happy #FF (back home in San Diego edition)! , , , ---> Have a wonderful weekend!
Random trips to Joe's with #Spontaneity at its best.
Shopshop.com adds feminine elegance in all of the bridesmaid dresses in stock
too bad my phone doesn't support oovoo :-(
Oops, I almost forgot.
I'm trying to remember why I loved you so much...because now, I'm at a loss where that's concerned. SMH
I'd be disappointed if it was.
Norton--can't just scan must add value: name finding. BHL
I have lost my appetite
Happy Mothers Day Momma <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> I love you so much!
Time for Batman! *does the batman voice*
'history of the other side' hahahaha.
I don't want to get out of bed.
Yet another reason to work RT : Confirmed. Chipotle in Canton's Can Company will open March 15th.
Why? Why? Why? Why? : Sam Dalembert's 2-year deal w/ Houston pays $7M in '11-12, w/ team option for $7M in '12-13
Say Swag one more time -______-
they had french accents! why can't we?!
Please no. Please make it stop. Somehow.
I'll be there! RT : So excited to attend #IHOW with our rising star on November 2!
It is going to be a strange night personally ... first Tuesday night I don't gig since July + election night. Hope to play on Recall night.
Passive attribution tagged on at the end of a sentence should be made obsolete, said I.
no way?!? ;-) girl if you have to stay the night give a ring so i can be the bodyguard and you Whitney Houston! ;-)
Just sent the invite for the Halloween 80's themed Cardio Thai Box class! Get your spandex and headbands ready!
i know the feeling...
aww i do have some fond feelings for earthlink. that was my dad's ISP for many years.
what's louis my killa?
Does your business need more referrals?
"ugh keep talking... I'm fingering myself to your voice" as long as you're into it ... dudes from vagina and has a vagina
Open calls at #Emerge start in 30min! See you then!
u play soccer?? Lol I didn't know tht :) well GOOd LuCK :)))
What the fuck? I didn't know Gabby had a twitter! Hack by Giovanni her lover haha Love you Nigga Lips
Appellate Case 2.: The sheriff definitely overstepped his boundaries. He should be monitoring the inmates, not harassing them
That does sound like a good time!
How are you enjoying your Sunday? Do you work, spend time with family? We want to know!
I know it's Friday and it's very special to so many of you -- but for me -- everyday feels like a Friday..BUT..I work seven days a week..LOL
RT Got my mom a kindle fire(:
This Song is Griz' - Mortal Wombat - Sounds About Right - #wobble - hashtagthis - Sand Chtune - Empirically Speaking - Gri(m)z
your not alone I'm here just Rt-ing you :)
hey guys! Wherever u r, tune into the tony & kris morning show.I may be featured on there for my #NICKELBRA for Wow Wednesday! :
time for some Dashboard training with
When tragedy befalls you, don't let it drag you down. Love can cure your problems. You're so lucky I'm around
RT : I love the world RT : BTW: The director of the D.C. Dept. of Health was, for a few years, a guy named Dr. Vigilance
let's give them something to talk about
lets go
Make your product easier to buy than your competitors, or you'll find your customers buying from them, not you.
Headline glosses over reality that OLA seems to, despite its best efforts otherwise at times, still have broad support in all communities.
Well just got kicked out of the library
We are three weeks into January! What New Year's Resolutions did you make? Have you stuck with it?
If you see me smiling while walking on campus, rest assured that I'm in full roast-mode in my head.
Dance Is The Answer kicks off 4/15! Free and discounted events in the DC Metro area. Check it out. www.danceistheanswer.org
#EdCampME is just 2 weeks away! Are you ready?
Fox Providence and Rhode Show interviews then DJing tonight. Crazy day!
ok I will
can I get a follow
Yep--it just kicked me out and won't let me back in...
What a Jolt! Did you feel that!
“: Blocked. And yes, I forward all stuff like this to the authorities... Always progressive males. ..." U should. No excuse.
Ya'll "knights in shining armour" can keep rushing to the rescue of those basic chicks. You'll forever be a prince, aching to be a king
When U grow up err body tells U that U want 2 B the Boss (U know the 1n Control) U figure that means U get 2 do what ever U want 2 Do
cost effective IT <> effective IT
#wine fact: Yeast consumes the sugars in the grapes and converts them into alcohol.
Ah 90 dollars at the gas pump!
National Aviation Academy was featured this morning on News Channel 8 WFLA. Thanks Leigh Spann for a great story on careers in aviation.
Yep, can't turn down free cookies!
Our Newark office is open today from 8-5. No appt needed for glasses. 315.331.5721. Hope to see you there
I ride around I get it
The Movie Sense officially gives #MidnightInParis the Red Belt Status! To see the Sensei's rating system, click here: twitpic.com/4g2t8k
Cameron got his school pics back today.... They're so cute! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RT : Some great #SESNY blog posts this year from ”
I know! It stinks! I think you should move your panel to Tues!!
also just realized I bet that bird tells her when it has to go to the bathroom
We have season seats 3rd row 1st balcony. Gave up ballet & symphony for show series. Enjoying very much.
Nice set for Sunday! Looking forward to it!
I didn't like the way the world looked this morning so I changed my perspective
Look! There's a rhythmic ceremonial ritual going on!
Christian schools should be mission outposts training students to reflect the glory of Christ, not strongholds in which to hide.
is she still talking?
Making out with me doesn't give you the right to tell me about your video game
I actually want to go to school tomorrow. Excited to hear everyone's prom stories!
One girl had me thinking crazy,looking at me like she wanted to rape me
what are you studying?
I never did anything by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident; they came by work. -Thomas A. Edison
The lapdance you get when someone walks by at the movies
UK SUCKS BUT T JONES KEPT HIS WORD!! BOUGHT UOFL CHEERLEADER FLOWERS HE FLATTENED......
Just went to the most INTENSE puppet show. Kids were booing & cheering like it was a wrestling match. And I'll admit, I shed a few tears.
Wow, sounds like a great trip. Learn anything that would make a good story topic?
I keep looking at my calender hoping it will motivate me to want to go to school and finish strong but...its not working lol.
Would like to say Thank you to all of our new and current followers! Thank you!
what u doing in my world de twitter?
First F-bomb of the conference. In regard to ebooks.
at #yelphelps ! Having a poptastic time passing out snacks to the yelpers!
I got it back.
Hooray! We got some of the rain we needed!!!! Free massage for Mother Nature!
What can I say?
that sounds delicious
Great #KYACAC2012 conference this week in Northern Kentucky. Good people and good information.
cool! that's great!
Wild, crazy, awesome novel that doesn't get read enough: Michelle Cliff's No Telephone to Heaven
Westboro Baptist Church, the driving voice of the
What are you doing in New York?
I know I even remember how your rude ass ain't give a fuck n bounce from the post if they was late dfl
I agree. I'm pretty sure they just listen to whatever there leaders tell them. Not much independent thinking going on over there
Goldmans closed down!
pics are on the way
Awh you know me so well ;D
Double sexual thriller movie night. Sex, Lies and Videotape followed by Mulholland Drive. Why not???
MN bound... Excited to be reunited with and
I hit you arm when mom squished she pushed my arms not everything is my fault emily. And you started it so you knew how it was gonna end.
Dang! Great last minute hustle and opportunity!
Proud of you
The Wanted Emcees first release in a decade. Check out "Wanted the Illist" Official release date April 10, 2012 on I-Tunes, Amazon, CD Baby
Report concludes WingNuts boat was unfit for race in which 2 people died - Detroit Free Press
happy mothers day<3
The only person you can count on never letting you down is yourself and Jesus <3
CIRQUE DU SOLEIL® TO PRESENT EXCLUSIVE ONE-TIME-ONLY PERFORMANCE AT THE 84TH ACADEMY AWARDS®
or try Macy's
I'm great just enjoying my off day and waiting on Rooms 2 Go to finish bringing in my living room furniture.
Your talk at St. Christopher's was beyond inspirational. Thanks for your leadership!
Hmm..imagine that. I'm running today too..and tomorrow haha
Attacking my "To-Do" list.
no but have you ever tried ihop
Good morning! And thank you :-)
I will wake up in 8 hours and start all over, went on a date with an ex agent, and did the most, not a good look..
Q: Why’d the chicken cross the road? A: If it was for anything less than a 55-gallon-drum-sized Slurpee drink, we doubt it was worth it.
my sister keep sayin teach her how to clap her booty...she tryna be way too turnt up for tonite :):) we in thr
Really like #ThinkLikeAMan. Now I definitely want to buy the book.
So much for the Yates tourny. Looking forward 2 the Vype tourny @ Legends next week. We finished 2nd last year. Time 2 try & finish the job.
wtf! #RIP WHITNEY HOUSTON
not wanting to lose what you have. but thinking if different could be better
The Silk Tie likes Robert! Vegas Bob, thats a pretty rad name. thesilktie.com
true dat. I just threw away the box for my 3-yr old iMac last week.
HI EVERYONEHOW ARE YOU DOING TONIGHT?
« I wish i could have a saline IV at night to start me off hydrated in the morning. #waterbed»
In FIVE MINUTES we're giving away a Nuclear Dawn code -- want it? Just Tweet at us and #ff RIGHT NOW
SO excited to work with such a great group of brilliant and talented ladies:)
It's the thought that counts. :) RT : yes no kidding, only me can do these mistake right.
Yay! Love it. And you.
team LA lets go
Vitamin String Quartet is definitely a go-to for me - my listening genre has almost gone completely string because of them
yes sir, made them all!
thanks for the shout out! have a great one.
Bravo Leo for putting it out there for us!
Just talked to Lillian on the phone. I love her.
Obvious next question: What is your favorite curse word?
who do I need to talk to in your organization to work with you?
:) Too true RT : When having a "continental" breakfast, I really wish they'd let me choose which continent...
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. -Helen Keller
i'm so sick of you
done and done!
Good Luck today going after 16th Straight win!!
On set with This skit is going to be awesome!
UH Softball game on saturday!! or so i hope..
The two girls next to me are actually passing notes and afraid to do it. What are we five ?
Thanks for the blurb in this months newsletter. We're two weeks away from Beta release of new site!
uh I miss you. I have off tomorrow. Let's do awesome stuff?
:< to you. Heres to hoping we feel better in the morning.
I'd take Neutral Milk Hotel's "In an Airplane over the Sea."
on the way to work. Today's gonna be a good day
yes, he's very lucky! She crocheted him a blanket, too. He loves it.
Oh yeah the fray sucks.
Everyone fits 1 or both profiles:You either ARE a creative pro or UTILIZE WORK from creative pros to do bus. or life. The market needs both.
I need a
ahh what am i reading right now!!!! #SOGOOD i wish it was a real book...
hahahahaha! i love you guys! can't wait for this summer! ;) PARTY AT DA REBZ HIZZLE
Love you...hope you're having a great evening
great will look for it!
wish i had more cream cheese for my bagel.
I think Scratching has enabled a blending of cultures w/ 1 goal: creating new music
Glad to be included with such a great group of followers!
#Nats Harper takes body pitch with comportment and makes Phillies pay by stealing home. That's #NATITUDE!
Shout outs to working on this track with
your always speaking my language
There must be a special place in heaven for guys who go to strip clubs at 1 in the afternoon
be married to one person is hard enough
just want to get on calendar...my schedule is insane!!!
And that's all you're getting from me today, Twitter. I'm home sick and going back to bed.
well gud luck with that!
Bienvenidos a Miami... and the US of A! Time to start flushing TP down the toilet again
All generalizations are bad. - R.H. Grenier
Agreed, very odd, especially with 140,00+ followers!
To hot to be in the heat I go to u 702-882-6007
Avon spent about $93.3 million in '11 on an internal investigation of possible FCPA violations, on top of $95 in '10 & $59 million in '09.
ah stop telling me these stuff cuz then I wanna no...
He's paid to say the things he does, nothing more than a professional troll.
What a gutsy play call by Jim Harbaugh! Saints-32 49ers-36
Happy National Find Out How Goddamned Nerdy Your Friends Really Are Day!
Jennifer Wilson: You will never create a community, you can only empower a community
thanks Jeff and look forward to catching up soon !
forever alone
I think its safe to say.. there will be no softball scrimmage today at olbrich park..
haha sorry. thank you! :)
Hungry and sleepy.
Shout out? I'll return(:
aint nothing same old same old
Enjoying the Member Appreciation Breakfast
Blake Griffin is a "G" on these Kia commercials.
Leaking pipe in Zimmerman Library's basement left some water damage - no collections were harmed. Sorry for the noise and inconvenience!
wasssup? follow me back please :)
Oh, also, what gives with your ancient-ass ordering system? Print out the form and send a check?
So many people keep walking into the same wall when their pets are ill.Pills, shots, surgery. Understand the food/diet connection & fix it.
u are still a stalker 0_0
just wear fro, and save singing for later x
Last day of C2e2. Kids 12 under free! Come on down!
lol see what I mean, y'all keep me laughing, which I enjoy ;)
why yes, yes it would ;)
This is chaz I don't know where fayth went! I can't find her!!!
have you met yet?
It has been my pleasure!
RT : "The miracle God is doing IN you, is far greater than any miracle you can see around you." -
you know you love the shameless pursuit. I imagine that pillow was a little less verbal than I tend to me.
Save me a piece of that swag!!
broken glass enemas are more fun than the cena kane main event match at elimination chamber.
Chad Chritton faces new charges / counts as well
Hahah. Alright. GLAY. I'm going so oldschool with them omg. xDDDD
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro. About to drive to Vegas.
I opened and finished a book at one point and she chatty Cathy'd right thru it...
Try Lynda.com
Love #finecraft posts of Great way to learn
iLove The & Jimmy Fallon #Someday Commercial <3
Now that august rush is trending I just wanted to say the art of getting by is also a fav of mine!!
I guess il sit here all day then, no one wants to do shit with me an won't text back
I have a great job. How much do you love yours? :-)
Terrific audition Grayson.
I'm ok, but my life kind of flashed before my eyes. Can't believe I only lost some paint. Volvo: 1 - Cougar: 0
I have our TW scene ready for you but don't know your contact info. DM it to me?
Thanks for the props!
mu = no class
The Ironbound is a ____________ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large == >> Fill in the blank!
ha yes, forgot to ask/warn you about your server robustness for after the announcement :)
Dutch bros <3
There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness
we need more people to watch though
haha awww. well i hope they say yes!(:
you are the sexiest woman alive !!!!!!!!!!!
but your tripping ova something that isn't even true!
Annual Heath Ceramics Bazaar Sun.19th. Featuring Heath, Coyuchi Bedding, Erica Tanov, + a jewelry collaboration btn myself + Heath. 10-6pm.
follow and please :D x17
Happy Mother's Day.
lets not bring github down right as I'm trying to push
Painter can't even make a simple crossing pattern pass. Seriously!!!
we are downloading pics as well. Dm me your email, please send some my way
Citadel students dating feminists? Yeah, that'll happen.
This entire nation is one ski mask and a dufflebag away from making the economy equal again.
o I'll definitely try both of those. I'm here till Wednesday
We are all little kids at heart! RT Having (way) too much fun typing "let it snow" into Google. It just doesn't get old.
June 8 needs to come already so that sophomore year will be officially over
Yes. Very.
Josh Hartnett. Whatever happened to that guy?
You know. A little here. A little there.
you know it
STILL love "Dizzy Up the Girl" by - one my favorite and overplayed CDs from my teenage years :D
Roman Hamrlik's first goal since February 13 comes at the right time.
o, just noticed that added label nesting.
Let's Go COTTO !!!
HoosierTrack is excited to announce a whole new world of broadcasting Indiana high school sports!
hey hey I bought the sweatshirt last month!
Thanks, Olivier! Glad you enjoyed the study. Hope all's well at Le Pan Quotidien.
Todaays Gonna Be A Bad Day , -,-
sweet tea + vodka... Bad idea.
If we value equity, why is it a discretionary budget item?
yea dawg good beats but i ain bout to start payin for beats mane
This is where individuals valuable conversation abilities come in to play
MAD MEN 5.06 'Far Away Places' - Crave Online
everyone follow ----->
Traffic light at 13th & New York NW has been out for upwards of two hours -- you guys know about this?
i really hate the fact that most people have an "i don't give a fuck" mood / attitude
Good morning world! Its mostly beautiful & full of possibilities and examples. Be an inspirational one! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
haha yea :P lol and well what's up :P lol ?
I see you ! Repping the BBN!
Have to do some last minute shopping, not really feeling up to it. And where is Pudge????
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly. - Samuel Butler
order by noon today and get a free organic cookie in your delivery tomorrow!
I can't take him home so I gave him to Frenchie
isn't there a law against not re-capping? You're a rebel, man. I like it, I like it. ;)
Hey you!
RT RT: MODELS! is hitting the MAINSTREAM now -- we're doing a full TOUR & the models will be shooting w/ ! :)
It's not the end, he's been reincarnated as a tricycle.
A few of us met with faculty members at Rutgers Newark about a March 21st event being planned involving OWS and Occupy Newark.
3 little birds sat on my window, & they told me i don't need 2 worry... I literally woke up to 2 finches & a humming bird. Oh happy day! : D
Coffee, the Black Keys, and UK basketball.Life is good.
did your tummy hurt lol?
#BlueRock's upgrading our #Post Suites! Not sure if #FinacutX will be a part of that. What are your thoughts on the new "upgrade?"
Thanks for the card. Happy Holidays to you too!
Well, them too haha. Section 137 was a hot mess that night
What the?!
Whole paper/discush to be had re: conference space logistics. I'm often stuck on periphery due to power outlets.
So Reuben, you're saying a non-skilled person with a power tool is dangerous, yet you want to blame the power...
I said a click cluck the clicky the cluck to the click click buck you dont stop the rock it to the buck buck clucky say up jumped the bocky
Get them some lemonade
YOLO,<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> You Only Live Once....
cuz I still got to go to BMB graduation
"a friend with weed is a friend indeed, but a friend with gold is a friend I'm told".
That's funny I was just thinking how funny I am too! :P #GladYoureHere!
Test tweet! (Thanks for understanding, we're connecting our webpage, email, twitter, and so on and so forth)
Join us tonight and bring your dancing shoes. The 19th St Band are starting at 9P.M. Come on down and let your hair down!
2nd egg in #ospreycam nest now! 3 days after the first. Portland Audubon says there could still be two more eggs to come.
Grover Norquist talks taxes tonight LIVE on FOX 9 @ 9..
My eyes are so so tired.
i aint even finna lie both the kings games ive been to this year the kings was going ape shit and got the win!
I am so inspired. I can feel this seeping into my dance already.
This book does something to me.
u should have came to the project Spurs live show bro
couldn't u have like pushed Andretti for the win!???
Street Trash rocks!
then get off twitter off
Thanks for the mention!
GOODNIGHT TWIT TWIZZATS
i am talking about chest hair...: .
Mwahaha. My dastardly plan comes to… um, I mean, you're going to love it! (We'll definitely love having you there.)
I don't go on Twitter sometimes on purpose so that you guys think I have a productive real life.
Thanks both of you. I am very happy for him he gets to run it anyway he wants too. :)
Tryna be at RU fashion show feb.11
The has acquired about 35 boxes of 18th-20th century city directories from New York City, need a bit of repair
2 hours left
thx...I have the bye this wk. playoffs for me are 15 & 16. Still like celek? I'm gonna see how they do this wkd.
#ugh so sneezie
RT : SPEAKING IN ALL CAPS TODAY IN HONOR OF BILLY MAYS
Blue Velvet??? Cannot wait!
Free cone night at Ben & Jerry's
Can I get you to try once more? I used an html override, and it looks good on this end... Thanks, and whew!
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Oh goodness..Mr. Wonderful is about to eat
Good news of the day for Westsiders - Whole Foods to open on Detroit Rd. in Rocky River in 2014.
Steven do you have framed pics of yourself in your house??? LORL! Good!!!! Gives that dang mirror a break. LOL!!! Poor mirror!
Shame on barbara Walters! Mimi Alford def needs to tell her story. The truth is never backseat to lies. Walters is the new puff or queen
Let's go yankees!!
your're in nyc???
thanks, thought so. #sqlrally made me realize ppl didn't know what talk was about
He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away.
The Predators answer the score with a touchdown pass from Leak to WR Nate Forse. Game is tied 14-14.
yes sir thanks bro
Hate working on such nice days
Monday!A lot of stuff to do this week!Kinko's and coffee
Hahah Tell Him I Said His Name Is Arby's
I didn't figure I had anything worth saying :P
Oh, and I don't like country.
Unfortunately have to take off in a few minutes. Have a noon flight. Chance you're close by?
Rtweet #ike OK, serious Hurricane time. It's starting to come in now. We're feeling the wind here, for real.
Just submitted seven VO auditions
Alright --done!
Anyone want to see the Pros and Cons trailer this week?
how can you sleep at night
Oh ok, downloading now. And I'm usually so on top of these things.
great article!
Just got off work...bored hmu
FIRE ALL HITTING COACHES RT New hitting coach apparently makes all the difference. Albert finally hits No. 2
Slice of Ice in Red Arrow Park will be closed due to warm weather today and tomorrow (March 6 & 7).
The world is designed like you are there is always more to explore...
I know, right? #rotate then record ;-)
Just now wakin up
Tryin to be like wit my tweets... Dis nigga get all da tweet booty
hey alana whoever the hell the who you are. My consumption hasn't changed. #OilPrices have doubled.
Captain D's though...
hope you found em...
I wanna go out of town
JERMAINE!!! Love him!
I need some bday plans
Job interview at Old Navy tomorrow! :)
The John Carpenter version is creepy too
I am wearing the party cardigan. The pardigan.
You were!? How cool. How about a *Twitter High Five* for a prize? I give pretty sweet ones. Fist bumps, too! :)
I've neglected my #definethis account (because I've been writing whole paragraphs rather than 140 characters), and now I can't even log in.
Hey, Eric You seem to be a very deep man who get it and that what real. I hear u. Happy Friday!
Ambition is the cure for boredom.
Don't miss Pi Chi Week 2011! Starts this MONDAY!! :)
no doubt. I don't think he has a chance against jones
Spring break is over..
The real work starts once someone leaves the safety of treatment.
A friend asked if I wanted to buy a $30 standing ticket for the TV Awards. Said I didnt think there was anyone I could stand to watch.
As it should be.
Do you ever forget where your phone is, panic then look down in your other hand and see it? I have on more than 1 occasion!!
Did I mention I squeezed few trash bags too looking for it #honestly oh boy! #lost and found wedding ring
- I'm sure your Mom is great and all the things you say. My mom is as well. But she didn't get to choose. She HAD to work, too.
:') love you too<3
highly doubt they'll reshoot but hey w/e lol that's mainstream music 4 you!
Latest fad: wear u of central Florida gear, UCF to UFC EVENTS.
Hours 5 - 9 "blunts.bugs.arkansas.GREENBOUGH ALABAMA.blunts"
Teeth whitening is a great gift for a friend, spouse, employee or as contest winner prize. Call us today about gift certificates!
That's sad but so true
Yo chick, she so thirsty.
North Korea launching a rocket? Fail
yeah:/but I'm just hoping I get 'em tomorrow.
Jaleel, I think I want to marry you!!
So I been so busy today I couldn't tweet but after this I will have a series of tweets outlining today events
Im afraid to look at my phone when people text me. Feel like im going to be #dissapointed Usually am
ABC's new programming looks fucking terrible.
Tonight at ! at 7pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
All is well my dear. i missed you...
Publilius SyrusA leader is a dealer in hope
Listening to the new DJ Shadow. Thanks for the heads up
After going to bed at 11pm the last few nights, finally feeling much more myself tonight.
lol you look excatly like her. You know how to walk in heels.
Serenity Now
#mixmusiclounge tomorrow night come get funkky
1-5. I'd love to but tix are just too expensive for my budget. Admirals and Brewers tix = no prob.
Falling in love is so hard on the knees. ~ Aerosmith
“: Rep. Becker shuffles #civilunions bill to the back of the bus. Instead of being heard 5th, it will now be ninth. #coleg”
Players will be at Dougherty's Dugout, Offutt AFB, from 5-6pm to show their appreciation of our Military! Will sign autographs n take pics!
“: Happy cday to my brother ”
We are honored to be there! What you're doing is so important! Glad we can help support you!
2night-->SAGA 4TH OF JULY WEEKEND STARTS NOW!!! RED* WHITE* BLUE 18+ WELCOME 2 PARTY 21+ LET'S GET WASTED! ladies free until 11:15pm
There's a place in CV that recycles paint then reuse for graffiti removal. I'll think of the name and get back to you.
The role of money (in politics) has grown and grown and grown and the quality of discourse has gone down and down and down. ~
WebMobi HTML5 Based Pre-build Application Templates for Forms, Surveys, Landing … - Jay Williams - Social & Web Strategist...
Love it. In DC's sea of Spanish influence, this place stands out... RT I'm told ate at Estadio over the holiday weekend.
Plus, do they want him to create new characters in that universe just to have them talk shop? That's stupid.
Just heard gas is supposed to jump! Hurry and get it! 3.98 in Grant.
Thanks for the follow. ;)
So excited to be traveling this summer!!!
Hope your week is going well Martin! :-)
Workers have never claimed such a paltry share of real national income growth.
; i simply asked why you ride the bus. your response was, "cock".
Thanks to for RT (and her many pithy observations)
I JUST DIED WHO WOULD CALL LUCAS GAY!! omg they deserve a beating! He is not gay he's A amazing dancer their jelly! <3
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Indeed: Sitting on a saddle, waiting for the bus to move....
Slab serif is the new Helvetica.
Emails that make me happy: " is now following you"
Sorry been quiet lately :). Lots of work ! Lemme know how you doin'
I don't mind that too much if it's to get a person into a process like a zendesk. Much better than no response.
RT Girls want to look perfect for a bunch of guys, but a woman only wants to look beautiful for one man.
WAHOOOOOO!! Thank you! RT : Just got my tix to see and this summer!
How 'bout dem Cowboys? Winning ugly, but winning. 9 field goals + a 1-yard touchdown... are you ready for some Snooze Ball?!
no soy gorgeous :p
patience young one.
I keep saying that I'm going to just listen to the Makropulos Case overture ONE more time before listening to the rest…
you rock!!!! thanks for sharing :D make sure you check out my youtube channel and subscribe working on an original ;))
everyone needs that one good best friend im blessed to have mine <3
Southwest is insane right now....
do you suck at being a person that much?
miss you too! Since you're up early does that mean you'll be around for a phone date this afternoon?!
Our healthcare system isn't broken; it gets exactly what it incentives.
Double Spark+O2 Gold+UCAN+BetaAlanine Supreme = Gopher Beating!!!
Good choice :) Corona is a popular answer that we've been getting!
Documentaries might work but I can't put "I have encyclopedic knowledge of WWII" on my resume. ;)
are you guys interested in a great domain name? I am brokering 'MovingCompany.com Message me if you want more info
RT : Finally someone has put on the radio instead of stupid X.
He has never taken a shower...striclty bubble baths
cute face. U can work on the body
I'm watching the stand up one now. I'm too sober for this! Hahaa
What a way to wake up from a lil' nap: My mom calls me asks if she can move into son's bedroom when he leaves for college.
Honduras lucky to reach extra time... Down a man, but still level at 1...
Company golf outing today. better bring his A game.
Hey David how are you? Thanks for the follow and best to you.
Thank you so much Ruth! RT : I love your song! <33
i don't think i can wait another day for Florida..
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
you tell um DickieV!!!
Watch for flying bells through ya wall: Get fit with KETTLEBELLS! The moves to try: ow.ly/98Wgn
Whoa! Donald Driver can really dance! Good job, Peta!!
I just think that no matter how ugly you may be, if you can play an instrument or sing, you are DAMN sexy to me.
Happy Hour starts EARLY at Buddha-Bar DC! 4-7pm, $5 select sushi rolls & appetizers; fantastic prices on beer, wine and specialty cocktails!
MADONNA rocked it!!!
Thanks to everyone who was planning to come out to Blue Water Grill tonight! I'm so sorry the show is cancelled:(
Peace to each manly soul that sleepeth; Rest to each faithful eye that weepeth... ~Thomas Moore
Lakers win in a Late 4th quarter run.
items in Durant's backpack: protractor, scientific calculator, bike lock, fruit cup, and (soon) the Larry Obrien Trophy.
Not wrong at all. Just make sure there are no witnesses or video cameras. Lol Sometimes you need to set an example!
Twins are the cure for Joe Nathan's slump.
so you tell mee, are you ready to get back to where we left off...
Our staff is getting excited for the #MiniMarathon. So much training, so little time!
hahah true! I wish we still had Doug, but it's time for the offense to keep hitting the way they have been. Lol!
Very glad is on my team. What a mad genius!!!!!
So it's pretty much official. Pulitzer Prize winning poet Franz Wright is coming to ! March 15th. Get excited!
looked up crazy monuments without #solonely <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought ~ John Rawls
Stupid people are stupid.
Bout to go look at some cars. :D
"Other people and things can stop you temporarily... You<U+FFFD>re the only one who can do it permanently!" ~ Zig Ziglar
I will never ever pay money to use a Readability style tool. If needed I will create my own and give it away.
“: I got a #icebox where my heart use to be!!!” <U+26C4><U+26C4><U+26C4> coldworld
Learned something today about life... "Why the rush?" What are we rushing to? Think about it
thanks for following ^^
Who are you checking out?
Way to go ! So proud of you!
Good luck and have fun in todays #ShamrockShuffle !
mine isnt like that though, cuz its older, and havent updated it.. She probably just saw me type the passcode or something
maybe people care when your actions affect their life due to how shitty they are? Just a thought
I hope wakes up and turns on her phone so I can give her that wakeup call I was supposed to do an hour ago.
Come to the Dark Side, we have cupcakes.
super power would be the ability to take over people minds, then I could control some of the stupid Shit people say and do.
I haven't heard from u in years ... How have u been
74 degrees in DC today! Thanks for letting me know
I know lots who think you're pretty great all by yourself!! Count me in!! =D
it's at 11 big dawg :)
It's easy to imagine why Kalinda needs a drink here.
New docs don't have 20 years of politically incorrect notes. More open to sharing chart with patients.
Trying to write a speach for class
Red wine and Ambien, you're talking shit again.
Sold Out - Agent Orange, Jack Flash, El Nino, Skywalker, Fantastic 4
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies
Tweeting in school #LikeABoss (:
hate myself so much for making her life miserable D:
Doing some serious goofin' at the shop today. Come hang out if you're in the neighborhood. 1726 E. North Ave, Milwaukee.
mark your calender for the Saturday Sept 4th @ Ritz Ybor for the next Muay Thai classic fights - www.mkmfights.com
Girls are so dramatic
Polly tried to eat a dried earthworm the other day. Blech!
you should schedule a spreecast a couple days out and get people to RSVP. i bet you would have your biggest spreecast yet!
Okay so that text I just got really just hurt my feelings?
2011 Highlights- released inkBLOT into the world! Rated 49 out of 328 books in the YA Debut Novel 2011 at Goodreads.
If anyone ever wants to see Snakes on a Plane...don't. Horrible movie.
Andre Bauer makes me embarrassed to be a Republican.
Water st again? Idk about this
Oh, yeah, and, you're welcome?
How did your family go green this season?!
Seems like #Braun lawyers just breathed new life into his suspension story today
Please stop already. You're bragging about something that isn't even a big deal. Yes we all know you're such a badass
anything exciting happening today ?
Yay! Good job on the win!!
is not a Gremlin, but you throw water on her and shine a bright light in her eyes, she gets as scary as one. With <3, Gizmo :)
RETWEET! March from Civic Center to Balboa at 1pm!
wow..i tweeted it twice..
Unposter on research of online handicraft community and dealings with copyright infringement
Waiting to get nails done for 40 mins! Ah..lol
All strippers have a broken iPhone screen.
We have an impressive record.
Inspired-what a nite! Video 2mrw. Thx u all. "For the first time in history people feel like their opinions matter."
ok kodak
Crowdsourcing data entry is cool, but is not same as doing history - it's doing gruntwork of history. It's data entry.
Written on a desk at carnegie Mellon: "email sux" very transgressive!
my wife feels i don't know how to use twitter correctly. will you help me?
I just got a tattoo and my shoulder is killing me right now! :) sushi makes everything better.
#FF for a ton of great information on a variety of topics.
why? I just watch his tape, i dont know anything about his personality
We need to recognize that we are all publishers and media companies now.
BTW, that's awesome you get to teach a Global HST through Games class.
Can we design buildings w/ no ductwork, no controls & no high or low temperature sources?
Not your kind of people new album drops today! Buy it on iTunes!
<33 only the cute and best can admit to it ahaha, but do you have any plans??
i would not let me do my own homework. Point proven with last tweet
I have a review packet for biology and i really dont want to this shit.
I will buy your shot for an overdrive. Deal?
God's Words never return void. Neither do your prayers when you pray the Word of God and the will of God. - Mark Batterson
not chronic though :) have fun. lol
Need input on local issues since show is from Ft Myers this week. Send to . Does 500 mean more to Indy than Colts/Pacers
your looking at the real deal now
hey lady
“: Whenever I try 2 use my #Citi credit card abroad, Citi suspends it 4 suspected fraud. #UselessPlastic” Yep, happened w/HSBC 2
Just finished watching Wegan against Chelsea. Chelsea won 2:1. I thought, Wegan deserved a draw. Bad referees.
"They just pick our pockets," Buckley says to LM city council and urges them to stop HWD before they raise the rates
": Question is...can and WILL the Laker bigs continue to play with THIS kind of energy, urgency and effort. #Lakers"
I hear that!
Night out... only aloud one drink because of my diet... but ill try to have fun !
Dan Smith is one hell of an inspirational man.
what a goal. “: Ovechkin gives the #Caps a much-needed 3-2 win in overtime.”
Watch the Bucks beat the Magic
is confusing me rn.
Tryin not to be a use to be the nigga, Nigga
My dog laid down on the remote and locked my DVR. Thought I was going to go online & reset the password but managed to back out.
No changes to forecast for WI: 8-12"+ of snow, plus strong winds, to hinder travel Tues PM and Weds from SW to NE WI; travel not advised...
You know cableTV has jumped the shark when the new Karate Kid is on non-stop & the original is nowhere.
er.... "less than double your rate"
Gotta love the bartender that takes care of you. :)
Breakfast at waffle.house sounds real gud rite nw
you got it!
my students don't remember it,I had a parent even complain when I asked students why 911 happened. Went to my principal....
xD his face would be priceless ! #sick he has issues . -.-
There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally.
me too:( let's hang out!!
Awe I miss my cousins.
2,666 followers, something evil is gonna happen soon
i listened to #SaySomethin in like every class today (:
we'll see. Rose real rusty
The Voice is on...heck yes!
Student award celebration lasts into beginning of #SWC board mtg, causing tabling of #PLA agenda item. To be discussed @ future mtg.
Ah... Blue raspberry son cone induced puppy dreams. Is there a flavor for kitten dreams?
Jews Scalping Nazis + Brad Pitt + French Cinema owner girl = The antithesis of Amelie. Off to Del Amo Fashion Center / AMC for sanity + AC.
my nights have been good lately but the days are ok
Win a Vera Bradley purse, filled with cash... starting Monday on V100! More details at www.V100.fm. Join in the fun!
hope you have a great weekend Aly doodle :) Love you!!!
Lambeau , does it get any better
Relationships Start With "Can We Talk?" And End In "We Need To Talk"
WASN'T HE?! Jeez. Where was that accuracy when he was in Portland.
Got some more work to do but so tired
I wasn't talking or anything
Heard on the radio "Don't follow if you have kids" C'mon...Blake helps build character. Or is he a cautionary tale?
Currently brewing while watching Kindergarten Cop. I love my job.
dirty gutter rat that crawled outta the sewer she lives in.. bitch its natural beauty.. something you obviously lack
good. I'm going to start looking tonight. Here's hoping the dress fits!
Great day for a run!!
And this is exactly why I don't trust people.
I feel so incredibly blessed.
Damn. Damn. Damn. Man City with a unbelievable comeback all after the 90' minute. Good show boys.
Whats good New York, get at me...
I always attract the wrong people
Appreciate ya reppin out there for JTP!!!! god Bless ya homie Jo-Wayne
Was just reminded how much I love Like Water for Chocolate. I really do cook that way
he has a point though. :)
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage Fred Astaire's relationship with that coat rack in "Royal Wedding".
I feel so proud when I see 1D related things trending(: One Direction Stole Our Hearts #MORETHANTHIS <3
What's the verdict on the Muppet exhibit? Trying to decide if it's worth a trip down.
Wow... Awesome they didn't grab the expensive items, but lame that they got the books. Poor resale value, but expensive to buy!
Some people really just need to be hit in the face with a brick for some of the stuff they say
Periodontal disease is an #infection, and much like other infections can cause your blood sugar levels to rise
Almost 4 am. Can't sleep. It is so nice out tonight.
has a dent in her head....
love you sis. Like big, long, rock back and forth hug kinda love.
Learning about leading & inspiring change. Great speaker Thanks for reminding "empathy" and communicating long-term vision is key!
“A certain type of perfection can only be realized through a limitless accumulation of the imperfect.” <U+2015>Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore
Fisher: The mechanical romanticism of lyrical dance may account for its appeal to adolescents.
YOU are behind this corey? between yesterday and today, you got a LOT of lesbians who fit the description. KD lang photo = great!
cant talk
just going home. Its been such a long day b
web tweeps: what's the best hours web page you've seen? i.e. store hours, restaurant hours, library hours. does anyone do this well?
When thinking of data and discovery consider what insight will help authors and consumers connect.
Same size as Herne Bay then? Wow. That's small (I'm used to US Cities now). Looks very green though.
not going.. see you monday
RT toddbaginski: MSDN White Paper: Watched this guy build a YouTube like site in SharePoint.
is integrated with SoundCloud. Record audio and post from that app directly
"WELCOME TO MY LIFE. EVERYBODY, LEAVE ME ALONE. FUCK! GOODNIGHT." [Closes Door.] (My father, laughing, hilarious, drunk, the poet)
": and I'm younger than her lol!" Her younger sister that's even better
Overheard @ work: "I'm going to take a 10 minute nap" & the bathroom door closes. It's hard out there for a PR girl
We are the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, something something something.
yes! Of course.
good...because you need to get better and you need some sleep!
amazing stories #ftw :)
lol. Wife said the same thing. I was thinking tsx
Mi Pueblo is the shit and #themachine! needs to come to the Carolina's!
> everyone else :P
Join us tonight for #pubquiz at 8pm! Great questions, drinks and weekly prizes.
Hey Cuzieeee! I miss you! When are you coming to visit?
Preciate it RT : I got u chance :)
Not sure I've ever been sadder about a sports team than I am currently about the Knicks.
MPD spokesman Joel DeSpain: We've had thousands of people come down to address their government. They've done it in a very civil way.
Decided to try a Psychic down the street for advice. She said follow her on Twitter. Needless to say, I didn't leave a tip.
plzzzzzzz I'm begging on my knees plzzzzzz follow me
you were talking about the 2009 Mizuki installment
So excited to sleep in for Mothers Day. Which, to be exact, means I get to sleep til 7:30am.
what u been up to
U FEEL ME MICHAEL JORDAN WOULDN'T GO OUT LIKE LEBRON DID LASTNIGHT LOL
Tonight I will be assisting Convention Center --Supportingpeople of Landmark education who are making a difference. Cynthia Harris
that looks like an awesome show!
That is so small of them. At least now you sort out the real friends. Life is to short to waste time on fake people.
The beginning is always today. -Mary Wollstonecraft
The friend said most of the students are using Chrome.
Everyone had a great time and Eyal reports some awesome Gelato <U+0096> Highly recommended
Well I must have missed the first question.
will be at the ALA when Titus Andronicus is finally coming to town. DARN!
you got that right!
Enjoying Phil Vassar in concert at the park w ! Such a beautiful evening!
#HappyGroundhogDay to all our followers!
Wish there was some way for the ladies to hear the guys message tonight ... Good to hear the other perspective!
At the lake (:
can believe has been around for 5 YEARS and that I have been watching since day one! CRAZY, thanks guys! :)
Apologies in advance 4 rash of tweets. Attending first #SMCSAC meeting to learn all about Facebook Timeline for brands!
hello there fellow mahomie;) haha thanks for the follow <3
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is to get accepted into the #JET program and go to #Japan in August.
Unexpected perk - Adam made me my favorite sickie dish - soft boiled egg and torn-up buttered toast mixed up in a bowl.
Just had to go in and make some updates to a Joomla 1.0 site.
Guess WHAT i jus saw on the t.v. A little room filled with thousands of candles lol #candleswag..!!! Hahaha x)
She's official. Rt ": that's official!"
I cant believe i am saying this but i cant wait to go to school tomorrow:)
you're not the only one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We experience the world thru our bodies
Good lord i am going to have to drink a gallon of milk to get rid of this heartburn and acid reflex this kid is causing me.
no problem! If i was iin your situation, i would want someone to help me(:
Anything for cool people :)
sweaty dancings all night-Mary Anne Hobbs fucking delivered! GonjaSufi redeemed a short set by killing it w/ Lorn! thanks !
I'm the type of person who laughs at my own texts before i send them, because I'm that funny.
Its sunny over here my friend :)
Ladies and gentlemen, we now open at 10am on week days instead of 10:30. Let the celebration begin!
Snap! Really? In the Twittershpere or in real life?
because after all human rights/social justice's pillar = dignity
.. sitting in BOA lobby, minding my P's & Q's :)
watching live stream ......come on rockets :)
PYRO PRODUCTIONS: My Last Judgment, Ashes Of Angels, The Fall Of Catalina, The Seventh Cavalry & Casanova Sat April 17 @ The Spot, 6:30, $5
People on my tl cant spell .
I'm just a squirrel, tryna get a nut.... so what's up? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yeah, the scripps awards banquet is tonight
text me if you have my number I has a wuestion
haha yes I do I'm very into Hip Hop! (-:
Thanks, Darlene. No rush. I'm writing in the book today. WEW have been your 14,000th follower! Need that for my book! Eric
you were amazing! Great times were had by all. Doug is awesome btw. Love you! Xo
why would you tell your team to slow down?
thats wat up boo jjust fuck wit me wen u get bac we didnt even have no time to talk boo
Ian Stewart pinch-hit in the 7th, now making his 4th plate appearance of the night.
Finally getting around to watching Florence at Radio City Music Hall on 1.5 hrs, commercial free!!
What about "call me I have a question about homework" do you not fucking understand.
awesome! Thanks - yes I think a blog post is in order. Have a great weekend!
Woo hoo! That deserves some props :-)
Forget #Linsanity. This is
“: Ross has plan... Ross has a plan.. Ross has a plan.... #ifyoubuildittheywillcome” So did Custer
I think we will see more IMC, with significant partnership and overlap, #pr will not necessarily be a stand-alone function.
...phew...i knew i was, but i couldn't SAY anything. do you know how hard that is for me!!??
Nina I'm begging you. Please don't tweet about it! I don't want to hear about how great it is
was snowbound in Boston today and missed the summer programs fair, but we want to meet you! www.loopabroad.com
i followed :)
I need something to do ):
Are you Tweeting and driving again? Oprah would not like this!
Hehe I Think Im "Fallin In Like" Widd You
right now is downton abbey! :)
Continue to speak life into others and it will come right back to you.
Getting back mixes for the EP entitled "A Brighter Side." Get stoked! Get stoked!
We love our worship team, greeting team, media team, core team, and CG team! We really love you! Thank you for tonight!
Remembering this morning one of PMD's sermons, "you + God = the majority".
Tune into 91.7FM tonight to hear songs by and . Love to for helping spread the music!
I really can not wait for PATIO weather…
That moment when cereal goes down your shirt..
Subway! #FTW #ThanksMom (:
You mean the gross portapottys?
Really don't wanna go back to school. It's probably the most annoying place on the planet.
It's all about making a difference... what are YOU doing?
OPEN CALL: artists who work w video or installation to convey the physical movement of in/out/through as a motif for personal transition
Ok, let's start our discussion on twitter.
Hope you are doin well sweetie! Take care! Hope to see you guys soon!
Town car Designer Serious includes two tone interior trim, higher quality leather, and unique wheels
where can I hear something??
Kid cudi's lyrics >
You're an awesome.
I haz mental hospital-escapee bangs.
Derrick Williams is fearless!! Great draft pick!!
Welcome to Twitter Mr. Ayers! We look forward to reading your Tweets and staying in touch.
You should get an instagram!(:
I also didn't hate Green Lantern. Not my fave, but there's been way worse.
I have office space that u can rent for meetings, photography, scene work, etc. We are very affordable and we are centrally located in Hwood
Writing, but if you want to set me up wit a job at KEZI or wherever you're at, then I'll sign up today!
this week is going by too fast!
Nobody gives you power. You just take it.-
Ima need special treatment today- full body massage all that.
Sorry, Ben, not this time! I need to build up some time off unfortunately.
no we didn't :( we just stopped for the ice cream haha
Jet's pizza in the heart of Montgomery is officially
We have them all packed and will be shipping tomorrow. Just in time for the New Year!
Watching #contagion. This movie is slightly terrifying.
Marsha Kinder is here today talking about "Remixing DNA" (database narratives and archives)
but only like with one person?
Harry potter, hunger games, games of thrones, & stackhouse r ones I get asked about all the time
bored mitee get on tht #2k12 in a min
Lots of #gratitude to 'sPALS Happy
I'm sorry mama. I know how lonely that can feel. Big hugs to you.
Awesome Rachel! See you there. :)
proving once again it's more luck than skill ;-)
haha i watched a movie on hbo and flipped the race on after its almost over
I've had a BEYOND TERRIBLE stomach ache since the moment i woke up this morning. It hasn't gone away, and i feel like crap :(
that would be awesome. I almost hope he doesn't witn though if this Madden cover curse is real...
Glad you liked it!
feeling depressed... i have a feeling thats how im going to feel the rest of the weekend :(
Do it!! What kind??
You guys are amazing! Who's ready to see This Romantic Tragedy LIVE early 2012?!
Could I be Alli?
<<<Follow>>>> new updates of my journey of my future brand going worldwide!!
Come visit us Booth #6716! Find hand tools #MadeintheUSA for asphalt, concrete, masonry, carpet and tile!
More takeaways from day 1 of #usetda2011 than from whole other conferences. Awesome.
"This is for all the Tostitos" A fitting epilogue to a sterile, disjointed, kind of goofy game.
I'm sure you will!
oh ok.
Had a college classmate, blonde/blue, 1/4 Cherokee. We had tons of fun re: my brown/brown fractional Mohawk.
You can come as you are with all your broken pieces, all your shameful scars. The pain you hold in your heart, bring it all to jesus. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
It's your last night! Whatcha doing?
ah WOW that's awesome <U+263A><U+2764>
Who is going out Thursday night?
that's how it should be ;-)
Can ya dig it ? I knew thatcha could
I think I've finally reached the end of the Internet this am. Who knew?
think before you speak.it may not seem to be a big deal to you but you have no idea Khloe.none.
Getting inspired
Good question! Some psychographics are included in that report-buying habits, lifestyles, & interests. DM me for more info.
If you see the #Avengers tag it is probably a spoiler. Just so you know.
Exactamenté! Penis and Vagina. Not 2 of the same...
The Dodgers signed All-Star outfielder Andre Ethier to a one-year, $10.95 million contract, plus performance bonuses
Does anyone else find starting twitter hard or am i just blond:0
Okay, I'm done!
Write it as if it were a news story in your local paper. Sometimes reporters run press releases as stories w/few changes.
and Yes! I demand an index heading all my own: B-Cassiana? Cassidiana? Look forward to 2023 Scott rectification.
Awesome! Hope you guys had a great time. I should stop by your shop one of these days and say hey!
thank you ^.^
thanks. I did c u under museums, how can I get our major visiting exhibition under fresh brew. Would be a great addition.
they are already burnt
But enough so to make it sad... Just say'n
That's such a cute text! Congrats! :D
There's not a difference between a fan and a belieber, a belieber IS a Bieber fan, so. Stop saying fans do this and beliebers do that. No.
Happy mothers day of tweeting
I thought you said goodnight 10mins ago haha
oh, we'll maybe I'm drunk & got confused.. See I do have a bad memory
Happy Weekend everybody! ;-)
We are excited about our next year's Corps!!!! They have a tough act to follow because this year's Corps is simply amazing!!!!
also, Wha, no invite?!?
thanks for tweeting about the and our Pace Presents concert series! Spread the word!
on Tuesday I am -.-
Back from disney! :)
im gonna do my homework and cry and im not talking to him until i get the other side of my nose done
He's a legend!! RT : CAO Walt Ekard killing it at the dinner!
If you want to learn about the UWM Content Mgmt System, we have documents & tutorials in the Training Resources at www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
Finally in the venue. Second row. baby!
Thinking about taking a summer class hm
ok n wat time it start
yeah their not working tho.smh
On the west coast for vaca and signing off twitter for the next few hours. Can't risk having #PrettyLitteLiars spoiled for me.
It is cold.....24f
I know. Makes me want to do
Ain't that the truth Nerd!
What part of FL
Great to hear from you. Looking forward to talkn'
just glad they're both later in season this year. Not sure why at least one isn't Monday night. Nothing tops Ravens-Steelers.
If the world has ended, would you be around to have friends?
dirty dancing.
We've written 3 new songs that will be on the EP. As soon as we find a guitarist, temp or permanent, we track. -zach.
If you know someone looking for a new job, encourage them to learn a new thing.
I can not believe it is snowing! This is April, please bring back the sunshine!
I am not a has-been. I am a will be. ~Lauren Bacall
Diabetes Day, National Spanish
I sure can be!
What are you doing to support local businesses for #ValentinesDay? #Shoplocal, #shopsmall and help the local economy!
Loved it!
I would say St. Louis might be a better choice than Nashville.
since I can't facespace u anymore I'm gonna blow up your twatter. Ew. That sounded dirty. Anywhoooos. Come back meow.
Going to #ncvs ? Check out our panel on MICRO-VOLUNTEERING! How innovation can give your skills-based volunteering program a new kinda mojo.
go MJ style and go bald
u still at walmart
contemplating combating urban sprawl
loser, why'd you make a new account?
I never got to say this last night so here goes: CAPITALS BABY!
my abs right now you would leave your husband reporter: can we see them? Peace: NO
I Fuck with the draft caps
I have been looking for my copies, but i wasnt able to find them. Would i be able to find them online?
follow me!
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise! PC is here to help!
RT : Know that there are many possible outcomes for any condition, even for those that may seem impossible to overcome.
I will start by inviting all my nieces and nephews! I'm sure they will LIKE us :-)
Enjoyed the exhibit of Hans Haacke's work, which ties art to the social, economic and political
The Pittsburg Penguins are unstoppable. So dangerous!
A10: Know your worth, be confident, show your strengths. Flock together with fellow birds.
Optimizing the new site! Stay posted for updates!
The shot of that chocolate whipped cream in the Tim Hortons ad seems like it should be illegal
Our Studio is Located in the Heart of ATLANTA at 555 Whitehall Street! Stop by for tonight's Ballet Class at 5:45! All levels welcome!
Off to the #LATFOB! I'll be selling awesome books all day and accepting donations of foot massages, caffeine, and good conversation...
wait. which 6 flags is he gunna be at?
Hey bro, any idess on getting a car from Cali to Fla? Unless you want to fly out, watch the game & drive it? Lol!
I completely agree. It's just all wrong for a classic love singer. I'm not sure what crowd he's trying to impress.
it would be so awesome if they actually did it!!^.^
I sure am. Haha
Eat 1 of your biggest frogs today.
The market manipulators won't let the markets be down for long. They are already getting leverage and stopping the declines.
Words to live by. RT : This is not a competition
Half price drinks at Starbucks tomorrow! Woohoo!
Like if you ever wanna get dumped by me just buy me a box of raisins.
#np Dino Jr Several Shades of Why. Kinda different, I presume. RT downloaded '50 Shades of Grey' And
I need to note that this award annoc has the digitization grants. July '12 list will give a different sense of NEH funding.
It's a happy, haunted, rainy Halloween! Trick or tweet!
First performance in Ny tonight!
Getting very excited about tomorrow's Status of Boys luncheon. Great speaker, great people, great music.
Hey I'll play football if they need replacements. It might not be good but it would be entertainment! :)
Yes! I'm starting it right now!!
WILLIAM!!!! Duh... Of course, it's so obvious. Duh!!
Very cool! I eagerly await...
Forgot this was a baseball state. I've been reminded now. Congrats ul?!? I guess
Taking a look at the new Natural History Museum of Utah.
unbelievable movie. Hope to see it again tomorrow.
We #loveitwhen our work makes life better.
Come on up to entry C32 and I can get you a great deal on a t-shirt!!
I don't do nano, but I know those competing voices!
awe man, I gotta work tomorrow and then a bbq after. Maybe I'll stop home first to say hi. ;)
Adobe demos Open Source Media Framework - provides HTML5 controls for customizing caption display on the web
Just cycled 9 miles on the Veloway. Probably won't repeat.
I think I'm on my 60th cup of coffee this week.
boss just referred to justin beiber as "that drippy kid." ha.
Roommate arrives home from EuroJaunt carrying beer and sporting a neckbeard.
RT : For the record... I love my Mac! This thing rocks! // TVA is Mac powered too!!
Okay, so next season will be the last for 30 ROCK, PARKS, and COMMUNITY...I'm guessing next season will be THE OFFICE's last, too...
yeah right! I had English for middle lunch, and it was boss! You don't do shit the second part haha
great hanging with you too buddy! See you next time...
A Relationship
Colfax might be featured on PBS with interviews from the filmmakers!
Direct deposit er'thing..
Oh no! Sending get better wishes!
heads up is in Memphis :)
A small article about CLARA in Birta today. Guðmundur explains what CLARA is - Exciting!
I have a valentine <3
I can't help it :( I have no choice in the situation
iCarly is gone now too? Basically all the shows I grew up watching are cancelled
Chris and Laura of Amistad helped us navigate installing Archon over at our repository. Great people.
CVS says pharmacy benefits turnaround taking time
Wow... so bizarre.
OH: "I spent hundreds of dollars to walk around in a monsoon because I know these are the people that will quietly take over the world."
I must be popular now cause everybody seems to want to talk to me lol
but ill check it out 2moro : ) gn!
Baseball and malaria keep coming back.-Gene Mauch
No matter how much I bitch about my best friend, I still love her
I feel like no matter what I do I will never be morning person. #nightowl for life
no worries! The right date seems to be up there. Hopefully not one showed up lookin for ya! :)
Put down your leaf blower and pick up your rake. Your neighbors, not to mention your GP, will appreciate it.
I love him, just fear he has reached the end of his shelf life. Closers expire quickly as you know...
Spring ahead, get an early start to come in and view the Belden Stratford.
Close to your place?
Oh yeah... I've got my Besler jersey on. Love!
Omg Julie's tweet about us having a stelena dance moment soon and that we'll be rewarded for our patience, extreme fangirling omg.
I think the announcers are loosing their voices
RT : "Disruption innovation isn't easy, especially midstream" -- Now apply this to #journalism, or whatever you like...
We played like we wanted the W so much hard way has payed off.
Happy Friday.... Not too happy!
Can't wait to play ball this evening!!
Heading to Mpls. to clean residential windows.
My stress is stressing me out. Ugh.
A happy life consists in tranquillity of mind.
they make gluten free vegan pizza BTW
Why is no one up
RT and follow me if yew want me to follow yew!!!!!!!!!
My hair is so long :)
Leave Joe Pa Alone and let him rest in peace as he watches over Happy Valley from Mount Nittany
This is pretty much the opposite of a Republican victory. This is one side deciding that the country is more important than idiocy.
welcome to Philly!
I wish I had that feeling:)
Sorry, but...I'm watching the Voice and totally turned off by Christina's plastic boobs. They don't look right :(
#20ThingsAboutMe, I hate the thought of growing up, but I hate the thought of staying young forever even worse
Do u offer support 4 degree programs abroad?
I know it's gonna be cartoon gold just like every episode of #regularshow !!!
Haha! So am I! Lol! RT I'm inappropriate at the appropriate times :)
Skin Folk script reading taking place on Saturday! Updates to come!
dang that suks
Realizing this month is a month of changes not only for me and some of my loved ones, but for many people. The universe is shifting.
I think they were looking more at age 48 & 31 being the outer limits. 28 & 21 would be within the limits of apropriateness.
you're losing me
Day offs are the best!!!!
When you're waiting for something a week can feel like a year.
Hey !!! Yes, we are family! Hope you have a beautiful, blessed day!!! Happy weekend, let's connect soon :))
Looking for a real spiritual teacher? Check out www.centersoflight.org
Kudos to for the Ronaldo/Messi comparison in preparation for #ElClasico tomorrow.
Lmfao been there “: That awkward moment when you’re singing alone in your car and you make eye contact with a stranger.”
thanks :D
Kobe ain't getting no more rings
Just shot a new video...stand by...
I remember when Mass Effect 2 made me that happy.
GO KANSAS!Some of the Kentucky students and players do not understand CLASS! Setting fires....NOT COOL! Justifying it,is worse.
Wow - you should get one for your yard! I assume you'd have to pay a baggage weight penalty to the airline though.
Showing my Teeth instead of cussing ur arse out!
Damn that fight was kinda live
Hey , we have some new story ideas for y'all!
So, so excited about the future. Some amazing things are coming. 4.24
Pillner for Pawnee napkin? Nice West Wing reference,
December 1st it ships!!!!
yay! can't wait for #MIM!
yea I know. You need to make a trip to Lexington some time soon
I hate the way I feel like dying when I'm alone.
Off to the city for a private reading.
We do not sell information to 3rd party resources & have all measures in place to ensure confidentiality & direct access to the Best Rates.
Having a Hedricks cocktail in celebration. Couldn't be happier right now!
Bought a 14 dollar six pack. There better have been gold involved.
I just totes went on a bike ride on McCarran. I'm such a bad ass.
RT : Crowdsourcing mobile projects is a good solution for museums in a budget crunch.
Nice Job Game is going epic
That awesome moment when the manager of the Starbucks sees you pull up in the parking lot & by the time you walk in your drink is ready...
WARNING: THERE IS ANOTHER PREDATOR IN THE MESA AZ. AREA!!
#TeamCossom fanz I'm locked outta my page but I'll be back asap!!!
yeah you're older but I'm still gonna be a douche about it hahah
Not in a good mood and it's only 9:15. Good one.
I can't. To hear you on the D-list...not talking about the #brewers wearing the powder blue uniforms soon
#AGT Amazing as always! Love you guys! Can't wait to see next week, :) Know you will make it !
when was the last time you were in Houston?
Speaker Howell says VA General Assembly will likely return to Richmond to vote on Governor McDonnell's amendments week of May 7 or the next.
Fantasy Football question? Ask Chuck..go to facebook - Fantasy Football Now.
I want some sonic .
": Somewhere in Michigan #WinkyFace" Would I be able to work for Mr. Ty? :O
“: are you working I'm heading to si on the ferry ......” Im puerto rican. I don't work. I ain't shit.
is hating visio right now ...
A die-hard Duck, but no, not a Packers fan.
Just had a reality check...never doing that again.
30 years ago today..RIP
What horrible hold music.
well that's good. Now watch them ask me for tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I love it when apps I want go on sale. : )
Vacation almost over :/
As I reach for sleep
no but really
Book proposal is off to the History Press and the Pirates are winning 8-2 over the Dodgers. I'd have to say it was a good day...
At a marketing luncheon, did you know 96 of the top 100 advertisers run ads on
one day you wake up
oh. I'll pack...Thursday morning before school or wednesday night lol
im a very serious DWTS fan #Didn't YouKnow?
Celester, what a talented actor!!!!
Can't listen to without rockin out. Sorry other people on my train. At least I'm a good singer.
I'm not sure if you can have iMessage on your phone and your iPad...but it stinks that you can't!
Only a little over 2 wks til the #RHCP concert in #DC...been wanting to see them in concert since I was in the single digits.
It's hard to get excited about a movie named 'Carlos'
Wasn't what I had in my mind when I wanted to dream about him but... Hell it's !
have a safe trip.
Sorry I haven't been on as much guys. I have been super busy at school. I will be on a lot after the 23rd maybe .
Yea that one :) Url me.
that looks delicious!
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
lol what phase comes next? The Irish Spring?
2 awards in 45 minutes. Here we go again.
yes! David and I almost turned it off it was so freaky. That kid is nuts!
Im really worried bout my boyfriend hes hasnt answered my calls or text.! I need two know wuss qoinq on
Just got off.
It doesn't matter who, but everyone has a dark time in their life. I think that everyone has at least one thing from the past they want to b
We Cure Your PC or It's FREE!
Also, thanks to #BuffState for hosting such a great event- good "get" :). Such a treat to hear from one of my sociology heroes,
If you lift me up I can! Smartass :-P
WHAT THE FUCK?!
hatch out of your egg and update your profile pic!
seriously!! That would be awesome
is wondering why people blow their nose then look at it.
happy early bday
or even a plain piece of Mongolia......
A couple beers, 1 shot of crown, and some candy kush!! O yea I feel nice
Good luck!
omg! You're gonna miss MT?!?! :O
Is anyone wearing Mexican Pointy Boots? I'd love to know someone that rocks that style
such a Don.
Morgan Freeman makes me think of penguins, prison, and boxers.
Thanks for RTs and #FF recommendations!
John Mayer just really pulls at the heart strings.
you got it, I just got off spring break and I was in Florida the entire time so no games for me!
“: Is it bad that I found the new #bevisandbutthead pretty funny #howoldami?” I laughed so hard I was #crying!
Sup baby goon! Cool Tumblr
You have good weather for it?
follow me so that we can network..been unable to contact you since you've been off FB..still need you on that 2original track
How the learner feels following the event, ther is no one thing every course should have
USA's prison policy:If all the kings horses and all the kings men couldn't put Humpty together again, then we need more horses and more men
i saw her livechat and i like her long hair she's so beautiful <333
Thanks Jenna!:)
Can you say party?!? Hang out with behead thy king Saturday night. Hit us up for directions.
You are very welcome. So glad you love it!
can't wait to see you at #allhat today. Rain or shine, it will be a blast!
k. I'm sure it's related to how miserable I was yesterday. ha.
#IamAStanBecause He hates Christoper Reeves, Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon
thank you!!
The history of Tarpon Springs is closely intertwined with the Greek Sponging industry.
Ebony said my hips are getting wider & my but is getting bigger :|
"Start every day off with a smile and get it over with". W. C. Fields
I'm compliant! MT : : C'mon, reviewers & blurbers, get ur blurbs in by tomorrow, please!
Glad to hear you made it in. Hoping to stop down this year and see what this insanity is all about. And drink beer. :)
Did you know has a newbie check-in offer? A FREE tap beer on your first check-in.
Eye injury. Basketball
Anyone know what the winds are at? P'ville has been so windy all day!
You're certainly welcome!
The new cheesecake at Rao's is to die for.
no problem love<3 && literlly im just done trying..ive asked 10 times and always a NO...&& where did you meet them.?
uk its true lol ima have a billion followers soon lol
Those who worry draw their own conclusions.
Happy Birthday Chris! Funny meeting you here at #Camelot!
I don't really have any respect for Bill Bennett.
We should go back to calling tomatoes love apples.
Perfect! Thank You again!
i do not have an older brother. now i am a little bit scared.
Dan Wheldon has died after a crash during this weekend's race in Las Vegas. Our prayers are with the Wheldon family during this tough time.
Why am I up wtf .
That's terrible! So much for love and acceptance!
yeah I know but its definitely not the real Princeton
Just bought tix to go see & the rest of the gang in Chipwrecked w/my lil buddy
miss you!
"Tis mad idolatry when the service is greater than the God." -Shakespeare (Troilus and Cressida) (through May 20 at The Modern Theater).
I'm pinning a lot of nap related humor on hm.....
Ain't nobody got time for John Travolta.
agreed. Get some so we can hit the course and enjoy the weather!
More uniqueness? you can go to IKEA in Brooklyn on a ferry from Manhattan to Brooklyn FREE! see details next tweet
umm. tomorrow is april fools day, and i will be with maria, chad, and caleb.. should i be scared? probably.
BTW - Jeremy Affeldt may just be the best LH reliever in baseball.
Since PDS signed on with HubSpot in April 2010, they have achieved the following results:
I fucking hate my french class omg...
THANX FOR THE FOLLOW U DA BEST... #TEAMDAREALRICKROSS MUAHZ! CANT WAIT TO SEE U SOON :)
Think Facebook buying instagram. There's value in owning the biggest threat to your marketshare.
goin to see avengers with sydney :)
Sappy wappy stories.
hahaha aww you just need to get better sweetheart!!
I had to wait till after midnight then i made $1.04 bing 4times , and 1 video
Morning loves !! :-)
Things couldn't be going any better :)
Over the Line weekend in San Diego!
is celebrating 's birthday. He'll tell you how when he first came to America, he thought it was India.
Looking forward to hanging out with you on Friday
RT thanks: and !
The gift of salvation is free but the process of sanctification will cost you!
Will do the same. Should get a 'notice' from them soon.
#mmaf2011 Pandora hyperlocalizes musicians #mobile great for event marketing!!
Ah, so that's the reference. Nice!
thx--I enjoyed meeting you as well. Stop by anytime! We validate.
Delaware Co new totals in for Westerville levy: 4,215 for and 3,707 against
I found a gray hair in my hair this morning, maybe it's Anderson Cooper's.
hey it's a pleasure supporting those who are looked up to by our girls!
this used to be a street team! :)
: is there a chapter leader conf call today?
Hope Guess calls me back for the interview :)
Hawks 2nd unit is better than their 1st - Joe Johnson is not a super star neither is Josh Smith
Absolutely, no pressure no play, get split & u sit. CLOSE!!! (closeout) & rotate! Tag! (boxout)
(1 of 2) 3 cheers for the consumerist economy bloat up during the holidays. Just pray you don't have to use the restroom with the dress ...
haha we should totally try tobgo x
Nick: How'd he get this smile... I think its his cheeks.. Its like.. Jesus in a face. -Starts Pinching Louis's cheeks-
And after 20 hours I am back in Miami!
Looking forward to the Army-Navy game!!! See you all there.
WHAT IT LOOK LIKE
smh..to ya last post..lmao
Anyone? Isn't everyone except me? RT : Yep, you notice anyone drunk already? Lol...
sorry, they've had a couple close ones. :(
meaning those singing comp shows surprise me w who they pass and who they take sometimes.The Voice has most talent to me
Finally got my schddule, guess it was the Kansas school that was going slow
Scanjose.org using google maps and "layer" an augmented reality tool. More of a toy than actually used. Is an experience prototype.
Where are my #NOLA peeps at???
I love u !!!! You did GREAT!! Such a pretty voice :-)
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
The best always win a ring at some point
if she dyed her hair red, it would be appropriate.
Hearing my puppy cry outside my door because he wants to sleep with me <<<
you tripped me out lol BOOB
I wonder if the power will stay on ... Big thunderstorm w hail is south of here and making tons of noise!
Choke choke choke
's always speaks his mind. Whether or not you agree with his opinon, you have to respect that.
The Things They Caroled
Thanks, Chuck. BOOMER!
Not to bandwagon, but haven't seen the overt observation yet. Does Mitt not remember this incident because there were so many "antics"?
your favorite color is green huh lol for jets and white
At the jc with
you can use Bayern, I'll kill you with Napoli. JohnBlaze916 on ps3
Halftime reports cracks me up
so, i'm going to finish my pack of cigarettes tonight and after that i'm not smoking anymore.
Happy to consult. I've a longitudinal bet that I can't hit the belly of at 20 ft w/ 50% accuracy. Need Charlie's help.
yo I haven't watched fights lately b/c i can't order them here. heard bones won but it wasn't impressive guess rashad is sorta bak
No one talk to me.
Summerhouse Five.
Why do people say "You scared the living daylights out of me" when daylight is not living?
Thank You All who came out to the COMEUP! It was AWESOME!!
#duh #cousins4ever help me name her??? If we decide it's a she lol
Thinking about making a nice Lamb curry with Xmas #leftovers. Yum!
Is chanting "We want Pipp!" with ! On
: no worries.....we're all here...if you ever really need us.
Today is not my day...at least I still have you my dear O.G. Kush...
I love GCB! One of the funniest shows on TV!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY ON YOUR FREE BOOK!
Happiness is not given to you, Happiness is found.
Remaking the Transportation Building to Make It Easier to Love
The problem with Spotify: now all my facebook friends will know when I'm listening to Teach Me How To Dougie
I envy you so much right now. I'm up in Spokane, doing the master cleanse and sitting inside on a terrible day...
Polls are open. VOTE TODAY!
thanks for following! Keep me in mind if you know of anyone who might have a real estate need in Dallas/Ft.Worth!
agree with that
I agree!
Thanks Delegate for stopping by! We loved having you at the #RVA !
What is everyone doing tonight?
lmfaoo ! Yes I do. Sucks lol
Whoops! That wasn't meant to be public yet! I'm posting the final version soon.
I'm partying like I'm 14yrs old again coming home late except this time mommy not waiting for me n the living room with the belt in hand
Show em what you got , girl show em you the shit ...
my lips have been really chapped lately. i fucking hate it.
i've heard theres been a ton of changes, was it still a good show despite no Ryan or Jason?
no one is ever in my comp class.. why pay all this money if you never come to class?!
TOPFLIGHT did the damn thang and we gonna keep doin!! SALUTE US WHEN YOU SEE US!!!
answermaven: Awesome news: RT : Congratulations Roberta Shaffer, the newly appointed Law Librarian of Congress!
Our guys lost 31 - 17 the other night. Oh well, always next game !
Is now an intern for the cannot wait to start tomorrow!
We visited Raymond Vinyards in Napa Valley in April. Their Chardonnay is wonderful too. $20 to $30 I think.
you are looking for a graphic designer? What sort of work are you looking for?
I started Entrepreneur School for Kids,Inc., because it's time our children learn the value of creativity, and the American dollar.
Taking my dad to his birthday lunch at Shapiro's in downtown Indy...great food!
Oy, lines are long for #sxstartup sessions. right on point adding Startup Village this year.
I usually get Liam.
Mini vacation now until Tuesday! Hooray!
This #mbta train is filled with loons! Some man is shouting about rigor mortis and death. Better than coffee for waking up. Really.
Wanted to let u know I will be singing in Chicago May 12 & 13. Do u know of anything going on Sun nite, May 13th?Blessings..
Zeelots, what do you think? RT : Who uses a trainer to get their fitness on?
I wish. It sold out before I found out about it.
yea but not online I heard its like the old one what bout u
Hi, I'm late. I'm a graduate student at Columbia University.
yay! Come say hi afterwards :) Which show will you be at?
its fun and its on the beach! If u have car its only 1 hr to the ferry
WHEN BOYZ GEt JElOUS; ItS CUTE; WHEN GiRLS GET JELOUS; iTS WORLD WAR 3.
I should clarify. It was brought to my attention by my body. This happens every five seconds or so.
Thank you everyone for working so hard and helping us get as far as we did! Please stay tuned!
Mr. Inconsistent grounds out
Thanks :) just for the semester! Rather than studying abroad I decided to do an internship and take classes at NYU!
Bout to make me Famous in his Ratchet video lmao!!!
Laying Here Thinking Bout Some Things!
Floyd Mayweather gets a unanimous decision to win the WBA junior middleweight title for Miguel Cotto.
Bent 360° Like that very much. I think that. I often feel I'm chasing my tail sometimes, though. Leading, and following. THX
Hey ! Hurry up and get home! We miss you!!!
You May Not Always Come On Time, But I Always Know Your Gonna Be There! . <3
Show this Friday Swinefest hope to see you there........Specyphi goes on at 3:00pm
amazon, barnes n noble, kindle nook ;)
yea I want good seats
yeah, i said it.
It looks great Valencia!
Raising Eyebrows written by founder Tweazerman!
I have tons of sound bites. You mean the cartoon right?
Hashtag for tonight's "Inventing the Future" event is #dsinvent. Doors at 630 (and drinks), prompt start at 7. Look fwd to seeing you there!
Watching Ugly Betty at 12:12 at night and they ads are baby diapers? Right on.
#oomf gott life fucked up if he thought I was just going to cuddle/cake just for the hell of it! That ain't shit u do "just cause"!!
Looking for a networking group in Hudson Ohio? Join us Thurs. mornings at 7:30 am Yours Truly! for more info
I've got a bad case of SCMEA.
Hi, all! Please check out , a new Chicago-based #geolocation app that gives you cash back & donates to charity after every purchase.
Well when i see you @ LUNCH ... we needed to talk .
yeah that absence of any real adult responsibility must be a bitch... silly youth : P
Sittin n gym classroom bored af
Networking is essential for your business to learn with your customers in order to promote the message on what your business is about.
Also, we're extending that "earlyxmas" coupon a couple more days. Save $15 on any waterproof ipod! Being Santa should always be this easy!
Watching the gorgeous David Boreanaz ! I love the tv show Angel!
Sounds like the pre-elevator ride was a good time!
Getting inked up
Nothing, I'm tired yo. What you doin tomorrow and Saturday?
Thank you! RT : - Congratulations on the great press, and well done getting the word out on #housing #accessibility!
Borders to close 200 stores.
Break a leg! You'll be fabulous. Missed you at AWP this year, but you've SO moved beyond that, lady.
oh i know!!
": #MadMen" on the west coast, good tonight? Season has been disappointing thus far
west side , fiddlesticks where u at
Dear , I'll be rooting for you on commute home. I'll pick back up on the play-by-play once there. Hoping for much excitement.
Keep your dreams alive believe in yourself vision hard work determination and dedication All things possible for those who believe
so we are eating and Tonii makes me cry.We are talking about feelings!boo ha ja!
we love brazil
- Warren Strain was on tonight speaking on behalf of the Mississippi Highway Patrol.
Son won't let me come with him to his senior pictures. "What's the point," he says. "All you would do is sit in the corner and cry."
Please don't tell me you are off twitter :(
Oh and happy mothers day to , , & 's moms cause they put up with me just as much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
I think the freezer deserves a light as well!
No, I was hoping they didn't mean postmortem....at least!
Madison Pharmacy Associates – Great gift idea: Marla Ahlgrimm’s The HRT Solution-Optimizing Your Hormone Potential
It's raynin! Sweet! Love the rain=)
The MacHeist folks are offering a kinda cool follow up deal: a free copy of SimpleChord to go with Etude
Decided to take my inventory with me on my upcoming trip, so I can continue shipping orders out.
Let's go , bring it home
not even a house phone.
I am not there right now. I will email you sto schedule a time.
This is going to be a great year..
itd be cool if followed me, because hes amazinng
Hope chris asks mikey my question 99.9999% that he won't! :( PLEASE CHRIS ASK MIKEY MY QUESTION!!!
glad you got to go and support the team, Russ! They are a talented, likeable bunch. Hey, like us!
you look even uglier <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT : Kathy McLean: "Wikipedia has shown us that there is no permanent knowledge."
I can't wait to see your new show! Good luck!
Breaking down time :-)
Congrats! Hope your last semester goes quickly.
I HAD A GOOD DAY YESTERDAY BUT I LOVE MONDAYS IT GOING DOWN AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS !!CAL 786 223 1654
Coach Izzo, I've always really liked you, but you need to STFU when it comes to UK.
you must hijack studios for an after dark or something. Or 3 permanent co-hosts for pcast, Adam?
(AP) -- Army drops all charges against 5th soldier it had accused of murdering 3 Afghan civilians
Why hasn't anyone told magazine editors that Kate Perry isn't actually good looking?
thanks Jim. Believe it or not sun broke thru and we got to 60 - perfect for my 10 mile run!
Glad you found something at least! Just sleep with a shotgun by your side.....
annoying the crap out of my new best friend Javier as he is installing this thing. :-). But he is doing a fine job of hiding it!
I almost in oakland my hometown baby hella happy
nope want to move there though! And is a great friend!!
oh god not hystericalIU again...
You don't come off as a sexist pig, doesn't seem like you fit in.
Same! Gotta support my boo
How you own a house and have no washer and dryer. You give public perception of you ballin. Weak broke bitch lol lot fake will be exposed.
hope I'm not being TOO intense on your Facebook post... #justsaytheword ;)
Just got done with track today did weightlifting . slo tired .
lol dogs > people
Great to see you continuing to be an important catalyst for social change in this world!
Oh praise the gods. The *bucks at the Nashville airport is open at 4am. I haz coffee. I just might survive the day. Or at least the morning.
Twitter is boring i use to love coming but not anymore that much :o
Sounds good...we looking forward to seeing you!!!
Hiistorians afraid of Joe Hooker? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL byCathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle. Not all #Civilwar Generals gentlemen.
how bout that story? ;)
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Facebook when you order & get 20% off TODAY!
LOVE: "You really shouldn't say 'I love you' unless you mean it. But if you mean it, you should say it a lot. Pe...
don't mean to preach but I dropped 30+ lbs and went from a size 10-11 to size 6-7 this way :-) Propel water is great too!
nope. I was on iPad.
whatever! ur a great advocate for so many Oklahomans!
says the question is: what role do we want to play in the world after 2020? What kind of stealth fighter do we need?
Hey Brian I see you have a new Twitter handle. What's with the change? How are you buddy?
RT Obama administration objects to new #TXLege law requiring #VoterID, blocks law from coming into effect -
so John Legend said that Britney Spears and Demi Lovato aren't singers...well then I guess the world is square too.
Exciting! Good Luck with the new soccer season!
Fun! Get to analyze the classification system of different fashion styles for 616! Now if I could only get a job in a fashion library...
Just saw a guy riding a fixy and holding a yellow disk man.
Why am I up watching fanboy and chum chum ? U_U
I'm going to take the University jet to Mexico City today, just to mess with the obsessed message-board types (and get some grub).
no i just saw your last tweet to me about narek and i meant likee i want youu guys to go out TOO . i just worded it weird
yup! So I might have put some salt in the marinade instead of waiting until grilling. But I think it will be ok!
I know. He might follow you if you ask. Cause I have been asking him for 2 days.
Had a LOVELY evening with my girl Rissa last night. Can't wait for the next girls' night out!
followed you back
LOL!! RT : Beware of the social media agency who has 200 followers on Twitter. Ya dig?
If you think #saysomethin was bad you should get your ears checked ! #itwasperfect <3
For some reason Day 3 is worse than Day 1 when quitting smoking...glad this one is about over with..looking forward to Day 4.!.BRING IT ON!!
Got your email! I'll listen to both tonight and let you know. Thinking the Parlotones.
Models wanted for DUB San diego 9/26 email: with contact info and photos.... (paid)
Considering I broke my angle in 2011, dancing is a big deal. Actually started running Wednesday with my therapist's help. I'm almost back!
(Unlike me) his hands were fine, and he worked, but these things bothered him a long time. Nobody's alive to tell the details.
Giving this #pomodoro business a whack today. Lets see how productive i can be!
Our friends at ACP have a job opening: "ACP has an opening for a position which will start with administrative work while learning our mat…
THAT HURT. my toe is like turning purple ..
bought all that lv for nothing
#thevoice I love you cee lo green!!! Will you marry me???????
We'll discover real quick whether this roster belongs in that conversation...and if they don't, why that is.
What about the "tiny" neighborhood that's supposedly tucked away somewhere La Jolla?
out of that 7 hrs you have about 20-25mins of zombies. Don't get too excited haha
i love ur bio....so true !
Enjoying the weather and a birthday party.
Appreciate the follow? Would you be open to having a conversation about unique nutrition? Thanks in advance!
loving all the red bud in bloom & the first light greens of spring popping out. my favorite season by a country mile (and a city mile too.)
I did!
Finally ran again. Gotta get warmed up for #sxsw morning runs with
listien to some music
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
getting ready 2 submit 2 ya account I know U lookin for dope records but are you workin on/with any artist in particular
Couldn't have asked for a better international premiere ! 900 peeps in audience !
Baking with J Clyde's head chef next week. Oatmeal breakfast porter coffee cake.
AZ lets grind the ball
#mcfarland to #lpr2011 - #egypt is about to starve, why don't we win them over by sending over wheat that we know how to grow?
Marino's on Ingraham at Grand= delish.
Looking for a sports talk show that has more than Tebow on their agenda...I guess I'm going to have to make my own show...
Justin bieber likes cock from his bf!
Road trip!!
I'm the girl sitting at crowbar eating dinner out of a rubbermaid container. A special lady, took the time to make, I have no shame
love the commentary with the prizes tonight!
Oh, well, why didn't you say so to begin with?
"I was growing up listening to Queen...F. Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs."~G. Cherone Which Queen songs for Jammit?
#NYCSportsReport: Joining the champs: New #NYGiants have extra challenge as rookies – NFL News
Everyone Please Follow Us On Twitter
#ds106 wants to share their assignments and ideas with all who are interested.
Tired of girls that don't wear toms shoes and hair sweaters
Little-known O'Malley appointee, Secre of Labor Alexander Sanchez, just named chief of staff by Story to follow.
Looking for an LA publicist. Immediate hire. Suggestions anyone? For &
booty shaking?
Tim Tebow is prob furious about those T Shirts!
Yeah, they always had them in the new cafeteria. I'm pretty sure that's what they are. I would always get 'em
At the moment, Pliny the Elder. But, tonight I am hoping for a big spicy red.
he does need a break. He is just so happy there. Everytime I see him he talks about Australia.
Just found The Last Starfighter 25th Anniversary Edition on DVD!
How do you have time to know that all this stuff is happening? (Much less to go to it??)
I want a pair!! RT WIN PANTS! Last day > The Goods: Win a Pair of Industry Publicity’s Favorite PR Girl Work Pants bit.ly/y1Hk2b
Alright. Thank you.
na i don't wanna leave but you know how it is when . .Oo baby keep that on so i can . . . .take it off when i get back :-)
I just checked-in at Kohl's Food Store in MyTown2. lol
I meant what city. :p Are you still in Los Angeles? ... Northeast corner of First and Spring
I'm so glad I'm not the only one!! I mean you be yourself but, it personally makes me gag. And that's from a girl.
I RIPPED OUT THAT TAG FROM UNDER THE MATTRESS!!! YES!!!!!!!
#FF to new client
RT Beware their is a ladder in the middle of the road on I-465 off exit near 56th st! Two cars down so far!
In an effort to retain head count, #Dewey enforces 60-day notice policy on departing lawyers, according to sources in my story today.
Fish tacos?
Lesser known #soccer team names & sponsors: Victorious Secret. Sponsored by...self explanitory
Today begins the 57th day! Ah badges will be done today and invitation designs thought out!!!
aw <3 I LOVE YOU!!! "WELCOME TO THE GRILLED CHEESE ACADEMY"
Humor is merely tragedy standing on its head with its pants torn
Big thanks to Councilman Rodriguez & staff for a great meeting! The pleasure was all mine. Exciting things.
says he wants economic security for #MiddleClass but he's destroying Middle Class w/ #regulations & #taxes RT
You should ask about soap for cloth diapers. She has some good stuff.
It's almost the weekend!! Got plans?
When you text like 8 people and NONE of them reply, and those are the people you actually want to talk to. /:
we are all right here. our 24 developers are right next to all the designers, this is critical for how we do our work.
I thought putting workout clothes on would make me workout. Now I am just sitting on the couch in workout clothes....
“: Cinco de Mayo was a blast, but Seis de Mayo really sucked. #Hangover” ha ha!!!!!
oh, that's just the start. Their mac & cheese is beyond words.
as soon as cotchery is released, Ozzie should call. T. Smith/doss insurance at least. May even be upgrade over mase.
BLOG: Nintendo Direct 2012.04.21 Chat and Live Blog
- sadder than a prematurely cocky Phillies fan.
Greetings, Mr. Pfeiffer. If someone wanted to contact you, is there an email address available? Thank you!
Awesome! Very honored and surprised to receive Partner Award at Eversheds IT Awards dinner tonight. Thanks for great party!
Just realized there's a hole in the sweater I chose for today...It's only moderately noticeable...
have fun @ the studio !!!
How cool would it be to reach 2,000 Facebook fans by the end of the week?? Let's make it happen by Black Friday, big SALE to come!...
Paige, believe me, there are a lot of us who are going to be asked by our friends "You watched WHAT last night?"
I love my new iPhone case. Its got a bottle opener in the back. Yeah Buddy!
Husband is tweeting our dinner again...oak fire, chicken thighs, Tajin seasoning, YUM.
The pleasure is all mine. Enjoy your weekend, too!
Congrats for passing 5000 likes on facebook! Mama Rocks!
American Psycho for sure. Still have a soft spot for Less Than Zero. Book was better though.
off to get my bday haircut. and idk what i want to get smh
YOU LIE! YOU LIE! Hamas put people into buildings AFTER IDF warned that they would be shelled!!! I BET YOU YOU KNOW THAT! LIAR!
I Have A Feeling Today Is Gonna He A Long Day
TY for the mentions and RTs!
Wonders if I'll find another person who truly cares about me like she did.
"Alex Trebek: 'I've Been Thinking Of Retiring'" #huffpost WHAT IS: NO, ALEX, for 20!
You're so crazy! You were great! You are a strong pinay! That's why chose you silly! <3
#AllRushersFollowKendallSchmidt go go go go
YES! Fixed AND dynamic social graphs. RT : I want chats to show who knows who. An inter connection chart of sorts
angrybobbyflay - u might like it
tweet this ABQ March 11-13 at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino ....first person to do it gets a $20 gift certificate from Lemon Sugar Henna
My eyes on fire
where r yr parents?
#Karajan would never let himself look that #weird. In that video Gould is an impish deity charmingly tending to his
no endorsements from this scribbler in the analogy dept ;)
Someone by the name of jokavich won the Australian tennis open!
is on a tear tonight. Hugs for him
damn, u been drinking? Lmao
He was having seizuring of the face when we first saw him #MeditatingHuh?
I can't hold a conversation with a boring person, if the convo isn't poppin' , I'm not replying.
Sorry to hear it... but the concert should rock, so you'll get to hear the finished product tomorrow :) See you there
Dawn thoughts: Most vegetarians are wearing a cow on their feet. <Arya Holmes>
some fans will never learn, unfortunately. it'll be the same next year. death threats, racism, adults acting like children, etc
I always loved the eccentric designs. Closer to a Star Wars aesthetic, the better.
wishing i knew some info on #codblackops multiplayer.
I still drink hot TEA in the summer, but I'll drink iced tea too.
Ears have not heard and eyes have not seen. What the Lord is doing in Yhai life and I'm keeping watch in the stars.
JUSTIN BIEBER'S IN THE HOUSE!
Thanks for the +k. I appreciate it.
R.I.P. Trayvon Martin. For every R-T this tweet gets, $1 will be donated to the #TrayvonMartin Foundation, which helps counteract racism.
if I could sing life would be complete
aww wat a cute couple how old are u
On the 950: annual obit show today; lives of note and interest among those we should remember better. Your nominee?
I love beautiful sunsets :)
the low maturity level of a lot of people at our school!
Golf Gift Certificates are a great way to say Happy Holidays. Bridges Pro Shop is having a Year End Clearance, pro shop hours M-F 11-2
#home is the best!!! “: A better class of loser suits me fine #randytravis #home”
LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST LOST Can you tell I'm excited about LOST tonight?
RT : You are all AMAZING! Keep the #MKEDAY celebration coming, but definitely check out what is posting today.
We must understand and make clear that no one "earns salvation" by Torah observance and never did, a life of Torah observance is our offerin
Your icon is adorable :)
way to go! Here's looking forward to day 2.75. And then 3.!
atari aka the enforcer!! are you ready for sunday
RT german diet of beer and bratwurst is getting too much and mtv austria never play music videos just jersey shore on repeat
RT : Today we begin the process of documenting (HDS and HDR) THE orbiter of record, Shuttle Discovery OV103!
I've never been as disappointed in Obama as I was when I heard him say "attorney generals" recently.
Never have I wanted a boxer to win a fight more than I want cotto to beat mayweather Watching 24/7 ... Great show
Thanks to everyone that visited the Visual Intelligence booth at the 2010 ASPRS/CaGIS in Orlando, Florida.
with and
No he didn't. But he did say they probably would have been able to improve it but focused on other priorities.
Happy Friday! Does anybody have any good exercise ideas for the weekend?
Thanks for the Follow-Back !
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe? ;)
President Obama to announce the death of Osama Bin Lauden. Presidente Obama annunciara la muerte de Osama Bin Lauden.
Yes, yes I'm home :)
can we make a date...make it happen, Ben. make it so.
ACDI/VOCA volunteer Patti Carpenter will be selling handicrafts from women’s co-ops in Haiti, Guatemala & Bolivia. 5/13-14
Yum, need to get over there soon! It's been awhile.
u r the best thing that has wver happened in my life u keep me grounded and stable. Thanks for that. Love u
Robby Gordon and Jimmy Spencer think JPMontoya crashes a lot.
trying to imagine LA drivers in London.... not a bloody chance mate... in a city where EVERYONE drives... NO ONE can drive... wow.
my mom came up with that chirp chirp thing before u did brian lol
“: I want to go the distance in life...a shooting star never helped a lost hiker.”
Level 3 Reports First Quarter 2012 Results
#ThestuffIthinkabout Why doesn't he like me?
"The Obama Deception" is airing LIVE on ZenLive.tv right now!
Have you noticed that Google search results are "cleaner"?
English so boring
Going to hear talk about her book The New Southern-Latino Table tonight
Purple corn Brazilian Sangria, "Parana Verao", come get one for lunch on the pation on Larimer's Walkway.
I take back that #lakefront comment
The election period for Exec Board positions ends on Wednesday, April 25th at 6pm. Make sure to get your votes in by then!
Nigga im faded
Buying a used car is too complicated. I'll just jog 7 miles to work.
RT : Research should focus on clinically-actionable discoveries and be driven by disease and benefit to patients
thanks for the RT!
He's drunk cut him some slack RT : "All the way to the well!" ~ Gary Thorne
didn't feel sad or hurt... indifference is settling in. good.
my favorite burgers ever!
i'm 21 and still at the kids table
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Patrick and Karls better pick me up this morning for school! I can't miss ISS.
Mall w/ ?Yeah probably(:
Man I wanna hologram too! I could on vacation all the time my hologram was at work!!! LOL!!!
Don't forget the Tweet-up and Departures Salon Series tonight @ the Balloon Museum @ 5:30pm!
stay away from me forever and you know who you are inbox me to make sure >:(
Starstruck is on TV. & I'm missing it. Brb, crying.
10:12 pm and still haven't finished my Biology homework. I will do it in my English class with my friends
My childhood hero was Mickey Mantle and he stayed my hero even after I learned he was not a perfect person.
Government lawyers have a duty to disclose evidence of wrongdoing in the government
Just when I was about to walk out the door. The sky opened up and it started to rain. I guess I'll just play the sims.
amazing response Mr. Hill... keep up the great work.
Resting today to be prepared for tomorrow
also miss you on ncis
i'd probably pull their eye out of it's socket. then make them eat it. and be my slave
don't see "the grey" it was rather dull and linear....see "The Edge" with anothon hopkins 10x better :)
If you liked 's Third Spaces presentation, you should take COMM 668 on Spaces in Fall 2012.
Same here <3
haha x) ur almost part of the brown krew! But yeah so :p in yo face! Dude we needa chill again! :D wit also!
I want everyone to know the clock tower plays Footlose at 4pm so thats awesome.
so I think the fight's over now. they're happy.
I know a lot of people but I have very few FRIENDS.
RT : most startups need (at least) 1 person in power who obsesses about every single bit of the experience. Most startups don't have that
yes check out Adestria! Dayshell is the ex basist for Of Mice & Men, new project. I can't wait to hear more from them :)
RT : We are getting questions about whether #Rutgers has classes on Mon., 10/10 (Columbus Day). Yes, we do.
Off to a great start at #innotechatx. Keynote starts at 8am.
haha . Love you too. :P
I have four google accounts but I just want one #GooglePlus profile, help?!
Why is everyone taking bubble baths tonight? Pretty sure I just saw about 5 pictures of em on instagram
#BayArea Will Be Opening Soon... Are you ready?
tired as fuck, but still smokin
It's job hunting time followed by boxing. I hope I get something soon because it is boring not having a job.
Now that's a poem I haven't seen yet!
I just don't understand students at Craigmont act so damn foolish
oh ok ttyl
“Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life.” – Jack
Good strikeout by Soriano
Don't make a ass out ya self..butt face,My niggas eatin very good like a buffet
What is the difference between a sin and shame?
bro when are we going to kick it
I am now realizing that watching Kiss the Girls this early in the day was really STUPID! But it's so good!
are you still in detroit?
Thanks brotha! I appreciate the support man
Agreed. Atta boy Ton. RT : so thrilled for you! You so deserve this!!!
May your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
lololololol I know!
I can't see why anyone tho 'Trump' wouldn't run, just needed new publc atte.re.debate
that LOL moment when you tweet like hes actually gonna reply to you. yea.. ive been doing that for the past hour now ..
I like cheese. I like cheese. I like cheese. I like cheese.
try Hula Girl today, its pretty good!
Lol here soon we will record bro
Now freelancing with Paradigm Talent Agency's Commercial V/O NYC Office...first audition tomorrow
you are sexy!
Worse… Splash pages.
any idea what campaign/organization did it or anonymous?
Good to hear!
When refs basically change the game from a bad call <<<<<<<<<
Volunteered in Doo's classroom today :) followed by basketball practice with the little turkey bird. I heart that guy.
is missing the boat not bringing full episodes to mobile. A "science fiction" channel should be more forward looking. Imagine greater?
#TheShahsofSunset Really?!? Come on Bravo, just admit you have no more decent ideas for stupid reality shows. Duh...
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
#Whyhavea phone if u don't pick up or text back.
jessica said hi too and good well not the dizziness part
And she loves to show me off, of course. Smiles everytime my face is up in The Source.
LOL, no humidity today. Summer will be different story.
It's Impossible to Read my mind. Because sometimes, I don't even know what's going on in there…
We found Dove, in a soapless place....
Great day yesterday playing tunes for the tailgate. And our boys got a win! Great weekend so far!
how are some of the ways you're promoting QR codes? Interesting organization!
There is no room in poetry for the hashtag
Learn to live, and live to learn. Ignorance like a fire doth burn, little tasks make large return. – Bayard Taylor
I've been with 7th/8th graders for five years, they love animation, so ANIMATE your lesson planning to get and keep their attention.
Please stop stealing
What did the bee to the other bee in summer ?Swarm here isn't it !
Awww! Thank you so much!!!
Ralph Lauren Purple label Ain't I fresh as I can be Made it through my situation Ain't I blessed as I can be
Today's my niece's birthday and she just went on a shopping spree. I want to go on a shopping spree. I need it.
It's like he has all of the Village People chasing him across that train.
you're too nice! Your guys looked great. Good luck with the rest of play offs.
okay...maybe Tash can get me out during a time more conducive to you schedule
Hallelujah (Jeff Buckley version)
Adobe Illustrator RT : did we ever find out what used for the #nyscate keynote preso? Felt like prezi.
Joel.Ant tho I still dont know how he made it to the
Storytelling is a muscle. You can learn what you need to if you keep trying and really care.
thanks for the follow Bob! Love your biscotti!
If cats are putting bread on their heads and taking pictures, theyre proving to be almost as intelligent as we are!
Seguin wasn't even on the ice.
26 New Ambassadors (6 figure earners) promoted in the last 90 days in this region!! 26!!! This is getting nuts!
thanks for the link! Love finding new ones.
Aight what to eat tonight??
So fucking irritated....ready to go!!:-(
60 hours away from the CA Bar examination. If only you could experience the anxiety welled up inside of me...you'd fucking kill yourself.
Which type of thing, fantasy? Heck yes!
But I dont want to get to deep into those thoughts.
ugh lost my mf paper -____-
When I first came to this country, I lived in New York. I remember looking up at the twin towers for the first time. I'll never forget.
Brush fire threat continues to remain elevated through the weekend. Highest danger Sunday afternoon into Monday.
#cara student Brandell K. secured a postion as a car service worker! 55 of 310!!
was in my dream driving a dump truck last night..
In less than 24 hours I'll be seeing my lovelies in I've waited since I was born for this.
morning babe hope u feel better
That might cross a line that I'm not comfortable with. Lol! Um, maybe. Maybe not.
in da real world, ZERO personality.
did you really bow to last night?
I am a college student. I have a cinder block book shelf & a poster of Albert Einstein sticking out his tongue.
idk when it is, my doctors have to schedule it.
Simple reminder: #magicians and trips to #Vegas will ALWAYS seem like a good idea when others are paying. That's not scandal, that's
You are an amazing singer and actress and I hope I can meet you someday.
Or was made out of cookies...or maybe not...that might attract an infestation of bugs... Smells like cookies would be better.
Golly gosh darn, you are a cutie. You know who I'm talking about.
Are you guys real cops or just TSA?
Hurry Follow and get followed
Help me get to 25,000 followers by June 5! Please RETWEET
New sc date coming soon
Voss: people look for meaningful things to do. People PAY to use ancestry to build family tree networks.
What events did you miss in SoCal?
New Latest & Greatest sweepers just got added!
Good morning twitter fam. Here is your daily reminder that I hate the NBA. I'll be tweeting the Grizz game at 8:30 anyhow.
lol where the fuck is that
#scarymovierulestoliveby don't answer the phone :)
I hope you two are having fun at the beach <3-Tiffany (:
But it IS sort of unappealing, ya know? It's not Italy or France. All that fleshy, buggy, dirty WI boy behavior.
Right when we got to my street & walked home!! I was like "YOU STINK LOSER!!!" But, he said that even though (Cont)
thanks for the follow. was just listening to the broadcast via the intertubes
haha thank you I guess
so no one talking about a mad wade w/ the punk move .... just him mad at pacers celebration .... be back for otl
Bud at the helm. Super Nintendo Happy Hour!! Think we should start a Wii bowling tourney..it is MKE fercryinoutlout!
Legends of the Guardians of Ga'hoole... duh...
Fair enough. 2010 they announced late April, 2011 on May 5th. Both of those seemed later than when other schools announce.
Oh man, that would be amazing. Our address is 1 Dell Way RR 78682 ;)
In PHX, enjoying the heat and drying out. Hooray!
Thanks for the love!
Working from the cell while waiting for my car. Gotta love dragon dictation!!
have to get the tranny fixed on my car
": Wow theres a lot on my mind right now #omg #cantstopthinking" story of every girls life
Don't you dare Christian. One Life to Live is my guilty pleasure
Come join us for classes at East Village Body Shop. 1 week free of unlimited group classes. 1 free intro pilates class!
tell me xD and I'll tell you what I got you:b
We hope you are ejoying your stay!
That's why I want it, mainly. I have a regular Kindle, but the iPad's pixel density isn't the best for ebook reading
Mario & Domo VS the world
Once in awhile, call your mate by a pet name. It’s code for “You’re special.”
Today's magic relationship word is POSITIVE
“: Known for their dirty talk, a #Gemini will turn you on before you even get into bed with them.”
Is Braun's Saturday trot (>23 seconds) significantly slower than his others? I missed it, but sounds like he seemed hampered.
“: My last post was baseball. I havent posted pics since my ski trip”
i chose food today too
fact: as much as i put up a front in reality i have major self-esteem issues.
Top 20 Most Popular Programming Languages Among Hacker News Readers
Boy, is it bleak out here on Twitter tonight! Tipsy Tuesday does not seem to be going well out there in the trenches.
Just woke up, deciding if I should go to school :s
Lined up for today is K-L for the independent A-Z. come by the chatroom.
Why does today feel like Friday? Shouldn't it be Friday already?
Warm up by our fire place! Relax while enjoying delicious food and wine! Salute Cucina and Wine Bar 46 East Superior!
Thanks so much for the Friday mention, Jill ;-)
In another life I would make you stay so I don't have to say you were the one that got away <3
: when that mixtape drop bro?!?! IM READY!!
What you know about fire that live in the rain?
35/52 remaining. 18 get paid. if i bubble, i'll be there:)
I think it's time for
Just a little dinner and some exercise.
At the Abbey having a Brother Aaron. Best brew ever! The name says it all.
Have a question for or ? Tweet them to and we'll ask 'em on the air!
I think "Did you just not floss, did they come out all at once, was it gradual..." but I nvr ask those questions. We just talk abt politics.
gambol is my business, and lol @ #LotteryYoda RT " You are so full of knowledge, lottery Yoda."
I appreciate you :-)
Screening sHELL Tonight see you there!
I am doing exercises! YAY I have to do extra sit-ups for the twinkie I ate and more sit-ups for the one I am about to eat.
well Liam just doesn't love me. He did say he'd be my baby daddy tho!
So thankful for your help and services! :)
Everytime u tweet I think ur going to tweet me back but then u don't:( happy birthday
The Hunger Games:
#she-ra is hot
lol no. getting new ones soon
Why do you ignore me? I understand that u not time for this bull have.My dream is to meet u. And Ißm not just a fan ------>
INDEED! NO OTHER OPTION ;-)
Up up and away! Already miss you much!
what's goin on
I see u homie
How stupid is Amare'? We have Rose, shumpert who would kill to play right now and Amare is taking himself out the playoffs
STFU! Stop fucking making up crap! Ugh I feel so bad for my mom :'''''(((
Lifes hard, keep your drinks cold...on that note im motherfuckin ghost
Oh if you would only see how truly courageous you are.
This is going to be the longest weekend of my life.
you're skyping with right now? o;
I was wondering if you had the DVD.
The 2010 MLK High School Battle of The Bands-Houston Will Be Hosted By The University of Houston"The Spirit Of Houston"Marching Band
#Orioles don't want to sign Cuban defectors, so Angelos will avoid offending/upsetting Fidel. FACT
you're welcome!
Sometimes in life you need to just stop listening to generalizations...
- family is the lowest tribe. The highest: those with whom you have made common cause toward something that matters.
RT : 5) There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true. - Byron Katie
How is it you don't remember holding someone down to cut the hair?
her email is "" hahahahah dying ova heaaaa.
follow me ! please follow me , follow me please please
Wow, so MLB unhappy about Braun decision, I imagine most Brewers fans don't care
Sup wh00t?Thanks for following:) Please share...thankz! www.reverbnation.com/rufar0
Come on stop subtweeting ppl ha
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together
My point was that focusing on homosexuaity purely as biological implies that if it is/were it a choice it would be a bad one.
online health is annoying :/
Selfish is the worst look on people.
OH CANADA, i miss you. i will return
Im a true fan, I go through all the shit I get just for them
"Say Something, baby don't be so shy."
When I wake up tomorrow, I better be flooded w messages from people tryin to get in on our pong tournament this Tues...Ladies play free!!!
I'd love to come home! If you ever need to add the non-profit voice to the convo, just look me up :)
Making my new book series I will post it and u love it
oh is it? is that why there were so many queens floating about the campus ;p
#Jets turned down #Hardknocks smartest thing they've done in a year
The new totems at the rhode island metro are very creative. I think I like the ladder the best
im not kidding. i made a vision board & the middle of it is a huge pic of the red velvety regalia, golden cords, and velvet tam!
Aaaaaannnnnddddd......we're talking about guaranteed appointments again.
Had a great show and a great crowd in Boston. Praise God it good to be home.
I could still do thm months ago, ima try again after I have the baby then tell you bf lol
Took long enough
I like to pretend I'm spinning the price is right wheel when I'm setting my alarm on my iPhone.
it seriously makes me sad that i can't hold a conversation with my mom without it ending in a fight
good afternoon tweeps!
if I would've went up to Sunday,he wouldnt even recognized me
on the "popular" page two days in a row on Instagram. just sayin.
": Be more concerned with your character than your reputation. - John Wooden"
The number of golfers in the U.S. has fallen by 13% in the past five years, USA Today 1/16/2012
Dark Shadows is so funny!
School, ttyl, guys. I can't wait to graduate. <3
I Hate Being Second , To Those I Put First .
Thank you, sir! I always learn a lot when we chat, and today was no exception!
There ppl in my school thats allergic to latex
Follow our new thing. In 5 weeks we've spread to 30 states and 7 countries
Alumnus Johnny Hirsch is officially the first alumni out of Lagond Music to get engaged! Congratulations Johnny!
I cold show him you pic when I am up there in AUG if you want.
Thank you for including me!
You know that I could use somebody
If DC and Marvel comics were smart, they would co produce a "Avengers vs. Justice League" movie
“: If dubstep is my drug of choice (which it is), I fully intend to O.D. at #Mojostock next weekend.” see you soon!!
@ #QUICM peeps - pls endorse my comment linkage and helpful colleague badges. I'm quite helpful and ok w/begging. :) www.badgepost.com
COA's patio is THE place to be for Sunday brunch!!!!! Try one of our delicious specials like the refreshing Acapulco Shrimp Salad :)
haha! That couch was scratched up!
RT : Excited to be speaking about the five archetypes of the modern day programmer this summer!
6-1 Mariners.. great first game of the season! This is going to be a good year....
Everyone go follow get him too 12k !<3
what r u looking for? PR?
Thanks for the RT of my #resume !
Me too<: RT : I look & feel so pretty...I kinda want to go out & have DRINKS.....UM IDK YET
Headed to downtown Nashville. See ya'll there!
what is with the handle name? Just curious.
lmfao! we need to get a pic like that to make lurry official
So are you in Dubai right now?
#bestfeelingever crawling into bed after a long day
Follow me to hooters
Yes I will most likely be able to. Plz send me taking points
I want to get my tatt done up today ....
Looking for some Dark Lord Day tickets. Had a team of people trying and STILL struck out. Anyone have an extra or 2?
Yeah, so what are your duties?
I love having shrimp in the freezer--w a little garlic, chili, & cilantro, it's the fastest way to add a protein side to my veggies! :)
no problem. Im not gonna be doing anything. Watching it on tv. Whats new with you?
let me know when they get to the part about drinking on the job and banging chicks in your office
Worst part of the Avengers: I don't think I can watch TIH anymore. They did both Hulk & Banner SO much better.
Here at Hein are already starting to gear up for AALL 2012! Hope to see everyone in Boston!
Hoping to find a unique back to middle school unit for sch lib or media center! Any great unit plans out there? :) Thx!
have 2 b honest abt reality-truth is when u r really #belowtheline there is no banquet or cake
RT : Jason Falls: Social media #marketing is a natural extension of public relations
testing - confirming that @ replies to me seem to be working again! (At least, new ones.)
RT : . says CUNY "has the coolest student body in the world. . . . and the fact that it's not online is criminal"
Shout Out to the Chicks telling her Dude she on her Period because she gotta wait 3 more Days for her Syphilis to clear up!
Checking #twitter on my #iPhone sitting in my car because the #aps #track #jvcitychampionships are postponed due to
nice! ya look like you're ready for some fishing.
I'm good thanks :) wby? Why you up this early?
hey (: & that's good u helped him
All my followers ya'll the best peoples in the world so says me thats why I follow ya'll asses!
Nicely done
Yummy moms breakfast on a Sundays
The awkward moment when you're staring at someone cute and they look right back at you.
I would love some wine rite now
I'm hungry:(
It's okay baby you can flirt all you want!
New show? Back on AHS?
I love my followers :) you guys are fucking awesome
You keep saying that. Or, your other personality does.
haha its a fun game
wishing you were
same, I am just finishing up school. this week is final exam week.
so sad :'( im out of track for the rest of the season! oh well at least i have cross country to look forward to. only 2 more months!
Beat it creep
I want Mickey dsss
Whats so hard about keeping it shaved, Hate hair !
"Everybody's sellin dreams , I'm too cheap to buy one"
#2DAYS IM SO FREAKING EXCITED :D
Would that be quotes about cats or quotes made by cats?
how come texas boys are hotter then like anywhere else ? like can i move there ? hey wanna come !? lol
In 1 week: My pals on at the great Come for , stay for $.50 paperbacks!
u would lol
When I was 16, on a dare from my best friend, I drove to the mall and back in my birthday suit. Well, not exactly back . . . you see, on ...
I had a great dream about last night wink wink
Risk takers by definition often fail, so too morons. In practice it is hard to tell the difference. - Scott Adams
I try! We should grab a beer sometime!
lmao me to!!!! I think I'm a pro when I'm drunk but in reality I have no idea what I'm doing
RT : Is it Friday yet?
Google Kate Upton Cat Daddy. I have no shame, this is amazing.
watchin RED TAILS
Thanks to you both!
its complicated to say
A) Clinton used to be quite the hunk! And B) is it a prerequisite for presidency to have major daddy issues?
What happened? Did you lose them in the funeral march?
Love falling asleep to #sportscenter talking about the #packers killing the viqueens #GOPACKGO 9-0!!!
I'm sad to say Paul is dead meat. It should be Theresa.
...pls check your account; I rec'd a spam message from you today. Thanks..Hoping all is well.
I am down to get tickets to this year all star game
I just expect presents on every holiday... maybe you're really supposed to buy the library a present?
good how bout
No I think you'd crush me
Want tickets to the #CrosstownClassic? Purchase a #HomestandCombo and you could win two tickets!
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen".........
God I need a drink
Gotta pick up my diploma Thursday #2011 baby
Gonzalo is native form Argentina indeed. Unfortunately that's their last public show on the East Coast.
Please post link to retrospective when it's up. I also love Eve Arnold. Sad to lose her and Eva Zeisel in past week or so.
I think for myself, don't just listen to others.
Not fulfilling my purpose is the only thing that scares me!
Right now life is perfect
actually he is extremely happy with his horse friends! He could care less about me now....
I peeped that!!!!!! RT No don't do it. Its a trap
Ah shit. I just scheduled LASIK. Terrified!!!!
sure thing. how can i reach her??
“: The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything. They just make the best of everything. [Jayaram]” Love this!
happy birthday avril !!! hope u have an ah-mazing kick butt day !!!! your my rolemodel forever !!!!!!! ILY xoxo <3
3/10: Come check out the newest installations at THE HANGAR this ART WALK! 7-10 pm.
I dnt want to go to school i have the boring classes
It's 30 degrees and snowing, but I'm still going to
3 more days is all that separates me from summer and a full day of drinking
Oh hey I know that song! RT Ilovewinesomuchlalala
It kills me just as much.
Happy Easter to all from WFA!
I'm sure his time with Terence Davies will serve him well in this new venture.
so i have been chastised for not tweeting enough. so, let's get started. Q for the day. are you your sexual self with your mate?
I hate math.
#ThingsIwantTheMost A place of my own.
Yeah. :/ You Still Live In Illinois?
taking much longer than I thought :-P
Really enjoy teaching at the Creative workshops. Always a great audience.
“ Cannons, my new EP just went live all over the intraweb! Get it while the gettings good!”
I have absolutely NO drive to do ANYTHING right now. Blehh!
Valley Viewers: Remember to come in before /after school this wk for help on Leg unit test. Don't have to bring doughnuts, but ...
PTSD Treatment Helps Sufferers and Their Loved Ones, Says The Center for ...: "The sad truth is that people struggling with PTSD are ...
Followed! Text Me Love <3
for Incident: 120128-000732 the site was nike.com and the version of IE is 9.0.8112.16421. Your system rejected my e-mail reply.
Bad hair days<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Or jump into a fourth wife.
Blasting And having a kick ass time!!! :D Happy late Thanksgiving you guys!!!
Wow, totally cool!
Dell has a 4 week social media certification program, 8-10 hours/course. 4 courses total
Validated the why and what of everything I do.
#wendellberry on being an oddity: I'd have been a normal person 100 yrs ago.
I agree. It appears to be all about money.
#ArabicMusic News - #Morocco: Authorities deny #Lebanon pop star Amal Hijazi a permit to shoot a music video at a historic mosque.
#PeopleWhoAreOverRated Joe Biden
There is NO point in measuring academic performance of students who are not engaged. Measure achievement of students who are engaged.
We're still all about it the cause
agreed! Definitely - next week looks more open. Wednesday or Friday?
Nice...let me finish what I'm doing and I'll join you. How long will you be on there?
Apparently there's a whole world of people who are already up and doing things at this hour...
My preseason days have consisted of cutting timber (for practice)! First meeting about the great timber harvest Tomorrow!!!
Make a list of all you wish to accomplish in life. Once you have complete each goal, check it off and move on to the next. Organization!!
“ In 2012 if the only person enjoying your music is the Church Mother in the front row something is wrong #Rap101”
haha I'm glad you read my mind.
I be tired af in school, soon as I get home Im wide awake. Wtf
lol Its the amount of goals scored in a series kind of like an Nba or Mlb series. Whoever has the most goals in the agg. Advances
Dear sunshine, thanks for the visit! <3
More often than not, if I see a Kanye quote on my TL I will retweet it
Career first though
What the hell was that..?
Standing outside of a car in a parking garage listening to Mike Lange call the fucking win
Healthy Hair has 200 samples at the 4 local vendors off Beltline Road. Enjoy help yourself to everything hair oils shampoo etc.
QWERTY my ass.
Been working hard on this unsigned senior showcase at BRCC on March 24th!! I hope it goes well! Need all unsigned senior in BR there!!
when you coming to Detroit???
The devil.is charlie sheening...4 more fatherless black kids smh
I miss talking to salty!!!:( </3
NY. What about you?
It's so beautiful outside today :)
so how is life
Am still shocked/pleased that Time Warner has PPV gay porn. We were looking at the titles on Ben's mom's cable today and CRACKING UP.
Living the dream! Congrats! RT : Closing in on 1,000 #RFID enabled enclosures in the field. A lot of exciting work going on.
Some girls need to learn to control their WHOREmones
actually, the classification literature totally avoids talking about shelving
Didn't realize they were from Cincinnati til right now either. Hell yeah.
well the beauty of it is all you need is an id of another girl that's over 21.
She like a water park she ain't never dry
NOW>>Big Russ is playing the best classic Doubleshots of all time
oh yeah! Patty loves me. Then again, who doesn't?
Thats so Raven, it's the future I can see, thats so Raven, it's so mysterious to me yeah, YEEP THATS ME! Boom chicka blam
Does anyone know anything about public domain characters from film? When is a character up fro grabs?
u can tell me (;
Finished filming on Thursday, now waiting for the premiere.
CAUCUS OF CLEVELAND CITY COUNCIL - Monday, March 26, 2012 at 12 p.m. Ohio Democratic Party & Organizing for America
...One day, I will tell you about being on-set with "Sandy", which is how introduces herself.
Bless you & have safe travels
literally got the text to go out right after I tweeted it.
But Forreal Justin's voice in #BOYFRIEND is so sexy.
I HATE IT'S ONLY 15min long tho -_____-
-24 this morning, supposed to be a high in the 20's, so a 50 degree swing or more...
T1 It seems like awareness days/months can be useful, but needs to go beyond awareness to action
entirely agree. Dilution and popularity go hand in hand. Re:respect, we asked about respect not popularity. :-)
I would say 'Thanks or the ollow' but my " " key ell o my keyboard.
What a mighty God I serve!!!
“: Too legit to quit, too real to fail.” #SwagLife Follow: &
Yung KING mixtape WE DO THIS coming June 21
dont miss another 500 lot auction tonight~we'd love to have you experience the thrill of our state famous auction!
Death before Dishonor
Sitting outside and smoking has never felt so good.
Thanks fro the RTs and MTs -
RT : Thanks so much, and no problem--'tis an easy mistake to make!
I love your cover for it will rain!!!!!! You did it better than Bruno himself :)
You are always logging for a chance
Good morning San Diego! Zen-Diego would like to offer you a complimentary consult on laser teeth whitening and bleaching.
all that and then some
Kurrgan pins Brent Albright with a sidewalk slam.
= #ABestFriend we are one!
you called the 09 Mr O perfectly
vacation was great!
#AHA2011 NEH Officers will be available to answer q's about grant programs and opportunities all week. Look for the NEH Table!
Glad to see you revived the VA tax check off!
I met her last month at a work event. She's totally worthy of a girl crush.
Hopeful one of these days i put on a video on youtube me singing to decode by paramore
WHIP GAME PROPER! show some cleavage tomorrow at your test!
Not sure yet. I liked his game but he never molded into the #mubb style. Initially recruited by 7 SEC schools, that's my guess
Lawncare_Jobs thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Turds with friends: Playing the popular online game Words With Friends....while going to the bathroom.
Not sure I like the idea of an English language news channel marketed to Hispanics. We get our news just like everyone else...
Every time it rains we think we should say it... So there are a lot of them cumulatively, not so many today.
McCartney moves up on rich musicians list
Text "ZAW" to 79922 to get "Ride Wit Us" from Zawcain on the 106 & Park Countown!! You can also vote at BET.com
Gear up for the holiday season at the parade on Saturday--9:30am in downtown Milwaukee! Also televised live on Fox 6.
sweet dreams xoxo
my Twitter sends messages to people & idk why . It's not true
Companies at Atlanta airport get approval to hire employees without complete background checks
Its way to damn early to be up and at work :/
“: i see you are following some fans.. How about following a fellow UTAHN and a huge fan!? Haha” Of Course!
I want a snuggie
Hey Thomas, just checked out your website - great stuff, man! Good luck with all that you have going on!!
Its km CNN iTunes hydrogen ignorance McDonald McGee
Im not going to magnify my problem im going to magnify my GOD!!
you on for Eric Cooley commentary? 300 words. $300. Due to me 3/12 or 13? Bud
Okay now I got it,one of my connections was hacked and sent me a message about how she had read bad things about me online. U get the ...
spring break[; YEAA!!!!!!
so since we dont have "c" day no more is the lunch still at the same time?
“: I hope for the sake of , the #Caps can force a game 7.” for my photog's sake too (he's the one that has to hear me).
Join us this Fri. 3/23 from 11AM-7PM in the Flagship's Wedding Suite for a special trunk show featuring the bridal artistry of !
people have told us this stuff and it bums me out to think that stuff like that happens and we annoy people.
i wanna #dancedancedance with you <3
Be part of the #5000 tomorrow. Come watch beat NMU to advance to the elite eight!
If I'm trying to give u my business don't keep pushn me to the side expectn me to wait. U ain't the only one wit shit to do
There is a typo in the first paragraph of an Essence online article I tried to read just now. I stopped.
Do you wish there was a holiday to excuse your all-day partying and debaucherous lifestyle? Tomorrow's your dream day. 9 AM start
I want fried chicken!!!
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. Francis Bacon
naw im still mad at her for talking shit on fb
Free ground shipping on all sales over $100.00. Call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 8264
the n word: "that's not who we are, it's a faux framing of ourselves...that's a misrepresentation of who we are" Rice...
oh hahaha me too :D
United Medical Center + Washington Hospital Center= better medical services for our neighbors East of the River. FENTY HAS DELIVERED!
loving the fact that BLINK-182 IS BACK!!!!
Hurry up Tuesday and just let me fail the Biology STAAR already :P
" Life's short but my money long ! "
I'll catch u on the next go round. Hope y'all enjoyed urself's.
MY BIRTHDAY!!
Kuebler has made Girl Scout cookies obsolete
I would kill everyone in the world and leave three survivors for a piece of pie right now
Thanks! I'll be enjoying a few fine wines tonight!
#BeautifulPeopleIFollow Everyone I follow is beautiful!!!! RT If you feel the same way!!!! (Follow Me)
a threat of love;) wink wink
“: haha it's stupid as hell”omg people just post dumb stuff and just start shit I can't take it people now adays lol.
Not in the library, no. I mean. we have a cafe in a different part of the college buildings, but it closes early on Fridays.
's debate in Serra Mesa is at 6:30pm at Taft Middle School, 9191 Gramercy Drive, 92123. Hope to see you there!
I love when bands take their time to talk to their fans example from TMSC I<3 you guys And they are soon coming to Florida:)
†God + Love = Happiness~BAMM.
": Tonight was fun thanks to " your welcome! Love ya' punk
Talladega delivers wrecks after quiet month; Stewart wonders if fans are happy now - Winnipeg Free Press
I've been reminded why I avoid 66 like the plague. Always a nightmare!
I figured out how to increase the contrast on these new monitors. By decreasing the contrast in the menu.
The reason the #BigTen is the best basketball conference is because they have the best coaches.
who wants to do a basement show in haverhill?!
We use Flickr, Pinterest, and may start to use Instagram to document our renovation
wow! users did 22990 minutes of custom online yoga over the last week!
Dont mind at all RT : shared the song shout onto God with my friends on facebook hope u dont mind :-)
Headed over to the Labor Temple to chat with !
A lot of people can't stand touring but to me it's like breathing. I do it because I'm driven to do it. - Bob Dylan
": ": At the court house" Criminal lol"lol is not
Dropping 20 more pounds by August 1.
How the fuck do I take this gel of my nails.. I feel like I'm gonna rip my nail off ;n;
dude, however i get over there, i do not care!
I work smarter, not harder. ;)
We were poor. If I wasn't a boy, I wouldn't have had nothing to play with.
Beautiful day for that. and I love going out there. Unless I'm flipping us over.
Will it be Doomtree, Yellow Ostrich/Lower Dens or EMA tonight in Madison?
Beauty is the shadow of God on the universe.
Casey was due! Wil not mean much unless it is the start of something for him.
Happy Anniversary! :)
Gonna watch some anime before bed. I love Bleach.
Anyone? RT : Need an electric heater that will fit in the toe kick space under a sink base, for a client. Suggestions?
In the morning it looked like a perfect beach day, then in the afternoon out look like a tornado was coming.. Wtf....
In honor of Crush a Can day, we remind you that no matter how you crush that can, please recycle it!
Thanks for the like!
im an awkward person..it's just too much to deal withh
teenagers find the secretive nature of texting very appealing. they can have conversations in front of adults in private.
Committed to delivering an exciting new way to make music!
Hi new friends.
Caveman find pointy stick.
They're just mad that Sonny Boy wasn't honored in the Memorial Day parade.
Singing is the best. Valentine's Day is not. Clearly you missed my fridge note!
RT Cinco de Mayo: In Arizona, on this day each citizen must round up five Mexicans.
that's right
Yes, I'm leaving all my tweets to Twitter elites. They seem depressed. RT Do you have a social media will?
Revelation: God ain't working on you if you ain't working on His Word! John 15:5 Gotta love the Holy Spirit!
yeah you can tell haha and aww:/
I already they knew they were gonna trend! Everytime they come on 106 they trend! Later OMG girlz gonna trend also!
JASON SEGEL HAS A BEAR ONESIE
how do u know this?
Everyone should be expected to be able to do anything.
We are born with minds that empower & nurture the free flow of ideas-through reading, thinking,reflecting,critiquing, listening. Not burning
Yes! Sing Karen!
confounded by a child who loves geometric transformatons. oh genetic roulette, you tricky trickster
thanks for the nice picture :)
arissa, pretty name. i'm ada.. ;) u r really popular on twitter i think. ;)
is he coming to Pgh again?! I missed him last time he was in town!
follow back
Olympia you make me sick.
I'm from Phoenix!
The staff of NK Airplay wishes you and yours a very Happy and Blessed Easter!
Fact: Your lunch will taste better accompanied by a glass of Sangria. WSWB is open 11a-2pm for lunch. Call ahead for pick-up 619.255.2856.
Mandatory vs discretionary spending. Section 2501, CFP, TEFAP, FMNP, beginning farmer mandatory. Even mandatory programs can be gutted!
S/O to my new follower
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 22
That awkward moment when someone deletes their comment on facebook and you look like you’re talking to yourself.
Happy New Year! Today, all Bijoux Blitz features are $7 with many more @ up to 70% OFF! guyandeva.com/shop or contact your Style Advisor.
God hates procrastination! Dont believe me?read matthew 25:14-30Get out there and put your hands on somthing so that God can bless somthing!
thank you!
Weak. Step it up. You can do better.
Plante Moran earned the #37 spot on 's list of "Best 100 Companies to Work For" for the 14th consecutive year....
also a very good idea haha
Feel better :) I don't like seeing people not feeling good. :p
not all the time
future social: augmented reality status over our heads giving deli-line tix to and for those we wish to meet. Ding! Next!
ohh no. I'm scared now. :I lmao how am I supposed I help you with your boredom?
Bryant waited too long to make his move knowing OKC had a foul to give + a key turnover. Mental mistakes.
Looking to save on activities around the city? Follow today!
we have cancelled our subscription b/c you support Rush Limbaugh's programming. my daughters deserve better than your example.
Reduce Admin Costs By 48%. Just 100% online business glory!
I don't say what I said to bash anyone's religion, but I think it helps explain something about their worldview that's important
My 5yr old just found she is not getting paid to go to school, now she wants to not go and get a JOB! She says she needs $$$ 4 toys games..
shit! My bracket's not even listed. Can only mean one thing: I'm in first for last place.
that looks like my photo :) That dessert was amazing!
becuase she is saying sh!t that ain't true
u shud b balance and knw when to b nice or rude
you always have the best answers ;)
No 30 Rock on Hulu Plus means you don't get my money.
i followed!!
When you type in "Let It Snow" on google, snowflakes start falling and cover your screen :O
Thanks to everyone for the sweet words on the #GlutenFree #Vegan apple pies. My next cooking class is going to be on make pie crust.
anthony his his real name
Lol. Yep that was funny! :)
An entire lobby is on a damn 2 bar until the game is almost over then we do a host migration finally keep up the good work smh
oh Girl, NO!!!! 8 Mile is wayy worse than Get Rich! I would rather watch #Dontbetardyforthewedding like its that bad!
In DC Metro this wkend? Homes' Camberley Centennial Collection using interactive touchscreen's elevation/color option features!
if you to take care of the music, it will take care of you
Get Excommunicated from the Holy Roman Catholic Church... add that to the bucket list.
Wow that thunder sounds a bit like it does in Kansas
#AmITheOnlyOneThat waits for the right person to start a real relationship with?
Get an unsweetened iced tea like I do and you won't have to feel guilty ;)
This game right here is pretty embarrassing.
Thanks for the great feedback. We appreciate it!
What's your favorite trend for Fall?
Whoa! The site is down. Hope all is ok!
We're out and about picking up sammies & salads all across #DC to serve to our #homeless community members!
We've had Austin Fire, EMS, Emergency Ops Center, Austin Energy officials on the phone with us all morning long to keep you safe Stay w us!
Lol! RT Awake, coffee'd up and rarin' to go back to bed.
I hear you on that. let me know if you wanna chat sometime....
(slaps you)
I use twitter 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
The Single Life #188 - It Takes Two
OH AND RIDE JERRY SO HARD THAT HE WILL BE TO TIRED TO LET U HAVE A RIDE
I suffer from C.R.S. (Can't Remember Shit)
OMG!!! You murder yesterday's song. This is Juliet's world awesome performance
Well your followers are going to my page jus cuz I'm on ur timeline lol thank you for ur negative support lol
It should be amazing!
Two projects down! I get a lot done when the building is empty.
<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>die bitch. I'm single for life
Getting back this week? or weekend?
my A-town connections
please do something for me justin bieber or answer a follow me plissss twet # beliebercrazy
Good luck! You'll do great!
I think he should go with Synecdoche, NY. Perfect movie to represent the last 20 years in film in the scope of ambition.
Where - why - do you have to move?
Welcome :D
up yo butt.
Oh moon grow bright
Grey and drizzly in Providence.
#GrandMa told me a #story about folks #passing once, Faruq. She wouldn't do it. No, sir.
FAPPING TITTER QUESTIONS!
Last year Minnesota was open for business and Wisconsin was closed. Amazing how things change in one year's time.
teehee I have such a crush on him :3
Fan's might get to see that Laker's vs Heat finals this year.
In the Good times Praise his Name, In the bad Times give the SAME. #Mega Millions
2011 is off to a good start...our most popular strain and a LoDo favorite, Summit County Sweek Skunk is back on the shelves!
follow back ;)
I think mother is lost.
RT : #MacnCheeseMonday means our mac & cheese is $5 in store only. All your favorite flavors! (Limit one per person.)
RT : #teamHEAT Eastern Conference Champs & World Champs
Mekong engagement party went really weird
that's how I feel too
Just discovered #Raphael Saadiq, thanks to #Retrosoul. Very sophisticated! Great beat too, I'll give him an 8.
I miss you grinding and pounding on the opposing D line. No comeback?
I'm slightly embarrassed by how much I like "Payphone."
A part of me died tonight i love you grandpa im so sorry i wasnt there with you
And don't forget our weekday standards still going strong: Mon. nights - Salsa all night w/ Tropicoso! Tues - Urban Open Mic with Skandal!
well then keep doing your dj thing! Cuz ain't no DA salary footing that bill ;-)
Fresh new garb is arriving all week from another fabulous buying trip!
Lace toms should come by Friday YEEEEEEEEEEEE
Feeling thirsty? $1 Bear drafts & bombs TONIGHT.
Maira is a dear friend of mine. I recently told her you two need to talk. Ping her. :-)
we'll be fine, thx. Miss you guys too. Have fun :)
Why isn't there an Emoji with one eyebrow raised?
After last week's #Cardinals game, its gotta be pretty high.
besides you obvi <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
'it's my party and I can cry if I want to'... Which is something I have done every birthday for the past 6 years at least now I can drink!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Well Before?
Hmm. Decision seems to say that #gsu policy was not an effective deterrent to infringement, but regardless very little occurred.
I was just thinking about that.....david stern hates milwaukee we just have to accept that fact
Thank you for the recommendation!! RT : 303 taxi serves the north shore check them out
what about us NON LATINOS????
Hump day...get over it!
savin up my $ buying myself a plan ticket to cabo..going to stay at cascadas de Baja..and swim in the turtle pool,you with me
Hope you are enjoying life in Madison. Hope to get together before too long. Remind that husband of yours.
#DarkShadows can't wait to see it, I have a very profound fascination for vampires since we're both creatures of the night
Shoutout to all SIG leaders serving their peers & helping #ISTE better connect & serve its 20K members. Thank you for your service. Plz RT
They were just there hanging o.o
i was replying to your tweet about it being shocking that i have a twitter. that was from April i think. late response!
But here's a note to some of the contenders: "slob" is never in style.
Um not quite.
A room full of babies nd my head iz about 2 pop if i dont get no heplll......
getting ready for the chicago marathon did all my miles... put in the last two today now all i have to do is eat, sleep, and rest no walking
Surprise level = 0% :)
One of the great movie-to-comic adaptations. And, this edition looks really cool. I pre-ordered mine.
Went 2 my 1st country western concert last night (BlakeShelton). #NAFSA10 . Had BEST TIME w/ Emily & Ryan-- Now I want 2 kick some a** !
I promise it won't be smack talk :) I only do that with hockey hehe..I have a Freetail beer and some Saint Arnold in the fridge
& yes, being the lonley Data Librarian is difficult. Hopefully the person they find will have the sense to share the work around.
Hate tweet: You are a piece of shit ;) x
glam evening - thanks to great artists and grand piano of Yamaha Artist Services and the elegant Rose Bar! Thank you!
I love everything about what just happened
man! Imma be on the road but if I can get back in time I'll def meetup!
After today, no more calls from AG candidates. Woo hoo!
'Sorry! Late again!
Just scored my tix for Bela Fleck & the Flecktones Monday! Cant wait! Im Lovin
We liked :). Look forward to your posts.
In contrast to spending on the poor people.
SOMEDAY I WONNA SEE U JUSTIN AND BE FRIENDS
don't drop the soap.
$5 carpaccio, caviar, lobster tacos, lobster sliders! Happy hour today 4-7, thirsty or hungry come join us!
More Missouri River & following Lewis & Clark today. Bighorn Mtns and the Little Bighorn battlefield. Warriors on both sides fought bravely.
Umm..Singer, Dancer, Doctor, OR Cook!! Can't Chose...(:
"Certain things are very cheap & clearly serve you very well, [like] changing your oil," said George Hoffer via
So glad I'm working today
“: #ImASuckerFor guys who can actually make out. And not lick my face like a dog.” amen! Or bite like they crazy Ugh
Quora is a great network. Think of it like a place where experts talk and answer questions. Sort of replaces the Q&A interview.
today's update is brought to you by thanks to you and your fellow backers we're at 37% of our goal.
Very kind of you to say! Absolutely thrilled for #alayma award winners and honorees!
started a game!
Big homecoming game for Ohio State Saturday..Coach Tressel says Pryor is still his man at QB...what do you think? Let us know this morning.
RT “: Giants- u know u suck when most of ur yardage comes from playing so shitty the other team is penalized for overcelebrating”
Really excited because I can actually fall asleep at a decent time tonight! :D
Timbers vs Montreal at 11am pt. Go Timbers!!!
Tribe time! Suite style with and
You dance better than you fuck
Thanks for follow... In all humility and without reading you yet.. Are you awake to the fake left right paradigm?
"You never see me without my babies "your babies?" "Duh my phone and headphones!"
Yay!!! So excited for summer! Missed out on it last year...
Union Station Ficellenians. You clean us up today. It was a fun day for Pierre!
opening day in Japan?!..Really?!...you guys need to revamp the P.R. Dept. ....asap! Maybe the can give you some pointers!
And we all told you to come along! I owe you a coffee, let's go to Happy soon.
I'm always late anyway. Nothing new for me.
All day, all night.
He said "You always seemed happier away from home with basically strangers."
haha! What is your dog doing??
And we all know how good free players are for Benfica ... (I'm excited, if this goes through.)
Thanks for all the follows! Get involved, visit our website, drop a line and pass it on.We appreciate your support. Our event is approaching
The Big Fan In My House Is On And Im Already Sick --____--
I wanna go back to Manhatten
basketball, football, and rugby players
Um... did you Twitter get hacked or are you just posting some oddball stuff?
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT THE BIGGEST DEBUT IN TOWN TONIGHT!! MESQUITE HALL! ITS GONNA BE A CRAZY NIGHT TONIGHT
now Tyson was a MAN & he took on everybody. Floyd use to be that way but now it's just $$$$
The things people will do for some extra money in their pockets. Sure can take a toll, if you ask me. How would you pay it?
well said my friend.
RT : Had great time at #SDHangover dinner last night. Kudos to for a great event. Agreed!
i knowww i wish it was :D & aw thanks<3
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Got it DVR'ed. Have to watch it tonight. It's our favorite show!
On a 9-hour trip to IL for my sister's baby shower. We made it to Woodbury before my 2 yo niece announced she needed to go potty
Mom is making tilapia, i fucking love that shit! :D
Oh Thank God! How late are you working?
Thank you, I work hard on my blog! :-)
M24 said if your model is bigger than the fraction you can still find the fraction or equivalent. 1/4 of 12 dots = 3 dots
Kevin Gilbride is a genius with those two play calls.
you stop!
big bummer. Wish I was smarter so I could carry the torch.
haha its okay, I like our little gossip sessions :b
Is Doing a rockaraoke event for Microsoft in Bellevue
Should I watch Star Wars or Lord of the Rings? Other suggestions welcome.
waiting for my cell phone to charge up before I go SHOPPING!
...gaiety and life to everything. it is the essence of order, and lends to all that is good and just and beautiful." - plato
WEAC will endorse Falk today in Monona. We can do better. Barrett is a way better candidate statewide despite what bad polling data says.
Only 14% of people trust ads, 90% trust their peers more than marketers
Thanks for coming to #SMCMKE &
aww man! Why NJ? Yuck!
he never does... is always a trip!
coworker: "He's tall, beautiful, and sexy" other coworker: "That's how they get ya"... yeah office pep talks
When the praises go up blessings come down
Also i had a scary dream last night About zombies. was there c:
Well I guess now my jacket will be the best thing I got for Christmas ! :)
At my aunts house.... :p
Today was my working out day. This weekend I didn't hit any clubs, pools, parties, etc. Just taking it easy.
Please explain, not understanding your post
Funny you mention that ;-). No promises when that will be ready but we are actively looking into that as well.
You wouldn't believe what I'd give up just to hug my moms again.
Went to workshop on CCSS last night. Many opportunities for media specialists to plug in. It is imperative that we do!
Working on compositional algorithms in Lua, a programming language that I really enjoy using - terse, but extremely capable.
team peeta all the way
Opening Reception at #alamw12 come visit booth 2321 to enter to win a tree full of puppets!! Only a little time left!
just smelt perfume for the 1st time the other day and I loved it!! Wanted to buy it and of course they were out of stock
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter
The #Redsox lineup today is a joke. Ellsbury batting 2nd? Punto leading off? Youk out?
deep thoughts brought to u by ....
is FATAL LABORATORIES !!!
pain makes people change.
Me to the guy buying pregnancy tests: I bet you wish she sent you for tampons.
Health care attorneys Donna Thiel and Theresa have left Baker Donelson in D.C. to joing King & Spalding.
boo hoo. You skin is as thin as his.
This iced coffee is the only thing calming my nerves right now. Thank you,
Follow for VERY helpful legal info that could be of use someday!
I used to pray for facial hair, now I can't stand it
Thank you so much! We really appreciated your help & support.
RT: Such a great day catching up on life, love, and loins with my darling !
Back in the day, and I marched in 2 of the 's 3 parades. And won grand champion.
Watching the show A Haunting Yikes!
Up late working on the show!
Just got my Zumba on!!! I can get addicted to that!
Doug, you'll never get that GED if you continue to spend all your time making an ass of yourself on Twitter.
please respect one another can ?
Happy birthday !
That's a good idea! Hashtag
what r u doing I wanna kick it nigga
Welcome to our #4profitchat friends. Thanks for joining us this afternoon for a quick chat about career colleges with Kevin Kuzma.
I wanna know my horiscope...can one of my #virgo followers tweet it for me? lol
Metro today
But the fact remains......she teaches! School is ALWAYS in session here. Never a dull moment. She's the crux of passion & pain.
Never go without eating for two days and then eat a lot of Chinese food.
Hang in there Demi. You have millions of people who love you and want to truly see you happy.
thx for the follow!
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
hey there! thank you for the follow. you should also check out , #author of 'Star-Spangled Sailors' out in november!
I want to go back to sleep but I don't want to so
Perfect weather
What am I doing wrong cuz ur loving feel so right?
How about cheese curds and bacon?
sure or protect your account so you have to approve new follows
Appreciated--hugs! Rest your eyes!
Let's get some runs!!!!
The spiders on the wall! REALLY?!?!
Perfect weather for cuddling <3
Yes , my #2012 mantra is something like "toward post-humanism or bust" - comforting to imagine a non-humancentric world.
Karen O can screech in our ears anytime. Also, Ticketmaster owes us eleventy billion dollars.
homemade popcorn chicken
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
“ Hope that all of my followers are havin a good day.”
RT : A3 Huge con of being a consultant is how much time you spend hustling up new gigs, as opposed to doing the work.
thinks the boys she dates in KC are all dumb.
How you telling me what I know!!!
« There is something about a #Scorpio that makes you want to share your secrets with them.»
Daybreak starts in just a few minutes. is on her honeymoon this week, so will have your Saturday AM forecast!
Honored to join last night to see how the full dignity of religious freedom can be restored to the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
I say that, load ME3, look at her, and decide to sit through 15 minutes of ME2 to get to the face code part. Then replay 1.5 hours of ME3.
My son's baby tooth fell out today...
nobody care for you. that why nobody woke you up.
Yup. And the media was allowed to make recordings.
Just saw a cop in Cambridge give a ticket to a cyclist!
Goor Morning! Let's dance the clouds away! Dances from German's "Merrie England" coming up in the 7 am hour! Join me (you can lead!) Laura
Bowling with my favorites!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Having more money than me and paying less taxes (GE, EXXON)
I don't get how anyone can be depressed when music exists. Fucking amazing. #havingamoment lol
I am employed again! A month of being fun-employed is over
hey baby!
is looking for a technical recruiter who specializes in recruiting SharePoint consultants to join the Experis team!!!
RT : Hard work pays off.....
All of this rain has put a damper on my plans to escape to Target! Ugh!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! P
Thanks for the nice review of The Phoenix Apostles, Debra Hamel!
Sweet, hope I get to see you guys! :)
Done with the morning run....feeling great!!!!
june 6 I think it's a wed.
RT : Up next: on what he thinks the US and President #Obama should do about #Syria //Who cares?
great research! now I know where to travel
RYAN IS OUR ELT !<33 tweet it guys!(:
I love too see old couples get back together ( :
very good. Lots percolating. ;D
What would you tell a new international resident to the Metro Region about Thanksgiving and the food?
we should all be thankful. That's the beauty of USA. Let us help one another, rich, poor, black, white, yellow, Democrat, (con't)
Analysis: Dissident&#39;s case poses diplomatic test for U.S. and China
These people are so annoying -_-
did start yet? Almost there
Thanks, Nana! Hope you had a GREAT Thanksgiving!
Today Is World #Autism Awareness Day. Light It Up
U yeah u! Yeah! Ur freakin' beautiful ! And I mean it
hey can i get a ride to practice 2maro??
u look pimp in ur fb default
my sister got her ipod stolen at the competition and my aunt goes "oh i feel for her poor thing" if it was me i would have gotten a lecture
LOL THE GUY IN THE CAR NEXT TO US PICKED HIS EAR AND SNIFFED IT EW WTH HAHAHA
Determined to make today the best it can be.
I love your video :D Make more XD
Two things you don't mess with. My men and my food. Either one I'll have to cut yo fuckin ass.
Come over and let's make love.
Grades just came in so not only am I talented I am pretty Smart! Lets go Degree in two years master of music in 3 and legend in time! :)
Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
I have fifteen cases of Smart Water in my car (long story). It's 96 degrees. If I drive by a homeless person, I'm giving them one.
Looks Like We're Gonna Go See Them Then :-)“: nah it should be all ages!!!”
Thank you for checking on disrespect of not using the title "President" when referring to POTUS Obama.
Thanks, Megan. Feeling the effects of #1, so how 'bout the first round's on me when we finally meet up!
Hey - love what you guys do! If you ever need a fitness expert, let me know
Im bored..Yupp
May Mystery Project at Raterbug has officially started , volunteers ck ur emails for details! RT
You know it's early when you haven't slept and you get the HeyAstro email at 6am
Back to work.
After a visit to the beach, it's hard to believe that we live in a material world
I wish I was in Hawaii with you guys!
I wish they printed the date on clothing tags so I'd know how long I've been holding on to this stuff.
Will someone please remind me that this isn't a Monday in disguise???
thanks for the follow. check your inbox tonight ill send some your way.
LISTENER SHOUTOUT: To from Sharon, MA for his excellent future in music!! Go give him a follow if you want!
I have videos of him making weird faces & sounds from when he was little. Too funny!
I don't like that
are now playing live on tblms on
RT Some days just do not work. Accept it and move on. Don't let it derail you. *wise words from Lou*
u can't drive
OMG ME AND just saw the hunger games!!!
Currently watching the GOP debate. Wild times!
I totally just tried to RT you a joke about the Ravens all cool-like but turns out it was too long. Fail. But hi anyway!!
You cannot escape reality's trials with a simple prayer!
A sad day. Pat Summitt no longer the head coach at Tennessee. Job title is now head coach emeritus. Holly Warlick named head coach.
Welcome aboard! DOJ has asked a federal judge to compel incoming J&J CEO Alex Gorsky to undergo questioning regarding J&J paying kickbacks.
You're quite welcome, ! Looking forward to the event with you and
I'm lovin me some uber twitter!
US Airways Connects Cincinnati and Des Moines with Washington, D.C.&#39;s Reagan National Airport
if the pollen count at sunset is not at a million then I'm going to come out with the ladybugs. Eden was up all pm coughing
There's one cry from green Rachel! We only need two more in the final hour to reach the over.
my menu for Parent Night does NOT include the ubiquitous pink bouncable sausage, no...just homemade burgers and veggie burgers
shooting star.
I'm 99.9% sure after this game, Omer is going to pass out on the floor.
The early bird may get the worm, but the second rat gets the cheese.
hi.do u honestly think pretty?
"Love all, trust few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare
why are you going?
Cool deal!
I think after I shoot & then , I wanna do a boxing film.
Today is not my day but I'm not gone let the negativity get to me. Ima keep smiling :)
Hi! We're having a Sale on the organic products we have at the salon: Erbaorganics, Lavera, Yes Baby, and Lil Product:)
potter is having women problems so u gotta look over him
Today is National Cleavage day... It's days like today that are proof the terrorist haven't won.
follow back!
3... Guys that have hazel eyes <3
let's hit the ball y'all
Beauty is in the eye of the creditcard holder.
you're a devil.
Cleaning the carpets in the house today. So any future visitor's #ShoesOff at the door
yeah I just realized that...
Apparently stealing home is a big deal... Wouldn't know my religion doesn't allow me to watch the Phillies.
are u starting work already?
your mom<3
Happy Sunday and Happy Easter! "I am the resurrection and the life." - John 11:25
the pillows weren't worth 3,5 hours of waiting, Noodles (the band) was ok. My steak was the best part of the evening - absolutely perfect!.
MEXICO NEEDS YOU PLEASE COME YU MEXICO
if that's what you call it. I call it redneck. Hahaha
your grommets are OUT OF LINE!
Just read something that fucking crushed me and made me feel more alone than ever. Cool right?
I am just checking up on some of my favorite performers and #losecontrol. They make me happy!
Live daringly, boldly, fearlessly. Taste the relish to be found in competition - in having put forth the best within you. -Henry J. Kaiser
Evidently in other countries, it is pretty common to breast feed much older. I learned this the uncomfortable way in Vegas
You know you can have our Chinese tweets sent to your phone as a text? Visit our profile and click the cell phone button next to follow!
Seems like we always cry the hardest over those who don't deserve our tears..
You know I love you, right?
Thanks for outing my negligence!! haha. You better not have eaten my favorite sleeping chair.
cotto in a unanimous decision
There's a heatwave in March and you have a Dundee Variety Pack. What do you drink? Pilsner, Pale Bock Lager, Stout, or IPA?
Yo man, Koontown's gonna be headed your way in August for Onyxcon. Just thought you should know.
Create A beverage centers everywhere media rm, patio bars, pool clubhouses. Just completed a job where we took out living rm put in
I am so confused:(
this nigga funny
Somebody must be EXTREMELY bored!
“: I'll probably get a raise.” Hope so.
I want to be the girl guys double take for. Instead I wear hoodies & trackies & I don't know how to apply make up. I'm 'one of the guys'
#GrandpaFred Whats more is macramé is all right with me.
Drinkin wit my niggaz wil I ever get to see anther sober Saturday agin hmm prolly not ha
Wherever you are at #aao11, you're within 5 feet of a QR code. They're taking over!
Someday someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else.
yay ungrounded!!! nd got new furniture and a new tv
Having ABBA's The Piper stuck in your head is a special kind of hell.
You have no idea how happy the news of wet hops makes me. Where and when can I get some?
That awkward moment when you being friendly and someone thinks your trying to get in there pants, Listen I am classy it takes more than that
omg we're so lame but I love it
I have one vote to cast and one voice to speak out. I can only exercise the rights I have, fight what I can fight
you welcome.
Looks like it's going to be a Braised Short Rib Stroganoff Night at Fresh for SRW
Do you think the moose was just doing laps for exercise? Maybe trying to bulk up the skinny legs?
Can't wait for Football Season!!
If you love your life follow us! If you want to #manifest good graciously into your life follow us! Lets change the world #dreams are real!
Cool ass light up watch
hm,,i wonder how long it takes for that nw relationship to stop being awkward..i wanna ffeel sparks.
In the past 3 summers, we have reached an audience of 8 MILLION - both locally and nationally. Be a part of the excitement and sponsor us!
I'm not here today
WHAT?? are you going to have to do stuff the whole time
Great ideas!
or maybe when you come to LA I can take you on a date? ^.^
Cool! Me, too!
Of course ;)
Good luck!
Man I tryin to fuck on some wet ass pussy right now!! Lol
Holla at me.
Best of luck.
<U+2665><U+2665>Yay! Mom let me stay home from church! I couldnt fall back asleep so Im awake... For now... 0.o<U+2665><U+2665>
Launch! Delivered a link to our beta to our first customer yesterday. We're looking forward to a busy summer of deploying Geedra on a numbe…
i miss you to sister
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. ~Berthold Auerbach
hope you enjoy our music :)
Tango Connection: The Mariela Franganillo Company 4/14 ticket winner is TRISHA LOGAN CORDOVA! Congrats! More tkts given away this week!
It sounds like it will be back next week. I'm thinking it's something that's going on with him-show can't happen if he's sick, etc.
nice talking to you! Happy to provide you info - just email me with questions.
I am so jealous of your reunion! Have fun!
EpicureanGroup hiring staff for p/t delivery & other catering staff positions. Eat great food & make $$! Dependable & professional please!
Ravens took Upshaw
#wheniwas13 I had more of a social life than I do now, but I sacrifice that for countless hours on a bike, and I'm okay with that..
You've got to be kidding me
Crying all day, really does make you tired.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
lol you should draw my character lol
It is SO cold in my office. I can't even concentrate.
March 13th 10:15 at Buffalo Lounge and Friday 230 at Beale St. Tavern . More in the works .
There is a shirtless man with long chest & back hair holding a baby. The baby is pulling on the hair. This looks like a felony.
Spending this yucky rainy day on the couch watching the Yankees ST game! :)
#SlanderCJWatson, #IgnorantNews, LL Cool J/Old Head Song of the Day & Alex from in studio! All on the Morning Show! 8am!
aw your really sweet!!!
It gets to be nighttime real fast these days.
darn, the first of a block that starts at 5pm … wouldn't be able to make it after work. hope there's a good turn out
Tx for coming guys! Great smoothies!RT : great times!!
Hollywood swinging
Yes fall weather is here! We're excited for the slight seasons change :)
Hope you received the samples - would love to know what you think of them! Please let us know at
AMEN to that!! Y'all have fun today and #GoBigBlue!!!
Best of luck !
Duplicating & Printing CDs today for famous Nashville guitar teacher Rob Jackson. Also, mastering Tal Klein's newest single & remixes.
Your home?
3D Blast Member Cards Coming Soon. Get discounts on Admission or Drinks where ever Blast is sold. Yeah Buddy!
Whoever forgot to tell me that was on twitter must surrender their #Dundies immediately.
Good morning my peoples
No It doesnt work
diigo: on-line annotation tool. Twitter and tumblr.
We have great options for flights, hotels, cruises and transportation. How can we be #AtYourService?
Don't forget, Mother's Day is fast approaching, treat a mother in your life to one of our gift cards!
Excellent!! Where was the meeting? I sure wish I could easily, quickly & cheaply skip over to NS to partake in such things.
- Is this deja vu from June of this year? Hope not! That length of down time is simply not acceptable.
All I wanna do is watch American Bandstand.
well about to go home and do my mama hair then mine! Got church at 6. And don't forget what iSaid
There are 400,000 REGISTERED CHILD SEX OFFENDERS, 80 - 100,000 are UNACCOUNTED for... AND WE WONDER WHY OUR KIDS ARE BEING ABDUCTED?
oh prob bc theres no loserville players out there.....
Unlike the chosen one I absolutely would have voted for #AffordableCareAct in in congress bcuz I have back!
going to friends house
Show no mercy. Open your eyes.
I would like to thank my ancestors and Fortune that I have no allergies.
Hi Romeo this is one of your biggest fans. Hope you had a good Christmas. I hope to really meet you soon. Always believe in you
Who cares if it's raining.....I'm in the hot tub......I'm already wet.
lol am not :P
Cheers to that! Nice work.
Would you buy beer that didn't have a label? Just a brown bottle with a white label with a black question mark on it.
I just want tomorrow to be already over!
Heading to Frys to buy food for the hungry Drobo.
I'm completely delirious right now. I should probably step away from the computer before I get myself into trouble!
y do u need this right now? What's wrong?
Good Morning everyone!!! We have a great show planned for today. See you soon!
Rise & Grind - the beginning of the domination begins!
still early n the West coast
This is one of those moments in my life that I will never forget.
We're going to a blues show in Santa Monica after. Definitely meet up!!!
Ha! Rack rack city. And yes, super awkward...
Live from Chicago im Global Tho.
wow you stopped following me:(
Happy Birthday Mr. President George Washington!
Jean-Luc Pasquet Noble de Grande Champagne cognac while vegging out to Jersey Shore
Finger wants wingy!
It almost seems like junior level coldfusion jobs don't exist
i see no reason to open up to you. At all.
I totally would anything for a friend :)
Have you tried our lamb?
WORD?!....DAS WUSSUP ...SHIT....YA NEED TO START VIDEO'NIT SO I CAN WATCH AND LEARN SHIT ....
hate nj
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week's website is now up. You can submit applications for events. Follow to stay updated.
Going to How to Train your Dragon tomorrow.… Or marriage guidance counseling as the wife calls it.
We'll third that RT : Right? Bizzare. RT : #indieview am I the only one who doesn't feel the pull and tug of Pinterest?
Damn oomfs got a baby on the way and he don't even ain't like it!
What?! So sad! Louis Vuitton burns their unsold merchandise so it won't be sold at a discount.
You're awesome! :-)
The last 6 people I saw walk up to the buffet just prevented me from getting seconds.
Life conversations with >>>
2012 the year of Microsoft? "In today's tech business, companies have many chances to make a first impression" by slate.me/xdKe7U
At the NTFB Empty Bowls event... can't wait to pick out my bowl!!
the instant bed is completely over whelming I can't handle that shit
Sometimes it's better to be clueless about what's happening around you, than to know every bit of info that would silently kill you...nite!
#FIBC BAGS FOR SALE! NEW & USED, PLUS #GAYLORD #BOXES TOO! CALL FOR PRICES TODAY 561-721-3400
What a treat + all-around cool thing (clean house)...so great to see your tweets about life and what you're doing with it.
I love those embarassing moment articles in magazines c:
Most people know China, Japan and India (among others) are huge tea consumers. But did you do 62% of Russians choose tea over coffee?
Over 10 yrs, Santa Monica has passed at least 3 ordinances against the charitable giving of food.
I love alliteration
yes! I love that show I'm so happy you told me that
At kroger cold af
My office is in #NOLA, but thank you so muchRT : if you have an office in #Omaha I will push later filers your way.
gotta turn it around lol could be Ladies, Laundry, Liquor...lol the L is endless lol
I was evidentially almost assured of favor, but understood my significance thereof
Using Google Docs for faculty agenda is example of using new tools for obsolete meetings.
Your eyes look beautiful in that picture.
I also noticed you wanted some fro yo...
nah but for real call me sometime
Religion Briefs For April 27 - SouthtownStar
we love Call of the Wild for daycare and they now offer boarding, I think. We've also used Stay and they were good.
If I was offered a superpower I couldn't care less about reading all of your minds, I just wish I could decode my own.
You're way too young to be broken. You're way to fall apart.
I received a glamour shot of my car in the mail today...taken by a robot. How cool is that? Racing Weekly will be calling soon...
RT : unfollowing me is illegal in all 50 states and puerto rico
for realz! And you told me the good places to go!
can i get a shout please
Wrote a KIIILLLER song with Leslie Ellis today... we'll finish it soon; can't wait to get this one out there.
Have fun.
you need to come check out one of our shows then ;)
I miss Peter Windsor. Not saying anything bad about Will, just Pete was a class act & knew his stuff
This tweet and you are amazing RT : Just a casual afternoon in district 12
twitter wont let me tweet until now! >:(
thank you~
finally in the home stretch on this masters degree - yeeahhh!
#RSFans Arcade Fire, Kings of Leon & Pearl Jam
That awkward feeling when you get a one word text.
if this is what I think it is I'm not coming in.
haha wow, that's a lot. Hopefully you didn't have to peel them by yourself. I believe I used six...
I can watch that HYFR video 100 times and still laugh at Drake's dance moves in the beginning lmaoooooo
first thing I noticed. Very strange. It looks like a 2 on 2
"a nation deprived of liberty may win it, a nation divided may reunite, but a nation whose natural resources are destroyed..."
Great hearing random cars in traffic tuned into on I-95 south... Kudos
bro! just tweet the damn boy!
Working emergency tonight And tomorrow.. Wish I was at home playing
that was actually really funny, tbh. hahahahah
Thank you for the updates, you guys.
Your community is doing really cool things; Leverage relationships to keep up & deliver what they want, when they want it?
Do you know how to get a head start on the competition and preview all the new listings before they do?
I am so grateful for a new day - its another chance to get it right. Everyday is wonderful if that is what you want!!
Very cool vid.
Followers, how did you feel about Guilty Crown, the love it or hate it show to drop every week? I personally found it to be pretty good.
Don't get caught up in the nonsense... Be who you are supposed to be.
Lawmakers ready moratorium, study of specialty license plates after gay group targeted
omg, you guys are too much.
Don't get cute w/ Matt Kemp on 0-2 He's going to take you deep past the 400 mark if you put it over the plate. Now Ethier HR!
I had to miss my annual packers game due to my mom having surgery. It would be amazing to see a playoff game at lambeau!
Q6 Good question. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again?
Back at you - looking forward to getting to know you too! Have a great weekend!
I preciate it cuz ill keep it touch wit u
Forreal.. don't interrupt.. RUDE. ~Magggs(:
#stupidquestions can another author undo what Hixie did by writing <time> back in?
However did you find me on FB?! Other than the fact that you also appear to be Man Ray, back to haunt us all
Yeah, it's a bitch when you cross up your Twitter accounts.
His dailies are amazing, I'm getting a few of his stills framed.
you got that good stuff.
I live by the adage; Never Pay For A Pen.
Walking home from the capitol was a mistake. Never again.
haha new category name!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 5
Agreed! MT Karen Mok thinks that MO_HKG is her fav place 4 tea & that she always feels it’s a ‘home away from home’
P.O.'d Pissed Off you moron
Chasing Fireflies by Charles Martin. RT : What are you reading today, early crowd?
Teacher is having too much fun with paint right noww
Church was seriously so sad.
Who actually wants this stuff?
if da shoe fit wear that mufucka
They will!
love that song! Drake - We'll Be Fine <3
Who are we kidding? We always have #VIPstatus. I have my golf lesson today, so by Sunday I should have my #golfswag on.
Mentions = Dead
they will go for naps now
hahaha no. i don't think so.
Darn I'm out of shape
I can't find your original quotation from Tagore, so I'm lost in the tweet-o-verse... but I'd say "unpracticied"; it's human.
I'm sure there's some 16 year old out there trying to figure out a way to make the muffler on his Prius louder.
R.I.P. WHITNEY HOUSTON
Guys look up Andrew Constancio. Doesn't he look like Alex!? :D
cooked what /
good morning c.b!
“:“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.”- Dr. Seuss”
What an evening of debauchery. Come say "hi" tonight Metropolitan Bar in Williamsburg as I judge a drag pageant. Then off to Bar 13 in NYC!
Guess what? Monday's the day we start turning off the wi-fi between 11:00 AM and 2:00 PM. We love our laptop pals, but need lunch seating.
When I see a big piece of styrofoam with compartments, I'm reminded of the days when that would've made a sweet base for a GI Joe war.
Need sum snack meijer here I come...
hm sure
Ah yes!! It's so creepy looking!! But hopefully in the end it will look better than it has the past 20 years hahahah
Are you on vacation? Or following the #TrophyTour?
Lol....he wants to go to my house....uhm. I NEVER TALKED TO HIMIN FOREVER THEN SUDDENLY HE TEXTS ME. WTHE.
I probably should be going to bed ... but my #buckeyes are on!
GREAT WIN GUYS
Why is there a message on my YT homepage that says 'I call shenanigans'? I'm confused..
": What kind of person doesn't like ranch? : " what kind if "person" doesn't like Bacon?
How do you hate levels by avicii?
Hmm. Very high concentration of Western Governors Univ students in FL and GA. Curious.
You mean grief and rage at Hamas cowards using children as shields!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sucks when I
on second thought, i think you should name your project "easy spirit".
#FF and breathe hard-working women writers:
That's the machine. "Rock the boat!" "How big was it?"
At the halfway point at #100innings, its Team Lembo 46, Team Rudy 30. Just 50 innings to go.
a ducking relaxer, trim and style!!! never again.
Full house for #justfilms -supported #DETROPIA premiere. Great buzz in the room at
thinks the Harley Davidson Museum exhibits and the Motor Restaurant are perfectly wheelchair accessible!
understanding power equality
Deliberately avoiding turntable.fm. I don't have the time for productive things let alone that.
New Icon thanks! !:)xx
you go girl. but seriously, that's impressive
counting down the day...can't wait to see on the Made In Detroit stage.
Same Day Hot Foil Business Card Printing available at NYC Printing 123!!! Think out of the box. Affordable yet High quality printing...
Hey u
Step it up bro! Lol...they Still got Red, Hot and Blue out there on Academy?
With you all the way on that one.
ok bye take care :) i'll miss u..i love u too so much <3 have a nice day :D
you, too! love #FF for finding new and interesting companies!
My family talk all loud for no reason when there literally less than a foot away from each other -___-
Hanging out at the
that's what I'm saying get me!
Goinqqq to #GGC in the fall :)
With the 30th overall selection in the #2012F2Amockdraft the #49ers w/ select Janoris Jenkins CB Alabama
”Pay attention to the whispers so we won’t have to listen to the screams.”~Cherokee Proverb
It cud've been easy for us. I cud've loved u harder than any1 else could ever imagine. Here's to wrong choices & a life of regret, my love.
#ThirstyThursday cheers! Following.. RT We have a new Twitter family member. In NEW YORK! Welcome, welcome !!
great post..
oh wow. That's gay. There's a couple that are like 2 months ahead but no one knows that they're a couple. Lol
Love it! My #twitter friends showing in numbers this week! Keep it going! & , you too!
Vehicle Health Report shows you vehicle diagnostics, scheduled maintenance and recall information, and lets you schedule service online
thank you :-)
awesome or foolish, next time pls tweetpic that shit
wow. She's so damn cute
Eat to please thyself, but dress to please others.
hen you've reached the deepest point, than it can only get better.
Minnesota Vikings: 10 Biggest Mistakes in Draft History
my lil homie don't smoke, he asked what should he do on 4/20..easy, fuck with your smoking friends. only answer them in worried whispers.
The most level-headed Huntsman
How are you spending your Saturday #Indy?
Just told he needs to connect with you. Told him the story you gave at #smacsrit, and he needs to know more.
Disney is great at creating unrealistic standards for both genders.
omg zayns face during his high notes
Not enough snow at Killington to ski this weekend.
Just got back from HIDE! & go seek tag with like 5 others.
sometimes when i see ugly people i have to look at pictures of myself to reassure myself im not THAT UGLY
So I have the most amazing girlfriend in the world annddd she is all mine because im not sharing! (:
Agh! You can't do thato us and not TELL! Grinning for you!!
FORGIVE MY IGNORANCE. EDUCATE ME, MOMMA
And the debate begins... Blackberry or iPhone?
I don't want to worry about my girlfriend talking to other guys and shit. Relationships are too stressful.
Hi everybody! Guess who's FINALLY 14? -Shariah
which purr?
Happy belated birthday!!! My bday gift to you is waiting to finish Sherlock when you do.
Awesome to start the day hearing about the wonderful things that chef Ricardo and Ron from Alchemy are doing to teach kids to cook!
Grumpy and sick is my favorite outfit.
Missed the NY countdown again.
thanks...been meaning to read the paper the media report is based on, hopefully soon. Bad news for those trying 2make science sexy
Brown eyed boy
Bitch I'm a bad boy you can't tame me !!
Someone play halo 3 with me..
Squirt. Squirt. Squirt. That's better
Junior seau dies,a future hall of famer,god blesshis family and god rest his soul..MUCH lOVE
Prepping for the new week. Let's see what it has to offer.
lmaoo that's us
nice to be back in the studio today in bushwick, recorded a few new compositions of mine...& eclectic gig w/Dane-vox was on time last night
People with no sense of humor are the one's living a life full of STRESS.
RT : If you are in any type of SUV and you drive around speed bumps you are probably a pussy in real life.
#MyLifeSucks When will , & Follow me .
The house is a disaster, but we have Ella Fitzgerald in rotation. So bring on the guests.
i would watch the ABDC reruns but i can't find the remote and i don't want to get out of my bed...
“: great article...OPS guys have it hard. thank you for posting that my man” AMEN
Changing the playlist to Beastie Boys.
OMG It's all there! They're amazing. Such beautiful, perfect pieces of design (and totally foresaw the future)...
Ha! RT : I need that Willy Wonka ass cream.
anytime! Be not weary in your well doing, in due season you will reap if you faint not! Love ya!
I just seen some dirty bastard pick up a hooker lol
thousand times, radioactive :)
Great #uwebc meeting coming up on 12/8: Companies talking about best promotional strategies across channels
Watching the fight at home this evening go Mayweather...
Instant #goosebumps when a dad shakes ur hand & tells u how grateful he is 2 be near his son & 2 call us his "home". That just happened :)
It's Paul George's fault, really. Shouldn't be having two first names. Whitlock gets a pass...
Buddha sounds materialistic . Something is lost in translation //“: All that we are is the result of what we have "Buddha"”
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. —° Lao Tzu
I'm ready for another #great #day!! :)
...the tweet party in my pants?
and Josh singing "This Love" is getting me pumped! Love this song!
I KNOW/Suspect that EVERYBODY knows this by now...i AM SLOW for twitter standards....need more 'hands'/feet/eyes..ha ha. plus of course a
At #TheCup key lime cupcake and salted Caramel cupcake oh so yummy.
Sure I don't like Fanny Pak as much as others crews, but I'm not saying they are not good dancers. I still respect them for dancing good ok.
#ICanHonestlySay that I really hate homework
A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears. ~ Woodrow Wyatt
Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them. - P.J. O'Rourke
It isn't where you came from, its where you're going that counts. - Ella Fitzgerald
Just ran 12 miles. Now, someone please kindly deliver mimosas to me on my couch.
NERD ALERT
#AdworkersTrivia! RT : Representing #CK at Trivia Night tonight with Let's do this.
The new projects cover Arapesh languages, the 1948 Arab-Israeli war, and dev. philosophic arguments (no, you can't buy an argument)
Umps are terrible tonight. Awful calls going against both teams.
welcome to Twitter!
RT A no-nonsense approach is favored and too much verbalizing or complex fantasizing is not a #Taurus trait.
Happy Leap Day! We'll be adding 30-40 great entertainment apps to Mynd each week leading up to the Discovery Engine release. CU Inside!
Last day of regular school! ;). Next week finals go to school do your test and leave
"Beer for SURE soon." HAHA. Perhaps I don't need another.
Got some great shots of #Braddock, PA, including the US Steel plant and some old buildings. What a great place!
I didn't tweet all day.
think like a man was funny as hell!
Getting ready for work.... Later twitter
answer my question and I will. Also what was shameful abt the post you referenced?
New Songs Droppin ASAP!!! #LAURENANDLARAIN AND
I can't wait to see Katatonia and Opeth in PIttsburgh on October 31! Hope all is well with you.
Bed at 820.
we loved last night. Superb performances! @
6 Lessons in Successful Social Media Use -- quick n' easy tips via &
Interior design project. fml.
He's dead!
I wanna go mini golfing.
Domenech: we're frustrated. 4 n's: NCLB, no reauth. No reg. Relief, no money.
thanks and what about you? Single? Kids? He is ok
Thanks for the RT! you're the best!
thanks girl lol :-)
I love fantasy football..but I hate fantasy football players.
Just when I thought I had extra cash, you go and launch a sale. Well played
oh ok never mind, figured negative on both sides meant something was not right
Good am. Fun day ahead, vac day fr work, bike ride 1st, then heading to Long Beach Grand Prix
hanging with blue eyes. yyyeh:)
let's celebrate soon please!
I didn't Want to wake up:/ ugh.
Thanks u 4 Hazel's prayers I felt the angels being dispatched&her healing taking place. God is good.
I love when my mom and tias all get together. My grandpa gets mad cause they talk too much! :)
clear communication is key.
sorry for the late response man. we were locked out of our twiter account for some reason!
If I'm aggravating you, unfollow me.
Got these burgers cooking right now. Man, I can't wait til the summer gets here.
thanks Tracy! Ruth is a great lady,
that makes sense. We are seemingly always in the market for a quick fix: Jefferson, Jackson, Maggette to avoid blowing it up.
I'll take him!
I don't work out though. I want to. Thats why I asked haha
Let's go Hawks!!!
Man! Ohio, make up your mind... It's Spring. It's Winter. It's Hot. It's Cold. It's FREEZING! ... and that was just today!
maybe a follow back lol
should've known Rancho Bravo would not survive SEATTLE SNOW-POCALYPSE 2010.
that moment when someone's your first priority but you're not even there second...
Crescent knew the word C A R R O T... we had to call them "orange pointy things" :) Calvin knows the word H U N G R Y = food!
Esopus wants estate owner to stop wedding reception ads until town gives OK
lmao no, the chicken is under it
Does LED tube need ballast? No. It saves cost and energy on ballast.
Happy Birthday #CharlesDickens!
It gets even more confusing when were talking Menomonie vs Menomonee... Sauk City vs Saukville... Waupaca vs Waupun...
Doesnt offer what? Anything we can do to help?
RT : Thank you, sir < my pleasure
Happy 420 idon't smoke but hope My fellow smokers have a great day hehee !
I love buffalo chicken pizza.
did a while ago. Want me to post it again?
come mingle I'm here
Can't be official - there's no kazoos!
Prologue for me.
I really wish the pool was clean...
haha O. jeez
Cooling water from grandmas well.
#cjsmLaw firms and social media The way to get more followers is to be of great value to your current followers
are you familiar with nassim haramein and his theory of the schwarzschild proton? if so, what are your thoughts?
#SpriteSlam Evans Twice as nice!
S/O to all the folks supporting #Scandal right now. It it's more important than you know and paving the way for talented actors and writers
Boys complaining about these girls fuck that drama ! & best believe if you send me a pic i'ma post that shit on #twitter . Ha
Crying uncontrollably
I'm just saying...we've been using it for a lot longer than what is considered "new"
i think tonight im going to step outside my box and actually enjoy myself
The Brewers today extend the contracts of GM Doug Melvin (through 2015) and manager Ron Roenicke (through 2014, club option for 2015)
she kno how to do it
I Hate My Face.... LOL nice trending topic
it was beautiful
Trying to study at Anondyne with Bayview's knitting society talking about bitch slapping people behind you, is pretty friggin pointless!
and when i saw Brad, i said hi and i asked if he remembered me, he said he did! :p i hope he doesnt just say that x)
The Baha Men were damn near tight lol
Wings are hot.
Why thank you, darlin'!
Do what you love and the money will follow - Marsha Sinetar #success *Love amplifies everything*
Just finished our first of two sets at peaches in yellow springs, about to watch play some whack formal
#CV city manager saying executive compensation has been cut by 25% already.
Double date con ;)
Thank you!!
You're mine<3
Awww poor Ness! She's a bad ass for trying though!
Thanks for the shout - out! Pretty dope! Also check out our facebook & Tumblr!! elephilms.tumblr.com & facebook.com/elephilms
With the amount of stress I put on myself I'm convinced my first heart attack will come in my 30s
told myself the same thing. well dudes*. too stressful.
Zorro = Black Mamba
Sales of #kiddori has been picking up on Windows Phone the last few days. :-) I really appreciate it. I'm hoping #iPhone sales will match.
When I start thinking anything is possible, I become quite remarkable. When I believe in myself, I have the first secret of success.
that would be so nice
Sure. Let me know what you need from me.
#followfriday just for sharing so many!
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
#icloud is dead.
Going to bed because there's nothing else to do.
Any suggestions for strep throat??? PLEASE! I got asked out by three guys today lol
ugh why doesn't he follow people back -.-
BONES comes on. Changes channel.
Clueless made me fall in love with Paul Rudd...still in love
I believe the better half of the students decided against it. Considering they were going to pull the funds for D-1 from tuition.
#Sting tomorrow at 8pm at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium (also performing Saturday at 8pm)
F**king Windows f**king piece of s**t operating system!!!
Follow NOW
And once again I'm not invited?!
If I went on a rant on Facebook, I would have been shot. On here, everybody is chill.
1st ounce sale today gets an 1/8 for free. Mention Facebook
I just can't stop listening to Judge Jerrod & The Hung Jury by Jerrod Niemann!
Another great Spring (Break) Seminar! Thanks, & colleagues. I am going to bed!
Those are some great Chicago picks!
Today was such a great day:)
I wanna go deep sea fishing <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
My sister got me a shirt for Christmas. That's love.
Awkward....awkward.....awkward....
I got Finals coming up in two days I know I am ready for this!
Fantastic meet and greet last night with producers, directors, actors, and many others in the industry!
getting out of school a week earlier gave me another idea #sixflags <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
promises promises
I wanna burn one with #oomf tomorrow
Varmus: Open Access is immediate worldwide access with re-use with attribution.
same to you!
Maybe next season we can cut to the chase and paint the roof of the Space Needle "Tacky No-Taste Teal".
ok wat is going on like 4 realy who is haley and wat up with the iconic boyz ???? some one explian
Alright, who's Pre-Ordering?
Can you master/slave ipads for a powerpoint presentation? Would put projector business outta business.
aww ok! Well, enjoy Austin for me!! :-)
Ur so sweet! How are you? RT : #WW Must Follows:
20 And Adah mothered Jabal who initiated the pastoral life.
Of course, 180 has gotten me thru countless rides on the subway. Makes the time fly and helps me avoid eye-contact!
Handbells at church sound so great!!;P HE>i John 3:30
Hey, remember how great Kordell Stewart looked with the Steelers? Gailey can make bad look ok
After some long struggles, we finally have internet at home. Phew...
Does anyone know if Any of the JIRA apps for iPhone are any good?
John Lennon's aunt Mimi- "That guitar is okay but you'll never make a living with it"
hey what's up?
How I view dogs: German Shepherd, Golden Retriever, Poodle, Bulldog, Labrador... How I view cats: Cat, cat, cat, cat...
OH MY and how could I forget it's #PPL day!!! Yayyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
My tl full a people goin H.A.M on dem thomians
The few. The proud. The 90's kids
WordaboveWater is movin up wat a rehersal great work this album is gonna be crazy
the new dashboard should let us have more than 100 friends bro once it comes out
you're so perfect. K? K!
messing around with custom roles, capabilities, and UI trimming in my library cms dev setup. fun stuff for a friday afternoon.
BREAKING: Mark Sanchez and Tim Tebow to mud wrestle Week 3 of the preseason to determine QB 1.
Im ready for Green and Gold Today with and I think there is something worng with the live stream tho.
that was perfect
i'll bring you a shirt!
>50% of US babies now non-white. Hope GOP continues with head in sand on that fact indefinitely.
I have no clue I'm heading home now but my dad is wanting me to work in the yard
#latin quote of the day - Oedipus oculis se privavit. - "Oedipus deprived himself of his eyes."
They also have tater tots. SO YUMZ!
face down knees to da grown bend it ova bust it open get fuck like you ugly....
Trying out for talent show tomorrow . Singing How To Love . Hope I make it!!(: Wish me luck!!(:
The concerts last week helped my soul. I had missed live music.
- In the $1 bins! Can you believe it?!
I'm a personal trainer and athlete, ain't nothing wrong with a Lil free advise ya know ;-).
yep, found it. responded. /cc
Is it right to think that, if you want to be followed, you have to follow first? Have a blessed weekend everyone.
I'm not mean, you just don't deserve my kindness.
Sometimes we get so focused on the end point (sale) we forget that customers take a journey to achieve that end point.
Boarding pass on iPhone, check. WiFi on AA flight, check. On-time departure, check. Nice way to start the week and trip to Chi-town
Thx to leaders like u we r the #civicpower305 RT on Marlins screen @ game w/his kids,making green around this city
Thank you for following!
yea that is cool too! I feel like I'm posting when no one is paying attention sometimes though.
You'd think after years of working with catalogs of production music I'd be over it. No way. The moods are just so magical.
#edtechnyc : Be open to starting as an #app on an existing platform. started as an #iOS app.
& shud tweet their BIG cousins aka my sisters! That wud b nice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Conventionalwisdom:If only some other R ran.I disagree.It's the policies that're unpopular.Whoever adopts em looks bad for doing so
En route to and then to festival to help spread some #BaltimoreLOVE w/ for !
His laugh his voice his smile his words his kind heart his talent #Justin is flawless :) <3
We've been awarded "Outstanding New Musical of 2010-2011" by ! We're honored! Read all the awards here: www.stagescenela.com
Hello twitter-verse. Things are about to get real with packaging, plastics, and equipment What you got? We want it.
": ": Partying with the Locs tonight lmao" ugh" i know right its my people birthday tho #fam first
What an excellent morning, Lisa! Way to start the month.
now following .. his tatts & piercings are most definetly a turn on.
This phone meeting has only been going on for 10 minutes and I already want to put my head through the wall.
you're on your ipod, you dont get caught?
I want the UDC Backus Campus Open House to be a celebration for the community as a whole!
shivermetimbers! A SanFran boy introduced me to your work in Arkansas in 95.Thank you for the kind words, sad about the subject
Don't forget to follow to get in on all the action of SLJ's Battle of the Kids Books this year!
#Grammys- lots of fun tonight. Adele deserved it all. Tony Bennett is amazing at 85. Enjoyed McCartney's finale. Minaj bit was dumb.
#WinstonChurchill "Courage, is the first of human qualities because it is the quality that guarantees all the others."
i only wanna give it to yu..my heart that is.. ;)
oops i mean MOG
Lots of truth there - hard on those days when I dont feel relevant
Got 1 of the 3 shows in yesterday before the big storm! Off to Bradenton later today for a show.
“An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.” — Victor Hugo
Just saw a nigga with a motorcycle helmet...... Standing on the bus stop ....... Just a lil confused
that's the one I used! It was good, but the biscuits made it taste like something different than enchiladas. Have you tried it?
hahah, sorry I'm not sorry :)
I WANT TO GO TO IMATS >:(
It hurts how you avoid me so much
honestly, i dont even care anymore.
happy cinco! RT : 3 drinks one should drink this weekend: Mint Julep, Margarita or the Incredible Hulk (Hypnotiq and Cognac)
you've earned it and more!
next time i'll head south. i love baby-sitting :-)
It misted more than anything.
It Clearly States "THE SIDE EFFECTS" Of The Drug. Its Well Known
If you could meet any one person (from history or currently alive), who would it be?
So, TEDexNYED MC immediately disavows any relationship with 's taking on companies in his presentation. #HaveTheyNotSeenHimPresent?
Artful Watcher: Lorna Simpson: Gathered @ Brooklyn Museum. Exhibit ends August 21, 2011
boner = killed.
well I hope that cured your boredom even if it was minimal
just got done listening to Every Little Thing <3 omg. Love that song (:
Zombies of the night.
Someone donated a copy of a sex guide that's older than me. I wouldnt trust a dating guide or a techh guide over 5 years old
Thanks for coming out on the tour this Saturday! Hope we can do it again soon.
Got Gotye tics? All the SF shows are sold out. Insert sad face here:(
Bitches These Days!
- Did she just unlock the door & pop in & find you naked & having sex on the floor in the living room ? ... #kuwth ...
Why yes, yes I will skip out of work at noon to drink beer and eat wings while watching the tournament.
I serously thought teachers werent allowed to give homework this week !
This weekend: tree lightings in Bridgeport, Aloha, and FG, wine tastings all around, music, theatre... it's good to live on the Westside.
An #Orioles / #Nationals World Series would be awesome.
Great addition to HStNE# retail mix RT : It's official! We are coming to 1108 H St. NE in early Spring!
So the truth I guess I'm just not done. Thought I was. But not yet.
Mercy Dukue IS MT BIRTHDAY tomorrow YES BABY YES CAN WAIT O YEAH
Bon Iver in concert is (somehow) better than the albums. In Indy, the top songs were perch, skinny love, wolves and hinnom tx. Def rec!
Money should be utilized as a tool. You just gotta know which nuts to screw.
thanks for the retweet!
My SAT math score went up the 20 points I needed. This is something I've been praying about and it happened! God is so good!
hotel lobby at 6:45 to head to pub for dinner
looking forward to spending time in Arkansas this weekend.
My colleg Prep presentation though>>>>>>
bETTER NOT JOIN THE ARMY ILL DIE ! : (
F*ck this. F*ck school. F*ck life.!
short slanted shirt its grey with black
“: Man, that Nickelback concert was fantastic!”
follow me please i love you so much <3 .
agree. Hard work, smart helpful advice and focus.
maybe the browns hairs are making a comeback.
You sure would love that, wouldn't you, Pete?
i know im late but i made it home safe:-)
#ocwcglobal What would happen if classical mode of education was broken down (i.e. faculty lecturing, notes on board, students listen)?
Do not offer a compliment and ask a favor at the same time. A compliment that is charged for is not valuable. M.Twain
Great to be connected Eric! Thanks for the follow.
#LastTimeIChecked this is MY life. You don't have to try to tell me how to live it. Thanks, though.
Still sleepy tho....
yeah, they were really nice (:
Glad to see new things opening! Love the motif and can't wait to check it out!
Avigilon HD surveillance system secures Des Moines Area ...
hey was up
Happy Leap Day!! :D
You rock. We love ya back! RT : listening to we were the kids. showing some love <3
Unfortunately, many states make it difficult to ship wine directly, and Indiana is one of those states.
your welcome.(:
Maybe not an iPhone, or pair of Google Glasses--but yes! Digital-encoded tattoo?
im not sharing lol
I think I'm starting to dig her more and more...so I'll wait like an hawk and when she realizes they vultures I'll come flying
Embracing the beautiful colors of Fall! You are doing a great job Superintendent Garry McCarthy in Chicago! Stay encouraged!!!
We were proving mood lighting for Valentine's Day. ;) RT : Autry Museum- Sarah and I survived a blackout.
Today's pondering: will I ever have a full-time job again? Pros and cons are pretty evenly balanced.
Looks like everyone took the day off today to avoid NATO headaches. Train is practically empty.
Finished moving. Now mommy an daughter day! AWWW
Submission still being accepted @ Thacommonwealth @ gmail n will be posted when new site is up n running!!
Democrats confused after the no bailout line. And that regulation bit. And the spilled milk joke.
the best Christmas sweaters I ever saw was at a Neil Diamond concert at Conseco. Haha. Can't wait to see in a few.
not necessarily Dave, I think he was planning a trip to barville to see you =)
maybe, either aau with him and Anderson they will be solid. Liked the pitch about Parker too.
So cool!! Thanks for the link.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart......Helen Keller
If I do go down in a trial one day though y'all, believe you me I am bringing down with me!
A long time ago.
Ah, the sweet morning sounds of my dog enthusiastically anally tonguing himself
It's probably not a good time to adopt more pets. Then again, when is a good time, once you've reached 5?
nahh I'm a big #lakeshow fan ur not the only one! Lol
Love how katherines just woke up, and I just woke up, but she's at the bottom end of the bed and can't see me so she doesnt know I'm up:).
Ash !! How are you ?
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW I SENT U! THANKS
naptime should be an elective
Call night till 8 pm... I want to fall over an passout
i get off at 3
I wish I knew who I was
best tacos in For Worth!!!
This is why we are friends--> RT : Erroneous hyphenation really aggravates me.
'Why did you leave me outside when I was a baby?' 'You were in a pram!' Some lovely people in this world
tad. better see your ass out when shows me the nightlife of FW. Tolerance to be tested..
Come on out to the Britton Pub tonight to see us rock with Another Round and Absence of Ink from Tulsa. Its gonna be rad!
Subjected to trials by ordeal youngsters will be. I use it as an intelligence test and a measure of your spirit. Get It Gone!
Room for one more? Happy Birthday! :)
Aww, so your close. :) how is it over there ?
how? haha. you live in texas! don't they play country all the time? :)
the boo boo
when can we have a Skype date?
I haven't! Will forward along though. Love the name :)
I'm out of control. Seriously. They hide my bags all over the office too...so sad. I'm poppin' over one of these days so stock up!
Just met Scotty. Such a great day!(:
I don't know. We are eating pancakes right now. Gluten free of course. Then the park? Domes? I don't know.
you looked familiar .. so I was like "oh oh.. I know who he is."
I was but I changed my mind cause I'm not walking
I could have made a neat retort but didn't, for I was flurried and didn't think of it till I was downstairs - Mark Twain
It takes bravery to go after something your dream. Remember if you are dreaming it and going after that goal you are ALREADY successful.
DAMN I CAN GO FOR SOME HEAD RIGHT NOW
Lol! Of course but that's NEVER gonna happen. I'm looking for second best now.
what i do on monday, the world does on tuesday.
I have been to mostly all of them, around L.A. Did you go to the one at The House of Blues?
If only DC employees had the option to call for a VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE would things be different today in the work place and legislature?
Belated thanks for the #FF !
The Knicks can't deal with the Maverick bigs
POTUS on my block tonight...traffic nightmare. Paul Auster at the Lotos Club; that's where I will be.
happy new year :*
Thanks followed back!
#FREEREESE debut tonight for #THEBANGARANG ... Im goin in hard tonight FYI...who is coming with me? ?
Mike Quackenbush sits down with Greg Hunter for an interview.
_ is my best friend we haven't talked in a while I miss her!
Looking to get into sportscasting or learn more? check out - www.SportscastingSeminar.com
Awesome! Will do.Thanks!
I love it coach Unfortunately in aau ball so far this summer Ive seen too many bad coaches lol. Don't hold guys accountable
Bouta make sum SERIOUS changes!! Attitude 1st
knicks can't keep up with this pace
"Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone." Ha! Good Friday Folks! Voodoo
You aren't loners is you just sit and wait for to tweet. You are just really big fans(; -Brooke
Final Four games start today!
Thanks 4 the follow,
Smell of rice cooker, Mad Alchemy and sun screen = time for a Sunday death march on the bike: Thanks and
The expansion maybe a good idea but your over-simplication is a disservice to the city. We need intelligent & respectful discussion.
Big show tomorrow. Testing two new #recycle art products. Always thinking up new things to recycle. Which means some work and some do not.
wanna bet?
Thanks George W
The green roof & green wall projects continue keep coming, we got a possible job as the 3rd party expert to evaluate a failed green roof
Oh Shane's face is swollen bad. Poor baby!
big big changes coming to Pittsburgh Green Clean!!! Also, new BADASS logo is on the way!
I wish I had abs. :(
Truly Networks launches www.LastChanceRoad.com a social shopping site for guys featuring the most sought after west coast lifestyle brands.
Worst customer service experience EVER! I got the run around from 2 stores and your sales dept. Just trying to use my upgrade.
To keep up with Inside Social Apps conference, follow our Director of Products
I just saw a mouse at the Embarcadero BART station, crawling by the tracks.
yeah, finally summer Just take a breath
Last night was the worst.
There's another Genital Hospital from Canada. If you're into dirty garage rock (a la Devil Dogs) you'd like them also.
Happy 420 my awesome followers <3
This is what a Christmas tree looks like! Wis. Gov. Scott Walker does away with calling Capitol conifer a Holiday tree.
Brought a Nook Simple touch on Friday and I love it. Best purchase ever.
I had a dream last night that some woman cut up the interior of my Range Rover.... Crazy Bitches yo
yeah. 3 hours of study hall. :/
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
He's cute, he's got an amazing smile, he has a great personality. I didn't say his name, but he popped into your head didn't he?
DailyHookahTip#53: Try placing a glow stick in the vase of the #hookah if you are interested in experiencing a cool lighting effect.
I'm afraid of getting addicted to Pinterest.
lol bro I ain't been so mad in my life
no see mom
I saw #WeBoughtAZoo and loved it. Your acting was fantastic and I love to act too. Was it funbeing with all the animals? (:
Whats that filling up the room? Oh that there is my Swag.
Cuddle time with my boy. <3
If you have several topics that could each support their own website, it might be worth having multiple domains
yeah...kinda.. I didnt do anything except eat chocolate bunnys! You!
Whelp. Simone walking into moving traffic just got hit by a car on Greenmount. They are upright but stop walking into the middle of traffic
that shit be feeling good to give back huh?
Nobody gets me like you do.<3
Thanks love I miss you so much too its been awhile! :(
Right now Spurs are being out-shot on 2PT, out-shot on 3PT, and out-rebounded, but are winning by 14 thx to 23 Grizzlies TOs.
Agree, agree, agree. Amazing gown.
Full house at the #ranchobernardo planning board meeting tonight.
Sen. Alesi confirmed he's not running for re-election in the NYS Senate's 55th District
Bob and Tom have nailed it the past couple days.
Do Right to Lifers eat baby carrots?
Missed sing the national anthem . Caught up on YouTube. Spectacular!! Luv her to death :)
I'm fucking dead at
dont wake a sleeping giant jon...ive just got nothing to say
Oh, but you totally made up for it with that 3-ball KG. Congrats on winning the ugly battle,
TO DO's pt 4 Start working w/ a coach today. Expect to work with them every day unless you only have a few words to say.
looked like "a gathering at home plate"...
+1: “: Mine would be doing his Chubby Checker impression and your reaction to it.”
Chicago has been so fun!
Chock full of stars at CBS presentation.
": Enjoy the game! I'll be there Sunday! Go Giants!" <-- thanks!! You'll have better weather than us.. but so far so good!
Boostin my steam
I do, it's SpiderRider3
Took me 2hrs to put away my clothes-
Hannah Montana: Nobody's perfect! Zayn: What about me? Paramore: You are the only exception.
Name one person who is cooler than - I dare you to even try!!
Tweet to place your vote!
my bad didn't have my phone. Cotto
If you would be unloved and forgotten, be reasonable.
on the topic of outlook rendering, <!--[if gte mso 9]> will target 2007 and above for conditional CSS.
I really want to move. Elizabethton really sucks lemons.
naw just get it from rell.
with my niece Jasmine and Jocelyn [[[; <3
what's up tyresha???
it don't matter cuz your hot
By the way hip hop is killing the battletrack Nuff said
I was just saying chad cause anything better than colt but I like rg3 hoping right free agent qbs go to right teams cheapen price
oh my gosh. i love that movie so much...
tim benz talked about it on the x this am. i think he said it will be up at gate 3 at Mellon Arena.
Cause I've been out yelling Eagle!! on my scooter Sasha!!! I swear I just got a scooter n named her Sasha too =)
Being single doesn't always mean you are available. Sometimes you have to put up a sign that says DO NOT DISTURB on your heart.
#np The Sun Died - Ray Charles from A Portrait of Ray record.
Can't we just get the SB fkng over with?? ~signed GB fan, married to Giants fan, living in Pats country.
How do you finance a startup without cash? Looking for suggestions, ideas, tips.
IF YOURE READING THIS TWEET ME :) LETS HAVE A CONVERSATION ;P IM A FUN KID TO TALK TOO!
shut up. I have fat fingers.
Jersey Beach Monday through Friday & Saturday I am Enjoying the Ocean!
Hi Rebecca, I hope you are doing well.
Betty White Off the Rockers.(: Oh my Gosh, I couldn't stop laughing. :D
The phantom seems best vibe for hip hop. the rolands instruments sound better (piano, orchestra, bells) imo
Get nice prizes from the beautiful Jack Daniel's girls from 11-midnight? Listen to Rick Hornyak from 9-1am here all the way from Austin?
is running part of the interview this morning. Looking forward to seeing the rest!
Good morning!! If you have traffic court in the city today it's your lucky day. I'm voting not guilty on everything!!
paying attention to my bio huh.im almost done with this roit remix of mine i made today
KNOCK IT THE FUCK OFF LIZZY
Hardcore jamming in my room to lol my moms probably yelling at me but I can't hear anything other than the song so.
Saturday night's wedding with my Quintet at the Delafield Hotel was super fun. People danced from the first song to the last.
idk why?! You tell me why!
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
Go ahead, keep pressing random notes on the piano because you think it's funny. It's Not like I eagerly desire to play or anything. >__>
you have no idea how much i despise that man. he is such a dick. and from what ive heard, likes hiring cheap (illegal immigrant) labor.
aye man shut up
Yes, you have arm muscles, but everybody knows your fat..
Concord poet publishes first collection - Concord Independent Tribune
I need those American flag shorts.
Mark Salling just made me cry....
Well the Brewers now need a new Shortstop. UGGHHHHH
Just wait til it's Springsteen who wins.
Ive never once seen a cyclist follow the road laws here in Boston. Not once. Constantly running red lights & being dangerous
#CaseyMcGehee #Brewers #Pirates RT : Who is your preseason pick for MLB Comeback Player of the Year?
Is that for this summer?
there not selling them today?! Do you know when yet?
"you think I'd get in free since my son looks like skrillex" says the dad buying tickets for him and his son.
NOTHING can separate #YOU from the #LOVE of God.... Romans 8:37-39
no apple chill is n fayetteville
Yay! The Hamster and the Hoe! I am SO there.
It's hot outside. Go see a nice air-conditioned exhibit at a campus art museum. #FF ,
“: Oh hey Sobriety , no thanks! ...maybe tomorrow if you're lucky.”
he made me so mad lol like dude wtf, I was yelling lol
ty so much, yeah, i believe ive tried everything. atleast someone was listening out there. how back was ur accident? u ok?
#TheMostCommonLies I love kids...... You have four .... Well ill call you for a date soon
Prior to you could really begin setting financial goals, you need to figure out where you stand financially.
Sawdy I'm Getting Sick )):
Discussions with while reading systematic theology. Good Sunday afternoon
No this nigga didnt call me the wrong name.! 0_o
People are stupid, that's all there is to it
People at work kept asking what 50 SHADES OF GREY was about so I looked it up. Still just going to tell them I don't know. Seriously, WTF?
Yep I know how that goes!! It was always a race to the showers in the morning before the hot water ran out lol
I somehow got a B. Whatever at least I didn't fail!! Still hate him tho.
Great to meet you as well. Enjoy your weekend! Thanks...
BTW I'm trying to work out errday when spring quarter starts. Feeling fat as shit right about meow
trust no one
At the ripe old age of 8, my heart became a victim of the first 48.
As a Wisconsin Badger fan, it pains me to say this, but go Spartans!
T and I have been sitting at the same light for 15 minutes!!!!
I have to work tomorrow, then I was gone head to my intern...im available in the evening
oh so wish i was just laying in the sun somewhere!!
This bitch sukk.. Glad its Friday
Please stop texting me
Goodnight Pittsburgh
I think I got it working... we'll see tomorrow.
Tuesday night = Ballin Night
im pretty sure u said u hated tht kid but now ur chillin with him..
The best career advice-Find out what you like doing best and get someone to pay you for doing it!
Good morning!!(: <3 you all!!
“A pleasant illusion is better than a harsh reality” -Christian Nevell Bovee
well that's just ridiculous
Going to see Avengers this weekend, but I think we all know this is a Dark Knight summer...
Looking for people to conduct free Health Histories on for my nutrition school! Message Me!
hope you are here!
its going to take a very long time for the world to get past this..
Missing the flyers pens game cuz of work tonight
Saw his/hers yard in UC too. Love it. MT : delivered #Filner sign to house with #Fletcher sign - fun dinner table
working on my nxt article for Examiner.com re which candidates in CA will join teabagger caucus...still steaming from this week's news
Happy that Keaton gets 2 spend next week in FL w/friend, who lives there (havent seen ea other for 3yrs)-while Troy & I are on a cruise.
haha not quite the thriving metropolis you expected huh?
I don't have that number...
lmao no!! It looks just like him though
clown that's not saying I'm mad cuz u won't join team lakers or Kobe clown smh
Nice — that sounds like a great weekend! Have fun, Pete :)
Down to MAN U
hahahaha too bad for you.
Give #BYU credit. They got down 3 and just came out banging. #byu has parnaby's number this year.
i got up so early today! spending time with my dad YAY
Needing to move to another part of Nashville ASAP - if anybody in the area knows of a great place or someone renting- let me know. Thx!
i realized i can't do it all on my own; then i realized that a) God did it for me already and b) He DELIGHTS in doing it.
Blue #powerade day in the office in honor of
Looking at Savanah, Georgia. Want to be near ocean!
GOSH I LOVE MY BABY
Don't call me that .
Friday, May 13th, 2011: everything went off without a hitch tonight, no major issues...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> ...Let me know when you touchdown, after you handle ya bizz
I can't believe there aren't St Patty's day cupcake liners anywhere.
is a NY Jet - let the games begin!
my krib is the chill spot right now
I know, right? I want to win!
Thank you!!
My forever alone complex kicked it. Eating ramen alone.
effing love you <3
no sweat 6 mile run then train at WVMMA
I'm on my friends phone .
So like, what's everyone up to right now?.... LoL!! I think facebook & twitter servers might go down with all the Packers Hate Posts!
Tonight the party is at BROADWAY BAR !!! IT WILL BE INSANE !!! $3 U CALL IT ALL NIGHT !!! LET'S GO !!!
#iconf11 productive ict4_ unconference. Is the word 'development' simply a device to connote some level of inequity?
I'm actually not judging. it really threw me for a loop to hear that you're skipping meals on purpose.
Happy #FF Everyone! lists coming up a bit later, stay tuned
Pretty sure I could have an entire conversation with
One Day :D
What are the most effective budget management tools? Who are the companies who are delivering savings that stick?
watching the santa clause :)
Cant wait for these #Packers rookies to get to Green Bay and see what the city is like.
springtime for hitler float.
yo eddie. howz it going buddy?
Funny thing. Spent 2 dys on rural innovations-now will apply same concepts in urban area-solutions just not that different!
Was embraced until it hit Android, now they hate it.
I know I should respect your opinion, but I find that difficult because you're a fucking idiot.
Looking forward to the final season of Rescue Me!
it's cool you just owe me a beer now
Watching Scream 3
that's why he my nigga cuz we agree and always rite
Live jazz brunch starts at 10:30! We'll get the mimosas ready for you!
My Juicer is coming in today. Can't wait to start juicing some fruits and vegetables!
Just ate wings. That's the only way I can enjoy this game.
Happy 16th Birthday to !!!!!!
Love your background. Bless his beautiful heart :-)
GO LOTUS, LET'S SEE A WIN FOR KIMI AND ANOTHER PODIUM FOR GROSJEAN!!!
I'll drag him up there if I have to.
shoutout to that homeless guy that partied with everyone last night.
I agree with you. My tweet was more in response to my exhaustion in hearing the ebook debates in lib school all the time.
haha nice even the #Jabbawockez helping
Getting ready to board a flight to Florida. Tomorrow morning I'll be on a cruise to the Bahamas. Oh yeah!
#Obama and #Boehner could settle #debtlimit debate once and for all w/ an old fashioned staring contest. abcn.ws/qgQjLw
Florida is experiencing the same sort of pressure to alleviate unemployment as North Carolina is.
Thank you and enjoy!
Wise words RT You Have 3 Choices In #Life: Give Up, Give In, or Give It Your All...... What is your choice?
": BLUES SCORE! B.J. Crombeen puts the Blues ahead 1-0. #bluesplayoffs"
#silkroad SilkRoad technology Recognized as Champion in Talent Acquisition Vendor Landscape
I tune That stuff out and I would have walked away as well and called the police. Maybe jail will calm her down.
Trying again...new at this...
Haha, I would have won if I could make a word with a U LOLOLOL. But yeah it was fun. Start a new one. :3
thanks for the shout out! RT : And too.
Attention everyone who has a Mommy!! We have gift certificates available, so you can treat your Mama to a nice Mani or Pedi!
Why two hashtags for #sharp11 / #sharp2011? #confusing. Top-tweeter award a nice idea though...
Um, today's oatmeal in Columbus Arena District is gruel. 10% oatmeal, 90% water. You might want to let them know.
I Know I'm Grown... But I Love To Be Babied:)
F me.. It's going to be one of *those* nights on the return desk...
Oh dear, running that mouth of yours like that will get you in trouble, lol!
Should've called interference on the coin toss.
You have so much hatreed against ! It makes me laugh!(:
do you like my stupid hair? would you guess that i didn't know what to wear?
I just saw a dirigible advertising vodka here in Oakland. Be responsible. Don't drink and fly airships.
Now why you wanna go and wear tennis shoes and jeans?
Just saw "Crazy Stupid Love" I just fell in love!
wow..you put all my drawings to shame..
nope just wait #itsnotover!
didn't help in getting anything scheduled today.
Congrats on the new car! Do you have insurance to match?
Just watched an episode of Hoarders.. Now motivated to clean my room
frankly i prefer the company of nitwits
Creative solution: Disposable plastic bottles account for 20% of the park's total waste, the Nat'l Park Service in the Grand Canyon (1 of 2)
We've got something new...Cheese and Chips for $2.99. Get 'em at Pizza Shuttle.
definitely. And they came up to the big leagues a week apart from each other
chillin my dude
States exist for practical reasons, not because ppl want to play king.
Sweet Caroline <U+266B>
strawberry or grape?
we hosting a holiday FLASH MOB charity event next Sunday all proceed will go to benefit Capital Area Food bank of Texas
You can!! ha! U can talk to any of the peeps u follow!
I Really Should Be Sleep.
All citizens need to be registered to vote in November. If you haven't yet please do so. Encourage everyone to get registered now.
Yes, I'm a pilot. Thoroughly enjoy traveling with the family. Thanks for asking.
OT never kind to the underdog ... Valiant effort
Yes. Howard's hair is chia-pet-ish, but he made me laugh. Howard's an awesome cat name.
MT : In celebration of 25 years of FOX, we're taking a look back at some of our favor RT if you were a fan of 'The X-Files'!
Headed home bound
im not the faggot that came up with hubby!
buyin tix today for #convisorbash care to join me
Pumped for baseball to start this Sunday in Clifton.
WELL????? Are we an auntie yet?
Hey I hope all is well! I miss you guys! Tell Tania I said hello!
"Bitch, I ain't playing! I want my snickers back!" -overheard on the subway
So. Sore. Dancing. Difficult.
Yes, not as cold as in Russia, or China.
foregoing my afternoon chobani for a heineken that was brought to me by a colleague. it's the professional thing to do.
Bummer work is stressful, but that seems to be how work gets sometimes. Good that there is a light at the end of the tunnel.
Thx for reaching out! We are set for summer but send your cover letter/ resume to , will keep on file
Says the man who's never not wearing a suit, and has a solid two inches on me.
The San Francisco Giants rewarded general manager Brian Sabean and manager Bruce Bochy on Friday, extending the contract options .
"I am not like most guys"-Danny :P
The American family is a terrorist organization that terrorizes itself lest it be bothered by anything else.
See you tonight at The PIT @ 7pm! Insane Harold, insane Improv!
Every ending brings with it a brand-new beginning.
Why is Coco Bob's closing?
2011 has been a wonderful year.
Alright fine I'll stop being pathetic. Let's hang out.
In Oakland, half the chronically absent students sit in elementary schools, says Asst Supt Maria Santis at
Joel Przybilla's back. Nuff said.
the model shit?
U boys look so much like yo mama's & :-)
So-with a snowless winter what can I do that normally I wouldn't be able to do, or able to do without boots? Hmm..... ideas, anyone?
little white kids love baby blue drop top mustangs i been waving and giving thumbs up all day today driving round san antonio lol
Embarrassing unprovoked meltdown/tantrum from a grown man. Work on making your product better; stop being defensive.
i just realized how much my life sucks whem somalians had to tell me which trashcan to throw my stuff inn......
What do women want? We want everything :)
it's all work
You can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. ~Oprah Winfrey
Fuck Settling For Less, Thats For The Weak Hearted
meh I don't mind going for a massive stack against an agrotard in that tourney given the structure.
influencing the influencers
People who spent a lot of time outdoors when they were growing up were less likely to have to wear corrective lenses, a study indicates.
RT : Be sure to check out the feed for #proseo if you weren't able to make it to the London Seminar this week! Awesome info!
“: Here's a tip: put a pinch of sage in your boots, and all day long a spicy scent is your reward.” << This.
“When you enchant people, your goal is not to make money from them or to get them to do what you want, but to fill them with great deligh...
Hilton NYC: $300 a night, no free wifi. That is all.
I accidentally unfollowed Zack. I feel so bad!
Key take-aways: Don't trust companies as though they were public infrastructures and back up your email
Get delicious bake goods at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House for your Holidays!! Contact us for your same or next day cake & catering needs!
Things got crazy at Cell Block C when Skivvy got the wrong idea when I tried to rally the troops with my " it's a game of inches" speech!
what? Toe shaving?
Someone who doesn't understand that human nature requires affirmative action for minorities is racist.
Need people to talk to. Why not?
I walk to the kitchen and my dad says , go to sleep yu fat cow . Lmfao I eat too much . <3
who is he, exactly?
Often on Twitter can be seen better than film! =D RT It's amazing how one's personality can be seen so clearly on here.
Having a bad day. Wonder if would RT me or follow me, that would make my day much better
I look back and reflect, on how I could have been dead, but your love saved me instead- that's how I remember you!
Project: UNDERWEAR was a huge success! We'll be bringing it again! Thanks for your support!
oh...i wanna know
I tell myself something along those lines every time I'm too deep in a project.
power back on in N. Central S.A.
Owwww my god my best friend and i am driving to tot car
Get great deals on movie tickets! Only $8 with your VIP Card! Get your card this month for only $20! 619.226.1121
You know you're home when you see that #polishmoon!
150 likes! Happy dance!!! Thank you for your continuing support.
People just don't get roundabouts in OKC. Come on people, look to the left and go already.
aw lucky, & alright goodnight :*
Can't wait for the draft. #vikings trading third pick to
Hope this sun is here to stay. It's bringing me a ton of good luck! *fingers crossed*
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes! you made my day! That'll be my birthday memory to share with Castro next year.
Watching "The Darkest Hour" with my City Biddie, and T :)
#Orioles now have the best record in baseball!
Jacob Zuma, president #SA awarderd honorary doctorate 09/23 by Texas Southern University, Houston. Via
RT : RT : Do you think IT should allow streaming Pandora? See what Intel CIO Kim Stevenson thinks....
Yea... haven't quite figured it out either, but I do it right sometimes...don't know what I did different tho'! lol
I heard this on the radio this morning an thought it was cool. This weeks number one song co written by a kokomo native.
Well what mostly changed was going from a creative concept with back of envelope calculations to staff starting to calculate actual cost ...
well since that i`ve barely been able to sleep at night for the past few weeks,maybe these new pills will knock me out... :)
For everybody?
"This isn't a blowout.. It's a bro-out."
Last year.(: you?
It's 11:11 make a wish && say ... i hope i marry Austin Mahone. <3
This is just flat out exhausting.
I wanna know: do most small biz entrepreneurs have FT day job while they're starting up? Possible to work FT while starting yr biz on side?
I just texted you a pic of the imposter
He's Sweet I Know!
when Will I Am dies he should have his grave stone say Will I Was
nothing makes me more relieved than getting every class I need <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Clues from Youth, HS and College not just the NFL. Players are taught wrong tackle techniques day 1.
growth, BITCHES! :)
How to Survive Your First Year As An Entrepreneur
We hear you! RT Too early
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 9
Smith Grind FS Flip Out
I'm gonna be hell late to class :p
#elg 60 minutes to produce 1 min of avatar animation! Better be worth it.
decent - but smaller than usual. great group of peeps nonetheless. :)
i know right! sexxxay
blergh. Finally checked for scores...andy r lost. Am sad panda for 2 days in a row. This may require tequilla.
Bro I need to be juicing today like & his queen but I want some food that is bad for me lol.
Cats > People
Great news on the fight against strip mining. Thanks ! That was an uplifting e-newsletter. Hope I can participate this summer.
And I took like a 2 hour nap today haha
And I finally got iPhone.....
thanks!! Its hard to compare to Mr. Tritt! He's awesome
Ready to face the day, happy for a slow weekend, although that still means lots of plans and logistics!
Weird to simultaneosly have Tommy Roe's "Sheila" stuck in my head while not being able to stop thinking about IN DARKNESS.
Starting my day off right with Boy Meets World!
hey dog, did u get the job prospect email I sent. With Soros Open Society in DC.
Today was a nice day in South Florida glass came out great and newly restored good looking
#WorstBreakUpExcuses "i liked you better when we were friends"
The countdown is happening before #enlightenment #event of the year hits #Denver #Colorado be part of the
I get home and the door is locked ): how am I supposed to go in?
Hey, i want flowers too :/
"Did you check your... butt?"
yeah...but trust me...#youlook good ...
There are always naysayers. Somebody has to just keep walking. When I hear "no," it's maybe. When I hear "maybe," it's yes.
Absolutely gutted about the news of MCA from the Beastie Boys. Love. Always. R.I.P. Adam.
Thank you so much for my RT!!
Let's go Pacers put dese bitches out
so txt me lol
Lots o' nerdy dudes at this Lindsey Buckingham show. Myself included.
Like , Is Today Over Yet ?
Sometimes you are forced to part ways with something you didnt want to but you had no choice at the time! Well Sometimes u have to go g ...
That was EPIC!
You'll think of me.
great groupon ! can't wait to get my tuneup and hit the road...
I'm putin u on mute 4 the rest of the day 4 that lol
Eddie's Sports Bar in Garland Tx. Let's go
great, I'm glad you liked it!
that song gets u crunk lol
looking good!
Were I a wealthy woman, I would bring one of my struggling readers who has powered through 2 of the 3 books.
Become an inspiration to others so that they may try to do more and to become more than they are today.
Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and isolated storms today
awesome they are talking about open home pro! Thanks for support.
lol i slept too long. I slept for 15 hours
A mistake is always forgivable, rarely excusable and always unacceptable
No one writes better lyrics than Nick Cave.
fahhk! forgot dog day afternoon
yay!:DD can i watch it with you! ;D
I'm taking my daughter w me in the morning. Do every year, she simply likes to be part of all the hype
Absolutely! RT : We are halfway through #shehechat and has yet to make an appearance. There should be repercussions, yes?
I'm not perfect, but actually I'm proud of what I have right now
"God is my Father, Jesus is my Savior, and the devil is no relation at all." Bishop L. Nathan
I'm seeing all these girls in vegas w/long beautiful hair & I'm just like *starts pointing around* " Fuck you! Fuck you AND fuck you too!"
I didn't on here. If its the same person I'm thinking of...... ;/
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! :)
Never been so unmotivated and distracted and the fact theres a pool party outside my apt isn't helping!!
Thanks guys, I wish I could have been there.
The size of the airplane seat shinks, but the neighbor is nicer the closer you get to the Midwest.
Alllllrighty Kenya! I'm working on your German Chocolate this weekend! Will let cha know if I have a winner! ;)
nah I want to be on stage with cudi ragin'.
Yall think I'm NOT goin to see my nigga smash Clips at Adriannas in a few weeks?! Can't wait! The crib in there HEAVY!
Congrats on your first HR with the #Rockies!
Good morning gotta get wat im wearing to sexxy sundays
…I'm not going to go near an ice-cream truck now. Thanks to …
It's more the fake ones that get me than the real ones and vice versa!
creating Access forms and considering an outreach opportunity
Somebody should give me a shoutout
Is writing a paper today - Factors Which Make Successful People. What do YOU think makes successful people?
Just backed you with some more house money. Can't wait to read about Keats' abode.
If people can't make you happy, luckily music can.
CONGRATULATIONS! RT : Did you hear? Alison Carney () from won Chapter President of the Year at
until the opposite happens~*~*
yes, please!
Everybody's got a secret, can you what is mine! Can you tell me what you'd find?
fair enough. I suppose I meant anything that would be annoying to have to replace, like debit cards :)
You can't call a car 'adorable' if it's a Race Car. It just doesn't work that way.
75.6% of all Americans donate or give to a non-profit every year!
going on my sassy account. bye.
happy pirate day Claire! Enjoy your birthday!!! :)
The latest epi is up! It is all sorts of hot: topics, interviews, dialogues, news, fashion...bit.ly/GF5AeQ #queerness #yes!
Watching fellow Armstrong Falcon graduate RC Johnson wrestle in the finals
Ugh! U even said her 1st name(I'm so confused) #TooManyCrushes RT : Hi Gina!!!! :):):)
#WhyAreYou going straight home after work!? Take time to explore the city and mingle with friends! www.DCAfterWork.com
The Jville Jags didn't do enough on defense. They didn't even slow down the Eagles on Sunday. The Jags produce no offense.
Things to do in Seattle on a nice day... Wear your lulu shorts down the Burke Gilman & cause an accident
DUDE! I just got home from work and hubby had a rough draft ready of the tattoo I want (my first tattoo!) It's so awesome!!!
Have you gone across the stage yet?
Party and bullshit
You sent me spam DM about an hour ago.
My last meeting as a TTU Senator At-Large is tonight. So thankful to have had the opportunity to serve on Senate this past year!
Game 4 in Philadelphia #Celtics vs
Win it! (Every tourney should be PLO8!)
You hurt me in many ways but today u have broken my heart & trust ;( </3 never hurt the heart that loves u :(((
Another long night ahead of me, but I'm going to treat myself to an episode of charmed first
Before you go to sleep, write down 5 things you're grateful for. Gratitude attracts more to be grateful for. Be blessed!
Government needs to let the market govern it's self and quit sticking their nose where it doesn't belong.
you seem to be in #loserville quite a bit......I'm a little worried. Lol
Egg bagel with sausage inside. Amazing breakfast!!!!
really a picture of a baby?!?!?!?!
So, you'll keep picking up CityBeat even though there's no Shot on Scene? Hope so. ;)
Yeah. specially the one at the nipple.ouch!
Getting ready to meet with the lovely ladies of
Hey guys you can download our ep on iTunes and also we have wristbands. If you want one or a hard copy of the cd than message us.
Revelation: Fox News's Chris Wallace shares his given name with B.I.G. WTF?
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement
#2 hitter why am I scared?
godfather series? What's that?
Use their internet connection to look for a better job!
Today - Partly cloudy. Patchy early morning fog. Highs in the lower 70s. East winds 5 to 10 mph
DUDE! That is awesome. I am totally jealous!
Trying to figure out the best way to cross Oregon from Portland to end up in Boise, ID. Thoughts?
This is the first time since I've been at Marian that I'm not hung over on reading day. Unfortunately, I still just want to sleep.
You guys made it the "shady cabana" lol
Official, tested and true, tea ware for the discriminating. Hope you enjoy.
definitely one of the best in the game. Too bad they have to freeze him in carbonite after every game ...
Here ye! Here ye! Tomorrow's the LAST DAY to buy tickets for Benjy Night. College Hockey! Colleagues! Food! Drinks! Fun! Join us, won't you?
still arguing abt where to put it & no info released about funding :/ MT : frieze to honor sit-in at Read's
Likewise. I'm hooked on it, I now get annoyed if I'm on a computer without it :)
90 Days to Summer Challenge
i love you so much and im glad we became friends this year .
I must have one.
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it. www.reliablerelabel.blogspot.com
Go away jealousy. You're not cute. ;_;
Listening to people's dreams is like listening to the details of their last shopping trips.
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 24
That was the most awkward phone call ever!
Another massage. Is this real life?
Quote for the day "there is more happiness in giving than in receiving" - Acts 20:35
It's supposed to be 75 and sunny on Saturday/Sunday so of course Christian and I will be in rainy, 90* Omaha this weekend! :-(
Need to provide enough benefit to supplant the creepiness for the user to adopt your location service. Its about value!
God mode, giraffe mode, speechcraft, nuclear health
Melissa Leo liked her camp shirt so much that she had it bedazzled into a dress!
Does this make sense to you?
Need minutes. Gotta go.
Oops, sorry! Following you now. I'll check in the morning. Going to bed! Night! And tweet me when you get it! Enjoy!
If u read this please respond. What are you doing the second ur reading this? Besides tweeting. Let's see some answers!
Chicago vs Boston ..... Thinkin bout goin to watch the rest of the game at a bar.....Idk yet tho
Good ol' #reference interview. Sound fundamentals. I am the Steve Nash of
Humility might be an admirable personal trait, but if you’re a small business looking to build your brand, it won’t do you any good. Be BOLD
its terrible right? lol waiting for my friend to get off work! then playing LOL :D
Hey Everyone, go follow because she's a cutie and I love her! Oh and she's the best cousin ever :****
i'm tweeting to much. I should go continue my life now.
Sit back & watch the show ;)
Replacing a unibrow with a flat top. Boom.
Pokemon theme song in English = cool. Pokemon theme song in SPANISH=
This world is made up of nothing but bullshit, no matter where u look there is some type of bullshit either some 1 on it or it going on!
I have an SNI/WIP set in the early 90s. Someone told me to query as "historical fiction" and I LOLed hard.
You are ahead of the game! me, I'm finishing tomorrow's ;-) just kidding (sorta)
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Chester Ohio - free daytime, evening programs -- complete schedule at www.ohiohumanities.org
Thanks for the RT! really appreciate it =)
Aerating my lawn. Them aerating shoes with spikes are one helluva thigh workout. Work it out!
Don't forget....free shuttle bus to the St. Patrick's Day parade from O'Lydia's
I wanna fly like a rocket to the sky going up a million miles... #TUNEE <3
So Guess What Everyone !! I know a real live WHORE ! LMFAO
Great game huh! Devils goin for the cup Fuck Yeah!
love sleeping with the windows open!
#ThingsIHateOnFemales any shoes besides High Heels> big deal i gotta toe fetish.
Worth more than any amount of Money...I need that in my life.....
Comment that both art and science are different kinds of responses, diff forms of investigations of the natural world
CJ Kilbride said: we want the committee to make e-business and esp e-filing a matter of course not just talk in ILcourts
Thank you for the add and follow
i need to take my ass to sleep ha
hey bro go follow the twitter and check it out
I don't need any help making life exciting I give myself a heart attack for no reason
sup homie? you have a twitter now!!
Giants always pull through at the end they just make you have multiple heart attacks on the way there go giants!
when i lose: "who care's its just a game" when i win: "SUCK IT BITCH! IN YOUR FACE!!!!!"
i'd start drafting my suicide note but i don't have a job to pay for the pen and paper
Don't concern yourself about what has happened, or what will happen. Only thinking about what is happening. :-)
Take a music bath once or twice a week for a few seasons,and you will find that it is to the soul what the water bath is to the body.-Holmes
Goals for tonight: Finish research paper, fold laundry in pile next to bed,' and tuck myself into bed (not pass out on couch.)
Even tho I don't know u in person but I watch the show and I'm glad u figured out the truth about evelyn and jen.
I'm Back On Twitter <3 Facebook , Is Just Drama (:
Chillin at the crib workin on some new shit for the album
s/o to mrs. For coming through and helping us in worship at this morning thanks for the info
1st stage of follow widget bug fixed: those lost are reinstated (yey!). Those who followed since will appear soon. Apologies to all.
i'll be expressing thoughts throughout the week. stay tuned.
no hay problema:)
Ray Ray had nothing on you in that dance battle you KILLED IT!
You can't see your next, when your to busy lookin at your EX .
Walked into #TraderJoe's to buy granola and almonds...left with three big bags of food. Gets me every time.
wait til u hear these guys!
"Are You a Belieber"."No,I just got justin all over my room & on my phone screen for no apparent reason".
Yes, I suppose... but only if it's on land that you really really want...
It happens...
Can You Tell Why You Pick This Stock
Alright, Philadelphia. So what are we doing for Syttende Mai? Nothing? Hello? Beer?
Who is the Lone Aardvark's faithful Indian companion?Tanto
Thanks Deidre! How are things at Dragon Search?
The caffeine is starting to soak in people. Be patient...
#Tea Party#Gops give polluters free 2make us sick,slashing 100ks med #senior #benefits&voting 2block #Violence Against #Women This must end!
Nicely done, looking forward to the festival!
; you needs text me about something:)
like this status if you are missing that one person that's always on your mind! ;)
I have not read it. Makes me want to know who it is for sure. Not the worst cliff hanger.
u R one of my all time favorite Packfans. It was joy to get your tweets this year. Just don't forget to polka
on it
I love it!
hi =P
Weirdest touchdown ever!! Giants 21 Pats 17. Do Pats have a :56 second plan?
both! North on Friday and Saturday
"If I have a beer now, tomorrow will be better." Haha best rationalization I've heard in a while.
You're packin heat these days...?
sharinghawaii with everyone who wants some @ www.sharinghawaii.com
omg stop tweeting and come cuddle with me.
Who gives a flippin fuck if Selena and Justin are dating..I will AWALYS be a Jasminator and a Belieber!<3
haa..i can't remember my login for my other account..its been a minute
indeed! “: hi robert! we should catch up one of these days.”
At we're working to combat this exact issue! HR offers our app as an employee benefit to prevent financial woes
Great! See you there!
you too dude
if only i had a time machinee...
YEP OH YES
FINAL FINAL special performance by du Soleil starts 4:45 today hall 8b #Xerox GET HERE QUICK
Wow. is fantastic! Our guests are loving his music. Wish we could see him tonight with our friend !
I swear, this fandom has A+ stalking skills !
in spain we just got here its a lot of tropics out here tho
Game 4 baby!!! Pacers v Magic #PacerNation Get this 3-1 lead!!
Ugly truth...titillation does have value.
Fergie’s smash hit single “Glamorous” just popped up on the office Pandora. This was once my ringtone. How do I have any friends?
Come audition for ur shot
Debate on whether adults should read #kidlit #YA on right now! Why categorize? Why limit ourselves?
lol do u know who Austin mahone is?(:
lmao.nall twin he at a game
Im referring to your pic but also what you say and do in general.
you all are so cute! Lol
watching freakin family guy
My Hawks win 2 more we going to the EASTERN FINALS,,, WE WILL BEAT CHICAGO ARE PHILLY
Excited for a long weekend :)
CAN WE PLEASE!!!! invite everyone who loves them bc i just need to obsess with others:p
Lhh jus rode home in a go cart
I'm knee deep in some tequila. ;) see you inside
Funny and wild.
Hiking and house hunting with such and awesome way to spend the first day of 2012.
One of those screen printed tux shirts with a tie dye cummerbund.
thanks for coming in today!
Home of deadly Mpls Fire was also the site of a police raid in '08 looking for evidence against the RNC Welcoming Committee.
Getting some great ideas re mothers day gifts/experiences. Info: Jemma is 1 & my wife is Swedish, she's stylish but is a down to earth gal.
on the radio!!
Photos from our New Years Event will be uploaded by tonight. Stay tuned.
LP is in studio pursuit! I know its felt like we've been in the studio for a whileb ut good things come to those who wait....you'll see -Ash
TROLL HARD SON. RT : I wish trolling was a full time job.
Washing windows @ Signature Cigars...b/c the world needs ditch diggers too, Danny
What were the best new mobile apps in November? Mobile apps will remain a universal obsession only as long as they continue to captivate,
"Be a rainmaker, and make things happen in your organization." webinar with
And thats why we still have Derek Fisher
nigga I know damn well u not talking
NFL draft on tonight
dying. I'm surprised edwina slate the IV didn't have one.
working on booking show at University of Nevada, Reno on April 15. Looking to book shows at other schools on the way - Any ideas?
Happy mothers day to my favorite mommy.... Ms. Marlette Zackery!!!
Goodnight ! <3 maybe some day you will DM me ;)
Thanks for the follow Marty. Stay caffeinated
Mark, was the release of Goodman a surprise? Does it indicate #Broncos might target a CB in the draft?
Something like that :) Got a surprise bouquet from a guy I've been dating.
Apple cider, peppermint bark, and Home Alone. Christmas indeed.
I'm pondering joining a gang what's more sliming red or blue
I hope they hire an american. Zigi, or Kreis would make me happy.
"It would indeed be a tragedy if the history of the human race proved to be nothing more than the story of an ape playing with a box of matc
On a recommendation, I'm watching "Happy Accidents" which supposedly falls into my favorite category of "Romantic Time Travel Movies"
Please follow ! She's a really great singer! Check out her album #LetItOut! I'll follow/list u
Grrr... I need to stop forgetting my laptop bag with my iPad, passport, and tickets for all upcoming concerts at random places :-(
I'd rather have an English breakfast!-word?Yeah Word!!!<object width="425" height="344"><param name="movie"
A warm welcome to the teachers from around the US joining us for our Educators' Conference at C-SPAN. Hope you enjoy your time with us!
Just left the BOE in Dtown LA, we are an official Distributor in California, Freshnripe LLC has officially established itself
Now tuned in to #EpiffanyRadio Prodigal, Rthaczar KICKBACK !!!
If you have the graphic skills, Theater Connects is looking to update its look. plus you could add "web stylist" to your resume!
Just got my itinerary from ! Wheels up for training one week from today. Can't wait!
ehh! :/ it was alright!! My last essay was so bad. :(
oh goodness, I don't even wanna know how bad it is! I'll be right down!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Weird yes, but not altogether surprising. Tourists! sheesh.
I also have one other question, how do you get those pdf files on your videos? It looks awesome!
Hey guys and girls can't wait till breaking dawn <U+E409><U+E105>
RT : Today was a good day - good feedback and positive people around me >>
RT : “ : seriously how hot is ” that's so nice but have you seen yourself!?
G'night, all. Here's to peaceful dreams that may bring in a fall-in-love kind of Saturday <3
Just yesterday, our stage at the indiana state fair colapsed! It was right before sugarland went on, soo keep Indiana in your thoughts!
So, so proud of my good friend Maureen Seaberg who just sold her book on Jason Padgett. And she's splitting the profits with him, to boot.
Would You Wear It? Gold Disco Ball Dresses Dancing under a disco ball? We 're down. But dressing like one? Yes, please! It takes a lot of
Everybody has an interesting map
Thanks, I'm currently donating all of my profits to a local wounded warrior
They’re keeping the traffic on the switches, but moving the “workload” i.e. configuration and intelligence, to virtual.
Never underestimate the child who refuses to stop playing with his Lego's for homework - he just might have an agenda.
Thinking that, if they did, they could make electoral gains. In 2010, they did just that. So that might be the new blueprint.
WAIT IT'S ON MTV RIGHT? And like ridiculousness is on?!
Impressive performance by the #Badgers. Still think Vandy will be tough (if they win), but if UW shoots like this, they're pretty tough too
We know where they can come shop for their Mad Men suits! ;-)
still don't know how to fucking log onto fucking tumblr. piece of fuck. ugh. my life rn<<<
The awkward moment when people spell "come" as "cum".
. met you at #desblogconf2012. Have 48 hrs with kids in Seattle in a few weeks. What are your no miss sights and restaurants?
thanks boo (:
you go girl <3
Here's another that ALWAYS rides for ya boy !!!----->
Best tweet .. I got this.. Here it is...
Oh well.. *flips to hockey*
I once had to check myself before I wrecked myself.
exciting new updates to menu! coming very soon: veggie wraps! kale, kiwi, cuc, lemon! new plant protein powder! strawberry in bionic glow!
Surely. Will DM you tomorrow AM.
Hope you have a safe trip back to Jersey Mr. Piro. Cheers, see you again soon!
#c2css12 Exercise: Use these words in a sentence- Assessment, Analytics, Applications, Academic Honesty, Accountability, Aftermath
well come back and visit ;)
Volume 15.22 is up, get it while it's hot!
You might want to, hahaha we're doing this science project tomorrow. I have no idea what to do though. Hahahhahaa.
RT : I want to like #AmericasGotTalent, but I just don't get the addition of Howard Stern.Agreed. Don't get the appeal at all
crab cakes are awesome
Thank You J.K Rowling is trending 5 years after the last Harry Potter book was published. Just goes to show you... Thank You J.K Rowling
Today's tip: When working out on cardio equipment, don't lean on the handrails--it decreases the amount of calories you burn.
I moved to an online calendar. :P
Every time I get in my bed I get wayy lazy
Making friends with middle age black men at gnc
Hmm...yet again I've stepped into the pile of horse pucky that is critical theory and cultural studies.
Good morning Cherie!! Stopping by to wish you a great week. Take care, and best wishes always.
not surprising... though it explains the delay. SMH
Oh man do I know what you mean! RT "Never understood why companies burned through talent..."
You are sad. Get a life.
6% power left on and 28 more minutes of the flight...time to power down for landing...
Thanks for the folo:-)
taco bell.
We also use clorox wipes once a week to disinfect and clean the phone. If it was stained, we would be happy to replace it.
Ask him about working with a young Neil Jordan on High Spirits
Thanks again for posting another one of our job listings!
trying to follow you, it's not taking...
Ostrich, alligator, goose and yak all arrived (all CO farms) for our Gourmet dinner with featuring CO winemakers
Okay then lol you don't know the people at all you just randomly take pictures of them?
We all need privacy. fences and doors.
Hyde Park get ready!! Mama is coming to see you at 12:00 today
too much b going on, lol mess, thirst, hatred etc
you're right, so let's put superglue on our relationship and make it super strong
I'm at sports clip and asked to watch the nuggets game and they don't have altitude tv on direct tv! Aghhhhhh
wow an hour and half? I would have hung up
Thanks everyone for making this the best Sacbeerweek yet. See you all next year!
radio on spotify is pretty much the best thing ever. I haven't had to skip a song once yet.
where are you if I don't see you this weekend!!! Well I don't know but I'll seriously be pissed
aw come on now
Good morning! Who has a munchkin graduating this week? Today Ava grads from pre-school. :-)
If you are in San Diego and missed the event at Eleven tonight, you MUST come to Bottlecraft on Thursday!!! Don't miss it!
Shows incredible ability to focus. RT : And that Bin Laden wasn't a priority...
is there a set date of when the regular season schedule comes out?
yea I do...She put my name on the board for senior study so I had to get it cause I like to leave early lol why ? Do you need it
Too funny!
RT : Excited to watch baby sister and whoop up on OSU!
All my girls from the 504...
Finna go to the movies aint got nothing else better to do
I'm so proud of youu..austin that is amazingg already its sold outt ..I loveyouu..<333
Just about had my fill of Christmas music. #toosoon #doesnthelpsales When is Thanksgiving?
you treat me like a stranger & it feels so rough
people told me I looked like I was supposed to be on toddlers and tiaras! Lol
Prob not but if I didn't like my job I would be able to quit and look for something else Plus take the summer off and have fun
Encore fellowships are the best way to transition from corporate to nonprofit careers. Intel agrees #encore2011 www.ef-c.org
You're all boring.
Looking at some old Kano analysis tools I used while at GE. Considering brushing them off for a current project.
-- im only using twitter bc facebook is down
Working on some t shirts that will be available on our website and at shows. Can't wait to show you! :)
I go to nhu lan -- its closer to my house and I think the sandwiches are better. What kind of protein/veggie/seitan do you want?
Sounds like you're actually going hyperbole.
I missed the beginning of this plan but I'm guessing I'm going to like it!
RT : #Sounds #Music #Gear are the backbone of #FF them & if you are a producer, engineer, artist, or just...
We know exactly how important it is for clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well
I saw mention of pediatric feeding in you tweets. Check out www.mymunchbug.com. Great resources there.
omg, you weren't kidding
LOL myself and auntie Anne's is willing to share :3
Am I the only one who thinks #rihanna is ghetto? Gross...
my ipod > the radio
#Thatawkwardmoment when somebodys saying hey to you and you have no idea who it is because you dont have your contacts in...twice
Just finished season two of The Walking Dead. Really, really good thus far.
oh man! crazy baby.
halftime analysis?
talking to you, Damn your hair has volume! :) Wbu?
First handfull of bands announced: Danzig, PUBLIC ENEMY, Girls, Hot Snakes
Get that confidence lift in Pre-Saturday Day Scene RT : Lunges , leg press, RDL's, split squats in the a.m.
So funny that everyone loved shabazz this morning and now hate him...Jesus he's 18 years old...he's doing what he wants to do in life.
ME TOO. Does she have anything in the works?? I'm the leasy angsty person, but she's my one angsty vice...
Now to put the color on the walls. Should be wild.
Here come crazy newt!!! BRING IT. We want
Recording a new alarm clock now RT : You can live with me, but I will wake you up every morning by booing you.
Just met with FAAN Board Member Mike Lade in Houston to get advice on effective fundraising strategies!
#messagetotheladies never take less then what you deserve.
Just registered new domain: 6ft.me Getting lazy to type long ones? No, that's as much of personal info I am willing to share online. :)
12 games -- sorry.
": free pancakes >>>>>" yes I would like some!
Tryna hit my 200th tweet so i guess me,twitter for tonight!!!!;)
One hour until #MyManGodfrey starts! I love you <U+E022>
is at it again! Two straight! He's streaking! Exclamation point!
Yes! It will be! (: -JChuK : Everyone should try to make it out to the rock tonight to watch preform! Lots of fun! :)
Well I'll be in #HongKong for in October!
with the name 'super bowl' you'd think it'd be a lot cooler..
Just applied to Stop & Shop
I call her boo I don't know her whole name keep it on the low mang all I eat is low mein
they DO have scrapple pizza! And burgers! Next step in slippery slope has scrapple stuffed crust!
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
Normally I would drop everything to get in that game, but I'm in Leucadia now signing up for the bocce ball tournament.
Got apt cleaned clothes and bedding washed comforter scent is nice it's been beautiful here in Florida mid 70's
You know that I'm a crazy bitch
New shirts and tank tops should be in any day now !!! Who wants one ?
Gearing up for Thursday Wind Down, we are featuring Spanish Albarino's, beautiful whites with grapefuit and citrus notes, come see us
TOO funny. Thanks for sending it out. Made my Saturday!
Mondays are necessary evil..... :-)
red velvet!!!! No Es bueno! I would have made u a green cake lol
Great! A sweep of the Cardinals couldn't make me happier!
naw its funny I was talking to about it. Nigga had to get rid of his super bowl & national championship ring
Happy Thanksgiving my peeps! I'm thankful you are a part of my life. Now go enjoy that turkey and pumpkin pie!
Loud children and a dog that wants to go outside.
Wow I can see how that would be difficult!! She is GORGEOUS
Again I start at 21-3. Same table as Wed but hopefully with better results
she's my favorite band member
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward. Victor Kiam
I have to say, I'm digging the frustrated 'Sheed avi.
igualmente Aloha desde Hawaii a mi familia preciosa de Puerto Vallarta y Estes Yachts bonitos!
"It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't."
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 2
What happened when the Irishman met the French Assasin?? NO Shots On Goal!
word up fam I gotta show love to you and your craft. But me im working on my nu compilation beatz&lyrics pt.2 coming soon.
So wheelchair, yes. But no scratches or anything? Really?
miss you too
I really don't understand why ppl cheat , when they have the best thing in front of them !
I think the University of Chicago and NCSU have continued with RDA cataloging (they were testing sites)
haha my phones gone I'll get it back tomorrow!
Now if I can get a nice Denver pic to replace the Austin one for my updated profile...
Nice one!
The Heavy Price of Thinspiration - Fox News (blog)
we are always appreciative of Bryan's fans. No dig intended at all. Love to all who have played Huey! -The B Side
I aint playing, never did lie.
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY! IM SO EXCITED!!!
Thanks go out to for all of the RT love, thanks!!
Thinking about posting a 1-minute video today. What do you say?
I've been off causing trouble. =)
At Hair in the City, I pass on the savings to you as I have less overhead than larger salons in #rva. Great cut/style/color for men & ladies
She asked for a lightning storm....and she got one.
OK u gone b hit ima get up wit dude tho I need another tatt man
Just because I don't talk about my problems, doesn't mean they don't exist.
CONGRATULATIONS PRIME TIME!
alright I'll get something going..
do you have an online directory of good routes? I've seen the ones at IntownBikes; looking for additional ones.s
This weekend is going to be full of cleaning & studying
Your Brady hate is getting unhealthy.
I found a garcia. Knew I had one. :) excitement.
Hats off to the Lakers they played alot better hope Clippers do tomorrow I have a feeling Chris Paul gonna light it up
PPL JUS DO THAT TO GET ATTENTION THEY LOVE TO SEE YOUR RESPONSE KNOW U GNE SET THEM STRAIGHT
There is nothing so refreshing than to wake up to the smell of fresh cut watermelon.
Congratulations! So excited for you!
Happy 17th Birthday to my dad! Wish we could celebrate!
"Most artists have two brains: rational and visceral." - Miguel Rivera, associate professor and chair of the printmaking program at KCAI.
So you're tellin me there's a chance! #FinalFourBound RT : just want to let everyone know I'll return for my senior year
if kobe win anoth ring yall better get ahead of the game and stop buying jordans im telling u , even though i would not like to see it...mtm
are you going to teen hoot?!
exactly!lol i'm living my dream sure people laugh at me. but do i care?Nope cause I got money in my pocket & No beer gut!lol
Wishing my #Keurig had a KCup installed indicator light so my intant coffee wouldn't always taste like my wife's hot green tea
Listen at work. Win Money. #WorkplacePayoff actually pays off in a few minutes. Your cue coming up.
tater tots / beer
According to my DMs, lots of people are saying very nasty things about me.... maybe if they were saying nice things, then I would click. :)
Went to the R5 concert. I waved at Rydel like a crazy idiot, then my friend asked Ryland for an autograph. Plus eye contact! Yup I can d ...
I think white ppl call those, "house warming" parties...but new house party has a nice ring to it! Do it Mitt!
nice run Bill
And we're both on Twitter. First time I've had to edit in… many, many years.
I had actually forgotten what it felt like to be cold. Walking to the Garden today, I got a rude reminder.
follow back!
If you had position of one-week ago regarding same-sex marriage, are you now a bigot since his evolution? Just curious.
Baby shower this weekend. Remind me: What time do the strippers show up again?
going to the home opener tonight. my first since moving to LA. should probably try to learn the songs before i get there.
Maybe there's too many people trying to install right now, "Install Script" doesn't work for me! Great idea though
I Love You ! Guys ! Your The Best Followers ! <3 :)
Green Day concert tickets for New Orleans, DC, Miami, Denver, Phoenix go on sale this weekend.
300 Latina girls and moms coming to Elmhurst campus on Sat for first annual Dare to Dream: Get Educated conference: www.latinaconference.org
Our girl was seen on set with Ryan Reynolds and Jason Bateman For The Change Up in Atlanta due out in august
Busy busy day that ended with an adventure. Let's see what tomorrow has in store. Gnite peeps.
#stevejobs Stanford comm. speech was a huge influence on the making of our film. You will be missed Mr Jobs. Thank you for the
Oh this is awkward.
I once called some chick the correct name during sex. I was really on my game that week.
Join us for “Want Learning to Transfer? Then Get Managers Involved!” Mon May 7 at 12:30pm at #ASTD2012 Get a #Learning Transfer Audit
like seriously what's the point
Fair enough, just glad to hear you'll be stopping by for the party & to celebrate Twins Home Opener
Gearing up for busy week...good stories to pitch, e.g., for Give Clean Water: 18 high school choir kids going on Fiji mission trip
Negra high standards ok? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>
Gotta go run some errands. Catch you kids this evening :)
#WeareUK Can't wait for Saturday!!
Another reason I hate Donny Marshall, he is killing Doc Rivers for coaching moves. I didnt like the moves either but they won and moving on.
Time with Banchi at the dog park. Days like this make Vegas tolerable
has your account been hacked?
Pitt v uconn
Breaking: thick envelope arrived in the mail today...acceptance letter for our little guy....to elementary school in Saint Paul.
thanks for the mention! :)
I would love one to Bitch magazine...though that might not be a choice...
"I won’t chase after you, because if you really wanted to stay, you would."
Private Friend
ZachAttack!!! I had so much fun with you guys on Friday!
Heading to the Columbus Club for our associate holiday luncheon. Looking forward to the White Elephant gift exchange fun!
I <3 you too, Boo Boo!
So poos are food corpses and farts are food ghosts?
My brother just arrived with his family and a bag full Satsumas. The most mellow,sweet citrus I've ever tasted. Thanks Scott.
haha wet t shirt contest in this rain..really?!!
Wish we could be down there to hear you guys rock out Friday!
“: my mind hurts... VIBE was crazy. I'm a new fan. Love it.” -- Glad you liked it, haha!
When your referred too as "friend" or "brother"... oh yeah...
Life w/o God has no purpose. Life w/o purpose has no meaning.
Another advantage to having your phone in your car...if your radio isn't working, you can just call your crew chief.
Dinner in oven; DD going to pick up dessert. Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Jaisysbejflodhshsndkficusebkfousbekdhsnd ah I'm freaking out.
I'm on my way to go get some icecream
What a shitty friday..
On It Babe
At the Topange Mall
Cermaq ASA : Notice of annual general meeting
Just discovered The Grindstone. There's some great stuff here! Nicely done!
Our hearts go out to Whitney Houston's family at this time...We lost a legend! Oh I wanna dance with somebody!
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
Apple Shares Plunge 9% on Mysterious Flash Crash, Then Recover
My virtual kit arrived today. After work, it'll all about Alegbra! If I can lug this home. Are these all books in this box?
Instead of looking for opportunities will benefit you - find opportunities where we can be a benefit others.
i think the most important thing is do positive and you should think that you can do whatever you want
lol Funny Can We Talk And Get 2 Know Eachother Please I Love Ur Acting And Ur Beautiful Please Reply Back When U Want.
Hey, why not. Let's makes this even more interesting Sipp.
How was your weekend? I bet you could use a Mint Meltaway to help you get through this Monday. I plan to!
you should scoop us up tho
Looking forward!
so glad to be done with finals!
Crowd greeting Vince at podium with chants of 'Go Vince, Go!'
Donations are still being tallied, but it looks like we are close to meeting our $15,000 goal for !
SCBWI is the best. Congrats on your books, and I'm so glad we've connected on Twitter! :)
MK: Says he can understand why Newt Gingrich is against Sharia. "Sharia is very tough on adulterers."
That's the Smoltz I know. Signed the book and a couple of cards. He's awesome.
Icecream trucks is some softserve swerve
Expect a trade from the Cowboys on their 1st rd pick tonight. Under Jerry Jones, the #Cowboys move their 1st pick 75% of the time.
come over homo I was stretching
#MalePains RT : #WhyDoiAlways get random boners at the worst times throughout the day in school?
yeah her & she does. She's not very appropriate for her age. Haha
lets catch up soon! please! i need a life update and have a few for you!
thats like me with my apartment everyday
I have great acct. Reco from O'Conor. Getting refund.
Thanks for following!
Jasmine stop reading my tweets
yeah we can go but it starts on the 23rd
why olive oil??
u coming over
Friendly nod from obese man cruising down Taafe in motorized wheelchair, playing "Do I Do" by Stevie Wonder off a tiny boombox.
Got an email frm someone who said if they couldn't reach anyone by phone, they wld drive to our unit at GMU to talk in person--w/o an appt.
I lost my financial aid, so I'm just gonna go to a technical college.
WHY DO YOU HATE ME!?! D:
Enjoyed lunch with my wife and outstanding tchr (entry 10556) today. Told me about big plans for a PolyVision board! cc:
thanks for the yummy food!! Orgasmic!! Haha
Getting robbed at gun point <
We read-- and LOVED-- Christina Alger's new book The Darlings this weekend. What did you read?? We love hearing your picks!
and also the one that overruled jermaine gresham's td catch this year for the bengals.
the game is a little chippy eh? These teams must not like each other
OMB you're sexy
this #MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf #TT is so funny to me !
Thanks for the RT !
when shit get real your real friends will be there for you
Weird that it's been more than 12 hours and we're still talking about Nick Diaz.
Lol stone cold... “: A #Virgo may find you physically attractive but, but that doesn’t mean anything other than that.”
#sometimesyouhaveto beat a nigga ass to show you not a hoe
I don’t know who I'm in love with anymore, you or the memories..
It's slightly on the higher side, but not far off the mark.
Who needs the Bulls and the Heat? I just watched an epic Yankees comeback and walkoff win after being behind 4-1. Go Yanks!!
Who do you think is the strongest team from asia at #missworld!My picks are India and Phillipines!What about you?
Preparing a presentation I will be giving at the Aspen Institute on communicating about social equity through social media.
Thank you!! #shoutoutsaturday :)
Further proof the Mayans knew a bit about 2012 --- Rest in Confetti Dick Clark. #NewYearsEve2013?
wat teddy bear>??
#Dirty Work . RT if you're proud of our boys. <3
": If the world ends in 2012, I've wasted my whole life in school..... WTF."
i just wanna sleep but you're in my head.
All I need is your smile, to make my day a brighter one.
Had a greet time thx to everyone who came out and danced their ass of!!!
we hope you had a wonderful time at the lemonade day tasting contest yesterday!
mostly all of them are all celebrities and i got 4 celebrities following me
I just depreciated a bull.
on the mountain of goats
Happy Valentine's Day! Lot's of sweet couples out tonight. Thanks for sharing your night with us!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen the girl thinks she is hot shit.. and she isn't.
how do I add a bookmark to my iPad homescreen?
hahaha but it is the best way
Good morning All! Later on I'll show you that video of the mosaic in progress, and my video skills in practice! ;)
And pops shows up wearing a one fewer car shirt
aww you 2 are too cute
I hate being awake when the time changes. It's very disorienting.
I finally got a nap in even though I swear I was spinning in my dreams...
might not be able to play. Golf fund burned up by oven
#fallforum AASL Maniotes: knowledge that transfers, principles apply to many situations, use of flexible strategies, conceptual understand
we offer $15 tickets to students with valid IDs two hours prior to each performance. Approx ticket costs are between $68-25
What a great photo...and tonight should be even better!
Thanks Job! If you see me hobbling around, its just my sore muscles.
weeks ago, man. She stays the night and he makes her breakfast and everything.
Twitter world we are at the last day of February, lets push each other even harder to make this year even better. March on!
The Chicago Public Library is Not What You Think. Let 'em show you how:
Enjoy Boston as we will enjoy our city...maybe toning down the sensitivity might do you and your stress levels some good
say a little prayer to St. Anthony! My mom did it the night I moved & my kitty ran away.
Happy Derby Day to everyone!
Beautiful! Thanks :D
Be careful eating that thing!
TikiDolls, where are my fashion girls? Bring your fashion fairytale to life!! Send in your sketches and work personally with me!
It's the day we've been waiting for!
The Argentinean film, "Medianeras", reminds me of all the aestheticism and realism of Buenos Aires. It is a perfect film that captivates!
now MLA becomes..( MONEY. LOOTING. AVATAR )
Only Anderson Cooper can save me now.
Hi : Found you through Trying to expose my music to the world.
Thank you! You're right. We need to work on having gluten free options at future events.
Been exactly 2 months since Game 7. Little more than 2 months til 1st spring training game. Eesh. #MLB no man's land. via
We never notice the beauty because we're to busy trying to create it.
If nobody dont sign that kid from Santos from PHILLY they f***** crazy!
Welcome to National Look Alike Day, Who do you think you look like maybe a celebrity, your neighbor or even your pet.
“: U bitches are too bored and broke to be turning down men”<<----
This day doesn't exist. Come on in, play some tunes, drink cheap and have a kickass BBQ. Then forget about it.
Alright, it's Friday. Let's make this happen, Twitterville. We got the stand if you got the keg.
It's a pleasure, Dixie!
hi 2 all
Just saw Thinking like a man...... 90 days huh!
I spend a lot of time in Eastern/Central Europe, and smoking is very widespread there, too.
The sky is not the limit for me that's Your limit !!! For me its just a view.When u c paste that you'll find P.L.U.T.O.…fue'go out
Keep your friends close. Keep your enemies closer.
That bread pudding sounds way yummy. Do you have a pic? LOL RT : In the mood for some delicious...
Neither one, I just chomp the hell out of my taco!!! :D
YES!!! Come visit please! ASAP!!!! You're always welcome to stay with us... :-)
Interesting, , the old , is playing 10,000 songs straight. That's about 4 weeks of nonstop music.
Digi-barbarians at the Gate
Watching "Midway"?
LOL Preach!! RT Scroll that shit down and hush fools. RT Why you messing up my feed with this Q and A?
no, I deserve to suffer!
hm. maybe?
Now its looking more and more like we will be launching a record label. Found a music producer!
For the past month and a half, I haven't wasted a single second with anything frivolous, and the I'm seeing progress.
I need to go #glamping take me away!
I know :( But glad we'll get to spend some time together first!
nope just the one!
when are you going to let Roku use the HBOgo feature? We pay enough each month, figure this out already
where? When?
: PRIDE = Personal Responsibility in Daily Effort. Zig Ziglar
Made it safe and sound! Thanks to everyone who prayed!!! :-D
ok i gochuu
u mean the law they didenr even read all the way???
i so love donnie,ajia,angelica that always laughing at me i need to stop being so goofy# we be so chill together;)
don't fall while running!....no wait.... Thatd be me.....
"there's 7 of us and 8 of them, so it's not gonna work out" ha love you
1 more day till my twitvid on friday hope u will all come and watch me perform my songs on cam
Oh no, now I have to watch what I say!
Talking to one of my best friends, reminiscing about 8th grade... <U+2665>
I hear ya loud & clear, woman. Pump it up! Pump it up, when you don't really need it. Pump it up, until you can feel it.
I just missed and twitcam .... by a half hour .... NO! I hate timezones :(
If your dog could talk when you take him for a walk, he'd say , "get me OFF this hot pavement."
Why is graduation soo early?!
How many of your bees/hives have European Foul Brood? Is this common?
Any One Wanna Talk #SuperBored ;0
Discovered chicken curry baguette sandwiches yesterday. Had another one again today. Delicious.
A big happy birthday shout out to enjoy little lady
No, he stopped streaming to change batteries, etc...should be back shortly.
When your ex best friend throws a party and invites people that they barely talk to/ talk shit about, but not you. Seriously fuck you.
good game. wish the c's would have won, but i'd rather win in boston. lol. i did pick boston in five.
It's prolly a fake, haha(:
Just saw a line of Blackhawks fly overhead... I wonder if there will ever be a day a military won't exist.
And Ayala. Geez how could I forget Ayala? Never forget. Broken windows. Poor guy. Ruthless M's fans.
What does that gesture mean, Rothlisburger? "I am the devil! I will rape you!" Apparently he's embracing his new image.
No problem homie. Follow back.
I would do anything for this headache to go away!!!!
Loving my #nyrangers!!!!! Let's go Rangers!!!!
farm is a no but we WILL break them into groups, video + walkthrough maybe. I'm charging $$. Adventures of an educator!
Will she love you like I loved you? Will she tell you every day?
wish I could RT that!!
Believe or not but Galveston and Blinn are still tied at 1 as we now begin play in the 12th inning
I haven't forgotten you. And yes, I got both emails. We need to talk about your formatting ;)
If u'r up & bored add me on FB if ur not my friend yet: www.facebook.com/DCKitty
casts a level 6 spell of Radio Freedonia tonight at 11 PM on wtju.net
I may not be the greatest politician, but I know a bit about people, policies, and priorities.
How the heck do you login to your Pier 1 Platinum account?!? All the links say "Find a Store"
Enjoying this beautiful warm weather in #NM-- but it also means fire season is starting. Follow for safety tips.
when you turn on the television, we actually watch you..
I need a shower now. felt dirty just being there.
My #Ravens play next week.. Ready Texans?
I get high off ambition
RT : At #AmericanU, visitors center redesign was integrated with launch of #wonk campaign. Not a separate project.
Fail! aka #WISN12 web guy won't give me current vote totals for our DWTS morning show challenge
Well.....in 21 yrs...homicide has entered my thoughts....just sayin.....
#mobwives is the real deal!
DMX pandora while doing some work in the lab
Now Thats Paper
Attn: “: Freddie Couples in first at the Masters after shooting a smooth 67”
loving you is like a battle, and we both end up with scars.
Insight!! RT "I don't know what they're going to use Hightower as in NE, but Belichick will have a plan for him," -Jon Gruden
Imma have the most <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089> by the end of the year...
Got Wine?
Just bc i retweet yo shyt dont mean i wanna hve a full blown conversation wit yu just liked what u had to say
eat lots of amazing food antioquian food and smuggle back nothing except coffee.
Github posted the development of their about page and I wonder can you link changes and socs - Java class change + requirements explaination
My mom just found my acceptance letter to Michigan state <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>! .... then shredded it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
s/o to follow & gain
Wang Chung is only for night RT I'm gonna Wang Chung THIS AFTERNOON
hey! I'm not sure who to contact about another phd session I will ask around!
I'm trying to lose weight. Sorry its not fast enough for you. I'm sorry.
And since I'm in Sellwood, had to get my fave iced cubano latte from Highly recommend it. Off to zoo for Packy's 50th B-day!
nice enjoy it.
Please welcome to the Twitterverse Red Hen's Publisher, Expect lots tweets about quantum mechanics.
My mom had the best that's what she said today: I took it in the back & then I pulled it out.
Waiting for the inevitable pic of the EDC Hollywood Riot Kissing Couple...any second...come on ravers...
I just installed the new UberSocial for Android
Keep up the great work!
Trouble with girls is nobody loves trouble as much as me #np Scotty McCreery <3
In ur own opinion… How much more pain can ur heart take before it breaks in2 pieces? I've been hurt a lot… But im gunna be strong n hold on
hes in the lineup
no confusion ;).
We just got over a pretty terrible cold. My two little guys sounded terrible. No fun!
ok I see you have jokes......
lets hope<21
corner store?
Thanks for the #ff ! Enjoy your weekend!
lmao I'm watching the same damn thang she must really wanted some juice that day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Hooray!! I'll provide the OJ!
You rdy for det and gb on thanksgiving? :D
catdog, rugrats, angry beavers, hey arnold >>>>
has a sexy avi!!
For daily history tweets from the Gilder Lehrman Institute of American History, check out
That's surprising for you, given how cutting-edge you generally are! Welcome aboard!
aw man I'm so sorry. I know there is something bigger/better waiting for you. Hang in there xx
wish I could. What's in the Chi though...
yoga or cupcakes, yoga or cupcakes?? RT $2.00 Tuesday in Oakland & Lawrenceville!
Yes, the strong gets more. While the week ones fade..empty pockets don't ever make the grade ...bless the child that's got his own
yes, in virtualization presentation.
Sexual abuse in detention is a national epidemic that affects us all. We must commit to stopping this crisis.
Who's your Mens's pick for the NCAA brackets?
agreed, but at what point do you pull a start after falling into a 5 run deficit?
this is the problem with many good edu ideas. They aren't all that workable in some real world situations. Good to try, though.
RT #Brooklyn, you busy tonight? Open #Wine & Cheese Party 7-10pm in #Gowanus (8 St &2 Ave). Hit us for address #wine&cheese
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E012>
MSNBC's casting and HR departments are the best in the game. Feel you, and today's guest !
so tell me about this movie that your in? When do we see it
he is the vaginal masta!
Alabama st is getting stomped they should be ashamed.
Thanks very much!
I don't need to know the story on Chris Brown and Rhiana fight , Her face told it all
His butthole won't be able to discriminate any race or plunger
#MomentWhen You Feel like Karma is Taking forever and you do her work =P
Dad passed away 15 years ago today. Can't believe it has been that long. A lot has changed since then
that's right
lets chat about a "fundraiser post" by you on the LFA DMV facebook-email me when u can
Thank you so much for the coffee & donuts this am!
thanks!! It was a pretty incredible night! Next on our agendais - 800 Miamians in Israel April 22nd!
53% of all college-bound students are deficient in writing, reading or math -- and tech. ability. How can we educate these students?
Passion, purpose and faith are an amazing combination.
1000+ at pine & bway according to live stream (& looks plausible)
where & when is a good time 4 u?
Half off wine bottle night !
I believe you can get it 's shop in the Grand Avenue Mall. Is that right Frank?
im sorry but I have NO fucks to give .
haha I know! I am finally catching up with the rest of the world! Next maybe I will learn how to download music?
I love SuJu. But SHINee will always be my number one group.
Danny's raking in the dough today!
Time to take bets. Do you think or will turn their presentation in last?
Boston Fashion Week Celebration Party at BLU downtown Boston
I saw your tweet.....Assumed you had dropped a few years and undergone drastic reconstructive surgery....Too funny.
Don't let your past dictate who you are, but let it be a part of who you will become
#100thingsilove The people in my life
I think there having a reggae fest in Boston I so wanna go....I have to go!!!
Oh my God you guys Madagascar 3
#sxsw here I come!!!! Can't wait!
Don't forget your umbrella! RT : A rainy day today... High 60 deg this afternoon under cloudy/gray skies Should clear up tonight.
Got tickets to the midnight show of hunger games!!!!!! EEP!
dang!, as I like to say. where is your next futurist guest post?
AWWW SHE LOOK SOO HAPPY!OK.OK...ITS JUST REALLY NICE TO SEE GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PEOPLE!
Am I seriously crying durning an episode of bones?
Woah I just went on my first ranting spree... O.o And it felt so good!! Lol
Cast Has To Stay On For Another Week "/
it's sunny in buffalo love <U+2600>
Smug: being the youngest mom in my 12th grader's class. Not-so-smug: being the oldest mom in my kindergartner's class.
New blog post: Who Gets the BCS At-Large Bids #ncaa, #football,
Thx for all the phishing msgs! No, I did not go on a diet and even if I did, I wldn't tweet about it! Sorry about all the spam!
not off the top of my head (copyright is not my thing). If you like I can post to Oregon Women Lawyers. DM me with your email
I asks Hannah (age 3) what her last name is and said: Banana
If you like Never Shout Never, The Ready Set, Stephen Jerzak, or Mayday Parade. I promise you'll love City Scene haha :)
thought that might have been u.
Layin down the Lawson!!
my life is sad
24 year-old right-hander... He was a starter at Triple-A, but will be a long reliever in Yankees bullpen.
i dont think so , and come upstairs u gotta help me
Goin to get my haircut
RT Yo Yo YO! I just KNOW he's gonna pull a Wolf and pitch a GEM today! Hope the Cards enjoy the show!! Go #Brewers!!!!
was selected 4 artist residency doing sound collage production focused on Adam Clayton Powell Jr. & Harlem resident Esther James.
Sounds bad to me.
Hosting book group at my house tonight, doing The Happiness Advantage which....I haven't exactly finished reading yet but, meh.
Setting up the office/practice space to track some demos. Been wanting to do this again for a long time.
- oh goodness, we you were the Law I would get a lot of alcohol and hide (in your office), lol
"I'm gonna close my eyes and rest my head on my desk - but that doesn't mean I'm not super enthusiastic about what you're saying"
In one week I will be decking myself out in neon and pregaming with for at ! AH so pumped!
AP style assignment due tomorrow 10/05. Media release assignment due 10/12.
Going to go antiquing today. Oh yeah, and the doctor.
Wow, #Timeline and #Opengraph look really awesome. I just wish I didn't have to use them with #facebook. I still want to own my data.
Love it. said "hotter than biscuits" for the first time this year. And it's only May. 6:30pm
It's currently dumping snow here in Milwaukee.
but it's #GreenLantern, he who had one of the worst comic book films in the past decade. (I mean Ang Lee is better)
CONTEST: The first person to guess what we had for lunch wins a bag of Doritos! (Must be 21 or older to enter.)
I get really excited when I see D.C. bylines elsewhere, I don't know why
Nice day today.
Love seeing people randomly!!! Lol it's like I haven't seen this guy since middle school and he still looks the same!
I hope I can say that soon! My phone and both cameras are on drugs -_-
Try our San Su twist on summer BBQ!
Steam Punk is here to stay.
Bensinger: bankruptcy court is a great place to look when covering issues of the economic underclass.
I did community theater in Houston and Conroe:)
Hiking in a dress. At least I wore socks and sneakers too.
RT : Playing tunes with Prince Language tonight at Soho Grand. Summer time tunes! / endorse.
“: have a toast with some good wine or some good rum!” Amen, brotha! Great quality time with Pops!
No not Blake
Think I don't care if you want, I'll still do what I need to. Sorry.
Nite! I hope I sleep way better than I did last night!
Just saw 's giant head on a billboard. Wow. Too bad you can't spray paint a mustache on a digital sign.
if only Michael Jordan Was the Michael Jordan of Executives
You are a crazy person.
I think I'd agree - decided a new laptop would be better, esp. if heading to grad school
Live in Santa Fe, work at Los Alamos :) from New Zealand originally
we are gunna upset the Bulls bet it up!! Haha
We think they are great too! Answer the trivia question on our facebook page and you're entered to win the shirt!
Yikes, hope you are kidding! Have fun! RT Bulls game tonight. Going to get all sorts of drunk and murder Tyler Hansborough.
Yo - when are you coming back?
Welcome to the swamp!
I crave a pop about twice a year. Today is one of those days... I'm treating myself to a Dr. Pepper:)
I was at Nick's Fish house today...family business lunch coming soon!
I love protein shakes. They support my stance cooking control.
huge thank you to all who came out to celebrate w/ us on Saturday night #bang25! +2 our glorious presenters/hosts , we <3 you.
Couldn't have said it better #WeSeeYou RT : Some people should really mind their own business
what u want to eat
Good luck with your meetings, girl (maybe play the slots if you have time) xoxo
I make you feel amazing... And I don't get the same.... I hate it
Wish I was near a TV right now so I could watch #106&Park Whitney tribute
what about Cleveland in August
think so
Believe tweeting! I have faith!
Hey, this is a rule in Twitter's TOS. Look it up.
Its like 300 degrees and I'm going to be late for el trabajo
everybody's working for the weekend...hope everyone has a great one:)
This nigga burned people and he laughing his ass off and recording it lmao
So weird buying letters again- for the baby bro!
Good Morning New York!!!
i could have sworn i was a Watson but it says i'm Mycroft Holmes, which i guess is because i weigh 450 lbs. but i guess we're bros.
Thanks so much but I just got one from someone else. Much appreciated!
Congratulations ! #prelingerlibrary rec'd her magisterial Roads to Power, political history of roadbuilding w/digital implications
ESPN 1420 online!
Your back! And I <3 that you yodeled :)
RT: so many patron requests --- this is good right?
your #leftovers sound yummy too!
Hello Monday - Any interesting auctions going on this week?
what about NBA??
think you may be 100% correct on Mavs new look next year. Although, I am a fan of D-West
Time to lay it down and relax wit my wife had a gud day
Asians talk funny
Parades need finales where they go one last lap 60 times the speed. Bands in a full sprint, cars going 80
And that's why you always leave a note!
Time to cut off some loose ends and get rid of people in my life that don't need to be in it whether it be friends or family...
EVERYBODY KNOW ME HOE........
my whole timeline consists of when peoples birthdays are.. haha
Still have 100% confidence in David Robertson. Could not ask for anyone better to take over for Mo
- omg I'm sweating a lot... Does that happen when you eat too much butter??? Does it just come out of you? Me- umm???
Should I tell this guy his shirts on backwards....
If you aren't sitting by a pool today, you need to be
Halo! Gud evening!
Will it be ready by 10AM CST Monday? :-D
AMEN! Im so tired of her! you did an amazing job!
Listening to Matthias Goerne sing Schubert when you're crazy hormonal and crying at the drop of the hat is probably not advisable.
Listening to & the Allman Brothers Band sets from as background music for my studying.
Oh yeah.... just got home. Check out your website - really nice layout! Did you do it yourself?
Have a safe trip Get a pic with JLO when you in Los Angeles
I kno my tweets hit home for somf..but fuck it
#Winter is coming! On average, Washington, DC gets 16.6 inches of snow per year. In the winter of 2010, we got over 55 inches!
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #followMONDAY 1
Police announce #occupyLA has ten minutes to disperse
Thinking of renaming my presentation Kindle iPad Smackdown
RT Well.. Rise and Shine. Thanks to the Lord for extending my time!
What's goin on tonight?
Where'd you go?
Bad day for arsenal and for france. Sagnaaaa
its a good way to live. otherwise i feel mundane. and i hate things that are mundane. Carpe Diem!
the road was a lot less forgiving today than the treadmill but I made it. You better get ready.
Two quarterfinal games in the books. Twenty-five goals scored by the winners.
Drake concert is in a month exactly :) my bday present to myself is gonna be so much fun
A great Grizz game last night!!! It was good seeing my old friend Gary. I see some cold beer in the near future.
Finally arrived in Vancouver. And am ready for luggage to arrive as well!
Alex Smith over #Peyton?! Peyton at 75% gives you a better chance of winning than miracle-season Smith.
quit crying
RT : REMINDER: Tomorrow is FREE COMIC BOOK DAY! Come by bright 'n' early. I'll have some Thin Mints for folks (while supplies last.)
Feeling kind of down but I have my bff to cheer up.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Thanks for checking in on Foursquare!
goodnight n be careful out there.
CULINARY WORD OF THE DAY: Hyssop - A slightly bitter, minty herb with aromatic, dark green leaves.
I hate when teenagers pick on little kids. Like for real? Grow up, soon please?
you ever go night night nigga?
Kirwan: Sensible policies will have little impact if the rising costs of higher education are not addressed
RT : Congrats ! MT CCS members can share the FIRST all electric Mitsubishi iMiEV in California...
this white girl and that girl anija
Oh #groundlings #MerylStreep thank you for your genius and inspiration
If its anything like those volcano tacos I am in trouble
Who wants a #SHOUTOUT ? Reply "ME" Must be following <U+2606><U+25BA> <U+25C4><U+2606>
How long have you had this account???
yes, we found DimDim didn't meet our needs for reliability and functionality and their customer service was super slow (by weeks )
No, not at all. I'm not that into reggae either. Solidarity!
can you please follow 1dog rescue on twitter! Thanks.
gonna send more pictures tomorrow!!
omg i thought you had one of the books at home ahahahahah
Congratulations on your engagement! ;-}
Did you Know that ScanMyFiles offers affordable book and photo scanning? Let us help you put all your favorite books and photos on your ipad
hows your foot?
Funny, refers to Adam as HIS boyfriend.
Nice..keep it up and never give up!!. ;)
good to know! out of loop past 10 days w fam crisis but bk to sanity now-think?!
I am so tired of these chrome Internet commercials. I get it. You're fast. Yeesh!
I just got to Australia :) so I'm unpacking all my shit
The sad thing is...I'm starting to think u don't like me as u used to..</3
Many thanks. Looking forward to MW2012!
Need to sell my Eddie Vedder tixs - below cost - message me if interested.
yeah.....it feels like *2004 Nomar* all over again....that turned out just fine.
well in wm, it's easier to find a blowjob before finding an actual job.
you'll forever be known to all our boys as big sloppy nig, or any variation of the nickname
RT : #BC with more players remaining in the playoffs by far over any team in
Tonight: The Walkmen and New Pornographers concert for Wil's bachelor party. Better than stripping women grinding jaundice into his lap.
Kind of fried after long software training this afternoon.
I still think The Resistance is Drake's best song and probably always will be
Love your product! Drinking chia seeds is fun AND delicious!
lol yeah and I haven't done anything on it yet!! #screwed but we have tomorrow to work on it too #procrastination :)
Ed Sheeran's eyes give me chills like in the close up on the small bumps video
“: Four popes have died while participating in sexual acts.”
oh snap!! ouch. i'm feeling the heat from that one all the way out here. (that was rly good actually xD)
being humble..and loyal..
Seriously , you talk about Barak enough, we're looking for a leader, we already know #Obama is
Thanks for your RTs today!
bio, chem is basically another math class. Unless you like math, in which case disregard bio and go with chem.
The best investment you can make is the investment in yourself
I just read last year 4,153,237 ppl got married. I don't want to start any trouble, but shouldn't that be an even number?
#AskAlexConstancio are you and the crew coming to Austin soon?! :)
#CentralOnline! Welcome Paul
Available in 3 different flavors.. Vanilla, Mocha, and Original. Try all 3 today. lol
RT money come and go but that pride you live wit!!!
- Absolutely, would love that. :) Having some grub at the conference now.
why the celtics don't take Blatche? i think he is a great player...
Guess what? It's Friday! Enjoy your day....however I know it would be better with a cupcake!! :)
Wilderness bound with all my faves for some serious fun in
Orlando on Thursday for Relay for Life Summit. RT: ITS SUMMIT WEEK!!!
Remember: You have the right to phone home. Don’t be discouraged from contacting your loved ones.
where's CJ? First time seeing the Flyers
Every parent of Youth & HS football players should ask your child's AD what they are doing to make football safer in 2012 than 2011?
I have a friend at LAC in Ottawa who's worried too :( Hang in there! I'm at the Library of Congress, in the Law Library
i just now have been #Shutdown im #DONE with ppl tellin me what to do and what not to do im #DONE its so annoying ppl dnt understand
Sometimes things work against you when you do too many things!
meron reblogging me on tumblr, yet she say she was going to sleep? ol' lying ahh ! hahaha!
Nothing like laying out in the summer sun! Feels great
did u know the pension debackle started with the republicans in city council wanting the GOP conference. took $ from pension
Hi, I <3 U I am your fan n°1 and i am french and you are very nice,cute and biutiful i love your songs !! :)
that explains why ppl die to come here! capitalism is evil & health insurance ruins lives
I'd love to see a venn diagram of people who talk about "nano-targeting" & those who have the skills to do "nano-targeting"
Each of you as received a gift to use to serve others. Be good servants of God's various gifts of grace. ~ 1 Peter 4: 10
don't start no shit it won't be no shit!
Gliffy! I found it Google-searching!
There are still some courts open, got game?
I think there is a rule that sisterinlaws get a free pass, yanno, to test the services before offering them to the public.
I had a friend who lived like this... This friend sought to do things that others would find interesting.
If Obama wants to assist the ability to repay student loans, he needs 100% Sec 504 & ADA enforcement against licensing entities
RT : Marine & Project Coordinator is now proud Oliver resident
aaw i saw the incondicional video..but they didnt show everything
I AM NOT WATCHING ANY MORE GOD DAMN INSIDE THE DEVIL ADS!!!! ARHHH!H!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Happy Friday!! Start the weekend off right, with a NEW look. Stop in and see us today at our NEW salon location. 614.447.2600
#ronpaul is our chance to get back on track!
Amazing day and night. <U+E328>
They killed my lil homie in these streets so I say fuck all these niggas
Cool Build Diamond Engagement Ring images
COngratulations on a great win!
Winter has yet to arrive in Virginia Beach! Think it will? It's the season of rest.
Omfg they escaped the volcanic island again!
U better believe a sistah will be taking a nap as soon as she leaves here cuz I will be very grouchy for the rest of the day if I don't.
Just finished a day on set and my demo reel is split into 3 so I can put on actors access and la casting.
Hi from Fla. I do librarian-like stuff thru Twittr= share info on learning, science, health, YA books+ get author info
#MONSTERJAM is today Yes, it required caps because it's MONSTERJAM!
exit row, aisle seat…. as close to the front as possible! plz and thank you :)
i chose the former
Create a sense of urgency in your communications message.
There is no better song right now than 's #BOYFRIEND Its amazing!
The most common name in Italy is Mario Rossi.
GETTING READY TO STEP OUT.. STOPPING BR BROADWAY THEN ILL BE AT COCO IF YOU NEED ANYTHING (VIP ETC.) CALL OR TEXT 210-789-9079 !!! BE SAFE
This day 1957: Edward Bulwar Cochems Died. Former University of Wisconsin star. Credited w/developing the forward pass in football.
twister probably less intense if they would have had a gps
I didn't know Paul Wesley was on Law and order SVU.. Not used to seeing him as a normal person,lol
Gonna Eat Then Call My Booskii.....Cause I Can Do That
ok so then, if we are motivated to obey the law, should we have a similar motivation for prayer?
:) good. Oh, you look super gangster in your pic by the way (;
gosh I think we were made for each other..marry me? I'm pretty fed up with the male species
“: Will talk later- I'm off to eat Fish oil. :6” Eat good :p lol
Fingers crossed for #4 Super Saver and #7 Amer Lion
Watching at #imediasummit they just launched something called conversion buddy..sounds cool.
don't come at me, not like your gifts are very creative
Ok send a PDF to desirablemag.com/submission
Aw thanks! I'm glad your day is going Wonderful Hun! :)
been digging the foggy weather in Philly the last couple days; add a little blues and it's perfect
I should share a photo from new years...kid looks like he's a natural
BUZZ, a young adult novel set in S Texas about a boy & a girl & a beekeeper - available in English paperback and e-book & in Chinese e-book
Poised Creation uses several different models of success theory when consulting artists!
sadly no. Got in late Tuesday night, sessions all day yesterday and today, leaving tomorrow. Sad face.
Sunday writing with Kanye. Not sure which part's weirder.
work trip?
oh ya know chilling lol how was your day?
I'm so distracted by what's on Christina Aguilera's head tonight. I wanna like her but she annoys the hell out of me on this show
oh dang your in the UK so its evening already over there! were still mid day here in LA
Ugly people who call other people ugly<<<<<<<<<<< u need to look in the mirror
don't let anyone else create who u are. god put u here for a reason, and u should always remember that u are beautiful as u :)
I won't even be home until 10:00 =( I can't wait to see you!!!
Acidic drinks and cleaners will no doubt etch marble and cleaning alone will not do anything to alleviate it.
GM to all the wonderful people making a change in this world and everyone using their energy on positive things!
I would marmot sex that but this is a family-friendly feed.
Light Skinned Niggas eat they Chicken with a Fork! Ol' Prissy asses..
thank god footballs back baseball that's boring
Yeti Mic, why did you have to fail me when I had one chance to interview a student for an Orientation video? Thank goodness for backups.
Kick back at my house. Msg for detes
Enough. I need to visit and read ' blog. Happy Easter.
Who talked big? Deangelo signed back with Carolina. They are looking at Mcgahee. And talks are heating up with Miami for Orton. They jus ...
Off to the Flagstaff Ranch for #ALADN dinner
go ahead and change the programs name to "as long as skip is on stage right, we're only talking about tebow"
Happy birthday to all you Feb 29 people go wild you only celebrate your b'day once every 4years !! :D
Good #PMA morning to you, friends!
I'm loving that Vince/Dirk two man game. We are going to see more of that.
thanks homie-friend-pal-mcbuddy to the max!
*These Bitches Calling Me Manning, Eli!*
Read the complete case study by 1SmartPuppy here!
The picture on the Glee soundtracks make me want a slushee
they only play freshmen. RT “: Why are Kentucky'a starters still in?”
- my only point was that we should remember that everyone is trying. : )
Great to know you'll call me a jerk and leave me when I'm having a bad day
tell me about it ! Haha. ;p
oh, come on Bama ... I only kid because I care
I've fallen and I can't get up. Help!
I am! Hahaa #NoShame RT So I heard is a terrible driver!:o
i dont get itt. who cares if she called you annoying, your not going to care 20 years from now. get over itt!
#swYIN workshop on "Design Thinking" from #inventedhere ! Those guys rock!
I have the best Wife, She brought home Salty Fish Fried rice for lunch (Hom Yu Gai Lap Chow Fan), one of my favorites. nom nom nom
#favmoviequote "Bitch I don't know your life!"
Thanks for your help since I'm a
So exciting! Been following you since the first news reports.
GUYS I SWEAR TO JEZZZUS, IF COMES TO MICHIGAN WHEN I AM THERE IN DECEMBER I WILL PEE.
why do niggas cheat?
I Cried When ... I cry every time misses a Austream :'(
It's FINALLY Friday!! Let's knock it outta the park & call it a day! Have a great one everybody! Happy #FF!!
RT : MOM ALWAYS SAID study hard, go to university, get a good job, earn more money and you will be happy. It's a lie!
Little miss laying the sun, got a lot on her mind, and to get off her chest, dreaming to live life out on the west
Now following
Need a change of scenery ASAP! Someone save me
Happy birthday to the girl who took 3.4 shots and passed out. #$3.91gas
3 new questions in #SportingExplore Live Play, including who will commit 1st foul of 2nd half. Lock in your answers!
The $1 Million Facebook Experiment supports a different charity each month, both national and local. Member donate $1 per month.
Too many sunny days & God must make it rain to cool it down, but it will return to beautiful weather..
Lots of tablets and cell phones recording Jesse Jackson's sermon at Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church in Eatonville.
Your Best Wifee Ever!!
What about when your with your wife & kids? You still look like Mj? I can't lie that's kinda cool!
Miss you!
Sure wish the Twitter gods would quit screwing with my punctuation. (Is there a period at the end of that sentence? I put one there.)
Here are three things you can do to recover from a crash. 1. Pres Ctrl + ALT + Delete then click on task manager and end the application...
Pointcast or it didn't happen
Just got cussed out by an angry customer because we are closing. I walked away and ignored him.
If I could be someone else for a week, I'd spend it chasing after you
webinaring also. there are three at this hour today that i wanted to do. you'd think our small field could plan better.
Thanks, Evan
Thanks Fiona. I'm pretty awesome
Make the most of what you have because you definitely have more than others.
A fascist plaza that smells perpetually of Pizza Hut? The West Bank IS America
Is there a better version than one tailored to their device resolution?
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?
that sounds fantastic right now
I look forward to that post. After posting it, I thought there are ways that it does not fit.
Scarlett,it is flippin freezin tonight here in "Joe Jaaaaah"...its some arctic freeze. Balmy nights on porch & juleps soon.
My favorite show! Summer is so much better with Psych :)
Van Persie: "He scores when he wants." Tevez: He plays when he wants." Big difference.
It's in our moment of decision that our destiny is shaped -Tony Robbins. Keep smiling. #sales #motivation #inspiration #fitness #weight loss
Mike Brown finally made a good decision.. 2 first round picks for Carson! I'll take that, Thank you very much!!!!
We speak to the men from the college pipeline to the pros, to business of football, player development to exit symposium.
missing irc with you at AoIR this year :-)
hahahaha he looks miserable
At home chilling on the couch.Enjoying lifee
Don't judge us for shooting somebody. We would have happily kicked him in the head a dozen times, but we simply couldn't get close enough.
Just paid my yearly fee to Life Line... think it is good insurance. $100. per year per person...
Ty Wigginton RT : Who holds the single-season rookie record for extra-base hits?
go on youtube and type in " . "
Already my Brother ,it looks like we might open our offices in Miami,so ill Going back and force from Houston to Miami.
Asked if he follows racing Romney said, "Not as closely as some of the most ardent fans, but I have friends who are NASCAR team owners" LOL!
#battleship and #darkshadows at the drive-in this weekend, who wants to go?
Many many people want to master social media, but don't know how to use it to get t their desired results. Please share your best tips?
im still upset after hearing that the Thrashers are leaving Atlanta...but if they are going anywhere im glad that its Canada
They did have Dave Rayner in for a tryout, too.
LOVE LOVE LOVE !
Reading "Wicked", and Galinda's college has quatrefoil windows :)
They say music can make you and Aulture you can it load a gun and cock it to?? I didn't think so ...
-we cheered when we scored a point- Girl on the other team; Clam Down! ,Me; You calm down . You did the same thing bro.
Happy Mothers' Day everyone! How are you celebrating your mom today?
what kind do you want?!
Haven't been, but would involve music, casinos, incredible restaurants and concerts galore!
Also, no iphone support in your app for Milwaukee. Thought you went live today?
HAha im listening to you right now <3 haha Follow me I need more followers
Our friends out west are calling for applications for their Emerging Voices Fellowship. Why wait, act now! ...Run, don't walk! Take the...
Ahh, I hibernated this winter :) But I'm awake now!
people don't want you to give them money they want you to give them a way to earn ther money
Sign up for the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com
You moving back to Los Angeles? Whole county is one big hood!
Why is OK to go after the 1st lady, but not Ann Romney??? Its fair game. Deal with it righties.
Release the power that resides within you and witness the power of God...That's living the good life!
If the House-passed cut, cap and balance plan is bad, why don't Senate Dems allow a vote, go on record against a balanced budget amendment?
New phone is totally fucking awesome!!!
Yeah, might not be a red head anymore!
I love your "Blackbird" even more than I love your "God Bless the Child!"
this is Twitter not English class, gotta get under the max characters....
What’s Oodle, my Noodle? What’s Toaster, my Strudel? What’s drawing, my doodle? What’s that puppy, a poodle?
Comments like this only perpetuate racism itself. I'm sorry that you feel this way. Sammy was and is a true professional.
wait you mean to tell me that nobody wants to go to Amherst Mass for spring break?
Kisses to all my fans and haters, you are my biggest inspiration.
she's a cutie pie!
or text msg alert text fastmoving to 96362
you have a twitter account?!! Lol
my work phone has been ringing off the hook today! -___-
is that the HOOD BURGER?! bet you ain't eat it all in one sitting
Do you use Raw Elements Sunscreen? We want to hear from you! Pls post pict on our FB page!
Thanks for the follow.
You should call it, "and this is why i am not married yet"
To be successful u have to be willing to do things others wont do. Thats what seperates good from great, doing the little things 10% better
there's a meet here in PA in September I'm considering entering, if my wife will approve LMAO
In route for the new #1 Saturday night party!! #KlusozsSaturdays ALL LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT! 281 @ Redland Rd. Join me. Dress nice. Leegoooo!
We have a winner!! RT NBC Favorites, Canadians and Floridians, Flyovers and Teams that Air Too Late to Watch
I really should study before the night of the test for French. Cramming doesn't work great for foreign languages.
How u been my gorgeous stranger friend x
i miss ya boo
Carroll: OA is about responding to an opportunity, rather than responding to a threat.
Off tomorrow.
Just recorded a voice over at a studio that reocorded in. I think I deserve a drink.
It's kind of sad that it takes a girl committing suicide to get people's attention about the problems of bullying.
Spending time with the Chief Whip of the ANC.
watching koreans karaoke.
Turns out it was just practicing with is Flacco dummy!!!!
Brewster Kahle: 10 million scanned volumes requires only a closet's worth of servers; about $30k in funds. Doable even for modest libraries.
did u invite Ashley Judd to play?
New UST research shows 57% of homes sold in TC last month were foreclosures or short sales. Good news: traditional home sales up 8%.
Is it bad I don't want to go bridal registry shopping. Some guy told me it took him & his wife 6 hrs What r u shopping 6 hrs for Like really
I thought I would get ahead of the curve, so today I used tons of ironic jokes for racist effect.
I hope #Someday soon will follow me!!! #neversaynever right?!?
Goonsquad?????? Ha ha ha
I love heels. I love feeling tall. <U+E13E><U+E328>
This terrible woman live tweeted with her mouth during the entire show. My prob w it all, it's unprocessed word spew. Shut up, watch it...
Christmas with 1b was good. But my present isn't ok.. -,-
OMG LEBRON HIT A SHOT WITH LESS THAN 40 SECONDS TO GO! OMG BUT HE SUCKS! HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?
There's always going to be something that trys to get in your way of being and doing your best... fuck what others say... love been you.
what the hell am I going to do with all these plantains?!
Juvenile justice ideal is children can be rehab'ed w right environment - but black children were considered degenerate from birth.
Miss you too mami. :( Pasatela super!!
cater a grad party with the hotdog cart? :) DM me if that's a possibility. Thanks!
I wish I was asleep instead of watching this blow out
oh my goodness, bring the dogs and it would be my fantasy meal.
Ive been there to perform
There's something inherently funny about a website called "The Top 10 Secret Societies."
"Then bowed down the cherry tree to his mother's hand. . " Pentangle’s recording of The Cherry Tree Carol on the album Solomon’s Seal (1972)
im about to have a skype date with this kidd making fun of the lakers...t-.-t not looking forward to this!
u need to get wit me next time u in baltimore just ask
"Healing is freedom"
What if you honestly want her and not me ? >>>>>
Can I come?(;
Wow a $1000 julep on NBC for #DerbyDay. Yeah that's bourbon, mint, sugar, and ice - a thousand dollars.
Happy Bday to my beautiful daughter :::BIG KISSES:::
Tough loss, but what a sweet half court shot at the buzzer. Too bad it wasn't a 2 point game.
#oasis should have broken up a long time ago.
don't lie to me.
Regardless of the channel, we need to make sure ppl are mindful and responsible [in journalism]
Cooking channel : great events for quick and easy dishes. TWEET YOUR RECIPES Bobby Flay
"The fitness industry doesn't educate people." Our advantage.
Hope you're having a great start to the weekend in Hampton Roads!
there's a new holmes??
BYNUM 2O SOME YRS OLD WITH ALL THAT GREY ASS HAIR!
the average life-expectancy of a nursing home resident at admission is 6 months. Trauma counseling is just as important as health services.
CBB...Under 107.5 Notre Dame vs. S.Fla....7-6 this week counting today's loss w/Kan. ST...Leaned to SJST...NBA posted earlier...Good Luck!!!
Funny, only liberals have ever threatened to kill me. Seems they don't like uppity gays.
Come out to see all the up coming shows!!!! UABB show April 11th & Eyes Set To Kill on April 15th both at House of Rock!!! RT
Clone of Clone of "Decent" Performance Not Good Enough Against Miami
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels, or another Guy Ritchie film
I told you goatees are creepy. Go full beard or go home.
awesome, glad to hear! Life is good, new client projects, speaking gigs. We're healthy. Summer's hit Chicago. All good, lol!
Fletcher said changing laws, not enforcement, can help combat the drug problem. :
Do you have a photo?
RT : Mentoring’s dirty little secret: It’s selfish—makes you feel good about yourself and cornerstone to your success.
We 2 will play @ Ultimate Sports Center,
if it dont make dollars it dont make since
But first we fix the phones.
Conan making no money. Bad reviews. Still wanna see it.
Bingo cards gets you the following: Pet Shop-3 goldfish for $1.99. Florist 10% off on select items (on Bingo Sundays only).
Colin O'Brien playing at linneman's tonight as the feature. If you aren't here, you're missing it.
Listening to Clint Black...what ever happened to him?
RT Thanks to one and all for a great #asecs12! If you stayed in a hotel, don't forget to tip the cleaning staff.
Happy Easter people!
#BRITEconf folks: After requests last year, I am tweeting today's playlist (music during breaks) tagged as #BRITEtunes (and #BRITEconf)
A very white draft for the queens.
discovering the edibility of pumpkin seeds: either best or worst thing that's ever happened. how much salt can be safely consumed?
UM, I like, miss you. And your girlfriend.
I think everyone but me felt the earthquake.
I realize this is a mouthful, but Jay Pharaoh may be the least funny cast member in SNL history.
No Doubt
:: Ummpt , Smdh I Mad That I Forgot What He Said Bout You Thoo .
- "hey cupcake, you're an awesome hostess. thanks for the wine. you deserve a quality face fucking." (couldn't help myself)
We're finally booking again! Looking forward to seeing some familiar places and faces starting January.
Off to host an event!
you were such a pretty face, but you ended up being a pretty big waste of time.
On Pandora and about to surf some internet. lls
Sylvia, you are too kind!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Benzie moms out there! :)
Getting more and more depressed about no Packers today
I NEED MORE SLEEP #<U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
thanks for the invite
haha your out of office reply is amazing have a good time in barca ! hope to hear from you when you're back (..from a win..)
Yes, this is so true. Thanks.
Report to Twitter and SDPD-done.
Thanks. Happy New Year!
tell me why my feel still hurt from yesterday...):
Days like today were made for Happy Hour!
I hope 2012 will bring many new opportunities!
Lol you crazy you gone have them thirsty niggas in ya inbox
ur too much of a rook to get white mocha tho
Thanks Jon
Going OK, thanks. That House vote is very disappointing.
Always a pleasure to see you in class!!
Nope. What's the Hershey fail story? And does it come with and without almonds?
If you have something to say tell me directly.I tweet how I feel and never disrespect anyone who follows me or who I follow.
ok... important question... America needs to know, what is Gary's daily caffeine intake?
I'm coming steaming with some nerf guns hot stuff
LOL I am right there with you! RT : Missoni at Target. I'd be more excited if I looked good in horizontal stripes.
You rule, Jordan, thanks for the kind words. Shared them with the team.
We're BACK online!!! Please stop in and see us again!
Planning to walk two miles after work tonight. That's a lot of cold fresh air.
Got gas? Chewing gum could be the culprit, I’m just saying…
I know how you feel man I gotta leave Charlotte in a week
haha, the precision agency hates u too critta
Brewers Win......Now The Packers Gotta Win. The Defense went from.bad to worse...smh
Let's get it in overtime
Make it about ME for '12!
Might as well go for round 2 tonight!
Do I look like a guy???
Resting up for what can only be a pivotal next year. That and soldering like a fool. Bring it, 2012. Me and the flux pen are ready.
Happy New Year to you, Lori!! Much success and happiness to you in the coming year. xoxo
Ive enjoyed my days off but now Im ready to get back to business!
Same Here!!! But We Open One (: Merry Christmas!! <333
Best pass I've seen Leino make in his entire #sabre career
training for #scrum today. doing things
I am so falling for you <3 :) in a good mood
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Angel King °Rising 10th °Las Cruces, NM °Travel Team: Legends °Point Guard 5’6
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1965 Martin Luther King Jr. led a group of 25,000 to the state capital in #Montgomery,
I'll make sure these are on my list ;)
I laugh every time I see you pin something under "black people"
If you want to check out some news for me and my TV Show go on iNickelodeonShow`s website,my website or on Nick!
...I hadn't thought of that.
Another Beautiful day in the land of MAGIC........ 79°F Current: Clear Wind: SW at 0 mph Humidity: 89%
I hate being a girl.
nice.. did u start playing with Siri? :)
RT : Thank you all for joining our facebook page! Here is a quick fact: According to the University of Michigan, the......
head down. head up. head down. head up. rinse. repeat.
I am capable of managing my own life. I deal with my own issues, I don't ask you to solve them for me. its MY life!!
do you have a pass to the rbc??
YOU will regret this some day my Love, you will...
Fantastic Indiana Real Estate report for August: The median sale price of homes increased 1.7% (IE home values are on the rise)
i hope R starts Nelson Cruz for Hart tomorrow.
Caught my parents cuffing and shit.. Aw!
Love that feeling! Same with sore traps. A good day of deads will often provide both.
damn a nerd crush...a crush period
Looking forward to checking out your eChat on the internal site. I am sure my 6yr old would love this app!
I'll bet. I'm drowning in hospital bills over there. Can't believe they charged me $3 for a Motrin.
“I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.” Thomas A. Edison
Thank you :D
I don't feel like getting up in the morning
Be proud to be out of your mind and out of control - Eminem
Turn To You proved once again that Justin is still kidrauhl. Still adoring his mom and thanking her for making him such a strong person.
8 hours from now well be seeing the Refused. 10 hrs from now we won't have voices. Can't believe this day is finally here.
Anyone who doesn't is a big fat liar. “: Raise your hand if your bracket is in the garbage can right now.”
Don't forget about Open Mic wednesdays at get down here with an instrument or just yourself!
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas. - Marie Curie
Registered for the 2012 Bourbon Chase...looking forward to it already.
OK, will check it out..your response: absolutely not (in support of the system) or (won't answer on Twitter) ???
Please let me know if you are interested in HP P4000 certification (and if you plan to go to HP DISCOVER this year)............
its long should i cut it really short
I give you a round of applause haha :p I'm bout to be watching ur 20k ustream haha
On set filming right now...
Your site brings me happiness every day. So many happy endings for these beautiful creatures. Keep up the great work!
The best sessions do this: post materials in advance, meaningfully engage participants to create new.
541 VIEWS! WOOH! <3 (now that i'm awake I can thoroughly freakout)
In losing UT committee members, I gained them again as outside letter-writers. Not the worst thing in the world. Helpful, even.
Just found about 8 pieces of furniture I want in the West Elm catalogue. Happy birthday to me? Pretty please?
#swagswagswagonyou !!!! I love youu please follow me?
well we now share the same last name and initials lol :)
A warm-up violation? Were they wearing hoodies?
inda bay... U Eva out here
Done with the graveyard shift ! Heading home!
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 19
Wearing shorts in 58 degrees weather. Yuup.
I feel like crying cuz I wanna be with my mommy wish she was here everyday :'(
Are you performing at the Comedy Cellar in NYC any time soon?
he took a little nap and now he's his old self.
itz hard to think when my mind goes blank
The shows This Friday Jan 27, @ N'AWLINS located on 170th Torrence, Lansing Il, showcase starts at 8p.m. 21+ Lots of Great peformances!!
Shout out to Murphy over #virginolivemarket great food!
Howdy! Hope you're well. RT : BTW, hi !
You'll just have to make it to the June PLN, m'dear. MARK YOUR CALENDAR! :D
i understand, rooting for sports teams is emotional, not usually logical.
IKR!!! i mean seriously why would someone do that
i love watching on ABDC!! ive been a fan of his dancing for a while & this is just AMAZING! :) <U+2665>
I just want to cry
To get followers you need to start following. Find the right people to follow and then they will give the word to follow you.
Big wind storm #thismorning in #SaltLakeCity. Power is out all over town. The Davinci tech team is amazing and our power never went out!
Is anyone having issues with #MobileMe ?
if you bring me a firefighter I might be ok with it? Let's go grocery shopping!
question- have you seen Razor or The Plan?
How many people from the U.S. are visiting London for #ds12 at the end of May? I know there's a sponsored delegation.
*perk* ...raining men?
Cross-eyed man saw that I was sitting next to him on the plane and lifted our shared arm rest up before even I sat down. This should be fun.
What? Drake never made it to Oregon? Oh snap- there goes the legend of 1 Eyed Willy!
yes I did. I'll look forward to that email.
Nice :) Seen and tweets following last night's Late Night performance?
Unscramble this spy word, DM or reply answer and I'll DM you the #CovertTU password for tonight! The word: FRAITNILTOIN
Wish yuh were too!
exactly you have no come back bc you know it's true.
What's for lunch? ________
Ron Paul's NO ONE BUT PAUL money bomb breaks two million dollars!
“: #wpa11 Thought-provoking presentation by on participation. How do we/ should we assess it?” Thanks for coming!
Excelling is a pilgrimage whose course and duration cannot be seen -
omg I love that song!! Bahah it's been stuck in my head all day!
Whistling Straits is Kohler-owned, but in Sheboygan. It's quite a pretty setting, even if you're not into golf.
Genius line RT RT Group headed by Magic Johnson has bought the $640M Mega Millions jackpot for $2.1B
Have to refocus myself I forgot what I was about and what I looked forward to its never to late
your nu look make u more fabulicious! E
got you.... DM me your email address....
Okay I have to say something. If I don't make money with art I can't buy materials or eat. Marketing is essential for me.
where u at? not here.
LOL! Duke football and tough place to play should never be used in the same sentence. Thanks.
P. Diddy should just show up in a tux made from $1000 bills. Let's be serious
thanks for all the RBB support! Stay tuned for cool Red Black & Blonde DVD and comic news coming this summer
RT : #2012GEO Dave Greco at NFF says more nonprofits need to ask themselves 'what is the fully loaded cost of operating our...
Got some good work in this morning now tournament later tonight
Google for Entrepreneurs Hits Nashville
We know there has to be a fit between our Security Professionals and the Security Staffing needs your organization has to fill.
might know someone.
Go fuck yourself with a corn cob.
I think it would be VERY interesting to invite ACTUAL teens to come to any training for libraries that is ABOUT teens & ask them to comment.
Air on one day. Heat on the next. Dear Weather, get it together.
Wait. They're remaking The Thin Man with Johnny Depp & Debra Messing? Oh no
#RITZ2 this Friday || FREE FOR ALL!! | Ladies FREE Ciroc Shots ALL NIGHT !! | $10 Pitchers | $5 Wings |
Greater men have tried and failed to besmirch your honor, sir. You definitely could mess with Texas.
What #gigs do you WANT in the #SFBayArea? #Promoters let us help you! Sign on to Shastic.com and take advantage of #Viral Mktg in #Facebook!
follow me :-)
Prolly my favorite song to play on the guitar. Makes me wanna grow.
No mention of the 28.79 second tater trot?!
that makes me smile lots. Does she have a name?
RETWEET IF U HAVE Bieber Fever
Great article and reminder to all that SocMed is the fuel but face-to-face instills credibility. cc:
Washington State Cougars ‘Cougars Basketball ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
karma is similar 2 ur shadow it follows u whereever ur going but in due time it'll stepped out of your flesh & show your true identity.
Anyone else think Braun could have had an inside the park hr last night had he not fell down?
Excellent fan base tonight!
Guy across from me in the library is writing a paper while wearing sunglasses. Did I mention we are in the basement?
Pleased with this morning's Job Search Networking Group. 10 participants, lots of great ideas about using LinkedIn and Twitter in a search
I just added #milliondollardiva to my wish list - even though I'm a man. ;-)
So I'm really sick and I can't find anyone to work for me/Beth
It's not too late. “: It has just occurred to me how quickly I'm growing apart from my high school friends.”
and then you can start flight shopping in earnest!
So tired of the rain
Daughter is hysterical. She says it's because she doesn't want to go to bed. But we both know she's upset about D. Rose.
moving on.
Our 1st ONLINE SPECIAL is here! Buy any 5 session pack, & get 2 sessions FREE! 7 for 5! Our way of saying Happy Holidays to you! Now-Dec31st
Can I Get A Hello Gorgeous? Or I Love You Brianna?(: Please<3
RT : does that also go for machines in Atlantic City and in casinos everywhere?? <= Yes
There are more than 1 million people living in the U.S. w/ HIV/AIDS. has been serving this community in NV for 25+ years!
see also: The Middle East.
he's staying til tuesday....surprise!
Have a #safeflight1D aawww, we're so sweet (;
Turns out I'm not allergic to chigger bites but to poison ivy.
Good point, hadn't even thought of that. Would there be an uproar if Nike put a much bigger swoosh across the chest?
same.. there's a compass/sass + responsive bof right now i think
and Steven A Smith are ridiculous. You can't blame Melo for these losses. You guys are so unfair.
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter for the latest weather-related news!
": lol yh follow me back one time too! <U+E40E>"-- loll I was done following u Shane.
Headed to SOFA New York and then into Brooklyn for 's b-day party!
hey I'm thinking about doing a juicing fast for 30 days and then starting the paleo diet again. What you think?
I'm sorry but if all your pictures on your twitter are all of you doing the same pose everyday i'm just going to think your conceited.
Woke up with sore neck not the best for going to gym. This 5 am morning thing got to stop what the heck?
So far this month I have used 90 minutes of out-of-network minutes and sent 1200 text messages. The modern world is a little unsettling ...
Next episode...we're talking about gaming! Role-playing games, video games what have you!!
Author Verne Meyer ("The College Writer" "COMP") will speak @ 11AM session on relational approaches to teaching
Happy Birthday all the same!
feeling alone an weak
Philly Bound bout to go prom shopping
Yes, we were discussing your "Accidental Conversations" book, and the fact that many conversations that seem accidental are not!
Why, thank you! RT : you are a dream come true.
It's already scheduled on the planning/construction web site... I'm enjoying this too, btw..
Happy 176th birthday to Mark Twain! Re-read Huck Finn for a full range of American masculinity!
Just found Gaithers A Christmas Homecoming...OMG, talk about memories! Favorite song is Amen, by Larnelle Harris
Uh oh... Should I have said goodbye before leaving for the week? Or are you among the first?
i love it when they call me a "faggot" when they're one too lol
agreed #noheart #timeforchange literally fed up at this point....hard to even watch them
is it showing in Columbus? I want to see it :-)
My Mom Has Raised Me With No Dad
You know you have my vote.
denny's for the win!
I aim for perfection in everything,nothing more nothing less! In a chance to reach perfection we catch excellence
thank you for being a supporter! God bless you friend!
Bout to watch Think Like A Man
Hey how are you??(: I Love You!<3
Not crazy about snow in April! Great time to get some last minute winter photos though!
i wish you would notice me just once :(
I don't see why anyone would want to be on the Madden cover
I haven't checked this, but I think a lot of my large tweet lengths are due to links. (I'm not yet in the bit.ly habit)
I'm sorry everyone is freaking out -___- I'm happy for you if anything :)
Just got done with the 6... still awed by the awesome power of and love those guys.
My List 1. Sleep all day. ChEcK
is doing a free giveaway tonight!!!!!! #FREE #S2LC gear!!!! Seriously don't miss out and look into the brand!!! Loyal few.
uh, just did the exact same thing. Whoops....
Oh - and if you wanted to know what it was without clicking the link: The Kamikaze Hearts - Half of Me
Thanks to the people would follow me!!
Friday Facts! on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about #diabetes, pls join the conversation!
trying to motivate myself to go to Zumba this morning.
follow instructions, follow directions and be ready to walk through the door - no excuses, asking no favors!
yeah i know what u mean I dont b adding no one myself.. Damn near everyone on my fb requested me
Create a new account?
of course you did ;)
What problems have you had with credit card companies?
Enjoy earth day tonight at 6P as Kiehl's Lenox Square unveils the limited edition Kiehl's Superbly Restorative Body Lotion.
You may want to delete the tweet you send with hash tag JMT. it is being used by naughtie peep.
Moroney: opinion has no place in news; that seems to run counter to the trend of #journalists embracing their community role.
lies, I try to be
thanks for the follow, check out my stuff if you have time, the links on the page -Con
When I Get Home, I'm Going Straight To Sleep......Well I Gotta Eat Too
*~we debatin who curter like reall tiana its Prodigy n u knw it~*
One thing I don't think I'll ever really adjust to - the intensity of Midwestern thunderstorms.
Repelling a piano from the 2nd floor? Done!
#4c12 was my 5th C's, and I finally figured out the book exhibit: go as early as possible on Thurs and then as late as possible on Sat.
#FutureMusicMogulTeams let's crush it next Saturday!
In honor of Drake's arrival to Albuquerque, I'll be saying YOLO after all my posts. #YOLO!!
I hope so, i hope i have money by the time the tickets are out, if not then idk, but i really really hope so.
#opened11 comments? => My university's upcoming edtech conf asks "How do we leverage technology to keep faculty at the center of education?"
Hm what shall I do this wonderful weekend?
maybe the leave will double my salary! :) I liked bench coaching. I felt all powerful.
Skin needs hydration all the time. Dehydrationleads to a dry, rough, and patchy skin, and for oily skin, it can make your skin so greasy.
We're off to Growing Power for a really big announcement. More to follow...
My day is made :)
Home sweet home!(:
Excellent, sir. Nice work.
:: Hee Was Likee Lydia , Lanaira , jekayla , & Dearra all be tripping . Like he said something bout you and a boy . lhh idk
I got a rough summer ahead of me...
Heard Nikita is renewed so happy about it. Hope we see you on it next season. Miss you!
I guess the weekend is over! School in the morning, so the Col. is heading to bed with a good #StanleyBrothers CD playing. GN and God Bless
OH: you can't cook with a full diaper!
I don't have stats either but I find many of my son's classmates say they are taking time off to work and don't return
that was dope! its comin sooner than we think fam...i got some records to send you from an artist he next up
Merry Christmas, everyone! The Cameron family has been smiling since we began our annual Danny Glover movie marathon this morning.
Just recycled about 5lbs of junk paper mail that I had let pile up.
I want to work at Sea World /:
yo u did it again. it says but the other day it said else. how did u do that
Hurricane Irene is not going to stop a pastry girl
Cowboys never cease to leave me miffed. I could have made that pick.
RT : #Cancer's have trouble letting go.
Congrats to #homeland! BEST showtime drama series by far!
iow always mediated
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
#Alabama's game plan in the 2nd half is kneel down 3 times & punt out of bounds. With #LSU specals teams out of the game they can't score.
Mariano Rivera is truly a class act. By not pitching for the rest of the year. It's allows plenty of rest for his arm.
Whichever one of my fb friends that liked that pic of dell!! Thank you!!! Thank you!!!
There's a sophomore in my algebra 2 advanced class playing with tamagachis
Thank you! After a not-so-great travel day, we're here and ready to do absolutely nothing (:
patience is so not my virtue
yeah, that was disturbing.
#MyFavoritePhrases You still got a chance to live, even though you're dead wrong.
Thanks for the MT! Hope you guys are faring well during the mass student exodus.
tweeting my life away, searching for a better way, for me. . .a little updating for the old Eddie Rabbitt song
haha!! YES...thank you for just making my day #SouthAfricanSwag #boyswhoquoteMeanGirls >>>
Keep your head up! Never look down! High self-esteem is the key to being happy. And I don't mean be cokky and overly confident!
@ wendell, glorious and gorgeous
it still links to --> from the # twitter logo on your site
was @ the game & you didn't get one call. Beat to death in lane. 9 assists. Pretty good.
wut happened to him??
Some biz still believes in the build it they will come concept. It takes a strong foundation of credibility & appreciation 2 yield action.
Waiting in my car to get in for the #openingday and the SUV next to us gave us jello shots!
not too creep on your convo...but my mom says she likes Cody cuz of me but I'm not sure! Can't blame her tho!
#Election Day/Night without is just not the same. Happy I can at least follow his work online.
Looks great, Paul.
I've never seen someone wear pajama jeans.... Until now
Said he will marry me!Lol c;
So far the #BRBloggerDraft is going perfectly for me as a Browns fan. Now just have to hope a good RT or Weeden drops to 37.
I can't believe I'm eating dinner at 1am. It's a night shift thing.
Has nobody designed a shell terminal that runs in a browser environment so that URLs grepped from a text would actually be clickable?
I'm gonna open a restaurant called the Karma Cafe. There will be no menus, you'll only be served what you deserve.
LOL. If you have come over again I have a futon with your name on it. :)
haha! so sorry gene. it was fun playing with all you sharks!
Prom? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> How old are my followers b?
Of course. Let's go this wknd. RT : R u inviting me to dinner at ?
That was hot
no time for the negativity! to focused on the positive! so if you aint bout that im not bout you! only roll with those who go hard!
People hate reading but bitches love reading bout One Direction.
Did I mention I take my last final exam tomorrow.. At 9:30am. #FML I guess I should sleep.
hahaha (: true<3 I love your new video :P
My car alarm has gone off 7 times now. Sorry to anyone on East.
haha yeah we will! :)
It is raining at the Apple buildings near Parmer and MoPac
any videos up yet??
God doesn't need me to understand fully in order to obey completely. -Steven Furtick
Okay then
lol Yup baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Football Sunday and all feels right.
No problem! Congrats! =]
RT So, the Imagination Diet? 0_o
Scored yet another jingle gig! Woot! It's good to know that long after I am gone from this mortal realm, my jingles will live on. JINGLE!
Literature is the memory of humanity. --- Isaac Bashevis Singer
It's National Library Week! Celebrate and share why you belong in a UW Library
I've been wondering this too! Let me know what you hear about
Ha - I miss the light brown M&M's, too!
Welcome to the right side of history, Mr. President. Now close Gitmo.
it was such a great time! Thanks again Julie! .. (A-choo-vengers) sorry I sneezed:)
How old are you?...
BO. haha what grade are you & your sister in?
#Greece had too much debt, rose taxes to create revenue, incomes shrank, and now look at them. Should the US raise #taxes, too? I think not.
Hooray!! RT You're going to the chapel & you're gonna get married!
Isn't it?! I loved it there. Take some pics for me!
Whats good keep on the lookout for me!!!
ooh really? For soccer we play at the same time. Ones home and the other is away
lets just go this weekend
heyy theree(; can you please follow me <3:D
Last call - help #NAWBO support WHYY for an on-air telethon Thursday, 6/9, 5-11 p.m. Reply back or DM if interested!
Everyone, EXCEPT for Hilton, should also leave work early
What is the deal with college football teams not wearing their colors? I.E. Where is Washington's purple?
- I think when its said and done, the end of his career will look a lot like Favre and Jordan.
Live tweeting the #oscars central time who you got?... tweet me I will Tell you how wrong you are
It's really hard to watch the Duke Carolina game with
I think this would be a super hot scene: and
Your a 90s kid?oh shiiiiiit cool me too
Student Loan Debt Slaves In Perpetuity - A True Story Of &quot;Bankruptcy Hell&quot;
for a minute I confused Kate Upton with Kate Middleton and had a royal ladyboner.
I can't wait to have a house-warming party!
Khan is on 60 Minutes tonight
When you find the answer to that question, let me know :)
Taliban Launch Coordinated Attacks Across Afghanistan Taliban suicide bombers and gunmen barraged Kabul and struck at least three provinc
"OMG I love strippers!"
Benjamin Franklin~ He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money.
got it on the books
Your welcome (,=
RT : RT : Try something, see what works, see what fails miserably, learn, rinse, repeat -- #ONACamp love it!
Passover and Easter. Sounds like a great time to reconnect with loved ones, reflect upon degrees of freedom, and gaze at cherry blossoms. :D
Thanks for the RT!
Join us for our AHA Quarterly meeting today from 2-4 at St. Therese Church
Way to end on a high note!!
I am also a big fan of the cinnamon life as well. For the "healthy" breakfast! :-)
Chuy...did hack that account? Your prints are all over it!
<U+200E>"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving...
The avengers is worth the watch!
There was an #OccupyPunzo rally at the statehouse this morning. Dont let them keep you down,
Learners always find time to learn.. kudos!!
happy birthday big DAWG! Hope you have a great one!
Yay! Glad you liked it!
omg, I LOVE this! you were such a great dance partner. let's do it again soon!!
I miss you too <3 We need to talk more often
Just got myself some free Taiwanese food truck thanks to the Snapple promo. Thanks guys!!! YUM!
It seems I only have peace on twitter in the mornings when the kidos on here are sleep
OMG. I laughed so hard reading this. Super funny take on
did I just stop for you on a crosswalk on 2nd St in #ColumbusIN? It looked like you.
That's a high contender for the worst picture of me floating around on the internet.
#LastTimeUNLVbeatSDSU I was still an undergrad Aztec unsure if I'd be accepted into my grad program. I'm nearly done with my MA now.
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there
What up girl, heard you're single
Stories don't write themselves. Telling them well looks easy, but requires a great deal of work.
saw TV ratings for draft; CLE had highest ratings. It really is our Super Bowl
In the sea of food choices, all I could come up with is pop tarts & a diet dew.
Happy new years!
poker maximus plo8...lets do this....
i dont have anymore question
I've been doing my chores and just scored a Double Rainbows - Epic Win! www.EpicWinApp.com
Oh. My. Gosh. I wish Granny G was my grandma.
hahaha damn it's playing the same way for me I don't get it
Thanks for coming out and supporting tonight. Appreciate it!
that dude looks super #ruthless!! haha! Thanks bud!
RT“ A Real Man Will Stay No Matter What”
Spending the morning hanging out w/the Class of 1962. Even wore tights w/my dress so the ladies don't think I'm trashy.
ASMI dress off to Australia! now its time for the red carpet countdown!!
RT Indianapolis tomorrow to broadcast the B1G women's basketball tournament - UW v. Minnesota, 5pm central for
-holds you tighter-
Lolz Penis While Watching The Vido
TRAFFIC: Crash - Williamson Street @ Dickinson -
True or False Crowd singing Satisfaction along to 45 recording by Stones about to rock historic cold as
I swear that I really don't know if I cans handle another year of this
Tired, still recovering from my cold, & a little behind in my work, but somehow I'm in a good mood :)
Blue Mass medicine 1860s 9000x safe dose of mercury salts. Did Hooker take for VD? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL $2.99 AmazonKindle Women
Thanks for the tweet. That's a good one.
Have you read The Passage by Cronin yet? It's narrated by and is excellent. I keep finding excuses to listen to it
I am getting the #photos together for my big show at #sfo in November. Ice, snow and axes are the themes I'm going for. It's gonna be cool
You know what your problem is...you're a SLACKER!
Well it is!!!! Let us know when, is there a limit?
thanks, Shannon! Following you as well, we will have to get you a pizza when we open :)
I've seen people break shit just so they can fix it and look like a hero. Like firemen starting fires, same thing. #sysadmin :\
I love you muchooo amounts
haha Helen, you forgot to put me on that tweet
Next thursday! RT : u in the bay yet?
Amen! RT : If you aren't tweeting the whole time during
: Yes, it's definitely lost. Ha...!
#Brewers are killing it!!!
yea i need that leg room.. :)
I hate when I talk to people with sweet Bluetooth headsets and they never look me in the eye and call me things like "honey." It's just rude
Happy Sunday and Happy Easter to everyone!!
Improve every day.
Why you always gotta be fresh?!?!
the best revenge is a Super Bowl win & that wont happen w/ TEN
oh shucks! :o)
Newt got got pnwd
L96 cocking indicator fix piston head
Joe Flacco is most definitely #NOT the best qb in the nfl
Happy Birthday :)
wheres that at? that looks amazing!
Just drew an amazing DUBSTEP picture hahaha
Watching Kyndle sing with her All State Tennessee Choir
isn't this a great story !
Up super earlier than early! Time to get in a few workouts before starting a super long to do list!
Fuck twitter. DELETE!
I ask for my #tea in a mug, & once again get a paper cup. This #eco shift to mugs as the "new normal" is slow! alas.
Lmao!!! RT : Stashed hella mothers day cards in Walmart yesterday. Went back to find em all still in tact <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
“: Can you follow me please please please? HUGE fan :)” You bet cha=)!
Another week at home.
Stop being so cute you two! Sickeningly adorable you are! Love and miss u both xx
Read me please!!
that's the worst.
I made vid sub rnd then heard nothing-maybe next season? I have great speech therapy software-any advice for getting on?
Horrible execution on the final play!
Ugh I don't get my phone until Friday.
thanks so much dude. Sorry it's taken so long to get back to ya
mindstate. only let people into level 1 or 2
go to sleep
Ha “: ur right. I'm married! No crack'n here”
My biggest concern is pesticides... I've been doing A LOT of research on them over the past year or so. Scary stuff.
Just had the most pleasant moby ride.
Reagan is looking forward to making an apple pie with Grandpa
A1: Being on Facebook, for some companies, allows fans to interact with you not just as a "company" or "brand" but as a person.
Congrats!! We will enjoy watching you school the German players...
Let students lead some of the class discussions, give them the power to address issues and control some of the direction
got into candy? BWWAHHAAAAA... snort, grunt...
Mexican fans are booing when Honduras passes backwards... They seem to be trying to call out Honduras for not being aggressive...
Solis Energy is your source to provide a reliable, continuous power solution to keep your business up and running. www.SolisEnergy.com
i followed
#ConfessionNight I don't ever want to grow up
Among those in the packed courtroom this morning is retired 290th judge Sharon MacRae. Not here: Baby Ava.
why miss Johnson <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
depends is that pink and blue? if yes then yes I love it!
what preytell is butt rock?
: Ok, they may not be the absolute MOST important but thinks so...certainly helpful tips in my opinion
If it was a I really want to take this gotta go - I get that but a I have to take some frivolous tells me I'm not valuable.
ok , study tyme :o i shall be back in say 15 min' ?:).
Who are you using now?
I appreciate the well wishing - don't hunk I've ever had too much of that! Hoping you have a great week too!!
The museum prints them as the museum's holiday card and are not for sale. So sorry about that.
Thanks to for a great night of conversation, commiseration, drinks, and wasabi fries!
Thank You
Oh. Well, then, I guess that helps. My goal was about 50 books, not including picture books. I think I can handle that.
Good luck.
Scott Free styling the beach boys for the Grammys tonight!!
no but you want to think about what your future employers will be looking for. Using Twitter, Tumblr etc is one way.
Cal has tumors? Is he ok! Will he eer coach again! So many ?'s RT : Mike d'antoni resigns, so here comes the yearly calipari tumors
Weekly capoeira sessions not good enough. Want to do it 4 times a week :p
Kill it out there tonight fellas Tebow aint gettin no where on our
haha he's a really awesome guy(:
Quote of the day: "The SMPS DC banner has its own social life"
Happy Monday!
have a blast tonight and congrats on the new space!
Thanks dude.
This rain got me like BLAH <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
time to get ready. #byetwitter muaah <U+2665>
hm i technically had a mini three some with two guys, not sex but yeah.. i'm 8th grade..
Whenever I walk into my chemistry class I Just feel a rush of overwhelming anger…
I'll put Stephen Hannock on my list, sounds promising.
Hey it's 4-0. Don't Mess with Texas!
I was thinking the same thing haha. It would be a blast but would take 10x longer...I imagine it would be a blast though
does it say that you assume people are functional? (-;
The browns are so dumb
I'm going to take this as you calling me a Super Hero. What's my special power? Not something lame like talking to fish.
UD can do the same thing and is a better defender he's useless
Ask Julius Caesar ...
Thousands of minors in SD County are enrolled in alternative education/schools. Daytime #curfews threaten their freedoms! No curfews!
don't think that's it...but it makes no sense....oh well....
I have seriously thought about setting up a twitter account for this very tag. He's hardly seen any movies, ever.
hey girl! Tx for connecting! Some vids may be louder than others, so try them all, but tx for letting me know...about to update
Vacation Day 1: Flu, Chicken Noodle, Tazo Earl Grey, tall Pike Place, less than 100 words of a short, possible fever, 0 pages read, 1 tweet.
#10thingsthatareattractive being in a band
Godaddy and Yahoo have to be two of the most worthless 'net companies around. What do you expect?
Heading to makino chaya. On a mission to get
that was a deep tv moment!
that was one helluva hit !!
What do you find most appealing about the new Veloster?
haha yea, we don't have to pay for them b/c we are born with them! Maybe they just don't understand that.
but that's the same sugar that's in an apple or any other fruit or vegetable basically.
By the way, thanks for blacking out the YouTube feed of the IIHF games you aren't televising.
The Bible can be read aloud in 70 hours. If you don’t believe me…I’m free most of next week
We are working on some cool bots! watch this space :)
fine. I get to pick the picture though.
So, #arod is overpaid then, right?
is that a McDonald hash brown ?
Back at Union Sq Park since March is split. Hard to have a march on the sidewalk. Fk the NYPD. I am TrayvonMartin and the 99%
this myth has been busted
who ya got?
i like yo tweets. top three
THANK GOODNESS IT'S FRIDAY! <33 =)
Getting some tremendous spam subject lines today
RT : The Fray's version of the National Anthem just retroactively lost World War 2 for us.
Good health
Well Denver gave up this game. OKC won't tho. It's going to be a good second round Faker fans.
"Failure as proven to be the single best way for human beings to learn & when you learn you succeed" Let's make the best out of our failures
. In the USA petrol costs $3/US gallon, which is £0.51/litre.
but it does require significant reform.
Thank you!!!
Now instead of "breaking" the pick on TV, we get Gruden saying "I'd be shocked if soandso doesn't go here". Slick move.
I wish that at the end of every movie they wrote everyones twitter names than the credits .
Am super excited for tomorrow's big night!!! Launch of Get Classical at the Rose Bar.
Today could be a big day with the team
Can you be here by 6:15pm? A TV crew is going to be here and wants to put some #NewPal students on air.
thats so awesome!
Fuck it huh ... -.- dam bitches pissed me off ... “: just give up hah lakers ain't wining tonight..”
Whoah! Big news. Congrats and good luck.
#Erl12 preserving e-books. The difference between e-books & digital collections is that ebooks are static.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Wonderful meeting you today, Ashley! I'd always heard such lovely things about you! :)
Go get the new update for the Twitter app!
We should hang out when you're back in Milwaukee.
We Love One Direction
Sorry I have been away from my Twitter account for a bit. Doing well! How are you?
Goddammit. Hit a snag in my bike assembly. HAD all of the parts I needed, but one of the dinosaur-esque shifters broke while reinstalling :(
The email ending in "69" because my innocent middle school mind didn't know what that number meant.
PREPare for me to run you over ;)
Just watched #OurAmerica on OWN. Real tv, no gimmicks. Real life situations that didn't leave me feeling negative about the victims.
ohh your gay! Let's skate!!
lol! Sorry we couldn't talk last night- Thank you SO much for the guidance last week! XoXo
Havin' a breakdown, and it's the 2nd week of classes. Wish you were here to brighten my day, chica. Miss you & your weirdness.
That means SO much :-)
#TheSaddestPart I'm out of skittles
TONIGHT! Dec 6 @ 6:30 McGuinn 121 UNITED IN ANGER: ACT UP (AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power). S.Schulman will screen a short documentary.
Chicago, Madison, Boston, LA, NYC #publiced are all one.
yeah, no phone #, not even a department!
so ur offensive coach cant get a visit ever?
.. Many thanks for the follow! Happy New Year!
I believe tomorrow I will be riding to #fridaycoffeeclub in the fattest way. :D I need a break from the skinny tires.
Parent's just don't understand why don't parent's understand .
Walking to that BA building.
Im Good Just sitting around on the computer for now. What made you so Exhausted?
Twitter pet peeve: unnecessary hashtags. Stop turning phrases into hashtags, PLEASE.
“Your willingness to look at your darkness is what empowers you to change.” –Iyanla Vanzant
Seen at her work. Kinda weird seeing people you know outside school. Or just certain people I guess
Cardinals are gonna suck now hahaha!!!
We take lines that have meaning to us, sometimes from Ovid, sometimes from the OC
Democracy and empowerment constrained by select designers? Is this full empowerment?
I'm pissed...
LOL OMG SARAH. its just like how you'd pronounce "kaitlyn" but i just spell it different(: its pronounced normally. lol.
I remember my days in my state employee union. They were fraught with tension & possibility; solidarity is real/possible!
aw that's cool and it is black xD
lol he must have forgot to give both of us our rewards
I did say 'rarely'... I'm a Trekkie too! lmao!
lol nothing, nothing at all :D
#REMIX Electronic Dance Music is without a doubt the dominant music genre right now. With that said, other music genres have definitely b
Who wants my 10k Tweet
I just see the Stella!
The Lord is so good. His love is unfailing!!
I know I am, but someday I'll get some. I already have ideas, I just don't know where I want them.
DUNES n zines
Everyone should at least try the DEMO :(
I agree w/ all of ur comments...explains a lot. Unacceptable behavior, behind 8 ball. in end, fans are the real losers here
of course girl! right now :3
At the end of game they should play 2v2, NBA Jam style. That would be some fun. I would pick KG and Pierce every single time.
Caught "The Mystery of Irma Vep" tonight at the Everyman Theatre. Great energy and very funny. Recommended! Runs until December 19th.
If ur ready for a beer after ur turkey come see us! We're open on thanksgiving at 6 pm!
Minn. Episcopals elect openly gay bishop (via ) while Vatican courts expat Anglicans. Is hating gays the new Ecumenism?
Despite rumors to the contrary, former First Lady Julia Grant remains remarkably well-preserved for her age.
But I think that's better... builds anticipation. I finished the series with a sad sigh... I didn't want it to be over!
Yo is that the girl??
Took photograph of broken mirror How many years bad luck is that? Since it's derivative artwork I think I can get off with 3 to 5 years
Before U diagnose yourself w/ depression or low self-esteem,1st make sure that U R not,in fact,just surrounded by assholes. -William Gibson
is there such a thing as a guy that's TOO sweet??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><U+2764>
not much :) just school and everything else in the world... what about you??
Working on a new trailer to premiere before Red Tail Reborn at Oshkosh.
Hahaha that and some buffalo wings ": LMAO! you should do it over easy, resembles more of their cousins!"
Tracey must be pissssssed! (w good reason)
Sparring stripe today. Test is next week. Woot!
I hate giving people explanations. Mind your own freaking business.
i need a manger and agent any help or contacts u know
was that always part of the plan?
And this is why #TSA needs to pat down grannies & toddlers.
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 64
Sorry for being absent this weekend.. Lots of holiday stuff.. Etc. Look for new #micropoems and new #poetry on my wordpress later tonight!
YES! RT Life is short, earth is big, #travel NOW! ~
Don't deny Love. let out, let in.
Why are so many people unfollowing me? T_T
I wanna find my peaceful zone. I kno my money zone. I kno my party zone. But that's temporary highs. Searching for true fulfillment.
You look exhausted and depressed omg bby hahahaha
remember my birthday last year & you guys were awesome & got all of Club Brady to sing to me?
haHAA yes it's a plan unless it's on graduation day like it is tomorrow. Or maybe I'll just skip it. I dunno we'll see haa.
Uni risotto w white truffles at Spiaggia. Perfectly cooked! Tim Love doesn't know what he's talking about.
I love your albums! I listen to them all the time! You are a big inspiration to me!
Please make a public statement in support of YW Raleigh workers & cmty. Help YW heal & renew!
The women and sane men of America applaud and support your decision. Freedom covers speech and the ability to pull your ads
dish blockbuster movie pass
Super D' Duper Tired
Thanks for the shout out!
It's not too late to look and feel great before the summer is over. Call now for your free consultation.
3rd #Rice3DS Pitch: Swag-It-Up. Social voting for a "fashion hipness" rating. Founders reasoning: "Vanity Expression Recognition Notoriety."
Happy weekend wishes from
Oh noes! Hope you can manage! xo (PS, we should text soon.)
I must take a crate or a mouth piece for chully . It lets do it lol
Follow me please:d Followed!!!!
#nf my big head buddy that i never see!
#nccetl educational professionals need to help kids realize their digital footprint matters/don't throw them to sharks!
I can't say Boiler Up...I'm already in trouble with my boyfriend for carrying the bag that I was generously sent.
We didn't have a loving mom but were lucky to have grandma & an aunt to help fill the void. Kudos to all women who do this.
Are you related to Joel Pett ? His agent ? Seem to be only person in KY defending him. Did you hear his seg. On Radio
Work is not going to be fun today
Sucks about cp3. I would hate for the LODs commish in my fantasy league to cancel any deal
Home, Where i can look ugly and enjoy it.
I NEED MORE FOLLOWERS!
Found Walking Dead on netflix today. 2 observations: 1-Great show; 2- I'm a bit more jumpy when car alarms go off now
lucky for you guys, we gave you the ball twice!
So hard to leave the facility on beautiful day like this!!
"Baby poop is the phrase of the day" -
#Gobblegobble Happy Thanksgiving! Can't wait to dig into that home made pumpkin pie!
will you bring me breakfast in bed? :3
Fact: One in every nine people on Earth is on Facebook.
What time are you going? I don't get off work until 7.
thank yo for the mention, Bobbi
I've been following for awhile - gr8t commentary on life, politics, humanity (and movies too)!
hey dude music is up!
hey my best friends model for
It's Mom's Day weekend, people. :D
here's one for you Geri !
what happened?!!! Why is everyone sad?!
great! Started a new job last month, at a PR agency in Detroit. What are you up to?
My phones gonna die damn!!!
Chucky Cheese is just a casino for the underaged.
Wallace: No one is saying we shouldn't help poor people. Sorry if I used rhetoric, we need to look at the consequences.
OK! im freaking out! ;D I love you<3
She going RIDE this DICK n HAVE a LONG DAY!")
I followed Firehouse Subs on Twitter. They posted, proudly, a photo of Vick in one of their stores. Unfollowed & told them why.
People eating Chipotle and Five Guys at the airport at 7am. Yeap. I'm in America.
Help! My principal wants to share school photos w/ the community but keep the albums private. What photo sharing site should we use?
Yea it's my fault why we fallin apart
Don't say that John! :( Tomorrow will be better. *hugs* <3
Good morning, may the grace of God be with you today!
waiting near Park Street for a train we have noticed that the quality of subway musicians has decreased while their quantity has increased.
The wall is open and the party os hoppin at The Belmont! Come have a fantastic drink!
It helps to have a company valued at nearly $10 bn. I don't get the tie-ins at all.
Ur team always loses.smh RT : the game is on you know better! lol
Lmao that was a funny as tweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
ATTENTION ALL ZENDAYAFANPAGE2 FOLLOWERS WE ARE NOW ON FACEBOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!! our name is Zswagger Coleman
Webster copied that "prepared statement" almost word for word from statement on Friday---check out his timeline
I would love to!
Bad news guys... Ashley Poole has decided to leave Lady Phoenix.. Good news is Melissa and Diana will REMAIN working on Lady Phoenix!
My cab had puddle in it.
Where is summer legit I want school to end already
I am slightly happy to report that Clique Vodka works.
Oh I always thought you were from Harlem
I'm wondering if you've already been to France and back w/ Ken? (Wondering for a possible story.)
Has there ever been a bigger choke artist in college hoops than Stallings?
Orange county ny
Always interested in feedback on what your found the most challenging if you feel like sharing.
All men are alike in their promises. It is only in their deeds that they differ.
what the hell is going on here?
Having a sharp memory is great, but sometimes the ability to forget is a lot better.
Wow-such kindness for LinkedIn help! "Joon's one of the most knowledgeable business advisors that I've met in my 20+ yrs as an entrepreneur"
Follow me love ya
MC Donalds for breakfast I think yes
why do we have the same amount of followers haha
lol at where have you been. i like how rihanna stans are defensive about the video not having to make sense yet they always criticize gaga.
Great first mission everyone!
Happy Easter, Amber will be opening at 8pm this evening. Enjoy the day!
would Miller Park be built using your logic? Brewers were perennial losers when Miller Park debate was happening right?
This cold don't even face me..
Omg I haven't been on here in forever.... lol
never leave the one you love for the one you like because the one you like will leave you for the one he loves <3
I love you,plz answer me! :B i love your voice and your hair is awsome :D
Celebrate 40 years since the Summer of '69 with special $69.00 rate for a Fri, Sat or Sun (advance reservation and payment required)
or like I said snatch up the Maschine.
Why do i have like 3 english essays due in the next week what is this
It's Saturday!! The market is getting ready to open. It looks like a beautiful morning, so come out & see us :)
I never thought that'd it'd be so simple but, I found a way I found a way if you open up your eyes
Listen at 4:30p as and announce the Fan Friendly Franchises of the Year nominees.
language is always imprecise. As Hegel said, you can't eat "fruit"
You already know Kobe savin all the good ish for the playoffs brodie
Thank you! I'll let everyone know you like it. :)
Are we being rallied to battle for Mixie Rights??
Such a pleasure, as always! RT : “: Hey buddy Great pictures and fun morning!"
Thanks to everyone for #following.! Now it's time to #FollowBack for the rest of y'all.!
Of course 1st song off the airport to was Tyga- Lax City, Lax, Lax City!!
Just walked in brittney room and seen my grandmother and she says wassup nigga lls i said aint nuffin Chillen then she punch me.
Thanks, your little man is stylin with that hairdo .So cute !
Media Decoder Blog: New Advertising Analytics Tools From Google
As I understand it, DeLong *is* honest, but some in church leadership say it would be preferable if she weren't
#TheGamesGlitch coming this July!!!!
If Miami had my dude then it would REALLY be not 1, not 2, not 3.....
Merry Christmas!
In the studio with Mr. Jay Dogg releasing the 30 30 for June.
hells yea man! some real shit!!
2nd year of peewee football I wore number 55 because of Seau, RIP
If aliens are monitoring TV signals from Earth, I hope they are watching the IFC channel for the "West Coast Beard & Mustache Championships"
Listened to 'Naked Eyes' album.One of the punchiest synth albums ever. Listen to it (on tape -haha)! It's been a good day.
Cuz he is a little retarded lol RT : That Zoo bull funny as shit.
From Oz: the daily specials are Grand Marnier Souffles, Bananas Foster Bread Pudding and Lobo la Galetta Ice Cream Sliderz.
I look the bomb anyway! <3
At Least To Worry Opponents. But The Pacers?
Looking forward to our walk- through at the Miami Design District!
I LOVE your song <3 BUT , i WISH you would follow me back ! (:
Ever break something knowing full well that you're never going to fix it? Oh, car door window handle, I knew ye well.
U in vegas??? I got a stack for you... Let's work a track and video
Shouldve left it in the gutter where I found it!
glad to hear, thanks. Tonight's broadcast is a good one!
Lin should have took the shot
Bye unfollower *waves bye*
Catching some mad alpine ski racing action in Vail tomorrow! Come out to Golden Peak and cheer on the kids!
<.< Got the into down, but! I cant finish, my brain hurts -____-
B4 The wheel I'm thinking Fire
=P I am in the minority on this one, it was a hug success IIRC :)
Itsourresear.ch #uievs getting buy in for contextual research
Miss you :)
i didn't know you liked them. that's awesome...but are you getting closer to interviewing ???
Joy cometh! Most hopeful state to look forward to. Thanks my mentor!
Lol hmn hell was that Rachel is back like rattttattach that rat ;p
Naw its not just u. Lol
passed out
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
#keep it!
that's awesome Keeven!!!!! I am so glad it went well for you..and u suck going on spring break
and Ohio State DT Dexter Larimore set to join the New Orleans Saints
I'm def. down
RT : I want to be on Keuka Lake
Nope, this is Chad! But Miami is gonna be sick for sure...Glad you're in!
Batman is the best super hero
Streep pulls off the Oscar in.
I got church tonight
Insert long, frustrated ihavetobemiserableatworktomorrowwhyarentitired zombie groan.
thanks for the follow. Now following back :)
The parts suppliers were making material according to specs, for example. There are a number of ancillary . . .
Woo! Found yarn in my trunk! Wait...that sounded weird.
It's my older bros birthday boo !! Well I do get cake! My lill bro is being annoying just to make me mad! Bubba it's working!!!!!!
We're switching hosts today!
hahaha, he's not following me back yet -.-
Who wants to go to Dayglow with me? :)
A boy in army pants is sexy ;D
Coach pop for coach of the year
thank u girl!
My skinny, Your skinny, A diet that fits your fast food life!!
Awful day doing Computer repairs :-(
Starting to rework on the website using InDesign CS5 (among others). Wish me luck.
What would Kirk Cameron do?
Rain will not keep me from the patio for HH this evening!
Just discovered that an unfortunate side effect of tweeting during #SXSW is finding out how last night's The Walking Dead ends.
Randomly singing, Kid Cudi's. "Mr Rager" around the house. My family probably knows all the lyrics now lol.
That was a travel you idiot.
Things you never want to hear at the dentist: "Ok, let's try to replicate that pain". (shudder)
and it's your right to believe what you want to believe.
I think it may "that time of the month" for I'm staying in the Ladies Lounge with
Believe half of what you see and none of what you hear!
I'm waiting for the Wiscy fans to start to chant "bullshit"
A great night of nonprofit talk and comedy improv from last night!
When has he been a nice guy off the field?
I can't wait.
Y'all are both gorgeous, please follow back<3
rock the ink hits Albuquerque at the Hard Rock October 8-10 booths are available but limited!
I'll trade you a #Rangers calendar (from Saturday night) for a ring?!?!
hey could you help me get some followers---- im new
Wrap party for "The Garden" Actually the half wrap party :)
Hehe.. mothers always anticipate the worst! RT : Q4 That I'm going to get eaten by a lion in Zanzibar – so says mum
Thx! Me too!
i mean, it doesnt look very happy
unless brain mapping has been developed this feels like a highly #subjective topic. Like asking if #Gay is choice.
:( RT : We received a limited quality of Air Foamposite One NRG "Galaxy" and we are currently sold out.
My stomach hurts
Here comes the shareholder litigation - The Deal Pipeline
For me to be 100% myself in front of you, know that you are one of the very few people I trust.
no. not yet.
I am sure you will work on something else hot soon.
you know it!!
Good luck! :) What are you doing this summer?
I own 3 of those beautifully designed books and I also have images in it.
Would be in heaven if I could find a latte delivery service right about now
Happy Friday legal world. We are in Courts from San Bernardino to Beverly Hills today.
I hope the Rangers win...only cuz I don't want Vancouver to get the President's Trophy.
Facebook Now Has 901 Million Users , and I am one of them.
Obama:I can’t nullify congressional law. I can’t ask the Justice Department to say, “Ignore completely a federal law that’s on the books” .
O. Intrigued by band. Tweet out your review once you've used it for a bit? #pleazkthxbye ;)
yeah, fuck that guy. he's a tool.
Where should I go for #Christmas dinner, #Ihop or #WaffleHouse? Anything else open in #AthensGA? #Decisions, decisions.
Regards received!
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday !!
Thanks! We couldn't do it without the food, clothes, & job training Solid Ground offers. We're all just peices of the puzzle.
hey hey
what celeb do you think would marry me send the answer in a message
appreciate the wrangler post! would love to hear more feedback as you use it
Wishes were still local.... DEAR GOD I miss her...glad she is happy!
Suh is clearly a dirty player and a liar. Doesn't say much for his character. One more serious infraction = indefinite suspension
I'm tired & tomorrow is Monday )): sorry to remind you all /:
Milla Jovavich for sure. Not sure if anyone will top that.
yeah!!! I love working out. I just feel good afterwards and feel pumped.
augh be careful! Playing on an injury's no joke. #goodluck!
:( sorry to hear that. Im here if you need someone to talk
ince the wanted has a song called "All Time Low" i think that all time low should write a song called "the wanted"
Set over set down to 10k ... Jesus Christ
no tweets in May, are you worn out from all your tweets in April?
Fantasy football playoff victory, check. Raiders & Doncos lose, check. Now, for a bolts win! Go Chargers!
Success... He is now asleep in his chair!
As soon as the Board announces the name of the Superintendent finalist, about 5 pm May 1, we'll post it immediately on Twitter and FB.
always tough to get that qwitter email. feels like drawing second place beauty contest $10 card in monopoly
“: Holy crap! Tornado headed right toward our work! #getdown” hide!!
we actually got the games in last night..The rain just misses us
as a matter a fact i didn't unfollow you you unfollowed yourself so just stop im tired of it and you should b too
Great book from an author in my home State of
A jug fills drop by drop.- Buddah wishing everybody a productive week :]
Just doing our little part to help out! :)
Taking a break from yard work ... there's no weed that doesn't grow at Glen and Danbury Ave's in WFB.
Eciting stuff happening here this week! HERE LOUNGE tomorrow night. Red Zebra on Thursday night! Open FRIDAY NIGHT! www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Haven't heard of but I'll check it out. Anything beats Comcast
i insist that "i carried a watermelon" is definitely the superior dirty dancing quote versus "no one puts baby in a corner." c'mon.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.-- Robert Frost
And... did they bring Aquavit? >RT Making crêpes for a dane and a swede. How did this happen?!
I miss their weisswurst. Sigh, meat mail...
Alex looks slow at the plate! No bueno!
#secretservicepickuplines I'm going to have sex with president obama on the white house lawn. Real Will Ferrell here.
I am sure Joe is asking himself the same question :-). It was originally listed in '09, price reduction on Jan 2012.
Come end your jazzfest with Groovesect tonight outside of Liuzza's By The Track, N Lopez Street, right outside of the Fairgrounds, 7pm!!!
Sounds like a great story #nciv1story RT Just had our first Congressional meeting. Ran into Corrine Brown at National Airport!!
Hey, its 12:02 a.m. where i live. I gotta go to bed. /:
And every time you send me a picture I automatically think of your chest... I literally cannot it... -you're not the only one Christopher.
I've been far more productive than usual for a pre-8:00AM Saturday morning. Huh.
I look sleepy as f. I'm so tired, can barely keep my eyes open, and I have an exam in 18 minutes.
“: If its meant to be, it'll be.”
I haven't. But I love work that reshapes and redefines space...
hey jags, off them jag offs!
yes, I'm still up. yes, I'm still working. :/
That's fantastic!
I would like to add that I enjoy your Twitter feed very much most of the time.
Heading out for my last ride in Florida, rained earlier but looks to have cleared up.
30-min commute to Carlsbad...Bleh. First day as an intern..Yay!
#PBBvice trending!!! Yay! That's the impact of :)
Let the night begin! ;-)
Thanks for the RT!
that was spam but omg i coulf never hate godga bye
Sockless in yoga today
Watching the Oscars !!!
Well you're a douche.
There are two great rules of life: never tell everything at once
Keep me hanging on so contagiously
Maybe A.G Sulzberger doesn't know that the owner of 5 Des Moines restaurants (me) lives a mostly Vegan life!
RT “: Had some really bad meat loaf for a late dinner, signing Tonette up 4 cooking classes 1st thing in the AM.”
Fuck the world don't ask me for shit everything you get you gotta work hard for it
Before your interview, walk the neighborhood, get to know people. Go above and beyond. Garcia
Pray that I make it home ok... I'm super sleepy
Yeah, so cool, right?
I got The Red Ring of Death no video games till i get my ps3 then
much appreciated. haha
Stop creeping!
finna start living the single life
is it just me or does Alabama just look bigger and "thicker" than the Terps?
If I was on the wagon, I'd stock it with booze.
Just got onto the patio at Princess for some Bloodies and to watch The Black Sands.
400th tweet to Ryan! Watch over the rest of your fellow eagles <3
Im going to pick up the new FIFA now. When you getting it?
Kinda sad that the Internet's mom and pop shops (ie. Instagram, Posterous) are all getting bought out.
What are you up to? Second Saturday?
Smh Ikr ! . Trust We Gunna Hang Out . . More Than 5 TIMES Aha . ! Just Hmu You're Out Of School Right ?
I should?
Nothing like the feeling you get after voting.
oh just kidding that's just in the mac twitter client that it matters...
Wait till u see what I'm gonna do next ;)
OMG that is EXACTLY what I thought of too!
Guess who's coming to Denver and the Jazz Aspen fest in September?!? and the Dap Kings!!
Houston is closer right now. Could come this year. Vick is not winning a SB. Ever. Sour grapes, DeMeco.
No, no... it's the one and only T-Fried. He caved!
CAN WE PLEASE TALK ABOUT SOMETHING ELSE NOW I FEEL QUEASY.
I made Cardassian/Kardashian puns before made it cool.
Bed time! Ahh(: it feels good to finally go to sleep earlier than usual.
Bo! We'd rather you be here, spilling beer on us!!! #hugdonnaforus!
Tyler Perry's a genius.
How do people get verified on here? Just wondering
Have fun!
This seems to be a question that defies history. I don't see any indication that 2Big2Fail has been abandoned.D
Agreed that multiplayer would be an unmitigated disaster with radial. Gamespeed would slow to a crawl.
#shoutout to ! Thanks for the follow
Even tho it may seem bad right now, I will figure something out. Its just human nature, something happens, I adapt & move from there.
learning how to tweet haha
is so mean!
What's a better title than Beyond Telework, though?? I mean - really.
Camo Bulls cap wit my Laker 6's dont sound right to yall but it looks dope to me haha
“: I'm going there tomorrow! #howironic” Haha story to follow please lol
Tornado watch canceled for Franklin, surrounding counties. Remains in effect until 9 for Hocking, Pike, Ross, Scioto. Midnight for SE Ohio
miss you bud!
I ranked as excited as “Charitable” and as far as I could remain to be seen when amongst the upper 74 percentile
get up u bum
If your in Hayward-check out the fabulous "Suit Yourself Clothiers" A unique clothier that brings it all to your door.
you got it * submerges into lake* happy anniversary
i shall check in time to feed the very hungry german sheps im actually late by two hours poor doggies last thing i want sheps with attitude
“ Just give it #TIME. Your enemy will expose themself.”
Anytime,Anyplace
You are so freaking right!!! ;)
Dance class was fun today but I'm sweating like crazy xp
TY for the RTs. P.Pope returned fr #ISDIP2012 w/interesting thoughts about #TreyvonMartin. Posting soon!
I ain't saying he a Gold Digger but he ain't messing with no broke broke.
Lmao!!!!!!!! I needed that laugh
announcing the WINNER of the FREE iPod TONIGHT!!
Hope all is well with you :)
it tastes like a caramel cream smoothie.
RT : All girls should feel beautiful; A real man treats his lady like a queen. ur happiness comes from theirs,so step up bro
haha so they will keep the tradition of raping their great talent going.. Good to know. Hahaha
RT : Next on #DOOL -: Will: "I'M GAY!" Sami: "Don't say that. I have a 'Don't ask don't tell' policy."
Russell Smith~ An Indian tribe is sovereign to the extent that the U.S. permits it to be sovereign.
everything's ok. Just checking up on ya. Still waiting on u to make that trip down here
is anybody ? We have cabins in WA and a future guest in CA & we think you can help us get her here!
I use diigo.com and tag what I add for my classes
The <U+FFFD>L<U+FFFD> in my luck has been replaced with an <U+FFFD>F<U+FFFD>
also super proud of joe for finishing the pittsburgh marathon today with a crazy fast time. made it look effortless. like a boss.
ok great , dm me your info when you can and ill send my info
I realize this lol. That's why I asked who you were gonna get inside of!
On a happier note, LET'S GO BUCCOS!!!!
IT'S TIME
I will wait patiently <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
“ thanks some of yall deserve it. I know mine do”
RT : View from the Pews will be showing at the Sideshow Fringe in Nashville on October 1! Mark your calendars!
RE printer... For printing, overnight prints is really good. Do you need the design done as well?
I am not too happy with Delta Airlines. What do you get when they cancel your flight for mechanical reasons? A $6 meal voucher.
thanks we love it when you stop in ! & congrats on rating for
Just left water #weak as hell
AMC is showing V For Vendetta while Veterans For Ron Paul and Iraq Veterans Against the War march on washington. Coincidence?
Frost on the practice field this morning in Kennesaw, GA pushed back all of the practice times today.
Get over to SMBSD this Friday. requested you be there.
good luck and Go Bucks!
Not this weekend!! staying on the H2O this weekend!! Bout to hit this gym!! LOL what u sippin on?
Fuck it. I'm gonna chill with this niggah crayy.
Good Morning. -_- Today you should have some Grape's.
Will do. Thank you.
Bored at work -__-
save me some
Ha! Yep there's a big difference between an "M" and a "P". Yes PAternity leave.
Girls.. excuse me HOES .. is nasty AF nowadays .. #Starbucks REALLY ?
your welcome ! (: i hope austin tweets you <3
What do you think the odds of it getting going within the next hour are?
lookin at this preg-O she gettin bigger blood
Totally motivated! Yesterday was easy. Lost 2lbs in 1 day. I know that is just water weight but I'll take it! :-) Good luck today!
Dodd-Frank financial "reform" is merely another power/money grab by big gov't. Harming business and consumers, creating regulatory burden.
The part in the climax song where usher sings "AT ALL"-_-<<<<<<<<<
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
only thing I like more than other niggas failing is seeing them never even try.
yep. Are you going?
i can't wait for
he said that at his birthday party :) lol
This stupid Zoo Pals commercial is stuck in my head!
lol as soon as I get home
You've never had it so god.
thanks I really will try to. U got any special plans this wk.?
Don't forget to come to the Winter Market at #Carmel City Center today from 9 am to noon. Lots of Farm goodies to enjoy!
do you know what a 3rd wheel is?
hahahahahahaahaha no it hasn't happened yet!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks so much for the wrestling updates!
I basically tweeted pictures all day what has gotten into me?
Please don't have the 2LiveStews on anymore. They are so loud and so annoying
Happy Holidays to all our wonderful our followers, friends, volunteers and supporters. Have a safe and happy holiday.
trading has become more important revenue source than fees banks get from advising companies on takeovers/financing
Your so pretty :) love ya xo Hannah
Our fandom is seriously pissing me off right now. Families don't trend stuff like that.
Mr Bouris will see you now ... Mr Bouris.... will see you now... Mr Bouris will see you ... now!
Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness.
Working some sort of Art event tonight. Since I am solo, I have to do all the work. But since I am solo, no one can yell at me for drinking.
Fact: Hunger is the world's No.1 health risk. It kills more people every year than AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis combined.
We're happy to announce our fall "DTS Conferences" speakers: Andy Crouch () and Margaret Feinberg (). Details soon!
I only get hungry really late at night..
Tonight was me and my Carl splitting a beer, sitting outside and talking about how much we just love living in Shorewood.
Friends listening to Boyfriend: He sounds like a child molester. Me: you guys are legend.
Cano is great at everything he does... Double!!
Off to find ! This airport is so fancy.. we walked out to a wine bar and a self playing piano!
Some things I hate: 1. packing; 2. x-country flights; 3. being sick on vacation. Good thing I have all 3 COMBINED now.
; Get Chaz 1,000,000 followers ; you can do that on your own , since you haave more than Obama ;D
The farther out from school I get, the more I realize that there is a profound disconnect btwn theory and reality
i just don't pay attention rofl
thats extra dope
i watch smackdown and raw but #raw is much better cuz they have my fav wwe superstar john cena
Check in is open!
00020 Wed 19oct11 . Completed Spool No.001 . Total processed: 1005bags @ 12060ft . Completed time: 1430p . Thread End Position: facing EAST
“: Niggaz is always LATE! Always. If u can count on something 4 niggas 2 be.. Is LATE” OUCH the truth hurts.
I consider you a good friend & everything. But you probably dont realize what youre doing.
Sick find!
School Chicks Wit Dey Lul Clicks.,!
hey how are u doing, havent seen you in a while
Okay: Getting tarted up for this evening of drinks, appetizers and absurdity with other mothers of small children. (BETTER, YOU NERDS?)
There's some hillbilly hicks with mullets outside our hotel....
had an audition for 'Parks and Recreation' today...which reminds me, I need to DVR that show... it's purty dang funny.
I say the same thing about race and sexuality. Being black or Asian is totally different from being gay.
Looks great! Can't wait for the conference. Just a heads up that it looks a little funky in Chrome.
A's sign Braden to one-year deal
what movie are you going to watch?
Bye everyone see ya tomorow
So apparently, we are doing a prom themed pub crawl tonight. If you see a group out in suits And ridiculous prom dresses say hi.
Back in the office...transferring funds to Hungary.
She needs to be on those commercials. Clinic is really stepping up for the city.
Hey, how's everyone? :D
Yum yum lunch! =p
whoo wants to know what i look like if you do tweet me :D
It sure is nice seeing Hop-15 on tap around town CC:
naw I am not there! Aye will you get me Takís tomorrow?
Yoshi! I miss you guys!
I'm here to support Jake and this will never change.
When I grow up, my children will listen to my music and be like "damn dad, you were one angry dude". I will respond: "Yes. Yes I Was".
Only 3 road wins in his tenure at IU against bottom feeders.
The SD Art Prize 2012 recipients: Established artists Arline Fisch & Jeffery Laudenslager.
me too
Raw. Laurinitis has to go.
Listening to on my way to work. Doesn't get any better
Way to go rangers!
hope you enjoy reading my tweets new friend =)
Got to watch jarett bush do the dougie on a bar table last night..
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 28
Goin to sleep. Got #Sectionals tomorrow.
It has become clear to me that the Metro crew might have a slight case of Turrets Syndrome. And giddy rage.
burn that Lakers hat!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I want ur ass!!! Repeated hundreds of times. I just blocked the number.
Thats what I was thinking! Now I just have to get one of my asshole friends to go with me.
I'm sleepy , this rain make me wanna sleep
Finding good silly sarcastic conversation>>>
Lord, take away anything that displeases You!
RT Only 132 days till the madness begins. #welcomebackcollegebball Yes!!!!!!
99<JJ to biggest nit ever but couldn't fold to his 10bb all in w/ a bunch of dead $ in pot. Was chipping up nicely but now back down to 7k
RT : RT : "Must integrate social tech into existing processes and apps". Michael Fauscette, IDC,
yeah Im a good driver Ive only had one ticket
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
Beautiful new space in downtown denver!!
The only thing preventing me from smashing my alarm clock at 6am is the fact that it’s my cellphone."
The moment you start treating me differently, I notice that sh*t.
During a bout of unemployment in SF in the early 90's I rediscovered PBR. I started it.
This rain is awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
much, I slept like the whole day. Today Im in tip top shape...riding my bike...etc.
free taco coupons from at our booth, stop on by & learn more about what to do w/ that old cell phone of urs. Who doesnt like tacos?
Hoping the weather holds!
I love RuPaul Fiercest Drag Queen Ever! :-)
I'm so damn drunk. And I love it. :D
Just made a twerkn video and a grinding video, stay tune folks:)
RT : All I've ever wanted was to make you smile, to make you happy, to make loving me worth while..
Early booking discount on all MGM hotels save 20% any room type
Hey - Cannot access GoDaddy Webpage or GoDaddy email thru Verizon either. So stop blaming it on
my Birthday is today, and I love you very much! xx (:
hi! Wave back!
i wrote u back on fb
sleepy but so glad to be out of school :D
is happy she has such a happy puppy :)
awesome. Have fun!
I put my capri sun in an empty starbucks cup...
That was a fun cast, thanks everyone who stopped by and big shout out to and his raiders.
Everyone in #Venice thinks I'm hot. A mechanical chicken just said 'AY Caramba' and a guy on meth told me I have nice hip.
at My house maybe?
your welcome! A little bit Of verbal masturbation is good from time to time right?
thank you for the #shoutout! Have a nice day!
Thnks 4having sucha great idea and trusting me with it.Reading Top 10 Flame Wars article right now. Docket!
“Doubt is not a pleasant mental state,” said Voltaire, “but certainty is a ridiculous one.”
Love it. RT We have a guest star visitor who is 2 years old and she just declared the messenger with a bandana a "pirate".
ready for tomorrow :]
Haha I did! Waiting for her team to confirm. Never watched it last year, but I will be for sure now that is on!
Thanks! Filene's Basement before it closed. Miss that place. RT : awesome tie you are rocking this morning!
if he had sideburns I man have peed my pants
Sir Mark Elder conducts the Halle at Lincoln Cathedral tonight. Fantastic programme.
Half my candy is dum dums
Save money on Vacation! If possible, travel off season when the rates are lower.
I appreciate it. Thanks.
i try all the time to get noticed. But im not giving up my day will come. Im just waiting.
The reactions at each loading are hilarious, though. "You don't want to go back there, bro."
I have another photo question you can help me with. If I take a screen shot of a text convo, how can I blur out parts of it?
3D digital designer? Ya, we need ya. Now.
ok I got you
I voted for Ryan Braun today as a nominee for Lt. Governor.
I love that cover! It's simultaneously hot and humorous.
Do Jean shorts still exist?? And I ain't talking about daisy duke variety
Let's run some numbers on the probability of that, shall we?
Wow. Just walked outside and it cold! How am I supposed to play softball in this?
yes love this show!!
Check out the NEW Labelseven.com website! See what your missing in the
Was there a play? You didnt tell me!
thank you
Love the sound off the city hall elevator doors ringing to announce the arrival of more #SaveOurClincs supporters.
I wonder how quickly I can become a millionaire if I invest in a Hollywood rehab facility?
WE GET TO SEE YOUR TEETH TOMORROW(: #nomorebraces :D
Working on a piece for 's upcoming issue; writing on new artists, on the rise.
That was an interesting panel. Thanks for having me!
Smells like peaches
emailed you details :)
Patron wanted easy adaptations of Snow White and Wizard of Oz.
Let's light this guy and his enormous ERA up!
Lol seems like every guy has one pink button up shirt for their swag-a-ful days
So I cant help to be excited about getting a response from thee dopest music exec about basketball!!
Freaking mashed!!! RT : HR while rolling an ankle!!!
: #WFSAScriptTip :Its tempting, but don't over write the dialouge, the audience is usually smarter than we think.
lol i knew you would want me back
thank you sweetness! You too :)
is cooking eggs...
Thanks for the inclusion!
Goodnight to Oomf!
Thanks for watching!! We will definitely have to make this a regular thing!
Happy second Sunday in May to all the mothers out there!
I am don't speaking honey u should re read before u post!so u wrent talin about me I posted that 2sec before u talked shit
I love u is the biggest lie told a day RT if u agree x
Engage w/your audience thru social media on a regular basis to build a community. You stop, they stop.
Choke collars are just a way of telling your dog, "I don't have the patience or compassion to properly train you."
no idea, just throwin it out there
What's up yall, I signed up for when it launched on Android recently... I've taken 6 photos and am a personal user
Me : Why is the bottle opener in the bathroom!?! : Because I was drinking cold beer in the shower!!
Oakland with 50 secs on the PP. Underway in the third
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RTxoxo
At the va talking to docs and getting help to quit drinking... Finally
hope you guys had fun, I was jealous!
thank you for following me!
Thank you for the #FF and allowing me to catch up. You are too sharp!
Atmosphere was good. Maybe hard to tell online? The Dead Weather was cool... Don't miss it. Ween next! ;)
headed bk already. Yea holler , not eluding u lol
I think I'm addicted to Civ 2 again.
ahh that's why I love home
pups in the park day! cant wait to make some new friends at the game. go !!!
RT : In South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals Before the PrimaryIn South Carolina, a Final Blizzard of Appeals…...
I wonder what a forest would really look like when it's running.
What happened this week that you are excited about? What are you excited about for next week?
not much, how have you been? :)
Make sure you follow official ballpark DJ - See what's being played and make requests!
to my bro #ThunderNation Eating tonight leggo
help me get to 900 followers! 31 more!! please helpp!
Happy #Hump #Day! Our followers rock! Just sayin'.
mean either :(
Careful ladies. Fat people only want to get into your pantries.
miss u too dawg ! we gotta chill when i come back
OK, if you say so.
how do I get started?
Still think they would need to win one in the Big Ten tourney.
This morning I learned the difference between 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(6) -- good stuff, let's call it a day.
Wonder why private pilates classes are so expensive?? Not at EVBS, $45 per private pilates class or $400 for 10 class package.
Get out and enjoy the day everyday. You never know when it all could be taken from you.
please come play los angeles soon!
cool, thank you!
White trash wedding update: I have to wear 'dark orange.' I can't wait til this shit is over. I'm glad I only have one sister.
love it - definitely want to incorporate some of these ideas into future possibilities...
but it was probably about HFCS, Monsanto, factory farms, obesity and lack of exercise. #my guess
Hanson: Facebook has a surface level of "allure" that masks the data mining that is the real purpose of the enterprise.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one. ~Baltasar Gracián
Amen. Blessings to you!
that's me. that's crazy
Ugh! Don't you hate it when people force themselves on to you? I haven't "Stayed in touch" for a reason perv
Your tattoo looks like a obease lightning bolt.
YYEAHH congrats to for "Hot Air Balloon" on BOCA 2011!!!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestions: A bludgeon or some sort of blunt object patted into the palm of big angry man, a rampage through NC
didn't the packers get two seventh rounders?
nothing and u? <3
If you'd told me a year ago that someday I'd be giving mustache advice to red line passengers, I'd have thought you were crazy.
Do you know the time for the game on Friday?
OMG yes.
Gee, thanks for telling me I got a new magazine guys -.-
Had a blast... goodnight world...
Time for the 3-Point Contest!!!
hold on.. Number?!!?
A giant picture of this woman's infected mouth. Looks like herpes. And it just came up on my TV thru my Roku FB channel...
yeah ur such alot in my side u know and ur just so right ur a kool girl or ur a guy
Congrats to Team Max Muscle's
talks about keeping #poweringthepossible modules interactive & creative for ACS kids while teaching practical skills
DID SOMEONE SUMMON ME?
do you think Miami has enough composure and are able to take a championship this year?
Great night i had last night !! We party like
I don't see a six pack lol
Wanted to take a moment to reiterate my hatred of the #DMV Government retardedness at its finest.
RT : Spent months training to fight Munoz and now I have to fight a guy who sounds like "PIP" from South Park.
I love gay people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> they know how to party
i want my golf ball
We Will Be Dropping Our Crewnecks Real Soon
I love getting off the bus and smelling roasting chili peppers
"Education is the mother of leadership." Wendell L. Willkie
God I need to get OUT of this house. I really can't take it anymore.
I was getting many calls from FTIsland but the 5 free were out and than I had to pay so I had to delete the app :(
Not too shabby. Trying to stay on the sane side of the yellow brick road. Doing a lot of reading :-),
RT : Happy hour continues until 7pm as does the meet up/tweet up. Come join. Tweeting not even necessary.
You probably shouldn't have done that.
how's the Mint Money Magic doing?
70%+ of US online audience watch video & # of streams consumed should more than double by 2013. Source: Forrester(TM)
Our brand new song "Nothing Changes is going up tonight at 8! Go to www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband to listen! RT!
Happy Paczki Day! Looking for a way to celebrate? How about 's Mardi Gras Party tonite at #TurnerHall w/ Paul Cebar.
cant wait 4 2marrow hottest day of da year so far plus mothers day. if ur gonna do sumthin special for ya mama rt
Still lusting over Megan's coral shift.
I'm Online Now :)
what? Lol no girl it wAs just like the practice test you'll be good
I will be at the Nov 11-13 FUN FUN FUN. You MUST check it out!!!
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me14
#Georgeclinton on #dailyshow. #funk that's tight
Prous of Austin. He is so cute<33
shiid...im asking pig fa 5 now.
“: Dear vampires, Aren't you worried about AIDS? O_o Sincerely, curious.” Hahaha omg
I'm blessed! Couldn't have asked 4 nor created a better husband. I want 4 nothing and more importantly I'm adored
Do you watch Shark Tank?
I Think Im Gonna Ustream
Buying real estate is a way to create a legacy for your family.
Yeah I'm not an artist to submit for this!
My ears are still ringing from last night's adventure to the club. When will I ever learn?!
am I going to see you this weekend? (:
RT : Hiawatha light rail service between 38th St. & Franklin Ave. stations has been restored. Thank you for your patience....
RT : RT It took us over 3 years to send 1 billion tweets. Now it only takes us 1 week to send 1 billion. WOW!
you mean about north and south korea? That has to be one hell of an important step and completely unreported here - I think.
Love me if you care . And believe me if you care
You know you've spent way too much $$$ at a candy store when the workers give you free ice cream...
Back from a dinner w/ our Japanese neighbors at our fave vegan Japanese restaurant. A new experience for them and they loved it.
I don't mean to be mean. Im just joking bout it all. If it bothers them they should tell me if they don't then I don't know Sorry
"non-preachy vegan", I like it
I really need to go. Goodnight <U+2665>
#BelibersWillNeverLeaveJustin right RT this if this is a good point
I can make you fall in love with me again :)
If you really want to ruin Ninja Turtles just go back and re-watch the cartoon. Its fuckhorribleshit. I made a word for how bad it is
I love you boo boo <33
oh my gosh, thank you! If you have more awesome stuff, send it my way. Don't you work at The Egg and I?
yummy and dangerous! Haha I need another Tuesday shift with you to get me motivated about healthy eating.
#Knicks fans shower Jeremy Lin with MVP chants p
Spinning at tonight with Gonna be crazy arrive early doors open at 9pm.
So very happy to read that The Artist took home the top award. I haven't seen the movie but am looking forward to the DVD!
Savings Tip - Unplug everything when it's not in use.
lol is he getting his toes done? They're very much needed...
True dat RT : Virgo #ZodiacPeople - Virgo women look for kindness, integrity and inner strength in a partner.
CORRECTION: Why am I not surprised!
Ima get the LAST laugh...pussies.
The official hotel of this year's is Discounted rate for our participants & attendees!
yay! Welcome to the cult!
Good bles girlfriend and boyfriend.
bad girl! Bad boy! Lol xoxoxo
yeeecchh, but vivid
thanks. Thanks. I'll check it out. It's a mom's day surprise for my wife.
Okay, resolved. I'll make and send bacon to you (and possibly others). What flavor?
who needs references anyway? Let's just replace the whole bib with "Dude, trust us. Would we lie?"
Big shot by Vandy at the buzzer. #badgers were alternatively super sharp and very sloppy. But enough for a 1 pt lead at the break.
your tweets are gay
That Michael Jordan commercial gets me everytime! Lol
We are in need of UI UX designer for several clients in Portland,OR. Please send your resume to
seems doubly appropriate to tweet the good news. Congrats FULL professor Tucker!!!!
What a nice Spring day.
will be looking out for it! Had fun tonite
i want to get up and do things but there is a cat on my chest. oh well.
Aren't u in New York? That sounds like a deal. Last time I was in NY I went 2 Katz's & paid $20 for a pastrami & a coke.
Isn't anyone else distressed that Newt's visionary plan to revive US manned space exploration is dismissed as a joke?
when all you wanted was to be wanted
And they'll update their site (and facebook) if they move it inside.
thats not that much though. btw you missed me last night. i slept at home.
Mario...easily.
We're working with NBC to gather the latest interviews and information in the Trayvon Martin case & Stand Your Ground debate.
Thank you for following us and would like to know how we can get a SAKIRI vodka bottle to her?
Loves Faces !
a definite win. “: I was a little nervous, but Portland only came in at #36! Thats a win if you ask me!”
Woo hoo RT : Got my wristband for my #x-factor audition, visits for my good luck wishes. Next up:
You dont relize how important jelly is until you run out and almost choke on a peanut butter sandwich
Tide to become Official Laundry Detergent of #NFL. All teams incl. Fee must've been high! But activation opportunities endless.
Left Brain Right Brain
Confession5:i like girls that carry themselves right
Looks like brought some production values to scotland with him.
"American Songbook VII" is being performed by this coming weekend in Philly and Swarthmore
need to go on tour already Im dying for a show in houston!!!
ok that's weird
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 65
just saw myself on the cover of a magazine eating a penis lollipop.. ugh stupid papz catchin me at the wrong time :-///
semantic satiation?
I dont want no damn kids
Duke out and the Lehigh guy steped out of bounds and no one show it.
headed out to TrueNorth Cultural Arts for summer auditions for The Secret Garden! Happy Monday!
so you know that just means you're getting old...
Dr Giedd: digital revolution does change brains. Brains evolved to be adaptable.
Having so much energy right now ha
I miss
Delicious dinner - Peruvian pork tenderloin (thx to my grillmeister ) & spicy pineapple salsa on corn tortilla.
hello how r u
Last slide, on annual basis, how much training does your company provide with regard to social media? Most say none. Sometimes 1-2 hrs.
I'm about to go use my spa and massage groupon. I'm now going to ignore the world for 2 hours. Bye!
Sit back and enjoy knowing that imitation is the highest form of flattery. Unless it's Anthony Weiner. That'd be a problem.
I don't know how it could possibly be more exciting than all the databases provided through the app contest.
Hahha! RT : I do 5 situps every morn. May not sound like much, but theres only so many times you can hit the snooze button. -unknown
The secret to a long-lasting relationship is remembering that the best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
We've had so much growth that we need more sponsors. Anybody want to step up? Maybe suggest a company or two we should contact?
#RIPCaitlin The Hustler family will miss you so much! So will the band itself.
not good for husky and wildcat fans. UCLA is going to be good next year...
FIU players walk out of banquet to protest Isiah Thomas firing. Knicks fans everywhere ask why Eddy Curry didn't walk out when Isiah canned
OMG I bet she is:)
Sorry folks, the KMFDM record along with the RATT and Cinderella tshirts just sold
Rocking my pink chucks for good luck.
Fear can’t create jobs. But & can. RT this, tell them to stand against #HB56 and
The dream I had last night >
My hated mental iPod: my talk went well last night, but now I have Hammer's "2 ligit 2 quit" stuck in my head.
He has to give you reasons to keep saying "DAMMIT HELLBOY"...
Going to sleep! Had a very fun day with family and friends! Shopping tomorrow!! Woo Hooo! :]
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOO @ THE PRECIOUS TWEET *DEAD*
OR, American X Factor. Anyway they're all blocked and reported as spammers.
what an
Not seeing very many RIP for Kim Jong Il.
Have you heard of HULU.com Was total tonight that you can watch movies, tv, news all free. Who needs cable.
WHO TRYNA SMOKE ???? ALL DESE WEED HEADS ON FB N TWITTER DISAPPEAR WHEN SHIT GET REAL #BEYOURSELF MY NIGGA..... NOW THIS SESSION DOE!
When making <3 please #express urself! Anything less is like doing a dead ho! Unless that's yo thang!
i don't have anything to do with filtering policy, but if you have any links that would be helpful i can send them on to our it dept
you a fool bruh!!!Musicians always slipping stuff in on the unassuming tho! Hilarious
Today in #JOUR4953 we had a lively discussion about old school and new school journalism with Mike Gousha!
you too, amigo.
most definitely
Feel so good! Merry Christmas Everyone <3
did you see 2night? was the turn water into gold guy 4real? LMAO!
Oh, jeez. Thanks!!
No matter happens, Evgeni Malkin will always be my favorite player, and the reason I began to watch hockey. I feel so happy for him!
absolutely! :-D
I ate to much ate the China Buffet! It was good, but I'm paying for it now. -__-
Dis girl said she still be on myspace
I'm expecting a phone call tomorrow
Is swimming a required skill before you are cast on #Survivor?
yeah, I remember when the snes and 64 came out and each was better than the last :) meaning nes <
I'm researching men's underwear brands & I have to say its quite an awkward task to be doing at work.
Had a bonfire last night with my favorite people. <3 can't wait for the next one.
Superdome fans fall asleep as Saints win.
look im really sorry for being mean and rude to you so can we please get along with each other
Lol! RT : I feel like I need a debriefing or something after shows are over, cause I feel so lost.
cam. Hilarious
why would anyone run 20 miles ever?! 10 is enough!
I bet Niall fainted when Justin walked in.
heading back near the institute to see Wayne dj
Coming soon...put your seatbelt on...
too much heat on the hair! cold weather! Not getting hair cuts regularly!
is this because I told you to?:)
Good morning everyone! What's on your mind this week?
oh a kangaroo reference?
MyCity starts their series of Chevy "test drive" promotions today!! First stop - PACKERS STADIUM! www.MyCityPromotions.com
For now lol. Hate #Buckeyes .#GOCARDS go #BigEast RT Whoa--you're rooting for us? lol
Shud I sleep like him ?:/ ": Einstein slept 10 hours a night."
on a less serious note, aaron freeman's 'marvelous clouds' is pretty great.
Kellogg is a monster
thanks :D xoxogno
She Said She At The Strip Club Right Now But She Wanna Slide Down My Pole <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Coughh Coughh #YouDontSay Lol #IsThatSo Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I love strawberries as much as u or more
Great opportunity for Oregon RT Here it is Northwestern, Washington losing opens another door into the Dance.
I don't care if he's 6'5, 350lbs, a name like Cordy says laid back, fan of Jason Mraz. I'm guessing he enjoys bonfires.
Listening sales conf, THE CAGE by Gordon Weiss strikes me as a profoundly necessary book. Can't wait to read
I went for a job interview today. He asked me "Where do yo see yourself in 5 years?" I said ........"Unemployed?"
THANKS for sharing about our upcoming Feb. camp! You are always so wonderful with sharing tweets.
We are not going to win anything with #CarmeloAnthony disappearing like this.
Do you think Kurt Cobain killed himself because he knew that 20 years later he would influence so many shitty grunge revival bands?
I know u would:)
got a Twitter. <33
MetaWorld Peace with the Park ball hug.
I hate you so much more than you could realize. And you're the one that transformed the dislike to hate.
Google+ is an amazing SM platform. If MS can come up with something similar, im all for competition in the SM mktplace.
Diet Moon Mist
Trying to prepare a new recipe in the kitchen!
“: SIeeping with my bestfriend's mom.. #YOLO” but what if your friend's mom drinks your water. SHE WANTS THE DICK.
Asia Institute will be tweeting less until March 15, 2010.
thanks! It was awesome :)
hm does Justin wanna come and visit me today lol
#CHARLIECLIPSISSHAPEDLIKE mr.penguin from bat man
The Constitution? I read it for the articles. Especially on Constitution Day,
text me girllllfrienddd I missh your face. :(
I can't wait to see Kendra on top
according to klout, i think i could teach the class myself?
Sleeping like the dead.
Well, his up-and-down yardage totals from the past four seasons make it seem a bit different.
Did you watch the Golden Globes last night?
AARP uniformly supports big spending and big govt. DON'T JOIN.
Nope, no sentence.
<<: If Yu Still Wear Micros U Childish #MyOpinion>>
Words as keys to choose the right you can open any soul and close his mouth every ...
Well great.
I appreciate the diversity of a world where "Victorian Admirals Anthology" is a game someone can make.
HA! You must be really excited
OMG I want a T-shirt.
Concept meeting today, ideas?
Adams song never fails to give me chills
What is the most money you have spent at a fast food drive thru?
"Where there is no vision, there is no hope." –George Washington Carver
maybe?! Haha I was near there snapping pics for Hope you have fun!!
oh, yummy, spinach! Warden knows what birdies love :) Baby spinach is my favorite •>
Stretching myself vocally, musically and lyrically on a new tune.....I can do this =p
Rickie Fowler is 6 deep on the day. -9 total.
I wander How Boys FeeL When They Lose The One they Really lOVE??
Christians should keep God's Word in you at ALL times Col. 3:16
thanks Carl!
MLS was very bad but nothing tops Arsenal's game today!
#crrunconf project-based learning needs to be tailored to student abilities AND teacher abilities--Mindy Wright
Tonight: dinner at - what should we order?
Shid when times get Rough! i just get ROUGHER THAN TIMES!!!
Lol my cousins gf text me everyday at like 8am to wake up.
no, no, those are pictures of black veil brides!
in a good mood already ? This is great . (: #lehhgo !
The new 30 for 30's look amazing!! Bo Jackson!!
grading always takes a lot out of me. shouldn't be that way, but it be that way.
I think player Marc Burch was looking to get another broken arm from at the end of the game!
Seattle City Light or Pub Utilities - whatever - ability to fix a downed power line is nothing short of ridiculous.
'Forget Me Not' It's not super scary, it's a psychological film. It's made to confuse you. And I thought she did awesome(:
Bahahaha "": wonder what would say to Drake's face." Son you scared of Drake? You sound afraid of dude."
Dining solo at this awesome Mexican restaurant in Alamogordo, NM. Got stopped at a border control checkpoint on way here.
#shitfansgirlssay my baby you're growing up so fast
neridahart: home at last - #sla2010 was great - see you all in 2011 in Philadelphia
I'm virtually slapping whoever says its an engagement ring.
Iced caramel mocha is my guilty pleasure
The end of an era...
Saw someone on facebook with the name "Michael Ikeeplosingbets Giants"
It's raining in LA today.. I should start doing my homework
“: I need to get a tattoo NOW.” get one with me darling!
Recent eat: Amol on Ludlow. Decent Food, good imported beers, bizarre service. Ambar still holds 1st place for Cincinnati's best Indian food
probably getting in really late tonight... you gonna be around for a while or is this just a quick cameo visit?
I would have laughed a year and a half ago, but now I just feel your pain. :/
Looking forward to our Annual Ambassador BBQ THIS Sun. from 1-3:30pm at the Leonard BBQ pit! Can't wait to see all our new members!!!!
I need a weekend getaway to a beautiful hotel...need to try has anyone been?
shot a rack bet a rack u gambling with ur savings
My mom worked in public schools for 20+ years. She told me 2go into teaching because it brought her joy & meaning. Always listen 2mama!
Vanilla nut Duncan donuts coffee is too tasty :D
going blonde tomorrow. this head is in dire need of a change, and a smokin' hot one at that!
Just got a free ticket to Jack White tomorrow night. Hell yes.
Wilbanks for Murray-Rust: if we can't change the contracts (right now), publicize contracts.
I hate seeing 1 of my friends or family really sad.
I hate people who are lazy and Irrattating!!!!!!!!
I can't even fit a dress and a single bed in my room together, the fuck am I supposed to fit all my shit
since I study graphics in college and i do so much computer, social media is starting to feel like homework
cant wait to be in my babe's arms tomorrow. #muchneeded #muaaah <3 ;)
The seat belt broke on our truck. I look like a child in grown up clothes with it dangling off of me.
West Warwick is the club that burned down when Great White was playing in Rhode Island, in case you were wondering.
Lets go pay some bills today.
My neighbor's chickens are so annoying. Bock bock bock-FUCK YOU.
that's some shiggitty!!!
Some just aint right about nina??????
My Faith In God has given me peace
yeah, it sucks... but getting well deserved rest time.. thx. :-)
Hi Betty, just beautiful! I love DC, loved living there when we did. But raising a child there was not cool.
thanks for the HR Schoolhouse RT yesterday.! Happy Friday.
Drink well, drink OTR, Drink Lackman with us this weekend!
Are you ready for your blood to rise?
What are hashtags? o.o
I need to survive midterms, so I'm DM once I'm free, but I will be at this Sunday if you love food trucks.
Woohoo Saturday is here. ;-) come get a relaxing pedicure $28
Thanks for following...here's to positive tweets that are useful too the masses!
their Zombie ep was the one that made me a believer.
Carl Woese is on to what is next. Sees biological evolution differently. More lateral gene transfer. Genetic networking.
thnx! we are happy to be connected to a great org. looking to brand #nwindiana as a "region of innovation"
#kids Creative Space at Creative Space, Sun, May 20 12:00p: A group show of local artists featuring works by: Aki Ishiguro Bruno...
Smash on sum snicker ice cream.....this fye
Teamed up with a firm that does Forensic Mortgage and Appraisal Audits. I think it is THE hottest weapon in the fight against foreclosures!
so, let's recap. Commish is judge, jury AND rules on all appeals? Someone f'd up for the nxt 10 yrs @ that CBA
Alex farted and I wanna puke..
hahahaha I just saw this now. What's up?
I wish i could be a singer but that would be hard to get discoverd so many people say "well not everybody can be a singer" what should i do
yuuupppp I got my Oreos on deck and my juices
I agree w/ you that part of Melo celebrating is his persona... but I'm really just going on playoff record.
Should I take Winstol?
I did now follow
thank you!!!! Its about time lmao.
yes ma'am. Http://wwwclevelandprojectorrentals.com
u know I check all day everr day!
The feel-good story in "Moneyball" would have more impressive if it hadn't ignored the real-life talents of Zito, Hudson, Tejada, & Chavez.
Who, Angel?
Eric and I are picking BatMan up at 2:30 tomorrow!!!
#ForSmallBiz Support good vibes! Follow us!!
do you young man
Going to say goodnight now. Hope you all have a great rest of the evening!
Playing again tonight from 6-6:45 w/ Come on out!
Sade and John Legend at the Staple Center! What, What!!
anyone have advice on a good diagnostic for wordpress sites to seek out and find malware?
oh that's so funny. Get it? Because Perry forgot the third thing that one time.
Will be connecting with Henry Doorly Zoo this morning to discuss genetic conservation. Yesterdays presentation was good.
Hey man hoping to get up here in fort Wayne so we can see ya may 12th!
Was on a date last night... how did it go...?
I hate when my dad gets called in.
just signed up for a conference in Milwaukee....hello #sausagerace!!!!
hey Phil!!!!! I like your face, will you marry me?
Tell me you don't believe what any GM says. It's all a chess game.
Love writes a letter, and sends it to Hate.
omg its SO bad.
I don't care if is 8:30!! I want to stay down at the barn!! I love my horses(:
don't let the engineers repair the Atlas! Focus on killing the Atlas first and everything else will fall
Try google latitude widget for your google homepage.
im sorry your sad. Yeah im busy im at work. Im sorry!
If I were in/visiting China, I'd be very careful about following that account. Unfortunate but true.
RT : so Dwayne is concerned about your loyalty?
RT : Im just glad my freakiness dont turn u off
Towns and park today?
Thanks! Isn't the party hat one of the coolest things you've ever seen? I need to find one to wear in real life.
Did you mess up & eat junk yesterday? That's OK... just get back on track today. Treadmill, weights, healthy eating. You CAN do it! Luv ya!
Thanks! RT : we have reported all the spammers as they posted. reporting event to twitter.
such a horrible night:/
thnx! right back at you!
ok... Beck and Trina.... Why is this so shocking?
If your water claims to be "skinny" you probably shouldn't be drinking it.
"Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me..." (Psalm 23:4 NLT)
Did you see how that real story played out?
- I love you beautiful (:
watched you on twitcam and you made me love you even more!! <3 YOUR ACCENT IS AMAZING and youre so adorable :) FOLLOW ME!
is anyone playing ff13 two and how is it
Cut that mf music off cuz!
Peace out #Rochester! See you in a few days! #Minneapolis or bust!!
Saw him play in person over xmas at tri-city. 1st game was a shutout!
This is I love you bestfriend
I would have written the same article regardless of gender. In the article I do not say one way or the other.
Awww thanks!!! uhmmm me too but cant u download pics from ur phone to ur computer??
Ferry was the best coach in the metro in my opinion! He & Braica.
hey i am well... it has been a long time...
Getting in the wedding spirit at the for the #VowBridal Show!
hahaha you should be!!! (proud not dying)
No ones words hurt me as much as yours do
I missed the #BigTimeTourSpecial :(
summer cant even handle us right now. Haha
#Huguely judge is now asking jury how late they plan to work tonight.
Delance where's the rocks?
possibly the best breakfast ever - say Hi to Wanda, she's the amazing owner
No, that's all of us. Particularly heavy handed in the second movie.
The deference 2 James Harden: Such a great ability of the OKC team, such a valuable skill 4 an off guard 2 have.
So I saw your post on Tumblr about the TAP private party, and my friends and I would definitely be interested! :)
I think i like my followers more than my real friends.lol
Still cannot believe the referees didn't see that hand pass, unbelievable.
anyone a member of a Y in Charlotte? I may sign up today and I can use you as a referral if you want a month free :)
Erica Newland, #CDT: UTenn study: average users would have to spend 180-304 hours/yr to read privacy policies of all sites they use
keep hustling out there Big Baby...we need that win tonight, we want to see you guys again at the Amway!
nothing.. I hope you read this so i can tell you i love you so mutch!!! PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
Swamp people freak me out.
really enjoy the " things I didn't learn in #libraryschool " posts.
Merry New Year...I mean Happy Birthday to !!!
rude..didn't even comment..
thank you for the great concert last night in Chicago my daughter and I had a great time!
Lol my dad said he didnt want me at his funeral,i agreed, but nw imma go jus tah mke sure he dead x to dance on his grave :) lmao
Dove Awards tonite, can't wait!
Broke ass niggas go that way ---->
Tag...you're it!
something.huge.down.throat. haha “: CAN'T.stop.coughing.”
HTM Legendary Bulldogs - we are expecting puppies late november. www.htmlegendarybulldogs.com and www.facebook.com/htmlegendarybulldogs
I thoroughly approve of Taylor Green's choice of #atbatmusic: can't go wrong with "Layla" by Derek and the Dominoes
Playing Jenga while listening to the TRON: Legacy soundtrack = EPIC.
As it should, Every Great Dream Begins with a Dreamer, Do the Damn Thang, U Deserve It!!!
Always a nice feeling driving next to a "Illinois Prisoner Transportation Vehicle" on the highway... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BA>
CAN YOU HELP ME WITH MY WEIGHT. MY E-MAIL ADDRESS IS
Man is a universe within himself
Too cool. Cheers.
adam and eve don't eat that fruit 2chainz ''voice''
When I met other animators that were in the biz before I got in... I never let "can you look at my reel" be the first thing out of my mouth
<3 miss me
Everyone follow ! Also, check out the event page on fb - since twitter lacks in that department.
Lol good thing it's a kids. At times you have trouble finishing the bigger one
maybe thats what I need to shake this headcold. Have any left?
Thanks for the follow - more on the website www.Historic-FortMyer.com
I was just reminded as to why I moved away from home.
#IThankGod for another Life that he gave to me.
There's also something to be said about arguing with yourself. Alone. At full volume. Shaw volume.
royers in the shower
Should #royals fans start talking about who we will draft #1 overall next year.
"Mary is paler than before and her eyes shine with unnatural brilliance."- LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
how can he compete with ?
Slept in today op's guess I needed it!
Check out my second twitter .
thx for the follow!
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you have a creative weekend and a Happy Easter!
Schedule rest so that you're able to focus. Find flow in the chaos.
Sun Drop is the absolute worst soda pop on earth!
So proud of my husband today!
Johnny Depp is coming out on Jimmy Kimmel, I love this guy!
Can't KAL without yarn. Hook me up!
Thanks for the RTs!
You get cash for your smartphones, computers, tablets, gadgets and help save the environment.
#Packers #Superbowl tees selling fast...some left. Hats supposed to come tomorrow. 608-241-8807
5 mile run was good, but did not solve my technical problems :P
Automatic spell check changed Otis Redding to Otis Reading. I apologize, sir! No disrespect!
But where's Ray J?
#FF my buddy who is brand spankin' new to the Twit Engine.
Thanks; so far it seems pretty worthwhile!
i had no idea u had a owner smh.... wow i think we should talk anymore is pissing ur owner off
Yeah I prepped the drive for both Mac and PC. I even exchanged the HD AND the Mac Mini. It works fine on my Macbook Pro
#Dallas citizens pass $30M bonds in '06 to upgrade #Cotton Bowl. +$7M likely to be in '12 bond vote to help keep TX OU game.
7 yr old says why can't zoo have school? Cause there too many cheatahs...Joey big fan!
inspiration: deep ambivalence, fear, a horrific imagination? writers: Conrad, Dostoyevsky, Guy Debord, McCarthy, Rider Haggard.
HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP HOLY CRAP I JUST WON TICKETS TO CARRIE UNDERWOODS PRIVATE CONCERT IN NYC TOMORROW.
agreed. Glad I read in the parenthesis
#NP So Far To Go x J. Dilla ft Common
RT : 3 most dreaded letters 4 athletes world wide "ACL." I feel terrible 4 D Rose. We all praying 4 a speedy recovery.
lmaoooo get off twitter man
it would mean the world to me if you told me happy 17th birthday!!!! <3 lovee you
"huge" was the correct answer. :)
I love ReTweets...thanks for spreading the positive!
Sitting next to former Yankee & Bluejay Tony Fernandez in FLL airport.
Love it!
The late Mike Wallace was the only journo w/chops to ask YMCMB the real questions: "Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?"
thanks for the RT!
doesn't matter to me!
Thanks for following me on tweeter and add me as friends!
At the comedy show
On the road again. The last leg of my return trip to KC.
#shoutouttothegirlsthat want to wear their Chuck Taylor's under their wedding dresses. The grinners & unprofessional dancers!
So very true!
tweet this bitches, Childish, that is Childish Gambino will be at The Riv in Chicago on March 30!!!!!! Gonna be a riot!
Met agents yesterday, now must finish the memoir.
New collection coming soon in Oct--stay tuned!
Bad things happen so you can see who is there for you at the end of the day. once you realize who really is, thats all that really matters.
Because is so cute and his eyes & smile is so beautiful the girl who calls you (her's) is very lucky!<3
thas badass i cant believe my cousin made it all the way up there
Life is a gift, no moment to waste, be lifted by the wings of joy, be carried by the winds of grace.
Clients are now 2 for 2 in August on huge underdogs. Today was FLA +230..and I feel damn good about that!
Please file as many lawsuits against the illegal #NDAA as you can the second our hypocrite presidents signs this monstrosity.
Thanks David! I hope to join back with the team after my wedding next year... life is too hectic right now to keep up. :)
you'll be okay., I'm going to pray for you and I love you
Time to get out the water. Im pruning.
This home court advantage >>>>>>
Hotlanta I mean Atlanta Georgia the peach state for an hour
Can World of War Craft be used for an educational advantage? Just wondering...
Much needed 3rd place yesterday!
I like when he pulls the mic from the back of his overalls. Gah.
This rain sucks
Oml lol my stomach is killing me
RT Have A great weekend
#WaysToGetOffThePhone i have to feed my food some food.
listening to jedi mind tricks, this music is deep :P
if you're 9 months premature then you're just a stain
Success is never final and failure is never fatal. It's courage that counts. -Jules Ellinger
WE have all been given everything we need. Air..Food, clothing, shelter...& even Energy! A plan that will benefit All! Not just the 1%.
visit me this Sunday, July 10th at my open house: 3651holboro.com
at work again with my mom... doctor's appointment later, I hope this works out, on my 7th specialist...
Norris J (EWHC) delivers judgment in Re Liberty International PLC case relating to creditor issues in a demerger: [2010] EWHC 1060 (Ch).
That singer looks like the love child of Simon & Garfunkel.
Im sorry if i pushed you away
Nice. W/ #PervasiveComms & rate of tech, when we figure optimal app use, it's usually changed/obsolete.
Time to move on
Haha that scorpion woman from #anchorman is in this show
The Team is coming together
me too
aww thanks baby. Bein with u makes me happy
Ladies Night!
Things should be back to normal now. Let us know if you have any more problems.
Life Is only hard when you don't try
Aye L.O.
my pleasure. Thank the late great Steve Jobs for designing such an amazing piece of art!
": #Gemini's have high divorce rates because once they get disenchanted with you, they leave rather than work through it."
Great, thanks. Could you please give me an email address to send the questions to?
Do you think your people struggle with being true to themselves? Do their values match up with their work?
So adorable! I was busy training this morning, and cooking all afternoon!
Vandys 3 point shooting is crazy.
have you had that happen o you
ahaaha. Nah.thanks !
ate you for real that is yours
Beautiful breezy day in NYC today. This kind of weather is my favorite!
Thanks for the shout outs , , -- you all do great work too!
Had breakfast with Ray, Corey and Bill yesterday Dan and Laurie today...all former board members for Life Success and still great friends!
I guess. Damn fuzz just keeps growing back.
Happy Day, Natalie. RT : Sacramento! Join me in wishing the wonderful a VERY happy birthday!
you assume that Whitney's death is necessarily connected to her "struggle" and that hasn't been proven & right now not relevant
I finished my backup of 180GB yesterday. decides to charge me over three times as much today. Great.
George Zimmerman Will be charged. Best news I've heard all year. Prayers have been answered <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> Hallelujah <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Misses kinda alot
Keep God first and you'll never be last.
Non-Equity Jeff Awards nominations came out last night. Did your favorite performances make the list?
Thanks for the follow Lisa!!
Sweet jumper by
Your success is up to you!
I think I have a crush on Captain America. Or Chris Evans. Or Chris Evans as Captain America. This is surprising. Sorry Hawkeye.
Hate to say it, but the US has a lot of work to do if it wants to keep up with our neighbors to the South...Mexico wins the U17 World Cup!
My point is that a white neigborhood watch guy killing a black man is a blip compared to black on black crime. Focus is misguided
hm... Well, there are a lot of smart people here. :)
In one ear - Cage the elephant :D
ah the Calming effects of a Padron.. wait till u get to the big ones.. did they come back from desert state? they were DRY
you say you fresh, I say #shutyodumbassup you bout as fresh as spoiled meat.
How are you gonna be driving a brand new Escalade and paying at 7-11 with Food Stamps? C'mon people. Have some freaking dignity.
Sweet! “: Get ready for some special Mother's Day posts tomorrow & Sunday on our page!”
RT : RT : "Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." ~Abraham Lincoln
If things were easy to find they aren't worth finding.
Incredible Southsider today. Shared with Chi-town friend and he said closest thing he's has to real thing here. Good work!
Have a great time! Happy Easter!
Good lookin out on the verse homes...
Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That’s why girls wear make up and boys lie.- Wiz Khalifa
Hey ! Just landed in LA. You around the next few days? Would love to see ya girl!
as we I, Callie is a great character
This Saturday... Earn your weekend.
lol tell me about it
I love the way you are always there, even so far away. You're perfection and I never want to do without you.
Peace Fans :)
Why, are they all gone?
Wearing dress shirts tucked into jeans with sneakers.
doing a story on this? If you do, tweet me.
#5thingsaboutme 2.I want to rap with one day. I mean, I can rap. I just can't write.
You got what you deseved from Tamron. You were completely disrespectful, and to say there is no #waronwomen is just tone deaf.
thanks Carole! I've wanted pink hair since listening to No Doubt's CD in middle school. Lol.
Hey man - I like Dropbox...
You were the best mixed couple of 2012
idk everything just yet bro but I'll let u know man
Your welcome.
I just seen someone that has a face even an Instagram filter couldn't fix.
Your mother is a whore. Yes I mean you.
RT from IranL unconfirmed - several Generals have been arested -
wat it is big homie....this brian nigga where you workin at now bra
#RomneyPickUpLines: Let me see your assets.
So.......now I have to decide which side to start with?
The Nutty Professor with Eddie and Jada is on HBOZ!! Too funny to this day!
Hi, #blogchat! Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommas in the house.
Can't wait to see what God has in store for ! May the fruits of your labor always glorify Him... <3
Goodness of God leads men to repentance. Paul...
How long does the paragraph have to be?
Tonight, the venue takes both my job and 20% of our sales. Tomorrow, we eat 80% of a meal.
Admin Assistant job in MPLS interest in working as an admin for a financial services firm with a great team: ,
It's okay to grow slow. Slow and strong is preferable to fast and weak. It takes time to develop that core.
Albuquerque Fire Dept says smoke in the area is from AZ, not local via
Seems a few people are doing it (besides us, now) and there's actually an account. I love Twitter. :D
Romeo and Juliet is the most hardest book i have ever read, i dont get why we're reading it in English Class
more followers would be nicee but its ok im still going too be me
aha, just that it can be extremely nice and lots to do in parts depending on where you go :)
Sittn waiting to get in the chair next ...
thanks bud :) how are you? i havent talked to you in forever.
Looking forward to seeing tomorrow!
that is so awesome!
ooh, do tell!
It wasn't even about you...
We almost stayed there for our honeymoon. Took the tour; people were very friendly & helpful. Seemed fine to me.
I think I might be able to go to bed before 2 am today! Yay!!!
i don't know what that means, but will do.
oh i thought you were asking me and mike to make love
Financial well-being is simply not thinking about money you haven<U+0092>t earned, to buy things you don<U+0092>t need, to impress people you don<U+0092>t like
The Bon Iver station on Pandora is really amazing.
Dropped my phone twice in class, should i stay or should i go. Just be chasing pavements
hey big fan of ur work Im out of Dallas as well, I would luv to c if ur up for coffee to talk shop
#ROBERTSBAD AND HE KNOWS IT
eating a lovely dinner at before Mac shopping.
When Spassky was asked whether he prefers sex or chess, he answered: “It depends on the position…”
Excited to see my first live pitch on Thursday xx
“ What rapper do yall want me to collab with?”|Drake
. on #PrinceGeorges #bagfee: "The idea is not so much to raise revenue, the idea is to get people to behave differently."
ik did u listen
Yoga 3times a week,pump iron 3times a week & 1 hr of arobics 7 days a week helps give some peace to sleepless nights from wife of 31yrs gone
Epic goodbye Mark! One for the books.
I'm home .. Lol
I miss chicken sandwiches from Woolworth at Universal Mall.
nope:( my dad has some soccer game that weekend and wont take me. its depressing
by "spilled" I assume you mean "put" because that sounds awesome.
IT'S JUST THE XXL APP THE "READYORNOT" FREESTYLE FEATURE COMES INCLUDED IT'S ONLY THRU IPHONE I THINK.. NOT SURE #GETTEM!
you rock!!!! I hope u have an awesome day too!!
say hi
CVS texted me to let me know my prescription is ready. neat.
I have to visit there
just one hour babe!
Sick of everyone
The assignment desk is also a hub for directions!
speaks a good game regarding fairness doctrine, net neutraility, fcc. Defund the #FCC, don't just criticize their over reach.
I have always been suspicious of any creed, of any conviction, of any program that ignores contradictions - Peter Brook, theater director
happy birthday princeton,enjoy your day, ur 15 :o
I never smoked so theres not a #FirstTimeISmoked And don't plan on having one <U+E208>
see I'm at my moms and where you at
#NBA RT : I don't like Mike Brown's history of hero ball plays in late game situations.
Congrats all around!
That awesome moment when you're arguing with your dad about who of the both of you is most normal.
Yeah, in my roto league. Though I did get Dunn in the 10th round or later of all 3 of my leagues.
Happy Birthday!!!! <3333 :D
#knicks down 0-2.:-\ they have some great basketball yet to play #msgrecovery lets make em sweat for it!
Have a blessed day tweeters!
Merry Christmas! :)
Stop on by and meet out newest crew member Mike.
: Happy New Year, 2010 better be good!
Lace up
haha grillmaster... what you doing tonight?
most dried shellfish on acquired taste list. Im trying though.
I'm sold. I will try on my next responsive website.
Bad news: Thursday night $1 Bud and Bud lights were at least $3 last I checked. You've been warned!
If God is for us, who can ever be against us? Romans 8:31
OMG That Part Was Amazing!!!! Haha Chaz Is My Favorite Character In Your Story!!! :)
sweet! I can't wait!
Why do we crucify ourselves? Everyday iI crucify myself. Nothing I do is good enough for you.
That's awesome. is a fave of ours and they are very good to ! We love !!
we'll keep our fingers crossed ;)
If you are into Post-Apocalyptic Zombie, fantasy, romance or crave a good storyline, "The Forest of Hands & Teeth" should please!
Trying to decide whether to go back to sleep or not. At this point I have had about 1 hr of sleep total. Someone make my brain shut up!
it's #nationalbestfriendday!!! i love you girl!!!!! thanks for being such an amazing friend for 9 years<333
I'll be at #PII2012 on another topic. Looking forward to meet you.
The meaning of the word slut is very clear. It's a vile slur. Language has consequences. Unless you're an ass.
If Reggie Evans has vertigo, I take it all back, but if he doesn't, how does he even take a shower without falling down immediately?
Just realized my blog settings had the time zone set as Africa. Oops.
Slow week, looking forward to the next one.
Trying to save some money to make a run at Man Ram. Keep that a secret.
great art there loved it :]
I really want to watch the #AdamsFamily!!
Is America the only place that celebrate other countries holidays by gettin drunk as hell?; ie St. Pattys Day & Cinco De Mayo
Well, I'll let it slide this time. But if it happens again, I'm cutting another corner off your nerd license.
On the Rail, just saw Bost yelling on the monitor. Anyone with audio know what about?
Will you remember me? Cause I know I won't forget you.
Good morning! Are you in the Antelope Valley? Looks familiar to me. :)
i dont understand!
Heidi! Sorry I missed this before. Good Seasonings mix w olive oil & balsamic vinegar. PLUS a big dollop raspberry preserves
The #Yankees are the only team in the AL that's yet to give up 10+ runs in a game. The NL has 5 such teams.
i'm still hungry.
What movie is this on BET..??
Omg Love Song just came on akfusodysldhspzba Damien used to always play this song on the piano to me
I have a hit song I'm working on and I need a better hook
Turn on San Diego Channel 10 news at 6 for story on my client, Jane Roe, who was sexually assaulted by former SDPD cop Arevalos.
amen to that!
Happy Monday!! Holding it down on 103.7 KISS FM until midnight!!
HAHAHHA my fave part was the narrator!! by far!!
10 I think, not that I'm recommending it...lol
Ew. Throw some soy sauce at them.
"You're the only one who can make the difference. Whatever your dream is, go for it." Earvin Magic Johnson
Special thanks to for helping us put on a great
"Yet, under all circumstances, trusting to our Maker .. we will not despair, or despond." Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches, p120
4 shot frappe to wake up...
I was working tonight.
Yay!!! RT : Can't wait to do some guest vocals for ! :)
Life is god :)
's Coates says visit www.cso-effectiveness.org for more information leading up to 4th high level forum on aid effectiveness
NBD,, Disconnect when im on a 32 killstreak! FUCK YOU!
great point. I'm not sure how they do it...
I can't believe this Movement crap isn't over. Do you really think Yogi is THAT good?
its soo annoying!
RT : just confirmed, special guest sponsored by !!!
Gross! RT Trying to remember the last time I had hot chocolate- and wishing I had some in the house.
Oh no, what a bummer! Did they give you ticket vouchers for next time?
6 days until my birthday. I expect a happy birthday.
tell me how you get so many followers no & jane
4th quarter best ever
I'm glad I entertain you(: lmao
their site is down now!
Casey McGehee in the 9th inning?
Dianne Feinstein Defends Obama On Gay Marriage: 'What's Wrong With People Being Happy?': WASHINGTON -- Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif...
you've sparked my curiosity...
Effort is a commitment to seeing a task through to the end, not just until you get tired of it. - Howard Cate
The moment I create a flawless illustration I will quit. Until then I must keep drawing.
thank you! Hard work does pay off:)
I'm aware. It was a joke
Woke up excited for the week end then found it's Friday.
Nope. My mom needs help getting on Yahoo. Can't help you there. Sorry.
Every panel this am good at #sxsw running a biz, social media apis, and future of PR.
that would be #oscar sucks.
Live Twitter interview with curator Susan Davidson on the late American sculptor #JohnChamberlain going on now.
Hanging out with to kick off Realtors Care Day!
just nailed the practice pitch for for demo day tomorrow...repeat performance coming tomorrow afternoon.
Whitney Houston I will always love this woman...amazing I was just thinking of her the other day...Retweet If Whitney is your sister(
I cant sing. But I can play 2 music instruments.
Juicy 07 Solà Fred (90% Carignan, 10% Garnacha) with grilled pork loin in pear/raisin/clove/cinnamon sauce, corn on the cob & haricot verts!
I'll just take it next time... RT : lmao um no that doesn't work ;)
#rooneymara looking good in white
will work on it “: If the Knicks are still playing when we get to NYC, we gotta find a way to see a game live!!”
Ugh this is pissin me off! O_o
One of the big jokes at this year's Black Hat cybersecurity conference in Las Vegas is that there is no such thing as cybersecurity.
yes let's do this again!
B-Jacobs gettin all Game of Thrones wit it RT "We decapitated them. They can't wear that crown no more" - Jacobs on Pats dynasty
my dad opened his pool so i hope it's nice enough to swim sunday
Remember this - #financialaid offers are for #freshman year in #college - only.
This is ATX is so awesome. RT : Rested from #SXSW? Good, because is ALL next week. Free.
It was hilarious xD but cool :p RT : playing (or trying to) just dance with :') &gt;
RT : MT We have a mighty challenge before us, to build a #neweconomy that serves the greater good.
I am taking a huge leap of faith today.
I love you so much.I hope you're having a great day!(:
WHAT??? Somebody better get their mind right! RT : These down south females in my job chosin, practically throwin it at me. Wow!
Somehow, snarking at the Grammy's three hours later, doesn't work for me. Sigh.
India Trip Fact #6: Hinduism makes up 74% of the population; Christians 5.84%. Evangelicals are 2.2%.
do the lakers fans at staples center know anything about basketball? they boo at every single call.
Game 7 of Caps-Bruins series. LET'S GO CAPS!!
It comes from the long connection to tabletop #RPGs, specifically Dungeons & Dragons -- but there are many different genres
no problem Ty. Glad you could make it.
Do you need excellent yet affordable head shots for Philly Actorfest, I am here to help, contact me
Idk how many times I gotta tell marquis I'm hungry
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you
We appreciate the follow, Steve.
Really girls? Back paddling now. U were all rude and evil.
Just a few more days until the launch of our brand new alumni website! We're excited for you to see it!
u were the main culprit going in last night haha
pop ups for free sex video chats. These popups, are preventing me from being able to do anything on the site. Please be patient with me,
Thanks for the retweet sweetie :-)
Cannot wait to see my nephew is his lil tux today!! #weddingcountdownison :)
Looking to have fruitful Friday
$50 Visa Gift card yours before 10:45a. I'll fill you in on
Hey you! How are you? I've been well... life is moving at warp speed :)
Did that last one make sense? The Dr. on board said that if her attack went too far, they can't do much to bring it back.
Great job Darin and. Bruce. great STATE OF ADDRESS. thank. you...
I got the second one!
No one sleeps on twitter<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
how's the talk so far?
Welcome to Twitter, Dawn!
Busy week ahead. Meetings and snow sculpting at Navy Pier.
Brian Stafford played his 120th career game - all starts - with DU last night, tying Kyle Lewis and for the most all-time.
i want some macaroons!!!
hell yeah america
I hate the nights i cant sleep. only 4 hours and 30 minutes of sleep. I feel like im about to pass out. ugh. curse school D:< Gr!
Crazy up in here
Overheard: "I can tell you're not listening." - Out-of-breath girl bluetoothing a conversation while jogging. Multitasking = failing x 2.
Drop by Tonight for some Live Cuban Music from 7:30-9:30pm.
fuuuckkkk she goes hard haha I'm done till thursday when I'm fully recovered hahaha we have to smoke next time :)
Soccer team <3
I got you, I have to were this sweaty ass elephant jersey
Great service at Gateway night...
I need a "please do not disturb" sign today -.-
martini when we are next in NY.
Right on, seconded ... RT : For the record, we love the idea of #foodtruck Friday moving to Red Arrow Park. :)!
yeah, that's not going to happen.
Good Morning! Come in and enjoy a free Blueberry Muffin on your early morning commute, just mention FLUFFY33
Mayor Hancock: We should never stop learning. We should never give up.
#NZWine lovers, what do you want to know about #NZwine? Tweet your questions to and have them answered at the live event!
hour long break from lessons?!? guinness and italian beef please.
I'll stir fry you in my wok
Thanks. I will let you know if I find someone.
Oh my gosh!!!! GUESS WHAT???
Rock Chalk Jayhawk
Awww...I was looking forward to it. We'll get up though, love u much.
A plague doctor? I hope your inspiration is the beak-potpourri mask worn by Robert Downey Jr. in Restoration!
": Next week is going to be awful" what's wrong stinker tinker?
Whos the Cowboy for me in the next at Parx :)
Looking forward to TALKN' TEA!
With what pants
Happy St. Patty's Ya'll! See you at the parades and then the celebration at night!
Arizona the only place that gives me #peace in my
favorite day of the week: Friday b/c of ustream & my new 2nd favorite day is Thursday b/c of throwback Thursday
have been trying to figure out the #nea hash tag to no avail
The story of #TrayvonMartin is heart wrenching.
#Jonez Poll: Dumber bastard, Rondo or Stoudemire?
Can I puhlease receive some good news!!!!!!
My senior ring is in this basement and I'm not leaving until I find it
You may see dueling live tweets from us at #lfi2012 : Laura Van Zeyl at Next Generation Luminaires Awards & Shanna Casey .
"for the men out there it is very important for us to learn about woman's rights and women's issues" - Zach Galifinakis at the rally!
I know I would've
Merry Christmas everyone!!
I didn't know narrated
i love you too !!! I will baby
Hey Shannon - Thanks for the RT about our Navy Pier location!
haha yeah you know :)
just the way it should be
miss you!!!
O's (P) Guthrie delt to Colarado Rockies
You know your topic is popular when people start posting music videos :P
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand. -Charles M. Schulz
ALWAYS have mob friendly landing pages for mob consumers
#LakerNation n im hearing dat Steven A. Smith said Kobe better than Jordan shit i might have to agree
Cyndi Casey and Judith Taran, so pleased to have you as part of PEN. Welcome to our newest associate members!
Such a lazy day, don't even feel like going to the gym.
Is Matt Ryan calling plays?
great! The faster we replace it with simple, straightforward single payer, the better. You know --
For Mario, really?!?
Organizations create mission & vision statements, but how many of us have a personal statement that helps us direct our energy and focus?
Thought Biden was asleep already. I almost won the pool.
Ok people the recission is over with, unemplyment fell, and sales are gaining back. You need to start buying American made goods and cre ...
Thanks for RT. Any pre- theatre Alexandria restaurant recommendations for our patrons?
Great feedback on drug pipeline product today - lots of interest - looking forward to the National Aquarium tonight.
e! Love Ralph and Lauren! We need to set up a play date with them ASAP
yes he is!
I like your hair lol :)
No, I was only 30 then...
Ur so right where you been I miss talking to you friend
Pretty sure I did it to Wings fans a few weeks ago. Tough to keep track though, because I do a lot of rediculous things at games.
Next Thursday, wine dinner w/ Winemaker Rick Sayer of Rodney Strong Vineyards. 4 paired courses $59.95: For menu & more:...
Oops, sorry about that. Try now, we just followed you.
I am going to start to tweet again, I am always having happy thoughts and inspirational thoughts, thought I would share, hope you like!
whiskey. Of course. Sleep will come soon enough.
Just received email from with DNA offer. I went ahead and ordered the kit. Hope to link with family via DNA
at least we can both agree is a bad ass. Yes? No? I think so. :) Goodnight. :)
Still not feeling the same
Haha. Definitely. You should write a book. :)
I produce a few local Christian artists besides myself ..I would be interested in more info about your label..rory-mac.com
Ah! Will try to make it! What time are you crazy kids going?
wow ...holiday! woke up at noon ...now if i can do that everyday!!!
but I admit I'm not reading that sunscreen link. I've had melanoma (caught v early) and sometimes you gotta go 'na na na.'
I <3 viral videos! :P
SNL has all the GOP candidates singing at a bar about the campaign.
Talking to Doug from Weeds! On 4/20!!!
I will limit my salary to the median salary in the city of Milwaukee. I will aggressively find and remove waste and fraud from our budget.
Deleting everyone on facebook that don't know well, or at least not well enough. I'm so tired of facebook
Individual mandate in sweeping health care bill constitutional, federal appeals court says
that was amazing! Missin me some PAC
CNN report: Metro derailment on red line
People can serve on Non-Profit boards & be political. One must only look to Chris Kehoe for evidence of that.
If it came from a plant, eat it; if it was made in a plant, don't!
watching #BucketandSkinnersEpicAdventures this show makes me laugh i didnt notice you were the main character hahahah
i meant this kevin archie:
do more images lmao
reach out to about integrating a music element the ride sharing... (yes, music)
So is this #SuperMoon a real thing? Is it crashing into Earth or what?If so,I have a list of ppl I'm gonna punch in mouth beforehand.
And to all the kids who are drinking hand sanitizer - you are the bane of humanity and make me fear for the future of the world.
Have you ever had a little too much beer before giving a toast in front of a crowd? Tell us your funniest toasting stories!
Bummer. That is the worst part of living in a highrise shared with a hotel - fire alarm testing days. Poor puppy.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways stay a boyfriend because once you get married, fuck!!!!
When guys only want you for sex <<
you live in a place that has servant's quarters?
smh. We have models for community/university partnerships for camps; but key university & local non-prof folk have to step up
My bradda got one wit dis "Dressed Down" joint!!
#YouGetPointsIf you can make me laugh.
Every time I see you my heart melts
instead of saying i love something i'm a say i lust it
As a true Caps fan, I am not comfortable with a 2-goal lead with 7:30 to go.
Three #spartan sightings in Honolulu. Gotta love seeing green!
I am either too old, too out of touch or really slow. I don't get it....
She's a rich girl Buying all the clothes Wrist full of gold You already know She's a rich girl Yeah, she's got cash Pocket so thick. <3
"Breathe out, so I can breathe you in."
RT : Women in Production is a free trade fair featuring #Haitian designers, creators and entrepreneur.
“There is no arrow straight path..., so it does no good to worry about if you’re doing it the right way – look for all oppotunities"-SGudasz
looks pretty cool, thanks!
Thanks to all our recent new followers.
:D RT The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Charlie and the Chocolate Ripple Factory
I need to work on that cause i cant be heart broken
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Breath Remedy Tongue Brushes and most oral care products.
Holy rain!!
What now
Glad you can make it! Will be an exciting event this season!
Working on a Tea party cake. Can't wait for you to see the delicious goodies
Congratulations Jennifer!
LOVE:giving someone the ability to destroy your heart,but trusting them enough not too!!!
I totally understand Jack Donaghy and his mother. You can love and hate somebody with the same ardor.
Hey guyz sorry i havent been on so much!!<U+E415><U+E415>
So...'scrumdiddly' is out, too? You guys are so Draconian.
lol good to know
i will tweet wiht you if you whant
Billboard? Heck, I think you should have a talk show!
Looking forward to seeing creative costumes at the Halloween party, while my girls will have their eyes on the candy.
Looking for collabos ! Reach out if interested!
going over the research for todays council meeting on human svs sec. in mayor's budget. It going on right now. I'm not schedule until late.
He means ennabling techs that spread liquid content. Mixed metaphor from a guy with a BS in mech eng from MIT. But I get it.
Thank you so much ! :) LOL
Having issues with my sound board. Getting nice fuzz and only sound in the left channel. Once resolved I will start filming!
When writing web services, using XmlNode as an operation's request data contract isn't very descriptive
I ball 4 eva
The florida mall, home of the slowest walkers in the world.
Whos from australia and is the sexiest human bin? Cody simpson cody simpson codyyy simpsoon !
I swear it was the makeup
Hey , does Corey Hart lead the league in K'ing to end an inning? I feel like he's slammed many a helmet this year.
where you at boi?!
I want you to do it even more now that Quin doesn't want you to do it lol stand up to his girlfriend beating ass
mellow out man! & don't worry..it's nothing n.n
any word on when the Dirk podcast will be up?
Eczema Treatment - Stay Close to Stay Healthy
hell yeah.
k so this summer I'm gonna walk to Texas and were gonna meet Austin together. Bye.
The Jordan True Blues look nice, what do u think.
Starting this next weekend, our hours will change slightly: Friday, 12-8p and Saturday 12-6p.
I've said for years this event sucked! RT In memory of this Slam Dunk contest, Sprite says it will have no fizz for a year
Didn't promote it cuz it sold out quickly but had a great time last night with & !
I'm sick! Hbu
A John Daly - an Arnold Palmer with sweet tea vodka - is even better. :)
LOL, theres so much going on!!!!!!!!
I MISSED KETURA.TV LAST NIGHT! CURSE MY LIFE.
Love love? Then you're going to love Compulsive Love. Love, the Compulsive Love team.
Sunburnt and loving it..its about time I get some color here. Work has made my skin immune
I love ! It keeps me motivated... and lets me know how many miles I've logged on the jog stroller's tires- but we're...
Never gone to see a movie by myself.
Love starting the #ETP2012 morning with 's storytelling workshop. Always a great session.
Cool beans. Thx for the introduction. It's my first improv show in YEARS. It should be...interesting lol
how? lol everyone is the same.
Good Stuff! Running builds confidence,my belief.
thanks :). Well talk later ;)
Merry Christmas to you all. Keep warm.
interesting idea. What industries do you have in mind?
I'm not an old lady yet
whenever you tell me "settle down" or "chill out", i WILL freak out even more!
It really is though! Feels like there isn't enough hours in a day
yeah thank god! Haha
is a man among girls, and that's no lie.
This day of baseball is so ridiculous.
its hard 2 follow people if its the same people on twitter need more people 2 follow please
Hank Williams, Jeremy Lin and Ben Franklin are now tied for best all-time Americans
Midtown Green Team planted 10 new street trees Sunda thanks to super volunteers in Mount Vernon.
Another busy day! Lots accomplished yet again! feeling great. I hope you all had a wonderful day as well!!
It feels absolutely lovely outside right now. I wish I was sleeping out here tonight.
i was hiking wit my cousins my brother nd my uncle (:
Great day as 2nd cam on #Injusticeforall with
remember that i don't forget shit
yay! We are twitter stalkers again! Haha how have you been?
Drunk <U+2260> tweeting
If you or someone you know could benefit from marriage and family therapy, give us a call at 303-756-3340 to find out how!
Bottomline: it's about creating community... And, someone adds, creating rules for participation.
When people give me rides, I say thank you like 20 times cuz I appreciate them going out of their way for me.
Dierra actually is rude. lol seriously.
Holy ball
Parsing Endnote and preparing for an upcoming micro puppet show
HOSPAC met Rep. Vicki Truitt, R-Southlake, Monday with hospital execs from DFW area to discuss health care and the 2013 legislative...
And John Axford finally blew a save.
Dream big, and achieve those dreams, Manifest your dreams into reality!
Although I bear no hate for Tom Brady as a person/player, Skip Bayless is rapidly turning me against him with his bull shit. #Rodgers>Brady
OK, I will place a signature line without a name...I don't mind signing OR people can ask someone from their district? OK?
"Better to do something imperfectly than to do nothing flawlessly." Robert H. Schuller
is excited to pick up the August issue of sometime today!
Trailer is out, 2nd cut almost done on "Come Morning". Festival ready pretty soon. Yippee us. After all the pain, seeing it will be good.
Bernese Mountain Dog, the preferred breed of myself and Ms. Tex
(1/2) Girl you can crystal light sunrise which is like OJ or crystal light appletini and they have a few others..and they are zero every ...
DESSERTS CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
2 MORE MINUETS!! :D
Tip 1: Use the 9 iron
Thank you for hosting our Holiday party, you guys rock!
There is nothing that is meritorious but virtue and friendship; and indeed friendship itself is only a part of virtue. -Pope
Standby on concert deets... will get them out as soon as we close the loop on performers' confirmations!
@ THE STUDIO WIT DA GUYS..I NEED A FEMALE FOR MY FREAKY CHICK TRACK..WHERE DA LADIES WHO KNOW HOW TO TAKE CHARGE OF DA MIC???
#heat go heat
Going home(; yeee! ;) i love u <3 have a nice day
This has got to die.
that's amazing <3
#GoodThingsInTheWorld my family, hands down the best thing in my world
Thank you! RT : Most journalists DON'T like the gruesome shots.. ie I don't need to see body on I-25, & we WON'T air it...
OMG, Avengers IMAX 3D! AMAZING!
Watching this series is like watching a heavyweight fight. Crazy!!
WHat is so wrong with Whites being a minority group? yes because none of the understand statistics...
yeah, can we see the elephant trunk?
"One who causes others misfortune also teaches them wisdom"-African Proverb #AAIP #AfricanArtsInThePark Aug 11&12 Downtown Pittsburgh PA
Thank you! Much appreciated.
Heh heh. Yes, your sectional is much nicer than my two metro shelving units.
My stomach just growled. I'm almost certain it said 'Hot Dog'...
#q Q&A: What do people in MLM use to assess the business opportunity financially?
School school school...
gotta them dreadheads
very happy to have found you yesterday, we'll be back!
Eyeliner! Yes! What makes Angelus infinitely cooler than Angel? Eyeliner, leather pants, & snark. :)
welcome to the league. Congrats on the first w as a vike
I have $5 and a few bits of string. =)
I make you cry in your panties ;)
Being in 2nd place means youre the first one to lose.
I would say after long day "chillaxin"
hm, interesting. I'll try that out.
There was a time in my life I wanted to be a flight attendant..who was I kidding? I'm scared to fly half the time.
Okay, last time I swear!
I miss u big head!
Oh Ok Bro
hate you!
Ive been to ecuador..It's a nice place
make it nasty.
The guy who cooks & sells ribs in front of my dad's store is hilarious.
Lakers should let Denver win tonight. Let Artest suspension matter even less.
Gimme a follow so I can respond to yer message. Also, Hi!!! ::waves::
RT : "Reporters shout several questions at Romney on rope line & he answered none. No avail since march 16. Me: the media egos...
Get FREE TIX TO THIS SUNDAYS XTREME BASEBALL GAME at Cocoa Expo Stadium JUST GO TO to n-xbl.com and ENTER PROMO CODE: 816
Validated our service model, which comes from top down. Also, great hiring decisions.
My weekend wishes... WINS for: Bulls, Mavs, Thunder, Celtics and Pacquiao ...... Lets do this !!!!!
we are goona do it Boris.
Pretty content with staying in tonight and watching
can't wait till pittsburgh run ¡
Just a few more days and we will be moving into our new office. SO Excited.
thank you my love! :-)
Every time I see a white woman alone with cat food and/or litter I immediately think she is single.
happy birthday!
Are staring in the window or from a window?
thanks for the RT love. :-)
I haven't tried the Foursquare app yet. I loved Gowalla before that major update last year. They ruined it IMO :'(
Merry Christmas from KoreFit!
Happy Valentines Day #BleuHearts from to you!
yes, but click the link I sent. Top recruit signed by Turgeon.
theres a girl i know shes the one im dreamin of *hmm* looks into my eyes takes me to the clouds above *hm* -How Will I Know
Dear moon, every night says good night to you and you leave him hanging. Show the guy a little love!
Interviews Are Like Confessions
A GIANT Douche
My mom said we might go to California thiss summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> #HAPPY (:
That I have got to hear.
what did u end up doing yesterday when u guys left my house
Sorry I left off the "g" on a few tweets. Just check my previous tweets for more info about #Guatemala. Have a great trip!
Brooklyn Half?!?
We have our cutie patootie back tomorrow!!
“: what time does the function start?” 12pm-5pm Slide thru!
At 1am I'm pondering if kids will bug their parents to become members if only members can participate in book giveaways...
Any rain should come to an end by 7pm in Waukesha.
"I kissed myself on the shoulder and pretended it was another person," I said. "Your headlights are out," the officer repeated.
Riverdale is home to a truly bi-racial squirrel community, equal #s of black & grey squirrels. Humans, however, predominantly White, Jewish
You did enjoy the balls.
I'm in the car it's loud. I'll call u when I get home
RT A man who cares about his mother makes a wonderful husband
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
Not really :( Only a mild distraction for the stress. Hope they sort it out really soon, Jala!
yes we do!
nope. Wednesday is. But we're going to dinner tonight! You're welcome to come :)
Is this great weather payback for last year, or the calm before the storm? I'm hope spring gets here ASAP!
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, he can achieve. Napoleon Hill
Re previous (Sound Fjord): if anyone has an actual url where the call has been posted, please share!
On my way to #CaskFest with Check out for updates.
Gotta give Sean Combs props. His role in Get Him To The Greek is funny as hell. Did a damn good job.
we had 3 winners over announced on our timeline
Cutting pell grants is just another way to keep the poor; poor and uneducated
thanks for the retweet!
Aw, bummer about not sleeping! Hope you have a great time at the CC! Merry Christmas!
ha ha, I know but that one deserves it.
go on oovoo.
SO looking forward to the long weekend!! Have lots of stuff planned, and can't wait!!! You all be careful, and have a FABULOUS labor...
An excellent presentation. Showing the so called impossible as possible and more ... Stay tuned...
you tell him!!!!
don't give up as soon as this hectic week is over we can stretch together thru vc
I know you guys are busy with a due date less than a week away, #Acupuncture is a great way to relax your mind and soul
you need a valid college ID so stay in school
Out taking care of business getting ready for this cd release party on Friday March 30th @ Encore. 9pm-12am
"I'm here for a good time, not for a long time!"
Campaign fin ref is certainly one of my main concerns as well but corp lobby...
Hahaha, do I still get a dollar if you win?
And season three of dragon ball z
why players sit with a broken handwrist/arm They dont really need em Look at out there playing with that wrapped wrist
Lots of fresh snow in the rockies. Find a way to get there
I will be on WTDY's Forward with Kurt at 10:30 this morning talking about today's #EqualPayRally at noon INSIDE the Capitol
RT : If you help enough people, you won't ever have to worry about money.
Chris, your future is cold... and foamy... bubbly too... amber colored?..beats me!
Solution to sorring gas prices? Don't buy gas, for a month. Simple supply and demand.
baby, you save me <U+2665>
Rollover accident impacting 95 south transition to 15 south NOT getting better yet. Exit 95 at Valley View & take Charleston over
My turn to put a quote on the whiteboard at work, I adore this one. "Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." - Carl Sagan
im wide awoke tonight but whytho
and they start balloting like 3 weeks into the season
Still trying to get back into the swing of things. Still tired :)
Up and heading out to take some video for my vlog!
Hope everyone is enjoying the holiday and God Bless keep your hopes and dreams alive because God is a man of all miracles!!
Heading to the airport? Expect to be thoroughly molested by TSA gestapo...
BBQ Smoked Pork is 1of our tailgate faves! RT : Great day in #Seattle! Watching #UW #HuskyFootball spring practice...
Use proper grammar, speak a bit of French, understand/drop obscure references & know your wine or coffee.
is formatting book one. The So Very Clever Girls Guide to Being a Guy's Girl. Coming soon.
i could not agree more.
very cloudy in nyc. Can you see the #supermoon?
Time to get some sleep. Gotta let the muscles grow! Goodnight =)
RT : RT : Getting a "hey, how are you?" text from the that one person can make your whole day.
hey haven't gotten an email from you w/ info yet, but just to let you know I have to do it before 6pm or so. :)
I'd say something. I get bullied myself. It doesn't feel good. If I saw someone getting bullied it wouldn't be pretty.
Just tapped HUB Survival Stout.
Planning an Event? Check out our unique event space on the concourse level for events up to 150 guests! Contact us to find out how we...
is accepting nominations to be her Maid of Honor...let me know if you're interested in fulfilling the position.
confirmed separate rooms! you getting in on this?!
Thanks for sharing...
Young lady at the bar asked a non black bartender why a DC beer is called "Chocolate City." His response: it was pre-gentrification......
this one seems to be working fine, but thanks for the offer robocop
10 Yrs. I Miss You Daddy: I was crying SO hard!
So excited to sign the contract for the first book in the Mayhem series, THE MAYHEM: ROAN'S STORY!
I took that game off my phone lol , here Boutta grub I'm humgreeeeeeey
That sucks. Take care.
I think people may hater her only because she's pretty- FULL OF HER SELF
Kill the Headlights -Nicole Atkins
Funny how people always seem to be the friendliest when ya have money ..then all of a sudden their gone
Customer perception is one of the most important factors to consider when creating a marketing strategy. Advertising works with ADWORX
#TonyBennett at the #vmas standing next to #LadyGaga?? Old man must have thought she was #DeanMartin!! lmao.
I value that too, but conference fees + hotel + flight + cost of work turned down equals more than £2k.
so has a brother?
Ill text you in the morning, my phone isn't receiving texts, I love you baby <3 x
Welcome to our new follower !
“: I got my suits for Derby weekend. #firedup” renting my house for Derby guests - $10K for the weekend
I've had extremely disappointing customer service from for my event - don't recommend them for
I dont believe a thing that comes out your mouth anymore
Food was great. We will be back again
you are gonna love it. Say hello to Mark ;)
If you get this email Tax Refund Notification "Internal Revenue Service" ITS A SCAM!! IRS isnt
well the doctors said that i am going to get my results tommarow and they said their lookin good ;)
RT : First Friday of Black History Month!
is speaking to my SAA Student Chapter right now and he is his usual awesome!
'I don't need you, I don't need this, but I want it all the same.' <3
certainly. I agree that'd be a good addition. I'll put it on the list.
RT just ran for a bus to find out it was a 33, well thats my exercise for the week done then
Now I remember why I took a break from twitter.
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff When a Guy tries to play us
Workout in the morning. Sleep all day.
December 7 was Pearl Harbor day. A day we'll never forget
thanks for the #FF!
thanks- I think it'll air in Sept-I'll keep you guys posted!
Holler. RT : If only Nikki brought those cute little British kids from Ellen.
All i want is love <|3
New speed record for fastest deleted app. RT I don't care how fast or slow Mobile Opera for the iPhone is. It is just plain ugly.
I don't get it when girls put "I don't like how I look here" in their pictures. If you don't like how you look then don't upload it.
no need to keep me in check... I know my limit on things :) so fellow Brooklynite hows everything going
REMINDER Twitter 12 due in class tomorrow 04/24
you 2 should itd be cool. Is it awkward if u sit by eachother or something
hi friend!!
Time to replace the old aluminum MacBook. iMac or MacBook Pro? Decisions..
HELLO! Thanx for the follow!
OMG JUST GOT NEW PHONE AH!!!!!!
Let's go old school...song of the day: Love Walked In (artist: Thunder). The power ballad lives on!
Good Job!!! So proud of you!!
Doesn't hurt that Scott Brooks is the West's head coach...
Pandora radio is great is you want to keep listening to the same kinds of music, but what for those of us who want to hear new things?
The writers of #desperate-housewives should be ashamed of themselves
I did my hair all nice for #paulydproject tonite. So stoked, yeah buddy :) having a party for it, don't let down my hair :)
Yup, I need to focus on that stuff.
Never Get Jealous When You See Someone With Your Ex, Because Our Parents Always Taught Us To Give Our Used Toys To The Less Fortunate .
Happy hour till close. The crew is rockin the bar full force. Happy Friday and Cheers
Let's go steelers
“: Decided to open a nice California cab and finally sit down and watch Bottle Shock. #AmericaFuckYea” <um....#Jealous enjoy>
landlords are the worst thing ever.
Going to the County Animal Shelter today for volunteer training. Was on a waiting list for at least six months.
ok ladies its very important to not be lazy and wrap your hair up before going to bed
Thank you for the birthday wishes! ( and say thank you too!) ;)
Engines blocks and lighten spark plug are the tools of statement...
Thank you for the RT, Kalin! Have an awesome week ahead!
Fun Fun Fun Oh So much Fun...:)
Happy Birthday Peeps.
lol man get!
Badabing young missy!! It'll be great to have you tinkers back in Oregon :-) Is it Oregon City then?? Do tell ya rascal! :-)
Signed pub deal with Discovery!
Salmon has more #health and #beauty benefits than meat or poultry!! Eat fish and be beautiful!!! Stay healthy and live long!!!
Very tough. I did not want this going to a Game 7
Thanks for the note! (It's fun work.) Hey, did you see 's tweet just now??
Promise It Ain't .
Some man at work shook my hand and I told me that I did a great job at presenting.
that ain't my fault!
Ryan Fletcher is at my school
French braid in the front and side pony tail curled so it falls down your shoulder :)
yeah buddy!
trying to make it to thanksgiving without doing laundry
A #biztraveler was struggling with an expense report! When shown how easy it was to book & manage #travel , she said WOW!
The pause Dora the Explorer took after asking us a question lasted longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage...
aah. Yup that's me. Probably w headphones on.
just do I'm clear, boetsch came down from 205? How the okami make 185, he makes Tim look like a gnome
My nephew is inside building in Pgh where shooting occurred. He is safe on upper floor. Bldg remains on lock down.
#FF just a few actors you'll see at the RLS open house tomorrow!!!
BEST NEWS! YOU'RE COMMING TO NEW YORK. Are you planning any meet & greets or anything? I live here :) I love my rolemodel. <3
I know I should get my man card pulled but I just saw Bridesmaids and it was HILARIOUS!
Shout out to my new followerss !! copy the link
Internet doesn't work on my computer but it works on my iPad...
Making Energy Snacks to be delivered to the Health Stores. #2- Task to Mill the "Multi-Grains Mix" to a High Fiber Flour.
How is the action ???
Whack ass dreams.
&&' that's why you stopped replying ; 'cause I was right ! \(^.^) Thank You !
Well back to Jason Campbell for the #Raiders with Bruce Gradkowski now done for the season.
lol! I think that it should. Lol
Today was fun untill we came back to school haha
I don't have my charger! #phonesdead :(((
He was "Special Ed" for a reason.
Just need to cum and get rid of this morning wood...
Its hott in the sun
#MyBestFriends we gonna have a 1 or 2 week vacation during the summer.
The Deltones and North Shore are safe. I don't care about who goes home drom the other two.
I miss him.
For more information on Illumina's consumer sequencing product go to www.everygenome.com.
AYO LET ME FIND OUT THATS CHASE BEATS..
Soo over this cold weather! Where is the warm weather?!<U+2600>
RT : Not pleased with the exhibitor internet access at #astd2012. Service keeps going down then prompts me to buy a new...
no you kno why (:
cry me a river ..
i bet the mcdonalds here doesn't have a dollar menu
Got so much awesome stuff today w/ got so much good stuff :) I love Vestal!!!!
Being controlling Is such a no-no.
Spending a day at Old Hickory in Beaver Dam, getting a little sun and fresh air.
Thanks for including Gene! Nice article.
Sort of sad, but I haven't bought a set of encyclopedias in YEARS! I teach how to use them, but don't.
In 3hours my suffering will begin. #shoulda been sleep hrs ago
Mental note: Everyday should start with Madonna's Ray of Light.
*hugs* I hope things work out
Oh, you only tweet about the South Shore? You must really like living at home.
Back to business!
Oh, be careful what you wish for. would totally do that. But would save me hearing about it. Just kidding. No I'm not.
good deal. :p
Damnnbn wtf did u drink? I know u not a lightweight. “ Just waking up from my hangover”
This just in Micahel Vick to aplogize to snoopy and Charlie Brown!
Happy Valentines Day!
Would you like to sponsor a dance documentary on Italian culture? Visit www.allegrodancecompany.net for details. :)
Made out like a bandit at the Hillcrest Farmers Market! Can't wait for next weekend! Check it out every Sunday from 9-2pm...
Either way, send pictures!
Thanks for following! in the house!
everyday is a new opportunity to be your best self
it's not THAT scary being a freshman :)
haha thank you, may have to throw some elbows today..lol ;)
FaceTime....Steve jobs's greatest achievement. What great technology.
all three for sure! My friend had a Jesus statue as well...why not round it out?
Happy Mother's Day! Is there a better gift than Private Beta? Business Q+A site where you can earn $$ in your spare time! No way!
I met him 4 years ago today and he still remembers exactly what I was wearing :)
Well it was fast food for lunch today, kind of ashamed of myself, wish there was good, quality, food around my office...
I long dick her like....
lmaoo. The old ones. new youtube page "stylesjyf" check it outt.
someone tweet me:D I'm officialy online
I'm from atlanta and you?
Thanks to #ACA, so-called “gender rating” where women pay more for #HC will be prohibited starting in 2014. Solutions!
Apparently I’ve switched to a mobile carrier named “Searching…”.
Thanks for the shout out, Jay! Much appreciated. (And for the posts about him of your own, too.)
Welcome to the edge of the Canyon G Wheels, glads that you be here same we give Winds for boat, our 'father'
Q11: How can I carve out a niche market?
I see what you did there.
Bye bye space shuttle programme, how else are we going 2 fall behind every other 1st world country on this planet?
Oh well for that convo smh
On my way! Wait...would have to remember how to work computer to purchase ticket. Hold on...
no it's not.
Making a set for our show at Lowell Winter Fest tomorrow at 3pm! :)
Yes, I am so excited about being involved at the Haiti Lab! AND the new PhD lab! Basically, I am getting my PhD at FHI.
tired of school.
Imma need another drink after dis exam
Getting ready to head out to Rock House Cafe to see , , RITUALS, the New Finland Radicals, and Radio FX!
I have an inspirational quote in my bio! :D
Santa Fe Chicken Salad from Quik Trip is bomb.
thanks for checking it out! I dug your stuff too. I checked it out a while back.
hi there! I'm great how are you?!? I love you too! Xo
I met you when I was a journalism student and working at Fenway. I interviewed you once for a project. You were super helpful!
I just no me and "a" dont even talk no more .. and neither do me and "r" so im not sure
Love these mornings when I have 15 min to get 2 dogs out, make coffee, drink coffee, get dressed for work, shit, shave and brush my teeth.
Can't trust these niggas... If they want to leave let them go...
Ain't you the cutest little Beiste?!
Mastery--the urge to get better and better at something that matters; Purpose--the urge to do what we do for something bigger than ourselves
Standing online for listening to 3 girls make fun of me and just found out my SIS is in the hospital
I just been movin a lot lately my boi.
#mall time! What's up everyone?!
Coordinating a lunch event soon? Call us to help you with the menu! Our fresh fare will 'wow' your coworkers and clients! 619.255.2856
Yes, best musician on show. RT : So excited to see Ben Folds perform tonight on the season finale of The Sing Off!
Getting asked if you were contacts>
Coe Hall opens for 2012 on March 31st. So does our new exhibit, Cocktail Culture: Prohibition to 1960
Watching you in Luther. Great work.
Me too dave.
Don't lie to her
...twice a week. Very, very soft
Know what's sad and pathetic? Freeloaders such as adult children and their enablers.
enjoy the weather bro, don't miss indiana too much
Have you ever considered space travel? Would you like to someday do that?
So sorry, Megan!
... can someone please come save me? My mom and sister won't take me back home to get my car. -.-
90% of women don't like men in pink shirt... 90% of men in pink shirt don't like woman.
Here's a really cool Internet enabled arduino alternative for those who want things networked - rascalmicro.com
Have never see a cirque du soleil segment and not said holy shit at least once during
I meant fame
I hate it when Charlie dies :(
RT : Only in Pittsburgh only in Pittsburgh (drake v)
Thanks so much for your support!
a Wellesley classmate's estate good guns good hunt good show!
Thanks to Tom Rowe at for his great presentation on social media this morning!
if any leftovers just bring tonight so I can taste ;)
Nassau County Police say a teller at Roslyn Savings Bank in Woodbury conspired with a man to rob bank.
Late night working. Halleck is sleeping next to me! Not a bad way to spend the night :-)
Sweet Frog on Libbie Ave. next to the #bookshop is giving mothers a #FREE small yogurt, with purchase of another frozen yogurt today!
is it me or does madden12 really love saying your name during gameplay
You cant be late until you show up.
we will take one...PayPal? Email us mojobreakatgmail
I surprised my mom and came home yesterday RT : I had no idea that my VCYCEC sister was here at Penn Ave
whats good homie why u aint add me as your friend man
Watching The Lost Boys on G4. Hecks yeah!
MY TIME COMES FIRST
Nice. RT : A corny grammar joke:
Practice - Allen Iverson.
Just got home, tired as a mofo
yes, ....yet has man created God because we believe we are unable to live by virtue alone, without a greater power?
Thank you Nancy!
RT : Our newest trendsetter, , shows the love and shares with us the tech products she can't live without:...
where u been all my life? where were you an hour ago?
Hey I would LOVE to win signed copy of One Direction Dare To Dream #iwantthe1Dbook :)
dont fret!! well be there tomorrow
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway. ~Emory Austin
UH falls in OT to UTEP 67-62. Simmons (Smiley HS) finished with 10 pts, 5 assists and Young (Yates) finished with 10 points and 7 boards.
ah the good life. RT sweet dreams! “: Heading to bed with my may issue of to dream of pretty spaces”
Great social networking presentation last night by . Next NKBA meeting will be in our showroom!
Could use a site like Wallwisher to keep up with questions. Embed on class website. Refer often.
kool, I&#39;m getting my sophomore year scheduleing on march 28
When there is a smile on your face,the world seems like a kinder place :)
Terrific site documenting #photos of yesteryear
Ready for this fourth quarter to start off.
Who loves the weekend? This guy! #heatison Anyone down at #Ultra? You gotta love
well , my life sucks , its now official .
heading to SECs duh
only 33hrs more until that flight to the vi
Happy Groundhog Day!
if the buzzer shot went in after bouncing on the floor does it count
Now feeling the "what's my name again?" effects of two back-to-back 15-hour work days.
Turns out my celebration tonight will involve a tow truck and a car that won't turn on. Excellent, exactly what I was hoping for.
This weekend is gonna hurt! BAD!
God Is Good
No strike out Alex
aww Avatar is on FX rn. this was my mom's first 3D movie.
Lost in the shuffle is the great block by Whithey
you wont! i crowd surfed 7 times and managed to find my brother 6/7 times when i went back.
...in this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world. John 16:33
The app for the iPad is nicer than the iPhone app, expanded post formatting is still needed.
The awkward moment when the theme of the short story you read for english is an exact lyric o_O
we are open now till 10pm tonight (maybe even later) ... PASSOVER SHOPPING IS HAPPENING NOW !!!
Yes! exactly! emotional, intuition given free rein. Ebell backs this with his canard, "people who DIG have less confirmation bias".
test scores r the product, students are the means of production.
I get it.
“: YES. Very. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> haha” you need to calm down and think about what you just did! LOL
I remember watching "The Last Waltz" with my dad when I was a kid. A life changer. #RIPlevon Hope you and Danko are jamming tonight.
My pleasure! Glad you had fun!! :)
is right, check it out!
#arthrites is #acting up.
hopefully that is not some euphemism to masturbating simon
RT : LoL. Um...gam...game...her...hero! I think we've got it now. You're a hero him!
If you hate laughing you should see New Year's Eve.
Today is just a lazy day ... Well all week has been .
you know how I gotta have my own
are you serious. Wow the guys are sexy as hell
yes good tip lol
Check out "Listener Complaint" audio. (Drunk guy goes off!) www.freekshowradio.com
When me and my mom fight over whose hair is softer>>>>
Play some make it wit chu by queens of the stone age. It's for my friend, he's lonely. And he's white.
Nice!!! what time?
-thanks for the retweet
“Everything happens for a reason. Every action has a reaction. Always remember that whats meant to be will always find a way to come about.”
i love youu(: and i cant wait for believe to come out! You worked so hard<3 can u please follow me?<3 .
Last weekend before Christmas! Is everyone done with their shopping?
Definitely! RT : A3) #GreenTips: Ample windows for natural light, add “auto” features (ex. lights, bath fans).
it was bro
Health professionals wanting to volunteer for #Joplin tornado relief, register at www.shomerelief.org.
that is so cute and i don't wanna burst your bubble but you used the wrong there.
RT : RT : Still on AIR, BRINGING YOU THE ABSOLUTE best in Gospel Music www.FreeDemRadio.com
Ofcoarse only for the people who barely tweet...
Still not sure what to get your Mom for mother's day??? How about a Roots Giftcard! Call now & ask about our giftcard bonus!
I'm in jeans and a hoodie today.
I am seriously addicted to
Loving it! has a 'summer hits of the 90s' station. Listening to K-Ci & JoJo
Why we even tried I haven't a clue, with hearts involved there's way too much to lose -
come to morristown
It's so hard to focus at work when the red sox are kickin the yankees ass (:
when you dont like a girl everything they say or do is offensive..."dang you see that tweet! joke wasnt even funny shes cocky!!"
RT : A #Taurus does not underestimate anyone. Because #Taurus treats everyone with equality.
Game of Thrones is now in iTunes—so I assume all those people who downloaded it illegally because said it was OK will go legit now.
yep, wet w giardiniera or sweets, but sausage option has to wait till next week. On sciortino's Italian loafs.
Jason is gtting better at having swag. He stands perfectly now with the hand thing like a gun pointing at the camera. Good job whittled bud
A fitness "expert" that doesn't use the ROM and is trying to critique it should always add "I have never used the ROM".
Adventure time is RAW
when is hitchcock of hip hop suppose to drom bro??
The world of abortion was changed when women sought out illegal abortions and DIED
- How did you do that?
of the nonstop cry fest?? Me too! I just know that when they show all of the bodies that I'm going to lose it
Damn i feel like shooting some craps >_<
I Heart You Cigars!!!!!
You make me smile :)
The back-and-forth between and over health care costs is why Twitter wins journalism.
new computer at work! new computer at work! new computer at work! so fast!
Harrison Center for the Arts: Downtown Dance party 1505 N. Delaware St. => Dance Party 6p.m. - 7p.m.
great now we will have to deal with the paparazzi!
#143143 Q-What is a better bromance? Minny or Nickey (Nick n Mikey)
nah, ALWAYS use condoms!
7-0 baby! Way to be boys! Tough win!
well welcome to the Twittersphere amiga! How you liking it so far? Let me know if you need any tips! *cough new avatar cough*
does anyone know what Judi, from the Bad Girls Club, twitter?
So I am going?
Do Madison speak Italian or Spanish
oh... Idk I was being sarcastic as if you'd been under a rock for the last week ;d
My birthday is March 3rd, so what are you all buying me?
u r so right and I am not he don't know how I really feel and he is still my friend on facebook
happy birthday :)
feel god :)
Oh, and meeting and hearing at Winter Jazz Fest 2012. Mind-blowing!
New polish and a new dress, just because. Thanks, mom.
Have a Firehook Bakery Croissant for breakfast!! It's an all butter crescent shaped croissant made from scratch-delicious!
aw /: wow okay
Submitting my info for the local examiner.. :) Very exciting to be writing for them..on educational technology integration!
Moment of silence was an all-day event at home. Didn't speak a word. Not a single phone call, email, text or post until now.
Q2) A willingness to let us do our jobs. From what I have seen of my new team/org I'd say that is well on it's way.
THOSE WERE THE DAYS in seminar with orange face
is working on labor history websites from a cafe in Fremont.
Oh dang… to ebay I go. Why didn't I know about these when I was 12?
Originality lies in the origins of whence it came. Chás This...
i wanna shoot you video homie. what's your booking email?
Wow, The Fray sucking at this National Anthem
thank you for the invitation! It was great seeing you too. it was a pleasure meeting you.
#10thingsIFindAttractive 4. Blue or green eyes
Oh shit. Zak's drinking? That says something. OHFUUUUCK.
Today i saw a truck that i thought it said "AUSTIN MAHONE" but really it said "AUSTIN HOME" lol
Thanx! Good luck to you, too!
The cops have visited everyone on my street except for me. Its only a matter of time I guess
how's ur day been
I'm like 100 years late in twitter time, but I actually heard Eddie Ate Dynamite from my 78 year old student.
lol ur already mad at that kid?
so you're saying we should be single and have our "fun" pretty much?
These were all separate occasions, mind you. Now if only my mind would stop racing and I could sleep.
yeah you know what...that's not an excuse to straight ignore someone because "you know the process"
I don't know what this worlds gonna do but I know one thing that this is the life for me
Interesting question. RT Anyone ever wonder if MLK or Malcolm X were still alive today would they support #MarriageEquality?
I have been itching for something....band-aidy.
Definitely! checked it out this past friday. Will send you any stories if they get published and/or produced : )
Rotation is now updated, check the "Request" box for ur song. If U didn't make it, send more songs 4 me to choose.
well that is really dumb
I call shenanigans! RT : they would have stacy francis last
: Berny and I have developed: Knife possessed by grade school teacher who's possessed by serial killer. Title: Circle of Knife.
"This is when you're about to die..."... "ABOUT TO HIT THE SACK!" -
I'm not funny. I'm just really mean and people think I'm joking.
First amateur boxing session tonight
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Critical Banana
Thanks for the shout!
Off to have some wine and oysters with James, Ashley and the rest of the Country Roads Magazine gang.
but in order for this non-industrial, cushion-supplied, book-filled heaven to be complete happiness, there MUST be coffee ;)
Awesome training today Civic Leadership Conference. Gained a whole lot of knowledge and wisdom. Kudos to CY training-OLI/MB.
My orange gingham one from them is my favorite & gets so much use. Moreso in back pocket of jeans than anything.
Ready for another beautiful day in #LA !
Josh berates #strippers and gets stoned before Thanksgiving on the latest episode of Don't Be Afraid of the Dark.
Did I say stop??? I don't remember saying stop? I coulda said stop???? But I didn't say it....Did I.....????
Looking forward to seeing you on June 27 xx
For some reason #MARC 544 stopped at BWI.
Go to sleep! Then fucking give me 200 dollars!
This is a nightmare.
I have the best big sister ever!!! I love her so much!!
So apparently the whole "beiber gets stabbed" rumor is false....
There's nothing like a friendly-family-friend dinner
What are your plans for the weekend?
no doubt... Sarah Kaufman had fear splattered all over her face.
yes, yes, yes! Thanks for sharing, Margaret! I Alec Baldwin & Woody Allen in the same movie…too good!
Today is a day. And it will go. And then it will be over.
I know. God bless Twitter. The sheer multi-dimensional, multi-lingual mashed-up-ness of 's tweet blew my mind.
I've got it, plus the seafarers, knights, and 5-6 expansions...
Awesome! We all win then!
Do you listen to music when you scoot? What's on your playlist?
Outdoor dining in mid-February
Thanks! It's on Amazon right now and will be on iTunes soon! I'm super excited!!!
latest single , listen at www.reverbnation.com/roberttorme
even Sam Adams is over rated!
woah that's far! Do you have creeks where you live?
What say you ? RT : Any foodie recommendations for Dallas?
Me too!
Seems like forever since we killed anybody. True, that suicide during our SWAT stand off the other day sort of counts. But still!
If Collins is done as a player, I would love to see him stick around the organization. Played the game the right way.
Sanaz is falling asleep!
Engineering is an activity other than purely manual and physical work which brings about the utilization of the materials and la
Omg I wanna get my 3rd hole pierced !
If it goes well, I might just have to move to Omaha
But not for competing in life. You're a winner.
Bob Segar's "Night Moves" conjures up so many memories, all of them good.
" maybe I'll love yu one day, maybe we'll smeday grow....... "
RT : Justice Scalia to keynote conference on Judicial Takings: Property Rights and the Rule of Law Oct. 18 #SCOTUS #kentl ...
At the hospital visitin my godmother seein how she doin
Begging for followers when you only follow back 300 people isn't cool.
I have a hunger only food can cure.
So how did the tasting go?
big blue bus despair
How about the guy who, when he gets to a green light, he starts slowing down . . . just in case. True story.
It's going to be a gorgeous night at the ballyard. Perfect weather. Pumped.
Which of you is the SOA fan
Like this tweet :) RT : Sometimes things happen to clarify who is really important in your life.
Remember, email can often be introducted in court. Be careful of what you write. :)
WE GOT FOAM - sign in the window at House of Foam
It's the coding You have to properly code your feed to take the image & specify image specs that #FB wants. If not it won't pull
This is my last week and my friends and I are trying to come up with an idea to fuck some shit up.
The US economy is the dominant factor driving NM right now, & state seems to be improving along with the nation - Roberto Coronado
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope. Winston Churchill
cannot wait for the faculty development seminar in SL. Thanks for hosting. See you tomorrow *smiles*
Stop by Whole Foods in Devon for Revolution Cider tasting day! Jonathan will be here 1-4p
Going to baseball games Saturday at 9. Then , I'm going to Ashlyn's and we are going to go to the zoo , the movies , and dinner . (:
Yeah, you can say that again. RT That was one shitty period by Philly.
1 in 5,000 north Atlantic lobsters are born bright blue.
Please join today's #TrainChat at 10 am PT with guest Bill Cushard about the skills #learning pros need now.
Four followers and counting.
Why is the upper west side romantic always??
Keith Haring always reminds me of when I lived in NYC in the late '80s. Seemed his art was everywhere.
Are you kidding? You are one, girl! :)
Planning a trip to India this may
Happy cinco de mayo everyday have a awesome day!
#ConfessionTime I do have hoes. Alot of em. But I don't plan on cuffing none, because this one guy has my heart, But his girlfriend has hes.
I've impressed future in laws, enjoyed date nights, new years eve, girls night and bday riding with
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations. - S.Rippetoe
Happy Birthday W.E.B. DuBois! VSU Archives has his autobiography and the 100th Anniversary NAACP commemorative book available to read!
still stop losing weight!!!!!
I didn't think I cared much, but Jennifer Hudson just made me sit down and watch.
New cars a gem.
Reached a milestone today, first day wearing shorts in Portland.
that's terrible.!
: Why aren't you responding to my messages? TCFS?
Lifetime >>> MTV
Stop. Just say what you really want. Out loud, not to yourself.
Jewelry Site Plukka Turns Group Buying On Its Head
A great weekend of #Auditions in #NewYorkCity comes to a close. #ByeNYC See you again next week!
not to be *that* person, but i'll check my sched and let you know!
Cold weather food picks today-Ramen ,mac & cheese ,Sarah's revenge Union cafe,chicken prosciutto
Grind Mode
no the Bruins are gonna lose, and I'm gonna cry, and no more hockey for me, and why!!!
Sounds like a great idea!
Our 2012 Holocaust Remembrance Week theme is "Children & the Holocaust." To learn more abt children in conflict, follow
Earthquake in NW?
Its sad how one day someone can make you feel special and then the next your nothing c:
Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable. ~Donna Karan
Bout to take the
Just finished running lights for one of the best set lists ever at with and
These twitter nuccas so fake. How you gone send me messages about buying yo beats when i make a living off of doing the same thing.
it's in Chpt 4...gonna update soon.
depending on the school it's either a bartender or a DJ
u coming down? Do it join the crew!
I got a big 'ol butt... Oh yeah!
Mistery is just misery with a T.
for 's wedding!!! #fabulous!
Just made a lame attempt at editing a reel for myself. Very rough draft. Will post when it's done rendering!
Tell that moth fucka i said glad he's okay. Tell him the exact words lol.
Mark your calendar: Sun. 12/6 and Sat. 12/12 are two local holiday happenings where you can buy my offbeat artwork. Info at: Arty4ever.com
hey. Its beautiful. Nice kool breeze. I got my window open now. (Lettn the smoke out)
n yea we will see lol
"Laughter is God's hand on a troubled world." ~ Big Momma 2
Who can I trust in 2012
It's up to you to fact check your book, and everything you #publish. Errors can seriously erode your reputation.
So proud of Holly tonight!! Abby needs to be put in her place!!
LOL. Someone tried to break into my house at 2:30am. Scary!
Excellent! 10am US eastern - words will roll!
too funny
let me be as fun as you :)
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Forever Means Deruler (forever means forever)
thanks brutha! You got one soon also right?
And its like so dead....with like fifteen kids in here
Remember the days when we thought the AICN Talkback was the worst the Internet had to offer? Christ were we naive.
Johnny Depp is my favorite actor & I don't care what anybody thinks about it.
Dude don't be a douche, that girl obviously cares about you, your just too stupid to realize something that's right in front of you
can I still get in to the grind session in NYC next week?
"how do u feel about michael jackson?" "Michael jackson? ..he was BAD'' -chris
aka scary tactics is what i really learned lol
there's alot of other square cafes in the twitterverse! Glad you found the real deal!
Gotta love the email I just got from "I'm Obama's worst nightmare".
Welcome new pals to #FF Happy #Friday!
RT - Why won't Jake Delhomme sign with Miami? Because the Dolphins are awful, or does he not like Matt Moore anymore?
Every tweet I've ever written contains a clue to the location of a secret treasure - which contains a copy of every tweet I've ever written.
Thanks for the shout out--glad you like our work!
did Delonte West tell LeBron to wish his mom a happy mothers day for him?
A good lawyer knows the law--a great lawyer knows the judge.
Class is going on way to slow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Elvis was pretty outstanding in King Creole and Jailhouse Rock. Highly underrated for his acting. Now we have Timberlake/Bieber. Ugh.
Ha! Good point. Good luck and enjoy!
yeah they did!
It's a biggie kinda day
I never had Starbucks either why is it so important ?
hahaha it's alright i understand(:
All this fresh air sucks! Two shots, a gin n tonic and an absinth and I'm sober!!
For example, a compliment: Numbers 2, 3, and 4 are always , , and I hope it's true.
no worries
Good morning, Laura. I remember you frequently appearing on WTTW's Chicago Tonight when I interned there early 2011.
A very nice two days are on the way with sunshine and seasonable temperatures for this time of year.
Wish I'd made progress on my "learn to curl my hair" resolution before December 31. Ergh.
Dude I can't breath! xD
Should get a luxury sedan, man
Feel Good Af Out
Tonight won't soon be forgotten
sure did...thanks!
I myself will be drinking a beer. Will that work?
admit it... you drive around town with a fat stogie in your mouth...just because you are SP!
Haha. I'll give some lessons on the course
I had the best dinner on Leap Day all because of your suggestion. Happy Day!
I always try to return favors! It just makes me happy :-)
i think they're stupid for judging you. People are bitches these days.
Great #SEMSanDiego meet up last night. Chatted about email marketing and I won Scott Stratten's book, can't beat that!
19% of the #HumphreyBogart estate was unnecessarily lost due to death taxes & settlement costs. #EstatePlanning helps preserve your estate!
About to tape a podcast with the legend Me thinks this Mariano Rivera news may have to find its way into the show.
Well, it finally happened. I finished every Felicity season. Now I can have my life back
Congratulations to our newest addition of the team. Shout out to Silas Drayden for impressing us and helping our future.
At least I'm not dumb enough to dye my hair black....
wish pakistan govt., would stop buying weapons and get these for many people who need them there..
great job on military job today guys!
no friends lol
Just saw "Ragtime". Absolutely fantastic show. See it if you can.
all the goons will be at you
new york!!
We're praying too! “: Lord, Please get rid of #Baltimore deserves better, shout out to .. Thanks! Amen”
Working on plan for next 6 months business strategies. Looking to grow the lighting 50% and looking to do 25k with service business,
take a drink when you hear "it depends"
“: I had a great time! Thanks!” Thank you!!
Chocolate pie with chocolate and caramel filling and whipped cream. I am also thankful for my future diabetes.
When was this said? Do you have a recording?
RT - I love laying in bed and watching NFL football!! But I'd rather be drenched on paint sweat tears and rain in the ...
Pretty dumb to wear a tank top and shorts..outside..at night
Hi there! Thanks for your RT :)
ice cream is pretty much the greatest.
Just discovered that my right leg is 9mm shorter than my left.
That's absolutely crazy! BRA has so many teams with enough points regardless of event
Just got home from hanging out with schaller and p-diddy!
“: & just bcuz u wear some European designer name brand shit dont make u fly. U can still look lame in Gucci, LV, Versace or YSL”
If you're unsure about your feelings, don't mess with someone else's.
I am becoming obessed with your site. If only I had more vacation time. You guys are doing an awesome job !
Hosting my 3rd Annual Ornament Exchange Party 2night. Been super busy getting ready.Has 2 be perfect! Why do I do this to myself every year?
Top Dog Names: Max, Buddy, Jake, Rocky, Bailery, Buster, Molly, Maggie, Daisy, Lucy and Sadie
Aww, Happy Birthday!
im sleepy .
I try to see good in everyone. Be blind to d faults of others. It brings peace in ur life,things don't change,So change d way u look at them
Bout to do a suicide mission
Whoa! broke down and added a profile pic
I hope this pain goes away so I can actually enjoy myself tonight.
oh yes!!!!! I miss it so much. I miss you and I want to go running together and have dranks!
From Acord .. It's on their regular binder, but hand written. I bet auditors wouldn't approve.
RT : Good morning! Happy St. Patrick's Day!! <U+2663>
Playing with delayed shutter and the splashing rain on my balcony. Making hte best of a gloomy day!
I feel like seeing skrillex live would be such a waste of money.
He is cleaning house in the DOJ and I hope he will keep up his oversight. Mimi Sanford has been my point of contact."
Your the real Bailey?
This week's Friday Faculty Fest is "Assessment Strategies" with Carol Scheidenhelm and Shannon Milligan of Loyola. Plan on it!
You are totally right. I have the same rule with Dee,buy it when you see it, saves lots of headaches.
Select shorts starting at $25! You'll need them this week when it hits 70 degrees :)
so jealous! I want to be in Vegas too!
Avengers is officially one of the best big-budget movies I've seen. Ever.
ONE WEEK!
So I really really really want you to follow me...
The commute home is #TwitterTime. When the Metro is above ground, that is.
thanks for following handsome
Let's figure out possible times.
Oi Pastor Alex, meu amigo. The best way to contact me is to just message me on Facebook. My email is in Facebook info also.
hey need a challenge? ;) play words with friends with me: meghan_mccarty_
#ThingsWhitePeopleInvented #EveryBlackNeighborhood now has some crappy drugs but great dealers.
VLC no longer available!?! for IOS Devices! RATS!!
I think #Melo is going for 30 tonight...call me crazy, but I think it'll happen
Me having to go with you to get ice cream.
Went for a 45min walk during lunch and am not eating my 4points meal... I am having such a health day! :)
Are you ready for our Midnight opening?
Patronizing one of our wonderful sponsors, Hey... Did you get your tickets yet?
#IbizaSaturdays 21+ FREE ALL NIGHT! YOU ALSO RECEIVE FREE CUTLINE (on left of the club) w/ RSVP Text ClimaticNationDMV to 74455
Woahhh. Just realized how close Halloween is. What do you think each of us should be?
Yes, Tim Dillard will be better.
Been following since the trailer. That house is where it's AT man. No better place to make social media history than here in cali
life is beautiful when life is music...
I'm probably the only woman in the world who has more bobbleheads than shoes. Which is moderately disturbing because I have a ton of shoes.
too DRY for spring in NY! we need some rain!
great to know you enjoyed it!!! Autumn menu with lots of new dishes starts tomorrow!!
For Thomas and Minho!
it dnt make since if it dnt make that money
“: Coffee and Investigation Discovery :) what a perfect Sunday morning!” solid!
So that's what you and Bianca were talking about...?
Today on the World Grooves show, actor Martin William Harris plays Polish pop music from #AyaRL, #LadyPank, #Kombi, #Bajm, #Piersi,
i hope u remember me i saw u in the boynton mall u said u were gonna make some vids with my brother and taught him how to get ads
lol I admit he's not lookin fly these days, but the album is pretty good. "Love is a Verb" is my cut!!
I heard about that one. I know there's one on Dick Rd. do u know of any other ones?
Ok I'm @ work sneezing, coughing throat hurt & stuffy nose, lord I can't b getting sick
Trying to slap an over-the-counter psychological analysis - "... OCD? Anal?" I guess there's a new Oprah in town.
Watching the reunion show! Tami you are THE BUSINESS!!! Love your spirit, continue to keep it real!
Google May Acquire Groupon for $6 Billion, and It Would Be Worth Every Penny
i bet every AP Spanish test taker at Mater is mad right now.
2012, election year. Know the difference between fundamentals & election poker. Expect 1.28 to 1.24 in euro but watch euro intervention,1.35
Hi Jesse. Can you say "Hi" to me? Since it's my birthday, thanks.
OPEN DOORS Opening Reception was AMAZING - I HEART
LOL. It's SO true!
are you drunk
You quit it or it quits you
its not about what u want tho...its about what you need.
One highlight from tonight, Mori taking a lyrical solo while Greg used his hands to play melodically on the drums.
No one has claimed the Laptop Monster yet! 1st person to with proof of their ticket purchase gets him. He's cute and soft.
on streakers on field: "I'm sick and tired of these guys on the field. Let's get a K-9. It's pathetic- so annoying."
- sweet! Beijing trip!
Writing is like being a word hoarder w dirty hair. Make three piles. Keep. Donate. Throw away. Then rinse and repeat.
Hope not... but if you do yer gonna need to stay away from processed foods, HFCH, & drink water & eat salads!
Ssht Mann In The Hood Whaa That South Side Lookn Like
I KNOW THAT CRAZY!!! LMAO.
Many thanks for following back, my friend! I envy you your spanker status. I don't have that privilege in my home. Just the opposite!
A relationship w/out commitment = failure. Selfishness 2 keep the prize but u aren't doing the right thing. Stop the games & play ur part.
It's snowing
It's a beautiful day--perfect for staying indoors and over eating. Wings and pizza(s) for this guy!
it should be a good night fingers crossed its been some time. I'm still feeling the effect of last sat :)
lolz... i kinda like there accent... i be tryna talk like that... lool
GOP Rep. Joshi, a legal immigrant, says he can't support
I have the iPad, it's the best invention ever. I'm looking for something to replace my Macbook pro though. :(
i ALWAAAYSS thought this! like wtf. he reads my mind. RT I think it's strange how freely people describe themselves as "anal".
happy birthday
It may be Black Friday, but your vehicle's engine oil shouldn't be black. For the best bargains, come by Express Lube.
Wishing you all a very Happy Festivus!
Presidential primary has long coincided with non-partisan elections. Prior to now, it was the same day as Feb. local primary.
Panthers... I'm on the Florida Bandwagon Baby!!!! :P :P
oh you girls crack me up “: OMG LMAOOOOO RT : don't make me scramble you!”
no need to be lonely all you have to do is call. LOL
And it is delicious. From the truck.
Eh, fair low ball offer in my eyes. U should go old school and call him on phone, prolly work something out...
Let's have an amazing day!
They're alot of fake ass people out there, especially in Elkins, West Virginia. I smell bacon up in this motherfucker.
Enjoying some jazz at the estate
I've never been so busy since I retired.
Studying & Homework..
that last tweet was 4 u
A gaggle of giggling girls just piled onto the bus
No problem! Busy week getting ready for #WebCamp2012! Looking forward to your tweets.
#midastouch RT : Let's go badgers
yes I have seen! They are 3 :) brother and sister zoey and zorro
Ah I see...Big Smoke! Sounds like a beer or three will be had there...
I think it's because you were in some <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0> and then fell down from being drunk! j/k Love Ya! Hope u feel better.
. Absolutely. 1 thing is clear: parents are ready and willing to do their part. Good luck out there!
Love a cup of coffee this time of day...so relaxing...
we saw the 1st snow in Estes Park, Co. for this year 22 inches of beautiful white flakes. Don't see much of it where we are in Texas.
Lol, maybe I should've watched baseball instead of my Laker's!!!! Grhhh!!!!!!
What's good tweeters?
no, the next step is using taxpayer money for improvements.
Today I'm trying to be more like I've bedazzled everything in my apartment. It's like Studio 54 with a walk-in closet.
Can't help thinking about #Swamplandia! as a Floridian "Lolita" from the other point of view.
Did you let hijack your phone again?
Hoops. Mix up tent. Splendour. Now. Best!
Lol dammnnn did you even pinch the bitch! Lol
my doggy is laying next to me! she never does that :)
Time for school...great.
How are you celebrating the first day of Spring?
Finally got music on my iPod.
AWESOME show today! You all kicked ass!
Are you ready for sexy mexy?
Wake up 1245 m'f'in afternoon
That is a lot of flights for the 1st QTR! Do you fly out of MSN, MKE or ORD the most? Ever consider letting us drive you?
I am borrowing TWO (count them) library ebooks with my kindle.
New favorite TV show hands down... #ThePitch on AMC. Great inside look at the creative process of some top ad agencies and products.
Whenever I tell people I do machine learning they always ask if I'm building Skynet. The only correct answer is "Yes. Yes I am (Evil Laugh)"
RT : Good Evening #WiUnion #WiRecall It is a beautiful day in Madison, made better by the result of last nights elections.
it involves a list and a map. You know you can't say no.
Trying to upload new pics....sorta taking forever
We all need to make an effort to get better at draw something guys. Come on. We're not kids anymore.
Come out to Thursday nite for a good time with karaoke and spoken word. Starts at 8pm. And they have hookah! Come join us.
#Mitt #Romney apologizes for pranks in high school? What's next? Did he soil his diapers too? This is politics of the absurd meaning nothing
I'm not an alcoholic, they go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties.
#Raw is supposed to be over right now. I'm not complaining though
I used to come out pretty early on when I met new people, I guess just get that it out of the way. Now it's more fun to keep them guessing.
A big bag of shit lmao
fair enough
Snowing in Georgia in April. Very odd.
If you think money can't buy happiness, then you're not spending it right!
it's like happy new year for jazz lol
#energized for spring.
Let me express how happy I am to be relying on Non-axial units to complete a plot
I will put my blunt out on your face to keep my ash tray clean. Standing ovation... Welcome to the top 10.
Man #Bartab is just killing it! First this bomb #Bartab Bowl where you can win a party just by drinking! Then #Colorado Native promo!
Rabbit, Rabbit!
That's great! RT : Marianne at in the village at sandhills was AMAZING! I'm totally relaxed!!
my stomach bubbling cuz i ate damn near a whole pot of greens
Let's see if it's true. MT Did you tell them that I give out a free beer for each MT?
Feelin like i should maybe go to school... Nah
BAHAHA. So it's really a whale... made of fudge. Still want to know WHY i'm getting these emails...
a trade "up" would be to get rid of him
Make a change, drink Pu-er Tea: Pu-er tea can help reduce high blood pressure, cholesterol levels, that helps prevent heart disease & cancer
Santa's a pretty cool coworker. He's more of a surfer than a swimmer though ;) Glad you're enjoying the Shuffle!
OSA's OA titles online only, flexibility in production, lower costs. Author pays. Peer reviewed but not copyedited
You shoulda stuck with Essential Pépin. I just made the shrimp cakes I saw him make on his show on Sat. Easy, perfect, beautiful.
My pleasure. Hope your week is going well. Feels like Friday to me today. No idea why, but I'm enjoying it.
what about color?
Maceo! Mercy Mercy! James Cotton! Cotton in my ears! Ronnie Wood-seriously?! For a great cause=mo better blues! #KTRocks&Rolls
i guess all these girls gonna have to put their lil mini skirts to rest it's not summer yet!
RT If you want to leave footprints in the sands of time, don't drag your feet. -Annot. L. Sheppard in Women's World
Let's get it on or you won't take off.
I know =[ Thank you! Enjoy your weekend!!
#SheWantsTheDick if she tell u she don't do it on the first night
all im trying too do is the bombay gin dance #turnup?
RT for a shout out
Have respect for each other & a sense of #community; that builds #relationship. #vision #leadership SeanLetwat
Watching now! Yay!
OH: Mrs. Hudson leave Baker Street? England would fall!
Lets break the surface and make a little
2 days later, and it's intensifying. People I haven't talked to in yrs. are giving me crap about Tebow.
The Dallas Cowboys name Jason Garret head coach. This is a good hire for the team. Who will makes the decisions on the coaching staff?
Twitter its been awhile but WERE still hangin in there (underground) performing any & everywhere we can!
Shit, we missed it. What's up?
Honestly don't know what I would do without my friends and family <3
Very nice! :)
Wisco first state to get 2 teams in the sweet 16 this year... Cheering for both and don't care!
apologies for a pretty bad drawing lol, how do you get it to draw so thin?
Your profile pic is KILLER! You look like old Hollywood Glamour with the sass of the new Millenium! #workit! #beautifulallover!
precisely we used to buy my g'ma "padre vision" cable package as bday gift!
You're welcome. Glad you like it!
You're welcome! We're looking forward to the #ElderCareChat today at 1pm ET.
I miss South Beach
I've never seen it, and feel morally superior because of such. And, yes, that GTD training included biting sarcasm.
RT : "My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government."-Thomas Jefferson
It didn't "sound" like that at all. "Librarian" also confuses rhetorical caution aimed at audience with presenter's knowledge.
where's needed to see her!
Does love always have to be a game? Ugh
Good to be here! Thanks!
Nerves are kickin in! this weekends gonna be tough!
It should be back now
- Nice story on Lauber, Scoop. You should research some real news: Larry Sinclair, SSN#, Birth Certificate, nobama on drugs.
I love you & hate you the same.. & maybe that's the way it will stay.
So annoyed. I don't like this class, or this school. Or the people in this school.
Tonight I'll stay up late reading & & while I'm + it I'll write music 4rm the light of my life inside my <U+2665>
Try your presentation software (powerpoint equiv) - That is what I use for that.
Being left out feels just great.
Love the look! Keep doing you.
Jesse & Anthony...both smokin'!
Chichi slept beside me all night
when I see you I light up and my face get's red
Latest releases of Validation::Class just keep getting better, ... tis aging like fine wine.
Missed that. Thanks. Had already been thinking about next show being on women in tech...
bed.. hope to get good sleep :)
Yay! nice logo
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw it's the mark of a superior mind to be able to disagree without being disagreeable.
Assuming a context and "use case" often assumes and shows the assumer's privilege. cc
RT if your watching the fight(:
We <3 Woodshop! RT : I am really wanting to go to
isn't that how it works, your in my city when I'm in yours! :/ fail so hard!
Welcome to the Trojan Family!
i like to keep it open!
GOODNIGHT DARLING.
I don't understand why my mom would threaten 2 take away my phone just because I'm not a genius when it comes to using a stove -________-
ya never know homie
That feeling that you need to sneeze but cant.
Made livebinder for students to use, grt blended learning opp. Found a way to solve completion issues? Tchr:student dialogue valueable
we can find a good place to hide you so you can enjoy our company and our food
has cat custody for the next two weeks! Whoot!
Um 49ers too?! Home opener hello!!!
showing courtesy as an employer can also be a key factor in earning yourself a more competitive pool of candidates
HE WOULD WALK 500 MILES TO BE THE MAN
I float high, don't try to cut my water wings
lol mine too.
Kaminsky with the three to put UW up by 10.
There is also a lever on the steering wheel so I can just turn on my own.
Check out 3/11 as she talks candidly about her mom journey.
lol they do have there flaws
“Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family. Whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one.” – Jane Howard
Feeling a little better. Only after having a 2 day migraine with terrible nausea >.<
We were really close. We reached 10,000 subscribers yesterday! The coupon should come soon.
DIABLO I TONIGHT BABY!!!
who writing stuff about me
Schools forever trying to make math fun. We all grow up to count calories, twitter followers, play with physics, etc. Make math personal.
My workshop tomorrow ends at noon. After that I'm free.
let me know if you find one
Testing out Hootsuite!
- Please DM me to set up an interview with Charlie Gasparino. TX
Really looking forward to dinner @ La Trattoria in Greenwood tonight. Small, quaint atmosphere. Excellent Italian food. Best steaks in Indy!
Sunny day which means a trip to the Woodland Park Zoo.
ya that would work as well. I can't b gone all night tho. My moms family Is celebrating Christmas
lol we will be there at noon! Hope we cross paths!
BF I NEED 2 GET AWAY
note how the press releases says REDUCES issues with rolling shutter, et al. NOT SOLVES. AF100 isn't shitting its pants, yet
Missing my dad today, he was a great dad and a darling grandpa, and just super awesome in general!
Yuni boots that for a hit.
BACON ON ANY HAMBURGER >>>>>>>>
Lol nothing we just saw each other at a park and that was it
Doctor's scare me... Unless they're Dr. Logan Mitchell. (; Heheheh.
lmfao!..OH WELL...but i doubt that she will cuz im blocked from her shit...changed number n whole!...LMFAO!
RT We have enough youth. Why hasn’t someone invented a fountain of SMART?
Monday went well! Client meeting, 2 billion e-mails, 1 million phone calls, a dance party, a kegger, oh wait... well some of that was true!
how about the ASHA bookstore inside the vendor hall? I don't know any other landmark I can describe
Check and Balance. Check your income vs your expenses. Do you have positive or negative income? Adjust your lifestyle.
Fastest week I've ever experienced ....
it doesn't matter which one, they're pretty much the same thing. I just know mines called photo grid & it was free hahahaha.
Sunday thus far: HD, French toast, Melvin Bragg
The Popsicles of fate
Let not your senses deceive, for even as the tempest may howl, just beyond it lies a serenity that could not otherwise find you
Live music tonight at the Milano Inn, weather permitting...looks like it's going to be perfect night for dinner, drinks, bocce ball & music!
Yes, some materials can only be accessed from an NYPL computer due to copyright restrictions & other agreements.
Love cures people- both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.~~~~Karl A. Menninger
Our hearts and prayers goes out to those that have been affected by Hurricane Irene!
thanks. Have you tried out our site yet?
Change is movement that comes from the courage and desire within. via
Another great EVENT on the way!
I miss bothering
how tha fux u gon call me...pay my bill then call me
Another Mavs goal waived off. Absolute crap!
Padres tie it up in the top of the 3rd. Polanco, Victorino, and Pence are due up.
So eventually it'll be Obama vs. Romney. LET'S GET READY TO.............. whatever...
couldn't hear it in
i gotta go check out ghostrider was suppose to today but was knocked the hell out lol ill see it this week for sure tho
Me and Bradley did.
I’ll Play With Your Hair And Drag My Fingertips Across Your Skin.
#Starbucks released their new roast called Blonde Roast. Meaning, they're not burning the beans on purpose now.
Thanks for stopping by, ! Which delicious ice cream did you enjoy?
I love it when people from outside KY try and tell us what's worse. Natl guys have no clue. 92 > 12, by far!
hey magogo. Planning to listen on the way home from S&W dinner. Where did you live freshman year? MAT or L&L?
#HearMeWhisper has reached 800 'likes' on our fan page while our IMDb page is kicking butt at 2,717 'likes'. Thank U to all of our fans!
#BecauseofObama I found a word that rhymes with llama
If today feels anything like yesterday I might have to get some crabs and sit out and enjoy the weather
What's up brahdah! I just got back online w/Twitter!)
So true!
Hahahaha just lying in wait, ready to pounce
yeah well in all fairness they moved away from me so I havent had a home for 4 1/2 years :/
Best not to wear out my self-promoting welcome, I guess.
I'd ask my mom to hide it in one of her buns
u see this? RT catering for some hungry disc golfers at Morley Field today!
to top my day off i cracked my phone again
I think most americans agree on the Buffett Rule!!! Makes cents for America!!!
BIG bucket for Griz. 6-point game with about 4 min to go.
Rainy days are beautiful days, especially when you love your better half. this is to you my love, Mua.....
Yes! That's what u spotted. I always love seeing shows when they r in process like that. Hope you can visit now that it's finished.
same shit..bout to drop 3 back to back projects in 3 months
When the state attorney refuses to take action the system stops - Ryan Vescio
Warping my loom, while thinking about anything else I'd rather be doing.
is Portland a top 4 team in the west with a healthy Greg oden?
re watching shoot us down videos<3 you?(:
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who think they look good without makeup .
i don't think so, but my memory of college is like swiss cheese.
story of my life
Was so great to confirm Bethenny is genuine- and LOVE her staff - helping me chase my triplets around Sams..yikes
#youknowiloveyouwhen when i will fart around you, no problem, that's LOVE...LOL
All my apps on my iPod got deleted. Omg -.-"
First day volunteering at Ronald McDonald house!
Thanks for the follow ! Hope you are all having a great day.
Ditto!:-) Thanks for your comments!
doing my science fair project ):
We hope you decide to come out for zumba tonight! It's going to be a great way to start off the spring! Come by at 6:30.
Happy Friday!! Thanks for your feedback on the BETA everyone! We've made this the latest official version of Paltalk!
Flipflop squad look like they gone lose 2night!!!!!!!
straight outta cleveland ma i dnt do the rollin papers
It all comes down to to 90 minutes in Barcelona - this is it! Go Barça!!!
Striving to do it everyday RT : We need to #befearless & intentional in our approach to social challenges, says
Brunch with my glam girlfriends and roses from my guy. A terrific Saturday in the City of Angels.
Hold her like you'll never see her again.
Happy Valentine's Day
Kept my eyes on the goal and just graduated from Univ. Of Miami Masters degree in hand. Yay!!!!
tonight nigga but idk were jasmine punk ass at
The discovery [murals, Xultun] is reported in the June issue of National Geographic magazine and in the May 11 issue of the journal Science.
RT : Go out right now and get PART WILD by Amazing read!!
u better vote for me!
remember that high gas prices trigger higher inflation & consumer prices & kills the slow economic recovery.
your great.
Dinner...Hm
Hope U had a wonderful #Thursday & thanks for #FOLLOWing (=_=)
RT : Woke up thinking of all those #craftbeers Next week bout to be a patriotic blur
If you can dream it, you can do it!!! Sweet dancing dreams everyone!! xoxo Ava & Loretta
honestly ADTR's only good song. haha
-- they are like 46-2 and ranked 9th? Good lord..what are teams 1-8?
to open American expo Tokyo
I'm gettin a lot of action on Twitter tonight ;)
Thank you for the RTs! Keep spreading the word about disability employment.
Just walked by on 18th st. super crowded in there.
Pretty impressive start for : 400 followers in two days - and my street has been plowed!
": From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut. From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the asshole."
Just had an idea. Major Paul & Paul Show vs. Outta Boundz -- Softball challenge. Maybe one game, maybe a series.
Also big news ~ We got asked to join 's Undone PDX crew last night. Super stoked! Here's to the best music in Japan and PDX!
Peace out, Pensacola.
#Book peeps to #FF #read it or weep
having a hard time breathing cause I was showered with pollen getting my adidas and I don't have my inhaler or allergy medicine.... ): wah
I Got Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Bitches On Top Of Bitches On Top Of Bitches...Yeah-#BARS!!!!
LOL! So how about a 'we're having a 7 year itch trip. Chip in please...' theme? #silverliningtotweets :)
Today we were singing commercials in class. xD
What percentage of the TOO MUCH GOVERNMENT folks favor anti-pot laws?
I've been meaning to ask you what building you are in in your site background photo. Great shot.
on my grind as usual, bout to bounce off of twitter in a second lol
Friend: who would lose your virginity to. Me: EASY! or Friend: your the new virgin mary
Are you covering training camp today?
Since when is criticism of a terrorist state "libelous"?
Dont forget we have homecoming tickets on sale, get yours before they are gone. www.friendsofhowardfootball.org .
Special Tuesday night edition , Doors open , all the Top Tunes and performances till 3am. Stop in and check it out
Rt i won lol cause i jumper in it but now im suspened
The Garden is...empty
RT if you'll always support no matter what. <3
Off work!! Yay!
Annoyed/cranky, overall pissy mood. Thank you surgeon for leading me on that tube wld b removed in january. Stays in until february
Hey Mike, I'm having a kid in a couple of weeks so I think I'll be grounded for awhile....
it was fun.
haha oh yeah will I actually got up and said something you sat there like a glb
Good Morning. My kid brother is DB coach at Princeton.
Great defense for the bucks in the final minute of the half. Bucks 52 Knicks 47 at the half.
NAME THE LYRICS: It's the last of the drank, Pull over, Can't hear a damn thang Sober
My morning coffee has a Herculean task today...
lol leave her alone she was hungry
seeing is deceving, dreaming is believing, its okay not to be okay - Jessie j
Finally getting my mojo back after a long hibernation. Today is gonna both fun and productive!!! Run with me or get run over... ooh rah!
sweater weather but the sun is shining, come on in we are having a fun busy day here at WhatKnots!
haha thanks:) and yeah,it's REALLY fun
I feel your pain.
If Western Kentucky wins the Sun Belt conference tournament tonight they will be in the NCAA tournament with a 15-18 record
Lol love you “: wow didn't know my husband was still a pig “: Girl: What color are my eyes? Guy: 34D ;)””
I am sorry you feel that way. Are you a member?
do you think you'll ever tour in the US?
2 bad bitch flow and twiiter
This rangers game is nuts
save me one!! I was working haha
I just drove around a bit. He's gone. Whew!
i wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me
sometimez they do sleepz with us. Mom doez more than daddy.
oh it's on, girlfriend.
I'm mad at you. Lol
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 9
Every thought we think is creating our future. ~ Louise L. Hay
concert tonight with some other cool people! Party with Biz Markie tomorrow night! Oh yeah! :D
now that THAT'S over
24 months. So only a few months to go. Didn't bother with the customer service complaint; just decided ill switch carriers
Come chester taylor time to prove ur self!
RT : Career Daze today at CSU Stanislaus: Meet 30+ employers, incl. Aerotek, Bronco Wine, City of Modesto, and county schools....
I have RLS and in lots of pain an feel like shit :*( can someone help me and take this pain away???
YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME. IM DROWNING IN MY OWN TEARS
Want a #nudist special getaway 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
If you're angry with Corporate America, then stop giving them your money. Once you get that, you're on the road for taking the country back
Labor Day weekend, thousands of people in the Capitol Square, and no one is protesting. It doesn't seem right.
There's no escape. I can't wait. I need a hit, baby give me it you're dangerous, I'm lovin' it!
oh yeah i remember now!! :) it came to me lol
is That a Shirley Temple? Lol I love those! To me it looks like y'all r a papacito's lol
Thankful im not a heat fan
Maybe Smoak should play catcher?
Thanks for the follow!
your shit slaps! keep it up
Up eating Morgan tripping he'll I'm sleep oh well what Morgan wants Morgan gets I can't wait til my baby girl get here
Let's hope that prenup does it's job.
Puck just dropped in MN vs ND hockey game. Fox 9's Jim Rich is there and we will go to him live at the top of Fox @ Five.
More oxytocin, please. Yes, thank you.
Looks amazing!! Can't wait to get it
Commitment to Treatment Plan is the first step towards success. .keloidsurvey.com
Saw #oomf today ..!
Today - stop by our Race table at Legacy Village today near Starbucks from 4-8 pm. Say hi!
RT There is not a single diet coke in my fridge. It is going to be a long day.
STOP IT! No more talk about...oh wait, this is about dinner. Never mind!
i want to wish a happy mothers day to a wonderful mother. i love you mommy
there have been some epic strikeout pouty meltdowns, including one from 9yr :) They're all doing a lot better now though.
It's really not that cold here right now.
Apologizing in advance! Me stalker ex has been mssgng my friends. So if u get one let me know so I can report it.
yeaah i just want her but she doesnt want me anymore , sucks for me .
Saw #PacerNation close it out tonight and saw and
Just saw The Vow. cutest movie ever <3
#cnbc just played electronic dance music, i cant believe it,
without me? Say what.(;
#NP pleasure p- after the club close! <3
We curate, relate, share, cross-post, try to add value 4 ppl r/t #access, #disability issues, advocacy, news (how are we doing?)
You are very welcome, Eric! We're so glad you're enjoying the course. Let us know what you think about the Android app and...
Teddy was one of my first big interviews as a reporter after seeing Guy tear it up at Hammersmith in uk. Musical genius!
the fact that isn't cheering next season <<<
new icon and background :) tell me what you think
Excited to go to tonight with and friends!
Yes Urkel has left the building
Todd Long Florida up against Grayson - www.toddlongforcongress.com
Listening to Nightwish's Imaginaerum. Really wish I had Pip William's job right now! Guess I'll settle with orchestrating for Symfinity.
I thought I was the only one!!
Checking out #Technori Pitch with Looking forward to it.
Thanks for the RT Tom! Any disagreements on the list?
Teen daughter shopping online for DocMarten lace-ups. Won't tell her I had a boyfriend who wore them thirty years ago.
hello! Wait what is that? lol
Hey Twitter People - we are starting a KC Film People list for all to follow - if you want on that list - DM us and we'll make it so.
RT Just visited with Rep. Pat Tiberi's office. He is a co-signer to the CAPP bill to improve the historic tax credit.
I just got attacked by a moth in my car!
where's Earl Boykins at?!
Everyone share our texting blast with your friends. Text mochalounge to 90210!
There is a bar in London that sells vaporized vodka, which is inhaled instead of sipped
just tried to change the channel on the telly with my mouse
working on touring plans now, we'll definitely let you know!
t home talking about #thehauntinghour It looks like it's the talk of the town right now.
i look down for a sec and theres already 48 new tweets.
I don't love em... I don't chase em ..I duck em!
Pianta: teachers' skills/knowledge on effective teacher-child interactions increased with professional development training
hey thanks for following :) would you have happened to check out our music yet? :)
I love your pic you are one fine woman, I can't stop looking at your pic
La la ri la ri la ri la la!!! if you #sing as well as I do then you need to join www.shastic.com ;)
Wow! Wish I was there, the weather in KC can't seem to make up its mind!
I think OKC missed a huge opportunity in not naming their basketball arena the Thunderdome.
we're tweetin partners now!
Have a happy 4th of July weekend Be sure to take a minute to search me R. Shamar "The Minister of Motivation" on iTunes Rhapsody or Napster
The reasons why the Maya disbanded are apparently in their artwork. But, since no one knows how to read the glyphs or view the images..well.
walking along the Amstel- recording church bells, passing bikes, waterfowl, canal resonances...
I'm good u and sorry for late reply
Thank you to Bogey's Family Fun Park for donating a Family Fun Pack to our "Catch a Wave" gala on March 20th! /via
I live in Birmingham, only 1 hour by rail! My sofa is always welcome to any #Packers fan.
watch out! Whiskey jam tonight starts 8ish until 12..winners!
The #Obama Administration: "creating a one-way tunnel of selected disclosures and thus propagandizes the citizenry while glorifying itself."
you are so AWESOME always taking the time to talk to us fans and give stuff away! Wish I was in SD! I would love 2 meet you<U+2665>
A corporation's first aim is to make money. Government's primary job is to take a big chunk of that money and give it to others.
American Idol Recap: Who Did Jennifer Lopez Call &#39;Best Singer... In 50 Years&#39;?
I want it just ONE more time....from you, and you, and YOU...maybe twice
guys this really sucks but we will no longer be playing in Jacksonville this weekend : (.
Passing notes with him in class and everyone is wondering what we are talking about<U+E022>
Thanks!RT : Happy #FF to some of our fav wedding peeps ::
Hillbilly swagger. Straight up mountain thug. LMAO Only in
Thats going to be a very long line.RT : I can't wait to kiss at midnight tonight, Beth will have to get inline
I need a lil bad chick on my side,real talk but intell then I'mma be doing me
The joke is on you since "April Fools Day" doesn't really exist !!!
are u talking about Baylors jerseys?
yes! Sweet goal! Who u with?
my niece asked, " tete what's your favorite thing to do?" i said, " smoke weed !" y'all should've seen her face lmao !
what?! so stoked!!
another cloudy morning in melbourne, i thought it was spring down here?
damn i left my cup!!!
I love metallic inks and cool coatings - UV's, varnishes
Hmm. Got to look at my messages. Extremely pleased at who left me messages (:
hey so other than trying to find evidence of ghost what do you like to do for fun
RT Is not every moment perfect, if not compared to any other, or subjected to the burden of past and future?
RT : Marketers now encompass essence of what a traditional publisher is a curator, leader and voice.
The Smithville Royals 11U Fall baseball team won the Championship game going 4-1. Congratulations to the 10U Storm Fall team as well.
if either of you ever look like a potato then i am a malnourished troll
snow has stopped in Summit County but not before we got another decent layer, great turns this weekend!
If you do not go after what you want you<U+FFFD>ll never have it
I wasn't that drunk. Dude you stood in my fireplace screaming "Diagon Alley!"
From LA & NYC, it's Joshua Leonard, Mitch Goldman & Mary Pat Bentel of "The Lie"-welcome!
it's okay for me cos I have 2 brothers and a sister, but you know. Sometimes you miss mixing with different people.
Normalize *all* the taxonomy words? YES. Normaliy ALL the taxonomy words.
Don't see a DM - let me know where I should go. Thanks!
Uh it's snowing?
Turkey cheese melt with an egg on top. I could think of worse things for lunch.
Hey, got the last track at a rough mix...looking for my phone! Whats your email. I'll send
Ditto RT : What???? RT : You must be stoked if rumours of The Wire coming back are true?
We open at 9pm now! No happy hour. But more fair prices on our regular menu including our $3 Snow Cones.
Bored with nothing to do
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Putting together care packages for the troops with items collected from local insurance agents! Love the holidays and our agents!
I'm all in and throwing caution to the wind! This Summer will be my greatest ever lived!
Come to Ale Mary's tonight at 8pm so we can get a picture of the bike filled up with people for the Balt Sun. We will buy you a beer!
nice to meet you too, Nelson (: so how old are you? (:
“: #DailyQuote “The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself." ”
Today is a great day!
im gonna wait for the boy who kisses my forehead, who wants to show me off to the world when I'm in sweats,
Hey, how *are* users using genre terms? How can we make them more approachable? Great topic for a session!
I couldn't be happier about getting a nom....all his scenes made me cry.
I want to drive to the mountains and see snow.
Almost positive I just saw ludicrous.... In other news NYC is gorgeous today...
there is no possible way Patriots should be favored next year. Just bc your a pats fan doesn't mean u can say that every yr
Please? Gert and I will work on it together.
Thought-provoking: Ambitious people achieve more successful careers, but that doesn’t translate into leading happier or healthier lives.
not particularly.. Rare occurrence when I crave candy..
Very nice. Not what media says about Islam. MT #IslamMadeMeRealise value of women in our society & infinite respect they deserve
Okayy im in :D
Where are you at? I just moved here a few months ago & need to connect w/more females so I can have more of a night life here...
listen to the moon's quiet cry for peace.
Not crazy if you want to be a law librarian.
Midnight Diva Sushi Delivery Problems
I was JUST there last weekend lol
lol. Im putting dat in one of my raps.
so excited you are going on to next week of dwts!!! :-)
silent as a beetle....gosh ppl TALK!
RT : Only black people act like "dark skin" & "light skin" are two different races...
Hungry THo =( Well Atleast i think im hungry lol
“: it's like for your sex life! #technori” pretty good except, it's aimed at keepin her in love w you w ROMANCE
Any progress on the Stokes Friendly scarves?
to the BBTF Team... Happy Holidays, we really love you guys, thank you for all the hard work and laughs. We are ready for an amazing 2012
can you just follow me already haha i love you even if you don't follow me (:
We were in the press lounge/pit most of acl!Why didnt we hang out?Last day I was selling my halos for my doc trip to Liberia
My sis has two extra tickets for Wilco in Madison. You want them? I
because I have an iPhone 4s dude
NAN awards dinner with .
Sign up for private acting classes now..a few of our best are offering...www.yatkids.org. 317-614-5057
Hahaha. Me too! I ask Nick to tell me what happens, but he won't. Jack's the greatest! Nick's not too shabby either. Haha. :)
Thanks for hosting a great open house tonight. Informative Q&A with & fun to network w/ all the entrepreneurs.
Yeah, isn't it wonderful?
Holy crap is the ALA site AWFUL. Somehow I got registered and reserved a hotel. But I never got a receipt for my membership payment
Amazing when is the Accidental Affair in Los Angeles?
is playing for Germany again today. Number 18.
Ew. Gotta leave for school in 10 mind.
Log into Gmail in browser, go to Email Settings>Forwarding & POP/IMAP, then turn Auto-Expurge on. That should let you delete.
co-worker looks like a creature from star wars (acts like one too)
Screw Tebow its Brady Time!!!! <3
Spring cleaning isn't just for @ home. Go through old files, make sure important ones are backed up, and organize your office
and pay! He's had final 4's vacated before. No doubt this one joins the list. Where there is smoke, there is fire.
I can't believe the rain moved here so quickly!!
haha yeah after a point its hard to go back. The D800 looks solid
Dip was the loudest nigga in the building
Happy Birthday to my sweet husband!!!
You get my mention re: your persistence policy?
...but it doesn't feel like they should get to own that. It's strange to think of emotional reaction as a space that can be crowded out...
doing great though. Hope the same for you!
Hey, ITG is where I cut my teeth, with !
currently living in Tampa but moving to LA in a couple of weeks. So, somewhere in between :-)
It's a #good feeling, to possess the #confidence in a #positive future. It's not a 24/7 event, but it sparks when it shows.
and here come the
SSP conference begins with thought leaders on innovation, globalization, and collaboration.
full body cringe.
Mention me
Yes. Tater Tot Gonzales; tater tots, bell peppers and cheddar cheese. I'll be sure to make a vegan one for you later in summer.
like...you're a TV company. Make better TV.
Good Night <U+2665>
Ashton Kutcher Shows Many Faces in Popchips Ad Campaign - New York Times (blog)
Remember that Beach Boys episode of Full House? I think they performed with Jessie and the Rippers
NICE You tell him
Thought you was talking about the pic I just posted My bad...
thanks for the retweet and congrats on the great new song!
nice typewriter man
we are family
in fact I don't think you can run two candidates from the same state but I would have to look into it.
Boykin quote: Don't change teachers thinking to lead them to act, act teachers into changing their thinking.
what have you been up to?
Officialy hates migrains and says no to being sick!
Thank you for following me, i look forward to reading your thoughts on learning technologies, Rob.
me neither
No prob! Good luck :)
Come on nd DO IT!
why are you in your office right now???
RT : The guy changed his name to STRATAGY! Can't make this stuff up. No one would believe it.
LOL RT : sure, but wearing bacon like a badge is not recommended in bear contry...or around me. :)
Happy Thanksgiving from your Church Brothers family!
i wanna laugh.. ^_^
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid I was so poor I didn't have a teddy bear, I had my sister. I still bit her nose off though.
Swisher or Vega?
Moving back to Plainfield
Love that! Happy mother's day to you and your momma.
Not suggesting that; Tim Hightower is on the board. Still, a conscious decision to pick an SD band for music + show Ryan 1st.
Night night
Time to put this Netflix app to work and wait for someone to come get me since I dont have a spare x__x
I was out of paper bags so I put butter all over her face...
There is a bird making the most beautiful morning chirps next to me outside this sunrise. I wish I had a bird chirp app to identify it
Work work work! :) writing songs today
oh god they must have known I was reading that in math class! Especially that toad...
yeah they are! :-)
S/O To My Sister Yall Go Folloow Ha She That Babyy . &'d She #Teamfolloowback x-12
I don't see you for a couple months and you turn into a fun runner? P.S. I challenge you to a bike race!
I sure hope so.
Listening to Adele- Someone like you! <3
I was too!(: they just gotta stay positive. And be happy for the people that meet him<3
Their new arena deal is a losing deal. People say the attendance issue is because they aren't good. It because NorCal is full of ghosttowns!
You can sleep when ur dead
KU by far, lifeless.
Show your support for independent artists!
Is at the Big House watching U of M put it to UMass! Go Blue!
Swamp fingers
KUEEN OF KRUNK NEEDS YOUR HELP & SUPPORT LOOK HER UP ON YOUTUBE UNDER TERRIEANNKUEEN1 OR KUEEN OF KRUNK....SHE DESERVES SO MUCH
What does DET think the Brewers are a bunch of candyasses
Great practice tonight, loved your yoga pants.
Killed a brown (deadly) snake on our driveway last night. Summer is here with spiders, snakes and mozzies. Australia in the summertime...
thanks for having #NewMexico in your heart. #teamNewMexico . See you in the future.
If this is what you call crushing my career...I feel sorry for you lmao
Greetings and welcome to the community that's all about software quality and performance.
Its hard to find the non-GMO Project Verified foods I wish there was better labeling in the store. Nudge.
Thanks for the RT! I could also learn a lot from you when it comes to
one of those has BBQ
Follow us on Twitter CPH_Naz
then get here!
We may come!
after hearing the sound check, it's going to be amazing!
If happy after did exist I wish to be holdin you like this- Maroon 5
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear "That makes you fat."
I love the library, I seem to not procrastinate as much
that's always wise with a Marvel movie :)
Torn about an emergency fund verses retirement? Do both. A Roth IRA can help you save money and still allow withdrawals in case of emergency
#HEATLTHY EATING IS THE RIGHT THING TO DO
did you check on my video? Go to Facebook.com/ciroc74 and add me and there's a video on there.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #journalist because he's a seasoned veteran and has well-honed his craft!
Is there a Revert button in the Create Invoice screen in QB for Mac?
Exploring the future of work at re:working conference in NYC
Song of the Day: - Wild (In Reverse)
i made a new friend with (;
lol lazy ass
Lesson 3 from - be who you are. There is simply no time for split personalities.
Is that the royal we? ;-)
I just took quite the slip, slide, tumble through Jordan Hall. Thanks for nothing wet flip flops.
The photos of poor patient-student-computer setup are hilarious.
Copters over the reactor remind me of annoying gnats over a festering sore...
Logic and the history of knowledge suggest extend relativity, then 1 and 2 are somewhat answered.
ok send me a plain ticket lol
Conference Registration will open at 12 noon.
How many panels this year were about health? Compared to last year?
really I'm honored to do so :)
I may have to move if the #LAKINGS win the cup
im leaving from nashville to go to St. Augustine then Alpharetta on the way back
"Let's get hammered and sickled!" - Stalin in college
True very true
#HonestyHour -- I lost contact with some of my highschool close friends .
lol I meant melky!! I hate all the Cabreras in baseball they confuse me.
I try so hard not to be jealous but it doesn't work out in my favor
I never really listened or seen the video to Run The World ( Girls ) before ..
I was telling Carolyn how hysterical I think you are! Can't wait to meet you in July!
cleaning my room nd i found couple of gars, do you knw im rollin up
Why do you have to fuck EVERYTHING up?
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!26
Did you know muscle pain and weakness can be a symptom of vitamin D deficiency?
So tired & my feet are killing me.
it makes my fingers hurt sosososo bad. :(
Tonight I am thankful for the spring thunderstorms that came with hail an inch around. There's something beautiful in that.
If Mayweather win he apart if illuminate
You're only as good as your last haircut.
This bar has so many dudes in it that a girl in a wheelchair can get serious action
#sidechickbirthdaygifts Goggles and a Protein shake
im grt my kiss right lmao
Happy St Patricks Day!
Just added - full band show Monday 3/12 at The Auslander in Fredericksburg, TX with Ted Russell Kamp.
#wod2: Pilates at with
Praise the Lord! Truck passed state inspection w/ no extra problems!
Juice incredible job tonight brethren
CONGRATS!! News 4 Emmy nominated for Nat'l Championship Air Races crash; Only station in Reno getting Emmy nom for 2011 news coverage
going to hone my spiritual ninja powers. AKA eating mushrooms on the beach.
Wanna be the official #Austin hotel of this year's festival? Give us a shout!
Learning communities, e.g. are key to independent learning. at
Presidents day weekend plans? Heading to to pick up a few gifts, then finish an art project w/ an octopus as center stage!
Whatever! I didn't get my reading done, I was too busy fighting with my ex! ): Can I still have some cookies... (:
I sent you the trade proposal.
MEGA MILLIONS!! Who's going in the pot with me again??
Kony 2012. Everyone please retweet this and spread the word. Do it for the kids.
If U are ever in downtown Littleton CO check out one of my favorite stores, The Chocolate Therapist. If you're not nearby, go to their site.
It's official. I won't be getting my A.A. degree in the mail until in July. Counting down the days!!!
I know. We gotta chill soon. Like the day after tomorrow or some shit.
Have to admit, the performance with and (a digital, projected) Tupac was pretty awesome.
I bet it looks so cool I hope I get to go there someday
He does have a creepy rape face thing going on 80% of the time. Poor Mila!
it's mornings like these that I wish I could wear sweats to work
Are you having a party for the #Kentuckyderby this Saturday? Who's your pick? #Bodemeister or #Unionrags & what are you serving for food?
Shoutout to on his new track, that shit is out of control!
Anyone have thoughts on/ recommend any Long Island vineyards? Plan on checking some out today.
of course! ;)
Don't wait til June to see #WCWS caliber play. Come out to the diamond & see Top 10 teams & today
Which status does thou speak of?
Buron noted informational, cultural, & recreational needs of teens AS important & must be served
i just voted for you guys !
doesn't know the term day off!
CONUNDRUM SUB-PLOT: Barista is staring at you the WHOLE time, never breaking eye contact to look at grinder, coffee or machine.
Thanks for the follow back ;)
thats good then(: it'd me great to see you in person!:D
Filling out forms for graduation
Dairy products have a high PH that's very acidic, causing your blood sugar to spike! Body takes alkaline minerals out of bones! Sarah Taylor
If I'm what I eat, I must be Meatloaf
Always and forever.. #Loyal ill be.. despite how you feel about it.
Knicks last game on New Jersey. Kinda sad. Let's go Nets! Sniffles
A cooked egg just popped in my brother's face lmfao
#INeedABoyfriendWho want's to text me all day, and is up front about feelings.
Fucking hate the rain :(
Ack..autocorrect. Sat. Aretha Franklin tickets are on raffle for NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio at Prosperity.
How's everyone?! -Janan
Agreed. Even if you are watching it on Hulu and it's only 10:30 am ;)
lost in a fairytale - could you hold my hand and be my guide?
I know crack is bad and all, but you can't deny it's weight loss benefits.
i aint feelin all of this son
There was reason to believe. I'll never look at those streets the same way again.
Loan me lawn chairs/camping chairs/folding chairs? We're short for Figment and some artists need them for their projects. Free is good, too!
Or maybe my memory is just complete crap...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hey look at my new photo im kelli
CRCC's Chip Murray, Mark Whitlock, Manuel Pastor, , to speak tonight at hearing.
I was just thinking that in the Boston metro area people probably violate that rule 80 percent of the time. So unsafe.
You know you're going to run into old RTT customers & employees. Are you really trying to deal w/ that? :)
I definitely don't share your religious beliefs, but you are a consistently classy & thoughtful voice for NFL. Much respect.
congrats, glad u r sticking around in NY.
Happy Birthday hope you have a Great Day!!
Lunch with The best part about being your own boss you can come and go as you please! Can't wait to see you midday babe.
Thank you for joining us!
the answer is too complicated to answer in a tweet! Let's chat!
Coffee and splenda to start my day
Who should i go to homecoming with my Freashmen buddy or the hot Senior!!!!!!!!
game on!
Also, Google Music didn’t notice my new Liars album (Sisterworld) in my folder and won’t upload. Actually somewhat annoyed at that.
Not doing that, Im in love, not a hoe bag! ! Hahaha
My parents are gonna buy me a Honda Civic 04'. Its not a Range Rover but I will work
Follow me?(:
you have to be a better person for yourself , be genuine to yourself , therefore you can be genuine to someone else
: hijack away! GO CARDS! Where you watching the game?
I can't not wait till the day comes to Dallas,TX!(:HE NEEDS TO HAVE A CONCERT HERE AGH<3(:
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
RT : What an awesome weekend! My mind is spinning with ideas! Thanks & !
Ok gotcha
backs in #AZ09: "Sending him 2 Congress 2 fight for us is 1 of my top priorities in 2012."
dude rember the eviction notice song
where u suki
Note to self: You're not going to get a tan at the pool when you're caked in 50 SPF.
Lol my dad just said he likes to listen to pitbull
What is the best place to buy cheap Airsoft guns? cheap airsoft guns
There are way too many fake Brewer player accounts. is amazing, the rest are not.
Finna eat breakfast and then nap time until.......
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :)
Eli #Manning looking snazzy in his suit on
jorts are a great way to tell everybody you are not getting laid
Thanks for posting this. This story fits perfectly into one of my WP journals on exploited women.
I see pain in her eyes, and it shows on her face.
we fuck till' we come to conclusions.
i miss
Check check check. Refused party program.
Hope all you and members voted
I hope the oil giants get a sunburn today.
Indeed, I do like it ~ well done! X Jazzy
your tweet helped RT : I love when #AmericanU graduation becomes a trending topic in #DC each year. Congrats to the #2012AUGrad s
Doubting reports that people are not driving for the 4th. Way busy all the way to Minocqua and beyond.
I ADORE MIRANDA <3 SHE IS PERFECT AND AMAZING AND UGHH BLAKE IS A LUCKY MAN! #SucksToBeAGirl;)
"Who ties their dog to a pole, like a stripper?"
tears were streaming down my face
Saw your Twitter name and just had to say, my middle name is Jane too!
Ha she's correcting the new guy!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Them pineapple whiteowls selling out everywhere like new J's
Omg the funniest thing EVER just happened LMFAO
It smells like Oktoberfest in my haus.
That one friend who annoys the hell out of you but you love them anyways."
Why is the alphabet in that order ?
I miss u more
Yea I heard it was two games. So what does that mean for the team? How did all exams/grades go?
because i would dump my gf if u could live with me *cries*
I'm dedicated to writing more, on twitter, too. So...here goes: Tired. Ugh.
lakers game and beers saturday night?
Lafayette Honors Students for Academic Excellence · About ...
If you never tried sushi you should, its <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0088><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0088><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0089><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+0088><U+00B9>
Going to sleep like a rock.
I'm at the MGM tent at Thomas & Mack! Come see us!
Showers may change that soon.
Disappointed with Alf Apps. Talk to/with Libs Alf, not the press. A disturbing habit. Fishing for a full-time pundit's chair?
Uugh... long day today with lots of meetings... = no fun
Looking forward to the Marquette University Career Fair today (1-5 p.m.), stop by if you are interested in hearing about internships.
#basf11 more antimatter... expand on that anti-gin tonic please. the drink that drank me?
Immature: A word boring people use to describe fun people.
you sucked your soda down before u got your food!! Haha I do the same exact thing!!:D #YEE Love You<3 #Mahomie4Life <33
We miss you Michael!
Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic Sony Ericsson Open final showdown may be defining point of the season
At ISSMA State Solo/Ensemble? Mention you're a friend of ours on Facebook or Twitter and get 7% off your purchase!
You want me to be impressed with how much stuff you have in your house, I want you to be impressed with how much stuff I have in my heart
Love handshakes. Especially when my team wins!! cc:
You know it. I'm the original model for ZZtop.
HERE'S ZOMBIE!! Lol
very cool!
Kaba junk removal. Is one of best junk removal in minneapolis so if you get junk to be cleaning up call kaba junk removal right now
Friday it was 80 and sunny and Monday it is 35 and snowing lol...at least its not the other way around
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657, please follow me back. also love your videos. =)
"that's good. Thats what you gatta do... 82%!"
I here now in now
gee your eyes are gorgeous even when they're red
oh I meant where to buy them
Already on a college "sleep" schedule. So, basically I think my body has my nights and days mixed up.
practice tonight was bananas :)
“: Dane cook is hilarious.” if your 10.
Everything comes to an end!.. And when things aren't like a woman want, just don't continue with the pain. Women are stronger than a stick.
I've helped countless people achieve their fitness goals in my 16 years as a personal trainer, let me help you fulfill your fitness vision.
It's going to a beautiful day
yeah lol.. i mean ...idk how else to rephrase my own words.
This bus is driving me crazy their so loud and there acting like they were raise by wolves like grow the FUCK up
Girls, just because the guy that you want doesn't like you back, doesn't mean that you aren't beautiful.
don't we all get a free one then
out out
Decided to ditch the homework tonight. I will regret this but that Girl Scout meeting w K and 1st graders wore me out!
Yes, it's pretty shocking. More people need to start paying attention to prevent what happened in India - 99% declines.
total screen time: 2 min. And that's being generous.
No worries, of course. Have a good trip.
what's your fav movie
what's stopping you, Craig?
i've got an invite to both for you if you want it?
what is my favorite thing my computer sound card does: the DC bias problems, the random attenuation or the rare tremolo? i can't decide
FSN Rockies analyst Jeff Huson joins The Score at 8:05 to talk about the game yesterday. Ask him a question- 303-297-1510. Listen at AM1510
Finally someone agrees with me on Rubber Soul!
Anodyne is graciously giving away a pound of their delicious coffee to next person to buy a juice!
My phone doesn't have the best reception at the moment, but yes, email me.
Thanks for the follow! I have been a fan of your tweets for quite some time now. #voiceover #voice over
Waiting to hear back about a number of things. So stressful. How can I be productive in the meantime?
Congrats to the Pacers... they really did work hard this year!
Read Andrew Marvell this morning. "My vegetable love" makes me laugh every time.
What did you learn last night ?
I'm guessing A-L-I-E-N for 5.
“: Fact: Italian beef pizza is almost always better than an actual Italian beef.”
Well. My brakes work.
so i havent been on the internet in like 2 days and already i late hearing all this chaos thats been goin on in the world.smdh
Trending is for losers and pussy's #WINNING #EPIC RT #tigerblood is trending worldwide, the end is nigh
Time to go to work on dinner and more writing offline, #amwriting a #poem, new post and next week's tasks. Bye!
Exponential is an interesting word. It means rapid and massive growth. You<U+0092>d have to think outside your normal process.
#letsgocaps Hey John that was a great story in the paper. Nice!!!!! Happy for you.
Tonyc, Necio & myself are NO LONGER @ Bombay Ranch on Tuesdays or Sundays - your new SUNDAY destination is CABO Tropical grill - Message ...
Thank-you for inclusion in the daily!
Finally listened to The Weeknd. I'm impressed!
Pey is just amazing. okay.
I just feel the national media's swung a little too far in OKC's favor now.
lmao J I was a good girl
Chico's Tacos in El Paso.
How can gas go up .35 in 4 days?
down by 1 in the 4th. the longest 10.9 seconds of your life.
dang! spread the EMEFE love around!
“: UTRECHT!” best record fair I have ever been to in my life there! Have fun!!
If any of you all RT my "RT if you're a dancer" tweet you should also tweet me how long you've been dancing so I can retweet that(:
BTW - Whenever I'm watching #weeklyfitnesschallenge videos, Coach says I'm rocking out ha! I love music u select 4 videos!
My husband (who graduated from BU in '05) swears to this day by University Barber Shop. Still will not go anywhere else.
Hw rules our lives at times
We're enjoying the "Ideas to Excellence" banners hanging on Bascom Hall! Very fitting for our great University!
has kobe bryant ever heard of this guy named mike brown?
heyy BECKY its okay im still your friend(: !!
Writing Retreat #3 is only one month away! Any menu suggestions? (Because that's the important thing, obviously...)
Thank you for letting the world know about The Chocolate Library! www.nytimes.com/2010/12/15/dining/15chocolate.html
Thanks Louise. I am really honoured to be included with so many great companies and looking forward to visiting London in February
Going to Cracker Barrel!
Hi iconiacz anyone on? ~Ashley
IM DONE WITH MY DOUCHE BAG ROOMMATE FOREVER!!! AH......Oh my god, what am I going to tweet about?
One quality of leaders and high achievers in every area seems to be a commitment to continued personal and professional development.
Knicks have awful defense
Fuck who you want and fuck who you like!
how bout something w/o apples...
Tip of the day. @ replies with just a link are typically spam, please don't click spam just delete it. Not sure?? Ask us. ^jl
The music was not good, it wasn't that big of a deal lol you didn't miss out on anything -.-
Most of my tags are gone. There, I've said it in the most polite way possible. It wasn't easy.
We do live in an era where conservatism is creating something resembling the backdrop of dystopian novels.
lol! I'm on break and not training therefore I can break the rules
Not appreciated in its own time- arrived at the end of the CCG bubble Magic first introduced. Asymmetric style is great.
dat sound like some project x shit bro lol
I'm freaking out again. I haven't done this since March! Lol
Life is only good because you make it that way so don't jack it up :)
Way to stick up for your teammate yesterday
Way to go North Carolina! People can try to amend the Constitution, but nothing amends biblical truth. Marriage is between a man & woman.
So i hit yo girl a while ago
This is why I haven't flown in years. They abandoned me at JFK late one night w/o even a cup of coffee. Terrible airline.
Thanks for the blogging and social media scoop at today's #NENR #FF and
I need to get over this perfection complex I have
How many times can I use 'cute' in a post before it stops looking like a word to me? We're about to find out!
Picked up that #sandiegoclippers jersey though shout out to
Imagine if we'd have had them in WarCraft 3 days, who knows how big it could've been? Maybe not as big as StarCraft 2 now is, but big. BIG.
Happy mothers day to all those beautiful mothers and mommies to be (: , God bless you all <U+2665>
RT : +1 SQL is relevant. For #sparql I'd like to see more production use cases inform standardization of extensions. Simply timing.
Our deepest condolences go out to our friend, David Norris & the Norris Family, for the loss of their father. You will be in our...
i kno im in the wrong about going through her messages, and she said if i wanted to kno, that i shoulda asked.
do straight boys just naturally have more strength in their arm? bowling against these boys is impossible. they throw it hard as shit!
All hyped up on iced coffee and pretzels....bookings and castings rolling in...crazy day!
That awkward moment ; When your in mid argument and you realize that you're wrong.
just a pitbull.
Jealousy is an unbecoming trait, but we're used to it in
Good game tonight and ! <U+26BE>
got my tickets for wrestling this sunday taking my cousin he been dyin to see big shiw
A little brrr and full of smog. LOL :)
its about time they show some respect
my glass ball is hopefully working right again!(;
Un-bleeping-believable..
Pressing forward with RockIt this week - should be on the floor at MCM next week!
You're timing (zing!) resurfacing this matter could not have been better, Dan. Keep checking your mailbox, Jay.
no test... still can't wait though!
you better keep the team in line this season!
Just seen P.Y.T. Thanx bro!!!
hmm is this the first day you could see it usa always seems to be the last
WOW thats awesome! What are you going there for?
just told me today's my two year Twitter anniversary. I feel so moved suddenly. Too bad my husband forgot.
will be getting into LA on Saturday and leaving that evening...
Who am I gonna be? :) Xo
My brother nice to see tweet you here.
Hope you're all having a great Sunday...and aren't too bummed out about having to go back to work tomorrow! ;)
Friday=my best friend <U+270C>
I was on for a bit! XD I wanted to see if you were able to get on D3.
YOUR STILL TRENDING!!!!!!!!! longest trend ever<3 (;
More multimedia on posts = more views
Yay! So glad you're enjoying it!
Also Directory of Grant Making Trusts. I got a fair bit through small grants. Sir Richard Stapley Educational Trust, too.
I am running Win7 on a MacBook Air. I feel both cool and dirty.
eating grapes yum
Have your students evaluate themselves - set exams aside - a litmus test for the psyche - a starting point to build upon - a REALIZATION.
US issues beef assurances after Indonesia ban
Why am I tired? It's not like I have to work or do anything all day long. Yet I'm ready to go to sleep?
I'm guessing right now ur lookin at our tweets and dms now.... :D am I right?
I can help with that
I ain't made a slow track in a minute.
Chapel Hill 2010. Here we go!
Are you going to do it online live like you did last time? <AB
"why are you always so giggly?" :)
Charles Dickens' first choice for Scrooge's iconic catch-phrase "Bah Humbug" was "Bah Christmas."
Is there a place where one might preorder such a thing?
always rock a smile.
What the hell?
yea i sure do
First banAna phone marriage proposal. Do love bkny
A debate on tweet seats, rehearsal for Our Country's Good and dinner with a friend.
mo tell who am I going to tell
Finna wrap my hair forreal now
Baseball's greatest play! Enjoy! Baseball, greatest play-1976-_Monday.wvx
Is it Bazooka?
I was in Destin in April. Beautiful area. Never been to Vegas.
Oh, now I want to re-read this -- and Forever, too! RT Tiger Eyes movie just being shown to theatrical distributors.
ah link-building. #dfwsem make it count. make it authentic. but whatever you do, show me the links
Great work. Definitely an exercise in successful aging. Best wishes
I don't feel a day over 70 sirs. forgot your b-day was on the 2nd.
nice plug for my show by Quinn Dukes: www.artinnewyorkcity.com/2011/04/03/eric-swangstu-at-fxfowle-gallery
Disruptive innovation benefits from resource constraints (e.g. developing countries)
Looking at how the learning process is shaping, students won't be able to cheat. Proficiency in a subject will be digitally measured.(:)
Thank you for informing us of One of my employees brought this to me, we will look into it. Looks promising.
"babies are so cute until they grow up" good to know grams.
if i accept you for who you are you should do the same
Van Galder, my old nemesis, we meet again
So glad is back and blessed this year! Welcome to the lowcountry! : )
haha what a good kid.
that is so sweet!!! :) It's ok to spoil them! ;) they are totally worth it. Lol
One of the many reasons to love VT! RT : 44 years ago today Vermont banned billboards. What a great law!
": Ryan Braun announced as NL Player of the Month for September. #Brewers" September, when it matters the most. Congrats #RB8!
is it bring your daughter to work day? DANGIT. Beep woulda loved coming to work with me. ;)
Could you see the hole nfc south starting 0-2?
I wish telling someone that you love them wasnt so difficult.
#WFUD12 reporters are governed by collegiality. Would my colleagues be okay with this?
zipppin to chi just ti zip back..
Let's go hawks!
Cheesus Christ Superstar
No. Decided some other schlep could do it.
You guys, this TV commercial where a man asks Lisa Rinna to try on adult diapers that she "doesn't need" "for charity" is really amazing.
i dont know y i have hope when i check my twitter i know that will never follow me :(
I like your interpretation of 's "third world" internet aesthetics. #vickileekx = postcolonial hack FOREVER!
Headed down to the beach. I love the offseason.
Why does everything in mom's kitchen always taste better?
T3: I haven't used Yelp for hospitals, but I imagine it would be pretty important for marketers to keep a good rep there.
I packed so many mags i almost didnt have room for shoes RT are you catching up on magazine reading on the Acela?
thanks for the RT! And Happy Friday!
Excited for the and game tonight with Cass!!
Don't miss Mr. Singer tomorrow at 1:45pm! His up-tempo music will make your little ones clap, dance, and sing along!
in the near future: lots of time lapse, lots of animation (#stopmotion!), marketing for our new side business, and hopefully some sleep!
Someone should slap Joffrey in every episode.
We are very thankful to all of our Twitter followers for following us! Have a great Thanksgiving!
You girl, you right there, you look like you like this shit How'd I know, how'd I know? That's me on some psychic shit
im live again les go
May I have a shoutout?
YOUR NEIGHBOR IS CRYING ON THE INSIDE; PRAY AND ENCOURAGE HER (Jer 17:15) Where is the word of the LORD? Let it come now! #Sir Court
At least now we aren't holding our breath every time he makes a hit RT : I was at that game, scary stuff
. exited for tomorrow's CHRISTMAS PARTY :)
Happy Thai new year!
Put me in a reality tv show, I'm pretty sure I can start just as much drama as Ron and sam
I have never seen a stadium react to a winning score/goal quite like the people at the Man. City game. Insane.
Romney's money generated $42 million in income. How much money does it take to generate that much in income per year? Anybody seen ant stat?
Dallas Cowboys get Mo Claiborne obviously. Makes their secondary actually good for once.
Bored and tired. What else is new on a Monday night . <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
dude,you seriously should follow me
Everyone have a great Easter spend time with those you love, and thank Jesus for saving us!
Plumbers charge more for "emergency" work...I get it...but if it's during work hours shouldn't it just be another appointment?
Fun Friday hanging around the Hilton w and TCFV staff for the BIPP Conference.
You're quite welcome! Thank you for stopping by yesterday.
Night everyone Z's sleep & dream well ;0] & be rested
'people are fearful of the unknown--education is key.' Break the stigma associated with mental illness + homelessness. HousingMattersSD.org
Yeah baby
inspiration to up and coming ballers! Zack 9, joey 6, and ruff n ready bulldozer lou 2! Thanks 4 genuine good u exploit!
Look out Southside! CHOCOLATE CUVEE is coming! Mix with your fav vanilla flavored vodka!
great conversation today at #lib2 panel - thx!
do any of the Boyz want to be back on ABDC? Shoutout to Idella
I almost bought it the other day but I was shocked at how expensive it is! Poor PR student discount please
if you're at an airport going to Florida you're not allowed to complain about coffee, beer pours or prices...
lol I know right ... Lol when that person told me that I was like ._. ... -.-
Tonight was easily one of the best nights of my life. That being said, I'm going into hibernation now.
well i had my ipod that had boyfriend on it, i was disappointed.
just saw nicki's starship video. Good song. Video made no sense.
Loving the weather. Wish I could relax outside instead of being stuck in a stuffy building that has a hint of mildew in the air!
Dammit!! Now I have to wait till Tuesday to go back to the beautiful At&t Center!! This sucks!!!!!
It is Official. operation based in Nashville as of 1/1/11. Hello Music city! Thanks for the memories, Coosa County, Alabama.
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older. - Anouk Aimee,
CONGRATS!!! RT : Great team effort today! Grinded it out for the win. On to the second round!
I'm from NY but I'm a true blue Colts fan. Let's go Blue!!!!
We do drive-bys we do walk ups
80oz complete for today's #100ozChallenge! Staying hydrated all week long!
": "Fuck" is definitely my favorite language enhancer." Agreed!
is tweeting quite a lot today (;
#justAintcool when u in Polo and ur child in bobo
Put that on my mama
here's a restaurant recommendation for u in Minneapolis.. Kincades..
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Bae lol I'm just messing with you darnell
The really nice thing about is that all their tech rocks. Phones, TVs, Laptops!
If I lay here... If i just lay here, would you lie with me an just forget the world <3
hahah, great guy. Him and Margo Kerr, a moment on a great Honeymoon. Talked smack to him in Venice, IT. He was in shock.
Can you recommend me a few reputable teen talent agencies in the New York area? I can't find any with a guarantee of a casting..
Great day. Sunshine. Working Feeling openly optimistic about the good days ahead.
Braves vs Mets (: I like both teams but i going for the Mets.! :)
is completely SOLD OUT for tonight's opening of Bruschetta!!! A huge THANK YOU to the best cast, crew and directors on the planet!!!
I love you the MOST WIN or LOSE, like said #NO PROBLEMS!!! YOU Freakin ROCK BABAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hunger Games was one intense movie. My heart was pounding beginning to end.
Isn't crazy how people can tell what you are going through ...
Starting Monday it's time to kick the tires and light the fires once again!
Happy birthday, Lucien Carr!
Not even heavy words can bring me down. Boy, I've been raised from the dead.
yoooo.. text me
At least one of us is being productive. Looks awesome!
Hey.this song I'm writing now...it's about u.so when Guave becomes famous and u love this song.u won't even know.but u will stay oblivious.
Why, Bartram's Garden (America's 1st botanic garden), of course!
U searching for the meaning...u a find it nexts to me
#ABennett24toUK the barbarian
My 5th period teacher said that then something bad about each student she called either son if a bitch or butch lol
Aaron Rodgers is just so great.
16 classy girls right there!
stronger willed players with the ultimate goal to WIN !
#chicultural2012 3) Downtown and beyond - Cross-pollinate culture citywide
Sometimes to give the best services, we have to stop giving other types of services.
It has always puzzled me how Casey Jones could be considered a "hero." His actions seemed pretty reckless to me.
Saturday nights are a lot cooler with a date. Find your date at mydateishere.com for the cost of one zero penny, aka for FREE!
Happy birthday to America, Chrispie, and Ted!
Sometimes I think I ask the wrong people for advice. "Work harder" isn't good advice to someone who can barely work at all.
We bout to beat some Laker hater ass tomorrow , James ? Lmao
Or is it the complexity of the preparation yields no action?
I'm just saying, if I was a DJ, I wouldn't be playing Pumped Up Kicks right now, out of respect for the three kids who died yesterday.
Me too RT : "only one that completes the pain can take it away" I like that
The top 10 songs and albums on the iTunes Store
Ha! looking good brother Roman! I remember watching game video and Maddox calling you out for "standing up" at the snap LOL
That's so funny -- I had to learn PCs when I got to BR. Glad to hear it went well! UR desk rocks by the way :)
Watching the next set of sessions at #thatcamp from the computer lab... Feed me.
Listening to Casey veggies lyrics just makes me think how real life is
Today's affirmation: I possess complete ability to articulate my thoughts and feelings to everyone, and I express myself wisely.
Sweet! Figured out how to clone my git onto a new computer. Though I'm thinking that gist might actually be a better tool for my purposes...
A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him
Just woke up from going to sleep last night :). Haven't slept or had rest like this in this fashion in a long time. Felt frackin great :).
Killed a moth with a Nerf samurai sword.
no one
How's the weather where you are? Are you keeping your life real organized?
Good seeing you all and saying howdy.
Tomorrow #NashaRashaNYC <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>Models Night Out Ladies complementary Drinks & Appetizers Hampton Daze Magazine presents giveaways & more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
“Of course I am completely in support of gay marriage. I also have an amazing boyfriend. This doesn't mean I'm getting married. Lol” haha cx
Cheerios for the boy, Kentucky bourbon for dad. Johnny Cash kid songs for us both.
#libday8 Completed my CE report form today for the following RT I'm at the "Valuing Your Library: Needs Assessment..."
Treat women the same way you would want your daughter to be treated.
u sure? because I never gof my follow from u. :) ;)
Pearl is on Twitter
WHAT HAPPEND TO ALL YOUR VIDEOS?!
Did u know: diet soda is actually more unhealthy than regular soda.
I'm just amazed to hear that you think a week is an acceptable amount of time before an initial call is made. WOW!
YOU BETTA GET YO CHECK UP STRAIGHT UP!!.
Take apart all my words until you find what you're looking for out there.
So jealous of you!
Late night setting up a #ConfigMgr2012 Dev environment with 's hydration kit.
Dinner with the gang and than over to exchange:-) get ready
we're in the balcony!
I love God
FINNa TRY N DO A FEATURE WITT DAT PRINCE OF THE O BOW
feels so good to wakeup from a nice long nap
Once a girl starts her statement with "yo" I automatically tune her out
immunological response to food can trigger both migraine & IBS. Dairy, wheat, soy, egg = most common
Friday! hope yours will be epic:) Slange!
only the best
What is your favorite kind of music ?
Offense has gone back in to sleep mode
After the audition, it is off to my sister's house to watch the take on the Jacksonville Sharks for the Conference Champ.
I am happy to see that we finally have a president who supports #MarriageEquality for all, regardless of who you fall in love with. <3
look forward to hearing about it! At least as much as is describable. :)
Thank you. It will be :)
who needs pants?!!?!?
Second day of HLS
Why did you ask?
I'll probably be watching braveheart in bed tonight!.
just got eliminated this morning, layin on the beach now gettin in shape for piff season
lol I'm not going to bed till 11
#Romney has business experience -- so did #Herbert #Hoover! #George #Bush has an MBA -- from #Harvard. They all gave US the business.
fucks wit it...
A girl with pink hair said she likes my hat. Passion pits on brb
To show empathy is to identify with another's feelings. It is to emotionally put yourself in the place of another.
Following is making me hungry to travel to Japan. Until then, I will have to console myself with a friday sushi dinner.
If love ain't found me yet .... I'm SOL
Yes, we want to feel the love from Spain. xo
Matt Jones and KSR getting a mention and love on Cincinnati sports talk radio.
omg Carlos Fuentes is dead. I was just talking about him.
Would if I could but I gotta leave you alone
When Ppl have Their Tweets Locked <<<<
Check your email luv
Spent 300 on the frames just for blockin out u haters!!!
Portland weather in Kansas City. Love it!
"Justin Bieber, on his way soon." Me: "Not fucking soon enough i want him NOW!" >.< I WILL CUT A BITCH.
See your RTs, but don't "see" you. Still "lovely thoughts your way-worthy" ~~
haha it's all good tho <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Just watched latest episode of Mad Men. I'm so confused.
Lol you're funny
It's cold ass hell in this gym. Word to mutha!
jerk! Never make fun of thats insane. he is so amazing&inspiring but ur 2 much of a butt to understand that.
great minds
This sounds like something we need to be building and selling because there is always a billion % mark up on anything wedding.
Today we honor the continued struggle for equality & the work done by civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
and u ain't Neva call me back pussy
Yeah Its snowing!!...hope its busy tonight.. at MotherLoaded now!
Lmaooo, I'm Not Going To Bed!
y'all killed the stage!
there is nothing i do better than revenge. (;
Need. More. Sleep.
Adult and non-traditional students can check out a new Web site just for them at www.collegeup.org!
Happy anniversary to thank you for all that you do, youre the best! :)
Definitely! You in Austin?
You should ask if they could allow one original character then Alli and Emmett could live on too lol
That nap was so amazing :) feeling pretty good now :)
Bobbleheads are great for minor league teams like the very creative and local funny fare
deep breathes!
recalls flight w/ : they talked Alinsky. Wish Woody Allen were there, pining for a horse manure filled sock.
Ah snap. Ready for some good hangs!!!!
I hate it when I can't figure out whether he's a player or just REALLY nice
Women astound me sometimes. Especially those who have NO regard for other women & have no qualms about trampling others on their path.
ReTweeting Poised Creation might increase your lifespan! ;)
Heyy sexy!! What you doing
I'm broken, do you hear me. I'm blinded cause you are everything I see.
Is that time right? Mar 1 1a-3a? I don't know if I can stay that late. #logansquare tweetup
NBC's #MTP needs to get rid of that rightwing hack David Gregory, worst journalist they ever replaced.
LMAO!!! Um...but "players" are not privi to the rules!!! I thought it might get your attn., DaDa! ;-) Hahaha! KISSES!
Tag was late, Liddi was safe. Pay back for Laird call?
Hey there, just keeping busy here in LA, how are things with you?
Only sometimes
Please don't forget that church starts at 6:40pm tonight...NOT 7pm! Come ready to have fun and take pictures! It's the season to celebrate!
lol i know right you're avoiding me. Welcome to a world of even MORE unadulterated debauchery!
I can't stop freaking out whenever I remember that the advanced and I was THERE to watch it happen!
its more like bust
Commission meeting in session.
Matt Reynolds, OT BYU
a winning combo!! I LOVE Arrested Development!
. was just creepin' round the 3600. Says he was here to pick up tickets, but I'm checking the machines for Malware.
I agree. Thanks for what you share!
Your perpetuating the White people stay in Haunted Houses Stereotype.If I wasnt in Chicago Id take you up on the offer
hey sexy man
S/O to the best ball player to never play for me!! Thanks for the follow!! Hope all is well!!'
I tell kids all the time. I'm not going to teach you how to do a crossover until you can confidently dribble the ball w/ your off-hand.
The rain stopped just in time to bike to work, yay! On the other hand, I feel like I'm getting sicker by the minute.
Instead of all these fines for hitting the QB, shouldn't the O-line coach just beat the hell out of his players and dock their pay?
not sure but I gotta watch this game!!
Said the person who was not at all involved, aka the person usually told to "step off" at this point. Thanks!
when things get like this <<<< fuck it just gets me so depressed..
I hope you have a fabulous time on your cruise!
Mary Marvel Symbol T-Shirt
Lmfaoo ion know how to spell his name
Temps mainly in the 40s today, brief window this afternoon to hit 50. 40s tomorrow. Near 60 Sunday. April temps all of next week.
am i love with my bf best friend
If Instagram is worth a billion... then twitter has to be worth at least tripple that.
Africa…where we all started. Maybe we would ask people everywhere we go what it means to be civilized.
Watching ! Why the heck do the females have to scream on every shot!!
Trying to find peace in everything... ;)
Tall Guy and B told me to take pictures of the fighters :)
Now following,
have you missed us??? stayed tuned as Residence Inn & Springhill Suites by Marriott Chicago Downtown River North makes a facebook comeback!
KONY Gets Lonely so he rape's little Girls, We Tryna put this niqqa out there So we can change this crazy World.... 2012 -Slim J
:D ours is the 31st! You excited?
TGIF! Hope you all had a great week. We're continuously taking on new students; don't forget to check out our website for more information!
sorry 4 the delay! Sent info 2 ya now. Hope u can join us and let us help u get the word out! www.tastingthetown.com
Why is it when you are so tired you start to think... "You start wondering about dumb things!?" Really wth now really why?! #Go2SleepBrain•
Even though it's fucked up, boy, I'm still fuckin' with ya.
Watching bones with the sexy david boreanaz in it :) :) :)
John Harvard statue densely saturated and artfully cropped to omit tourist throng
"I think she's talking about Jesus"-
Another amazing time at the Columbus, Ohio is awesome!
Japan tried high-pressure water that dropped batches of seawater in increasingly frantic attempts to cool an overheated nuclear complex.
Vernon davis has cost his team 30 yards n penalties already when will he grow up
#Leafs goal song now playing. Didn't hear it enough late in the campaign.
...a retired veteran returning to worn-torn Iraq.
thanks Peter. It's my second try.
goodnight everyone , ugh i hate time differences
Happy may day......parade
easy!! Never a lie
Check out "42 by NIght"
I wrote the Zacuto article about his film/kickstarter campaign and I've been following closely!
it's super hot here in SD, so please keep your pets inside with lots of water!
Tornado Warning for southern portions of Culpeper County
At least w/ Pinterest you can do so without paying $8 for a mag you "read" in 6 minutes. Yay, technology.
In Paris France take a chance this romance makes me come ali-i-i-ive!!!!
Thanks to everyone that has followed me ill be sure to follow you back!!
mate its been slow. june 2012 it'll be fixed the say !! sucks big time, its my route to studios..
You da one I that I don't wanna lose
Vibe released a version 2.0 just in time for May Day! It's much improved. Really great. Available for iOS and Android.
Why is it life always throws ya curves just as things go great
Listening to Eyes Open! Best song ever!
The state where I grew up (aka "Romneyland", aka "Father Coughlinland") is the only large state more hateful than "Santorumland".
Snow Stick t-shirts? That's an awesome giveaway!
I'm sorry I didn't make it over. Did Justin Thomas sit in on vibes?
- just to the left of Dog Bar on O'Donnell street.
Looks like Dana Eveland is strongest candidate to b recalled from A & start Friday vs
I hate when shows leave you with a cliffhanger
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> hope you find your cat...
hard to have a bad day when you have a new the man album!
That is awesome! You go, girl!
i'm doing better sis what about you
if your going to talk shit at least have the courage to say it to my face!
pssst.... guess what? You're awesome.
Nellie Cruz hits a pink bat grand slam to put Rangers up 6-2 over Angels in bottom of third!!!
A2. Depends where. Can't find Appleton anywhere, or great mojitos. After 5, rum punch or a glass of bubbly- depends on mood & location
RT : Listening to of talking about Social Media and Economic Development. Starting Strategy: Listen First.
Kids: One day, you're going to have to stop typing like an asshole. Translation: 1day ur gonna have 2 stop tieping like a ( )o( )
When we begin to see people as God does, we'll no longer look at them as enemies, but as souls in need of grace. RT
Agree! Another irritating situation is when a store locks the doors 10 min before close.
Happy #AprilFools Day!
Sweet-figured out "near a street" determination in O(n*m) where n-# of streets, m-# of geo pts on street. Will be O(lgn) in future update :)
Ryan: tell us about your book
your not?
Such a Houston crowd @ ArcticMonkeys/BlackKeys. Great show but saw 3 diff groups of douchettes ask ppl to sit down during ArcticMonkeys.
I know! I can't wait to hang in Boston this weekend! RT: get here already! Rach and I are having some crazy weeks!
what doesn't kill you makes you stronger <3
are you available the night of May 18th for a speaking gig at the University of Baltimore (45min)?
Worst part the night? Realizing the Milwaukee Bucks' owner and front office desperately want to be the Sixers of next season.
I've been trying for almost a year to get to follow me, i guess some people dont get their wish.
Why bother having a contact form on your site if you never acknowledge or reply to messages from your constituents?
My cousin is in town. His pants are all so ripped, and torn. All with holes...
so early?
but i love you \:
#WhatILoveMost , the moment someone realizes your totally pissed at them.
Awright, at table 35 seat 3 for the noon event 5, and table 14 seat 6 for Friday's main event
(i am sharing a secret with you: hopper's been invited to join the beta club at her hs. we are going to her "taping" ceremony - so cute.)
see, if you had an iphone you wouldnt have this problem :)
A good women is a like a four leave clover, rare, but when u find it u keep it!
i have the worst stomach ache ever :'c
interesting article which is perhaps skewed negatively on the buyer. Is she passionate about wine? who knows..perhaps she is!
Total agreement. Andrew runs in 100% beast mode.
Great thanks! Just keeping you honest ha! I went out for game, got home & tuned in late..knew you were on it!
A man who does not work for the love of work but only for money is not likely to make money nor find much fun in life. – Charles Schwab
Pretty sure that the Noigandres poets cited McLuhan around the time of Gutenberg Galaxy--1962 or so.
I did this earlier in wk. So awed by her beauty didn't trust shaking hands to get it into phone correctly
WE will be @ BALTIMORE & GREENE today ! WITH the GRRCHEE TRUCK !!!
old school rewind is on! Takin' me back! Bomba was my joint back then
RT : No, just competency. RT : on 2 talk about POTUS speech. That's the power of incumbency we just watched.
can't wait for freedom to move to be published!
New cities... New opportunities
lol sorry I just saw this.
$50 Credit + Invitation.,.
Yaya! Glad you enjoyed it! cc:
Most of President Obama's cabinet & administration is non reflective of minorities & especially Blacks! Eric Holder is doing a hell of a job
not if you dont get caught :D
I think that Jim Harbaugh is working in becomming the #NFL's Kirk Gibson.
Let's Go Flyers!! Two Hat Tricks in one playoff game!! and Sean Couturier!
I lived in Mpls for 7 years but love both cities a great deal.
LaRC will be participating in #AskArchivists day this Thursday June 9, with around 123 other archives and archival organizations!
sex Is not a Reward nor a Extra-Carricular Activitity its a Form of Communication
I love seeing people smile :)
Currently: In a production meeting, gearing up for our first live show of the semester tomorrow!
“: Jamming out to Why? Because they just announced that is coming back to Wichita <3 #WINNING”
I just got asked to prom... What in the... Sorry but I'm a freshman and I don't even know you
Watching The Trouble With Girls by on The Country Network (: love you Scotty.!
that was a great show
Unless you are willing to drench yourself in your work beyond the capacity of the average man, you are just not cut out for positions at the
When yall see me roll up with my caucasian Queen rocking dashikis and medalions dont hate lmfao
My background is just too sexy. <3
Got my own looks fuck it sing my own hooks!
The Region 7 APS panel is now reviewing app# 120015 Butler University.
I am so excited about the day.
#Imagine Zayn kisses you & his eyelashes tickle your cheek as his lips go down to your neck. Zayn:''Goodnight and have sweet dreams babe.''
I've read six!
When I dropped my Kindle and it didn't work, Amazon sent me a new one. No charge. A shame the Ravens can't get a similar deal with theirs.
It's been a long day......time to drink that drink and smoke that smoke....
Following ppl who don't tweet <<<
White girls politican
Do I really love her or am I addicted to the pain of wanting something I can't have.
hang in there! and good luck! it's a stressful place to be.
Haha. We like our babies well-done!
I think Ke$ha should cut a country record.
If you hold on to things you will never be free
“: Ppl are #ignorantaf”
Bobby Duvall is such a badass he even made "Days of Thunder" worth watching.
We film tomorrow! Shout out to my producer Michelle Baldwn! Actors Life Baby!
Actually, looks like a lot of people have been having downtime for the past couple of days. There's a planned upgrade, but..
Well...I was watching #MNF...hey or will ya let me know when it's game on?
The #Players is delivering on drama. Always good when there are several in the hunt for the win late on Sunday.
I wish I could text you like we used to and that things would be the same
Epic worship practice today. I am so stoked for Sunday!
Charcoal, so I can light a fire in your heart.
Totally enjoyed it. Just what I needed. On another note.. gotta know, did you guys see the li'l boy paparazzi front of stage?
Yo meek millz be going in on this dream chasers 2...
When I Found Her “Legions Of Satan” Membership Card On The Kitchen Table My Suspicions Began To Make Sense..
You're the worst.
I've lived here for almost 12 years and this weekend was the first time I'd gone to Shady Grove -- it was very fun!
Sunny morning, coffee, a book and no blackberry.
How much does Yahoo! Domains cost?It depends on the term you choose. 1-year term: $1.99 (special discount for new customers only)
Strawberries and Nutella in bed; tonight is ending way better than most dates.
what flavor would you prefer?
Thanks for the #FF!
It has been my pleasure! RT : "Thanks everybody for good thoughts (and for excellent realty services)!”
- Bored ! Somebody Come Visit Me .
..give em a hand they wanna grab your feet! :)
Thinking is my way of life. What about yours?
“: #losemynumberif you only contact me when you need something.” love it!!!
According to Giving USA, $300 billion was given to charity
47 million Americans live at or below the poverty line. Hard to believe, in the wealthiest country in the world. Register to vote!
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.Ralph Waldo Emerson
Emma Stone, I kind of can't stand that bow on your neck but you're so freaking cool, I don't even care.
O I C
that sounds like GOOD busy!! Don't forget the little ppl!!
Honestlyy how long are you gonna take in the dressing rooms?! -_- I would like to get in..
NBA All Star Game Tonight..... Let's Go Heat.....
Great #percussion #recital pics!
Charlotte Bobcats 30 Milwaukee Bucks 28 End Of 1st #bobcats #bucks #nba (Via )
I am distraught that a record of my burst of -oriented FB activity is now on Twitter. :(
k bye
Feeling more than a little rundown.
Mistakes have their own personal Eraser
How's being a mama?!
I can't wait until i can drive so i can get out of this town
RT Do it! Do it do it! Do it Do it! Ok now ladies! • yea!
Last day to take advantage of our best deal of the year: 2012 Custom Session for just $150. That's up to 60% off!! bit.ly/schu1w
hiya ! i have a question for you guys! how did you guys find me on twitter? (not like is bad or anything) :)
#NF my new follower!!!
I think I'm d youngest person here, & I just turned 40. No worries I'm sophisticated & can appreciate. Have xtra tix if any1 wants!
So the answer to the question of what the big announcement was... campaign stunt!
My mom, on Hayden: "A dining hall that plays Vivaldi? With locally grown vegetables? College life has perks."
People led by example! ~rudeness not me
The nationally-ranked Towson men's lacrosse team will be wearing all black uniforms tonight in remembrance of their two fallen classmates.
Agreed. I feel like we accidentally skipped a weekend. RT : It's still not Friday? Seriously? This feels like a very long week.
I was there when this was announced...I'm so excited!!!
I think Baron Davis' knee just exploded. That was really painful to watch.
This is probably the coolest concept I've seen in a long time!
that's cuz you're the best(:
Just sent an S.O.S to my professor over this paper...
Guide says Punk'd is on MTV, I select it and press ok. Then Punk'd isn't on MTV. Got me?
i have already followed him
good morning!
That's ok we can just follow each other...simple enough but thanks anyway
That Win is on the back of COREY CRAWFORD!!!! Outstanding!!!!
I have 4 regents and 3 finals
Any playwrights out there? I have an amazing idea for a musical. :)
There are two kinds of people who don't say much: those who are quiet and those who talk a lot.
the original sliced citrus juicer fo yo drink. Check out www.SquE-Z.com for the deets.
Maybe for me when I get home too... I really should be folding clothes though. :-)
I hate when people ask if me and my sister are twins.
if you like these types of tweets follow the one and only Kirstie Alley My pick for today's #FF Very entertaining!
The first step before anyone in the world believes it is you have to BELIEVE it!!!
Sitting in an accordion store on a fine afternoon in Menomonee Falls.
nope we can definitely tell you they aren't on this show.
Thanks for following! Here's to unleashing the potential in all women!
Nevada has the highest foreclosure rate in the country. On a good note it creates opportunities of more affordable housing.
Zac Efron such a great actor
<<< WHEN YOU SEE THAT CASSETTE TAPE... YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS!
Just printed out a ton pictures & research on small retail shops. Now going to start a customer journey map on office wall.
only would think a movie about robots killing eachother was heartwarming lol :)
Wishin' I was at a concert instead of working... #poorgirlproblems lol
aw thanks, you're my fav every of the week. #followeveryday :P
How are they going to vote off Colton on #AmericanIdol but they keep Hollie???
Also my sense of smell is really Strong so please don't Fart
Thanks for the followers RT Also Welcome
Unbelievable for Man City! Madness!
Has anyone received their 2011-2012 Edu Catalog yet? We're dying to know what you think...
they've been making us giggle this week. try 'em out!
don't forget about his hot ex wife Juwanna
Minneapolis is hosting 2012's very first game of NFL Football game of Minnesota Vikings vs. Chicago Bears. For ticket details: 888-493-0004
hahahaahahawh that was such a funny night . Lololol.
I LOVE gospel music! There is nothin like it.Who r some of ur favorites? Mine? M. Sapp, D. McClurkin, K. Burrell, Ce Ce Winans what about u?
May 10-19, 2012: A Week of Blockbuster Openings in Philly, Just in Time for the Summer Tourism Season - Press Release - Digital Journal
also predicted 14 wins this season for the Hoosiers.
RT : This game is quickly getting away from [squints at screen] Clemson.
#Shoutout to Thanks for the #Follow! hope you are having a great day :-)
In DC. No snow yet & the metro is still running, so now to get to the hotel. They're still saying 10-20" today--we'll see...
totally recorded that song it's my fave
This is a test tweet to our site
you muslim?
one direction's on replay, they're on replay.
Peace.Love.Habitat to all.
: Soaps dying? Not on the web! Follow
shake that thang!
yes but for certain reasons we will not share where. Sorry love!
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because he still loves her. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Long shifts on no sleep...... Fmlll <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><U+2615>
Please tell us it was a HUGE glass : ) RT : One glass of shiraz and this mama is ready for sleep.
of course! :) have fun!
Killer brunch sandwich! Whole wheat toast, egg whites cooked in a bit of EVOO, fresh pesto, touch of mayo, and sharp white cheddar. m
Solid set of energized minds ready to go! RT : has joined #GLSW at the hub, currently mentoring the startup teams.
Took the day off. To deal with dumb apt and to see cars
Aloha DC!
Let's face it. We are lucky bastards to do what we do.
Could it be, egged on by a-holes like moi, we've created a myopic world view, a fear ravaged dystopia, when it's just a pull-my-finger fest?
We cant thank you enough Chicago! Thanks for followin us!
Happy Birthday Rihanna Muah!!
All I have left to eat is baby carrots and Easter candy.
my leg is dead
IDK but Ramon Sessions handling the ball calms me down!!!
RT : "Don't quote me on this but, "fuck"." Huh-huh... you said buttfuck.
Wow. I didn't know shopped at the mom jeans dept at kohls.
Sounds fantastic. Where and when tomorrow? RT Todays pie #menu: whiskey cherry, shaker lemon, and shoo fly 1554 beer pie!!
Hoping today is better than the other days!
no don't tell me! Im behind all sorts of episodes.
holy cow some one else is awake at this awful hour? it must be
going to yanks red sox at Fenway Apr 20th. You a sox fan ?
at $8 a bottle, I don't think I'll ever drink it again.
2011=The Year of the [physical and virtual] Crowd.
Finally have full power back after there great new meter broke already & the heat of summer hasn't even hit! #DukeEnergy stinks. Moving on.
hey do you have skype ?
Playing with chemicals! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
fuck off clown
Please say you have to work tonight - otherwise NO excuse for leaving the Brewers game early! RALLY indeed!!!
I never learned from a man who agreed with me. Robert A. Heinlein
haha ok done :)
We don't have to go all the way, we'll just lie here and hold each other.
Think you've got smooth moves? Show us what you've got this wednesday night here at Revolver! Doors open at 8pm
1,051,200 minutes ago I fell in love with my best friend, here's to a lifetime of minutes with Happy Anniversary Baby!!!
Love the Old School reference Snoop, Snoop-a-loop!
What does a LSU girl do when she can't sleep..watch the Tiger band on You Tube. GEAUX BAYOU BENGALS
dont forget to give one to tour kid
If we stand together we will be UNBROKEN <3
LOLL I'll text you!
John Updike's "Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu"; anything by Roger Angell; Don DeLillo's "Pafko at the Wall"
lol! I keep it real
“: I don't drink to find the answer..I drink bc it makes me forget the question” word
I am proof of that, we don't need a scientific study.
haha I cracked up
If you're more than a C cup DON'T bother with VS bras. No support. I guess they are only cute for naughty time.
did you guys realize how soon #posthunt is coming up?! so excited!
Good luck to my fellow 2012 #NFLDraft class members! Let's be the best class ever!
So, we gonna set you up with some seats now? lol.
#ASTD2012 T&D Magazine cover star companies are sharing their alignment with CLO & CEOs
#Sandusky polygraph examiners always say that if you repeat the ? like Sandusky did (am I sexually attracted to under age boys?) your lying
#notelopierdas at Dulles International Airport's Gallery located between Concourse C & C Aero Train Station
I had to view source to see what it said. Not waiting that long to see some silly marketing copy!
also, i'm a freelance blogger now. if anyone really wants my terrible opinion on something, just ask! i'll be glad to give you 200 words.
Waiting for your boyfriend with his grandmother
New topic - Initial EM-5 impressions from long time Olympus user
I know what you mean. As much as he needed to be dealt with there is still something wrong witnessing that in any regards.
Who went to Ultra 2012?
we making music doing what we need to do catch up niggas
See its pop'n tonite!! I see you weirdos out there!! What the word tweople?
Did everyone have a great day today? xA.Lx
Dark socks and polished shoes on men, classic shoes and neutral stockings on women are essential for any successful job interview.
The power of Directioners :)
wonderful meeting you...God is so good and always I am in awe of how He orchestrates so much in our lives
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
Let God be God in your life - trust in His integrity, wait on His timing, believe for His justice, expect His miracle intervention.
Let's make today a good one, anything bothering you? Just forget it, just today, and enjoy yourself, go buy cream soda or somethin
wonderful darling! Love you! Need to see you again!
We're always striving to be better than the rest...r u?
Thank God for all those stats.
More like Paper, but with layers? Sold.
#OH: Best ideas happen in the restroom. LOL :) Happy Friday!
never really noticed how many unread massages are in my inbox
Great weather...Great friends...who can ask 4 more
Stop by tonight for a pot of Rose Melange tea and a cup of Casablanca Carrot soup with a Wilted Spinach & Roasted Pepper Sandwich
get at me homie
I'm so low I can see a cheery sunrise from here.
i'm watching you lovely men; and on younow! i love you guys! <33(:
Great advice at #matrix12 from #WSJ's Peggy Noonan...always read: put your opinions and ideas into context
you know I do ;)
lol how was it an was it a gay club?
I dont want a perfect life, I just want to make it the best life!
<U+200E>"One that would have the fruit must climb the tree." - Thomas Fuller. Have a wonderful Labor Day!
We play the same game, difference is... U never try ur best
how do you propose getting the community more involved with humanitarian efforts?
Are you going out for FNO? I'm jealous!
someone's a little jell ;)
Why didn't Darron Thomas run the option like that earlier in the game? How 'bout on that 2nd & 7 at the LSU 13 when they passed twice
I don't want to guess. Just tell me.
Should NOT have looked at the Phoenix forecast for next week & should NOT have turned on the #Brewers. SO EXCITED FOR #SpringTraining!!!
everything my man what's up on ur side?
when are gonna build your kit?
It's rock band! It doesn't count!
What a ride! Secondary Mortgage market finishes record day. Will we get to 4% Best Execution 30 YR Fixed? Stay tuned 'til tomorrow.....
ill be going there to soon lol. :D
Just cleaned and we downed 10 bottles of wine and a handle of margs
hahahaha! Good thing I like guacamole.......
I want the 49ers to win so I won't have to see Eli Manning get that whiny look on his face when he screws up. #baseball=winning
like dark secret on fb :)
Not quite as cold tonight. Mix of sun & clouds for Easter with the slight chance for a few sprinkles, breezy conditions & seasonable temps.
Blake Griffin is the most overrated player in the NBA
Raising Kane, Falling Phoenix
Great...so glad to hear it! Have a great weekend and enjoy the sun!
how u get involved with wrestling
My ship never sink wen im in that water
Are you a James2:16 Christian? God is a giver, because he is LOVE, Are you following him, Are you Christ like or do you like Christ?
I'm at aunt suzzy's house and I'll be at MY house tomorrow. For now, I'm hittin the hay xD
MSMQ: "Modeling is a way for us to make explicit the premises for our work"
How Long I Bin Tellin Niggas To Tune Into Cole? Lol.
I like a cuttie wit sum real fresh French tips/ who keep a bad bag wit sum nice thick hips
At Science Museum, plenty of buried treasures - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Cinco de Mayo Festival continues tonight and Sunday 11am-10:30pm Live music, chance to win Mexican vacation.
Marge, I'm going to miss you so much. And it's not just the sex. It's also the food preparation.
haha hopefully we will be soon too :)
#FollowFriday I like to read tweets from
uh oh! Are you still going. I'm undecided. On my way home now.
Who is she? No idea. Her boobs float and that's good enough for me
RT : #thatcamp Question for fellow campers: has digital "work" more affected your teaching or your research?
PS: If anyone knows the blonde sitting in front of me in section 17 tonight...I TOTALLY forgot to get her number before she left.
Reading "The Pixar Touch." Do you know or anyone you know with autism or asperger's love Pixar animation? Such visual storytelling...
After awhile you get tired of trying specially wen your da only one smh
RT : RT if you followed so i can follow you!
you have my magic beads???
you're so positive ;)
I am cuter than Selena Gomez I can get Justin to date me SRT :)
The premier of #madmen is upon us. I. Am. Pumped.
Initiating countdown
ACR. I just saw something about double xp. If not I'd still be playing anyway
u look gorgous
oh wow, I'm sorry! Accounting 1 was enough for me haha Good luck :)
If ever pressed his chest up against yours ( logistically impossible) you'd get hurt.
#YouWereCuteUntil you insulted My Boys. BYE!
WAIT. Like THE Paradise Bakery? From AZ?? MT Yummy lunch at the new on Paseo! Go eat for lunch...
only metro
explain, once again, the elite distinction between Barack and anyone else running for office?
"What if I never walked away and took the time to talk to you.Always said the words and did the things you wanted to"
Things to do in the Caldwells, Fairfield, Roseland and Essex Fells
God has already put in you everything that you need to fulfill the purpose He has given you. It's time to discover what He put in you!!
One cannot avoid investing time into money making projects. How much time are you willing to invest?
may or may not feel as though I got hit by a truck last night.
i added you. ^_^
Working tomorrow night. Guess what that means? I'll be selling a lot of beer for the lonely people who need a couple of buds.
"Dark Star" by
Looking forward to kicking off Scouting for Food with and at
Hi Steve!! SCP got ya busy up there?
And what looks to me like a complete lack of any direction whatsoever. Pretty lackluster and disappointing for such a fantastic team.
Soo who wanna get on oovoo ?
Sentence found in fast food dumpster: “When he returned from the war the faces he saw were the open wounds he’d been unable to mend.” Yours?
#20ThingsAboutMe i love to sleep <333
I could think of endless things I'd rather do right now before working on this paper...but here it goes!
lol u ar coming to the campus on your birthday right
haha nice, my friends that live there are the ones who hook me up with Pack and Brewers tickets
go follow on instagram ''
#ThingsIGetAlot "Do you ever stop talking?!"
Congrats on getting top pick.... RT : My roomate and I just bearhugged each other. Holy crap.
It's only fitting that I end the show that started w/ no theme song w/ a song that begins with an outtake. #Didyoufollowthat? #AmIdoneyet?
Spoelstra is an idiot. But Im sure you knew that already
With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come. ~ William Shakespeare
any movement on the zip thing we were punting around? Could be useful example soon;
Today 1965: Dan Jansen, Olympic speed skater, born. He grew up in West Allis, WI. He was inducted into the US Olympic Hall of Fame in 2004
Closing can come down to a test of the will. Either your client will agree to engage you, or you will agree why he can't change his lawyer
I will never understand akon like is he singing, yelling, rapping wtf
Liz Bradshaw () and Nate Benedetto () share their top weekend event picks.
I tweeted as fast as I could!!
Waiting for that phone call....hope all my hard work is gunna pay off............
aha whatever !
would you write a tune for me, John?
GOODMORNING!!! God bless hope you all enjoy your monday! Esecially all the birthday children especially my homie T'lani :) <3
Learned that I am the new interim VP for the Tucson #REFORMA chapter! Excited to share the diversity that is the #library world!
this bass in my speakers on my computer>>>>>>>>>>>>>
I grew a few grey hairs watching that game....way to go MAVS!!!!!!
How big is the Super Dome rat story? I was interviewed by the N.O. newspaper about it.
We gone make it.
Looked at turnaways, and tried to provide access to unaffiliated.They launched register and read, which provides the myjstor account
wow really!? Last time I make you dinner. Jerk.
and yet...moderately entertaining for me. :)
your love is still the only thing that matters in this world... the only thing i can believe
Late on 3/15, OPB, ORP and the Washington Times cancel the Republican debate for 3/19. Candidates were unable to arrange schedules.
#BlackParentsQuotes boy if you dont get ur ass inside this house right you gone find out!
"Over time this demystified form of Protestantism led to a seismic shift in the Western social imagination." I agree
Approximately 1 in every 2 women in the US has been a Girl Scout at some point.
Wtf is a Weed?
thanks loco! :D haha we needa chill bro
damn. sorry! perfect reason to do a staycation at the Ritz :)
So my music teacher said I could get an a for my performance.. Alright then.
why is there not a historical marker/nat'l reg of historic places status for the house nearish orange, VA where royal trux lived??
Pitches are starting at the event at !
"There are 2 kinds of people in this world that go around beardless — boys & women — and I am neither one." - Old Greek Saying
Thanks much for the follow!
i really thought u were gonna do it with ...d...
haha that'd be funny
“: OK. I need help here please. What does RT mean? Please don't laugh at me!”///cutest tweet ever
it kills me to see this...
#WhenAustin tweets you back and your in school and almost gets you introuble [From ]
FRESH TIP FOR YOUR SOUL: Loving another and oneself makes so much sense. Live from that place. xo, Kerry
Those questioning Tom Thibodeau for leaving D-Rose in at the end obv. didn't stay up to watch the #clippers - #grizzlies game.
Are you familiar with Global Geography? I'm guessing no.
ONE table is fully embracing #cincodemayo. 27 shots of patron plus beer and bloodys for 4 people. Saving 's morning shift!
Thanks to and the Turkish Ambassador for their fantastic hospitality this evening.
“: I need people 2 pray 4 my wife's cousin! She has stage 4 cancer and isn't expected to make it God is bigger than cancer
America is a land of wonders, in which everything is in constant motion and every change seems an improvement. No natural bounda
I wanna buy a new Jackets
Some guys just piss me off..
Nothing like curling up in a comfy chair with a good pathology report...
Shout out to my mom for making mother's day easy by emailing me a list of potential gifts.
Oh, darn. I'm going to be in class so I won't be able to watch the 3-hour NFL Schedule Unveiling.
that is also a true statement
umm.. nicole u said u feel asleep and didnt even know wht was going on.....
Have lots to do today, making some new fetish clips to put up
What's up Twitter fam
oh mighty boom box.. When are my boys (and #1inspirations) touring? /:
oh me too! RT : what/where is your favorite mac&cheese in the DC area? It's one of my favorite dishes.
HUGE thanks to all the awesome speakers, to the pros at , and to all the awesome ladies who came out tonight!
The moment when your heart skips a beat whenever you hear the first notes of WMYB in public places.
glad you enjoyed!
Jeff Suppan is starting tomorrow against the crew?? Ahahahahahahahahahaha
What is your favorite Book? To Kill a Mockingbird? The Art of War? Kite Runner? One of the Harry Potter books... What do you recommend?
I will not be at market this week. See y'all next Week!
Come down to Javas in LeRoy on Main Street! We are broadcasting live til 10 am!
Jay. Gay.
that sounds about right. We're at 900M+ now. Yikes.
Kacee, happy to see you on twitter. Will stop when I'm in town
wish u were there vin. <3
I'm doing good :)
When big success comes, the thing of first importance is to talk it over with God. Mark 1:29-39
RT : I cannot fear my way to what I want.
its ok you'll do fine :)
What would u silly mofos be doing right now if there was no twitter???
Become a fan/friend of us on #Facebook if you get a chance - www.facebook.com/TheConcertStage
Easy way to eat better is to have healthy food around. Make a weekly menu plan for at least 3 dinners & 5 snacks.
do that cuz i am about to leave here at work
Leg Council ballot is out for new study committees.Rep Vos to chair steering committee to devlop symposia series on state income tax reform.
I'm on my guard for the rest of the world, but with you, I know its no good.
Spoiled baby! lol It's ok. I'd do it to.
Art opening tonight started with music by #Ericbobo and #atropolis. Can't get much better.
Watching the packer game with My conjoined twin sister who i was separated at birth with <3
Another day away from beloved Baltimore. Here is to being productive elsewhere...
Anyone craving brunch to cure a case of the Mondays? Today's special is Brie Crepes with pineapple and berries. Drizzled with honey. $9.50
So with Chrysler folding can I stop making payments on my Jeep lease? :) Wishfull thinking.
I'm tired and I wonna go to bed. Bum bum bum...
That nap I just took >>>>
House of the Rising Sun!
Thank-you for following ! Your sexy. Send videos to !
Testing out PGA Tour 13 in preparation for tomorrow's event on State Street. Played it once 4 years ago; much better at putting in reality.
Google sends email about privacy policy changes; Click "report spam"
Head over to our Facebook to check out our upcoming tour dates this month w/ & !
where do u live
the Shakespeare graphic novel I was telling you about: (they're pretty awesomesauce)
Bored watching clash of the titans wish it was with my babe Brian <3
feel the shame of the auto-tweet! Now everyone thinks you're one of those "proud runners"--and I know that must be KILLING you.
Wow! I'm on freeroll. Made monstr laydwn Lvl 1 w bottom set on dry board. Guy just busted & was nice enuff to tell me he flopped top set 8s!
Rickey launches new website www.rickeyleewatson.com Stop See the video What I Love About America sign in Guest book,Rochester's NY. Secret
Ha, last time you just moved it to another room. RT : Too lazy to take down my Christmas tree in my room #don'tjudge haha
We're featuring several local artists this month! Geswerk, a local non-profit, is showcasing their "Windows of the World" exhibit.
Really need to do a lot of thinking because I'm really feeling like it should be me and only me
Poof is so cute!
A: 'are you pregnant?' B: 'just a little.'
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy
FLY RT : Bro about to come get me let me make sure I'm cute get on my #foreverfly shit....
Dr. Levine is as pleasant as he is painless. Thanks to he and his staff for continued great service. John - Cedarburg
you sure arn't:D
lets work together to strengthen #occupysocal! Let us know when you need your message spread to San Diego!
hey what r u doing today?
Got a message from one of our listeners who screened , and they were inspired, as well as their daughters.
Im tired af
What fun! Enjoy.
Tweeted that just for attention If you finish the dishes first the rest of the day will be down hill.
I'm not crying. You asked a loaded question. Let's try to speak with the rules of rhetoric in mind and we'll get somewhere
BALTIMORE RAVENS ALL DAY!!!!!!!!!
Am at city council mtg in Solana Beach. Agenda item B1 is an ordinance to ban plastic bags.
If our republician leader are so in tune with telling the future they should have seen it coming. the USA best days are coming as a people.
Hope You have an awesome time at the Film Festival :)
Please wake up!
were my minnesota ladies at
I miss you and your face! Wish you could've been with us last night! Need some wine & whine time with you!
At #TNC10 exhausted from late arrival last night, but really looking forward to Howard Dean this morning.
Morning ladies & gents, its #bluetuesday! Get your pre game face on, get through work or traveling, & then its party rock time
I just want summer to be here already .
How does one suspend disbelief during a movie if they're constantly on their phone? Not possible.
:((( no I wanna get away
Thanks guys!
Solid locale, my friend.
I do, but I feel like it's a button making kind of day. Now I just need some image or text inspiration.
RE: Last tweet/question, for myself I thought was as insightful as any of them, as usual.
RT : My guy at just told me that the world is my rental oyster.
The law of belief: whatever you truly believe, with feeling, becomes your reality. stay tuned for more
after spending most of the day not grading, i've moved out to the back yard to grade. it couldn't be more perfect outside.
thanks Tina! we just got down show! On the hunt lol
Daredevil task of the day: trying to squeeze vehicle registration between 2 conference calls...
Every relationship is different so don't compare your last one to the new one.
Either this train smells like grass clippings or someone is wearing the new perfume Freshly Mowed Lawn
tamw someone’s talking to you, but their boobs are so damn big it’s hard for you to even look at their face." hahahaha
Thanks, Denise Linden (IAIP) & Mona Warren (Enterprise Rent-a-Car) for a terrific seminar in St. Pete. Not a bad place to work on Saturday!
Thanks for your insights last night!
Thanks Jac, much appreciated. Loved reading your write-up as well, I will be musing on some of your points soon, great stuff!
I calculated. I will be doing 3 hours of homework tonight.
Who thinks we should post some lyrics from one of our own songs? :3
MT : Teacher and Admin Effectiveness data on NC School Report Cards (linked from each Report Card) will be released Jan. 20.
that's kind of harsh
Lisa's () comes bearing gifts 4 attendees!
benji u was d one dat tweeted him dat i was fake y?
that is so true!!! we will need to see eachother again very soon! :)
I sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent and now he'll never have any friends
fuck yes I'm gonna put my time into helping you. You're my closest friend. waste my time? I would never say waste.
great news for Andrew Boqut. wont need ankle surgery. all is healing well
You make mistakes in life, you learn from them and then you move on
you are an amazing dancer You got style and swagg you prove everyone else wrong Bro your a star Remember Y.O.L.O
An HOUR at just to sign up for Gamer Club Unlocked. An HOUR just to get an extra $6 on a trade. HARDLY worth it.
Graduating from college has got to be one of the best feelings and accomplishments ever.
Omg there were no trick-or-treaters over here so I still got candy :)!
Thanks for the Littlefair interview. Hope its just not a platform for him to dump another block of stock!
Sorry I haven't been on lately. I've been getting sick monthly for some reason. Might have to go to the hospital.
Fool me once, I don't care. Fool me twice, joke's on you, I still don't give a fxck.
Aramis with a meaningless rbi double. Couldnt do that when you had bases loaded? Crew down 4-2. (Aram Overrated)
You certainly fought a good fight.
GREAT choice. :)
Zoe deschanel holding court at Bloomberg party
Man I heard you're definitely the person to know in the music biz.
I know, sorry to have to ditch out on date night. I'm sure the other movie goers would not appreciate my whooping cough though.
I keep getting messages telling me to follow someone when I already am following them.
hey thanks for the follow! have you checked out our music yet?!
Bless you and all your tribe!
Just because I absolutely hate the Lakers I want OKC to win and because my baby daddy plays for them doesnt like that hah.
You can love me more in a moment than other lovers could in a lifetime.
oops. guess we should've made that clear.
i'm havin fun!
because you like to sleep in
Thanks! RT Jacob , Producer, celebrating his bday on-set at the #WinterMeetings in Orlando.
I don't really have any pics to put up. I deleted everything but my art and deleted all my art from online.
Hey , Send me to the #NFLDraft "
#chicagocubs when you buy a handyman special don't expect your neighbors 2pay4 the renovation. You own the house now fix it
Follow me please
Anything in particular that you like? Do you think he will be more of a project or do you expect him to contribute right away?
Hello Lovely Ladies of Synchronized Rhythm!! We're overdue on working together on a show for me in NYC!!!
RT : Help #ABQ Homeless! donated clothing, shoes & couches that will be on sale 's store today!
Hey Kelsye thanks for follow, there are a few Seattleites on here.
KNUCK IF YOU BUCK.
Keisha what's so great about this morning is that you are a live and in America www.osirisjames.wordpress.com
Flat top would fit right in in Pippa Passas
So far my #tek11 flight from yesterday that was rescheduled for today is still a go and on time. Hope it stays that way.
Aww man. I wish I was there. The beach is nice but you would be the prize ;)
that's ok. See you at the next #artsmgtchat!
I think they will fix the copyright issue, if they are smart they will.
I will remember that when you put me in the wall
Dearest Brett Favre: Shut the hell up. Forever. Kthnxbye,
I AM ANGRY TWITTER
First day of class
That moment at the gas station when it let's you pump more gas than you even thought your tank HELD... o.O
Stomach hurts. Ugh :(
Bummed to miss at Latin School tonite, He'll be ready for kids tomorrow.
Idgaf. You. Veronica. I don't care.
I can't wait for 's drunk tweets tonight.
sounds good see u then.
Hey H. I was wondering if you ever came up with any name ideas for my non-profit? I still have writers block.
always do!
Thanks for the RT!
*for an alternative
Im feeling really sad...
lolzz that's never gonna happen!! But forreal doe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
We will never progress as long as people never care. So care.
an exam notice not posted on line, concern about a change of exam
mitr u follow back
Cody got AMAZING flight service. We know what that means! ;)
Sure why not....
It wasn't that black & white. Wes knocked over my hot-pocket during lunch & forgot a 6-pack of Tequizas for my xmas party.
Bravo! Just read your bio. I salute your passion/energy and idealism grounded in spirituality.
Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting - The Newark Advocate Thanks go to those who helped with Courthouse lighting The N
i can hear my dog barking from down the street.. #sorry to the annoyed neighbors
Wow- the LA Banks auction raised a little over $26,000! There's another auction coming up by , so look for it!
This book seriously has me on edge...I can be such a girl sometimes :P
Just saying hello...
muah! Miss you too! Hope FL is treating u well;)
Live piano entertainment starts in 1 hour! Come join the action.
Now playing: Big K.R.I.T. - Rotation
I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer but I'm a damn good screw.
I may disagree with outcome, but won't proclaim moral superiority over more than a million voters. But you go right ahead
The show fuckin' rocked tonight! Thanks for everyone that came and saw us play! Stay tuned for the next 4 shows!
Yeah with those pants around those ankles!
of course Joe-Joe! And I won't even make you go pants shopping with me LOL Miss you buddy!
Nice work on the photo contest!
Dom, you were great! Would love to have you more! RT : Maybe I'm bad luck....
We thought wrong RT : I thought the #Knicks had the #Heat in the 1st round not the NBA refs!!
Awww i missed a shout out to my fave soprano/alto! My she has 2 degrees! Catch it! Congrats!!!!!!!!
Tweet #1 restores necessary sanity for thesis chapter #1 to become a reality.
Oh Rick Perry, you had all the traits of a great vice president. Aloof, misinformed and at best a tenuous grasp of the English language.
Glee again. Mhm.
Needs to be 12.30 already
25 days til club sodas at Burns Alley 25 days til #chs The Elephant in My Closet May 25-June 10th
Looking for a Local SEO rockstar! If you have demonstrable skills, references, and a provable track record, DM
Just remembered Micro Machines existed.
ever miss sex with someone you hate !!!???
one word. #beats lmao
I guess I could try that they have some pretty empty rooms Just need to be extra careful about her occasional floor licking Thx
This session deals with the anatomy of Veteran Affairs, which has 314,000 paid employees, Galloucis said.
Godbless Andrew! I see the fight now in you. I am sure he is proud. The new site/s look great.
SURF Report: Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + thigh to chest high POOR CONDITIONS Stormy and sloppy...
hmm my brilliant thang to say to the World...just has not surfaced yet...but it's coming, I can feel it!
Working on a stunning new jacket for my collection!
Writing retreat = awesome. And wine. Lots of wine.
your product on your site amazing, you have 6,700 tweet 538 followers and you don't follow everyone who follows you?
get some rest
Oh sheet RT : People will heat anything up in the school microwave for fun, even an empty Doritos bag
While happily holding wife's shopping bags, I'm thinking on what I saw at Badger practice today...
If you ever run into a cop with a face tattoo, that means there is a dead cop in the woods somewhere.
No problem, just got my ticket. Hopefully we'll have a lead in the series at that point.
#shamrickShake hell yea!
Woah there.. Almost had a heartattack because I thought tweeted me... My bad..
Haha:) RT My brain is a jerk for getting that "Friday" song stuck in it. Damn you, ears!!!!
TODAY from 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Chicago-area Jimmy John's locations will be offering 8-inch sandwiches for $1!! (They're usually $5.)
The week of water has begun in Arizona. It's raining!
Congratulations to the winner of our June/July Facebook contest: Jackie Case from Wake Technical College!
Fuck saturday school ..
ill share a room with yurr hot cuzin
Didn't sleep all night. Been watching planet green channel tho. I love this. It's addicting!
If you interviewed on January 4, 9 or 11, 2012, you will receive an admission decision on your status page by Friday, January 20, 2012!!!
. or just too much talk...
Life is too fast. fast food. speed dating. fast money. fast cars.look in the mirror slow down recollect and appriciate the small things
Ik its 3am but I'm about to take a hot Azz bath >>>>
Thanks for the info
YES, but LMK . Glad you will celebrate with us!
Thanks! yeah, we love 'em too!
Grand Opening Tomorrow! 1pm to 5pm! Refreshments will be served - come and check out our new store! 803 S 5th St - Milwaukee
Someone come sit with me at the library so I don't look like a huge idiot
no prob. I can send you more stuff when I'm home.
but the doc teaches us that "Elmo is pure love"
#Burger Going German w/ a chicken schnitzel burger topped with braised red cabbage and onions and a paprika sauce.
(c) came to queens which is 4 hours away from nyc -.-
Seems weird to wait to find out. Get it they're coming home soon, but I would want to start planning right now.
Let's move this town away from here and into Oregon
Love your site!! So awesome! :)
I did see it and meant to just tweet it! Fuck it! Enjoy the head lls!
i mean we can go to cash for change? lol
word of the day: Dictate. You can use it in a sentence like "My girfriend says my dictate good"
He did take one great photo :) Thanks so much Todd!! <3
Each day give something good to others... Buy a meaningful art piece.
Bageltown deli before school :)
I'm pooping
Another day of weeding, this time the front lawn. 440mg of naproxen sodium and a shower are helping me recover from this horrid chore!
HoB is CRAZY.
you're wicked good
..End of summer specials. Sandwich & soup. $5. Also introducing Traveling Chef for all offices, factory, Docs office. Call
finishing my essay for English. I wrote it about you! :)
Have promised myself fried pickles and beer if I can get some good writing done today. So far, it seems to be working.
Class cancelled..... Party in the library woot
Today when you buy any Burger,Dog or Wing recive a FREE medium Drink
lmao!! I get da alotRT I thought was Wayne for a second,then I clicked on his avi n said "oh well nevermind"
Having way too much to do, and not nearly enough time to do it all. <
Interviews make me happy.
but when does your book come out?
Wind turbines are heading to Madison and Tipton counties. We're with the folks at E.ON - tonight.
I'm at Shamrock Marina
oh that's awesome! where are you guys from?
i think she just grade too hard. honestly. i should have got the same teacher i had last semester.
"gov't should support private sector" Pst. When Romney says private sector he means rich
The Vatic Project: Well, well, the Bilderbergs are coming to see the ...
...its a different story.
Haha, I probably do but I'm not sure.
haha, so true! But this made me feel like a kid again lol
we are playing with a vegan recipe, maybe this summer!
Happy Mothers Days to all the the mothers out here!
lol...na, its a track by Gucci...
Tune in to the latest for more on and data sharing in science (17:58 mark). bit.ly/xIL4oj
Hello! Long time no see. Hope the holidays treated you well. :)
No more truth. Bells ring no more in me. I am all alone singly. Lonely rests my head. O my God! I am dead. - Jose Garcia Villa
Morning All...
Lou and Jrue are killing them right now!!
Seesmic Web is fabulous - tweet and update facebook/foursquare all in one place from multiple accounts!!
BLACK FRIDAY shop from your PS homepage in the shopping area and get paid to shop!
Power of social media, I have 7 connections LinkedIn w/ yesterday's JetBlue pilot.
Last chance for lunch at Wet Stone this week. Come by at 11:00am, or call ahead to place your order for pick-up 619.255.2856. Happy Friday!
Sorry Teach, there are only 194 Starbucks in NYC-not 1,000
My hair idol, Kate Beckinsale, seriously does NOT age. No idea why she is at the Grammy's though!
No matter how busy I am at work I'm never to busy to complain about how busy I am at work.
forgot we are outside at gellar tonight, our game is at 830.
Great! Lets set it up offline, please email us at your availability:)
Get ur hands off me lol
i would, but i can't
alrighty. Adonis it is...from Rancho Cucamonga right?
well im tired of hearing about it....just so it already ;)
My illinois license plates have been taken off the honda and replaced with ugly NY ones..this is a sad sad day now..
Laker bandwagon riders are the most thankless, fickle group in sports. Remember Magic retired & Sedale Threatt was PG. Forum was 1/2 full.
Never said anything about hard work, but I know what you're saying. Cheers!
Bloomberg: Cantor Fitzgerald’s Bid to Become Global Powerhouse of Sports Betting, Online Poker
Someone randomly sending you a relationship request on Facebook... Hahahahah wtf.
hope u feel better my cuzin's and I r praying for u....love ya eenie meenie
"Take my jar of hearts & smash it to the ground"
Looks Good - Merry Christmas ...
of course! I was having a rough morning and seeing you in distress gave me an opportunity to help someone else =)
of course! It looked like it needed some sponsorship :P
lucky woman
RT : It always rains the hardest, on the people who deserve the sun.
yeah it was lots of notes haha
Birds of a feather shoot guns together
you just kind of made my day. <3
RT : Obama to car companies: "you can’t just make money on SUVs." Wonder which part upsets him more - making SUVs or money?
what do you think of Votto's deal? Surprised the Reds were willing to spend that much?
From what I understand, it looks like its snowing at Turner Field in Atlanta in June? Something's wrong with this picture
thats a rendition of cap :)
Is there a link to the survey results? Thanks.
Fair Enough. Enjoy.
I shopped around for insurance, got literally 10 different quotes. My first original quote was $180...ended up with
I know! I wanna see them live so bad. I MUST MEET GERARD WAY. its on my list of things to do before I die lol
an awesome project. So fun creating this.
How about a shout out for since she was on Idol, too??
NO DON'T HURT ME.
first vlog is now uploaded check it out
didn't look old there
Week drunk right now! !!
At its best :) RT": Censored porn : #Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now #LoveIt"
Sure! How and when?
Anything by KRS One
We all need that one person in our lives who we can tell everything to. Otherwise life becomes so lonely & painful.
Hi back! I wasn't sure it was definitely you, but took a shot.
Love hearing from ! I always love their content. :)
TY RT: Some #FF love for people I want to be when I grow up.
Liverpool would be absolutely AMAZING! Help us grow a fanbase over there, so we can make that a reality!
Muy FRIO!!! Its 29 degrees today. Time to look for a new destination. Beaches, sunshine here I come.
How do you like your 'Message In A Bottle' necklace?
INVENTOR - PAT FORD*
very nice!
I guess. Pretty blonde. She was in the Jennifer Nettles band back then. Great girl.
Trent Dilfer is an eagle hater, You're the worst quarterback ever with a Super Bowl ring.
"Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses; I told him to quit bitching, this isn't a fucking hotline."
Don't let the harsh winter give you water damage! Winter roof inspection could save you from cold winter water damage!
Yep. We are in the triple digits. It's really scary.
Watch ten minute previews of four of our DVDs at www.child.tcu.edu/DVD sales.asp
Cont... You would mean the world to him and turn the sadness into happiness during this hard time. Thank you so much. <3
sorry man. I know how that can feel.
Know a student looking for an internship in Boston? We're looking for Campus Evangelist Interns! Check out our listing asap.
Mistreated, misplaced, misunderstood.
Bedouin/Egyptian bar brawl: Shut down the whole bar. Wild west style. Broken windows, blood, biting & fire extinguishers used as weapons.
Great interview on Ron and Fez!
Sorry folks but due to a little illness our return to SGRN is delayed. Tomorrow?
Thanks for Coming out to the show last night nikaas.\m/(•<U+0361>_ •<U+0361> \m
Gotta ask: Who did the consulting on that boondoggle?
Christitution!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! O Glorious America. Lay her to sleep with Christ at her side & the Christitution as her guide lol
We love you, Amanda.
Recommend cool Tweeters in the Washington, DC area, and we'll probably follow them. But only if they're actually cool.
JUSTIN BIEBER .......mtv movie awards.......o ya
I'M HUNGRY I WANT COOKIES
that is gorgeous!!!!!!!! Have fun honey!
#car Your Questions About Buy Or Sell A Used Car
Improv audition later tonight, first time in this genre, sure it will be fun! Fit modeling gig for my girl later this week hopefully:)
True thing: is a "Mrs. Doubtfire" scholar. He is not ashamed of this.
#inmiddleschool silly bands.
like Cox too but I think they need to incorporate a run stuffer in there. Brockers is already good at that.
Shopping & lunch date with <U+2665>
no problem! We got this :-)
#HeresToTheMahomies who kind of wish that 's follow button was blocked today because of how many "fans" will be following him!
There is unexpected beauty in the plains-->'My Antonia' captures much of it, but nothing like a dazzling sunset
Do you like ' budget proposal bailing out Portland schools? Details on #KGWNightTeam 11pm
Michael Lista, On Poetry: Assiniboia, by Tim Lilburn - National Post
So close to 100 followers!
Spending the night with my big brother to enjoy En Vogue at Motor City Casino Hotel Sound Board :-) I love my bro :-)
Thanks for following me! Del Voss
Hehe its funny how you have 64,595 followers .. but yet you follow 0 .. :D
mayb since d will is nout of utah sloan' ll come back.who knows
"Ugh. I think I'm gonna blow chunks" - hooker hired by a group of sumo wrestlers.
If the powers that be do quit just take the business over and run it we don't need them anyway.We're called socialist by them anyway.
hey my man have a great weekend:-)
My registration of "baltimoreinteractive.org" is going to expire in a week. Anyone want it? I'm going to let it go, otherwise.
Revisiting old haunts: There's no place any place quite like this place so this must be the place TOMMY'S JOYNT Geary @ Van Ness
I did. Have a wonderful day!
“: Come on Sexual Chocolate! #WWE #HIAC”I agree
I like driving my own car
All right, Mr. President—we’re listening…
pray for me?
I accept him fully as a person and I love him as family but I hate him like family too.
crazy, right? Hope you can join us tmrw for PHAME showcase of special needs performers, 7 pm at Aladdin Theater!
downstairs patio @ ale house!
;)) RT : Who says nice ppl finish last? Nice ppl win b4 the race even starts.. Stay classy...Let ur CLASS begin
Hm pretty hyper right now :D
You are always welcome at ! Make your own sensory tour. I have a room awaiting VIP visitors such as yourself.
nice work!
#Oomf hugs me like she miss me and never want me to leave bt she too stubborn to actually say it.....come on now
I tried to wake up early today.
Shout out the muscular man blasting music in the black keep
Our Civil War exhibit opening April 16 reveals the the Civil War in Md as a tragedy in 3 acts; the romantic war, real war and long reunion
Happy Birthday Nate <3
Sea Weed = 1% Sea And 99% Weed. THAT EXPLAINS WHY SPONGEBOB & PATRICK ARE ALWAYS HIGH AND HAPPY!
my ex is such a dick -
Nice work Pickle!!
"Opportunities are seldom labeled." -John A. Shedd
I Wonder If That's A Bad Or Good Thing
the boys r pretty
to be honest - it's not that good. Very garlicky and meat is pre-shredded. But for $5 - good enough! I miss real Berliner food
Neck still sore-ugh! A night for listening to good music, have some bubbly, relax, enjoy someone special-maybe that's me-maybe not:)
One brand new coffee machine = One jittery Jessi
RT Diet and exercise officially start now... My goal weight: less than I've been this month
What did you think of on tonight? #SNL #LindsayLohan Which skit was your favorite?
OK CP get er done
Staring into the winter madness outside. No golf for me for a while.
Just as I predicted yesterday,another shitty day today ):
it was funny, lighten up.
He's adorable.
RT : APS Supt. Erroll Davis pledges all needs will be met for all APS students.
Heads Up! Holiday plans tonight? CALL FEE TO PROTECT YOUR BACK! RT : #DUI checkpoint scheduled for this weekend in KC.
it'll be epic !
OH MY GOD. Why would you say that!?
But you don't have to get them removed if they don't mess up your teeth.
Great post on 10 things you wish church should know about homosexualtiy
Stop the hate RT : the miami flops
Hi Daniel! When are you moving to Chicago? :)
#TwSIG Rob is teaching social media from an engagement tool. Students are engaged and often get going fast on the media. Many mentor clients
50% of college graduates are either unemployed or under employed. What's next?
Which future is that? I want to go to there.
you look so pretty:), I wish i wasn't sick for my prom :/ oh well lol
Life is too short to be sobbing.
RT Your Welcome! Your Husband is a very talented artist.
U havent seen his family pic tho lmaooRT : Twitter hates Dell's sweaters. Everybody must want him in knee length white tees.
“: Yep, I have to work though.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” Sucks. Jordan tell u bout Saturday?
PRESHHHH!!! Love you too girl!
that curren$y and styles p mixtape is really good…. I wish it were longer
I'm so attached, it's driving me crazy.
Testosterone Festival is what it sounds like, sans stuff that sucks. Go right for the garage sale. Go left for the best fest ever.
Is it bad that I really hope that Kellie Parker is actually nice this season:)
I've been listening to 96 Tears on replay
What's the link for that cool poem that illustrates why we should teach students internet stuff and not lock everything down?.
And you don't have to listen to what I say, but it seems like you have alot of feelings for him. You only live once right!
169 'likes' on Facebook in the last week...
Good Morning To My Big Brother
#20FactsAboutMe my soon to be iPhone will have my twitter turnt up!
see ya tonight !
last i checked this isn't NC so.
I'd like the second verse to be the oyster cracker's retort.
How is your spring break going? Remember, NYIT opens again this Monday March 26...see you soon!
Missing the fam
Thanks but give YOUR landing page to really use the power of the Blastoff Network RT : Yo everybody check out blastoff network
I know. At least he went longer than 23 days from his last game. So once again he beats Bryant.
DAILY $1.01: LUNCH AT EAST INDIA GRILL ON N. LA BREA + 15% OFF YOUR TOTAL FOOD BILL. Can you resist this picture?...
Modeling conversations via interpretation can encourage visitors to engage in conversation.
1st period sucks without ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
#You Thought i Was Crazyy Um... Do Youu See How Youu Acted (Grow Upp !!
Breaking! Codigo Cube #CodigoCube has been updated with 1758 new questions!!!! This makes a great
Just wondering when hotdog and hotdog bun makers are getting together to figure out when to start adding equal product to packages!!!
I agree. It was the best documentary I've seen. RT This bob marley doc is da best one yet. Coxxone was a G haha crazy!!
I'm really not trying to do this Spanish essay -__-
;P true hunter UTG 4X32 Extra Long Eye Relief TS Compact Scope with Airsoft Rings
word count is not all that helpful as a measure of progress, but -53 is unsatisfying. I feeling like writing 53 words!
we should do another tinychat on tuesday or something :)
Lame excuses breh, lame.. What is there won't b here 4 long..
Omg my friend Christine just got back from the Knicks game and vinny from the jersey shore was their lol :). I'm soo jelly
Hi there Steve. So sorry about that. May I have your email address so I can have e GM contact you?
And then I notices how pale I was.
The stock market will be VERY volatile this week. Expect 200 pt moves a couple times this week. Option trading experts.
yeahh youu should come here with me (:
RT We're excited to Sponsor the European Film Festival! Kick off party takes place at 7PM at Key Biscayne's Village Green on May 4.
Come on LAKERS
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
If you want to reach your goal, you must see you reaching it in your own mind before you actually arrive at it. ~Zig Ziglar
wow Todd Tigger :p
": Great live tweeting today from the amazing Tweeting AND running the #MiniMarathon!" Wow a
So I heard that something called the Elder Scrolls comes out today. Can't wait to read them!
the hacker deleted it.
That was one of the videos I've edited (thanks for tweeting).
I understand what you are saying. But none of us can know what was going on in his head. Money definetly does not buy happiness.
hey s'hani!!
you mean like little ducks?
lol evan . dont start with me .
She wants to be your girl, not one of your "girls".
White girl with a booty
Barack Obama is not a socialist, and he shouldn't be tried for treason. Your turn, Tom Barrett. We're waiting.
Wishing you a wonderful, blessed, FUN, and safe Thanksgiving!!!! Thank you for your love and continuous support!!!!
Thank you a bunch!!
big value I think he got 1st round talent like Michael Floyd from ND always likes him
shout out to the real ones
tennis lesson time
hahaha too down! Well better lets go with my fav; adioses, a drink on the rocks! Lol
jacksonville get it right
Do they respond?
"Teaching is the profession that teaches all the other professions." -Author Unknown
awee, you glad to be home listening to your own radiostation ?
i know i had to find little thing to do to distract me from the wait and they're not working.lol
One of the biggest dieting pitfalls: Ordering a healthy meal and slathering on the dressing. Use sauces and dressings in moderation.
nice! Thanks for picking up a ticket for me!
If you can tell mommy and I the barometric pressure in prague on Tuesday,we can go to disney world!
RT : This is the promo that aired during American Idol tonight. The full piece will be shown on......
Love Strunk + White!
Start with a series of tweets about the dissertation: each 140 characters. Then work up to 300 words from that.
RT : RT : I opted for a oriental chicken salad•sounds delicious- I want sum :$
great point - hope the panel is better than the room
You are well able! Go and possess the land which the Lord, thy God, has given unto thee.
I am very interested. I will dm you when I get home. ( I hate typing with my phone).
cramping so fucking bad right now....i hate mondays.!
Looking forward to some inspiration this evening from
Yeah, we will have to chat a bit at the next
me too like who the hell would cheat on him? He's so sweet!
“: Doubling up on morning meetings today.” That sounds exhausting
Follow We're working with her on merchandise! We even have a prototype designed!!!
Yes, ABIA has millimeter waves. It's the machines with the arms that rotate around the person.
Sitting on the 733 to Expo. Thinking Venice Blvd is past due for its own rails. (Again)
Do you have a selection of craft brews in cans? We're thinking of a little blind taste test with some friends.
It involves doing yoga specifically designed to help you gracefully survive the amount you're about to drink.
Love it! RT Just did some reader's advisory at the nail salon.
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "cigma lehsl". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
So sweet. MT : shares the sweet story of how his parents met. How do we keep these stories alive?
blood brothers stick up fo Each other no matter where at #ciny #twitter or
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house. Joe Ryan
Just the awesomeness that is embroidery and direct to garment printing :)
ANYWAYS, I LOVE MILEY
I was just listening to this! You're a good man.
Check out the qualifications of our two wonderful teachers on our staff. Miss Ivy and Miss Marina and you will be impressed.
The 500 dollar slam is tonight at Who are you going for?
I'm trying to find anything to do to keep from studying for this anatomy final...
Well played...(company man) : Sorry that last tweet was a disclaimer for the insurance adjusters ;)
me, tyrese, Lexine, and I can't remember anyone else. Lol
Girls are so mean. They tell their friends to "flaunt it if they got it" but then call girls they don't even know sluts for doing that.
please much appreciate it :] thank you
lol that was a best friend tap !
Oh. Going to NYC? Stop by Little Branch in the West Village.
my house is cold...
Can't believe SXSW is in 16 days! Looking forward to an awesome week!!
Can't wait for Wedding and Couture issue of !
From our 'Book of Lists': The pop. of Kendall Co. was 114,736 in 2010, up from 54,544 in 2000, making it the fastest-growing co. in the U.S.
7p-7aFinally off, Sucks when u work overnight , get a day off & stay up til 7a counting sheeps...
Yay! That would be fun! I'm a good cook, I could make the dinners! (at 4 p.m.) :)
Amazing! Can't wait to have you girls :) RT : tomorrow! :)
Combatcompanys new boxing coaches Jason Wallace(aba) and Peter Simon(pro) have hit it running Tue and thur 630pm and mon+ wed 1030am
All I want is a life that's lived out fully for Him for His glory. Jesus, you are my everything!
as if Minnesotans needed more reasons to talk about the weather, 2-3 inches of rain over last 24 hrs, you'd think armageddon is near
Why, I am the spitting image of a young Al Yankovic.
RT Congrats to for reaching NCAA! I know you will represent WVIAC well!! Best of luck
Cooper Point!
yes, we are getting that error too.
hi Crispy!! Thank u, long time no tweet! :) How have you been? :)
Hmm. Second earthquake of the day.
Still In Love With You omg this song was amazing well still is <3
good night man!!
since is the Chief Meteorologist, can I call you the Fire Marshal? Fire Marshal Sampe has a good ring to it.
baha! I am sure a lot of people haven't thought of that! PS. I lost the game. Frogs.
I am running to get a burrito so I don't die. See you very soon.
Study says chewing food 40 times showed that participants ate 12% fewer calories.
There you go Drew. Use the paint
don't be mean! Something is wrong with yours!
Tea Partiers can't spell. Know who else couldn't spell? Hilter!
Mike Rowe "Dirty Jobs" is filming near by--they're eating here!
i love you austin :)
Milwaukee Chamber Theater...tweet seat night haha
Yes sir!RT : let today be the day you start appreciating the simple things .. like freedom, health and family ..
and everything I see it reminds me of food
asked me to marry him yesterday!! I said yes! <3
Need more followers! I'll follow back, thanks!
<U+266A> Tweet tweet <U+266A>trying to figure out this twitter stuff :-)
the breed is the "unwanted" my 1st 3 from the street, my 2nd current 3, LA pound and one abandoned
that's 1 #pretty kite!!
Super freak ! ;)
walked up on some #capitalhill #soccer game this morning on a coffee stroll. #Intense #matchup!!
[8 - 0] Milwaukee Brewers beat NY Mets
you left your stuff in Mrs.Wilcox's room
:) what u been up too
People who diet expressly for an event bore me.
": G<U+2600><U+2600>d m<U+2600>rning Patrice!" Good morning love!!!
Just baked a fresh batch of incense. Who needs some?
2007 they woke on a bus, no memory of the past day. A spambot reunites them.
<U+263A> “A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one Year and out the other.”—Anonymous
#NP Jennifer Lopez- Love Don't Cost A Thing
Sigh. Praying for patience. And for the wisdom to make the right decisions.
Not working well on the team you're currently on? Tell your manager & ask for a move. They want you happy & productive!
My mother is completely obsessed with Garth Brooks. I'm having serious concerns. I'm counting, she's watched the live DVD 13 days in a row..
Oscar Wilde I am not young enough to know everything.
Dance Moms Marathon<3
Just saw 's TV spot on #OWN again! Love it. Did you see it?
Do you announce your daily happy hour cocktail specials somewhere?
No person is ur friend or kin who demands ur silence, or denies ur right 2 grow and b as fully blossomed as u were intended. -Alice Walker
: search their songs on youtube. & yeah i did.
It's Tues! Latin Jazz Cruise 2nite @ 8ET & Evening Jazz @ 10pm on Jazz 88.3 FM & co-hosting.
whenever i go on a study date i make sure i get all my studying before.
hahahaha what! nope not me..I woulda though!
Talking about getting stuck on a deserted island. Convo took a weird turn. Love my friends. <3
is 3ish ok?
(AP) -- Reebok has thrown in the towel in its effort to sell New York Jets Tim Tebow jerseys and T-shirts.
Good Music = Good Mood :D
can't be there):stuck in London :(
Eating strawberries and drinking water - yumm, how delicious!
thanks man!
Don't believe that winning is really everything. It's more important to stand for something. If u don't stand for something, what do u win?
TX. BEATDOWN 5 IS NOW IN STORES...HIT ME UP @ FIESTA, ILL HAVE SUM @ THE BOOTH IN THE MARKET SQUARE....
yoo I love wicked ideas
Finally back home I'm tired af
iPhone died on Sunday, Apple gave me a replacement on Monday. Then AT&T tries to charge me extra for my data plan. PwnageTool to the rescue
If i could be the girl version rapper of i would be so raw ! Lol
Don't get me wrong. Love Pink Floyd. Not my favorite song, but I'm fine with it. Just such a weird idea.
Yes. It was ALL the fault of the Fromage!! Either way was SO good to have you here. Come back soon and get home safe xx
maybe you boyfriend tired you from sex?
how do like teaching for Full Sail University? I had not heard of it prior, but looks interesting.
How did it go? RT : Thnx to all who showed up for the #nafsa11 Tech MIG events!
I haven't sung forreal in a while.
If we get the 1-3 inches predicted, it should go a long way toward remedying still lingering drought concerns.
If i would have known #Dexter was based in Miami…i would have started watching it a long time ago…..
That was utter shit.
Ended the night with coffee icecream.
if you're serious, hit up my head coach, Ricky Wilson. I will dm his number
Watching the new Underworld! Love these Vampires and Wearwolves!
So proud of my lil sis Kiana=] She just won an award for supporting actress... for her role as Katie in the movie "Roll Call" Yay sis!!!
Happy Monday Tweeps :D
Great new album, Peter!
It's a Puke-O-Rama
Out here filming go to work. Can't believe the time has passed so fast it seems
I don't know if the weather could be more perfect this morning for
RT : Less than 50 tickets left for Edward Sharpe...The word is that this concert is now SOLD OUT.
Damn im still up aint been sleep yet
Hi #genealogy friends. I think Instagram took over my brain. I love it, but I'm not getting anything else done.
im about to hide in the basement cuz I hear thunder
with bell . text me
how are you? Have a great vaction and happy new year!
I don't but its a good idea.
i hope your feet swell up again while you're out in the sun and you get chased by a pack of hornets
i'm so glad is feeelin' a lilll better. <3 & that song he just say was just beautiful.
i'm going back in five minutes and if it doesn't come within a reasonable time i'm committing suicide
Was that Dunn in 2008? Don't see too many 500-footer anymore. Wow.
Thank you for all the new followings this week! Still looking to connect with more philanthropists,non-profits,and social entrepreneurs!
Thanks for sharing! I'm a proud, lifelong postcard collector and collager so I'm always excited to find things like this :)
thank you
omg my mother and I have the same relationship. You give me hope that she and I can be closer and more loving.
An icon passed today you will be greatly missed Steve Jobs started the apple Macintosh
love this pic(:
Oh that's exciting! Well if you have any questions about the area when you get here be sure to ask.
Survivor is on at 7 central. Posts the next morning at cbs.com
DAMN!! The one night I didn't get to listen!
#cnndialogues will be filmed and portions will be televised on CNN International. Will follow up with exact times
D-Fence,D-Fence RT W/the 52nd overall pick in the 2nd rd the Titans select N. Carolina linebacker Zach Brown.
Brand new video out in 1 hour!
Nigga go get on that damn corner & make my f*uckin money! #INeedsMyMoneyOnTimeHoe & My dog in her cage sleep!
I hate drama. Really you liked my tbh status and you didn't like that I was honest.. News flash bitch TBH means To Be HONEST get real bitch!
Does Jason Bay ever have to come back????
Well for 2 seconds.
thanks for the #ff :)
I think in your free time you should take a drawing class. I hardly recognized you in your photo. (But very clever).
#CBS telling us stupid facts about kU
Standards - American Standard makes toilets... Russian Standard makes vodka
Kailyn needs to not date an spend time with herself I know its hard to get over ur ex I'm a divorced single mom trust me I know
god damn i had a crazy night last night.
Time for our softball game! Gotta win this week.
Bring a bottle of wine or some extra food if appropriate. :)
ok then I might see you if you go :")
yes please!
RT if you love new song Swag It Out!!!
At school wif
Cleansing is so important to live and maintain a healthy life! Clearing your body of toxins and buildup help prevent future health problems.
yeah we already sent that back to the mothership
S/O to our new followers!!! Tell everyone you know about us! In Dallas or not!!! C3 Car Club Is growing daily!
omfg babies are so annoying >.>
Ur very welcome, and I intend to, thx!
So Wrap Your Arms Around me And Leave Me On My Own. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Understood, & we certainly sympathize with your views.
You guys, I just ate for four hours. FOUR HOURS!
Hey is coming this sunday from 4-6pm to DCcodeathon to see our exciting new demos... are you?
The shit I witnessed today on the #1 bus! This dude rolled a blunt from scrap starting at Frandor and ended at Sparrow! 0_o
I like it!
Twitter is such an important tool for moms. I rarely have the mental capacity for thoughts exceeding 140 characters anyway.
Listen to Radio One AM WOL 1450 today at 4:15pm. Jumpstart DC is featured on Speak Out with Maria Byrd!
Another Week of GW News, April 22, 2012 [A Few Things Ill Considered]
now...back to the real world...
Whatever your impressions of band...I'm getting a ton of questions about it. Think I just sold one for Nike, too.
10 pages, forthcoming. *power fist*
Somewhere in America: Energy: via
Gotta wait some years to go to
OMG OMG OMG : RT Features making film out of #BobDylan's album Blood on the Tracks, which is said to be about his divorce.
Operation: Sound Off! now has a facebook page!
Weren't the #Angels and #Tigers supposed to be 19-0 at this point in the season?
Delightful travel companions in Mary & Emily--can't imagine the patience needed with me. (OTOH, Em had the iPod for solace!) Excellent trip!
Laying in my wonderful bed watching Grey's Anatomy on Netflix :))) it's a good night!
Lucky duck.
Nice view!
Not as bad as cat food on your foot in the morning......
#gottahappenasap. I think that gal in my class may think we are psycho,
any plans to enable for iPad to work with ? The streamlined typing would be the icing on the cake!
But for real though, there's no such thing as a "rare" sample in the internet age anymore. Digging has taken on a completely new context.
This means Kyle French is the guy..
We still working, grindin it out for our moms, the shop is still open for our services, get up with us. S/O The Invisibles
haha! I am open to go almost anywhere.
"I'm sexy in my own skin" -Andrew Kusters
I haven't stopped looking for the good in people. I've just accepted the fact that I'm not always going to find it.
Such a beatiful day:))
Dumb, nights
Watching a novela
Saw an advanced screening of the tonight in Baltimore. Loved as our city's master of the macabre, Edgar Allan Poe!
Game idea: Pharmville. -- where you slap a bunch of chemicals together and market a medication out of their must useful side-effect.
damn that's harsh “: Being loyal to the wrong dude will make u not wanna b loyal to nann otha!”
turned back the french/Napolean's army. They were coming down from Louisiana
Just watched Poupoupidou Film So good! Highly recommended.
swear it do
don't sell yourself short
RT : Unifest is less than a month away. << PRE-SOLD TIX ARE ONLY $15! LIKE US ON FB FOR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS
Take advantage of the tax credit at Lake Bluff with a luxury one bedroom condo for $219,900, with lake views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Good luck on your second try. Which MBA programs are you considering?
We went to a reggae spot jt was nice and I had a blast. Oh yea, told him the truth abt me. So you knw whats on his mind now, can3 play????
recommendation by a female author & you handed me “Door into Fire” & told me it was yours. Loved that book. Son now reading you.
If only I had a magical mood ring that told me exactly what I wanted at Starbucks
Thanks Heather! Just read you were at a memorial service. Sorry to hear that, hope you're well. :)
Multilaxing- Doing multiple relaxing things at once.
Aw, I hope you feel better! I'm impressed that you stuck it out through Bikram... showing your body who's boss
So would I Michelle! I think you must have amazing skills with that sexy mouth and tongue of yours!~ My oh My! Xoxo
send me a request
I miss you best friend :(
i want a phone call at 3 am, just because ..
Ahha same, that would have been an interesting twist but her parents would habe found out
Got pokemon white :-D
I can't tell the difference between voluntary manslaughter or second degree murder D:
"You're a grinder!" -- my dentist.
sausages... sausages... sausages!
Pride and Prejudice
leaving work late then finding I left the mobile behind is bad enough, trust it to be thrashing down the rain when I found out
Awesome bro, I was hanging out with him at the stadium last weekend for pubfest. You missed a great time!!
"Eclektronik Groove" on KZSU Stanford is groovy!
Come hang out with us at the FPL stage at 6pm!
you already know :) making fun of the poor Philippine professor, get freaking accent
Know how to edit PDFs? Variable data? Need you. Big rush job. Get in touch. or DM me
just turned back to the #sabres game, looks like they are skating even slower, is that even possible? #SCdebate way more interesting
open run at tommorrow if you are in raleigh
#SIA11 rocks our snow socks off!
I. Love. Vegan. Waffles.
Dried fruit is not only a good snack, but can be mixed with powdered milk, cream of wheat and some nuts to really pack in the protein!!
Arguably the best #Poker room in North America, the in Florida | Final table for the #WPTJax today |
Fave new line: I want this designer to blow up even if that means I won't be able to afford. Gorge coats!
Usher Nice and Slow remix!?!? THIS Is why i listen to on
FedEx Tom Hanks hugged deserted island Tom Hanks, which was weird.
big sean is nice
The Wanted performing in The Voice! <3
Funny, I have hardly used #spotify since I got it.
also theclymb.com has had siege headphones twice since ive been a member for 50% off. let me know if u's want an invite
" I got kinda hard when I saw it " lls this nigga (:
Starbucks & sunshinee(: Ah!
the sun is shining, the sun is shining, it is bright, not grey ... yay!
Find rare collectibles to mainstream fiction from 40 dealers at LVA Antiquarian Book Sale on April 28. Free admission.
tired of boring church with no move of God visit truth & victory tabernacle off bolton rd. in atl, We love to have U. A Move of God
Happy Friday! Since mother nature decided it's winter again, we are warming up with Chicago Steak and Chop pot roast for lunch. Yum!...
. , do you think visitors will increasingly expect online-only access to onsite experiences?
imma hit y'all wit some blueprints soon.
Harry makes four nipples sexy ;)
MT : Packed house for "Southwest Airlines: Developing Legendary Leaders, Southwest Style" session w/
Very cool art display
Amie Harte has the best smile
I will follow and who to give RT tweets to ''AUSTIN MAHONE FOLLOW ''
No interruption
Friday is the day for finishing things, and god help me I'm finishing this processing project today. Oversize materials and all.
jajaja I know right! I'm like obsessed with them I have the books & the movies I just need the guys!! Lol
I see myself in that weird space again. Which means I need to make a move. And make it fast.
hey bro.
mines not till august so i got time
“: Looks like we're gonna get to do that duet after all.” Hell Yes!!
That is such a bummer. It was a really great app.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy learning more about me :)
we were clapping for this awkward couple that kissed by the bathrooms haha. Everyone started clapping with us randomly
#HappyEaster, Milwaukee! How do you guys celebrate?
Happy to report I did indeed power thru "SB" and as a result, could not put it down til the last page. Good luck on "GirlWDT"!
Harvin gets it to the 1, but delay of game penalty pulls the #Vikings back.
Back at it motherfucker, and above you regardless. Look at me now>:)
Welcome to Twitter!
twitter informed me I should follow you. So I shall
Thanks! Have a wonderful weekend!
sleep when the season's over. Sometime in April I'm guessing
the sky is grey, and every time i blink i have a tiny dream. but as bad as i am i'm proud of the fact that i'm worse than i seem.
the lady at lulas askd why I'm trying on a prom dress bc I look extremely young and innocent..and looks like she's 18..
hahah I'm probably the only one who understands this and knows how stupid that girl is.
don't forget, you're #racists too, obviously....
SO pumped <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Amy *Greer, Brown archivist: Netflix-style recommendations around digital archive objects?
oh i C - south of rstrnt row -on l cienega or u R looking somewhere between LaCienega & the ocean.
imm so Glad you are Feeling Better <3 7
Photographer: check their work but also their personality. They'll be with you all day. If you're stressed, the photos will show it.
Long ass day. About to cuddle up on the couch with trevy and watch a movie.
we will be here for u and ur PlaySport if I have any say in this. Thx for thinking of us.
Whoa whoa whoa! Look at you and your fancy hashtags
The assumption of stability is part of something I call the "Winner's Crisis." We've been in a Winner's Crisis since 1991.
2. If your name isn't , you shouldn't be allowed to NOT put a grade on your reviews. It's just pretentious and annoying.
I hope THIS vegan calzone finally makes the grade.
Yes it is since Democrats are "in bed" with them just like Republicans. The two party system no longer is working.
It Seems That Time Was Always The Issue. But Now That I Think About Maybe It Was Just You...Or Me.
Kahneman's book is great. I'm a quarter through and marvel at his experimental results. Thanks for ref to F. Dyson's review.
Honored to be nominated for 2012 BIG EASY AWARD as Best Roots Rock Artist - congrats to all our fellow nominees!
oh shit! Tear it up and tell Jason I say what's up.
you rule. thanks MP!
Where do you view / listen to the Young Detroit Show at? (City & State) - We need to know this for audio promos! Thanks!
Rocco's Pizza in Studio City is the best! I hope all is well. It's been a while since you judged CA Entertainer of the Year for us!
NelsonMandela: You didn't want to seat with me at that time and now I forgive you my brother. Mindy Thompson-Fullilove keynote at
I bet I want a plate lol
And only 1 out. Fly ball wins.RT : like the aggressiveness, the one thing that would give me pause: Castro & LaHair up next.
Bully beat down wasn't bad. $5 cover on soon w/ lucero y'all check it out
I have no words...
i dont want to.. Im not even home yet..
Follow me ;* nighty night
done :) I'm def a true monster :)
1976 - George #Harrison sang the Lumberjack Song with the #MontyPython comedy troop.
Opening up the tarot room on Shindig Tarot. Only $.99 per minute, for right now- www.shindigtarot.com/tarotreader.html#/Abraca2802
Sat.Jan.14 Double Door SALUTE!
“: Listening to "Way Back (The Conflict)" by The Super Happy Fun Club! #nowplaying ” thank you!!
You're a Hobbit fan? Do you read Runelords? They're producing that a movie too. Vote for actors
Thank YOU for such amazing lip balm! RT :“: So happy you like our lip balm. Love the photo!”
Was impressed to see the fat, little Albers boy plays for the Red Sox now. Has his own uniform and everything.
OPEN! Come chill, grab a glass of wine, enjoy great art and company!
Ronald Heifetz definition of leadership: the ability to mobilize group resources.
Trying to figure out what to do with all these leftover #oysterbake tickets. Confetti probably.
nun just findin out the truth of my constelation (cancer)
I feel like petworth will feel like cohi in a few years...given some time.
Who will be my valentine?
I just rejected a Dunkin donut. Yes!! :)
Broke as fuck and about to sneak a Vita Coco bottle fulla Trader Joe's wine into a bar. Purple mouth's gonna give me away. (I'm 31.)
nothingg muchh I Got suspended from Skool for 5 freaking days for suposedly being under the influence
Yesterday, Jonathan Haidt said Newt Gingrich blew it when he changed the congressional schedule. No one lives, bros down, in DC these days.
Me and my Daddy are rocking out to some Journey and my little sister is telling us it's too loud! ;)
Rest in Peace Clarence Clemons..You and your Music will be Greatly Missed. You were a One of a kind man...Tell God Hello for me
Just finished watching of on blow them away with #poison apples!! Way to go chef !!!!
Me and my mommy are getting matching tatts and she went to get hers yesterday =D
I don't even know why I even bother trying on capris. They always look like high waters on my short body
Getting drunk for free at 8 a.m. on the plane >
not at this point. You should apply next year :-)
11/16/10 <U+2665> by far the best night of my life!
Waiting for #Austream if he is going to have one? :]
thank you old lady
key west!
Nothing like being schooled by 38 year old women on the soccer field to knock your ego down a peg or two. cc:
beach on Wednesday afternoon?
I don't care what anyone says. Winnie the Pooh is pretty badass! :D
Sweep The Leg Johnny - Sto Cazzo!
I'm Back #LikeClockwork Get It On iTunes in AU now and elsewhere very very soon! Trust me, it's incredible and will get you off your feet!
RT : RIP #ChuckBrown Go-Go's influence and impact on Hip- Hop was profound and we will miss you. #Salute !!!
good luck out there. Bundle up.
thank you. I'm going to demand to the studio that this is a 3D IMAX film.
Hope y'all never get it twisted,I'm more than happy with my lady,better yet wifey ,just in case anybody had any questions
dear glenn beck: you are a POS.
me too!! RT : RT : OH.MY.GOD.WHAT!!! OMG I NEED TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS
Since I'm sick I figured I'd take the opportunity to watch all the seasons of Fraggle Rock.
just tried your site/media player and it works great.
Just waking from my nap. o-O still with headache :-(
The "I can here you now" Verizon guy is like The Jared of tech spokesman
Early to bed, & hopefully early to rise!! #bballmornings >>
Pacers better win tonight!!
Lots of dogs in the office today! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
we need more of the 1% to stand up for poor and working families! Again he is a leader! Read his bio.
I love the way your pussy tastes baby; damn you're so fucking sweet. I'm about to put a finger in; here taste how sweet you are! ;)
"The future enters into us in order to transform itself in us long before it happens." Rainer Maria Rilke
My Top 5 Favorite Classic Rock Bands Of All-Time: 1). Led Zeppelin 2). Pink Floyd 3). Black Sabbath 4). RUSH 5). Jimi Hendrix Experience
que paso?
I love tacos. I do.
Ridin with the girls
Is this really you Justin BIeber 84 on Justin TV
... would be home for duration with the strange mendicant with heaped curls and caste mark on forehead who never spoke ate drank slept ...
Congrats to on their successful quarter! Thanks for representing Milwaukee!
Just bought"U smile"by&iLOVE IT!i smell a #1 song:)Hope you happy that 1.4million ppl.just bought that song.i got a huge smile!
Kurt dressed like on #glee lml
This fan making my eyes tear up !
I will. Can't wait to see you trump Seth yet again. :-) ": Who will be watching #HARDCOREPAWN tonight on ?"
The laces were in, they were in
Took a major burn, but all is not lost, I can play that game too buddy. Mr in control marine, you will learn women aren't dumb like u think
Girls should be treated like princesses. Don't sit there and disrespect and sell out. Be nice and mature.
I should have done this sooner. But I need a quality photograph of Barney Rosset for framing. , any idea where I can get one?
Arggggh! Facebook chat, now.
#healhtip: To help keep the skin moist, avoid skin-care products w/ alcohol and petrolatum and drink plenty of fresh water during the day
Hi, I just wanna make out with you so bad. K bye
Get em in for me too! You got it! RT Morning! If I have to do plank dips this morning im going to actually cry.
Very good...that's why they opened a 2nd place on Las Olas.
Itz official Temple Run is on the Android Market!!!!!!!!!1
If you're in town for AWP, come to Comet Ping Pong tonight! I'll be reading there with a bunch of other great writers.
who's ND son?? I know who Bal & Tow are...
Hey everyone, Check out my videos and tell me what you think please! Shout me out and I will shout you out! Thank you all for the support!!
love the new site!!
indeed the moon is where they live. We have not been back.
I don't know if I'm getting better or just getting use to the pain.
The unbelievably talented is going to be in New England this summer. Lets see how I can convince Ry to do an engagement shoot..
Chuck Close -3 seats away from me at American Symposium at the Met
havnt been on the tweeter in quite awhile
Feeling ok. Going to be a little bit of a trip to get back to full health. Got NGS coming in May. Should good by then.
L'allegro is glorious. Thanks to Mark Morris & his dedication to the music. It helps me, personally, connect to the dance more.
#typosf12 distribution models (from Starbucks to graphic design) mean increasing communication blandness
never give up!
you bet I'm wearing red tomorrow, and red lipstick too! #OneCapella!
Haha! What could possibly be better than homemade crunk?
“: nice beat's, i follow you on rocbattle since i log in, i like the most the r&b empty feelings, gj” thanks fam!
White Wives covering "Where Is My Mind" just made my 2012.
Update: We're back in business! Engine overheated. Almost in Chattanooga for our show at JJ's Bohemia tonight!
#lies sometimes it's hard to tell the difference between librarians and exhibitors
surely not before you come home...
Steak n shake breakfast
really? Havent gotten the chance of going over there! I always end up staying local or south central
MULTIPLE FANS
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying is when wack rappers wanna diss me but they're not even on my level!!
The 2011 National Championship Game starts at 1pm EST on (Noon Texas time). And to pump you up, here is a word fm
Yes, of course. See you then.
Wish someone had tixs for The Weeknd show tonight in L.A.
Hunter Hayes on replay <3
NO! You get completely different gifts. For the love of god, woman, this is your shot to drain your loved ones dry. Take it.
I couldn't even go jog this morning<<<
see me at the game. Want to know why skipping prom
Never get involved in a land war in Asia ...
love you too Tay Tae! (: x Can't wait to see it!
Hahaha. I like how you think.
Only 8 hours left to enter our competition! Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets Last Night of the Proms #Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
You know you need cooking lessons when you have to call your boss to ask him how to make rice.
If Olbermann speaks with no TV camera to braodcast him, does he make a sound?
that sounds like a heart attack (;
I can't believe I just used the word ham lol
So who is going to ? No reps from AdviStor this year unfortunately, but hopefully next!
omg, you're going to space in a Pkunk Fury?
hey do you think you can give my writer a few pointers on starting a new blog.
Eating a apple, feeling good :)
Do you have your Iphone App for Queen City Grill? Get up to date menus and offers. Download today!
no way he goes in my opinion but I think he would get drafted. Don&#39;t have to be ready. Abt potential
holy crap! is going to be at !!! better start planning my outfit!
Every Painting deserves a Name
Anyone besides me at anduzzi's?
lol oh I see I'm in transit so I had to get off for a min
I made it 10 months. He weaned himself. I felt sad, but was free. He wouldn't take a bottle, so was literally ON me for 10 months
Great night playing Mahjong with the ladies! Now time for bed. :)
Not marketing - in fact, I am twittering to avoid writing a marketing plan? Does that count?
chain store guide is proud to announce its new website with enhanced features for all www.chainstoreguide.com
University of Miami College of Engineering Alumni Association (UM CoEAA) Spring mandatory meeting on January 31st at 7:00 p.m. MEA 202
did u do your taxes yet? squirrel away yr rebate & use that
Kate Winslet FLAWLESS
O! Slick! How do you like it? I'm about to get a new phone. Leaning toward Galaxy S II. Amy and I have talked about tablets too
Are you kidding? Unless I roll the odometer over, no car I own will ever show that low-mileage.
Well...the coffee is a Bourbon varietal...does that count? :)
= my obsession #enough said.
Can I get some fries with that shake? lol
Yes we did!
M ya i can
If ppl don't know baseball well enough to know that you can't judge player by one game, then they should stop tweeting.
Working to hard for my 4th of J party. Moderate drinking by the pool. #QR scan hunt
Been sick all day. Gunna test my limits and eat some steak.
oh hi daishea!
a little clunky, no?
You didn't SEE her when she thought Tyler was "dead". Plus, I honestly think Stiles is a fake. He's not real.
You're so predictable BenRo
Do you wear you uk flag jagk shirt a lot to support alex's background?
Authors of "Getting Open: The Unknown Story of Bill Garrett and the Integration of College Basketball" overcoming #racism just spoke here!
Might Do My Hair All Spiffy Again(: Yes Or No.? Lets See If I Can W/o My Moms Help. Hahaha(: [I Love My Gf <3]]
Create your mobile app for a defined audience not for the department originating the project - Jack Ludden
Doing these onions a favor.
It'll be fun. I promise. I'm pretty good at writing nobel-peace-prize type tweets.
Marlene says lots of important stuff for which she gets no credit.
Love You Princess'
so is mine lmfaoo
gonna get chest piece worked on
hey! I'm playing Rockwood on dec 9th- hope you can come!
are you referring to the margarita? :)
will I ever get a follow back from my idol?x
you gave someone your bracelet because they liked it :') can I have the right to be on your following list :D please?<U+2665>
cool i wouldnt mind getting to work with you and you making beats just for my style and heres my email
Tired of studying for exams and ready for Friday to come so I can sleep all weekend!! :D
Vote for #myeBaymix loving the blazer
I had no idea New York got so many ads for Connecticut.
Who, What, When? RT Dood, library fail!
Can't wait to see your new show! Good luck with it! Have always loved you.
Will soon be looking for some passion theater folk to serve on the TC advisory board.
Bol RT : IF I SELL MY NEPHEW FOR 2 MILLION DOLLARS MY BROTHER WON'T SAY SHIT BUT TAKE A MILLION
RT 27 DAYS UNTIL THE GREATEST SPECTACLE IN RACING! RT If you're excited for the #INDY500! #INDYCAR2012 cannot wait.
Sample tweet: Another day, another new MIJ P-Bass and TL606 cabinet. Running out of room in my basement.
Up by 7 let's close them out
Giants want this more
Except in Detroit and Cleveland :(
hey you. I hope youre having a good break!
Listening Party. Nu On Def Jam/Timeless Got tracks wit Wayne & Flo-Rida! Reggae Pop future beast. Shout 2 &
Haha will absolutely miss that place and only good times for me sir
Everyone needs gigis cupcakes in their life (nashville)
Ran into at the 3 crow
If the heat don't win I'm not watching anymore games !!!!!
With all the toys in the world, people choose feelings to play with.
Surmising that the Easter Bunny stopped by my work over the weekend based on the trail of jellybeans in the breakroom.
Thanks, Pati! U rock!
can i throw rocks through the windows?
Come say "hey" in person right now for an autograph signing session.
S/o To my Bro Its His Mufuggin Bday Foo #MyBrothersKeeper I Love ya Foo
OMG so bored and so horny this aint funny
her names daisy:o
Watching Why Do Fools Fall In Love .
Word Nerd Factoid: "Regicide" refers to the killing of a king or queen.
respects to you and all the love and support
I SLICES OF LIFE is now following , because that girl is as crazy as the honey badger.
because our beers taste good... And I think it would take an average craft brewery a 100 years before they could afford it
Great Job what is your Goal?
Olly Murs has such a nice bum!
follow us back and i wont unfollow this time
please follow me :))) i love you !!!
RT : . Laptop, pft. So five years ago. Why not give them all iPads?
i think i'm gunna block you.
Forget me like you'd forget a dead bug </3
Congrats to for the victory against his mentor. Great win for
My name is Jessica & I like unicorns :)
Search "SOUL FOOD MIXTAPE" on Google Play to get 's newest music for free!
Haha well at least you have a good sense of humor :)
Power of MT : When we give students a way 2 share their work we emphasize that what they do in courses is worthwhile.
a half hour into U.S. Open coverage and have seen a dozen shots. FAIL once again. Show us some GOLF!!!
Wow! Sounds very painful. You need some icy hot!
I just realized that if you watch Cinderella backwards, it's about a woman that learns her place.
hb I do the brochure and u do some of the packet. It was the stress brochure.
oh no oh no oh no. you alien. bahaha. i hate youu.
So many Cinco De Mayo parties....so little time!
Oh, I came pretty damn close. Youth groups were told that I worshipped Satan.
great article - thank you for sharing!!!
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
thank u pa ...if only I knew what tfb was I am not good with the new computer language lmao...#shoutouts right back
Talin Market So Far the Line up is OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck The Zingaro and The Chopping Block
#ThingsICantLiveWithout jewelry, shoes, and my sisters!
aweome! Have a good one mate!
I just found out Jeff Suppan still happens...who knew..
So they cancel my car insurance cause I don't drive enough ain't that a stupid reason cause I'm support to drive a lest 30 mile a day
so today all the 8th grade got a lecture about drama and violents. it was pretty great.Jk!
It is not length of life, but depth of life. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
marc do you have the address for Ben?
Watching live with Kelly in Hawaii makes me want a vacation right now!
Three points!!!!
His early inning success (as was last year's) due to newness to hitters. Still making adjustments, and will have to continue...
Ok guess who I had this Convo with?Ugh I don't feel good Me:Oh hey theres Christian Person:ooohh I feel better looking at that
Last night we got very positive feedback on #ScavengerHunt from prominent condor researcher Fred Sibley.
FYI Baltimore :: For every 1 mile pedaled rather than driven, nearly 1 pound of CO² is saved. Grab a beer and get on the Pedal Mill!
you sound a little butt hurt
RT : "The internet is older than the class of 2015" (HuffPost) goodluck at college Liv, my baby sis is all grown up!
Redesign Alert: Dropbox (new photo viewer and file management improvements)
think he would miss you more. YOU CAN HAVE HIM.
they are always by invitation only, I'm not sure how many people are not invited.
Insist on being yourself. No one can do that better than you.... -James Collier
hey guys check out new single Reality on iTunes!! <3 her!! :)
wait till you learn how to use the clipping mask. It makes you feel like you can conquer the world, or at least Photoshop! :)
typical life of a runner would follow me
this is exactly what I'm saying since its 1:30 in the morning.
Hope everyone had a great Holiday! *Remember to use up your Flex Spending before the year is over! :)
I'm fine. The Pittsburgh Flash Fiction Gazette averages 360 hits a day and will go over 10,000 hits for April, big stuff for a blog.
getting super excited for the
Thanks! I think it turned out great :)
: I find myself wanting to throw my iPhone through the fucking wall consistently:/
wat up #pimp.. I got #BeatsOnDeck!!
Oh goodness, who forgot to aggregate the data?
Gimme Some Truth.
Ear buds:IN, Pandora:ON. Let's get some work done.
Yeah No Problem
Animated conversation with cartoonist Steve Bell. Lampoon away with Keith #InConvo tonight at 5pm
I think should definitely come get me so we could chill lol
good! Lol mainly work work work @ the clubs in DC Lima & Ultrabar. Hanging w/ my boo. You?
PILI ! PILI ! DID YOU SEE THE TV GUIDE LADY ?! SHES GOING IN THE SEWER ! OMG OMG OMG I CANT BREATHE ! I HATE THAT LADY ! ! ! O:
#nowplaying Art Ensemble of Chicago - Ouffnoon
Bird: 'Basketball came easy to me. I wasn't quick and couldn't jump much. I just thought the game out.' He sure did!
okay, i'm back
Painted the deck, went house hunting, and started plans for redecorating. Completely relaxing & domestic day.
Going to do some things today I've been putting off far too long..
I am listening to the Lost 45s with Barry Scott on WODS Boston
it is very hard to watch your family eat it while you are fasting haha
Ballgame. Semifinals for America
catching up on Ice Age tweets. Congrats on making 40k! I did the half and it was tough enough. Brutal trail, no?
She bad - Stuey Rock feat. Roscoe Dash.
Sometimes I hate when people try to be funny and fail at it...
Late night shopping run complete. Last item crossed off the X-Mas list.
Sweet! We need to catch up! Congrats :)
Thanks to the Marquee Tri aiders and athletes for their encouragement on the run. I finished my first olympic in 3hrs 8 mins. Bring it on.
Ready for #TheOffice tonight:D Make my day 100 times better:)
Hey! Welcome to the photo group ;) Where are you from?
Yay! I've seen former classmates and coworkers at
In Joplin and a raccoon comes out of the dumpster. Smallest raccoon I've ever seen. Poor fella. Never felt bad for a raccoon before.
Filner questions DeMaio on why ConVis vote should not come before the public.
I hate when ppl don't call or text back.
I know, that's why I purposely wrote it in caps lmfao LOVE YOU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
yea we should get some ruphies and have a chat
Pluto on Venus = sexual compulsion/healing Uranus on Venus = romantic liberartion Neptune on Venus = romantic ideal
Alkaline diet tip: When cooking, use oils that are alkaline forming. These include olive, avocado, and coconut oils.
Happy V Day :) Love you too <3
yup. Will be at this upcoming season. Was at Luminaries Fest Toronto last year and before in Manchester, UK.
Here's one - "LIKE" us on Facebook - then post your business to our wall, and we'll pimp you in our newsletter!
followed dear (:
100 followers yea buddy!!!!
:) MT : Heard a great #ROWE story today re: a former #Valspar colleague. Results are still the focus for Valspar finance!
Bob cats district champs<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26BE>
This should be interesting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks to all 5 for all they have given us! My opinion: The best UK Team I have ever witnessed! Will miss you all!
Getting my $ right. Even if it's Sunday.
“: The awkward moment when your foots asleep and you're trying to walk.” -_- plz dnt remind me -_-
patience... -________-. May [;
I feel better just knowing he is not going to pass any bill that increases our deficits....Right
dang man, I'll be there tomorrow. Still a good way to spend a Friday night!
No, Same with me. My friend is still looking for #.net developers and I was going have you leave reqs. Good company.
“Only in the darkness can you see the stars."
I love The Notebook!!! It is an amazing movie! :)))
I'm bout to text u
have fun mate!!!! Cheer them on to a first game win.
Really good, we had our first meetup event this week and it went well. How about you?
Happy Hump Day!
Cameroon opposition parties failed to capitalize on their gains in the 1990's, says Analyst Elali Effoe.
Single ladies join TAKE6 in DC for a day of empowerment. Abstinent single men share ur testimony! www.campaigntake6.com
ok I will definitely do that
Watched Desperate Landscapes last night and now I have a complex: don't wanna be a flora hoarder. I wish their theme song was Jungle Boogie.
Of course she is.
merry Christmas doll!
OPEN CALL every Thursday from 2-3 pm. You can email submissions to .
where do i go to see it...
Do your best impression of Bob's statue.
AGREED! Let's find a time to catch up during #DisneySMMoms, I'd LOVE that!
#HardRockRising 4 local bands playing tonight at the One band wins and moves on to try and win the chance to play in London.
If only knew how much I love and wanna meet him<U+E403><U+E023>
I friggin hate school.
If I had known you were three blocks away, I would have come up the street and made silly faces at you thru the window.
Another night of making lists for my lists. When will the sanity pills kick in?
Just text me iPod battery low , and my crack fone too slow for me #night!
Can't wait to see my Mommy today!!
most boys*
I think ima get me some renters insurance, 2 many apt fires going on
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously quoting scriptures word for word...don't mess up a line...you a demon then...
Just got elbowed in the boob. OWWWWW
"Little Mexicans slapping each other with the fuckin hot mops."
Question: heard on the news this AM that Twitter is gearing up to charge for service, would you pay? or is the appeal the "freeness"
Lose , not loose !
Twitter is great, but it is work as well!
I am following you from afar xoxox
Ribbon in the sky
I feel so drained and full of anxiety :( ugh! Idk why I feel so nervous :/
That's my girl! RT I just got home today with a newborn baby. Of course I'm watching
Bitch must b off them meds
im following u soo can u give me followers
Its so cute when u think I'm listening.......
ok just sent you email
RT if you LOVE having in-unit laundry machines
sounds like a plan :) I wanna learn how to surf since we will be so close to the beach
Nice old skool harp action from Bob Pomeroy sitting in w Joan Osborne band at Tarrytown Music Hall.
Next level: "Look at that child molester. What an asshole." Yeah, people are missing sales at the Department of NO SHIT.
Haven't tweeted in a while =P
- listening to musicc. ! and on facebook. wbuu.?
This is outta control! Omg!!!!
ive been! It's not at all lol it's all in your head!
tomorrow will be the greatest folly, all eager to NSN
first flight out baby I'm gone
thank you so much!
so do you make hipster things??
im off everyday but wednesday soo im free whenever yoooo :)
I did a lot for people throughout the years only for them to turn their back on me.
Wow. Vitalcheck.com promises birth certificates in 3-4 days. I submitted 2 weeks ago. :-(
hi good to meet you your song is really good
Your beard is the finest beard in mythbusting!
Ever notice how Netflix has 'Quantum Leap' listed under the 'Just for Kids' category?
screw your hometown team and all the fans in the city on a nationally televised event.
I'm my biggest fan and my own worst critic!
follow my new account please
is now following us...I'm not thinking follow-back.
who knows.
I just saw your handsome face on #nbcparenthood. It made my day.
I am soo impressed with ur spot.The food is AMAZING, the ambience is trendy but yet cozy,overall the best thai place ever!!
snorts when she laughs
Beet + apple + carrots + kale in the juicer, and a tear-jerking episode of Undercover Boss ...
smh...a hardheaded Little Fuckerrrrrr........as well as forgetful lol
America can pool our funds so ONE person can walk away with $640mil. But doing the same for universal healthcare ignites controversy?
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. ~Peter Ustinov~
Patiently waiting really pays off! #sohappy :)
the weather is totally reflecting my mood this morning.
#BillyCrystal in 3, 2, 1... I'm thinking his opening skit will mock the #BestPicture nominees.
It's the calm before another storm
This is some bs. I knew after seeing the Streetballers dunk contest & D League dunk contest, the NBA one wld disappoint, & it did! Horrible
3 words: Mom is home!
I'm just a drama queen :)
S/O to all the people who are bored in study hall right now
i really wanna see them live one day! i wanted to go to the jones beach concert
at the database would be transparent and state obj was deaccessioned. Museum Visitor online would also see that info..
ignore me now, but if you hadnt noticed I always come back better. ;)
Also, the stupidity.
Leslie, I love you. Having Percy on the bench in these moments will have you back as a DC
I would say that it had dipped, but that 08 Finals rekindled it. Not as much as those 80s days. Younger me was full of fire!
How do I know if my civil liberties have been violated?
waiting for you to tweet me ;)
And it's hard to dance with a devil on your back, so shake him off.
Austin is gonna ROCK Miami <3
Quote of the Week | Every library is an arsenal.—Robert Green Ingersoll
Why do we need school? English: I speak it! Reading: I can read Spanish: We have Dora
And I tried to slam dunk.. In heels and a dress
This ones for whoever taught you how to kiss in designer jeans
Happy to retweet, guys! Life's treating me very well. Just started working for ! Hope all's well for Super Humans!
Doctor Who filming in NYC today? If I spot them around Rockefeller Center I'll be sure to spread the word!
#il2011 another good tool: join.me = stupid easy screensharing (viewable on mobile too)
What's up? (This is Jim.)
what? back in the homeland tonight??
and same to you. haha itt depends who the P is.
Interesting site. Thanks for sharing.
Omg I love life.
Good news! RT : #Pens Crosby: felt good. Glad to be out there. Longest I went at that pace. -SK
OHMYFUCKINGGOD. Eating subway ;)
If there was a day for everything you have given to me as a mother, it would be a Mothers Day every day.
it will not trend if it is in a tweet more than once..it will count as spam.. not a TT ...
Woah o.O You Livee In Germany.. That's Cool(: I Always Wanted To Go To Germany!(:
No. Thought Frenchy would start hot like every other year. I like them in this order: Trout, Rios, Frenchy, Boesch
Whats one thing random people ask me anywhere espically the bathroom" Hey Leah arnt tou obsessed with the ICONic Boyz or something " me:SMH
Still a 4-2 road trip. Will take that every single time.
RT : Don't forget the batting cages, putting green and sumo ring. << No, I hear a transporter room is next.
Time to catch up on the new #TBBT episodes.
RT "Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
Nite Nite Love U and especially you ! <U+2665>
that's something the pastor don't preach ;; that's something a teacher can't teach...
I thought the juxtaposition of those two facts were informative, not breathless. But to each his own.
She's a one woman wrecking crew! Check out them.'s
Check out our new cake menu at Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
i haven't tweeted you in forever...i suck.
If you knew better, you'd do better..
Your actions speak louder than all the words you fix your lips to say...lol
Happy Administrative Professional Day! Today we honor all hard working professionals for "Doing The Most Good"
what about you?
boys - girls , men - women
It's a great one, different and easy to make. Plus it has beer in it, just an added bonus in my opinion :)
Have you listened to the new Featured Bit? "Shats R Us" is at www.freekshowradio.com
Thanks for coming in this weekend!!
#thebestthingsinlifeRgreen on a cloud smoking loud
one of those disney world commercials just came on and i didn't get sad this time cause i get to go this year woot
I can't wait to see you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I guess I can't be too mad cuz I'm using a working phone and I got 4 letters this week
give her a 5
I do:D
nice... what are you gonna do with all that stuff? lmao! ctfu
yes november 8th San Diego. I'm there, I love you sign and all.
I meant 10...typo :(
You can tell the age of the artist by how quickly the handicap section fills up. It's ALL full!
Do it! We have one this weekend - but there is another one in June..
You better be listening to right now! :)
Isnt that for all Cleveland sports teams....
yes the vertical thing is key. I love it. We carry her line at my store. We just got that mascara back in stock.
Oh, sweet! :D
He's still the first person I think about when I wake up but why I don't know :(
Welcome to Twitter. Now you just have to tweet ;)
Hate when you have a cut & you just want to pick at it but you cant cause it'll just get worse
still working on The Dark Tower I: The Waste Lands by S. King. not my fav, but really digging the series overall
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com Dwan Bent-Twyford Known as the "Queen of Short Sales"! Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
Seeing lightning now. Thunder almost overhead.
new beer market a quarter-mile away. There goes my paycheck! First purchase was Fort George Vortex IPAD. Awesome!
Doing homework with the kids. Sure hope I pass 3rd grade again...
ur lucky!!! My partner thinks 2 pork buns from a chinese place is breakfast!!! (Work partner)
Caps and Rangers in the 4th period now
"The lie is a condition of life." -Nietzsche
If you know I don't like it when you're doing this shit, why would you keep insisting on doing it.
When the crowds saw this...[they] gave glory to God who had given such AUTHORITY to men/women. Matt 9:8
Injured reserve is so dumb. You have four freaking DL spots!
i'm not in a doctor's office.
Dear frat boys: Please don't come to the gym with vodka in your water bottle. It is an all-around bad idea.
RT : But be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves. (James 1:22 ESV)
Weather is nice in Orlando, Florida ! lol We get those hail storms too.
I am doing very well in all three of my league's so far. Glad that my strategy of pitching first led to 4.5 ERA's this week
has found its structural feng shui. The vision is coming together. And waiting on PBS for news.
Why judge if u have never met before.
So I Finished The 1st Paragraph Of My Speech...
Get the most out of ur run by having the right shoes. Check out tips at www.running.about.com & bring those shoes to the JPA5K on Sept 16!
Programming Note: We are in a rain delay here between Navarro/San Jacinto
At McDonalds chillin wit black ppl
WOAH BRO YOU ARE OHIOAN. ME TOO.
Uhh the video is just for my enjoyment sir ;D
Come on keep the followers coming guys! Get me to 400 #MuchLove <3
are you going to Skrillex!?!
Glad you enjoyed it. Thanks for reading.
I have a couple female cousins who would box down. She knows who to mess with. She is all talk and shoulders.
#mysuperpower being a fast as runner
Hey , would either of you let me pick your brain regarding the #UWrightnow campaign for one of my projects?
you should be nappy headed trick
any interaction on craigslist may be a turing test
I understand. Denial is the first step. You can get through this!
Your support means a lot. Not just to me but everybody.
Thanks Jeff! Sorry for the slow reply!
Astounded this morning to hear Metro conductor announcing, "May you have a productive and pleasant day." How nice! And how unlike the #MBTA!
Milwaukee, it's nearing the end of spring 2012. What have you got fermenting? What's next in the bottling line?
Little Wayne? no. no. LIL Wayne..
#howdoirespondtothat Was that meant as a compliment or pickup line of sorts?
good luck! we are all here in kc hoping that sierra leone will win!
You left.. game over .
Happy Thursday, the best day of the week! So jealous of everyone taking off for today!
I just texted you back, duh! <U+E404>
holiday flavors are my fave! I'm sensing pumpkin, spice, gingerbread perhaps. Hmm...
#hotyoga tomorrow night. Will have to explain my missing toenails #marathon training
Hope you like it!
I think that's a wonderful idea!
damn real talk.
OMG!! Watching Ellen!!!!
I know the feeling. I finished a whole box yesterday :-(
Thanks, and have a great day!
don't worry, when baby's have the hiccups that means they are growing, growing= more sleep!
my profile pic shows the best manager of all times.....
Just watched a film in History of Gospel Music about Mahalia Jackson. What a career.
Ladies and gents, Shawn brings his Thurs Night party to Sabbatic at 9. There will be great music, great people, and plenty of shots!
Just started jiggin for no reason...
followed me. Today is going to rock.
I refuse to trust anything on Twitter on April Fool's day.
HAVE A BLESSED DAY!
if you can truly live the life you want - no regrets.
"I wish these Louisville classic rock radio stations would play more Def Leppard. I rarely hear their songs." -- No Louisvillian. Ever.
1,000. Think about it. -Vince
My cheek is startin to feel better, after it was sore for a day from u tryn to take a bite outta me. U gone make it up to me !!
Save the date - national chefs conference in Denver January 14-16, 2012
ok nice
callback ! Nice end to the week.
Thank you for a wonderful show Saturday night despite being sick. Praying for you to feel better soon!
:D Good Morning! You're Welcome!! Xo
Kobe done tossed his cookies.
Would have to be the one I goty yesterday. "We don't know each other but we have the same name, so please join my network. I did.
Sony launches new Xperia phones in PH - ABS CBN News
If I'm ever in a single car collision, it will most likely be because I was looking for baby ducks.
Follow my bro for those hot exclusive beatz near u !
AWESOME OPENING NIGHT OF JUDGMENT AT NUREMBERG.
giving Air's new album, "Love 2," a listen.
Let's Go #MUFC!!! On FX for the american fans
Through the power of prayer, we are able to release people and things that are seeming to control us.
best feeling is to know that you hve someone who loves you and who will stick with you no matter what so if you have someone dnt let em go <U+2665>
He miss me sweet
Christmas eve brunch at Woodberry Kitchen rsvp'd. Now looking for some good chinese food to go to on xmas day with our friends. suggestions?
missing you
Great looking site! RT : Helped our good friend Mike Procopio () re-design his site. One of the best minds...
Family before business. Business before pleasure.
Today's gift card winner is ASHLEY EMS! Congratulations!
- Thanks! Do you actually monitor payments being made on the loan? Or just accrue interest based on risk ratings you select?
Check out the new #iPad3 Are you going to take the plunge?
This Nats-Phillies rivalry will be fun
need beats
#5YearEngagement was great! Saw it with my best friend. :)
We have a new flavor! Come try Chocolate Peanut Butter!
To all Clear Internet customers out there, if you have any problems, questions, concerns about your service, call me anytime: (361) 429-4758
Lmfao I hate you Steven. Finally on twitter after centuries lol
Safely touched down in foggy Philly.
Thanks to CCHA's Southern and SW Division conference planners for including NEH CG staff as presenters!
thanks! How much did you get it for? Are you going to be there?
#Chrimbus. RT : *Chrimbus made* RT Happy Holidays from Urban Pessimist! We will be coming back SOON
Crazy that the next in March is the 29th right? 4-5 a year means they add up quick.
I'd be extremely happy if you follow me Ariana!! You are so sweet to fans and who would disagree? I hope I will be lucky <U+2665>
Have questions about how to use pantherLINK? Take a look at our classes on pantherLINK Calendar and pantherLINK Collaborative features!
yeah you are probably right!
Just got a personalized, signed letter from the CEO of Vector inviting me to join their team this summer for 14$ an hour.... Selling knives
u nailed it!!!
lol ;) Lots of love right back :)
Your piece on Santorum is great. Love seeing your commentary.
Everyone! Go read The Unshakable Kingdom and the Unchanging Person by E. Stanley Jones. Ignore the style, drink in the insight.
Tnx! Following u - May your days be bright all of 2012 and on!
yes, college fantasy football has been around for a while
thank you and I will play it! Trying to get away from the same old dubstep sound & I love how this song turned out Trance like
Great idea William! :)
....its FREE to mind your own business!
Used my promo code. Hurry up, sushi!
Getting some new tires at Still can't understand why the small tires for my Fit cost so much.
RT Suggestions For Music Hosting?: First time accepted submitter achbed writes "In conjunction with a friend of min......
The #flashontap greenman was AWESOME!!!! We hope to definitely see him at other events! YOU ROCK!
Please do two things for me: 1) enjoy dinner! 2) say 'hello' to your lovely family!
We bought three cases! Surprised there's any left
where you found yours at?
I am promoting my consulting practice to organizations who need motivational speakers to improve employee's performance and productivity.
R.I.P George Kunda
Any museum using a team approach to social media involving staff from different departments?
Twitter poll: shrimp avocado crepes or beef, olive and raisin empanadas?
thanks and back atcha
Swing by Sugar Shack BBQ (24th & San Antonio) 12-2pm today for reduced price Notorious PIG. Will be DJ spinning hip-hop records.
Consciously avoid imitating yourself………try that for a brick wall.
RT : A4: Word of mouth and relationship building is always key!
welcome to Chicago and the
U kno u ate the pussy good when u still the it on u after u took a shower & washed ur face. lol
please follow me im your biggest fan i love you music :)
It was just unnecessarily provocative!
Saw a jackrabbit official once ruin a season by calling a tech for slapping the backboard like Trob just did on that dunk.
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." Harriet Beecher Stowe
RT RT : Y'all don't give enough time on SC. Cmon, this man needs his own show!!!
You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help enough other people get what they want. ~ Zig Ziglar
thats awesome!! enter into the laugh contest with me. i just entered and im starting the annoyingness.
I dont wanna go :(
Is Kurt Thomas still playing in the NBA? Wow - 5 years older than his coach. That's impressive - old guys rule. Grant Hill, Andy Pettitte...
Ya it would be! I would totally buy it. So how is your day going?? Good i hope. =))
has bnfkb4 changed faces??? looks like he's on board now...he must have covered his shares.
Does anyone know where my shot book is??
. will be signing at our table in the foyer starting at 1pm!
Happy B Day to Tim Duncan the best power forward to ever play the game of bball. TD maybe old but he'll take you too school any day.
Happy Easter peeps!
Had the crappiest day but happy now that a good rehearsal with cool people made it better
Today is the most beautiful day in Get out and enjoy it!
I feel so good
I told my sister I'm gunna call her everyday asking to go see stella! Haha. I miss her already!
: no (real) harm, no foul!
Of course, just the essentials for you!
oh ok...I think you have something in your eye
I think that the illuminati will recruit me for sure afta dey hear this beat i jus made....lmao
it's step 9 in my program.
My Mind exudes fabulousness!!! “: What's your favorite feature about yourself? Say it proud!”
Aw she's just as pretty as u
DM me some info :))
Well, that sounds exciting ... or potentially life-threatening.
baby use tumblr. :)
how does not know what a good party is? Doesn't he live in Vegas?
You had no idea did u??? RT : yes, very. What have we got ourselves into?!
RT : Q2. Brainstorming can result in less creativity than individual thought. What else can you do to elicit ideas?
don't know if you ignored or haven't gotten to my email yet but I hope you get time to take a look. It can't hurt!
that's why we're friends. Lol
Very strange. Florence is serviceable and can be a good nickel corner for a team that needs help. Could start in a pinch too
Reading Mrs. Dalloway. I'd rather face a bear than Woolf.
That awkward moment when I like penis
sorry I'm bored
GET DOWN HERE AND HAVE A DRINK WITH YOUR FAVORITE DANCER! DRINK SPECIALS!! HOOKAHS AVAILABLE, V.I.P BOOTHS, PRIVATE ROOMS!!
I'm not sure what I'm going 2 do for my b-day. Any ideas? And yea watch were all in our cabin and there's a tornado warning!
it's probably because he doesn't like to tell people straight that he likes them idk why though
That would have been reason #1 for me.
you be safe and we will see ya in the Big East.
Competing on price is a great way to train customers to drop you at the earliest opportunity.
Yours is the energy that makes your world. There are no limitations to the self except those you believe in. ~Jane Roberts
I wanna come!!! It's good practice for the fall ;)
Molly is making her very first post to twitter...I know that you are all excited to hear from her! :)
It's like a 7 on the come out roll. A snack, if you will.
Blush. Thanks, Rachel RT makes it happen. He deserves respect for success of web life. Just sayin
thank you, too! We had a blast!
Almost forgot how funny Carl Winslow is.
sometimes that's just what you need after a rough week at work. Good fun to be had with a little dialogue like that.
No power. Batteries running low. No excuse for not taking a walk by the beach before the sun goes down. Life's still pretty good.
Wow im hella up early today .
I hate eating and watching My Strange Addiction when this lady shows me she drinks her own pee! D: J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ...Always&4Ev
I was so happy the Caps won I almost cried.
Watching a SonsOfGuns episode featuring its hilarious so far!
Jamie Moyer...game on.
I tweet inconsistently
“Sometimes you choose your friends; sometimes they choose you
Coffeeshop tablemate can't type her emails without speaking the words aloud. I thought people like her existed only in movies.
technically yes. XD
Still jet-lagged and wide awake in middle of the night. About to listen to 'Watch the Throne'.
Suck me of then we fucked eat dinner then his girlfriend call he told her he at a friends know he passed out in my bed I just meet him lol
maybe you didn't picture the kiss.
That moment when you eat TOO much and then you stand up and it feels you ate 1000 lbs food!
"I have relentless #optimism."~ D 's last tweet.
This girl offered me a handjob lol. But she want me to pay her $100. #BITCH!!!!!!
Exciting Davinci Virtual announcement coming later this week! Stay tuned!
Its decent, I'd rather have the ESB
“: Coldest sporting event you have ever been to was_______. ???” target field last year when it snowed
Big, ginormous thanks and much love to for a great event at Bookworks tonite! y'all ROCK!
You all are more than welcome to drop me from this convo. :)
ALEX PWEASEEEE MAKE MY LIFE & FOLLOW BACK <3
I put my hand upon yo hip! When I dip you dip we dip!!!
Getting psyched to hear Rufus Wainwright at the Paramount in ATX
HERMAN CAIN--TELL THE TRUTH... IF YOU LET GO OF WHAT IS IN YOUR HAND-GOD WILL LET GO OF WHATS IN HIS GLORIOUS HANDS... CUT THA RACE CRAP OUT
...Thats what you get for yours mistakes
IN NEED OF: A new website. Anyone willing to do a trade?
A client just called me requesting we replace a front entry door on C-mas eve as a surprize C-mas gift, as she takes hubby to dinner.
Ok, it is confirmed that she is a lesbian.
can I tell you someting go see this its live www.prodivs.com tim
Welcome new followers :) Thanks for showing your interest in TweetupOnABoat More details coming soon!! xx
Hey everyone! Come on out Saturday to our Bartab Pubcrawl! Bring all your friends! Start at Dirty Trix at 9pm!! $1 Drinks!
hey thank you!!
Thank you for dining at Maharaja during your auditions last year! Next time you're in #Milwaukee please stop in!
So far i've voted for Colton, Skylar, Hollie, and Shannon. I always have too many favorites on idol. lol
OH: I gotta girl party to go to for my birthday
lol is everything ok?!
LOVED your 'your dreams my nightmares' interview! And of course, your work!
The ladies from are so fashionable! We love their interview!! ://ow.ly/aHD99
Great visuals, arrows point to reason for helmets and penalties for head tackling!
love this company!!! they never let me down!!! amaze!!!!!!!
ugh.. waste of 3 hours. Sunday, got it!
Bored silly ....
Just pulled an all night coding and design session. Time for some rest so I can hit it hard again tomorrow... Or today...
“: I Wish I was born into a rich family then I wouldnt have to work” that's just to damn lazy lol
I called it, but no one answered :( haha Good morning :P
Listening to Taj Mahal and the LP "Giant Step / The Old Folks At Home, Damm those were two great slabs of vinyl. Jesse Ed Davis at his best
I've been singing Kelly Price in my head all day.
Paying for #gogo on flight so I dont miss a min of #ingnycm today! She's in the home stretch!!
We can bring Christmas to you this holiday season. Call us about catering your next holiday gathering in your home!! 954.467.1998
Happy Super Sunday! Today we're offering 20% off one of our most popular sellers- our variety pack of Tyvek #wristbands!...
For He Himself has said, "I will never leave you nor forsake you." Hebrews 13:5
For it isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. It isn't enough to believe in it. One must work for it. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
persuade or inspire?
If you work for a living, why you kill yourself working
Able now to read many books at same time, i.e. paper, iPhone Kindle, iPod Audible and they're talking to each other in interesting ways.
You can't blunt the edge of wit or the point of satire with obscurity
we will definitely still have to discuss a calendar together.
i have 420 followers!
Saw an ad for an online dating service that claimed to be the No.1 site to find cheating wives.
Jonathan Livingston Glass Seagull.
: This month is our Cupids & Canines charity drive for Animal Humane. Donate $5 or more and get 50% off a day of daycare!
You're welcome!
Brossart struggling with Bowling Green pressure The Purples still up 10 late in the 3Q.
Teachers are working hard on grades! Report cards for second quarter come home this Friday!
"I submit to you that if a man hasn't discovered something he will die for, he isn't fit to live." -- Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
TSOI-LA is at Skybar to see Cults. Guy behind me said he RSVPed for "The Cult" Boy is he in for a surprise.
Loving the wind in my hair and the sun - fall on the
no doubt if he's found not guilty Theres still gonna be a riot ima set it off
I miss NOLA. Gotta get back more than once a year. Food is amazing!!!!
Congrats to our new Mayor!
:) May your 2012 be filled with much laughter and joy! RT What do you call a chicken at the North Pole? Lost.
In other news, Tevin Campbell releases "Let me show you how to pack my fudge"
IM SO EXCITED!!!!!! What song are you dancing to??:) <3
No points to prove... Only statements to be made..
will you be coming back to NC this year?missed you,william was sick and had tickets in Durham.
Did you know that Hoyas have over 10,000 accounts with the Credit Union?
you look like 56 in a 15 year old body
GoodMorning!Every time I feel discouraged I close my eyes and visualize the future I want. Then I really open my eyes and start to build it.
I started taking Meisner. Only one class in and I love it.
dam rite hes the best did you see raw this past monday
my 20 year old neighbor is having a party outside... WITHOUT ME!!
The things that I want to do to you, that would put me in jail for many years... Tsk Tsk.
lol oh ew I would never go all blonde!
zac efron is so not beautiful
I sneak in midday naps too. ;) )
I'll call before I come,i won't jus pop up ova out tha blue...I hope that you do too.
P!ATD is on tour with Fun. and they're not coming to the Northwest. This is a tragedy of epic proportions.
Nice answer to cheefrocka37. I like Dave he's a little cutie!
Sure is one of THOSE days.
Ha! We're glad!
can't wait, congrats
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade
Most keep a listing of companies offering industry-specific services.
Amazing catch.....and it was all good!
I think we need to watch the content of our social media interactions
MERRY CHRISTMAS everybody.
fake. fake. fake.
Gearing up for a Friday night but are stuck in the office finishing paperwork? Tell your owner you need OCRA's accounting service to escape!
LEGGO BRO WE GOT THIS IN THE BAG. 36 dayss woo i have faiith :)
Thank you to everyone who stopped by our booth at the 2011 Frankfurt Book Fair! You helped make our booth the success that it was!
Yes please! RT : come to Morrisons!!!
vowels or vows?
Myrtle Beach, SC..
My son going to be happy he not going to have a stricked dad . (:
RT : A four hour, nine inning baseball game at Coors?
Happy 4th! Laugh, play, enjoy our freedom and Be careful!
That heart of a champion, I respect that, goes to show talent isn't everything, because doesn't have the best arm
Getting ready to make some new musical gear purchases! Hope all your ears love the new sounds that we are soon to create!
RT : Did you know that in 2011 alone, there were more than 1,200 TI patents issued worldwide?
Well let me get dress & head 2 dollar tree. I believe its cool enuff
I slack off too! :( RT : pintley, but not as religiously as I should based on the large number if beers I try.
In elementary school I thought "Brass Monkey" was a Monchichi. #MCA made it okay 4lil #Jewish kids like me 2 flo in the school cafeteria
I <3 Burger King.
Hmm....I can host up to 5 sites w/ Adobe Creative Cloud. Interesting.
ya and it's at the front of the plane closed by a curtain with single seats and it's better food
“: Wow. Last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.” (;
Thanks for the follow - we LOVE your amazing cheese selection!!
shout out to Kennedy. Up and coming actor
Nothing improves with age.
can't wait, when he lose, he can't run to his room mad like usual
what happened to today?
Now serving Crappy Tacos that smell n taste like shit with love always RBMS cafeteria :P
love hangouts but not too keen on their posting area plus my friends just are not on it, I think g+ is late in the game
Whaaaa? How? And yay for you!
There it is. Brandon Weeden and Trent Richardson are your new backfield for the #Browns. Unexpected.
The Museum will be closed on Thursday 5th, Friday 6th and Saturday 7th April 2012.
Sincerely, Facebook, Harry Potter, Ninjas, and Google.
Inside GO! Featured local residents, writers, etc. Ready...Set...GO! Who's interested? :)
bad mood
Merry Merry Christmas lovely friends!!!! xoxo
thanks for the invite fag!
I can! RT : I love the sound-effects for Indiana Jones' punches. See, you know what I'm talking about. You can hear them right now
I'd love to litigate against this stupid son of a bitch. I hate stupidity and incompetence. Kenneth Feinberg is incompetence personified
Hey Sandy, how's real estate in Victoria? Frothy in some n'hoods in Seattle. Which is good because I'm selling this spring.
just listened to it...totally awesome!
today is depressing ! why does it have to rain?
The official music video for "all goes wrong" is nearing completion! Stay tuned for sneak previews.
what to listen to on this dreary, rainy Wednesday? any depressing music suggestions?
What happened to Jay Sean? 2012 was my song!
Master P? That is pretty awesome.
Love to have you visit our site when you're ready to #decorate your new place. We specialize in ethnic art & gifts!...
you told me 4 when we talked that day. And I never got an invitation so I just went based on what u said :(
Original post the worst cheap shot of 2012. The criticism isn't about reductions, it is about priorities.
HD-SDI fest! RT : Been hanging in Austin again this week w/ and ! Complete video system overhaul. Pics to come!
ca va bien :) Et toi? As long as I know how to order food in France I'm okay haha :)
without drama life would be pretty boring. It'd be like communism
I have been commissioned to make a vegan pumpkin pie for my roommate Ryan's Special Ladyfriend. Tell me this is not adorable.
Haa RT : Since when did everyone become Jordan heads because I didn't know none last year
The charge against modernity is being too busy to appreciate civility in email or that email lacks the functionality of civility.
Workout with , a delish Berry Powerful and All Greens w/Apple for breakfast from Liquiteria and my day is made.
I'm half-way through "C++ Gotchas", and happy that I know C#, Java, and Ruby. C++ has too many sharp edges and mis-features.
the freecember concert?? haha i was there since 1Am!
The League of Libations is a monthly event where people can get together and drink #FreeBeer! Free #9 from 6-8pm @ Churchkey 6/23!
Have a safe and Happy New Year!!
So, what do you mean by "early April"?!?!?!
Gotta love the internet. Found an answer to an excel/word problem in 3 seconds.
Smh the thirst of these hoes
Bruce Hart of course with two hot guys next to him LOL!
I could be! I am awake at a reasonable time, although I look a little like the "before" picture in an advertisement. :p
Exercise Is Good!
thanks for the rt
Great show coming up Sunday night be there
No, we haven't! Thanks for the suggestion - we'll look into it!
Hi Ed - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, following you too!
Trust your vibes!
I am working on way too many art projects..I'm going crazy..time to take a break.
Interesting or disturbing that so far libraries have not been invoked, but Google has been dozens of times?
sounds like a plan! Let me know when you are free! hugs!
Another successful Pan African Film Fest is over. Saw some great documentaries & films - such talent out there!
haha -- not sure yet, but will find it and let you know!
Today should be good. Better than yesterday atleast.
Really? Cool. It's on my list!
I know big shocker right? And yes the marlins hat. It's sick
No one really wins when you play the game "Guess how long the dead bug stays on the wall before the janitor cleans it!"
im not a female dog!
You're aren't doing anything wrong! Don't let anyone let you think any differently. What you're doing is awesome!
Come on in 3 days the music awards 2011
thank you SO much :-) xoxo really!
Our culture expects the extraordinary, but the ordinary moments are the things we love (and miss) the most. (via )
Thanks for the follow, I lived in Delray Beach for a few months, enjoyed it & boca too
Come on Rose forget about the 3 and drive on em!!
Thanks, Abby! I need a catch-up in short order!
What’s the best thing about Alzheimer’s disease? You get to meet new people every day!
no problem!
11am film and practice
bring me some!!! <U+2615>
"[the button] just plain doesn't work. but it confirms before not working."
your talking to one happy guy:)
Congrats to , and welcome to #SKC!
<U+267A> : RT : Mendeley is working on adding dataset as a type as well
Listening to Hush Harbor at wofk rules!!
Going to check out Sunday jazz night at the W Hotel with my roll dog
why you not sleep
that was for libchat, not for you. but i will be heading home soon ...
why are you two tweeting each other.
i could make you some..but im not with you so even if i did, you couldnt eat it
Racine Lutheran....great team n well coached!
yay!! Let's go out :D
Not a problem. You have a great site!
“Don’t lose sight of what is truly important to you and makes you happy” -Ted Leonsis
If we're ever talking on the phone (which I hate anyway), PLEASE don't yawn-talk at me (Mom!).
We can't wait! We will be raffling wireless headphones & a few other items!
It's a good time to be an LSU fan.geaux tigers!!!
mooney said he go throw me n a hot room and throw cold water on me ! Lmao
I know right? Or just call Comcast, they come right away. They came the day we moved in! my neighbors are so entitled sheesh
Yesterday was great - had the pleasure of playing with Sam Shahin on his senior recital and also with Zena Moses & her incredible band.
The Prez is about to speak......very Hush....Hush I hope it's not that aliens have invaded!
Have a good April Fool's Joke? Tell us about it!
Join me for my radio show tomorrow at 10pm est at Djreyboricua No se lo pierdan !!! SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!!!
72 degrees in Denver...Get your Patio On!
Enjoying the company of others. #traveltip Get out of the bubble!
ok, well no worries lets mesh up our schedules because I'd love to hook up with you ;p
because i went to one of my moms friends house with her :)
That's a lot to ask of clowns — have you seen the size shoes they wear?
FOUR FINALS!!! Tegan, you're killing me. #wishlist: manicure, cocktails, French onion soup, blowout, massage
NP. Good luck to your daughter!
Use #lib2 tools for transparency
Are there any more bands you guys want me to check out? Tweet me the links!
Got an invitation for Google+ and it's not yet ready for Google Apps. What a letdown....
To what extent can legislation allow businesses to share confidential information on systemic #cybersecurity threats?
Pastor Winans is preachin'!!!! Yes I intentionally left off the "g".
The Price is Right isn't as awesome as I remember it being. Even in college, I thought it was pretty great.
Sheamus to Cole: "... God, you're worthless, fella " hahah
keep the integrity of the regular season by playing/paying weak FBS/FCS for easy out of conf wins.
Don't focus on your book. Focus on how YOU can help them create useful and entertaining stories for their readers
TOM BLOOD HAS CHANGED MY LIFE FOR THE BETTER. LONG LIVE TOM BLOOD.
I vividly remember it. Baron Davis made Ryan Hollins look like an nba player.
Fun Event: Civic Center Park will be transformed into an urban ski resort w/ Denver's Big Air Competition on Tues Jan 25th and Wed Jan 26th!
Thank you for no longer Co Sponsoring PIPA
Bravo! RT : FYI: The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is an ebook.
I am here. Sis had her bridal shower today. Headed back tomorrow... seriously considering another shake for the road.
Happy birthday, Ben!
great love <3
RPLA's readers have given 28 days of internet use for children in Iran & 800 points donated to Stand Up 2 Cancer. thank you <3
One day ill be someone's evil nemises.
I want the lyrics "all I know is that fear has got to go this time around" on my back/shoulder.
Whenever I get my period, I take a long, hard look in the mirror and say to myself, “Congratulations, Dina! You’re not having a baby!”
it's just not working out loll
I only knew it worked b/c I started getting "potential matches" emails. I still can't get it to work when I go to the site.
I'm hooked! RT : it is pretty awesome, huh?
In the mood for some steak? Pop in tonight for our 14oz. Prime Rib :)
Agree that kids will work hard. Need good coaches, like yourself, emphasizing correct things in developing the whole player.
and that's why I only release Vinyl!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
#NW Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2
There is one question I dont know the answer to, How did the fat kid from stand by me get Rebeca Romijn?
did you get April FOOLED today? what got you best?
Now,I With My Bestfriend,Study Together. Yeaah,It's Very Fun.
Haven't tried his class yet. Went to Jazz 1 a couple weeks ago. I was the only student. Got a private for $12! Deal!
Did you register yet for the 2nd Annual Wolf Pack Open on June 3 at Ironwood Golf Course? If not, call Mike before May 18 at 414-410-4519.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to rap as fast as Busta Rhymes and you loose your breath and just give up...
After a huge nap, I think its finally time to go back to work...
I think my description of , put it best: Baconfest: "it's like Comic Con for Carnivores."
Robber is going after women walking alone in Jefferson Park and Portage Park... stealing cell phones and purses. Be alert!!!
Lord forgive me for my sins
Can anyone recommend to me any Christmas-themed (loosely defined) poems or very short stories? The less traditional the better.
#NACA #students -speakers from Wilmer Valderrama to are visiting #college #campuses next fall. #prssa #events #conference DM us
Lunch plans? Why not slide on over to Acme Hotdogs today for our Tuesday $4.25 All American Combo Special! 4989 Cleveland Av.
i just did bey! pleez follow me! o and can u give me sum advice on bein a singer?
transforms your photos into art.... Ha!
This week's featured She Shines! Entrepreneur, Madeleine Eno, of In the Write Place, makes magic with words. Read her story at...
newer Star Wars or the originals?
I sent you an email.
I always tell myself I'm just gonna open the fortune cookie to read it, but then there's an uneaten cookie in my hand.
2 chainz be rapping calm af for the whole verse then randomly want to scream one line...lol
w00t! See you there. Also going to check out #wherecamp tomorrow.
I just changed my twitter name to from ...personal branding here I come!
I'll heat up some spam for you.
That's crazy. Always wondered about that.
where can I watch the #uclaandersonTEDtalks? Video archive? YouTube channel?
Our #glutenfree cookies are now available in Wash Park, CO!! #gf #celiac Any Nana's fans live in the area?
People talk about writing in coffee shops all the time. How do they do it?! I can't shut out all the conversations.
Some say the glass if half full some say the glass is half empty I say u gunna drink alla tht?
Envy. Going again this week, I think!
Cops on horseback practicing moves in Kohl Center parking lot. Careful tonight,
Thanks for the follow -- and we have reciprocated.
because you need to... There is no explanation needed lol not just because iCant think of why
Fantastic work by prof leadership #BethMann #TribeFest!
My kitty is now on Twitter. Yes, I crossed the divide.
I love her, today Cause it's wednesday, I won't be late I don't need to know if you're feeling when I'm free
#SMTips: Open a savings account. Many Americans don’t put enough savings away for the rainy day. Do you have enough to live on for 6-12mo?
That reminds me, are you going to make it to THATCampLAC in Austin at the end of May/beginning of June?
“: Never seen the titanic #iwannnago”
preach it. That excuse is used to cover fear of & anger at many things. The God of abundance, who we claim to serve, gets muted
Officially done with gateways. Free at last!
i wanna read this good ass book my teacher was telling me bout.
Truly amazing the sports world is talking about Junior Seau but still no mention on yet (as of 2:49 ET)
No prob thanks for showing me your true colors :)
This is crazy. If Kansas wins greatest comeback in NCAA Finals history.
Rainy days and rainy nights in tennessee
I have a question for males that beat up other gay males..what do they do to effect your life in any way? Isn't that more girls for you??
I don't care if I don't get any sleep tonight. Night owl? I think so.
Fly home right now and play ME3 so we can discuss. PLEASE!
Chicago plays Monster's party. Will they sing "Does Anybody Really Know What CES Is? Does Anybody Care?"
Somebody will always read it dont be afraid its always fun reading new stories by new up coming authors
While cooking that big holiday dinner, you can still exercise. Do calf raises while peeling potatoes, use canned goods for shoulder presses
did u see the live performance he did of "For Your Entertainment" at some award show? He was banned from going back...haha
it was an excellent point
Who's enjoying opening those patio doors and taking in Spring?
Raul Garcia, Chairman of the Arts & Business Council of Miami speaks up in support of the arts
Respect my mind
same here but Idk the table :)
So happy to see this happening just down the street. :)
Disc golf with Pastor Dave today @ 5PM... We will meet at Miamisfort by Shelter #9. Pastor Dave has set up a "beginner's course" for us....
wait?! engaged! - what did I miss?! #inquiringminds Congrats in advance!! :)
I can't wait to meet and have you all together in Tokyo!
My wife beat me in our league this week. Do you know where I turn in my man card? Or is it automatically revoked?
everyone i have miss saavadra's address let's egg her house
I don't have to go back to work until Monday morning. Would it be bad to sleep until then?
lol bet, guess ill go tent shopping o.o
I don't mean to brag but I'm about to perform on the stage GABE KAPLAN used to perform on!!! (Also George Carlin & Steve Martin.)
Bottom 5: King 1, Churchill 1. Game 2. Churchill leads series 1-0. Churchill strands a runner to end the top of the 5th.
It's like I knew man.
Teacher: please turn in your homework You: we had homework...? RT if this has ever happened to you
listening to this smash that wrote! smh lol
#NFB GO FOLLOW HIM.
Snow tonight in Massachusetts. Oh I love you New England!
thanks for the follow man! =D
kik me fool
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
Xenophobia vs bad grammar: RT Dont expect me 2 follow u if your grammar's worse than that of a fresh off the boat immigrant.
Just wrapped up a set of Christmas songs at Turf Valley. Back to Buffett, Chesney, etc after my break. Good night so far!
i have no where to talk here /:
I'm so tired. Going to take a nap? #TeamFollowBack FOLLOW ME? <3
Stupid Office 365 is pissing me off. Microsoft, you make it hard for me to like you sometimes. UR about to drive me into the arms of Apple.
So are you a tea drinker instead, or simply a no caffein person?
Q4: How do you set rules about consumption? How do you enforce these rules when your kid is at school or at a friend's house?
Did you wash your hands? "No! Sometimes it's worse. I didn't touch anything; I'm trained"
Omg the security guard is bobbin his head to this bay area ish, hella funny. Getting his groove on while securing the building haha
I need to get to work on my ed session proposals ASAP or they will never get finished. Mission for the week. :)
thx for following , we look forward to showing you our cloud platform
i sent u a D.M. ...writing some material for ya' ...lmao!!!
don't delete them! Embarrassing past entries are always so much fun to come back to. Plus you can track your growth!
thanks for the RT!
where's the MASN set?
love the haircut--one can never be too flapper-ish!
u guys don't much dirt neither
Tuesday, day of new releases! Beast Coast and Beach House, Squarepusher, Cribs and Green Pajamas to name a few!
YES! If we had British tv here, I'd do the same, but I don't so I can't do anything about it.
Is your online reputation more or less important than your actual fleshy one?
At Kung Fu Saloon with the Young Women's Alliance!
Helped out w/ early morning prep for #SakuraSunday. Had a shiatsu massage/enjoyed some Cherry Blossom festivties/performers...Headed Home!
Time to have fun
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
i am sitting here reading your tweets. (: wbu?
yeah. I'm furious. That's why you will be seeing me at lockefield haha
thanks for that
Don't be dumb. Stop sleeping on the new Beirut album.
Free seminar for veterans on benefits and more starts 1 pm at #CV Elks Lodge, 901 Elks Lane 91910, off Telegraph Cyn Rd east of 805.
shall we DQ something different or keep it casual with the local Dresden British Petroleum serving barely half of 31 flavors?
it's ironic then how you tagged that last tweet with "#fb"
come cuddle.
Good to hear - you may be qualified. Follow, then DM me and we can chat.
Me too (Mike)
This #Thanksgiving? Happy to be in the States to celebrate after many years abroad! Thankful for welcoming friends n Marietta, GA
pride n prejudice...lil women..and wizard of oz tix in sale now...www.yatkids.org for more info
WE are all about LOVING a GOD that LOVES PEOPLE!!
last night too!! Watched the C's you know. Wish I was there & Fringe was new!! Love ya man!!
Not everybody, knows how to work am body, knows how to make want it...but boy u stay up on it.....;)
lol and watch for any cars that r following u
I don't watch it, and yours was the first tweet "about" it on my TL
happy new year everyone, our best wishes to all in this new decade, keep moving forward, live your dreams,
Reflecting on 's talk, question lingers about where on the slope between data model & processing model this forcing occurs
Happy Veterans Day to all of those that keep, and have kept us safe. - The Campopoly team!
Bear with me everyone I am just following my training for twitter....so have to tweet upteeth times!!
Im Too Young to die, Come on nd Turn Me On ..
This rainy dark weather needs to go <
The fish is ready to be served! Mt. View 301 Evelyn Now!
I'll bring the vegan cupcakes! RT : Thinking about planning a get together for my big 4 0 this summer in ATL
I did. In script analysis. :(
Bout to go back to sleep I'm out wat doe
ryan reynolds is ugly.
Thought I was locked in the trash room.
Graduation practice today was wow I almost cried... Were the class that never fail mighty class of 2012
50% of soc media-exposed searchers search daily for product terms, compared to 33% of non-exposed searchers.
Aloha and happy veterans day!
love your avi, there is nothing better than being a dad.
ok thank you. you know where/when they will be signing? thanks
I mean yo homies miss stingy
WWE Fans, tune in to Smackdown tomorrow night on Syfy at 8p. There might just be an "electrifying" announcement during the show! Guesses?
I'm doing all I wanna do & I won't stop until I can't move.
Go vote for <3 cuz i did!(:
fuck wit me bro wer u at
plus theres a certain boy thats been keeping me smiling enough not to care about the janky guido i used to date =)
whats awesome is thats all there is to it. 3k and he comes. no competing w/ other states or anything! THAT EASY!
I'm as big a Bucks fan as anyone. But when the playoffs last 12 weeks and the Bucks are never in them, it's fun to have a team
#ForcesOfNature Dont think i can Tweet anymore my fingers hurt
twitter war between and right now. I got my money on tk4. Any takers? Odds are 4:1 for Slim and 3:1 for tk4.
burned 393 calories doing 45 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
Hey! Free idea Microsoft. Instead of me typing out a backward cryptic 25 character DLC key, use kinect and scan a QR code that you give me.
Love venison!
M&I a part of the BMO Financial Group will be giving away 1000 ice cream cups from 1-1:30 today at 780 N. Water St-first come first served.
Heard it's great, worth the trip across St. Claude. Also, want to try Shake Sugary that new bakery a little further down St.Cl.
God I want to fuck Allison,end of story she has a flwless body
A question for my friends in the Arts.. True or False, more needs to be done to generate support and interest for the LOCAL music scene? L…
how about the happiest, most satisfied, creative, rich people's list?!!
I love it when Tebow serves up a dish of crow to all the 'Haters' outhere specially Jim Rome, How's that taste jimmy? Are you burning?
RT Not even going to pretend to be a LSU or Bama fan tonight
no ma'am it's st Beauty Ballroom not
Today I choose Success
I hear the DJ is buying the first round tonight at Skybox! Get down tonight for Karaoke + All night Happy Hour!
I'll be at next Thursday and June 2nd. Roll thru!
thanks for the RT - how do you spell tax payer relief:
yippee! I'm now pretty :) oh and btw, Cenzoooo. Have babies please.
RT : MT : Investigation of credible report by US Marine on location of missing Peking Man fossils: SA Journal of Sci...
RT : Misses you today. <<<I just talked to you a couple hours ago sheesh but ok I miss you too. #Sheesh hahahah
BIGGIE greatest rapper ever....PERIOD!!!
“: Does your campus #stuact office do any summer campus programming? What types? What is your typical attendance? #sachat”
I'm see Avengers at 12am Friday/Thursday!!!
Protein bars. It's how I stayed full at night!
good morning!
U DICKEATIN TO
UNC may have to suit up their towel boy against LSU. He could run into a "laundry list" of problems against the Tigers.
Damn the girls in here so FLY!!!!!
I stopped watching after the 90s lol and Tyson
Had lunch at Center Club yesterday. Lots of great networking and great food!
shift in personal interactions in education - face to face is complementing online classrooms. Boettcher
We are both drinking lone star beers off camera.
I bet there's a rainbow on your TL.
I realized after it wasn't an international holiday but glad I'd wished u a happy day! Go mums everywhere!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Thank you to all the incredible teachers around the world who connect young lives to culture
Thanks for Yorkie replies! He is on-off good/bad; overall very sweet but his playful bites...teeth very sharp. Has rags, toys, chewables
What the fuck is with that picture? Jesus judges you for that hair and 80's glamour shot.
Thanks I appreciate y'all, im just stating the facts, we men have to start treating our women like Queens and cheating on them.
Cheating is a choice, not a mistake.
hi there
Do you LOOK at the pictures? Are these nice ladies rapists/violent? WTH is your party teaching you,to hate & lie?
Miss you bro <3
My split ends have split ends. Time for a haircut like whoa.
Shes all like "I LOVE JESUS!" -
Thank you for checking into The Harp! See you soon!
yeah! let me know by the end of the week :D
Deep (geek) thought of the day: Is The Hulk happier or angrier on St. Patty's Day?
thanks for sharing the Creative Connection post!
Mission "Curb Appeal" is complete. Wrap party us Wednesday
Happy Valentine's Day Gorgeous! No, not you, her. Yes, you!!
how many ppl are there on site?
you better go to burton tomorrow!
Teething. It is loud.
It's not who you are that holds you back , it's who you think you're not. - Annoymous
Sheridan Drive, you are all that is evil.
Ben Stein, who is neither President nor genius, is making pronouncements on who is a 'presidential genius'.
Cool!!!! I saw the space shuttle parked at JFK from the AirTrain.
What a diss is really for? :) RT Annoying hoops to jump for diss follow project plan flow. Diagram: bit.ly/iShkYu
Oh someone crashed the boards!
Stopped in for a meeting with Brian, at Burghardt Sporting Goods new location at Brown Port in Fox Point today. Nice store!
Push it real good
TONIGHT! stop by and hang 9PM. Viet-Ruse/The Colt of Us/Kevin Sanchez. Backbeat Magazine's Live & Local Sunday Showcase. FREE!
I legit thought you were mexican. For a long time.
I guess pizza after?
Petitioners to reverse 's ban on medical mj dispensaries collects 1400 signatures, raises $15k first month.
Prepping for the new facebook #timeline rollout TOMORROW! excited? We are!
THANKS for the RE-Tweet we appreicate everyone spreading the word about free mental health services!
Live in the #20% Hahaha! Although the #80% could me more beautiful! Haha!
Passion for #Fishing and the water. Nothing soothes the soul like the smell of the ocean.
No dolly just sticks.
its adorable:)
yeah. Well hopefully it all works out for you. If you need anything, I'm here okay bro?
O LORD, destroy those who look to this world for their reward. But satisfy the hunger of your treasured ones. (Psalm 17:14 NLT)
“: I declare. is the grandest field marshall of all. :))) #custserv”. We agree, PROPS to our man Roy! ;)
The #Buckeyes visited 2014 WR prospect from Fla. Tyre Brady today. "I was very excited" he said. He's 1 to watch for heading into next year.
First time in my life I walk into a place and am asked if I want my regular. Feel like this is some sort of life milestone.
Thanks so much for the mention, Mary. Wishing you much joy and peace. Happy Wednesday!
how about I let you give me an exotic massage on my overly broad shoulders & linebacker back & you quit reporting on Aliviane
haha i would rather jump off a cliff!!! u think i want that tramps sloppy seconds??!!
Same bus driver is asking what route he's suppose to take. And he isn't kidding.
R kelley concert tonight!
I'm pretty sure I can see my breath in my house.
when do u want to meet up? Mi casa o tu casa
talking about the future?
and I hear it also stimulates hair growth ;-)
A2 I have worked w/ a few clients who've banned it (various reasons), then abuse email/SMS. Doh!
how's life (: haha
Hmn, a Libra? this is a frst :)!
That's because it wasn't really announced. Give me an e-mail and I'll send you one back with the brand signature/logo.
Emma Stone should host next year!
I really need my son to take a nap. I have a lot of homework & studying to do
The Jade Monkey Twitter site is Alive! Alive!!!
oh..I'm so glad! You are welcome! knowing i helped makes me happy.:-) can't wait to see it!
Just did my first Wood & Vine wine dinner for 22 people from one pig. Proceeds go to Pie Ranch.
I wish austin would think twice of all the people hes leaving behind <U+E401> Im so proud of how far hes gone in these past years! <U+E022>
Most of the images of reality on which we base our actions are really based on vicarious experience
Congrats to our favorite new FULL PROFESSOR !!!
I can't be comfortable being over 140lbs. I can't move easily so I avoid overeating. I just hit 140 two weeks ago & I'm miserable
Whats your favorite programme on TV?
Come hear about our project at the panel "How Different Organizations Use Social Media" next Thurs Nov. 5th at 8 p.m. @ McShain Lounge @ GU!
For buying my first house cause I got da one we wanted, got da pymts I wanted, got a G back along wit a tv!!!
Facebook isn't a very good customer service system.
Chatting and bonding with my love, you can never know too much about your partner! This nigga got hella stories!
May the Lord give now my family the strength to get the through all the day to day moments when her memory sneaks up on us & threatens tears
u should set up a foundation.
RT This $30 pizza better have pieces of real Italians in it.
Haha kay! Goodnight! (:
Am thinking it's probably a good day to go get those Christmas decorations out of storage.
Tell your guests to bring their bathing suits!
Happy Friday everybody! Come see me at the #MKEAirShow this weekend at our booth along Lincoln Mem Dr. and say hi!
This nicca might have thirty kids..nasty and irresponsible
And birds
"I could maror myself to death." -
I thought that person was saying nobody likes YOU, which I was about to disprove with massive evidence.
how are you gonna call TMG when you don't have gangsta to test?
Glad to hear it! Hoping you all become soon! : )
I thought TX summers had to be worse than IN but found out last year that it's nearly as bad, because of the humidity of course.
I have often puzzled about this-is there an answer? the temporal aspects may be part of the work, like earthworks.
Ball so hard!
Amazing deals today on
Ok so got home last night gonna get ready for night out with wife and just like that we both fell asleep on couch
"Sometimes, I want to punch words right back into some people's mouths.” So. Freakin. Bad.
slowly trying to get back into the flow.
Goodbye, us know when you have more features...Hello, and !
katy katy katy katy katy love you
Can't wait to hit the road with and get to Cortland to see my baby boo :):):):):)
Watching Mad Men and drinking scotch with my dad. You have my permission to be jealous.
On top of the world when I'm on top of you babaay.
Sign up for our newsletter at www.wearelux.com this WEEKEND ONLY and receive a free ebook on Internet marketing! #retweet :D
If what we are doing with our anger is not achieving the desired result, it would seem logical to try something different. - Harriet Lerner
Good talking to about the Brewers this morning! Look for it later today on and BCB.
I think this is the technical term for mom's injury. Intertrochanteric Hip Fracture, top of femur...
Thanks for your patience this morning !
is amazing to me because of the lyrical depth while having kind of a fun sound to it and plus, Austin is the FUCKING man
It worked for me, it’ll work for you. - Better Fitness Daily - It started about 10 years ago; I woke up one day and said, "I feel...
#tebow down to earth. Go #Patriots #Gronk IS Superman!
London - control yourself
sponge bob duh
u da man
Woohoo! My time off for Idol was approved! So I have the day of and day after off. Yay for vacation time!
"I should've known it wasn't going to work out between my ex-wife and me. After all, I'm a Libra and she's a bitch."
Sometimes you have to do that.....get rid of that unwanted fat and I'm not speaking weight
Mcdonalds and dance moms....good night
Keep those calls rolling!
Time for *Best Things We Ate In #Pdx Last Week* (in the tweets that follow) in no particular order...
you have a degree in commitment to women studies. minor in early marriage
Mexicali tonight party hell yeah ;)
Merry Christmas twitter love you all
Isn't that strangely refreshing?
I LOVE MY LIFE!¡!¡!! IM LIVING
Pres. Obama and Mrs. Obama honored by Nat. Coalition for Homeless Veterans for their leadership to end veteran homelessness.
lets go! lol
Classes are now being held that Main Campus Extension. Go to link for detailed info, www.bramsonort.edu/direction/index.html
Doing it big on a Friday night, gettin my Wicked Spoon on. Doing it big with the wife and kiddo that is.
Buffett and Coke's relationship may sour in the near term, as the soft-drink giant seeks approval for a 2-for-1 stock split.
Feel the love. RT : About 25 mins until and on stage #TNW2012. Brace for awesome.
Out of school w/ Erin Sam and Kyrsten ^__^ <3
Do you think they can bring Bizkit back?
Perfume commercials
Heading downtown for Holiday Parade, don't boo us too badly if ur there!
I had British tea when I came to the UK last year, it tasted so much better.
Hard to believe The Voice could get better but it did. Justin Bieber will perform at the finale!
More evidence of your brilliance FYI, Leif also has what I call the "Vulcan" gene. He thinks this planet is interesting.
There's a special place in hell for people like
Missed the contest? Don't worry! We're giving away a few more pairs of tix to Friday's performance of "Mozart & Brahms" around 11am!
At #TheAcademy waiting to c cast of #BreakingBad! Wahoo!
let your love come down!
You and your midnight premiers!
im praying for yall:)
Nice. Cigarette-smelly guy cutting in the souvenir line "I'm from New York. I don't care." RAIN, however, is fabulous!
lmao duh. I was born yesterday I was born in ninteeneightytwo fool! Lol
well now's a good time that you have all 3.
Im not gonna make austin feel bad about him moving.I am actually so happy for him that he gets to do what he loves. Im going to support him.
Is congress listening to all these challenges. "Send me the bills that create these jobs." What are you waiting for?
five websites to work on this week, several MB of C code to create, I will reward myself with some studio time ... just me and my guitar
An individual who can't get genuinely excited about his work can never be happy or realize anything worth it.
he does have, but has a new boss who has input & control. GM made the announcement, but don't think that really means much.
Quit trying to jinx the man J Go!
Me too!! Hell yeah!!!
is one of the funniest girls I know hahaha
Thanks for dropping in, and thanks for your service to our community. My door is always open.
#ColdplayOnIdol is awesome!!
setting up a monthly donation to #plannedparenthood is a great idea!
Escalator + Slinky = Never ending fun .
#SaySomething is amazing <333 I have it one repeat right now! Keep up the good work! Us #MAHOMIES couldn't be more proud! <333
YAY is back!!!! Dude spread your germs on me so i can get a few days off... PLEASE!
Chris brown! XD lol jk he looks like this rapper its name starts with an s
Does anyone out there have the hook up on matboard for cheap
Looking for opportunites in SF/Bay Area in archiving. Any leads?
The draft hasn't even started yet and I have a feeling it's going to be painful.
Damn right. RT : I don't care what anyone says…. I'm waking up to go tailgating at 7am
Sometimes, the Wrong choices take us to the Right places.
Break the rules. Stand apart. Ignore your head. Follow your heart.
hey. dm me.
I hate seein my friends upset :/
Omfg im bored.
Today I: played with an iPad, talked about Huger Games, & listened to old interviews...all for work. Libraries are fun.
Dont be afraid if the dark
Practicing the use of hashtags in the #ltcsome workshop.
yeah and they had the best peach tea
oh that wuz up
Head is killing me. Fml.
New Lotus Slider Trio: Blackened Tempeh, Mediterranean Falafel, Spicy Vietnamese BBQ On Dinner Roll Style Buns Courtesy Of Sweetpea Bakery!!
Get on my lap and dance.
you guys get to see me to :))) wow lets party :)
Fluoride is a toxic industrial waste product, which may be contaminated w/ lead, arsenic, aluminum, and other industrial contaminants.
gotta get my make dne first
See you soon! : going to see the #Royals tonight :)"
What's going on? Why not fair?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I'm sending you a snowstorm as a present. That's so nice!
hey(: havent tweeted you in awhile :o do you miss mine and conversations about how sexy you are(; lmao!
I may or may not be getting a pixie haircut today...
If you get a chance, Kuma's Corner in Chicago, a metal bar with awesome beer and the city's best burgers.
Thx for the shout - hope you like the app as much as we do ;)
yhu r so pathetic,yhu wanted my number, yhu wanted me 2 send a pic....YHUR CRAZY just leave me alone...yhu soo pathetic
Bob Kerrey was at Michelle Obama fundraiser in Omaha on Tuesday (via pool report)
Ew. Just had a manager joke that he didn't want me walking too much because he wasn't OB-GYN certified.
After dessert?
Thanks !!! Let's do this again!!
I would have used the elevator.
- trying out TweetDeck
Kobe. I can't even. Just. Wow
I haven't been to blur since November.. It looks different up in here.. I like it
www.SeductiveDreamWear.com SEXY LINGERIE, SEXY SHOES AND MORE CHECK US OUT LADIES YOU WILL LOVE IT
Very good exhibit. Took close to an hour to get through it.
That would be manifold functions
Let's go
Who can i call yo,
On the surface this chandler parsons vs Kevin Durant matchup seems to favor the thunder
I'd they teaching how to Dougie, I'm condoning dropping out
Dose #thosethreewords Puff Puff Pass.!! mean anything
. we visited back in November - was so impressed. It was a nice day outside, and still the 1960s exhibit was packed! (1/2)
I guess Ericsson doesn't change whether he's playing defense in Detroit or Stockholm.
I have that shirt! And one that says bebsi haha I got them when they came to Chicago for an Arab fest n it was awesome (:
Fitness centers have been one of the strongest growth sectors since 2009. The personal fitness segment may have the most potential within t…
RT : Smoking ducks for dinner next week. I can't wait for NYC!
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back!!
lol no But it was definitely slurred
I WANNA GO TO TEEN HOOT SO BAD.
i'm really sorry to hear this. but it sounds like "not fitting in" there should be a point of pride, maybe. but :( and <3.
grass sledding has become an official sport. #carlproblems .
Beye, Bassong, and little Charlie look like leaving their clubs, My hope is that all roads dont lead to Tyneside for them
so u hard cuz u goin to atlanta
We featured this month! 1 of the 5 Innovative HR/Recruiting Technology invited to the iTalent competition presented by HRO Today...
Are your words worthy of being Retweeted by God? If not then don't let them come from your mouth!
From the business side, a publisher risks more the more pages are in a book (price of a book is not linear to the # of pgs)
A stranger bought Thomas and me our tickets to The Avengers in IMAX 3D. He might work Thank you for the kindness.
Treatment. Check. Music Video coming.
The best place for #thaimassage and #bodywork in southern Cali: by #sandiego Specials available.
Uh what... Is this what I think it is!?
Flying HIGH! Checking in at MCAS Miramar for this Air Show!
Hey #Boston! Want to see our Vertical Fashion Show up close!? We are giving away 300 pairs of mini binoculars outside the hotel from 4-5pm!
finaly got my phone fixed. thanks
You make me feel like I'm living a Teenage Dream <U+2665>
that's why I believe people you
& Will there be a boot camp this summer, & if so, are there dates? I have a couple faculty interested & asking...Thx.
He will need 2... One for his ass and one to dedicate to chuck Norris
Live jazz this evening at Braxton featuring The Paul Marinaro Trio 5-8 pm braxtonseafood.com
thanks! PS have you seen - online community for kids' to share the stuff they make (thx )
great meeting you at #sxsw at the booth. Drop me an email and let's plan to meet & talk more!
My mind forgets to remind me you're a bad idea.
Yes, I'm happy with how it went! Let's see what will result out of it! :) Thanks for asking dear Rachel. Happy day!!!
The tweets coming from Apple event almost make me want to be in college again. Almost.
The new shop downstairs makes coffee ice cubes. They are clutch! But I do get sad when I drink faster than they melt.
New #virtualoffice in #washingtondc opening in December! Call #davincivirtual for details. My Twitter Crush is Davinci Virtual.
everything will be fine. I was like that my 1st time 11 yrs ago lol. Really 8 hrs? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I thought it was only 4 hrs?
bored i guess i will have me a drink (wine Time)
you are absolutly right
It's u it's u it's all for you!
#kids have so much #energy! -_- idk if I can keep up! We're playing #sonic. Like pretend. Im a horrible actor/imaginator!
Bruno Mars is my crazy obsession (;
alrighty.wrapped Dead Men The Series On To Dead in 5 Heart beats
Just finished reading a short story that was written with powerpoint slides.
Sacrifice is giving up something good for something better.
online. Adrienne Archst center. If you check it out let me know how much $$
oh okay thanks again lol:)
Or be a cheerleader. Really don't want to though done been a cheerleader in elementary all to high school.
attending confernce for entrepeneurial librarians at Wake Forest.
I am sleeving my SOTM game right now excited to play with friends this week.
As far as Germany extends, it ruins culture.
Ah! I am going to miss Pretty Little Liars! ) ' : Can't wait for the next season!!
You will be missed! Best wishes and keep in touch!
It's official! We are LIVE in our new location! Goodbye, Georgetown. Hello, Fremont!
Hello How long does the private beta lasts? What happens after that?
Miller to McGee TOUCHDOWN DENVER
Young lady preparing for her Bat Mitzvah helps raise funds for our organization, Children Helping Poor and Homeless People. Thanks!
Would have loved to watch it if Fox didn't black it out for out of market viewers.
come on Nova
canon is WAY better than nikon
watching #teenmom of course
Call me zeeko
RT : #Obsessions $2UESDAYS #MykkoMontana LIVE!!!! $2Drinks N Food Specials All Night!!! (via )
nope...driving past it though
#YoMommaSoFat she uses a space shuttle as a vibrator
hahaha it says 2009. i know i miss you all to :(
thanks to all new followers ill be sure to follow back!!
Is it weird to like the smell of airports, jet fuel etc.?
miss your face ;p
It was WILD'S 1 Yr Anniversary this week! FREE Workouts yet TODAY & SAT! Call for class times! #414.364.0181! 2469 S. #KK in #Bay View!
Sittin with a cup of hot coffee, reading a good book and listening to some good tunes. Perfect Sunday afternoon.
Of course I'm all over it. Seahawks look terrible.
I love the color red
too bad you cant just slap the shit out of people that need it
Hey, & ! Remember when we squirted salad dressing spritzers in our mouths?
#fox13gmm the suspense is killing me!! 10 min to go!!! It better be amazing & not just hype!!
Rebecca Black might have a concert today...a one song concert.
Beat me to it! ": or wine and job apps?"
Monday is THE day!! You get a marathon reprieve but starting Monday, I'm going to be annoying. Care to join me? ;)
Done debating abt #Ravens.Peoples animosity comes from a dislike of how we win or the City of Baltimore in general. Nothing football based.
On to Cali we go! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
At the plams... Chilling need to light this blunt.
"Rules without relationship leads to rebellion."
Email inbox is blowing up w and notices. A new wave of the internet is upon us.
Can hardly wait! It's gonna be H-O-T like the savanna.
My #fridayreads is once again THE CHEMISTRY OF TEARS by Peter Carey. Trying to finish--a lovely but challenging book.
stop lieing u look thick
I thought about trying it out, but it might be a conflict of interest with my current job.
You think? RT : No way. Been MUCH worse! Willie Wonka? : "Dark Shadows" = worst Tim Burton movie I've seen.
I think babe is texting me, but my phone is in the corner charging xD
LOL...trying to be the bigger person here.
I once triple checked for a car behind me when leaving, knew there was. Ended up reversing and tearing the front bumper off.
yes I know. Hunger games was 2hrs20 mins. It's just that a teenager's attention span doesn't usually lost that long haha
I had a pair once. slipped in kroger, threw them down the aisle and left the store. never used them again.
Where the hell are we?? Bye
I'm gonna go ahead + watch tonite's *but* I'm still reeling from last week's episode pimp culture near
Wonder if they have chocolate covered facon. Of course the chocolate wouldn't be vegan. :(
Is pirates of the carribean just on continuous play on abc family?
haha no I was just kidding lmao
are kissups ..it is VERY annoying....
Does she?
like a champ
#np Daphne loves derby - You versus the sea.
thanks! Love you too!
My head hurts.
It's hotter than THE SUN
Aw I'm sorry to hear JoJo :'(
fancy coming to give me a hug? as im leaving today and its going to be an emotional day:'( #bemypromdate :) <3
fun times at retreat tonight!
Hoping that maybe she will like the nice guy for once
Last season... No new ones yet. RT : New or old UsDs? RT : In #sandiego is replaying both #sherlock and...
R brad pitt and angelina jolie married?!?!??
oh okay! lol
Posted in VIP at Club Antro
#orioles can hit, just can't hit power arms. Against Feliz, CC, Verlander, Price... Just no chance.
We've switched back to at least in the meantime
Wow. I'm tired. And delirious. And possibly about to land flat on my face. Which after all.. is the problem with falling.
I find it impossible. But you... well, you know. Sigh.
The lady just said "richmond is always 2 years behind on fashion." is this true? i am pretty much tee shirt/jeans guy
I hope you're ready I'm bringing all my roommates and you girls will have to actually drink this weekend
At my first session. Ready to hear about the future of media!
So exciting that is here at for our annual arts festival! Our students are lucky to be creating their own plays.
brainstorming names for a new product.....time to pull out the thesauras
Memorizing lines while doing cardio is one of my favorite things.
How is this a year old and I didn't see it?!
great meeting last Thursday.Our club is growing literally thanx to all the leadership, members and guest who make it possible.,
Gym would be AWESOME. Massages aren't bad either :) MaralynB
Everytime I try to swype "I'll" and "k" comes up I fear people will see it and think im
Important to raise & advocate feminist issues in LIS profession make it VISIBLE in other ways
Quel Desastre! Feel sorry for any entrepreneurs who choose to stay in Gaulle
So good to see you made it to #RDChat!!!
I had to break the habit of picking up phone @ light when I was unaware of sirens from behind until it was close
Me either. I don't like the ultra-personalization. I think it's a huge step back from what the web's supposed to be.
someone I know is going to be in a ducking movie.I feel cool just for knowing her. Now I'm seriously gonna try harder though. :)
Yes. Should force him to watch Star Wars: the new hope (i.e. the good one). Not "clone wars". Ugggggg. Or, force a fun, classic pic.
One follower more!!! :D
Since Lori M. never claimed her free night - Theresa Varrelli it's yours! We love follower feedback so thank you! We'll message you.
First refreshing District. Defined? rehearsal tonight went great!
CAN YOU FOLLOW AND LET HIM KNOW SENT YOU PLEASE <3 and you get a shout out
Legally require couples to take financial planning, parenting, and communication courses before they even apply for a marriage license.
got cha bluffs ass
it's so good! Haha the pizza's huge tho
guess i should go to bed it's almost 11 :/
Just had coffee with my physician, , in his lobby. Does your #doctor let you do that?
#ItsCrazyHow u say u care but u still go out n do dum thing
yeah, none of those fatal flaws will show their ugly heads again when the gov is running healthcare. Puhleeez
No more green shoes they have NO traction
Got all our scratches done tonight with and Great success!
You would totally kick ass on Where in the World is Carmen San Diego!
Reasons why im weird- I told my teacher I wasn't sleeping, I was praying
Q4: Yell real loud and spook my cubical neighbors. Then upgrade mom, so I can stop remote supporting vista. :)
Many thanks to my lovely accountant and wife, Jane-Ellis Griggs, who submitted our taxes yesterday.
I need to shave. -__-
Bah humbug! My life is so boring without D: Missing him already...
My email box shows a RSS feed w/2 titles: Blog your book and Don't blog your book. Will we ever be on the same page?
Interstates show March 11th w/ Menomena at Headliners.
Business conferences are important, because they demonstrate how many people a company can operate without.
my phone doesnt wanna turn on :(
In the city doing what I do best,ACTING!!! I dance pretty good too lol
lol it's a street,but that e to the last stop is where we would pick you up from.
Emotions can move us frm left to right if we let them, they're not stable, always changing hence 'motion.' How many directions r u going?
that's tha sad part about it
It amazes me that people don't see what they have untill its gone.... She's gonna regret loosing him & the 1 shes goin back 2 hasn't changed
Tickets are now for sale on the UConn Alumni Association website for #UConnBasketball v. #Providence. Current students welcome.
Getting ready for TIE Conference in Colorado... ;)
who be? The secret identity is exhilarating!
The Econo Lodge down the street may have $500 a night rooms by the time Friday comes around.
Dark Baby Rave
In traffic and loving it, thx
Is your day off to a good start? It is a beautiful morning!
I want to move to either Maryland, Virginia, or N.C.
The boys are Mother's Day shopping...
Working at a public library has taught me that all children scream at all times.
yes, in LA! just seeing if I can do something remotely to help. :-)
have a great Friday also !
At our Community Employment Center,our dedicated staff has placed 600 Essex Cty residents into jobs.Empowering Communities...Changing Lives.
Thanks to everyone who helped propagate the Cider Revolution over Passover! Great success. Freedom tastes good!
Matt Flynn started in 2 games not 1. 2010 vs. New England, 2011 vs. Detroit.
feel better
Harry & Izzys sounds wonderful rite about now !!!!
yeah, we are spending the day in the city tomorrow and meeting some people. so it's fun.
"The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination." - by Tommy Lasorda
Love Gucci and Prada!!! check this out girls, pure fashion and sexysity....
I wish I'd been born a Muppet.
just thought I'd let you know that my sister is singing swag It out in the bathtub ;)
Just saw the dark shadows trailer or a McDonalds commercial. Not sure.
Huzzah! Great news...MT : has filed cloture on the China currency bill, per
about to go to sleep
we hope so as well :)
"The Science of Wine" on feat. , on SF Bay Area's KQED-FM (88.5) in just 15 min!
an enchanter trapped in its own being...
I don't believe in wasted time
...may be a lil late for an answer but Jessie J...duet with Chris Brown..wud shake things up on many levels
ppl on my tl katie rachael jenny & paola & they're tweeting each other then theres rosa and her stardoll Harry LOL
kudos #OctFC in the house RT : big launch party,performance in 90 mins. It Going to be a sexy NYC
Cut,Deep Conditioning Treatment, and Brow Shaping-$70. And get 20% off a service when you get the special for your mom.
oh and DM me for a special sorry gift. apologies again.
suck. I'm sorry.
nice! Lmk when you strike out, I'd love to see you :-)
Whoa. Carl's jr. commercials
sadly, I'm booked that night! Raise lots of money!
baron davis
gn errybody both my babies graduations r 2mor momma gotta get her beauty sleep right after my glass of wine :) stay blessed
nice dj drops and advertisement tho I was cool with the older songs but I didn't expect to see treason tracks..
I'm sure somewhere people pay good money for water that's had flowers soaking in it.
New videos are up, check them out and like or dislike them it counts !!!!!!
It is rare to discover a business partner who is selfless. If you are fortunate it happens once in a lifetime.
#nuwebinar Busta Rhymes. Jefferson Airplane. I'm enjoying this webinar, obviously.
amazing song accompanied by the video :) I love it :) , i love you :)
Would he still be ignoring child rape?
Still undefeated... Go O's!
Watchn whitney houstons funeral on tv
Praying I get this job!! Perfect hours, perfect location, and COFFEE.
I'd go Jones over woodhead given the choice, Pats have 2 many weapons to make him a big point getter
the claw isn't lowering!?!
Let's go IU
Haven't heard of us or don't know where we are located? We are on 164th in Vancouver right behind Walgreens just before Big Al"s
Scottsdale! I miss it sometimes! The blondes, the tans, the implants...The dream.
Why are these folks at Wall Street acting surprised about the police reaction? The police act like this all this time.
"Mizzou silences KU fan's terrible golf joke by winning the National Championship on their way to the SEC."
"And now I won't vacuum my house alone" - Emma Hill
RT : Congrats to Japan
LaPlante recorded his 10th save of the game. Denver still trails 7-6 with 11:30 to go in the third. .
#np asap rocky - goldie
OK...enough of Luke Russert...switched to a guilty pleasure...Dateline on ID:-)
Mommy!! Where are you at with those vocal lessons!?
We'll be only making 150 Manhattans at the #bmorebookfest this Friday - first come first serve - get there to secure yours.
Thanks & ! I'll have to talk with my agent, aka , about future opportunities ; )
Dontarius Poe and Roger Goodell Just had them a little eskimo kiss. Haha.
it's so late over there go to bed!
Measures of success for museums: blurred line between visitors & staff, visitors leave wanting to work there
Thanks for sharing Gwydion's video, Gohar! Glad you enjoyed it. Keep the music coming!!
": it's ok. You're not in the NL East so we can still be friends." Cool-till the playoffs (which we wont be in)
I just did a search on Google - there are hundreds!
God Morning! starting my new classes today.. out of my 1st waiting for next to start, then 1 more afterwards
Wow! You're actually on here!
Brought #proud let's save lives people Happy birthday marvin :D can't wait to see you tomorrow Aston :')
complex keeper league... gave us Britt, Delone Carter and Joe Addai plus my 2012 4th round pick.
follow back?
I love you and so much. You guys rock.:)
Patriot fans, celebrate your Super Bowl victory tonight at your local Kenyan sports shop!
Wow 21 days till Christmas!
LMFAO...": Kobe was too busy downloading doodle jump when Steve Blake took that last shot."
Fuck It I don't want to Go to Court, But damn, I spent 1500 on a Lawyer though, Fuck it Im on the Run for the Money....
we are recording the #workstyle webinar for later playback - thanks!
omg same here :/
maybe he (or she<--Not judging...) has westsideaphobia.
I'll be back!! Hello obviously you need me lol miss you
Every cloud silver-lined cause You're with me... :)
I have an exo-skeleton of dried paint
RT: Remember to put Castle reference in some of ur tweets so people searching will see what it's all about #TellHimYouLoveHIm< I do
You don't get in life what you deserve, you get in life what you make of it
always.. can't wait for #Jimmyv'sSpeech #ESPY's
An ongoing creative alliance among , and Georgetown (Goldman+Power) is brilliant counter-programming.
“:Besides pride, loyalty, discipline,heart,and mind,confidence is the key to all the locks.Joe Paterno"joe forgot about honesty!
Need more followers!! Get #flowdaily out there people!
congrats! And don't you love Fall weddings?
Throwing out $9 worth of tilapia is enough to break my heart.
This is so fucking stupid ! Uh fml
yeah. It's pissing me off
One way to promote your business is to get involved with public speaking, specifically on a topic that reflects your image positively.
RT : Got chills watching #OneShiningMoment. Thankful to have one more year of this amazing experience.
Just moments, one after the other, instead of living so many years ahead of each day
I think she made a smart move bringing him along! LOL! Shes good too :)
A month to consider our mental health: Thankfully, there are many community and natural resources that can help people find support a...
I'm officially taking that as a compliment!
going to bed in a bit early school wake up :( should i have a red bull or so for when i wake up
Great first period by USA. Lead the Finns 1-0 and start the 2nd period with leftover PP time.
why u say that
I'm up this afternoon at the HOW Interactive Design Conference, talking about Type on the Web: do's, don'ts and maybes. Over 600...
lavender moon cupcakery :)
Yeah man...thanks for the following
Vernon--"is there a usable past?"
The second demo of #hapihack called Energy Dashboard used our api...it's a mashup of a whole lot of energy data!
dude irritates the shit out if me....
what's the NTN mean?
i do as i please
Davis sq smells like red bones right now! I'm so hungry!!!!
Yayy my dress is ready!!
Hill is on da bench biting his nails off lol
I smile, listen, & agree. Then go on and do whatever the fuck I wanted to anyways. Don't tell me a thing
Recording drums coupled with a midnight showing of twilight
U/D Calvert - Air monitoring on all floors show no levels above 2nd fl. Some units going in service.
Feel sick .
It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory
Really wanna hang with and ASAP!
Has anyone in the book club received Cheryl Strayed's book yet?
On our way to the Franchise & Business Opportunity Expo in Charlotte, NC this weekend..29th &30th. For free admission send me a message!
Love that Jordan stood up for herself & Jeff and her points were totally valid. Kalia just killed her game!!
Happy Birthday may all yur wishes come true, hope yuh have a good day love nd miss yuh lots <3 :D
What's up Bro??????? You don't like the tribe?
thanks for following! We are launching our private beta tonight. Your logins are on the way!
I assume that Josh Hamilton is having a great game simply based on the # of times has mentioned him in the last hour.
I wonder what those old comedians who made livings cracking wise about airline food are doing now that there's no such thing.
1st or last. hate the 2nd one
dude if these are lyrics then they are SICK!!!
Heading back to Cali!!!! Next week... San Diego!
Dialogue and empathy brings change - what a concept - great discussion
I donnnttt feel like moving at all /:
what does it mean?!
#onlyskinnyppl sniff markers to get high
Let me amend - Shutterfly 'may' buy #Kodak Gallery. Depends on bidding process. But sale of KG to be this spring, regardless of buyer.
"A genius is one who shoots at something no one else can see - and hits it." ~ Author Unknown... Ready... Aim... Fiyaaaaah!!! ;)
Nice hairnet pam,it really shows off your forehead
TY! RT It is fabulous. MT Hard to pick just 1 Amy Einhorn novel They are all so good, but I adore REMEDIES
For the 2nd year in a row, two schools in the Northern Lakes Conference will coop next season in boys basketball ... Laona and Wabeno.
Im Not a friendly mf -- dont EVER assume that ...or you WILL Get cho feelings hurt "REAL QUICK"<U+E40E>
If the supremes bounce health care, Cheney should have to give his heart back.
We are over on Bainbridge and have Mother's Day dinner w/ family.
I'd still smash
Or... once again, finding new ways to cannibalize the fabric of culture
I mean "all that's wrong with society" ? It's all your fault Joey.
14-year-old subjectivities in an age of mass distraction and ennui; *sigh*borgs
Had a great burger at
Hell Yes When And You Got That Link ?
can I possibly get a birthday shoutout from you?
Thanks for the retweets!
Online search engine Advertising and marketing -The Complete ...
Never did I mention that it wasn't my intention.
Its Aite I meant to change that today.
I fuckin hate when my battey die
“: well in that case as I always say #getmoney she gotta understand... Ain't no way around it!”AMEN SIS<U+2755>
#Salute RT : The Def Jam flag is at half mast today...
"If you don't have any facts, we'll just use my opinion" - Jack Dorsey Great quote!
hey who won the last #findfriday contest?
I wish I got paid to sleep in.
Even with a warning from I was surprised by the speed and ease of the Berlin public transit.
Ah Iced Chai Latte how I have missed you!
Name three things you would want if you were stranded on an island. Go!
“: Let me put this blind fold on you just relax and enjoy what I'm about to do to your body!” :0
Want to follow all of your group. Do you have a list posted anywhere with all of your twitter names?
lol! I'm the same way :)
I would but I have a hitting lesson
Got some spark
or just dumber ;)
I love yo Sexy Follow me please
cause you work in new york
Gah, my skulls are on back order. >:(
When you're on the outside baby and you can't get in, I will show you, you're so much better than you know.
Getting in to a fitness routine to tone my body up...hope it works!
donna. dont give me this right now. im double parked and i got the food.
1989 called. It wants its halftime show back.
Alyssa Mehnert's recital starts at 2pm in Auer hall! Come out and support her!
Rappers with egos? Id rather be a regular dude with dope rhymes. That ego trip IS really funny to watch, though.
I really want to be in bed right now
haha I don't remember that part
Hey following ya! RT : #followme I rap for
Attention Westlake Seniors 2011! Vote on facebook if you would like to have our single "Time Is Of The Essence" as our senior song!!!
York FTS. Good racks. Not the best but pretty good. Adjustable top and bottom. About $350 + shipping. $420 or so total.
Dainty pastels and fragile laces are making us eager for summer
Oh, Craigslist... You're such an asshole.
At 12.30pm EST do a Twitter search on #digped. As the conversation unfolds, you will see it update.
My pleasure!
Brahman... is the absolute state of perfection beyond which there exists nothing.
thank you for the shout outs! Much appreciated!
what did u we used to say from that movie?
What doesn't = success? For me, finishing the book, but not meeting my creative goals for it. Falling short of my intent.
A flat whisk is best when combining flour and fat...I need to update my kitchen tools!
Awesome! Looking forward to it. MT Look for me on #thewarroom with Jennifer Granholm tonight at 6pm PDT/9pm EDT.
Nothing happens without first a hunger and thirst for more of God!
You done good. Thank you very much! Much love to ya Gramma Kaye!! xoxox
ist me or black friday is now black thursday!!!
thanks :) I thought about it twice but decided not to bc of my bestfriend.
What's the hobby?
not for.. but with <3
i hate when ppl ask why i dont have a boyfriend... cuz i dont want 1
Zombies in space!!!!! :D
uhh, we just went over the homework. All we have for hw is to do notes for our test on Tuesday for slopes & all & to turn in any
I dont like arguing I rather walk away.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings,
Haha, I think it would scare me a lot, walking into a room and there is a 'person' there!
while out for an 11 mile training run for I got an unmistakeable whiff of the chronic from a passing SUV on Penn Avenue
I might go to hell cause I'm down with Esham
Evelyn u need to pay ur asst more money cuz she look a fuckin mess
ok:] can't wait to see ur vid! xo<U+2665>
LOL OH BOY
good luck with the game man i hope yall win
NEW Spring Hours starting this week :-)
11th Circuit finds the individual mandate of Obamacare unconstitutional but leave the rest of the law intact.
I did coke for the first time in
Any chance of using your song in a new series airing next year?..
Looking forward to your visit to today for KC Cole's science writing class!
Gene Lamont's Diet Book
"Rasputin" is the most fun song to dance to on Just Dance :D
Little girl: "I didn't get no trophy" Mom: "You gotta rose, so you get to go back to get another trophy." Little girl: "YES!!!"
Alright, it looks like there's consensus on #ilf11 rather than #ilfannual. Bring it on.
I just straightned my hair and its curly af and my hair looks likee crap
True that Bill!
PR Pros Wanted!! Have a passion for your community? Put your skills to work DM your resume. Pls RT
I'm homeschooled for this semester. (:
happy birthday !!! Hope its everything you want it too be :)
Thanks for mention on your site and the RT.
I know just the person to confirm that statement.
trevor was my first friend on twiiter. i ust make him somthing and upload on to pc so he can print it out and have it. hm.......
fuck everyone else as long as your happy, right?
Butch Reed had good success as mid level baby in Georgia, Florida, and St. Louis before he entered MSW as a baby.
Betting the ponies at Keeneland...tryna win some money for the Kentucky Derby next weekend
How many times, how many ways do I have to say, "the offer was rejected"? I feel like the mom of a 5-YO who is trying to wear me down.
Woke up to find the world just got considerably less profound. Hitch is dead I guess. Happy trails you miserable old bastard.
If a girl takes her time to get to know you.. She mean buisness
Thanks new followers, tell your friends!!
what day is the ManU practice
Sometimes wish wasnt so popular so i could acually just talk to him as friends
&#39;Bucket list baby&#39; dies unexpectedly
#Tweet1800 for all members of ! #Chamber #HipStreet #Descants ! <3
,I am getting well
Nowhere near time to go..fml
Looking for a Lead singer...???
Ready to gain some new insight tonight from from WagEd!
I bring it back to what I have said for the past 10 years: there is ZERO accountability in the Baltimore City Public School System.
They have an alliance with the single sock eating monster!
yessir!!!! Thanks for coming out bro
#favmoviequotes "She doesn't even go here !!"
#KONY2012 please watch the video and RT. thanks guys. means a lot.
RT I'm only a lesbian Thursday-Monday.. >friday thru Sunday u like guys lol
“: Niggas wanna talk? What they gonna say?” I hit that pedal till that mo'fucker break .
RT A4. No, food as a reward is a bad habit to start. Id rather enjoy foods than feel that I earned them. Moderation at all tim
We want your pics of the Pikes Peak or Bust Rodeo. Email your name and photos to
lol i know :)
Thanks for including me in Christian News Daily's top stories!
hey tell this kid its not cool to follow everybody
See you in 3 months NY.
We know U can shoot the puck at Hawks game, how about half court shot skills?
Finally Getting my hair done<U+FF61><U+FF61><U+FF61> by a Professniol and not me
I was in computer science and was an IT practitioner but have had a life long interest in antiquity and religious studies.
Retweet if you are a dangerous and stupid blonde
Phil Hughes talking to the minor league call up in the dugout. Possibly giving him pointers since Hughes did pitch into the 8th. Haha
getting ready to go out is like a big fucking broadway production thanks to the girls.
So has anyone seen our commercial aired on CW?
How the hell you gone get fired.. on yo day off ? LMAO
Understand Toronto series helps #Bills viability in WNY. It's a good thing. Just always think about how much money Ralph's made since '60.
thankyouuuuuu lol how are ya sugar??
RT if u want me 2 follow u!!
Tough is your middle name.
plus maude & i had 3 friends over (Unkle Cocoa,my stepbrother Timmy & cousin Eddie.) DadyG is gonna make me sum turkey now
today's a fucking gift that's why we call it the present
I'm coming back to visit real soon. I trust that there will be plenty of cold Red Stripe awaiting.
Come as you are, as you were, as i want you to be, as a friend, as a friend, as an old ennneeeemmmy
Anybody have a brandy slush recipe?
Another Amazing Code Red Friday! Now comes the Big One - THE NEW YEAR'S EVE BLACK & WHITE BALL! Arrive Early, this one's gonna be packed!!!
Billingsley throwing hooks. Thank you. Need your boy Jansen to close em out.
People always say #free boosie or other criminals that need to be locked up and taught a lesson.
stressing importance of bridging the digital divide. Says her plan would depoliticize the school board.
Walk-off wild pitch! Classic #Nats win!! (Friggin Lidge!)
After I looked up what CES is I had to look up what CEA is: Consumer Electronics Association, owner and producer of CES. Now my head hurts.
Why today is a good day: Ike's had toddy mix! It's not a million degrees out yet. This weekend is
when r u coming to visit me
I Like Your Hair !
YW - I really do enjoy your tweets!
The vulgar comments about cocaine use and the discount AARP cards were thoroughly disgusting. I'll never watch u again.
Enjoyed sharing my thoughts with MY community. Let's Tune Up Lea Elementary!
She's got a sunshine smile, the kind that makes you forget again
its okay the damage is done ...
E! got a twitter reply from a rockstar! Squeeee! ()
Just came back from Target. Got me Breaking Dawn the book (wanna read it again) and a magazine. It's a little but a lot for me :)
Thanks for joining us last night, ! Which flavor did you get?
I agree with every word you've said!...don't listen to the negative comments, because you're right:)
how the staff went about getting rid of him... Not the students and alumni
Oh Virgilio Panera, you make me want to improve in this language to appreciate your stories even more.
Are you a fan of doing crunches? Next time, put your tongue on the roof of your mouth, it will help align your neck!
I swear, the only thing my two sea monkeys, Franklin & Louise, do is fight. I think Craig is the only sane one.
I'm in an excellent mood today.
That moment when you and your mom have something in common
What, Yes I am :o ! Holds on let me check cx!
Ready to be in my city!
What in the eff is happening?!?
I know. I miss you. Ill see you at the mtg :-)
portuguese test = the most easy test in the world but not so easy as english test xd
you can create a contact and then add all the words that you want iOS to not correct. Especially useful or swear words.
but did you get a look at those muscles?!
Getting ready for the Adrenaline show at Dan McGuinness on Spottswood. Join us for the Cinco De Mayo party.
nothing just laughing at your tweet
Finals! New school! Get my car fixed! & Mothers day!!!
I don't know what to do
Just finished the Cherry Blossom 10-Mile in 87 minutes...not bad but not my best... Getting old! :)
obviously! Congratulations on a great season and graduating! Hope to keep in touch!
CP3 always involved in some weird ass shit out there lol
yea the line is long but not as bad as the Concord line.
Well that just made my entire day! I FREAKIN LOVE YOU BELLE
Tonight Johnny Chimes plays 6pm, Mike Massey & Francie Phelps 9pm no cover
That's true
: check my last FB update! Similarly sad and silly :-)
Good morning allergies, would you mind if I breathed for s minute.
Hard to impress because she's already seen the sun rise today & it doesn't get much better than that.
Thanks a lot, I was checking out the website and blender looks awesome!
We're meeting with last year's Greif Center's Venture Competition Winner on Sat So excited to see what she thinks about
All of us are in our pjs though! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
"Tommy" opening night!
Its way ok for grown men to cry.
PLEASE FOLLOW ! hes an AMAZING music creator! hes on youtube and i promise once you hear his music, you will b hooked!
A Chinese-fluent acrobat and a Juliard pianist? Sounds like the character premise of an indie film starring one of the younger Culkins.
This weather makes me wanna cuddle fml
Ihear ya baby get that paper and stay ahead @ all times
We have our inlaws' old one but wasn't much good without the rest of their stereo system.
please cum shut me up, all night!!!!
My pleasure taking them for Chicagoist! Can't wait to head back.
Laughing, Robert!
There are not enough days in the weekend...
do you know what happened to madison im so lost....?
RT : Profits from a simple single scalp trade today paid my months Gold subscription. This was my 2nd day in
very true lol . but yea it's better to not have people camp in this situation at least
Karaoke/adult McDonald's birthday is the new budget chic. Bring a pooch and it will be even more fabulous!
Good advice. RT : W/ all this snow & ice we've been getting in Indiana, only mistake you can make is driving too FAZZT.
Dude did you see scene? He frikkin killed it.
Listening to Christmas music.
Another anecdote on Black History Month: the Negro son joined the French Army using his mom’s surname, Du mas, who's risen to highest rank..
Reached out to Rob on Facebook. Thanks for getting back with me, Ned!
#CheerUpAustin this is really upsetting :(
that's what up.. keep in contact bro.. still got u on that photoshoot homie
How did I not know before now? (h/t ; attn ). Hey, #FF all of them!
Hey guys...glad you are tuning into Coast to Coast AM...commercial break now... :)
Where are you?
"That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward." ~ Words Of Wisdom Quote
my shirt from is arriving today. Can't wait to rock it on Saturday when u get your much-deserved award!
Excited for tonight: Dinner at Stonefly Brewery then off to Linneman's to see a friend's band.
Found an NYC equivalent to not giving a thank-you wave. Me: "Have a good one." Dude at deli: "Thanks." #WheresMyYouTooAt?
Number one reason to cut out of work early tonight?? is singing live in our lounge 5-6:30! Don't miss the fun!
watchin' Tv, just chillin'....my fav cousin's B-day is this sunday, planning to do somethin' special for him!!!
Why is Irwin hot in this house!.
Damn it. Apparently I need a Torx screwdriver to switch out the hard drive on my MBP. No SSD for me tonight.
oh nice that sounds relaxing at least... minus the work part lol
omg u finally got on twitter!
We'll see!
Glenn Beck has got to stop the self abuse. As the Nuns promised, he's going blind!
A1. In a tree-fort in the Amazon! Was amazing, except for the cockroaches that ate my crackers...
how did u come up with a great song put your heats up??????
Hek yea...enjoy it while it last... #LIMITEDtimeONLY ...Lol
I've been filming Jews in prison for yrs.Many battle addiction.My husband's cousin's son just got arrested for heroin possession.
I'll be on campus until 7 today. Tomorrow, wed, I'm here from 9 am to 6pm
White base fabric? too risky for summer jerseys or bad ass? We are contemplating a charcoal base color.
Please watch the video In my last tweet
My condolences : #PopeShenouda's body expected to arrive at the #Coptic Cathedral tomorrow afternoon"
Weekend or Special occasion wines then :)
Who's ready 2 see what we can do!? Meet us in City Hall TODAY @ NOON for our first press conference. We'll tell you about our great work!
Tip: Before signing a rental contract have your Realtor double check the property records to make sure it isn't in Foreclosure.
you as well! Hope to see you again soon!
sorry about your experience. Stay in touch I will work to get your refund. . Tservice-Improving taxi quality.
kick off is at 7:30 p.m.!
We can't wait to receive your application! But you'd better hurry...we've got less than 25 spots left!!
I couldn't get some of the rovell links to work for me. Frustrating.
Great job on the burger video!!
The vitamin E found in pecan nuts could delay progression of degenerative neurological diseases like amyotropic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
I have an aunt that talks about the characters as if they are real people that live down the road from her.
that is one of my best friends...hahahaha...
So excited for the Abduction tonight :)
no problem, thanks for following back
Never ever buy shirts. They're awful. They run small and get even smaller when you wash them. :(
yeah that's always been my understanding, started to question when I read the article you tweeted about gotta groove recs...
I think it's all bullshi$...If you ask me.
I want to go home
probably not cause I need the money
Tonight I finally broke my Lenten fast and welcomed wine back into my life. It was a very good decision.
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & XES Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!
Race cars, lasers, aero planes - its a duck blur
Idk what im going to do when my Jindo dies. It's gonna be tough to handle.
The Cantina Tonight. Dina n mulky behind the bar. I hit tje Decks at 10pm. I'll be giving out tickets to the Tonyc summer jam on sunday..
you'll figure it out...
My face is always happy. I never let fighting 1%, income inequality, and corporate greed ruin my good mood.
Just signed up for #drupalcampatl was great last year. Looking forward to the Friday business summit
Hey Tweeps! Know of any good people we should follow? Let us know!
whats up man, i'm a serious producer looking for advice on getting my beats out on the web ext.. got any advice?
Ha thanks Dan
Natalie Merchant is wearing a grandma sweater and Mary Janes, but her voice still. Kicks. Ass.
~you too! happy Friday!!~
I hate Ravi
Sometimes I really hate #glee bc they take songs that i loved and noone knew and now everyone knows them
Bout To Him That Early Morning Workout. What's Good With U Ma Dude
thanks! “: it was your birthday?! Oops Happy Birthday twitter bird”
oh no!! That's heartbreaking.
Makin brownies tonite! Nuff said. Hit me up if u down.
you already know your approval is held at the highest respect from me! Thanks bro!!
I only need one social network at a time lol
well i don't wanna just tag along<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
europe and the dutch r going to be breathless if u goin put it down like that....still dreaming about the dc concert....
it's always nic cage movies i end up live tweeting and i'm pretty sure that's because i always watch them alone.
RT : We've been nominated for 's Community Builders Award! Voting ends at 10pm tonight. Vote #betascape! bitly.com/CommAward
Juju is being really quiet... Time to check on her lol
I thought nothing could be dumber than the Mermaids, and then they created the Marlins Energy Team
Since I pay her salary, it is like I am paying for the wedding. Which I'm happy to do.
Oh I've seen them. Didn't get them though.
I've never referred to Kentucky as a 'commonwealth'
What I said today could have just fucked up at least the next 10 years of my life :S
After season I think ": WTH?! Chipper Jones retired?"
word thats how u feel but i aplogize not my fault
I didn't know YOU were here!
such a professional!
What does the US #senate do? Absolutely nothing!
you're welcome! thank you so much for listening!
Price of NY crude falls $1.17 to settle at $92.81 a barrel.
I need to get Internet explorer on my Mac
You talk it. We live it. You're jealous. Admit it.
he eats quite regularly.<----nominations are being readied for "Parent of the Year' for you! You are so special!
Only fat ppl snore (karen my sister) Haha -_-
y'all cumin ova by pooh crib bitch?
are you wearing socks?
Note to self, check the weather before going to work. Oops. Owell, a little rain never killed anyone. Did it?
Hi, anyone out there wanna say hi? Going to San Diego.
I wish my dog know how to use the toilet;(
I have 15 thank you very much!
First on my way to Lagrange walmart to raise money for the humane society from 11-1 on wqmf
Winner of the day: House Manager Tim for hanging out with Alexander the Violin while I hang out with Thanks, Tim!
if you were stuck in a room with a baby panda , what's the 1st thing you'd do?the panda is friendly!
I got the best pics and videos ever
Thank you to our substitute for telling us his life story.
Bermudez fouls a pitch off and we're under way.
I despise losing my wallet -.- I can't drive or anything now -_-
no fam luv I'm hungry too
If you’re not following — what is wrong with you?
that's the one! You here?
Yo! I got so many compliments on the cardigan today. Thanks again. This is the hottest stuff ever!
Wake up to Hockey and Now going to Bed after Hockey. #Lovethis #repeat #HawksWin :) NiteAll
Watching the #Obama2012. Michelle was definitely playing it for the middle class....4 more years!!
A4. While a treatment plan is different for everyone, ideally your family and any other support system should be involved
Abraham Lincoln said: "The people know their rights, and they are never slow to assert and maintain them, when they are invaded."
I did see that...and I might have submitted that. For some reason I'm not sure if I entered the contest or not! :)
Congrats to Kristen Brown and Bobby Marsic for winning a free week to SWEAT!
haha wine and good food can cure all problems lol
RT for a truth is DM :) Only if I know you though!
legend of korra = awesome thus far! can't wait for april :)
I know what that's like... It can get very frustrating.
Ah, too bad. If we dig up some photos, I'll be sure to include it in the write-up.
Glad to help at #SMCRVA last night. Always a pleasure to see everyone and to participate in the group
haha but do you know what it is b4 you click on it? :)
Whatever the lady does for a living on the new show series Scandal is what i want to do. Im a heck of a troubleshooter!
there are great writers at IO Chicago including me,please come there!
RT : We have partnered with & to launch the Waveland Summer Author Series!
Look for a book heading your way soon, and a video game to follow shortly. Hope everyone had a great fourth of July weekend!!
How u been?
James and I are sharing a cold. Not fun. He was up at 5:15am. When will he learn sleep good to get over a cold.
And if you don't, you might end up losing the ones who actually cared for your well being.
Too many pots cooking, unprofitable DEJA VU
sorry, boo.
With the world series set to start, I am eagerly waiting for the off season to begin. I hope the Yanks address our issues and bring home
he looks so handsome in his sombrero! :-)
Metro International: Anders Kronborg joins Investment AB Kinnevik as Chief Operating Officer
so did you solve programming after I left?
Thanks for the great week!
Best rendition of our anthem ever!!!
The Lying Game!!! :)
Why is it that the driver side seat in every car can recline? That seems unsafe to drive like that.
Welcome to twitter !
Monk seems to be my most favorite class right now!
I will take my personal trainer certification exam in the next month.
Reflections on #Eating at #StirOSU?
Tickets for the 7 are going fast fast fast! Don't forget to get yours!
long day today
SXSW Health sessions are amazing, showing how the web can revolutionize the way patients interact with doctors. Glad White House & HHS here!
Officially addicted to lost.
A kayak is a great way to explore our Anclote River!
#CBSNJDebate Bachman is right. The Bible also predicts the coming battle against Israel.
thanks for everything Zach
Jealous! None of my meetings get to take place at bars! Although there's the occasional drinking in the office :)
#latin quote of the day - Consilia Ciceronis sunt clara nobis. "Cicero's plans are clear to us."
You had to look up one title at a time, and they took the form down as soon as their consultation period was over (4/5?)
Look for Argyler at #soslam. You'll recognize the pants. :)
this next story is for you
Francis Ford Coppola: "You don<U+FFFD>t have to specialize - do everything that you love and then, at some time, the future will come together...
Happy birthday Have a great day bud.
why do you go from zero to blackmail in seconds?
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments. --GM! Happy 11-11-11!
Having lunch w/ @ #Amarin in Hillcrest talking about social media, #politics #election2012 and
People are really confusing these days.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Also I've been practicing my British accent this whole train ride.
RT : 4 words more important this weekend than "Let the Games Begin"-- Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce.
I love the avi for
I don't want information like that.
thank goodness he is gone.
oh cool
twitter, why are you being so lame?
Post Spin Brunch?! cc: and the gang :)
“: Haven't been shopping for clothes since last July...and it shows. #nomoneymoreproblems” shop in the kids section Same Size (;
hi dear ;) love your photos!
Wow! Marlene Bukstein and Jan Ruhe team up for a fabulous call for our Forever Living Global Team Call! Thank you to them both!
where can I hear your new joints at?
Don't question Gods word.
the 2.0 release will be available for download at the end of July.
That sucks to be Baron Davis right now
did you get my email about some American alternative lyrics for Victoria Wood song?
Warm, breezy 68 mi. to Elkader plus a visit to
Everybody is sick <U+E30F><U+E30F><U+E40C><U+E40C><U+E40C> thank God I have a good immune
I am thinking, coconut milk, perhaps making a sambal too
hey hey it didnt work cuz i put a space thing in there
The Sweetest Thing
Will you be watching SNL on Saturday? The Foo Fighters will be on and I don't want you to miss it.
tavern. Let's do it
Dear , I will be thinking of you all day. Wish I could be there to see you knock the socks off the folks of Douglas! Much love!
Been hustling my butt off. I haven't gotten around to it, but it's on my list!
“ ATTENTION : LEt's #Trend #RIPDirectionerPaula. She died in a car accident. and her last tweet was for Zayn. Ughh. SO sad :(
So..tomorrows the last day of undergraduate classes forever.
Dear food commercials, Nobody eats in slow motion with their eyes closed. Sincerely, normal people.
Tweet Your Seat.// Huey Lewis, because I'm still making it Hip to be Square.
It Gotta Be One Person That Will HAND MY MIXTAPE TO THE RIGHT PERSON
Where's the temple?
politics aside, everyone has a right to say their say, some say it differently, in song in poetry in prose...say it your way...peewaddy.com
i wont be able to make that. Im chillin at home cuz i gotta be at work eleven.
The Smart Fortwo is a very underrated winter vehicle! Glad you enjoy yours!
don't understand half your tweets but im still sat here crying with laughter.
"The work we’re putting in now, we have never done this before. We haven’t done it at this level..." - TJ McDonald
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm marrying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
you're welcome
"if this store were a restaurant, it would be a fine dining restaurant"
hehe! I had a partner on this but she decided she couldn't do it. But it was all designed so I figured I should try
I love the
If she call you her chicken strip # drop everything she rachett
hey maggie wamted to see what you Friday morning looks like. Or Saturday afternoon works also for me to come down there.
When you get a song stuck in your head, & its that ONE line.
Thanks for coming!
thanks max!!!!
Thanks for following
I think im finna show my mom what Jalen looks like lol
lets work on a trade. i want some beats by dre!
Tried to write at Books A Million tonight, but they've changed the atmosphere alot. Still fun store, but not good for focusing on writing!
LOLOLOL!!! oh man, that response made me laugh. ;-)
Trying to pack. I'm moving to another place. I have many things to get rid of!
Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain Rain rain rain rain
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Man if only the C's had come back from 13 or something. That would make everyone feel better about being down 9.
MSG can be found in dairy products, protein powder, candy, gum, some nutritional supplements, and even soaps and shampoos.
Come on out to the Women's Expo at Cashman Field today and see a bunch of vendors (Washington & LV Blvd.) 11-4
Hi, Goodmorning :) well its goodnight where I'm from but still...hope you guys have a good day :) x
Cars in to shop for the weekend!!!! Pretty stoked I get a loaner vehicle <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
Happy #CyberMonday! All new followers of and will be given a 50% off #discount code today.
Mom and Pop Gronkowski
I love your Mama <3
I was introduced to the famous #Milwaukee #FiveO'ClockSteakhouse this weekend. Best steak of my life.
Report to twitter for what,get a life off of this bullshit -having fun is not harrassment! #getoutsideofthesemakebelievefriends!
COOL :)! Thanks!
haHAHAHA he's like choking him
Heads up: Wed. 7/6: THE THIRD WAVE returns to Weird/rare/obscure postpunk, darkwave, gothic sounds & even weirder visuals!
I made Allstate!!!!
Health Tips: Lower your anti-nutrition intake and lower your red meat intake! Evidence vegetarians visit doctors 50% less than meat eaters.
Series 2 of Sherlock (finally) starts on PBS Sunday!!
RT : Breaking: NH Atty General says alleged shooter of Chief Maloney and four other officers is dead.
Snapper SPV2270HW 22-Inch 700 Series Briggs | My Site
Contrary to earlier reports, it does not appear to be because of the hand.
“: think you forgot to attach pic lol”well damn lol let me try again
Lol. I so know that feeling. RT : I always want Chick-Fil-A on Sundays SMH
Still waiting. :)
Tune is tomorrow at 11am EST for a live interview with Printers Market Place Magazine - myths about die cutting and more...
Toshiba Excite 13 Android tablet (preview)
Looking forward to seeing it. Should be good! RT : Just finished taping with #RachelMaddow! On tomorrow night.
Miss your great food!
When you just have one of those bad days and you know only going to dance will make it better
Check out site W.SuperImpactfitness.com and follow Us!!!
S/O to , You're super pretty! And we don't talk that much, But you should text me!(:
don't tell
I feel like being an asshole today
of course :)
About to leak that!
ps. are you still going to see head and the heart or did i totally make that up??
Realest Podcast/Show out there besides ha!
Seeing the 16th, Big Bear the 18th, and possibly #flaminglips in Aspen, CO the 27th !!
dont have a phone either.
me too bro
I'm glad she's not suffering anymore. Joy White will always be loved. R.I.P.
3 yards on the completion from Stave to Williams.
Only love lets us see normal things in an extraordinary way.
Send that to us and we'll post it too!
Blogging all that is good, bad, and weird in physiology and neuroscience
RT : I WISH I was. I have an Extra BB Touch Verizon I wld GIVE you! Only used 1 month :)
Spring in Texas...early, beautiful and every tulip is a reminder that God creates life and beauty. Enjoy the beauty and praise the Creator!
StoryPros #screenplay competition final deadline approaching at the end of October!
thanks again. Any time you would like to chat, please dint hesitate to contact me.
New Jack White album yes please thank you
insodious isnt scary just the things that pop up in it are kinda freaky.I was stalking your tweets about it from yesterday...
Focus on my
The columbus blue jackets: finding new and entertaining ways to lose games since 2001
#beirut trying to use this number sign... it creates a group?
I know, I've been quite busy haha
Harrow: Sport inspires a new form, the mock-mock heroic.
Amazing shows this weekend! Ingram Hill, Matt Duke, Marco Benevento, The Dangerous Summer, Down With Webster, & More!
nope lmao that's the reason why you didn't want it -.-
Not in a bad way, Sara! But on pg 1: Tiny Cooper "may b the world's largest person who is really, really gay" -->
“: In a relationship : Everyone likes you. Single : No one likes you. Does this happen to anyone else?”
“If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse.”—Jim Rohn
140 for four days im not sure what a single day is
Greg P Russell after 15 Noms! Maybe next year
Good, thanks for asking. Just trying to make it in the "Valley" all the other tech nerds.
omg my leopard sunglasses are totally broken, I must find new ones!
“: whats up baby i want to chat. msg me at yahoo at loveablewiney or aim at loveablewiney” Okay! Sounds good. xoxo
If you were mine, I would put you before everything. Being there for you will and is my priority.
I never really had a desire to do a #marathon until I heard would be going through the 'Shoe this year. Do I dare?
sup H Porter!?!?
Thank you! You are awesome! Kings are in line for another sweep!!
I got to check out your book my man. Hope kmitch tweets an update about his flight.
#TeamAlton without question. You + team = flawless combo of smarts and charm. Cheering for you & loudly.
You're good...get better.
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
sometimes you just need to caught up on sleep.Z... good night
what cities in tx ive ilways wantes to meet u and see ur live show ... quit ur lolly gagging let lolly gag it outta here
I do wanna go out for ice cream
Just did week 2, day 3 of !
really? We already went like 1 or 2 ninths ago!(:
Hope all is well with you and yours. Missed tweeting with u.
I've read more during this first week of classes than during our entire month-long break.
Hearing the audio of the SC justices has been so interesting. Much more than I thought possible.
That was supposed to be the implication when he debuted. He's not, though.
haha welcome! im good at noticing my twitter besty's new icons! lol
I'm wearing a jacket tomorrow just cause I fucking can
Im not making a mistake!
<U+2764>Monster Love<U+2764>
I love social networking.!
Morning! When you get a chance can you please leave on our A Youthful Soul, Inc. FB info on your company
Thanks for the RT! See you there!
Facebook riots are always fun until everyone involved unfriends you. Welcome to
Congratulations on Season 2! I'm sure it's gonna be awesome!
. I wish all women in tech were like you: smart, funny, and outspoken. Also, sick and demented.
Destination ulan batoor. 36 hours to go which means I can watch twister and jumanji 9 times each on the planes
Tracking six originals today at West Triad studios with Dominic Thiroux and Peter Buck. Erich Gobel will be pushing the faders.
Fool Us Twice Lana Del Rey, Shame On Us - Tone Deaf
eeeerrrkkk now I have to re-render everything in final cut, oh well COFFEE TIME BABY!!!!!! #patience child
Sweet! Thanks! I'm getting my Easy Tiger shirt in the very near future.
Rate Me :) Or Ship Me With One Of The Boys From 1D :)
ENGC... Shorts must cover today!!! Major run!!!
I'd gladly devour either of those delicious choices.
haha yikes that's a ton of hand collation.
My Spanish teacher just gave me a doughnut, Hella bomb! #Winning!
I'll go anywhere for the promise of wine and castles. Boats are only a secondary appeal.
friends lol how are you?
Although, I admit I've been more interested in QR codes since the #LCSN meeting. Have been reading up on their uses & stats.
Highly entertaining...LOL
Rice Park Hours are Thursday, February 2 – 10am to 9pm. Friday, February 3 - 3 PM to 9 PM.
Outside by childish gambino... I can relate
good days shoot for the Losing Ground team. Many thanks to and all their staff for letting us shoot at their SOHO campus.
going to take a break from studying soon and have a beer on the patio, enjoy before the winds hit
just dandy! Thanks for asking! :)
LeBron shitty he got his shot tossed
you still being shady?? Haha
When u hear expression "grow old gracefully" what does it mean?
tiesto @ borgata sounds like a good idea
Sweet jesus, think I am finally done this last paper.
Im stayin in the crib fa now on ant shit out here fa me nomo
I know love. You'll meet you're prince charming soon. I promise :)<3
When are you wanting to go? I have to finish some stuff at the office,
Adam " That's very provocative.'' Me '' Your moms very provocative!''
haha where in Mexico are you going?
Price acknowledges challenge of Smithsonian to reflect diverse ethnic experiences while teasing out a national consensus
I rather have 8000 than 1000
and by shootout I meant shoutout ;)
No problem! You caught me at a *really* good time so I could post it real fast.
Missing my Grandfather on his first birthday not with us. Always remembered.
If you treat me right , I’ll treat you even better .
While you're here, check out our friends over at the Rochester Erotic Art Festival. Thanks for the add !
Favorite Sesame Street character or muppet? I have a fondness for Big Bird and Snuffleupagus.
Wow way to be a fake. you got my hopes up thinking they were following me, but no I asked them and they said you were fake!
Your use of #hashtags impresses me.
Julie , tell Amy I have her phone , I found it in mr Rodriguez's room
Enjoy a glass of wine with us for $4 till 4pm!
...and Kyle Orton just began to cry right into his newly purchased terrible towel.
Hell yeah lol
Headed back to #pittsburgh today. Totally forgot my wallet. Thank god I have my passport so I can get into
Just saw the preview for Battleship. I have to say, I kind of want to see it now.
Here come the west
And texting you makes me happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I wear a belt with my pants even if they fit me perfectly. I have no good reason for this.
seriously?! I've been totally ignoring my fangirl life lately and idek what's going on
yeah only commercials coming through on the app, but now they sound like alvin and the chipmonks!
Excited for #12NTCCollab with and
Clayton endorsing artist here come follow me now on Twitter. New available on Amazon, cdbaby, iTunes etc..
Is there's any doubt?
oh yeah
Evryone go follow his
If you need google+ let me know!
What's people how r u all doing today?
#WhatIMissMost your hugs, your laughs, your smile, holding your hand, being with you, holding you.To sum it all up.I miss everything about u
Happy Birthday to my alma mater National Orange Day is the perfect day to kick some ass on the court!
please!! Actually I don't know them but saw them on SNL and made me think of your comment.
Keep calm and hail to
I wanna go home and watch Heroes.
You already know!
The most beautiful line is "But, I love you." The most painful line is "I love you, but..." See the difference?
“: So, how mad ARE you . . . on a scale of 1 to Serena Williams?” You CANNOT be serious!
Lmaoo the other day we was tlkn bout how if we could kill ppl n get away with it no problem alot of ppl wud b gone Smh trife
If "Man or Muppet" does not take home the Oscar, I'll lose faith in the whole process.
Full #Moon in #Scorpio tonight threatens emotional boundaries, secrets, & dramatic over-kill. Be CLEAR on ur feelings & ur protection!
Does the "DLS" rating for #SNL stand for "Dumb, Ludicrous, Stupid"? And what's with the music act playing on an iPad?
I hope it comes out though
Whenever I watch Ellen I just get really annoyed with Sophia Grace because she's ALWAYS THERE but then Rosie talks and I'm like awwh.
just convert youtube vids to mp3s, who uses cds nowadays? Lolol
We're a new restaurant in Lakeview focused on great meals and sustainability. Come in and check us out!
Sent $25 to Obama. Still feel like I want some merch
Just took a nap
your pretty GRAND (: <3
I dont even fit...in this car.
no problem :)
Ok. Randy Moss is kind of a jerk. But for some reason I find that I like him. I dont understand.
Ah had amazing start 2 my week! A two day symposium to learn all about new hair techniques, My <3 came home and now work? Can't get better
The lack of an equity calc drove me insane. There was no "consolation prize" when I got sucked out on, no firm sense of whether I was playin
your unbelievable lol <3 you would get so many followers in less than an hour >.< ya te cres cause your popular Lol
And people say baseball is boring...
I haven't but I hear it's amazing. Hey, any font favorites for the interior?
Always great advice!
It's Monday & there's no new video?! What is this?
Thanks :) Appreciate you saying so!
Peep game
u okay?
Ops I ripped my pants
Dear , I heart you big time
TCG / LA Tanya S and I host a breakout cocktail pool-side: Unbearable Transformations in Theater/Theatre: Saturday 06/18 1:30, Biltmore, LA
Wanna do a good deed? Remember to thank a journalist next week- check out madison chap of SPJ for info
I hate this shit!!! Not talking to you not seeing you not kissing you & knowing you won't be by my side?? I hate that </3
I hate you right now...
Turnout at #republicanprimaries at record low. How will that translate for #generalelections?
It appears that 98% of foods cause heartburn so I must figure out a way to survive off lettuce and apples. I'm looking at one bland future.
Have to sit & talk with the man that tried to tear my image down today at work. Lord,give me wisdom cuz i may knock him out.
normally people say it back lol
Stay motivated to become better as each day goes on..only the strongest survive
Listen to KBUC - 102.1 in South Texas to hear my interview and a peek listen at my upcoming songs.
RT : But he's so damn adorable!!! #chicken :)>>>It's more a case of knowing my tolerance and limitations. ;)
Thank you!
I know SF Giants fans the world over—yes, we're global—would appreciate that very much
"The meaning of life is to find your gift, the purpose of life is to give it away."
Pens earned this loss. Hopefully this game will serve as a reminder that you have to play for 60 minutes, not 20.
Oh, it's cold outside. It's the perfect time to buy tea! Wed new teas arrive! And don't forget our tea sale. See you Wednesday at TeaTime.
thanks 4 the interview, that meant a lot 4 U 2 call, not many artist would do that, love 2 have U in Frankfort sometime
my fiance apparently sat for 30 mins for #mindfullness today. He calls it being lazy though. Need to work on that perspective ;-)
Correct. If you have not been issued the city carts, use your current cans. But make sure you set out at proper times.
maybe not a fight as much as cutting off the poor old lady's oxygen lol
why is everybody so hype about may 5th? whats going on tomorrow?
Have a song stuck in your head? Comment/tweet what's on your mind! We'd love your input for our spring semester song selections. /yd
We're at the "Machine Gun Preacher" premiere!
And I read about the afterlife but I never really lived.
we could never forget you!
But you are too. B/c of me.
I wanna rock out to some
There may be no better lyricist than Robert Smith of the Cure...
what one did you apply to?
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment - Jim Rohn
I'd consider myself an obsessed member of that club MT Yes. (re: start David Quammen fan club?)
even as a Nono-obsessive I would never have imagined! Hoping you will review....
Jim Leach of NEH we needs spirited political discourse not mean-spirited.
I am so glad to hear this this is taking too long now these women need justice!!
Thank you for retweeting!
Happy Birthday Madison
field workout at 5. I'll drive and hurry home/shower. Should be over ~7:15
OMG! If I put up a video like that I'd be in a a grave :o
#GoodThingsInTheWorld exercise cuz its cuts the fat out the picture.....
Loves SyFy, Loves Music, Loves Science, Sensual, Romantic, Physically Fit & Slender. LIVES IS MINNEAPOLIS,MN & is Single.. Where R U ?
Great ideas, thank you for sharing them!! Have a great day!!!
Commission begins discussing So Cal Assembly districts starting in Riverside County.
Crystal ain't no beef . U da reason for my fan base . We good I just be drug talkin .
my sisters are still laughing at justins tweet to mariah, they're 20 and 21...
right on bro i appreciate that!
Museum impact is tangled up in new or larger buildings and more programming for larger attendance figures.
we shall create it out of Paper and Plastik
Stoked for tonight! #MovieNight w/ le peeps! its been too long! :)
Howdy! Good luck with your querying later this year. I will be right there with ya.
I only have one RL friend that could possibly be Throbbing Gristle fan.
uh-oh
woww ! ~ i love this one :DD awesome !
; my phone, my account, I'll tweet or text whoever the fuck i want.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx diary of a mad black woman
I know it's 8 at night but Need to see ya homie so I'm gettin in my truck and heading to your school. Cya soon!
That's "Date an Entrepreneur, The Soft-Core Edition". :) Blech.
how much do you tip a cabbie in doritoes?
#sorryimnoysorry “: Yankees RHP dislocates right ankle, remains hospitalized this morning after undergoing surgery ..."
23. #Brewers 8 #Padres 3 | Ryan Braun explodes / three homers and a triple / feels home in So. Cal.
Happy Easter everybody!
I'm pretty sure were the first people ever to play rock, paper, scissors over txt! Haha
I followed just so I could immediately unfollow them. Carrying on with my day now.
I'm sure she's not being dramatic about either.. Tell her congrats for me! RT My baby lost her first tooth today. *sniff*
- ref decisions not going Barca's way either
so jealous.
lol You know it!
FINALLY!! I got my pic up. doin my thang!
Ready to present at #GRID2012 #UMD about Multilingual Use of Twitter
We in the ABQ, if you haven't hit an ESELL auction your missing out! PROMISE YOU
show the bartender this tweet. $2 naty. All Monks followers.
Work time, someone should visit me at work today!
old black ladies LOVE me.
Lmao no. :3 I wish. :') I ordered them online.
This movie owes me an apology.
he said he is having a graduation party, next week.
Hey followers make sure you welcome We need to help him get more followers. He's a great man now that he is on Twitter!
.....Australia is where Im moving my family// Haha! I wish twitter had a 'like' button.Just spit out my coffee laughing! :)
:D I know. But what's not awesum is me and i no 1 other Arianator got hacked! #NotCool. Rt??? *Bretana*
oh jesus, what did I miss now
None!!! Rick Ross can't rap!!
my mouth is watering
HAHAHA! love y'all (: please follow?
And thank you for being Alaska's best liquid export!
I can't understand why people say my girlfriend's legs look like matchsticks. They do look like sticks - but they certainly don't match.
Any Realtors that would like to contact me to handle clients with short sales, I pay referrals and am very experienced with short sales.
We Miss Kidrauhl Covers ! (:
Saw lastnite and fell in love!! Keep rocking ladies, I'm bumping better off now.
AAHHHH! Happy birthday :) how old are you?
been waiting since that day...
OMGfact: The inaugural #LEGACY dance party was booked three years ago today by Dark Sky. It happened 7/3/2009 @ Cantab Lounge.
Is it sad that I'm excited to go to subway! :D
Sweatshirt at AFP: second amendment: Americs's original homeland security
missed Waldo? When?
Well the storytelling live was amazing. And I have a major girl crush on MC There. I've said it.
Carl Perkins' record of Blue Suede Shoes was the first to sell 1 Million records
that is every dr or lawyer I have ever met, Shitload of book smarts but no street smarts...
Why is Santa's sack so big? Because he only cums once a year
thx for the follow keep the quotes coming!
I really like your outfit! You are looking very pretty as always
I'm smart like that. Duh.
sleepy. x_x you?
Saturday show! LA ! Who's coming?
Good morning
soaking up the sunshine, loving the 80 degree weather, and appreciating life! Happy Friday!
Thanks to all who attended UCLA Library's 1st ever Teaching and Learning Services Workshop "What's Your Teaching Philosophy?"! A full crowd!
Again, early childhood development is key in order to become a successful and productive human being.
Watching the movie dont be afraid of the dark with my family and my cousin
I'm telling! :)
Come out to Burt's Feb. 13th @ 9pm for the My Bloody Valentine event and help us raise money for the earthquake victims in Haiti!
Definitely considering a maid service...
RT : Welcome home Prodigy, now help get rid of these wackass fuckin rappers. Techno/Pop/Club style Rap needs to be
wow your Dumb now get dressed so we can go eat
if you need some inspiration just let this song play #better<U+2665>
oh my god i love you u r so awesome!!!!!! So is the whole of one direction
I know. Too long! Everything is good. Have a wonderful Holiday season. :-)
RT you off today ..yea
Phillip Phillips is cool but every song sounds the same
"I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be" xo
Good Morning, & I will! Senior recognition 2day RT : God Morning !!! I hope you have an amazing day today! <U+263A>
It'd be an awesome fight though!
thanks Danny:) You made My night!
i wish i could pull of jennique's hair.
you might enjoy using www.bubbabrain.com with your new smartboard
Communication + Trust = A relationship that will last a lifetime
tell me y I watched that the other day and was weak LOL
Go to that link and you can download it!
South Region! Not easy. Could have been much much worse. I'm really surprised cause usually it's worse.
Will be discussing Indiana education on Fox 59 at 4:45 P.M. Be sure to watch!
WHAT THE HELL! By <3
Ordered my Callaway Golf Shirts for the season! Nice to be a promo apparel distributor. I love the product and so will my clients.
This Committee doesn't have jurisdiction on taxes so we will not vote on the increased tax on alcohol, which I have discussed.
nap time
Bowl season, gotta love this time of year. Finished up a midnight meeting next step is the airport at 5:30 am. AZ in the AM
RT "Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence."
Just like Matlock!
In other news the #Orioles are rolling over the Sawx. Adam Jones hit a ball wicked fah.
haha Seriously?! why is that person writing to you abt this? i would rather give scholarship $ to someone more humble...
Sweeping junk mail has been a part of my daily life, so I'm hoping to eradicate that with what I learned today
So, yeah - that was me who fell on her butt in the middle of Decatur Street. ATL doesn't do snow that often, but man, do we know ice.
Thank you Katie, I will as soon as I am able..Todd
Good Vibes
im watching it right now
the credits in these movies take an hour on top of an already lengthy movie. Last time I stuck around, I felt burned
Kobe took that shot in the face from DWade personal...see how he destroyed DWade and fouled him out. Love Kobe's KILL Attitude!!!
I think I just followed you. Also, it's really damn hard to tweet at you when your name doesn't show up automatically.
"this is even better than I thought #meatballs from a trashbag would be" of
You may have won your game, but you lost her heart.
We Love Damon Elena
Make sure you grab a copy of the San Diego Business Journal today! It has an ad created by yours truly, and an OpEd piece by Major Lescano!
Oh yeah.... happy sweetest day people!
hahaha oh nice. Maybe another day?
haha yeah man,considering we were trying to figure out who put bleach and cat litter on one of our cars.better not have been you..
The VP of HR from the , Donna Wilkinson, will be on hand to answer your questions tonight at 830. Tweet with #big10expo for answers!
Hi, thanks for following me. I'm Sophie. I love BSB too!
#Brewers off-days can suck it.
Why are there so many guys at hm??
It's about to be a cat fight! Lol
RT : If more teens of this generation gave each other general respect, majority of the violence in Chicago wouldnt happen
Did puff piece about about in trade for free bamboo iPhone case. I don't have the thing a day before my pet panda eats it. Damn.
Oh, I put on my shoes and I'm ready for the weekend! #CalvinHarris is the man
#Blessings 4 you :)
Also: "frequent charges are far less stressful than deep charge/discharge cycles."
"Who u gonna please with that lil thang?" she said. "Me," he replied.
SUMMIT and INDY scrimmage! I'm pumped!!!
Just realized #Kardashians this Sunday!!!! So excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
uhmazing!! I have my Baby Cribsy somewhere too!! High-five! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
(1/2) m doing live-action film: itz a passion. Just get together some talented ppl u trust after u have a pilot structure and ...
Nevermind the old gmail or new gmail, you really need to use
off to work. Have a great day!!!
miss you too!
love yall back
Your salvation reminds you that as free as you want to be there are some things your salvation will limit you to.
I was always afraid of a fingerprint based commerce system. Wouldn't criminals cut off a digit instead of pickpocketing?
RT : Since thou are not sure of a minute, throw not away an hour. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Not that fast?
Students land a big rig to hone skills on
Today is my favorite day of the year. First round of the NFL Draft and a kickball game? Yes please!
I wonder if Marie Digby is single?
Nipple pierced next friday.
Haha! Mine does that too! Along With Crashing Everytime I open it!
Trend too! RT : #CYSummit is a trending topic!!!
Wish is was a Tad warmer in Philly
Laying low tonight so I can get better go to the beach tomorrow!! Sweatpants and redbox.
#FF super talented ladies must follow!
I am so happy! How does Sydney, Australia look for June. It's my vacation. Better yet when is your vacation?
Not just local stores, but local food movement in general: urban farms, markets etc. Worried what a WF will do to those.
Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things
"I let my haters be my motivators" #JCPenney says no to bullying.. always a strong person ellen.
Well I thought I did anyway
woo! Congrats
Yes/Beats me. You're slipping.
In this computer lab bored....last period though so its cool...
enjoy! Have a great expo.
T-DAY COUNTDOWN: 2 More Days! Are you having #Thanksgiving at your house, or are you going to a friends/relatives?
If I sent you candy, what kind would you want?(:
how are you liking your FitBit? I've been considering a purchase...
Bring me the Horizon. Oh <3
we would love to join an attune chat! how do we do this and tell us more!
Producers and writers fam! Rarely do I mess with artists
Thanks to everyone who helped organize & sponsor #THATCamp! Especially... (brace yourselves) , , ,
We still send them in our family. It's considered bad form if you don't.
the heat are garbage
That's awesome. I'm gonna check it out. I saw the mention on pg. 3. Didn't see any explanation of opposition. Am I missing it?
Just peeled off a call on a $850 bluff...I'm on my A game!
A dyslexic man walks into a bra.
You're welcome.
amazing office
Why ppl b posting the same shit on different days
I'm happy to take acting/marketing questions for the blog. What do you want to know?
Sitting in on preaching class listening to 3 of my good friends preach the word! :-D
hate you for it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Does anyone still watch the Ten Commandments on Easter weekend?
You seem like you're too good to be true. DON'T FUCK THIS ONE UP MASON.
happy birthday
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~Winston Churchill
#aaasmtg Cornelia Dean, Nyt science reporter, in communications workshop: "We want crucial detail--not irrelevant clutter."
is it your sister in the CT band?
I have lost all respect for jose reyes for coming out of the game after a bunt single to win the batting title
Mobile can be social if we don't measure and just take wild guesses as to whatll work. :P
No breakfast balls on twitter?
hey jen-our season got cut. our finale was one hour when it never has been. since you don't watch then you wouldn't have known that
They are dredging the Hudson River for PCBs directly across from us...bright lights and noise 24-6...air quality monitor in our yard...fun!
AT HOOTERS WIT
Have a great weekend everyone!
Evil people are simply weak. It's so much harder to be good despite whatever situation you are in.
RT : In Vegas news...Today gives away the Ford lease at our SHRM booth! Who will win?
Working on the master plan.
Happy Birthday to my F A K E ass used to be besstfriend Kadeem Weston ! I love youur fake ass !
Thinkin bout going to Ritz Friday...Seems like the move <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
i been now with what a nice day with her. stay amazing guys! :)
FTW! i am becoming hopeful & have reason to believe that this training session will end w/ brownies for e.o.
I'm goin to Blue Mountain state, woo!
I know :) I love it
What a great day!
Have you seen it yet? I'm sure you've already heard that Disney already green lit the Avengers sequel.
Happy ##FF! Any big plans for the weekend?
21 degrees in Blaine right now. Starting to feel like winter.
A double WHAMMY 4 your CANDY #GivesYouWings ...
that sounds like a great idea.
I have never called myself graceful. Plus I wasn't dancing... I was trying not to trip the poor kid in soccer.
Calling it a night. I have a lot to do tomorrow at acts nashville. Good night everyone.
#RITBrickCity check-in info: Pick up your packets today from 8 a.m.-5 p.m. in the SAU or 6-7:30 p.m. at the Blue Cross Arena.
BTW We still have 1/2 a keg that needs drinking if that is any incentive to come tonight or tomorrow :)
"I think we need a safe word" says. Me "You'll be fine,just breathe"
Is there a possible way for the live Q&A to be recorded? I have a volleyball game and is my idol!
need to make travel plans...call me.
It wouldn't matter, 'cause we're always
Congratulations on your 4 HR game, looks like another HR Derby ahead
he is not perfect he is a women beater
I second that nominee “: I nominate Socialcam as the most annoying Facebook app.”
i think its time for school to sit down.
Support your local musicians!
It is going to be cold tomorrow!!!
the show Boston at beverly,spotlight at Tavern WAS TOPS GOOD PEOPLE GOOD VIBE GREAT SHOW TO ALL WHO CAME OUT LESPECIAL and DREZZO
You're so scary
attending the CEO Luncheon tomorrow afternoon on our behalf!
GE panel-Recipe for better FB interaction= 90 characters or fewer, use pictures and ask questions
Setting up the gear! Party rock!
Congrats jimmy on the First win of the season
Appreciate your interview Gabe!
I couldn't forget you if I tried <3
"Anger is more useful than despair".
Nope, just kidding. Not studying, watching Disney movies :')
My discipline, will power and whatever else you want to throw in is absolute shit right now...lol... ...not really
IF U DOING THE DAM THING WITH UR KIDS>>>
why the sad face???
crazy woman status!
so exciting at #bizbash sharing new ideas and experiences with this amazing industry
Hustling for and loving it. Just so much exciting stuff happening right now. :)
Is coming to this year? Like for reals? or is this a big joke? Someone confirm please. ;) THanks!
Do you offer pre-diabetes classes?
Oh decisions decisions.
Little Man just played pin the treasure chest on the map and he laughed when they spun him around blindfolded.
I have to stay at school for like 10 minutes after.
space elevator - think big!
shocked it walking in with Mayweather.
Going to a haunted house tonight!
that's what I said lil cuz
I don't give a damn how you feel, cause you wont say it to my face less you ready to catch that thorough beat down Q(-_-Q)
wish I was with #oomf , right now .
Bored like woah. Laundry = not exciting.
ABOUT TO TRAIN IN A FEW CLE A LITTLE SORE BUT I HAVE TO TRAIN HARD OR GO HOME!!!! ONLY THE STRONG SURVIVE.
Day 2 pitches to begin in minutes. Looking for some great books.
God, I hope I never have to get PIE out of an apartment.
I love...love #baylors uniforms
I was just replying to someone else, all good here :)
It's not where we go for happy hour/drinks w friends. Which is sad, b/c as you said the price is right & the beer is tasty.
got you shawty!
That last tweet gave me an SAT flashback.
"Lake View is not a food desert."
Thanks! Yeah that would be cool to get together soon.
day of mostly relaxation today then #ontothenextone for day 2 of the main event tomorrow. hashtag like = play like him?
Like. Like. Like.
Was blasting Rock n Roll by as I rolled into Kroger parking lot at noon on a monday with my windows down. So much mom judgment.
morning boo
#AllRelationshipsNeed trust & communication .
Whoop! #DallasCowboys score!
Who sets time aside each week to plan your nutrition? What recipes do you make? Me? I take Sunday and cook all my lunches for the week.
Half Of This World Have Trust Issues! They Just Admit It!
thinking sample it and throw some 808s under it, and tell him to stop coming at me wit corny Sh#t...lol that might be mean tho
Music isn't just music ..it's medicine for me
Hope it stop
support: Just got my replacement Sound platform. Great service! You know how to fix a problem, win customer loyalty. Thanks!
88 episodes of Pawn Stars on Netflix = awesome.
A little bit stronger <3
Trying out for the girls volleyball team Wensday. yep
I don't know what hurts worse, my lower back & hamstrings or my hands from them deadlifts!
Ppl can tell u a million lies ITS UP TO YOU TO BELIEVE THEM
Find, follow and connect with organizations and people based on your interests. Networking is key to social media success.
Is going Cat 5 in Indy this week?
Kindof a freak of nature today. Woke up on my own after a tiny bit of sleep. Debating sleeping another half hour, or going in early.
me too :) : I like stories ppl tell on twitters
Moderators can send email invitations for scheduled meetings
Less then 30 points in a half haha ok jazz
I'm keeping very well thanks. How about you Mr?
NICE... I meantto write "it's sounds nice." lol
Feeling bored! may be time to go and grab a drink @ Flanery's :-)
and all other ATL Geeks.: 8/25 looks good. Who wants to host the next ATL DH Lunch?
Point is, if Mike & Mike et al don't freak out about it at earlier times, it's unfair not to revisit that when they do.
Confidential Saturday night. Be there.
how's ya morning so far!?
Last day of vacation... Sad, yet i'm ready to get back home to my own bed!!
One day and counting....... Huge SALE at the Beach Blvd Flea Market in Jacksonville. I haven't shaved my face all week just to fit in.
lol yeah! Felt like I was missing out.
Mrs SMITH in Latin #lifechanged shocker
It is... Like I said I work all over Brooklyn and Queens. I know every little short cut. You have too. Fuck sitting on the BQE!
Im getting fed up with this orgasm!
#NowPlaying 2Pac - Keep Your Head Up
If you have a passion for something and ur life would not be complete without it, then strive for it and work hard at it. Success will come
it's baby's first tweet.
Thank for making great music
@ the 99th Running of Louisiana Derby the 99 to 1 odds favorite Won over 2/1 Favorite...a Shocker. Got All my $ back on 2 to 1 to Place.
False connections made from facts of the matter is not good enough here. X and Y happened. X necessarily caused Y b/c they both happened? No
honest, or just slanted the other way?
It's storming! I love this weather!
Oohhh jeez I dunno haha. Depends on when it is lolz
Well said. %100 with ya. So much exciting talent. Plus, a double L.A. matchup in the next round would be sweet.
RT : Hispanic woman aged 18-23 are the least likely to have anal sex.
Tweet , Facebook, Reverdnation Im Live and now the time is coming watch the change everyday listen we I say
RT : Support the creation of a national museum for ALL American people! Follow
We're pretty excited for #BEA2011 the whole Hachette Digital team is buzzing! Especially & &
Not exactly relishing the idea of my face being several feet tall on screen! LOL
yea its season 8 now... im never gonna get there
feed at Chicago and California in Chicago
This was my favorite pairing of the night! Thanks for a fun/delicious evening
MBF lovers, we are only four days away from pouring- what beer will you sample first?
I can't understand when a person gives unfollow other people to have more followers. I HATE IT! :@
“: Unbelievable experience It was life changing. Not a joke. Thank you and all!”
While your ignoring her, another guybis dying for her attention.
you're right..depressing week actually. An the best week ever will be when the Beatles reunite and record a new album
Jealous Females <
can you DM me with a number I can reach you at?
editing. JAWS marathon on in the background. nice headband!
#deep nothing is worst then failing at something u know u can do!
Anyone else ever just wanna hang the arbys good mood guy
Dex: Buy a ship, name it relation, now you have a relationship. Me: Well, that solves my #foreveralone problem I seem to have...:-/
Getting my ass kicked in Words With Friends by he's playing
Woke up to the smell of pancakes & hot chocolate (:
You can choose a pendant that has its sheen and ornate without being overtly gaudy
When meant that a day will be the best day ever. Trust them ! One of the best weekends ever !!!
Adam Yauch, a Founder of the Beastie Boys, Dies at 47
. Sitting the the living room doesn't mean I'm watching shit.
The Beer Pong tables arrived. Get your teams ready for Wed Nov 2 at 10pm. $10 registration fee and get your first Bud Light pitcher for $5
I am a huge fan.
#RememberWhen M.c Hammer Was 1 of the hottest rappers
#PrayForCaitlin? How about pray for Kony?
Out of all the websites, Google+ is definitively my +1! :D
Apparently, not every alley or potential shortcut has an exit at its end. Sigh. I'm just trying to get to Subway.
Not not not!
She () just tweeted about Bryce! Did you? I heard Bryce likes red though.
I hate when parents say "No" but don't have a reason.
For those in the Ohio region take a look at someone trying to make a difference!
COMIC BOOK FANS! Got any good ideas for a comic headliner or opening sentence?
Just picked up our race numbers and some matching !
haha i came on ur twitter page and i saw ur background and bursted out laughing! hah its so funny/cute! follow me please?(:
Girls are the future mothers of our society, and it is important that we focus on their well-being. Miriam Makeba
Go Kings American is counting on you to exterminate the Canuckleheads early
Happy New Year's from DR!!! All the best to everyone in 2011! Felicidades a todos!
Driving with daddy
Hopefully it will be Sarita.
A reminder that the Athenæum will be closed on Monday, October 10th for Columbus Day. We will be open until 8pm on Tuesday, October 11th.
wishing that updating things constantly and wittily were my forte. It's not. It's just not.
A #Butler win could have changed the basketball landscape. College Presidents, coachs & recruits would have had a new POV.
for a petite person. Not really! Getting there. Lost 4 already!
really?? It's the 5th inning...
Would you like to email me details? I'd be glad to spread the word! nicole at bigdayfor10k dot com
6:00 pm. Call in number. 627-0953. Region break down. District recap. UK / UL conference play. Tune in!
Ah Its Early D: Well Morning Everyone xx (:
IF U R UNASHAMED TO REP CHRIST SAY... JEEZUUS!! (rmns 1:16)
Every man who observes vigilantly, and resolves steadfastly, grows unconsciously into genius
Be wary of the person who uses the Internet to boast about their always wonderful life.
Thanks. See our kids' fitness video of 123GoTV by KidExerciser, a PTPA (TM) Seal winner. Use 20% discount code PTPA.
In defense of the people involved in #OccupyRVA, a lot of them do those things, too.
#SpringBreakToDoList live it like now other
Fantastic church service this morning.
con't: There is passion behind procurement. #lma12 (great, more number "geeks" to work with, lol).
What up cuz! you new on here??
Its good now..not so sure about later today. Storms brewing out West.
Just remembered I graduated from library school 4 years ago today. Which also means I've been married for almost 4 years.
Thank you, ! Couldn't have done it without you, sir!
Mad they couldn't wrap it up last time.
Still love that "Awesomeness for Hire" bio :)
Excellent article. I just left a comment. So glad you made it home in one piece. xo
Chill mode Today
No kidding! $5.99 buffet's all summer long! #ipc only available at:
shopping, looking around, stalking austin. The usual lol hahahaha wbu?(:
NBA MMA basketball..
Had a dream that I owned an #ipad. Anyone want to make that dream a reality for me?
A little late but Happy New Year! May it be prosperous!
Writing up invoices.
Walking around Tucson. Me and stumbled into some kind of tour. Ha we're just following people we don't know.
Has excellent coffee plus location Japantown is a fun place to visit off the beaten path Verve Coffee is their coup de grâce
Remember to always keep household cleaning products and medication where children are unable to reach them!
there ain't a woman alive that could take my mama's place.<3
Pleased to hear Eiko & Koma will be performing multiple times next season.
We back open this weekend Thursday night 24th
I did it! Been needing to for awhile, just needed someone to tell me to do it. Thanks!
speakin of the Today show, were you shocked to hear Wenatchee as a Retiree Hot Spot?
follow me?(:
Anyone else think Poe has a vampire haircut?
I love you iCarly "We're Proud Of iCarly"
I don’t even like to read that much, but these “emotobooks” really fit me perfect. Someone at work told me they like the mystery one.
NO! The wait time for the line was 6 hours! -_- I did get to do some other pretty cool stuff.
wait, is this a male or female?
Finna eat nd take a nap. . .
We went with the 8-wk Penns Corner CSA, and this is our third wk. Bread! Cheese! Maple syrup last week in a cute container! Love.
Gonna take my Jets shirts to Goodwill,
right back atcha! You're welcome!
Are ya ready for the chance to win a pair of tix to Pensacola Beach? Say 'toes in the water, fanny in the sand' if you're ready!
So glad I saw My ls at BWW she looked so pretty
haha girl weren't we all? I have plenty of stories for you.
Sure, what's up?
Was there even talk of changing the Day's opening theme?? If there was it was CRAZY talk!
Clue #2: we are pulling back the curtain on a creative transformation.
97% of High school students have never been to a record store, says kate sad!
With this money you can create your own investment portfolio or simply save it
Celebrate at Tgs with some tasty BBQ!
I just realized I have more than 10,000 tweets. That's 10,000 more than anything else I have.
Can I kick it?
haha! Red is amazing to!<U+2665> :]
any news on when the arcade collection will be released?
I am jealous of Michael 2 for spending last weekend in Paolo Alto with you.
Naw its the other way around lol ": LeBron has a vagina and Danny is about that life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>"
No autocorrect. It's not "mother fliers." Although I did just get an idea for an awesome airline.
Kentucky just looks too strong! Good thing they aren't calling fouls in this game.
I probably won't go lol
Love must be sincere. Hate what is evil; cling to what is good. -Romans 12:9
Breakfast food any time of day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>
Remember when people were obsessed with "dusting off their shoulders" ? Ya that was f'n stupid.
fuck fly, I am fashion.
I'm on for a little bit now :D
Not there yet!
I was just happy to be included in the piece. Really nice work, Ed.
Don't complain to me about something you don't wanna change #easyasthat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Dang its been a min... Whats up Monday
Thanks for stopping by today!
Watching Dr. Who oh yeah!
back in H-Town after smuggling 1,000 wet books thru the SW & starting 4 Underground Libraries. R History won't be erased!
Aww, thanks! That *was* So Sweet, Ty! RT I really cant stand you, your freaking stupid
One FGer calls Bill Haas 'The Silent Assassin." After he buried that 43-footer to beat Mickelson and Bradley in a playoff, who can argue?
Has a New Yorker ever gotten a jay walking ticket?
Awesome perspective from the minds of NFL Agents and on #NFLCombine. Read their TL.
The argument from Hollywood might be; that part of the world deserves being ripped after turning their backs to all the pirating.
Didn't know that one, but it was funny. Few More: The Avery Jessup Games Our Idiot Avery Jessup Catch Avery Jessup If You Can
oh wait you said of course. Lolz
Ben looks terrible! Could he have found some shampoo and at least washed his hair! Gross.
I hate how my hair takes a year & a half to dry. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
“: Lets get this party started Mr Velo!”that we did Always great when it ends with a cat fight too!
Ace Ventura... still funny
Love your expressive strokes & use of minimal color!
#TEDMED Saxon: Leveraging expertise globally is possible with new comm/tech and doc/patient engagement.
Can't spend more then a minute on Facebook. Why do I even login?
. committee placements arrived!
Man i just wish i have a camera so i can post some skate videos on youtube D: and some break dancing if i can :P
what should i do for my b-day
Thanks! Stoked for you to get the #blog full of creative work again!
Awesome! I knew you would. How is Miami? Love the bathing suits by the way, They both compliment you well. Are they V Secret?
Thanks! Will be in PT 2x/wk to help heal this #swimming rotator cuff injury.
this happens to be the dumbest thing ever read. How can you give them lights when its the power lines? LOL.
No problem. Thanks for tweeting!
Tim Howard = amazing goalie
Roc Boys "Hustle By Any Means" T-shirt...........www.kingoffitteds.com
I hate how British directioners and American directioners fight. You dont see Canadian beliebers fighting with American ones, do you? no.
Count it. For the same reason he was in the final two last night... to create "suspense"
yes please
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
SAT word of the day: pulchritude (n.) physical beauty
Goodnight beautiful people sleep tight
Challenging, dynamic and innovative Sr. NET position here, in DT Chicago. Send me your resumes to:
My best friend brushes her armpit hair. :\
check out the fresh new deals at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com and don't forget to use repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 20% or 10% FOR LIFE!
Just licked a spoon from the sink covered in my dogs canned food that looked really good before putting it into my mouth...yum!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Shaquille O'neal got his Ph.D haha
you're right she went to Immaculata, that's why she's MY girlfriend
High five! Duh.
ain't nun to eat
Do you think the people who saw me lick a hobo's face last month still think about it and tell their friends at parties and stuff?
I look like the statue of liberty right now :p green face :)
Agreed, Steve. Thanks for the shoutout, sir.
(2) I could lose $2 billion for half that compensation package.
S/o to for from the looks of it is pretty as hell! Hi(:
I think I'm over the Walking Dead now.
I don't usually comment about other radio stations in town, but when I do it's about how shitty John Tesh is. Stay flaccid my friends.
Construction already?
Can't Wait!MT : Looking forward to speaking CITGE May 18. Must give the audience something to chew on for SM metrics.
Yeah, kinda lost interest after Christine. Different Seasons I liked. Dark Tower felt like something that seemed good after LSD.
I need to get that. The first TM album is one of my absolute favorites. Would love to know the story behind, say, Hate My Way.
JK <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C> we all good just stop talking shit young Scrub..
At therapy getting treatment on my knee now-___-
“: I may have missed it yet again. I'd settle for being in the Friends of Tammy 2013 calendar.” Brilliant Idea...
Darn skippy RT #Taurus - Everyone loves your confidence and charisma. Don't hesitate to go for what you want.
Ah, I see. Too bad picnik is going away soon :(
The Raid: Redemption - just a well-executed 100 consecutive minutes of dudes just getting fucking ruined. MUST SEE.
The average body tempeature of birds is somewhere between 104 and 111 degrees farenheit.
bout to smash some mac and cheese!!!
We could use help with album names that have to do with nostalgic change. If we choose yours you get mentioned in the cd booklet.
As a concierge looking for a good cigar for a guest Davidoff on 53rd + Madison was amazing.
i wonder y
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life, to be thankful for a good one.
haha I need to try that Method!
I fee bad when I text people a lot. :/
Thank YOU, Sarah!
just followed us and we didn't even ask! oh my goshh! we love her so much<3
Great workout this morning! I love starting my day like this!
Yes! <3 Now, Jasey is gonna talk to you
oh wow. Well that's cute :) & yes ma'am I am. Proud too<3
"In years hence I may be seen as someone who was on the wrong side of history." -The Audacity of Hope. Not anymore you won't, !
Nasty as in mean?
Shout out to follow him!! :D
Didn't see the croissant reference until after my sunrise tweet. Coincidence? Now I HAVE to have one. Or three.
we miss you too!! misses your sexy time! :] lol
OUTSTANDING episode of #smash tonight!
Straight outta Compton...
everything's gonna be alright
Just killed it tonight at the dance studio and met another girl name Carissa but she doesn't spell it with 2x r's n 2 s's like my name :)
Rise and grind. Suppose to be 91 today! Make sure to stay hydrated and wear Sun screen.
TGIF. See you tomorrow in Ybor.
add me on path?
San Francisco street venders are way more diverse than DC. We need a Creme brûlée cart.
we live to serve!
I'm eternally proud of my wife for being a teacher and truly caring for her kids.
the guitar in the Reptar song is very Smiths/Johnny Marr
I didn't boo Michelle Obama at the NASCAR race because of politics. It was that dress - it's awful! And those shoes and that coat, jeez.
please don't call "pey pey", show some respect for what may be the best bronco player since
Our 1st ever Youth Choral Festival is one day away! Tomorrow we welcome over 60 talented high school students for an amazing day of singing.
or as Ed Burns once told me, character is more important than anything.
- Your tweet gave me a heart attack. Going to find that now.
I heard the opposite from some pretty trustworthy sources! I'm waiting for DVD.
RT : I try to most days!! RT "cherish your own oddness" - Bruce Coville
Why did I think it would be a good idea to watch The Walking Dead while trying to eat dinner?
If a bullwhip Machiavellian type manager hears how to improve does it change him or is the narcissism deafening?
Government does not solve problems; it subsidizes them. ~ Ronald Reagan
Busiest day since our grand opening. We love you Portland.
Angry birds rules!!
Kudos to Google and Princeton Libraries for digitizing "Booksellers and Stationers Magazine" from early 1920s. Juicy research goodness.
I know it's probably wrong, but I think it would be hugely satisfying to give Glenn Beck a great gig dope slap.
RT I only agree with judicial activism that supports my political views.
Very nice.
Yes, I agree! Teaching entrepreneurship when you've never run a business is like teaching literature without being a writer.
it's National Weed day
What a nite with Great performance & a wonderful dinner too! You. Are. Something. Special. THX for supporting
Celebrating Buddha's Enlightenment Day and wishing clear mind for all people. What ever you are doing, do it 100%
thanks peter
<------ who loves my new Avi ?? ahaah *le patiently waits for no reply* lmfao
Talented people are terrifying.
MEEK!!! Too dope
Why would they say that??? that shit is not cute at all
Chicagohoops Global Challenge!
"Why does my body ignore what my mind says? I try to keep it in tact, but I'm here in his bed......I need to...listen....."
I'm having a really hard time figuring out which team is MORE stupid at this point...
that makes me really sad...I would have eaten that. In two days or less.
I broke another glass today -_-
Up early getting to the money $$ Free Bandz Adlib$$
Great night with my dad and brothers at the #SunsVsSpurs game. Probably the last time we'll see in Phoenix...
You can have BOTH and visit us. ;) RT : Craving Either Breakfast Or Mexican Food.
Jonathan Frid has died, just as the new "Dark Shadows" is creeping out of the grave.
At the table with and and ready to tear up some moms day brizunch!
Miss you too!!
haha thanks for the RT VB, what would yours be?
-- Since Broxton is uslees ... you're essentially asking about Dee Gordon and Sanchez for Castros??? I'd want the Castro end ...
A little effort a day will go a long way.
#MoneyMovies Money Talks
Thank you!!
Box of noodles then the gym
Absolutely. But does it actually count as selling if I was directing you to my favorite Bodyworker & fellow massage therapist?
I like to hit the hard topics of the day.
Learn how to garden with herbs at 6:30 p.m. today at MCPL-Stratford with Master Gardner Eileen Riehle. Free. 715-687-4420 for info.
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe.
I'm smooth like sandpaper. Eighty grit all the way.
Bulbs burn to quick? A lot of homes get surges that most bulbs are not designed to handle, use a "130v" rated bulb instead of "120v".
If u are looking for wet t-shirts this Spring Break in Oregon put on a t-shirt and go stand outside.
wish me luck for my rounders match tommorow to make up for it aussy??<U+2665>
Father's Day is June 20th. Special gifts for that special guy! Free gift wrapping.
Too bad LAC don't understand shot selection in 4th qtr or the Griz would be heading for JT's links tomorrow
Thanks for the Friday Follow mention. We are honored to be on that list!
well got to leave my mom just got back and cot me on the computer instead of doing my book report:(
Don't get it either
I like it. Good watch. They said batt would last 4 days I get a week. Tracks your active times during the day. Motivates
This Jose Altuve guy is giving me an ulcer. Actually, it might be the tuna salad put on the bottom of my frozen yogurt bowl.
"Oh hey! I didn't see you there! Is that a new haircut?" RT if you remember this.
Crazy how you can do nice things for people all the time & they never notice. But once you make one mistake, it's never forgotten.
way to break it down tonight on income inequality! Now gonna follow and "like" you:)
I just came to say "hello!"
I'm in Dallas! Got your msg and sent you an email. Looking forward to connecting our sts!
What are you looking for in a nursing program? RT your criteria
Realize L2 is like the mothership of the Georgetown scene....at some point, everyone ends up there.
Just enjoyed an outstanding Dark Chocolate Sea Salt Caramel from yum.
damn I love your style of dressing
Jealous of & . Enjoy those burs brohams, looking forward to tomorrow night!
Theatre Thursday Trivia Time! What was the name of the first actor who appeared in 543 B.C.?
eww it started here a week ago!
I just got the March issue of Downbeat, there was a review of my album, Everytime We Say Goodbye...schweet!
Commission on Sustainability meeting today 4-6pm @ 417 E. Fayette St. 8th Fl. Come and join us! Meetings are open to the public.
Drinks on , for really anyone interested.
ours the truth lol
Happy mothers day to my Mom Penny & all the women in my life that have filled that role at one time or another! Much Love!
Unless you were made in a fucking petree dish in a lab with a dash of jesus and sprinkle of fucking beyonce , bitch, you're not perfect.
Visit this free promotion site on my profile if you need more follows..hey follow4follow? will trade. :)
That is horrifying.
I sat next to her at a bar in Brooklyn. She was blonde and her boyfriend was a douchebag. I thought she could do waaaaayy better.
Fuck it can't sleep.
Watching "The Beverly Hillbillies" such a good movie.
RT : The ENTiRE Spurs team has an AARP plan!<LMAO
When I have free time, I look through dance catalogs, magazines, and YouTube videos.
cop my 50mm !!!
Saw Green Lantern....Awesome!
Yes. Turns out there was a small fire in the trash chute.
someone overslept. cloudsand rain make it hard to wake up.
What a great night last night at thank you to all who came out in that terrible weather!!
Whatever my kids choose to pursue in life, Gonna teach them to approach it the way Carmelo goes to the hoop.
It issue hot as hell " can't tell ppl to go to hell if we living in it"- sumbody at kroger
Yes, pretty awful LOL I stayed to watch them raise the Cup and everything because you may only see that in your lifetime. :]
You are friends w/ Angels, the hands and feet of Divine Love. Keep on giving. Your love makes a difference in the world. XX
-- Why isn't the cuse getting any love in the new sports logo pic?
i Dont Need A Group To Symbolize Me n My Niggas !
At SF City Hall tonight SF Entertainment Commission postponed discussion of draconian proposal for local arts orgs & clubs to spy on patrons
Celebrate Leap Year reading!
Nice! I admire that. TN? I hope you have lovely weather.
What's his account? Work is looking to get done.
TODAY: Clouds, limited sun. HIGH: 64. Becoming sunny tomorrow. HIGH: 71. Friday: Sunny. HIGH: 72. Weekend: Rain & storms likely. HIGHS 66-73
Everybody remember your pets during the hurricane! Keep them safe!!
Looks like you're having more fun on Twitter than I am. PS I might be in the city the night of 8/26. You around?
Longg day.. Finaly get to go to bed! #goodnight all you beliebers out there (:
I'm following
Aw... Thank u! My pleasure~ Enjoy ur day!!!!
so big head
Agent D will give 4 lucky winners the new chocolate MIB donuts, iced coffee and a $10 DD card! Tweet #AgentDLV on May 14 for chance to win!
cool!! congratulations Garrett. Kate will graduate in 2 wks & stay at home at first & go to RCTC in Roch,MN then we'll see
I'm not the girl your mother warned you about. I'm the girl who kicked that girl's butt! :)
that was for the giveaway :D
several generations ahead! And immediately gratifying and fun to play, but also deep enough to really spend time with....
Thanks for stopping by! Hope you and your friends have a great afternoon. ;)
Had all kinds of fun today brawling with !
I don't even see what I did there haha
Be careful of who you pick as a friend, most people pretend to listen, but are only gathering information to judge you with.
hehe -- RT : 18% of Americans want #HCR repealed. 12% believe Joan of Arc was Noah's wife. I'm guessing there's some crossover.
Going to be a busy week...working on tons of choice interviews and segments for the Healthylife.net news !
": When the goin gets tough..." <-- you roll a dutchie fulla lemon haze and let real shit be real shit!
Stuck in a long sweaty line as the riot police in front of me are trying to check in their machine guns before flight.
is making me rethink about technology and participation...what does it mean to participate in a class or a conf session?
jail can fuck a nigga up really when ya mann kno he got sometime so u betta have a down as bitch who gone ride it out an get that money
So wants me to walk al the way to Sherman Oaks. Most depressing Easter ever!!!!!!!
Hey Neil - Thanks for the follow.
black lager!
Stress free Christmas food umm? let me think! Got it--ZUZU Pork Verde Chile served with ZUZU handmade corn tortillas.Call us get on the list
Why do it seem like the stags always be thursty about sex they get it all the time so why feen #mynigapleas just chill fall back a little
S/0 2 The ILLEST B#&ch alive ....Yea dats my sister and I'm so proud of the way she hold it down...
“: directioners are the worst lol” yes we are.were horrible,were in love with five homosexual sex gods.beliebers are better.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle at I-35 and Stassney on the frontage road in the left turn lane.
agreed very long years
So, today is National High Five Day! High five us if you LOVE #Plano! <U+270B>
i know you totally were anyways but yanno. just wanted to add that in. :) thank you. and thanks for caring.
Follow me!:B
If you support Austin, you will accept everything about him. His life & career decisions, especially the things that makes him happy.<3
I Sin But I'm Not The Devil, I'm Good But I'm Not An Angel .
Just signed the contract for "Champagne Bubbly," an #ebook short to come out in November 2012. Excited!
I've been at , its beautiful here. They're having an outdoor festival of lights on Friday, check it out!
awesome! So happy you enjoyed it!
not looking forward to that traffic.
i just realized a huge diff between so cal and seattle: so cal celebrates every holiday to the fullest! happy st. patty's all!
Can't wait to see what Chelsea "Gap-Tooth" Handler say about Beautiful Goddess Angelina Jolie.
it is really fun :-)
I can't believe today is my 29th #birthday. Wow. #ImOld but I still feel
Amanda, if you haven't heard Nathan discuss the book, you absolutely must! Extra bonus if they serve samples.
When I get it, will do. Thnx for the chuckle.
he graduated two years ago
We Welcome to my life on this friday morning :( ....
#TebowGotTradedFor some baseball cards, a sack of marbles, and a dead bird.
! big 5 Where can I find a laser pointer for my airsoft gun?
lol oh ok. Just checking. Well, it'll be an awesome series! Hopefully LOL
exams graded. final grades turned in. no more papers to read. huh. guess it's time for some civilization!
is lame but still love love her hahahahaha!
Need to make choices that #InvestInKids when considering deficit.Keep our tax breaks in
40 years ago today, my folks got married. That fact is both awe inspiring and mildly terrifying. Congrats, Mom and Dad!
it's sickening to watch, he falls everytime he feels touched
I agree it's a good sign. Thanks for the RT!
You need an app for that :-)
Nothing but COLD HARD facts ova this way bitch!
So, so true. Did you read the Journal's initial series about the state-imposed sterlization? It's terrifying.
Yes, this is good news!! Now we need administrators from MI schools to vote in favor of the waiver. LetEmPlay.us
#ISupportSameSexMarriage I think it's nuts this is still unresolved.
I thought it was hysterical.
render render render render. i feel like i'm getting everything and nothing done.
We'd love to cook for you! :))
super ugly! so what the hell are people thinking?? lol
I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision
Ah, indeed I did misunderstand.
Half Price tickets to see James Cotton! Offer valid Sunday, May 6 both 8 & 10 PM shows. Get tickets online use code “BATW”
listen to bach... Thatl put anyone to sleep lol
Nearly had an #Epiphany watchin #Nightcap w/ . . .
sometimes you gotta give a little, in order to get a little
maybe it means if your @ work today then you are a work-a-holic?
My 2 year old only wants to growl today.
Welcome to YES. Wish you the best.
Bored out of my fucking mind!! Sucks for a saturday....
RainbowEcoPro thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Fuck errbody who ever doubted me!!! I kno I'm da shit... See y'all at the finish line
Second flight delay of the day with delta/northwest 222. been sitting in MSP for a long time. not happy
Was so hoping you'd spelled something wrong in that tweet...
f4f? follow back :)
You say new wallpaper, I say new Avi.
meet with extra force. DC does it the right way most of time, letting protesters stay as long as they want. So I...
Second week using to help keep organized with the myriad of projects. So far so good. And no post-it maze in my office!
Love it when I show up early for a show and is already rocking the venue!
Oh, thank you. :) I hope you're well today.
Bad allergies makes u want to take your eyeballs out and drop em in a glass of water smh
Lambeau field please build more mens bathrooms. Ten minutes to pee is redic. Im not a female.
It's a beautiful day and we should all stop for a second and take it in. Don't take in to much cause I'm sure the weather will change again.
developed a new dance today at the coffee kiosk: avoid death by backpack.
must be old, my friend just smoked with him last week in LA
I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY BESIDES OMG
Until that penalty...RT : Very impressed with Utah State today. Very intelligent and composed game.
Going on a man date with my little bro Finn to the zoo today
To fix the blank screen for the WatchESPN App, the user must sign into myESPN. It is under settings, I love ESPN!!!
hey :D
Kori Carpenter Les Schwab Student of the Week on NW Sports Tonight at 7:15.
I saw a girl today that did not grow up in East Los, who grew up in a very nice home, talk to me about her hoodness and pitbull. SMH
cool. I'm trying to find the time to learn to code also. If no one will make the app I want I suppose I should try...
I slapped him in the face with my D and unplugged the equip. RT “: you should just get up and turn up the volume”
We'll be here 'til Sunday morning. Let's try to meet up!!
Stop saying ur the next best thing when selling ur product.. if u really are,they will name u that.. not u!
Some beliebers need to calm down! Justin isn't going to win everything!
hey David, howz things? And if I didn't yet say it....thank you for the compliment. ;D
RT We live and die, Christ died and lived!(:
u missed the cashier getting stabbed underhand w the broken bottle. Wow.
My Favourite Song
I'm laying here waiting for a text back from you , listening to slow Jams
Melanie Healey of Procter & Gamble, one of the most powerful women in business, to speak at Robins School on Wed, Feb. 15 at 6:00. Join us.
#Entrepreneur -Turning #Energy #Deregulation into #Revenue & #BusinessOpportunity like #airlines &
LOL! Gotcha boo!
Got my other extensions yayy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
well duh haha we use to chat about the alot haha
RT Last weekend to experience the Volvo Ocean Race Miami Downtown Village, it's definitely worth checking out!
WE welcome "Primo Pizza" to AgooBiz. Check out their new MicroSite to learn more & get the tastiest pizza on Long Island, NY
We need psychoanalysis because we are all wound up.
I don't read. Movie!
I still love watching all the old Bob Ross Joy of Painting shows on !
come after, we'll still be around :) or bring your meeting to Hangar ;)
#colts getting some lucky ass #flags ..... Let's hope for the second of the season
In my neighborhood they do it just about every saturday.
I have a new hero. Saw you as you were nearing the 50 mile mark and you looked great. and smiling.
HERES TO ALL who live for the nights they can't remember with the people they'll never forget.
I hope you have a great shoot!
I keep getting these messages but I don't think you took any pictures of me.
Had a great time at cooking class w/ Ended up at same table w/ & her mom, who make a terrific alfredo.
I'm happy that two of my favorite shows were renewed: #Justified and
“: My eyes are puffier than my pillow... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” mine too lol
Oh dear.
GET IT! SHAKE IT!
G-SCHOCKS GREAT BOXING WATCHES!
Holy crap. From the ashes!
i need a new job..
Wanted to stop in to wish you a very Happy Birthday Hope its one with many special memories & the love of family & friends
Yea it's true and it was amazing!!
Utah's 43 State Parks have amazing hiking, biking, boating & beautiful views! Plan your Mountain biking trip for the summer!
CA RTT fans - we are going to be playing across the state this summer. what cities do you want us to play and what venues do you recommend?
Mind, as a pub of truly indie media that's ethical, there's a bitterness piece, which is that outlets like them are killing us.
I just felt some dude's burp from like 30 feet away
Disappointing loss by the #Nuggets for sure. But it's just one game & wasn't himself. He will be the rest of the way!
Shoot. If I had an extra I'd mail it to you...
I'm rocking a pair of for my #3LeafClover music video! They are the bomb! Love them!
LOITER SQUAD <3
meant to tweet this earlier, but the driver on #11nb, bus 04019 (I think) was awesome!
Joe and Victoria!
Just saw my picture in another magazine....that makes 6 so far
Buying stuff online with your dads credit card because
I want Baltimore info please :-)
Oh where oh where is :(
I ate way too many meatballs, you guys.
Damn almost 1000 tweets!!!
Ladies + Gentlemen, Boys+Girls congratulate Sherm Feller on making the Mass Broadcasters Hall of Fame today www.shermfeller.com
Seems weird that Lion still comes with 2.7.0. Happily brew installed 2.7.2 for me so no worries there.
are you following me!
my mom won't let me go running wtf is this
that will be viral in no time. Just add a caption.
Hope everyone had a great time at the concert last night! Register asap for WCG at wildcanyongames.org
can't wait to see Team Adam rock tonite
going off on Comcast lol
Great seeing ya again at the BmoreFail conference. LOVED the food! Keep up the awesomeness!
None of my fans work. (Yes I'm a weirdo who needs fan sound to sleep). Guess I need a small metal old timey fan not Target's cheap-o dealie.
Thanks for the RT's guys! and everyone else unmentioned. lol! Good night!
We respond to anyone with a passion for music, we promote and devote our time to helping musicians get noticed.
Thats the best part!
already set the dvr! ; )
Spent the entire class period on the 14th amendment in re to marriage equality. Students wanted to know why ppl didn't read Consitution
I don't know about PAC cup. But def finishing the season. When is PAC?
2-2. We have a series folks
#sxsw we will have 3-song samplers from the studio album for you! Not mastered but still sounding awesome, thank you !
Apple needs to up its marketing strategy to praise the sheer genius of their non-untangleable headphones.
Creativity Tip: Two minds really create such wonderful new ideas that one person could never have thought of.
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
Ahahah it's a blessing.
a shooting star
When you wake up from you're nap , you automatically want to eat.
Can't wait for 3 o'clock.
The new Gmail = as universally hated by customers as New Coke was in 1985, except Google refuses to switch back to the classic formula
I love my Mr. Wrong!!!
Been in the lab working, I got a lot of interesting shit for yall, its getting hot time to talk that talk an walk that walk!
bbq is a surpise for someone n im driving that person so cant have the dessert in my car. so maybe we can hang n back on sat
so how many of you would love to be in a party like in the Bounce music video?
I know. Time to turn that desperation on again
please just don't make me do the skrillex remix...
yum! Thanks!
Can't wait for you to be here next year! Gonna do it again!
Another sleep over wit my boo ^__^
After a month maybe 3 people in the Baltimore media personally had welcomed me Maybe they thought u were a narcissistic dimwit?
Why are you looking at your feet while having sex?
: My daughter is going on about how CUTE TYLER'S EARS ARE. Good grief!
We have a Twitter account for those who live or visit Abilene, Texas!
Meh, I hate allergies. Feeling like poop! :(
I wish we talked more.
Celebrating #WomensHistoryMonth ! How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes! -
i dont believe none of the shit he tells me,yet i stick around.
Just wanted to tell u that I will always luv u. I've been with u from the start! So just wanted to say I <U+2764> U!! Xoxo
OMG I had a dream that my belly button was talking to mee ! It said that its name was Jerry Haha <U+2665>
I swear, every girl here from notre dame looks exactly the same.
God got a teenager pregnant with himself bwaha! That last video has me dying!!!
hell yea!!!
Fuck fedex, UPS is better
Lets go clippers
New technology is common, new thinking is rare. - Sir Peter Blake
Time for bed but still doing the wash ): (
verified again dear
any chance of you selling more tickets and opening the balcony?
My dog wants to lick your balls bebeh
its tough being a high school drop out ok
I've had it with this town. Someone come get me...
is delusional
So I guess the question is, since I've been signed out for so long...what's new?
Got it, we'll send some people your way! Thanks!
thanks for the follow I love BBQ
hey briana r u on line if u r txt me back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
had a great time speaking on "Embracing Social Media as a Non Profit" at the today. #redcross #social media
it's funny how you get all the way to Key Largo, and then it's a whole 'nother road trip to get down to Key West. good luck!
Can't believe those were banned from the You should wear 'em anyway. They're too sick.
NEW YORK! NEW YORK! NEW YORK! NEW YORK! NEW YORK! NEW YORK!<3 WE MISS YOU!(: <\3
Aww thank you so much, sweetie! <3 :)
"I used to have a drug problem, now I make enough money." -David Lee Roth
People can be do stupid..can't never admit when they wrong
Started the day with a little MJ... and things have just been going my way all day...
How are you today?
I understand the business aspect of it, buying and sharing information. However, from this end I don't like being forced.
Happy New Years, Tweeps! Wishing you a joyful, healthy and love infused 2012.
Phone Banking with 12 wonderful volunteers to Nevada! Yayyyyy!
2,222 fans! Tell your friends about Science Update!
any chance you guys offer custom shoes for an apparel line to help a slum school in niarobi,Kenya?
That's what everyone keeps saying!
ya because she didn't say "I'm Elena?"
RT Yuma Co. Officials conducting fire assessment by ground & air. Heartstrong Fire is 100% contained.
Better logistics will also play a factor along with cloud solutions. Social media could hurt large brands that can't adapt.
I want to leave I just want the america los angeles
Continuing our HIMYM marathon. Just reached the episode- best. one. yet.
no you are :) And your nice/funny.
I'm going to bowl again tonight!! I'm going to have fun looking at pearl jewelry too!
That was a quick flight!
“: Annoyed would be a severe understatement.”
guess who joined on this..i will probably be annoying on this until i get a hang of it
Showed up at the wrong bar
Fresh and so clean clean
So excited to be !!!!
I doubt youu will!! It's gone bee hard to doo
You too! So glad to have US officially represented!
I want the money, money and the cars.. Cars and the cloths.. The hoes..
Just a debate about Jon Blow (though an agreement about how good Braid is).
waiting for a call to get my schedule for work. I hope its not
Ip Man - its a karate movie about Bruce Lee's martial arts teacher. If you like martial arts movies, that's the best.
Thanks for the follow IER!!!
Just got the hook up at KFC
I use an iPhone 4 and an iPad.
just received props for their transit mapping web tools and realtime data usage at
Whoa, what's happening there? Illegal activity?
Sorry but I don't understand...
yes I'm defiantly jel that Austin Carlile is following you lol c:
I was hoping for a Starbucks card for Teacher Appreciation week but I got something almost better Famous Daves!!
How is the Big 12 not looking at BYU and Boise right now?
my big head ass brother woke me up and shit!!
take what the water gave me.
Hey-we have the same hairstyle! (Looks much better on you) ;-)
It's not to late to sign up for Ethnic World Pageants!!! Check out the website for details www.ethnicworldpageants.com
#AskDerulo Are you excited about your next album? I will love it too
really like the new look of
Be careful the environment you choose for it will shape you; be careful the friends you choose for you will become like them
RT“: excited about new live performance footage in a couple weeks via & !!” Psyched to work w u!!
what is it with rihanna and these vagina moves?
I'm in! When & where?
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU! <3 biggest fan! xoxoxox
My baby cousin is trying out for her first year of cheer this afternoon. I am excites for her and nervous! :)
No, no. THANK YOU.
mhmm, but how are you?
"She was the one, the only one for me I made mistakes but she always forgave me."
so did Santana over 5 seasons. Then innings dropped.
you too man!
both r unnatural. Just because perming is mainstream doesn't make it right. White cream on your face vs your head...
Toast Earth Day! Enjoy 10% off any organic, biodynamic or salmon-safe wine today at The Local Vine!!
i will wifey & omg yu been so lost & i knoe sowwy i couldnt go to the babyshower i had no ride -.-
what's this i hear? we got a dataminr alert that you were stuck in an elevator cc:
Ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts (tiddly dee)
nope u dont fuck wit me
make sure to bring your networking 'A Game' to the A Loft #mkenye2012 The BIGGEST New Years party in
And also that grown men don't bear ostrich eggs as tokens of their undying love?
Today is one of those days where I wish I could drive so I could go get myself starbucks
: "Where are HRC and GLAAD when we're marching for Trayvon Martin?"
smh or when they smack their lips gross!!! omg it hurts my ears!!
thanks for the recommendation; I'll be writing one for you soon :)
Oh wow - now those are sweet if they work as promised!
beginning of the year: nothing special about him. middle: he's cute. now: I'm falling in love with him...
How can I help you?
Aw fuck randomly throwing up & now I feel like shit /:
FREE tonight at the NEW South Shore Plaza Pinkberry location 6-9pm!!!
RT : Q3: What if ppl brought specific projects to #pubmedia chat and we spent some time brainstorming? <- YES, that.
"Problems in relationship occur because each person is concentrating on what is missing in the other person.."
my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone.
it's an agenda that's hate driven (Pete Thamel's that is). You're looking far into this. It's about as professional as I amlol
"Not religion-wise, what do you believe in?" Someone just asked me this, so I need to think. Hmm...
sounds like the Rams need Ted Thompson to manage their future.
No, as long as the adaptation isn't blatantly trying to make a modern cultural/political point, I'm happy to play along.
hey guys,your twitter has been hacked & you are sending out dm's with links that have viruses.Change your password dolls!(:
great but they moved them into the house due to bad weather. I was so excited for him. They won the varsity game too.
Children Griding isnt Dancing(: went to my high school sadies dance, & lost my date cuz i woodnt "dance" with him that way .-. ha goodnight.
That sounds delicious!
Counter-Productive Persistence = Working hard at what ain't hardly working.
Still stuntin like Super Dave!
around December 12th I think.
Who is behind this account? I'd love to ask you a few questions.
I imagine the Starbucks line will never be anything other than massive during this conference! One in Marriott too IIRC.
Former Havertys Chairman Clarence ‘Clancy' Ridley, 69, Dies Clancy Ridley wore two notable hats as one of Atlantas top businessmen -- a
I know i love my daughter b/c its 10 & I just took off my work pants. And I HATE wearing pants. Been tending to her since ive been home.
I do what I can lol
would you drop Teague for Harrington?
Teacher: "Get out a sheet of paper" Student: "LOOK AT ME NOW!" Teacher: "Excuse me ?" Student: "IM GETTING PAPER”
I mistake #wirecall news outlet hashtag for "wire call" on a daily basis.
oh shit, 3 days for a drunky wobblying lacy down the mean chicago streets
Brenda Nietupski @ #kidscreen - Canadian preschool shows all have education advisors, in response to parent concerns & to support US export.
Beard and Stache Festival at the Triple Door. Totally bringing out the knit beard to compete in the bearded lady competition.
in what ways has your life changed since your video by Greyskale went viral on the Internet?
True or False: The Movie Casino holds the Guinness World Record for most swears in a film?
"Eliminate the things that make you busy. Focus on the things that make you productive." Very powerful distinction.
Working on your #JazzFest schedule yet? Don't miss Cindy Scott on the 1st Fri & & the Underdawgs on the 1st Sat!
there is a third "let me show you".
Only right that we give our friends a special shoutout on Autism Awareness day. Any special plans today?
“From the withered tree, a flower blooms” #Zen Proverb quote
I guess I need to start getting dressed and do my hair.
Leading SportsCenter with Pujols getting a homerun this season? Lame. You've got NBA playoffs, NHL playoffs and a 17 inning MLB game!
How dare Newt "The Lobbiest" enter our state after he accepted 1.6 million from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae as Nevadans lost their homes.
At Firm Solutions Unlimited LLC, we help our clients leverage their resources to design a platform that delivers results.
Working on Badger Career Network Fan Page on Facebook.
An uberfact I knew! “: Mayim Bialik, who plays Sheldon Cooper’s nerdy girlfriend on Big Bang Theory, has a Ph.D in neuroscience.”
Battier looks like he really wants to win a championship
Hire the guy down the road, the people in your city. Bring our country back one city at a time. That's the right way to distribute wealth!
Being an adult means coming to terms with the depth and breadth of our limitations as humans as we march toward oblivion. Also, crotch hair.
No teeth marks but they sure played hell with the frosting!
I thought it was funny
#MattCavanuaghSays The sky is green and the grass is blue
you just retweeted a never shout never quote
Excellent blog! Insightful! U r a very good writer!! Hope these genuine comments help u out today!!!
hit us up closer to the season. Let's talk
You have insurance though, right?
I wanna see the three stooges aha
Thank you for the RT!! Sending peace and love from San Diego!
BLESS YOUR HEARTS for sharing
Chincoteague Island, Virginia. I'm currently in an ice cream parlor soaking up the the free WiFi and machine-generated coffee.
WHY WE NEED you on the radio!!!! I get no scoop on anything anymore:) Depression setting in...
back to the hell hole 2morrow. *Big Sigh*
It's only 8:45.. Beer hath no factor yet! :-D
We Believe in Change....We are here to make it REAL....
Studying for Finals on wednesday. Two tests and a day of skills labs away from my dream... Paramedic Young :) So so close...
... Kay I'm going out with Kyle.. Don't know when ill get back so enjoy
Hey...i penned a song for you...I actually was walking my dog and wrote a song for you or you could call it a poem :)
Yes, I did just spam your twitter feed so I could get free music. Get over it.
Who knew it was opening day at wrigley field?
btw, text me I lost all my numbers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
i was just thinking that...
Nice work! Enjoyed it
I love you baby have a good day at work!!
Illinois Catholic Charities Drop Lawsuit Against State Over Gay Adoption ... - Huffington Post
Patio party 4pm Whyb and friends spinning on patio grill n tiki bar post brunch party not to early not to late :)
I have a bunch of 1869 newspaper films waiting for me at the Shorewood library. I'm looking forward to/dreading it.
Follow she follows back
Angry birds.!
happy bday did you see the pic I sent
ok anythin for u
I listen to strictly country.... and
Doing some work and watching planes take off. Beautiful day.
yay.. bought my first two pairs of Frye boots.
Dave makes me Salty...
Face down ass up
what does s.f. Mean? Lol
Thank you
oH YEAH OMG
Justin Townes Earle - Mama's Eyes - 09:29 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Going to today for a new helmet. Woot!
"another thing i find interesting is that it is not even a little bit profound.".
“: Q. Have you ever used coupons for prescription drugs? Do you find them helpful? #latism” there are coupons?!
#fundraising+you angels invest their own money, VCs invest LP money. Know the difference.
Girls that don't freaking over react abt everythin >>>
SO TRUE! RT : quotable : "When did shopping for STROLLERS become harder than giving BIRTH?!?"
We have been using Maritza Ruiz in Tampa for all of our QuickBooks work for many years. I would highly recommend her if you use QuickBooks.
Msg to Mississippi River: Down, boy...down!
on right now www.ustream.tv/nyc140conf
Connected to a French lab with an Australian, Greek and an American in the conference. @ #IBM .
You can donate $5 to helping homeless individuals and families by texting "road" to 20222. #roadhome salt lake city ut
im in newport news near hampton.. where u gonna be at??? i leave Sunday
Started 10 for 10 in my Bracket before that Georgetown debacle. Had the Hoyas all the way to the Elite 8. So depressing
yo dude you in pgh yet?
I have a feeling that after tonight everything might change...but I'm ok with that
Indians get better deals at hotels abroad than at home - Economic Times
Bad news is time flies but the good news is youre the pilot
Gettin' my Vitamin T tonight, baby! Double margaritas & straight shots!
I'm the only one at school with Blue hair. (: I stand out.
maybe because Yo has a double already off of Happ?
Ever notice whenever someone starts sentence about "using common sense" it's usually followed by some relatively UNCOMMON thoughts? Watch!
I ain't mad atcha I got nothin but love for ya
4 more weeks to go!
agreed, but Virginia's laws make it tough, Charlottesville's laws make food vending tougher. And well, this isn't a city, sadly.
In the art of Feng Shui, having an open, clean and clear pathway to the door is very important for the harmonious flow of energy.
Sometimes the shortest distance between two points is a winding path walked arm in arm.
Man I would have liked to have joined in!
Any Caps fans here? Hockey fans in general?
hmu if u want a shirt to go with some of your kicks
you'll get through it! if i remembered correctly you're a strong person!
I dont even know his name. haha but he likes to bother me eeeeryday.
Good morning! Last day to enjoy Sunday football games til the postseason!
Energy giant finds source of gas leak
on way to colloquium on using digital media in civics classes. first talk i've seen on topic since finding out about 's #amst260!
Jessica Simpson -- Baby Suite is Sweet ... for a Cool $4,000 a DAY!
tonight alive, we are the in crowd
Who you got takin it all bro ?!
We're in Seattle next week for Casual Connect - ping us for a meeting. We'll be showing off our newest tech...demo or die!
Not thinking of good, not thinking of evil - tell me, what was your original face before your mother and father were born?....Zen Koan.
Dependence on oil is fueling our enemies both oil and $$$
you're no longer with cnn?
Thanks for the RT! Everyone could use more #margaritas in life :)
paul f. tompkins would be PROUD OF U
I'm glad I didnt get that u know what! $$$$ saved!
I bet has something to do with that!
i just sit back and watch your tweets and i totally agree with , you are a douchebag smdh
is wondering when a promoted tweet is going to pop into my feed!
yeah, I'm in here
Lmao "yall act like youve never seen tits" Oh we have, were just not dumb enough to post them on twitter (;
Oh hey, everyone. What's happening?
Might head downtown with Shinece and Javier ^_^ we heard the city poppin tonight
ALA goofed my membership, again. Thanks guys.
Free throws!!!
#NP "Every Little thing You Do" Christopher Williams
Really don't want to write this paper..
So I don't know how it happened, but I won teacher of the year...feels like I'm in the Twilight Zone or maybe Alfred Hitchcock presents.
Walking aroumd the house naked>>>>
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
I think journalism is biased in one way or another anywhere you go.
Better late than never! RT Wow. What a season ender. #madmen season 1 just complete.
After coffee was put in my cocoa pebbles this morning, i am now gonna try to do lunch with Lindsay. Hope no foreign objects land in my lunch
Steak 'n Shake, second only to Paula Deen in serving absolutely deadly food.
i love you <3 Follow me
How to Change Metro Start Screen Background and Color in ...
": Now I love Glenn Campbell.By the time I get to Phoenix...one of my favorites. I saw him sing it on Flip Wilson show. U old!
only if they know what the word means
just dropped off some grub for us on the tours! Music starts over there at 7 tonight!
“I believe we should take pride only in the things we create that will live after us.” – LETTERS TO YOUNG FILMMAKERS
I'm having a craving for caramelized onions.
Orthodontics does more than make a pretty smile – it creates a healthier you. Have an awesome weekend ahead, everyone!!
I felt very nervous throughout the entire film. Even though I didn't love it, I can't say that about any other movie
Before she was a contestant on the Bachelor (who "won"). She had a kid then, but technically different show. ;{
Any BIG fans of Arabella Jones out there? Become a Street Team Leader! Tweet me if you're interested and I'll tweet ya back with the info :)
yes! it really does! did you get it?
Manning changing teams is more about how #sponsors will activate him versus who will sponsor him
Don't tell me what to do. You're the reason I'm up.
Glad you're okay!
Mitt-Man & the Boy Wonder, Paul Ryan; what a dynamic, comic book duo they make. Honestly.
I know my badd... I be on fb all tha time lol
Heading to the beer garden at Highline Park on NYC.
Great meeting last Friday with potential client. We discussed: How can #socialmedia be used to both educate a community and transform it?
hey is your name Dakota?
that i agree with
thanks keanu and your so funny! :)
FLOWETH INDEED IT DOES
Organizing paper business cards, I see some cards with contacts no long here, so..
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked. ~ Erich Segal
It's definitely NOT the same but I still like it. I love Hance so much. Honestly I'm stoked for the new WIM...
Stay tuned for series of Women's History Month local events
This Silicon Valley brogrammer shit is fucking retarded. Grow up or don't start your own company if you don't know what century we are in.
did I get ur name right for months I put its instead of im x
Doing the AB rocket tonight at home with my dvd's to follow along ;) gotta always be working out some way!!!!!!
Check out contemp art in other cities!
how do I get a job with your entertainment company? I have the resume to back up my work ethic!
I want to be doing anything but studying for finals!
Considering the audience, that would be a bit ick.
“: Yes everyone I'm dating :x Lol” Haha if only if only ;)
// If they're going to be assholes, they might as well be intelligent assholes!
Ford to quadruple SUV offerings in China over next year Ford, seeking to tap into China's growing appetite for brawny SUVs, will quadrupl
you want to join in a night of getting over dressed for no reason?
It's boring as hell but I don't like going out on Friday the 13th for precautionary reasons
ESA tracking station in Perth Australia has established contact with #Phobos-grunt. www.spacenewsnow.com
In Haiti, a mid-wife is called 'sage femme'. Translation: wise woman.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!~For each petal on the shamrock this brings a wish your way -Good health, good luck & happiness 4 today & every day
Your welcome!:)
"Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
"If you wait until there is another case study in your industry, you will be too late" - Seth Godin
Yeah well next time i expect a full 5 minutes with little to no dispute. You have to pretend to enjoy it.
What's up everyone?! Just got back from another great trip to Vegas and LA. Anyone looking for great places to go, hit me up
Opening night of the Tournament and Team Nottheface is ranked 100 on the leader boards, going strong for the title
Should we expand Q3 to Q4 and say our non-library hobbies?
Shots fired! RT : Conde Nast's unbroken string of stupid tablet magazine apps continues with "Next Issue."
We're doing just fine without bro. . .
Settle a bet: A 3 Musketeers bar is or isn't filled with chocolate nougat?
Parked by the tennis courts for the first time in my collegiate career
This pizza is banging.
YES ": The best things in life are the people you love, the places you’ve seen, and the memories you’ve made along the way."
yeah, mon-thur every week through August at least, maybe longer. Weather is outstanding...
You gotta love that Google Voice. Comes in handy bigtime!
Also I think this whole internet thing went off the rails circa 1996, so what are ya'll whining about?
I miss her so much :'(
I will say this in the most sophisticated way possible: Snow in Indy is dumb
Working on the annual report to help heal my Heel-induced broken heart.
I'm in a shit fuckin mood.
I had so much fun a Greek academy!!!
- I name them after seasons so I can mention them in casual conversation without anyone noticing
it's a city in Louisiana
by : Woohoo hubs left so now I can watch second half of the Celtics game and then the World Series!
Had to take a quick break, hope to be back on the air shortly
Must-read for PR! RT What do #media look for in an #interview? Here are 6 things they want: bit.ly/wmJ1Kv
well happy early birthday, GURL!! :)
No pet expo or Celtic festival for us. Ray is a party pooper. Shopping done and home making pasta.
thanks! no classroom sexism here--all girls' school. :)
I wonder if this girl knows how jealous I am of her
A milestone today... my first #tarppull. New respect for grounds crew!
Saturday FEB. 18th LIVE at Club Dajtumir 356 Chestnut Hill Ave Brighton, Ma Hosted by of !!
#NYPL's recalls Comden & Green's #Hollywood #musicals, incl. the one that never got made:
Eric Dieter: context is the new content. J. 31
Life, get better. I dare you.
EAPH BREAKING OUT.....
Hi Hi Hi. Hey Hey Hey Mrs.Castronovo
Race horses with exceptionally large hearts (not due to deformity or illness) can demonstrate stamina & endurance beyond the average horse
was sharp and radiant with Joan Didion at NYPL tonight. Young lions roar and all that.
McLean Cty Museum is considering making a Curator of Digital Resources position. Scholarly/tech/data mgt.
yeah we saw the bat! And great song choice.
YES! Finally!!! lol
Aw:( I just had a mini heart attack because I thought answered me lol... <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Leigh Ann offering to make the pizza so I can watch the one direction icarly
28 more! Please get me it before the day ends! (:
My bag full of costume changes for tmw is literally...insane...
Why can't you tickle yourself?
Reporter: Do you think you can guard them? Kobe: No. #KobeNotKnownforGivingAnyFucks I don't even like him and I died laughing.
There's some white eggs on my dads window, EW!
Thanks for the updates...keep em comin!
Just rearranged ma room
When pale people think they can be RUDE ass bitches about people who like to soak up a little vitamin D..SHUT THE HELL UP.
"ultimate urban oasis" Can I get that on a T-Shirt?!
Im slim shady yes im the real slim shady all you other slim shady's are just imitating wont the real slim shady please stand up
Great advice from on using social media v. other communications: "say you're listening, listen and show you have listened"
I can tell things are different. I'm not the same person I used to be.
Looking at stacks of 2011 reviews & interviews w our authors & am astounded by our success in 2011, technically our 1st year in biz.
the Jungle gets my 400th #tweet !
A Law & Order style Community, a live 30 Rock, and another great episode of Parks & Rec. This was a great night of a comedy.
Spanish music just makes you wanna dance.
Burn Notice never gets old
Do you have on your list?
Yeah, mine too (AIM ftw!), tho I assume we are exceptional. I think 2000 was the 1st yr 50% ppl had access.
That's an excellent idea. Check back tomorrow...
YEAH! So excited. Can't wait!
It;s late, see ya in 5 hours.
Stiglitz: We have too many regulations stopping democracy and not enough regulations stopping WallStreet from misbehaving.
oh girl don't even get me started..I love him but..I need to teach him how to dress. #smh #HesStillCute <3 and THANKS(:
Best lasagna ever in Seattle.
Beer is better than Obama because imported beer doesn't pretend to be domestic.
RT (KJV) 2 Corinthians 12:9 And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness.
Hey thanks. It's not perfect, but I'm feeling a small sense of victory. :) How was day 2 of that workshop?
Yeah,,,,,,no longer friends
#ThingsIReallyCantStand When People On Twitter Say #TWEETME And When You DO They Never Respond..
I never been the type to care about what everyone else does. I like what I like and that's it..
It really was. Expensive, but really worth it. We spent the whole day there. Servers brought us drinks, it was awesome!
"they can copy what you've done but they can't copy what you will do" wise words from
I'm more than just a little curious how your planning to go about making your amends to the dead.
2 ALL, MERRY X-MAS, STAY SAFE!!!
very true im sure the first of many still along baseball season ahead.. oh and we can agree to hate the red sox too lol
welcome to the party Tim!
What time does Freshman Insider Ray Ratto come on?
Catalina, small tweak: Murkowski ran as a write-in Republican candidate for Alaska's U.S. Senate seat.
I'm dying over here to get S2 have to wait til Wednesday hope I don't turn into a walker...
Right! Think the Bartender at Nomad said she got it at a Summer Passport event, when she donated?
Bloggers: How'd you like to test out our service for *FREE*? Check back Monday for more details.
Happy Thursday!
is it bad that the thing i'm most excited for at bamboozle is the possibility of seeing
Listening To Music :) In My Chill Mode
i mean... no coment
what type of counselor?
I love how I @ myself too :)
At the Drs office; receptionist tells nanny over the phone 2 give her kid nuggets & Doritos for lunch, then complains about needing a smoke.
Shouldve stayed in the fucking house
his little scheme of bringing all the social issues up to distract people from the real issue of the failing economy
Wet? RT : I guess it's going to rain. Perfect, the weather matches how I feel.
Da last day of dance is ova ! :) now i get 2 sleep ...
Well here's another one. We need to talk soon!! I need your entertaining conversation in my life.
Is the running game dead?
Thanks! We'll see what we can do! RT you guys did it great. now come to england,or hit jersey when im there in september!!!
Just found out Carroll Shelby died last week. End of an era.
Good morning to all hope you have a great saturday
On my way to the O.H.10 got on more colors than a haitian immigrint..still fly tho Go download Eloheems Peace single today more music coming
@ Gulf Oil Spill Community Forum in Key Biscayne, FL hearing facts about the spill directly from the experts. We have clean up work to do!
NFL DRAFT > SOFTBALL
going to try Moa tonight, Will let you know. Wish they had their menu online, though.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
I went to the gym for like 10 min today... and i was like lets goo!
tweet me your favorite song by :) i'll RT it!
Word on the street is, you can get a free copy of tonights service by commenting on this post.
When life gives you lemons, have a party!
I always assume someone's feeling you up.
Kim jong un has some teeny tiny shoes to fill.
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices. Pls pledge w/ us. Pls RT
we love you's!
lolol sounds like serial killer
all these games I want coming out at once...first bf3 then skyrim then assassins creed? I need more money lol
So much love to Kris! RT Time to listen to the #BBMS w My daily dose of laughter. ;-)
His mommy's coming to get him , Then I'ma cook some pancakes & etc. for my lil brother and sister.. Then take a shower !
im bouta smash on something. Damn
it's the ME female body type. Donk in space.
This is such an amazing campaign - thanks for spreading the word today!
broken pinky. Happened while taking a charge in last nights game against Hughes springs
im having a terrible day Mrs. Schmidt:'(
All I need in my life, is a money vs pacman fight...sigh..
#Nuggets continuing to dictate tempo pushing the ball approaching halftime.
thank you!
Just pre-ordered #P90x2. Already a little nervous. It's going to be a beast!
Most of our items start at just $1 or $2, go check it out now! www.dealshow.com
#bkjury I found it interesting that people who spoke English very well in the main holding area forgot how in jury selection.
Also on Netflix Instant, Friday Night Lights, if you've never seen it.
I swear ignorance is a silent killer!
‘Below one per cent women eligible for blood donation&#39;
Talked with union in Springfield,il. They expect 1,000 protestors when Gov Walker arrives to speak to IL businesses tomorrow.
Having or going to a St. Patty's Party?! Get your orders in for Irish Car Bomb Truffles or Green Velvet Cake!
I woke up 2day skreamin fuk how you feel, In my ear therez ah blunt and in my system never ah pill
On sale now! Dead Winter Carpenters () + T.V. Mike & the Scarecrowes () + The Skinny String Band - Fri. May 18
education is important, but i think the experience is more important then education. why? because experience is the best teacher in my life.
the chorus to Mr owl ate my metal worm
Kings win. AHAHAHAHAHAHA.
I have no idea whats going on with #PLL . I stopped watching after the 8th episode :P
You'll look Marvelous as usual. Have a great time. Women unite.
The ONE time you tweet.... RT : whose nasty legs are those?
READY FOR ALGEBRA?
Is it just me are is every bitch on twitter look like a fuckin super model be real girls #teamfollowback. Haha RT if you agree
thank you so much! It's people like you that will get us there :)
“: My vow to you: to be the org that pushes social change with a cheeky smile." We like!
We are dropping 4 Crews this week!!!!!!!!!!
oh good. 20 minutes I can handle. A few hours just seems weird. thanks.
Seun Kuti was spectacular in San Diego. Truly honoring his father's spirit with his own profound Truth!
To unify all of your artwork on a wall, frame all of the pieces in the same style and color.
Did Arlen Specter contract swine flu or mad cow disease? ...and to think, I was looking forward to fillibusters.
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us… What we make of our talents …
I asked Brett Wurst who he has winning the #NCAA Championship and he said "Dirk Nowitzki". Crazy Germans.
trying to find tickets now!
Well, this is certainly shaping up to be an interesting news day. Not to make light of anything going on. Wow.
firefox has one built into the browser so :P if it's your laptop you can get firefox and use it instead, just a suggestion:P
whatever lol I gave,u da number
Thanks, John :)
"A total commitment is paramount to reaching the ultimate in performance." Tim Flores - NFL coach
Good thing you have me, Baby Ethan.
Just got a Gus Johnson fix!
We're lookin for some #Oscars predictions!
Marry Me <U+2665>
Happy Wednesday! For lunch, try our Spicy Ginger Shrimp on top of mixed green salad w/ cucumber spinach coulis sauce. ONLY $9.50!...
Hangout tonight San Diego?
#30thingsaboutme 2. Austin is my owner :)
Don't want no paper gangsta!
Are media members really asking why he's having this news conference? Are you trying to get less access?
...OBSTRUCTIONS are simply puzzles that need TO BE FIGURED OUT, rather than the end of the world! ;-)
Good times at #fieldstudies with 2012! See you guys tomorrow for drinks...or, uh, "networking."
Get schooled - our Education Innovation Report is out! Topics: arts education matters + the skills grads really need.
I beat every level in Angry Birds...WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN CLASS NOW?!
do it dude this is your opportunity to make your dream into reality!
If i decide to take a chance and get some dont laugh im thinking outside the nike box
ready for my day off tomorrow...
I love doing nothing at track <3
thanks for coming to see the show!
The Brink has salsa dancing? ! I may have to go!
Thomas just asked if Jesus looked like a zombie.
glad you're o.k
Dreary Monday :<
Anyone have any suggestions for the best parking options at Tropicana Field? Going to the game tomorrow...
When it comes to love, I am glad I am not a woman who does not know how to love herself first
pissed that my super deluxe fame monster pack came w/ two fame monster albums instead of both the fame and the fame monster
Looks like I'm going to need 2 TVs on Sunday.
Oh no! I'll be your friend! 3 days has already been too long! ://
Chattanooga Standout Signs With Georgia Northwestern Hixson’s Boyd Inks With Cats Country
To the Mavs fans in the crowd that chant "KHLOE" on the rare occasions that Odom does something good -- give up on life.
Thanks for the plug. :-D Sadly, I actually won't be on the air this Saturday... so it goes!
Gonna make my own fun. First a shower, then a long walk, then the book store.
lol my mom thought Mr.April was a student
that's awful. Do you have Hefty bags to place on your chairs?
OMG love it!
Meant to be together meant for no one but eachother
So I had to do some PI work to see what these #BBW "women" had to say about their effed up incredibly ratchet behavior tonight.
I want to Tweet about the Cavs, etc. There will be an all time colt fan page for the offseason at Follow them!
ooh Dave & Busters sounds fun!
SANTA! I'm so happy your on twitter! Do any of the reindeer have handles? Can we send our Xmas lists to you here? HOORAY!
don't your knees, ankles, eyelashes hurt old man??
Who won the world series last year?
Hittin up Memphis Ten this weekend n when I touch down I'm tryin play
and FYI on my screen it looks like everytime you tweet its sending twice. Might just be me.
if yu stayed n cincinnati i sure wud!
Beautiful Morning TikiDolls! Looking forward to an extremely productive day. Remember, there's never a dull moment in fashion!
Noppe Im Finne, So What You Doing?
Another great day! #naturalhair consults with amazing results!
RT : just had a fantastic experience ! yum, I love delicious food that comes from friendly people :)
“ That awkward moment when you wait for a text but you realize you’re the one that didn’t reply.”
The lip dub video was actually pretty cool.
thatss hot? do you think we are running today?
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain..
Lucianos was the perfect Sunday meal today
Hey love! Sorry for the super dooper late reply! I had no internet nor phone! :(. How're ya?! :D
glad you feel great now get some rest and enjoy your day Beautiful
Bluebook question: How do you cite comments filed in an administrative proceeding? E.g. in the 1201 rule making?
RT #mlanet12 Section Programs look really good. Gonna be difficult to decide which ones to go to.
Time to start getting ready for church ; I love our worship there, it's so amazing!
You're welcome. :-)
Haha-booze & bullets sounds way more badass...I'm in!
chad is here, on the scene, he showed up to make it clean! *repeats* We got a roomba named chad! he's sweeps up all our crap! we <3 chad!
people were breaking wood at karate and I hid behind him so that I don't get hit with the wood because it came flying to us!
My phone is possessed!!!
oh Wow! Really? Lol your mean :/
i hate when my bad ankle randomly gets sore
haha, no, the last few tracts of land.
Please tweet me back asap like you do to your other fans. I fill like you hate me and dont love this fan:"(
The first symbol of Passover is
My wife's Mother's Day present! She loves your writing.
RT : I'm going to create a startup to measure how popular you are offline. It will be called High School.
Gently lick,suck & nibble on her breasts, place a finger inside her pussy pointed upward & rub on her walls while ur thumb rubs on her clit.
Poor Robin.
no problem :) have a great weekend <3
- How's everything!!
A great GOP tradition dating back to Eisenhower comes to an end RT : There will be no "next in line" in 2016
R.I.P. Whitney<3
Come on #Broncos stay focused and win it
Happy Birthday to
As we grow up, we don't lose friends, we just learn who the real ones are.
Leuchter: advises students to identify their goals, course of study particularly if they want to finish in 4 yrs.
Who ya got taking home the MWC Trophy?
What's up?!! You in NOLA?
When twitter goes slow as fuck <
heres a stat for you. In 21 years of being on this earth, last night was the most excited I have been for anything
the latter...lol
Collection Committee has successfully created/rewritten policy for nearly 3 years! Finished! Yay us!
Good seeing you last night! Going to any more upcoming events?
Richard Wolffe on #MSNBC Doesn't understand Iowa Straw poll. People who show up matter. Bought or not.
stay online so we can chat kinda
Ah swag day i think yes
no need to make us all jealous! Looks fabulous!
winter solstice......GOOD moon! Change!!!!!! We ALL need it, pros or no. Skol ;)
I would hate not knowing when everyone else already knows! :)
thnx 4 the delicious Lamb Sandwich ! it was a party in my mouth. ;d you guys are amazing chefs!
Looking for a pet sitting job to add to my other pt job. Have thirty yrs exp with horses and dogs. Vol for greyhound rescue.
During restaurant week time we're suspending our 1/2 off Crab Legs Mondays, Taco Tuesdays, and Thursday wine specials.
Dwade are you serious
what we like most about this list are the poster! cool stuff!
I don't leave The Mission because it's 10° warmer there than anywhere else in the City.
Made a new twitter everyone :)
I am hiring for a Senior Recruiter for our Milwaukee, WI office. Please call me 608-827-8882! If you know of anyone, please let me know. #j…
Glad they didn't play off Christopher Plummer- when you wait that long to make the speech you deserve all the time you want!
happy birthday Virginia!!
When is her birthday?
was just about to give up on the future that was seen for me but I REFUSE came on
Despite the fact that album of the year has gone to the right ppl the last 2 yrs running, I just can't stomach the grammys tonight. I tried.
In class Im known as the gossip girl fashionista c: I LOVE IT !!
ive never in ma life had your # foo :/ And wussup with the pic change? :/
ik... and if i dont im gonna go to all his shows in atl so i can be the one... lol
I almost got jumped one time for saying the n word. I'll never forget that day, I was genuinely terrified.
Tired of spending your life in crunch? Let VonChurch help you find the job you deserve!
B-A-H and The French Quarter Fest...April 13...6:00pm...Capital One Riverside Legacy Stage...see you there!!!
RT for an
good job climbing!
Yes.. come on over! hahahaha :) SLEEP DAY!!!
Went over to Salvatores pizza tonite. Pretty good! Pasta was pricey but want to try their pizza. Inside was way diff than gianellis!
Yup. Haven't been to an event in awhile, tho.
confirmed sighting in my public speaking class
Tryna get the fuck to work before 4 so I can eat b4 my shift! Dont fail me MBTA
We once introduced to our team of typing monkeys but they couldn't deal with his bullshit.
: Yes! #83 td!!! #patriots this is much much better <--completely agree!
Pretty much ignored everyone today because i wasnt in the mood for people lmfao idgaf ~
if your daughter ends up coming out this way I have a pretty great facility out here and am always looking for good ppl
there's a group of us in the tweetupping now!
#YOLO. You only Love once, so don't forget to wear safety belts and a heart helmet when you do.
are you going to Elizabeth Stone lecture on campus tonight?
yeah man it went off.
Giving two presentations on agrifood processing market at the Asian Productivity Organization in March
R.I.P to the cockroach that was killed in 6th period today
All this work never ends :(
I do too much thinking.
Pampered Pet Puppy Crawl tonight from 5:30pm-7pm Cultural Center Centennial Hall. Earth Day Theme Benefiting Southeastern Guide Dogs...
Just cause I was raped when I was 9 dosent mean I have to fuck with every guy who hits on me now that I'm 23 .
Thx for the follow. Enjoy & share 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30!
For the next few months I'm going to be working on my thunder thighs.. They need to go!! <U+26A1><U+26A1><U+26A1>
all n mines
maybe she just doesn't like you...maybe you're not her type...
When they ask you why, tell them E S.
idk what's so sexy about u. the way u say #excuseme to the or the fact u like to turn me on when u say
The US isn't ok with me marrying a chick, but can I marry a pedal steel?
This guyi s really musical. www.wendellpatrick.com.
#20factsaboutme 18) I was born in Mesa, Arizona
Valentines day celebrated early... Great times!
Haha, you've got way too much time on your hands!
You Can Be My Business, And This Room Can Be Where I Do My Service [;
paragraph factory. I like that.
She's seen all of this already, and she was told most of this.
I will be at the Vernon Marsh Strutters banquet Friday night, and I'm taking the whole family.
yeah but idk why I decided to kill myself o.O I remember a big chat w/ you, cami, shakira, her lil sis, and arin. GOOD TIMES :(
was accused of running a sports betting operation at MSU in 1981? This guy is the best. Good for CLE
Happy New Year Lichi Lovers!!
Driving back from Vegas to LA. Should be back around 7 or 8 pm.
. is live on 1310 WIBA right now, complaining of hate calls coming from NYC. Call in at 877-235-1310
at work
I cross my heart :) I miss you too scsc (every time I think about what means I just about die).
Got drunk. Made a twitter
:O that's my cousin you animal!
Love to hear Kelly's reasoning, longest FG of the year for Oregon? 43 yards. It was 4th and 1.
Never letting choose the movie again!!!!! Cabin in the woods was the WORST!!!
Today is a VERY VERY BIG day for me!!! Bless God!!
Open for the Badger game!
When you order a sub- do you say 12 inch or footlong?
We are one "Baby Beluga" away from the conclusion of the small-child witching hour
Thanks ! Wonderful class. You're lucky to have such smart students. Stay in touch!
Not tweeting these days.
I screamed bloody murder when one flew from under a grilling pan yesterday! idk why they scare me so much! Gross!
Rock it Paul. Long live music.
I'm w/ya but Drew's a beast & will get out there & playground ball vs Pau who doesn't wanna injure his manicure.
so windows 7 phones use IE Mobile which is a cross between IE7 & 8? not even a full 8? #microsoft what happened to #beautyoftheweb ?
House is open! Do you call it a house when you're in an antique store?
Sheesh! going in w/ oldies and
Because if you don't have an iPhone, then you don't have an iPhone
#milwaukee Wow is it Foggy outside! Stop in, and enjoy your saturday :)
Yes. Unfortunately, doing everything in their power to blow it. Stealing 3rd for no reason and Sanchez meltdown attempt.
- I'm here! I just follow so many damn people that the people I actually know get lost in the shuffle.
Also tonight, : The Burns w/Spinning Whips and Paramount: M83
Just let me know, I'll grab breakfast and find out what time H.L opens and set up the nail appts.
The conversation of a "chat" needs to be extended between chats. Ideas/conversations shouldn't die.
ok, I feel like I got up 2 early since time changed,lol
didnt know i wasnt welcome anymore. its cool tho.
Worst way to start off my summer
Looking forward to warm weather and some gigs outside like "The Georgia WINEFEST" at Three Sisters
oh gosh, I forgot. how long are the poles open to vote.. ops.I taped the show and forgot all about voting. is it to late
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 4
#iabaudio is really smart.
Going to Auntie Di's house tomorrow for a fourth of july party and welcome home party for Kaylee... I can't wait! it's gonna be so fun! :)
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
I can't find shorts suit guy 3 :-(
Leadership is not perfection.
After 4 days at , I finally get to go HOME tonight! Still recovering-but at least I get to do so from the comfort of my own bed!
Damn dude you've come a long way! Glad to see all your success! Can't wait for all the upcoming music! #props dude
OMG CAN'T BELIEVE U GUYZ R GRADUATING
Of course, the Raincoats play live in Seattle the day I'm on PagerDuty at work. >:(. (It's at Chop Suey this Friday. GO!)
I'm so cold I need a blanket
Sometimes I want to tune out from technology completely and other times I want to be able to look up information.
Sols are done, senior posters are up. So, can it be summer now or...? #sodonewithjunioryear #senior13?
Of course I do! ;) RT see you still think about us...sometimes ha ha x
Sound track to my broken heart - Mario
Hey let's get together this week. I feel like if we make it public, we will stick to it. Let's have cookies & coffee. When?
Good morning everyone! Happy Friday!
Facebook stock to me is like buying a condo. You are buying airspace.
follow back?:)<U+2665>
Do stores that use K instead of C support the klan? Miss Naive brought me pie from the Koffee Kup. Must destroy the hate with stomach acid.
Plants, bookcase, paint, and possibly a cat = nesting
I have
I just read 4 articles recommended to me on - never realized how great of a content purveyor it was!
:D I'll keep that in mind!
for what
Congrats on BASS! Well deserved.
welcome home!
You too!
and the friendship we share makes the love and the romance between us mean even more to me
Save Ferris T-Shirt
Thanks! #SanFrancisco rocks!
Hey girl! Awesome Twitter picture! So happy about Ruth's fundraiser! Yay, God!!
surprised you have gotten an advanced reader of Pinkers new one.... can't wait
RT : How was yall day? <-eventful but cool.
is it like peanut butter in that sense? Maybe if I got a healthier version of hazelnut butter?
pip pip cheerio..how r u doing. Hey I have Dropbox now. Getting ready for an aud. how is everyone? How is school?
He doesnt have it????? You crazy! Hes leading the league in scoring....... Yall players keep getting hurt or having heart problems
Are you surprised by Axl Rose's decision.....?
that's a really great idea...
Excellent! It's quite the deluge up here right now. I hope it keeps up for a while!
Just in case we didn't say it enough on Saturday, thanks so much to everyone who helped out. Seriously, thank you.
I think that might be it.
Hey Duke, I guess Missouri loves company :)
My mother just called to ask me why Nicki Minaj didnt win Best New Aist. My night is complete.
Still going...
I went to google to search for something. Anyone remember what it was?
From a crossword puzzle: "I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous."
she just got here. hangin out, eating, trying to do work, creeping fb...but really, do my homework. cider is calling your name.
What should BG and TJ tackle this week on the High Brour? Let us know!
its always the things I care about that goes missing :(
what do u think of juan cena
I am Tebowed out! Annoying!!!
all Seth macfarlanes shows start out with a disclaimer, viewer discretion advised. I just figured out what that means.
Is bailey 15?
Finally some warm weather in New York!! Time to start shredding and cutting all my winter clothes!
My mom is an #ExtraordinaryMom . I can only hope to make an impact on someone as she did for me. She raised me, molded me & allowed me 2grow
It takes a month to film and edit a movie, and a whole year just to render it. That's why they take so long to come out.
Falling asleep on set :0
My Internet installation guy is my new best friend.
I live near Buffalo, and the pizza is amazingg! lol just saying (:
If you put that on FB I will kiss you.... ANYWHERE YOU LIKE!!! :-0
Wishing everyone a Happy Gurpurab!
i hear thats in now-a-days :P
Awesome shoot today but super hot. My muse & partner in musical crime will be here in like a week ah =D so excited!!!
Have you ever been so hurt before over someone you really like and they say no thanks they can atleast say why rt if you are going throu ...
loves piano music... too bad I sucked so bad at learning it when I was little. lol I do play a mean flute though. :D.
i like that!
Adopting a shelter #pet is one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself. They know how lucky they are! Please support animal rescue
is it just me or does it seem like the book one should be part of a Spanish question format?
Are you offering to roll down to bayview to pick me up at 9? So many free drinks for you, buddy!
RT : Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man. Work hard in Vegas.
If it's zero costs to get a client, why not sell 50%. See you undervauled early….rookie
Don't let excuses keep you from being the person you WANT to be. The only one you can blame is yourself.
I wanna go to the pool today
What pointers or advice would you give someone about living and working in #WashingtonDC?
Check it out from beginning 2 end. set up is happening. Join us sat & sun &support a more sustainable Vegas.
One day closer to Friday! Good morning!
you tryna hoop when I get off work
Thanks so much for being apart of "An Evening with the Arts"! It was a pleasure to work with you!
It is important that teachers have the confidence to fail!
#wordoftheday After a night out in Shadyside, Pamela's breakfast always provided the satiety I needed. - Thanks Jesse!
I'm not even caring right now
I love my new rain boots but not our newly broken storm door!
That's too adorable! I should do that. I have a nice letter from a customer (I'm a contractor) I should keep handy.
"Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental."
Gotcha. (And yes, you were proven right. Heck, you always are right, anyway. ;-)
Mahogany that is.
So you're saying I should convince my wife to relocate? :) cc/
Headed back to Milwaukee, where's the party at tonight?
hardware excites Sergey at night
im so stupid
my spiritual practice includes yoga, making my husband observe judaism, gospel music, my mom making me go to mass, and "spiritual retreats"
TEAM Fit, a new title in the TEAM Magazine library, launches April 15. It's still for kids ages 8 to 18, but it's all about good health.
Gov Brown signs bill clarifying excessive filing fees for complex civil cases that had been barrier to consumer access to justice system.
LAMB I love them!
Looking for sustainable fashion tshirts? We offer organic shirts from American Apparel and other major brands. Ask us! www.inkscreens.com
My mom is annoying a.f
#inaperfectworld greed would never constrict information.
but hey mahomies ! ;D
what's up!
But little did he know his little princess was a city hoe
Also, I will not be going to SA. I released the last of my tickets today. Very, very sad.
Listen to a preview of the Someone Like Me audiobook! Preorder today. www.spokenwordinc
If I end up being a social reject at this festival then you, twitter, are going to be my companion.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE I LOVE YOU YOU ARE MY DREAM I LOVE LOVE SO MUCH PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Doubts create idols, but idols create doubts- doubts that hide yet promote their maker.
To hard to choose just one. One of each!
Thank you! I am trying to do all this code myself and honestly have no clue what I'm doing :) Your blog is super cute!
Please Don't Touch.
Greetings from Portland, Oregon! Thanks for following have a GREAT weekend!
Im absolutely obsessed with you story!!! Not even kidding I'm do anxious for more! Lol I used to be a Hassie shipper cause 1/2
Me boni and goulet saluted an officer while j walking
Hi Sweetie how are you? RT : Good morning! :)
I think I'll take this day...but still gotta get up for that seminar at 6, fml. Oh well, it's extra credit
what's the end goal of this expansion? Renegotiate a HE tv deal as if CFB tv rights? I don't think so.
I hate smokers.
Lol with what $$
Great! Be sure to let us know what you think! :)
Fast is fine, but accuracy is everything. ~ Wyatt Earp
"What happened was, we confused your bossiness with braininess, and those are two very different things"
“ I wanna work in a clothing store ..”
Seems just like yesterday we were trending #AustinTo600k ,and now #AustinTo700k? so proud of u bby!
Hey if you are feeling crazy, TK has all the equipment and ability you would need for the some1 to video the celebration.
Can't wait to get the inside scoop! RT : So excited to be a #LBF12 correspondent for Let the day begin!
I need to make a to-do list. I am forgetting everything I need to do.
Reading some hilarious tweets about the fight. Gonna laugh myself to sleep. Good night!
hooray portal 2 and books!
we go to church in the club!
Keep the pics and thoughts coming, #SUServiceday !
DannaDontGiveThisToMe 8 lol no i really don't IB- Nick <U+E32A>
Never look at what you have lost, only look at what is left with you
ffiiiinnnaaallllyyyy a nice morning
Yes, they did! I missed getting to see it, though! Glad you loved it! Wish I could find it now!
I've been a step child and a step mom. Hated the 1st, but it helped me to make fewer mistakes w/the 2nd. TY 4 tweets.
This child was persistant in overcoming the environment and thus survived child abuse.
Greek history has been one of one tragedy after another on the fringe of Europe, even though it is the birthplace of European civilization.
the Studio Pant - was perfect for my hike!
But you just don't know for sure.
josh cribbs is all we had before Trent. U should be happy we're lucky enough to have him.
just watched 's new video SOMEBODY TO LOVE. its great, i love it! (:
thanks for the twitter links to Kris and Adam
My parents: you're beautiful honey - old people: i bet all the boys are chasing after you already. - Boys: Ew, what is that creature.
Hey Twitter folks, check out our new and improved website! If you haven't downloaded our EP Supermoon yet, get on it! Good ol' free music!
okay, i think thats everyone followed, tweet if i missed ya:) -leanne
lmao oh wow son
Happy St. Patty's Day! Where are you guys headed? Are we invited?!
That's the craziest thing I've ever seen in a race and I been watching racing for over 25 years
Bonding you out. That's what we do for you Michigan.
#onlyblackpeoplesay foe instead of four
What kind of mark will you leave when you are gone????
Tonights theme for our Hospitality Party is &quot;Hustler Wear&quot;. Buy 2 get one of equal or lesser value at Hustler Hollywood!wheeeee
It's a proven fact that Happy Hour cures the Monday Blues. Proven. Check out www.gotime.com for happy hours in your area.
ii always forgive you... even when you don't deserve it...
is doing a great job tonight!!
I'm a packers fan, so this isn't happening...thanks a lot Ted...
Night's not over. Came from the win at to Oxnard for another hockey game to support Naphthalene aka
"I want to slice him in my sleep."
haha agreed!! I just drank a monster energy drink!!(:
hope this works
salad-flavored ice cream -- now that would be confusing
Wish everyone would leave Kim K alone her marriage is her business .
nice job on 7th inning stretch & song #johngrisham at #cubs game w #erniebanks #dontquityourdayjob :)
Redemption restaurant on iberville st mid city is fantastic great vibe and wait staff chef van pellegrine is an artist
We feel very lucky to have the last available Amalgamate artist box! You do incredible work!
I am having a hard time too! :-)
anyone know any good links or tips for rotating images or performing css3 transformations using jquery?
Forgot just how good it can be to read a book--a REAL book with pages and everything--at night. (Instead of an iPad)
happy birthday :) <3
hmm..first time ive actually fallen asleep during school... Good thing im homeschooled
Keep your ideas fresh and new. If you must copy from someone, give credit where credit is due!
I've got an ocean to the east of me an a bay to the west of me. I'll see you on the other side!
RT : FUN FACTS: Mitt Romney has almost the exact same advisors and policies as George W. Bush. And this doesn't seem to concern him.
the latter option.
not exactly; 128,000 libraries in US, ~16,000 public library outlets, 64% of pub libs are only source of free access
Why get Freegal when you can link to Spotify? Doesn't Hulu and Netflix have better catalogs than Overdrive? #libmade (ANSWER: Yup)
Thanks for the help at the DFW Photo Expo two weeks ago. My friend sold his father's cameras and was pleased with results!
Im depressed :[
Impressive. Almost convincing.
Are you excited about today's game? Do you have a favorite?
you're coming with me.
Just uploaded new videos! Go check them out!
#LakerHater checking in a bit late.
Do not let your outside circumstances move you from your place of peace!!
anytime. I liked what you had to say.
drawing gardens for art history
time to test out the legs on the 18k. #crispinrocks #pcrt sm
So tired. Bus sleep fail.
Playin 2k12 for the first time in MONTHS smh
Q1 - No diff than showing value to a client - always voices that r uniformed but the results should be clear/identifiable
sumone please visit me. I dont wanna study! No wait dont. Wait do! cuz I can't focus anyway...wait...dont....wait...
Bottom line: no patience in NY
#mlanet12 Apparently my shirt was delivered. Would it be bad if I started wearing it tonight & participated in the #drinkingsig early?
Back N Da Trap
Do not mix Emergen-C and seltzer together in bed.
so, what's up?
We are so excited about the student leadership from CCWC in NPR attending - are you attending Feb 25th? Tell us!
RT : Heading out to Kansas city for the Network meeting. /// We look foward to it Lauren. Enjoy!
turkey bird information
Let me know if you need a National Anthem singer. Looking forward to baseball season.
yup!! How did you know??!!
New meme? Sundae Yummy Sundae.
watching the fireworks from my house window of the nationals baseball game...WOW.... love the view DC baby
I followed you. Would you mind following this account>> ?
im serious
just tell them you are coming to my class!!
it's crazy how you think you know someone so well... and realize you never really knew them at all...
M... Biscotti! 75 cents! Come get some!
Weights that are too light won't improve strength or tone. Too heavy will compromise proper form, increasing your injury risk.
best nite of my life!!! Haha she wrote on our dollar bills! !!
Living History: When The Doors played Lagoon
bless your tweet.
First session @ #dml2011: "Performing Public Secrets"-->using PostSecret to study domestic violence
My house smells like pizza hut.
It definitely was! #hachat Gave me the push and confidence I needed.
Trying out My Yo My. What's not to like?
performing some upgrades to our customer support system - should be painless but excuse us for any hiccups…
So you're finding the datastream on disk by shelling out to find?
Haha Iight. You write more than anybody I know
Raniyah Grace Wilson Daddy Love ya..
If only I'd read this first MT : the "someone is saying horrible things about you" DM virus is back. DO NOT CLICK, folks.
I'm here
Clippers are Young and Wild and Free!
TIP: Don't just tweet it on your account unless you have thousands of followers! Tweet TO people them!
That sounds SUPER cute! <U+2665><U+2665>
sounds like fun my friend.
Pack the old love letters up We will read them when we forget why we left here
my account was disabled
Like clockwork.
ooh sorry i hope u get better :)
Infonetics: Europe's big-5 operators immune from financial debt crisis The sovereign debt crisis that continues to roll around Europe wil
cereal is the best college food
I guess she's from Ireland cause when I see her my penis is a Dublin
At the job
But we can get in a music rut just as easily as we get ourselves into workout ruts.Dig yourself out by changing up your exercise playlists.
Ooh, now I'm curious. Any hints? I'm going to Spa Velia. Love that place.
Got it, VIP 4 Munday Done Deal
Hahaha MySpace still exists
It's a great night of Chicago sports. Bulls battling the Heat right now & Blackhawks at 9! Make sure u stop by for $5 drink specials!
what you talkin bout
Shop Online anytime JCWestern Wear.com
RT Don't skip the Wayne Gretzky hockey analogy as a long time Kings fan I want to hear it
Who is this black fellow and why the fuck is he talking nonsense?!
or Harry that uses clichés; avoid them like the plague
Just sent you a message to explain the "Russian" comment.
If you don't fail now and again, it's a sign you're playing it safe. -Woody Allen
Jez just called Diablo Cody Ferrari Del Forte and couldn't tell why I didn't know who it was
Angelica - good luck with the netroots nation scholarship -- let me know how it goes!
the second week of May is pretty open for right now...
Looking good, os x lion, looking good.
My fucking burnt
Im So Hungry
come back strong tonight!!
Ah ha! Welcome back! :)
now has live shot up. Talked to wittnesses of that Astroia officer involved shooting. Hear from them in 10 min
Editing new AUDITIONING TIP video...Posting at 9 am PST sharp Monday morning! :-)
that is gorgeous!
Talk about downtown stadium, but what about stadium, cleanup & expansion of #SDRiver?
Nobody said it b easy
That's true character. You're very lucky to have a friend like him. He's lucky to have a friend like you, who sees him truly.
I've always had a thing For bad guys.
What's the weather for the weekend?
yes Bredda! Gettin a late start gonna send the touch the sky vocals in afew bless!
Beautiful day, but I am not feeling well.
Lazy mode.
i think make a good pair, they're perfect for eachother, only think about it China and Jaden :)
it happens, keep it in the back of ur mind and use it in the future. remember the feeling of defeat, and use it to work harder
Why do we feel safe under blankets? Its not like a murderer will come in thinking "I'm gonna kill- ahh crap! She's under a blanket."
- I'll take dominating a game, and having your team <<<<<<<<< Help out too! PERIOD
The bag of Granny Smith's is on top of the Fridge next to the Limoncello. The Fuji's are in the fridge.
2 Be loved by a Real Man is
I've been listening to a lot of rap lately
Lmao this jokes was lame:::::: 2 Chainz had a daughter , he named her 2 Necklaces !
. Closest analogy is between private unions and corp management, not investors.
Day 6: Flagstaff, AZ to Los Angeles, CA. Not to bad driving today, weather is better now that we are in Cali. Happy New Year to everyone!
We had a Verizon FIOS outage this morning - they are still working on it but you should be able to get here now.
I'm patiently waiting for your Sagittarius Horoscope, sir. I am unable to take action in my life unless you prescribe!
Bankrupting public education! RT : Charter bill passed out of committee. Not a surprise.
: somehow i'd missed memo that she's clinical psych. d/n *excuse* "no goffman" thing, but at least sort of explains it. :P
Clint Eastwood is one bad dude! I'm down with Chrysler.
Had fun at the 5th quarter party(: Just got out of the shower! Hurt my wrist playing volly ball -_-
thanks for the love and support!
2nd guessing myself :/
Now there you go rat'n a lot of us out.....
You're Welcome!!!
Where is it even at?
Time for a swim!
wutup Malik, good look last night enjoyed your songs! I know they say the last will be the first and the first the last ;)
Use object oriented design.
well thanks my little kangaroo ;)
So there's now a jet engine on fire on the Daytona 500 track.
Pretty sure it's physically impossible not to head bang when the guitar comes back after the choral part of Bohemian Rhapsody.
Sad! Been feeling conflicted about #zoos recently, but at least they attempt to help bolster numbers of endangered species...
vino + cooking= fire hazard
all I smell is sunscreen!
thanks for the follow! I am glad to follow you now, too!
I like it.
Just got to Ft lauderdale my lil cuz just keep talking lol now my head is killing me
Happy RG3 Day
#SAYSOMETHIN is amazing!! Uv gotten so far and I'm so proud of u!!!
Diversity Platinum Rewards is proud of NYS and its decision to allow gay men and women to marry. Congratulations!
Snuck out took my friends car and drove to madison... smh
And good to all
: Looking forward to it this year! Can't wait to get good photo's of the concert's.
u gon keep speculating? i dont turn games off.
Dique we going to the beach today. I doubt anybodys waking up.
A #career #coach helps sort out #talent, #resumes and
What's this stealth mountain BS? I thought you meant me...
Ima buy my girl a bulldog puppy .. Cuz they lazy and chill as fuck
You guys are gay.
mi perro is a serial antisocial killer
Follow along here for the latest posts and updates from the Action Potential blog, a neuro forum run by Nature Editors and
your one the lame side to. Were winners.
We seriously have some pretty ass girls @ NSA especially when they dance. Great job tonight!
Someone out there is depending on your downfall.. Make it your business to disappoint them! After All F*** The Haters. There My Motivators.
That's awesome!
I'm about to go to bed.... so goodnight :)
Hillman judge S Meiselas is missing #OWS to award the Prize for Photojrnl. That's commitment. Her shutter finger is itching.
": I didn't ask for this.. I worked for this.."
Opss ;c awkward.
on the set playin a very busy bartender! havin fun meeting new folks!
. Hope I can make it out guys. If not. Have fun
Tucson: Bait dogs for adoption - Tucson Citizen Tucson: Bait dogs for adoption Tucson Citizen TUCSON- Catching dog fighting in the act is
Audition taped last night, one today and another tomorrow. AND a call w/ an agent interested in representing me in Louisiana!
u just have 2 erase the msgs, delete the #'s & move on u dnt have 2 forget who that was 2 u; only accept that they arent that person anymore
Expecting my first shipment of finished books today!
Do You Think This Face Means That I Care About You And Your Ugliness.
Mind set ppl mind set. Let's get it . no more mr nice guy lol
haha so glad you were introduced to pinterest...
Alli simpson's best friend
And there you have it, kids!
anyone who watches Impractical Jokers deserves a follow
is organizing a group deal for the Phillies & Nationals game on Sept. 9. Call or text me if you want to join!
your true love will mess up your lipstick, not your mascara . <3
Captain America wouldn't last long though. Hulk will only get angrier and bigger/stronger
Next time gotta use the Jameson
Those are always the best. Where is Sean Young when you need her?
No problem. I've got some projects that can keep me busy till then. PS- i got a new video up
Positively healthily connected!
great TKS I borrowed one for my class to skype, I need mine own. Have a good time in Philly
happiness is no mystery it's here and now it's you and me and.
"Trynna get my case thrown / A case of great liquid / Gangsta Chic / Tuxedo and an Oakland Raiders fitted"
HD movie viewing on AppleTv rented through iTunes...success...great experience
Hey brother
The rhythm is going to get me
Only a couple more days until the 2011 Emmy Awards. TV Shows & Stars will walk the red carpet and hope to take home top prize from the Aca..
You can get Persona PSP for 20 bucks at GS, new. P3P is 24 used.
I know Twitter is clogged with "Merry Christmas!"-tweets, but I'm not one to break the trend...Merry Christmas!
yeah I have to go watch that
Groupon users, if it was your first visit, we hope to serve you again with our good food & LTC.
hahaha you are highly unattractive.
Thinking French toast & bacon for me, and potatoes along with sausage or polish for
Oh no kyle's gone. Sad. Face. Final four - gonna pull for Chris for sure.
The work of the Sporadica ladies is always fantastic, changing and hauntingly delicious! We love it!
r a n d o m ... and im hungrier than someone after a week-long fast
coed touch football
trying to figure out how I'm 3 weeks behind and it's only week 2 of the semester
appreciate the RT Kyle!
hey black people with tattoos: nope
I love titties
work tonight 5-8....really not looking forward to it.
Any techniques or tips for writing strong hooks?
Fast and Furious 6
Thanks for a great season, Packers. We'll hear from the players coming up on the CBS 58 Morning News.
half and half:) so good!
long time no see....i missed record store day but I'm gearing up for free comic book day. How's things?
Oh you made me blush. But let's not lie...I had to be #knighted in your eyes. :) YOU made it happen!
I really want to see The Hunger Games again.
My Math teacher is absolutely INSANE!!!!!!!
It's Thursday, so close to the weekend. If I can do it, so can you! Any plans this weekend? Hawthorne Heights? Queens of the Stone Age?
Cool, just can never find anything in XXL, lot of awesome shirts in large. Just no love for the tall people of the world.
Kids are hilarious. My son's a comedian and he doesn't even know it.
Never gonna happen.
is really on the air talking about whether occupy wall street or someone on left killed andrew breitbart. he's lost it.
Great Blog....I'll share it, thanks!
dont forget the place that makes the famous glazed donuts!!!
That's pretty impressive! Sounds like the money will be rolling in at no time! :)
People that use big words in conversation are usually trying to compensate for a lack of something
liked it...she is wearing a watermelon costume! :)
im all shaky to
Thanks for the RT!
honey, do you really think I would Visit the mother land without consulting you ! I'm in Long island at work! I'm fab how are you ?
I have your model UN t-shirt! It was dropped off during QRT.
What the hell don't you get. He's not the one that caused all your pain. Go buy a fucking punching bag or something.
Good luck with that email box
Thank you :)
Lee Byrd's #fridayreads : Reading Really the Blues, a gift to me from my son-in-law, Eddie Holland. Great gift.
Crap the booze out.
Thanks for the RT!
why, Jules? Why?
yeah. I feel a little vertigo now and then. Inner clock all outta wack too.
love your avi!
Do we really need a trophy for every sport, for every season, for showing up?
that was GREAT! Loves it! <3
,& THIS SATURDAY eDrinkits local Brewery Tour!$25 for 3 breweries,tasters, partybus &more! #
I'm so bad, talk your shit, i'll send you a pic while he licks my clit.
Is this real life? Last first day of undergrad.
Of course! Great idea.
Happy Monday, everyone! We hope all you awesome moms had a great day yesterday.
whats up bro this heat from that PONY song u produced... i live in LA now.. Heard u were here whts good
bandwagon unless you followed them from seattle
why arent you following me?
Nah, Sonic a bit expensive! Though may get some of them for my birthday :)
I still show my love for ppl , even though they don't deserve it.
you may just win a grammy for your show's theme song..i like it...
Up early as always, chasing money, goals & dreams:-) BlacFritz FrontLin3-everybody say a pray 4 my big cousin who's going up under dat knife
lol its gonna be ok :)
": Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit. George Carlin"
This is a small world.
I like how Gretchen Pisano says "self-full"RT : #mbisummit Stay small, simple and selfish.
So I assumes she feels the beat from the tambourine? lol
After listening to 'ocean parkway' a dozen times since receiving it last week...I can't NOT get this. Ordered...
so sweet :)
"Flying a helicopter" if you know what I mean?
I cant wait!! Question, where do u get those red earrings u wore on TheVoice?? Theyre awsome.
don't miss. go get it.
"Imagination + Vividness= Reality The mind thinks in pictures not words.~Jack Canfield
RT Ah, autumn in LA, when the stagehands spray the leaves such pretty colors.
Happened to me last fall. On the plus side, boy, did I meet a lot of new people on Twitter!
Thanks for sending Regions of the US postcards for our 4th Graders in Classroom Cantatas! Keep 'em coming: 161 1st St., Cambridge MA 02142
The road conditions are horrible!
Had a great day at the frolf course!
If I had a British accent I'd never shut up,,
he was a real jerk. Reflects bad on your brand publicly
tony montana is possibly one of the worst hip hop songs ive ever heard
Paradise is - jogging in an urban winter wonderland after the #blizzard, Hip on the ipod. Wearing team gear helps #caps fan cred too.
Gotta hand it to Wolff...still playing.
: dude, follow me!
A slushie would be great.
is hanging with Carla tonight. Have fun! Happy Easter
You're welcome! All the cool kids are doing it.
HACKED BY COOKIE HAHA
#Abs and #arms at home. Now off to the gym for some #cardio. The DVR better not screw up!
watching new years eve holla
Clickbank Cash Secrets - How to Start Your Own Web Company
nice bumping into u homie!
She's gonna try fucking you, I know it.
If you want to make a difference, you have to understand whats happening in the country and why. Need far more than talk radio sound bites!
RT : Analytics shouldn't be an afterthought. Data driven decision making is key to Measure, Iterate, improve
omg! Thats what happened to dallas's phone!!! can u still come tomorrow
What A Beautiful Day it Is Today
Ball game over YANKEES WIN THE YANKEES WIN
Must....get....up... and get ready for school
Fucked on the fattest ass ever.. The <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00B4> was on so I fucked that bitch in the ass..
i thought i lost my mind, turns out i was just finding it.
Man the Olympics are gonna be crazy.
its fucking 12:43am & my ass is awake listening to Disney music. D'fuck's wrong with me.
wear ya
I'm right there with ya.
Yes..great interview.Big LiLDarling fan, best of luck 2 u! oh and Piers...Please 4loveofGod STOP INTERUPTING?!GEEZ
I don't think we want her to ascribe to our worldview but why not live her life w/o demonizing ours?
Yes! We're totally making that happen soon. :)
Shitty. Delete this immediately.
Nope that will not be a problem
yea they have more CWs coming out too
tell who hi? Hahah
Calling At&T now - crossing my fingers for a positive experience...
Fixed ": No shows are a problem, 3 in a row beyond unacceptable. Will report and we are very sorry this happened."
Tonight is Trivia Night. It all starts at 6:30pm.......Don't miss out on the fun. Bring your team in and win some great prizes!
Doesn't getting out of her hair count as a gift?
I love how he covered his face, but I know who that is from the stickers on his laptop...
Spread love.
she does jog
You're lucky you learned this early!
thanks for telling :)
#Oomf give the BEST sloppy head. M
#iloveyou <3 <3 :) #boyfriend listening to it on the radio
BELIEVE TICKETS.aksksksjdoskajazkcodjs
You look too skanky to play against!
Wow. Can't remember the parade starting with the musicals
It's still time for breakfast, so come on over for a Egg & Cheese Sandwich, and the best Cup of Joe in town for the best price
happy birthday Miranda! Love and adore you :*
Check out the 4 gutsy girls blogging in real time about their own QLCs @ stratejoy.com ! Its chock full of inspiration & hope! :)
Bring it!
Just nicely polished off some Broncha from Achadinha Cheese Co. So sad it's all gone! Major yum, get you some!
or others: I also need a MiniDVI-VGA adapter, but in Chicago at 7:30. Thanks!
Getting a massage today :) its my first
My phd advisor told me that comps would be the best year of my life. She was right. I would kill for another year to do nothing but read.
Been playing a lot of pendulum, dj fresh bad company keaton drumsound & basline smith What's on your DnB playlist?
This time change already sucks!
U should come to the hostile show in Philly on 6/14 ! :)
Well, every light in the house is on.
Why am I still at work ????
all good!
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD ! MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD ! MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD ! RT!
you always faking, fuck the bullshit!
Fabulous Design Tip: Re-upholster? If the frame is in great shape, re-upholster & re-stuff the cushions. It will feel & look brand new.
not many are deserving
#FF Follow the man behind talent development the best in the biz
Watching Step Up <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
oh well I thought Colorado was a red state move to a blue one or another country
I used to do Barrel Rolls, until I took an arrow to the knee...
august 22nd... the day of my birthday :(
anything! Just give it to him!
You coming to Sabra's GovGeek event tonight?
I h8 my day job!? I'm mos def a night person... I need a good night job!?
Okay,now what ?!?!
Why the Lakers keep losing?
No they are not,.. it is why God created Duct Tape,.. :-)
It's like Colorado is telling everyone to take a few days off. It's impossible to do anything but sleep in this weather
I guess standing around is frowned upon at work
Having a ceiling that leaks is no fun.
Halloween Horror Nights tonight with , , , and some others! We're going to tear the place up!
Salute The Troops Love Ya Big Bro
nah. broadcasters only want to share what they WANT to broadcast
Thanks for the MT!
Wow. He had enough of Ovechkin, or Semin, or what? Bye Dale, we hardly knew ye
Whitney Houston is a household name and her music will live on for generations to come
My parents left me home alone until Sunday :c
so I'm getting the feeling that I really need to make a trip to Hawaii.
Hey DMac, Give me a call when you can. BD
Learning a lot from at the UKTI social media training session. Thanks for the invite!
Go for someone who is not only proud to have you, but will also take every risk and chance just to be with you
welcome to last month
I don't even know what I did wrong...
That awkward moment when sluts hate on other sluts for being sluts. -- ComedyPosts.™ ()
Spring has sprung. Take a walk, smell a flower, and have some fun.
This dude is the white Lloyd
I just think it's hilarious. Get off your computer, nerds!
Surprised to find La Brea Bakery in US Airways terminal at LAX. Panini and digging into more Engine28.com
All my mother knows how to do is bitch
inbox me :)
Dallas for your big BDay!!! Sounds like a good time!
When FB keeps friend suggesting your ex's new girlfriend that he left you for, to you.
RT : The History of #Translation Infographic detailing #translation activity on Twitter over past 30 days:...
Gold Card week has begun! Come save on all the supplements you need to achieve those new years goals!
Im stuck with a white african a stuck up stinky black chick and a mexican dat,dont like blacks. Fucked,by,the green wheenie again
sweet Good luck bro
NFL security policy: pat down everyone above waist and below knees. You're free to bring weapons in as long as you tape them to your taint.
what is your favorite Asian dish?
is Chicago sold out yet? They aren't available on Chicago theater box office or I a ratard and had wrong time?
If ya'll know a Trisha Smith, tell her I'm tired of getting voicemails about her. Oh, tell her she's getting served with legal papers soon.
we are not hiring him! I dare you to hang up on him!!
May the fourth be with you!
that too... Damn you autocorrect. Have you been drinking?
check out 's sweet company profile on ! (and watch , , and me be classy on camera)
Judge has final say. He can decrease but not increase.
#raiders #nfl past few tweets absolutely true. Hopefully RM changes the Oakland atmosphere and brings a championship...or 2
Separate the wheat from the chafe.
“: I have so much respect for our United States Air Force.”
I wanna swim with a dolphin..
I spy you, ! Hope to catch up soon.
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying when we get gross dry cold chicken
I didn't say anyone deserved to die (or should). But cases where an innocent is killed tend to get more attention even in Baltimore
fridays are gonna have to be pool days when we get back lol
See a good tweet, retweet that bitch
Happy you're Living the good life, it is what you make it xoxo
RT : Thats why meet ups and tweet ups are fantastic. You put faces to the people with whom youve been chatting.
“: I've never had a new years kiss.” me neither <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Serena Williams advances with Lisicki injury
if you follow me then I can direct message you
Nice Kris ... I haven't been to Guangdong Province in a few years ... Hope you are well ... Jeris
I just signed up and got a spam-my looking email with a preset password. Maybe you got one too.
#epeen Mr fancy rig gotta represent.
dude u r the rapper of all time lightin the blizzunt enjoyin it thanks bro
pooh that IS it!!!
why not throw your job searchers onto our job board for Free at minorityjobs.net. Also have up to date info on interviewing etc
oh gawd. I just can't help it but laugh when people are that ridiculous! The. Hell???
haha omg right..
I just need a teacher willing to hold a brief interview regarding collaboration with me.
So hungry where r u
Whatever you do, stay away from the Easter Squirrel's peeps, unless you like them runny that is.
Modern Family or school? I'm going to have to go with Modern Family.
I would love to see a story on the future of tablet PCs. Cost Benefit Analysis and getting buy in from senior faculty to use tech
dope is gor dopes
#drupalcon is pointing out how user profiles are underused by the Drupal community.
I think it can look like naïveté for sure - and it goes further-absence of cynicism, resignation, resentment & bitterness - hi :)
- i am, who i am. no approval needed.
How about running in the wide open area???
LOL that's good too!
"Music is what feelings sound like."
Congrats Geek God for the fabulous EW cover and story. When Firefly gets resurrected, I will be the first to tune in!
When life knocks you down, try to lie on your back, because if you can look up, you can get up - Les Brown
if i knew i was gonna be up this late i woulda just continued to do hw instead of waste my time thinking
The Wizard of Oz. Watching it on TV now. One of my favorite Christmas memories & one of the best movies ever.
Make Monday GREAT! RT : Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
Hey, can you get rid of birds in a bathroom exhaust vent?
: I'm excited too! I've had ppl tell me they're afraid to take Chinese herbs due 2 fear of heavy metals & chemicals from China
Everyone says blame Nolan.... But I've been doing that for 8 years... That's my brother! :D
those are fighting words slore!
Fashion Show | Bikini Contest | Great Drink Specials | May 19th - LAST DAY FOR FINALS <<<< PARTY TIME!!!
Screen test for a sci-fi TV series pilot.... What a dream that would be, if I was to work on a sci-fi series, eh? AGH!!
David Guetta Pandora= the best
is awesome. TY for following
we support ya ...haha
If it was lion or tiger that would be ok anything else would just look silly. He probably wears socks with his flip flops 2.
I'm a cunt, and your a coke head
You're welcome! Make sure you go to facebook.com/GoodbyeCoastline & check them out! RT : Thanks For following me :)
The waiting game in terms of hearing from a company is like the silent game equivalent for a 6 year old "I Dont Wanna Play Anymore"
Lara! You look awesome!
naw u kno im never coming to that side!
so excited for the san diego concert and meet and greet at fashion valley. <3
we should talk #flipclass some time. Sounds like you do a lot of similar things I do. Will you be at #flipcon12 or #iste12?
It's 5:23 on Tuesday. What are you drinking right now?
Looking to help build up fathers here in Texas
?QOTD - If you were to write a book, what would be the title?
Oh wait, it's a man with a bullhorn
you're at work?
Thanks for the namedrop !!
you needed someone too!
I HATE getting on Twitter everyday, and not seeing not following me.:'( or that he's still following 119,??? people.
To avoid confusion Dave Hyde sent out tweet that Fins out of running for Manning and then corrected tweet saying they NOT out of running
I hate how I crush over the person I do. Mainly because they will never be mine, even if I stay positive & keep trying to make it.
i´m so glad to be back! home sweet home! hope you all had nice easterholidays!
maybe Jill will get down on all fours for Howard Stern again let him spank her for ratings for fox
best to be your own boss, right?
Thanks for a great lunch, Sarah: it was so delicious!
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we called the powerpuff girls if the town was under attack
BELOW THE BRIM is right now working on animation/storyboarding layout... stay tuned
or, if you had something you wanted to brew, the equipment is open. RE: Wednesday brew day.
NEVER BEEN A SIDE HOE , always been the main chick .
Don't forget, comedian and actor Kevin Pollak will be appearing at Comedy Club on March 8-10!
Finally made it to Denver I thought the Rocky Mountains would be a little more rockier than this John Denver is full of s
22 mins until the doors open 4 the final sessions! Can't wait 2 see what's in store...
your dawm right i dont wanna look at your mug for the rest of my life
yeah but how great will it be when we're old and gray and talking about analog and wearing mix match knits?
Job hunting, starting......now.
Truth holds out if you're disturb to the point of using a device emmitting energy causing nerve damage or headache..Ur way2damaged 2 matter
very very true
Nvm. Not replying.
MY HEART STOPPED WHEN I SAW THE CAR GOING AT QUINN!!! Sadd episode of Glee :'(
4:20am "take a bow, the night is over..." #Madonna. #4:20
Pacers must start making shots. Can't afford to die down offensively.
...Noises. This same psycho stalker is calling my phone bout an ex I haven't talked to in months. Niggas trynna make plans I just want sleep
When people can't put it together you're in cosmo....
The moment where you give your friend the ‘what the f-ck is this’ look during a test.
man, whatchu wanna do?
You're so cool.
Handling folks is probably the hardest difficulty you face, especially if you're in business.
The first step is where the road to success starts
Ah okay. I'll be down there Sunday. Text me and we'll meet up!
Awesome song.
Girls will be Girls...
Big Ang's laugh is hilarious
thank you! Thx for sending!
don't get me to trunk poppin
Come on in and get pierced!
Wow what a night! Thanks everyone for coming to the club tonight to celebrate Brian's Five Year Anniversary as the owner of Lotus Nightclub!
Music and sleep?or history papper?1ST CHOICE!#i'mbrilliant
thank god for political cartoon questions because i only think symbolically.
Karl Rove hearts #Romney. He's annoying. Get a room, Karl!
i feel good when my friends come to me for advice :')
Ops. Meant Smith.
I called his name lol
My phone gets no love
me too- madonna's music is timeless!!! X
Bring your goslings to work day?
Fresh #pesto on tap for dinner. Love the #garden in the summer.
And it seems like things are only getting better.
just finished reading about printing in early america...when you get down to it not much has changed in 200 years.
Mobile tech, yes--but "development" is more empowering international social change than Angry Birds. Barron=barren baron?
I just finished it. You need to get on that ASAP
boom. done. and I DM'd you my email - Thanks!
you haven't until you come to Richmond.
Only two days left to win tickets to see Mastodon and Opeth The Masquerade this Saturday, May 12th! Get your hinney on in here and sign up!
I hate when ppl are like hello? Or you there? When i dont txt them back. Like calm down .
RT : 4 weeks til #BHOF12! This week's topic: what 3 items are essential for surviving BHOF weekend? Tag response
Just took the best nap ever. Rallying for another night out to celebrate a friends birthday!
You should come by! RT : Today I could definitely go for something from since brags about how...
Let them have it Attorney Crump! Nobody believes a medical report a day after the fact.
: LOL...You must be a model citizen, because you've been more times in one year than I have in 5.
our friend Lisa Beane is producing a new documentary on child+sex trafficking. I would like to keep you informed please.
lol I know I be mia tryna make it feel ya me, gotta set up something soon
Who wants to hear another new track from our EP??
RT : We'll be gardening in new organic space on Montrose. Great opp for our youth 2 get their hands dirty.
Free red bull and coke on campus today
I was going to buy an extra GB of ram for this thing, but since I use such lightweight software, I never use more than 200 MB at a time!
Ha! Pic please of u modeling it? : A baggy old Pierre Deux sack dress works much better than stretchy pants.”
Will b glad to share it w/u. I have prob 40-50 just thru my own research, and really lookin4active coaches.
VERY cool video! Keep checking MyCSU this semester for more videos featuring club sport athletes! GO RAMS!
Wherever you travel, learn the customs and follow them. That is pretty damned simple. Don't apply your customs in other place.
never does that. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I don't know if Romney knows what it's like to be bullied, but I'm certain he'll know what it's like to get his butt kicked in Nov.
Yeah I was right #notfun night.
just throw out a date and I'll hook it up.
I can hardly stay in my skin...
I read the original RED as an anti-rape, pro-feminist violence message, given the wolf-as-rapist interpretations of Little Red Riding Hood.
Awesome! RT : I am a WP7 developer. About to publish my first app to the marketplace in the next day or so!
The earlier a child is exposed to advertising the more likely they are to be influenced by it.
please tell me about parkisons disease and what it Does to you and your body?
Join TONIGHT for our Happy Hour, Inc. Lounge @ The Time Hotel, 7-10 pm, for cocktails, raffle prizes and great company!
I am officially out of the baby sizes and into real man size! My ears are now stretched to 0g :)
the sink.
AMEN Alli! It's crazy, so many people are ending their lives because of people with no feelings.
I s it a conference call or some sort of webcast
Oh, you're tired of being overweight? I can't quite understand you with a donut in your mouth.”
In true Steve fashion, it's 7 hours before my flight and I've made the "F-it, this is as ready as I'm goings to get" statement.
don't feel like studying for tomorrow EOC test :( just want to sleep
1 edge I give to WashPost over NY Times is Post's op/ed columnists criticize each other by name. Times writers keep it veiled. Policy diff?
ironically it was a car hauler 18 wheeler offering the right side of I25. They've started to tow. I just drove by going N.
why do you look like a blow up doll in all yr pics?
RT : More true words have never been said: It's hard to do a really good job on anything you don't think about in the shower
I hate my life. I really do.
I think we need a Dairy Queen date night then!
yup! Where are you going today?
It's a shame national tv is getting Bordick instead of Palmer
So, who thinks the SAG-AFTRA merger will pass the membership vote? It'll be announced at 1pm PDT today!
THIRD time in a row my mom bought the shoes I wanted when they didn't have my size :l
I met Chingy once....*yawns*
hmm ok good luck with that then
clean bro
Oh my gosh..
I hope the Twitterverse is ready. RT : Today my creativity is Jacked & Juiced Up!
Starting a new tradition: #Thankstaking. It commemorates the neoAmerican settlers who fled unfair taxes to gentrify Boston.
It happened to me like 5 mins ago.... It hurts a lot!!! x(
My house always smells horrible... thanks too
who is going to watch the OSCARS? and what should win?
RT : Happy Cinco de Mayo! Guacamole and margaritas for everyone!
Occupy Chicago wins again! Bears listen to their demands to release Chris Harris - WBEZ (blog)
Who I am is what fulfills me and fulfills the vision I have of the world. – Audre Lorde
What you up to?
I got my errands out of the way before the rain hit. Yay!
anyone wanna txt?
congrats,Nancy!
Wah. Did the pity party start without me? What's wrong mister? You're great.
do you know what irony means? Shocking..
the administration won't at GLBTQ to the non-discrimination clause or allow a GSA on campus.
Everything's better with mustaches!
This is because we are all creatures of habit, worry, and obsession. We think a lot of useless thoughts!
Interested in seeing the Morris-Butler House at night? I'd like to invite you to a special From Dark Pages 10/1/09
New sandals, new straightener, new purses, new laptop charger. :-)
looking forward to it!!!
Great interview w/ on 's #NextChapter. May not agree w/ his politics but I do respect him as a politican
finished my math homework woot!
good deal, it's time to catch up!
belated congrats to jay-z and beyonce. welcome baby blue ivy! you're going to be one famous little girl...
Thanks for the follow! Let's connect. - Purp
>>>MLM News! Origami Owl( New Company Listing )
Just saying...RT : is an awesome leader for the crew
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>was Here! Always the originator never the imitator! #SylvieAtanasio the creator of AlysEdwards
thanks for reading!
RT amazing wifi at #DF11 a prerequisiteof internet era tech - quality is usually mediocre at conferences. Definitely unusual!
my night was SUCKiiiSHHH !
Bummer alert: I can't find my glasses. And no, they're not on my head.
Calling all Twitter followers, please go check out our huge contest on Facebook! It involves winning a private show for you and your friends
hey we both wanna save the world! most people just care about themselves :(
Chances are when said and done, who'll be the lucky ones, who make it all the way
Delivered a banana loaf & dessert tray w/ Phyllis' decadent red velvet brownies ordered by Luke Perry of B.H. 90210 for his friend in town.
wild sex i think
Awh mothers day is this week I wonder wht I'm gonna get my mom & I hope Justin releases that song tht Justin wrote 4 his mom!! :) <3
I volunteer
jajaja did u liked them?
Buddy the elf, what's your favorite color?
#dml2012 how do we access how/what we learn through making? The mighty question
Just went on a 2 hr escapade to deliver passports...#reasonswhyimthebest #yourewelcome ;)
A successful Free Comic Book Day for the fam - seven free comics and two not free books. Supported two local comic book shops too!
I am confident we will get to 68 wins this year. We are rebuilding at a Devil Rays pace.
new apt
Polo, hot air ballooning, patron, & great friends.Thank u for an awesome SMA in Palm Springs
So happy to be on twitter!! Have career as certified nurse practioner, diabetes educator, yoga/pilates, Zumba and Spin instructor.
i kno who to trust now.
I don't want that hoe, I want that bitchh.
if I had to pick one, it would be have to be the acoustic version of "Hotel California"
I'm so over the idea of homework
Big Cody - Happy Birthday!
Will, thanks for the kind shout :) Energetics is currently being edited, thanks for asking. Any new photos to share?
Work, work, work, all day long. Working in Ann Arbor, pretty cool place, I must say.
Yesterday they said their transmission went out, so I don't know if they are back on the road today.
You guys, 4 some reason Im starting to think this is actually a pretty nice city. Someone may need 2 give me an intervention when I get back
The Good Word of Volkswagen: Volkswagen Jetta Gls Sedan
How did pull off such a strong victory in a crowded field? Join me,Kenyan, and Askia Muhammed today at 6 on WPFW.
Thanks for the shout out!
Will need it again in 2 years RT : It's time for to hand over her Twitter handle.
Thanks you guys!
listening to Professor Young Eun Lee sharing her research on why people become loyal to
(I'll answer for Tia since she's barley on here :P) yea, not video though. it was a short call, but still! Pretty cool :D -izzy
if you call tell Harrison I sent you! He's great!
thats my old man! He's a champ.
DIRECTIONING: the act of stalking One Direction. :3
Happy 235th birthday
Its still nice and warm in September.
good now
: Love the idea of student ambassadors
- can you send us an email at so we can get you a fresh link? Thanks!
A perfect start to a truly great, great show. Anthony Bourdain's 9th Season has begun. TV just got a hell of a lot better.
Our relaunch this Friday! Man we have so much information we were preparing and not ready, but we guess it will be a peek launch...
Downtown NYC saturated with cops. Never seen anything like it. As a green card person I had to leave but it feels like a defeat
hi lady! See you soon! Congrats on today!
serious. She went to the hospital yesterday with chest pains and had a heart attack while being examined
Manny Pacquiao gives us Flips a bad name
Do you have a great story about volunteering with SMGW? We want to hear it! Email your story to Lindsay at
yes. twice. at least.
You will discover ways to open yourself to a greater flow of good at our Prosperity Plus Event. Vist...
They're spamming you too eh? So I wasn't the only one who got those messages today.
Fried icecreammmm!!!!!! Ah yum
you made another Facebook page? :-)
True love will never fade unless it was a lie.
I hope not....obviously.
Never measure the height of a mountain, until you have reached the top. Then you will see how low it was. -Dag Hammarskjold
/ was in LV this weekend...
it has to start in Atlanta so you can meet Mary.
how long before crawford gives up his "i'm feeling about myself for giving up a goal," goal?
Yes. London found. Sorry, been out of touch for awhile.
I'll RT it : "I really wanna kill a pig at the end of all this. Sacrifice it to the DH gods."
So here's my number... Call me maybe
What if god was one of us?
I need something to do today!
Anyone in Milwaukee know a company that does web cam / live feeds for businesses? We have a client that needs help.
playing God with women? GOP right-wing extremists. I WAS a donor; no more. $500k for a VP, $250k to PP? Priorities!
my teeth are still locked up under my braces :\ <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Do Ya Thing!
Hi Tito how r u??
fantastic! Our girls are at Border Star & we want KCMO to succeed :-)
They make Axe products for women now!? Why? And how the F does something smell like anarchy?? I just don't understand things like I used to.
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit." - Aristole
Damn I would pre-order Believe but I am not going to be home to recieve the package. I don't want to let it sit on my doorstep.
sure!!!! <3 take your time!
Congrats Blair! Best of luck on the venture.
true dat. happy new year!
~ unselfishness and contribution to community... SMH
Congrats to John and Ginaka who won tickets to Yetlanezi on NP's radio show. See ya tonight!
Do they have that much power?. I rarely hear people mention it not intending ridicule, unless they're marketers.
People focus on chasing pennies and lose dollars.
Thanks for the follow. Hope all is well :)
Fascinating concept. "In every way that matters, we are the sum of our memories." -- From Joshua Foer lecture listing.
Congrats to all who have been accepted to present at #mla13. Most msgs have gone out. Sorry all can't be accepted, but it is v competitive.
Be involved with someone who isn't open to go on the wild side & try new shit with me!
so i'm pretty okay with skipping my birthday and just fast-forwarding to deathly hallows part two.
Single, doesn't mean that u know nothing about love. Sometimes it means that u haven't found someone who deserves you B-).
#ROCHESTER #NEWYORK Bitch
It is just my life style... xx
see you tomorrow!!!
yes..time sometimes reveals sounds you didnt hear at first..that you really like
new york
what lifw without a little risk?
Have a great time! Miss you! RT : My trip begins!! (@ Washington Dulles International Airport (IAD) w/ 55 others)
I will have some awesome scenery through flagstaff, AZ tomorrow on the way to Vegas! You be driving this road soon right?
not when it's short course. ;-)
Today was fun until I took that test.. A bad way to end my year.
hahah yea i hate people
My daughter just said, "Yes, I just popped a zit, and it's a bleeder too." This is my life.
Actually the AG application process is started automatically now in almost all child support cases. Cases are opened by machine
Heh, my wife would love to exit the workforce. I wish I made enough to support it.
A&A rox! It is like my favorite time of day at school! Lol haha!
This is the first #storystarter I've seen in a while. Welcome back =)>
A tendency to drastically underestimate the frequency of coincidence is a prime characteristic of innumerates, who generally accord great..
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it.
Your very welcome!
Wait, I'm on your side with this one! I'm saying Obamas call to tax capital gains at 30% would hardly change things.
Thanks for the follow! Ck out the #iaintnoquitter!! K.i.t.
I'm liking the show interesting info on
Thank you God bless you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
food is the biggest turn on.
Smokin a very special bowl for you
changed my my rington to baby xD
I'm jk hahah I wish!
lets for real go to that kirko bangz concert this week! :)
o.OMG. I know someone who lost much of a life's work switching 2 new computer b/c Nota Bene kept her files somewhere dumb.
Heard of Robert's Rules of Order? He became Chief of Engineers April 30, 1901. Check him out on our Facebook timeline!
A Schwan's man knocked on my door to give me free ice cream sandwiches. If you live in #portland give him a call 503.435.7212 to order!
going back to my hometown for a few hours is a nice reminder for why the hell I got out of there in the first place
Did Isaiah hold the fire extinguisher that Amare punched and broke his hand with? Man, ..the Knicks. So dumb.
OMG, so nice your twitcon! Lmfao, H.A. (Hot aunty) Remember?
Who's preserving the Daily Show, by the way?
Every time i try to leave something keeps pulling me back
Concerts on the Square!!!
if it is on Friday I am literally going to cry
jealous! Are you getting the mobile app? Let us know if it's worth the $$$
Lmao, oi, i'm much more stylish than that :P x
fewer bands but all heavy music. It's pretty sick
Get healthy coffee, tea and chocolate with the proven cancer stopping Ganoderma at www.drblackston.organoderma.com
Its available in all book stores
Up Early straight husslin......
Dear GRE, could I swap my Verbal Reasoning Score and Quantitative Reasoning score, pretty please. As an early Christmas present maybe?
JOBs are to be viewed as temporary inconveniences - Jerry 'DRhino' Clark
Quiet car.
Everything closes soo early here
Apparently the greatest weapon of the oligarchy is boredom; I sympathize with anyone who finds the whole horse race tedious and meaningless.
just being really lazy layin here. Surprised I'm even up considering I rarely wake up at 7am :))
G'night world
DNT BELIEVE EVERYBODY DAT SAY I LOVE YOU..YU KN TELL WHO MEAN IT BY DER ACTIONS
lmfaooo your a retard
LACES IN, GIANTS WIN, LACES OUT RAVENS POUT
Sounds cool!
The closest I've gotten to the White House was the back gate where everyone takes pictures! I'm totally jealous!
Just got sisters prom dress. <3
Go Packers! That was amazing!!
This is a variation from a previous shot but it can be so powerful it deserves more practice. Shoot multiple pics of someone approaching.
Double OT!!
Hasn't been a good season for CS luminaries, huh?
I appreciate that support, buddy!!!
we have a loveseat and a whole lotta unclaimed floor for sxsw! we're on the bus line a few minutes from downtown. tacos nearby
LET'S GO!!! Franchise Mode in Chi City!
LMBO. Go from pretty to money guess so...
We have now won our fifth straight Texas Pick 3 game by playing 20 Lotto Sorcerer and 20 Lottery Circle picks every game. Costly but works.
Any arty folks out there interested in designing a cover for a 7"?
Ladies, you just missed lip-synching to Aerosmith. And Creed! And me without an iPhone.
I'm a little leary about following the Milwaukee Police on Twitter. idk. Is it just me?
Land Grant Ideas: : communicate benefits via "grand bargaining"; : change to "grand partnerships"
if they miss over 50% I think it maybe American arms.
Telling stories none of your old friends relate to..
When is happy hour at the S. Philly Cantina?
Glad you could make it!
The #Patriots sign WR Anthonony Gonzalez and DETrevor Scott
RT : Read a good novel lately? Give it a LIKE on Amazon, or better yet, leave a review. The author will love you for it!
Malcolm in the middle is perf, that's all I have to say
that's crazy. were you raised speaking them? or did you learn on your own?
Need your storm drain jetted before Irene fills it? Give us a call 919-325-0180
So much muddy fun Hawaii yesterday!
Wed grammar to content: simple things should be said simply, and complex things should be said with complexity.
hey guys i found out justin biebers real # here it is...... 941-306-9708 and RT to
Drinks at the choke!
Did you notice my new icon? What do you think?
that is an apt description - still very surreal at this point. Foggy. Glad to have friends who understand!
word. Hoping for a feb date!
Test was alright i guess
RT : Is there an NBA record for alley-oops in a game?
I quit one of them and am now seeking a new 2nd one. I'm at gay bingo now. Wish you were closer so you could come w/me :-)
Bought a gigantic bubbles wand: O
girl yes
I'm not involved, but I wish the best. People have been hustling to get alternative back on the radio. You deserve it. xoxo
been a minute bro. How is everything fam.
RT : RT : "Every company has a social media strategy, whether they know it or not" Douglas Rushkoff...
Thanks for recommending us!!
Steve says you're new and followers would be nice. Here's one for you. Love Anacortes area as a boater. cheers
I need to make Directioner friends on twitter.
Leah had to live with knowing she was not the chosen one. Read her story at www.lindaswift.net: HUMANLY SPEAKING, New Releases Page
Paper thin walls in a hotel room do not make for a good night's sleep. Especially when the room next door is full of screaming children.
Hey --> I’m the old Cascade Patch lady. Let’s connect.
lmaooo i sure do!
it's hard il DM u
Becareful what you say… a girl remembers everything.
can't wait till next weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's amazing how quickly I sometimes go from content to cranky.
thanks for the well wishes :) we had a great show; always a really appreciative, hip crowd at Kuumbwa! Hoping all is well with u
I don't want to jump to conclusions.
Just got my hair did
I yanked it dog
Can't wait to get off work so I can head to the GYM!!!
Does anyone have google wave? I would love an invite.
guess that's why I was afraid to ask... ;( let's just call it fur-ish
why do I do what I do?: picking most difficult seminars and writing about most difficult texts/theory edition
How's everyone doing? We are shooting some sketches for tomorrow! Be sure to keep an eye out for them
you just made my day..! fucking love you sandra! <3
Try and love three new things everyday. Today I love pepto bismo for starters
Dear If by some miracle you get this tweet, send up a flare
No... i can just run faster than the average turtle
Rehearsal was AMAZING!!! Wow. So thankful. <3 Ready to enjoy my Sunday! :)
Y'all ever watch Money from Strangers? Lmaoooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Looking for reasons to use Google Docs & related Google services over similar Microsoft applications. Pls share your experience with either!
What were you doing on Sept 11? us. We're making a book and all proceeds will go to charity.
Went to casting call today. Would of nailed it, but chose to pass. Contract is not easily understood.
goodnight y'all
O Immaculata Patroness of the United States defend us from our enemies! Mary Mother of Mercy implore the Mercy of your son for us!
convince your parents! That's what we did right after playlist live.
Happy Birthday, Abraham Lincoln!
Good morning ! Have a blessed sunday everyone!
My nigga I'm faded..faded..faded
it's one of our staffer's last day & we're at the passenger, she'd love to see you one last time before she moves
Do I need to say it? Damage on bridge repaired.
I feel like I should have a baby so I can fit in with the rest of my town. #rickieweeks?
A few days ago our friend Shaunessy donated $25! He's quite the Chum Buddy!
go to envy!
He still don't get it smh
Don't forget to support Middleton Outreach Ministry by participating in the food drive at Middleton Culvers
In your opinion, which song is the best in on Immortals?
thats a huge winery with blah wines
if you had any brains the people of Harlem are losing their apartments what are you going to do
"Elementary particles are particles with no measurable internal structure; they are not composed of other particles." Does anyone know them?
Last chance tomorrow: start your morning off right by stopping at the for a 12oz drip + biscotti for only $1.00. Between 7-8am!!!
SAY NO MOE!!
What happens when an alderman allegedly sells drugs to an informant working with sheriff's deputies? Find out -- tonight on 12 News at Ten.
Aw thanks mang! I never get any FFs. How am I supposed to get Twitter famous?!
OMG!! That beautiful!...<U+2665><U+2665>
Once a belieber, always a belieber Happy Birthday Kidrauhl
Add the oil as soon as it stops boiling after you take it off the heat.I hope this helps--Let me know
awwh i miss Carl too
will be on friday from 5-8pm signing autographs for FANS!!!
My first day at Nordstrom. I am pretty excited/nervous....
Good for you! (re walking 10 miles yesterday)
In JAWS: According to writer Carl Gottlieb, the line "You're gonna need a bigger boat" was not scripted but improvised by Roy Scheider.
u suck u man whore
what happened sweetie? Damn i wasnt online last night,hope you feeling better,just DM when you needa talk. *hugs* <U+2665>
RT : Congrats to the Women of the Year Finalists - such inspiring women who motivate the rest of us!...
Check out this article about the #HereWePurple deals and discounts: bizj.us/b2anp You can also find them all on the Qponomics App!!!
"I'm super! Thanks for asking!" - the moon last night.
Packers rule. End of story.
loved the blog post on not taking a bad deal. that is a hard lesson to learn when you are a start up. I've done it b/c of $$
you the man ! Let's go Chicago!!
It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, and the eyes will take care of themselves.
Lost it at Astronaut Candidate.
at work wishing i was at home...
3-outs. Better than Marmol.RT : Before you get too excited, Dolis' inning: Hard hit ball, easy grounder, HBP, hard hit ball.
I have to do that sometimes. Negativity and pushing towards excellence do not work together!
Palfrey at HLS: it's us or the marketplace.
this #VictoriaSecretFashionShow is ridiculous #######
Txt me and let me know what's going on... I hope she's ok! I'm praying for her<3
your cute(: haha and you look like Niall! Lol
Didn't see a deadline for applying. Trying to get my app in my the end of the day. Am I too late? :/
Thinks that 's baby bump is soo adorable!
If your girl don't like a bitch then don't mess with that bitch, if your man don't like a niggah don't mess with that niggah
lucky feels like all chance, blessed has religious tones. need something that is a little different :)
Fantastic! If I had those clothes, that is all I would wear always- which is pretty much what Frederick did in his last days.
It's just one thing after another with you. You're really starting to bother me. Get over yourself.
If these damn kids aint come I wulda been smokin a blunt with #oomf.. ruined my day already
Isn't 8 the best season of Scrubs? It's the only one I thought of when I heard the part about when sitcoms usually peak.
Given my druthers, I would also be in Ireland. :) Enjoy!
Not drugs; ew. Not s**; that's just wrong and um, no. Not alcohol; I need my parents for that stuff, lol.
I have a friends coming to Boston from Australia what is on from 10/8/10 till 10/23/10 need suggestions
We hear is giving away a signed copy of Every Day a Friday today!
Dear brain, stop trying to do 367788 things at once and slow down before you explode sincerely me
y ?we live in Texas and we mostly hear country music and u still aren't used to it!:0
RT announces codeforamerica.org, seeking coders/designers to build open source apps/sites for US cities
One more work day till
#IndirectTweet Okay man it's 4 in the morning tone it down a little
In a good way I hope :)
And then come see a show at #Stage773 ! We'd love to have you!
the anticipation is killing me! Can't wait for the new album guys.
Never thought I'd say this, but my shoulder is sore from playing Badminton. What?
Will U dip ur beard in soup 4 me?
I GOT IT TO PLAY ON MY PHONE AND COMPUTER AT THE SAME TIME OH GOD IM DYING
In Pittsburgh spending time with fam! Thank you Uncle Carl
Mama Wurm is in town!
Torts had the boys fired up tonight!
Come in and mention twitter and get 15% off of any lotion bottle today only...Hurry In!!! (cant be combined with any other promos!)
Getting to write an essay about Jon Stewart and for part one of my take-home final is actually making this a bit enjoyable.
I'm at the point in my music listening career where I'll throw every song I listen to in ableton and decrease the tempo/pitch
who are you again?
Why can I find a flight on Expedia, but not your website?
Good morning who's ready to hustle today?
Will There Be A Significant Impact On Our Environment Caused By ...
And girls dressed like sluts deserve to get raped? RT "His hoodie killed Trayvon Martin as surely as George Zimmerman."
Last night was.... (unspeakable)
The weekend is almost here. Our hibachis will be en fuego!
i still cant believe you went to jersey!!! so jelous!! :)
Hard to believe I joined the Marine Corp almost 25 years ago!
So far, great turnout at the tailgate for the Mountain Lion game. Let's see how it translates in the stadium...but so far, so good.
show was amazing tonight!!!! I loved it
At the denist office waiting for my lil bro. They have xbox 360 and direct tv! :-D
A lot of people I went to high school with are getting married or having kids or already have kids and I have no desire for any of that lol
maybe, maybe not? ahaha, yes i do :)
Before and after party for IgniteATL is at the Georgia Aquarium...doors and bar open promptly at 6:30!
Hi thanks for the follow! I tweet for too!
Our Middle School Rally/Showcase is about to start. Looks like a full house!
love you as Hodor! heading to Dublin today. What's your favorite place in the city?
I have the memory of a chicken. June?
Oh, your cool. Cussing all up on here. #SMH ;D
! is something close to 30 lbs!
Tonight, we're blaring Beck's "Get Real Paid" in the studio, not for any specific reason.
Nearly 50 percent of population under the age of 25.
Got 500 dollar ALAG scholarship and Mock Trial plus Senior recognition!! The ALAG banquet was amazing!! I'm really gonna miss all you guys.
i want a smoothies now
-____- I'm so sick I can't even swallow without hurting ..
RT This Syrah has thicker legs than Rosie O'Donnell in a League of Their Own.
I was not, but I just posted about it on Facebook of that counts for anything. #GoAvsGo!
Diaper creme, pillow, hash tag...all set!
i just love my converses. i want to own every color now and wear them everyday.
- Please help us spread the word about the #FreshCoastClassic #scholarship application deadline extended to Fri. Nov. 5th
actually its cittenscorner
hahaha don't do either. Just saying. That don't define a person.
When Life yells, "STAY DOWN!", Hope whispers, "Go on. Give it another try."
We just got Brand New Bedding for all of our rooms! Visit us on Facebook for pictures!
She doesn't see me. And I don't care, Just move around some and Fix your stare.
damn .. Really?
Are hearing anything re: that the Jags considered a trade for Tebow, but compensation language got their way also?
Marquette better get their shit together
#DuraCloud lets you know where the cloud storage location is for your data -- not concealed. Excellent!
watched the trailer....looks cool and awesome. Short.. but cool and awesome
So I've decided on a car... in 2012 I shall buy a Lexus IS in BLACK!
Man....iam sicker then a dog yet made a good dinner..
Big Deal: My, How You x2019;ve Grown! Developers have been scrambling to super-size apartments to meet the demand of the highest stratum
El Tigre...after a playoff RT : Who do ya'll think gets the jacket in the end of this unbelievable Masters?
great to see you Duane - albeit briefly! Thanks for being at our film noir panel at Club TCM!
I'm not crazy! You're crazy!
Stay hydrated with a Route 44 (44 oz.) Cherry Limeade from Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. West off Exit 18 off 695
I want my tongue pierced.
use your boobs and use men :)
Let power drive your profession.
Heck yeah!! #uwmgrad ": LAST day of classes! #finishstrong #hardworkpaysoff"
Happy Mothers Day to all you lovely ladies. You're all my favorite MILFs!
Ubaldo needs to work on his pitch count. He throws way to many pitches, and our bullpen always has a lot of work.
My girl is having the best day ever:) so glad to be a part of it!!!!
I'll leave it at that. Goodnight twitter.
Lick a lollipop like it likes to be licked Dori.... Bo yea Monday NIGHTS
An older sister at that
Thank you for the #ff :)
": Hurry up with my car parking guy! Lol." Tell him no smashin,them valetes b doggn ppl cars
Hey how ur day going so far? hope all is well.
i dnt wanna have to deal with them on here too !
im way too nice to people
Hallo Alexander! Danke for the follow. Any tasty BBQ in Germany? We have amazing sauce!
ok thanks for the heads up looks like wc still the best
I been a boss in my own rite fuck wat u say cunt
Yes sir jus' sign here;)
Shout out to double R doing his Thanh tonite
If you are a drummer (or a music lover) you need to go watch the Foo Fighters Documentary on HULU - NOW!!! It's entertaining and inspiring.
Resume writing and job hunting is really a full-time job if you are unemployed doing work 5 hrs a day is required.
Senior Dis-O is officially in full swing! #Classof2012 is racing to break records in giving to the senior class gift #HoyaSaxa!
Is that a Big Green Egg? Nice.
You are correct. On both counts.
Im at last meeting - Award Ceremony
Daddy Long Legs, Daddy Nose Best, Optimizer, Alpha, I'll Have Another, Sabercat, Rousing Sermon, Creative Cause, Prospective, Done Talking.
Good you?
Woot! MT : Tonight: Red Room open w/ $5 specials on drafts & select cocktails & a soundtrack of goth/punk/new wave by DJ Joshua
Oh really, tell me more about the obvious.
kick off at 8 but already got the ustream feed on
I am meeting Sound by Design tomorrow at 1030am so they can start to set up for
Already a shitty start to my morning.
Just ignore her, love!<3
When is the next tour. I'm strangely addicted
That's wassup
I don't know where to go with that. Things white people like? Things with poisonous stingers? It could be either....
Oh. Are you in France?
Happy Sunday, Tweeps!
Holy moley, it's Thursday night and I can actually take part in
This was a good day.
Dang. There sure isn't anything like waking up to the sound of rain!
That is true with anyone. That is what makes this article, at best, pointless. More cynically, its an attack on Liberalism itself
I get to choose the show before bed? Dog the Bounty Hunter - DONE.
I just created a drink called, "Looking at her lips, wondering what my dick would look like between them" its straight Tequila!
happy cooking! Let me know your favorite
Jazz flute does.
FINAL SCORE: Kentucky 69, Louisville 61. Ohio State-Kansas NEXT
Defense arguing that government should turn over all of Mohamud's statements
Same cutE
good my frend ashley will slap dat pissy mood outta of u now good by an dont dm agan
Some ppl say they want #REAL...But cnt take it or face it...
Finally got to the mailbox for the first time this week and found beautiful handcrafted soaps! What a treat !!!
I WISH I WAS YOU LIKE SERIOUSLY!!! :(
What are you thinking right about now?!?!
Hope your show takes the place of Leno someday
had an IP-related question if you have a minute; will DM phone #
#SomeoneIWantToMeet .. who else?(: <3 I freaking love him.<3
Drove past where I first voted... For Clinton. #wow-I'm-old
Always remember 9/11/01. God Bless America. Where were you on that tragic day?
you're hotter and i wanna know WHY AGH
Can i get a follow back beauty( :
Am presenting "Versioning Your REST API" during tonight's UnCon at 7:30. You should come!
o Noo not you too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Him and Ivan Johnson would make a frightening squad.
Only know three people here.
Just got back! But I think I left my brain there.
Head to head: Honda Civic v Subaru Impreza
rub it in.
Looking for my next opportunity in sales, focused on healthcare IT, SaaS, virtualization, and/or security!
i miss the old 90s shows -__-
watched PACK in Glory Days' I'm a native Cheesehead. Thanks 4 the follow. go Pack Go!
I'm the coolest guy at the Gungor concert because of my shirt.
cause everybody pissing me off w/ it
#OKC Playing Heritage High Boys Team
Hey John, It's Scott, one-time radio news guy in Astoria, Long Beach. How are mornings treating you at K103 lately?
I like it!
That moment when you realize you just put shampoo all over your body… >_<
It's 50 degrees out this morning - perfect for a nice long run or ride. Anyone made it out yet this morning?
what a blessing :) Xoxo
hence, perhaps a network visualization of some kind? Otherwise, agree with what others have suggested +
Grow up
You can begin feeling whatever you want (even if it’s not there). The universe will correspond to the nature of your song.
Looking for a doctor nearing retirement who is struggling to adopt EHR and PQRS. Know anyone? Message me!
your friend should have hired me. I get the job done in less than a day. #memeswag lol
In the Line of Fire's last line: "I know things about pigeons, Lilly." MOST random final words in movie history or just one of?
Does a non-darkening vanilla help you sell more soap or do customers like the dark bar?
merc, mon ami! (took a weekend internet break!)
I wanna play just dance 2
working four shifts in a row. i actually thought i would before there was a call out.
Looks like its going to be a great Friday in NYC. Come join us for lunch and some mojitos! Enjoy Folks!
RT : Upcoming Big Shots 2012 Southeast Region Events Mar. 24-25 Big Shots Gulf Coast Tip-Off (Ft. Myers, FL)
oh yeah she didn't Lool :p
they r awesome plans for my future
Tomorrow at 1pm, we will be giving out more Free Tickets and Tees...
North Africa and sub-Saharan Africa may as well be on different planets in terms of race - not all who live in Africa are Black.
i love your tweets keep them coming.
Best wishes tomorrow taking on the ATX Danskin Tri! You will rock it!
cool, thanks!
Ryan Reynolds is hot<U+2764>
Just started a Run. 70 °F, 6mph N, 22%
Agreed! RT : it will be fab for everyone, I'm predicting.
Love how fans are dominating on the sound effects!! CRUZ
If a Packer related story comes from a gossip site, I have no issue with the beat reporters retweeting. Fans can investigate
send me your info
Dominos is still nasty
Any good April fools jokers out there?
Lol that's how gov was today and how macro will be Thursday. Lol
Come see our Ministry on facebook/Kenneth Rector see what we have to say, and see all our wonderful products we sell..have a great weekend
Imagine being so screwed up that you honestly believe that God would make people sick for loving one another.
Did anyone get Friday the 13th tattoos today? We wanna see em!
Lol they ripped up the road and took out all the trees :(
A5) One key, I think, is to introduce them to other #gifted folks of various ages, alive & historical
I just requested you on Skype.
Hey man
you're in luck. you're in charge of Saturday's hangout.
Marry me?
Word to the wise, learn from your mistakes so you won't make them again.
Can't wait for One Under tonight!!!! Come out!!!!
I know! its fucking perf. OMG, WE SHOULD MEET EACHOTHER AT THE CONCERT!
its time bitches :]
It never fails, I always cry on my birthday.
Happy mothers day from a mama's boy ....all good Italian men are mama's boys
it is't nasty, i'll make sure its someone i dont like and it does! ;)
RT : iQ now syncs with user's Facebook & Twitter accounts auto locating & recommending those connections on the iQ platform
you got it bro! I'm gonna crash out, bout 3am here... I'll hit you up later on in the day after we ship and get u the ETA!
honestly just fuck this. i want food. totally craving chocolate milk and homemade chocolate chip cookies right now.
I don't, but I can find out. Will let you know!
Not hard to figure out from your picture.
Do NOT forget a Thank You card/email after the interview, this could make or break you getting moved forward to next step.
Hey everyone; we've got a new website that has gone live today. Enjoy! Also, thank you for the well wishes... it won't be long
Waiting for this weekend.drinks,party and shhh can't say lol
Why Space? Meeting challenges out there can give us new insight into meeting challenges on Earth...
You’re the best! :) RT: sunbelt granola bars are the best
wow that sucks i think u should've gotten it, it would also go wit ur cute face
Thanks for the follow!
Literal & metaphorical relegation & madding traffic indeed. It's all good;enjoy brakeless time w/ wee ones whilst they're wee:-)
well it 2-3 years ago but yeah I did. Crazy
no one has said this sentence ever #livelarge RT : a bird tried to have relations with me the first & last time I "played" it
Oh so many dandilions...it looks like its snowing in my yard! I think we need a yard & weed intervention!
": I feel like I just did a kilo of coke!"
Looks like Facebook changed their UI on iOS devices...seems to be quicker and basic. I think I appreciate it more...just kidding. Lol
#GrandpaFred Doctor, this urinal tubing is, shall we say, giving it to me. What did she say?
I was just messing with you. Is your calendar filling up for this year?
Why join the navy if you can be a pirate? Steve Jobs
Will the friendly on Wednesday be televised?
I hate bad movie endings
remind me not to fuck with you.
Thanks aha.
Did you catch some rays earlier at the beach?
#rejectedpromthemes Strange Clouds
Holy crap! 2 episodes in the can in one 11 hour day of filming. Now that's some hard work.
.. to defend you. is that fine to help a stranger?
That last one was for you ;) Ted Turner is back!
you don't take me out ever! Patty makes me food.
you for the RTs
Got in my Vote for today! Can't wait to do it again in June!
What is the temperature looking like in your part of the world?
you know we take care of our own!
totally ready for this week to be over with.
You cant insult me if i don't value your opinion......
Get at me ASAP! I'll be at Zodiac tonight @ 7 for the mixer. Y'all come thru. We need to chop it up.
It's half-priced bottle wine night tonight! Come and try something new or one of your favorites.
“: you already know how the #socialchick multitasks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” accurate;)
my brain isn't working right today.... SXSW def kicked my ass.
"Have you ever been mellow? Have you ever tried...?" what word replaced "mellow"? ... and I'm sorry if that song won't leave your head.
I think your financial products are bad. Consider this is a complaint.
You just can't help some people no matter how hard you try.
Really spurs really?!?!
Ropa Vieja, Asado Negro & Mezcal Apple . . . Just 1 of the many combos you can create for your 3 course New Year's Eve dinner at Charro!
you are one of the best and i love you with all my heart for being who you are as a beautiful person !
Audition tip: Always ask a Casting Director your questions. It's YOUR audition! Own it!
that's what I need stat. Coffee. I should get up and make it. I am also firing my house boy.
NKE looks weak, playing it again tomorrow. POT might have a nice little uptrend. BAC nice dip in the morning.
This just became a three generation house
Hay lex can u unblock me please???!!!
it is and it will always be Corazon Sin Cara by prince royce.,,,,,,,,,,, love ya' :P
Wanna catch the show on your computer? Of course you do! Go to #ustreamdotcom to watch Troy broadcast his show LIVE.
: aight ill let u kno Kay
Just a base hit Gomez
any ideas on drawing traffic to our site? whats your thoughts?
Bad weekend.
: you making an appearance?
Ha! That guy's a little Italy staple. He lives in the yellow house next to Caffe Italia. He's hella old school Italian.
FYI - There are 238 days remaining in the year.
RT : some great comments, and from non library types too -> Should Libraries Get Out of the eBook Business?...
We are so glad you are spending your weekend with us!!
demo'd #ExpressionEngine #CMS for a client that's on #Blackbaud CMS this afternoon, they admitted to having CMS envy :)
I almost bumped into some guy at the gym, I say "sorry". He says "you're fine" and pinches my ass...
Where did you all eat?
You too!
Let's go Bears D UP!!!!
Oh so Kellin Quinn has a baby on way? What riveting news.
I better be getting an Xbox achievement once May 15th arrives lmao
you guys need another room mate? im thinking about going west.
has your reflection on students' cultural contexts affected your program's goals/outcomes? I'm working on that now ...
Just booked my last Redfish trip of 2011. Staying at The Dunes condos in Port Aransas & going out with redfish guide Gary Cooper. Stoked!!!
Dear Examiner--yeah, all your attacks against my wife for years really makes me think you're playing an even game here. Stop your whining.
always there when I need my brother from another mother
My mama turnt up today lol
If you call me and I don't know your number im not gonna answer
no its not but #lightning resembled #ahl #norfolk last night
Okay Prince James fans, can u now understand he isnt a role model like said. please educate the world on him & his mom
Surprise, surprise... True Grit is amazingly funny. Oh, you wiley Coen Bros.
wow how much of the arts are you in??? Like my mom sai to me when I was younger," son you got gifts.
Subpoenaed to appear in court on a case I worked on over 5 years ago.... WTF!!!
Nap time before the gym :)
#BestMemoryof2011 When I met Greyson Chance...
the #nfl draft being tonight which a lot of people i'm sure are looking forward to...means that #nhl draft is drawing near!
"Supremes Appear To Favor Arizona Immigration Crackdown" #huffpost They'd deport Justice Sotomayor if they could!
I KNOW I WAS AWESOME.
practice makes permenant
Oh finals...we will never have a good relationship
Competing for first place tonight because "That's How We Roll"!
the sens are down by 1 going into the 2nd. Good thing or bad thing?
Come to Beginner Yoga tonight with Laura, 6pm. All levels welcome!
The weather this weekend in KC was incredibly unremarkable. Springlike. Clouds and sun. Some extra wind at times, typical of the season.
that is just nuts. I'm frightened.
RT : Drinking copious amounts of iced Fez (No. 39) at
THE WORST FEELING IN THE WORLD is not knowing what to say when your words mean the most....
Feeling's mutual! U go girl!
One of the backstage shots of my band and I performing at The Band Perry concert. What do you think?
For the record: I HAD NORFOLK STATE!!! (on my bracket playing Mizzou today).
Tried that once, but just got old fruit thrown at me. Maybe that was part of the *art*?
RT : Just finished writing my screen treatment for new film project: "Harry Potter and the Flaming Jet Dryer."
#WeWontWorkOut if you get more likes on your pictures then I do.
kill-a-joy lol
Happy Birthday Harry<3
I'm going home today. Yeah Buddy!!!!!!!!! Gonna have some fun with my Go-Go heads.
honestly oscar i love boxing but the big fights arw not there like they used to be when u was fighting one one left but
"Give me you coupon<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090>".. phones truly do need breathalizers. I apparently think you're a coupon queen<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
I'm the real deal while these other cats fronting
Not determined yet. Safest bet will be to register as soon as possible once registration opens.
When it comes to wedding dresses, do you want to stay traditional and feel like a princess or go modern and try something daring?
Drinking beer at the elysian wondering where my meeting is...
Psyched to be heading to #WomenWhoWrite to hang with & two of my favorite tweeps.
What stylus are you recommending right now for iPad? Thanks!
Best time to get an oil change is Monday morning! No one was there!
You're preaching to the choir, girlfriend :)
He lived in my home town Port Washington, NY! His house is a National Historic Landmark too
How do you stay up to date on CRM news, ? Have a favorite industry magazine or resource?
the new whale and robot pages look nice
thanks. I said i had put in an application. I might do one for family dollar too.
Come in for good food & leave in a good mood!
Students using edmodo for presentations and current event presentations. Life is getting easy
Thanks for this It reminded me to follow #redrocks for concert info.
Brad thanks for following me!
oh no, there's a blonde lady dressed as michael jackson outside the courtroom!
hey yes please! Back in Miami on 21st, possibly that week works for you both?
where do you come up with this stuff. If you disagree with me is one thing. For you to say something outrageous makes no sense.
Heck yes. Us too!
don't talk about me I'm a sweet heart so I have sensitive moments lol
Just saw my hometown on House Hunters International. (they were moving away)
W/o the ladies there'd be no kiddos!
Thanks for the retweet Steven :)
The Emergency Alert System keeps popping up. I hate tornados!
I think so, alas.
Next snow to impact WI Sun PM and Mon AM. Watching a potential major winter storm to impact much of East. US Tues-Thurs of next week,
#Browns reportedly to receive the Jayme Mitchell consolation prize...
Today is where we will see if Tiger will contend, first 5 holes will tell all, say hey to my buddy Andy please!!
.have fun getting fat. LOL JK, good luck trying to find something on tv. (Tv sucks, all my entertainment comes from youtube)
gimme a break! Jeez! :)
First day of class jitters for Maymester term, but the all important debate commences today: Finley v. Rostovtzeff!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer19
Kiddy pool fashionista.
Welcome our two newest clients: A Luxury Watch Brand and A Green Boys Clothing Line!! How can we create Business Prosperity for YOU!?! We a…
9 Digital Ways to Become a Social Good Hero in 2012
ha! using that next time.
congrats uncle vinny!
who did she fight
#Nuggets did some work! Manimal is takin no prisoners!
yup! A lot of insecure and dishonest personalities here.
Thanks for the #ff. :)
I cut my hair, but I want long long hair. Why do I do that >.< lol, braiding it forever 24/7
So did you hit the tree the bay or the bridge?
Thanks for the RT! Whether it's sunny & warm or rainy & cold, the La Jolla coastline always has something beautiful to offer.
The wind right now is fucking crazy
Lol, I'm going, it's just I didn't get VIP. I'm in section 115, row 3 :) We can still meet up! :)
Hope to see you at The Speakeasy this Friday. Playing as a 3 piece band for one night only. It's a one night band. Can't wait!!!
me too.
can u add GNews App?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Looks like I have to fix a leaky toilet b4 bed.
Brittanys car wouldnt start today..we had to wait for 2 hours in the cold. Thanks for the april fools joke God!
Also, it's facebook layout complaint day! DO let us know what you think!
I dislike being on hold..
Where's at?
now that bobby went there. I'm sexy and know it - wiggle wiggle wiggle.
Body is not liking my 3 1/2mi run and 5mi bike ride I decided to do at the gym yesterday!
you can do it!
They hold a lot of events in Great Hall, but when nothing's going on, it's filled with a bunch of large oak benches.
King Crimson, Queen, Daft Punk, and Sebastian
Peyton Manning's not coming to Denver...its fun to play with...but seriously...he's not coming here.
happy hump day ladies!
Shout out to my new followers follow to get a major follow back from 50+ followers
Esperanza Spalding Grammy Winner
is it cool if we come by Tha station tonite... Need to holla at chu on some $$$$ type convo
You have no idea how bad I needed your inspiration today. Thank you.
Did Chuck Brown die?
We are looking for companies who have had success using #SM & #PR to grow their #smallbusiness for our blog & articles. Free
P.S. Can we videotape you Monday and then stream from the history department site?
Be CREATIVE (:
Get involved and reach out
I'm so sleepy
Siesta key Florida. Top ten beach I think so
RT Who is exicited for the opening of tomorrow? I know I am.
I think My Wish by Rascal Flatts is a good father/daughter/parents dance song too
#TheIdesofMarch directed by George Clooney adaptation of Willimon’s stage play #FarragutNorth. One of the best political thrillers I've seen
Thanks for shopping! Enjoy the new warm gear and goodluck on the glacier hike!
one can never have too much Sriracha :-D
Wish i was in NYC!!!!
thank you beautiful :)
Murder suspect&#39;s trial delayed
football today? it was alright...icebath > jacuzzi. :D
Back at work. Life the offshore life.
I hope everyone is having happy Easter weekend!
so you lie on twitter? Hmm good to know
..yes, but is that a threat or a fact you cling to?
Btw I forgot to mention the pulled pork sandwiches were excellent tender&moist. New smoker is a winner!
Hehe...you always have something fun to say don't you?
Can't get Packer game over the air. Tried downlinking the game off satellite cuz its in HD
My whole body hurts. =_=
chris brown makes me feel better...
We'd like to talk to Walker Prettyman. How can we get in touch with him to share his side of the story? Thanks!
"Complete Commitment-----'Lack' of separation from what You Want" --A.H.Almas
Raising hand. It's been raised for hours. :-)
never got your email!
is excited and absolutely thrilled to announce that she will be performing in "Songs for a New World" with #CPCT this Spring!
You had me at meat tornado
Grace Chapel and Boston area friends, Lexington Venue Theater said they could add a Sun. 9pm #bluelikejazz showing. Please RT & Come
Pollak and Shapiro oversold something that turned out to be a wet noodle. America was expecting to see BHO burn a flag.
I'm weird. Think I'm stupid? Gtfo <U+270C>
it worked on Molly “: Got a clicker at a sales training today from Will use to train my dog later #pleasework”
RT: As long as habit and routine dictate the pattern of living, new dimensions of the soul will not emerge. ~Henry Van Dyke
So les Schwab carries Foose designs rims. Exciting!
Some say: Obama has three demographics to divide to win 2012. Race, class, sex, Hillary Rosen is leading the charge for the later. ,)
Sylvester Stallone's Bullet to the Head Pushed to February 2013
Imprinted iPad cases are a huge hit
Gerry hope we get a chance to chat before the day is through.
Oh.... Congrats
Andrew Weiner is such a weiner
check your emails for important info for tomorrow fundraiser (new arrival time is 8am)
what time are you fools coming in?
Lie down and lift your legs up and I'll show ya ;-)
Im sleepy , I got my shoes for prom , theyll be here next week sometime .
working out at the reference desk, while my machine gets a good talking to...
We are looking for a promotions team please contact this us or to help
Who of you will be going to the La Quinta Arts Festival, March 8—11? Just curious...
Thanks, And thanks for building the Timbers Army into the greatest supporters club in the universe. Brilliant!
well i finished my poptart lol
we were at rupp too! It was fun
we think it's a combination of both. It's also disillusionment. There have been many plans, promises and no results for decades.
Professionalization and its discontents?
Scrambled eggs. :)
Thanks for the RT!
obviously. :p
you got dat right...
- you did a great job in
You coming to the thing tonight? -"I wasn't invited." AAWWWWKWWWWAAARRDD.
You should use it on your next box cover....who needs review quotes??
Why You Balling Your Eye's Out Devan? Your The One Who Said, "I Just Want Her Out Of My Life, Im Done With Your Shit!!!"
you can't just delete FB
Try CLE or ATL, Strong Pro Draw, ATL Weak Twins, SB Bunch Draw
#cybermonday = install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Retweet for
Hey #Chicago which restaurants are opening their outdoor patios early today?
I'm so sleepy! I still have about three hours before I get to close these eyes
#OccupyAlbuquerque is still going. Base camp is at University & Central. Follow #OccupyBurque for info.
I can't help but wonder if you ever miss me.
Just curious, why follow me. :)
ah american. I'm kinda your biggest american fan.. Come here <3
your welcome(:
FOLLOW ME!!! :D
Fuck family, all i need is my boyfriend<3
Did you know that Friday's are the least stressful on the heart? Hm. :)
Who are some leading #Rails developers in Milwaukee (individuals or shops)? Possible project soon.
I honestly don't see him "trying" to do anything different. Same slap hitter.
is akon back?!
Life lesson #302: Never ask the officer to hold your beer while you find your license and registration.
Looking for a place to live and Dakota blue for beers
#Galtung's plan to create free college: use retired professors for admin, let students help.
Congrats to #wbdc25 for reaching fundraising goal!
shot out to all the cool people who retweet dis n follow me
Ah! Thomas decided to build an entirely new display system for next weekends ever in Philly! come see: booth
awww<33 thanks!n~~ you are too sweet :]]
oh man, #CLF!
edgewood website has live stats and video.
following you now!! x
Today's theme is clever, I like!
hello Dod diva :)
If you've decided to vote for Romney because of an issue that doesn't affect YOU in any way - marriage equality - you are just daft!
Probably on Wednesday, late afternoon-ish.
Youk with the Grand Slam!!
Standing in line to see Dr Dog at Don't think I'm getting in, this is pretty crazy!
EKB August 2011 POTM: "Sleepless August, You, Me, Everyone?" Opening line: "The crickets outside raise themselves up like goosebumps"
I almost forgot!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY <3 you're an amazing person! One of my idols! Hope it's a good one :') <33
Hint #1: Despite the meaning of my name, I am not made with any seafood.
I WANNA WRAP U IN MY ARMS, BABY LET ME HOLD YOU<3 LMFAO
Hammond giving examples of teams starting 4 man instead of center. Brought up Atl, Utah.
your welcome :)
That is great. Thanks so much. I've only had minimal contact with bob Sutton but I like him - and now I really like him
Rotties - Kell'd, Maulers - Asa, Asa clobbers Kell'd out of bounds off the line, Asa takes lead
yeah I'm gonna miss her when I finish high school. But she really shouldn't tickle people and threaten to throw then out windows
Nicole Sullivan is on #TheGame tonight.
I sure am!!
its not looking good for Mexico. I hope they don't play like this in the olimpyc qualifiers or they won't be coming to kc
Just ran into the homie
Ivanovic makes shock Stuttgart exit Former world number one Ana Ivanovic made a shock first round exit at Stuttgart s clay court WTA tour
Yes! Power Play for the #caps!
To get some rest, would you give yourself away?
More bag space! Tasks in Moria! All the things I mentioned in the last survey I took. Can't wait!
thanks! How is everyone this #FF?
"I See the Light" is pretty much a perfect moment in cinema. So magical.
It's that time! Ahh, the smell of fresh manuscripts. Don't forget the Summer Residency Receipt Deadline is January 27th!
yeah, I think she was just a tad more faded than you!! She was so faded she couldn't talk, AND u were holding her up..Smh lol
We need to start putting fainting couches in NFL press boxes
Magic words that guarantee candy: "trick or treat." If only every kid knew that at Halloween at the Zoo
Only series w/ the #Indians I can't wait to be over...why? Mere sight of Wedge & Felix makes want 2 punch'em in their throat
It's lunch time folks! Just in time bc I'm parched and starving! Stop by a #Bartab venue and grab a bite to eat with your $1 drink!
"tony and cleo" comes to a close this afternoon.
one of Oregon live's favorite things to whine about. Serves them right.
i can dig it
Great surprise hang out with the girly :D
LA Kings Are Winning Yeaahhh 1 Up!
no : ( next time ill be home is july 1st. big party for july 4th?!
Thanks for following (and congrats on having visit - how great to have him speak to your students)!
I guess it's true.......u win some u lose some
thats so true.
o I never thought he'd be Hulk
My day was pretty good =]
What was your #first #car? Did you #love it or #hate it?
Check out live birth with midwife in chapter one of My Name Is Mahataa
Or that one.
mine'll hafta wait for another pink drink. I just like it!
Since when is angry birds like the essential game on tablets and smartphones?!
i will
He said, "Wow, you can hear a pin drop in here," and in my head I thought, "Let's keep it that way."
Thanks - have a great WE too!
we will be at SXSW and New Orleans Jazz Fest. 'Roo and ACL are on the horizon. what bands do you want to read coverage on?
< if u follow back I will
good luck g unit, #lsat for mee
if city win the league ill be there when they win it., if you tweet me i'll send you a photo of it.
I love you 4 so much, you need to make your own show!!!! My life is over now D:
If you don't want people to comment on your conversations don't talk so damn loud.
RGB Parade for me too
Funniest part of my day driving home windows down and radio turned up, passed by 2 Mormons on bikes... Blaring Pretty Ricky
LOL LOL! that's kinda funny :P
Yep! Then I ate my cat.
Listening 2 / #PublicEnemy. They helped change me when I was a teen. I decided i was not going to be that chick that wasn't AWARE.
they need attention too!
For all the girls that didnt get this message.....GoodNight beautiful!(;
RT : Was Kei on frame or not? His balls don't seem to be getting in the net lately <<I hate it when that happens,
killed it, like always. can't wait to see them again!
lol, how does tweeting on a empty stomach bad? disturbing pictures?
you are on our list of invitees for digi humanities symposium as well; maybe better to have u in spotlight. Email this AM?
Look for the Magic to pull out the upset win tonight over Celtics!
The fear of losing trumps the excitement of victory for so many people. No one wants to lose and deal w/ rejection.
“ “ GirlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for famILY.””
At least we know that she'll tweet fans so thats a good thing!
Great Job Tonight(: I LOVED your Leona Lewis Cover!! Keep up the good work. I would vote for you<3333
being mayor is EVERYTHING
I pay $32/monthly. I think that is the FMV
First day of spring yay! Why couldn't it have been on a Sunday?
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product."
LOL Science & wellness stories are newsworthy info regardless of the source. "Don't throw out the baby" :o)
Personally offended when the internet on my phone is slow.
It would be nice if someone appreciated a fucking thing.
lemme see that hip SWING!
... kids don't need to tackle to learn sportsmanship, teamwork or how to play football.
"Silence is the true friend that never betrays".-Confucius I just told my friend that quote who was being baited into a fight - it works. :D
I so earned some Dewey Decimator punch teaching that Social Media 101 class. Is it 7pm yet, ?
in responding to a charge of discrimination, lots of little issues with a claim can be more damaging than one big issue. For example, one …
same to you!
I used to work for BUDL...this is Andy Ellis...i need some help on the YOURS social network we are building...
Noticed some minor damage on a piece of artwork in one of the galleries today. Scratches on paintings make me twitch. Be careful in museums!
I liked it! idk, might b worth the risk
i still remember the trauma of realizing that "cinque, dieci ..." is about susanna's *hat*
Was struggling with my work and personal life since past many days..Here i am back and improved Vegan..Go Vegan!!!!
Hey and - is getting packed! It's near you, so get some soon!
I just remembered last year when tweeted me and wished me a happy birthday...one of the best days of my life. <333
Off for the next two days! I want to get out of this apartment and do something!!!
re Mad Mag, yeah but more Lampoon & SNL - both of which I've written for. Also love Onion.
ask mom. It's a spa day enough for two people so she said she's probably going to take dad
should come back to orlando #ASAP!
Can I get an autographed PICTURE, in a frame that SINGS in your voice, and ends the audio performance, "I LUV U, Ray!?" ;) LOL!
Hahaha yess it'll be over before you know it. I can hardly remember finals week now. Any plans for after grad?
I use Emacs in both. Primarily in graphical though.
Catches a case while injured; does 3 yrs RT : Cam Newton getting the Madden cover? Panthers 6-10. He's missing half the season
Twitter is gonna be fun this weekend :)
Nice--Marc said you were looking for piano trios? Said he mentioned my name--which was lovely. Care to see a score?
Laying out in the sun with mom while kassidy takes a nap.
isn't that ironic:)
Hard to steal on
ain't no love in the heart of the city...
they are sent out in May!
Completed the steps for the move from #delicious to #avos. Another company now knows I like digital libraries, social media, and kayaking.
going to see Stop Making Sense at the Paramount tonight. Cannot wait!
A few open seats for Friday's #LeanStartup Workshop hosted by RSVP today:
-- will be in bloomington this weekend for a taping! Look at my RT!
in the spirt of #FF Follow Friday i want to create #TT Trend-with-a-Friend Tuesday!!
Between getting hit by a car and robbed at gunpoint this year. My nerves are GONE!!!! I don't trust ANYONE lol
Adorable! My cat perks her head up when Busytown Mysteries come on. the characters are animals (including cats)...
She would get it tho
sorry you were having difficulty with the site. It is working - check it out now.
overdue. Program support and revenue shouldve produced a final four in last decade
Oklahoma! FREE SHOW TONIGHT in Lawton. See you in the pit
I like them all light skin dark skin brown skin! All skin Lego
I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure. ~ Clarence Darrow
Brand yourself in your music, logo, bio, website, social media sites, videos, networking events
Hey Coach, who's gonna take Quizz's spot?
just listened to your podcast with on "Making It." Best advice; "Work harder than everyone around you."
Throwin javelin today
Braves won today off a walk off hit my boy Freddie Freedman
Be my wifey?
Thank you to all of our Volunteers, Partners, Staff, Fans, & Saint Paul for helping to make this "The Coolest Celebration on Earth!"
you never fail to make me laugh!! #bestfriends #neverlosesafight (:
I think the best answer when awarded or honored is to offer thanks and say you're grateful.
No, you're the only dork so far. RT Is anyone else struggling to make tryruby.org work?
Kudos for supporting gay marriage; Stephen Colbert debuts new portmanteau, "gaylageddon"
Just saw a guy who was flossing his teeth WHILE DRIVING! hahahaha
Happy Mother's Day Kei!
MWAH! MT : No arm twisting here, it's a fact, the entire staff at is amazing!
i'm no mind reader or anything but i think my english and world history teachers...wanna f***k me! :D...wait. O.O
Remind them to tip their waitress and try the veal!
RT : #Cancer will listen to everybody about everything but will rarely share anything about themselves
#FF Thanks for the follows friends!
Yes, I'm probably going to go to an event tomorrow. How about you?
#FF Our partners this week are phenomenal
forever spending money on this car. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Nah, I'm out tonight. I'm in tomorrow, tho.
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
hope you had a great day <3
I ran two miles then did ABS at la fitness.
What a simply fantastic day!
about to get this project done
Today is awesome. I can't wait to serve on a jury. Not.
Meeting with Jon Devoto of today to begin pre-production for a new band EP. Forgive my absence, Twitter. Been very busy.
oh shit you poor thing! Did you speak from experience?
Honestly i can't wait to go home and have a major snuggle session with my #jasper I misses him <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Y U NO SMART
Wine: how classy people get wasted
Are you serious? Why?
Listening to dumbass' talk about weed and cocaine. me and are cool<3
im going to facebook
One of these cars is jamming "Funky Town"
Unicorns are unique. I am unique. Therefore, I am Luna Lovegood.
Hi Jenni, sorry for delay. No, I've never worked with plays or scripts at all, outside my realm of experience.
the difference between Chuck Norris and is that Shaw scores more both on and off the Ice
Every late-night TV talkshow host has a Mexican. Why?
Sexy lady <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
You find yourself a big thick hard dick to play with yet????
sounds like a nightmare out of The Hangover!
Thank you! I really appreciate it.
#THATTHINGYOUDO is a great film. Hanks' true masterpiece.
just entered the turnstile and people have formed a crazy line around dancers statue.
Symphonic Band is really good:)
Hi Jeff! Any snow on the ground at the Hall this morning? -- Ted
next sunday it will be 5:30pm and dark , ;(
Am I fat if I use a china house menu as a bookmark? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0098>
rt for drinks at cherryjam x
I just wanna clean and do laundry but there's already a load in the washer #firstworldpains ugh
will you all come to Montgomery
Yup..... I think I'm gonna throw up
Love my family though.
As a general rule, I hate your anti-Brewers tweets... but I got a good laugh out of this.
The entire theater for Hunger Games just erupted with crazy applause for the Pre-trailer commercials. This is some insane crowd!
oh please. I've always been a rangers fan since I was a kid.
Why are we so blind to see that the only ones we hurt are you and me?
HAHAHA that's awesome! thanks!
All these bitches be wanting the dick
Ouch! I get my eyebrows threaded, but that sounds awful! Did you know that some people get their whole face threaded?!
Yay! Sorry for the misunderstanding :)
: So fun to watch.. Love my fans so much !! Thank you for giving me the best job ever..
I have heard you can drink pee tho
Lol that 4x4 took all the energy out of me.. Time to take a nap.
Steady Chasin' You cant ever stop in life
So Santorum says pregnancy as result of rape is a "gift" & that we "have to make the best of a bad situation" & nobody thinks that's BS?
Hey greenali13! Glad to see a local on Kupoz!
i'm a human, i'm not perfect, if you want perfect go to 2 walmart and buy a barbie doll they're cheap
im on some other babes better hurry up nd hit my line lbs
Today is my birthday finna have fun <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
i really love this story i just know that that chick anit prego!!
hey lit major, "war caused" should be hyphenated. LOL jk ;) i have your tekken disc btw
muscle milk makes me big and strong _but not too big ;-)
I am now on twitter! C'mon be a follower!
Love the latest episode when he is trying to get his car to call his wife. Excellent writing on this show :)
"You are known by the company you avoid, and the company you keep."
We never checked each other for the 'May be habit forming' sticker and now we're itchy, cranky junkies.
Once again I look on point & the main person who I want to see me is mia.
Had to call you, You won't believe this but Pete got into a fight with Lane. Lane decked him. God I wish I'd seen it.
How's everyone doing today?
Testing twitter berry.
hello c:
Top notch commercial interior design and architecture firm:
Put the backup candy out. Next kid stole that too.
aw, thanks Tiffany! No, I didn't, but some Canadian got mine. ;)
The Jayhawks are on their way to New Orleans! It's Final Four time!
hahaha....so have you gotten a new phone yet?
I bout to go to jville for one period
Not sure if my new phone background should be Niall or Zayn. HELP!!!
See. Closeout games are easy.
What I should've said was, I love surprises and brocolli.
" Rest does not come from sleeping.....but from Waking " --A Course In Miracles
Jim Leyritz used to be called The King. Maybe they should just retire the nickname. Too many people have it lol
My mama be tripping... she just got mad cos I asked how long she was gon be on my laptop cos I got homework smfh
um.. i hate facebook timeline as much now as i did two months ago... entirely unreadable...
I'm all in!
you're going to ??!!!!! Talk about #classy lol
Guess my boo was right all my photographers B trying to hit now lol
What are your favorite jazz clubs? Planning gigs to play for later this year & want to get your feedback. Thank you.
lmao because your kinda clumsy ^__^
I could use a massage and two days worth of sleep. maybe three days...
and stop laughing at me Nora how taj n de doing
- Looks like Skippy's pic is an absolute favorite!
Wright Way Master Classes is looking forward holding auditions for its Broadway Auditions Seminar in CHARLOTTE, NC February 4th at the NCBPA
come with it the first one is on me
Really tired....
hahaha, from my party and my brother driving in to come and my hair being fixed right and my cake im a hott mess legit!
My eyes are tired
Dude, "Dozen Roses and a Six Pack" is genius! Kudos to you man! such a good song..We need to write soon brotha! Hope all is well
Thanks. Cuz I saw that thing where y'all were both recruiting that Mormon QB and they went at him and his mom with buxom twins.
Hey ! Thanks for sharing! Good tips :-)
if you mentioned me in a tweet, I think I'd have to love you for fucking ever.
I HAVE TO PEE SO BAD RIGHT NOW! but i have to wait for my mom to leave work
that just makes you an intellectual. :) #MyBiggestFlaw isn't worth your time. You are wonderful.
thanks for following :)
LOL! You're laughing? Dude you should be hearing what I'm hearing now because it is something to be laughed at!
Thanks for the tweet!
Grapefruit IPA is the truffle I make. I use Ruination IPA. Delish!
Now is pushing against #hungergames #activism? Why am I shocked? Cuz if young people want more than bread & circuses...
On beautiful days like this I can't decide which I like better . . . a simultaneous Brazilian wax & root canal or other people.
and if you not and u got somethin to say den address me DIRECTLY. at least have some balls like my nigga
how can you say LSU dominated? Oregon made mistakes, but did not get "dominated" ... don't feed the SEC meme-machine
thanks! you always know what to say<3
I'm
too funny. I almost cried when mom sent me that.
Lolz...I can't sleep so I'm on Youtube
I think it already might be.
shes like omg guys i love this song ! i was like really -_- i showed it to you before you said you didnt like it she was like idr
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
i already herd ur music bro, been following u but ya twitter unfollowed me
Hey! Check out my first video in youtube.....Me doing a cover of Taylor Swift's Back to December...
The day has come when I have died, only to find I've come alive.
-I got your msg - anything 4 u my brother I'll film S. Jersey & Philly. STEELERS!
“: How faraway is Lexington from Chicago?”--not far, #BBN is everywhere!!!
@ , will you sign the petition asking Congress to declare Sept. Nat'l Brain Aneurysm Awareness Month? bit.ly/qk4zJa
Enjoying visiting ...Just met a young, African-American male senior who's excited about tutoring HS kids in Calculus...
won't be able to make it #SMWneed4speed event today but maybe another event this week
Life is like a Pop Quiz, will you be ready when it presents you with unexpected tests & opportunities? Stay Sharp & ready to take action.
"He Got Game" wasnt that the movie with Denzel and Ray Allen?
we had to move the release date back two weeks..
Come to the brewery on Railroad Street and pick up a growler, $1 off for all of this week, to celebrate the opening of our new tasting room!
their roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe puts our Italian beef to shame
Danced the night away in #Atlanta last night, #Athens tonight- I'm going to need another weekend!
Cool I speak Spanish in Puerto Rico and Dominican Republic
because my people are coming back into town on Saturday in the am and I'm picking them up and said she has to be back
Lol I know I joke. Freedom's freedom
I don't even have a crush.... wish I did tho.
Just completed Week 1 - Day 3 (ran 1.97mi with run pace of 11:26 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with
awww thanks !!! You just made my night and started my day ;)
Do you know the answer to our trivia question?
the old Vince Carter would of dunked that ......
Speaking of which, anybody ever notice that Solitaire is by far the most IRONIC card game? Not hipster irony...cruel, in-your-face irony
moving onto more DH, less sports: been asked by grad dir to teach DH crs in near future for MA program -- huzzah!! can't wait!!
amanda_elyse88 I am but it's gonna be tough to resist buying one every day--especially when the weather turns cooler! Luv their hot drinks!
RT thank you <U+2665> ": I feel this, i need to take it in october too :/ but i know you got this tho!"
ditto. Keming is true skill - nice T!
Looking forward to seeing the ocean in a few days.
why tf you aint text me
Thanks for the Follow! Great to have you on Board!
Sad that the session is almost over - such an amazing team and discussion
'Trealtalk' on words with friends
The staff at City Tavern is taking reservations for Thanksgiving Day! Call 215-413-1443 now to book a colonial feast for the family
We been working on the new Corporate Ninja Brother children's book series.
In tears skyping with
Our foster homes are full - doing lots of b-mod and trying to get a litter of parvo pups thru quarantine. Cannot help.
#Dolphins draft key #8: After the draft results in 3-5 draftees, it's customary to say "HOW the HELL do the Patriots have so many PICKS?"
Former OKC Mayor made a similar point. Trip from Airport to CDB should be a great experience for visitors.
Fun day at #attw ... at least four times, I think, I met someone in person that I had only known online
Join H&A in Roanoke, VA tomorrow for the Bride's House Annual Bridal Gala & Tea! Cc:
Like Horses? This event is for you... coming to this July 27-29 #Indy #Horses -On Sale Now!
wow! That sounds intense! I love it;) lol!
that True
oh thats cool :)
What's soup guys haha:)
2nd favorite takeaway: mass media killed communities; social media builds communities
Avengers tn with
Mwah I'm soo excited looking at hotels to go see with my sister <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764> I can't wait :) xx
Dear , Whoever is designing your new spring jersey and print dresses is divine. Also, love the red trousers.
Tired. Sore. Sick of foot, can I take it off until it's healed and then snap it back on, like Mr. Potato Head?
I just saw the movie and I can't wait to read the book
hey buddy, yep…on the follow, thanks for the S/O
u gotta hear this new tape yo
I will for sure. Looking to break 21 minutes. There's a high of 48 today so it may be painful haha
If he really died, would you feel bad?
Making a joke at the Taliban's expense? Aw, what the hell, sure - why not. I'll go there.
I like my information like I like my food.... Good.
aint coming back -_- I know it
Just talked too big bra from capital records so hopefully he gone fuck wit us . #2ouble Take Productions ! Lets get shit poppin
Reading #oomf tweets thinking "why? :( ".
can't do that at work
Bringing a MIlwaukee specialty to the table this morning!
"We need to back state employees against a governor bent on beating them down." -Michael McLuckie, Hillsboro OR
She says she prefers we have sex with the lights off because she's self conscious about her body. I say "thanks."
Thank you, Sir. Hope you're doing well.
My pet peeve, also! Take a breath, people! Slow down and pause between the groupings! (212 PAUSE 555 PAUSE 5555!)
Whoa whoa whoa will I be drunkly stumbling into either one of you two on Thursday at home opener?
What in the world does "beez in the trap" mean?
Tough life you anchors & producers live. Some of us spent the night working.
missing you all too. So many laughs such good times.
Thanks, Dude!
Loving the metallic. Great choice!
what a long week
Guess who's got the #2 highest Inflight Trivia Score? This nerd! (They were nearly all music questions.)
We seriously need to make that happen one day.
Nope, I think your lying;-) I think you love being worked into the ground.
Hell yea #Padres !!!
Review: Ten is a delightful character. Well done to the authors. I look forward to Ten's further adventures.
watching game with and
Thanks! Needed that! Positive words go a long way!
Not all kids want to be pro athletes, some kids just like to play the game because it's fun.
New and improved (and elongated) "Specials" menu; including, but not limited to, Uni Risotto, Tuna Crudo, and a French Onion Tara Chiri.
Come check out surrender tonight it's the nightclub at encore las Vegas Only
Sounds great Kate, enjoy celebrating the opportunity even while working so hard. Life has lots to celebrate even in disasters
ew is that what your butt looks like ?! O.o
RT : my brother for life , we family we always gone be loyal chief ! Thats real 100 shit . <--- #KnwDat !!!
I'm working. It's slow...
Well, I've definitely reached my caricature quota for the week. And for my life.
Oh, yeah. It's about that time. I must write. Must clear this mind. It's the only thing that's going to work...
we added a 2 in rip and a 1 in Lucas who take away from others' numbers which is why just looking at stats doesn't tell the story.
one of my favorite films from TOHO Pictures from japan which is no more is godzilla 2000.
when I get back to LA im checkin out parties
missed that session at #Leadscon but would love to learn more about legalities related to attorney lead gen. info avail online?
So ready for this weekend.
You get 3 references for a contractor and just call them. How do you know you're not actually calling one of their buddies? GO SEE the work!
Great point. But if you've never visited a place, just tweet with them, and they're very different on-site than on SM?
Haha no! I'll explain how it all works another time!
what were people thinking - I mean seriously voting Jessica in the bottom 3? Thanks to Steven, Jessica & Randy for listening!
It's so annoying when alot of my cute pics... End up blurry! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
lol yeah that's the quickest and no problem girl anytime
"it's too been long away."
When the horse is dead, dismount.
Cool, you should come visit us in Tech Sqaure sometime :)
Wait what just happened with and the beat and krov and stuff? Im rlly confuesed someone tell me!!!
Hard to imagine now but Mariano Rivera didn't look like he had a future during his rookie season. He made 10 start, went 3-3 with a 5.51 ERA
won't judge at all but that's funny. ;)
I don't care how cute that nigga is . . . FUCK YOU WESTBROOK !
Broke down and got the poster.
checking out the klouchebag scores for Roc's top ad agencies and #140 attendees. The more you know ===<U+2605>
#i hope one day to all the ppl i didnt like for no reason can forgive me:\~*~
Someone just edited me by substituting the word "information" for "inspiration." Insight into the world-view from inside the box. Shudder.
Hey, someone is posting bad stuff about you -
this dude said MGK is the fastest rapper alive...and dont even know who krayzie bone is...smh
I hope so. Drew is just an amazing person.
Got my invite to the office grand opening party for Looking forward to seeing the old peeps & their new office!
yayyyyy...you're coming! See ya in awhile
one of those days where you work and work and it goes for naught. ugh. if it only went for naughtY i'd be happY.
interior crocodile alligator i drive a Chevrolet movie theater
Thanks! I'm trying not to play this Goyte album out, so good. lol
Tony Blair The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority
Whenever you go to the bathroom during a movie, it seems like you always miss the best part.
Getting my hair cut, so excited :) haha
WARD 3 VOTERS ONLY 2 HOURS LEFT Bob Coffin will support the arts in our ward and our city! We need him as our new councilman
4th of July. My Favorite Holiday.
I'll seeya there. Get ready for a huge twitter induced bummer. But it's worth it.
yeah same here!
RT : "When a door of happiness closes, another opens. Often we look at the closed door, we do not see the one that’s been opened."
Oh no! took a massive hit! Hope he is okay!
my heart is racing! ready or not, here it comes!!
this is my kind of weather
Just had a power round of meetings: and loving life!.
no one said that. It was about a rookie qb (who is struggling lately) on the road in the playoffs.
i started Hip Hop Dance Classes! Can i get a good luck?
You said I was a Jew so I wrote a message in Hebrew.
where u at baby!
Tim Tebow is no longer trending. He also is no longer starting.
damn im backk, i had to go away for a little bit
Night class
In my heart or hearts, I'm a TS librarian too :)
Motivation is a fire from within. If someone else tries to light that fire under you, chances are it will burn very briefly. Stephen R. ...
What you need in life is close 2 u its within reach u just need 2 use your vision 2 do the ordinary & God will do the extraordinary.
RT : Dick Clark, Rest in peace you extraordinary man. Thank you filling our days with music and dance, and NYE
Wow, 's Fantastic Four 605 is the single best FF issue I've read in a half decade. Stunning - DvL
FYI: I don't like to be let down. I always expect the best in people and situations. I hate it when it isn't so.
I think it's ok to describe if necessary. Like reporting on a car wreck. Should not show severed bodies / ok to report them.
And that is?
So excited! We just left the KFON studios wrapping up our episode for Open for Business.
It's Grab N Go Friday, everyone. Stop in, grab a fresh hand-tied bouquet, and be on your way! Only $14.99
can't wait!!!
Yes, we have a heat gun. It is very quiet so remember to leave it on when you set it down. And burn this fucking place to the ground.
Lmfao at last night.
My 6yr got her report card spanish teacher gave her a thumbs up english teacher did the same..I'm proud of u tata. Mommy loves u
so excited cause im going to USAF, Stanford University , San Jose university,& UCSC but im kinda nervous
The best. And nicest smile! “: #Cardinals WR visiting the Gene Lewis Boxing Club tonight. #NFLGoodGuy”
Worst deadline ever. 1 trade. Too many teams on the bubble.
In 1986, I was one of them. Yay, me!
Will you be adding any more shows to your Summer Concert Series?
My office is a barstool between my livingroom/kitchen so I don't know about that!
Oh, goody, jackhammers outside my hotel window. Joy.
I'm running two machines for the first time in a while. Is Synergy still the best option for using input devices across multiple machines?
it's crazy how some people think I like them
THT WAS AMAZING
packing bags for the day, more freebies, discounts and goodies for everyone
I just got all Dr. Evil when I saw the new Mega Millions jackpot...One hundred meeeellion dollars bwahahahahahaha!
Question for about being a confident public speaker. YES! "
I only wanted you to see that you could be who you wanted to be and I'd fill the lonely void inside of you
Ruh-roh... Someone hacked us again. Guess that means we are popular. Please hang in there for few min while we fix it. Thanks! -- TC and CB
"patriots" laughed at Ryan's budget because it wasn't extreme enough, but you think the opposition could present 1?
you've got it.
Why? Why, you ask? RR dropped my pepperoni hot pocket during prep. Must I explain further?
Just Letting Things Past Me By >>>> Just Throwing The Stress & Pain Away >>>> & Staying Faithful In Our Relationship
Also, are those lino cuts, or silkscreens...OR BOTH?
Well , thanks again :))
GOOD MORNING. The sun is shining the birds are chirping... I believe it will be a beautiful day!
On the train headed to Wrigleyville! Go Cubs Go!!
Thanks to for giving us some great advice about promotion. And So It Begins!
Great pic! There is no other city like New York!
ah your so lucky! i wish i could go to america, it sounds so fun! I'm dying I've been stuck in australia my whole life .x
Thanks, but it's something we shouldn't have to have to worry about. Such a tragedy. So wrong.
SENTENCING, MEANS DEFENDANT ENTERS A PLEA BEFORE A JUDGE, DEFENDANT IS GIVEN A CHANCE TO CONVINCE A JUDGE TO GIVE HIM A SECOND CHANCE
too many much ghost pepper. Bad for you. Bad for baby.
Just follow his word close and if Christianity doesn't match up, it's wrong.
J. Cole wuz tha truth but big K.R.I.T. didnt show smh
You said "no they don't." ... no they don't what?
When oomf asked me did I like her <<<< -___-
he is so funny
tonight may or may not be rowdy
This show's a far cry from even my HS days of Hammond, Tim Meadows, Ana Gasteyer, Cheri Oteri, etc.
Thank you for last night. You know who you are!
I can't wait for 's new cd to come out on the 21st<3
You should totally move here during the summer/next year and yuuh(; hahaha
When did I start thinking boys with blonde hair were so perfect? Not usually my thing.
You bought the tickets? :D
Here's wishing my delightful friend a swift & complete recovery from the Crud.
Jealous? ;-) MT : Drove by #OccupyDenver around 6:30 ish...a couple doing it in another sl. bag.
Only if it's actually Mom otherwse some enemy you have is a-ok with me. It's me isn't it?? I thought I felt a head rush.
#pw2012 82 percent of people with less than a HS education lack economic security
RT : RT : Im n the running 4 Best New Artist & Best R&B Single "Come Get Me" 4 the Ent. Awards!
I hate these dogs on isolated farms ! Not sure what to do. Pepper spray. Suggestions, anyone ?
i never get like any views/likes/comments anymore...:P
Got the road Win!! Let's go Ravens!!!
i mean it does have more swag to it then the usa anthem but man just get to the hockey
President says this show is a lot like this election..a long time to wait for what everyone knows will happen ( winning)
Currently on #SoundCloud listening to , She is freaking amazing! =-O
he wants me to ask out Michael but he doesn't know that i want to ask him out
Two playoff TV choices right now: #NBA #Knicks #Heat or #NHL #Caps #Rangers. Your pick?
I want pizza.
What kind of goofy, pandering question is that? That's like asking "who likes to laugh?"
Hey! please follow! (:
One half down and we're back where we started. Freshmen, Davis and Kidd-Gilchrist, are looking pretty good. Nerves may be getting to Teague.
star wars nerds, they always pick on the details. :D (the male singer was added though.)
He smiles. I smile. #FACT (:
Instead of giving yourself reasons why you can't lose fat, give yourself reasons why you can.
Hi Alt_Nation! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Tks!
Sax in the City. . . tomorrow's Saxophone Summit is going to be ONE HOT NIGHT of Jazz Under the Stars!!
No way!!! Haha
Glad it made you laugh! I can't wait to see all the entries in the anthology.
Wednesday Rep proudly announces an EQUITY SHOWCASE of Original Works to be presented at Roy Arias @ Times Square Arts Center Apr 29-May 1.
Nine months sober! (Meaning drugs)
There is something about Fall, Sunday afternoons and cooking that makes all of life hardships disappear! Life is truly great.
Late-night writing. Time to wrap up the new album!
RT : Been a lot of smart grid panels at #greennet today - is that the main direction cleantech is heading now?
Eh confusing enough. Always leads back to if they're saying boo or boo-urns?
The house of horror!
Your cockiness is over whelming a little too much.
Day 2 of the Main Event is underway and our remaining players are working toward that $150,500 prize pool! Top payout will be $40,900!
How I wish I was a slut in real life not just on twitter :/
Movie recommendation is Jack Lennon in "The Odd Couple"
WE are at Hermosa Beach by the Beach House!! Come by and get coconuts!!
Good news to Packer transplants in Minnesota: there are only 4 instances this upcoming season when Vikes will pre-empt the Pack.
Your cool!!! Lolololololol me and are fucking amazing and we make every situation from boring to fun... Lol love you sis!!!
Who does a SPRA member contact to get involved in your summer music events? Thanks!
All this yard work I'm doing? I am just making up "right" ways to do it. Mostly my ways involve my pants somehow being full of pine needles.
Sunday is the start of great mixtape im bout to put together hosted by siahbay "underrated"
I love all your pic updates! I can't wait to meet him :)
Don't fall for anyone that's not willing to catch you, you'll land flat on your face.
RT : #Cancer's may seem quiet and shy but they definitely have their wild and freaky side.
Is now the RBI Queen!
3rd & final commencement ceremony about to begin! warming tents r big hit this yr! Thx to 20 alum vlntr hosts today
Great to share stories of innovation with MBA students tonight. Looking forward to their tour!
My picture with the President is on the front page of the #LansingStateJournal!
This is the best news I have ever gotten(: <3
RT : Heading to the domes! Ghosts Under Glass is already this weekend! Tune into Wakeup for a preview.
Every time I be this close to juss be like fuck rapping something always happen that make me wanna keep at it
I just learned the definition of a New York minute.
How is the garage sale going?!
but I broke that at the end of the day ;)
#DrunkPresidents John "Yes the Beer" Adams
wats good! i kno right its been too long. how u been?
NBA Knit Hats >>>
some people tweets are too outrageous
You need to. It's a classic.
you wish! Trying to get a certain someone to find me.
Would it be possible to get a copy of your sermon after you give it? We would love to read it.
Guess who had a really productive day at the jam space yesterday. Budwieser, Shiner, and Mickey's.
Queen Latifah in a movie is always a welcomed surprise.
Obama following Jeremy Lin because he's hoping to be a Linnet again this election!
Depending on your area they may be willing to pick it up, but most often they will pay more if you bring your junk car to them
heh heh! I was actually just thinking "hot damn! Now I get to go wedding shoe shopping!!" :)
yea whipping these bitches into shape tomorrow.
The Confessions Tour intro > you're favorite artist's entire career.
can u get another insulin pump 2nite?
Too lazy to make my own breakfast so I'm going to Denny's
only for The rest of us would love it!
feel better Drizzy!!!!
he wont give it back. Time for drastic measures.
Eesh! Thinking of the Marylanders forced to evacuate due to flooding. What a crazy past few weeks.
Hey #JMS375 - What do you guys think of #TMZ? Would you join the crew?
Wouldn't it be nice if you had a little extra for shopping? Enter to win a free $200 GiftCard!...
Beautiful night out tonight, oil and spark plugs changed, just need to clean the ol' air filter now.
I bet my direct message is in there somewhere. ;D
You know I'm comfortable with you when: I'm weird with you I sing what ever song comes into my mind I say what's on my mind I talk nonsense.
Haha yes!!! I am very excited!! 18 days! ": Hey #beachbums2012 is SOON. Make you in a better mood?!"
Hey the lakers lost by choking on some OKC COCK :) ": don't tell me how the lakers lost, im pretty sure i was watching the game."
says that aiming for a middle class lifestyle is not good enough in today's economy. Read his book #10xRule for more!
Yeah, lack of familiarity, comfort, etc.
i've only seen them once. this summer will be my 2nd time and 1st time meeting them.
Raise of the Planet of the Apes.
Sounds like a good day!
This could work. This could really, really work. (Step 2: Twitter about it.)
what do you exactly hate? & if you did really didn't like him then why did you write tht stuff in his annual?
It's so goin down...we're gonna act like we live at campus ridge tomorrow night!! haha
I want to be like Dog the bounty hunter when I grow up. I love his hair, fancy shirts unbuttoned to his belly button and tough love approach
RT : Just watched "The Interruptors" doc. It's like real life "The Wire" with more optimism & mediation. These people are remarkable
do you two realize how early it is? MY FRIENDS ARE ALCOHOLICS
- I read about it, sounded awesome!
ah wth! screw it! move on to the next cutie in the salad! ha
Shooting in Marina del Rey...
A big thank you from GROW47 and from the 47th ward for allocating $200k in capital money for McPherson!
yeah its all backward compared to english haha I am 21 living the dream.
SFX bundle for next Prometheus Trailer confirmed! Coming soon…
just wanted to remind you hat yur gorgeous and ily :)
Yes, please! Any that suit your fancy and aren't already on Vegbooks. I've always thought we need more board book reviews.
Lesson #1 for today: make more use of lists created for Twitter. Lesson #2 - see lesson
If you are a poem writer, script writer or any other writer submit your work for the festival today! here's what you need to know...
Casey Anthony "kills" her daughter gets away w/it and has little jail time
oh whoops sorry I didn't notice! Lets do it again then lol(:
Dang! Sorry to hear that happened.
it's cold now. and valley is winning again, 5-1.
Don't let someone tell you who you are, when their still trying to find themselves.
i know, right? has an eye for cool stories.
Do you remember FantaCo's Chronicles magazines published in '81 and '82? They covered the histories of certain Marvel titles.
Yo..follow me! I follow back!
Have you had the sesame sticks they sell at TJ's? They're addictive like crack.
so sad
Oh shit women's prisons are fucking scary
Individuals who have become high-profile by attacking the social & political media bigwigs at every opportunity..
Eau Claire is cold.
all is looking good, so far so great, cant hold a good man down mentally spiritually, physically. and i love that.
#umightbeghetto if you still going to walmart for cds.
Three days in and we've visited four departments here in Colombia. I tell you, early mornings & late nights make one tired boy at dinner.
Maybe ;) I'm trying to hold off to think on it for a bit. Make sure I don't do something I'll regret.
please meet ; I think you two have a lot in common and should continue to talk; in fact sharefile should support
my son has the same allergies we have tons of recipes .. What specifically are you looking for?
If Houston is smart, this is the second round pick!
Im finna start prepin my sunday dinner...i wont have so much 2do 2morro afta church
I WANT THAT TROUBLE !!! it's 2011
Well feel better bro! All is good, thx for asking. Getting the word out about UFA a bit more. U get that film I sent you?
Seriously gonna die when #BOYFRIENDvideo comes ou
Only about 1/9th of the mass of an iceberg is visible above the water. Nearly all of its bulk remain hidden beneath the surface
"Winners don't make excuses, when the other side plays the game" - "Suits" lol step your quote game up kenny.
The very best thing you can do for the whole world is to make the most of yourself.
Thanks to the awesome native american writers who are participating in our workshop sponsored by #FOX #FINAL DRAFT
whoa whoa who is this twitter noob trying to shut down my game?
I'm still I guess "technically" overweight but it's more muscle. Skin fold says average :) bmi is a liar
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
My fans are the best. Coming from a meeting and hearing them screaming my name is the best! Thank you Times Square <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> Xoxoxo.
Anyone looking for journalism interns in Madison?
: thanks Big B!
lmao I got you! Is that a single, or is it goin on your tape?
My brother just punked me real nice and said "STOP ordering shit, God Lee!! You don't know if you going or coming" Lol
Madonna's clips on VH1 right now would curb stomp her Super Bowl Halftime show.
Speechless! you f'n stud! Congrats brother! Back to Boston!
A fellow Austinite who ap"pears" to have a good sense of humor is one I want to know better!
Headed to Albany, NY. It's been 12 years!
I had another awesome and inspiring conversation today with my best friend We always have powerful conversations. :)
How ru
double yes! Triple yes!
I miss Juan
#FF friends of
This is one of those great weekends to make sure you get the Sunday Globe. Real estate goodies. Foodie fun. Sports bonanza. Family...
fuck it, that shit was better than most people's tweets anyway. Nobody knows who Chief Keef is tho ;(
same here. employed. washed. not affiliated with any political party. occupying for a better future.
I've missed you too! These pants are too much!
im not mad.. im just dissapointed you didn't learn from your mistakes.
Please follow !
Got in a sack race. Didnt win. Gosh im tired!!!
Come home safely, can't wait to have my mind blown at Movement festival. WOMP WOMP WOMP!
Last nite's rehearsal was killer. We pounded the contest set and a Suntones classic for our June show. Portland only 2 months away!
will always be a winner in my mind and heart :) thank you for entertaining us each week with your duets, am so so so proud of you
... The associated orgasmic experience may be weak or absent.
thank you for recording and streaming 's lecture! We exist to give a place and a voice to radicalism, and this helps!
“ Mission today..its to make today better than yesterday!!”
T People Watch of the day: a man in full Scottish kilt and regalia, complete with tweed hat and sporran. Oh, how I love Boston!
YAY cant wait
Happy Monday Beautiful People #CesarElDia - XavierLT. com
Traffic back open on Excelsior Blvd after deadly motorcycle crash.
"Thank you for being unerringly kind, generous and thoughtful." cc
Can't wait to see my pretty friends tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
sounds like a blast! You're hardcore. I love it. U should dress as Katniss :) Can't wait!
dude are you in or coming to LA? It's about 95 dtla.
stop by now and get a good spot for tonight Bonfire Music Series.
According to most studies, people's number one fear is public speaking
I just wanna sleep right now :( off to work then class then work again
YES!! it is :) i've been to #ZionNPS like 8 times and it is more beautiful each time!!!! have FUN :)
Just saw the news! good luck guys!
Text ne niggas!
My last RT is for x'D
“: that guy at the gym just fumbled his dumbell at the 1 yd line. The other dude liftin just lunge squatted it 99 yds to the endzone
"Everybody's lookin' for love. Aint that the reason your at this club."(:
naaaaaa naaaaa naaaaaa I want a damn eight pack
where does a best buy stock room worker get 20k followers?
OH: I've been tracking sasquatches for 25 years ( )
Would love to, but we need wonderful people like you to support us :)
Get your tix now for I Hear Music concert 2012.
HEY ALEX!! WHATS UP? follow back us please :) show some love to your Indonesian Acons x
Some great job postings were retweeted by the SLIS Alumni Association yesterday. Are you following yet?
Went to the bathroom broken heart had shit but only farted lmfao
HAVE YOUR FUCKING LOVE HEART! <3
thats my girl #AllNighter dont they know the worlds greatest mom isnt suppose 2 work today .#GetMeANumber I'll take care of it
do I really have to write that stuff before I sleep? is it really 11?
Dang, 98.5 is playing all the good freestyle music right now.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance. The 5 stages of buying gas...
Irritated with people tonight fent to go off
I'm more accurately introduced as someone's 'worse half'.
You know you suck when Chris Bosh shoots a three on you
Why is everyone against me tonight.
ME too... RT : I wish I had a time machine.
yes a lot! i have seen gutstein a few times and looked into training at connections as well.
Running thin.
No no haha. DWS, Debbie Wasserman Schultz chairwoman of the DNC. I'm going to WI to help in the recall and she said she's going too
Phish weekend in Colorado! We r truly blessed.
beep beep beep beep beep HELLO UM YEA WANTS YOU TO COME OVER! LOL
#weirdfactsaboutme ; if i like you , i would stay as far as i can away from you lol only for the simple fact that i won't get too attached .
Q 10 off suit turns broadway. 8kish.
How many team members are included in your Small Biz and Deluxe plans?
Man! It's too bad you can't tweet from some kind of mobile computer.
When I have a productive evening, it means that I worked for about 15-hours straight.
After watching 5 minutes of s show I now realize why melo left Denver .... but it's all good he wont win shit there either
Wish I saw and tonight but they're no where to be found
Correction to what I just tweeted. #BigEast will remain a better conference than the #Atlantic10, but the competitive gap will be close now.
is there VIDEO OF THIS?!?!?!? HAVE TO SEE IT
I agree
This man just took his pants off at my sisters game. Help.
Ready to smoke
History repeats itself! Mammoth F named the #NLL Player of the Month. 2 months into the season, 2 Player of the Month awards.
yeah yeah , shouters from Berlinski
Okay, There IS. A God. Octavia Spencer accepts her well-deserved Oscar!!!
Oh yeah Cardinals!! Great play.(: HeatherReneeHampton.(:
omg forever 21 has all these eagle shirts. rotf
you can have as many as you like
glad you have your priorities straight! Love it!
Find out more about what's happening with Tweets from and
“: For those who love Bush you are in for a treat because my boy is now part of Twitter Nation.”
#90problems recording t.v. show with a vcr
Although I forgot to take a picture of my plate....
Will do!
one simply cannot put down this book for bed.
Yes but Google/Android everywhere MT : T1: If you don't like Google you are always free to choose to use others.
We are quite thrilled to be hosting a visit to our zine library next Wednesday by !
Who's seen American Reunion? Is it any good?
The blues wont bring me down.
Got the bugs.
Welcome to the team Jason Jackson and Brian Jensen!!
Heard it here on Farquhar
Follow my roommate! She has no idea what she's doing
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be."-John Wooden, legendary college basketball coach
Taco Bell and #TheBreakfastClub=Good Saturday afternoon.
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>13
A very GREAT number! :) RT : thats a great number!!!!!
Have you heard Fr. Swope on WYPR this week? He's one of the station's loyal listeners wishing 88.1 a happy tenth birthday!
#HardCoreJealous Wish I could go up there this weekend :( I haven't been up there in forever and I miss everyone!
“: There is not enough diet coke or chocolate to make this day bearable.” how about enough Vodka?
Listen Friday at 10am for a live interview with ScooterCabs co-founder Justin Sisley on 106.7 FM, "Mind Your Business" segment!!
if you're looking to do some performance testing, blitz.io has a great cloud-based performance testing product.
Congratulations!! On creating drama out of absolutely nothing!!
don't! We love you <33 #WTKFamily :)
wait. there are channels besides ESPN and ESPN2?
Thank you for the add Alina
it's a long story I'd love to tell you. You might not believe how young teachers are treated. I'm moving back though! -June 1:)
hello there sir! Things are great in the world of higher education how about you? What's new??
Global Automotive Aftermarket Industry
It's in Nashville. I was talking about last year: we'd try to take bikes to outer areas on the bus. Once Alice took bus, I cycled.
STOP IT!!!! You're making me extremely curious!!!
Oh yeah, Cadbury is delish. Reese's get me every time though.
So far wordpress has been good to me. I am not Tech savvy and it is easy.
Hey peeps - who here is in Miami? Cuz I'll be there May 8-15th...
Dream chasers is better than dream chasers 2. My opinion
Whitney Mercilus has an awesome surname for a linebacker.
I accidentally broke our stores bell...
I def agree :)
NFL: Saints' appeals of bounty suspensions denied The NFL upheld its discipline in the New Orleans Saints bounty case, meaning coach Sea
:P no, no stains. The clothes just are those colors.
“: Thank you for your nonprofit tips! #BCGNonprofitTip”
nope, there's a base per min rate and if there's an event like Cinco de Mayo that increases demand, then price goes up
I have no idea how to work this thing. I'm getting really pissed. :)
x Italy Want 1D we love Your voices your song..ALL x Come in Italy PLEASE x
I love how some de fans are acting so innocent and insulting se fans for the death threats it's happened before on behalf of some de fans
RT : Help my friend Jill by using the code word #CURE at Pinkberry this wknd 20% goes to the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society
with NMJ_Vampires this time?
Ur display picture is cute :)
Just got the wig done, big up's to asiatic cutz. Now, im fresh
#commoncore standards drive me crazy but are imperative when remembering who museums support -- teachers
because many are not really EL students, but rather money sources for the district...
RT : Unconfirmed: Beastie Boy Adam Yauch Has Died of Cancer.
Thanks for the RT!!
They sell humane traps- I used one years ago. I think there are easier ones now. Otherwise bait it into shoe box & watch?
Teacher: Would you like to share that with the class? -Obviously not, that's why I whispered it..
that's cuz you're a man! Coach mcarthy would be proud
liking someone that doesnt like you back <<<
well im glad. Lol saw ur name and couldnt help singing all off key like the show!
I will see you at once. :p
you have to admit naming your beer palate wrecker markets perfectly to silly beer geeks looking for the extreme.
Good morning guys. Just had an awful week but thankful for being who I am. Everything happens for a reason :)
Mine's pretty much gone. Saturday was the worst day, and even that wasn't that bad.
lets go to the pool
congrats guys on your partnership with Optima. Should be a great team for 2012!
Blackhawks playing a purpose.
you are the winner of the #NYCWine expo ticket giveaway yesterday! Congrats! I will DM you for your contact info.
When Shit Goes Down & Sides Are Taken You Will Find Out Whose Real Or Faking!
Forest? Never heard of them.
Week 1 of #Insanity complete! More energy and stamina already!
Just looking at QBs, Rams in best shape with Bradford. Cards Kolb could be good. 49ers Smith is a placeholder.
About to make breakfast :)
RT Know your worth, Exact your standards, and Refuse to settle for anything but the best.
Where have you been all my life?
Tonight's the farewell SF show from (they'll be missed!) & the Messengers kick off the night at 9pm - can't wait!
Happy Halloween weekend!!! BOO :-0
Why are all guys such assholes?
When will be there?? And when do tickets go on sale?
excuse me ??
I got you!
We might! Which socks are you looking at? You can shoot us an email () for a more in-depth answer. :)
Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. ~Dory. You'll be OK, and so will they!!
Im not one of those girls who will bitch &complain when their boyfriend is playing videos games, ill grab the controller & play with him(:<3
Luis the poet :)
Music Zone is has another show tonight in Hollywood
#nowplaying Safe and Sound by Taylor Swift
Exercise in disguise
anyone is automatically a lot more attractive when te're funny
There is this false assumption that since it's a game 7 that Kobe's just gonna take over and win it. No it doesn't work like that...
yeeaahh it's kind of 2am....so I guess i'll go to sleep cause I have nothing better to do :/ Good Night Everyone!
Hi sweetie<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
distinction is crap IMHO but it question piqued my curiousity
o...that sucks but its like freezin in my room haha :P
miss u guys!! im gonna have to come check u 2 out real soon, its been too long :)
bats lashes.
If a guy likes it why not. All Cultural Conditioning. Anybody should do what they like.
A man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks, he becomes. -Mohandas Gandhi
Haha pretty much the same really, and I just got done with a JB song ;P Message me if you wanna talk haha, so we don't spam
What are you doing with the nice weather to stay active?
Alright cool we will have to come out there.
Made wayy too many accidental sexual innuendos while praising #bodypump to some random guy at the gym just now
Great! Welcome to Las Vegas Cashmob! You're family now.
Yamin! I've been around--busy preparing for school--focused. You?
I prolly get the tickets 2moro
i am about to go shave and watch more degrassi
According to the news this morning, Nirvana was responsible for the death of hair metal 20 years ago today.... hm scapegoat?
Key to keeping Sharepoint social and relevant self sustaining folksonomy
Do we know how much money they cost/spend?
only s few more Weeks of school, then I am back for Thurs morning coffee.
Genny Dill of the HCC has told them to apply like any other group. She says HCC is just one group of several involved w/ festival.
OMG. Hilarious. Still one of the fondest memories my life consists of.
For Whom The Bird Tweets
Winning is not everything, but the effort to win is.
Is in my bed. =P
Hope I get the internship! Phone interview is set for Friday!
Trying to run this complicated research project about OWS on php
Recommend to everyone. Great documentary that really sheds some light on what soldiers have to deal with.
#StayFarAwayFromMe 'cause you're a copycat and actually i don't like copy cat. Thank you. --
did u get one?
Looking for a tax lawyer who works with non-profits, if anyone can assist...
This is the year of comedy: Hall Pass, Paul, Your Highness, Hangover part 2, The Change-up, Horrible Bossess, and A new Harold & kumar movie
truee. Well, just let me know beforehand.
Wat it do
looks a little like your Smokey, just smaller.
#np Future-Made Myself a Boss
Any recommendations on good open source map render front end besides Leaflet or OpenLayers?
I've walked past like 3 people that smell like maple syrup.
amazing veggie platter. Roasted Brussels spinach mushrooms and asparagus! Eat clean! Yum!! Thank you!!
RIP Coach Joe! The man was a class act!
Ben Moskowitz on open video: connecting video to the rest of the web with the same textuality & interactivity we see elsewhere
CR7 oh my. Now that was pretty. Wow. Oh my. Madrid 2 barca 1
working on several projects today, trying to catch up .
soup!!!!!!! yum. i could live off lentils and ginger snaps... just saying.
Glad to be part of your #FF team as well. You have a great - and safe - weekend!
For Real?? But In Thi World They Cant Handle Two Of Me!
Happy Mothers Day. Thanks for the quote.
that's what she said...
Wonderful to see how #aha2012 and #mla12 conference are still continuing on Twitter!
Sale Ends Saturday!!! Hurry to take advantage of this unbelieveable sale. Stop in or call 1-800-747-9288.
I keep laughing every time they say Meta World Peace.
You should follow << Whoops, forgot the citation for the Children's Lit Research Collection Hidden Collns project
I think its time to get back into these little stories i have in my head whenever music plays(:
No NBA and mostly Ivy League NCAAB games...easily the most boring sports betting evening in a long time.
I'm picking up Dan and we'll be back up on Thursday!
we have pockets of activity in other 3M sectors, previously had operational stuff in this space so platform existed to leverage
Correction: a dying old man baby?
I admit I held my breath when Blake took that shot
Wall Street is the only place that people ride to in a Rolls Royce to get advice from those who take the subway-Warren Buffett
i've been pretty good at it since about 13.
I will remove our connection if you add crazy symbols to your name on LinkedIn. I'm just warning you now.
Creative writing sounds best
If only we could get retweeted by million followers. Shit we'd be happy with 0.001% of that...
Nothing ever changes...
The virtual table and decks at www.shindigtarot.com have cool animations, you can even shuffle them and spread them in a fan!
Listening to music, texting, changing avi pics, youtube and everything else is keeping me from this paper. I will learn one of these days.
BREAKING re Sat 3/17 #phametour day in Vancouver, WA - postponing Clark College show, Noon show at Merrill Gardens is FREE + open to public!
so hyper
Garrett Green! Again!
Share our Twitter and Facebook page with your friends!
#ilostmyvirginityto a bearded lady
It's funny that I have to go to Encino for #IHOP and #Benihana. Also, Happy Holidays! :)
#Chicago is covered in fog today, and it looks super creepy
bahahahahahahahahaha!!! Since when are you on twitter? And oops:) mwah
Hooray!! Maria!
Maverick (the abused and neglected rescued weimaraner) is already a winner in our eyes!
Haha :) I've never gotten it x
Morning!! Be blessed
I finally grabbed Hebonics 101 after that followback, found you too. Good stuff!
Suddenly Facebook isn't working with Google Chrome
#ItsAwkwardWhen you get urs & I don't get mine...
She's just getting the whole texting thing, so I'm saving twitter for next year, lol
59-57 Corban leads, but the Warriors foul. Beatty will shoot two. She is a 53% shooter. Misses the first and that is huge.
holy doggy
A sad day. Steve Jobs 1955-2011. A creative pioneer will never be forgotten.
ooh I hear you. I had an arbitrator change White to W all through one of my batches.
LOL good thinking! Still waiting for your man to get back to me... think you need to lay down the law! :)
Mom: why are we eating snacks Dad: BECAUSE THE PHILLIES ARE WINNING
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 25
my best friend!
SERU 2.0 #chsconf11 creating a shard understanding of what perpetual access means. Me: in principle, yes. But the problem is in how.
Cathleen Kaveny: each himan being (male & female) is an icon - not just a picture but an aspect of who God is
#MeWithoutYouIsLike...A plane that DOESN'T fly RT if true/believe to you
oh its fabulous, I just hoped the Yankees would have lost tonight, and tomorrow i would have been sure I d be waking up happy
Relax! You'll have fun, I'm sure!
and to you too!
Try lee real quick.. He did lead you into this game
Great coffee spot; a location where everyone in the world comes to their door! Baristas care about the coffee and it shows.
Most of the people that bitch about the freshmen being annoying are annoying or were freshmen less than a year ago...
personal question: are you gay?
I just want some damn waffles.
We just want to make a difference
#tweetyourweight 175.0 - damn you Carolina Cheese Straws. Y u so delicious?
What a BEAUTIFUL MORNING!
I think I'm free tomorrow and sunday. You gonna watch the #Pacquiao fight wit us?
": Skillful & godly wisdom is more precious than rubies; & nothing you can wish for is to be compared to her. -Proverbs 3:15"
I absolutely love "Liar Liar"
Hugs and more arizona hugs to my boo _mf again for his birthday today :-) love u muuuah!!
Mr. Elliptical We Have Ourselves A Great Journey Me & You. 10Miles Tonight & 200MILES In 24Days.
So Cuonzo Martin is complaining about the number UK fans at the UT game. Apparently he has never watched a UK road game. :)
There are a lot of Mother's on Twitter fishing for compliments. Go take care of your children! SCRAM, MOTHERS!
I see you follow the lovely Katie, you should follow me as well! <3~Dally
You all have a great weekend as well!
Pack really working it around, even more than normal
Beverages will be flowing thanks to Stone Brewing Co., 12 Signs Wine, Honest Tea, Solar Rain, SOL Market, Craft & Commerce and DiningOutSD.
home sweet home... buh bye st annes :-)
Suzie Allard/UTK, survey of data producers on sharing, nice sample size (n=1300+) from DataOne, will be posted next week
Yes. Just like heaven bitches!!! The cure! My fav band!
I have a new phone, no # or else I bee textin u. Send me yo numba fam
lordy! Quite sunny here and we're preparing for a relaxing weekend.
I hate 8am classes. I seriously cannot wake up before a certain time.
enoying the now 'air' free
Decisions.. Decisions..
my parents probably do too. And I never have. Lol.
The all new SO SEDUCTIVE THURSDAY WEST(4500 west ave) Ladies FREE till 11. 18&up welcome! Dj Mystik in the mix. Dnt miss out!!!
UCONN makes me feel good inside. Let's go Huskies!!!
#MyWorstFears a room full of bald men wearing turtlenecks sidling up to me so they can "get to know me better"
Free bottle of tanning lotion when you add the tanning option to your membership!
is a great way to start a publishing effort, but need ideas to sustain long term success of project -
we love you!!!
Lincoln said "The probability that we may fall in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just."
dreamin in ground hog day mode
We aim to please here in Milwaukee. That's so fantastic.
#CongratsGarboAndParis So happy for you both!
HIRING: Senior #Java Developer for our Ft. Lauderdale Client- Named by SFBJ as one of the "Best Places to work in 2012" #jobs #worknplayinf…
That's what I want it for, too. Right now I scan in ink. It'd be nice to cut out that step and ink digitally.
Just discovered a real living genius. Feeling hopelessly inspired. Too much motivation and not enough trajectory.
my ass is numb from sitting for so long..
#BnBWed the deed is done. Now for Riff Raffs at 6
- I didn't play formally because my parents wouldn't let me before I got into music. But I was good at a lot of diff positions.
Reports that as many as 1000 fresh British troops have arrived in Halifax, Canada eventually bound for Boston.
Irie Sundays power session tonight, midnight to 2am. Reggae - Dancehall - Roots with .
how are you tweeting about it?
Waiting for 2 and a half hours in line for universal tickets?
I'm a student manager, Brandon. Student comes first!
Can't wait to see the #BoysOfWinter do it right. Slice 'em up, 'Cats.
Hou Hanru throws in flying airports, mobile birdcages and lions at check-in - good intro stuff for our Global Mobility panel
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are White bean soup and Carrot ginger. Sugar free Lemonade is Blueberry mint.
Hi Adam. You can add Applecare regardless of where your iPhone was purchased, as long as it is added within the first year.
HEY DID YOU EVER GET YOUR PERMIT
Pimps don't tweet! Pimps come get hyphie on a tight frozen straw-marg!!!! Yeah guy!
Gm ladies and gentleman.
hey! :) we will def follow you :) can you please check out our music on our Facebook and let us know what you think?
Yellow or faded headlights resurfaced back to their original clarity and brightness. Fresh new look for only $69 www.kingoftheding.com
pretty gaaayyy outfits
If watching #BiggestLoser makes me want to eat #cake, will watching #HomeBrewed #webseries make you want to drink a #beer?
damn to much verdi
you on that spam tip, that ain't cute!
You might be a musician if you are headed home for the night & the others waiting for the train aren't going home...they're going to work!
Looking forward to IFTF's Future of Science workshop #futuresci (my first time at Cavallo Point - beautiful)
What better place to take a huge shit then in one of our shitty rooms!
get your p.h.d first bro
I need a soak-off and pedicure badly.
got u “ followback”
but remember I love youu
You're wrong!!!
I just seen a 4 year old lil girl wearing atleast some 3" heels....
She reminds me so much of myself when I finished J-school. All the uncertainty & internship apps. Told her it always works out in the end.
"People w/ small targeted audiences are far more valuable than people w/ 100k untargeted audiences."
Happy Monday! New week, new success!
"Iam a man of science! Not soneones snuggle bunny!"
Home Bank wishes everyone a successful week!!
Our pleasure!!
Agree! RT : It may only be 60 degrees out in #PDX, but it already feels like summer!
Have a couple, you'll need it :P Be sure to have 3...or 4 for me :)
Where would we have to go to meet you?
thx!! have sc, but just added all the others to queue...
i got a nice view of these fireworks from my window right now
Yeah, thanks, It looks like a massively long quarantine getting back in. No fun for kitties or owners:(
You don"t need a degree in marketing or design to do this! Heck, you don't even need to finish high school!
Sony's CEO Hosts Corporate Strategy Meeting Conference Call for Overseas ... - Seeking Alpha
You have no idea how sad you make me.
If you use iTunes and have an android, you need to try doubleTwist
Timeless time: me talking on my phone while commuting to campus or in between meetings and classes
Pacers just gonna jack the Detroit Basketball chant? Just sub Detroit with Pacers?
Do you believe in miracles?
Amazing #mcn2010. Now to calm down, pack, and prepare to be underwhelmed by a long week of NARA training, DC looks cold, too.
You freak. (...I was just doing the same thing.)
who are you, Rob Lowe?
The dudes' dad texts me to report that a 7yo DudeSter has been planting cucumbers. He LOVES to #garden!
“: Have you registered for the #BrewersMini? How about registering for the #5KSausageRunWalk which would be a great training run!”
that awk moment when an ugly girl calls someone ugly and youre like bitch shut up. youre not pretty either.
I wish I was at the pool with but no I got me a final to take
Good luck on the new gig!
Olave is a beast. Straight up.
Dropping Dope tracks
tiny Yankee jersey.. I can see it in my head! <U+263A>
LOVE it!! RT : definitely!! Was tweeting about it a lot right after I sent in my ballot
S/O to miguel who performed in #NYC friday.He stated"yall know im from LA right."Then proceeds to play TUPAC.ugh PAC is from NY. Harlem baby
We win Monday???
you arent kidding. Ill definitely need to look into it for sure!
MANCHESTER CITY!
he's got a case of the "Rips"
will head there. Thx
never mind for some reason I'm being very unphotogenic.
“: Hey , , & - we are so ****** proud of you guys. Have fun tonight! We will be! #sportingkc #usmnt”
Calling it right now.. The will win tonight.
You just focus on getting well, k? We'll be here when you get around to it. <3 u!!
JUSTIN BIEBER = MY LIFE #BIEBERFOREVER please follow
eliott bout to call you. brandon that plays guitar
yes!!! plus, I HAZ MON-AYYYY!!!!! IM SO RIDING SUPER SHOT!
Im moving forward with my life without hesitation *Ms. Spicy
good morning to u. Have a wonderful day =)
game #7 lets go
ready for school to be over smh
it's going to be Awesome!!! Can't wait
Getting half decent at project management :)
I really dig TruMoo chocolate milk.
*tickle* Effective? ^_^
Wine and good friends.. Who could ask for more :)
Training myself on a grading rubric and keep hearing the instructor say "group think, we want group think"
mine too.
Im so tireeedd!
Dear car companies...i am glad you are doing well, but there are not really incentives for the average intelligent consumer to buy right now
you should be. Today we upset the number 4 team in the nation at their stadium
the not able to start issue can be resolved by killing the cronjob.
This may explain why we all became scholars rather than athletes: our ambitions for boundlessness...
I'm waiting for you outside of the school, come out already!
I really hate it when people retweet me but don't follow me. Its just as easy to click follow as it is to click retweet.
Today's attendance at Miller Park is 46,086. It's the second largest crowd for a #Brewers game in this venue.
: We are working to help libraries get the respect they deserve from publishers. Ask us how.
This evening, 6-7 pm, my Pilates class at Chatham Village's Clubhouse, in Mt. Washington!
"'Other than that, we are wonderful.'" --What a sentence.
I lost my Uncle to a heart attack a year ago from yesterday when Daniel lost his :c May just isn't a good month
that was one of the best spots i've seen in a while.
i adore the ricky gervais show.
Does watching Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy every night make me old?
African Wild Dogs AKA Painted or Cape Hunting Dogs
Beautiful day with the animals at
Why does everyone have an #OOMF ? Lmao
64 pack of crayons on the first day of school use to have niggas feeling G'd up, didnt nobody want that fuckin 24 pack! 90s Shit.
Pandora, I'm gonna need an A+ effort today
im an expert at making smoothies(:
"I was in Cincinnati performing w/the Orchestra there... I fell in love w/[Mahler] hearing the CSO perform it." -Nicola Benedetti
oh.my.word. don't even know u..but LUV the name of your book. my kind of gal...:)
I'm drinking coffe right now, and that pic still makes me crave another cup
Don't dwell on who let you down, cherish those who hold you up
Selby welcome to Kansas basketball!
Niles Community Calendar for the week of April 26, 2012
Sweet! RT : Win $25.00 gift certificates! Tune in this morning to 104.1 The Edge to win gift certificates to the store!
Sounds like a plan!
I suggest bagging commercial TV for a while in favor of PBS documentaries. Informative, entertaining, paced for relaxation.
Boom! Killed three more chapters with time to spare
be my kanye?<U+E405>
": Your lips may smile although your heart may cry."
i used .htaccess
YOU'RE A REAL AMERICAN IF YOU DONT CELEBRATE CINCO DE MAYO!!! #USAUSAUSA #PROUDTOBEANAMERICAN!!
January is Thank You month. TripRes would like to show thanks by offering $20 off any hotel of $200+. Use promocode THANX20. Ends 1/31.
~ Really enjoyed your interview on Colin's Show this am. A very candid Earvin. I Appreciate You Bra.
I didn't know that! #respectpoints for Andrew!
thanks dude! Glad u liked it ;) We actually have a brand new album coming out soon!
oh word haha I'm always behind....
When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future
Enjoy Good Friday with good Fish Fry, or Fish Sandwiches, and much more. We can deliver to your office, or to your house. In fact, we...
Only two more days until the weekend. I can make it!!
Just had a shrimp boil with my coworkers it was good times now I want to do a shrimp boil on the beach in Chicago...Happiness is upon me!!!
Gotcha! Good choice - I'm always impressed with their marketing projects. Hope you're well!
I will send it to you once I get the digital issue this week :) thanks!
Tonight #Overtime at alongside my mellow Mr Mention with the opening selections …
How do YOU know???
so precious
I will only parallel park if the spot is on my right.
alot of drinking,smoking,and fuckings goes on
Our contract is signed to provide an edible green wall for the new Pizza Mozza in Newport Beach in 2 mos. It's 230 sq ft. with 1300 plants
like - “: Don't tell kids "girls can be anything!" They wouldn't have thought otherwise- just raise them strong, dummy”
only when you are on the table
I got the drawing. Thank you it's on my fb profile. :)
oh awesome! i've been there i love it! i'm from India
Can't wait o see how you will be making my Web site look pretty!
Admittedly, I've never really understood, nor found endearing, the word "swoon"
Attempting to link facebook and twitter. I think all I have to do is type
thanks for the love today everyone! glad y'all are excited for the new cover :)
so gaga has got 23 million followers while bieber has got 20 million
just saw u at DWTS!
Absolutely! Great show!
I really hate basketball.
follow me ou god please
= most delicious treats = made to share! www.divvies.com
as tech improves, we need less people 2do things but what are people supposed 2do 2make living wages&pay 4healthcare?
Very day in shufflin
would you ever have like house parties or hangout sessions with fans? c: x & have you ever been to beech grove, indy? hehe;)
I don't understand why they made a movie sequel of Bourne without Bourne in the story. Never mind I like Jeremy Renner anyway.
2 ppl you seriously need to look up on iTunes:: Jordan Connell & Carrie Hill // you'll be so glad you did!!
RIP Ryan Dunn, he will be missed.
The pageant will be held at the Hilton Atlanta Northeast Hotel in Norcross, GA visit our website for more details.
That's the first time I could tell there was a crowd at
"She's way too fast.. I can't keep up.." *Writes* "Slow the fuck down."
Are you complete? Then you don't have a care in the world. Be the one you aspire to be and love the evolution that must take place
RT can't wait 2 come ply when I get to vegas
what'd you do?
Stupid stupid
Spring break > anything else
IM SO EXCITED !!!
Ladies of North Austin, Great Nails by HEB on Parmer & I35 is great. got a manicure with gel nail polish which lasts 3 weeks!
Ur talkin to a coach... I got a playbook for all kinds of situations [{GQ™}]
Thanks for the
FW IN 65 degrees..ah sun, the smell of warmth and sound of motorcycles. Windows open
Interactive tornado hunting via radar has begun.
The Death of Junior Seau reminds me why I don't mind most of the rules that the NFL is enforcing for safety.
Great definition.
Georgia bond <3
thanks Kel, it was crazy, but good :)
Really? You sure about that? Saving Face wins Best Documentary Feature!
All of you make me just want to cry... Why are you letting this hatred towards each other spread like the plague?
I want to get tatted now!!!
love it!
U always wanna fight RT : shut up!
Dam and I are screwed!
I can't make you love me if you don't. You can't make your heart feel something it won't.
home in austin!! and there are bats in the airport terminal!
On a whole new level.
If you're a fan, then you're my fam #Ka$hquotes
Bol!! Ize never sitz that way, but I do the sphinx pose.
#AlwaysRemember that people will forget what you said & what you did BUT they will never forget how you made them feel. Make people matter.
I talk crap about them all the time but yesterday i bought a retro phone for my phone lol
You already know. Afterhours is next! Secret location. Text 917.567.3808 for the password.
Little children stress me out....
RT : #Libras are extremely charming, very lovable, notoriously irresistible and definitely unforgettable. ;)
I had fun at the thunder game <3 now my mouth is killing me...I just want to see him...
Going to go sell plasma tomorrow
how old are you guys?? :)
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Why am I watching #FashionStar?
Did you go to school today Mikey? :o <3
Hey Whaen are you coming to #VEGAS? luv ya
Choose Life Hoodies will be restocked at Cafe Main in the coming week, keep checking our page if you're waiting.
no clue (kinda like the story of my life -- lol!)
I want to do stories like that! Lol
Sounds like an amazing day! Thank you for dining with us.
Yo! I would like to introduce you to and These are peeps you should know.
come on Seth, that's not true and you know it.
Everyone is getting all excited the Lebron is playing good but y'all know deep down inside he will choke in the playoffs as usual
Getting ready for the dance
And maybe you can call in sick, and bring it to the crib and get all this..
- \'spek-<U+02CC>e-ze\ loves bbq and jerk - do you deliver to San Jose?!?! - thanks for the follow!
Well Kasey fell asleep on me. Some friend.. Lol
Let's go ! Would love their help sending the to the playoffs.
I need to lie down...
come over ?;)
Can you follow me Mama Mahone? :) I'm a Spanish mahomies and I love so much Austin<3
RT: If they say they want space they lost interest...
Pussy been on my mind like crazy today o.o
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Case racin it
It's in the Strip District, on Liberty Ave at 25th. The Brake House Lofts.
People we are thankful for: the musical genius/theme composer
its all good..next time..
I like the way they match up though should be an interesting series. Do your boys pull it out tonight in game 7??
Just Go With It is so fun! A must see, especially if you liked 50 First Dates. Beautiful scenery of Hawaii and upbeat soundtrack.
If you are Pregnant & breastfeeding, consider eating more fish. They contain high-quality protein, are low in sat. fat, & contain omega-3's!
Howard Stern on America's Got Talent last night...great addition. I will have the overnights for you shortly and I am sure they will rock.
Counting calories like Rain Man.
what kind of collage?
I'm soo tired, my body is aching .
It would make my day if you'd follow me!
Good morning, all!! Monday, yes, but once we accomplish getting through Monday, anything is possible!!
Lazertag to with is the best 10 minutes of my life..
I'm pretty beyond it.
I've signed a petition against evil Evelyn's show she's supposed to come out with. I'm not ashamed to admit it.
Spontaneous Orange Leaf trip at lunch!
sounds like a good place to go muttering :-)
You cannot control what happens to you,but you can control your attitude.
lmao, i know i messed it up &, only you kay would bust me out lol
“: to get where you never been , you have to go in a new direction.” don't just go n the new direction with tha same old ways
So I might have been a little premature as we are back up and running only like 5 minutes after my last tweet.
Tonight shall go down in the journal of my life as the night I watched HBO's Carnivale Season 2 and drank Ginger Beer. And it was good.
yeah, the flight home was good. Hopefully I can get some grass in our yard growing for the kids when they get home
Wrapping up loose ends before leaving for Balanced Scorecard kick-off and Strategy Mapping workshop in Silver Springs for the next two days.
jeez M's, save some runs for tomorrow night. Only need to win by 1!
BTW what I've learned in your class is what is going to make our campaign a success. THANKS!
I will follow you... :)
Shout out for our fave TubeMogul at
Fascism is alive and well in Maine. Removing Julie taylor's artwork in a democracy that prizes freedom of expression is power gone mad.
9/6 CLAS & PDBA present OAS Series inaugural event with Secretary for Political Affairs Victor Rico
RT : It's a shame that when a musician dies my first thought is "Damn. Here come all the requests tonight" truedat
Its been a while since I've watched it too! I don't know what I was thinking haha :D
Everywhere i go, everyone i know. These memories will stay with me
Uh-oh...we need a day for that now? “: Uh oh! Is that true? ;-) “: Plugged in: Today's is National Honesty Day."”
I love how they totally gave up on the 15 and made the Green Line run every 10 mins
Seriously and Charles Barkley are hilarious. I could listen to them crack jokes all day.
wish you were a SuperSonic...
who is that?
I may not be the prettiest or smartest girl in the world but I still have feelings I'm not a stupid game you play!
In case you haven't noticed, I'm tweeting to keep myself awake through the last twenty minutes of this movie. Sorry.
Thx! And we miss you!
oh hey ceiling, yeah i'm just gonna stare at you for a couple hours
At Charleston Alliance luncheon on downtown redevelopment. Impressive!
My nickname according to Dustin is "Monkey" now -.-
1 good thing about working out east rather than the Midwest is that ppl have credit cards rather then prepaid card
My phone just went off so loud in class. All I hear is pettway's country accent on the video we took yesterday..
(c) Posts. See....I follow about 25 people on Tumblr (I have an account) And I automatically see the posts they make when I (c)
i can tweet you a pic of it! And off my for in tje book!
Capital to invest in any business type from seed to growth. Send funding requests to
if are serious 99% of du time,,, then ur on meeeaaaannn ass person :-/ :-/
Right on! However, it's sure gonna be hard to leave... but I miss my kiddos and my wonderful husband!
stop being such a suck-up tool
RT : RT : Kerry Washington's lips &gt; Megan Good's lips
Looking for a job in the IT Field? In Dallas/Fort Worth area? We have contract jobs all over! Please RT!
SAT word of the day: jubilant - (adj.) extremely joyful, happy
I've heard startups pitching investors at different coffee shops the last three days in a row … in Oakland and Berkeley
He had printed on his tombstone: What are you looking at?
I wouldn't be able to go for a jog if i was well, let alone now! i'll just lie here all day i think
A day in the life- beatles. Love the beats.
You may have already heard about Internet. Now you can try it for #FREE. Simply use code 2284749710fse thru 1/7/10
Getting something to eat before going out to hit up the gay strip in Dallas! Come join me it relaxing after a long week!
def needed some backup last night...
We offer free color consulting and free color samples to all of our clients.Call us for a free estimate and find out why "we love to paint "
I agree! When that happens, just put in my CD 'After Hours' and play along in your car.
well...it didnt really work...i'll try my best to keep my head up... thanks kelby
Well, my work computer just died on me I think.
congrats to my bro who was on the front page of the today...keep up the great work with !
With your "southern hospitality"...
that life, I'm bout // anytime that I'm out I be ballin like there's no timeouts ~ Fab, S.O.U.L Tape
In America, we will eventually have a President that used to play Pokemon as a child. Scary.
here is worth ..
My Math teacher leaves bcuz she was pregnant and due, 3 months later she comesback, 3 weeks later she leaves for good.
There's never a right time to say goodbye.
What Am I to do??
Lot of big car crashes over night.
The wine in SoHo was particularly good tonight.
I take that back you're not wrong we just have differing views I do like some rap but I devote my heart and soul to what is Metal
im so bored.
#NP Thinking about you - Frank Ocean ..
you gotta get glue traps man, no mercy!
Hey buddy. Your car has more noise than go!
cool i need to make a visit out there soon speak to u lata bro! Enjoy the rest of the day
I love Kayley!!!!!
Welcoming our newest member Jo @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
Yes, a long, heartbreaking goodbye, but also learning and sharing quite a lesson about love and living in the moment.
Watching "Hangover 2" this movie is crazy hilarious lmao!! Bout 2 watch "Killer Elite" & "Conan"!!
You're the cream cheese to my bagel, lol jk. I don't like cream cheese.
I can think of smarter ways to protest #CISPA than tweeting your Rep that you broke piracy law...
Not goin to paisley unless somebody has some tickets I can buy I guess my "friend" has other plans
( Or as we would say in Pittsburgh: May the Fourth be with you n'at!)
RT : Don't take the things God does for you for granted. Celebrate every little thing God does in your life!
may not be this weekend but in near future
Nothing better then buying some Snap Backs. (:
Great post Todd
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. - St. Francis of Assisi
Lunch at Blackwell on this beautiful day with
I hate goin out somewhere thats playing nothin but black music and these mugs have the nerve to look at u like wat u doin in here? thats cra
I feel like I should tell you that I'm reading (browsing? raiding?) your bookmarks.
Excellent. Thanks for the list!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Oh yeah, the mom looks like Precious.
Classic me. Trying to create an outfit to frame the scarf i want to wear tonight. Typical.
We're just getting started on Twitter. Who should we follow? We love #Milwaukee and #photography!
Since I got off the plane, Vegas has been nonstop awesome! :-D
"Come in to #PTs at Sunset & Pecos tonight! We're offering $1 Kam'ikaze shots, starting at 7pm. Say, Hi!" -Kameron
don't pull your pud
Great to have you and your beautiful music a part of the platform Michael! Your profile looks awesome!
Great! It's so warm here hahaha :)
RT : Okay is just 18 followers away from 40K.....
btw thanks for the sharing!
Joining the ranks of morning commuters for a couple weeks of training in the burbs. Kept road rage in check this am thanks to ! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
The weak never speak, the strong never run, & the people who are the hardest to love are the ones who need it the most;
hey do you need some DJ drops? Let's talk...I got you!
I am grateful.
But does he have ID to go along with that?
Have fun in Cali !!! No public intoxication this time <U+E405> love you!!
"Ad hoc" is sloppy sounding; "emergent" sounds smart
Haha I guess it's easier to spot the ones who had honest intention from the get-go right?! Time for bed, goodnight twitterverse. Stay classy
Years Almost Over .Thank You Jesus *Teacher From ATL Voice
message me please
You are welcome Thanks for the #ff and backatcha!
you had to say it!!
Back in Spokane after a few days down in California. Shooting some marketing material today.
Friday flashback jam: Sugarcubes - "Hit"
A Great Success: World Bank has a 70% failure rate with #ICT4D projects to increase universal access bit.ly/o75Bem RT
Editing today :)
The power of work supplied strawberry shortcake is compelling me through afternoon. Beyond that, I got nothing.
Happy #Halloween! What's your must-have trick-or-treat candy?
Should be the quote of the day everyday. I've been saying it all week.
Terrible foul call!
CA marriage bill called 'Trojan horse' for redefinition effort - Catholic News Agency
note to self: despite what I may think, reading directions actually helps put things together!
Close my eyes and move to the back of my mind, where worries are washed out to sea.
yup, I can see now why state abbrev. is confusing. Thnx for clarifying :-)
Omg guys please stop spanning me #that'snotsexy
Let the hunger games begin
That went down
Hello migraine. Oh how I hate you
I've been, overall, not a huge fan of the pre-marathon taper. But pre-marathon carbo-loading? Yes, please.
lol. The kept getting weirder & weirder. Wth. I'd be pissed if I was her.
anything of interest going on. Just joined but need to see some updates!!! Pleeeeeese! Thank You :)
Footrub for Terra. She deserves one. She pushed Cameron out of her vagina. If that doesn't deserve a footrub, idk what does
ha(: thank you!
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
loves me today. Lively debate in the offices.
Omg wwaio I can't. "This is where the gluestick comes in. Ugh this isn't very sticky I should've used cum."
Oh, is it 5pm? I don't even notice anymore.
she's in there... Just waiting to jump and bark!
Love how folk try 2 discredit the victim! Even IF #TrayvonMartin was high & started fight, #GeorgeZimmerman STILL should have been arrested.
I knew you'd understand...
MT : Follow today - Live tweets from #BrookingsNCI on the FUTURE of
MTV is GUILTY of exposing children to sex and drugs. MTV is also guilty of sexualizing children. i.e. SKINS U ok with MTV?
Thank you! Also, we have a library cat, a patron's cat who often stays after the patron leaves!
"Failure is not an option."
Maybe we will stop if you stop trolling, bitching, and being annoying
I only have a queen size! We cant all fit, one of you heffers gonna be on the floor lmao
I replied to your dm
Hopefully a summer tour will be announced soon (:
february break!
The shark movie is Deep Blue Sea. THE Deep Blue Sea is set in post-World War II London and contains almost no sharks at all.
It doesn't always gotta get physical....
Ohh you're sucha turd oh yeaah a giant turd And you look like a turd And you smell like a turd Ohh you're such a turd Oh yeaah
Damn.. what a bold statement! How did you know? Haha :P
still alive girl
Finally got the white #iPhone4. Loving it!
i do
Love the vampire Diaries RT if you do too :)
My pleasure! And thank you...
It's very gratifying when clients are delighted.
Yep! // RT : #NPtech Tip: Want more RTs? Make sure tweets are short enough to fit RT & username.
No response?! (Yes, I'm answering last night's tweets. Consider this an official IOU for birthday drinks.)
is pretty
I wasn't paying attention!!
Just be aware that they (like many of our items) are designed primarily for fashion & haven't had hardcore stress tests.
Shoutout to all the good fathers, middle finger to the ones who were never there for their kids.
Just made it to the gym thru crazy traffic! Oh, traffic signals out at some really big intersections! Yikes, police setting up 2direct
I need orange leaf or I'll die
Just realized you were in Va.Beach/Norfolk now. How's everything going?
...the young women looked at the world and who they were as people.
So am I my friend! I've never been and I'm a brand new NOLA resident recruited through Just tell me where to go!
My brother just accidentally just slammed his thumb in the car door. It's bleeding. He's walking around shouting and cursing and such.
Auditions in two days. 3 vital roles aren't filled.I don't have a stage manager. I do have a hangover. So how's your day?
Following the tweets from NOLA, I am upset about the decision I made to stay home. F money an decisions that need to be made being an adult
that's my friend! :)
hey granny i got it:) tell dad i said hi
that was a long time ago...
Looks like we wanted New Orleans but they offered a whole lot more and all of it was "as is".
Yes! 100% agreed! Thanks for the mention David!
IM NOT STUPID YU GON TRY AND JUMP ME G NBS
As much as I would LOVE to see you in concert... I can't leave my mom on Mother's Day. I know you'll kill it!!! Come back to Denver!!
omg! Thats the worst. Bed time! Loool!
TWITTERCONDA (THE BIGGEST SOCIAL NETWORK THaT WON'T GO DOWN)
can seriously get anythign to trend JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES !
Check out TripDibs for super low rates, lock them in now!!
all-time faves “: Never too early, what is tonight's topic? #foodiechats”
#3WordsForYou; "Baby Got Back."
yes they should
Better retire early tonight. Big day tomorrow. Not really. Just tired. Goodnight from the Gill
I litter.
try Binnys we are in most of their locations! If not they can get it for you.
Good skate sesh with an now time to chill at tha casa
How many #licks does it take to get to the center of a #sandwich? hm...why dont you make me one and ill find out!
nice video! I just started tracking hashtags w specific words Such as #needlogodesign Is that what u mean? Im a twitternewbie
It's sad to think, a bunch of people don't know the Lord as there personal savior.
Frederick Douglas was a republican for a reason. The democratic party has always been the Jim Crow party. 4
Excellent news! You deserve it!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 48
haha nice to know(:
sweet! definitely doing it next payday can't believe I just noticed Either getting #Indians jacket or a pestano & smith shirt
Oh yeah, brother. 24/7/365. I live it! The only thing that keeps me sane
OMG STOP -.- I WAS ALMOST ASLEEP GIRL
If stuff gets to crazy you might have to shoot
yay! So happy for you. Cant wait to hear all about it.
yes! Thanks. I wonder how many likes I could get on a picture if he posted one of me.. lol
that's my shit from 2000 to now...
have fun man
good luck man!
Sitting in on Sue Polanka at #flacon2012 Getting schooled on ereader device checkout and ebook lending.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "you're my bestfriend" dont believe in friendship!!!!
Ted Valentine's real timing is pretty bad, but his comedic timing is spot-on.
Thank you so much Lindsay! :)
Sweet! UNM set up the no parking signs on our street for gathering of nations.
Im still going...its about portion control
Every muthuh fucker that uses a cross walk thinks they're the fucken king and take their time.
On Thursday morning ... I'll have an #NFL slideshow of "Fantasy Football's 16 Best Running Back Combos"
Thanks for spreading the word!
Thanks for the
m…burgers
Interesting. I think I'll try the 14-day trial.
Yes. Print isn't dead.
Osama Osama Red Pajama.
district is not "narrowing curriculum" but our resources are diminished with budget shortfalls
My bad. Any cool videos coming before the end of the week?
A Bitch Nigga That's That Shit I Don't Like
Overheard in my apartment: "Hey, what's the minimum order for wings tonight?"
If I could I'd fly out to New York in .9796 seconds to see you, but I can't. :(*sigghh*
Yes! My first practice!
don't forget bandages for blistered feet! Enjoy ALA ladies!
Invites You! 60mins b4 "Create The Ultimate Life Via iZigg 90210" Conference Call 712.432.0075 | 972120# Go Mobile! Be Free!
#notafan of people still playing the race card. People are racist get over it!!!!!!!!
Just seen a fucking midget.....0_o
It's like my baby is all grown up! MT : May get to 100 tweets - are you proud?
All by myself. i Dont wanna be all by myself!!!!!
#TeamFollowBack what up...? #TGIF we made ot thru another week in this
RT : Speak out for the arts & arts education. Sign the Culture Counts petition!
When McDonald's brought its Big Mac to France, it translated to the name "Gros Mec," which actually means "big pimp".
I like e!
Add rotors! RT : Increase the displacement of a piston engine with a stroker kit but how can you do that in a #rotary engine?
thank you ! Will give it a go!
There's a different dub cast?
My hungover self just laid my gatorade bottle down in my truck..without realizing I didn't have the cap on. Good thing I bought two..
A GROWN FOLK'S EVENT!PURE ROMANCE PARTY DEC.11TH 6525 WALZEM RD. 21 & UP B.Y.O.B HAVE FUN PLAYING GAMES AND CHECK OUT THE ADULT TOYS!!
#20ThingsAboutMe i'm too awkward to function
thanx for the follow
We're in the process of writing and recording our full length. Anyone excited?
Hear that. It's like you've never left the park before, never gave a warning. Crazy darn kids.
Nice suit, you are gonna play nice like that suit is tomorrow, Go Bills!
Disney's 3D is so remarkably subtle and Dreamwork's is so in your face! We love 3D and its so here to stay!!!
Kerry Wood, meet the closer's role (yet again)?
Oh, Chicago. You've got 30 minutes to get to the DIY Trunk Show at Broadway Armory. The first 150 shoppers get a free goodie bag.
I'm pretty good at self sabotage as of late.
RT if you want a followback?
RIP Mr. Fowler. You inspired several to be a better student, but more importantly, to be a better person. We miss you.
I hope you all had a great trip!
yes, I saw that and quite fancied it.
Hey - you should come to ! Abs and I are here!
Purchasing a reserved AMI. Hoping somehow it just gets applied to one already running.
I am so proud of everyone that MATCHED 2day - CONGRADS - you worked hard to get where you are now!!!! Keep up the good work!!!
Thanks! \m/
Shout out from the divas..the whole stampedn tonight
lol - small world! Did you manage to see waeclipse? Got too cloudy just before totality here in Everett.
@ westside sports bar and grill kiss costume contest Rock and roll all night baby
I don’t think I could possibly make you doubt yourself any more, unless you have the unnatural talent for being wrong most of the time.
Glad to be a part of the fam! :)
no, I will not feed into your drug addiction. fuck off.
Heard through the grapevine that some find us uninspiring. Same could be said for ALA.
Someone to nap with.
I DON'T SEE HOW PEOPLE SLEEP ALL FUCKIN DAY
dear god that took forever haha so what time will you guys be back?
Chuck Norris does not use spell check. If he happens to misspell a word, Oxford will simply change the actual spelling of it.
RT : The longer you have to wait for something, the more you will appreciate it when it finally arrives.
Apologies in advance for this tweet influx. Blame work...it keeps me away from my beloved blue birdie.
"... the brand that owns coffee owns breakfast." - Debbie S.
i will once you stop posting so much shit about Morgan ^__^
I've used it before & I like it but I basically bought this bottle of Sriracha because it's the Pabst Blue Ribbon hipster-hyped hot sauce.
Amid a sea of window washers being billed as "high-level sources," Journalist should know that Fake David Boren never goes off the record.
I the donk of all donks!
school funding fails, energy profits at all time high, middle class shrinking, wealth disparity, & u want to import skill?
AUSTIN KILLED IT !!!
So I'm ready. Just put on my yellow and gold sweatshirt. Now...we wait.
Oh my gosh... We're on the ghetto prom bus!!!
well duh. You open everything in your sleep. I don't expect responses anymore. Hahaaaha
Silly turnovers and missed layups killing the
Take a guess.
Take me out to the BALL GAME!!
doesn't follow anyone. No, he really doesn't, it says 0.
I could just goto bed and save myself the stress of the next few hours
most demos are just locked versions of the full game
Who the fuck is this Riley guy.
Eyes on the prize RT
Guilty Involuntary manslaughter
I love you.
Today is national pie day. What is your favorite pie?
anybody wanna hoop? outside court by the dorms is calling my name
#JackMcBrayer (aka Kenneth on #30Rock) was on my public bus yesterday in Chicago! I tried to speak, but words came out wrong! :/
lots of silly people are trying to do that, including WaPo.
i would just ruin my life all over again
hey can u go follow my new GERL group we goin live with ray ray on the phone n tell people bout use go.....
Oh I love you!..please marry me..are you a widow? Was your husband rich?..Answer the 2nd question 1st.. Groucho Marx
barley going home, chemistry is fucking hard I hate it. -.-
This has been more like a divorce with #FCP #Apple. The settlement took months LOL
great, looking forward to it!
I don't think there is a "decision"! She can do what she wants... just don't judge parents who do things differently!
Did u see RenitaCasting's tweet about Mexican actors? Check it out.
Fellow Drexeler Michael Scheuermann is up now, he's the VP of IRT
Ion know weird
Napoleon Dynamite
It's easier to go down a hill than up, But the view is much better at the top. ~Henry Ward Beecher
If hair grows an inch a month, then this 6" long gray hair I just found can be directly attributed to this home buying/selling process.
I have a feeling its about to rain.
Yum, tonight! Thanks to our delivery guy for braving the rain to bring us deliciousness!
come get some!
Burn. RT : I would DL Doodle Jump instead of streaming Kevin Durant's shot, too
I'm apparently a model citizen. Wow.
So far it is a good day, now lets hope some Stupid person doesn't come in and mess it up
Still looking to invest in a fabulous new coat for #bm09. Suggestions welcome for vintage/thrift stores in NYC. Prefer to buy, not craft.
LA is amazing..
welcome back
I love my job
My very first tweet is to Joe Scarborough calling him & Peggy Noonan out for their Obama love, & he blocks me. Is this normal?
hope you feel better
im soo bored!!
Ah why are tacos so delicious? They're making being a vegetarian very difficult. :/
make sure the style.css has content in it
One good turn gets most of the blankets.
you need to get more twitter savy thats why. haha. You are indeed following me now. :)
she looks beautiful:)
"By the way, I have only a laypersons knowledge of copyright so I don't know what I'm doing" True for so many
LOL!!!!!!!! I was thinking the same thing earlier tonight
Oh, man. Smuggler's Cove. Enjoy. You weren't planning on doing anything Sunday morning, I hope?
ur Fucken awesom!! I'm so sorry I broke ur crystal wine glass
Thanks! I switched from dairy to soy, from red meat to fish, cut out processed grain, upped the yoga & added step/weights!
This Apple stuff is so GOOD..
Will be using for some inspiration today. Great stuff!
you both know comments like that will always make my day
IT'S SATURDAY! Come in for our 1/2 priced bottles of wine, oh & SURF & TURF!! :)
Sitting at #SFO airport waiting to board my flight to Thailand.
Does anyone use the iPad VGA connector with their iPad 2? If so, does the connector seat in all the way until it snaps?
"I love to read because it helps me learn more & encourage me to do stuff, & helps me find words." Rowen Elem 3rd grader
It's a really bad idea for me to be studying more than a day in advance. I think I'll stop now.
: What are you waiting for? GO GO GO! #1DVDcaptioncomp #1DVDforme 1DHQ x
all of it hahaha. Are you gonna do what you told me you were gon' do tomorrow?
oh ok thats good :-)
Mention as many times as possible between now & Friday, April 20th to enter to win 's 'Faithful to Believe' DVD
Correction: performance will be from 9-12 tonight.
Joline Blais: severing family (separating extended families) creates taboo, topics we have forgotten how to discuss
Yes! Hopefully very soon!
Good morning. Thank you for the follows:
All frameworks have their limitations.
thank you gangsta!!:):)
Great workout!
Kyle Orten and the Chief about to pull off a HUGE upset. Wtf
loo thanks jerry
same to u boo
Thanks buddy! On a related note, we're back to thinking that gasoline and a match are our best landscaping tools.
Movement to the Middle! It's about time!
When find someone good, dont go lookin for someone else
its all urs!! U can also have the flap of skin with my #Pisces tattoo :)
Coconut Macaroons? French Macarons? Cake Balls? Mini Pies? What's the next "it dessert"? What do you think?
“What is reality?” ~ Ramtha
we wish we would too! Hopefully over the summer :)
man..only been doing rifle for a total of 30 minutes since #winterguard ended, and i already have a bruise on my hand!
I seem to have exhausted the world of both humor and inspiration. Nothing to do but go back to bed, hope to feel better tomorrow.
Big game for #Badgers on Saturday night plus the brewers play in game 1 of #NLDS. To call off or not to call off....
Great post. Thanks for sharing :)
meh, Bravo could help SKC much more than what he can do for Cruz Azul. You know I love both teams :(
yes, yes I am.
Shouldn't have stayed up till 4! I need a red bull
I believe he can do it!
Too tired to function
Just received the greatest valentine from my bestie ! Love her too much!!
So bored I'm horny. How does that work.
Really looking forward to Boston-Miami in the Eastern Finals, you guys.
You're an over achiever & destroyed that exam.
Do you following world's junior men's hockey? Pretty good games lately, Russia and Canada are the best!))
If a dream is a wish your heart makes, and I sleep text you, it's probably a really good thing!!! Right?
"Can I help you, Nate?" "No, just looking."
#SuperBowl I mean halftime show could have been worse.
accidently pulled the hem out of one of her favorite skirts. faculty meeting. then hair appt.
Welcome aboard! RT : We are really excited to now be a part of the movement... Woot!
Selling getting up, going to the gym and exercising every day takes a real marketing genius
&quot;the space as a catalyst for making things happen&quot;
speech/language tx=art & science discover new ways to improve communication >connections+quality of life++;D
I saw your posts about locker today because I follow uwathletics. Then noticed your last name and I know of your dad.
TGIF! What better way to enjoy than at a bubbly tasting? Tonight 5-7pm. $5 to taste three. No RSVP - just stop by!
long week. we're open for business.
and they give us a hand ball? bullsit!
So I was just washing my hands in the urinal and...wait, hold on a second
aha yes but this year Steve novak
Okay love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>, btw were hanging out this summer !
We're on a spinning ball in the middle of space, love your toes down to your face...
Korine's segment w/Val Kilmer was great, def the highlight of the film. The rest, not so much. The dogma rules wuz too broad
whatever , want.even like that . But yeah worry bout ya own rude
I need some sunshine!!
That probably shouldn't have happened.
getting a little frustrated, but im going to just smile and pretend to not be!
????and what might that be woman
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x9
Gwyneth is....stunning.
hey, Tessa. Thank u 4 following.
I have the power; I prefer the authority.
When a girl is silent, she's either over-thinking, tired of waiting, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
The big day is approaching quickly save 40 percent and sign now
you know I do. You know what I mean tho Summer in lville is just not the same as school year. I'm sure ppl at UK feel the same
Complaining is good for you as long as you're not complaining to the person you're complaining about.
we agree! Thanks!
If you agree that #RickSantorum wants #MittRomney to lose so Rick can run in 2016, pls RT
least I won some money
Solar "Green" Home For Sale in Denver!! www.4820KingStreet.com
space is the place. Monday night n me.
Only one team can play defense at a time in this game.
I think JAM is one of my all-time favorite words! I don't think I use it enough!
My tummy hurts from lauging to much!!
Grad rate at Mooresville was 64 percent, now 91 percent
I'm so tired, my son who is recently diagnosed is beginning to stay up all night
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & THE GIN HALL HUSTLERS ****
Listening to the soundtrack of the musical 1776 while #amwriting . Such good stuff. May my wife refuse my bed if I can't deliver as I said!
adding your stuff to my todo list.
that awckward momment when in your last tweet you ment fucking but it autocorret changed it to tucking
#cauldronafterdark very happy about all the praise for the Cauldron from ESPN! "Loudest fans in MLS"
You can say it all And I can bite my tongue
Night twitter;)
Thanks for all the encouragement! !
Red Sox win! Woo
tellem RT : HEY MOSQUITOES, NO ONE LIKES A THIEF.
so if you and the boyz come to boson I will be the most happiest person on earth, I will cry.<3
Shout out ta da lil bro fa having lil b album reserved...#SWAG haha
Bout time the bobcats won lol
yo you are rated up 100%. You even got tatoos on Utopia of your head that's crazy. Why so many?
#bigomaha: Can't imagine there aren't a few of you who aren't Ultimate Frisbee nuts. Admit it: Who brought their disc?
I just love how you continue to hurt me, and we aren't even talking anymore.
make it a double shot
He went.
Pumped up kicks just came on the radio. #Old #Lol its my mom's ringtone.
Scratch previous tweet. We cannot #follow anyone. WTF #Twitter?????
I have no idea...I got home at 3:30am
polish kielbasa with green peppers and onions
Pants schmants. I'm aiming for authenticity!
hey (: it'll mean alot to me if you folloow me back <3
that was super fun! I am off to eat some kisses!
He Ate My Face Lmaao And You Just Sat There.! <3
That awkward moment when you see someone you want to be friends with becaue you think you're just like them.
that isn't a comforting thought -_-
Well, I'm also really nice to people. Let's see where that gets me. Check back in.... Seven years :)
Love all of y'all!! <3 Sorry I was a party pooper and left early.
ikr. Best one I've seen in a long time
#celebrityapprentince penn can't really be mad at adam.He was PM & took responsibility for his team.Not his fault Trump gonna fire 2.
#CYBERMONDAY Free Shipping plus 15% off coupon... www.ChristianGiftsPlace.com
Preparing to move and realizing I don't have as many boxes as I thought
what % of GOP agree with #GOPWarOnWomen?
My heart leaps up when I behold a rainbow in the sky
Duddee I could really use some nachos
I want to be like Tommy Lee and have my own Starbucks in my house with a sweet little barista to make my day!
see you shortly
Scroll over video screen to access full screen
Lost's final season begins tonight. I am SO excited!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet my bed <U+E13C><U+E011>
please don't :(
If stress burned calories, I'd be a supermodel
I forgot you were my hero James Brown. Can you forgive me?
Don't talk my tweets wrong, its only comedy!! Dumbie!! hahaha
What even is a dickhead?
I agree that answering every question with "great question!" is ineffective. It's annoying too. Save for truly great questions.
Scary!!! How about telling us what part of Speedway.
Happy Leap Day! Enjoy!
From my Twitter poll it looks like the worst film ever to win a Best Picture #Oscar is "Every Film That Ever Won a Best Picture Oscar."
anytime lady :-)
The Skylight Music Theatre presents Thursday in the Ward with Wine. Eat local artisan cheeses, sip wines, & enjoy a show!...
Thank you, Stephanie... very much! We're still OK, 20 miles away yet, just a bit smokey. Looks to be a long season!
Death: Take my hand.. Person: No! I know that if I touch you I'll die! Death: OMG you're so smart! High Five! *Person High-Fives*
I agree! Mary's dresses are the best. I also want Matthew and Mary to get together already. Also Bates & Anna.
To put it simply: heck yes. RT : Is it safe to say you're loving it?
you guys don't even follow your favorite driver?!
Less bummed about missing out on Warped this year being that is playing in Toledo on 9/16 :)
how are u
oh good, I can finally sleep well at night, knowing that you're protecting me.
i miss !
Poor Rory. Epic meltdown.
Fresh out the shower !
haha. He's worse than me :) and maybe part of the reason for my obsession!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
Rain this week-end......it doesnt rain in L.A.
or he...maybe xD
my pleasure! thanks for coming!
i need to go to a believe concert. now.
Mary will be dropping in today to inspect your room. April Fools! Fab Show! Saw it 3 times!!
also i'm packing, so i'm terribly cranky anyway.
I need to buy a Galaxy S2 for da low... Wassup?
Cloud Hosting Can Be Good For Both Small Along With Huge ...
I saw the movie Dysfunctional Friends. I though you did a wonderful job. I love that type of role on you. Great job.
Being sick totally sucks. =(
As the adventures of Robert Downey Stark frequently teach us, it's not work if you do what you love.
No old lady just cause YOU told your granddaughter it's ok to pet my dog doesn't mean it did!!
Morn. 1st class down.
Oh Hells Yes!
At best, he'll have some paternalistic, scolding message to the Black community. At worst, he'll "Willie Horton" us like Bush
Karon Butler look like he model Bluetooth headsets in his spare time.
Welcome, Publisher.
TURN HATE INTO MOTIVATION FOR SUCCESS AND LIFE IS GOOD
Uhh. I must not be dorking enough? "New NO in Jedi?" No comprende :(
Bringin' the PBR skateboard tonight! Come out to #tnnpbrtuesday to win!
i just realized i never actually said happy birthday to u yesterday,so happy birthday i wuv you and i get to see u tomorow!
For some reason they ate less when they hated blacks and had more access to plaid.
In other news, about 5 Cobb Police cars hittin' up the neighbor's house right now.
I disagree, but that's cool. I'm not going to tell you that you're wrong for liking it. I like that you like it.
Waiting for new season of ABDC!!
Make someone smile today:)
also, remind me to tell you the awesome thing I want to tell you tomorrow.
And don't get me started on the kerning! ; )
it was 2 am lol its early but i had places to be in the morning
did you not need to upload your poster on Monday?
The hashtag for those who couldn't attend #ala11 is
i have that one tapped to my computer
Well that was quite enjoyable... the dash of sexiness (aka ) didn't hurt. I'm hooked.
This child is a survivor!
darn that wouldve been fun. We had Football practice till 6:30 tho
Smoking weed under star projectors
#fashionadviceneeded Cell phone in pocket or belt holster?
in addition to Favorite there should be a "I also find this frustrating" button.
hockey is this sport where they have this little white ball, 3 bases, one home....oh wait
MT : A3: Driving conversions is key for us. Conversion usually means diff things to diff brands.
of what?
i went out of the house and saw a black car i blinked and it was gone
Purging. "Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful or believe to be beautiful." William Morris.
Losing my mind
What I would most enjoy in imaginary Shazam-type apps though would be an "Identify the regional accent" one.
The fog was really cool in my neighborhood this morning ... appeared to be stuck in one person's backyard
sorry I am so "e" dumb, i am seeing your work on the site
Is this the same req over and over or are these multiple spots?
Go Team Holly!(:
Were the ladies at
Today, March 1st is World Compliment Day... Figueroa Philly Cheese Steak has the best fans ever!
yeah and it's all coming true.
Congrats on Trooper! What age kids will MS have?
When somebody tells you nothing is impossible, ask him to dribble a football. ~Author Unknown
the kills were all exact. Her first direct kill was the raid at the Cornucopia, tho -- fighting for the backpack/meds. 2nd was mercy
Uh-huh...sure!! "For kids" Hey, I'll always be a kid, will get it on next grocery excursion.
I'm sorry I had to be the one to tell you. :(
I can't wait to see what you do. I loved the photos of her nursery!
If only you saw what I can see; you'd understand why I want you so desperately... <3
About to get silly in the name of cancer research!
Art show tonight at Bedouin Vintage Collective. Art from Dion Terry, Jason Feather & Michael Amorillo. 2621 El Cajon Blvd. Starts at 6pm.
it's not bob marleys birthday
my mind is being blown so far!
Send the unfinished package to me..Love M&M's
they some lil dumb hoes!! RT: These young bitches got no sense"
Hm, wondering how #NFL selected Payton as the scapegoat for something that was probably widely practiced?
Finally updated to OS X Lion. Trying out this new Twitter app from the app store. What?
AWESOME BECAUSE LOUD BURNHAM MUSIC ROCKS!
There should be. I think toes spend a lot of time being traumatized.
Wise actions are stronger than wise words
you… wat. I can't count the ways carmageddon has amused me & brightened up my day as an angsty teenager. <3
RT in the building!!!
how many tickets could I steal from you for tomorrow's Nuts game?
Why the hate for riley cooper . You can all shut your faces.
Might get in trouble at work for this dress I'm wearing... We shall see.
Home-made chana masala, a tripel, and some grainy bread. Ready for the rest of the day.
Time to eat i was STARVING
thanks for your support, see you this afternoon
alright =) your a great singer.
We are so excited to share more music with you all. When our Facebook gets 500 likes, we'll post more music! Tell your friends! :D -Jenny
you know you're from Madison when you read #badgirlsclub as
I know! Isn't it? Glad you're liking it!
oh hi
Bryce Harper just flat out hustles 100% all the time.
Everyone has a fair chance to be as great as he or she wishes to be
OMG STOP IM FREAKING OUT ARE YOU SERIOUS OMFG I NEED THE FLIGHT INFO OMFG IM DYING
Stop in today for our Sunday Brunch Buffet until 2:30! Prime rib! Eggs Benedict! Biscuits & gravy and much more!
when's the next time he is playing live?
Thank you! How did it go?
Not really a big Don't Knotts fan.
leave me alone nigga
Bitch you get no love(:
Of course - we adore it!
I guess? By Stephens Coll and Lee Elem on the southeast corner of downtown?
I need to get my tweet game up. I'm still in the 100s lol
#PeopleNeedToStop remaking oldies but goodies and start making original material.
So much for squealing over politicizing things like this. 224185-obama-campaign-suggests-romney-would-not-have-launched-bin-laden-raid
Congrats boosie. God works wonders. Your music is still terrible tho
It has to be! RT : I actually feel bad for Kerry Wood right now. I'm sure this is miserable for him.
I want to know why there's no Marshmallow setting on this microwave.
ur siblings set of an alarm lol
PAGAN! (not to be confused with the religion)
I hate rainy days...I just wanna stay tucked under the covers
You would be amazed at what anti-virus software can't kill. I have up to date protection, but these new viruses....
Good actors can sort of see into people and immediately you have a chemistry with them or not. It's like an affair with no mess. John Cusack
Remind your friends and family to go vote Jackie Walorski for Congress this Tuesday!
the more the better! lets all line up!!!
Last day to Out Write Janet - send your word counts in to Joy tomorrow!
Glad you like the concept! Have you been to any of the places on the list?
: In Camden, NJ 5% of patients account for 60% of costs. Is this typical? Hauntingly, we don't know.
you know you want to see a bunch of wussy folk rockers try to play Call Me Lightning.
My peppermint piccolos are off key.
Great job today!! Good seeing you! See you Thursday morning!
Manzano Mile!!! April 2nd. Kids can run the Future Milers race for free, get a tech tee, and meet Leo Manzana. Register at manzanomile.com
Can't wait to see what's in season this year on the beach farm
“: What you give is what you get. My daddy said that and I'll never forget. –Tiana (Princess and the Frog)”
- Thanks for the update, fellas, and for all the work you do.
we couldn't agree more!! Or a nice Garnacha and some Coffee Toffee, or a nice unoaked Chardonnay and some milk chocolate!
I haven't played spades since Harriet Tubman was in 3rd grade
Lmao, yes that place
Inst-archive?! RT : We've found the future of journalism: newspapers coming out on Instagram
Let's go OKC!
that amazing writing moment in Lost? What season? I'm getting close and I dont wanna miss it! :)
no countertops to make anything on
Sure! Thanks.
What is your favorite song from the 90's?
Life's too short to be stressed! Whether you visit us for some pampering or just spend time meditating, make sure you get some you-time.
I miss you!!!
FYI: Now 8 of the 15 seats are spoken for at the Sat. April 7 #NOLAEats dinner at Borgne. RSVP required, no-shows will be given wedgies.
#ThingsMyMotherSays (or used to) my momma used to say "yum-o" like Rachel ray did whenever she tasted something she liked.
Awesome Mention, Thank U! #FF Love
Eli just said, "Momma, I've been playing this guitar for 40 years." He is so silly, he must think he's an old man!
RT : Superberry and Clear Mind kombucha by Brew Dr. are on tap in the juice bar.
follow back? :D
Go on a trip with the wife and don't bring a tux!
<U+FFFD>The common reputation of Twitter is that it<U+FFFD>s frivolous, which isn<U+FFFD>t the case
Won't be product of my environment give me some time my environment will be product of me
So excited to pick Robbie up from the airport today! I see Mime and Dance being integrated into the next week ;)
Thanks for the RTs.
Now blasting music
Quinn the Eskimo.......again
No Adele, but there *may* be singing involved. Details in development.
That would be epic
Thanks for the RT!!! Honoring my nephew on my journey!!!
I have more tweets than followers. Does that make me a loser?
Good morning! It's. Friday!
Cooper dealership in Ann Arbor to be acquired by Columbus, Ohio, dealer - Detroit Free Press
Watching go from their old cottage to a brand new studio. Kind of inspiring, very cool. Been watching since TechTV.
no but i'm definitely flipping between TBN and
Omg I want Starbucks
So give us some legislation to consider. Now there are 2 options: HR 1254 or synth marijuana next to candy bars & bubble gum
I think it's a great time to book one of the DJ's
why Erica face look like a big toe though?
Pacers closing out
I hate saying goodbye to my best friend and not knowing when I'm going to see her again :(
#gettoknowyourfollowers week can you tell us more about your gallery?
are you planning musical gifts for christmas? we can help if we know early.
Hey I wish I could meet you. And this is crazy. But follow me maybe? Sincerely,
sounds like you are stuck in 1996
Hahaha! Thankfully my taste in music isn't THAT bad!
2-WAY SMS can drive engagement/behavior change. Txt QUIT to 47848 to see how helps reach teens to
not true...but look like him tho
Love love love love love. That is all.
Lots of artificial legs walking round Seattle-2 in 10 mins. High %age vets?
Vacation means not having to be dressed at 10:30AM. I need more of this vacation thing.
Did you make it to #SloPigMKE last night?
Boredom is very dangerous!
Hello new mercies
I need to invest in a nice leather portfolio. Yikes, next paycheck?
my buddy got a big mouth she wasent suppose to say that lol im abaut to dm u
text me a picture of the bin
No more Nene and Melo getting coach's fired (or resigned) It's like Christmas!!!
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
WILD WEDNESDAYS at BROADWAY BAR !!! IT GET GOOD, COME SEE FOR YOURSELF !!!
I told you some would be sitting on their anti-Mormon bag of slings and arrows until Romney secures the nomination. Here it comes. Problems!
Can't stop listening to especially the song Can't Wait
If your shirt covers up more of your thighs than your pants do, A) there's a problem and B) you're a hoe.
"we gon' get the FBI up in here to shut this place down!!!" haha
Who's quote is that?
what happened to it?
Hey now all we need is a 'beer planet' with a pizza moon orbiting it and I'm set!
Our meal at on Mon night was delicious. Prosciutto wrapped figs--wow. Thanks and
Just checked it out. Love it! But don't think there is a way to use it for Pages. : /
You want the truth? You're a short, fat, ugly ho.
#AGirlDeserves someone to love n so does a guy
Don't worry. #Eagles got this. This a 4 quarter game. Oh, wait.....
#ff The hottest new artist
Ah but my girls tho haha killin ...Ah ...Champions?
i love my CPD 150 class. we have so much fun in there. :)
hello Alex (:
Hope you get that job!! I'd hire you to do it if I could!
Wear new clothes. And get a... No, hang on... You should have gotten a haircut yesterday.
Not getting power from your pressure washer? Clean the tips. What a difference it makes.
well thank you :) and of course I will <3
I dunno but I want to go there, light a candle or something.
A 5.8 magnitude earthquake just struck Virginia. Felt it here in Washington DC.
Mike miller looking like billy hoyle. Lol.
I used to always wish my name was Haley. I'm being a hater. Bad girl! :P haha
you really aren't sold on the iPad yet? What about the Fire? I love both of mine. LOL! Have a great weekend my BFF
aw girl I am absolutely loving it here thanks! I will visit as soon as I get the chance I promise!!!! <3
just follow
text me cuh
Hi, Wednesday? Please be nice to me.
I'm still in shock.
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
going to HEB to buy cantaloupes
they got a police escort. Should be there now
Very different perspectives between #Obama and
For sure. Gale has been on my list for a long time.But the source DB may be the trouble today (EBSCO) or the SFX knowledgbase.
Cosign!! Take the verbal beating like a man! It's a sign of disrespect when u don't give the winner props.
LOVEE Hollywood Dream :) awesome job.
Time is priceless, so don't waste it.
Def a bit more sacred. DEF RT : Marriage is as Sacred as a Record deal contract ...
#Mavs have survive 3rd to have a chance to steal one
Today's featured man candy: If he was a candy bar he would be a Mr. Goodbar, if you know what I mean.
Working on Nike commercial all night long. Hope I can stay awake
spencerkanemusic is my screen name. u on SKYPE now?
y he wanna a brother so bad he 2 talkin bout n damn brother
literally so fucking exhausted
Big cheers as the black team's Smith & Justice are introduced
Jeeze Penny is such a major bitch!
I'm craving fried tofu in brown sauce, egg drop soup, and veggie spring rolls. Agh, sounds so good right now.
don't you listen to WWL? C'mon girl.!
Tha people yew love tha most can play two sides ov tha fence too...
Wolf: "Why would your wife make the best first lady?" Newt: "Which one?"
the Spur of the game lastnight.. I told you I follow you on twitter..Haha
it's sponsored by #meetup at #meetup. is going to present too. should be fun. let me know if u have q's
I'll be there Fri and Sat all day if you can make it back by
That's really sad
aren't you adorable standing up for a homophobic flopper. full credit for beating us for the first time in five years.
Florida is awesome
Tune in to at 2:30pm! Dr Heather will be discussing Keratin Enhance and Collagen Enhance with
Watching the Blues Bros. Eating Home Run Inn pizza. Now all I need is a green river soda
More library tours... the Reference desk can help you find any References that you need!
Today's Black movie of the day is "Red Tails!" Yes I already saw it but this time I'm going with my youth group at church.
I could listen to Mike Tyson talk all week
someone from Henrietta was number 5 in the draft I heard.
Rolling a blunt wish I had someone to smoke it with..
The cove is my New favorite place to eat NOW.
Broke my silence, but I still supported the cause.
Look at my wall. My status updates show there, but not on the public wall. Strange?
Shut the hell up! Your not a no body fool! Your beautiful, smart, sexy, and if you don't know you've been bless, Dam you!
hi thanks for the message. I have messaged u on fb. Let me know when is good time to talk. Thanks for reaching out :)
That's that Sarah palin....
please tell me your kidding...
Go Milwaukee Brewers!!!
Wanting to see #BreakingDawn again :/
only temporarily! just here on an extended holiday! good to be back though :) miss this part of the world <3
uh oh what's that mean?
wait what? haha
I do recognize the other two lines, but I don't know the next lines.
Nice Psalm 1 reminder there harry :)
Next time, add some cool indie artists and crafters to the brew for #clustertruck .
Screw you Daniel Bryan
Back to #twoadays, gotta get this booty firm for #summer,
hate #blackouts :/
MJS: "Barrett has said that WI under Walker lost more jobs in 2011 than any other state in the nation." Wrong. Your paper/BLS have.
good bas zaha2 kteeeer and i am listening to hurricane u?
lol; those people are better than me; cause I'll be damned if I try that total darkness stuff
nutella is god!
thanks I'll be ok. The walk home may have been more scary
People at school can't stop talking. To other people they say we're all a "big family", my class. lol no. you wish we were family.
Baby boy and I headed to Richtown for Graduation. So proud of her!
I feel like if this protesting continues people are gonna end up rioting and then I won't be able to go downtown anytime soon -.-
First day home from Utah, and instead of working, I have been loving reading the Alt recaps from folks!
Last point…when all else fails, keep track on the calories
I don't know whats happening, Creatively Im feeling the doors open again,
FUCK NOW WE HAVE TO GO TO THE GUM
Just got a text from my sister. She is waterskiing in S. Illinois. May 6.
Haha that's funny, I can see those old people watching
RT Visitor Comment of the Day (so far): "Please tell Mr. Nelson I like his museum very much." (Abby, age 7).
LookinG For ThiS
Here when ya need me for perm IT talent! :)
Its hot as hell.
Damn. How about "Very bad, very scary, very terrible things happen. And then they happen again. And again." :D
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? (:
Philly is in Pennsylvania, Ozzfest is in Camden New Jersey.
clearly no, it's not.
The man who says his wife can't take a joke, forgets that she took him. ~ Oscar Wilde
Can U wake up with jet-lag if you dreamed in the wrong direction? Sure feels like it.
Omg stop following me.
That garners RESPEK. Way. I stack paper and I ball outrageous, too. RT Ain't no way you listen to Young Jeezy!
That angry energy is good! They can channel it back towards getting involved in their community, being a voice for change
Back in my old jeans... tight, but buttoned! Now what to do about the muffin-top?!... :-)
Lmao he is crazy lol ": My dad: Zyrece what would you do if I came to yo school with some skinny Jeans on? Me: o_0 hide Smh this m
"Fine then. I'll just eat Chinese food every night." - whiny dude on the phone w/his lady, trying to get her to come over.
Can't believe I've been for a year already! I feel blessed to have this opportunity and continue to love what I do.
Fun watching Mavs at hotel bar. Think we picked up a few fans even with loss
I've been asked to do a last minute library tour/scavenger hunt for 10-13 year olds on Saturday. This should be hilarious for all involved.
aw thankyou!!! It's perfect!! :) <3
Reputation for tastin, I'm killing them hoes, like Jason.
Yup - is washing his hair in the sink post bird shit attack.
When I see stupid people on Twitter acting like Obama legalized gay marriage I want to yell at them, but then I remember that they're too
content marketing is where you create media so you can be your own advertiser.
A kind of cross between Julia Roberts and Jack Nicholson. ~ Jeremy Novick about Lolita Davidovich
If I don't get to see her tomorrow I know I'll live my whole life with regret.
Alright, thanks !
The film is almost entirely finished it's rough cut - then moving towards a fine cut asap!
post a link to it
no way #Ravens trade up for Hightower, too many needs to trade away draft picks this year...they pick at 29 or trade out.
It's now sunday which means one thing..... TONIGHT!! so just to warn you all, i will be V E R Y excited. yayayay!
why did espn hold the syracuse sex tape for eight yrs. They persecuted paterno and are giving the same answers he gave.
I apologize for being out of twitter for a while. Let me know what's going on and I'll retweet anything you tweet me!
Lol I fail with guys
Modernistorical Cuisine? meets A molecular take on vintage recipes.
For some reason the holidays increase my rate of falling asleep in public.
Dude hostel is some HOSTILE shit.
Want a iphone but Im waiting for iphone 5 :(
Eeep... tonight is gonna be awesome..
I know :( Jake visits him 2 times a year so hopefully there will be one soon!
It's so weird/cool to scroll through Instagram and see people screen shot apps you design the UI for.
I second this notion. “: Amazing set last night at ”
you're my love and my best friend
goooodmorning :) how'd you wake up on this beautiful morning?
h-town is back!
Break a leg cast of "Hiding From Adults"!! We know you'll kill it at
The 7-ounce Genesee JR bottles we experimented with back in the day were great, but they left us craving something. Like 5 more ounces.
40" auto-platen die cutter has to be sold by June 2. Current offer $40,000. Buy-It-Now price of $65,000! 888-BRAUSSE. Call for Info.
Okay, good to know it's not a totally wacky question. I'm with you re: college.
put her n e where..... She'll be the baddest in the room
Yes he did...and his best dances are still to come!
Jerry Coleman~ Billy Almon has all of his inlaw and outlaws here this afternoon.
Those were the days.. Smh Lol “: #MyFirstYeatAtFAMU used to help me clean my room lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>”
Love is lifting the restraining order.
good morning! Someone tweeted about smiling at whomever you pass and it reminded me of you.
#inshallah everything will be okay ... n that's my personal sincere
This fellow journalist cheered when you stuck to the facts tonight."Keeping them honest" isn't a catchphrase, it's our job.
Exhausted from such a long day! Been a bad tweeter this week! Just been too busy! Will make up for it this weekend!
Ahh yes, 7:30 on a Friday night. When my Twitter feed floods with Instagram pix of buddy's beers and their #foursquare bar check-ins. Magic.
no that was for the guy that recommended the McDonalds owned Mexican.
ooh. Our power is out at the library too. Wonder what happened.
oh...ur in my hood! Have fun!
If you're absent during my struggle, don't expect to be present during my success.
Keeping stakeholders from introducing feature creep.
"Please do not power off or unplug your machine. Installing 1 of 3..." + I gotta hit the road = I *Hate* Microsoft
Ugh. You had to remind me didn't you? I really wish I could be there!
If you want to reach a goal, you must 'see the reaching' in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal. - Zig Ziglar
Thanks for the mention!
It's cuz I'm smart. LOL
How are you celebrating your cinco de mayo, #lakeview? Come start the day right with us at !
the awkward moment when someone comes up to you like hey! But you no clue who they are.
FIRST weekend opening....#success!!! YAY!!!!
- we used to play sandlot games with members from my school's team and I was better than most of them. Not bragging!
Pondered the complexities of time travel and other aspects of quantum physics.
Thanks for sharing Alex's post with your followers! Have an awesome week :-)
Thought without action is not worth much, and action without thought can be even worse.
GO LIONS!
Following the IndyCar crash at Las Vegas a week ago, Will Power has been diagnosed w/compression fracture of fourth thoracic vertebra.
Hey man, just a heads up; i'm sending you a DM in a bit. Had a cool idea last night.
which game should I attend this year? Need to keep the live tweeting tradition alive!
i still cant believe my favorite band is going to be on my favorite show!!!! Congrats :D
Also, let it be said that David Halberstam is a lousy typist (and not fond of capital letters).
do you think cows would ever fly.
You know what really bugs me? who comes up with these stupid trends like #IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake That really bugs me! Follow and retweet!
Damn peopes kids yelling in IHOP...
The campus police investigate crimes that occur on campus or school grounds. The campus police are a local LEA.
awesome! Thanks! (:
O'Flaherty denying report he will step down. Says he intends to serve out as Judiciary chair this session.
Ohh and our gym class ( :
Using the Norwegian keyboard ... my fingers are fumbling a bit.
People need to make up their damn minds.
Thanks Chris and WE ARE! RT Just wanted to say hey to #prsms ! Hope you're having fun. : )
congrats on the young dem article in this weeks CL
I got 50 on OKC tonight!!!!
Happy Monday! - Thanks for the follow...right back at ya!
The winner of our Perfect Grandma Contest is Betsy Roybal from Las Vegas, NM! We are deeply honored to have her represent us.
We've been getting a lot of production requests - we're booked out until Fall, so for all those looking for #videoproduction - PLAN EARLY!
sorry for the late response. Pop up afternoon showers will become a more consistent rain tonight and tomorrow.
I heard the Rubicon in Mission Hills is opening tomorrow... FINALLY!
Clearly I am preoccupied. Why else would I be wide awake in the middle of the night. Again.
that sucks =|
Boom!!! .02 off my fastest time and it's the first day on this new bike :-) tires made the biggest difference
Shareholder Files Lawsuit Over Windstream, Merger
“: Puccini's ranch will always be better than Mother Bear's ranch.” I second that.
Just got back from an AARP shoot, edited, transmitted, and it's about to go online - how's that for expediency
this is exactly what makes them cool. I'm sleeping in your living room...don't wake me
Got 3 pieces of snail mail from Verizon today confirming decisions I made on the Internet. One of which was enrolling in paperless billing.
Happy Saturday mornin' friends. ;)
awwwwh! :D tell him in grounded from my phone and i cant V.V tell him to get back on twitter D:< im ok.. my bffs r over :D
Up early !
Talking lizards, pile of money with eyes, old creepy dude, cavemen -- geico has too many spokespeople
so hungry! think we're going to a Japanese in Glasgow before the Kings - Excited :).
My computer is so dumb.....
Monday Night Raw!!!! :x
Using the Monterrey Bay Aquarium seafood app to pick dinner at SeaChange!
I just applied for a meeting!
Having a blast on set! So much fun working with such an awesome crew!
same to you too :)
you should come to in June. is going to be here...need I say more?
My bed is huge.
congrats, dude!
How is that fair?
Newt Gingrich ends his speech in Iowa with "Eye of the Tiger" and just seconds later it's trending worldwide on Twitter.
I agree: another reason he is better for CBB than the likes of Bo Ryan or the spawn of Pitino
Wanna be in the band?
awesome! congrats!
Wake up and smell the disruption. 2012 will be a whole new game for the publishing industry. And Hollywood is shaking hands.
Lee’s got a brand new oven, so she can bake more croissants for you on weekends. Plain, chocolate (natch) and almond. Crisp and light.
I'm Keelly xD nice to kinda meet you sir (:
I usually get excited for new apple announcements. But since I bought a MBP in november...not too stoked for the new release.
I've been off the grid, especially the twitter grid, but congratulations on all the roads that SILVER SPARROW has traveled! yay!
Are you my soulmate? 'Cause if so, girl you a blessing
RT RT : The only way our kids will win is if they have options. -Dr. Howard Fuller
So far away from where you are these miles have torn us worlds apart and I miss you and I wish that you were here...
My son just left the US Navy after 14 years. He hunted Somali pirates and served in Iraq. Can you help him to find a job?
Omg gotta buy that song!!! :D
sharing is caring, right? thanks for watching the video.
Absolutely. RT including a baby in a bar?
i need summer, im so sick of papers, readings, projects, and homework.
.... you applied to a McDonalds in Los Angeles?
Found myself missing coffee mosies with and as well as the ones with and
Had ketchup with my eggs this morning
I feel bad for the girl that slipped on the other girls wig.
yep *sadly*
At Andrew Jackson's funeral in 1845, his pet parrot had to be removed because it was swearing.
All safe here in dfw. Storm passed by work.
RT : Check out my YouTube Page = FrancoiseTheLight
do you see finley walking next year? (from GB)
yea filth ball happy birthday :)
:P Give me a break! We need this one, it means nothing for the Bulls!
You think you're real?Since when did real mean acting/being different with every person/group you talk to??
hey bm .....love yall
I am so not a flirt. Can't a girl talk to a guy without getting accused of flirting? Come. On.
It's #OpeningDay! Good luck to the Milwaukee #Brewers! Any tailgaters want to drop off a few brats and beers our way?
Good luck with your #SYEP application. We started in 2010 tweeting about openings you can intern for
Is a "know-it-all" jerk, that tried to get snippy with me for losing his Hickman Academy shirt which, he lost...then found.
Me, today = unbelievably fast email processing machine.
Harbaugh statement: "My reference was to the perception out there that came as the result of the league’s actions."
Just when things look bad "remember kids Charlie loves you." Lol:-) :-) :-)
um don't worry I'll still be here for 2 more hours
I told you I was coming home Monday morning!!
Photobucket if I'm not mistaken!
Breaking News : Dick Clark pre taped New Years Rockin Eve for the next 5 years
I agree, apple has created some great opportunities to change resolution standards, I wish monitors would follow suit.
Orlando #Magic Reportedly Interviewing Adonal Foyle for GM Position
see you then!
You haven't accepted my request to view your Instragram photos, so I'm missing out on what I suspect is a lot of Toby awesomeness.
I still think that we shouldn't rely on a rodent to decide how long winter will be for us.
well..I know MaryAnn has it in for me lol she hates the attention I get from guys lol
RT Just finished 3+ hrs of hrg re devastating cuts to CA's judiciary. Democracy cannot std w/o healthy judiciary.
thanks for the help!
We can only use your content to provide you the service. Nothing else. We are explicit about that.
Feel like I checked out of the world last week. But I promise to be more in touch starting now. Where would I be without my friends? :)
my sister babyshower was yesterday, she got lots and lots of stuff.....
hey hey Jen!!! Welcome to twitter!! <3
Wow! Love that idea and the pic.
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body
Well connected, fuck wit niggas well respected
Double Duds: The 10 Worst Duets Since &quot;Ebony and Ivory&quot; - Houston Press (blog)
Thats awesome!! Keep it up!
Padres went in 1992. The San Diego airport is on route 992.
It's the first time we've had 4 generations in the workforce
#FollowFriday Kick-ass bands & great people too! #ThankYou (via )
Watching the game with mad fun and funny.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
Suppa bowl. Altho can you still fqll it that if the steelers aren't in it....
It takes a REAL MAN to let go of his old ways & move forward. Immature boys detest making change 4 the better, maturity is irrelevant 2 them
Storm on way! Well it's really small but it'll do :)
were you able to get through to the support email? mine is being rejected by their servers....
Pizza Hut is offering stuffed crust with the crust stuffed with hot dogs. #doesntsoundgood How about stuffed with Ice cream? Deli meat?
Moving right along...May issues now at Dominos, 9th St. Deli, Library, Tandoor, Kim Moon, more. Hungry for lunch yet? I am.
bobos they cost a nickel and a dime...
Thanks Kathy!!! Wish you were here!
check out for the What Women Want retail event in
ok, revision: all of those gross states are the poor man's California.
I won't the heat to lose, only because he talked so much shit about LA last night
So funkin' true RT : Staying with someone who doesn't appreciate you isn't loyalty, its stupidity.
LETS SET A DATE
Reason enough to attend Conference in Kansas City: Policy Director 's health reform analysis.
for the extra credit do i watch the video to hlp answr the?'s
text me
mixed feelings for CJ return. I was a big fanof his as a ranger, and was ok with him leaving but not with words/actions since.
I think Frenchy is going to go down as the next Yaz.
We will be playing 3 pre season games tomorrow against UNC in Johnstown at Nelson Farm Fields. Games start at 11am
On my hard drive, where is the check at RT : where them beatz at???
Weird inside jokes :'D
TEMPLE RUN BITCH! !!!
Are you One Direction, cuz yu stole every piece of my heart ;)
going to the bathroom before 's Ustream so i dont miss anyhting
It's Rubie Tuesday! Until 9pm! That means two piercings for the price of one! This includes basic jewelry!
I know, I am full of excellent advice. Oh BTW, you owe me an update of life. Email me. xox
GIRLS NIGHT OUT WITH MY SMEXYS!!!
. Hope you guys liked the show. It will air seven more times on and on Saturday at 2:30pm!!!!
safe travels. It was great to see u for a short time
No time to loose trend #happybirthdayjboogz and call me maybe
Finally let the weekend begin <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Dale Thayer = Kenny Powers
Tweet me back at the end of June. LeBron is great...but Durant is better
Best shower ever.
it's ok...I mean once the clap gets you it's hard to break free...
Never let others decide for you. You have your own will. Choose your happiness and what you love. It's your life you'd live with not theirs.
There are some seriously ugly bitches out there.
After yesterday , he might as well change his name back to Ron Artest , lol
This is clear demarcation point for the close
Jean Mann just brought in her recycled glass lights! Gorgeous!
Holiday Party tip:Watch the beverages, especially alcohol, they have high calorie counts.Drink water and have a natural high.
could Red Sox/Brewers do a Youk/K-Rod swap?
I miss making love
How Did You Like Fliming With Kandi I Heard She Is A Good Actor
#Floetry on point!
Uh oh, performance anxiety. *grins*
With my love today need I say more?
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. Thomas A. Edison (1847 - 1931)
Who's not?! :) RT who's in austin this weekend??
I always used it as fuck the world... So when I played wow I just though there were a bunch of really pissed kids saying ftw lol
Where is the #Giants defense????
audio definition
oh some of them are quadratics. x^2+7x+12
thanks! Looking forward to working more with you as well. Happy to have familiar faces
PC running slow? Start off by getting our 15 point check diagnostics Today!
I think imma turn my damn phone before I get rude god know
I heard you like coffee.
Chris: Work at MHS, a much larger, more robust archives program; has been at MHS in 2002, focused more on public and academic librarianship
May have to leave the city for NFL season.
#15: Nice username & location :D tweet me more!
Stealing sandwiches you don't even like cause your names steven.
Saw an evangelist trying to proselytize to a group of deaf students
Weed > your life
Today concert UWS st.gregchurch playin big band arrg w/horns & choir... hats off to music dir for putting on this
dam it you screw everybody but me. I love that tree.
MT ": Lewis: Academic libs must deconstruct print collns, stop item-by-item selection". Also item by item deselection
I thought you were heading to the west coast? DM deets and I will send some recs for dc prowling.
it's what he said after leaving that they are pissed off at
Hey DC Metro, at this point you don't really have to go out of your way to tell me to expect delays.
I have the colts game recording at home! Excited to watch painter!
Special delivery! : #RooseveltIsland #postoffice 2 stay open. USPS made a list; glad they checked it twice & did the right thing
Tho charging an 18 ur old senior w/ a 17 ur old senior is crap. That's not a pedophile.
Say, my New Task Alerts are off by a day — they think the 15th is a Saturday, etc. Displays correctly elsewhere. FYI.
nothing better than a long weekend off with my man... too bad we're starting the weekend off with a funeral
Looking forward to the Arthritis Foundation's Jingle Bell run tomorrow with our client Findley Davies!
Suits for sure. More comfortable and more fun!
i really need Spo to get a play for Miller or Jones there though!
no problem and thank you.
Francisco-Revilla: "I'm not a lawyer" …but patent the tech. to recognize a gesture, not the gesture itself.
sometimes thats just how it is ://
Don't See Why They Have Him On ESPN This Man Seriously Don't Have a Reason He Don't Like Lebron!
Happy happy happy hour! Be happy the week is over & come celebrate with us!
I hope it gets out of hand. Maybe the obese Iowan takes it in the gut
RT : Awesome, hope you give us a try! p.s. #ManStyle hashtag is farking brilliant
Leaving for vegas in an hour.
Is it wrong for me to think that I'm the only #vo who has mc lust?
Listening to a pack of neighborhood kids scream "Ice Cream Man!" while The Entertainer plays in the background
I got you man I worked on three fire tracks today and got a bomb ass Willie Hutch sample Im doing now
To all NFL players, "Make sure you read the Small Print before signing off on this deal it's a 10 year contract", no changes allowed after.
Kola Hollywood is fake as all Hell. You will be fine. Don't let them get to you they couldn't go through what you have & LIVE :)
Taco Bell is delicious!!
Thomas I inroduced My friend to ICONic Boyz and she sayd you are her husband Dont you think its cute REPLY soI can tell her
Care Crisis: Thousands Of Foster Families Needed - Sky News
ugh man. I haven't seen a game since Thursday. I picked a great time for vacation. My 72-90 might be optimistic.
RT : Hm..I wanna watch HSM 2 with to get in the summery mood :)- Wat time is it? Summer time!! :)
you will never drop or lose your phone with an ikeep
came to visit me :)
Thanks, guys!
Gotta call this man when I get off about this shot
I <3 movies as much as I need to see if I can get screeners. That'd be awesome!
This #HiredHand calling himself a #Preacher said he don't care how much unrighteous acts R done by the #Righteous they remain righteous! Huh
I'm doing some major pouting.
haha definitely going to put it on now
Your followers thank you for the "only tweet what you've fully read" commitment.
: What are you playing?
Yeesh Tampa, you are a humid place.
Thanks Lisa for follow list!
Don't let defeat define you, define defeat as part of your journey to success! Expose.EMPOWER.Unleash.
Just flipping through the new catalog, showering under this stuff would put anyone in a great mood!
Date night with !
Dear Google, We use ur web browser, youtube, and ur search engine- I'm sorry but we're just not going to use ur social network - Everyone
Hooray for , & ! Congrats on getting through your #21slides in 5 minutes & getting us to think (& laugh).
Coming Soon Photos !
People feel comfortable around someone who is comfortable with himself.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving you I would use my last breath to tell you I love you.
Living in America and flying to another city in America to run a fucking marathon.
literally.... Everyday “: #EverydayIThinkAbout what it would be like to be taller. #shortgirlproblems”
Just put it on a GRID and everything will be fine!
Thirsty Thursday buy any 2 of our products and we'll send u 3rd FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
Yup. Forgot my wallet at the crib
If you have any questions visit www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
awesome show. Come back to Columbus soon. First drink is on me!
Thank you even though we have the same name but are last names are different
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Take Courage! Heroism and heartache as 3 veterans of the Battle of Au Pac recount that day.
we like to discuss partnership in the EDU coalition with other major EDU tools. Who can we mail about it?
Rocking out to party in the USA in study hall. #whatuppppp. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I really don't want to wake up.. Ever
...And three live with me...
i'm sure if he could grow it, he would.
Mark your calendar #NOLA - our next swap is coming your way on Saturday, December 18 at The Occasional Wife!
Hm, that depends on how you like movies and books that end differently. I liked both, but I liked the movie better.
hope she never knows you tweet while you're on a date = #girls don't like
LOL Only Father Terry would randomly start calling himself a certified member of the #GODSQAUD great mass today:)
How does it feel in my arms? Do you want it? Do you need it?...Tell me :D
- Hi Kelly. Mr. White here.... Saw your twitter...How about that Luke?
Can't wait for the nba season to start back up ...Celtics all the way!
Finished my theme for 's
15 more! C'mon, show some support for AB!
and i'm out
Siri is not helping me locate veggie soup right now.
Pierre found his new team to be in love with. The Caps.
ratchet ass bitch
about to join a gym soon trying to lose some weight before the summer gets here
Tommy Bahama Trunk Show on Saturday, June 5 from 10 am to 5 pm.
It's been a long, crazy and busy day! How is everyone?
Now when ever I play clarinet I get depressed. Mehhhh.
Sears Coupon promotional codes - What should I Buy With Them?
U seem to have some gender issues, friend? And I use the word hesitantly!
Thought last night was fun? Tonight we have UFC on TV and live music with The Shin Dig! Party time!
I haven't been excited to go to the movies in so long. Hope Cabin in the Woods makes me feel like a kid again.
bit the one that counts is happening now?? Cc:
the next time my mom is driving and you beep the horn 1 sec after the light turns green, i will turn the car off and feed birds for an hour.
Sorry! Im on the another side of phx. RT : Who in Scottsdale? Food delivery would be nice :)
My tummy hurts and it's making weird noises. Meh.
Happy New Year. Wishing everyone successful year!
THANK YOU! Cant wait to see you live at the Wiltern :D
that was a great dinner!
So yesterday I ran my first 5k.... It won't be my last. :-)
Official call to action: Someone write a simple chorale for 4 voices and human microphone.
#ImAStanBecause we stuck with him through thick and Kim, and we waited for him, we knew he'd be back with a vengeance;)
Wearing see-through yoga pants to school.... YOLO.
I'm pretty but I'm not beautiful I sin but I'm not the devil I'm good but I'm not an angel -Marilyn Monroe
Arguably the best avengers quote: "Clench up, Legolas"
Just advised to play in comments area of websites by UK media expert. Bad advice for US folks. No trainer will tell you that.
are you OK? someone attacked!? !
This Will Be The Worst You Ever Seen Me Look.
you guys already know this but you offer way more information then the main stream guys and I know Hoops :-)
well happy birthday then!
was at your concert tonight in Cincinnati, sorry it wasn't packed But for the people who showed you know they were real..
is really focusing on the hope and possibility of change and great things happening.
awh (: that's sweet!
I wonder who the Broncos are going after now....Trade Down or Stay.....
RT Walt #Disney ~I have discovered language has an anatomy. Every spoken word has its facial grimace, emphasizing the meaning
Hey, cool, I wrote an article about tea and wine and now I am being followed by vintote in Redondo Beach.
Spread the word! We are on Google Plus!
Suddenly hannah montana's hoedown throwdown is in my head.
Nice and clear F-bomb right there on NBC sports network.
Rock and Roll, my love...
TXx Me ASAP My love
Alan Liu about to take podium at centerNet meeting
ahhhhaha, I see what you did there ;) :P
I swear to god i will shoot that cocksucker and call it fucking research.
is wondering how I got the time to login and check My
pedal pedal pedal
That's very noble of you! How do you go about helping people reach their own goals? Is that part of your career?
RT : Thanks to everyone who listened to Live In San Francisco. We had an overwhelming response. Thanks!
Someone tell Tiana that no one cares that you're 21.
Global #smartphone data in Jan. was accessed 69.6% by Wi-Fi & 30.4% by cellular networks. I bet we'll seen #WiFI increase even more.
we should start a Hacksaw twitter campaign...!
Seattle picked him!!! I'm excited
I cant wait to get to a studio and record this new song!!
Thx for the follow. We're building community in support of schools here in #Lamorinda , CA.
Admission staff asks that they sing AuldLangSyne, too. MT ": Mention #RobertBurnsDay at Admission Desk & get free admission!"
I bet...miss y'all! I gotta tweet more....
Oh. nothing big? twitter must have been boring without my presence then. lol just kidding haha!
printed some chapters of the perks of being a wallflower so I can read them on my way to PA so I won't be so fucking bored.
going to record a quick toss for you... you can play it if you want. Will send link in a couple minutes to the mp3
Wondering how events in #Fukushima will affect Austin's debate about buying more #nuclear from the #NRG plant
Since the new digital tv I have an automatic signal (or corruption of signal) telling me MAX is approaching 7 min interval
Bad Decisions has awesome mixed drinks, Fleet St and Washington Ave. Pretty low key, good bar food, great bartenders
or "washed off first".
What purposeful event are you doing tomorrow? #Boston Walk for Hunger. Learn more about our community. #DoGood We need you. Pls RT!
on rims that ain't stolen!
Where is this Once Over place??I need to try it out....
That's so exciting. Where will you be?
i miss that one night me & Kayla sat in the bathroom for hours talking about our life & families.. i told her stuff nobody else knows<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#toptech in large auditorium this year. Logistics are hard, but wish there were a way to make it a real conversation
#TESTS AND QUIZZES OF BOMBS
It's Tech Appreciation Week ! Through tornados, hot summer wx, winter our folks are the best! Thank your Tech today!
yea an a commute to Newtown Square. Up for most nights to chomp on some seitan tipZzzzz
You are completely wrong!!
RT : 300K American kids are at-risk of becoming #humantrafficking victims. Tweet awareness with:
Win as if you were used to it, lose as if you enjoyed it for a change. -Golnik Eric.
This weirdo I know has a "scrunch" face smile. It's fucking awful & she thinks she's cute which is even more horrifying.
The Bible declares that every Hidden thing shall be revealed. So, no need 2 investigate, TRUTH is about 2 present itself.
How are the arms boys? beasted upper body today
That was
Getting some work done for the upcoming tv series "World's Most Dangerous Race" have to get all the gear for shooting for July in Africa
Omg Jon Stewart is on a roll already. That Christie sub just did me in!
hey, ladies! Who can I reach out to discuss a marketing partnership between Birchbox & ? Thanks!
On track this whole time but now is the time to strategize. Choose wisely
I love watching white hipsters existentially grapple w liking a rap album. It's okay guys, nobody's going to revoke your pass or anything.
I told > < 2 hop out my mentions,now he tried to find his self tellin people to hop out his.!
I think the PC term is 'unichallenged'
I always say, during the season, that this stuff pales in comparison to matters of real importance, like the Afghanistan War.
KJo films = a place of license...
Thx T! March 1 I better get best twitter tutorial in the world. Attending American U Digital Media Grad program!
Our pleasure to bring you our first great Doc event in Boston! On to DC! Tell your friends!
Yup - my wife saw a flash
I have a big problem right now
This game is still 1-1??
It's just that I think 7 AM is too early to be worried about oxford commas.
have u talked 2 him about it?
lol you like it au natural
Thanks much! We're really only scratching the surface on social media's application for business
thanks for the RT Robert. Appreciate it tons.
Last event at the PRC of 2011 is Site Night from 6-8pm TONIGHT. Come share your #photography #website and learn how others designed theirs.
Well, if they're predicting a Jazz upset, they better hope Tony Parker gets struck by lightning, giant PG mismatch there
Got our Letterpress today!
Haha great sarcasim! Made my morning.
tweet tweet. is this everyone's first tweet??
Well thank you :D
would help if i had paints! do i fuck! i cant paint for shit anyway
Performing with artist Stephan Keating tonight at The Wolf Party @ Le Souk :D
I've finally found something I like about #Bachelor Ben...his mom and sister. It's a Christmas miracle.
YAAY. you landed safely! (: how was it?!
Online Travel Companies to Enhance Services with the Recent Significant Increase in Demand from Consumers Online
SAG voucher in my hands tomorrow. Hear that universe? Just putting it out there.
OH my that could be a tough thing for you. ;)
Iron Works…
u r such a hard working girl I'm really proud :) I'm so sure you're doing great in leaning English :)
After 2 rough yrs for Joe, u are all-time #1 RT u should let me draft ur team. Historically I am homeless mans
you should so i can have them at lunch:)
That looks good. How many groups would you like to get? Count in.
Working on becoming more effective versus more efficient.
Hey - thanks! Yes, moms of twins need support in those first years!! How old are your twins now?
im fasho getting the playoffs
What's wit the? ?
. & I just had the most amazing day working with & offering feedback to students on their design projects. So much fun!
yeah I know. Especially when there was another person sitting there.
HOW UGLY LOL...
Most people fight for the dumbest reasons.
Birth certificate for baby allegedly fathered by Justin Bieber reveals boy's name is Tristyn Anthony Markhouse Yeater
"There are never enough I Love You's." ~Lenny Bruce
No game AND no dinner date. Baseball boy you're failing me.... I'm gonna blame the damn Dodgers :(
Death of Spy, Zipped Into Bag, Spawns Theories and Inquest - New York Times
Never borrow shit... but niggas owe me a arm and a leg...
So #Boston and #Atlanta both choked in September? Last night was quite a wild ride!!
Well put, love that!
didn't even know u was on twitter young blood following now
#TheOneThatGotAway music video is so emotional!
Social ntwks as "info evaluators": how are our patrons evaluating us? Yes! It's why we monitor tweets & solicit feedback on Facebook.
I was secretly rooting for "Precious" too but haven't seen it. Pretty sure I don't want to either. Looks too real for me
Rainy overcast day here... Reading and enjoying be horizontal on a sleepy Saturday!!
he has a fundraiser this week so clooney must live haha
good morning how are you doing this beautiful morning
The one penguin game I watch & their loosing..
The Silk Tie likes Chris! We want to sell game changing ties that make men across the world look good, thesilktie.com
The new PIXEL-Micro 48x60 is coming together...only 20,000 more brushstrokes!!
Thanks! I'm feeling better already.
At my Lil bro soccer practice ..
225k jobs added in March thanks to the wedding industry?
then Carmelo should be salivating
Trivia of the day: The town of Jean Lafitte was once a hideaway for pirates.
Looking forward to a long day in the editing room tomorrow. That's where the magic happens!!!!
Hey, I heard you like the wild ones
#votegrahambgt we got your back :) Let's go Graham!
Equipment for superior stabbery is never a bad thing.
The float that won the animation award, has some crazy movements going on. Pretty amazing!
#WhyWouldYouCheatIf you know u're eventually gonna get caught?
I have 5 projects due on Thursday and that's the day I'm supposed to be getting surgery. ):
not going to bed until you follow me! <3
i have all the blankets i want AND i'm using ryan's pillow, but no cuddles :(((
This is just an intro'd piece. Expect lots of debate and discussion from all sides.
thank you for the up date... The best of all Possible worlds
silly passwords, link already!
i wanna be high, so high.
Spanish homework done 3 hour later and one page of english and research done!
Gearing up for an 11pm kickoff 4 weekly soccer game. Pray I don't get hurt using this adrenaline & actually score a goal! Back of the net!
first 1 in like a year Went for a swim at lunch and looking at strength training after work. Wonder how long I will keep it up
do it to it big daddy
. Great!!! Let's see how the Motor City Moron deals with getting some Dixie Chicks treatment
soon! share us with your friends and make this possible!
what a great day! the holiday weekend almost here
Feel free to correct me on this, but is the Galaxy S I the first Android device to launch with ICS?
well, all I can say is your liberty family won't stand for that, and you MUST come to family dinner after the service this week.
is it tonight?
Don't miss our Herbals class tonight with Dr. Wazny! Call to rsvp!
tell those cali boys that's there's nothing free in life. Lol
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, the passion to change the world
Hooah!!! How's it going, my friend?
Thanks for coming! Sorry I (we) didn't get to meet you??
thank-you moss Megan, have a good one :-]
I'm too sleepy. I'm in need of some
He was awesome, but I was pulling for Juliet. Sad that he had 2 go when he's better than the 3 from the other teams.
Some ppl r complete morons :p so i confront them about it
tell yourself that if it helps you sleep better at night. I'm not talking about what others think of you.
Julio Jones is making a strong case for the top rookie WR and might be worth the 1.02 in rookie drafts
No worries : )
Vancouver followers! I am looking for a marketing job in the Vancouver area! Will need visa assistance. Anyone have some leads or contacts?.
Go Bucks!
if this is the "real" you, then you might want to get your page verified. I'm new to this and someone sent me a link
I can sing good, wanna hear?
Watching Frozen Planet on Animal Planet!
WHOO HOO! Got my 15" MacBook Pro. The only thing I don't like so far is the screen glare, but I'll get used to it.
Hi. Hey.
Just realized I may not even be in Miami for the Jason Aldean and Luke Bryan concert. This is a sad sad day.
Ha. Nice story. So would be sending gifts to a Mayor DeMaio? Y'know...for testing purposes?
sorry to hear you had problems; can you open a support ticket or let us know what didn't work for you?
Happy Seventh Birthday Sam (a little late). Hope you had a really great day.
sorry I missed u today. Will be there 2 morrow. Email & I'll send my
Thanks for the support!!
nice! Good luck! I have a scrimmage thursday :)
When I wanna relax n clear my mind I like goin to sit by the lake
JUST MY OPINION: Fellas, some of you cats are taking this "SKINNY JEANS" thing waaayyy TOO FAR! (side eye)!
watching a guy in a meeting who reminds me of an old boss, who also wore a bowtie
You're very welcome Lacey! I admire & adore you! I hope you & Bo have a terrific weekend! Winks!
is moving! Looking forward to sharing where and the pics!
just got off work dude fuck that place
Right!!! I knew it was bogus!
it is a simple thing that has amazing results if you are truly patient
...and the Times is ON IT.
RT : A6: brussels sprouts, bacon, raisins, carrots, green onions, sesame oil .
want to win a free shirt? tweet this "hey guys! is giving away a free shirt to 1 follower! go follow them and tweet/RT this"
One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention. ~Jim Rohn
it's suppose to mean what I said?! Haha
I've probably stopped myself from shouting out to women running/biking about 1626373829393050173 times.
I don't think I've actually had a drink since I turned 21. Haha. No more age restrictions for you though! That's exciting!
i hate speech.....
Hey Everyone gonna get those pics from Wednesday up today!!!! Remember we are back at Club 212 on SUNDAY for part 2!!!!
this is me telling Will to get instagram lmfao
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
yeah tryouts through FEB. I HAVE 2 try out!
“: S/O to who's leaving Hawaii tomorrow! We'll miss ya buddy! #gonnariseup” miss u too bro. Thx for memories!
I hate it when your trying to type something and your cat walks onto the keyaq2sesdggh=jkt6trv.;u'
Hangin at the library watching do hipster things. Come get registered!
Sex talk at the breakfast table..
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
"Last game we focused a lot on Derrick Rose, but now we can single in on Kyle Korver" - Jrue Holiday...
and tweets always make my day they crack me up
That In Your Arms video, with the jelly beans...well done.
Such a good day in the sun.
Touch may help alleviate symptoms of depression according to the American Journal of Psychiatry.
Accidents suck. Glad you all are okay.
Lol alright cool x]
OMG I JUST WANT JUSTIN,.
The country's greatest minds on Arab politics discussing the Arab Spring>>
even grilled cheese? :(
baby when you need someone to translate to spanish here i am !
Tee hee! My brain is fried enuf!
No need for anyone to stand in long lines for a MegaMillions ticket, I already bought the winning ticket. :-) 1-in-175.7M odds, no problem!
Totally psyched for an evening w/ the late great Whitney H brought to by none other than
#1 what's up with Nate's droopy lip for the past month? and #2 Jack is Chuck's dad...really?
I am the one from NJ! Went to college out in Indiana though.
Out and about for my afternoon jog with the voluptuous This new fad is sure to catch on.
Rumors Henrietta board passed family redefinition (no more then 3 non-related in house) Any truth to it? A Source?
Messi hat trick 3rd goal was ill
RT : Let us know if you try this one: New Site Shows You How to Enhance Your Higher Education With Google Services -...
Glad to be home for Mother's Day with the best mom.
idk what it is with females, im not too good with that shit.
Yeah, my pieces (like the Nemo) are awkward in size for simple storage.
i'm at the game tonight too! It's HOT!
Nice. Stay tuned.
... artichokes, the gentleman's fruit
How much do other countries spend on technology vs. what we spend?Technology: student-motive driven vs. profit-motive
Bible - or this book will keep you from sin or sin will keep you away from this book
Thanks for the follow, :)
And your brain thanks you for this.
Maybe it's a sign you should move to Indiana :)
Very cute! Is he/she a lhasa apso? That's what I had years ago, if so. Her name was Mitzi Tsu. Lol!
damn dude, good call. I was actually looking for it in best buy on Monday, then came home to find out the same thing haha.
Mil gracias! For the congrats, and for the beautiful part you played as a friend of this book. Abrazo.
It was great seeing you yesterday. You have to stop working so hard and get in to see me more often :-) Take care!
Thirty dollar sacks make sexy hos moist
Do you have any juicy water?
KING KONG where you at? Lmao
class is back in session FURTURE FASHIONISTAS OF AMERICA, i missed my students , cant wait to see them
you gonna be playing at is8 this coming weekend??
where can we find the actual interview? The link that you provided lacked the good stuff. Thanks
Ebenezer became a stir monkey when he believed what Sharon said.
MT : NCBDDD presenting plenary today on National #SpinaBifida Patient Registry at World Congress.
that's genius.
Maybe they should be more accomodating for us bike-less gals and make it "skip/hop/run/walk to work week."
I worl alone, need to get in and follow the twitter community more, you are inspiring me.
WANT SOMEBODY TO TAKE ME OUT TO EAT........... AINT MORE NICE GUYS LIKE THAT ROUND MY WAY :(
Giants win!!!!!
Me neither...just hope by sayn this i dont get ebola next week! ~ek
very :( I'd be so sad
Ok one final down...now all I can think about is the going away party and buying more bacon.
Why r kids so fat? Uh cheese burgers r 99 cents & salads r 5 dollars a bag -__-
It's BOGO time at 12EST for the first 5 orders that come in! Mention in the description what free tee you want or be surprised!
Many don't know, I use to shake my POM..POMS on the NFL FIELD..YUP a former Redskinette AM I:)
Next stop - Canada 2015.
RT : Just 3 days left to win $500 Plum District dollars! 2 enter, follow + + retweet
LOLOL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> I'm waiting on Carmen to get dressed then we can go eat! You work today?
hi twitters :-)
I be doing stuff I can't stop what I'm doing and txt you and you don't even txt lying butt
#LittleWhiteLies I had a great time
This weather about to show out in Atlanta -__-
I don't need a biotch like you I got my dog murphy for tht<U+2665>
Extended hours continue through 5/18 and don't forget our 24 hr space!
I'm drunk at Denny's
I'll send some vegan recipes your way ;)
Cancel your plane tics to Amsterdam if you're goin for the cafe's you have to be a citizen to enjoy happy smoke
So happy to welcome to the Fresh ID family! Great first day of motivated learning... Adam is our new sales ninja so say howdy!
"It's more fun to talk w/ someone who doesn't use long difficult words but rather short easy ones like "What about lunch?"- Winnie the Pooh
HE is risen! Have a blessed Easter! John 11:25-26 25 Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who
yeah we ready. Should be fun
Looking forward to that mixtape!!
what were facial reactions?
We're going to get you that blimp and #BringJamesHome ....Know why? Cuz Rushers Rule The KCAs! :)
"GirlSpeaking: When people make fun of girls being pregnant. You don't fucking know their story, stop acting like you do. -_-" ily kenzie<3
Still trying to read my first #ebook on my ipad. Don't know if it's the book or the device, but not enjoyable.
“: the more i text him the more i want him!” *her
This Easter we celebrate our Redeemer, who said to his disciples, “Go therefore...” There's no better time than right now to share His love!
You've been hacked. I'm getting spam DM's from your account.
4 day weekend!
Oomf is starting to piss me off everyday.
I maybe only a foot tall... but I am still your biggest fan! should have us both on the show together one day
I missed last night: hottest moms drawing at the Bellagio
Not king yet. Oh, there will definitely be pictures.
TSA showed me a new feature for my Reef sandles today... A hidden compartment. I had no idea
probably best proxy w/out knowing exact measures or details about dropped ceilings, raised floors, utility areas, etc.
Yes! RT : "When God speaks, he doesn't stutter. When he awakens u to ur calling, the snooze button stops working."
Easter Egg Hunt, 4x4 Mud Drags, car show, arts & crafts, & a Poker Run? There's something for everyone at the Annual JeffCo EXPO this year!
David LaChapelle suit vs Rihanna over CR & TM infringement is another reminder that photographers' rights must be protected.
Real girls aren't perfect and perfect girls aren't real. if you want a perfect girl, go buy a Barbie doll.
“: Real friends don't save hoes,they.share hoes” exactly!!
Friday Night Fiasco tournament tonight 9pm easten! Message rS Messatsu or BEATDOWN Stream to enter
I will remain positive & full of gratitude today. If I cross your mind, and you send love my way, I appreciate it. Not drinking bitter tea
can't wait to see at #sfiaaff12 So proud of you on
RT : Weird that Avengers was created as part of Obamacare. People really don't know what was in the bill!
Avoid high fiber foods before working out, while fiber is great, right before a workout is not the time for it.
; thank you for following.
editing my perfect strangers cover. I keep messing up while singing it so I have recorded it 50 times :/
i told myself i WOULD NEVER own anything American Eagle but yet my shoes are the brand .. :( tear
I started my homework at 7. That has got to be some sort of a personal record for me
I forgot to refridgerate my leftovers
The #Dj just did a bad azz #BeastieBoy mix here #RIPMCA #Lakers vs
Heh thanks for the shout out on the Pokercast and (Mike) :D.
not much, hbu?
It reads: "Move semantics in C++11, meanwhile, lead to higher performance" Figured good update to our own Biggest Changes in C++11
Of course, I have a special interest in the anti-gay issues. I already sent you a link to my project so you know that already.
wanna let me see your packet tomorrow and I'll give it back in apes?
RT : No Problem, This Film Will ALWAYS Have An Impact On Me, It Inspires Me To Be A BETTER PERSON EACH TIME :)
don't forget to remind her often that CONTROL is now COMMAND! that really screwed me up, former PC that I am. :-)
lol she's getting big!
I annoys me when people's horoscopes get posted as a tweet. Like make that stop.
yeah they do.
He passed last night in Dallas.
OMGG ur in fl I live there!!! I wanna meet u :(
who am I beating up?! Lol. Text me if you need anything!
You realize how much easier to ask more of others, when you demand everything from yourself?
CHEERS to a wonderful weekend ahead!
is The best out there in Orlando
fuck outta here! RT : The fuckin Knicks SUCK ! I counted on the sorry ass team to override the Heat . Losers .
Clearly the key in an #auctiondraft is to not blow your wad early, though it depends on how big your league is. (CONT)
little column A, leading to a little column B
love it <3
sounds kinda weak
Yay! Got some worked lined up!
true. Since when do you have a night job?
Glad to see #UNC, #Marquette and #Wisconsin make it to the
Just say the word! Can guac be involved too!? Ps, swiched to the voice. Those bitches were giving me a headache.
I heard it from a friend who heard it from a friend who heard it from another you been messin around.
drank one gallon of #kangen water yesterday before, during and after hot yoga.
I've rockin out to 70's Rush since yesterday. Best decision of the week. Maybe even the decade.
Typo? "The problem is that they are not being given adequate financial resources... to do." --> "do so".
... Loved seeing y'all tonight, as always!!!
I hate stuck up bitches
lol yeah, every time I read it I say.. "Damn Picasso, that's harsh!" No wonder he created ~ 50,000 works!
im hungry, so yes eating like niall sounds good right noow..
I'm sure you get this ? a lot. Do you and Charles Barkley ever talk about the behind the back dunk ?
Early morning meeting with the Comm Department--
look your a big reason for the seasons success. Keep your chin up and qualify for the Champions league.
have fun my man.
#manning arrives at headquarters
were here
four loco + mexican food on the streets of San Francisco
otherwise they ask what i thought and a long critical rant begins and then they glare :P
I rank based on week 12 to 16 production over the last 2 years.
Stay Positive and everything will turn out eventually.
RT : If ur a young hustler on the come up , u must have confidence that ur hard work, dedication and faith is going to pay off.
Today will be a great day!
Federal spending on healthcare is greater than federal spending on defense. WHA?!?
aaron here, just bought the Doepfer R2m Ribbon controller...looking forward to making beautiful sounds with my Doepfer Dark energy.
Walt McGuire (NuWealthDynamic) thanks for the follow.
We will be posting photos from cityLAB's Community Meeting last Wednesday shortly and announcing our next meeting -- stay tuned!
I know! I've heard so much about his texts through the years. I hope JJ compiles them in a book.
Temple Chai Chanukah Festival in Buffalo Grove today from 1:15 - 5:00 PM. Come see Balance Lady Designs. Great gifts for everyone!!
As long as you have the Internet and MANY sex workers do, we can set the story straight! It is a flawed idea to think.....
Good morning everyone!
As a stabley housed person, I carefreely go to sleep in MY bed every night, accustomed to the sounds around me.
OMG just finished and I can't wait until next season! So many questions?!?!
Making $ is easy. Press shift+4.
bring my damn man back home I'm about to leave his ass
Hellbound Hero comes to life tonight...
natalie made it for me I never even got to see it
well we're still friends. We just didn't wanna date anymore because we didn't want each other like that
The LA Dodgers have been sold for Two BILLION dollars..... BILLION
unsuccessful study idea number 1) watching the crew while looking at notes online.
lol I love u
Yeah. They aren't out in paperback yet, girl......
lol well it keeps unfollowing people
hey. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>so you warm up from your AC? Lol
Have you tried Batch 206 Vodka yet? Great juice! Do it.
I would actually prefer to sit on his face...but I guess I wouldn't be picky with that little Swede and his flannel
Honored to be in such good company, Victorio. Thanks!
Interesting debate in the office this morning. Better coffee, , or ? What is your choice?
this great. Are all of the pitches loaded up or are they still in process?
#crocafecollect Disney Cover Night (12/6/06) Electronified countrified and amateurified versions of dISNEY hits. Highlight? Perfect Nanny.
so i cut my hair, i had to make it my version though! hope you like it!
Jackson's very, very #cute. Thanks for
yeah! welcome back.
Good morning :) thank you sis! God bless your day! Btw I am done with my exams yaay ^_^ all of them went well.
The wifi on the train really sucks
That too
Shocking: Attended a dance (ballroom/latin) class last night and A) wasn't the worst student and B) enjoyed myself.
THANKS SO MUCH LOVE!!! I'll deff take a few shots for you;) love you!<3
aha welcome!<3
Well-rested, feeling good. The world is an oyster, let's share it. Carpe ostrea!
and now… pretend to be a student for a couple hours.
nice work!
For God has not given us a spirit of fear and timidity, but of power, love, and self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7
We'll announce our prize #winners tomorrow! Enjoy your day! Happy Mother's Day!
One hour into my trip to Detroit and the AC must died. It's 97. Gonna be fun.
New poll notes: a really high percentage of Dems. 46%; last one had 40%. Undecided/other still at 14%. No movement for Dumanis
"For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness". Ralph Waldo Emerson.
call me?
I cannot talk about it yet.
atleast your teachers arnt on strike . i havent had a full day of highschool yet . latest we got out was 1O.
have fun beating us at the Garden
You will have to tell me what you think, I got a great response from the last art fair on that one. I love Grey hounds as well.
any plans to come to miami? It would be great to have a presentation of your company.
cal, i could you hear curse after the equalizer all the way from KC! Reign it in!
WTF? Still no email? Ah.
Thanks! I do love the Robert Harris book for older kids.
Good Morning Everyone
Pls follow back(:
Out downtown tonight. Gonna check out the live music scene! Hit me up - 414-429-3973
A tech. I heard dat battle bout to come out bro
nothing in particular...You?
So excited on how much things have picked up!
word n idk if my r.o.d not doing anything i'm go see him or idk lol
zombie books for teens? ROT and RUIN (maberry) + THE ENEMY (higson)...would appreciate other zombie titles for 7th / 8th grade and up.
No. 1 Ohio St. is tied with Michigan 14 - 14 with 11 left in the first
*So excited about passion Party's Holiday Deals*Tweetors and Tweetets you are have 2 check these deals out for yourself
gators baseball game tonight!!! (; <3go gators!!!
Somewhere along the line, 8pm turned from dinner time to story time, 10pm turned from party time to alone time, and 2am just disappeared.
Thank God. Don't go crazy on me, yo.
Full of gratitude. Today is beautiful. Make someone's day with a smile from your heart today :)
hey Ms. Lol
For Sale: Sasquatch pelt. Looks very similar to bearskin rug sold at Cuz's Pawn last week, but they are NOT the same item. $5 million firm.
Today is the only day that everybody goes to church lol
If anyone wants more info, send us a message at we would love to hear from you.
No law against staying over at his place?
lol i do that alot or when im showing someone a txt i hold my phone haha
follow Jose From Da Hood!
not it's not cause there's tons of pitching..isnt that many good QB's
I'd pay $12/year to keep the spambots away!
Aw shucks. Guess I'd better go write something then.
Intercon or Pfister? $50 says Dale Svuem will be in hotel bar by 630. Have seen him out countless times.
Welcome back #KRodsGoggles!
I would stop .... But since u gone be lookin my TL up and down ima give you wat ya want
Last night, I dreamed that Sarah Michelle Gellar (or was it Buffy? I'm not sure) decided to sponsor InfoCamp this year.
Is that the first of their "non-gay" programming?
#ImMadBecause I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 2 NOTICE ME OR FOLLOW ME!!! :(
ok me too cuz im hungry mann :D
I missed Guitar Shorty Tonight,Damn!
Time for bed. I need to be productive tomorrow, I'm thinking gym/run, haircut, &
#LAKings!! Let's do this
I am thinking about getting a Honda Accord Coupe EX-L V-6 Automatic for a new car!
Hardly slept last night, worked 14 hours today. Why can I not fall asleep tonight??
$2 meatballs subs at Subway!? I get excited about the little things.
You also have the opportunity to write about Darfur instead of questioning moms who focus on the health of their babies.
Say this to your best friend: FA Q!!
my son is five damn time flys
I'm back from sabbatical--getting away to was a fantastic way to gain clarity on work, come back stronger. Plus, I surfed. :)
Grand Opening A Cut Above GRAND OPENING 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Hey ppl how's it goin tgif!!!!
love your twitter photo. Awfully intimidating to see the hooded sweatshirt. Watch yourself!
Writing an article on Disney's newest ride "Characters in Flight"
I don't know how I found your article @ not setting goals, but you have turned my brain inside out & I love it!!! Thank u!
IRS issued revised regulations on the capitalization of tangible assets to clarify standards
Forget the gym... I need sleep z night night
From Joe's Management: Thank you for all your kind words. We are sharing them with Joe.
Got a question for our small-biz consultants, Doug and Polly White? Send your Q to
Looks like spring came and went yesterday, skipped summer, and it's Fall again at my house. Boo. This rainy, 45degree crap needs to end !!
ActorStuff: Here's the deal--You cannot truly relax at auditions by just THINKING you're going to relax. You have to just f*(&^ing do it.
Hope play Love Cry.
I was liiikeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee NO. DEF NOT. tf I look like?
glad you like it
Alright well I guess that means I'm single.
no, more for safety reasons honestly
#NowListening Apollo Brown & OC - Trophies (Album Preview Stream)
700 Congress? I'll head that way shortly.
excited to begin the REDI program with Colorado next week! We'll be working in the 5points, where I grew up!
Leaving on a jet plane, don't know when I'll be back again
Beach tomorrow? Movies Friday, babes piano recital Saturday, maybe chruch Sunday! Got it all planned out.
Wow. With that attitude, you deserved to lose.
His Eyebrows lmaooo((:
I believe my (dv) server was included because it's down...what information do you need?
Going to see the Avengers with this afternoon. #cantwait #soexcited (messed up her twitter handle)
Just watched a vid of Bam visiting Dunn's crash site..fucking lost it..don't think I could hold up either losing a friend like that...
lol Dude. That's like technical.
at least u picked good flicks. I'll add something to my Netflix queue just cuz I think there'll be boobs in it.
Life is too short to be anything but happy
them b the ones either got something or end up pregnant by yo ass lol
thanks! my friend!:D
you should come to des Moines Iowa ? Please (: that would make my life complete <3 ily
thank you so much! You guys were great to work with this weekend too! So much talent and respect! I'll b in Youngstown w fire n ice
in Phoenix!! Love the show so far
You make Your own wine tasting all day, 4 wines for $14. Enjoy a great happy hour until 7.
can we please make them more like #SXSW interactive?
so could i (all week actually) but Austin is awesome !!
thanks Hugh - Bloomindale is the 2nd Up and Coming Neighborhood :) We love our good friends and neighbors in
Sure. I can recite all of the digits of pi . In base pi of course. (Base ten is an enduring bad habit from the Roman Empire.)
Got my workout in and now it's time for a beer! :)
Get back on my drake mentally
Got the passengers on board, all systems are green and we are cleared and ready to roll. Gonna be a little busy here. Over and out.
Thanks to and many others for rocking their Karaoke skills at our 1st meet and greet event!
My favorite part of the race this morning was seeing a TON of little kids in #crew96 and #ussoccer jerseys cheering on the runners
+ are forever my favorite couple! so cute together makes me say Aw out loud! #love congrats juliet!
Your life has no feeling unless it is touching others.
Maybe heaven right now is a devil or angel away
gotta go warm up so I can cut the last four vocal tracks for the new CD!! OH YEAH!!!
#CNN lives united!
I demand it. RT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand.
Fireworks debate in House once again turns on question of maturity of youth with firecrackers, although illegal for those under 18.
Ridiculous tweet of the day.
That's awesome! What is thump boxing? Never heard of that.
Resume Writing--just one of the skills you will learn at our summer Mentor2College workshop. 2 hours a week may make a lifetime difference!
Twitters gonna take some getting used to lol.
Taylor is sitting next to me, reading all my tweets. Lol
My only point is current / former players can push for improved practices w/o acting like they've been victimized.
I need to pee <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
good question. I think less because those girls are hard to resist. Plus, weren't we all a girl scout at one time?
LOOKING for like-minded guitarist to complete our LINE UP! hit us up >;D
salute ! ... I appreciate ya
So I'm otw back to the bend wassup for tonight what is everybody on
I cannot Believe I will be 27 tomorrow ! Craaazzzzy how time flys !
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came ~
"If you focus on what you've never had, you will never be able to see what lies ahead."
well you succeed
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
- yes! I #intentionally did! :)
So many mixed emotions right now...
That and Greek mythology never really interested me either...
RT : #GrnBz in NYC, Brent Schulkin on CarrotMob=The Opposite of a Boycott. Harnessing positive power of consumer...
Great 2nd half, you will build on that. Game on!!
Right, walk to Atlantic Avenue Target to corner the market in toilet rolls. Doesn't get much more rock and roll than that people.
Really, people who read books while walking down the sidewalk?
I don't get how people can keep going back to the one they "love" who repeatedly hurts them. Like, now you're just asking for it.
follow me please?
swaggin with these niggas now i got thinkin y she ain't mine yet?????
Hapy 2012 to you and yours as well. Glad for the new year and new opportunities. good bye, 2011!!!
Well not really. I mean I like the song a lot and I like Justin but I'm not really a Belieber. :3
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and submissive to receive the food first
Max was surprised and very pleased.
Damn !!!! What a dance!! So fun to watch!! Better every week...
song of the day: Awake and Alive (artist: Skillet)
people suck.
Glad to never have empty headed kids in my class. Well, at least not after I'm done pounding on them. #craftsman #NspiredBy Proverbs 7: 7
We currently have 30 participants for the package exchange! Yipee! tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
Tracking rhythm guitar! Then vocals!
I know it for sure, I'm not suggesting it. At least when it comes to the average worker coming back and not heads-of-x
“: Pacers are going to be my new 2k team” lol
RT : I haven't hated G+ yet. After 2 weeks I haven't found out what to do with it... for us users, not for Google.
My work schedule is slowly turning me into a Sunday afternoon napper.
my fave is bad cuz i is a bad girl :))))
Thanks For All The ''Happy Mothers Day'' DM's & Mentions. Love You Followers! & God Bless <3 <3
you jus read my mind. i was gonna tweet that.
May gray, no way! New students get a #free week. We offer over 25 classes/week. #Cardio, #Yoga &
how are you today
Starting my future
Glad to see new entrepreneurs signing up and using our services.
I'm unintentionally watching the 20th episode of the 4th season of Scrubs. ironic given the day.
It's crazy how you always love someone. Even after loving someone else.
Hey , we'd love to see u @ wine tasting tonight @ Liquor Plaza on Walt Whitman Rd. in Huntington from 4-7 p.m.
Haha I Was Joking. How Are You And The Novio?
Yeah a truly bad team for the last years gets a ton of studs after zero change and no one is questioning it?
First day of work today in a few hours. So freakin stoked, u have no idea
Happy Birthday, ALEX!!! The 9-club is the best, and 30 is definitely the new 20. #wearestillyoung!!
i feel like there's a smartass comment to be made but i will refrain
It means 'don't stop now, you might just be on the edge of something good...'!
Just got complimented on my Mastodon shirt. I'm so cool.
RIP BIG L
I don't understand cheese metaphors.
Imma need to come back to Detroit soon!!!
Do your thing. Follow your heart. Don't apologize to anyone!
Nice! Josh, and would probably be interested in a Python UG too.
Can you text me your address?
you're weird!:P
thanks for trying, not working again & couldn't get credit for the full outage. Time to try AT&T?
Well-played. RT Girl behind me in line is wearing a shirt that says "Peeta I loaf you"
paraphrased via : My video debut was a disaster. All about your safety at #mifflin2012. Sorry if tone wasn't right.
People change their number like every other month these days.. Smh you must be duckin somebody
It's 40° in downtown #indy but its 76° here. Some things just seem right.
New strians in from our wearhouse come check it out! Open till 9! :D
Control room. Jungle. Big bugs.
Two Black Cadillacs is such a dark song... But still so good!! :o
TONIGHT | MERGE @ ROXY NIGHT CLUB!! GET ON THE GUEST LIST! E-MAIL: !
But, LOL, I can't agree with this. #CarmeloAnthony is easily worse than KG. ;-)
ramen noodles like a boss
I LOVE when people use gobsmacked!
We may have learned 2 work w/in organizations, but not as well across organizations.Think new platforms for collective intelligence
What Book? Wednesday - today's quote: "We went to the moon to have fun, but the moon turned out to completely suck."
I hate that every time I meet an older guy I am attracted to I have 2 ask- have you ever donated sperm in tx in 1982
One Direction have 17 songs, 1 album, 2 books, 3 music videos, 3 world records, 1 documentary, 1 tour and millions of fans.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
thanks for the
where you got an interview at chick?
good morning! follow me?
goodnight love you Tyler
#dsoc setting up my new netbook w/ Seesmic so i can twitter w/ ease at NOLA!
Where did everyone one go? Did I miss the rupture? Damn it! I knew my alarm clock was going off for something important.
Quick stop Thursday...be through around 4pm!!!
I think I did almost 500 performances for this company. Last one today.
Oh my fault lol RT : man you know I ain't getting married!
Doing jquery, trying to make a shopping cart.
"kimberly's obsession with freedom is now under control"
Love the Skip Bayless rule in sports media. The louder you scream the more important you are. Maybe I should tweet in all caps?
“: Watching baseball just makes me want to play baseball.” you and !
Things are feeling a little festive around here already! Thanks to for the "nerdsgiving" leftovers-yum!
THIS--> « One of the worst feelings is being limited to just being "friends" when all you want is MORE.»
don't worry, I didn't understand more than 10 things in that meeting.
I love it too, totally addicted.
come through like SCUURRRRR....on
Thanks for the shout out!!!
You know, just a business guy, doing business things. With Connie Berg of fame!
haha Jesus that's steep
I hate knowing tomorrow is Monday... I just get a crappy feeling thinking about it :/
I am no such thing. Although I pretend. ": dude come! Would be so sick! You're a high roller now"
First period of WI turkey season started today and I'm already done. Not a giant but decent size bird. Fresh gobbler ready to cook!
This weekend should be pretty damn fun
Caught my phone before it hit the floor.
I'm the bed turn my head 2 the side rayle' but all n my face, lol
Just tucked my daughter into bed. She's still wearing my jersey over her princes nightgown. True fan.
they're still tickets on sale on stubhub.. they're expensive though. Maybe they can be an early Christmas or birthday present?
Rick Pracey from the Avs to talk hockey now! Get a closer look at the Avs' draft, including first round pick Joey Hishon!
lol no! Send me a pic of you and I'll send a pic of me! ;) We'll delete the tweet than, k? ;)
Prepping for SCAA and just got a pitch e-mail ... "the next 40 seconds will change your life ..." kid you not. I read it. Life not changed.
You think not or hope not?!
After the Kiss, get changed up and ready to dance at Latin Night tonight!
Corolla for the day while my truck's in the shop. I feel like I'm about to be squashed and scrape everything.
I will email u in the next hour. Thx!
LOL. I'm his senior. I'm just hopeful that experience and maturity will be a benefit. Lord knows nothing else has worked!
Clemson’s spring practice provide a mixed bag
Landry what do you do during practice? Can't be work on your shot. You suck!
: What's up! Nice to see you around here.
Have you taken the pledge? Only 3 days left to enter to win!
are u there in person??
PC answer RT : #Browns RB Trent Richardson: "I'm here to help Colt and try to make him better.''
Who wants to go walking after midnight?
booty butt cheeks
We got some new Kicks in the Store Pictures are coming Soon... Snapbacks as well
Ohh . Having fun ? c:
Doing a little impromptu Big Eight girls soccer coverage today as Madison Memorial visits rival Verona.
Your Welcome && Follow Me Plsz(:
ESPN picking Orlando to win tonight, still no respect, close em out!!
#TACOTUESDAY (on Wednesday)
that's still super weird 0.0 anywho, you have to try it!
You're so sweet! Doing my best and blogging about the good and bad, mostly good though:)
thank u baby
of course the storm clouds roll in right when im getting off work. boo!
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Legal Research Librarian in a Denver, CO law firm! This position is responsible for providing…
is so 1993
Ditto...completely related RT : twitter has come to a halt #Emchat #overload?
More music-to-talk-on-FM happening as Cromwell prepares to flip Hot AC WPRT (102.5 The Party)/Nashville to Sports in the next few weeks.
these fans that are booing bobby v instead of the players are idiotic!!
has everyone received feedback yet or are you still working on them :)
Awesome! Maybe I'll start there. Thanks so much. Any other tips, I'm all ears.
sounds great!! Remind me how old your little one is
I'm coming out w/a diet. I got my coworkers on it already. It's really easy...the diet & to get ppl to do it.
Andy, Joey and Joe, and they're all acting like drunk fuckers. It's hilarious.
Watching Tom & Jerry:D
No heart attack from shoveling, yet.
Oh, u know my cousin?! “: When are you in LA next? DM me I have some ideas. Ask ”
where can I find info on the top feature phone developers in the U.S.? Seems to be a gap in market for feature phone devs?
that was supposed to be hot sauce
hey plz help me get to 2,000 followers so i can follow my new followers plz :-)
Happy Saturday. What kind of mischief are you guys getting into?
u r such and amazing person...I hope caitlin knows much of an amazing friend u r...don't ever let anyone tell u not <3
Thank you! Wish you could come with! RT : have a great time at #OMS12!
hey zayn.my day was great, how was yours :)
#AmishOutOfOrder is a wonderful show! Makes me smile and cry. Thanks, NatGeo!
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Woodworking News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
you studying?
Michael is goin to Washington DC on tues & my gram just asked him if they were gonna ride the ferry out to see the statue of liberty..
he just left my house he is going home. Cause we r best friends
Jungle beats...Holla at me!! Lol
miss you too cody :) Night!!
he said ew she ugly why she got them poke a dot leggings on lmaoooo
saw you at bonnaroo twice, did you really do mushrooms and walk through the sonic forest?
It's pretty rare for me to find a discussion of Victorian poetry that doesn't merely assume its worth, is the thing.
We should give the Nobel Peace Prize to the person who figures out how to clap while holding a drink at a concert.
There's always that one little section of hair that never does what you want it to.
“: That awkward moment you're trying to get over someone you were never dating.” LOL! And u ask urself how did it become possible?
Don't ever tell me you think I'm losing my accent!!!! ...I will kick you. Shins & throat.
Edgy short film shot with up and coming director...
doesn't want to be my sister :'(
loving bow day :]
Finished with my panel on applied neuroscience. Now in "Contemporary Fictions."
RT : Between tonight and last night's Spirit Awards, I WANNA PUKE on HARVEY WEINSTEIN
RT : The more you praise & celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. -Oprah
H8 THE SMELL OF NAIL POLISH WITH THE INTENSITY OF THE BURNING SUN.
Great, I'll wait to hear from you!
My dad said if you dress like me I would get mugged.. Thanks
I never nudge in real life. But online? You'd better believe I'll nudge. I'll nudge so fast your online head will spin.
is that a euphemism for something?
Ellis Henican rocking the social media panel at the
Wasn't he supposed to go to the packers
#FF our first #FF ever! Spread us out man thanks!
No, it was completely informal..... But I was surprised at how evenly the responses were.
Botched the party quest. When elf asks what you want to smuggle, you can't give him more later. Plus: I am now a experienced caster!
thanks bro! (:
12 away from 500! Thank you :)
so proud of our little bookworm!
#Trivia - Can you guess the one time of the year that is so safe to drive on a highway that no accidents have ever been recorded?
My library DJ name is 2AM because that's when I pop the lights and lock the doors.
Thanks to some great followers!
Dang, Rolf stole my line! The odds are 1 in a million. Now if you suggest partnering with a casino...
Like my friend said, Follow and #UWSMPHIC for info on #medicalmarijuana, #HPV, #rawmilk,
We provide safe storage during lunch other down times, but they sign a waiver making them responsible.
Charles McCabe~ Any clod can have the facts having opinions is an art.
I could have done that!! ;)
Lord may u bless us all thank u for this day amen. Nigga tried to kill my nigga yday.
What is your favorite LGBT non profit?
I'm getting ready to tape an Ah-mazing #AmericasNow show...think 30 minutes of Latin passion--dance, wine and a workplace with NO rules!
Hi Aaron. Please take a look at our line of Organic liquids. I think you will really like them!! Thank you!
i saw Paul Rudd is in it. interesting. i hope it is good. i wonder how much they'll mess with the music.
Ruby Red Squirt = Boss
Watching music videos all day!<3 fuck school!
My friend saw Ronnie from the shore at magic mountain!
Watching #Portlandia, trying to forget that today I learn how to give IV fluids to my cat. Oh yeah, that's gonna be fun.
Her site is amazing! www.kristeenlabrotevents.com
(not being offered within the parameters of my office though!)
I know this dude with the gun needs to step it up and get these kids together!
I'd say bring Mrs. Militia to the game and have an awesome celeration :)
Gay people are halarious!
FOLLOW. ME PLz :)
Thanks to everyone who came out to support GTO Blog at Shecky's tonight!
Good morning from Afghanistan. I forgot how good Isle of Q was. I wish they put out more tunes, but broke up in early 2000s.
Here's another reason to quit smoking: Nearly 1,000 people each year are killed in home fires caused by cigarettes. Put it out - every time.
haha, that's an awesome one. Without ever hearing it, I assumed more of a gin "s" so now I know too! What up for memorial wknd?
“: +1 RT : I just don't see how B. Kelly can stick with Rees this year. At least Golson can make a play.” +2.
But you know why I shouldn't be on fb anyway
No worries, I like Randle. Giants love their 3 WR sets.
I am so excvited for tonight's episode of Face Off!
Getting pizza with
Going to to see who wins our $250 !!!!!!
Procrastinating by tweeting rather than prepping for my mobile media talk on Wed.
Serious shoutout to Oberhofer for their tune "Away From You"... not a plug, but whoever's spinning at Sirius XM U is winning me over!!!
#Gemini has an amazing magical hold over lovers who fall to their intellectual skills. &enjoy the chase rather than the victory
#Thanksgiving madness is beginning! Who is #BlackFriday shopping? Think I'll avoid everything shopping related...
The detroit is packed tonight.. it's gonna be a sweaty show. Lots of love for the gza and wu tang.
you never know what could happen(:
Naveen Andrews was the first person I thought of. :-)
Who are you picking the Packers to pick in the draft? Cal guy wants to know.
my back has been killing me idk what going on imma have to get this checked out
superbugs and diseased meat. Schools feed kids this stuff daily. Scary stuff, yeah?
DM is not working
Life isn't like Burger King. YOU CAN'T ALWAYS HAVE IT YOUR WAY. -_- haha(:
& stop writing in caps. I feel like you're yelling at me.
90% of social media is just showing up. It's the other half that is hard.
yuck x 2772627228
Booking 2013 appearances for the reissue of Nowhere is a Place - kinda sad and exciting since I dedicated the book to my now deceased daddy.
#Nets teasing their fans on their website on their new logo and color scheme with the hash tag #hellobrooklyn. I wonder who inspired that?
Now if only the rest of the world would get it : "A record deal doesn't make u an artist; u make yourself an artist"Lady Gaga
Being barefoot in a bathroom is fuuuuucked up homie.
You're annoying me. Go play in traffic. <<<<
I've named them Sophie and Malcom (Mal for short) ^_^
- Great! Any help U can give HDSA-SD would be much appreciated. ;)
I wear hella hats....figuratively speaking.
I just told someone something and I havent even known them for a long time. But they don't seem to mind :)
had a fun and rewarding week working with the Mansfield Symphony and the fantastic people of the in !
Welp! Time for a new nalgene!
God I have so much thinking to do, nothing in life ever comes easy..
#NowPlaying - I'll Call Ya ;D
Nanners is asleep on my arm, :/ fat ass!! I can't move
Coming home today<3
mom:i gotta get a new ice pack Me:lay down bitch Mom:regan dont speak to me like that Me:shhh im the doctor
I hate people.
- I just switched over, high energy from the Monkeys, natch. :)
Any chance you are coming with Blue to a Tiger game this year? We would love to have you again!
because im always drinking his cum!
Let your family take you back to your original mind
Who's your choice ": DJ Devour on now"
“ I'm so sick of this stubborn, ungrateful bitches.”
In our weekly staff mtng. Of course is all that we are talking about. :)
Im a lil drunk on you, and high on summer time!
": well after thirteen hours of sleep maybe I'll feel like going out tonight. maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>" i wish i could get this kind of sleep lol
Scotch eggs and Canada geese – service station brings nature to motorists
I'm going to watch it with #1 daughter :) She's amazing.
Perfect shabbat.Sermon: Rubashkin shanda.Baseball with family.Gorgeous day, then hailstorm, then rainbow with bracha, then pasta primavera.
na im lookin at the car i wana get cause its so sexy!!!
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there.
New trailer this coming Friday. February 24
hm sunny out! YAY :D
Lol u may havnt answered my Q bout those letters,but this tweet confirms that im right.Have a happy Easter Criss,God loves u.bri
This place is trying real hard to push my buttons. But guess what? I don't give a f*ck. I'm going to #LasVegas bitch!
First Thunderstorm
Except it is actually Sunday, so I guess I should choose cookies.
Gracias Thanks for the follow!
8 hours in a tree today. Now I remember why I stopped doing this 3x a week
Thanks so much, Becks!
schools fuckin dead!
But of course! I see an afternoon of baking in our future
follow me bak!
Thanks, I'll add you to the list! (Yay, Louise :)
I just noticed that doing your laundry teaches you how to be racist. O_o
Missed our best offers of the year? We've got them all week long starting Monday at 10am.
You cray!! is a boss biatch!!!!!
I just wanna run, throw it away.
To writers out there: "A work is never finished, only abandoned in despair." -- at Writers in Paradise conference...
I love me some indie flicks. But I'm watching one that I'm having a hard time finding something nice to say about it.
Selina told me to find you and say hi - I'm here at
? wat sorry to bud in but what my friend is gonna go crazy
Oh what a great tweet! I am thanks. Hope you are as well!
Hello Sweetie Pie! Aren't you cute!! Thanks for following me. I followed you right back too! Purrs.
Book your limo now, spots are filling up fast
Yea i know really to hot today
can't wait Andy ..it's been a while and tired of reruns lol!..
And the #Brewers end that inning with nothing. Still down 6-2.
swag life.
Does anyone kno who goose Tatum is the old basketball player
of course people are nice to you ! You're the hottest girl on the planet , nevermind the plane !
Re: carpool: We didn't get to know each other that well, but maybe after a few more trips to the pool!
Confused can be gud I guess. Let's see how this story goes.
the garden was built in the 30s by RHS Japanese students, destroyed in the 40s during WW2, and rebuilt in 95/96 by RHS students
RT "The Black Eyed Peas are so very tiresome." - Did they ever get it started?
Time for a beer.
did you do it yet?
OOKK. imma not gonna go there wit u tonight
Wondering why the 75 year old grandpa in front of me on the train is reading a book titled Sexual Abuse.
It's completely understandable why the Steelers are losing. I hope they win. They would definitely rough up New England.
at this point I'm hooked to you O.O
Consumer versions are targeted for release in 2013. Industrial / Defense / Development Units in Q3 of 2012
cuz i just love it there :D
CONGRATS GIRL!!! LOVE YOU SO MUCH. YOU GUYS DESERVED IT!
Subs at cane ridge... smh
Time for a little two man band practice today. Working on new tunes and getting some band business done.
Awww I miss you too! I haven't seen you guys in forever!!!
#lessambitiousmovies apocalypse later
good luck with that homie!!!
announces ultimate education site coming in less than 60 days. W.wekidgaming.com. Family friendly, educational and engaged
what's your favorite hobby?
“: Have #Canucks fans taken the top spot over #MapleLeafs and #Packer fans as the most annoying in the biz?” win something MN
when did they announce this?
Eric Benet 'The One' Album: Singer Shares Story Behind Working With Lil Wayne
You get a free meal at chickfila if you come dressed as a cow. So get a move on.
Ha. Right!! LIke that idea! :)
you know you have problems when you can't pack for a week in an obnoxiously big soccer duffle bag
Thank you for guessing!!
Sorry and ": Oh, your email address is ? You're so modern.”
awesome to see you here. Thanks for following me!
": Happy Mothers Day to you beautiful women!! ". I'm late!
Ok give me your predictions for Top 3 on #DragRace ... and who you think is going all the way?? In related news...
Omg bank of america sent me aa replacement debit card and it's NOT Hello Kitty! THIS IS NOT OKAY.
basically, sunday. i send you an email.
if i work by myself il cry....
On the fool crying laughing at
Thank You and God Bless U in 2012!
Frogger originally had another name -- what was it?
Happy New Year! Hoping it is a safe night for everyone.
Three more employers have signed onto Well City Milwaukee as Phase 2 charter employers. Stay tuned for more.
What's the difference between a mephistophelean bargain and a faustian bargain? Nothing?
Dang, dont want to get ahead of myself, but Chaya's got the early lead... going to be hard to beat this miso for sure!
I got stood up by my man on the boat. I just can't complete with the boat. I need to get my own boat and we'll see about that.
Translated a portion of a sermon by Martin Niemöller for today.
glad you caught that! ;0) Confused me as well. Catch you in Jan.
What a screwed up day. No quorum.
ahh Cole Porter!
It was great to get off the trail long enough to shoot down to Mortons Gap to wish Mayor Stafford a happy birthday.
"I like all music except country." -Someone who doesn't know a lot about a lot of things.
It is burning up on me like laser lights this sun
I'm working towards having my work be my full time work so I can be more happy. Its tough work, working towards this goal.
Love my Bobbe
We want you… trade to the
you gotta try "33" and "Disarm"
Judging from the skype call the yobi team came across as easy to work with and cool. I cant wait to meet them.
Trixie just caught her second mouse in less than twenty minutes. Not sure if that is good or bad.
Richwine takes commanding lead in commissioners race against tea party's McCartney.
*waving back* thx for coming! -CV
Wait. This show is next Monday, right? RT : Racebanon with when Dinos rules the earth tonight!
I miss the regulars, like the lady who called about Applebees charging her $2 extra to sub a side in her 2-for-$20 meal.
my event is in Las Vegas/blue sky yoga become an ambassador at yogaaid.com/usa
What you feed gets bigger. Are you feeding negative thoughts? Or are you feeding love, joy, and peace?
Bed time. My back is killing me! 2 week of school left, scheduling tomorrow. Finally going to take AP classes that I should be in.
thks for following!!
Whitney was a great inspiration to everyone at Eastsport. RIP, sorry for being late
"Nowadays we confuse physical touch with sexual harassment." -Juan on the need for real connections in a online world
ya'll should check out club rain fri. june 18 1st ever famous friday hosted by money in da bank free cover
": I love the way you lie... JK, lie to me again & I’ll throw a chair at your face."
What do u call two Mexicans playing basketball with each other?
Combat #PTSD is confusing for children. They mistake the love-fear emotions toward a parent as something "wrong" with themselves
ya so I do know you kinda lol.. Maybe heard of not know haha. Ya Will is hilarious
The music really makes the video. I'm laughing. "It's in the alley...because we keep it ghetto."
hey lady, got a book for you! I will bring it Sunday.
RT : Currently beginning to get college fantasy football league set up. It's on.
A talent-ready organization has the human capital infrastructure in place to make sure the right people have the right skills in the right …
2 more months then it's off to Puerto Rico to marry the love of my life!
oh thanks man. How sweet.
Shannon, I can't access the chat
Kinda creepy: Apple App Store reviewer's Facebook test account discoveredhttp: ://t.co/zmdDKi6j by
Perfect day for the Baseball Championship at Camden Yards! Come see Poly battle Digital Harbor! First Pitch 205! No Cost
Two sweet sessions at White Hall...200 ladies singing to Jesus. So beautiful!
(1/2) Have you seen the documentary on them? Called loudQUIETloud. Can't recommend it enough. Amazing how...
true story
i hate guys !
now to start preparing for the practise dinner party :)
should we take responsibility for our own health and stop blaming it on doctors, lawyers, soda companies and the like??. OF COURSE!!
Thank you so much for your comment about my book being helpful to you as a classroom teacher. I so appreciate that!
s/o to for always being there for me & being one of the most amazing & prettiest people i know. love you!!
I do I do! What do you need? A friend of mine did Meg and Dom's wedding photos.
Bout to hit this gym on a Saturday gotta start my day right !!!
#ThingsThatAreSEXY Long tongues
Henry Blanco has some ugly tribal tattoos on his arms. Probably why he grounded out.
Who the fuck calls someone at 3:30 in the morning, to discuss emotions... oh that's right does
#HowToPissAFemaleOff- when guys don't stand up for their girl, Why does it seem like I have more balls than you in this relationship..
We'll see you at the screening tonight!
Laziest Friday night.
Reminding myself to be thankful. He gives, He takes, He blesses with both. Easy to say, hard to accept.
Make cups
Hey guys! I've been camping out at Assembly Hall since this morning to get into tonight's game.
BLOCK PARTY today @ 12! FREE FOOD, inflatables, bball, pingpong, hotdog eating contest! Come eat, play, meet new people! 15th & University.
It was a moisture farm!
Seeing my first grade teacher who also goes to my church at BW3s
We are on fb too! www.facebook.com/sperantsa
#NowPlaying Finding Dick Oatts "Two Hearts" a CD I keep coming back to. Standards played in a way that they sound fresh, a point of view.
There's such a thing as a bacon shake? I think it would actually be grosser if it DID contain bacon.
Eek! The "to do" list for re-opening the Wickersham House Museum is getting longer. Fortunately, so are the days!
well "the belltown pub" is better than just any 'ol Belltown pub, so that seems good.
RT : An #Aquarius will listen to everyone's advice, but in the end, they follows no one and just do it the way they want
How do you spend your time? Do you "look" like wealth or are you "building" wealth?
Join us for Storytime at the Tutt Branch on January 25th at 10:30am for children 5 and younger. Call 282-4637 for more information.
hey pimpin is your rap name X Da Don?
This is why Cubs didn't spend money on big-name free agent!
oh... But yeah, i'd most likely be out of school... You should fly me to boston. Haha :P
Huh, wonder why none of the libraries that start with "K" have sent in their E-Rate forms. Some kind of selective protest?
They make a gold color nickel. Pretty cool looking. Won't raise the value of the dollar tho.
can you guys come visit?? :)
RT : Floyd Maywether Hope U Watched LIN hit the Gamewinning 3 With .005 Seconds Left.Our Guy Can BALL PLAIN AND SIMPLE.RECOGNIZE!
oops, I spent most of today working on something not due for a few days, instead of the stuff I need to finish before leaving today...
Just so ny condon is the crack spot;
Holy crap, just submitted my application to grad school!
Happy Holidays. My 3yr old wants to know why the Grinch did not get "time out"
i dont have your number
Oh well heading 2 bed...crazy day tomorrow
I've been good my dear-just workin hard on a couple of projects and staying hater-free LOL
Having a simple convo with friends-boils down to a simple question that no1 the answer to...FkIT ask Siri lmao
Cheers! Happy Labor Day!!!
LG to de WERL!!!! **tee hee** LED "Life is Good" for real yow! Had no idea that's wat it stood for...bet da CEO is cool as HELL! lol
RT : My girlfriend's sleepy voice is absolutely adorable :) #ILoveHer // aw ! Heehee (:
Where are they going to now/where did they come from?
We had a great time at The Press Room. There was a lot of good engery in the place. The stage was full of great talent.
ah, finally home from work, no kids, no wife around...oh yeah, SLEEP!!!
I can not WAIT to hear that!!!
okay cool:)
the makings of a christmas card....
Ambition is Cool, Accomplishments are Better
Im retype that tweet.
I voted for all the including , , seabrook, and crawford haha
LMFAO i just died
Did I introduce you to Macklemore? Don't think so. Cool you found him and thought of me.
Shop with a mobile app. Making e-commerce simple
Thanks! It'll be focused on music and culture. We're in the pre-production stages now.
We will all live/sleep vicariously through unless we all tweet and wake her azz$$ up ;) or she puts us on silent!
Holiday drinks at Starbucks and then straight to bed!
I use it to transcribe interviews. Great to be able to embed the audio and then have it come up with full text searches
Harney and Sons hot cinnamon spice tea best. tea. ever.
HEY, new "Lincoln MKS"! NOW it doesn't get terribly "interesting". NOW it gets "oldish". At LEAST get in bed with your demographic, bitches.
Khadim's name is on it!
I might like that better!! Sadly, the preview is very much NOT awkward, teen, outsider!Poe. To my sadness!
Do you know how bad I want to play #trueamerican??
One pump chump
I don't feel like doing this work.. Ugh.. Why do finals even have to exist?!
I think some of the mess is the blurring between professional & personal. Reporters as own brand & the orgs brand = messy
I like Macbeth for the dark magic and intrigue. I saw it at the Globe and the actors were covered in blood and dirt.
hey, Tom, did you get my email?
morning lol its true piss me off #Pisces and i literally bite back. i bite my sisters
fan appreciation night was good, except for Giguere. lost 6-1. Oh well. Still got to see the in person for the 1st time!
It is easy to do business with us just email or call us and buy with confidence. Paypal accepted.
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made Of, wow, she's brilliant. she's the only teenage disney stay that wasn't ruined. she's gotta me a come back.
RT : i just auditioned for wu tang clan. can't wait to hear back! // this proves my friends are the coolest people ever.
And a solid all night grind in 8 game and then ridic hot PLO sesh, I end up in familiar territory, tilted out of mind from Joiso and 08...
too much dancing, not enough running.
It's on today: slow-braised lamb with sweet red peppers, onions and feta... yes, thinking of you. Love to serve you; ride on over.
Sketching out a painting for a large painting i'll be doing at an event Saturday night
: I MISS YOU DOG CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU HOMMIE GOD BLESS HAVE A SAFE TRIP BACK...
I've recently taken a liking to techno dance music, which odd since I don't dance.
just wanted to tell you that , and I are waiting for a follow back ._.
Ping.fm not posting today. Prolly just as well b/c I'm really annoyed.
#welovebruno #welovebruno made another account just for this !!
LOL his love like woe style? because I think he's sound great either way. His OLD OLD style is great with his untrained voice
LMAO! Damn those boys were hot! We gotta up our game. Drooling in the corner of an elevator isn't gonna get us anywhere!
Happy Wednesday!!!!
#Medeco. Yes. I'll put together the questions, with answers, and post them in the next couple of days.
i have a pretty birthday cakee :D
What did you think? #Pariah movie
Dang it the whole thing? Oh! Evan is like Spencer my nephew guess what he did ?
who's using sm's account?
We'd love to do a show there!
totally missing speech to work on Odyssey.
I'm signing off - thanks for all your wonderful questions - would love to do another #ESHealthChat again soon! Happy Good Friday! - Becky
Make sure you check out www.954hiphop.com + www.561movement.com
:) RT : ...just can't wait to get on the train again... the life I love is building companies with my friends...
#Tangled is officially my favorite movie, it's cute, funny, sad, cute, funny lol & that little chameleon is effin adorable <3 (: haha
Hopin' I'm lookin' like a cougar when I'm older and have kids.
« #MiddleSchoolMemories meeting at the bus stop!!» Hell yea lol
well..is everything okay?
We love baseball! That David Freese game winning homer in game six of the World Series was amazing!
Lastly, thanks for being honest about your Prufrock-hawk.
I voted the 25 times that I could! :)
RT : A girls emotions is something that is not to be fucked with.
Heading to Da Drop to celebrate my B-Day. Leaving at 11pm ......See u there.......
When my doubts and insecurities get the best of me, hold me close and don't let go.
Pirozhki or Pear Salad?Birch tree or Cranberry,Apple,Pineapple,Orange & Tomato juice.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>our menu 4 great lunch options!
Textbook double play from the #Cubs getting the Cubs fans excited!
but she would put ur elbow right back until i finally turned around and was lik... 0_0 LiL GIRL!!!!
If you have ever tried an authentic French baguette you will be on your way to understanding their nation's obsession.
Hi i m new in twitter...i need followers....will u plz follow me....n u r really beautiful n i wil b glad if u follow me...
A common #beauty myth: Dry skin causes wrinkles....Not true. Most wrinkles r caused from the sun. Protect your #skin w/sunblock!
3 ppl stayed home from BV today
Congratulations - I'm sure you'll have fun. What days will you be working typically?
Not sure. How long ago?
Good Morning! Have you made your hair appointment? If not, you should call us 901-794-0553
She is gorgeous!
Packing up way too soon. And I didn't even get to use the bed!
There is no good path to take when you come to a spork in the road.
Plenty going on at the studio today. Coffee's up!
Philly is not that good of a team. WTF
The sister is moving into her own apartment with the nephew today. It's her first place she's rented on her own. I'm excited for her.
They dont have a twitter
that youre too beautiful and twitter doesnt want you to get hate from insecure bitches lulszsz
Saw #thechosen at the tandem theater last week. Great play ... Go see it !
If you keep your cat indoors it's whole life, what kind of stories will it have to tell it's grand kids?
What's that I hear? Let's go Naptown!!!
Just finished a great interview w/ Lisa Renner at !
LOVE hearing on taking about and !
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
Spending the day applying for jobs far far away...
Apparently, drunkenness features time distortion.
Heat take the lead <U+2764><U+2764>
Share your pics as you Dine Out for Life today! RT : Don't forget to take photos of yourself out at
What is your favorite family-friendly activity in Central Florida?
Call me maybe
He probably works for the government.
We'll be waiting with your caffeine fix!
What are you doin? Come to for holiday gift ideas, free food & cocktails and fab giveaways www.twtvite.com/mmsholiday
Can't wait for season 2 tonight!
Damn Chicago Y did D.Rose's knee have to do dat????
I may not be perfect, but atleast im not fake.
los angeles.
Just got a 7 cent residual check for an Internet rental. They even took out 3 cents 4 taxes.
Work hard & be kind. Be really, truly kind.
well thanks for saying that it was your pleasure thanks
terrible. So terrible
Me and my bleeding whiteboard in my last show would like to disagree just a little.
Looking for spinal neurosurgeon in Tampa Bay or Florida, can anyone recommend someone?
I introduce to you my political machine, the Box Project. Getting money out politics with nudity!
lol, oh, i thought you meant Rukstele's
Salty it's not Stevie? For me it was between Hart and Parker. Plays EXACTLY the d-mid position England's been missing for SO long
We're just proud #BSOS can host incredible events like the #SadatForum! Glad you made it out!
anyone else? Will this interfere with regular season play potentially? I'm excited for them though!
PCH has the most beautiful coastline views on a clear day than any other place in the world except for the French Riviera!
you have known thiss! stay home and get drunk with me
Thanks for the #followfriday !
he said what's yo name on here , && I typed yo name.
I wonder in next election, a new presidental candidate will emerge from Got influence and donation backing!
I believe it!
Theory: for art, being novel is a shortcut to having worth.
Awesome, thanks! Sorry to bring up painful FLL memories. *shaking fist*
No worries! We'd love to have you at a future event make sure to join the group for meetup updates!
Dumb throw Ramos! Haha! C'mon #Cubs, make something happen!!!
I got to pick the new keg for our kegerator today. I choose Big Bark! Woot!
Me and matt got all types of ditched tonight.. At least we have each other
Excuse me, ladies. I have a couple business matters to attend to. Sweet dreams. Laters, baby
on my 3rd bottle of water , i was dehyrated or some damn
We were all screaming like idiots. In a good way of course. But yeah ...WOW.
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/21/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I am in a fabulous mood this morning...Landing in the beauitful Dominican Republic in less than 3 hours...
picture me rolling
All Apple fans click here! www.appletekguru.com
Not true. The Kimchi Taco Truck is frequently parked next to a building
what is you doing bitch.
I think Kevin Durant might be the best player in the league!
Apparently "gamification" of applications is the wave of the future.
RT : Is this a gym or a fitness museum?
just fire spitting, breh
Catch my mixes tonight from 1-2am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago and 1035kissfm.com!
thanks to for following me!!!!! <3
Im saying!They still gotta chance tho
I'm going to start bitching at someone if this doesn't trend. HUSTLERS LOVE ATL
you just got 700 followers in 2 minutes. New kid knows the cool kids. Def prom queen this year. ;)
lol well we had Austin,Alex,Robert,Zach,Tyler....all the other hot youtubers...:$ Texas is big;) we got the hotties
best of luck to you!! Thanks for using ShowClix & have an amazing time !!
I want some Red Lobster!
PLEASE HELP ME BY GIVING ME SHOUT OUTS I JUST NEED 7 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH 100 PLEASE!!!!!
Thank you and I will go ham on for that! Lol
it's just I HATE bugs. U don't get it SMH
Thank you so much for the compliment! We are working hard to get great, free programs and classes to the public!
Thank u
hanging leg raises :D
Oh wow! Ms. Cooper the last of the true classy broads! How can you not kiss her feet before sticking your fingers in her hair?
That's just plain white coach. Big white coach is the other one.
I would really appreciate a follow back to get me started on here!!!!!
"Awards" program should be a fun kick-off for breakfast series - Glad to be in the audience!
don't wake me up if i'm sleeping this life away.
Keep your brain well trained on www.cognifit.com/
Watching 13 Assassins. Good stuff.
EDC, how I want to be there. Hope everyone, including my friends have a great time! Can't wait till Im able to attend
Thank you!! It seems to have worked thus far....brilliant :)
your mom goes to college
Oh me? Nothing much, just documentary-ing
Cut a tree down today in my backyard, and ended up destroying my backyard lightpole when it fell on it. I guess I better stick to my day job
At the Rose Quarter this morning -- the delayed vote on where to build a baseball stadium for the Beavers. Your thoughts on the issue?
Well lookie here, you made a rhyme!! :)
Now's your chance to jump start your #workouts and save! Learn about our special offer on the F7 Fold Away Gym Today!
RT at Morikami Museum & Japanese Gardens, woman says to another, "It looks like a lot of stuff in here is Japanese."
#2012NBAPlayoffs = #76ers Stole Homecourt From #Celtics In A Dog-Fight Game And Tie Series Up * #OKC Destroy The #Lakers In Game 1 *
It's true. ... like that little brother you can't wait to give a noogie.
#onlyskinnyppl wear the new jack city box cut wit the wiz khalifa dye job
fuck that! It was hell! At least I had it with Michael lol
Seems like its #quote night. bring it
ik but he's locked up now
Why am I so damn sleepy
Good half Nuggs!!! Gotta come out strong this half for once!
Did you include Autism as part of the plan?
As many times yu put it das how much u gettin beat tf up!
Go Bobcats, mrowwwww. Do you know what the gist of the snub was?
Doing shots on the train
Daylight Saving Time discriminates against vampires.
If you are interested in community service, come out to the Community Service Programs and Events joint meeting tonight at 7pm at GWUL.
#NW bad girls club reunion pt2
As many lows there is in life, u deserve to be high...
I swear if a bunt shows up this inning, I'm lighting something on fire!
With my bitcchhhh
Now that my headache is gone... it's a fine day to put together a big metal shed for the backyard!
Uh oh, Pats may take a guy Browns want.
Tired...ready for that sunday nap
Watch out for my new single "Makin Love" Soon to be available for download.
2011 Richmond Folk Festival starts 2nite! #RFF Enjoy variety of American culture thru music, dance, traditional crafts, storytelling & food
Thanks Dan! MT “: RI too! "#1 issue in CT economy is #college grads & workforce alignment." #engaged””
G Blood presents white paper for digital video preservation - what I came to #AMIA11 hoping for!
looking to get some large oversize prints made, mounted on foamcore in seattle, suggestions?
Google is doing much more for #accessibility. It's good for all users of Google products across devices
Just got back from williamsburg Im there twice a week my favorite place for happy hour!
Once files in the sys most ppl deal w/ the lower res derivates, so smaller. Ppl are successfully using RS for large video archives.
Inspiring under-the-radar book - In the Sea There are Crocodiles by Geda, based on a true story of a boy fleeing the Taliban.
My mother has an expensive Nikon camera but is taking photos of DC with her iPhone...?!?
School of the Arts dancers made me want to start dancing proffessional like that
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope it's a good one(:
Buckets!! #werk RT dropped 57 pts on the Bobcats.That's more pts than Illinois scored against Wisconsin today
" If we are waiting for others to improve before we cease being offended, we will be waiting forever."~J.J.Dewey
Why in the world would you have it interpreted by nine lawyers?
12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Hi Edward. What are you trying to build? Ruby and PHP can both run simultaneously, but you can't combine both.
thanks for the RT
I was waiting for that. Hit send to fast. You know how we be doing it in the 731! HAHAHAHAHA
can you help my friends and i shoot a hoe with your nerfgun. ? PLEASE
not sarcasm. I do like it except when I have to go drive
My mom's G grandfather on her dad's side was John Lambert. Her GG grandfather on her mom's side was...John Lambert.
A person can only take so much. :/
I've listened to Girls Gone Wild...20 times in days....
#10ThingsIWantToHappen Paul Wesley to appear at my front door (or in bed preferably)
Sent out a marketing piece yesterday and heard from three past clients in two hours. People just need to be reminded sometimes...
I wish I would've gone to school today.
Too Turnt Up...
YOU are seriously a stage FIVE creep!!! but that's okay, I still love you...
Lied too once again
thanks for the read... I've got a week to finish any work for my exhibition and I'll be needing this strategy!
hey T... I have been good. Just working and grinding on the music tip... Ill be at CCA on May 5th.. Will you be there?
Finally someone who will fully enjoy me in the sack! RT All that I'm after is a life full of laughter
your welcome were happy to follow fellow tweeters
$BPAC making moves!
Get a holla to the #303 ! Nothing better than the state of Colorado!
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore : Heinrich Heine says "When words leave off, music begins." -check out the music
AD 65: Nero goes apeshit and proceeds to wild out and act a fool.
There are some pretty big storms in the forecast. Maybe an erg workout or erg relay with your crew tonight?
u best go nigga
Country music singer Martina McBride will reportedly sing the national anthem at the Indy 500 on May 27.
I'm beginning to feel like a true
#youth justice attygenrl holder presents to ntl forum to prevent youth violence. 6cities 6 efforts. Stay tuned
It's a meeting at a home. We're waiting on someone to show. No other work to be done.
An animal`s right to the pursuit of happiness - <U+B3D9><U+C544><U+C77C><U+BCF4>
Check out skullmanrecords.com for a discography and examples of Newman's vast catalogue
can't wait to see you in dallas monday!!!
RT : Have a great sunny weekend
"Oh just come to Canada, you make me so happy." - 's Mom
I don't feel so bad now lol
Oh, will be at #Crunchies don't you worry. Travel bug in me is jealous of MTV trip though
Happy Mother's Day! We'll see you at 11am for brunch & coffee.
“: Wait when is Z going to London? Like i need to go see her. Even tho I don't live there.” uh you live in la rotf
Congrats on winning a free copy of COUNTRY OF THE BAD WOLFES from CPP! DM your name/address. Enjoy & thanks for playing!
Amazing Q&A with screenwriter David Seidler last night. He inspired me and also provided a kick in the ass.
: no one can fire up a crowd like Sen Franken
If I had my way, I would not have hiccups that feel like esophageal earthquakes. But that's just me.
Ryan Reynolds is a babe.
I'm not saying she should've been handcuffed/arrested, but that report doesn't mention she struck a teacher. What 6 y/o does that?!
U.S. Under-23 Men vs. El Salvador Under-23 Men, 8pm I believe we get this match. I will update if need be.
Excited to have on board as our first event sponsor for Corks n' Forks this October! Stay tuned for more details :)
Hi! Im good! RT : Hello how are you
Live TV from Richmond VA rally. Best w/ NBC12 chatterboxes on mute. Love the diverse crowd. Team America , not the 1%.
And i have this feeling in my stomach. A feeling i cant explain, not talking to you. oh boy you dont even know the pain . /:
Nope, I don't smoke so there are two of us on this boat
Yup. Just gotta watch him fail and maybe eventually figure it out sometimes :)
lord i aint try to be messy but ur little trade so sexy
Great convo - looking forward to seeing you soon! RT : Always a treat to talk w the smart & savvy ! :)
today is a very sad day lets keep in mind all the people that tragicly lost thier lives 10 years ago today may they Rest In Peace <3
Do you love me because I am beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me? ---Oscar Hammerstein II In Cinderella.
? Yankees get a homerun off a fan interference
Nice work, we're impressed RT : Whoever tells you that you can't do everfi in one day lacks
love me some Grohl & Josh projects! btw, do you follow ? Any friend of Foo that's also a Packer fan is incredible.
Scored a booth from the set of the cee-lo, forget you vid. Dining room gonna look sick
Here we go!
Shakespeare is now huge in AsIA!!! They LOVE him there now!!! China, Thailand, Singapore, Japan... Now that is the test of a true writer!!!
Loe gets the. Ground ball
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Why not learn your legal rights BEFORE you take a major life step like marriage, divorce or having a child?
Some of the latest research indicates that the presentation needs to be fun in order to be engaging.
Love this. used to live right there: Bring #Craftboston ticket to SAC's galleries at 175 Newbury St-receive 10% off thru 5/31!
nice toss, yummy
How would you recommend the Yahoo Board of Directors best demonstrate "heroic leadership" in this crucial period?
RT Congratulations to , Zeppos & Associates' newest account executive!
Awesome RT: We are so excited for Steppin' Up tomorrow! We are getting all set up. Can't wait to see you there !
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <3
MT : Today is Queer Youth Advocacy Day in Sacramento! Proud to partner with for safe schools & equality!
Oh, I did—I just don't see it happening. Then again, I didn't see McCain–Palin, either, so...
no fuck you guys.
hey titface. come over
almost finals time!
I thank God for Benadryl...that's the only way my son would fall asleep last night.
Purpose of reading impacts the medium "I would never use paper for research" -Tenopir
thanks and I understand what you r trying to type!
I genuinely hate fucking everyone and everything.
fill one out if you're so confident
Take away the cubicles to increase collaboration and productivity in your company.
Not necessarily. Australia could still land Expo 2017, which would only be a 29 year gap.
This last week was the best week in sports, I can ever remember, I really hope this continues!!!
Saw for a 2nd time, I enjoyed it just as much as I did the first time. Great job
make it happen
when I have to study
Driving back from UK with mom and dad, it was really cool!!!!
Lose an hour weekend. Bummer.
Thanks so much, Michael. It was a pretty big honor!
The TV part of triple play needs to be dropped or completely turned over to ISP to run over community networks
shh. She's not going to be surprised now.
Hearing "Cooper track meet at Walton" and laughing (:
No, Shanequa and Timothy are not here you have the wrong number omfg stop calling me once a week
So bored. Wanna chat up a storm?
Aren't all giftsfree? Not-free gifts: dogs, 20% off coupons, email lists that post 200 times, gym memberships, singing cards
I'm not excited about the new Spider-Man. I'll see it, of course, but I'm not counting down the days.
Good leaders are made not born. If you have the desire and willpower, you can become an effective leader.
wait... did you just coin term "sheroes"? Never heard it but kinda love it!
Thanks for all the love!
Mr.D's painting has been serving San Diego county for over 25 years. Look us up on the web or call us @ 619-562-5848
Thanks very much.
Hey! Just wanna say hey! Big MWC fan of yours! Ever in Chicago...stop in my bar.. the booze cold for ya..!
When Paulina licks Maria cookies and sticks them on her face >>>>>>>
Just completed paperwork on the next booking. Castings are rolling out.
that sucks
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
LUV U GUYS VICTORIOUS!!!
Water with a packet of - loaded w/ C and B's - Amazing results. I drink one a day for maintenance & 3 when I travel.
but mostly me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> but I have a feeling that won't happen. We're never on at the same time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
hey i loved your in the hunger games, you were really cool. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back, no lie. =)
I know it takes 3 hours to watch it, so watching it three times is a full work shift, minus lunch.
GREAT to get an instal photo from a happy client, means everything arrived *fine*, everyone is *happy*—two huge key components to success!
Just felt a small earthquake here at work...not California-sized, but definitely unusual for DC!
A genius is a man who can re-wrap a new shirt and not have any pins left over.
am I the only one who thinks its absolutely bizarre when people make Facebooks for their pets???
Amanda of AR will be singing tonight at the Red Wings Game! God Bless the USA btw 2&3period!
The letter lately received naturally suggested the topic.
Good move. He can start if needed and makes a very reliable backup when/if they bring someone else in.
It's in the 40's outside and it's freezing in school, why are girls wearing shorts...
Brew up some iced tea for summer! Come try our new flavors: Plum and Pear Green Tea, Mango Passion Fruit Rooibos and Red Fruits Black Tea
Not yet, but I'm excited to try them when I do my spring/summer shopping!
Has anyone else noticed that most older hispanic have a belly?? Lol fatass nigga need to go some where with this singing
Lindy Fix tonight at 8 tonight at PCH! Lesson with Rob and Arlette. DJ Rob! Drop-ins are welcome for Beg/Int Charleston at 7 :)
Headin to the Laker game...BOX SEATS BABY!!!
Please share the link RT Reading quotes from in WHIR article today on Hosting customer support
“: will gladly unfollow anyone who goes to the hinder show next week....” Ditto.
James Durbin is my fave too! He's got such a powerful voice and, wow, what a range! I'm a sucker for a dynamic rocker!
Feel free to stop by whenever. That goes for all my OG's. Mid-Evenings are free for me every night. Friday nights, too.
Win 2 COURTSIDE Seats - BULLS vs. HEAT - 3/14/2012. Redeem a Bartab drink at any Bar 1 Events Venue to enter to WIN!!!!
Thanks for the RT
Happy belated birthday!
Just got out the tub.
First day off and only spent 20 minutes on the couch watching TV. Being unemployed is busy work. And those 20 minutes were The Chew. Ugh...
Well, my decision is made.
speed doesn't come overnight. practice guys!
dude, i agree. we want to see the real stars in the dunk contest. not shannon brown and nate robinson for the 4th time.
Confession #5: I'M SINGING "JUST A DREAM" by Nelly. RIGHT NOW.<3 And I recorded it................
Next stop, the homeless shelter. 2012 has just been so fucking awesome!
Genius. RT : Finally! TerraNova is on!!!!
I'm here now and think it would be better to tell them over the phone.
Nobody fouled anybody???
Certainly. Is a good sign he's getting old and losing touch/his touch. Weiner again and symbolism.
I went to see footloose with my parents. we should still go see it because i loved it lol. :)
..your "dreaming" if u think ur better at math than an A<U+E50B><U+E33E><U+E321>N.....BAZINGA
Denver has missed you!
just getting ready for church Happy Easter
THAT IS BOLOGNA between two slices of white bread. i am shocked she even said that !
I miss talking to like everyday omg :(
I Love Impact Church, thanks for the follow!
its not my fault..facts is facts
Ur the reason I smile when I wake up
Nasty Boy Knobs said Hi ..LOL
love this song
Follow for surreal stories about LA.
was it you that shoved me in a locker?
& I are working on our side project dream, to support #struggling #children & #families thru #education & more!
I really think working out and being in shape makes ppl happy
following done
Today is The Militant's 3-year anniversary on Twitter! Ain't no foolin'!
Happy Birthday to the greatest of fake news geniuses Jon Stewart! We're sending over to jump out of your cake.
IS ANYBODY GOING TO THE CHICAGO 1D CONCERT THATS GUNNA TRY AND GET WRISTBANDS WEDNESDAY? ~15days<3x~
yes! it is awful here! we were the only ones like in our area north and south that did have school. everyone was bitching. :P
Merry Christmas Gab:)!
“: If you flick your nipple, it takes 7 seconds to get hard.” people that know me understand. Hahaha.
Imma get me a professional message before I turn 23
Thanks for the RTs! >
We lost last night. Ex Los Angeles Lakers Sean Rooks is playing on Tuesday. Also we are waiting for ex NBA Player Jeff Trepagnier
Studying for chemistry and tweeting
I think that is great! :) If you follow me back, I can send you a DM!
Only one Answer! rel to sexy tweetsFollow back me
not at the production sig?
So basically pennies. But I guess 35k was probably pennies for Big Baby.
unless, of course, that was part of the joke... in that case, I retract my statement. And I am an idiot. Bahaha.
RT "Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment." - Lao Tsu
Happy 1st day of fall term! A special welcome to EnTec students setting foot in a classroom for the first time in yrs. Carpe Diem!
RT : Somebody said Chris bosh looks like a gay giraffe hahahahaahahahahahaahahaha (You are better than this.)
where the gang at?
Oh, had a facial in the Philippines by a doctor, everyone else was getting one and insisted. Strange, lol.
Tuesday: America's #1 Unsigned Artist Showcase, Club Pyramid NYC-8pm. Artists perform FREE (2 songs). Must bring @ least 1 paying guest. $15
I was just asked "are you losing weight?"...oh this gym and low carb combo better be working!
..Dysfunction sets in when you seek your self in it and mistake it for who you are.” Eckhart Tolle
miss you to princess
One lane. one lane out of FIVE open for bridge work on the OTHER SIDE OF 95.
The awkward moment when you throw something at your friend and it hits someone else.
if I make myself throw up.. Do you think we can leave this town?? I allergic to the smell..
Aubeni showed all late and stopped he hole class lol
I love my simple tablet but it fails to let me follow new people easily.
WHOA WE'RE HALFWAY THE-YARE
The only book character that I really wanted Alex Pettyfer to play was Jace :P
Don't try to silence my words with your lies.
I second Gianti, you are all so wonderful and I'd love to meet each and every one of you :) (especially you Gianti!) -Caitlin x
If you're doing one thing at a time, you're probably bored.
What the fuck does "I am. A ____'s printed round t-shirt" even mean?
Thanks for the great thought for leaders: "Want to be a better listener? Be less selfish and more curious."
i think that may be something u can download from your pc vendor if u don't have orig disks
Off to the pool, then to the pub.
it was so amazing ! ;D like no joke I loved it !! (:
I can't wait to see my supportive bf next Friday. And the beach <3
alas! i've already fallen off the wagon of #noemailday today. will try to keep to the spirit of the day tho.
just revoke facebook to post my tweets lol
oh ok lol I got blackberry phone.
Lmao RT : What if Floyd get knocked out in the first round?
omg that is so sad
You should know that this love is unconditional!
Giants suck!
sure no prob
My vet too! Best vet's office ever :-)
Whos down to kick it?
I want food, and i want Pie!! NOW!!
That awkward moment when a picture of my backside is on the Boston Youth Fund website....
Proud to be a Badger RT UW ranks 27th in worldwide reputation, says
Looking for a rideto work for bike to work week? Let us do the pedaling: call 414-272-ride for a pick-up!
Losing the battle doesn't mean you've lost the war and winning the battle doesn't mean you've won the war.
thanks! I got the idea seeing someone read an actual book on the train this morning. It was like sighting an endangered species.
i hope she'll be ok.<3
"the dune bug is tight"-
that's okay :) you can do it when your off your phone ! What ya up to?
According to Adam Schefter, the punishment for the Saints players will be announced today.
& Brittany ,what type of dancing is your fav?Alexis,How did u become a model?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
NIGGAZ SEE ME IN DA STREETS AND SALUTE ME LIKE A GENERAL
Thank you to my friend Vietnam Vet "Doc," recipient of Silver Star, Bronze medal, Purple Heart, and other meritorious commendations. Luv ya
Great start to my dig. hist. class: History, Now! Digital Media, Social Crisis, Hist'l Perspectives. We'll be using the tag
lol!!!! She's just helping her mama test :)
on the 8th day, God created office snuggies. brrrrr
I'm not excited that Dallas won, but I am thrilled that Miami Lost!!!!! Hahaha!
Download MyTalkTools Mobile Lite. Its free. See what you think. Comes with free subscription for authoring site.
Welcome home. :)
haha thanks for thinking of me. But I guess this ONE time I'm lucky to be in a town with no
Home now(: that was fun!
It's tough. Formally—dialogue, performance—it's still great, but as satire, I'm not sold....
You're making me wish I had cable!
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped.
I'm in love with somone His name start with 'J' <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
well that was a fun drive and run from the parking garage to work in the pouring rain. I can literally ring out my pants, hoodie and socks
wat did u do today?
Usually we go till about 2 or 3pm.
California dreaming.
OK, so maybe not putting sunscreen on at the beach today was a bad idea...
introvert - hands down
and thanks to and I didn't do anything too stupid and get kicked out of la lol
Follow back :)) pls?
RT : i will personally match donation if u dine with us for 4/26 supporting 50% of your check!
sorry hun but u can never be done with jk jk
Becoming friends again after so long. #LunchToday excited and nervous cause
that's exactly what my neighbors said! and they're going to a rehabber named Laurie. I'll still be able to see them every week.
What specifically constitutes the creation of a job? If I wanted to say I created x jobs, what would I use to prove it?
probably this weekend
Heading out to Marcel's Culinary Experience in Glen Ellyn for a demo from 11-3. Come hang out & check out this beautiful store.
Jeff is coming by at 3 on Tuesday. That would be perfect.
I'm going to leave now and maybe actually be on time for band practice once.
Who won?
gotta find some1 to till my garden for me ..
So...how's life?
My little one fell out of bed this morning :( Now she is sleeping in mine :)
Next week I'm a guest photographer on Celebrity Apprentice.
Love living near Runyon Canyon!
Research shows that 90% of men don't know how to use condom, these people are called DADS.....
RT Lay off the fat jokes when you're insulting Rush Limbaugh. It implies that Ann Coulter might in some way be praiseworthy.
what do you know about premier global services $PGI lost about 10 % since last week hold or sell?
Late response. I just think their management team is the bees knees. Sorry I can't make it out for the big day my man.. In Cali..
Im at IFC Theatre -watching "Weekend"
You think Aviles bounces back a little this week? Favors lefty's.
JB CAN sing but his voice truly pisses me off. And so does his music. Sorry. Just because you like him doesn't mean he's good.
While out on the town today seeing a potential client I stopped in McDonnell's and saw this cutie rocking some sick looking "ink."
drop it like its hot
I was excited about #austream :)
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to follow her, not leave her there crying because of you.
so jealous
It's possible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative reply to its inbuilt limitations and obstacles.
Seek solution always. Seeking answers gives us energy. The energy we need to pursue what we want to achieve.
I don't blame guys for being so disrespectful because most girls are the reason why they change but all we need is one guy to stand up &
Happy to have you back!
following :) x
Hey twitter friends if you get a message from me ignore it. It's not from me.
Just got my Puppy today! Shes a Miniature Dachshund! Thankyou for the amazing one year aniversary gift! I lovee you!!
Any date? I love how you captured various shades of pink & the detail. “: made by "Mrs. M. Wahlen 3 Langden St. Montpelier, VT"
Yeah Matt Barnes, you go Dikembe Mutombo on that loose ball.
fun is a limit of how much imagination you can pull from your childish side
BIW will be at the Chester College of Law for the NW Institute of Civil Engineers "NEC from all angles" event from 18:00 today.
Found a cute shirt to wear for next weekende!
Cannot wait to stop by the shop and try your new additions! You are the best!!!...:)
My fucking aunt convinced my mom my semi dress is "tacky" and is making me bring it back apparently
how many snips does it take to snarp ur snap multiple times a day to achieve the ultimate snarpoon session?
My buddy is leading tomorrow at 10am! Twenty bucks says he puts me to sleep :P
Playing my guitar, it's been a while.
to Chris Benoit this is not a sad comentary on family you still can't sing and Simon you don't have a clue 4 real
I know you're mad at me, if I were you I would be too.
I am getting married so shocked and happy eeekkk
If you have something good, don't let it go.
I'm so happy to hear that!
tired as hell.
Screw being normal Dare to be Different<3
Can't say I'm surprised to see LBJ miss 2 free throws with a minute left in the 4th qtr of a tight playoff game.
6th period live
Really? "Glee Gone Wild"...
Take a stand on reading! Maine Humanities Council & LibraryThing host Reading Flash Mob 12/15 @ 5p. Bring book, meet @ Longfellow Books!
I'm never using #groupon ever again.. I have yet to receive a product ordered exactly a month ago.. anyone else order the Houdini wine set??
I started watching The Stand. It's cheesy and creepy and awesome.
Utah Chamber Artists’ forecast calls for ‘Rain’
Im quickly becoming a #Clippers fan. Liking the team unity they are showing, rare on the NBA level. Appreciate a team changing its culture
RT : A VC-funded Austin startup needs HTML5 help for data viz. A quick project (1 - 3 days), but hi-profile. Ping me if interested.
Haha I should've known. Weezy always be pointing out the obvious.
amen: “: ... Taste, Harvest, Truffles, Blackthorn, Dressels, Brasserie...the list goes on and on. I love it here.”
Killer show last night guys!
My method nukes the catalogs, which are typically the problem, not the content, which typically never is. Done it dozens of times…
Family coming for the holiday's? Spruce up that drab house with a new coat of paint. We love giving estimates, just ask us to come out today
follow now. 7
OH YA ME TOO
Amazed at how many people pout unconsciously
So, the peeps who brought us the BCS are going to create a NEW format. This is like letting Geithner and Bernanke fix the financial system.
#ImThatPersonWho is in love with a celebrity and it's great! <3
Thanks for the follow! Did you know most #chiropractors are using outdated methods? Come learn more at our #PDX office in NW!
#ICantEvenLie i miss you
Correctly guess the score of the game between the Saints and 49ers for a chance to win a free Scorzie, good luck!
Getting ready to go out
Backpacking 101 class tonight at Outdoor Source in Westerville - only $5 and worth every penny! Call 614-818-3620 to sign up today
Getting ready for a night full of drinks, dance, and lots of fun :)
My semester is over. It's 7:15 on Friday night & I'm home alone. Man do I feel like a loser right now.
Ok “ Whoever Him Is Yall Bring Me Sumthing I'm Hungry As Shit: With him “ With ?!””
I pointed out what appeared to be either an over sight in the design of the site or fraud and was booted from the site.
stop by
can you possible save it, email it to yourself , then print it at school?
yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.
yeah it was nasty for awhile. Getting better now thanks goodness
big philosophy presentation, one paper to do then im finally done for the week.
We all have a story in life. Take control of who you want to be. The mind is such a terrible thing to waste.
That would have to be
them beats you sent are crazy... got a few.
That trade is killing this team!
Where did this random headache come from.
where are you nowadays!
Will you be hosting an Aimee Bender reading next week?
I still love the AppleTV. I could watch the cover art float by for hours...
So happy I joined partners pe it's fun helping special needs kids their so cute and nice best choice ever!! :)
Just get me to Friday!
good coffee! Thanks 4 follow
"I couldn't wait for success, so I went ahead without it." -- Jonathan Winters, Comedian
sorry i don't know what it is. it sounds awesome though <U+2665>
House of Grey Volume One Amazon Best Sellers Rank: #196 Free in Kindle Store
I was going to study summore before bed but fuck it now. I'm tired!!!
I could be ok with a google wedding if it was a free one! They would be welcome to harness data on the attendees. #overpriced!
oh yeah!
Baby just leave her for me.
it's about 80 calories
did you get the union email?
Have to have a social security number to open an account - illegal aliens and those running from the law dont want to go there.
yes it looks more "teen"
<U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096> RT : Niggas will get anything tatted on em just to say their tatted up
Good day for sloppy - when you eat - National Chile Dog Day - yum yum. Oh, and wash it down with some leche - Nat'l Chocolate Mile Day too
Invading #ignitesf with and
Everyone that isn't Matt Kalil is available on the O-Line, so maybe the Browns go that way at 22 after all.
so where'd you learn 'your' dance moves?
Hey this is here and im exicted to be here with lenovo today hope i win a prize...... good prize im a doer!!!!!!
Hey! Could we possibly get an interview with you? (:
I also think she has been underappreciated. I have a photo somewhere of her in a play.
I drank too much water. My insides are drowning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
just found hip hop family tree! Thank you! It is awesome!
I didn't even know you liked Pokemon. Omg. Perfect
The #NFLDraft starts tomorrow. I wonder who your teams will be taking this year.
I'm jealous of your ability to read for fun as a post-graduate. Can't wait until that's me!
Acceptance of what has happened is the first step to overcoming the consequences of any misfortune.
no it's still two hours like the one I have now :)
..most humblest appreciations, luv..but don't forget "RedHawk", yes? No worries, ciao! -Stronodelarosa
Thanks for the offer of support. Means a lot to me. I will let you know as we get closer to the event.
Thanks Sandy Springs for donating Open Arms meal to A little pizza will make the kids' nights much brighter.
I would have asked while at work, but I was in meetings all afternoon. Have fun with the DA.
Loving this weather but hating I'm in class right now!
#ImagineAustin kisses you. A: your such a good kisser! Y: No ur the good kisser! A: really? *kisses u again!* <3
First red flag: "I want to Landon." #dcproblems Good thing I had a blind date contingency plan
Increase cooperation from 60 - 94% by telling why #change is happening. Ellen Langer
I know, I know... he's telling me I'm grounded. Keeps me on a short leash, what can I say?!
Thanks a bunch for the mentions/#FF/RTs!
have the best time. Can't wait to hear about all your juice tasting!
Happy that Jim Donovan is healthy and will be back calling #Browns games this year! He beats the CBS "D" list commentators every time.
can i be blair fowler, shes perfect
I'll never understand how people pass up a good thing when it's right in front of them, but oh well.
it was a damn joke
Names of early Victor phonograph models: Auxetophone, Hyperion, Auditorium, Micro-Synchronous, Orthophonic, Consolette, Jacobean
It's not about being lucky. It's about being relentless.
come out to bar Louie water for $1 beers from 5-cl
9.11 A day to remember that Love has the power to erase fear. Love On!
3:36 Q2. Favorite children's book/movie. Why?
IKR! Im getting them in 9th grade! Im going to 8th this year!
Worked out for the first time today. It wasn't terrible but I can already tell i'm going to be in soreness hell tomorrow. Not excited. <U+E40E>
good to see you too homey.
Hey everyone! Today's coffee of the day is the returning origin coffee of Brazil!
So pumped to get on my board today.
the only person you should hug is Tiger after you help him win a #PGA #Golf event. You need each other for laughs, ca$h & WINS:)
Figure out what value you can add this weekend, not what you can take. Be a person of service and it will come back 10 fold. -Zach Marcy
My mom starts fights with me about the dumbest things.
WOW! So excited only 2 weeks till Disney Camp Rock The Musical Auditions!
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished? - Rumi
CRAP! That should be illegal in 50 states! C'mon
Ugh, my phone is dying
i wish Austin Mahone would follow me
looking for an ionic negative ion generator in NYC. anyone have in stock?
I feel the office has run it's course and they are just leading it to the slaughter house.the early episodes were 100x better
I'm hoping that there is a refigured ending for #GunHillRoad, a beautifully gritty film. One that might help achieve wider distribution.
I assume that was a joke -- no OT in round 1
They need to stop playing Mercy on the radio before it dies .....
Thanks to you as well for following.
THAT was a great ball game!
You've got the moves that make me sweat. You've got a voice that makes me breathless.
The new book and film library additions are catalogued. I do love a good organizational purge.
Money tall like Jordan
Oop, Excuse the hell out me .. Lol
verdict still out on this morning. looks like things are cool. but I still can't figure out why route 37 refuses to follow its schedule.
I called Lugar's office to ask to vote against SOPA. the most non-interested secretary answers. I ask: get many calls today "oh. a few."
This series is the reason the #nhl playoff format sucks. Should b win your division you are guaranteed a playoff spot, but not a top-3 seed.
Remember I ALWAYS UPGRADE! Hard to swallow but accept it
i just got this letter from a photography asking me to model for some senior portrait stuff xD
Come be part of the action! Ufc 124. 8pm. Drink specials all night
Hi sorry I was asleep
My head is going to explode today.
I Just Want To Say Thank You To , , , & For Always Being Here For Me Through It All
Ru Paul<3 zombie edition ! Jesses favorite !
at one point I think we discussed live tweeting a viewing of Manchurian Candidate on its anniversary? You mentioned book.
And Ralph McQuarrie. Major bummer.
REMINDER: McNally's has graciously agreed to open its doors to all fans 18 and up. Just have ID ready at the door.
i like the song dance again by jennifer lopez feat. pitbull:)
Tired does not describe what I am right now
...and we love you
America's Got Talent Finalist for 2010 Alice Tan Ridley is showcasing today at the Performing Arts Exchange Conference ( ) 5:50pm
Here's hoping I'm wrong, and he's right: "For what it's worth, a weak La Nina appears likely this year." —, Colorado meteorologist
At least that had better be an April Fools!!
Anna M. Uhlich~ My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
So i'm am going to learn over the next 2-3 Weeks how to be a young lady .. Super :) lol
The Patriots do not wear the same jock straps. They wear girly underwear because they're pansies!!!!!!!!!!! GO PACK GO
It's #May! YAY! One month closer to Texas Spa and Salon Month.
And the Orange marches on!
The ultimate narcissist is one who abandons their children.
International Lover!
I made a promise to keep voting for and imma keep it :)
Congrats to #FlavorYourFriday winner ! You win a FREE bag of Tiesta Tea, Banana Split :)
Nice! RT : Do what makes you happy, be with who makes you smile, laugh as much as you breathe, and love as long as you live.
this is dire. You should relocate to sf, we don't have this problem.
have fun in vegas dont gamble to much
Kmsl , Swayy know she gone leave though
Every time the moon shines... I become alive!!!! "KC"
Well since your brought Magic into it. The Defense rests..........
one minute before my talk with : "you know that app you work on? it's down" D'oh.
O_O i keep hearing screams. i'm officially scared out of my mind.
RT : #bigdataweek kicked off nicely w/ #awsstartups & #bigdatalondon. Nice intro/refresh aws & gr8 speakers (Doug & Tim) at google
Thank you all for attending tonight's first event & making it a great success! Can't wait for tomorrow's community service ZBT :)
If you are interested in receiving offers and promotions from us, text "offers apdealz" (no quotes) to 46786. We promise not to spam!
Time to go make $35 for being miserable in beat for two hours:)
Hope everyone has a good day! Go Pacers!
Please join me and donate to this event-Making Strides of Central Park NY 2011,Sunday, October 16, 2011,9am at Central Park. Thank you!
It does, from what I'm learning. Thanks. We'll see how it goes with her EoE.
I love you too. <U+E327>
Yal are all still awake at like 2:47 a.m.....yeah me too
How is somebody wit 8500 followers following 2 people....lol.
how to describe qualities...contacting PATO first thing 2010
You got money cause you wear a new pair of Jordans daily...but the logo bent?
This is super cute! :)
being fake is just so exhausting. now I know why your always so tired!
Help I'm dying
#ICantTrustYouIf You Always Texting, Yet You Have 0 Inbox & 0 Sent
HAHAHA Take a nap in the rooms
I start me sign language class tues ... I'll probably b a mess at first but I'm still really excited!!
KG could play PG and he would still be decent, thats how good/versatile of a player he is.
Yes it was To crazy lol !
I Love Roc :)
when did you get that new glamour shot profile pic?
its all for your benefit
thank you!! Love ya too! I hope you are having an amazing day:)
#herworld. Tamera was great! We all love her. U all inspire her as well....
haha hopefully. I gotta be with my homies! :)
Transistor - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
is! I'm just an extension of his will. RT : seriously, dude, you are kind of a genius.
Giving up doesn’t always mean you are weak; sometimes it means that you are strong enough to let go
Charity begins at home.
target, babies r us & amazon (for books) thanks for asking!
shopping online today. Huge sale online no sale but bought some stuff from Heritage1981 too.
beautiful mosaics!
Wheres the snow?
i am so BORED. i cant take it anymore:p
Sure thing!
Congratulations! MT : Lining up! CC
Welcome to the team Tim Harris, and Scott Galemore!!!
Ya killed the shrimp :-)
Now following my boo lol
Rest in peace Freaky Tah. I always say things would be different if you was still with us.
And we're going to Friday's to eat Salads. :D
Son: can i get money for new game ? Dad : you know son in my days.... Son : JUST SAY NO.
RT Don't be a spectator, don't let life pass you by. -Lou Holtz
I was here <3 and my ocean eyes asleep ^^ .. And If my voice could reach to you I'd whisper in your ear "I wish you were here, darling <3"
The boys I'm babysitting keep farting and giggling.
It seems like we go grocery shopping way too much...ugh
My girl got mad about the threesome cuz she felt she wasn't getting as much attention. Baby u was getting all the attention! bloody 3some
no idea! I'm on a non-leaky plane now.
Woke up with a headache, am hoping to beat it early, otherwise this will be the longest day ever.
Ah let's hope it's not another 13 inning game.
Against the Grain prediction: Charlie Batch wins MVP.
Brutal but you think we'd have learned their tourney M.O. by now.
Race does play a part. It took the police over a month 2 arrest and question Zimmerman. Would he b free 4 a month if he was Black?
thanks for the RT.
Lmfao at ex's!!
really? “: : Sheffield: LA has no traits as a city; no map. City of pure abstraction. #popcon”
Osama Bin Laden's final words. Look Ayman I am now a mayor on Four Square.
Another day in paradise. #fightpoverty haha
Party Alert! Sun football @ Vertigo in Bellevue - FREE FOOD - yeah u read that right& HH prices on drinks 4p -join us!
Good morning
Here we go
you just hate him that much.
wish you were here too! Big guy in the freezer says hi!
i should of brought a sweater >.<
Thanks! I've got it on my calendar
for the "further out stuff" we need more space to explore challenges before we start architecting solutions
Saw the new Avengers trailer, still no sign of Luke Cage, Squirrel Girl or Howard the Duck.
I know at least 1 person that matches both descriptions :S,
No nevermind tweet me funny shit so I can laugh in 7 1/2 hours c:
ahahahaha OMG then it's probably a rumor ahaha
Confess: What do YOU do when you run out of toilet paper and you're in there?
The Velvet Lounge is now open. Come get one of our new cocktail napkins (and a drink to go with it).
#Easter is this Sunday. Chocolate bunny or marshmallow chick?
chillin with the seeds. Wuts good with you?
Looking for distributors for our Scrubs (AGGRESIVE COOL SCRUBS!) Hit us up if you know anyone good!
You know what Basketball is!?! The ultimate female!
omigosh...you are #onmymind too cody :) every minute, every second, every hour of the day....love you lots :)
I bought a paper from a man the other day... I actually had change.
Would love to have amplification.
I feel like it's for librarians and I'd just feel weird being there. And don't know if I'll be working yet.
": I really wish I was going to Coachella."
What's the best simple way to link a twitter hashtag archive/feed for #pod12 to WikiPODia site?
So I'm trying an experiment. No caffeine today. It's almost noon and the headache is kicking in. Stomach is doing better, though.
I wish the haters would imagine "no religion" applying to not worshiping one man or his song.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that talks shit behind your back without you even knowing."
A big thank you to and others that were such a big help over the past five months.
Crystal cruise discount
Living A Dream..!!! Working Hard, Playing Hard
If the continue this home winning streak throught the playoffs they will win the Finals with ease.
#Libra is grateful for the chance to entertain with the finest linens, china, silver, art and home decor to put their guests at ease
#TeamTaurus representing for the
Getting the feedback pipeline going between Ezra Daniels and myself on Upgrade Soul—exciting.
I sent it, thanks!
Apparent murder-suicide at Episcopal Day School in Jacksonville.
I love thunderstorms.
i am good you want a pic of Demi ?
I don't have dance till 7:15, so if I don't drop it off then you can come over and pick it up sometime before that :)
Mike take steve blake off this man!!
BlaDOW! I'll meet you there, Phil!
I still have "horny" written on my knuckles from last night... I am stuck between being a slut and a thug... Awkward
I am frequently reminded of the great writings of David Schnarch -- "The Sexual Crucible" and "Passionate Marriage."
Rockin out to that Unpredictable album on the way to work. I miss quality R&B albums like this at least ppl like still got it
Pay us a visit for BRUNCH Cafe Con Leche! Chef's got all your favorites waiting for you!
In honor of National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day I plan on eating (at least) 3 chocolate covered cherries! How many will you eat?
You DID have a rough week, Easter was last weekend! Quick, find a coffee shop asap! :)
I told you what you should've done
Age, if you can, better than others. These are times for reincarnation. Seize them while you're still unaware.
“: Flappers tonight in Burbank 9:30 PM” calm down, just calm down.
U R.READY KNOW THE DEAL..MILTOWN READY N WAITIN#BREWCREW4LIFE..AAAAHHHHHHHHHHGOTTAGO!!!!
Thank you! :)
lol I'm actually at work <U+E421>
From TPain "Turn All The Lights On" to World Class Wreckin Crew "Turn Off The Lights" #KBTS Kissin' Between The Sheets is on now. Kiss 97.3
yes you are you can stay with me!!
Dude I have all your shirts and wear them everywhere!
Wishing a Humongous Happy Birthday to ! You are the coolest cat I have ever known.
check it out! Unlimited drinks and all you can eat! You can't go wrong!
Agreed. “: I feel sorry for 's kids. Can you imagine *that* being your mother? #rhonj”
#Packers for sure, 15-1 and out. #Brewers loss hurts more to me because success for them has unfortunately come so infrequently.
second set was so weird. Looks really sluggish. Nadal in 4 is my guess.
follow me? Pls! I love to read your books;) he's so amazing, Jesus talk with me!
Wants to thank Christopher Columbus. Was it not for his rape, murder, and genocide of native Americans I wouldn't have the day off today.
hahahah. Thanks, you just made my day.
very nice good start to the year
Im the only girl here.....great...
Thanks to everyone bitching about the ending to #masseffect3 I started the final mission with lowered expectations, so it wasn't too bad.
I've just painted a gigantic Cock & balls on the door of #banksy's luxury london apartment
Thx 4 the shout out re: quality of #pdxplan communications efforts/materials @ Council hrng last night!
It's just the beginning of the week and I have like a ton on hw #ughh -______-
#OkUPrettyBut u been to prison?
How's that Remix going? Haha
Sometimes ppl jus need to know its not u the reason y I'm commenting on your picture ,its ya fucked up by round..lol
Wait!...Jim Hart left the Cardinals and ROCKED with the Redskins!
onslaught crashes on me every time I get past wave 200. bo
Instead of promoting good ideas with activism, a deactivist helps expose the absurdity of bad ideas (popular and occult)
(FW:): Ooh! RT : I tweeted about a scene with you and and they ...
how was ur tuesday !!?
I need chicken wings!
MKE Co Exec Chris Abele again mimics Scott Walker by appointing crony in a political/financial payback. GMC members applaud this.
Not gunna see anymore either , now ima go cry a ocean /':
One of the worse things you could ever say to a woman is... "your pad is gay and I hope you leek through your shit!" Lol
ohmygoshh. my little fangirl heart :)) just like old times
#breakingbad Saw first 3 episode's season 1 breaking bad awesome series I think I am hooked!
We would like to congratulate Fr Borislav Kroner on his recent ordination to the Priesthood! Http://uocusa.org
would have 5 if season ended today, so likely 4-6.
I wonder why I always feel the urge to listen to the Grateful Dead in the Springtime.
the douchebag count would sky rocket ;)
It was updated already !!
I can tell I'm getting old because I assume every child under the age of eight has a highly communicable disease.
Any #ISDA Negotiators looking to move? positions open in top financial services firm. email
Newt "The lobbiest" says he won 15 out of 17 debates and he did in his own special way in his own little world in a small corner of his mind
Please follow me!! I will follow you back!!:D
Why must 4 year olds be so annoying?!?
'Smartcompassion ": : Adults must model compassion in deeds, not words, to raise compassionate globalcitizens!"
Listening to Arcade Fire at starbucks. I forgot how much I enjoy them.
never thought I'd enjoy following you so much!! Lots of lol's
thank u appreciate that really
Let's go Pens! Win Game 1!
is rocking the part of JO in Little Women...SO much talent. I'm loving it!
RT : RT : Hey students, looking for an all-expense paid trip to #ONA12? Apply to be a part of the Student Newsroom....
#Booze and #xboxlive makes everything better. #TGIF <U+E044><U+E30C><U+E40E><U+E113>
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 9
I installed version 5 and it crashed Chrome. What up with that?
This is gonna be awesome. Need your votes! Big Game V live stream, see hole cards, & fans vote on who to evict bit.ly/eAxfoQ
Happy mothers day to all the mexi-mommies I know! :-)
Did you make it in on Sunday??
Wow. Auspicious start. RT : Biz USA site had 500,000 visitors on first day says at afcea
Is it ever acceptable to tell someone to start Adderall?
#Fact- Fall Semester has 78 days, its required we attend 70. Spring Semester has 102 days, its required we attend 92.
Rehearsing Alina's piece Tcahora tonight at Hot Yoga. Looking to perform this piece in the near future.
Hear the mellow wedding bells, Golden bells! What a world of happiness their harmony foretells, Through the balmy air of night.
if Samardzija gets out of this inning, i say let him pitch the 8th. seeing how our bullpen usually does
just stuff ha!
This is the best friend hackin' this shit!
there was no foul so he didn't get one he tried to fake a foul it ant happen here lol
whoa are u really
There is a SLIGHT RISK of strong to severe thunderstorms the next couple of days. Get an update tonight on the CW20 News at 10.
M we were feelin Enzo's!
just got a postcard from via spain!
What to see tomorrow AM, Smashed or Bachelorette?
Happy birthday to !!
Everything is education.
Today was incredible. I'm so fulfilled in being in God's will.. #Flaws&all
Your beautiful as ever!
The ballpark in Arlington looks like a nice stadium.
do we have a special georgia tech, college of computing, or GVU letter head?
i bet u have a killer smile
Use of entire works: LAMs have very good reasons to digitize entire works; reasonable to support research
TGIF...need to get through these classes!
Yay! Thanks :) RT : Participating in polling all the way from CO-FUN!
I have said this for years, since the movie "She Hate Me", that Kerry Washington is one bad sister. Eyes, cheek bones, & lips..gorgeous.
Just back from Austin TX. Austin is so much fun, would love to move there. A bit hot last week, 107 last Thursday.
Yes! I love that! RT : Love the Northeast where you can cross three state lines in under two hours!
Shouldn't be too challenging for RRC, but the Knight Riders could snap out of it.
If you paint on a face with makeup. Then remove the painted face. Then u tricked me!
Manhandle sounds dirty, lol.
girl stop darn I wish I could text u I'm pissed off
I guess I wasn't as clear as I thought. What I intended to convey was avoid singing without accompaniment.
All i see is #GBB and #VAP on my TL.
I finally got caught up on all 49 shows! I started listening when ep. 33 first posted. Thanks for doing what you do.
#imessage for iOS = no more reasons to have a blackberry.
MT O vs Romney. A man w/ 4 years experience as President vs a guy who spends his time cutting his taxes. <- & last 8 running!
what ian did with his shirt doe
Why does luv have to be so complicated? can u make this heartache disapear????
Draft Day... 2nd best day of my life
but unfortunately these things left unabated have deadly consequences.
You're mean man I don't want to talk to you anymore
hit the spray tan before #theshirtoff Both look good..
and, now back to the economy and debt!
me likey too!!!!! Thor was my favorite eye.
its officially let's not answer shelbys calls or texts day yayyyyy
Lovely day well spent with new computer... we'll just call him "booboo," a script, and good company.
We're working with more independent artists to bring you new tshirt models very soon!! stay tuned!!
are you gonna play today? Text me back!
So proud of my cast and crew this week on our Adventure Week play - you guys rock! So excited to see how God is moving.
not a bad idea, though you may have some serious competition from
For AZ Legis to quit without even considering unemployment benefits? Horrific. Unforgiveable. Wrong.
New place in Seattle canning beers with no pop top...they just include old style can openers.
That feeling you get when you know you found the right person.
I 2nd that motion.
ok you getting to the money
Uh, if every one except you misunderstands what you're saying, maybe you didn't say what you think you did.
Just a tad early
you go girl!!
beyond cool, gracias for posting the link
You know is only working these games because he has money on them
#Gordon, Lord of Misrule. Gritty & quite wonderful novel woven around 4 races at a down&out track in WVa & the people & horses racing there.
further to that thought, what kind of relationship is a "Like"?
isnt that the same as the master cleanse?
ah that would be nice. maybe we can.
Mine is too.
TRUTH----> RT : Few things are better than a great relationship
How u gon' close the highway down, in ATL, on Friday, at rush hr, to go to a dang party at Tyler Perry's?!!! You just lost my vote #Obama!!!
I really dont know where my head is today -.-
With at u2 and muse sorry you didn't make the cut
So ready for the remake so long as they dont CGI eff it up RT : I watch old episodes of Ninja Turtles & get excited.
"They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy."
U just hit someone who was O-4 tonight... what the actual fuck Eveland
'm hi' I definitely will! Saw you at the Variety Playhouse--you were beyond awesome!
Reggie better make me some damn enchiladas -__-
17 - my lucky number.
Holy shit! I had no idea today was April fools day :/ I could of done so many pranks at work.
Love side effects. If you take A and B and C, and have condition D, and do E, you will get F. And F F-ing sucks.
loving ur set in San diego
try vocabsushi.com! Way more fun. There's a free trial + use code 'ilovevocab' for $10 off.
of course
Want to win a free 1-year membership to the Y? Look for us at Siclovia this weekend and find out how!
my hair is un-straightened, no extentions. blah blah blah i dont give a fuck, i just want to inform you guys. :T
Happy Birthday :) <3
Have you tasted the "rainbow" yet?
maybe they will allow you to bet facebook credits? like an arcade?
Shout out to the Celtics!
sure why not
Z-CoiL shoes r custom fit & adjusted 4 overpronation (they even help correct ur gait) which will alleviate knee/back pain.
come to europe, more precisely PARIS. Pretty pleeeaaaseeeee <3 Keep up what you're doing, you are #amazing. Love xx
its not good to tell lies ya know ;p
Oh, he was fired? The statement I read implied he was quitting in disgust.
awesome thanks Katie!
get shot everyday. LOL...
Beautiful day outside for a run. Rewarded with Chick-fil-A afterwards #counterproductive?
way ahead of you. Making second cup, but get your own. There will be no coffee sharing this morning. :)
Humor is help to humanity
"Although no sculptured marble should rise to their memory, nor engraved stone bear record of their deeds, yet will their remembrance be as…
continues to reign supreme in RVA!
The awesome cartwheel video earlier today did it! Hawt! RT : Klout has just promoted me from "socializer" to "networker". How sweet ;)
oh its mine den lol
amphetamines, actually. like everyone else in the 70s.
Hey, I just noticed you caught the Ivy Bridge presentation and #upcea and then your twitter bio cracked me up. Ha, I like bears.
Libraries and Historical Societies could work together by hosting a CW150 Let's Talk About it Program, see the home page for an opportunity
L1C4 baby! What a joke!
Damn I just b looking at folks like damn I'm glad I look the way I look..cause it's hard out here..lol
youjust said one ofthe most insanely idiotic things ive heard at no point in your rambling incoherent response was there a rational thought
Family tattooing day
The Hell.... My Facebook Is Temporarily Unavailable :P
The Grove is asking for on a Saturday night lets make it happen!
Continue to be a blessing to someone
WAFFLE HOUSE IS SO GOOD
nice to meet you too !
Help us get get to 200 followers by the end of the day!! :) We Follow Back AND we donate to cancer.org !!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 5. (Don't Fear) The Reaper- Pierce The Veil
" You have to be fucking kidding me - KOCH BROTHERS ARE PAYING FOR Zimmerman legal fees ? wtf
That sounds about right!
50 minute notes on a Monday. You're killing me
Great performance by the #badgers. Gonna get ready to head to the locker room. Reax forthcoming.
Wow, such an honor to be in the choir singing with you tonight. I love your heart for worship.
I need to blow some loud.
GO LIONS
happens to us all Jason, unfortunately for me, it happens way too frequently. :-)
Cong. John Lewis: this is an idea whose time has come. ... Have taken a dream deferred and helped it find its place in history
Share my experiences with Madison Mastermind Group. Collaborating makes us all winners.
FB more important than website! I'm tired of landing on a business website only to have to go to their FB Info page to read what they do
#NorthCarolina Data Centers should be able to run on a backup generators for a few days without power
Thanks Shannon. You too. :)
Tomorrow opening up for w/ Birthday Celebration all under one roof ! Arrive early!
Where and what are you going to eat this weekend?
Posted a new tune "She Wants" Come take a listen and send some friends our way as well if you feel the music needs to be heard.
On to the next one
Joss Whedon arrived many an excellent entertainment ago, but AVENGERS has him playing with the big-big guns and I'm tickled at what's ahead.
Why is the Lone Ranger called 'Lone' if he always has his Indian friend Tonto with him?
If you love GOD retweet this tweet....
Hmm. That makes sense. But, I'm not sure if I know what the day to beat is.
If you want higher test scores and lower drop out rates, keep the arts in schools!
TEBOW DID IT AGAIN! NOW THAT IS WHAT YOU CALL AN IMPOSSIBLE COMEBACK! NEVER DOUBTED YOU TEBOW! TEBOW!!!!!! GB²
I will hehe :) i don't know when though
Lori!!! My baby, what's up?
Getting through, what about you?
Green Trade Mission departs for Brazil
#iDigBio cyberinfrastructure workshop participant list anywhere?
Am I the only person left in NYC who is not on a cleanse?
: That had nothing to do with me.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Anthony Safford Jr °Rising 6th °Indianapolis, IN °Travel Team: Indy raising Stars °Point Guard 5’0
“: delicious, as always!! Maybe even more so with some sunshine on the side!! :D thanks for feeding me!” anytime! At lunch tho.
I'm all of the sudden not excited for summer anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Life couldn't be better
That's what I do every time I go to Barnes and Noble. A good way to stay young.
#Jenkins job chaining works quite well ("Build After"). I use it to sequence the execution of our 10 test suites.
haha no idea to be honest, there are guys floating around so hopefully!!
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Reading your Marlins Park piece now. +eleventy billion points for the subtle Hudsucker Proxy reference
Just bought Fight Club the book and A Clockwork Orange on dvd :)
I know! :((( I should set a date for everyone to tweet
Join us Tomorrow!! May 5 for our Large-Size Shoe event! Score on women’s sizes 10.5-13 and men’s 14-16.
Off to the Nationals game with #TMNT, Faculty Guide, and Thurston residents!
- brilliant at the New York Times Small Biz Summit discussing social media and biz growth
I want to see Lin go against the Heat already!
Good night
“: Student Government elections are worse than sorority elections #drama #calmdown”
Should we buy silver? :)
:'( I KNOW! I HATE HIM FOR THAT! he just doesnt understand that ur 1 of the only people that can stand me when i talk about btr!
The Driftless Area: Wisconsin's strange geology - Boing Boing
why directed questions?
great job on the ads!! Love the Rosanne Cash song. Great way to welcome visitors!
Lol all of your are the same. I can't stand any of you.
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
going going going to get rid of this headache once and for all!
any word on that "CLEEEVELLLAND CAVALIERS" ringtone?
"If you ain't in it to win it, then get the hell out!" - Marky Mark (AKA Mark Wahlberg)
We're so happy you enjoyed your stay! Safe travels, and come back to visit us.
I'd contribute like 20 bucks to that fund.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Just tipped my drink to Leonard Cohen w
I'm glad my 18th birthday is being celebrated at band competitions all day.
Important to understand the difference between ideas and execution. An execution focused exec is unlikely to drive innovation
okay can we do 4 pm?
we soo happy for you and please follow us. (:
HAHHAA! THEY SHUD BE IN A TACO BELL COMMERCIAL!
#3WordsOfAdvice Use a condom.
Agreed! : Could we maybe agree on humanizing the message? No hyperbole, corp speak, or fluff. Talk WITH me.
sometimes you have to say "no" ... But, when you say "yes" to a commitment to your child, follow through with it & keep your word.L Ridinger
Good question RT:: Let me ask u something. How does El Tigre Woods come back from being a mediocre player. Looks like #YIPS”
almost here
Me to (re: hoping you make it). That's where I'll be regardless, so planning on taking it easy beforehand so I can function.
Heyy! And no, I haven't seen it. ;o Why, is it cool? ;D
A gym won't make you feel instantly better about yourself. If a gym wanted to make you feel instantly better, it would be a bar
Wear your green to the Paramount St. Patrick's Day Dance! Sat March 13 at 8 pm "Souled Out Band" will be performing in the Ballroom. $15 pp
Home sweet home!!! Missed my bed!!!
Had a productive evening...hoping it's the start of a trend...
I have a feeling it's going to be a long summer. 2hrs 40 mins!
Having a crappy run feels so much worse at 6AM. At least it's Friday.
Lol! Kiddos are perfect for entertainment but not always that helpful when it comes to navigation. Have a great weekend :-)
Beeeeeeutiful Day today! Who's glad to be a dogwalker? ME!
Closed for the evening. We are sorry for the inconvenience, if you have any questions or concerns please email
Orca whales are absolutely horrible. Free Willy, my ass.
Stop working!
Darjeeling, India is very mountainous at 6,500 feet, with varying climate. Yields medium-strong teas, with an fruity or nutty aftertaste.
But, but, it's only Thursday!
I'm going this afternoon. You gonna do it??
THANK FOR THE FOLLOW
Had a blast in nashville down on broadway tonight with the guys.. met some people and saw some pretty crazy things. haha
adobe connect or webex: which do you prefer?
If you're an unsigned local band, you have no business having a rider. Get out.
Just polishing up that character #animation started yesterday. Keepin' up the pace...
second at bat. he struck out looking in first
RT : Sign up to receive news and views on #Office365 from the official MS Office 365 Newsletter for IT Professionals:...
About to leave the #Louisville Airport presented by YUM! Brands. Thanks for all of the cholesterol, River City!
Beat the rain to get another healthcare portrait knocked out. Thanks Joshua!
Does anyone know why my iPod keeps ringing in the New Year in 1970 every time I recharge it?
It took weeks to get it down to this few! Crazy. I'm much quicker at FB than e-mail!!
What does one do between a noon wedding and a 4pm reception other than spend the entire time driving home and back?? I need suggestions
tomcat onto of a Java application calling oracle. Looking @ what it can pull from the db - explain plan, was data cached, etc
Practice good food combining. Google it to learn!
170million users upgraded to google+ I wouldn't call it a fail, but how many choose to stick around is another question lol
Jeez! D Rose on FIRE!
follow me if your a john cena fan or gamer or if u just love the wwe just like john cena ill say it i love the wwe!!! im proud of it love it
yes yes, but my side if Bmore doesn't require Marshall law after 2am on weekends
Thinking of you! A little present will be waiting for you tonight. Wish I could have joined you all. I know you will rock it!
Since I thinking gambling is always a bad bet, I will pretend wager two dollars on my Iowa friends' Kentucky Derby entry. Go #Dullahan!
Let me get dress
Oh yeah, we got it!
hii i didnt mean that last dm i meant to reply on ur reply button
You know & love it: Tonight's dinner special is baked ziti {YUM!}, garlic bread, salad, & sm drink for only $7+tax!
Hi Jimmy...not right now...but thanks for reaching out. All the best!
getting ready for our 1st #sxsw set t-minus 30min onstage now
Cinco de Mayo!!! Sucks to be underage though..lol
No matter what my mood is like, your smile always brightens my day. <U+2665>
im good. Can't complain. Still at Rust?
*waves fingers* Here's some good juju for yuyu! :)
Why does life suck SO FREAKING BAD!!!!!??????
who tryna give me some back in the game sex lmmfao im js
It would be cold the day I decide to wear shorts to school....
send u slither pic
“: When I'm with you, I feel like that's where I belong, Honestly, it's the only place I wanna be.”
you're welcome
I am interested! Enlighten me, please
and it was great. thanks again.
I know its time to head home from the office when I get Hawaii's Daily Update email. HUGE trouble if my wife fwds it to me
I'm not saying the girls in our school are easy but they've been under more sheets then the K.
you go girl! :) ": At age 50+, simply because I can (and I also have the best running buddies)"
it offends me
I LOVE the Venture Brothers...this would be an awesome job for any artist. Good luck to all who apply! Go Team Venture! Ha.
Question: who has the most generous checked baggage allowance for domestic USA flights? I'll book w/ you if you know :)
Home of the Brave
Chillin with and celebrating Rrrrory's birthday!
I know........ I got his pick too.... I use it every time I play bass.
The bar @ the Andaz Hotel has played Pulp's "Common People" and Primal Scream's "Rocks" within the past hour.
hey isn't dirk nowitzki related to ham?
Hey I heard you were a wild one...
you ain't gettin it! :P
Are you still going to 24
Good Morning, United Way!
love yout o
I wanna see you this weekend...
lol oh my gosh, i cant believe u called me a Directionator! :D
you have to make them do it off of a crossover.
SHRM presentation in Las Cruces in June!
Very pleased with the exceptional service I just received Fixed several issues for me quickly and easily.
yeah I guess I stole the crown from u
This isn't kickball .....game on
Rest In Peace Donna Summer ;(
Ready for Tebow to open up 2012 with a win,
yes they are amazing!
RT Blasting enya in the automated sea vessel
Indigo Mortgage is committed to an ethical process throughout all aspects of your mortgage loan transaction. Why not get started today.
k bye kid.
It's almost time for the Kentucky Derby! We like the horse I'll Have Another, can you blame us? Who do you pick?
lol you know me
I love to Wave the Cruise when they get Out! (:
If can be O's GM despite being out of baseball for 10 years, can't be the PA announcer after 2 months ?
I'm thinking of going to law school just so I can open up a combination law firm and pawn shop called Lawyers, Guns & Money.
To get results in our life we must take action not just intellectualize our aspirations.
haha we'll see about that(:
It was necessary! RT : A family of four could eat for a week off the amount of White Castle bought last night.
My life, My choices, My problems, My mistakes, My lessons. Not your business, mind your own problems before you talk about mine....
The linguistic genius of babies
Can't put my finger on it but something's just not right.
I love you <3
Haha, alrighty. I figured you'd like at least ONE of the picks, lol
that's a dope beat homie... see you at Drom!
relationship start CAN WE TALK. THEY END we need to talk
Yesterdays student art exhibit went extremely well. We had many proud parent's come in and view the amazing work that our students made.
