Doug Collins: "Were playing now only by the grace of God." My favorite quote so far.
When u have a set route when u run, & ur about to pass out and die but u see your finishline so u start sprinting towards it just to be done
im bored & i really miss her://
Tree rings reveal history about droughts. Wet yrs usually produce thick rings. Drought yrs have thin rings, b.c little growth takes place.
RT : Apparently it takes forever to get through the state of Mississippi
We will be at the local 662 tonight in Tampa. Come hang out. Last day of the
lol i always want to talk i dnt have your number and i only have one more moth here.
Huge D Rose fan sucks that he Got hurt today.
"He couldn't get a job at McDonalds" - my dad on Craig Kimbrel
This is the part of me. That you're never going to ever take away from me.
. He was real chill. I feel like we could play Nintendo 3DS together and he wouldn't stop talking about not needing glasses.
Why do things have to be so complicated ?! :(
Ticket info for Trivia Night available soon; in the meantime, send your never-trivial questions to !
Wouldn't being a lizzbean just mean that you're self-involved?
From one Potter to another.... Welcome to #Buffalo ! #GoBills! See you in the locker room this season!
Texting bitches at 11:12, making their wishes come true.
saving brian real quick
my meetin wit MsJGray was the absolute best...she is without a doubt one 2 be recognized...
Denver cabs are obscenely expensive!
Choo hit in left thumb, stays in game.
"Pick me up LOVE~Everyday"~Dave Matthews Band...song of the day...story of my life, ((hug)) someone today & make them SMILE ;) giggle giggle
Newcastle done, down 2-nil...
Installing Alice: Madness Returns and i'm estatic... !!!!!
haha who knows! People are crazy!!
closing at 5 and all day tomorrow for the weather. Plan #Reutherlib research for another time.
"Seem fine" It's almost as if you have to walk around with research to prove your points!
"Watching TV takes less concentration than eating a bowl cereal and, at the same time, it increases the stress felt by the viewers."
Tonight, Tonight, Tonight- Oh!!! Nothing beats a Handsome Hero!! See you for Calendars, Cocktails & (EXCELLENT) Company :)
#ShirtOff -- tonight ... Benjamin Bratt. It was glorious.
maybe the restaurants aren't all bad in Manchester. Or Carlos is just eating heavily from some home cookin'
Start my day wit a nutella sandwhich :)
my org currently uses webex. audio sometimes sounds "tinny" b/c of compression. does connect have the same shortcoming?
THANK YOU LORD FOR YOUR REVELATION
Been a rough few weeks. One of my close friends was murdered in July praying for justice and comfort. Miss u Ash!
Scooter's Coffee House 12th & Howard in Old Market and lots of others around Omaha: www.scooterscoffeehouse.com
- Hey Gary if my leave my office for lunch will u you keep me updated on tigers match please
hahahah yes exactly for at least 12 more minutes
someone gimme a shoutout? ..lol Jk im not a beg
Party animal... like me
It just hit me. I'm moving tomorrow and have so much to pack.
Funny, I happened to read this just last night. Fuck, I miss that guy. Did you read the "very, very short stories"? GENIUS.
Lol! Maybe. Still way cool! But still #iPhonedevoted RT “: it's just apple trying to be more like android.”
that's too funny lol
thanks for following!
right?? It's a 1 hour flight.
Well said, Jim.
1 minute left in the NBA - absolutely.
thanks bro umm how much you will to pay sick and his crew paid me $15 for a logo/avy and default and avy
Dallas, Kaufman, Rockwall under Tornado warnings now.
- The shorturl brought me to a page that was banned by my company (true)! ;-)
Somehow MD weather always makes me look like I'm crazy when I'm loading skis into my car for a trip. Winter, where are you?
“For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel’s sake. The great affair is to move.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
thank you my mann!
You feel a lot of things at three o'clock in the morning.
Love + Sex = A Epic collision
When Chunk took home Sloth at the end of Goonies that probably didn't work out as well he hoped.
yes i told you at the fight party!!
The slogan "When you're here, you're family." really makes it difficult to hit on Olive Garden waitresses...
Students are evaluating me in the other room.
NOW broadcasting @ www.getrichradio.com Dwan Bent-Twyford Known as the "Queen of Short Sales" Listen now and win the $1000 CASH prize!
": #FF I pray for an acceleration of growth and success...-->Thnk U! We pray the same 4U and Soul Artistry.
Today, MooTools' distinction between $ and $$ is annoying the hell out of me.
So is his ego.
Who waits at a store at midnight when Blizzard is awesome and has their games available online? I have my #D3 client ready and waiting.
If you for get me I don't for get you never
What a gloomy day!
too! #NYULondon might be a stalker coalition.
shave me.
I hate Bristol Down....I gotta move out dis bitch asap
Ms.Rhimes you are doing some amazing writing and story telling on Scandal
and.......was the slacker plan successful?
thanks for the follow!
hhhhmmmm is this the same who has decided to attend the WRONG school?!?
I am, alas, missing the Dianne Reeves performance, which all attendees are seeing. I call this
Cant young nigga get money anymore?!
What is happening?
Chillin, grillin, and enjoying some awesome steaks, drinks, and company with friends.
bb, whens your blog tv? i wanna take a nap c:
Hi Miranda! Thanks for the *like* and welcome to my page!
Come on (ring, ring, ring)! Alarm clock sounding time to get up! Don't forget to have breakfast! Most important meal of the day.
Mr. Belding is one fat fuck.
Never Really Knew Exactly How Good John Belushi Was Until I Ordered His Best Of SNL!
Stupid work conference for the next three days. No internet, boring speakers, and falling behind on work. Woo. :-|
That's the kind of thing that makes me go Mm m
your retweet from before
Be on your guard stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong. Do everything in love. 1cor 16:13
RT : "Normal is nothing more than a cycle on a washing machine" ~
tonight has been super annoying.... to say the least. oh well, seriously going to sleep now.... i hope.
The Squatch Hunters are hunting squatch in the Hudson Valley!!!
Good Night!
My eight-year-old niece told me all about lexiles last week, and it made me extremely ill and pretty angry.
My feet are killing me . And I don't Ben wear heels .
they got the biggest stewheads on #BGC8... NONE OF THEM ARE BGS
i would think like most companies advertise to their customer base. the models look like their customers
Donald Duck comics were banned in Finland because he doesn't wear pants.
“: optimizing someone's metabolism and figuring out what they respond to." I'd love to reduce the 2 hrs cardio! That's tough!!
I wish I could help.. Next time
hahaha you don't have the guts ...
Loves that Waffle House and Denny's are both trending. Good work party people!
We need new hold music for our telephones... If I had a hammer. Peter, Paul and Mary? Taking suggestions.
excited, nervous, tired, stressed
Until you value yourself, you will not value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
you do the same!! :) Muah!
Such a great quote! So inspiring! RT "Begin what you want to do now" (hanging in our office).
I need a new hobby besides crocheting socks.
I'm at CYD general session. You?
Happy 2012! During winter break (Jan. 3 - Jan. 24) Langsdale Library hours are 8am to 6pm, Monday through Friday (closed weekends).
Today IS national weed day, right? aren't they supposed to be like, shunning er whtev tht stuff?
Coding a simple web service in Perl.
still looking like a bill. But they're not too bad though
Did you know that AppleCare is void if you smoke around your gadget? Not that I have this problem - but FYI - another reason to quit.
Already full, but jealous, anyway!
Between The Dark Knight and The Avengers, I'm now convinced superheroes are always illegally using my phone to find bad guys.
I love the smell of peach Zig-Zags
Drool! He's awesome. Thanks for the heads up. $239 is a bit pricey, though. I'll check the local library first.
Why do I get so annoyed when my friends ask about One Direction? It's kinda like a bittersweet thing....... -G <3
The worst call I've seen at the end of a game in a while. It was a moving screen I just didn't think they would call it there
Somebody should so come keep me company during this late night practice session.
Haha, life is better that way! How are you? :-) "Ugh, I hate that you are so positive all the time... (btw, it's audrey XP)"
Well shit!!! “: "First Egypt ruins my Angry Birds moment, not the President ruins my Super Bowl buzz." That's why I love ”
It's true. Nothing sucks like a Dyson. I love mine.
My pleasure!
If you carry your childhood with you, you never become older
Man is the sh*t!
At the club with my mom.
I think I am successfully sweating out this cough/cold "thing"...yes I do know how attractive that sounds :)
Special thanks to designer for being a guest speaker in my games class today! We learned a lot from you. :-)
lol ricky he was joking around we just found it <3
too kind.. fun to be part of it.. should be proud.
Our InstantEncore app will be updated soon with program notes, audio, and more in the coming weeks. Stay tuned!
its been a while I've been on fb more than twitter Thts why
Good God. You're some classy bird Mr! With lovex
Holy cow, y'all. Samantha Crain on & #tastingnotes. No words. Only happy feelings.
good thing I went home early today otherwise I would be annoyed you did not stop in!
like seriously i'm just sitting here staring at my computer uh,
this should open the dialogue to exam where do certain expressions come from, what do they mean & do they have a place in language?
Need custom t-shirts for summer camp? Hit us! It's what we do.
FYI - an ellipsis (...) indicates an omission of a word or an unfinished thought. Use a period after words that form a complete sentence.
i love smoothies
is right. The fire department puts them up
More like chase a bicycle. #seewhatididthere? RT : BICYCLE, BICYCLE.. I want to ride my bicycle. Wait, I'm a dog.
You know how to work that off right? Be right over.
Appreciate the feedback, and we know people are excited for the Nexus. We'll share confirmed info here when we have it.
lmfao don't say that shit
Finally Found Someone Who Has The Same Taste Of Music As Me & Who Thinks That Is Gorgeous #WhiteGirlsBonding :)
Gingrich says he cheated on his wife with a staffer because of how passionately he felt about America. Why don't I love America that much?
Always seeing UT articles about something going on in my neighborhood in Pacific Beach. Today it was trash bags of marijuana in dumpsters...
My clothes are dope! Making 2 blouses and a dress as we speak! Wild weird stuff! Gotta love it!
I hope thats how this twitter thing works... .hahaha
Most important thing u must do as a man is represent STRENGTH... Be weak wit a strong woman and she'll devour yo azz!!
You know, sometimes my eyes just get tired of crying too much..and its all cause of that 'thing'>:'(
OSU GO BUCKS!
extended - Feb. 24 is last day of early bird for #ABATECHSHOW - TX lawyers use code EP1215 for addtl $200 off
Just asking: When are Cards dumping Ryan Franklin?! ERA is 9.88 + opponents hitting .393. Not sure of contract situation but enough!
Thank you Candice!
OMQ LETS BE 7 AND BE COPY CATS. #imcuteright ?
Happy Thanksgiving! Do you have any favorite traditions for the holiday?
#FF These Tweeps made my week:
Bout to try and use this phone this international service bullshit
Arguing with the raw milk/hardcore organic crowd is much like beating your head against the wall.
Damn will someone win already... SPURS & CLIPS supposed to be on.. I call spurs for this series
Just got back from Walmart & its crazy lots of ppl already & its not even black Friday yet!
New const. amendment: you speak of secession as a public official, you are disqualified from office in the federal govt.
"I'm an immigrant and I'm proud." Please retweet if you agree.
Not sure yet. I'm running for the undergrad seat on HQ's exec board so fingers crossed! Would love your chapter's support!
It looks like attagirl is expanding into Sioux Falls! More info to come!
um no
They won't b sleepn on u 4 2much longer. BELIEVE DAT! Let's catch up! Ur around the way, n the Hills! Errbody ain't able! <U+2764>it!
im so miserable #here.... i wanna go home and jus start over...
Again, love to #robertlawrencesalon I finally have a hairdresser in MKE who I love.
Gym to regain my sanity then back to work!
Don't like the 'cube-zoo' when I start talking to my coworker only to discover no one is there!
Listening to
My little boy turns one today. Happy birthday to Joshua and his Mama.
oh god you are so right!!!! It's semi-blasphemous for her to be a librarian :)
Ha! So funny you noticed. :)
The only thing worse than a cold toilet seat is a warm one.
sometimes I'm scared of you, but all I really want is to hold you tight, treat you right, be with you day and night!
yeah it's bomb. And I didn't get it cuz I love red chile con carne enchilada style haha
RACE BAITING IN THE GAY MARRIAGE DEBATE, because our country wasn't insane enough already! YAY!
so exciting! :)
Very small apartment complex! Maybe ten apts in eyeshot of it.
Joe Walsh tweet misleading for those outside Ill. Most'll think you mean rocker Joe Walsh (Eagles), who ran for prez before
just got back from italy...who has been...Italien love vacation..they hate working,but thats the way it should be huh!work less, make money
yay at the salon time to dye all the grays away lol
I love getting zeitler in draft
Where did the 76ers come from!?
Yes - a new Robespierre!
I'm at the airport in MKE on my way to LGA for the Mets/Brewers game but the weather doesn't sound like it's cooperating.
we have the same klout score! a whopping 17!
meanwhile, we're at happy hour. You're making me feel so unproductive. ;)
": Turning off the lights downstairs and running upstairs so no one kills you." Lol I do that.
act WILD, and CRAZY!!! And maybe go to puerto rico or florida!!
thanks man right back atcha
Yeah i said it publicly so run and tell your mother, mother fucker
How does Tuesday look for you?
I guess #Corey Hart heard calling him out to step up! I have some other names for U Craig to try next :)
love you :)
Good thing I brought an umbrella. Should have considered my rainboots--but I guess you can't win 'em all.
Ludacris will be at Rain on Saturday
Our poor grass looks like a rugby field.
Weekend is here. Indoor soccer. Bengals playoffs. Putting up pictures and new china cabinet above fireplace. My life rocks!
should be a good time
Trying to finish everything up before going on vacation AHH.
Peep this yall #Tupac dedication to #IronMike ,just watched the whole session at the studio recording this on the special about them!
was calledback for THE MOTHER FU**ER WITH THE HAT written by Stephen Adly Guirgis to be directed by Tazewell Thompson up at TheatreWorks!
Beginning in 2013, creators of works can reclaim copyright of their works created before 1978--learned that recently, and it's awesome.
I'm a Do me to the FULLEST =)
Fuck I'm tired I been out driving most of the day -_- been a bizzy day for me
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality
I'll be listening to you at the Avon, NY drive-in tonight :)
Go see
At the airport, waiting for my sister & crew to arrive in the baggage claim. In MY day, they let us wait at the gate.
Dance In The Dark
Got a behind-the-scenes tour of the new casino last night and all I kept thinking was "holy shit, this place is gonna be insane"
Looking forward to time with people that are clear on their intentions
OMG. R.Kelly!
sweet! Thanx for the follow
"Uncontroverted" should be trending soon. Thanks Ed.
which is crazy cause you look so young!
good to hear! How are you, P, & the boys these days?
I need to see The Lucky One
Nevermind Cena's busted face... You know it's a badass brawl when Yoshi Tatsu comes down to break it up.
“Every day of our lives we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference.” ~Mignon McLaughlin
The sci fi novels are right: every generation faces its own challenges, and the issue is how to reduce suffering and increase freedom.
RT : It is official! Washington DC to host this year's national convention. We couldn't be more excited!
Want to get ahead of an emerging market? By 2012, it is projected 17 billion mobile devices will be accessing the internet.
- have an idea for fundraising for during June. Wld love to get you in touch w person running campaign. DM me?
Grounded. But snuck on Twitter for your teeth(; Awwhhh yeah
Black Ops session tonight like a boss !!
Interesting points--I'll keep a look out for your blog post
. Whats on the menu today? and I are counting the minutes to lunch!
Windows are an integral part of your home whether you are having a holiday barbeque or welcoming a spring breeze into you living room.
ML Stallard: "Must have: respect, recognition, belonging, autonomy, personal growth, & meaning to excel at work."
Herring Brine is a good scent to wear on public transportation...
Another concert for the books! Thanks so much to everyone who helped and to everyone who came out! Here's to next year! :)
Read a great dissertation prospectus by tonight--excited to discuss it in Colloquium and hear more as it progresses!
GRIDLOCK ALERT Avoid the area of MLK-1st St & Orange-Central now til 6pm Saturday. THERE WILL BE STREET CLOSURES! PLAN AN ALTERNATE ROUTE!
loves coming home to NYC... 5 men on the street said god morning.
watching the films "Black Dynamite" and "Rage" back to back is one of the stranger film experiences.
I love the contemplation of that! :)
RT : RT : Libraries must support user-generated content--Susan Hildreth
We hope you like the magazine!
My favorite Milwaukee watering hole, will sell "I Hart MKE" shirts all season. Spend that $3 shipping you'll save on booze.
Every housewife, old man, 20 something, and kid are starring at me. I'm glad I'm that interesting to you all...
promo my twitter for me.
Have a great (All-Star) weekend from all of us at Kennedy’s!
saying AJ Smith really really sucks would be an understatement
Salty I can't sleep now
Just found out Erie is in Pennsylvania.
i knoow, its dumb. Thats why i just need an ipad. And yes, it was to you so i hope ur honored
Got sent home from school early for an appointment!
same I love to sing :D
Monday is like a math problem. Add the irritation, subtract the sleep, multiply the problems, divide the happiness. How's your Monday going?
Cool, if ya'll don't object, I'll plan on crashing the party. If u dont have a tic, I'll just pick up 1
you are really hot and please follow me bak on twitter and come to chicago!!!! you my number 1 idol i love you!!<33
If you are still passing notes in class it's time to start growing up.
1st blocks play was the highlight of my day!
I suppose I should start packing for my trip tomorrow...
Wow! Why does faith always cross our paths when i feel like its time to go
I wanna go to townsquare this weekend .
The text i'm about to send my main lady aka my mom >
happy happy !!
Welcome to Twitter! Have fun. Good luck!
I want to see u join the marines.
Finally getting around to seeing Watchmen!
RT : We're presenting #vmProtect 7 at the RHEV 3 breakfast this morning in DC w/ and
LOVE this. thank you from the bottom of my messy house and heart!
": name great places to drink in Chicago." Clybourn brewpub. Owned by Goose Island, but serves guest beers... no Bud yet.
Follow Back
HIGHTSTOWN: First Aid Squad has reason to celebrate
My dissertation included asking GenY's coworkers 2 list GenY values. Listing others might be difficult, but is it easier 2 list own values?
Ovens full, crockpots bubbling as about 40 Daisy Ducks prepare potluck lunch for football player after practice.
Roper hits Dwayne Eley, Jr. with a touchdown pass on their next possession, Preds lead 13-7.
Bound & determined to wear those strappy sandals to work? 2 things: 1- get a pedicure. 2- wear your right size shoe.
.. A passenger shouldn't be charged a fare either when the bus is more than 15 min late than its scheduled time for arrival!
"Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do" Benjamin Spock, born on this day in 1903.
On my way to #newhampshire.. Will be nice to be "home" for a while! Definitely need to take a deep breathe and regroup.
haha me too, he used to but then I deleted but I'll get him too again ;)
okay...once I get dinner started, I will b back on my laptop. <3
I really respect David Tepper and Appaloosa Management. He followed and used the strategy I used with C, BAC, JPM and ZION in 3.2009
I've stuck my face in some places before
do NOT do what mommy or aunt meme did. LMAO.
it's called a JOKE and a sense of humor. Google it.
Im sorry :( ill give you a big one tomorrow ? (:
Wow! Love the participation! 450 so far!
when are u putting another project out lord knows i would love to work with you.
no!! Tree is playing coy.
Beauty is a charm #sexyness!
Long day coming !
If there was ever a day where you were to spend all of your disposable income on plastic, today is that day. Happy Record Store Day!
Whew! What a semester – time to get back to Fed Hill Parlor Series planning!
startech com mp3 airlink digital media streamer
Pearberry Body Milk is Shea Butter body lotion infused with Organic Asian Pear & Succulent Blackberry.
Okay So I Admit It Im 100% Totally Gay!
RT : trust relationship communication RT : artists & community organizers: what are elements of good collaboration
I miss when I was little, and didn’t care about my weight, clothes, or hair, I just did what made me happy.
No major regrets and though I played fairly well today. Ended with 27300 resuming in the morning at 11am. Blinds 6 1200 w 100 ante.
Janet is the gold standard that all artists should be measured by...
Capital City Dance Team calendar signing is this Thursday from 7-8:30pm at BoneDaddy's!! Hope to see everyone there!!
Susan Wyatt, president-elect of the SPH student senate, leads the Public Health Professionals Pledge, a #SPHgrad tradition.
I think their jerseys have a bit less orange than ours, but a TON MORE BLUE...I'm just sayin
why is it showing me people followed me and when i click the name it says this user does not exist..
Camaro. Hm. Not so much.
- agreed. Great start to a stretch of tough road games coming up. Pitching has to stay strong.
how sweet
I now know the way to San Jose.
BRING THEM BEATS TO THE STUDIO FRIDAY NIGHT
Off to mariahs birthday part my niece is in love wit u!!! So am I lol!!!! ~BIEBER FAN AND IM PROUD~
I love Call Me Maybe especially the original video by Carly Rae Jepson and the cover by Justin, Selena, Alfredo, Ashley, and BTR
how have you been?
wait wait wait... tacos AND Torah? that has to be too good to be true. at Hillel tonight at 5-6!
im not a rapper.
Barack Obama & Michele Obama just spotted eating @ Union Street Public House in Alexandria, VA
#TeamNoSleep RT : Looks like I'm up by myself tonight
you're so sweet!! (: thank you sweet girl!
A Wise Man Once Told Me Any Boy Can Look And See a Girl But It Takes A Real Man To Recognize And See The Woman That She Is.
I bow to his greatness. RT : he's now giving his fictional NBA persona commentary: And Pea Knus scores!
Oh, well. Que sera. I've just lost hope recently for meeting him anymore.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally of dealing with men. ~ Joseph Conrad
I'm sexy and I know it. No, you're slutty and you blow it.
ah gottcha well as long as the confusion is a good thing...we'll say YES, but if not then def not! :)
and I are slamming some yummy food at yokozuna in tulsa.
Oh I forgot...light skin and Asian chicks be some big freaks too.
Time to follow! Follow:
RT beastie boys are hip hop legends. I remember my brother's license to ill album was always on rotation when I was little.
I wanna go see that movie with Johnny Depp ^_^ I love Johnny Depp <3
Silly man. Why can't you just thank directly?
after this first million...........
“We can't solve problems by using the same kind of thinking we used when we created them.” Albert Einstein
We're thrilled about our new followers!
tejano makes me want to shoot myself.
Morgan Tucker is keen to build links with schools in Newark - contact us for further info!
And that's how its done!
Good morning Twitter Nation!!
agreed haha doesn't mean I have to like him
oh cool!!! :) so how is itn like in England? or did u watch the royal wedding ? :P
I've already unsubscribed. It's a constant struggle to keep up with my email, and I just don't have the bandwidth for this.
RT : surveys of research literature by #techcomm practitioners doesn't seem to be a common thing
Indeed. I'm guessing you turn your neighbors heads when you hang out on your back porch? ;-) RT : A lady of leisure
the people with connections lol well that's cool I'm sure we will still end up with good seats just sucks, are you going?
hope the coffee helped you out!!
LADIES: how long does it usually take you to get ready for a night out on the town (shower included)?
SSID Campaign Kick-Off on Weds. Feb 15 from 5:30-7:30 hosted by 1911 wharton street!! Free food and drinks for supporters!
lmao yeah buddy ^.^ I'm ready to go now I just need a nap
I didn't know that Holden from #CabinInTheWoods was on #GreysAnatomy. That is how long I haven't watched this show.
All certified awesome! RT " "
haha I know I'm doing good so far :)
it looked a little prom-y to me. No?
pulling my hair out...i hate mondays.
On Gelid Night by David Hart
Geertz unfortunately blows it at the end by insisting that it's a text but w/e
tell your momma Gator says hey!
I stand for performers rights in Music Videos. Where do you stand? #thetimeisnow RT!
why do u have hate for 1D? and their not gay and even if they were who gives a care and STOP picking on Zayn
Probably 50% of all #foodhubs still relying on external support (beyond sales) to maintain operations.
Thanks for putting up the US News Online Rankings for the UB/Towson MBA on your site.
I'm thinking sushi for dinner...
and are getting everything set up for today's #MeatlessMonday!
is amazing!
I'm watching some cartoons;) I love cartoons!
yep, shoved it in car glove area, guess that was enough to do it
Flu be damned I'm busting out
Lol my sisters never knew I moved out.... my dad told them I was "outta town" for spring break nshit.
80 degrees in milwaukee today. Hoodies and tims fo life!
Try to check out Belle Pente Vineyards in Carlton, Anthony. Beautiful Pinot Noir.
Okay, my twitter hiatus has come to an end.
the girl on fire
better hope she doesn't bother me in class today.. Cus it's gunna come back and bite her!
whats been up bro
“: Dark skin niggas play "DDR" Dance Dance Revolution” umm okay. Haven't played in years though. Hahahaha
this is GREAT, thanks so much for sharing! Hope you all are having a blast at the sample sale!!
Major moves happenin we have some shows lined up in sacramento and las vegas and HollyWood Burn$ droppin soon DJ Joker The New Era out now!
#grandslam by a nobody who cares! I'll take it :)
The thought for the day: Because you are natural doesn't always mean you have healthy hair.
Why do i like guys idk?
my bad, wrong person lol sorry
I wish they would've played the songs I requested though. -.-
Challenge y'all to invite some thirst virgins ;) RT : WHOOT! just grabbed our tickets!
Best sentence of day! - (AP) -- Hostess has enough cash on hand to keep stores stocked with Ho Hos, Ding Dongs and other snacks for now.
Read to a Dog from 3:30 to 4:30! This will be the last RtoD before Cutter and Bella go on their summer vacation, so be sure to stop by!
thanks for the follow! Do you see the Gallup-BBG partnership contributing to the #futureofpd evaluation?
going to bed! goodnight ;)
You ain't got shit on me &
Hey! Happy 21st to ...hope tomorrow you don't remember too much of it!
Lots of interest today in our small business prospect/lead management software! Want to give it a try? DM us for info on a free trial.
We do try to be creative, but elephant has never made it onto our menus... We like eating WITH family.
The most interesting Ficelles in DC will be #Metro Center today! Get ready!!!
I was supposed to be coming up to copper harbor this weekend.. too bad. we could have been drinkin Labatts like mofo's
Somebody should play in the snow with me(:
Who uses Amazon to buy music? I know iTunes is more popular but I'm curious to know how many Amazon users there are!
With that, the most runs Smyly has given up in his career
is looking at college applications from other schools-the "competition" so to speak
yeah it's bad on my apartment's lawn and we don't even allow dogs.
Rule #1: Do only that which is right. Rule #2: If it feels right, do it.
“: I wish I had a nice pair of tits to play with when I get bored”
Gamel's knee may end up being more impactful than any 2011 #Brewers injury, Weeks included. Set panic level to fuscia.
It's still on there! Go checkout www.Maybach-Entertainment.com haha
As sad as it seems, it doesn't really matter to me
Sure... I think it fits nicely after reading the Twilight Saga.
I wouldn't actively shop him. RT : so you are saying move krejci in offseason?
How long have you been working in PR/Adv and with Tedx?
heads up in case you want to follow: - user group twitter
No matter if its in a bottle, or on tap. its
It's a beautiful Wednesday here in San Diego - Are you ready to make a move here? I'm your guide to SD Real Estate!
Hey Luke I love your movies and ur music and i would love it if you could follow me please??:)
No #baseball player since 1901 has gone 0-8 and been the winning pitcher in a game. Viva la #ChrisDavis!
yes now i am!
Yesterday was the great Kit-Kat massacre. I am wiping out the last survivor as I type.
JJ Watt TOTALLY told me, to tell you, to tell Heller to #letphilplay Honest.
so angry . not in the mood for school tomorrow -.-
still can't get Vanessa to get a Twitter.
Fuck. This is a problem o.o
“: That awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh .. (-_-)”
if #jeremylin didn't play in NYC, nobody would know who he is - FACT.
sounds like fun, I like that band but I already told my folks I was going to go see them today. =\
Had a breakthru in my singing lesson today. Thanks to Billy Joel and Jerry Herman and phil hall! I'm officially a mix belter!
#Goodmorning to you sis..I'm great how are you? :D
It's literally enraging. I can't watch five minutes without screaming at the tv. It's unbelievable that it's taken as reality.
lol I'll be back soon!!!
Bored...bout to start dis music flow..
Liking your own status on FB is like a self high-five. I can assume you like what you say without you literally "liking" what you say.
Perfectly fine now fuck yes
Very successful day <3
You too nephew!
Yes!!! The #celtics move on to the next round! #nbaplayoffs Those last minutes of the game were ridiculous.
Bo is spreading antivax propaganda while spreading viruses around the country (in people)
watt is dms
Startisan house party tonight! 10pm. YOU are invited!!
Download "Happy Hours" for iPhone, Android & Blackberry & use it when ur out and about looking for cheap food/drinks! www.gotime.com/mobile
Had a great commercial shoot & just got home from gym... I'm down 4 the nite...
nowhere til five. Went to the other side, which exhibit hall are you nearest? Still 1?
Thank you. (Laughing)
LET'S NOT FORGET to VOTE on APRIL 23rd
Only 1 week left to register online for #sdp2p! www.pathsreg.org
i wish i could text,/:
or I can totally give you the easy version. ;D ...but it still takes like 50 minutes.
Off to to hear and Joyce Maynard in conversation. Sure to be lively!
Sweet! Found you on page 7 though.
You guys i miss him like i miss summer lmao I do thoe i just wanna run up to him and hug him.
Why do graffiti artists rarely take over billboards? This seems like the ideal forum. Subvert marketing. A big public canvas. With lights.
I suppose I did "choose" childlessness, in that I chose not to engage in "unprotected" intercourse with men who wouldn't marry me. Stupid.
The Innovative-e metro UI for #MSPC12 is beautiful! More companies should build sites like this for conferences!
My car slid and decided to diced to give the wall a love tap while going up the on ramp for the west end bridge.
No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place. ~ Zen
Sports Illustrated doing a story on #Aztecs & Coach Fisher. Look for it soon. My title guess: "Who Are These Guys?" Yours? #SDSU FIGHT!
Justin Bieber's lips >>>>
Is #Tebow a sustainable endorser? Are companies signing him now looking for short term returns or do they think he has long range power?
and I have been guilty of it. You get caught up. Your cast is gonna nail it. Can't wait!! Xoxo
#MyPastRelationships we're shit! Cause my Boyf was always judging me!
talking about the importance of great educators right now.
I would be a loyal customer
Art must take reality by surprise.
Incidentally, also what I call my dog when he won't stop barking.
Colorful Knesset Member Einat Wilf will be on the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen In!
Sheryl Crow tells #stagecoach crowd she's making a country album with the help of tonight's headliner Brad Paisley.
Today's Get Energized tip: Keep your freezer temperature set at 0°F.
Big thank you to for catching an .htaccess issue with a site I just transferred over. Appreciate it, man!
that's cool. Thanks again!
RT : #rockies game tonight. 5th row back from first base. could never afford these tickets at a #redsox game.
No not yet on tv!
I Wanna Go To A Grove St. Party!!.
Has been in bed, reading, all day. Terribly unproductive.
please don't ever again let me read the words, "pre-scheduled twitter e-blasts" in a professional context
#NeverShouldYouEver call a girl fat.....
awesome! hope to do it again...
Onward Search PPC Jobs Salary Guide Spotlights Top US Markets for Job Seekers - MarketWatch (press release)
thegirlmakesbanners shop is DOWN for over 16 hours now. Have contacted you twice about this with no word. Please help!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it
ya dude
That doesn't make sense.
Just scored 98 tickets to the tulane baseball game when we are in NOLA.
I know DAMN WELL you wouldn't have :P don't play girl
Next time you are on #DaBus, look for the placards with the QR codes. I think there is a separate app for android.
#Memberprofilein140: acupuncturist & herbalist Mitch solves health issues from heartburn to back pain, migraines & allergies.
New in Reference Universe: The Encyclopedia of War, 2012 from
Finally got a Pinterest account!!! Be prepared for lots of links...any suggestions for a new "pinner?"
yeah right.. They're never on schedule. Trip should be free if the bus is 15 min or more late..
ok wat happened wit deion sanders???
After the Backus Open House on Sept.11th...Join Team Thomas @ Taft for our Annual Family Day!
#HBO #24-7 ... so good. The best. Excellent - all the way around. Hits the mark on every level.
usually im just having convos with myself saying random things lol.
Thanks to all who came to our Holiday Shopping Event! It was a BLAST! Have a great Holiday! Stay tuned for Grey Line Map events coming soon!
I LOVE NASHVILLE! Wish I could live there.
I'm going to meet someone there and then coming to carpool. UGH.
(also, Cleveland stories placed in nat'l pubs from local group I worked with? Two!)
#ifiruledtheworld no school. whatsoever. no more war. & food & shelter provided for all homeless people. yep.
How can people go thru life with no people skills!
profile photo changed. i no longer wear suits.
When are you going to notice me ? <3
you're so right. If I have to remind myself to buy vodka I probably need more bubble in my life!
Happy easter twitter friends! <3
meet me in the city den cuh! lol
ok. If not, its in the 2200 block of Cascade Rd.
A wife sends her programmer husband to the store, "get bread and if they have eggs get 10." He came home with 10 loaves of bread.
Very alarming fact about the # of BLACK MEN locked up exceeds the # of slaves.
Ok usher has made it a bit better
will you be selling and autographing it at Fresh?
David Gruber at Benelux. Keeping an eye on Twenty years of personal beef has been building.
Soo, I'm actually pretty good at shooting guns. Watch out, zombies.
Oh word? Lesean mccoy is similar to barry sanders?
But but but we have assets & options! Flexibility! Honestly I don't eem know what that means anymore.
What is your favorite part of doing #Pilates? Is it the actual moves? Does it relax you?
We were all wondering what it looks like, and now, here it is! More » Post from: TheGloss
Done. Next vacation is to NY with you! Boom.
Good Morning!!!!!<U+2665>
So happy you will be with us another season. CC you on OPENING DAY!
i wanna know lol
Just seen the hottest guy ever and I look disgusting :(
who are we to be emotional? who are we to play with hearts and throw it all away?
Check out www.buywithme.com for some great mattress savings! Or visit Mattrezzz Guys on burnet road for details!
Never got used to the vertical swipe. I feel it works much better on iPad.
Today is our official Beta Launch. Welcome New Members.
We have some great live footage from out set in Pittsburgh last night. Putting together a little video for you guys! Who wants to see this?
Swimmingly. Sent out for new FW port. IDE-compact flash chip ordered. 32GB CF card, FW400-800 cable have arrived
hm..im thinking...Next to you??
Did I really just tell Jerry O'Connell that I wanted to make out with is wife!?!? Yep...
Well said. ": #S4PM TY & all drs who give their all for patient care - how hard you work for us"
Watching supernatural, doing hw, and exfoliating :) i love unadulterated moments
Be classy, not trashy. Starting shit at the mall, HAHA.
Love that my job allows (and encourages!) me to meet interesting new people.
Alright I was always going to donate, but playing the extended version of Jungleland this a.m. sealed the deal.
;) can i have u? Lol thanks sexy
Clippers bench got the win for them today!
I love the visual note taking at #sxsw keynotes -- thanks,
Time is expensive. As a matter of fact, 80 percent of our day is spent on those things or those people that only bring us two percent of our
Have you looked at the 127 things that were considered? That prayer doesn't make the top 127 is very disturbing to me!
Listen 2 Avant My First Love.
There was supposed to be a Selena concert yesterday in Charlotte... What
Never buy a $7 replacement power cord for you laptop on eBay. Also, never own an Acer laptop.
driving is not helping my cause at all!!!
What do you do on these middle of no where trips?
$13 for 1 Scary Ghostly Tour Ticket with Toronto Tour Guys ($26 Value)
I understand winning is now to our detriment but I'd like something to be able to stomach and watch
Well said my friend, well said.
Bartolo Colon is a big boy too.
“: “I’m so glad I got sorted into Hufflepuff!” - Said Nobody Ever.” except
Vikings fans must be miserable, maybe they should watch the human centipede to cheer themselves up!
Had a dispute at home last night. Husband brings flowers today. Husband leaves for fishing trip tomorrow despite graduation deadlines. 3+1=2
can i help?
I've never seen that movie so im still bias...lol but BELLY'S soundtrack would probably beast that one!
It is estimated that a consumer sees 3k-5k brand messages a day
Cleaning in the "morning". I hate finding open beers that are almost full. What. A. Waste.
#ThingsMyMotherSays "how about you make me the sandwich?"
it was good to meet you! Had a blast! Save travels home!
Started a new twitter account. I we'll give it another shot.
Canes wit da brother
I would do nothing. I would relax, I would sit on my ass all day, I would do nothing.
Today would have been a great day for you to be your crazy bitch self <U+263A>
haha I can't promise that lol
It's everywhere. I'm noticing many bogus followers with blank Twitter accounts and meaningless boards (with dubious links).
Enter me into the ATL bracelet comp. Thanks! :)
Thinking of getting it for my 89 year old friend. She loves listening to Books & watching YouTube videos. good choice?
Wish I had never been introduced to the luxury of Egyptian cotton. Now I'm out $100 on a new duvet cover. Damn you Marriott Renaissance Inn!
I need energy!
; road to Oklahoma in the morning. (:
good morning friends
Interview for a CNA job today after I get off work
They still think it's the US Flag
When are you leaving for Nashville?
Jesus Shuttlesworth is Trending. Bad acting should be too
have you seen the david blaine one where he discusses his strategies involved in holding his breath for 17 minutes?
thanks for sharing the content checklist! ^ag
Thank God for hot cinnamon spiced tea tonight.
your dick needs to thicken up
100 day challenge!
maybe if you listened to NPR you'd know how to pronounce behemoth
I do jokes about palm trees and coconuts. I'm a tropical comedian.
And when will u factor in Bron's overall playoff production? I agree Kobe/Wade/Pierce 1st, but not even a mention for bron?
he's never going to win WV anyway.
umm, Yes! is amaze- love her blog. Also kinda obsessed with several others too--
It time to get ready for something better
how was the show? Love the amphitheatre.
Reconnecting w all my #rhetoric nerds at #NCA11 and loving it!
You got the point! I hate Mondays too. Please, can't we just have Fridays and Saturdays? It'd be awesome.
I really think Wright goes in the first round, I just don't have a spot for him if Cleveland passes at 22...very deep WR class
Just woke up its so boring when your on twitter and dont hav friends so please follow me and ill follow u back
So effing tired
Game 2 tonight, Blues need to even the series back up
will you please #follow me!!
Happy National Coffee Day!
Congrats women Aztecs on the big mountain west championship win. Up next. The men! I believe that we will win...
AUTHOR'S NOTE: If you have a stevekingism let me know. All insane rantings will be posted. DM or @ reply
i just followed u
Can someone explain (or link to) why the 4 play-in games all don't lead into 16 seed spots?
#WhenIWasLittle, it was the 80's.
These look more realistic, though admittedly I didn't log in: gk2gk.com sweetongeeks.com nerdpassions.com
good lookin bro. Hope all is well on ur end
glad you enjoyed it! If you get the chance, you should go to Central Park today- its always really pretty during the 1st snowfall
is really really REALLY freaking hot!!!!!! Like omg he is stunning Love him so much <3
#nowplaying kaiser chiefs
"I'm breaking up with Heather Graham because I need my space."
shut up
Hold tight Hoosier Nation it's still anyone's game!
LMFAO, DNT KNOW WHY, iTUNES IS SO COMPLICATED.....SMDH!!!!
Girl Scout Cook orders were distributed to the office today. Yum!
Back at the gym full force this morning. I feel a lot better.
Philadelphia apartment for rent at 27th and South. 2 bed, 2 bath, garage space, laundry, and monthly maid service included. $2100 OBO
Dont take people for granted no matter how much they love u, people get tired eventually
we can offer brownies courtesy of
where you getting wings at fools...lol
call me.....do u want my telephone number ?? ahhahaahahahahahahahahahahhahaha :) i love u :)
thanks for following me - I'm living #aln2011 vicariously through your tweets :) I wish I could be there!
I love Monday morning at work. Getting the little things done to start the week and listening to !
At the ball game. love that my wife called it a full house rather than a full count.
just don't mind the 1st part were they are talking and stuff! i love this song!
thanks! will look at both soon. on my way to skl :-)
Proud to be following , Twitter account of the National Writers Union (UAW). I belong, & value the NWU's efforts for writers.
Thanks for serving at the #Easter Banquet ! You helped us serve 630 men, women and children!
YO COMING UP SEPT. 13TH 21+ THE SHAKEDOWN SUNDAY. FOR MORE INFO PLEASE VISIT MYSPACE.COM/MAGIKENTPROMOTIONS
RT We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit. -Aristotle -Excellent advice for new lawyers
joey barton is gully
I sent a tweet to the wrong handle before...
tried including twitter length disclaimer. not saying screw the jace-owning minority, but there's certainly an argument there
Dirty Mike and The Boys. ~DEAD. <3
Me! RT : RT : I think astronauts should teach geography classes, who's with me? CC
Attendees are coming in, 's Flour Bakery has delivered breakfast, and we are ready to rock and roll at the #cleanweb hackathon.
Well hey there Mr Saturday! Didn't notice you there!
Can certainly Have to have Zinksalbe Gegen Pickel Gain Truly ...
Vegas Vacation Seeing as much as we can while hear heading home Friday morning.
sure i messaged it to you on fb.
Putin Sworn In Amid Crackdown - Wall Street Journal
Nice meeting you tonight! Welcome to KC, neighbor.
These days people worry about whos the badass instead of their future
#TheThingsIMiss playing high school football
HE DID, dumbass, hence the student loans!
Getting a suite with my babez and mom and mother in law I really don't care what I freakig wear
Spurs in 5.
My mother is a professional rhino herder.. Lol
A subject for a great poet would be God's boredom after the seventh day of creation.
Today has been awesome, but I really need some dinner and a nap
listening to live stream of
omg ! is that freak ! , nabeyy !
When you feel your body go numb and you just rather not think about anything
Finishing a book is always a little sad. It's odd all of a sudden not to have anymore time w/ the vivid world you just spent so much time in
Roasting about 100 lbs. of pumpkin in the oven (yes, I'm exaggerating!) - we'll be able to make pumpkin muffins and pie all year. :)
After Paul Pierce 3-pt, then in&out on another 3, then OFF REB by KGarnett w/nifty pass to Bass dunk #Celtics 46-27. Pierce with 15pts
#WordPress or #Joomla! -- Developers, which do you prefer to work with?
What must that dinner convo be like? RT: Kate Hudson is sitting next to Colin Powell and Mitch McConnell at
You look really beautiful today bb ;)
SlutWalk Milwaukee is now on Tumblr! Follow us and join in on the discussion: slutwalkmke.tumblr.com
With mother's day and a trip to Madison this weekend, I didn't get much time to read. But it was a great weekend, nonetheless.
BOOK COVER CONTEST! BOOK COVER CONTEST! I will be making an announcement soon!
Alright Mary Ann... Time to fuck your life up with the paper I'm about to write
and I will be there. Looking forward to it!
Nothin to do but knock this work week out, really. Let's go
Watching ancient aliens 3rd season episode 4 aliens and temples of gold. Awesome series, really makes u think about things.
If you could message people on instagram tho..
OH: this is the weirdest party I've ever been to. Me: I told you... Corp lawyers gone wild. Wild?
First casino experience: spent 10, won 13 on the slots, got arrogant, proceeded to lose 13.
What day is it?
o.O 69 followers? yes please
Hey, tried to email you at kw2ideas and got bounced back. You still there?
Last night's game was great. So glad to be back in boston and my home state...and win! Thanks BiGi for the 2 goals! And C.P. for the shutout
this made me happy RT “: My favorite part of Wheel of Fortune is when I discover the contestants faults and destroy them one by one.”
Yes ma'am you do! Let me know what your schedule is like!
How awesome was last night? Daily Mail gives me chills. Andrew Bird + Noel Gallagher also notable performers at
yayayayay :) we're gonna make a rap, cause you know we're the mini Drake's <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
someone has seriously spiked the blogger juice ;)
If you tell the truth, i tbecomes a part of your past. If you tell a lie, it becomes a part of your future.”
Freezing cold. (Shivers!)
happy easter everyone !!! <3
Yo chill out talkin to my boy like that.
yes the print shop is just few minutes from your place
ahaha! Yup, bought it all! ( btw ate at Hemingway's tonight!)
Ward!! Word!
Overdue but sincere thanks for the RTs, everyone.
Good morning new followers!
i feel sick -_-
Hope to see a great turnout @ Playdate w/ the Bearcats from on Sunday 2/12 2-5pm to support
Love getting snapped at for something that isn't my fault
is it terrible that i never really got into #madmen? love the 60s aesthetic, though!
The worst thing about bad sun burns is that at random moments you just start getting the chills constantly :p
Going to sleep wit plenty of thought on the brain but these thoughts are worth keeping in mind
Follow me on gif boom marcyx3 :) I follow back!!
What restaurant does the amazing Benker work at? (Stalker questionD:) Cause although I'm nowhere near you I wanna know so...
lol i hate it when that happens
I wish people were like money... so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake.
I love Julian and I'm not saying he's not good enough or special enough to dance with the boyz because he is, it just isn't right.
Have fun in Europe! Prayin for ya! :)
J stopped dreaming a long time ago. What I do is real. Always, Always, be confident in what GOD created you to be.
Hey boy,i think i wanna marry you <U+E328>
Great cartoon of Law Library with computer lab on one side, books w/ "in case of emergency break glass" label on the other.
3,000 plus fans and GROWING! Thank you everyone for all of your love and support!!! ALWAYS BELIEVE!!!!!
well I'm glad you had as much fun as we did. It was good seeing you again.
RT : Happy Opening Day !!
Just called a female agent "Rachel." Her name isn't Rachel.
Meeting at #houseofblues for
People from school think I care if they unfollow me. HAHAH.
#Top10drupa No 7: Five beers a night begins to sound reasonable
you gonna pick me up in FLL on the 7th at 6:30 am??? Please
Nothing makes the return to raw composition sweeter than spending weeks having done nothing but line
: My mug is going to have vampire fangs!
you know out of curiosity i tuned in to the mariner broadcast and its way better than yes
Thanks for the RTs!
scratch that fog rolling in right now! Early...usually waits until 4
Millions of people are out of work because Republicans want one man's job.
Running on 9% battery & idk where the charger is.
Nothing that they've never played before, Identikit!
I could use a 24/7 Five Guys...
(c) And other presidential statues! (: I honestly think you and would love it! (c)
In Music Meeting- Tokyo Police Club “Wait Up (boots of danger)” a bit more early 90’s jangle-alternapop than I was expecting
road trip <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hilarious Rt : I want my last words to be "Hold my beer and watch this shit."
Both of those sound like they can shape your day!
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may soon announce he is stepping down.
Don Kazel here, hope your feeling better. Take care big guy.
Anytime buddy ..
I think i say golf wang too much. Oh well !
@ pre tailgate party 4 Texans. Let me know u here
step step step *bang*
I'm just trying to be yours .
Thanks for the RT !!
hold the fort me friend, I might be home soon! ;o) <- but I'm only 1 person, will have to recruit -> (cont…
and I can't seem to keep up with it and it's making me CRAZY!
Oh shit, I will take both. When would I need to pickup?
at least you have snacks!
CAN'T BE BOTHERED
If you could visit any library in the world, which one would you visit?
AH! LOVES.
lol!! It's not hard!
Aw Jess it will be alright!!
oh, totally forgot about that! Maybe it's for the best.
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 18
play some danko jones!!
dan you have to learn to deal with the pain and who it hurts!
The mafia family has higher ethics and values then that team. Never trust a former crack addict.
Happy New Year Jeanette.
Here's a quick read: www.trisefbook.com
yea but you can't sign the book if i get it from amazon ;) Haha ill get it from there though thanks buddy
Can't wait to play with you tomorrow!!
I can def chime in - Do you guys need help with your Social Media as well?
At the nail shop trying to relax....
We taking orders by the pound RT I need to cop a Black Water t-shirt. Cash is ready.Make that happen sir. Thanks
stay WARM! I hope your feet don't get as cold as they did at the last game.
Legislative Oversight Operating Budget hearing for is underway.
if u ask me 4 my body gone put uin chek cuz we jus met can't do that yet-sho u rite! i remember hearing that as a youngin
Oy how do people do this?!?! ((((HAYDIOSMIO))))
Save the Date: April 21... Edge Model Opening Party. We are very excited as the riverfront condo building starts to really develop!
What was the first brand new car you ever bought?
Enjoy Her Beauty In HD The most desperate housewife now on your desktop!
I WILL CHANGE EVERYTHING JUST TO SEE UR FACE AGAIN
Could this day go any slower?!?
Good Morning
smells like a man... I sprated her with my body spray.
Sometimes you just have to make a move
Hi! :D I wanna talk to you!! I miss yew. x3 But I only have 10 mins before school starts.
"Would you like anything to read?" - Miss Prothero. Chistmas Eve 2011. Peace on Earth.
I just want Joe-Joes. You guys are crazy.
Firefighters and #LANL officials told me around noon that the fire was burning/had burned 'between 45,000 and 67,000 acres.'
This "every day is leg day" regimen is really effing up my running aka I'm not burning nearly enough calories.
Just heard on What a #fool Stay away from this man. #teaparty foolishness!
TocoBell her i come:)
Yay friday! The office bar is open!
same!!!! I want to lose my lip virginity to Gaga
Sleeping on the couch tonight.. Mos comfortable
Still won't work. Haha! Yep, trying to figure out when to see my Seattle crew!
Yeah, likewise. I love how Pens fans have so much respect for the Devils even though theyre rivals. Classy organization!
Congratulations on your nephew. How is WBEZ?
That's why we picked up ramirez, #mlb good game at miller park
Ron has done a masterful job on Durant tonight. Just watch how he takes him out of position before he even catches the ball.
sounds good! I think I should be ok to join & am happy to help if you need it! I'm no expert but a fast typer & multitasker - lol
Social Cammin' it all weekend so follow me to watch me act like a moron
I guess I'll just watch OTH.
#TEAMBREEZY <3 Please RT if you do i will probably freak the hell out!! lmaoooo! Come On Chris Just RT for your New York fans :]
#TGIF Put on your #BEER drinking hats! The weekend begins...NOW!
will we have a WSJ quiz tomorrow?
Don't let your left hand know what your right hand is doing. #Couldn'tBeMoreTrue
my cat is real cute all cuddled up to me and stuff.
Damn I really havnt been on twitter in like a month! S/O to my AZ FAM I miss ya'll!
No matter what you think, Obama is inspiring and one hell of an orator
wow! God Bless you for saying that way to go dad. hope you do have a shot gun by the door she will be hotter
hahaha that is awesome. I think that's a sign, time to retire
Why do I always end up being alone in dark rooms watching serial killer documentaries
Happy mothers day! And happy birthday Crystal (18)! And Happy bithday to my great grandmother (87)!
God gave u today so theirs a way by be bless children of god another oprtunity given go get them ...
Slide to the right
Please hold off on talking about Google+ until I get an invite. Thank you.
Let me see what we can do. Be back to you in a min.
who was the predictor and what was his web-site? listening in the car, forgot it by the time i got home!
Check out www.baltimorebusinessjournal.com for all the latest local Baltimore inaugural news!!!
I can' tell you I was in bed with a bad stomach virus & still feeling it but will let you know
Alright Twitter World Peace!!!!!!!
looking forward to it!
Watching the shuttle in Rosslyn!
Speaking of Harvesting, did you ever play Dune? I harvested so much spice. So many spice harvesters lost to sand worms...
grassy ass
Just tweeting me back makes us even !!!
fun stat of the day. User downloaded Yurbi at 12:49 today and had it installed and activated at 1.
Danika Patrick apparently is in #NASCAR this year. Media hasn't paid much attention.
Pro tip: don't get melting menthol crystal in your eyes.
This guy has jokes RT : trade me halladay. u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
I'm not a kid anymore so I can't be kidnapped I can only be napped, which doesn't sound bad because I love naps!!!!!
Alot better luv thanks for asking.. When I heal I'm coming to get you to go to my new spot$$$$
Ass phatter than a Swamp Possum with the mumps!
aww thank you! :) Your not so bad yourself! Hahaa
well its $200 for the "be iconic experience" plus hotel, food, gas, and maybe plane tickets..
thnks 4 rt. -nanubhai.org-teachers 4 India's kids. Event tom in NYC. wanna come w me? traveling hence late invite-Lots of celebs
Midnight cruise with minivan's phasers set to Baby Stun.
Kirk Cousins = Drew Brees. Don't be surprised if Cousins has a better career than RGIII.
Music Journos: are u less likely to cover music sent digitally? Looking for the actual track record, not the 'in theory' thinking. Thx!
Nice "meeting" you.
Participate in the #HERVotes blog carnival for the anniversary of the Affordable Care Act!
Interested to see people's opinions on the video.
At #TheRootCafe with #ParkerPennington - big things on the horizon!!
People shouldnt joke about bullying. Its a serious issue. People every day suffer from it.
Lol .. Boosie got me saying .. stand down my boy !!!.
i can't stand females that have a problem with you cuz you look better than them...lol
Wish it, dream it, do it.
so ready :)
that is a good way to put that i was thinking of how to eplain that #SHOUT OUT
Hello to everyone. Had a great week performing with down at The Barn in Sanford.. Awesome place to play!
#ThingsNotToDoAfterABreakup go see another guy the very next day! Smh
today a buyer said he recently spoke with my "#ARTDEALER_slash_ASSISTANT" said naw..dats jst my
uh uhh I said it must be, cause a nigga got dough!
Eating some Takis and watching 1000 Ways To Die....Hell Yeah!!!!
Awe I hope Bentley feels better. Delilah's been sick too. It is not fun!
ha! that is good. I wonder where you're getting these from :P
Good idea!
I don't know if I missed you or not but I just want to say that your album is amazing and I can completely relate to every song
"Perhaps Tomorrow" will screen on Wednesday, 5/16 - come on out & join us... HDFEST Events HD film festival - Portland Event
“: can Christina be anymore rude to ? Textn while he was talkin to all 4 coaches!
Had a great meeting with Louise from Best Of this morning at Rushtons
I believe you have to drink a bunch of winter beers, could be 10 different kinds
MimiGooner people subbed off for match fitness don't usually go straight down the tunnel when subbed
& Christian's relationship > So Cute & baby Chase ! Aw ; #QuieroMiBaby <3
I'm in desperate need of better powerflow (pilates/yoga) music. Any suggestions?
“: Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.” this is for you
Yes, they sure did. I'm sorry I neglected to mention that it was out now
what u think about that afc championship game?
yea isn't it a bunch of Mexican beaner DJs? Idk maybe dude cause I got a new job with Oscar and Oj :)
So I got up at 645 am to register for next semester and I have now been laying in bed playing with my new iPad. I'm in love!
I don't think I have any Rapture worthy hats to wear for the occasion.
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer11
nice shirt :P
- Could you DM me an email address? Would love to send you info on upcoming NJ family friendly events.
Rose!!! No!!!! Bulls gonna have to do things without him :/
Katy Perry is HOT!!!! I am loving it!!!!
Wish it was real.
Oh my god, got robbed!! They asked him "Who WILL be the final 2" not who SHOULD be! is the true winner - kept it 100!
I know - I want to go back to NYC too. M - another vacation elsewhere with you would suffice too ;-)
So...then...Kim wins #survivor...better than Alicia winning. Alicia's low IQ ass needs an attitude adjustment.
with A hater a day is good!
Ran this morning, on purpose. Probably should have cut back on those Chipotle Burrito's a long time ago.
such a wonderful weekend in the sun - wish I could play in the sun again today!
Great post, excellent resources got the book That's Rude Dude for my Aspie 14 year old who called me a biatch today!
you played my favorite character on DHW, and did it amazingly well <U+2665>
I should probs write in my blog today
what do u mean by falling out
I'm afraid they weren't very encouraging. Best they could do was tell me someone would call me back by 6. So I lose today.
Awesome right!? Thanks for stopping by! RT Checking out and trimmings, loving this concept!
And in case it needs to be said - this ain't personal. My problem isn't with you, Shannon, just the sentiment you're espousing.
Thanks for creating the Black talon event.. Awesome.. the warZone also.. Very smooth, I'm looking forward to the game very much!
Leaving 30 minutes late for pledge retreat.
Never seen the USA this packed
you're welcome!
#FOLLOWME & I FOLLOW YOU - Retweet 2 Get More Followers -
Thank you! Nope, you made it in time!
You just might be funnier than Ginger! Please tell your owner to hurry back to Hulu! haha
Thanks for following! XOXO
Sad that Svuem is leaving 2 the Cubs but happy for him personally. He should of gotten the Brewers gig full time after Yost
#modernfamily! I'm so glad we get a full hour today! :)
no doubt
Is Twitter a bad place to propose?
Holy fuck .. #Stahl from the point!
my office hours are 9 ta 5 but you can be my 6 to 10
Once again the #Falcons look completely lost going into the half. The #Giants are gonna come out focused. Watch.
Take all your big plans and break em this is bound to be awhile.
All yall tlkin dwn on #BP but if it wasnt for them yall parents wouldnt have faked an injury to get that settlement check!
Part of me wants to go out. But thats the crazy part.
Greg always tweets things that I say; they're of context and out of control...
Tweet me a color and I'll put my iPod on shuffle and tweet you your song you get <3
WHAT??? You haven't seen the new promo yet? Come on kids.....catch up :)
wait for it ... $125/person.
I miss u! You should ask ur parents if u can come stay at ur tia's house for 4th of july weekend!
Ever wonder how 7 Figure gifts happen? They happen because #fundraisers who solicit these donors have adopted the right mindset & paradigm.
Had that name as an experiment we were testing something out
just saw you on #JaneByDesign :)
you have the best hair please please tell me where to get it from
Awesome!! Fireworks and sirens!!
In general drugs are kind of amazing. And that's kind of an understatement.
I hear ya. But I think the faster a trend starts on the internet, it will the longer it will take to die out. IMO.
ima tell you one time
I'm loving this vibe tho
TY for the RT. Have a great day!
Beauty catches the attention but character catches the heart..
Wish I could've saw
About 2 start tweeting 4 the next hour random shit...
“: I never get Goodmorning texts..” only if I had your number! :)
-- loneliness / felt by the one / hearing the cuckoo #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
What to do for lunch hmm
We're joining for our weekly dose of #CHIchat in 15 minutes. We're talking about #Comedy in #Chicago. Join us!
great dmv experience on friday, awful one today. making me wait just to hand over old license plates.
where u live?
thanks! Would be much appreciated if you would give use a retweet and/ or a facebook share
Ran out of gas in the f'ing desert. I kid you not. Waiting for roadside assistance...
It's finally Friday!! R-t if your happy as I am(:
OMG THE ICE-CREAM TRUCK!!! #Hialeah <3
if you shot the gun your dog would probably be freaking.
Happy Mother's Day to Mama Roth, the greatest mom in the world!
Pretty good today. Just need some more sleep. ;oP
Hope to see you today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
FRIDAY - Over 20 defendants who have either been found guilty by jury or pled guilty will be sentenced today.
Today I happily stuck a toe back into running- & Fyi: Dr. Lewis at I did not fall...
aha xD yeah I sort of "borrowed" my sisters gift box..
Waited 40 minutes for the cicero bus. 45 minutes for the archer bus that I missed.. For waiting inside bk..
Margaritas with the tennis girls
no problem <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Taking a walk down Honeymoon Avenue.
PRETTY BOY SWAG!!! pull out that mirror
Full moon!
You could head up the new Beer Department.
God damn lakers
Dam Twitter got real today #angrybirds talkin shit about some stupid Shit
so.... Is it really really scary?!?
No Carolina... Sad face...
Jon Hamm. Stop it. I love you. Stop.
Can't wait some of the vendors brought their work in today AMAZING! Hope everyone can stop by for Food, Wine, and Shopping!
Walking down the streets of Hampden, and a smell of burgers wafts down.You follow it, and you see the Baltimore Burger Bar!
Following back:)
I give a damn about equality because it's 2011 and it's America and we're better than this.
yeah actually I am. #mylifesgreat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
just wanna cuddle and watch across the universe #toomuchwork :l
10 yrs ago today made smartest decision of my life & askd most important question ever...of Still can't believe she said YES!
Bitches, make me Laugh, crawl back under your rock please! :)
" it lead me to believe that I was meant to be a supporting character nothing more"
Open Mic Night @ Cabby's in Broward. Tonight! Tonight! Tonight! Come perform! Show love to your local artists! :)
RT : Groovy tool: just recommended for optimizing your social media engagement.
go look up harry styles and emma ostilly on google....
birthday is officially over & I'm officially 17 ;D
Sad news this week. First Junior Seau, now MCA of the Beastie Boys. Rest in Peace.
Omg is killing me right now with this bit.
Its has been a #crazy day...
well done!
came to conclusion last week after listening since you started on (since 95.5). P1 listener", now I skip 3p-6p
He who love touches walks not in darkness.Plato.
If only the Bucks had the 8th seed....
It's called "awesometastism" and it's not too serious.
Good morning!
I MISS YOU. IDK. COME BACK INTO MY LIFE.
We are happy to have a new twitter name ! Please pass this information along. We are thankful for all our customers.
"I get it, if I had just met me a day would not be enough" G. Lightfoot, 11/21/09
We hope you enjoyed your day at Disney! :)
Go Che go! It's your moment now! RT : About to have my own Dame Dash moment... Per this is my time...
Good thing my sister's boyfriend is here , he's taking us to school :)
This long line is heightening my anger
Funding for Kingsboro psychiatric will remain in budget. Assemblyman nick perry tells ny1 "the brackets have been removed."
Gifts from the Arkansas travelers: bag of mullein, handful of witch hazel seeds, muscadine wine, and photos of black bears 1 large, 1 small.
Now we've moved on to talking about the semi-pro baseball team gr'father played on in 1950.
this is gettin good. Commentator on Sampras after score: "The greatest running forehand in the history of the sport."
youre the man!
After everythinng thats going on , i still manage to put a smile on my face :)
CMS: One of the main obstacles the web site developers faced was the scope of the project.
#breakingbad that is all.
ALL TEENS! TOMORROW THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (HUGE GLOW STICK PARTY) DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!! $10 B4 8PM!
Yes. Michael, you are the president, Wolfie is vice and I will be the secretary.
Tic Toc, can't wait! RT : Hey new followers! Join us live tweeting tonight! See you guys in 1hr 30mins.
Good evening, Ms.Lawrence. Having a pleasant evening?
Ha! RT Mitt Romney's opinion of the Detroit Bailouts is "Evolving".
#BarbaraWalters says "You CAN'T TRUST The Kardashians" Wow Kim, you dun pissed everyone off!
Ask yourself this question...will it matter a year from now?
I need to dance 60 hours a week. I'm feelin it!
I haven't seen it yet. Is it really that bad?
I think I would be very happy if decided to flirt with some angry dubstep.
On the way to Power 92.3 w/ He's on the air at 7, tune in.
"Midnight in Paris" now stands at $56.5 US, $91.9 foreign, $148.4 global. After 40 weeks it's still playing on 16 screens as of 2/20. OSCAR!
Paul Loscocco is an opportunist supreme. He just chooses the wrong opportunities. What a boob. Baker can have him
Crazy night with @ justinjerzak, just got here... now we chillin =P
Thanks for sharing!
Please play "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! I reeeealy want to hear it on the air!!
2 pairs of wool socks and I still can't feel my toes...I f*cking hate winter
We also have Playd t-shirts on the way to some of our lucky users. Enjoy!
girl, Air Force chics have issues. For real!! I'm killing her with kindness though.
flew by dude. Too fast! Ugh.
Your man is having himself a game tonight vs Portland!
Nintendo Duck Hunt T-Shirt
lmfao were so god(;
now you need to do one of those "and this is me next to myself @ 149GB heavier" shots.
What's up #TeamFollowBack ?!?! Looking for more followers!
The Forsyte Saga was pretty good!
When you own a print shop, even shopping at the auto parts store is dangerous.
done following :) follow me :)
Difference between preservation archive vs archives for access Big Heads
Ended up at the open data session #cbmore. "funky data's better than no data."
Plans are nothing; planning is everything. – Dwight D. Eisenhower
A huge honor! Can't wait to visit your school& thank you in person!
I like my relatively calm gmail inbox too much to forward all the useless e-mails my Yahoo account gets to it, haha
Thanks 4 the follow!
LMAO. RT : Reggie Miller just used "size does matter" and "clog the middle" back to back.
Breakfast served all day everyday!!
Someone to hold me too tight, Someone to hurt me too deep, Someone to sit in my chair and ruin my sleep and make me aware of BEING ALIVE!
The veggie burger I'm craving right now is the slightly messy, but oh-so-tasty, quinoa burger at Black Squirrel
The moment u fall in love
Back in Cleveland...
yeah but I get those looks. You know the ones.
Thanks for your kind words!
Library re-opens Monday, May 7 at 7:30 a.m. I believe the courtyard is open this week, but w/ limited hours & services.
I don't understand you..
okie :c night
#ifihad1wish I would wish that everyone in Carmel would come to EWC for our Under The Mistletoe promo! There are only 5 days left!
Dark Shadows is a very creepy movie.
#ideas2action mobile Georgetown goes live. Now to "make it awesome".
oh okay.
Sia " Clap Your Hands"...obsessed
Trying to be a better person is the grossest thing I've ever experienced and I have a vagina!
How do I add Ow.ly Pro to my plan? Your help forum is useless & you have no link in the "vanity url" pref. section
Big stuff from us coming up next week for the Aldo VS Mendes fight next Saturday!
Kentucky is losing five starters to the NBA and we #BBN is all excited for the team we have for the New season this can only happen at UK
All ladies are free before 11pm! 2nite #ClubDowntown $2 for any beer $4 Any mixed Drink or Shot--> And it's not well drinks! #TopShelf--> $4
Backk Home. Phew! *wipes forehead dramaticaly*
Lmaoo ima need all that Memphis Style BBQ shipped to me
Good night..
Thanks Ben! Glad you like what you here!
AwesomeRT if you haven't eaten, you gotta get the grilled vegetables/ricotta/crusty bread. It is SO good.
but i know that when I leave here, my Rice degree is worth a lot more than one from Alabama, or LSU. So why does it matter?
It takes courage to grow up and turn out to be who you really are.
I keep thinking about this over and over again. I should of gone for you when I had the chance. But no
Huh? This sounds like bad advice. Please explain for those not there. RT : Fail fast. Fail forward. Fail better.
Idk Youre my friend and you act like you love me like one but you called me judgmental&a hypocrite. I tried changin but idk if that's enough
A big yellow crayon drawing of a sun. That's it. It snowed outside and I'm in here with a death grip on a yellow crayon.
Why would Rick Pitino call a time out right there? Pitt was lost the last two possessions. #not smart
Actually Productive. Actually Recorded Material. Actually Stoked.
Listening to Glory Days by Brice Springsteen
damn thats still a long time to go
I've had similar dreams about swims, runs and some muffins. :)
Success is not about talent and diligence. It is about fortune and carelessness.
It's Second Saturday and that means Art Walk. Lots of great openings and ongoing exhibits tonight. Are you coming?
are absolutely AMAZING live!!!! Ah fuckin' love 'em!!! <U+2665>
It's cool seeing companies spring up to provide the platform for doing what Mobspot has been doing behind the scenes for years!
Happy Easter to all of the Twitter heads out there...
That was like the laziest bike ride of my life. Oh well, got in a good 10 miles
Hey, you you what? This OWS stuff turns out to be nonsense.
Of course I'm a rapist, I'm Satan mixed with a lil dre
thanks for the post!
And they need to quit cutting PE and recess fr the school day!
Except me right?
Good Evening Everyone* OK,long day at work and sending video emails. Happy to be checking out twitter tweets! Enjoy an Awesome Evening&Week!
I'm writing a book hopefully it will be published by Oct.
happy night
Hi there RVRedVatican
Are your fav “healthy” foods hiding icky ingredients? Get the scoop at our #GroceryStoreTour on 3/20! Call 619-501-5664 to sign up!
I wish I could dance with you <3
Every burden is a blessing. -Robert Schuller
Was lovely to catch up - we need to have a proper chat sess offline!
Hey #Chicago if you want food & drink deals and/or coupns for the loop, southloop and mag mile text FOOD to 3126983336
Community Service Day!!!
Hot as shit
also check out www.beamitmobile.com/techstars
making you smile was the best thing I've done all day! missing you like crazy....
We hope you enjoy your visit!
I love your subject matter!
Stimulate yo mind Craig.
Dig-It Underground Announces Artist Stephen Fishwick&#39;s Disney Artwork Now Available
I don't know what i expected... but I didn't expect that..
RT : Finally, the man is arrested & on Spelman's founding date. Black mothers, sisters & daughters' prayers are answered.
I got a crush on you<3
Were you at Forte this weekend?
If you have a problem with me, write it neatly on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope and shove it up ur ass.
haha, i just haven't been on lately. been doing a lot of running around, trying to get my car fixed. miss y'all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love you too beautiful!
Thanks for the compliment and sharing my story!
I want to see #oomf right now! >:|
Pride comes before the fall
we have May 1 in the US x_x
just played mario kart with my friend. i won
or you could get clubbed over the wad an you could get dragged backstage
When you can see a girls panty line through her pants
“: How in 2012 can I hear Tone Loc twice in one day? #theapocalypse” Lenny's iTunes list of favorites?
Netflix and Chinese kind of night
I see both sides. 3 minutes late doesn't seem like a big deal, but it can get disruptive.I am glad the kids weren't punished.
*Sigh* RT : No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.
"I want some meat on my face" says
Im not the only one.
when people call me by my real name
Rocking my graphic cut-off t to the club tonight. The only way to bag a classy lady is to give her two tickets to the gun show
Fuck you All!
Krystals and Sweet Baby Rays : )
Followed! Whats up
i been on here!
Gather your pennies folks! Starting Friday,Facebook will be selling stock from about $38 a share! You too can own a piece of our privacy! :)
I'm so glad I'm not the only one. I find Google+ confusing and annoying, I can't see any point to it.
Normal Girls: "I need money to buy more make-up." Me: "I need money to buy concert tickets to see my boyfriend."
#WhyDoPeople gotta lie, cheat, & steal ?
Lol period i'll B threw
possible bright side: Better than not brushing teeth?
My mother is sucking noisily on a lollipop and my sister won't let me turn on music
if i quarter for every time beal says "I cant wait to tell that story to our grand kids"...
Thank you for supporting
is spending the afternoon in Fishers, Indiana kicking off our latest project.
if you dont like what i tweet why are you following me then ?
I wake up in the morning where the cash at
Don't worry. The risk is all in your genes. Enjoy!
Oh nice! I know that school. Well once u set up ur profile, let us know what u think, or if u have any questions! Here to help!
Who saw Justin beiber drop his freaking stick at the vma's? Freaking hilarious!! Lol he froze too..lol
LET'S FUCKING GO ZACK RYDER!
: Ooh! Looking forward to the review!
Pandora Radio <3
Right now go outside and look up! The Super Moon has hit her peak! 14% bigger & 30% brighter than any other time in the whole year! Wow!
My Mommys Making Tacos For Me , #WINNING (:
How does Pau respond to these couple of days of criticism? 23-17-6-4. Pretty great game.
Hiring two blogger: 1.) Experienced in Donations/Fundraising 2.) Exp. in Event Planning/Ticketing. Email
Don't you let the #giants score there and save your 2 timeouts? Thought you could stop them 4 times from inside the 3 yard line? #c'monman!
follow back miss
What Are The lyr1cs From? ANswer The Next 5 Lyr1cs 1 Tweet Correctly And 1ll Ment1on u To Someone Famous Of your Cho1ce =3
Help Seattle start-up by tweeting! check us out: ply.mk Our press release is up too. Regardless, huge fan! love saturday show
is a fun ruiner. Not a #laharbprob anymore
Headed to the MTV offices for a special black history month performance today...
I like proper scottish girls who are fat with big tits and swine pig noses. Have you guys seen those??
#whosgonnalose - Cincinnati at San Diego - Cincinnati will lose
Thanks for the #ff!!
Only a few more days left in Lubbock; I can feel the Lord preparing my heart to go home
John Shelton Ivany of Top 21 says "Jim Allchin's 'Overclocked' is a masterpiece. One of the best albums of the year." Wow
Because, at the end of the day, I just assume that some system will be devised to keep the 2011 TCUs of the world out
I hope your day is filled with sleep...ice cream & more sleep!...I'll whisper..as not to wake you...happy birthday!
Rick santorum said America was a great country before 1965
no i said i have it with a water pipe but i looked at my viewers list and saw nobody
Bynum has been clutch for the Lakers this season & he's been key tonight.
This is a really interesting article. Thanks for sharing.
What made all of these people just randomly start liking kid cudi? And most of the people who say they "love" him have like 5 of his songs?
haha, GD or some of Zorn's mellower soundtrack music is great for Sun mornings. Too much to choose from...
I'm ready for #believe. I know its gonna be incredible.
Paganism is wholesome because it faces the facts of life. Aleister Crowley
Saw a girl fall flat on her face earlier while walking down the sidewalk.. And I'm still laughing about it.
Who? Moi? *blink, blink*
My hair is soft. <U+263A>
what grade are you in?
I freaking love you, mayne.(:
A great discussion about tech education went down during 's session. He's really developing some awesome ideas.
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire. We don't need no water let the...oh, wait nevermind, put it out.
I have never lost complete respect for anybody in a day,but congrats #joepa #pennst,y'all are the 1st. Penn St deserves the death penalty!
Titanic II: Retro Genius, or Just Another Bad Remake? - TIME
what if it rapped?
too bad ur all the way in LA
Playing at the elbo room tonight with the Winchester! 10pm. $8
Pastry run with at Some Crust in Claremont-- we also got a baguette from Hoa Binh in Pomona. Can't stay away from my mega-carbs!
nah I got a new number
Drink some COFFEE! It will get you through your workout! :)
LED or LCD?
got two words for ya jimmy. Weed!
oh no! Uu ok now girl?
Cricket fighting is a popular amusement in China. Many Chinese children keep crickets as pets.
Stay up to date with current events in #Africa through We are always looking for interesting articles & info to retweet!
Where did the chubby kids hair go??
Yah, I'm known for jumping early.
While it's clearly a ridiculous idea, the part of me that likes unneeded #Brewers drama wants to see Craig Counsell come out of retirement.
RT : The earthquake and having a dog really changed how I interact with my neighbors. Feels a lot more like a community.
They throw on a rap record, then they sit and they vibe...
Ah, how tantalizing is the vice & sin filled life of the professional performer. Often more sizzle then the roles they play. :-)
is it gross that im deep frying ham n cheese hot pockets?
Over a year, but I still miss you just as much, I miss my best friend & I wish you were here, we were gonna conquer the world together </3
About to watch Epic Movie !
Of Course!
On to the next one hard to move on when you always regret one <\3
Score predictions?
haha what up dude. that was so funny
Shut it down Adam Levine. You're so sexy.
Thanks Needed a new "read" and that looks interesting
stop it. I'm hungry....and thirsty, now, too.
is that why u wanted the saucer sled ?
Thanks to you I now have a serious pistachio addiction, thanks nig holla!
I knew I ran into Patrick Kane AGAIN this year at Mifflin. Too bad I don't care that much.
If Lamb, Teague, and even TJ return to get their draft stock up, they can make more in 3 years than they would make in 4 if they leave now.
i am on my way to it only a 12hr drive
there-we are back on lol
RT : mr cal flipped THE shit on me today for not having a calculator becuase he hates me
and then me my friend (the other leader) and a couple of the girls in my small group defended him! Haha it was fun! :)
You wouldn't come anyway!
Badgers impress fans | But not the AP voters | Flying sub-radar | http:BadgerHaiku.com
Texting buddy?
the Rise As One stuff on Nike BB is my squad. Been a great run, very intense but very fun!
any drupal developers near Allentown PA -- I have a client looking!
"dream sequence"
One piece of that I know I will really connect with is the Israel prostitute discussion
. Duh, we WANT the turtles to hatch, doesn't mean we have to apply that to everything.
Wondering if FL is jealous that the upper east coast stole away Irene's attention.
ankle jewelry? “: On another note, this bitch at the airport has on a stone wash Jean skirt with a slit up the back #ohnoshedidnt”
Excellent here; how are you?
Watching Pokemon Mew vs Mewtoo c:
Current Status: Replacing 15 years of relational database experience with MapReduce
That's another surefire way of handling it.
Thanks for coming, so glad you and Chessie Clark had fun...and beat your time...good job!
Iphone 4 to verizon!!!
Choose a profitable target market(s) #coaches-can industry specific or functional.
We out here at Edison's bar and grill in #orangeburg this joint jumping. Lyrical Geni mixtape release party
Hooray! RT : I am very proud and excited to announce that in exactly one week, I will start my new job with !
If it aint it ain't
Forgot to tell you, I got a Big Polo bag Im selling...It would be a good Baby Bag, its fresh AF but jus 2 big for me....lmk
“: Truly depressing: Scrolling down to find my year of my birth.”
hey girl, have you talked to kristen? can you message me, i wrote you on fb.
Brb. Planting my dreams.
I don't get why the Flyers' Bryzgalov makes $10 million a year.
What?! Where is Stabler on SVU?
Dinner with my man, , and !
That's a very sweet picture. (sweet/awesome and sweet/sweet :)
#DavidStern is a liar and a complete jackass.
I might be in love
Hillary Duff is not believable as a "rebellious suicidal teen."
OMG!!! followed me!!! That just MADE. MY. DAY!(:
When I do that for my name, I get the hockey player.
thanks for the mention. could not have started Sportaneous without the help of the Lang center!
Sometimes I want to say what I REALLY feel but thats not my character. I just let you make yourself look like a fool on your own.
I would too; but only with bluegrass as soundtrack....
Convent Of The Scred Heart, Tisch School Of The Arts.
RT : I had such a great day at open house! I can't wait to be a part of this school this coming fall!
"It must be nice to think you always know better. That you're the smartest person in the room." "No, it's awful." H. Hunter, Broadcast News
She needs to cook for me soon! Tell her I'm asking lol
I miss my babe so fucking much :(
Josh Smith was, uh, candid -- check out colleague
This weekend, need to start a series on weight loss for my blog, as well as some goodness for the
Wow #BB13 is a roller coaster!
What was the best pick of Day 2 of the NFL Draft?
I'm not at all a fashion person, but only blog I've been keeping up with on movie-watching hiatus is ARAKS.
Vernon Davis, fellow curler, for the TD!
Old men looking at my ass so fuckin NASTY
must be high
Okay okay done for tonight with gossip girl... Full nap time... Or maybe just sleep till when ever. Tomorrow 2 hour season finale of Glee!!!
#MommyPorn, "50 SHADES OF GRAY- guy ties up girl/BDSM ensues. huh? I tied my wife up once, then went to the next room & watched golf.
Explanation: End of the semester group projects. Sadly, some students are definitely lemons!
This is my life. S.E.T... Sleeping Eating and Tanningg (:
Happy Valentine's Day!!!
She is lying!!!
After a week and a half at the Mac hospital, my computer gas officially been declared dead. Damn. I wasn't prepared for this.
Reading off the results of the frivolous ballot reviews @ the Hennepin County Government Center...
Looking forward to having 500 followers asap, please RT. Thanks for the great support!
...saying Kidd-Gilchrist changes his name for his mother, that the guy "walked way from" TJones instead of over him, etc, etc
Well we have arrived in Boston! Let the drinking begin... Can't wait to see all of you 2morow. Special thanks to the NYC crew for good times
That is just silly. Clearly it will be K-Rod for Belt.
Hey #WLSRadio - Please move Dick Biondi back to 7 PM. Listeners in NYC love to listen to him, but we have to sleep
Made It Here
give Nick a shout at and we'll work it out!
Nothing like a NH traffic jam: at least 15 cars rolling at 15 mph behind a tractor!
Green Bay Packers: Another Promotion Coming for Eliot Wolf
unfortunately hugs don't fit in holes.
They wouldn't be 'instructing' RT : Q2) What if the "Learning" department only focused on learning?
I love my puppy but I swear I'm going to punch it in the face.
I've taken comm. class and practiced w/ copy but its difficult to find auditions, what is the next step? Paid auditions?
Taking Briggs to the vet for surgery :(
How excited are we that the Brewers won?! Oh very.
Couldn't sleep last night, 1.5 hrs to go for my pitch to the DOD. Pitch my products many times before so I should be ok.
It's a beautiful day, not a cloud in sight, so I guess I'm doing alright
PLN...Please send good luck tweets for STAAR tests. We are showing our students all of your good luck tweets.
The more you are willing to feel in the moment, the more you will be able to move and flow with life.
.: "free speech balancing" test in TM --(note separate from TM "nominative fair use")
HI John! How'd you find out about our movement? We're excited to get a follower from Baltimore!
never threw an ax, good weather here doing some bonus fly fishin
You'll be back. You know it.
Tommy just made me a vanilla latte with a fire breathing dragon in the foam. #perks of owning a coffee shop #latte art
What do you like in your tacos? Smoked Pulled Chicken? Kobe Beef? Grilled Tuna? IT'S TACO TUESDAY, try our tacos for half price today!
Looking to connect with #DECA students and advisors. Will you be attending ICDC in Salt Lake City?
According to some article I just read, the Bible claims that gay pride is pretty much the same thing as murder. Psh, whatever dude.
Loving on CBS #SundayMorning. Great interview!
Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. – Edward Stanley
Yes. RT AP BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukee mayor wins Democratic primary to face Wis. Gov. Scott Walker in recall election
Kind of shocked that the #CentralTXWildfires are on the front pages of CNN and the BBC's sites and not even MENTIONED in the
so, it's really an issue with (or about) effectiveness, then, isn't it? rather than difference of theft v piracy.
My life is SUCH a roller coaster right now. And I can't tell if that's a good thing or a bad thing..
call me
nice to hear about disabled folks getting out there leading normal...wait, what the what?!!
Thanx for the RT Love! Awesome event! Tried out the Moisture Butter Whipped Curl Crème - the smell is HEAVEN
How old are you ana Hello You're a cool girl or bad hhaha
I can barely stay awake right now
Ugh, you have to be 18 to work at Bath & Body Works. :((
Shout out to my boys for lookin out for me
Yes, we're open tomorrow from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. The Wizard of Oz exhibit will be here through May 13!
Poker tonight?
And that's all they played!! Thanks so much for either coming out or watching the stream! Replays will be abound eventually. Night!!!
Ok dc can y'all win so I can go to bed
Gotta love skyping with friend you haven't talked to in forever! #LifeIsGood!
You're color deaf.
Just finished eating & watching the New #Battleground episode on Hulu, definitely the best episode so far
Got to see my crush tonight.
thanks for the offer. I'll check out your site and maybe we can work on something together.
My wife wants to know whaz up with the long pants? 2 days in a row?
If you don't need love, you can find it everywhere.
will do! “: Coming to FL 2-3 times a year, Heather was our waitress this week twice, best waitress I ever, say hello 2 her”
We're opposites. I was more of a miler. Was always impressed with people who could dial into a pace and hold it for miles.
Well I guess a reschedule is in order can't find the stuff I need
I would happily be the recipient of your "problem".
Hey Man Support Our Clothing Line. Watch Us Grow.
Remember the age of James Dean - one of America's first bad boys. #RetroOnThePatio Reminisce the 50s with us tonight!
Tomorrow's game just took on a whole new meaning: Win & we could be in the playoffs. WE NEED YOU HERE! Support #CLE!!!
Thanks for the retweet Katherine !
RIP TO CHUCK BROWN ....GODFATHER OF GOGO
Random Thoughts: So the President makes his picks for the NCAA Basketball Tournament. Nice to see our PORTUS involved in sports.
This bitch forever judging me -_-; what makes u so much better is my question?
Dog-in-training is reliant upon clear/rapid notification of approval. Immediate #clicker praise/timing is essential to reinforcing behavior
thanks..the baby u thought was yours is 18..lol.how old are is your son
Is summer finally here in SF ? We sure think so ! Come over today's special - The Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich !
Happy Thanksgiving !!
Thanks for following.
my guy chillin .. Out here working, what about you?
I took off my shoes then unleashed the girls. Sorry, #librotraficantes, once the girls are set free, I'm not leaving this room.
Hi all! Yes Lee carries our tile line and her showroom is amazing!
it's not that it's too soon; it's that it's not funny at all.
Beer that tastes like bourbon. Life can't get better than that, can it?
Please take your time for some golden opportunities at my profile.
Two weekends in a row with the apartment to myself? This may be the weekend I snap and start having full conversations with myself.
NOBODY CARES!
You Looked good To Me ! I Was All F'D Up Ha
i do but I am not at home.. feel free to shoot me a DM though if you want to give me the run down of what you are lookin for
It's awesome watching college and NFL games where players that came from Cincy are doing work
How can you not like cheese?
First Friday downtown and I'm on call...must. be. well. behaved.
We are a Lincoln Park Landmark with newly renovated rooms. Check us out online and make us your Landmark Home today!!
Nap time z
Relax, listen, and react. If you do these 3 things in an audition…chances are you’re alive.
Seven free screenings and now free food at Arclight??? Love you! Double feature night of Lucky One and Bully. I like diversity. :)
Fuck thinking. I'm going for a run.
really? haha. I'm so excited.
<U+96EA><U+82B1> =>xuehua=> snowflake (lit. snow-flower)
im still jenny from the block
and I will miss doing twisted trivia for you!!
LOL. I feel bad for the Mavericks. Champions last year, burn outs in the beginning of the next. That sucks, bruhs.
GO follow please if you a Belieber ik you WILL follow her
I'm so glad we had this time toggeettther. (Add Carol Burnett earlobe tug)
Yo today is a good day! :)
Was this all just a fucking joke to you??
Tebow to the jets = 2 easy wins for the bills. Super Mario has another target now
Morrissey: Make yourself more interesting than dirt to your dog - Summit Daily News
Thanks for the follow and for caring SO much about our vulnerable kids! #CASAofDC!
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither - C S Lewis
Caught SILENCE! this weekend, hilarious musical parody of Silence of the Lambs at 9th Space Theatre at PS122 in East Village - recommended
« i followed back»
wassup wit it mane you in the M?
go giants!
Change your attitude, Exercise is not a boring chore but a gift of life to your body for better health, longevity and vigor.Find what works!
Man mumbles to himself on the L train. Only word I could decipher was "MySpace"
taint is free with the purchase of (1) butthole.
Trying to be productive but I'm stuck in a daze...
aw dude i didnt get tickets
Wow carter 4 is sick
Absolutely heartbreaking that's how it's probably going to end for the Original Sandman
For sure will send the link out too :) Also have a #DairyQueen National that should be starting to air in end May/June :)
im so sorry! Lol
Lol havent been on here in a while..Whats up?
Just wanted to let you know that my MINI CD is available on CD BABY
“This was not going to be my business, it was just something we did,” stated Scott
Sweet you're the best! Oh hey remember when I was boss at driving zachs car stick shift yesterday? I do.......
I <3 your vitriol. As a black man in the entrepreneurial space I want greater diversity in the VC space.
There are some people in life that make you laugh a little louder, smile a little bigger, and just live a little better.””
Finally sitting on the plane to leave Miami, and get back home to Detroit!
Eckhardt also suggests that #Apple should reach to hire low-income folks in exchange for proposed incentives
I think I'll do that, thanks!
#santacon is coming next Saturday 12/10...so excited to bring back taco Santa
Ditto! In for the long haul. RT : #MCDM literally changed my life. I will never be able to completely check out.
I swear tweets the truth.
we got em right where we want em.
I hope the wk. is off to a great start!!
On set. Word.
Maybe we'll play Illuminati (conspiracy card game). I won last two games, so everyone will be gunning for me. :P
Plz follow us, we'll follow back!:)
Tony Dungy or John Gruden would work for me!!
Happy Valentine's Day or....to others who know it as Single Awareness Day. Ah, yes let's not forget
yeah! i really hope i win the contest. thats so awesome!
That IS super MT Batman's greatest superpower - being a depressed dude who somehow stayed motivated & effective.
Sounds wonderful! RT "When you're feeling overwhelmed. take big deep belly breaths &allow yourself to relax :)"
Used 2006 Volkswagen Jetta TDI Special Edition for sale in Salem ...
Actually having to repeat after lathering and rinsing<<<<<<
Welcome to our fellow #Colorado followers!
May the road rise up to meet you...May the wind always be at your back...And until we meet again...May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
Thousand dollar deal closed!
Good bread, like good wine and good coffee, is all around us now in Washington and the suburbs..- Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
congrats. We had five AP awards as well.
just customized my twitter with a warm design
Will be great to see San Antonio, Austin and Dallas getting national exposure too!
Dane cook sucks
i hate it when I'm eating cereal and the last three pieces are like; "HAHA! catch me if you can!" -_-
that sounds awesome!
niall and you are so cute togetherr! fuck the haters, theyre just jealous! :)
u mean in REAL life; or in movies?
Meatloaf plays the tour bus driver in Spice World.
2 maybe 3 beyond DwD?? that's a lot. i kind of like the idea of this story being with me into my own middle age, though.
I'm moving bruuuuuh (;
How 'bout, uh, mailing me some? Thanks for the tip. I'll have to visit the PO.
Just got owned by a package receipt on my doorstep. Called the number and got a sales pitch... Reverse telemarketing, Brilliant!
Lol. :) i love gabe yall he so cute when he is jealous
Happy new year from the west coast!
Runyan canyon...steep side all the way
It must be true what people say, that only time can heal the pain.
Thanks for the FF gentlemen! Have a great week.
Amazon does have Amazon Moms for cheap diapers, etc.
Great win for the Hoosiers!!!
Watching The Help again...for class. Paper writing time!
RT : nah they can get something better. But they definitely need to get rid of Amar'e. Waste of space.
thanks for the webinar tweets!
Thank you for the follow Rachel!!
ya right!!! Lol
they are ugly . and ewwww ! thats why you wear so much perfume .
Yes I'm excited, I've enjoyed 'mild winter,' but I'm ready to get people excited to enjoy the snow our state has to offer!
The amount of ice sonic puts in their drinks should be illegal
Metro will vote on approval of Westside Subway up to La Cienega. Rest of project will wait until after hearing requested by Bev. Hills.
Now that it's over, AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAH FUCK YOU HOUSTON HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
morning myss and friends
congrats!!! That's an awesome medal :)
Agreed! : Great company at dinner tonight
Hey biz owners- Give us a call if you would like us to promote the heck out of your biz over Summerfest!!! We get around. A lot. :)
Good idea thanks!
RT The next person who mentions Kristen Bell and sloths gets smacked.
oh okay then it should be even easier I'm about to start spamming lol
Working out lol
This gay boy said he got hard off my boobs which were no where near showing O.o He's funny though c:
Tell me I'm funny so I know it's real (:
thanks our tech team is taking a look
right before the count down... on saturday. =P
hahahahahaha appreciate the love!!!
Purple, Lavender & white? Oh thats purrrty!
With my Aunt (:
GoodNight Family. Much love for all of you. Your presence, your future, your dreams and more.
Randy Jackson, your mother's sister is very ill I know her
Just want to express my disgust at the cowards in New York. Despicable, arrogant, shameful displays by
i thought so i had to make a quick change of plans anyway so u gud
welcome to the twitterverse :)
Run, Forrest, Run!
yeah, it should have more.
haha! I'll check out both sites. Thanks for embarrassing me enough to shave and inspiring me to have smooth shiny legs :)
15,000 gallons of beer are consumed during the Indianapolis 500. I wonder how much will consumed this week with the superbowl in Indy?
go eat a dick. bye.
I wish you ever success.with your designer clothes.
Don't blame others for your own stupidity.
Elizabeth McLaughlin. But she did a horrible job, in my opinion.
Allegedly 40 percent of current iPad owners will buy new iPad. Will same percent buy iPad Mini if/when it comes out? Sure, why not?
I feel bad for being on twitter in church but I'd definitely fall asleep otherwise
Know anyone that does website design? Let us know!
Thanks for the fun, Stillwater! If your in OKC you had better be at , and or you're missing out.
actually it doesn't seem to be going awkward at all.
Up and at em early somebody got to make a dollar out of fifteen cents or an honest living!!
RT : Maybe the secret of Romney's tax returns is that he doesn't tithe.
Join my linkedin Mercedes Benz Group of Baltimore Washignton.
This ain't a fuckin sing along
Could srsly RT all day all night
Great news that is launching nat'l plan to fight #Alzheimer's. Plan helps put us one step closer to a cure.
i am following u
YES! you are correct but I get the CIT's this summer so I'm happy =)
Any chance that you are streaming Nigel Thrift tomorrow?
Congrats, Hakim! Well deserved!
just got done with it, just let me know what time or hit me up in the am 414-581-1818
where are you now Coach?
Welcome back Ashley!! So glad Lady Phoenix has been born! Looking forward to the new album :)
Back atcha. See you tomorrow!
Play all your songs backwards! Wait, I think I misunderstood the question... ;P
Look out world just swam a 21.98 lcm 50 free. Broke Brett Hawke's textile record.
Does a group have to fail to succeed? Asked by our #TCUimpact co-lead Will
look into residence course in Oak Park on Feb 3-5: Life changing. Another technique. Call 773 324 8695
thanks RobBert! :-) Cool to see you here too! :-)
And if you or your clients like last minute remnant deals there are always a few hot deals available. Send us a note today!!
Thanks for another great recommendation! We'll check it out : )
I can't fucking wait for carb day
so a pirate walks into a bar...
Wow....what a day yesterday... and team...amazing dinner in HW Hills...its time..
MCC students aren’t just walking the walk: They’re dancing the dance when it comes to embracing diversity
Jump off a mountain, cunt.
Oh, thanks. I try to be evenhanded, especially on a Sunday morning. ;)
Fabulous! Breakfast at Uncle Mike's, lunch at Capt. Mike's, coffee at Common Grounds (best coffee ever!!) & shopping!
Haha Im barbecuing right now. Are you planning on coming over and I didnt know it? ;)
do you need a DJ in NY?
but still, the drift carries his stank... i smell it -..-
Still Building!
I can hold my pee for hours but as soon as I get even remotely close to my front door my bladder decides it wants to explode
911....hold.....hold yes i would like to report a FB homicide yes a FB homicide...hello hello damn they hung up lmbao hampton road redskins
It's Monday and I'm getting pumped about web copy. Oh, what a restful weekend can do...
For the latest updates on you can follow her at www.facebook.com/celestekellogg
Looking for some chill hangs, maybe grab a drink. Taking offers.
I have a tip that can take five strokes off anyone's golf game: it's called an eraser---Arnold Palmer
I'll be home this weekend!!!
Yes, that's sad because ATL is not that big but it seems like it. lol
TY for your comment! Let's try and find each other afterwards !
Zeppelin just came up on my playlist. Everything is going to be alright now
I wish we could trade our local reporters. has to go.
thanks for the shout-out!
Vitamin Company Selects Savannah Georgia to be the Test-Market for Its New Anti-Aging Formula
ugh i know right! exceot the lighting is scaring mehhh:( btw, you never skyped me!!!!
sure can't! we need more beer dudes in funny hats content! that's what vixens want!
going to bed nowww. #justkidding I'll probably just lay in bed and text.
I really do want to swim. Man.
Got a new blackberry, let the tweets commence!!!
the shirt looks blue to me...LOL this about the time and met up.
we should be able to see old hastags tweets!
Everyone looks the same so far. I'm disappointed.
In the middle of verizon voice prompt hell. Bill was wrong for third month in a row. They need to start paying me for fixing their issues.
In Albuquerque Making Handmade Soap and Soy Candles
just got back from having absolutely no internet or phone service for ten days. i dont know how im still living O.o lol -tia
: i wonder which of the "5" wines the stanford study group would have chosen if they had to paid for it?
Did another awesome-possum massage today on a former co-worker. Enjoyed the work so much, I almost felt bad taking his money.
New Icon, I reaally love this picture of Austin.
I gotta get my money right lol
#FF for kindly spotlighting "Tarkio Balloon" on their terrific website.
Follow me !(;
...to quickly hone in on passages that many students thought were crucial, e.g.
Hey we have to keep little Briar happy so she'll stay inside for a while longer!
Even though I regret going to #888Turk, not ALL of you needed to be in Oakland. Ridiculous.
...doesn't make it defensible and clearly he wasn't the right choice to upgrade.
RT “: Lord, forgive us when we get consumed by the things of this world that fight for our love & our passion.” <U+2764>
#WhatMenShouldKnow women can lie about cheating better than men can. Partially because they're soulless heartless creatures.
Who's with me?
Going to spend some time with #LuckyChuck up on the Petenwell this weekend. Looking for the 30+ walleye
t minus 8 minutes until my two days off begin
how was it? was it the best night of your life?
hm,might invest were it said one would get to ride on that roof, smelling flowers, playing crocket..
“: If ur going 2 b an ass, make sure u have all 4 legs 2 stand on, bcuz ur goin 2 need 4 when I knock ur ass out!!! SMACK!!!”
SILVER SPARROW by #TayariJones, Now in Paperback! Yeah!!! Great read. Get it.
thanks for the insight! Not bad for a Pitt fan! Go #WVU LOL!
4square tells me this is 4 straight weeks of airports. And there are still 2 flights to go after this one this week!
I'm down with that sucka
Want two free tickets to Sublime with Rome? Tell us when ordering either in store or for delivery to be entered into a drawing every friday!
I cant walk anymore I fractured my foot I might surgery next week
At a grant writing workshop! Gettin da money!
Work teach gym let's go
I've already got a game-buying hangover from the Summer Sale and we're only halfway though!
MEDIA Flights for the 2011 Armed Forces Week are now available! Contact Phil Vollrath at by Tuesday if interested!
#FF to -- A harm reduction CHAMP!
Start the application process... RT What happens when a friends with benefits partner starts to really suck in bed?
Thank you so much! Merry Christmas
so... idek what to ask :P
Thank you... how you been?
It would be interesting to see what the company could do to support you leading some kind of community action.
Hey, we're all getting older. Mayoclinic.com has a great check-list for baby boomers: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Oh, how I miss hearing what I call "Sconnie" speak. Capturing it in writing is admirable, to say the least.
thank you so much for you follow:) it really means a lot;)
Yeah! Caps take the lead!!!
Amelia's baby! My heart...
hilary duff had her baby Tuesday! she was such a cute pregnant woman
Oh! (haha!) Yah I just remember! So sorry... :P Thank you as well and take care always! ^_^
Game Winner Kobe Bryant!!!
tweet me!!
I love kirstyn
If you’re planning to let me go today, make sure you’ll never come back tomorrow.
It's not just about how much money you make...you gotta enjoy what you're doing even if it's not as much as another job has for you
I don't like the way Erin sounds
how u.. U havin a good mornin
& we appreciate the follow! we're gonna have to set a funday! thank you
Only if Aidan is there.
James Thurber~ There are two kinds of light -- the glow that illumines and the glare that obscures.
Pomegranate Plunge, Tropical Smoothie....about to be a good morning
Merry Christmas Matt! I've taken to heart all of your messages since I came to Austin Stone 2 years ago.
lol oh.. you know i dont get this twitter thing, hahahaa.
Waffles and butter with syrup :p amazing
where the hell is my pottermore welcome letter. my sister got hers. i registered before her. what is this fuckery.
the big three of the twitterverse - LOL
wasn't It approximately 130 days between 70 degree days form last fall? I can't remember. Just curious.
#bootcamp6 just broke Twitter (at least for this building). Yes!
How do u approach someone who perceives u as the enemy??
What button have you remapped that you think people would benefit from knowing?
taz's glove?
Luciela Taschen - a new leather bag brand with a brand-new showroom - Radio Prague
Anyone know what's up with Danny Duffy? (I'm looking for facts, not looking for cynical nonsense posts)
Steve Ballmer just walked in...
That is great! I guess I better sign up soon then :) RT: right now head count roughly 50
at we can't let adults with low expectations hold back the education of kids who need help the most
im crying like crazy cuz btr won. amen
so correct. this is my favorite Tumbler to date, i dont know how you'll beat it
congrats on drafting the t rex
Thanks! We've been moving stuff around a bit in the spirit of spring, redecorating and stuff....you know :)
#FF Value personified
Do you ever experience your screen saver turning on at random times *after* you installed Air Display on your mac?
appreciates the new moon energy...
could you do promos for one of my bands i manage this saturday?
cute without the e
I always wait and wait and wait until the last minute to get ready for school
im gettin cake like evryday my birthday ..
so full of delicious indian food. don't wanna move. but the night is young! but i don't wanna move... ha.
Gonna go get ready for tonight (:
Wow. The Emmys are really funny this year. Totally shocked.
+1 to renaming to animated gif maker. Go big or go home, right? The S3 bill will be cheaper than marketing!
If I can't get this past my wife, I'll be joining the goth crowd whether I want to or not.
Westbrook looks like a legit clown
try now :)
So the navy is the next choice on my list....
It's always great to connect with a fellow Packers fan!
lovin' this California sun! sorry everyone who's experiencing horrible weather everywhere else. don't mean to rub it in, but it's 65 ;-)
hey what's up???
Post all of your week 7 fantasy fails here!!!!!
To save $800 or more on our Monster Karts for a limited time, use promo code SHAMROCK (sale ends on Mar. 17)
Bills of mortality were first evidence of metadata.
"What's these things hanging from your cats butt" "His balls kaela." She's stupid, I swear.
I think were moving at a good pace
Dear God the O's are unbelievable
you should if you're going to call or text me.
Aroma nights | Don't miss DJ Oso Fresh spinning old school & 90's hip hop tracks | 9PM I
Deadline done. Debbie done. Mind/body connects. I can be tired today without consequence. Yes, will go to work for a few hours. Later!
Good morning, all! I hope it's a great day you're making.
How can i get all these porn people from tryin to follow me.
Back in rehearsals for "they are threaded glass" with adrienne and rachel
Chicago! tonight i'll be making music with (throwback) homies from highchool! 'Sullivans in Forest Park
RT : Happy Librarians Week. When I think of how great Librarians are my eyes get all Dewey.
i do what people have done to me, i repeat history
the fundamentalist wing of your party will never accept that. you are simply in the wrong party!
ill be there
Glee fucking STOP ADDING PEOPLE
I am impressed with for correcting a minor issue with an article so quickly.
If the DOJ really wants to help #ebook competition, they should require ePub adoption across all devices
I HAVE to have a boyfriend señor year because Prom.
perf smoky eye: super blended combo of brumes duo+night flight. finish w MAC eye kohl in fascinating on waterline, fab!
It's been 19 months since my last cancer treatment for stage 2 cervical cancer. Saying yes to life.
spending the gift card u got me :)
RT : #NYC. You are just so beautiful.
Don’t Understand Why People Say “Get Thee Behind Me Satan.” I Would Want A Guy Like That In Front Of Me… So I Could Keep An Eye On Him
haha nope, there really is a guy in a full body elephant suit riding through campus on one wheel
Listening To #Boyfriend Using Earphones. HEAVEN. <U+2764>
I love reading all of your uplifting tweets. They make me miss Spokane...
Corporations given unlimited $ free speech while the rest of us, who can't afford a senator, lose the right to protest!
What lies before us & what lies behind us are insignificant compared to what lies within us - R.W. Emerson
Awh, how sweet! Love you too!
CAN SOME ONE HELP TO PUT A PIC ON TWITTER PLIZE
Justin is almost 18:,( I remember the 13. Year old on YouTube he's come so far I'm proud
Definition of a teenager? God's punishment for enjoying sex.
Two great games in progress, I have said it before and I'll say it again, we don't dream of great games, we spread 'em !
Scheduling in springtime is tough. Maybe we can make a session out of it. "Robotics Building for Family Facetime".
"if you experienced any condition that detracted from the theatrical presentation of this film, please call 1800phoneTHX." The # still works
I miss you whore!!
secrets are secrets until they are told ;)
Lol I agree, I hate this garbage. I havent used Facebook in forever and I give you credit for inspiring me, haha.
Aye baby you look like you could use a stiff one. ;)
Happy to have visit this morning at Rogers St. Academy. Hope you enjoyed your time with us!
must have ignored my tweets . theres no way hes never seen not even one/:
This Stevie Ray Vaughan / Albert King album is killing! Maybe I'm just in the mood for blues today.
No connection is a myth, especially at the local level
Well be sure you visit us next time you're in town! We'd be glad to have you!
How the hell does andy walker get commentator gigs. Hes boring n talks alot of pish!.
OMG i had to tell u this 2 funny xD in the middle of my boring as fuck math class UR MUSIC went off blasting loud in my bagxD
just saw u in miami announcin ur release!
picture picture picture picture
just bought & watched your new concert. LOVED it!!!! Thanks for entertaining us!!!!
Thank you so much! Yeah you definitely kick butt!:-)
Go Noles! RT Just added & to our list of #FSU Twitter users!
Alarm: Pokemon Theme Song. 1st time: Epic. 2nd time (1st snooze): mini-heart attack. 3rd time (2nd snooze): Full blown heart attack.
Getting married in a few hours! This is crazy! After today my life will go back to normal and I will have a wonderful wife and not just a GF
Love this! Congrats!“: The first day of many hearing "Mrs. Robin, I mean Mrs. Addington, wait, are we supposed to call you that?
What kind of phone is it?
yeah I wanna do someting like that, I wanna go to korea!!!!
that's my shortstop!
Pea misses you and Chrissie. Let me know when you're on this side of the country.
when is the video for chasing the sun going to come out? follow
What I don't understand about recent debate on birth control coverage is why so many men care about something that effects them so little.
You all know what to do
Glad I made it to tonight and got a good workout in. Working late tomorrow. 4 shows at !
Apparently, an old e-mail has been sending out spam. Changed the password. Hope it didn't inconvenience anyone
See you tomorrow at my school!!
you did a great job of clearing the field. Well done! Love you tons.
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs dating back to '11? For real?
I love you too<3
Looking for a part-time, experienced small engine repair person, flexible hours.
Pineapple helps keep your bones strong
Well that means its time to trade Aldridge. He should fetch them a lump sum.
One of the realest nigga I kno frm the hood
Tiger stole a lot of thunder from CBS today. Two weeks from now they may get it back. I hope so. Go Kansas!
it's so ugly outside :(
I the couples at school that make out obnoxiously . Get a fucking room
I can't take this long distance relationship anymore.. Fridge, you're coming to my room.
hell yea how he walks out everytime "where u going?, take a seat!"
There playing M83 at Duke lacrosse camp in love
The discovery of a new dish does more for human happiness than the discovery of a new star. Brillat-Savarin, Anthelme
..and [women] who choose.“If you try to make that distinction, you will get nowhere when focusing on demand.” Therefore, because it is too..
Gotta show on Monday night @ the pearl. !! Austin tx what up!
Yeah its January 4th and its after christmas but I still listen to UNDER THE MISTLETOE... so? :)
i forgot to mention that the best part of The Raven was an appearance by Mr. Bates.
Not sure how I feel about my impulse bang trim!! Gahhh
last q: how painful is it? :) thanks for all of the info!
MSU's David Gift on building GIS infrastructure collaboratively.
So tonight ive learned, such with ur original plan. Im learning that ppl ain't worth a flip!
A5.Brand means a point of view that only that blog has. Selling more stuff on the blog doesn't make it a Brand.
AW YEAH IM NUMBER 4 IN THE STORE FOR GETTING CREDIT APPS!!!!!
I knew you'd love it. Thanks for the props. waiting to hear on a nice tv gig..an actor waits...
eat fatty! Ha
baby girl come stereo in zayns arms <3333
Ready to rock this day. Headed to GB for a few meetings then wangs and beer with the crew.
Audition at Model Club for Hasbro today!
Returning from my unplanned Twitter sabbatical
hahaha good! >:D
Nicola Benedetti at the Heinz Hall!
Really cool to see the variety of #caps #bandwagon fans in my twitter feed. Except for -- he's the worst. #toosoon?
Gtfo with your boob job all over my newsfeed. Nobody cares
is mule the new slang for butt? Remember, I am an old man and not hip to what the kids say
Being in love is not about being perfect... its about being perfect for each other.
please follow me? :)
and again I almost ran today. I'm being tested, clearly. I would swim again now if the pool was open.
Had an amazing year at camp shiloh 20112 its hard getting back to society
Awesome weather today. What to.....bike ride or golf? Have to enjoy it when its here.
The NFL Network is the best NFL channel on TV! Can I get a re-tweet Rich!
and yours truly at on feb 10th. #epicness will ensue...
Thanks for the follow.. now following back.. thanks you as well..
aww damn i forgot to tell happy birthday last week. my bad love, happy belated birthday :)
I'm heading to in Austin. Any short docs we can use to prototype UX? Like a galley? :)
at my sister house and about to eat some sushi :'P ,
Alaska? Is it nice this time of year?
Maybe... but with show as white as Smash, I think the presence of POC was given at least a little thought...
I LOVE U at one time ago meant "U" an "ONLY U" now I LOVE U means I-isha Love-isha and You-Isha.....
Who's ready for another HOMETOWN show!!???
In my mind I draw a line between music and not-music, but it is my goal to hear all sound as music
Hey BISS Street Team!! Check the group for this week's free for alls! Need requests by noon!!
i. wish. soon!
definitely just copied my last tweet. Oh well, he's hot.
im just not gonna tel my mom the major set back with me graduating... ill save myself the death sentence
Play is hand-to-hand encounter with Fate. - Anatole France
Congratulations Class of 2014! We hope you enjoy the events around NYC today.
Bitchiee makes fun of my white girl music but she singing along
The moment when people move around while the bus is still on Lakeshore.
New #gym program tomorrow! yay!
when do I get to hear your theme song again? The series against the Giants?
Pretty certain the female anchor on Good Day L.A is drunk. Don't know how people drink coffee to this
Oof. Glad you're back on top. No rest for the weary....
according to the blogs you're doing a lot of that "no sleep" again.
I just spend all day thinking about ads and typography. It is kind of nice.
Someone should organize a Tugg screening in Austin for World on a Wire. It's promising that there are older titles being made available.
Just spent 10mins chasing a fox with my parents. Seriously.
I'm learning to be free
Man so many competition opportunities not enough time!!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them- John Kennedy
I have seen so many of you niggas girlfriends around my way its a shame
Enjoy! :) RT thanks for the free download :)
When i get My Car Im Not Gone Be In the House at All $$$$$
Hanging with #theexpressions tonight!
another good option. Agreed.
Excited to get to to see take on Good luck #JeremyHall and
I need to find a good pub in Decatur for the World Cup. Maybe if I watch it more with fans, it will make more sense.
ARCNM does! RT How many chapters reach out to local schools to start Red Cross clubs?
hahaha love it!!!
People fear what they dont know..
What would you consider to be your favorite fish to eat?
haha... I meant as a "go ahead.. it wont hurt.. or be a bad thing" type of influence.
I'm right there with you
I'm snapping necks and cashing checks.
lol. My mom is so cute, I know.
FFA is the the most absurd organization.
missed u again this morning!
anyways, TOUR DATES ARE OUT NEXT WEEK. I'M EXCITED AF.
RT thanks and May the odds be ever in my cats favor.
JaVale has to lead the NBA in goaltending violations since entering the league, right?
HAPPY FRIDAY- Have a great weekend !!!
"I am...Mrs. Iglesias." Kristen Wiig in sunglasses on the plane.
I made my 10 points!!!
Any chance you start Matt Ryan over Stafford? Time to insert J. Jones over Bowe, Colston, Blount or Murray? Thanks.
Q3: Freedom to be w/o prejudice, racism & judgement ... esp. based upon race, sexuality, gender, etc.
: If only God can Judge you, how you plan to beat the case?
There's something perverse about my iTunes's 'c's: Cat Power, Catch 22, The Cave Singers? They would not go to each other's shows.
Just registered for America's Finest City half marathon-- Triple Crown bound!
Maybe it wanted a Coke Zero?
SMH @ the error msg "Twitter is over capacity".
And now 3-0, its tribe time mofo's
How to recycle Women's Suits: www.dressforsuccess.org/sandiego... Check out the web site for more details! Or call:619.281.3373 :)
Someone please invent recyclable/compostable nylons and tights.
Morning! And Congrats to all the Rutgers Newark graduates I saw this am!
Yup. Hacked indeed.
alright dang!!!
Anyone know where I can buy a kitty-sized dumb and dumber powder blue tuxedo (w/top hat)? Steve needs to make important first impression.
What does #BLKWater taste like? The blackness of the water kinda freaks me out.
I have 2 cases of Blast for you in my car.
both u and are stranded in Newton, IA. Hook up with them for a bus video!
tear fell from my eye to know Zimmerman is finally has been arrested
of all the accounts here claiming to be motivational, you really do the best job. I've gained so much perspective from you!
Just heard a woman at a cafe talking about leaving her family, so happy people realize it is a choice and you only keep them if they're good
I’ve learned…that the people you care about most in life are taken from you too soon.
Never rub your eyes after eating peppers. This really should go without saying.
990 followers!...Ok my next 10 followers get a free mention....is that incentive or what?
Thanks Cammy. School is going great.
then they tryed to tape it and put pencils for support !! haha now that part made me laugh!
have a fantastic weekend.
Facebook users can add organ donor status
Ha! Thanks to all of you for making me feel like I'm in the room along with you.
The old testament is pretty hard core.
Fun time speaking at tonight, excellent interaction.
Thank You for the wonderful notes! Such a wonderful relaxed day. :-) lunch in DC anyone?
I don't like the tweets about hail in #indy. I'm going to go drape my body over as much of my car as possible
#AMP is still spreading. Slow and steady wins the race. Spread the love andymetz.bandcamp.com
red clay in the concrete mix
ha! I smell your stank from here
Thanks for the follow. Would you be interested in adding my music to your playlist?
Conflicting reports on the where-a-bouts of Peyton Manning. AP says he left, KOA says he still here. Which is it?
It sounds ludicrous to get wound up over a few words that circle society when kids are taking their own lives.
Free Dessert on us all week with purchase of an entree! Just check in to Oz Korean BBQ on Facebook with your phone and show to your server!
anyone out there in ROCH have extra animal barrier fencing they are throwing out? Ill pay in tomatoes
Sadly, I am no relation to the Kellogg heirs.
can't watch unfortunately. my coworker went to baylor...I'll give her shit later
": Breakfast adventures with " we're friends
People on the metro having a full on conversation about how terrifying the movie Ferngully is.
...Or is there something like CALIPR for non-Cali folks?
the journey continues producing some great songs for folks right now. and soon enough some new ones of mine. eventually. getting antsy.
Well, you're still a rockstar in our book! We'll double check for hanging chads ; )
plants moved to garden ICU. Next of kin contacted. Now comes the hard part - the waiting...
Looks like Luck, RG3, Richardson, then the madness will start
RAP/RNB ARTIST JOIN "WE ARE THE UNDERGROUND ALL STARS MIXTAPE SERIES ON FACEBOOK
Thank you, Signal Outdoor Advertising, for supporting this year's run!! We appreciate you!
the only known cure for what u have is sleep and even that is not permanent .
Feels alone
Presenting with the North Star Fund Award tonight.
Is it as crazy as the giggles gets??? RT : When I get the giggles, I can't stop...
Note to self .. Implement no tails allowed policy into work dress code policy.
TY for the follow, I hope you find my Tweets intriguing & informative. Have a gr8 day!!
Happy Birthday!! Today's my moms birthday as well. Many fun and exciting wishes!!
I need a good free website for watching porn vids(; any suggestions?
Just crashed 's school visit with the Columbus High Book Club in W. Columbus, TX. What an awesome group!
He looked Nice yesterday ^.^<U+2665> .. He did a good job yesterday ... but he didn't notice me yesterday .. </3
#HappyBirthdayMGK with his fine ass..
Good morning! Let's look forward to sunshine and fresh greens, butter-thirsty corn and plump, juicy tomatoes. Market opens in under 30 mins.
Really admire how the press proof rooms are named after some of Charlotte's best designers
RT : SPRING CLEANING...HUGE SALE...50% OFF ENTIRE STORE!!
Keynote with Mike Fernandez, chairman of MBF Healthcare Partners
and using up precious resources like oxygen.
: #AboutMiddleSchool - #Def was great for me; in contrast to 4th and 5th grade, there wasn't any drama, but that's rare I hear.
Yep. And secretly, I want to be Iron Man.
Back at work
Heads up to and We are running our piece on tonight around 5:50 and 9:50 on
Design needs more stories.
Super cute Sense of humer always smiling talented one of a kind,never put on makeup cuz she's pretty beautiful and always herself
How can you call yourself a man if you don't know squat about cars? I mean seriously? What is our world coming to!?
Did you get to go for a ride?
That's what I thought but haven't seen them yet. The website is down right now.
I wish a week would go by with an #RBNY trade, injury, or arrest.
Several things to do today. May not get back to my WIP until this evening.
can I get a retweet from the best band ever?
ah yes, I was responding to your picture labeled "Lonesome." Immediately popped into my head (obvious reasons). Good song.
Im not tired.. #gonnawatch movies
This morning I only got #1wish ft ...
is at the Irish Fest getaway
Anything's possible if you open up your mind!
Excited to see a reading musical Lobby Channel as part of playwriting festival.
Waiting for the cork to pop and the party to drop.
thank you (:
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
Is this a concern about your calendar or why your wife wants you to see a pastor? Maybe he has some calendar tips...?
can you guys please not suck
Damn, drama already.
Thought about all the music and all the fun you were bound to be having! So glad it was as awesome as we knew it'd be ;)
Well, I'm sure my mother would support me writing you letters, hahaha.
"Even the sparrow finds a home, and the swallow a nest for herself, where she may lay her young, at your altars, O LORD of hosts" Psalm 84:3
awh, yeah that's always hard :( if you get them really young, they're bff material
wow wow wow I meant chattanooga haha
hahahaha sucks for you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> but I better see you and get a picture!
is live at
I don't like NYC in the winter. There is no grass to eat in central park. #moo :(
A cold, San Diego day is the perfect occasion to start a new YA read. I'm feeling a bit dystopian today. Any recommendations?
RT : Ohio is home to 159,900 high-tech employees, ranking the state 14th nationally in terms of high-tech employment....
Being my usual fatass self at cheddars(:
I'm not a big fan of the first one : /
Monster Squad or The Gate
Get a One-Year Membership to The Frist Center for the Visual Arts in Nashville for only $45 (Save $55!) at
. I need to mine some gold of my own today. Thanks for the motivation :)
"Trebek" means "man of magic mustache" in the language of the super intelligent alien race that sent him here.
o ok
Too much wine = dreamt that I own a circus monkey
hahaha my voice had returned!....... slightly :/
The "COLLAB TAPE" Is complete an is here.Other songs that will be added to the cd will be included as bonus tracks from
Inconsiderate smokers have destroyed all sympathy I did have for a plight that was once my own.
Just watched a vid & looked @ pics from my cousins wedding Saturday,makes me really wanna remarry now since my 1st wedding sucked lol
great! :D its like 1 week til summer!
when I call a XML file on same server I get the 500. I pass compatibility but get fcgi errors in log. I'll investigate monday
me encanta, el remix ya es un hit en los clubs de Miami
See you there! Don't be late! :)
Rayman Origins for $15 at Gamefly? This is why I never buy games full price anymore; I hold out for deals like this.
I have no doubt you'll be prepared. :)
I'd like to quash this argument right here and now
The sacrifice you desire is a broken spirit. You will not reject a broken and repentant heart, O God. (Psalm 51:17 NLT)
- if you quote from another author/musician, acknowledge him/her - this quote is from Jamey Johnson...
that was an awesome game! I so can't wait for the regular season to start...
OMFG CAN I KILL HER ALREADY?
Ugh! Penalty takes us from 5th to 26th and a lap down. Rain looks like it's going to end this one early. Par for the course this season.
Thanks for mention!
how do manz get like 8000 tweets.
I'm excited for season 2 of #Revenge and this one ain't even over yet.
wats been up my dude
5th Component of ethics training: Ensure the training is perceived as authentic and not just viewed as window dressing.
Outstanding! RT : went to the gas station, got a 44oz cherry icee and went back to bed.
have fun!!!
SHOUT OUT TO MY BFF CORIMIA A.K.A TEDDY BEAR I MISS YU HOMEGIRL
Alex, YOU'RE SO FREAKING ADORABLE. =)
I've been calling you no wonder.
Its goin down @ club empire tonight!!!! 21+ladies free
I don't think that #texans game could've ended any stranger.
Parents shushing their baby on the plane. Does this really work?
Awww night My group of italians were on fire!
no worries. Aways could use help. We have about 500 here tonight for orientation.
Those Cheese N Crackers >>>>>
of course! Thanks for giving me a sneak peak of the concert! It's going to be great
I need another Labor Day.....
“: : well done trying out for The Denver Broncos :) from a fan in Malaysia" tqvm for RT :)"
hey! Another Indiana directioner? Sweet(:
Daddy being called a murderer. I could never imagine. I just want to find them and hug them and tell them everything will be alright :(
i understand summers in two weeks and all but i really can't wait that long...
haha so good
I know the feeling but it's just a bump in the road
sold! I will check 'em out :)
is broker than the Tooth Fairy in a house full of meth addicts!
I honestly hope not...not my fav user interface and feels like repetitive content from fb...
Never allow your pain to skip out on true love. It's too difficult to decipher these days just to throw away..
MUMBAI - First, Lady Gaga wore a dress made of meat
I'm your ride or die, faithful till the end..
So I basically can't see even with my contacts in. Maybe I should see a doctor or whatever.
well considering what I pay for it, I would have spent about the same amount without it. I think I'm saving like 10 bucks.
Funny how my current Pandora station is at Jack Johnson
We all make mistakes... what matters is our heart, are we willing to learn and make amends and seek to make things right again..
Don mattingly on not top ten!
We're mobile, so we move around to different locations each week. Where would you like to see us?
The breeze has me in relax mode..
Harry Potter and the Half-Bloody Mary
ohh good luck buddy nd why dont u wanna do the video its gonna be fun
i mustve j7st missed you, im heading back to 111
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
maybe a good mid major...like Butler or Gonzaga...one day.
shout out to the best real estate platform developed by
the wife and I just watched #Moneyball and highly recommend it! Enjoy!
Indeed. Looking forward to reading your tweets.
lots of #amwriting = too much candy
“: did anyone give you a pinterest invite yet? or does no one love you enough?” You are cruel and highly unusual.
yeah baby its about to be another fun summer <3
Jay-Z concert in Philly during Labor Day
Good eye Swish!!!! We loaded up with no outs!! Come on Bombers!!!
#women share stories of how their lives have changed after 6 months at the literacy centers.
got get it Brad! Glad you are enjoying life!
Plus, assholes smoked all my Lemon Drop last night...pissed lol
tried bobby flay's idea of using mascarpone in the mashed potatos. dude! delicioso!
William Hale White
RT : none. RT None of you niggas matter after I close my twitter app.
i adore you soo much. follow me!!! <3 NEVER SAY NEVER. im gonna keep trying til it happens. good morning ;) how are you?
"Let the learning lead you, take you wherever it goes." Susan Davis
Daily Tip: If an attack occurs if possible, determine the attacker's identifying features: hair color, height, weight, build, clothing, etc.
Getting ready then outt with my nigga
I love this game.
we both know that already
Saw you on Channel 6 this morning on #SanDiegoLiving! Awesome job! You did great! See you tomorrow at #Getyourgreenon !
First time eating #aldos that's some good s#%@!!! Has that homemade Italian taste and feel, not chain store. So full.
Greetings! What technologies do you prefer?
2 runs! oh my god! U-bad-o! U-bust-o! bad trade! command issues! (3 k's). I swear some of you have never seen baseball before.
don't spell my name backwards
how are u?
It's 4 in the morning why the hell am I doing laundry?
or maybe when we have our Johnston Hall dance party later this semester?
#NowPlaying Automated Oceans (Feat. Sea of Bees) by
Happy slaughtering of native americans day! Cheers to smallpox and imperialism!!! J/k happy thanksgiving everybody!!!
I dare you! (Michele) Bachmann Got Run Over By A Gay Deer, while trying to go get it therapy...
I wanna change my bellybutton ring...
You is smart,you is kind,you is important... #the help #grammatime :)
Haha! We were gonna come into Fleming's, but decided on sushi instead :P
Eating dinner and noticing that Jaden eats just like his Mama, one thing at a time.
Is trying to wake up...can't wait for 3!
Brewstone Beer Company had great food and even better company tonight -good talk with good girls- good for the soul
Ask To Bryant: Are You Virgin? Bryant Responds: Bitch, Please! Hahahaha
Tip for fellow auto enthusiasts: Snow-covered car? It can be hard to tell if the dome light is on. Wait four days. Now you know it's not on.
thanks, indeed!
I'm intrigued.
sorry! So can you go to tonys tomorow?
'The Electro Wars,' With Steve Aoki, Justice And Lil Jon, Is Here!
Totally forgot about our 9th anniversary of arriving in America.
Any movie with Jason Statham
"You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed?" "I think you can in Europe."
Tweeps, huge day, I achieved an outstanding 71 followers today. Thanks for making my dreams come true
To all the people who keep saying YOLO Your definition: You Only Live Once My definition: You Obviously Lack Originality
So just finished the proj and it looks amazing!!! Mathbook! Hahaha
we are such cool people hahahaha
Next dozen folks who order a dessert after their meal get a cute sambuca mug
a range of VAK strategies to target all learners x
Adam started drinkin at 10 am. Its now 1221 and hes got the hicuPs trying to sing gucci mane
Barack knows how to motivate a nation.
RT : It's Friday Night $5.00 Martini Night!!!
love you!
My wife gave birth at the hospital so I started BLUE HEAVEN this am RT : love cj's books... What's your "friday hospital read?""
Tonight was amazing <3
Hey my BTS daily pick is Derek Jeter. During his entire career every game played on today's date 5/13 he got a hit
writes anthems without it sounding like they're trying to write an anthem
Theme from the Jeffersons
I'm going Anthony Davis as the best overall talent/worst taste in women.
said it was hard not to sound pretentious leaving work saying, "My partner's at home cooking with Cathal Armstrong."
Navy Mites Travel team on our way to "Mites on Ice" at Verizon Center. Tonight Caps play NC Hurricanes.
Happy Remembrance Day! <3
your boy #Marv get a new rug for the tournament?
Trying to derive an understanding of the scandal-of-the-week only from snarky tweets can be tough.
&rest good luck w/ BCEFA benefit tonight!
I used 2watch d show in Spanish when I was a child. I moved 2 d US nlost track of it. Now, I'm trying 2 get back on track.
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: and to be new judges on #Xfactor. Will the additions make you watch?
Breathe Carolina's song Blackout! The music video is on On Demand!! Check it out!!
fermented grape juice.
Food pickings are slim near whatever highway this is.
thanks now that song is stuck in my head
Its Natural to be jealous but its Ignorant to let it run you
Thx for organizing - great being here! RT : We want to thank Paul and Elizabeth from for joining us today.
tweet tweet ... is this thing turned on?
all these bitches scream'n
slow down daddy
Welcome to me new followers.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune ~ Jim Rohn /
I can't focus. I'm on school.. But i'm thinking of sweet, hot, cute and lovely
great stuff please keep it coming:)
Because He ’s Hot: Prince Harry Has a Night Out With Friends (PHOTOS) Prince Harry sure does love the nightlife! The 27-year-old royal
RT #Huguely trial delayed this morning because one of the defense attorneys is sick. Judge hopes to resume case this afternoon.
Wow, just heard the news about Junior Seau's suicide. Sad day for sports
message us with what you order contained. sorry for the delay. lt me know if you've heard something. we will get this worked out
have you seen the iphone version 4....the future is now
Woah i jusr noticed a have a big tanline
Woot Woot! Up front and center!
Twitter: it's no longer about you, it's about what is going on around you. It's headline news.
#NeverShouldYouEver date a friends ex its just crossing that line
never limit yourself when it comes to music. But I'm gonna start saying bloody in all my tweets now! Where r u from?
I was listening to a track earlier - like. You like it? Lineup isn't out yet, but I thought I'd heard confirmation elsewhere.
Everyone is stealing vlados 1 and a lot of dancer hand hop I swear I am going to tweet nick to try to calm u down!!!!!
: Customer service for Metro rail..(301) 955-5218 Got this when they called me after posting pic of sleeping mngr!
it's all a game of shuffling money around.
"Andy Warhol: The Last Decade" is on my must see.. thanks DMN GuideSunday for great insights, esp.the Dallas connection.
Thanks for following!
its overrated, lotta weirdos, but not in the admirable way
To nap before night shift, or watch the #Hoyas crush WVU?
Everybody don't look like their AVI...ijs
have a great time with the show tonight. Pictures, please!
I highly doubt that !
looked like it was edited to only bad about the mens team. Didn't show who stood out on mens team like they said Aubrey stood out
QTM closing at the high of day target set at 2.50
keyshia cole need a new cd she was the shit
“I’ve never liked a girl enough to give her twelve sharp knives.”
true that! I need a break from this entire place though. like this state... this country.. i just need to get away. haha
Well aren't you spoiled! I think you could get away with a new car now.
good thing i love it when you smile
how did u brake ur toe!
Everything in the future and the past is here right now. Albert Einstein
Great job Hosting last nite at the Prestige Awards...also I forgot to mention the great job you did singing at the Carlsbad5000
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who who don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
"Real Men Drink Pink" - love (The Four Seasons Wine Consultant)
Famous skateboarder LoL
Hi Friends, take the time today to wish my dear Christian Brother a Happy Birthday! And send him an iPad3 for me too! lol
Brazil officially abolished slavery today in 1888 with the Lei Áurea (Golden Law) signed by Isabel, Princess Imperial
just got back from the science night at school, its sad when a grown adult is to afraid to talk to me....wimp.....
. True, but most people would benefit, An MBA of Hard Knocks can be just as expensive w/o the benefits.
Go hawks!
great record!! what's up, pluuurrrrr?
Grading like its my JOB! oh, wait it is my job.
“: Miami should get rid of Chalmers nd pick up Allen Iverson!!”I would be a HEAT fan then
Relaxing waiting for the hubby to come home....
My brother being a playa <
Looking for the next new arrivals for the boutique!
for real
Come out to MetroDog tomorrow night at the Domain for Mutts and Martinis! Bring your dog for a nail trim!
lets go Dallas!!!!!
It's called an intern :)
Too complex to put in 47 letters but I'll blog it by the end of the day.
stucco contractors fishers indiana, fishers stucco companies, stucco repair fishers indiana, fishers stucco repair, fishers stucco, stucco
I think Spiderman is trying to tell me something LOL..I HAVE NO IDEA but OMG it was one BIG UGLY SPIDER
that's mean!
Sunday fun day! Come on in for some delicious MENUDO!
It definitely doesn't surprise me, but is still sad.
Sitting here feeling irrelevant because I'm not watching Glee
I would:o
Wednesday Thursday Friday Todd!
Just downed several "vodka y sodas con lima" while watching hair metal videos on TVs built into guitar amps... #HardRock baby
That's what you're supposed to tweet next week!
Too bad you are missing out on me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0>
Stefan: "You down to fight Mr. Kaberna? Nah, he's scared." Kaberna: "Yeah, I'm scared that douche-hawk on top of your head might cut me." <3
...still mowing. How much grass can there be in this neighborhood?
Remember this: Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. A Einstein
I never thought that a 61% district would cause someone to throw such a hissy fit. Rep Walz has got to be laughing about that.
Oh my god. I know. It was amazing.
Giving away some #TallyCardz tomorrow. Should I give away 25 or 50?
If you were I'd share you so hard you'd shut down Reddit
My favorite BB team-NY 2nd favorite BB team-any team that beats the Texas r not my 2nd favorite team today.
My hair's finally getting long.
"Intuition is the clear conception of the whole at once." ~Johann Lavater
: I love it! I would so totaly do the same thing! haha
I Was Born To Make You Happy. :D
haha good to know we have you on board Buck! Good series, wish it had gone a bit longer, but I'm sure we'll see you again.
Are you doing the circles thing?
RT is looking for a Flash/Flex/ActionScript Designer for a~2wk project onsite in Atlanta if interested
Wearing flip flops to class in February wouldn't be possible without global warming.
yeah, idk i was just trying to cheer you up lol... hope everything turns out for the best
wish you ladies were here!
Now I gotta freaking clean OMG bro I hate this and its not any of my mess I swear I wish I can have my own room
tonight made me realize how much i'll miss the people in my program and especially prague. and also confirmed to me that czechs are assholes
We're glad you enjoyed the show and the venue :)
it's not the right case file...
Many thanks to everyone who joined us for the first ever gala! Great seeing &
I'll kill you.
In fear of john bobbit action, if u dont here from me its because
Knee jerk reactions.
Tyler Champagne and Brandon Tyler Russell both earn bookings today!!! More info to come later.
One of the students asked me how much money there is in writing and nonprofit work. Little, I told him. I was followed by Denise Whiting.
Lowkey... It's kinda hot outside
You did AMAZING on GaGa's song
sorry to hear that, 9 to 5's suck have a great t-day
Austin has no idea how many lives he's saved. He has talked so many people out of suicide, and many other things. He's an amazing person.
why is beer bottle not a refrigerator industry standard? Whole thing is wrecked without proper spacing.
Legit just got attacked by a flying cockroach. Brb crying.
THANK YOU so much for following me!please go follow !itsJADEN SMITHS OFFICIAL ARMY!plz tell ur followers to also
white polo jeans in stock from levi's and wrangler call jc western
“: Taylor swift music >>>” and I go hard to this
I should have a menagerie of falcons by now.
Please follow San Diego CRM on Twitter
i remember when my high school--Dover, would play your high school in Football! Go Greenwave! =)
Pandora and chemistry project. That's what my mothers day consists of..
Thanks bud. Someday, I'll owe you lunch. It'll be glorious.
we got to start getting consestent here
yah I do
Have some surprise guests lined up for the UNICEF charity show... can't wait to share them with you
LIFE=Let It Flow Effortlessly
Friday night with boys. One happy camper.
So, am I finally gonna get some Alverno love in your show??? Hillary was already here, and Abe is coming in 45 minutes! :)
im happy we got you backstage<3 MISS YOU
So listen, I've been trying out classic LA joints and tonight is The Prince. How is their lemon soju?
haha your the First i called this Girl that once and you would thought i killed her mom ha
Woke up early....no work...Wake n Bake all morning long! Mayweather vs Cotto Tonight!
no ma'am
Thank you, wishing you the same.
Gene Smith is on BTN right now: the only person that I'm more surprised to see still employed in Columbus is Demetrious Stanley
Daddy Nose Best to win and Gemologist & I'll Have Another for the Tri!
tell noenickx I said HEY. Just kidding don't she's mean to me.
Exciting things are on the horizons for those willing to take risks and embrace change in hopeful expectation... I dig it!
Oh the false assumptions! "Access" does not equal "organization." Who defines what is "heady"? So much #facepalm going on here!
nothing to get hung about
No. Doubt. Every time I shave I assume someone else in the world is shaving so I say "I'm gonna shave too."
"I’ve got a theory that if you give 100% all of the time, somehow things will work out in the end." ~ Larry Bird
Fuses keep going out. Silly Toby.
with three different accounts I am having #THATCamp schizophrenia ack!!!
San Diego! Incredible entrepreneurs, amazing weather, scrumptious restaurants & desert/beach/mountains are 90 min from each.
I gotta say, though, that my first cabbie was AWESOME.
This may be the worst lecturer ever.
:c aw sorry
That's the Ryan I know! Being a man of style and grace, I think you will find the "Men's Apparel" section especially useful.
would LOVE to see him solo open one of those ryan adams shows on their run together this summer.
#Realbeauty is not something physical. It's not something you find on the surface, it radiates from deep within you...
so whoever wins this year is "perfect"?
It sounds like u all had fun!! Tennis doubles in NYC soon!!:)
What kind of pig do sows dislike? Male Chauvinist Pigs.
see, it's just too cute to resist forever!!
That's a great start to the day...hope the rest is just as wonderful for him :)
I'm dropping my lovelies off at school and then getting real bloodies. My chi is way off!
The only way we could win is if we went our separate ways.. Hurt at first but now I've never felt better
We have been invited to the "Snake Pit" at the Indianapolis 500! May 27th...Will have extra passes, let us know if you need one!
That's mucho pastel, bro.
I actually love this! RT From last night: Lady Gaga Partners with Harvard to Launch Anti-Bullying Born This Way Foundation
Best Marware Samsung Galaxy S I Case
What orators lack in depth they make up for in length. ~Charles de Montesquieu
It's all well and good, but how does Sun Jihai feel about City's win?
follow back please?? (: <3
It was a good guess and their name is so close to ours. Don't think that's a coincidence at all! :-(
RT : Thanks to brent and the good people at for getting FIGHT TO WIN up on the main page in record time!!!
alright jai brooks is fucking hot
and when it comes true.... accept it
just saw your Nationwide Hauler in Texas.
depends on how well you ride your bike. ever go off any sweet jumps?
my girlfriend just told me wen she goes to france for more then a month she wont be able to go on fb </3 gona be hard not talking to her._.
I will find the cure to RLS one day. I hate seeing my best friend deal with this.
": Please believe I hold grudges."-hahaha ditto, if taken to that point
i guess if its a girl her name will be Brooklyn Carter :)
appreciate it thanks-
Perfect! Thank you :)
Am loving this black folks talking about black folks
This time they tweeted unimpeded activity
Need help, card dead and short stacked with 22 left before the money!
I stay in bed and read business magazines to my boyfriend on the weekend so he knows that it's real...
My wife is coloring my daughter's hair...again. God help us.
A girl from something called the vampire diaries has a million dollar necklace on. I'm in the wrong line of work.
Good Afternoon to my new followers and friends! Let's network!!!!!
February 1st....all have a nice month!!!!
“: Read the handbook, folks: A #retweet doesn't count if you have to ask for it.” come on, dude.. #retweet me!
LOOK AT THE PICS ON MY PROFILE THEN :/x
The Scream sold for $119 million? Jeez, is already buying art for the White House?
Whew! Six hours of grading papers. At least they're finally done.
Into the darkness of the resurrected you.
Why are all the mothers day cards pink
I sent my mom a cropped pic of the painted modeling I did. She's still not over the pierced nipples thing
of course I will :-)
When you put your arms around me, you let me know theres nothing in this world i can't do. <3
On a side note, we finally reached 400 followers!! This is deserving of a SKIDDLY DOO! Our tweeps are the fanciest.
DeyWalt: Images from the Geology tour of the New Orleans Katrina Disaster ...
I’m a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I’m not lying.
I'll take 3 shots of Life on the Rocks
Braun's reputation has taken a hit all because some douche from MLB leaked info to ESPN. Best thing about it, we will never know who it was!
#youknowtheycheating if its always an excuse as to why you cant chill
Im stupid bored
Like us on FACEBOOK! AT Facebook.com/tragedycalledtruth
Could anything be more trite? Glad this "rivalry" is over. Makes adults act with less sophistication than children.
caught up on #newgirl today. bahaha awesome episode, i need a
add me!!!!!! Talkitive71
I'm pretty sure we set a record for balks this year, no doubt
": Descent work out now time for food and hopefully bed action" action in bed, or bed action ...... U still in drought watch 2012? Ha
So why do we think wasn't in the first half?
Spring cleaning and a much needed vacuum
That part makes me sad. My parents are so much happier now that they are retired.
Happy birthday and !!
This lady after introducing her girlfriend to Yoda, then proceeded to lay down in front of him so he could jump on her and lick her face.
that was just funny to me
Selena Gomez Asks Fans For Help With New Fragrance
thats how I feel if I leave my phone at home from working on a Friday or Saturday...boo.
After seeing demo last night, ran win8 on vm today. I really dont get it, came to fullscreen of something, how do i get out of it??
Disappointed that Gratuitous Tank Battles is a tower defense game.
Thank you for helping share the message!
"Pilkopants" ha ha!
I must say I looked stupid for rocking my car back and forth but a boss for not needing any help from the boys !
is ready for another week! Make sure to check out our music, www.myspace.com/tailgatesouth!
#SaySomethin is stuck in my head!!!!!! :)
you see the took another hit with okposo needing shoulder surgery, first streit now okposo. Bummer.
True RT : The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows. -Aristotle Onassis
Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust Announces Agreement To Acquire Fully Leased ...
Man!! This rain won't stop!
no but I'll probably be around again tomorrow!
DM and find out
Who else is going to Angels and Kings tonight? See you there hopefully :)
follow mee I'm a big fan
Worldwide- need "Twerkers". Can you dance/twerk? If so, hit me up for a 500 dollar self recorded video opportunity
Mom always finds a way to mess my mood up.
Just said bye to Basia, Aleksa, and Rafa as they make the trek back to MI. Tomorrow will be the first B-day without them! Safe Journey gang
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving. Enjoy!
yay! happy you got the hydration delivery for your running! call me tonight - we need to chat asap!
Airfare Increases and Fees Likely to Rise for Summer
Didn't realize I was 4months post perm... Not team natural but I do wanna stretch this perm
I want to marry
well thats alot of damn weight..
Hey, a fellow ND grad!
Determined to break 500 followers today! Rt and do what you do twitter! Maestro Says is a movement. GET WITH IT OR GET LOST.
Critical Thinking/Problem Solving: Exceeds Expectations
That's taking it to a whole new level! RT : Italy's the only place I've been honked at for *not* running red lights
no one will ever undertand how much it hurts
My hip-baby has grown into normal hips. But I will still keep as my favorite charity.
Looking forward to seeing you both there!
Just as close as Grand Central. Was told Flat Iron/Union Square is a better area to go out.....
Need some help/advice for a job search: Anybody know of entry level opps for Accounting/Fraud Examination/Auditing?
I miss playing Ultimate Frisbee!!
Shout out to everyone at CF Retreat. Have you been following the Fostering Success program at #WMU?
Hey there, SPRING. You look good. We're toasting you at Late Night Happy Hour at 10pm tonight.
The special was immensely overboard & crass. Wade & Bosh are saintly by comparison.
#9ers RT : Are you ready for some football?? What team are you going to watch tomorrow?
Super excited to go to fun. w/ on 4/13 :-)
You're so freaking perfect. <U+E022>
nigga when you coming back?
All we wanna do is party and bullshit and party and bullshit and party and bullshit~
Been ready for school since 7:30 and I'm still home
oh Joe... & tryna steal your girl
: Thanks for coming by yesterday to check out our new Bikes! exhibit!
I'm dissin' this old woman who's making me want to destroy the news
Haha it is expensive. I mean the student tickets are kinda cheap haha.
Ooh, intriguing. Are you thinking active scheduling (Doodle poll-style), or posting a schedule?
Does the electronic screen have to be leaden? Why not screens that look like gems at rest? [...]
Cranking the Jordan Rudess channel on Pandora Radio today - keeping me going on a busy day!
Congrats to one more young artist targeted by spammers in a weird way a
Did you log it? Like write down the stuff? That looks nasty.
The more you cant have something the more you want it
I love Sungha Jung :) he's amazingg! And you're friends w Neriah rightt? :D She told me that you were :p
Are you (or is your company) participating in the #SOPA / #PIPA blackout this week or is it enough that it's been shelved... for now?
Does running late count as exercise?
Thanks for the RT of Nancy's tweet, Kendra; it's greatly appreciated!
Interesting take on the born digital vs digitized binary. Is it really a binary? Are all digitized items born digital? I have many feels.
that looks pretty funny!
I wish they had your sodas in boring old Indiana. Nothing ever comes here haha.
New Delta snacks including salsa Sunchips and cranberries! Yum!
Hope is what sets us apart from a day we feel we can't do to a day we feel we can do anything.
Cant believe im 19 & im ready move into my 1st house with my BF ..can u say BLESSED !
Does no one enjoy a nice early breakfast on a Saturday in Indy?
I would have to defer you to my linguistics colleagues LOL :)
Titanic with the family<3
“: I love you, can't wait till you come home!” I love you :)
Damn tacos were Bomb!
Still recovering from the weekend in the high country of Virginia but the gears are turning for a music festival in Blue Grass, VA.
shout out to free samples. sams club
Woo hoo I finished 7th in my age group in the 5K last night. Out of 455 total females 20-24! The night run was especially cool!
me: i finished all my terms and names. my history teacher: *laughs* yeah okay. -_- thanks mr gabriel.....
And that is probably the first time I have danced sober at a wedding. The power of zydeco and a pretty girl.
SAT this mourning wish me
okay I am going to sleep now, BYE
I'm straighter than an arrow.
haha yeah right I'm sure you have that problem
Also, we could go sit at Richmond Green because it's gorgeous there. On the weekends, we'd find a way to Jackson's Point. OMGG.
How did the 2-1 Rays-Red Sox game take longer than the 11-7 Twins-Tigers game?
About to crash. Got started on a new track. I'm really trying to steer away from that same old dubstep sound.
RT : RT : Safety first! Win tickets: upload a photo of your to enter! Tag with
at my mother friends house.....i feel somewhat better;)
I'm bout to start doing Zumba again
I would "like" it :) hahah
innovations is partying
unfortunately, I didn't.
Just got installed...geeking out super hard
Whenever I pull out my crockpot, I'm always reminded of how much I LOVE it.
#Glee wants to make me #dance!!
yea, heard the Rangers had some trouble with the Royals. what happened?
I've spent most of the morning trying to organize my various projects & capture all the feature requests for our websites.
A year later, I still miss Dave Niehaus' voice on the radio, especially in the depths of football season.
": # Welcometochicago where they think Harolds on 87th && Dan Ryan is the best!!!" Key word think
Seriously, 10 things I hate about you, top 5 favorite movies.
This game aint over though.
howdy howdy. How r ya?
Winter can be SAD for most people! Try to fight the urge to isolate yourself. Ask for help if you're feeling depressed.
working as fast as I can to get this aritles submitted. Time to put on my cape.
Want to bag a deer just to have deer steaks. Yum
you don even have to ask already on it
Just found out I am working from home today, customers don't want their windows cleaned in the rain...
Skrrt. RT : ora --> RT : A real nigga don't tell a female "I love you" for sex.
is it unfounded, though? or founded all too materially on...*the hostility of objects* OK i've basically written my outline here.
Just when you think everything is all good. . .you find out that it's not :/
We’ve got live and silent auctions starting in 10 minues… proceeds from the auction also go to benefit the Gildas Club South Florida!
like dat tat on yo back...
sick life.
oh fuck yea let's strap those four wheelers on go for a little slate with NAJEE
Not even noon and I've already found 3 crazies. Must be spring in #philly!!
Pretend your a rockstar in the shower
I am gonna fight u for putting it on WOW Gospel. They gonna kick me out my job for laughing
Trust gets you killed, love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated.
Most people are idiots and can't help but what they are... Pretending is an art
RT - At 7 pm tonight, don't forget to catch me and the Miami Dolphins Cheerleaders on #CBS4 Miami for their 1 hr Calend...
Thanks for the RT
Getting ready to teach. How many students will show up for a 5:30 tech writing class on a sunny July night?
It was awesome to visit with you! Looking forward to getting a bite to eat tomorrow and more good conversation!
"Epstein and his minions were relentless." That pretty much shows you the level of objectivity CHB used when writing his article.
New office in the Madison. Welcome to #Detroit!
Rihanna made you red heads, NickiMinaj made you barbies, Cher Lloyd made you shave half your heads and now Beyonce's turned you all pregnant
“: Drinking out of a straw. #ManCardRevoked”
i hope peyton doesnt go to denver
Them Beats Are Superiorly Dope..Firee! Its A Must Do That I Get Some Beats Off For My Album..!
Just watched #ChasingDaytona and feel so bad for and - sometimes racing just ain't fair
lawn diseases are abound right now. Do you have a blotchy lawn? Or dead streaks that look like the follow tire tracks?
awwh): yeahh, someday! i havent met him yet either.
Hi there, it's noon. What's for lunch?
Looking to form volunteer group. #Madison #WI Analyze current #tornado warning system, new tools
I'd hang out there WITHOUT a reason
oh shut up neil u dont know what your talking about
Jersey Shore Italy tomorrow at 10 Pm.... :)
"Optimize or perish." Dave Manzer
wasn't able to watch but, wow, i finally got 1 right... :-D
Thanks for the response! We're looking for new talent to come aboard, we'll review and get back to you if it seems like a fit!
Fun day
That unattractive face you make when you put on Chapstick...
ur so welcome! im pretty sure ur going to Imats! :D
c u in a bid and yes ill be tomorrow for sure!
Scandalous.. she's so SCANDALOUS
Liaisons want to know which databases are in what discipline
#NP Nitrous Oxide - North Pole
": If you're going to be an annoying freshman...don't complain when people say they hate freshman...you're the reason"
Let the church say amand, and amand again lol ( brown voice)
NICE if you actually Banned them.
Punk'd Was Fuckin Awsome!:D but now its time for Vampire Diaries(: <3
There's a gap in fulton mall. I hope ur happy jayz.
jane hoya at prez motorcade outside 1789: "I mean I like tombs but why would they go there? It's like a burger place..."
Chavez singles to bring home Cano :D
My goal is too come back tan
Oh my good lord that's alotta records!
Funny how so many people were shoked he had Justin carry his belt...most dont know they are friends.
pair of gloves would be pretty wicked!!!
At the game with my lil
When was the last time you heard anything relevant about Xavier Henry?
no way!!! High five and Happy Birthday!!!! What r you up to today and this weekend?
Thanks for the follow, I hope you enjoy the free tunes.
Check tonight at #Swvoracious we've got our house spam, spicy cabbage, dijon aioli. See you there!
We're having a Talent Showcase on Friday, September 16, from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Our weekly hula show is on Saturday at 1 p.m.
RT : and Dirty Harry not to happy about not getting all those undocumented dumocrats. The Dream of America lives on
Is Charlie Culberson married?
: Yeah I need to get that track. It's nice.
Beautiful morning everyone!
Don't forget to set your clocks ahead this sunday, march 11 @ 2am (or the night before ;) - #ConnectedCulture - Please RT
I know! Thank goodness!
ill think about it
Still can't believe it. R.I.P Whitney Hudson
we'll take those two cents! thx!
All I See Is Fireworks
I'm well. how about you?
If Santorum wants to ban all contraceptives, is he willing to pay for the cost of all unwanted pregnancies? At least John Edwards did that!
S/o to for being my little snowball(:
interesting. So what's the next move?
TITANS GO!!!
Aerial Greenpeace protestor strikes at French nuclear site, dropping smoke bomb on reactor
Half of em gay anyway. lol
At the Renaissance in Atlanta interviewing some remarkable women!
rad! much appreciated!
GET LOU WILLIAMS OUT OF THE FUCKING GAME
As I watch TWC #Irene coverage, my inner Floridian wants to buy canned goods, fill tub w water, bring in patio chairs, tape up windows
Oh oh! Thank goodness you sped up to that red light!
Hello Solomon. I love what you're doing man. This is Real-Talk and I love it. Keep up the great work
Happy Friday! RT if you are glad the weekend is here!
whats your thoughts about where you might head come Thursday?
Thanks Tommy!
Ima vegetables & fruit lovers
Anybody have a Google plus invite. Please send to
Thank you God for another great day I pray I would Go Hard 4 U everyday and shine my light for you and you would get all the glory and honor
dont b pesimistc dont b optmistc, b realistic..& dont tell imprssionble kids "you can b anything u want if you dream big". its nt realistic
I'm so tired of sitting in my room and thinking of the worst possible outcomes to this.
it just is<3
Who are you aiming for?
Today is the 75th anniversary of the world's 1st regualr television service. I wonder if that should be celebrated or simply ignored?
just discovered 's stellar work on - someone please stop me before i place an order for every single thing in her shop...
Thanks for letting me interview you tonight. It was the next best thing to having gone to Camp Firewood.
Free Pizzas at The Place, for the first period of the Bruins Game - check out this cool video - "Black & Yellow, Black & Yellow..."
Let's go to Bradford. Jk, it's a mosh pit again.
Ah i might see LaidBack luke<3:
So what's wrong with her leg? Poor baby. I have a golden retriever so understand the dog-love thing. :-)
Conductive Keratoplasty (refractive surgery) uses radio waves to fix the contour of the cornea by shrinking the corneal collagen around it.
I keep sneezing.. :( and it's giving me a bad headache.
Pathetic is the perfect word Gwen! Thank God for half time!
where are y'all
nobody likes you
Ah...an answer within a non-answer! Ha!
omg is she really??
Annoy a Yanks fan:Tell him you saw the most riveting interview of ARod. Turns out, it was just a documentary on paint drying.
Have you seen Kelly Kapowski lately? RT : Mr. Belding put on a few pounds.
I hate not seeing you, but talking to you makes me so happy
Found the wedding dress!!!!!!
Working on new songs.
Happy 420 to :)
Going to was my car :D
you were the first to respond!
If your a Mahomie or a Belieber go follow she will get people to follow you!!!!! <U+2764><U+2764> RT if you did!:)
"Horrible Bosses"
You cant change how it was , or how its gonna be
MRT : Agree! #CareerTL2012 tell resume story with graphic such as a chart or QR code extends brand
Dammit, Biden! I voted for you, quit messing with my trip home!
*mom & me in the car* mom: singing to katy perry part of me loudly me: who sings that song mom: katy perry me: ok lets keep it that way!
When I edit papers, I listen to the same song over and over and over again. This week I've cycled through songs.
totally agree.
Yay! RT : ": can I get a RT for my 32nd birthday?"Happy bday my friend!
CBS: DOJ says: Woosley submitted or caused to be submitted approximately 13 fraudulent travel vouchers to ICE, at a cost of $50,637.
Sup big bro? good luck 2nite
Quick dinner: Almond-crusted baked chicken breasts
Again the #Knicks are playing a 5 on 7 game against the #Heat...these fucking refs are sucking dick hard!
POTUS is sounding more like a philosopher today than ever. Unexpected campaign shift to social justice? #Winning?
another sighting of the cute gtown-going neighbor...but he walks too fast to the metro station! i can never catch up
S/O to :D followback?(:
TUNE!!! RT : I'm glad I'm not the only who thinks the beginning of Rustie's "Hover Traps" is similar to the Seinfeld TV Theme song.
this is true. I can pull. Pete Rose.
#TodayisFRIDAY and here at progressive we are celebrating with free bojangles for our customers! just kidding, but we'll work on that
Glad to hear!!
They needed someone and it was a weak QB class! And yes, feeling much better, thank you.
"Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement,achievement, and success have no meaning."
You're still tweeting to Americans, Lisa! #YouKissYourMotherWithThatMouth? RT : cook is cock in Norwegian... kiss the cock.
you're not getting great weather for your visit! Any time to grab coffee while you're in town?
Chia Seeds: Contain 500% more calcium than milk. Try throwing some in your smoothie!
Council marks World Autism Day with STEPS student art show 4:30-6:30 in City Hall.
Everything happens for a reason.
So jealous! Send us some in #DC!
I'm sorry! you woke me up from the dream where i won Miss Czech....of course in this dream i had my mullet
Watched a GREAT movie last night....."Cadillac Records" The birth of Rock and Roll........good stuff
Bill = ruggedly handsome.
About to see the Avengers with
Thank you to , , for a fantastic shoot. Ithyle please make-out with Hank for me, I hear Angela won't. :-)
Huge congratulations to my wife for getting her second degree, and completing her masters. She is officially smarter than me. Crap.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
#ArtFact: Vincent #VanGogh had an older brother who died at birth. His name was also Vincent van Gogh.
#BlackParentQuotes "can i ge-" "do you have some "can i get" money??? NO SO YOU AINT GETTING NOTHING"
Tomorrow I'm releasing a new video on how to create a "Sales Funnel" for your biz to engage more customers. I use my biz as an example.
"I'LL SEE YOU TOMORROW WITH MY TOOLS FUCKFACE!"
#WhatHurtsTheMost is Jordan Sandman lied!!
My boyfriend comes back tomorrow!!! :D
arent you a leafs fan?
Overeem's lawyer: He's not taking something to be better...he's..a...in good shape...durrr..durr..durr... I've been in lot's of courtrooms.
Matt's signing his life away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Funny story the station had a traffic reporter tryout several years ago I did it and was hard as heck .
A cop talked to me cuz of my cousins -.-
I cant message you untill you follow me...whats your email?
Thanks! Let us know if there is anything we can do for you!
ive been good (: how about youu ?
Happy Cinco de Mayo what do you have cooking for #MamasDay2012?
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
Possibly this week? And def next week!
Still can't believe I missed Cam "Goin' Ham" Newton yesterday!!
I love friendly people. The tone in which things are addressed makes all the difference
maybe you should just take fewer photos?
keep the music alive bb
NYLA Peeps are always well represented so lets keep track of them by posting news & photos w hashtag
FOMO - fear of missing out
I define both "check" and "show" as a figurative, intangible life experience.
do you mind if I use this as my facebook status? Lol
Agreed. And that means (IMO) that libraries need to get better at explaining it. Every time there's an outcry, also an oppty
It's such a great feeling to have people really like something you thought of. Gives me hope that maybe I do have good ideas after all. :P
Please can we put en end to the Marky Mark Muscle Beach Steroid Monster and Jason Statham Bam Bam Kung Fu Karate Crap movies. Please
we just had a good time with our closest friends! Great times.
#FollowFriday Photographers who's work we adore
Great C.S.A.(casting society of America) meeting in NYC last night. Thanks Kate!
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any. ~ Alice Walker
Today is just an awful day.
Love this! You're probably right. What a shame.
Hey! I'm all about advertising. I am. But broadcast tv is out of control. Seriously~ every time I turn on the tube - commercial!
you can delete a tweet if you find a misspelled word in it...... fyi...
If there was ever a player who is awesome in the NBA but would suck in Europe it is Blake Griffin.
check out my graphics on Facebook "Graphic designs done by Tonya Coop" let me know what u think!! Thanks
“: : "you didn't order the metallic pea?"
If Our Hero wasn't devoted to all things wholesome, he'd be devoted to ridding the world of Pearl Jam.
Are you going to #marketmix next week? Stop by the table and say hi.
We've teamed up with our favorite bar !! Buy 5 tans get a free drink, buy 5 drinks get a free tan/upgrade!!
Yes it is..No words can describe it!
I don't understand why women in the 1700s dressed super conservatively, but at the same time, were totally down to be in nude portraits.
must be nice to be live from Germantown...lol
Busy last week getting to do what I love most! Might my singing always be the overflow of what the Lord is doing in my heart.
omg!! Me too!! This is gonna be hard!! :(
all you have to do is let me know I would do it ha ha
thanks for the great article!
Watched & Listened to this morning ... Now getting ready 4
Still all sweetness (promise). Just a little late night, full day of designing, wise girl answer ... #whatdidthemagic8ballsay?
Thats a good idea. lets call the whole raw roster on them.
“: Honestly right now I'm feeling like Eff Da World Don't As Me For SHIT!!!” I feel you girl, same boat here
Holy Thursday worship is one of my favorite times in church. Tonight was absolute joy as we connected around the table as Jesus' family.
lol omg I be have 30 kills 5 deaths u must have bad luck
It's very obvious Morales didn't intentionally hit Rhymes.
soo..i didnt even play and im pissed about the result tonight. 9-0 is not acceptable. i just have to make sure i do my thing tomorrow though
Hi! Please follow us. We sell top-of-the-line designer fabrics way below wholesale price!
I'm not sure, but this may be a result of the new "messenger" app from fb. Look into this to keep your friends ph nos private
actually, I'm vampire hunting. The bus ride is just incidental.
Adele - Chasing Pavements !
I finally cried Las night...
Bert Cooper in pajamas
It's only love, baby, that we're falling in.<3
I know the feelin, those are the worst :( Sending some lovin your way, be strong and think positive ok. xoxoxoxo
We might be. I do think there's a certain generation gap. That's my explanation, anyway. It may just be bad :-)
Working at 10 p.m. on a Friday night...that's usually me, someone has to stack that produce.
I did not even think this was possible, but I had *too* much candy today.
Jim Ross shouldn't have been fired
Here is the #Rockies upcoming rotation: Nicasio (Saturday), White (Sunday), Friedrich (Monday), Guthrie (Tuesday).
#ThatMoment when you notice your bleeding from a scratch or something and the pain starts
You should have done it while everyone was out looking at the space shuttle.
I cry every time, so sad
"Social Listening" is an interesting topic (short-sighted IMHO). If U really want to analyze the conversation, provoke & enable it!
good luck hunting
Glad Kanye changed out of the skirt he was wearing.
RT "Consider any boundaries that you come up against this week as challenges to your imagination."
RT : Music is not a career option.
Goodnight ! Can't Wait For #boyfriend music video!<U+2764>
YES. Hah tell them I said hi :) I love them lol text me sometime!
How about more news about people who want the Beavers to stay, rather than quietly accepting it as PDX baseball's "last chance"?
Some people just don't get the hint, time to drop bombs
I think you're about five years too late.
these demands require me to watch gangland on netflix and take a nap. which were done simultaneously.
Could you follow me? Can we DM? :D
dude I have dl all your mixes/tracks etc from the last year I always keep up w/you thank you for inspiring my sound!!
schoolwork and a callback....maybe a dance class tonight. That's about it :)
Watching Pretty little liars ;D
At least isn't afraid to admit he can't dance!
Grandma Erdmann's punch bowl cookies were, as always, a big hit today at work! :)
Tonight I learned about "cuddle puddles" from Educational evening.
LOL! Thx buddy...one troop at a time. HA!!
OMG. I would like 2 say HAPPY BIRTHDAY :) Have a GREAT one <3 <3 =]
Hey! I was wondering if you were still selling the 'Love Hope Understanding' bracelet, I'd like to get another! :)
Watching the Rock and Roll Hall ceremony on HBO tomorrow night in a whole different light after MCA's passing.
& networking lol “: sitting with at #wcmia yay for new friends!!”
That is insane but impressive.
I'm so excited for today! Co-op and then band practice! Yay! ;)
Happy Monday! Did anyone go see #WARRIOR over the weekend? If so, what'd you think?
Put yourself in a better frame of mind this weekend and experience !
We have the best cheerleaders in the world <3 Go Falcons ;)
- yeah, upset that Rodney won't be on drums in Bloomington, but excited that Bernie Worrell will be on keys.
that sounds great!
Snoring was one thing; half a dead frog w/the legs hanging out of his mouth is another.
Grinding like a skate border
probably within a week or so
It's so darn ironic how the person who gives you the most strength is also your greatest weakness.
Can't wait to get home I finnaly get to play starcraft 2 and crysis ^_^ I may stop console gaming xD
Gladiator could be the best movie ever.
Some things never change
hi from twitter http://
You'll have to translate that box for me,
Mr. President. Stop telegraphing your passes dammit! You filed a Jobs Bill Don't tell em you'll take half loaf now even if you will.
will #Tweet for #PBR :)
People be looking at me weird cuz i wiped my dest with a sanitizer wipe.. tf? That's wtf they're here for.
Breckenridge was amazing!
Thanks for reading!
not supposed to be changed but they have been getting around it, through loopholes. its amazing
“: Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James”
Aw shucks. The whole one, you say!? That's my favorite!
I'm so excited to see , and tonight I could just do a happy dance all day!
Yo Andrew Luck you can afford a better cell phone now bro.
"I must follow the people. Am I not their leader?" - Benjamin Disraeli
#RamdonTweets Im A Vampire!!! True Shiznit
A snitch niggaaaa that's that shit I don't like (bang bang)
We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.
": "You get bored... you just wanna eat." #WeightOfTheNation" bored, sad, stressed...and so on
You know when I said large doses of caffeine didn't affect me? Well, I'm still awake, so some things DO Chanel.
Scissoring huh? RT : just asked me to have babies with her o.O
well guess who the homewrecker is ?
I'm sure he would be honored
Over 3,000 local views a week & growing fast! Make sure to add your EVENTS! We Share Your Posts on Twitter as well
Fantastic news! Also, thanks for PaleyFest. You guys are the nicest TV stars ever.
#NeverShouldYouEver take my love for granted you will not get no other like it nor will you get it just the same.
It is so SO COLD here in tijuana :c
The Return Of The Crazy 2012 its coming
The Help is a great movie everyone should see it !
luckiest team in sports
Thank you Luisa, I appreciate it :)
I'd be shocked if not.
Who is this? Eric?
Curling my hairr!
We'll save that assignment for another day. Just for you! ;-) Hope you feel better soon
seriously, can you tell me what it's about?
slop me with Ben & Jerry's
Change of schedule.
Someday I would love to write my memoirs bout my experiences and family n prob would call it 'The Closet Christian' or 'The Last Generation'
I know, sick of this bullshit. go for the jugular
"She comes to me in my dreams Like a love song And I awake only to hear her go" - "What Can I Say (For Millicent)"
I'll post pictures once/if we get him. Fingers crossed
yea its huge
I think they call that a sabatical
AMANDA IS GONE. THE WORLD IS UPSIDE DOWN.
And it's a fact. Canada is the BEST team in the world!!! #hockey #olympics now must run and catch my bus home from NYC
RT : #wearing sailor stripe tee, wide leg pants, "Martina" orange wedge sandals silver cuff
I put my son in a car seat because he falls asleep right away and gets heavy lol.
i wish would follow me
thanks! You too!
what were the packets for and who was the lady
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! 46
“: If you want it bad enough then you'll put in the work.”
RT : STUFFED BACON, BLACK & BLEU: Burger, stuffed w/ bacon & bleu cheese, topped w/ cracked black pepper. Can you say yum?
your grapefruit soju makes me happy... <U+AC10><U+C0AC><U+D569><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>
I bet you wish you could remember.
absolutely! An adventure!
If you're going rewrite someone else's reported info, at least get the info correct. Copy/Paste would have been more accurate.
With due credit to the sage : it's Sack-Grab O'Clock for the #Caps. Let's go, Boys.
Can I come over & plug my guitar into your PA?
You don't know you're beautiful .
Watched a decent little indie flick called Forget Me Not. Started badly and pulled together relatively well. #Ghoststories Anyone else seen?
Bo :( RT: You are bad luck for the Rangers! No more games for you!
We're closing the office from 11:30-1:30 (Central) today for a special company meeting. We'll return your calls/emails when we return.
What are the odds?!
Off to catch the early train to NYC, should be a great and productive day!
i love you so much
Happy to be aLive today! Thanks God!
I need something to do.
The Monumental Pasta dinner is at the Sheraton City Centre Panorama Ballroom overlooking Monument Circle. Two seatings 5&6pm.
when are you posting the next part
I would say no anyways..no offense but I'm not getting my heart broken again.
I will never say never! I will fight till forever! <U+2665>
Thank 2 everyone who came out last night a lot of love and support 4 ur Boi Dj paul X
Thanks Ronnie for playing Pearcey on the radio again.
Idk - I think a combination of cost, intense-ness of the packet and that they weren't prepared?
“: "I wasn't that drunk.."Dude, you hugged an old guy with a white beard and cried, "DUMBLEDORE, YOU'RE BACK!"” lol
That Jamie Mackey goal may sound the death knell for #ManCity's #EPL championship hopes. Horrible breakdown on D.
my last #night #out in the #city for a few weeks. i'll be back!
That wasnt #Bigfoot they filmed in the woods. #ThatsMyDad stumbling around drunk & shirtless, lookin for a tree to "drain his rooster" on..
Getting a pedicure is pointless..
Hi there, thanks for reaching out. We're all set at this time.
congrats on the new digs, guys! any band space in there? :)
I can't believe I still haven't started Arkham City. I've had it for months now.
I am for sure!! We love you here in Chicago!
“I know three things will never be believed – the true, the probable, and the logical."~John Steinbeck
trying to get a hold of you guys to line up a show or two. What's the best way to go?
Don't talk about marriage, don't talk about marriage, don't talk about marriage.
I still L<U+2764>VE you :)
Branding tip: What experience do you offer to the people that listen to your music that no one else can offer?
RT words to solve Sharon Angle's confusion about evolution: Common Descent. Three words: High School Science
Slow Down & Enjoy Life. It's Not Only the Scenery You Miss by Going 2 Fast…You Also Miss the Sense of Where You're Going, and Why...
In biology. With xochilt and we bout to ve out this bitch in about 20min
Lesson 11 for young leaders. Once you are so good they can't forget you, they will attack you. Shine on! It is about your light.
Are you gonna hire DJ tt126 for your next party?
BIDEN's such a natural talent, he WOULD'VE SIDED with HITLER in 1944.
Just 6 days until an all new season of
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them
RT : #ThatAwkwardMoment when someone says “Hello” and you say “Good, thanks!”
I hope it brews back up again. I love the sound of thunder.
Back from the PDN PhotoPlus Expo in New York. Other than the Canon 1DX there was little new in the DSLR world.
We all love a good walk-off. GREAT GAME
ain't no stopin the storm that's coming!
lol no ... I came at you RIGHT . That's how I felt !
holiday should b celebrated 7 days!
After his newest triumph, a fake account will happen any day now...congrats, buddy!
dollars waiting on a dimes... the Acres has poofs of the dust.
I wanna try chips. I think it's kinda tough for salads raw. Good thing we're eating tonight
Congrats "Late Night WONK" Steve Demarest, our Week 3 #wonk photo winner! We're in our final contest week, so keep the submissions coming.
Dear , we love you more than you could ever imagine. you mean the world to us<3 Love, your #Mahomies<3
what up
Just got the best email from one of our Street Style gals. That just made our day!!!
So excited to be back in Ohio! Home sweet home.
Just biked 2 miles to grandmas house with flat tires cuz she wasn't answering her phone and I need a ride somewhere else... She's not home!
can you find out when you have practice? Please :)
The financial aspect of it involves a lot of things. It's that way because of Title IX. Why pay athletes in non-rev sports?
Unfortunately it's study time... I have a long night ahead of me
Man Vs. Food and thinking about a QT run.
let's follow each other and stay in touch. I would like like that..
I know! Haha Im cracking up right now
Ordering pizza tonight - trying zpizza's new wings.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend like &/or , jk. my friends are better than yours. <3
The best part about living in Texas may be that I don't have to watch the continuous Minnesota Viking collapses every week...
Anyone who tells me their site works best with IE and suggests that it is the only way I can access my account info needs to be bludgeoned.
Tired as heck. Not feelin up to running today this meet will be interesting.
Best cover photo of the year award goes to me
Reasons I pass out paper for teachers; 5% to be helpful. 30% to walk around & talk to friends. 65% to see everyone elses grades.
i need 3 more followers
facebook ac.disable :"{
Whatever, bro. Stop looking at nudie pics at work.
RT : Rick Santorum's childhood nickname was "Mr. Santorum."
going to PuzzleDay at Microsoft
Kobe is not losing this game. S/N: Farragos has a great all day happy hour on Thursday.
Is it just me or is Twitter Buggin cause I can't Tweet Da Right way.
did you really have to tell the whole entire twitter world that I'm on my period?
i don't know bro, they had me at "roasted".
This What I Get For Wishful Thinking...
I was sick a week ago, hope i didn't spread it :P
for real!!!
I had Starbucks for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Amazingly beautiful. Thanks for sharing!
I know, huh! Now I guess I better grow up!
Made it to port Townsend #slog #headwinds #heavySeas #sunburn #safelyInPort!
thank you! YOU'VE been missed!
HIDE N SEEK IN 96th st WALMART THIS SATURDAY!!! Shit just got real people. Who's down?
lol we are trending a bunch of #pornstars lol #IfOnly everyone knew the real meaning of #squirting!
New Fav book: Classy by Derek Blasberg. Amazing must have book all about being a lady.
Man! I'm making all kinds of friends tonight! :)
About to watch the Timberwolves-Blazers game on Get to see some of my favorite players in the NBA: Rubio, Aldridge, Derrick Williams
If I could afford it, I'd bring my snuggie for the day and watch every one of them.
Writing a paper on the Truman Doctrine while watching Science of Dogs.
Or at least the East Coast huh?! Lol RT : can u bring it to NY next Jamil
Thanks to Whitney Houston my kids are now afraid of the bath
I have the best boy friend in the world! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
This guy in my class sounds exactly like Charlie Day. Please talk more, you make me smile.
Beer before liquor, never been sicker. Liquor before beer, do it in the rear....or something.
They say it's a broken heart, but I hurt in my whole body
lol your so cute oh and don't forget jasras u.freeware lol
save me some
You have a cool job, you know?
Pure awesomeness.
Thanks for the shout out! CHEERS!
I had So much fun last night! THank You
taking it easy for the night...
I don't notice Levi's ads since. I avoid anything I can get at Sears. Was it any good?
Aww hell! Its Friday! Trouble time
You said "Thx for following." and i'm saying yw :P
Declarations committee unveiling the list of demands
#ICantStandWhen people ignore me:/
You ain't. Gotta nough. Money.
Morning from Chicago, we are supposed to hit 75 degree's today!
so sorry!
We are not one and the same, nigga i'm fucking insane
"Have faith in your dreams, and someday your rainbow will come smiling through. –Cinderella"
Oh now I see. #Follow Saturday
It is about 80 degrees in the newsroom right now. I might need to set up camp in the machine room.
Money talks...but all mine ever says is good-bye.
it was great meeting you. I will send my pictures soon. That's the problem of not having data access while traveling.
It's all fun & games until someone farts
Heading put on a jet plane don't know when we'll be back again... #Tampa xoxo
I have the best hubby in the world who did the kids morning routine with them and let me sleep in AGAIN
#MyBiggestProblem is figuring out a career when I'm good at so many things. Does being a professional narcissist pay well?
Any Wisconsin and/or Milwaukee bands heading to #CMJ this year? Looking to shoot photo/video at the fest
Well it wouldn't be a nano, but it would certainly be pretty small production. ps. I wouldnt be the one buying it, ha.
Listening and watching a great webinar from Watch out for my blog post about it!
Ringing in the new year building new features! Wait till you see what we're cooking up!
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B-) I cantt waiittt !!!!!! And are you gonna rap in the song??? :-D 3
I love you !
#ThoughtsAtWalmart I'm going to the dollar tree
Saw some edited scenes. Looking good. Can't wait to share our film with everyone.
Celtics trying to literally steal one in Toronto
Hope everyone is making it through their finals! Only a couple days to go...
You got it! now share the Love :)
Started day with a walk and then some music/singing. Now shopping. Unemployment's sometimes ok... :)
well there's probably no way I'd be able to find you haha, tweet me after and maybe we can find you guys!
Heading to bootcamp with for a challenging Monday morning sweat! #myfitnessforrmula is Union station!
The voice results better hurry up, bc I just took my pm's in my tea... Let's hope I make it.
WOW!!! #desperatehousewives is going out w/a bang, loving this final episode!!! Gonna miss this show...but its time has come 2 an end:(
Time for my whiskey coffee instead. Super Mom potion.
Humidity is so misleading. "oh it's cloudy out I'll grab a sweatshirt" - psych it's 90 degrees.
I want to dream that dream but I still need a working MySQL driver for Django…
What does DSU do for marketing content?
This game is nerve wrecking
Its taker a shower while sitting in a chair like a handy capable person tuesday
Thanks to everyone who attended my re-election kick off fundraiser yesterday evening and making it a great success!
10 More Stubborn Food Myths That Just Won’t Die, Debunked by Science? -
my mom just parked in the expectant mother parkin lot...only thing she's expectin is a ticket.
FAKE SHIT HUH
I'd not tweet 90% sexual. I omit tons because it doesn't fit the 'theme'. I feel like my creative side has no outlet.
Its 5 oclock in the morning :)
Just got home from class, waiting on the wife so we can a tasty dinner
Was the drop in CBS's March Madness views/users made up for by the $3.99 subscription for online content?
You can use bigger ones, too. They don't have to be the Air chargers.
"It's #cincodemayo and I don't have a margarita yet!”
you gotta watch from the beginning #weeds, thorough show
Sporting a faux-fu/handlebar mustache today in honor of baseballers like Rollie Fingers, Dennis Eckersley, etc.
Awe, thanks for the offer, but I'm good. Troy is able to go. If he can't make my brain scan appt. I'll let u know ;)
I'm literally so confused as to why this is not like facebook.
is playing February 25th, it's a saturday! 8 bucks in advance, 10 bucks at the door! Bring your friends!
that's the problem!
What a day...
Rise and shine...Mavs parade today!!
2 more hours -.-
Thanks for posting that Santa Cruz PBR video, much appreciated.
A Latin Media Guru is a talented and motivated individual that drives the Latino and Media community to higher heights.
We just got in mud-flap lady silhouette decals. 2 piece sets for right and left side of window/car. 1/2 price. Only $3.00 a set.
i'm an expert at sharing, graduated top of my pre-k class in fact
Wouldn't it be sweet to have some inspirational lady entrepreneurs at my launch party? Whattayasay, ? Come to Minneapolis? :)
every time i treat my mom bad, i think of the days when i wont have her and how i should appreciate her.
Make that "Toasty Torpedo" not "Toasy"
My kids, younger than 8th grade, are in touch with reality and they know that a woman's right to liberty are inevitable.
Absolutely. Discreetly. In the men's room. // RT : If your tie contravened a members' club's dress code, would you remove it?
Blog Break cancelled for tomorrow. Ashley is ill. We will let you know a rescheduled date. So sorry.
heading to google ;-)
lol, swear I thought the same thing
Print1Media received it's "Ambassador of the Month" award at Plainfield's Member Luncheon, so nice to be appreciated for all your efforts!!!
We are anxious to see you as well :)
#ghlive I don't think my tweets are coming theu. :(
always the clever one, I see. Or not, because I'm blind!
Really enjoyed the "Animals" piece. And the subtle, blink-and-you-missed-it WC Heinz homage felt like a knowing wink.
if you take skin tone as "orange" (most of those examples aren't egregiously bronzed), it's hard to avoid because of the sky/water
What's your Facebook???(:
You can't on one hand complain about an achievement gap and on the other choke off supplemental ed. funds for poor kids.
Ewww robbie just ate a huge spoon full of mayonese
I just picked up the album! I love you
My 8 year old sister is on the phone with her friend talking about boyfriends < Smh.
~i'm working on stuff for my presentation and communications class online, while watching the Orange Bowl.
That TFA article I tweeted raises some grave concerns. Community building...relationship building...how can these be done w/in-out TFAers?
Your moves? I'm so confused.
hey cody let me know a new cover is coming out very soon :)
Not sure what to order? Call Jeff at 312-320-5862. He IS The Soap Guy!!!
you gon make me hop on dis bitch & take a twitpic lbvvs
To live is to fear, to fear is to hate, to hate is to learn and to learn how not to fear, that's living life to its fullest. Embrace fear.
We will be in NYC May 4th- 5th performing! More details to come!
ah dilemmas
Who needs a huge & fabulous 4 b 2 ba condo in North Center (Chicago)?! Your kids can go to Coonley! Message me for details.
Thanks for all your submissions! Keep them coming, site launching in March!
Dnt you hate when you fresh out the shower and all of a sudden you gotta shit!!!
Good night :)
Hey can I borrow the 2nd book in the #HungerGame series? Pa Pa Please!!!!
Pussy Dropper :D
Working on Orlando & Miami now... Send us a message with your address & we can get that shirt out to you this week!
Try Reign, Velvet Room, Opera, if you want a hood ATL Experience, Central Station
Happy Birthday :) Hope you have a great day and can't wait for your new album!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> Miss you girls! Happy Valentines Day!!
Thank you for the mention! Hope you are enjoying this lovely Miami weather!
Happy Father's Day! Sending out a big hug and a pat on the back to all you dads out there!
Congrats to your son! I'll pass the word on.
my mom says thanks!
best wishes&a happy new year from europe,germany!I l<U+2665>u so much!Just saw a shootingstar,pls fulfill my dream&follow me!ILOVEYOU
Goin to find some mess to get into with Kaitlyn ! Let the ignorance begin !!
Gladwell says, #CFB is just a game. "Replace it with another game!" (he suggests Monopoly)
Kristen. I see you're online.
For heading structure, I usually check with WebAIM toolbar.
I'm wondering if we are marketing content or contenting marketing.
and we all believe that one!
“: There is always that one girl in your grade that is obsessed with horses.” dude this reminds me of Katie haha
Ready to see these grabs!
Sing all hail, what'll be revealed today when we peer into the great unknown, from the line to the throne?
Aww...you're an absolute sweetheart and a wonderful daughter. I love you too! Thanks for the kind words!
It is official. I am holding our vendor passes. Three Heads is going phishin'. See you in Watkins
. shouldn't open his mouth until he pays his child support.
Tis the season for heartache, disappointment, REALITY CHECKS, and finally realizing who people really are :(. Not a good day by far.
And just like that, we make a game out of it.
I respect their opinion and they are entitled to it but I'm also entitled to completely disagree with it. Bummed me out momentarily
Fickle Pickle is so fun to say! xD
"I fly because it releases my mind from the tyranny of petty things." - Antoine de Saint-Exup<U+FFFD>ry
Welcome, stop by the office for coffee ": Touch down in New York. What a day, what a city"
Happy Birthday Sweetheart...hope u have a goodtime...where the party at
Great recommendation. Thank you!
Thankful to my 1st & 3rd grade tchr Mrs Muller-Gaydos who taught me 2 read & taught my mom 2 stop doing my homework
Cleaning the studio. It's long overdue for a scrubbing.
Jane, is there a link where I can learn the days/times/and protocol for participating in #lrnchat?
Thank you so much for the S/O in the latest e-News abt why I am a Democratic.
Craving Sushi? Who said Happy Hour couldn't start @ 10pm? Join us :-)
Trying to convince our teacher to turn on Man U vs Man City #please <U+26BD>
They are vaccinating children in to chronic illness to protect against a handful of truly deadly but mostly nuisance diseases.
“ Get to know a person before you put your heart in it, If you dont you'll end up loving them for the wrong reason”
I have dinner date. How about Tues? Hotel bar or wherever's convenient! Happy hour starts anytime after noon. :)
When Girl's Put To Much Make - Up .
School Softball game latr
Glad you liked hipmunk, thanks for your mad meeting planning skills.
lol no you did not
Q7 Enhancing job & career services
Did u know there r only 50 different words in "Green Eggs and Ham"? Only "anywhere" has more than 1 syllable.
DJ Harry Sutton spinning at Diva tonight!
I can't sleep most nights cause I don't really know what I want out of my life
Don't drive through DTLA right now. Yust no do it!
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE GO TO CLASSICAL TOGETHER
You shouldn't eat gluten because it has a name like gluten.
Hoping xboxlive Gold would be free, because of all the advertising now !! And, now gaming companies are charging for servers
So glad we watched The Descendants last night!
Are you sad often?
Hardin didn't seem to make the same mistakes w/Novitsky that Bonds team made (unflappable, so Hardin avoided attack) (cont)
I think my students invented a new adverb today: "Juxtapositionally." So much handier than "In juxtaposition to..." Actually. No. It isn't.
Testimony done for day in punishment trial of Jule Bronson, who ran over toddler in yard while drunk. Prosecutors should wrap up tomorrow.
im fine just tired :) . Im so happy to see that some guys are mahomies too :)
but he's your bitch!!
DJ Frisko Eddy, DJ Cinco, DJ Santana & DJ Martin Kache bring the beats this Saturday for LMP Coast to Coast Edition!
thanks! it was a pleasure talking with you all
Enjoying the beautiful weather in Hazleton, PA! Thank you Jesus! JOEL 3:10!
THE AVENGERS IS SO GOOD BEST ACTION MOVIE I'VE EVER SEEN SCREAMING OMFG
never again microsoft
Paterno's legacy has been chosen for him.
in spanish this is soo dry. what am i doing. im bored af..
Great. Let us know when its ready!
Thomas Peters~ The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity.
Power outage in Johnson County. Lots of unhappy people if it is not back on by game time.
how far is mesa from Scottsdale?
On behalf of Patty, Aiko tweets :I learned this word today. "food".
What can we do? put the pressure on the system to change it
I can do this. A week and a half left and I'm home for summer
LISTEN HERE YOU COCKSUCKER! I MAY BE STUBBORN, I MAY BE STINGY, BUT I A NOT A POMPUS CRITIC! DONT YOU BURDEN MY NAME LUKE HILL!!
Sometimes it weirds me out when I randomly come across people blogging or posting pictures of me or that I took. I could never be famous.
Every. Single. Spot. In the new Hampden Giant parking lot is full.
Just got home from school! go follow my co owner account ! :)
#ff Jazz Institute of Chicago partners with the Drake for #NextGenJazz. We're so excited about the partnership and the series!
For 2012, we resolve to teach even more people what it means to be an #Upstander. What are your #resolutions?
wantt some help
Don't charm to harm, unless,you want to!
Go follow new account please ! ! :p
WAY excited for 's new west coast tour dates<3
Thanks for the follow GET MONEY
Goodnight guys.. xox
Thank you, sir.
thanks for the FollowFriday love! Right back at you!
Celly- Short for celebration often used in the sports world after scoring a goal. It's not a party; rather a brief expression of joy.
All out atthe buffet with the , faculty, and fellow students & alums for the Florida State reception!
The sun just broke through the clouds - we're on at 2pm in Eastern Market!
Sub four hours. So delightful.
I was in Santa Monica, Ca today. Why do all the pedestrians carry yoga mats?
no I wasn't able to see who did do I had to re add my love... But I added u bak lol
Ever thought about making Cpanel use free? $10 monthly is a lot. Many places offer it for free or just $5 monthly.
Running in the 4x100. Are you kidding me?
haha ok and yeah I had the perfect picture of u saying that in my head:P
Driving outta my way to the good beer store only to find that they're out of Brother David makes me can-kicky ( #boontlingo)
you never know how much you may be helping.
Ataulfo mango and macademia nut S'mores at over a campfire, haha.
Whats the biggest problem you think that needs to be solved between parents and teachers?
thanks Dan! :)
Busy day today. Hopefully will get it all done and get caught up. On a different note...I hate wearing pants... EROCK
Looking for a good mobile phone app creator on equity basis. If you know someone...
that's real shit g gone mke them A+
Yes, I have heard you can use a paper towel as a coffee filter if in a pinch, but I have not tried it. Hope u get ur coffee!
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom. Euripides
Focused like a laser. That is me today.
a big man will ejaculate in your rectum shortly
Looks like JoePa needed football to live. This reminds me of a wife dying within a day or two of her husband passing.
I think Go-Sees are like doctor's appointments. U get an app. at 10:40 & wait around only to be seen at 12:20. Anyways, just had a great 1!
I will see you on November 19.Hope we can take pictures together.
Downtown is INSANE! And 's mother is driving like a madwoman to get us outta here!
Haha awe! Well keep your head up and find someone worth your while, you don't deserve to settle. Just keep an eye out :)
song "Tonight (Best You've Ever Had) just does something to you; I absolutely love it
oops! Latin for persona=mask.
Ah, alas, not quite yet. Maybe (hopefully?) at some point in the future =D
Ha! Not sure. A laugh if we're lucky.
Seriously, when did Ryan Gosling start writing Obama campaign emails?
we love MIKE MODANO
thanks Laura!
Hi everyone! Happy to be here :)
Four season relationship: Faithful in Fall .. With them in Winter.. Sneaky in Spring .. Single by Summer !
oh. Is that like some different language or something?
R.I.P to a good friend Kathryn Moroney :( you will be missed.
Was I ever! I was naughty, and it was yummy going down. Then, nature took its course and I paid my penance!
submitting my video manana yikes
Everyone's telling me to ride the Mr.Freeze tomorrow... D:
That is a seriously cryptic tweet... not sure if you have insider FTP info or are quoting a brutal fortune cookie
Bout to bring back my dayton ways with
I need to get some new friends. Ignorant people on facebook are a bit ridiculous.
Bacaro restaurant on Union street in LA was AWESOME!
Thanks for the follow.
Been working so much I'm having nightmares about it.
did I seriously just lose my voice?
#saturdaylibrarian...doors open in 30 min
so about the twilight porn for girls "50 shades of grey" convo last night. Got an e-mail about it today?
No motivation to finish this paper that's due at 8 am. I have about 15 minutes left and I just can't bring myself to do it.
1 more day. Friday...BRING IT!!!!
Kind of glad I was overwhelmed with my own work stuff & largely missed the national political storm of the day
#smh to that also
Mo Monday!! Let me hear you.
How you doing
follow and please :D x71
...Rickie Weeks has more walks than hits so far this season. Bottom line: the offense is obviously better than these early stats...
when short people go to the tall water fountain
awesome song :)
#DontCallMeIf you know I can't stand you!
Saw a mitt romney sticker and it may or may not have been on my car..
Not sure exactly how can deny the accuracy of #GameChange when the McCain staffers say the book/movie reflect reality..
M coffee.
Giving himself a Black Eyenga?
#TheSadMomentWhen even though at one time they were your everything, you realize that now your their nothing
Tmrw night Xanthos Ensemble give the Boston premiere of my #VanGogh piece, la tristesse durera toujours at So cool!
apparently this is also the standard policy at Netflix and "other forward-thinking corporations."
Well sorta. Illinois cleared death row and stopped executions, but it may still be legal if unused.
wait till i see you again, you gonna hate me again
Future Juniors! Interested in Autumn Capers?! Our introductions meeting will be next week in Mrs. Reyes' room, so be SURE to attend! :)
hey lady! Did you get my email that your book came into ?
listened to #CAT11 East talk again preparing to share with community group tonight, it's really awesome, thank you.
@ the Why Did I Eat That launch in Brooklyn
Thrilled to hear it, Mino. So, you got your copy back?
Ugh u don't feel good:/
going hard
You too. Have a great day :)
Photoshoot with today. wouldn't let me put 3D glasses on the Lego lions, but we still had fun.
My parents always decide to make family plans when i already have plans with my friends...
why was it best for you not too come out?<3
fight fight fight!
Football's one win away from winning the Sun Belt Conference and a first ever bowl bid. It's great to be an FIU Panther...
Days like today I could have really used one of those car periscope things from Curb Your Enthusiasm.
I'm pretty sure Code Racer is the opposite of a good tool
Are you crying? No. I'm trying out my new waterproof mascara.
I forgot it was Friday.... #Austream day<3
think those storms tomorrow will hold off until after 2pm?
Official partnership with the Napa Chamber to be announced. Listen in right now on KVON 1440 or go to KVON.com and click "listen live."
Looking to connect with artisans who would consider adopting children one day....
thanks Nate! hope your semester in Beijing is going well!
10 miles! Only 15 training days left until the Austin half Marathon!
10p I think - straight to aloft
chilling at Rallys , Wassup wit you
Mr.D's Painting for all of your home renovation and painting needs.Interior / exterior we do it all.Call us for a free estimate 619-562-5848
at the empty bottle in chicago this Friday night releasing their new beautiful record.
He got a very stern raise of the eyebrow.
an a free appetizer. And it lasts all week. They must be struggling
growin an learnin. one day at a time.
Yeah John Carroll is awesome.... I love all people... Especially those who blow vike and accuse people of stealing. Fuck these kids.
Watching "Welcome to Sweetie Pie's" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
what's good bruh!?
your housekeeping staff would take care of that.
. test presses in the house! sounds so smooth
I liked how Giambi mashed it, most went crazy but my buddy just sat there. HA! In yo face!
They should be good and saturated after Holdredge got through with them. And sent all his taunting pics.
This game has gone down the crapper
or barca, but people ride their dick a lot too lol
stayin single is the way it's gone be. Now I can really Flirt
Happy thanksgiving!!! Just had amazing dinner with family <3
Normally I'm a mojito girl, but you can't have a derby without a julip!
Thanks, you're very kind to say so. ;)
DesignerEco Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
you asked me to follow you, so now i am. sorry it took me a while, i dont get on twitter a lot.
Gingrich: "Only I can go 'toe to toe' with Obama" has not seen his dick in years, NO MAN could go toe to toe with him.
Loved it
it's going okay because I've hit the follow/following limit and I don't have to keep going back to find people to follow
4sho. Stay tuned qt pie. I got it all on deck.
Enjoying the show about high rise buildings East of the River in DC!
I'm a big fan of your work! Big Fan! I hope to one day have you in a class or workshop!
Said I'd never do Twitter, yet here I am.
Just heard the heartbeat!
Heading out in June to TM on their just-announced tour with and ! Stoked
Last night, I had a dream about a dream... about you..
is Jessica Walter more like Lucille Bluth (ArrestedDevelopment) or President Garcia-Thompson (PCU) in real life?
Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" book release on schedule&should be available before the workshop tour Pink Slip"Taking Back Our Lives"
Somebody's head is going to roll in North Korea because of their rocket exploding. Would hate to be the one who messed up.
Flirtationship: More than a friendship Less than a relationship!
MIssed you last night! Hope TJ is feeling better!
Clark County Fair. Comfort Inn Vancouver. Just 5 mins from fairgrounds Book online @ www.comfortinn.com/hotel/wa198
In A Lot Of Pain Atm, But I'm Sure I'll Get Through Okay, Atleast My Son Is Fine
It used to be that scandals were comedy gold. This era will be looked back upon with scorn for its meekness and obedience.
Manu lookin like Jon Barry from behind
If only I knew the answer to that, I'd write a tween romance novel centered around whatever it is and let the $ roll in.
Who else is going to be in Bellevue / Redmond next week? We are organizing a dinner! (cc: )
Dad went to Tampa today, wanted him to take me with him but go to Miami and drop me off so I could see
This is something i've thought about. They may win themselves out of a great lottery when they still need parts
Woohoo...close to getting our new web site up!
All black everything. Gametime.
then I'd say gin & tonic
Creative Commons is investing up to $100K to empower individuals and communities to share knowledge and information, deadline: June 30.
Just did a great Business Workshop with fab fellow actor Kari Nissena! Great ideas, especially on Producing, Cold Calling, and IMDb!
hahah yea. That Target is like my second home!
Are you high when build gazebos?
Let me get up.
Bad day :(
...big changes are coming...call mem to find out.
thanks! Same with me. I can't devote an entire weekend but I wanna drop by and see everyone. What time does it start tomo?
maybe I just dig transformers references by random computer nerds. Geez.
Don't call it a comeback, I've been here for years. #5thyearsenior RT : Holy crap there's a giraffe running around campus!!!
any results from Williamsburg vote?
I am also finding that testing out an iPad for a few days poses a dangerous risk towards productive dissertation writing
I'M OPEN!
After a full day at the Las Vegas airport I think I am going to leave this madness
My brotha love you USO! love you bro and it was good seeing you!
in 1 word describe you experience on true blood as sophie-anne lecerq?
I wasted time, and now doth time waste me. William Shakespeare
"In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins- not through strength but by perseverance."
R Westbrook last nt was 7th player in last 2 yrs to shoot 0-for-10 FG or worse. The poor shooter's team has won 6 of those 7 gms.
We have vouchers for a 1month supply of Advair for FREE! That's a savings of $124.90.
Jason Hamilton will always be one of my heroes. He was clever, he was a role model + he was punk in a sea of mainstream gossip faggotry
Have two extra tickets (great seats) to tonight's #ShuffleCulture show at Any takers?
she's so beautiful ..
Astros and Former Shell Executives to Address Houston CPA Society Conference
#Add us on #facebook before it turns into
Wine peeps, which app should I get to use with cellartracker for iPad: cor.kz or CellarVU?
Radish 4 prez RT : Right now the Olive Garden salad bar offers better choices than the Republican Party.
No worries the game is being replayed right now! haha
You can still get tickets to the Imagine event that we are producing - Cleveland's Crusade to Cure MS www.IMAGINECLEVELAND.com
your definatley a 10. I was going to say something else but i sorta forgot lol
Thanks Sean-David - thanks for the recommendation
Sad to think that voters don't notice the current flood of "No energy taxes" commercials are funded by the very Corps. that will be taxed
Salutations to everyone is following me! And I most highly appreciate it!
packed and shipped off tea gift baskets today, now to pack and ship family gifts...maybe after a cup of tea :)
#Oomf Sucked me up in school today -__-
Time Warner Cable =)
FREAKY.....love you with our without spirits around you.
Lol you don't have too :P
Tonight the Rangers, Knicks, and Mets all lost
Darwin didn't give enough credit to his predecessors including his own grandfather.
Recording vocals
#Celtics is now a scary team leading into the playoffs... #Heat got to bring their A game in the east...
Indycar timing and scoring sucks.
School doesn't start for another hour... Why am I here do early?!
Glad to hear the Pats signed a former UB Bull..Trevor Scott and I now have something other than the New England football in common..
We're playing tonight at 6:30 at the Banchee Theater in Burbank CA! Its Free !
I think I have only been on time to first period. Twice.
“: Leaving CNN after taping a contentious interview with Piers. NBC confirms G Zimmerman's attorney : George & Robert haven't spoken.”
hm.. sure didnt say anything sweet back.. lol im glad yu like it
Been in the library since 2. Its 2 again... 6 hourss til the test..FUCK SLEEP, gotta do it all over again after too..haha....
Hey Zuri, follow back please? :D
MY wedge sandals is bad (: Ima wear thm 2 my shower
instincts baby! Ps come hang with me!!!!
Oh no, we've lost Jeff to the darkside!
getting lead is the worst feeling ever
o really? Hmm i hardly go to bars
I need my hair done
Way to much wlking for a sunday ...time to go home? I think so
Guess no lesson was learned from naming the ipad...
understandable :-) Just know that we're here when you're ready.
it's super easy!! take a package of oreos (use only 36) and mash em up, mix it with a package of cream cheese, roll into balls
is lying! There is a second season, in which I'm going to appear in!
Seriously. The emotional drama cracks me up. We're in deep doodoo when they hit the tween/teen years.
wine & words, a wonderful combination ...
Hey , you should get on twitter so we know that you're still alive.......
YOU'RE THE BEST! I WISH THERE WERE MORE RESTAURANTS LIKE URS W/ ORGANIC INGREDIENTS, AWESOME TASTE, GREAT PRICE!
Is McEwen beer still being made?
can't tell That would hurt lots of ppl here sorry
Halftime over, Madonna was fun to watch (53 people!). Can I go back to downton abbey on netflix now?
RT : 80% of Americans read labels for things like calories, fat, sugar, and salt, but 44% buy it, regardless of what the label says.
Why do I all was lose #1follower I feel like everybody hates me <U+E411><U+E411><U+E411><U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
Where did the fortune-teller go on her vacation?To Palm Beach.
I know I shouldn't still be upset about this, but I can't help myself. I wish we could go back and change everything.
I get that! Computer I bought 2 yrs ago in Nanaimo died recently;grateful hubby got a Kindle Fire 4 Xmas. Slow, but serviceable.
Hanging out with elizabeth ! :D
i wanted to go see nevershoutnever at austin today!!:/
Lola Monroe
lol ok fine, lets be friends. HI.
I love everlasting gobstoppers, thank you
naww :S just take your ipod and sleep <3 i usally do that when mum picks a borring movie xo
Packing, packing, packing and more packing. Getting ready for the move :)
Saying goodbye to your close friends for something ridiculous is getting hard:(
True! I must analyze data & make prediction. But if data r not predictive -> nothing any human/analysis can do. So data do contrib
Well in this case it would be several...uh...several, several times. ;)
Rest in peace Christopher Hitchens: You were smart, articulate and fearless. We will miss you.
<U+200E>***UPDATE***ROCK THE INK ALBUQUERQUE WILL BE AT EXPO NEW MEXICO OCTOBER 14-16 IN THE LUJAN COMPLEX.
lol why not I like to get your input just to know how far can I go, because I will do it when you least expect it
u guys really went to erin for parade?
RT-walking to Morrissons in the rain/// perfect...unless of course you were listening to Morrisson in your ear buds
There are worse problems to have. It can't rain all the time.
I don't know if gets that hot in Portland, but a mango paleta when it's 90+ degrees out trumps everything.
11 year old sister's boyfriend broke up with her because she's "too nice." Poor kid...he obviously doesn't know she has 4 older brothers
LMAO! I love when you go hard on people booboo!
I bit my tongue , I have a cut on my lip . And now I need floss
Using animal abuse as a title for a speech about anything but animal abuse is bad form.
Only 8 more full days of school! Yes praise da lord jesus
practiced yoga today with Antonio Banderas.
www.mediaplaynice.com. Still working to make life a little easier.
Word nerd Factoid: The study of eggs is called oology (pronounced roughly “oh-ol-uh-jee”).
I know everybody has an opinion, but I'm pretty sure I'm right on this one: Cats will never be as cool as Dogs.
thanks! you r really helping me! you helped my friend find PB and C last year!!!
Downloaded Nike + GPS application on my iPhone and it maps my runs, tracks the progress, tells averege pace and calories burned! Very cool!
as you should be
Hey GP...Are we on your favorite list? ;)
Watching Harry Potter, third one this week. I wish I was a wizard.
you are always happy and positive that's why I love you XOXO
the best thing i inserted into any orifice in my entire body today was a pack of mini eggs. (im not getting any more specific.)
oh, i saw that and i was like O.o?
": <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> No one likes me." Lol my life
Congratulations on a great season You guys made us proud and will be stonger next season.
#bandsilove Dave Matthews Band
Watching AAGL Events now
Niche Dating - Finding Needles in Haystacks
hey i just met you and this is crazy but you're annoying as fuck
Okay think about it :) I dyed my hair it looks just slightly lighter (:
great to meet you too! happy to have some more cool folks join the ATX lifestyle
Gettin my learn on, working towards that first promotion.
That sounds awesome! If you know anyone who is good with sewing I am sure that they could do something like that pretty easily!
KD didn't hit the three double OT
Fuck You Suck Me !
Home, Where i can look ugly and enjoy it.
I would love to win tons of miles from !
RT : Innovation, experimentation, risk & failure, tech, independent thinking are entrepreneurial trademarks.
Not that complex. Just storing one value at a time in the field.
Can't sleep >__<
Wow. Never a dull moment with Axford on the mound. Brewers win. Brewers win.
i dont deserve this . but then again , life is unfair .
It's really weird to say your own name...
why is the question tho?
Baseball league claims contract faulty, sues law firm - Chicago Tribune
LOL- Glad to know there's a difference. I feel a bit better now :)
The retina display on #Apple's new #ipad has you seeing crystal clear? Let open your eyes to the coolest app developers around!
weekends would be best but if not, Thursdays and Fridays. /cc
I approve so hard <3
big android UI update today. So cool! So distracting! So confusing!
what happened? Your guys were up when I went to put my kid to sleep
Take me to your best friends house......
i dunno about you, but saying ROLF instead of ROFL is hilarious.
#Bitch please! I can wipe off 90% of your 'beauty' with a wet towel
Folks have begun uploading some really good images/stories on the revamped houstonitsworthit.com. There's always room for more....
You See What We Did Last Saturday! Now Come See Whats Next At #Obsessions Saturday! Everybody $1 All Night!
lmao only dinner!
Yes. I wish more presentations were live online. I can't afford to come but I can Tweet, Facebook, Google+, etc.
Me-ah-me...Are you from there? I was born there actually (can't reply to ur direct message unless you follow me)
e-harmony proves that even people who wear shorts, dress socks and sandals CAN find true love.
Saying "no" before someone finishes their sentence.
I guess I really did upgrade :)
I hear that homie!
I punched a hole in the wall in my rage... now i have to make a list of the drowned and how to appraise them...any ideas?
aww thank you I edited it myself~Monika
Wearing your cowboy boots to Panera again? RT : Lady outside Panera tells me "I like to sing country music, I really do."
Delicious Mexican food in Merced. Visual contact w mtns
If you're okay with odd, comic, wry, clever, fantastic fiction, I'd recommend 'Johannes Cabal the Necromancer.'
Amazing day in DC- walked across the city and took it all in
He actually spelled loser correctly. Color me impressed.
regular season baseball is only a week away!
making the private world public, that's what the poet does. - Allen Ginsberg [Goodnight friends. It's time to think... :)]
Geek Alert! Leonard Nimoy is going to be on an episode of The Big Bang Theory! Cool!
1. You'll like this: Portland's Bagdad Theater live-screened the last season of BATTLESTAR & one night had Mark Verheiden...
They are dredging the Hudson River for PCBs directly across from us...bright light and noise 24-6...air quality monitor in our yard...fun!
Welcome new followers , , , , , & 5 star blogger
Let's get to 500 followers tonight!!! RT if you love
I wish #duke and #unc could both just lose.
Good morning world! I'm on a Christmas hangover... IT WAS A GOOD 1!!! Back to reality. Enjoy your day.
I tried it, but couldn't get my code to work. Have you found any nice (video) tutorials?
Good! Not sure what my following will reveal but early in a.m. I often read tweets from Ireland, England, Scotland.
oh my , I FEEL YOU! hahaha x)
TV is chewing gum for the eyes - Frank Lloyd Wright
Mahdd a** hell
follow me please :)followed
Happy Birthday to ME! :)
no problem! Anytime.
Things I love more than most people I know: stars, macaroni, snowy winter nights, warm summer nights, books, and the smell of sunscreen
So.Indiana was hit hard with tornados feel blessed new albany was passed but sad for pekin and henryville.
I'm happy today! Yeah !!!
how long is this contest going for?
is the only person I have on my private friends list that I check 24/7 because the tweets are just too good.
So, Tuesday. Yeah. Um, where the hell did the day go?
": great team win to close out the series, on to round 2...i will be better!" - that's what I like to hear!!!
you foul fuck
wonders how it can be 88F in Seattle and 66F here in LA.
yes!“: Don't know when lineup is coming out, but RR has to start Gomez tonight and rest the struggling Morgan, right? #brewers”
every dollar is an employee make them work for u, you're life is a business as well, run it as such!
thanks for the follow u should book Dj for an event
So thankful that the sun is out!! Makes being not sick even better!
We are now resuming the IAP Crafts panel with app # 130093 Scott F.
the GOP race will go to the convention!!! I believe that Santorum is the only candidate that stands a chance against Obama! BAGGAGE
At least yours is take-home! I'd be pumped about that!
"Slow Show" - The National ---- AmAZing song!
The moon is beautiful
A2: I can't think of any specific "bad" words, but avoid sounding desperate, rude, overly casual, and typos! Typos kill!
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground"- T.Roosevelt
I wanna girlfriend so when im hanging with friends, i can point to her and be like "thats my girl." <U+2665>
Ha thanks! Yes, I did and it was beautiful. I love the moon.
I run this & ya'll know that. I take the purple & pour that, all in the sprite, all in the sprite!!
When was the last time you had popcorn? Today is National Popcorn day, tweet some great popcorn recipes or facts to share with us!
Choneese ! What time are you coming home ?!?!
FYI- we did make it to the cell phone lot. Jerk.
Rainbows + Yogurt = heaven in a cup! Come get some Fruity Pebbles flavored froyo at our Porter Square location :)
AGREE. One big sales pitch. RT : If you ever have the opportunity to go to a Skill Paths seminar, don't.
heh, I'm surprised it isn't carrots today.
Fuck. Migraine off and on most of the day. Isn't helping my foul mood.
It's a joke , not a dick. Don't take it so hard .
Ok fine, Ill check u out. Stop lurking around my dreams, already.
Kris Boyd with a header. So close!!!
we took over sage for 's birthday.
What are the chances that an 18-year-old music video on VHS would sync with a digital remix? Pretty good, it turns out.
<3 :) Haha yes you are the first love! :D
Good Day my tweet peeps!!!!!
RT : City plans to suspend its redevelopment reform committee until the state courts figure out the future of the program....
sending clothes, shoes, etc.. to developing areas damages their economies. Don't send stuff, invest and let them grow
wht you doing tomorrow night? im at home too i got in and i just got in bed and im still here.
Finally caught up on Game of Thrones! The tension is building and the show gets better and better!
The way things have been going Lamar has Vermont right where they want them
Woo! Thanks for sharing!
Oh Monday, you would be so much better if I could go down to Terrace & get coffee with & again.
Patties tweet omg.
Morning all! Don't forget to go and check our face book for exciting news and a BRAND NEW song! <333 facebook.com/bellemanoir
im dying of boredom :(((((( help mee help me
FB fans & Twitter followers. Don't forget to tell all your friends to add or follow us; so they to could receive our great weekly promotions
Wow - 700th follower. Thanks for tweet!
Totally inspired!
who told you that...that's been circulating for a while
I feel fine, however, I get the stink eye from those who don't "get" social media.
I can't get no sleep ....
Yes, volunteered to be my nemesis a couple of years ago. I'll get around to destroying her eventually. Y'know.
i feel like a three-legged squirrel trying to cross a freeway.
Hey #dc it's #banktransferday! If you didn't already make that move go see the good folks at on monday
Whats poppin??? Just cheked ur site..U know Kevin Kash DC CHERRY?U GOT THAT DC THICKNESS.THANK U GOD 4 UR BODY.HOW IS DA MIND THO?
Book signing today....6722 Old York Road, Philly...east oak lane area...support black writers...
MLB likely to expand playoffs for 2012 season
Right now is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you will ever be again.
Hey will yall check us out?? :) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast we would really apreciate that if you like good metal!
PUMPED for some MM2012. Love this time of year! Hope you're well GP.
When will teams learn they can't beat with aerial attacks. We're way too good in the air.
Wow, damn!
Do other booksellers get asked -- all the time -- if they're writers? Or is it just me?
While your hear I don't want you to do other work but here.....well fine ill watch the paint dry for 9 hours.
Wonder if I'll ever grow out of nerdity
Not a bad way to go. OK I'll stop now!
Just burst out laughing at your photo. Is this your version of Black Friday? xoox
“: when does the gloriousness begin? More importantly, when does 1414 get tapped?” 2 barrels: 7 & 9PM
SO when we meeting up?!?
hahaha that's not natural..you might wana goto the doctors for that. I had too
walking to my son's school to pick him up. i was so afraid of everything!! just wanted him with me!!
The oldest recorded American Robin was 13 years and 11 months old. Some probably live even longer than that.
I don't give something for nothing. U ain't even fought about giving me a gift. U just want want want...Smh...lol
Heading over to KUNM to talk about some promo opportunities.
RT real fool./ That a typo or a comment (valid) on a stupid question? :-)
yes! He is so fine! Lmao
And perhaps one of the best geographical names ever: Smuttynose Island (York County, Me.)
Anyone have a gel pad they prefer for typing? Having wrist problems.
Having friends already working there is the icing on the cake! RT my friends that work there say that they love it too!
Perhaps it's proportional to amount of creativity and actual writing that they take.
it's okay! Hopefully the number will change tomorrow ha ;)
I'm watching Anastasia.Anybody remember her?She's great.I don't know why she wasn't a Disney princess
South St swag! First stop...Jamaican food!
Don't eat and drive! LOL. Take your time, see u when u get here. my aptmt. Will text u address. Can go somewhere near or far
The worst part of Mother's Day is when she gets drunk and starts flashing her tits. Also the best part.
Did that just happen?
not mad at her
Limited availability - Now booking photoshoots for 2012 at www.brandonphotos.com
+1 RT : How do we get Ward 6/#HStDC to engage on campus plan? It's fabulous and will have positive impact.
The #FlopOfFame has an entire wing dedicated to the Boston Celtics! RT : All celtics
I can't wait till gets home! We're gonna kick it, then chill over the weekend like old times <33
New lip shine is called 'naturally envious', but seein the actual color it puts on my lips it could be called 'rape me red'
I saw your tweet from earlier an I wanna say I love your tweets an it doesn't matter plus haven't posted a picture before?
#MyProblemIs i tend to be shy at first...but once you get to know me and once im comfortable around you, i act like im on crack
Us trying to bring out the coolers is the funniest thing ever!! <U+263A>
Whoa ! what a shock! can't believe this :O
after justin bieber and austin mahone, you are one of my favorite peoples in the world. i fucking love you bitch!
Which pitch? …and the result?
We maintain a very crime-driven relationship...only, thankfully, we're not the criminals ;-)
Wow, not a single foul?
just fish as much as you can; learn as much as you can.
um don't think so hehe
YES! This week's is up!
i love noodles yumy yumy......snack of the day
maybe will get a clam tat? Ewwww sorry
They do get incentives. Just not for concussing people.
George Clowney is officially launched; GeorgeClowny.com ( newest bolg)
that class just one example. everyone i talked to said it was widely taught.
Grind for ur dreams it's not gonna come gift wrapped
oh. my. gosh. GHahahah
so sleepy. -_-
I seriously don't know what to believe anymore.
Now those are just the kind of Titties that make my Friday night as sexy as can be Tex! Have a fabulous evening! Xoxo
is this every week? i'm at home!
Get to bust out my old viola skillz for tonight's film.
Shantz did something for the first out of the 7th. Kirsch up.
we do not need our stream blown up by crap pre season football play by play ....thanks
LOL. My phone was possessed :-)
Lol! RT Condom Ad: If your not 100% satisfied with our product, Happy Fathers Day!
Listening to "Love Don't Cost a Thing" fr as I work-an all nighter-Big Project-12 years ago today my child was born at 9:27 am!
Tomm. night 6-8PM 405 in B-more: Closing reception for "Units of Measure" featuring FIVE mica alumni from '75, '86, '06 and '09
awesome! Joe D was just suggesting it was about time we all went drinking!
Hope to see you there! The 12th Annual Excellence in Interactive Marketing Awards are coming to Union Station in downtown Dallas on Thursd…
Can you help us out with some mentions? Trying to break into twitter.
And I love my Broseph, too. Pretty sure I have the best siblings of all time.
Ooh, have fun!
Thanks Gail and looking forward to conversation with you all!
On my way to my LBs commissioning ceremony
Good afternoon Tweeps~ Catch your Dream today. #Work!
I'm going out of my way to say how awful this new show Whitney is on fox....so bad, how did it even get past a pilot?
47% of pubs didnt know where and how their metadata is changed
M looks lovely. We have many fro-yo joints in DC but this looks similar to Yum. Now I'm craving it!
plans for the CL Final tomorrow?
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Top 10 SEO Myths… Dispelled
A big thanks to SeaWorld's Azul cast members Brittany, Gabrielle, & Marc on their last day with the show. We'll miss you!
I heard them tonight from the lobby, they were jammin'! Maybe next week?
I HATE DOGS.
Hey hunni I am great ! How was your last show x
thank you for your kind words :)
Good Morning Everyone!
La cancion con ritmo latino es: Don Omar-Taboo!
I can't think of many instances I'd want an athlete to shut up.
Drive thru Starbucks guy just sang a song to me asking if I had any questions while I was deciding on my drink order hilarious!
Hello to all my new followers....even though I haven't been tweeting much lol
Well yeah, me, but that's about it. At least that's it when I DD.
yea but I'm high so you know how that go .. And just listening to this BS .. I used to get it in Ohio shit is blowan me
Birthday greetings for Nora, from another Nora. We have the best name ever. Seriously.
Don't forget to swing by tonight to see us (as well as ArtWorks for Milwaukee) at Gallery Night!
i would call "mom" but then i couldn't date my brother haha :)"
btw - May the 4th be with you
#wordstock was an honor to attend! Great to see the always fabulous
Pocket my lighter, and I'll drop kick you..
Trayvon Martin case's judge disqualifies herself - Washington Post
aww :\ feel better
Shoutout to for picking up on The Fink's addition to the ATL Reunion Fanfest lineup!
Hey, I'll join in too!
Corned beef, cabbage, Guinness, and on TV. Check, check, check and CHECK!
Rehearsing a new episode of iNickelodeonShow in New York!
Hollis cuts the deficit to three with a huge trey, but Sims just picked up his fourth foul. NC State shooting two after the TV timeout
Currently 24-27 before the half. Thrilling stuff, guys.
Major Shake-Up on “America's Next Top Model:” Mr. and Miss Jay ...
I think cereal brands with raisins in them are in cahoots with the dental industry. Hard raisins = broken teeth.
Enjoying today's live-Tweeting of a #pubarch from Hopeful the metal detector will turn up something interesting.
I supposed CHI was the northern culinary boundary. I lived in WI for six years, and it doesn't appear that they have chefs.
1-10. Chances that D-Will ends up in Mavs jersey next season?
It's the right time to go to the movies - only 5 other people in the theater
Listening to & loving THE CUT by the great & flawlessly performed by smooth-n-silky Dion Graham
So SMASH convention! Let slip the dogs of... uh... games? YEAH! GAMES!!!
Horrible friday so far, come on something spark already
It can't be proven that's why its false
I've always seen it with solo cups - hadn't heard of speed quarters. Hmm.
you win...
I need some new shoes...
Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song just to turn it around
Why is it so hard to throw away rubber bands?
OPMG back in the game.(for now)
Engagement is..."activating people to DO something!"
Today was a perfect softball weather!! Tryouts start Monday
this is gonna be my first time watching the Follow You music video,I cn already tell its gonna be great!
It's a fact, Cuban knows how to building winning companies on and off the court.
Doesn't help that they try to trick you into thinking it'll taste like Fanta! (BTW Meg, congrats on your book!)
Hope you can join us May 24th for our one year chat milestone! Thanks to for her inspiration!!!!
so..he totally forgot the bears again. -.-
Whoever created this STUNNINGLY disrespectful cover of President Obama should be fired immediately.
awesome man! Should have brought my box for the evenings though!
We love our River Cats!!! RT : The Sacramento River Cats would like to thank for sponsoring our social media!
I hate texting someone first; It makes me feel annoying,.
please follow my new account
Oh I love you I don't care what they say
Play us some good running ish during 5:30 Freestyle. That is all.
Pike Township home sales are up 18 percent over last year, year to date. Quite an improvement. Showings are up 11 percent.
RT Mitt's running for President for pete's sake, he can't stand up to lunatics who want to try President Obama for treason.
THX! RT : thanks for allowing Tipsys lounge on your site,you guys have been a great help!
I sayy my name Sean . And ain't know body realllla cup upside a cup smoking ghost face killa..
If you can't get to #gym, go outside, take a walk, walk farther & faster until you are #running or at least walking really fast.
Who’s going to in a couple weeks? We’ll be there with some fun giveaways, as always.
on my baby brother that wasnt me.
Going to #4c12? Say hi to Michael Bérubé Ask him how you can make a difference in the MLA.
Chasing Disaster is "Featured Artist" on ReverbNation this week. Also, check us out on itunes, Jango Radio, www.chasingdisaster.com, an...
The easiest job at the Newark airport is the United "help"desk. Don't let me wake you, guys.
I just earned the Pro badge on #Yelp!
Call Of Duty MW3 anybody????
Let's go LEBRON
Oh, I guess that and actual interviews with the recent callups to the Crew to air on tomorrows episode of Sports32 Weekly
Work is so boring tonight
Silent night. Christmas night. Now I eat sweets. Tomorrow I move my feet, eat lean meats, and make my heart beat. On my way back to petite!
Rooting for the Refs. So far they've been pretty good.
See how I changed Porn spam to Shakespeare on kayblog.com
alot ..lol My business..my book.. Just wow ive been lucky.. How bout urself
#whenyougonelearn to enunciate properly? Welcome to the grand olde U.S.
what's a testable definition of creativity for #brainstorming experiments? Number of ideas is a terrible measure.
hit me up big brotha... this shabba car wash man nephew..i got a fire saints song...send me yo numba big brotha
lol especially them fast lil ass boys tryna dance on me and hating ass lil girls. Lol
I completely agree!!! He should start working on that!!!
LMFAO NULL. RT : Why they hating on you ??
PeekScore isn't a measure of influence, rather the relative size of your digital footprint...
Next week works, i get out at six though on Monday. But just let me know!
In other super important news, the new pinkberry flavor -chocolate- is freaking amazing. Especially swirled with coconut.
ohmygosh. your making me so #excited !! I can't wait for #Believe <3
An interesting perspective. No doubt drivers have to deal with some awful riders.
my roommate needs people to follow him for business class! DOO IT or I'll hunt you down
I survived my first week of work!!
245 Likes! Keep it going!
Watching Poetic Justice on #BET. Such a classic!!!! Janet Jackson had the fresh braids lmao. Would definitely eat her braids for breakfast!
Old San Juan is a must!
Im looking for some decent boots and some great sandals. Maybe some that don't look mandally. Some plain, I walk the plain of africa joints
#vicadeln Jackson County finishing last precinct.
yeah I can ask my mom?
Swimming competition!
Highlight of my day : met up w n on the trail when they got close hid in a bush and jumped out n scared them
ok lol ill apply tomorrow
": Stern on flopping,: "I think it’s time to look at it in more serious way, because it’s only designed to fool the referee" Amen.
True horror films are about the risk to your mortal soul.
I love me some zaxbys fries.
MAHOMIES! At 5:30pm EST, help the #OhioMahomies out & tweet "Ohio wants Mahone"! We really want to see it! (: please help!
So happy this is only a 4 day week!
Good afternoon wishing u all a nice weekend many blessings from Music is a Weapon
it's so weird I had to go read the directions, you have to 'preoblem solve' to open the door and go to the next floor
Ya keep em comin RT : Four-star DE Kylie Fitts a big get for #USC and
"A #kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous"- Ingrid Bergman
don't be "so emotional".
nice to connect with my former uni. How goes it in Ottawa?
Why tf is this girl staring at me ?! & it's like the death stare ! I'm not looking her...
SNOOKI IS AN OOMPA LOOMPA FACTORY. So that's where they come from....
Booyah is coming off the line this morning! Miller Park has picked it up for their Craft Beer Kiosks this summer along with Louie's!
Kyrie Irving to Be Named Rookie of the Year
I love salty food... And Jen.
Thanks for sharing this!
RT : why update saying the boys are going/are clubbing like what's that going to do to your life like what's the relevance ...
Looking for sex in Orlando?
you a senior or junior ?
Happy hump day, y'all. Anything interesting happening today?
rap battle may 20. text BATTLE to 72727 for details
Thanks again for using ShowClix Dominic! Enjooyyyy!
Going to see the new transformers movie tomorrow night...woohoo!
I love your self-portraits. This one is wicked cool.
A3: It's much easier to keep a relationship going with so many social outlets out there. Utilize them! Connect on multiple platforms.
did you get me a christmas gift.? i thought we were friends.?!
Just landed in Cali... happy to be here... but sad at the news of MCA Adam Yauch... the Beastie Boys, Wow, their music brings some memories!
Thank you so much, glad you liked it
hahah oh gosh, I must see !!!
#edui - wow.. Michael Wesch reminds me of why I work in this field
haha I do that all the time!
Appreciate the update and mention
Who is Robert Griffin and why did his draft pick by the Redskins just interrupt scroll across my screen during #Community ?
That's the plan! :)
is it just me or are the majority of tweets about lost love??? Wow... inspiring or depressing??? what do you think???
Dear Mr. Fink, if the #49ers bring in Peyton + Wayne, I think a Super Bowl appearance is almost a lock if Peyton is healthy
I obviously do not have wat yur looking for
gm @ my hotel tells some australian guests the united states has 52 states. wrong. they caught the max dwntwn to bus to kci. good day.
George Lucas talking about flipped classrooms @
Browsing the #4c11 program, seems like a lot of "IT" panels folded into other topics, so I was curious about panel nos... (1/3)
Ah. shiny = bad for eyes. Got it. Thanks! (I hope my shiny jeans and my shiny bling aren't too bad for my eyes, though!)
WHY IS THERE CLUB PENGUIN ADS IN THE LIVESTREAM
ooh snap. jon stewart disses vanity fair party superficiality.
Some of these bus drivers have terrible attitudes...
Have fun & bring home my Celts a win! Make sure 2 run on 2 the court during the game so we can use it in our highlights at 10!
Workshop:Simple Self Care Practices for Stress April 4 at 9am.Practice proven self care routines to help reduce stress. Call 344.3933!:)
You're a wise woman! Hehe.
So good.
Had the pleasure of speaking with recently, she is amazing! Thanks Melissa, looking forward to our next convo!
I know.
No call # on many #ebooks in #library catalog, so can't do online browsing or create feeds of new purchases by broad subject area.
ughh been up all night with alot on my mind... i pray yu okae nd come bakk wit a good recovery ....
She Cute Af , I Wanna Bag ; )
Waving back!
I catch myself making up situations in my head that probably will never happen .
of course lady friend! Where did you go? I saw you were flying.
but if they had waited and dealt those parts to the hornets for cp3...
Rise and shine!
I love you Lord for this new day!
If you're leaving home with your books...stop by and we'll lighten your load and give you some cash!
Guyysss turn to u is OUT!! I just bought it!
#WeStoppedTalkingBecause u kept making promises u culdnt keep..
Cowboys Vs Aliens Vs Apes.
we're about 30mins away see you soon sweetie, we can't wait!! =) muahhh
I got to watch 3 innings, but that's all. Close game at the end. But took the opener!
oh yes
Errands, Edmond Arts Fest, see Mom, hang out with a cpl of my sons...no necessarily in that order. playing on Jango...
Congrats! You're about to experience the worst part of #iOS development
hey wassup Lady J! Everything is going well. Having a Wrap Party tonight for my webseries. Just some last minute...
RT : Better to lose the anchor than the whole ship
Put 3 #multigenerational #multiracial almost nude #women together & what do u get? Steam #film about 3 #women & their complicated love lives
I wanna go home so bad.
I hate this cold weather...but I'm glad cause it's cuddling weather :)
'pop' or 'soda' at University of Michigan in 1990s, this was the question that dominated the first week of life in the dorms
I hadn't thought about the Yellowstone Project for a few years, but 's "Alien Phenomenology" got me thinking about it again.
it's 2012. What do u expect.
it's ova!!! Try next season
I'm so confused I thought he said Tuesday... Which would be tomorrow
#PensShouldTrade Paul Martin for a nicely written Thank you card.
How do we get parents more involved in student's education? Is calling home enough?
Working on solutions & resources 4my son with Sensory Intergration Disorder or Syndrome, belonging 2the Spectrum of Autism. Any thoughts?
Nice post. Use of "curation" in archives/library space is fun to debate. We should discuss some time.
I was a nerd before it was cool, the rest of y'all just jocked it. (punchlined)
How to disappear completely, on Facebook
Job Opening: full-time Bldg Ops Engineer w/ HVAC & systems experience. 2-10pm shift. High security clearance req'd; downtown DC. Anyone?
Anybody want a free 7" stack of Videographer magazines? Pick across from ACC Riverside?
I will gladly take credit for this. And have you tried the Samoa ice cream?
Definitely interested in going, should the opportunity present itself
I think it just hit me
Miss my old friend smh
just beginning. was supposed to start at noon, but it didn't start til 9 p.m.!! or maybe 10 - if you call this work
these boys should just quit haha
Jur welcome <3 hehe i might move to San Antonio :OO my parents like it there O.o i'm scared to :(
we are looking for a stage to play warped tour.. maybe we can play on yours all summer??
I love the fact that doesn't realize that I can turn him off in a NY taxi. Captive audience my ass!!
thanks for the mention...funny enough I was enjoying a cup of tea while your tweet came through lol..
<U+E30A> Outta my system..
My services will show you how to not only protect the money you have, but also turn that money into a #moneymachine if you seek a way out!!!
“: Baseball. Titans Handle Aztecs, 7-1: Richy Pedroza had three hits, drove in two and scored two more. Alumni love!
You spend the day at #Disneyland and get home exhausted. You crash at 7:30 and are up at 4AM. Don't get up at 4AM. Get another Sunday hobby.
not clear, Walker endorsement?
An infield pop-up with the bases loaded drops harmlessly to the ground and scores 2 runs for Northeast. It's now 7-6 Galveston still bot 8
Congrats! He's precious :)
Thanks for the mention!
Hey hey triple A! retains its A rating from Moody's bit.ly/sNT0db
I LOL'D! Haha And I'm guessing that someone is you! Do you like the drive thru or Just chillin inside?
Fuck U imma star in the making
You are up early;) **Peeta<3**
rub it in why don't you :) glad u had a weekend full of fresh powder!
I used exposure therapy on my daughter to help her overcome her hair washing fears for over two months. Her hair is now clean!
a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc
Veggies, dip, salsa, guacamole, chips, licorice, beef sticks, peanuts and a partridge in a pear tree
right back atcha!
My track record this semester has reflected how much I don't care.
lmfao. He is clowning now
yeahh I know but my mom wants to go. I told California was way better.
GLEE :D
is a prime number.
Fair point. Wasn't Fiona Apple about 15 when she got her start?
OMG I hate Rain -____-
Anyone can look at others eyes, but Lovers can see into each others' souls through the eyes. Larry Latta
Just flunked it!! :(<U+E107>
So...Brian Xanders was fired. Does anyone want to tell me why?
Yuma speaking of star wars you should be following Hilarious.
“: College graduation with only 50% battery...” Bring the boards. Come whenever.
We would have loved to attend - live right here in SA - but too $$. As our business succeeds, maybe next yr
should I be worried?
Going to career counseling in a bit. Should be fun :)
Oops, sorry I'm late. It was supposed to freeze, but I don't remember the temp. It wasn't so bad, though. ;)
Twitterless Chad got me hooked on buffalo chix subs
RT : Totally agree. Nick Harrison is a wise wise young men.
Well,here we go...LSU or LSU in the big game. It's not a typo,it's the Truth. GEAUX TIGERS!!
So they are still in town? Thought they'd be on their way to LA by now. Yes, very cool!
Exactly. Most PD has one person talking, everyone else listening.
Happy Monday! How was your weekend?
Painting my nails then falling asleep <<
Smith breakfast for my birthday dinner was on point tonight
Thanks for the retweet We at Bilinguals Inc. / Achieve Beyond Pediatric Therapy loved it as well
All night writing benders are great, but a regular writing discipline is crucial.
No commitment! NetCDP, only take action if you like it. www.netcdp.com
Real Talk: If you identify as Mexican/Mexican-American, do you celebrate Cinco de Mayo? Has it become St. Patrick's Day part 2 in the US?
That sounds like a great way to relax! What did you think of The Avengers?
This time they blogged vehement panting
marry me please i love you so much x
Every wave is new until it breaks.
lol!!! Just saw that tweet from last night!!
saw my bestfriend to day <3
Went #YOLO boarding yesterday with jenny and watched the sunset.
So bored
Is the librarian actually a Mrs.?
RT : People who follow me and I follow them, but when I try to strike up conversation they don't reply and ignore it <<<
The twin killers of success are impatience and greed
I'm watching reruns of the Hills and it brings back so many memories from my college days. God I'm old
The past is the past
Welcome to Twitville
Everyone go eat at Blue Sky TODAY, at anytime and tell them you are supporting the Foundation fundraiser! We get 20% of the proceeds!
thanks Paul - look forward to great things with Xasis
Aww you're so cute there with your few thousand followers, following zero people. Sorry about your unemployment though
thank you Carol ! Packer Nation ROCKS!
Happy Birthday today to Quarterbacks Matt Leinart and Steve Bono!
SLA rocks. KY Chapter conference is great. Exciting times Future Ready – Smaller & Smarter | Future Ready 365 futureready365.sla.org
heavens no, dear
I definitely don't mean it in a strictly bad way... yet. I plan to play a lot more.
yes! am glad, he's been struggling so. woodchipper next. but still, a wins a win, no?
RT : Marty Pupil #Colliers: The down market has helped us restructure to a pvt company that can offer clients more services."
I definitely wanna hear it. I'm trying to make it to the party next week too...
.....provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity.....
First year of college done?!
Oh what to do with myself right now, i don't even know
So excited--I was quoted in the Computer & Internet Westlaw Journal--thanks !
Before you go, could you love me just a little bit more?
Learn from Dream Theater "Shame and disgrace over mental unrest, Keeps us from saving those we love" --Fight the Stigma, Help and get help.
Hilarious ": I really love FATE based RPGs."
Sometimes moms are wrong. When I was a boy I had a penpal in China. He said he would not want the pot roast I wouldn't eat if mom sent it.
Twitter deja pho weird i saw this years ago in a dream same tweets and everything wtf :-)
Our nanny couldn't believe public schools in the US were FREE and GOOD. That's one of the tenets of the US. Let's keep it up!
The creative mind plays with the objects it loves
RT/ Still pushing your song to the radio stations here in Baton Rouge, & New Orleans
I wonder if people can tell that I'm getting treated like shit. :p
can u stfu gosh ur so freaking annoying i am blocking u now bye
So what does it mean to ? My thought is that it's a sorry, followed by Ru's trademark cackle
yeah we could go to the bahamas
Im good and u???
wet crack baby
Sleep, its not just for breakfast anymore!
Thank you its nice to meet you as well watch the video on my site and share it with the ones you love what i love about america thanx
RT ": Pain makes people change but it also makes them stronger.”
I swear to God, the weather here must be on it's fucking period.
aw omg come hang out with me!!
Damn.....I forgot....this means no Olympics for D. Rose either!!
Dropped my phone on my forehead
Yes, There Are Even Fist Fights In The Lingerie Football League via
Note that that statement came from the humanities side, not the silicon valley side.
Well I technically did put it on because she doesn't know how to use the remote but she's the one who wanted it on.
Bristol palin doesn't support gay marriage. Well, I dont support children having children.
Heading out to a Promo. Already smashed and 30 minutes late. That's what you get for asking me to do a Friday night promotion.
Shine shine shine on <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
no ma'am...must be the sticks. Unless its freshly grounded.
i was in morning mentoring :))
Let's go Pacers
Any good coffee shops to work at near Bart in SF?
He lost me :/
I'm so proud of my cousin , she's doing so many awesome things with & And she's a new mom!
Hopefully my cousin and I will be working on beach property's this summer! *Fingers Crossed*
Glad to have the trades back today. It was getting a bit muggy in ole Hawaii nei!
Im really Tryna start this org.. but im in Ghana right now.. bittersweet
thought you were coming to states
hahaha!! That was the plan....imma have everybody sayin it now
.....why are you such a tool?
yay!!! Sun baby time is the best use of time.
OMG I literally just finished eating that #LeanCuisine! I recently started adding edamame to it. Delish!
I would song on the JG Wentworth bus but it would bug me to see the Viking come from nowhere
I have three days left before i have to do my 4 Months
Happy easter everyone!!
I will challenge anyone in America that my hang over today has them crushed. How did I not puke last night.
As expected, the Ozzie circus in Miami didn't take long to get started
People that don't have iMessage: Get out of the past and get and IPhone and get iMessage. #teamiphone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C>
RT : We're setting up at Darrell's Tavern, getting ready to play soon - 4 acts, we're 2nd. Get down here. :)
RT CaseyAnthony is so pretty w makeup! And shes gonna have ALL THAT $$$. I bet that really chaps your hide!
Happy reading! That sounds like an excellent pledge/project.
First time hearing is your dad. Are you serious or J.K.?
yeah ok...
Laughing at myself
If you woke up today with a case of "The Mondays"... walk it off! :oP
Kelly Clarkson speaks to my soul mayne. She makes nothing short of classic music.
It's funny how your life revolves around me and you do everything you can to act like it doesn't
Still Lookin To Rock Our Gear? DM Me N Let Me Know Where I'm Sendin It Bro
I think I missed that day, but what are micros?
Last day b/f Spring Break. It's supposed to be crazy busy like Monday and Tuesday were. Where are all those last minute project questions?
26 DC area hotels have signed up to participate in an advertising revenue sharing plan with us. Contact us to become a venue.
If you don't text me, I understand. If you act like you don't care, I understand. But if I stop loving you, it's your turn to understand.
Who wants 2 win a Zipcar waterbottle? Guess the # of assists 4 the home team in 2night's game. Closest guess wins!!!
it was seriously the best game i've ever been to. i had so much fun! :D
So excited about our FREE pageant event coming up on December 10th in Santa Monica. Details to come soon!
I don't know what you'd call it, but I've never seen a camel with five fucking toes.
Just dealing with the death trap .. I mean incoming traffic sorry.
Jonny Muller was telling me how good it was. It may be my new guilty pleasure show since gossip girl has sucked this season
Anything, and everything.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO. NO . GET OUT. NO YOU FUCKING FUCK FUCK. GET OUT WITH YOUR SHIT. GO
Thinking of you today on Mother's Day. Know your mom would be very proud of you. xoxox
Please Please Please my love follow me baby love you my beautiful PLEASE :) Thanks
Day off at house! Always a good time
I'm not wearing green today....
Never look at the cost, only look at the value. An investment in knowledge is always earns the best interest.
S/o in all the house parties
Book editing and promotion: the evils of book writing.
Do you ever look at a person you know- I mean really stare into their eyes- and wonder where they went?
Is that a robot butt stuffing reference?
why am i awake....
I am near Flat12.
Are you watching ESPN2 right now?????
Want to go to Paris and London with alumni association? Meeting tomorrow (Thurs) at 5:30pm in the Clifford Room.
u know ya man had one of his earliest releases on Suburban Base
#ToddlersAndTiaras These families better have bodyguards and 24/7 security cameras. We've seen what's happened before.
Wow, what an amazing day! Cheers to everyone one of you who came out and enjoyed a true Winter Can't wait until #WBC 2013!
it was 420 sixteen minutes ago.
its ok :( we gotta really meet up next time !!
Just released new version on ripple.com -- bunch of new improvements
Ha! I'm sitting here writing code at J-school, but wish I was way cross the country w/ you in Waycross.
Really happy with customer service. Not often do I see customer service good enough to tweet about.
My nostril don't know what it want to do. One second I can breathe next second I sound like a excited overweight kid
The Facebook app for iPhone really really sucks
No real hope for tomorrow I can't wait for Friday.
would now be the wrong time to say we should get together someday?
RT : Hey I will be debriefing about the DCCodeathon at #polc2010 on April 20 at 3ish! hope to see some of y'all there!
“: Most important thing I look 4 in a player is accountability. U have 2 b accountable. U can’t blame things on someone else.”
was it a good movie? (:
i'll just say it. i think bleeps are hilarious.
Black Veil Brides own
Young basketball players, please avoid developing the habit of jump passing.
Having trouble sleeping, but "When you are in Love you can’t fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams."
So wrong.
I like showing people new music. I'm not really sure why.
Fashion is fleeting. Style is timeless. Our style? CG Philosophie- The Cerebral Approach to Fitness.........
hung up on step 3, keep clicking and all the page does is refresh
Everyone keeps saying "Like a Boss" psssh too much responsibility. #LikeAnIntern that's the new thing!
I agree! Whatever girl ends up with him is dang lucky
I love you too!!!
Or perhaps it's a URL shortened referral to an amazon associates link to get a percentage cut from anyone that clicks and orders...
Hi, I'm Robert Downey Jr. and I am simply irresistible.
It is a Gorgeous day out! Let's go egg hunting! Lol Everyone Enjoy x
My bd tell me every other day how great of a mother I am and how he is lucky to be parenting with me!
Why, Plan 9, , today of course.
#What2ChainzWouldSay Took ya girl and I'll do it again. My girl thick yours super thin. Gotta yellow hoe & a brown hoe what I call em? M&Ms!
Alot of these niggaz ain't seen or did shit!! Don't believe the hype!!
hello all and how are you i do not twitter alot i little new at it but what do you want me to twett about
Best place in the world - Review of Walt Disney World, Orlando, FL ...: Walt Disney World: Best place in the world - See traveler rev...
61 more followers to get to 1000 calling all simpsonizer and pastry girls your mission get us to 1000 today
Thanks for the #digitalsisterhood love!
I have been trying to use Google+ more lately. The more I use it the more I enjoy it.
we're getting help from our good friend Maya tonight to continue setting up our home studio. Yay!
ut oh. lights out.
Exactly 5 yrs ago #Grindhouse was released. 1st major motion picture for Dan Jimenez ( #RedBlackBlonde Director) as the Editorial assistant
Why is there some girls ugly ass niples on my timeline!! (/.\)
I tend to agree with her. Ur not 'only' one, but some act like children especially on Twitter.
how come?
Heath Bell blows.
Drinking coffee has never been so Fun, Healthy, and Profitable.
Indeed. With pics!
I want to know so please #RETWEET . . . . Hey #Sexy #Followers what do you want to talk about ??
Happy Mothers Day :)
": I could careless about the people talking & wishing bad on me... ima do me regardless" sorry for the crazies
I dont know if all boyscouts are gay as they probably tie the nought like 50 dufferent ways.
30 pages into The Hunger Games, I know what I'm doing for the rest of the weekend.
followed. Follow back ?
please ask the Boyz to shout out Julia from Florida and i want to know if you could live anywhere where would it be??
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
don't.
lol thats so funny. no I AM about that life. ask she knows I am.
Welcome and to Broadway! They both begin previews tonight!
RT : He dug the grand canyon.
Garnett just said he a f****** problem lol I love the energy
i want you.
Lots of ice cream! Were the readers' reports at least helpful? Or just snarky?
Heading to NYC today for a conference, friends, and family time.
Kick save & a beauty!
I robbed a bank.
I move in June 1st & could use all the help I can get haha
this is legit
I like you too much to unfollow you.
Thank you!
Some people have the darkest/nastiest hearts.
Sure will Hon Thank you I LOVE YOU TOO
Why Does every Charles Barkley Weight Watchers commercial sound and look like he abused cocaine for 3 months straight?.
Everything is coming up Roses! Rose Bowl that is! Go #Badgers! Food Specials, Drink Specials and the Best Bartenders Around!
RT : In all seriousness, it's nice to see Madonna's mom in the spotlight.
“: #Sales Tell your prospect what they DON'T need to buy. It saves them money & gives you credibility.” AND CREATES PERSPECTIVE!!
Nothing Much Bro! Getting ready to get in some Morning Cardio!
We've just published a new edition of our newsletter! You can check it out on our website and get the latest information from Senior Help
RT : I'm Old enough to "Know Better" & Young enough to not "Give a F*ck""
whatd u say to alex
Actual shit sfx texted. Featured Bit - 'Shats R Us". Listen at www.freekshowradio.com
Ha! #HighFive RT : Absolutely embarrassed Teen and got down to salt n peppa on the dance floor
Just once I'd like to see a disaster/end of the world type movie where Washington, DC actually survives. Is that too much to ask?
S/o to all the kids who aren't going to gradventure because you started a food fight. <U+E411> Smart.
it must be a great opportunity for H to move to Cleveland what are you going to do?
#sick&tired
I meant marching band
Eating Easy Cheese because you hate yourself. Eating Easy Cheese because it's a salty substitution for tears.
Two phenomenal alumae serve on our board: Nzinga Tull & chair Carrie Ellis.
RT : I am DYING to see really good dancers dance to "Up"!! Someone make a video already!
Thier twitter tweeted it! :D its at the old orchard mall in skokie, u have to buy a book for writbands which u have to get may 23
follow she is so cool her tweets are so funny
Thanks for the follow Jeff. I hope all is well.
Y'all spam me! I guess in the least fav body part!! :'(
Finished our rush week with a bang at the James Bond Goes to Rehab Party! Good luck on those applications, due Wednesday!
As soon as Hamas cannot attack Civilians then the process of rebuilding Gaza will begin. Many Jews will also help rebuild Gaza
oh, well i'm just trying to make you smile again. Sorry.
Two donations to my charity tonight. Super stoked!
Why is this weather so crazy? It's 50s one minute and upper 80s the next minute.
It's better now.
GOP BULLSHIT ON DEFICITS AND DEBT IS NEGATING YOU TO HAVE A JOB. GOVERNMENT SPENDING CREATES DEMAND AND JOBS
Find a chair that is big enough for the two of you to share and sit in it.
:) RT If Hot Topic and a gordita supreme had a baby it would be Guy Fieri.
I'm amazing at karaoke, I could take on ANYBODY.
Shout out to President Martin Sheen for putting country first, despite your child's public cries for help
Fair perspective, but I disagree. I find the connection polite and worthwhile.
HAHAHAHAH OW I MISSED YOU SO MUCH
RT : RT : Dear #librotraficante our FB community loves the logo of the fist with the books
Feeling sort of sorry for myself. Hubby and best friend went off for mtn-bike ride, but I don't feel 100%. I know I need to stay home... :-(
. Thanks you for opposing a terrible bill that is a huge affront to our civil liberties.
that's awesome.i have to tell you that last year we went undefeated, won it all... but this year,in kid pitch.....ouch. good luck
Q5 I **LOVE** Pinterest - you report your #brand's news story or blog posts in pictures < get referring traffic!
Watching last weeks Project Runway Allstars with ; somebody made a neon lights Scorpion from Mortal Kombat
Free bike repairs and chair massage at the interbay urban center (where whole foods is).
Anyone wanna text?
Will ever follow me?
May 4 I'm making a decision for the better
Aw shucks... thanks! :)
For all the assaults on his integrity, Fred Durst was pretty upfront about doing it all for the nookie.
#iwannagiveashoutout to my girl friend
thank you baby!.
Much is needed to restructure the "Trust" and to clarify the relationship between the "Trust" and the DC government.
Did you read the language in Petrino's morals clause? Appears to give Arkansas full discretion in making that call.
I hate the
Being with MarineMax gives us access to more inventory nationwide than any other dealer in the U.S. That's only part of what makes us
I'm in your city :-)
Interesting challenge. Maybe a hosted CSV? We'll look into it.
Yet fixed, somehow, before Best Makeup.
Proof of how much disposable income is out there. Or impulse buying.
Observations of the Day: 1. NARA has its own subculture, 2. Historians have their own fashion code. You need to know both to make it work.
Learning about the stimulus pkg and nonprofits
Happy Birthday Taylor Swift!
12 mile run first, THEN derby party and wedding time!
I dont get why freshmen are hating on the eighth graders, that was us just last year.. give them a chance
CoCo gets his run back and defeats Toiyet to advance to winners finals of his pool.
RT : Common sense is one of #Capricorn most valuable assets
Wouldn't it be the first this year?
Great stuff!
good evening!!
#Natural Pain Relieving Gels is available in both a WARM & COOL therapy. We have ALWAYS been a NATURAL product.
yep, the rest is Marvel
Curious about ppl who packed up desk at wk running frantic. Bet those guys would rather it end than walk in Mon w/sad box of office supplies
I ate about 10 chocolate digestives last night. And a pear.
the one before this was like 225 to 30. O.o
New truth: The first cause cannot always be the company. It must also be manager's deep fulfillment within the company.
If game 7 was in Denver, it would be a lock for the Nuggets.
s/o 2oo :) have a great day tomorrow, goodnight sweet dreams :)
So simple, but so yummy...
damn u already sleep like u dead we Dnt need u to kill nothing in the back of that bih
Does Hulk smash? RT : Are you ready for the Avengers movie Kasper?
You're lumping me in with some good company, there.
I love how Rudy is asleep on the phone and he didn't hang up <3
#sexualcultures on separations of reproduction from the female body: pregnant men, Shulamith Firestone.
Still looking 4 a grip for #HomeBrewed #webseries shoot this wknd. Dir. by w/ producing-
Shelly - will you permit me a brief explanation?
I wanna be a model.
S/O To U Diggz Keepin' That Stack Bundles Legacy Going..Best Rapper Of All Time
he's only continuing the tradition of last season. I blame ownership.
Optimum time for webinar is 90 minutes. 2 hour classroom converts into 90 minutes
Bosh is such a pansy.
How was your day Mama Mahone?(:
Very cool map.
You've gotta check out my story. #pdx offering GREAT new service for those trying to escape domestic violence
thanks for the mention! :)
Kevin Garrnet Shot A 3 pointer what the world is coming 2
Thank you, President , for taking a stand. May 9, 2012 will be remembered as an historic day for equality.
Ok...here we go.
Today was pretty good (: But im sure tomorrow will be better
We are offering a Free trial of Seroquel XR #30 tablets.
No religion here today. Rory wears orange and Martin wears green.
I got a new haircut and got my braces off(:(:(:
Who wants lunch?? How about pasta? Pasta Robusta: Grilled chicken breast, broccoli, onions, sun-dried tomatoes in a pesto cream sauce
#kids Mckeesport Children's Room - Mother goose Storytime for children ages Birth to 35 months: Mckeesport Children's Room - Mother goose...
Nothing like having a conversation with a dude in a pirate hat at 8:00am. San Francisco, I love you.
I have a lot of confidence in Rick. He has proven us he can make great in-game adjustments.
Finally got a gym membership yesterday xD gonna start #projectswole soon with
The head never rules the heart, but just becomes its partner in crime.
Tim Tebow named the #2 QB in Denver! Brady Quinn continues to disappoint in the NFL
make me some? :)
RT : John Derbyshire fired after 30-year-long racist outburst
how long does the bad last? Hours,days or weeks? Anything particular trigger it?
we plan to do these free paranormal get-togethers/chats every other month. Know of a nice place in Indy with free private room?
This guy is wearing a crewneck with a mugshot of MLK jr. Amazing!!!!!!!!
The top 2 tech skills that are in demand today are Systems and Network Engineers and Software Developers, .NET, Java, PHP, and MySQL
At least I didn't misspell misspell just then
By A$$, I meant my own. #small #clarification -__-
Kim we are looking forward to seeing you there! Thanks for the re-tweet!
hi,boy followback me
Went to a lacrosse game in the rain and now my pants/underwear are soaked through
I love the contractors who have no idea what they're doing! Keeps me busy repairing their mistakes
En route to Minneapolis to host a college readiness workshop at the American Indian Science & Engineering Society Conference tomorrow
Yay summer here it comes
Thanks Rebecca. And I was reading your piece on subway on way home. VG, as always.
Morning world!
Loved the movie #SinnersAndSaints! Have now bought 4copies-kept 1-gave 3 as gifts-Incredible shooting, intense Action! Can't wait for sequel
I just made chocolate mouse from avocados....freaking yum...who knew....
Recording "For a While" and "Mr. D" in Studio A #MTSU. Get ready for our next double the trouble EP!
10 days till is in Dallas! asdffghjkl IM SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I hate feeling this
Hey !! OMG !! i just made an awesome electro-house music song thatz so amazing !! itz the best one i've made on Clubcreate
tomorrow is my bday could u be so kind as to so me a happy bday tomorrow n follow me? Plz! It would be the best if u did!
I know...right?! Today much better...and I'm getting a killer tan! How was your trip?
This bitch making my allergies flare up
No offense taken... :D
The French election was very close, even with Hollande leading by over 10 pts. The lesson? France is at an impasse.
I totally love when uses her mom voice - "a heinous disregard for women and young girls..."
bleach your hair :).
I hope you enjoy the game tonight! And be safe out there!
pick a good team though, not a greed driven club ha
It's amazing have #BoyMahomies in our family <3
Morning Jay!!!
Cmon Roy trick another
: context-free poetry quote of the day, "Dying’s the best / Of all the arts men learn in a dead place," from James Wright.
anybody else in sacramento feel a mild earthquake just now?
Working on a song yet again..hayden needs to help me again! haha :P
": Morning!!" Good Morning....HAVE A GOOD DAY!
Im not gunna lie, i do love scooby-doo though ....
I gained 5 lbs in the first week of 2012. Is leap year the equivalent of opposite day, only an entire year?
ur tweets make me want to punch a baby squirrel
I always look at girls wit big asses grab mine then gag!!!!
Steak and shrimp<U+2764>
Yup, is an outstanding tool -- especially when you have a new or distributed team. Two thumbs up.
Check us out on Facebook!
is on twitter, brilliant <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yeah baby
no manu,no.problem we got this
Instagram has NOTHING on the Senate ID Office's filters. Every year, they manage to make me look extra #puffy, bleary-eyed, and
you've done a great job staying a step ahead on realignment. Keep it up! Solid insight.
Joe Sacco said "if you throw a bomb in the U of C comic-con today you'd wipe out "a couple of generations of #comic #book #artists."
that's awesome. Let's do it.
wat up riri u r going to c me weekend so look out
Been playing around with the new Kodak Zi8 and the Zx1 for HD footage. Gotta say I'm pretty impressed!
not sure what this is reply to...?
Only three more days left to save 20% on your online order! Don't forget to use promo code WEBLUV at checkout!
Please wish a Happy Birthday to my lovely wife Rena.
Twinkle Twinkle Little Star :) LOL :)
I hate knowing things.
Well, still has one entry left. Here's hoping that "we can all split it if one of us wins" deal is on.
your keeping the team alive man
I really need to stop this whole talking thing.
That's right at a time when most services up their prices for one game. The man who was handicapper of the year 2011 Jrich is saying give it
At Library of Congress to see 's lecture on the James Webb Space Telescope. I <3 big telescopes.
Nail Salon ( :
ON AIR TIME UNTIL EPISODE 01:47:56 GUEST CALL-IN (646) 478-0089 call in we want to hear from u
US factory growth best in 10 months; Dow passes four-year high
Thanks so much for RT! Happy hump day!
Don't Tread on Me, end it now 2012
quoting James Murphy: "the best way to complain is to make things"
blogtv is acting so stupid right now, smh.
Book your next hair appointment now, 813 910-2770
up and down x1000
The things we can do with 20 minutes girl
Food folks - my first issue of Lucky Peach magazine arrived. Anybody read it? Opinions??
At work
Come play squares at the Granicus booth...giving away prizes
holy tamale, is dangerous! (in a good way)
The total headquarters staff is about 18 to 20. Seven of us work on media and publications (at least some of the time).
so adorable
The best revenge is to be successful. It is to stay strong & move forward in life; never stopping, never giving up, never take a step back.
we must be working in the same place...18 y/o cva in PVS, mother trying to feed him, yikes!
Love may make the world go round, but it's romantic love that makes the ride worthwhile.
I Want Some Mcdonalds, Somebody wanna brinq me some ? lbs
it's ok it goes with him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
NyQuil doesn't even work these days....
Vincent Doyle, pres of NY State Bar Assn, is relaying history of MacCrate report, R5.4, decision that nonattys should not join with attys
Taylors do what they wanna do. For me personally I pride myself on doing things that are different,unacceptable and weird.
Currently over 100 online viewers of #igniteSmithsonian. How many people in seats?
ma jam
JUST BOUGHT MY 2013 TOUR TICKETS! ROW 4 FROM STAGE! PUMPED! just 1 year..i can do it.
lol malick got his mama buyn him a nike shirt lol she reading all the shirts to him we just in the background laughfn
Bored out of my mind.
"Aqua" is getting its finishing details before going to its new home in South Beach FL.
Blanka_Creative opinion on Helena V's photos-"I absolutely love them, they are very creative, excellent work"
Tell your friends to like our page!! Tag us in a post =] talk to us
And lucky me for meeting you!
Its not really bad yet but this rita got me feeln like its 30 below
Wow, this week's episode on fundraising, lobbyists and the power of $ in US government is great, but depressing as hell.
parker has inspired things in wolfie. like a cat nip addiction and a fondness for playing ball.
enough to base any conclusion on, 23yr old is not a kid. Poseys future is not 100%. Its a big unkn, so still a relevnt concern.
Just made my flight to Pensacola. Ran so good in this spot seeing how I was obv late! Skipped check-in and security lines!!
It is not to inform God of anything that we make our petitions, but instead, that we may detach ourselves from the cares of life
Take time 2 deconstruct the constructions that have bn handed 2 U & U accepted w/out question as U work towards constructing yr new reality.
I speak the truth--great work! And ditto--I always appreciate the encouragement from you and others on my #ClioS12 assignments.
La La La Warming up for a afternoon of auditions
didnt no your ass back then
This Tuesday just feels like it's a Client Swag Tuesday. Stay tuned later today for a little raffle :)
Today's English speaking Wikipedia featured article, Stephen Crane, "The Red Badge of Courage"
Join us tonight for Simplified, PJ Bottoms and River City Rising-Doors @ 8pm Tickets $12.00
Thursday?! I'm done with class at 3:18.
Never stress something that won't matter a year from now
Wait it might b little 8==D lls.
No one ever says E or Vin were their favorites. Least interesting leads ever.
Hope you have fun tonight. <3
When were you not a bear?
Who else walks in the cold, with shorts?
It seems to me that the world is on the verge of a major wake up call. It's tough to lie when everyone has a camera and access to the www.
RT nice pic! Haven't lived in Denver since '07, miss Coors Field. PetCo ain't bad though.
Opportunity makes the thief.
Ive got an idea for #sharktank each week have huge dunking tank with large rubber shark. The rudest host gets dunked!
What are you cooking??
Ok, making sure, knew his comment about "super fans", wondering where the KC shot came from. Why I don't expand on other's words
Scale without substance is not sustainable
!!!! When Drita called her "DJ Repeat", I was done. RT : I can't stand Karen -_-
I was reminded this week at #ASTD2012 more than once, that I need to find pockets of silence during the week to think & anchor myself,
It's so pathetic that one of these teams will be playing for the eastern conference title
Your actions will tell me everything I need to know....#thankful for discernment
Hope you can make my presentation tonight, Barry.
Celebrating October birthdays of the great clarinetists: Eddie Daniels (10/19), Stan Hasselgard (10/4).
hooray! So glad you made it all official. :)
doin' it right.
Watching Cheech and Chong and smoking is like watching the Food Network while eating
I'm not a big Will Farrel fan, but Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna .... hummina-hummina-hummina..... *drool* Movies it is!
That makes sense. I wasn't sure/gap in my knowledge. You should write a tome, or two, on the history of
Good job, Homer. Looking good tonight. One more inning?
...to sworn personnel. faces a $2.2 million shortfall and is considering contracting out with CalFire as a result.
Lebron is not the leader of the Big 3. God damn you ABC/ESPN
happy thanksgiving and congrads on winning the wwe title. im happy ur the wwe champ instead of alberto deil rio.
And a #JayHay streak end. At least someone taught him how to take a pitch. I don't think that dude ran up 2 balls in all of 2011.
#Penguins Thank you for an awesome season!
oh is it now
Last time I checked people should be happy where they work.
Don't come running back to me when you get treated the same way you treated me <U+270B>
Sookie stackhouse and bill Compton are on my plane
Gay ass profile picture lmaoo
Devil's advocate: Doesn't say they haven't TRIED it :)
Do you not think so far ahead?
Had a great visit with Lea Kemp and Kathryn Murano at RMSC to talk about one of our interns -- who by all accounts did a fabulous job.
#ThisChristmas we all want to go abroad at the SPI offices.
Christmas! aw....
You hear your favorite song, turn to your friend and sing it dramatically.
I'd like to thank Frank Purdue for putting the chicken wing on St. Mary's
agreed. Reading and viewing different.
Happy Dictionary Day!
Follow our friends - they are giving away Miami Hurricanes basketball tickets! good luck winning!
Thank you William! You're the best!
IT SHOW U WHAT KINDA SYSTEM WE LIVIN' IN WHEN A MAN CAN STEAL YA NAME DEAD OR ALIVE & U CAN'T DO SHIT ABOUT IT. HOW GAY IS DAT? DICK RIDERS!
the difference is that Miles outcoached Saban for the 2nd yr in a row and wildly more successful at LSU than Saban was. Fact!
Thank you! Have had a great first day!
Philippines Research <U+2665> for History MUN Makes me think of Julian Lmaoo!
I think you made a great decision!
What a fantastic dance for #DWTS has talent this year. Go Pack Go
waahhh my body is so sore after my first training sesh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ALEX!!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
shyt me 2 its a boring ass day!!
haha most definitely! You do the same
Freak it up beat it up eat it up beat it up i like da fact she like it rough
how do are you able to post so many comments so quickly? Trying to learn how to use Twitter...
Dear sir on the train. I am not food and you are creeping me out looking at me like im breakfast. Stop.
OMG Mimi! how scary!!
Confused moment when your walking and a car honks at you....."STRANgER dANGER"!! Lol
Deaded the chinstrap yesterday. All it did was remind me of the fact that I can't grow a beard. It was survived by a goatee.
Fill in the blanks: I wish my dentist _____________.
But outdoor Digital Media advertising is not as simple as putting a flat screen TV on a wall.
smh so are we doing something tomorrow?!
O, #sherlock is back!
Yep, we're pretty much made for each other. ;-) Twitter doesn't lie.
Going out in Ft.Lauderdale tonight.. who's in the area & wanna come party it up??
“: IL Mee or Honey Pig in Annandale! Enjoy!” Thanks Angie!!!
Thanks, Bonnie. The feeling is mutual!
Love the phrase "wicked problems" - JSB at
huh geez just saw #cowboys owner jerry the facelift jones on tv dont c him much on tv huh
You once told me to always take care of your family...my little sisters haven't seen you in four years.
My back spasms are coming back #bodyofanoldman <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>
Yeahh That shit not proper aha.
I wanna parrot! an I wanna teach it how to say "vete ala chingada wey!" that would be #TOOFUNNY! xD
so glad your here friday:)
2nd vote on City Council Pos. 3, neither Meacham or Harrell got 60% votes, so no endorsement on this position.
miss you guys!
David Malmuth is speaking my language at #aesummit2012. Name-dropping Joe Cortright, walkability, metrics for IDEA District
she'd b critiquing you the whole time and rolling her eyes like she was bored.
OK. work is done. Now it's capper time. Helms down. Shields up. Swords drawn. Let's rock and roll!
I'm pretty sure I'm not supposed to feel this way about Bieber.. but I would let him be my boyfriend.
Imani: I have a crush on all the infants!
Goodnight! Lights out. :p
RT FBI Director Mueller confirms agency has opened 'preliminary investigation' into JPMorgan -
If he's cheated on you once, he will do it again. I wouldn't get your hopes up.
can't believe I missed it ya'll!
that was unreal. Holy shit.
Birthdays suck.
wait I just got that shut up biotch
Anyone wanna play 'Words with Friends' with me?(: add me "Joshdeane"
y u hater dont leave my ella 666 alone and mind your own business
well, its certainly more socially acceptable than the other one!
Wade can you follow me so I can DM you :-)
Friday's episode will be themed with 90's alternative rock. Got a request that fits in this category? Reply or use
Precious! Happy birthday!
wait wait - not the one you showed me, right?
#BucciOvertimeChallenge Beagle and Marchand.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
i don't! It just popped up on that activity thing and it said Melissa was following them so I thought I would give it a gander
“: Dad: "every day is mothers day" Mom: "BULL FUCKING SHIT!!!" #happymothersday” haha
Did u know about JAMACHI Spa? We give great massages. Just ask for Maku, Joel or Barbara and Call 301.585.0888
The basic essential of a great actor is that he loves himself in acting.
Joining tonight's Legendary dobbs show 10pm are "The Perfects" out of Maryland! featuring Jimmie's Chicken Shack guitarist, Island Styles!
LOL I agree. Emo isn't even the word now to describe him smh
Headache. Not Migraine, thank goodness. Just Headache.
I was once addicted to FarmVille, sadly.
How can the full service line move faster than the bag drop line in Orlando? Makes absolutely no sense.
Not impressed with #Windows8. Looks like they phoned it in. Or maybe a third grader did.
Amazing! #NYR. MSG is rocking!
A1) Pizza, of course! Followed by chips & dip and possibly some wings
Love your helper elf! xoxo
#SeussBday always reminds me how I get inordinately annoyed at people who spell it "Dr. Suess."
Listen here, you little EW. Do you REALLY want to start something with me? I've made people cry, and I'm proud of it.
It's a beautiful day in the LBK! Don't forget that you'll get 10% off today if you come in and say "Super-Duper Saturday" to us!
not worth it! > “: I will commit suicide if Ian Poulter wins The Players.”
GET OVER IT KTHXBYE
Full house tonight at #digisports conference at Georgetown. Big discussion on mobile & sports w/ reps from &
I'm good at what I do.
Get those umbrella handy- we're looking at some serious rain later tonight and tomorrow. Looks like it's going to be a wet weekend too!
get it bro.
Couldn't resist herb plants at the farmers market--rosemary, lemon thyme, lemon verbena, and two mints.
congrats and good luck!
Ready to fuck.
I have to talk about old issues..because im like your ex..i just cant move on
Work Hard....Drink Right....And be Responsible!! The best Vodka on the planet in my opinion.
Uguguguguh tornado every where else in Florida expect for where I live, great.
having 50,000 followers won't help if they are all twitter-bots. No one is really following you they're just automated follwers
Mega Millions Jackpot is now $206 million...now that's a sign to play the office pool since I work for 206 Tours! :p Heyy you never know!
oh, you. Sleep well.
we all have a good heart but in due time it could always turns ugly.
ha another restless night ...... well guess no sleep again /:
They were sleeping lol
About to hit legs today. Workout days= good days
Goodnight people of God!! have a blessed night! =D
When did your dog become a wizard? That's wizard beard. Also, good job on the whole attorney thing.
That's a dream job. It wouldn't matter if anything you did or said made sense, probably nobody would notice if you didn't show up.
Not gonna lie… I wanted Marko to win…
i stabbed a porn star becox I'm sexy lol
Might lose my day job because I refuse to make a boxed mix? So be it.
#pathetic RT : MB just called it the Valentine's Day massacre. #blazers go down at home 124-109 to the umm ... Wizards.
Today. I found a 12min monster drumming jam with Matt Rickle and Aaron Quillen. Should I share with the world?!
[virtual high five]
*pelvic thrusts*
Skillex and deadmau5 need to collaborate ASAP!!!!!!!!
as long as I get a turn
yes lol! He kinda cute
segregation is over...let all the dogs play together :-)
Go Bruins! RT That's the kind of reckless effort that wins playoff games. HUGE goal to tie this thing.
Yeah - that seems pretty tacky, and desperate looking.
I love it when I receive direct tweets from people I follow ;)
She Said She Only F*cked About 4-5 N*ggas , So You Know Youu Gottuuh Multiply By Three . ~
Thanks for the follow! Welcome to Jax!
My roommate bought chocolate wine and it's pretty much the best thing ever.
In honor of American Heart Month: did you know that you can protect your heart by exercising at least three times a week?
I think for a medium body habano it is pretty good. Great constuction and well balanced.
I'm certain there should be somewhere nearby. Lots of bike racks in the Kendall Sq. area.
I have presale codes for DEATH CAB FOR CUTIE at bridgestone on aug 10th!
Misleading headline there
Haircut at 7 today, finally.
I can tell you this, we hit it off immediately and I think you and Val are in for a treat! BTW, tell Val not to rent convertibles!
thank you!!!
Thank you for the follow, definitely need to keep updated on konwledge in design! Cheers!
me too
same to my mother!
Enjoying the #Oscar tweets!! Keep 'em comin!!
Netflix suggestion of the day: A&E on "Human Sacrifice" - Sundays were made for this!
If a hug represented how much I loved you, I would hold you in my arms forever.
Outstanding leadership uniquely combines vision with direction to move forward and create change.
Hollllllup son...MCA passed??? Beasties did SO much for
RT If Sarah Palin lived in the UK she would get free contraception and mental health care
if u had to choose b/w seeing or big time rush which would it b? It better b the cute ones with the cute accents.
I'll send you a pic next January when I get my braces off :) THEN WE WILL HAVE NAKED TEETH TOGETHER
Just popped down
5 weeks until Florida :)
Judgments of others are alienated expressions of our own unmet needs.
| Wow! Im going home now... just completed me. Thank you!
I will...this is Twitter
and I are on our way to #PAWS Chicago to pick up a couple puppies to foster! So excited!
Tonight was crazy. Good night world.
Anyways, goodmorning y'al .
Do the right thing and get the right thing done to you
If I was the bachelor, I'd pick you!
JUST FIGURED OUT WHY THEY ALL SOUND ALIKE, THEY NEED 2 UNDO THEM JEANS, BETTER YET, GET SUM THAT FIT & WEAR A SMALLER BELT BUCKLE!!! LOL
Yay!!! Made it on the plane after all!
I wonder if will ever tweet me again and follow me.
What's the bad news? Does this qualify as a Dick joke?
Well we are finally on the way #tired oh and im HATE small spaces!
just heard donald trump on hip hop nation...holla
Got a new hair cut(:
I really miss talking to my old twitter friends like :)
. Most definitely. I didn't like jelly beans anyway!
Ice Cream time!:) #yum!
Happy 3rd Birthday to one of the best little cousins ever, Kinley!<3
WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII - video poker giveaways. prizes include trips, cash & ipods loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox. see bartender
Very fitting that Red Solo Cup plays on the drive home from HH with and
Yeah, I'm sure I'll get one. I don't see how it can't be interesting.
Barkley believes Javale Mcgee will play well and they will upset a banged up Lakers team.
ahhahahah..not yet, i just noticed it last night...it had a bunch of suggestions recorded..i'll try watching it later tonight
Loving this up tempo Caps play.
three! Is that too many?
can't wait to see you
Sometimes you walk 30 blocks and then accidentally end up at Magnolias.
I'm gonna win 's One Direction contest;)
that's unhealthy! GO SLEEP!
"If the wine is sour, throw it out!" - Michelangelo (via unknown store owner) Sorry for the wait y'all, it's gotta be right! ;-)
Men can read maps better than women. Cause only the male mind could conceive of one inch equaling a hundred miles.
Attn RW trolls. I don't mind a civil debate. However, when I get the better of you, don't get personal. You'll be blocked.
Follow :) follow follow follow :)
oh how you make me laugh.
so you're getting cold sweats cause your shit?
Why do I let Jon Stewart and Stephen colbert ruin my REM cycle?
Who out there is celebrating Cinco de Mayo with us!?
RT : Want to volunteer at our Craft Beer Block during the North Park Festival of Arts, Sunday May 20th? Please contact......
hey trevor follow me buddy
no problemo...hope u give lots of drunken cinco de drinko calls tomorrow
Lol JK, hug and a kiss :]
I NEED SOME FOLLOWERS
#WhenImAlone I dream of Indian Spices and Chocolate coming together in perfect harmony. Do you think it's possible?
KXAN's : "I'm hungry for stories."
Congratulations to Brandie on her engagement!
"By the way that you crush on mee ! Ohh baby baby oh. "
come to the urban farm & make art. i have cameras. wonder if the artboys w/duck masks will return # bit.ly/dAUPYp
I want all of these in one movie.
Happy 18th Birthday! You are officially an adult, that is crazy! Hope you have a fabulous day!
The pomegranate revolution in processed food is getting a little long in the tooth. You're not knocking corn sweetener out of number one.
When you reread a classic you do not see more in the book than you did before; you see more in you than there was before. - C. Fadiman
Finally made it to Canfield, time to check out all the goodies at the fair
luckily a kerfuffle occurred with the maitre d that prevented my tweets from making a scene!
Big firms face slow times in bankruptcy #ASM11 but is on fire .... consumer bankruptcy still very busy.
Got a grant for college!
since real recognize real, is Louisville for real?
#teamblackout is having a great time tonight
...was it true? If so, gross.
Maybe everyone thought my St Paddy's Day party was today.
can't believe it's almost JUNE!! Busy re-working some scenes in a new series...
Had the best time with my cousin Julian tonight, had a few drinks, got a little heart broken, and now its time 4 bed :)
China Express
oh joyful LOL truck has been at freightliner since monday so they got me working the yard this week. 90 degrees and no ac lol
Ha, yes!! I have a Breville, i think an 800 or 900 watt
RT : If you are attending the HIMSS #CNIO Luncheon today, make sure to tag your tweets with #DFWHIMSS! Hope to see you there!
Great weather. Good crowd. Dope party thus far.
No prob homie! RT: “: kicking it bro but thanks for the #retweet bro”
Had hockey last night, and hit the gym this morning with I'm a bad m'fr.
You can now use Skype to connect with anyone on Fbook?! I feel like everything relies on fbook whiten any end well...
": #steelers have moved Wes Lyons to tight end. At 6-9 260, he is a beast." I like this move, but is he strong enough?
lets do it! lunch time flash mob! RT ": imma dance like that tomorrow!"
New #Rams follow-up people! The future is bright!
Paragon here we come!
Oh my, I just performed Al Green on UStream hopefully everyones ears are okay.
I need to catch up on my z's.:P
Blinded by the light!!! Lol.
Jealous minds they think alike.
Energy drinks are a good and bad thing..would be what I meant to say *smile*
Tragedy. I miss Stella. Haven't had one in forever.
Follow me Thanks!:)
will do. The Scottsx2 and Friends would shake LA up. Can't wait to see u.
sorry, you're just so sexy it's hard not. ;)
I'm becoming way too addicted to house of anubis .-. #Stagingaintervention :P
You know, I have stayed in Seaside, but I have never been to the famed Red Bar in Grayton Beach. Now I HAVE to go.
I love Russell Simmons, but vegan's are plant murderers. I hope he's plantin' trees. Go Ribs!
All i want for christmas is a SJ13 new contract deal with the bills!
I've been pretty happy with the ASUS UL30A.
or ask for a lime instead and take a shot !!
Fucking tablet died ! WHILE I WAS PLAYING ANGRY BIRDS IN SPACE &gt;.&lt;
Honestly, a part of me hate basketball right now. Why doe it have to happen to such a good kid like Rose?
2 may talk together under the same roof for many years, yet never really meet; & 2 others at first speech are old friends.Mary Catherwood
TGIF! Try your best to catch up and stay caught up. Tough now, but saves time + stress in the long run :)
I'm good cuz how about u ??
I'm getting sick :/
Normally I can trace geting sick to lack of sleep but this thing just seems to be coming out of nowhere.
On the bright side, s/o to mother nature for the free car wash.
Oh man, I had that happen to me yesterday.
At Comedy Works for South Metro Denver Chamber Small Business Leadership Awards.
Mike Will Made It...
At least it was just the sleeve. Usually it's take off the shirt, than the pants just to show off his small watch.
I wanna punch Gasol in the face when he gets excited
If H.P. Lovecraft were alive today, he would be into Norwegian Black Metal, especially Gorgoroth.
My Dixie Wrecked
President's Day Special: FREE shipping all day Monday. Use code UNCLESAM11 at checkout. #President'sDay
Press Release: Actor Patrick Wilson Returns to Alma Mater ...
I bcc that.That way nobody,and believe me when I say nobody, will find out CC's Cache. Actually, for the record cc's a dump
The existence of people who still read books makes ME very happy this morning! :)
I feel like I need a mental health day - I don't see a day off in my near future. Meep!
Eating Frosted Mini Wheats as fast as possible because they get nasty real quick
Recovering from a weekend at the Central Illinois Quilt Shop Hop. We visited 11 shops in 2 days. It was such fun even through the raindrops.
Gotta learn a New York accent ASAP - what are some recommended resources (aside from driving to New York)?
Feeling thankful for family, friends, career, and home. Happy Thanksgiving!
our good friend Bob has. Do you have questions?
Wish my boys and we're here to celebrate my 21st
Go #UWS! RT: : I was just awarded Broker of the Year for my 2011 Sales for the Westside Office!!
Rise and Shine!!! The Homie is in town with Girl! Gonna be a reunion!
Been one helluva day so far. Freezing cold, joints hurt... Neck is killing me. And its only a couple hours into the day... Ugh!!
oh me too!
I just made a cocktail out of G2 fruit punch, vodka, & frozen fruit. Because the baby is asleep. And that's all I had in the house. Cheers!
The bible is the instruction manual for life
then yeah, def tell her lol
Facebook is like a fridge. When you're bored you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good in it.
Could eat the kitchen staff meal every day.
Exciting day/presentation with BIG idea today = accountability at remote/unmanned locations CAN be achieved.
Elease is seriously an actress lol
yeah u were
booze makes everything taste better, duh!
Went through my proactive book saw justins picture took it out and hung it on my wall haha I love you <3
U cannot make up u'r own def'n blatantly contrad std 1, and then accuse me of not talking prop 4 not following u'r made up defn
RT Patriots release veteran RB/FB Sammy Morris, per his agent,
Bravo! These companies and organizations are really trying to overstep people's personal bounds these days. Ridiculous!
any words of advice to the people we will be meeting at #NSHMBA11 this week? Looking for great talent for
hope you have a great Triples trip on Friday! Sorry to hear you were stuck in traffic yesterday
My Packers got Nick Perry who!! Go Pack Go!!
So happy I can stay connected to the people I care about most in America. On my way to Paris :)
Blonde before graduation. Yaaaaay!
yeah we are
VICOM-125 Students: I'm sitting with the author of our textbook at the airport in Orlando. We're on the same flight to Milwaukee.
don't their buses run on natural gas? They cause earthquakes too. Fml
working on an imprinted pen order. Thanks Huong!
wow i am really blonde when it comes to playing call p\of duty its fun though
Just improvised a white chocolate raspberry silk torte on the fly for a tasting in 2 hrs. Fingers crossed.
The best Hulk there has ever been.
my name is also rod and i like to party
awww! :( just remember: your feelings deserve to be honored as much as everyone else's. Don't prioritize them by risking u.
you missed the Spinny Bar closing Plenary remarks at the mobile parade
Enjoy, enjoy!
I thought it'd be something encouraged.
It's too damn hot
twitter war.....? I THINK YES :D
The guy sitting in front of me looks like Stu from the Hangover
is tired of trying, sick of crying, yea I'm smiling, but inside I'm dying :p
wait..where's the funny part that was talking about?!NATH!haha
I wish I were sane. Sane people have friends. To keep them sane.
Love when my Vovo send me a valentines day card with $5 in it!
I wonder if is at the Cubs/Cards game today. #goodluckcharm :)
such beautiful veils! Made my heart melt just a tad!
0844 880 2010....It's the only number you'll need for all your business telecom requirements :)
Of course!
Is mediation right tries to review CEO's education records with previews and outs of Afghan war.
RT : Hydrate hydrate HYDRATE today ladies !!<more like SHOP SHOP SHOP! LOL
Heading to UW basketball media days. Updates coming soon! Stay calm
Glad you like it! Will definitely pass along the congrats to the right folks!
we need to plan a trip here! And the run situation was horrific, yet hilarious.
What's up with all these #casino table games with these mind-bending difficult-ass rules?! , you guys are safe!
AA credit rating, huh... I guess I should start investing in barrels and suspenders.
I thought they canceled that show?
I love it that my boyfriend stands up for me when people are being rude and talking shit about me :/ <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
aha, another instance of the true value of black life
What is this "doornail" that people are deader than? Never saw one.
Kobe bout to lose a 150 m's
& suga free- 'till the dawn'
I agree lol
Just got back from taking a group of kids to see Earth at the El Capitan. First 60 minutes-GOOD! Last 60 minutes-well let's just say long.
holy ishhhh is right.
route: Tenth Avenue Freeze Out. Our running guru has apparently been listening to too much Bruce again. Baby we were born to run!
soo your gonna be twitter famous really soon & I just want you to remember some of the people that first followed you<3
Sending my love to u and Mr. C, I pray he feels better soon.
Just saw amazingly powerful video made by an Asian-American student for her class. Shows the power of digital storytelling. Wow.
Do you ever feel that some people should not be allowed to talk?
It's probably about 10 hours from Southwest Virginia.
yes I am.
I attended church with my thoroughly gorgeous young best friend Wendy, and we had breakfast at a place called "The Pink Apple." It was nice.
I did plz
Thx to , & all who participated in today's #socmed sessions w/ & me for ! Good conversation.
Bro my verse to dat Drake beat is bout to shock the fuck out of u.. my verse is ever rappers fav rappers fav rappers fav verse.
Life marches by, I suggest you get on with it. Joy Baluch
Atlas Twitched
Yeah, and I love how he already has haters. You know you're good if you're 19 and already have a ton of haters.
Chane & Griff working on finishing the dunk...
should i jus delete my facebook all together? i think im leaning towards it!
Love it when you talk that talk to me!
And somebody just went by with a camera and tripod
:D <3 we gotta play black ops again!!
brady to Branch and a gain of 8 1st down. Brady Passes deep and incomplete.
Hit one over the right field fence in little league practice tonight #firsttime. Opening day on Tuesday!!!
Today is a good day
I'm glad we're talking.. Get things laid out before we say goodbye for good...??
You missed the important part where he RUNS A REAL WOODSHOP IN CHICAGO! HOLY SHIT-SNACKS!
Get at me! #get at me
Real soul music is NOT about loudness or booty calls.Listen to the greats and "true"understanding will come
Good night tweetos!! Ciao
My account was hacked sorry if something offensive was sent from my account have not been on until I received message from you
Have referred to #sxswLAM folks as both "library elves" & the "library cabal" in the past week. Seriously amazed at how much is happening.
So mad I dropped my phone... I needa new outer box -_-
I glad kim got her foot in her neck... stink pussy hoe!!!
Spark notes is a lifesaver #thankthelord <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Y'all heifers gone stop laughing at me. I'm stressed out by lack of sex over here <U+2639>
When cats drink water, their tongues move so fast that the human eye cannot track what is happening.
RT : Granite "don't take your mom.for granite"..lmfaoooooooo....phones don't come with auto correct no more...
you're a good girl. you were able to contain yourself.
#jaredsullinger will be on sportscenter for the wrong reasons
Right - but fun that it's in MN!
playing all night be there
gah so stressed out right now! last night in dc until 2012!!
Do you ever sleep? Workin'
Its not enough to just say "I believe" and not question anything. Those questions help us grow in the gospel, it does not show disrespect.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a wonderful #Easter Sunday
leave my man alone #Suspect , Is not texting you! What do you want!!! Hehehehe
And, Virginia #THATCamp-ers, just 2 more days to add your < 500-word session ideas to the blog! We're getting excited!
Thank you for the follow =) You are an amazing person and singer!
Sweat pants Nike's and sports bra yea I got to go shopping a girl gotta look fancy (: -BGC
it would be nice if the my client center on google adwords would update more often...conversions are always way off
I wonna phuck wit u baby
Laker fans have your brooms ready
Very proud and pumped to fight for Big thanks to my team coach
lol thanks man!
don't be jell, son - we'll be there soon! Rt “: #jealous Hurry up and open on 19th street!”
These soups work for the weekend: Tomato Bisque, Andouille Sausage& Bell Pepper, Turkey Wild Rice, Chicken Dumpling and Veggie Noodle!
The worst thing about loving someone is knowing they don't love you back.</3
The only thing that endures is character. Fame and wealth--all that is illusion. All that endures is character.
I heard that there were some tasty treats from in your goody bags!
Black Friday Beer Release! Nexus Maximus IPA a few customers wanted a strong IPA @ 9.4% ABU and 100+ IBU, your wish is our command!
Big meeting with the PGA SW Section and the GRN Team today. Love being a Golfpreneur!
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from #WomenBuild 2012 and beyond. HabitatMiami
The Uni spam filter makes interesting decisions. Email from an African prince? DELIVER IT! From the PI of my project? YOU DON'T NEED THAT!
love you too, thanks.
thanks for keeping us in mind. Hope to talk more soon.
I'm going drive thru and this guy was just like "I just wanna letchu know, your makeup looks JUST right." Uh thanks...
You're getting another tattoo? What is this one?
if anything, an infant adds focus! haha.
Rain makes everyone on the #Metro crazy and everyone on the road drive like crap
Well I'm working on burning my mom her own CD. I hope our neighbors enjoy blasted late 70's and 80's music. :)
One of most dangerous places to be is alone.
Yo man! You have the same cell #? Texted you last night, not sure if it got to you. Can you send me Matika's current #?
Americas Got Talent in a few but for now The Substitute this show is hilarious
you are amazing!!! Follow me please
happy g-day
Your followers to following ration is quite amusing...I guess it's safe to say 1 out of 3 people like you?
AW SHIT #OKEGIRLZ TAKING OVER MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND IN DA CHI 5/25 LIL KIM YUP (QUEEN BEE) PAJAMA JAM!! GET SEXY!!
you're not getting VIP anymore?
I love that!
How's your day, Beyonce?
probably not sleeping tonight since i slept all day.
WE impose meaning on the chaos of our lives. WE create form, morality, order. It's a choice we have to make every second of every day.
aww i wish u cld have gone and take pics 4 me'!!!!
We are doing what we can to inform the public of the true nature of religion & also why the world is as it is (how it became as it is).
Ah the lovely day of Sunday. Lmaoo. Thinkin about people. People i LOVE
It's Support Teen Literature Day!! What are you reading?
This weather is so amazing!!!! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Who else was gonna get ice time?
Watching a scary movie wit my girls
Sweating madly and feeling sassy...hot yoga rules!
Can you follow me back? Please!;)
stop by tomorrow for a sneak peek of the new STITCH-EQ Black/White by #MIKELPATRIK!
underrated gem
And we can't wait to have you here! RT Standing on my amazing balcony ! Can't wait to move-in in a few weeks :)
#KillYourself lol RT : all this fucking rain makes me want to kill myself..
i can handle that
Come join Saz today from 2-4pm at the State House and conratulate him for 35 wonderful years of "The Finest!" www.sazs.com
happy to hear!!
John: "i want it aallll over me"
In the Venice studio with , living & loving LIFE!
damn bro :o
Hike, Bike, Run, Boat, Live Music....
Information should be within the reach of everyone, not just the rich or those who have access through privileged channels
Heres to hoping the new staff focuses even more on Hines. He's an underutilized weapon
We just got like 4 donations in the last hour... thanks so much guys.
follow my round new to twitter he followback
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join , & at BOMBAY RANCH
Now THAT would put a dent in the student loans! :-)
Really digging team collaboration tool. Free, super easy to use, friendly UI. Making my big projects much easier these days.
Gym- n- it up
Random complaint: Respectable professionals NOT washing their hands after using the toilet. Not cool.
That's great!
haha okie dokie. aw, hopefully you'll be blessed with tickets ! may the odds be ever in your favor :D x
have we got a treat for you!
Hey check this out its free! good for spreading the word about your music!
Damn I forgot my belt again at the gym
I'm the real Trevor
send us an EPK if you have one.
Thanks. I need to reformat for the new theme size, but it does the job. I like the website!
Happy Birthday to the awesomest guy who can't skate that good but who can sing like there isn't anything to it! Happy Birthday
Happy New Year!
yea that is serious mustache drawing skill lol
We even place the morals of ourpets aboveour own,for if a pet attacks us,its penalty is death.Then we attack each other,how are we not wrong
yeah sorry 0:
We want to hear from you! What #MKE area businesses would you like to receive deals from via text?
The Japanese sure are efficient in everything.
if it was stupid then u should just tell him that so u guys can just move 4ward...unless it's not worth it
I didn't get my snow cone :O
So disgusting and vile what DT is doing to people in many countries!
It's certainly a favorite around these parts. Just a few more days, then we gotta switch it up.
Rounders = party girls. KK = Kim Khardasian.
AW. Hell of a inning by the Tampa 3B
please follow me your so gorgeous and talented :)
you are special:D and haha idk anyone wid my last name ;o besides my family...
I'm mad asL
Great workout today. That Dynavec Hip superset w/ARX leg press is a wheel wrecker! Lots of PFX folks takin elevator in March ;-)
Thanks! Hope you enjoy!
covered in restrictive rags?
hey can't wait to see you tonight
indeed! I've heard good things about that spot
let me taste that cake
RT I have nearly finished my exercise, then wine *smiles*
At angel event listening to #fundraising+you
sent her hey wit a smiley face...bitches love happiness
#imagine Niall: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Niall: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
nuerogenetic feedback, hereditary, ancestral, societal, ENVIRONMENT. How much influence does the external environment have on the internal
Oh Lousiville is Beautiful 2 day .My little man IS WITH ME. He is so fab. He has his own Cam and is taking some utube vids YEAH 9 YEARS OLD
ooh, that is rough.
awesome- praise God! Congrats, Veronica!!
Thanks for inviting me to speak. I was honored to address the graduates. Once a Bearcat. Always a Bearcat.
yes yes:) very exited!!!
Liars never prosper!
I really should've known better than to buy "Maryland Style Crab Cakes" in New Mexico :/
you're such a fag.
occurring this week
That first feelin I gotta find love even if it kills me
I just discovered iTunes U. Listen to a lecture on Russian formalism while I drive, run, or cook? Yes please.
God spiderman totally needs to fly in, and then fall 40 feet. broadway!!!
Sunday morning thought: I have never seen a U-Haul attached to a hearse. It is both a sobering thought and a call to action. Enjoy the Day!
So nice out<333333333333
we are so awkward and shy :(
Can Newton
thanks amanda! great picture!
darn spell chk ! STAND UP!!!
congrats again on "Best Presentation"! I look forward to seeing how this develops!
Since I won't be there can you whisper it in my ear? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>
grrr she makes me wanna scream
Just finished Guerilla Marketing..great book...looking forward to using some new weapons as our site launch is just around the corner
too bad Miami Heat. >>>> <U+2764><U+2764> DONT YOU CALL ME A BANDWAGON. I've liked Miami before Lebron ok. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
can't wait to see you either unc! It's over!!! Ru ru gamma Ru. 1
People are raising funds for Chubby from "Our Gang"'s headstone. Perhaps they should also find him a more clever nickname. #Where'sSpanky?
Sunny for the rest of the week and in to next! Happy hour EVERYDAY starting at 3pm! AND we have a patio!
i would offer but i dont do my own homework
I am having a great day.
tweeting at you from across the table..... MAC N CHEESE
hahaha it really is! when i saw you post that i was like omg thats weird lol
hey u it's been awhile do I need to get out the hater tech glock a MF and bust a move? Lol
Fascinating interview on shrinkrapradio.com - a Jungian Approach to Fairy Tales with Tom Elsner.
I have planned an extra obnoxious two hours of radio on and tonight from 2a-4a....you should listen.
Amazing show tonight. Thanks to all who came to support. Great Job!
GO FOLLOW
Suck my cockiness lick my persuasion
- I'm so Sleepy Buht My New Friend Said He Fina Cum Ova So Hell I Guess I'm Fina Chill With Him !
Will be headed to Fairburn, GA on Wednesday for an auction! Check it out at www.njgallivan.com!
It's Bleak Movie Week at my house. Tues night: Winter's Bone. Last night: Sling Blade.
I swear this OG on the bus has to be #freshout. He getting geeked over every woman he sees
After being introduced to in Next to Normal, I am loving her performance in Great theatre today!
What OS are you running on your laptop? Which version of Windows/MacOS?
Dude took it old school with the game, hat, and flowers
“: No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.”
JandJTech thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
How can we avoid difficult conversations at IEP meetings?.
Still don't kno what to do for your boo on V-day?? come take ArtOfSeduction class 8:30-9:30 at tonight n show off sum sexy!!
Bored is all. Enjoy yourself! :-)
When they snooze we up
FAQ#6: will the use of clipart in my papers improve my grade? A: in most cases, yes. however, this is contingent on my level of amusement
what yu on bro
Jan 21,2012: Advance Auto Parts Monster Jam: 2:00pm: Bradley Center.
"Lsd swag blame it on the drugs" -
Freakish. The first of the asparagus in the garden is about 2 days away from being ready to harvest. Three to four weeks early.
going to cover Tea for 200 in an hour, I'm really nervous now, cuz everyone's reminding me to be careful at that event
I'm not saying i'm not trying to be your friend. I just hate the choices you're making.
great! Keep up the good works.:-)
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction. - BIGMPG
Hangin' with Pata on Olvera Street...found some sales!!!
I gotta let my baby Jo move on with his life, that's gonna be hard. WHAT ABOUT WALLACE THAT'S HIS BABY
Glad to see gas tax. For us bus riders, makes suburbanites pouring into work on Monday pay their fair share
great which me good luck I have a jump rope presentation tomorrow my day would be better if you tweeted me plzz PLZZ REPLY
Urban Outfitter. Stocking up and taking inventory for a future National Championship. Outstanding job by Coach and his staff!!!
Jesus, I love you and I thank you for dying on the cross for me. Nothing I say or do will ever repay what youve done for me Happy Easter!!
“One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.” Ariel Durant, born 5/10/1898.
What's up Bowie, TX!? Just passing through, no worries.
Thanks for mention! Hope you enjoyed the Q & A!
I bet you did better than you think! I'm not sure how I did... but I'll find out soon
Glad you liked it! RT was great! Our rolls were awesome & we had a great tuna pizza appetizer :)
This man got on a #swag chain o_o ;; no
Very sweet! Must make a dad very proud :-)
I don't know how to make anything.
it was last sunday :(
You too Nick!
. Your challenge is to develop a minimum core community which shares a common culture. From there, all things grow...
When you live six blocks from work, a #snowday is never an option
MirrorSleeves will be adding a new product line soon... hear it first on Twitter!
i know im praying for way too much.
What Matters for Staying on-track & graduating for #ELLs? 9th grade performance is a critical indicator and predictor for ELLs.
2 Falcons, it was only 2. And they won me games! Haha.
Trying to get my hands around the info included in the non-population U.S. Census schedules Ancestry.com has added. Images hard to read.
As mainstream sportswriter, I often contracted w/major magazines; never met editors in person. Just gotta be careful...
re: volunteering w/ PDMA there's interest. Can you contact them through the PDMA STL website and I'll also pass your info on.
Thought I was over the bridge now...
When do you ship out?
At the game tonight! Looking for the #sweep!
And in dating, it's not quantity that matters, it's reciprocation by someone who you want to reciprocate.:)
Thinkin boot ketchup chips, and for some reason, the game battle ship.
#makeitorbreakit season premiere!! :)
Replay of IU vs. Kentucky on #ESPNU right now. Nice!
No your limit when you drink
ok. Sorry just wondering lol. & GOOD.
Narcolepsy : What's the disease called when you sleep randomly? Necrophilia? Laziness? Old Age?
Seems like nothing good enough
uh-huh, and what are u doing?
click like on this status if your Christmas decorations are already put away!
LMAO i do miss you
As a good Alabama boy, I gotta resemble that remark...
Shattered video release at midnight tonight!!! Please retweet :)
These Low 11s
Congratulations to our team camp champions, Arapahoe Warriors! Runners-up Overland Trailblazers. Consolation Champs: Lewis-Palmer
Ugh i want me a damn snow cone soo bad
My only consolation is that these people will be nursing hangovers until Sunday.
Hahahahah lmao please stopppop it's better in person I swear! I just have to drive it for 2 yrs until I buy my own;) FWM
wish I was there
13 1/2 hour work day. Dizzy and nauseous now. Treating myself to a cab ride home instead of taking the subway. I deserve it
Thanks for the tip. We ordered wine. :)
Laptop study hall for seniors Tues. @ OCC Library 10 am. Learn Windows basics and Internet searches.
Reading the World Economic Forum's Global Risks report over coffee and , wishing I worked for the World Economic Forum .
Saw the Whiskey Sisters play a happy hour show at Continental Club last night. Consider me a new fan.
I look forward to coming home and working out now.
USC players been paid like pros for years...NO SURPRISE!
Brain Floss: The Greek word “ortho” means straight in english, thus, an orthodontist is a dentist who straightens teeth!
Win or lose, i know my Heat will bounce back. Good night
So tired. Have to work tomorrow... :( How are you? Did you have a good day at work?
Went for a supply run in anticipation of weekend guests. Came back with just liquor, beer and cheese.
feel better.
All I can say is Don't hate, Congratulate, maybe One day you can Participate.
Photo credit is at bottom of story. It was an LA Times photographer.
:Hey you!
Ordering dinner on #iPad fun when out. Being 100th person that day to touch screen - not fun.
Happy earth day everyone. Go out and plant a tree :)
About to be a good day with
wouldn't be surprised to see on shower registries..so many parents i know get them for "parenting help"
Hey, how'd that Aston Villa meeting go?
i dont know your name, i dont care about you
I tried to help but chattered, and then we all ran off depressed.
Follow me n da team
-The city would not enforce the snow law when I complained. You MUST change this Catania!
During the holiday season, we think it’s totally cool to eat two waffles in one sitting. In fact, it’s encouraged.
im out~~
it was great discussing #mentoring #advising & #informallearning at the CAEA event last night! These are such important topics.
Got the dvr set for the later showing. Too busy watching the #Packers right now. This was one of my fav shows with Billy & you.
Errbody and they mama work at trane
I'm excited to work the Susan G. Komen race tomorrow!
Well, my headphones blew and the cord ripped :( time to get me a 2nd pair of beats.
I love talent show tv
Sweet potato + microwave + 8 min = bingo
Anything will help. Thanks so much for taking the time to visit this page
M for lunch. Better than White Castle. Don't tell Melissa I said that.
Is that a real show? I think you can do a bit. It's begging for it.
Flying a baby helicopter after work is a good way to relieve stress
That's hilarious.
read analyses of it that liken the game to manifest destiny because technically the space for fair balls extends infinitely
Athens is fun
thanks M. Been riding 40 miles in an hour on a bike almost every day. Loving the fit life.
Too bad #Jeter can't pitch too.
I see a wine from the Elerding Vineyard on the menu, they're very good friends of mine! That carpaccio sounds divine.
you'll regret it before bed tonight
I've been alright. Wasting a lot of time. I need a job too. Hard to find.
So on my drive home I followed a truck full of what I can only figure to be deer skins. 1st thought, ewww. 2nd thought, jerky.
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3,,
Sure! Tomorrow when more folks tuned in?
we love you guys! Rookie Moms Rocks!
nothing like a useless label. on my new badge: "Affiliation: Affiliate" ... just so you know i'm affiliated, i guess
yeah I just did, I'll let you know what's going on with that
just saw the Greeny Dance. Glad you had fun and didn't blow a knee doing that kneeling backbend.
Just got back from scrappin at RSKA!
Thanks for the intro Peter! NIce to meet you Brady! I'm right in the middle of Cap Hill. Should grab a beer sometime.
Not only consider it, I'd do it. Baltimore defense is beastly, Kolb is playing like a high school QB, Manningham has a chance
Yea i would be too! :)
#ThinkinBoutYou Good morning
I hate it when people on Facebook delete and than add me again -_-
The Twitter flirting between and is adorable.
Any smell something burning? Oh right my bad. it must be the midnight oil... Or maybe it's the wick at both ends.
have fun at prom bestfriend (: ill go with You ner year
sup G
Anyone watching this gorgeous sunset over downtown rva tonight?
thanks for following me. If you are a handler for Gov. Romney, thank you too.
June Plans: Every Saturday Morning -> Voice Lessons...Every Saturday Afternoon/Evening -> Studio....yep that sounds about right
Tomorrow for lunch, plan on coming to see us at Grazie! Noon-3PM, we've got 9.95 all you can eat for FL residents! (13.95 for non residents)
good luck at the next level Marcus. I'll be pulling for you.
Sunday is now and BreakfastQuest is why. I have no clue what that really means. But I could eat.
"Things do not change; we change." ~Henry David Thoreau
#np doin my job... under 25 staying alive is hard work
How's the knee? Get well soon
Talk about an intense manicure! These Brooklyn fashionistas have figured out how to bring the runway to their fingertips!...
Kevin leave those brooms I got a feeling they not needed today.
yes! I am in the airport in florida right now! :)
Getting a workout at the hotel gym! :)
Watching the news :/
She's pretty awesome - what a funny & engaging 5min :) RT : I love ! She's SO AWESOME.
Keep cool with a #bucks4bunks fan and support our cause. Stop by our booth right outside the Pig Racing Arena and get your own.
#entertainment Easter egg hunting with my boys. Candies ever more!
After planning the company holiday party, I realize I could never be an event planner (my orig career plan)
Just like me back. Fuck.! Is that to much to ask.?
Pretty ok with these monthly hangs in SF with
Long day at SixFlags! So much fun, now It's time to sleep. 9-5 rehearsal in the morning ugh!
ATTENTION RUSHERS DON'T BUY anything! MAKE IT yourself!They said so themselves...
looking forward to tonight's interview.
Celebrating easter with the family and
Just spent $1,230 at Costco on candy supplies for Sunday. I know what you're thinking. Don't worry, I'll be making another run Saturday.
Oh Yeah, so many of these.
I love how #DowntonAbbey depicts the first wave of #feminism. Most people think the women's rights movt. evolved in the 1960's. No so.
thanks! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
never:) you can't get rid of me. EVER.
Snoring boyfriend... love him but I want to plug his nose
I bet I miss you more lol
- PLAYING tonight
Hi Rock Star. You were perfect on #Grimm. Did u have to audition with that scene? DAY-UM! Nice work. :)
you know ill take you to another world EEEEEEHHHVERY DAY IN EEEEEHVERY WAY OH
Do you have a Go Local card yet? If not your missing out on great deals and great local businesses!
wow a blog post about your epic bingo night. Did you read too ?
Wynkoop Catalyst Ale at while I sketch out a schedule of diss writing this summer.
Was that Shaq leaving thing supposed to be funny?
im blessed <3
Hey Scott DM us the size you need and we can get you a new one in the mail Tuesday. Can you drop the other in the mail?
If I ever got famous I would still be a hardcore hooligan!!!! #Hooligan4Life !!
I bet Groundhog Day is every weatherman's favorite movie. Yes, there's a movie called The Weatherman, but Groundhog Day is just way better.
Check out the weeklong Bid-A-Thon to benefit Dane Buy Local! The online auction is open until 9/30: www.facebook.com/#!/DaneExclusiveDeals
Most relationships are like Rick Ross, They don't work out.
Chilling at my dads
Happy Birthday! You are so lucky to have so many parties!
Ah, that's how that works.
can we get on the mixtape?
My grandparents are coming from #DR This weekend the whole famz is coming to the house,should be a nice weekend.
I'm so sad! My dog died this morning! ):
Lina , why are you so pretty ? :O <U+2665>
The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs...one step at a time - Joe Girard
Man you Heat fans weak and foul ass fuck .... Y'all make poking fun at y'all suck ass team boring ...
I don't understand why someone would put butter on a stick, fry it and eat it...willingly and in public.
those things get HOT. I'll be honest I think that thing creates more heat than everything in my studio
do feel awkward taliking since i am younger than you ??
Absolutely, I would love to come back next fall for another COPE retreat!
alright I'll do that! I'm a bit nervous to delete this account so it might take a bit to come to my senses! Haha
Ew. You are gross
great day for a game especially in Oxford!
i've never seen gone with the wind :( but I think I should watch it ;)
It’s easy to believe someone when they’re telling you exactly what you want to hear.
Tutorials, photoshop and more - How To Find A Reliable Web ...
u know I take that as a compliment right? Lol so thanks(:
Thanks for coming by and saying hello! It was great to meet you. I look forward to your tweets.
I love these cherry donuts.. m yummy!
10,000 chickens! RT : I'm having a party, I need to get me some chickens. I need a lot of chickens.
CTFU <U+E412> ! she was like are u all ottah your fucking minds and the tire smashed ha into pieces ... don't mean to laugh but that was funny
starting tomorrow; working out everyday and dropping all junk food!
#IWishYouKnew that i still love you...
possibility rocks RT : The ground state at the core of your being is also the ground of the universe, both are pure possibility
You are adorable here and in other forms.
How about that?! We broke the temp record in Portland says on 87 degrees. Old record 86.
That's some hot cheese
Thanks for following!
thanks brothha. im gonna give it some time & it all should work out well
Im gone really make her feel special once I get situated n da army later
: So true, now if only I can find her!
man i pulled out my heart 101 shirt n burst out laughin...were u there that night wen tt was she wants the dick?
My first children's book is illustrated and complete!
Did you switch to Time Warner? :)
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
i know who you are!
you just have to let him get comfortable soon all he'll want is your attention
I have been so down lately, trying so hard to be positive.
Holy wind tunnel downtown. I might blow over walking <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
Can someone explain to me what she got out of that?
": You callin me races?" Sorry I know you only discriminate against PT Cruiser drivers
Everyone needs to believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
I'm still awaiting a response...!
That awkward moment when you remember something but you don't know if it was real or just a dream.
I like ron paul in the debates...he's all hardcore purist lol
"Instructions for not letting your dog bite you. Just run away! That is so easy to follow." --Badgerdog 3rd grader
looms LARGE in final minute of Lakers/Denver: huge 3, steal & locks down Ty Lawson on last possession, forcing a bad shot.
What music scenes are you hitting this weekend? The Pops may be on summer break but there's still plenty of great music in the tri-state!
Price boss.
In gran manzana for for meetings today and tonight, staying on UWS this time, cena esta noche--rancho cafe on amsterdam. back to DC tomorrow
Audition and working on the new HBO pilot "The Newsroom" today!! One step at a time :)
#clippers comeback is almost as good as #tmac dropping 13 points in 35 seconds to beat #spurs down 10...
follow me please? you are soo pretty ^.< how are you today? :) i hope you have a great day<3
But at least then they can say, of what they wrote, "I was misquoted."
You mean you're not a fan of anti-climactic endings brought on by bullshit, on the nose speeches?
Thanks & i told my dad i didnt want to be set up..lol
pop quiz ! what is austins favorite color ?
#GradeSim iPhone app for students - Great Grade simulator and GPA tracker. Check it out on the iTunes store. t.co/ZJNUfBfp
We have a local celebrity designer in Raleigh! helps host the show "George to the Rescue"! We will post a clip later!
P.S. I'm in Menomonee Falls and there are A LOT of young kids here. It'll be interesting to see how the movie plays for them.
Getting ready to shoot another short film. This time as an outrageous French fencing official. Gonna be fun.
could you PLEASE tell me the flight info for when the boys come to nyc?:) <3
RT : It behooves (film actors) to join the union (digital). Why would you want to stay in an 18th...
The next time i hear some fool say a clit is just a small dick I'm gon tell em to
RT. Happy New Year to everyone!;)<U+2665>
keep me out off your mouth
but not as good as eggnog! ;-)
Why was my mom trying to list my hobbies for a presentation she's doing and this was her list: drinking, partying, and getting arrested -__-
I had a lovely mothers day yesterday
boy u taught me everything Yea u show me how to think you're the only one blame Its such shame yeah should lost the game u tell me how2 play
. One of the best athletes ever! Welcome to Twitter. 16/34
I hate being alone, gives me too much time to over think...
Forget Sunday Funday. Its nice out. Make it a Sunday Run-day. We have a game this week. -Kia
But a nigga work hard on gs.
I used a China ball lamp & Ed Burns on his film Newlyweds used only a china ball & natural lighting. It's a nice diffuser
love it!
Let us know if you need any help! We have a ton on our website.
NOW is your time to act.
• Even though it benefits us, it's hard to watch. One of my favorite pitchers.
Aceves didn't make it look easy but it got done.
like really bad pmfg why
fuck you lol I knew it
Frick. Gotta carry this big ass binder to school. But I'm relieved its off my shoulders.
Sorry man i think 103 but im not certain RT : lol. Meant the Sections BC gave out to fan base.
You need to step up thy Twitter game. I have 11 more followers, nevermind 8 of them are random strippers/porn stars. Still counts.
It's a shame that Paul was drowned out of the debates. He is very knowledgeable and has excellent viewpoints for the future.
Why thanks! And thanks for the RT too.
Guys I am the real holly please refollow!
Just now coming home from a night at the beach. :)
we'll work something out.
did you dream about your iPod?
Afternoon at college pres lecture on juvenile justice. Interesting connections with college students & civility & modeling.
when we run more, i'll direct them to you for sure! in the meantime, we do have a 4L60E holiday promo till end of Feb...
Lately it feels like I'm living out of a suitcase.
sure thing.
Hey ! I'm following you now! Follow back? btw I LOVE your background! :)
Follow follow follow!!! Please!! :).. IF you follow me now then why not follow my new page as well
Really hope the Celtics keep The man has lived and almost literally died during his time there. Deserves to finish his run.
Anyone attending any sessions in NYC?
I'm somewhat lucky because she sleeps a lot I retired so I could be her caregiver. I belong to a
what's wrong?
A lot of midschool users on Pocket Tales love historical fiction. They start bc it's assigned, but stick w/it
thanks for the RT and feedback!
Jerry Berman says the real failure is the lack of 3rd party solutions to child protection online
Thks just replied hello, i have DM u
From a soccer newbie 1)tired of fancy footwork. 2)felt the guys had given up @ end. should've had at least 1 pt.
It's almost 6pm local time, which means it's time to workout!
What a awesome game.....to bad a kicker missed the last extra point.....big miss
text me now
Imma google it right now
It's never a good sign when 3 cop cars are outside your apartment.
I wish I could go to Durant this weekend and party down with all my ladies and dudes.
nm.. been super busy with school. u?
happy birthday, !:) #Mahomies love you!<3333
My youth reporters ask the tough questions
A GAY MIME
Feeling very grateful for my H.S. Algebra teacher, Mrs. Kight. I raised my hand a lot in her class and she made me smarter.
Well Spring Break got the best of any sleeping schedule i once had
Write write writing my paper :)
2 more followers till 300!! Please help:) Would mean ALOT. :D
Try Fireman Ale sir.
"If we don't begin with the unmet need of the customer, we're going to miss (the mark)." - Bob Schwartz ('73 industrial design)
So your saying they needed to Format and reinstall? Hopefully Kentucky doesn't have a Virus that requires that.
Thanks friend! Hugs!
Double chocolate cake with chocolate milk buttercream frosting for Matts birthday cake. Now for fondants creating, wish me luck.
u encouraged me to never give up my dreams
#WNC ASHEVILLE HENDERSONVILLE #FOLLOW Founder of #Horsebiz. Blogger. Horse, Western Lifestyle enthusiast. Horse Industry,
shout out for shout out anyone??????????
It's not me that's changed. All that this does is piss me off and disappoint me.
disclaimer: despite my excessive use of twitter and facebook in past 24 hours, I've been quite productive.
Hey , do you have much experience with Oil & Gas? Western PA, Ohio, WV, or Colorado?
Ok auto spell calm down, why would I mean hertz when I type in jeez - Serious Question
so then dont follow me an who are you justins manager ? telling me what i can an cant do just unfollow me an thats it
Its hard to be a positive person when you are surrounded by dumb motherfuckers...
Feb 16, '42 articuse says use of hydrogen peroxide to clean wounds, combat gangrene discovered @ Bataan field hospital. Is true?
the joy's of summer. jumping in the lake, fire works, carnivals, eating
nothin in common but fabulous hair.
There is just no nice way I can ask my parent's friends to remove me from their mass email prayer request list.
Layin down listening to #girl yhu ride that dick so good. &nd thinking bout all this shit that's goin on i can't believe it!
So much going on with our Blazers right now... sheesh!
Great sporst slate today with cbb and cfb. But why in the hell is there nothing on from 2-3est?
Romped around in the snow at the arboretum today. Hard to revisit the sunshine and glittery white stuff.
Woke up this morning thinking bout oomf
breaking: Peyton Manning named NFL MVP for 4th time
Dean Judi Smith says expansion of critical courses were funded thru student tuition/chancellors office.
Lost my ear rinq because of ! -___- your qon qet it bud
Pushing to get this day over. Like to get my Xmas lights put up someday.
Wht low-lives wld do this? Wht urged them to do it? Hatred? Yes, but wht lies created that hatred?
just wanted to thank for being #green and #eco friendly!!!!!
Okk goodnight peps^^
why do you need a grinder?
Are you excited for your birthday???
Timmy breaks out the tried-true method of a pitcher in trouble—the fake-to-third-fake-to-first chestnut
Hey, tomato aspic is alive and well on the Eastern Shore of VA
Banning babies and toddlers is not a very "motherly" suggestion.
That's the way ya do it! Tonight coldest night in weeks. But the tomatoes are gonna LOVE the weekend!
you weally think so? Thanks pal!
will prob never see this but whatevs!!! How ya doin Niall!! hope your feeling better<3
#glee from 4-10. Predictable, pedantic, and too much blaine. said it best: I can't wait until this episode ends
want to know how to get more auditions? post your burning questions about acting here:
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
When are you going to sing?? :D
“: God, I'm so stressed out. Shoot me now.” ditto !!! This semester sucked !!!
Who wants to DM right now ?? ;D
Laser Teeth WhiteningIn today’s world, visual appearance is considered to be a key component in achieving success in any field.
Monday sucks
listening to my music from my itunes
you got that right! You are pretty cool.
Yes! My backyard is a 24/7 nature show. :)
My Mavs gone put all this Lin stuff on hold for today...
Not meeting your 2012 #fitnessgoals ? Were they realistic, attainable, or important to you? It's never too late to reevaluate!
I can not sleep, I can not dream tonight.
What's this originality thing I keep hearing so much about?
I'm smiling with my friends.. xx.
omw up this school -.-
Thanks for checking in with us and , we hope you enjoyed San Diego!
That was an unbelievable shot from kemara to end the half
": Darvish's final pitch of the night was stinkin' filthy." Truest statement to date
Prevent anxiety through initiating internal change as opposed to attempting to change external circumstances.
love the profile pic :)
When summer makes up shit i say?<<<
Thanks to for the FF!!
Shoes with no socks is what I rock
Guess its back to sleep for me until bout 12
Cant wait to eat p0pcorn at the club =) hahaha i totally love my job
haha & teachers would be like: "purple must be your favorite color you say it all the time" lmao
Check out our great weekend specials!! Crab croquettes w. lemon Coa mayo, pan-seared beef tenderlon & cannolis w. whip & tequila caramel!!!!
Yep. Sedan races. Or taxicab races, if you prefer.
Helps to hav a female friend dat u can tlk to I need 1
Ahh looks gorgeous! Hope you're having a great time :)
Excited about our recent nomination as one of the finalists in the CTIA's E-Tech Awards!
ahaha. Sent a female coworker to get a picture of fitting it in her mouth. Perfect.
What the what? May 1st? What happened to April 30th?
Time to start this essay
Love his PG in the 70s meant prolonged nudity and takeout scenes.
I just thought a philosophical sounding quote would flow. Haa ctfu
Sorry to be snarky about it. We did enjoy our dinner very much.
No reason to live? Learn how to overcome what looks impossible at this free online conference:...
no I havent. I just been busy that's all
oh my, this has been one of the busiest days I have had, it's crazy!!
LOVED the show. LOVE YOU! Thank you!!!!!
Problem-based learning models stimulate thought and action
LOL well of course YOU don't think so... your probably only 12.... 13 at the most. nothing's embarrassing at that age ;D
Thanks for the mention!
Great little ones make bad grown ups
it is never good when mentions your team... RT : LOL GREG DAVIS LOL IOWA LOL LOL”
Come hang at the blue Nile for The Big Way show on open ears. Yes, I mean you.
Pretty sunset in Austin tonight
could the Omega project use some designers' help?
I'll head over when I get out of work at about 5.
RT : Following you, LIKE'd the Beast page and already checked out some products! awesome stuff!!- thanks! :)
Closing out #TEDxChange #TEDxDupont with some great tunes with
It would help if you had a website attached to your account...
Love too tease & play <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Tune in to NBC10 this Sat night for Rhode Bytes featuring our very own Shelby Bruisin, Baby Fighterfly, Vicious Stylz, and Hellcat!
Time to bake the doughnuts.
So glad you're back safely!! See ya Thursday!
where is you Mistah I'm not paying you a lot of do ra me to be my pitch man.. Is you out there pitching
You are welcome! I'm reading your book and I love your work..let me know when you'll be in the SF area. Therese'
Nice! I'm actually out here checking out colleges. Seriously considering the Grizz
I hope they can make you happy
you said you "dont" hahahaha YOU LOSE!
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles I would never let him go <3
During a skype call... OH: Do you have red winged blackbirds? ... Good ear!!!
HEY DONT WORRY BLACK PEOPLE IN UGANDA US WHITE PEOPLE WILL SAVE YOU (BY LINKING TO A VIDEO ON OUR FACEBOOK PROFILES)
"Have you seen a skinny, black girl?" "Africa movies."
PAUL HEYMAN! HOLY SHIT! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT! OMG!
For realsiess? Well there just may be some accommodations awaiting your arrival...
starts teaching English to French teens on Monday... we'll see how this goes!
The Aquifer Tonight. I'll be in the mix @ 10pm.
Why do u have 2
I'm thinking about finishing that video of me singing climax. Who watched my keek of it?(:
I can be the match baby, you can be the fuse "Boom" lol
Hey Griff, look at me...I'm flying! I mean tweeting! Finally!
Showing houses today and tomorrow. Wish me and my clients luck!
Beechers, burger master milkshakes and The Only Way is Essex marathon with
Romney tends to laugh when he's lying. Good to know when watching the debates.
Conundrum: Go to meeting early, or listen to the rest of the Talking Heads song playing? I know what would choose.
Anyone want to buy an xbox 360 and gtaiv for 300$? I need money for the new iphone that's going to be released! hahah
#showerflow ... need to get all this chlorine off me
Rays tickets up for grabs right now!!! 877-999-1015
Miami welcomes you with open arms and ridiculously high temperatures. Highly recommend #prime112 if you are on the
Got hit by a car while riding my bike home from work yesterday. bike=ok, me=ok, car=proof I can make a big dent
well, you should feel thankful to have this family time :-)
": I smile on the outside so I don't have to explain why I'm sad in the inside."
Listen, Rate, Comment, and Buy TBW's EP 'Until Then' now on iTunes!
its ok haha
You're so pretty,
Yea-looking for you tube partners meaning those who have contracts and have revenue sharing based on views.
The band on stage right now is really good!!!! Wow!!
Jim Tolbert says city is excited about competition. He reminded audience that bridge needs to satisfy federal standards
Have a great time at the Tin Roof tonight! :)
omg did stephen delete his twitter
RT : I love how Romney just said he hadn't see the ad that HE APPROVED.
a girl's got to play a little hard to get. ;-) xoxo
super Awesome!
Awesome, TY. With everything rolling out this year, 2012 has been called "The Year of Dominion"
Whoever follows me gets a HUGEE shoutout and a DM to to follow u!!
I need to wash my hair
photos?? Common!
It's Mashup night in the office. Listening to "Roxanne Should Be Dancing" (The Police vs. The Bee Gees) with - F YEAH!
Just as a palette cleanser from all the bad news out there: Wishing you all beauty, hope and magic. Lots of it. Right now.
I went on today and then I remembered why I stopped going on. How old are you like 16? I'm just wondering
smart man, smart man.
Wish I could go to Zumba tonight!
ThankYou for the Follow :D !
Lol whatever I'm done talking to you
Sorry, that last RT was of a tweet. My bad.
Well my chick flick list is real short! Lol mystery horror action thats me! Try bone collector wit denzel!
Obama, where were you on 9/11??? Have you forgot??? 4000 lives lost that day to unite country. Is that what it takes or you to unite country
A little less than a half an hour till #americanidol. Go !!!
Berggren gets the extra but Zeller coutners with a 3-point play of his own
one powerful doc down (Close Ties) three more projects to tackle in the next two weeks...no sleep til Urbanword
I need some excitement.
InterContinental Milwaukee UnderGround: Annie B and the Vagabond Company Friday, August 19 at 8:30pm!
very nice!
can Howard Green be included in that list for SB 45?
Is a funny female? That's interesting
What a great match to watch! Go USA!
even by a family member.....but I'm still HERE! It does NOT matter what anyone else thinks of you. What matters is how YOU view YOURSELF!
“When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.”
Mom replied to your fellowship, and I quote (hence the quotes): "Incredible!"
Only a writer knows the thrill of getting a personalized note with a rejection.
Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Full episodes of "Sweet Valley High" are on Youtube. Don't judge, I'm doing enough of that on my own.
A stranger asked me for "texting" advice... She wanted to make sure her text would come across as happy so I told her to put a smiley face
Sweet lovin! WiFi on the flight to the east coast... getting prepped for my interview with tomorrow!
: ?RT:Ones like you are hard to come by.... It's like you were made in a factory! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> >> its a BANGER!! Love it girl!!
Getting my new car on Saturday!
What's up bro
Last night was by far the best night of baseball I have ever seen!
yeah I remember that video I thought that was like promo for the single
hell yeah! Hey did you see our newest video uploads on YouTube? They are if our harbor haunt show.
LeBron will miss one
wow. I'm okay with the upper 60's we have here. 80's is a bit much too soon!
$50 gets you $100 worth of services at the Nevaeh Medispa on www.crowdclick.com!
Man who stripped at PDX to protest TSA says he's headed back to the airport tonight. Says he'll keep he'll keep his clothes on...
My parents leave town and my wild streak surfaces! Purple streaks...this is the beginning of a beautiful weekend!
Plenty of Miami Marlins season tickets available. Call Ozzie. He can hook you up!
You guys have a fighting chance. Just get LeQuit to the gag zone and he will do the rest.
time to step back and take a look on what this shit LIFE really mean ?.
We have a new server ready - vpn-ub3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Dallas, Texas. It's available in your customer area now.
Oh okay. RT : changed my mind
The leadership is more than talking a good game.
Right! But the sizes vary like crazy, so please check out the measurements for each sweater. More info here:...
RT : By Twitters very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives. Were exhibitionists.
soon bra.. When are you done with school
Have a lovely weekend!
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Gravity by
I don't know but I tried Hittin u the other night to no prevail #FaiL .....
"No excuses no apologies!!!"
i missed u so much
My new biggest pet peeve: When Christians use the term "culture" to refer to some group outside themselves....
#zimmerman attorney wants to reveal info about accounts in private meeting with judge
Yeah! I saw that! Pretty cool. Our library's entire website is actually Drupal-based.
This Week in Video Games - Square Square Block
yes.! Haha I woke up and got on twitter, fell asleep on twitter... Then repeated.! Lol
Very excited that our B Accreditation is pending directors approval! Should be all set very soon, will keep you updated!
he must be really cool.
Good night everyone! :)
RT : Most people talk about 4 to 8 different areas/topics online, rather than maintaining a pure focus.
Tune into WPR at 5pm to listen to HealthFirst's Maureen Busalacchi talk about healthier living for individuals and communities.
i am babe<33
I'm pumped about Avengers & Dark Knight
Up and atom! Waffle time, then onto the stu!
Touchdown! Freedom free!
misakikoehn828 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
my phone's about to die. :/
What do u do if u love someone but their not giving what u need?
The cow is out on the city. Let me hear your
The haunted house is great, but the Forsworn quest's ending was pretty amazing for its scale - at least for an RPG
Yayy Selena won!!!! I'm so happy for her :D
A great song can really change the course of your day!
chicago teams except the cubbies blah.. exploded once again on the big stage
Dead tired
": idk if the world could handle 2 of me" hell nawl lol but it would be nice to look at
what a choke job by boise state last night
about application design: "Remember the double-D rule: differences are difficult." - Jakob Nielsen
:) Love hearing from Badger fans from all around the country! Hope you can get back this winter and enjoy some of the white stuff!
I sent a fake bully report
I do think those were matching hipster glasses.
sports day
I'm glad I barely used my phone today and it is at 30% because pooh has WiFi now
Who else is excited to watch Barca take on Milan!? Champions League is heating up!
Spiderman the musical has caused me to lose all faith in humanity.
“The walk of FAITH is to live according to the revelation we have received, in the midst of the mysteries we can't explain.” - Bill Johnson
Just saw My Girlfriend's Boyfriend and it was flippin' phenomenal! Seriously wonderful.
Yeah, me too. Guess I'm a traditionalist.
#Mickelson struggling off the course, why? WWW.ussportspages.com
Cabbie: Can you believe gays can marry? Horrifying. Their children will be all fucked up. Me: My dad is gay. Cabbie: Let's change subject.
sounds like Bruce has quite a criminal record there...
Hope you FAC Heads had a great day! Come on by tomorrow and receive any two top shelf strains for a $30 donation or 4 gram eighths all day!!
That awkward moment when you realize you have 2 movies from Redbox you haven't taken back in 3 days.
Thank you right back! :)
quick out of the blue question... Where in the Bible does it say that Jesus was White???
Tiger wood is still my bro and all but he need to sit his ass down and retire
Morning Seattle! Today we are supposed to hit 75 for 1st time in 273 days. Come out & enjoy our outdoor seating. Go
finna pick the footage up today
Besides, I have a math exam that day. I should sneak in some time at 's Needle & Thread to recuperate.
My cat is the devil. First he woke me up by knocking over a million pingpong balls, and now he's attacking me hardcore for no reason
#LeadersDebate real battle going on between and on twitter very entertaining & unbiased
no beer. Coke in a bottle!
So is presentation! RT texture is as important as flavor.
maybe I should do my homework now.
She's got most of them! RT food waste, high meat consumption, water waste (uses energy too), heating energy waste, driving...
: hey... Srry i knt use fb my dad and i are using it to watch a movie
Every day is an opportunity to make a new happy ending. -unknown
I hope Crean had prospective recruits behind the bench! Assembly Hall crowd has been unbelievable!
Can you parse that ucpd statement? I sure can't.
Thanks Will! You're To Kind! =] Good luck at your hockey game!
all eyes on me tonight. Lets toast to me.
Will do coach. Might b tomorrow. Don't hesitate2remind me if I forget. I have a really good memory, it is just short lol.
Men should be ruled by law not the will of other men.
You could buy a lot of gas with that money.
": On my way to hand out tickets for Grown Ups and watch the show. I hope it is worth the money!" they give out free tickets!
how about traveling with two mothers? (will be going on a trip w/ parents & step-patents soon!) :)
follow me bby?
making bean salad in the bowl your parents gave my parents 20 years ago for their wedding! Love u!
What infuriates me- is NO criminal charges filed? REALLY? Oh we don't want to have this on our popular girls permanent record?
It's so true. My kids too teach me things about my own electronic gadgets.
Break a leg ! The Waiting Period opens tonight! "The play about depression that's not depressing"
Is it inappropriate to tell someone that their kid looks drunk in a picture they posted on FB? ...and when the kid is less than 5 years old?
this Hong Kong just saved me #generaltso now back to work. Woo
Stafford is the safer choice and while there is a chance Tebow has another great game, I'm thinking Chi/Det is a shootout
Uh oh......our transmission in our tour van is completely fucked! We're on the side of the road outside of Dunlap, TN......
You can't spin without dribbling and not travel...
weird!! Hope you're at least moved out of Bolivia by then.
that's Roland haha
I'm just so confused. -_-
For those about to Learn, We salute you!
Are you running a DND campaign now?
The private market fails to provide people in the US with adequate healthcare.
RT : THIS MOCHA FREEZE GOT ME TU IM SENDING MAD EMAILS AND DELETING SPAM
Be different. Out of this world. Most importantly be yourself.
You were lying when you said you loved me ..
The Lorax: A tree falls the way it leans. Be careful which way you lean. <U+E32B>
Simply select which section you're sitting in and it will show you the closest Bypass Lane! So easy!
Makes total sense! RT : that is why lists and hashtags are HUGE!
Follow the BCB on Twitter.
looking forward to tomorrow.
good cause u blow
If your family or your friends are looking for Christmas or Holiday Greeting Cards, now is the time to do them! Send them to my website!!!
A glass of wine and river monsters would be great right now
ok mine is always slow tho
give it a few weeks....hahahaha
#EDCNY #Sunday #ticket for sale?
What's the number for 911?
#RespectIsEarned RT Hilarious when little girls post about "being respected" when their previous post is about having sex
Boxers or briefs? IN THE NUDE
Get out of my dreams.
Hey he messaged me again.. I'll show you tomorrow..
I bet most of y'all is sleeping on me.
When A Girl Tells Youu Not To Care She's Telling Youu , Youu Need To Care More!
Definitely fucked up my hand.. My aunt is a psychotic bitch!
we need to go see The Avengers
I got some hot tracks Bruh
How do I stop tweet notifications from coming to my phone?
We are glad we could be a part of #PCS11!
A great meeting monday. Things are coming together. Another big meeting tomorrow!
Im curious, how did the issue of gay marriage come up in a speech to graduates?
Loved the first 2 episodes of #dontbetardy !! Can't wait until tonight's episode. Your family is adorable. Best wishes
Attention #froyo fans: has a new location at Palmetto Bay! Thru 9/30, Buy one get one 50% off!!
RT : #smwla panelist on FB engagement: "Be authentic, be real--even when you don't have something to promote or sell."
That's a great resource for self-publishers to get ideas on how to improve their book covers.
One step could be to refer to a stoner as a cannabis user.
Talk that talk to me all night
Thanks for including us in the Marketing Daily.
Sales tax differs by county, so depends on where you are.
Today, a woman told me about how her sons blind in one eye because a bird pooped in it.
PLEASE FOLLOW
Just had Toy Story 3 spoiled for me by a 5 year old.
it is indeed our lucky day.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ( : <3 I Love You !
I think they actually benefit more from all of the publicity that they're getting for this than they're harmed by by it
But on a good note i think i sweated off 20pounds from dancing! Lmfao
Keep FUCKING with me...
"Good things happen to those who wait." I find myself waiting, let's see if this saying is true!
#inspired RT : I wonder what Im gonna do to this mane of mine today hm might check out channel for inspiration
I really do enjoy eggs, but monkeys are cool too.
Did you know we have vintage items too? We even have a rad vintage pink stove.
thanks, it wasn't so much an attempt to define authentic, more like bringing awareness to overlooked variants of dishes.
long hair she don't care
Well done, Nora! And #Parenthood's "Nora" was a world-class tv episode. Perfect.
oh I know thats what I keep telling myself. Thanks!
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting but a woman who fears the Lord is to be praised.
I live an extreme life. I like things strong. I like things spicy. I like things hot. And I guess I like my men that way too.
Oh I will never let this die
Senate passes (SR 199), “A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Crohn's and Colitis Awareness Week, Dec. 1-7.”...
your best tweet yet.
If we all worked together and helped just a little, we could see the end of hunger and homelessness
Responsive design is NOT a trend, like slab serifs. It's evolution. It's also intelligent design.
Using an infrared-based camera, the Kinect system will automatically lock on to the players as soon as they enter the sensor area.
Stop Crying You know I'm not Lol
Ringed up the dude from pawn stars :D
who;s your photographer?
Seriously, I am crazy late with the "Game Of Thrones" band wagon.. Watched all of it and it's F.....Kn Amazing!!!:)
who is hosting with you on Monday?
NY GIANTS BABBYYYY
Oh, right. Forgot Lakers lead that one at half and late. Okay, well, I like our chances then tonight!
Late start Monday <3
thanks will do!
Thanks for including my tweet in your Daily, !
Kaveh: both art & science depend on creativity, making connections between seemingly unrelated events.
Any special plans for today?!
Bigger moment would be an endorsement by W.
bboy Morris is boss fallen kings all day
Yay for new iPhone so happy whoo Merry Christmas everyone
Bringing economics into it was putting it right in my wheelhouse. Gold standard? Seriously?
Guy leading this car chase clearly trying to leave the state of WI. I94 East into Kenosha County. In the construction area.
awesome, good luck!
i don't bitxh.. Ilove Justin for what he is. Ihave NO problems with him&ilike him for what he stands for&' his music&looks.
Everyone's sayin not to go for you cuz all you'll do is hurt me like you do everyone else.. Maybe I should listen? But maybe I don't wanna..
Using Tweetchat for my first time. What a great tool!
Spoke to Tom Fudge earlier today, will be airing a piece on TV/radio on Tue (morning and evening edition) on bike safety.
Ha! Well, the board seemed pleased tonight.
Thursdays have changed! VAVA Voom - Dance, Progressive & Electro ;) RT : Some things never change ha
Good Morning. I'm Raymond, and my day is off to a rough start.
Today my Tarheel heart is broken. RT " Today, the majority of North Carolina residents decided that it is still 1963."
Treat me like a king, Love me like your hubby, Fuck me like a whore.
#rexryan talks 2 much considering he not only got his lunch handed 2 him by Oakland and former qb"s don't like emm
Ben Hurricane
I should know better than to start a new book at night. I'm sick and should have been in bed 4 hours ago, but the #hungergames sucked me in.
Teams, communities spend years forging a stadium deal. Then the Legislature comes in and changes everything. As in Minnesota for Vikes.
Dr. Bonnie Says the Suicide of Junior Seau Shakes us to our Core
Federal Judge denies Occupy SD TRO against police
Jump back on the wagon. : Slipped off the wagon, what r we working on this week CE
I froze my whole phone for like 5 minutes sending to many votes at one time(: but I dont care its all worth it((:
Get involved in public speaking. It can promote your business if you speak on something that reflects your company’s image positively.
Attending Dow Jones webinar on Information overload
I found you on facebook too<3
WE ARE UP TO $550! thank you to everyone who donated!
I'm going to both!
No tweets these days....How are you?
this weekend has been more bizarre than any weekend I've had in awhile..
I just had three grown OSU fans (45+) try to fight me because I asked them to provide evidence of Calipari cheating.
I did find my route. It's the times that are messed up. When does the #10 leave from Brookfield Sq? And when does it come back?
a lot of doubters need to wake up
that's a shame! I wouldn't mind seeing him at a small venue like the National
I figured u would he is a cutie
RT : A2b: The easiest most cost-effective approach is to develop a mobile-friendly website, in CSS, with small screens...
<---- This guy is too... “: Nervous for this Lakers game! ”
Fine broadcast today...working on the muck on the stream. Mic is still funny compared to spots and music.
Just had the best evening playing volleyball at Carolina Courts. Really fun exercise? Can beat that!
Get your free "Who you are, where you are" profile. You can add your screen names from your multiple lifestyle profiles, or any other pro… #
If your company has parties, training's, events or picnics planed for June or July, I still have some availability this summer :-)
2/2 I'm a fan. Been following sports w/ my dad since I was a kid. Even knew who best-dressed jock was in 1972. (Frenchy Fuqua, Steelers).
Today I bought some 90s DC comics... Who has time for sleep anyway
Thanks! Hope to see you this summer.. We will be open before you know it!!
Heading off to a festival woo hooo (:
If there is one actress I can't stand, its kristen stewart. Her emotions... ajfdjidedlonfnvkredje
I wonder how you could be on twitter earlier today but not hit me up? Blatt. Fuck it.
Smallest bikini I ever seen was just a couple strings.
If you're looking for a nonprofit interested in preventing and reducing childhood obesity, contact us to learn more!
heheheh I MISS YOU!
Your mercies endureth forever....
Great "pseudo-training" ride last night in GG Park w/ and Stas. #30daysof cycling
Thanx for all that you've done! Hope all is well.
lmfao and you coming down the bridge with me Girly
great picture and costume on the dog!
Life aint shit but what you make of it
Would you rather grow your professional or personal network?
What's up bitches lol jk but yea what's up people!!!!!!!
i'd pay to see that.
Wow what an incredibly long but productive day. I think I'm going to head to bed early. May your dreams be filled with sequins and love!
There is a timing for all things in our lives, and there is safety in being in Gods perfect timing
East Bound and Down tonight at 10 on HBO.
Epic Finish to 3A Title Game! Thanks for the coverage.
My sister saw a picture of the llorna and she started freaking out how did u like the scare
maybe next week...
How should I fix my hair tomorrow... ( hold on)
What was the name of the song that Akon sang?
R.A. Dickey? Really?
Welcome back Marcelo! How are you enjoying #LiNC?
i was right next to that kid and reporter… it was interesting.
WOO HOOOO! RT : Had my first experience tonight. My driver was awesome. Car was clean. Love it!
Hard work passion faith confidence, most keep pushing can't stop
asdfghjkl; I wanna meet Mat Hunter
I'm in a love/hate relationship with myself right now...
I try to check some out today!
Listen to Up To Date today. Music Genome guy and John Hodgeman. 89.3 FM or kcur.org. 11am. Should be pretty righteous.
THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS BEINF FAT just shutup and be nice
We're on TV! Be sure to watch your WVIR NBC29 local news tonight for a spot on OpenSpace with our very own Jeff Gunther!
awesome lol xD hey what was the moment in Season 1 of TSC that made u say "OMG, did that just happen"?
Having to act like you dont give a fuck when really, its killing youu.
Uh oh...Wait, is God a Tebow fan or a Steeler fan? I'm getting confused. 2 minute warning...ah
i talked you through some of the roughest times of your life, or so you made it seem. not even a "thank you" was given.
same happened to me. I turned off time zone support and just ignored the "current time". I'm sure there is a smarter, less lazy way.
#JustPromiseMe you wont forget me, and one day you'll look back at what we had, and smile, even if you aren't by myside anymore...
My mouth hurts :( ehhh...
": said he's betting on Kobe tonight... Hopefully I can get a bet tonight then..."kobe where's it at
#Echelon3000 TONIGHT FREE ALL NIGHT | FOOD, DRINK AND BOTTLE SPECIALS ALL NIGHT!!!
We should totally trend #10secondmahone for ! RT :D
I wanna be your everything , <U+2665>
it's the most wonderful time of the year
Spice Market? No way. Fancy, fancy!
didn't jose luis castillo get at floyd pretty good too????
Thanks! RT : Congrats #SIIA member for winning #CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution
Another day another Doll Hair :)
I am enjoying the weekend, hope you all are too! :)
Steve Jobs died? Awwe man.
you gotta learn to close like me, it serves me well in all facets of life. hell, i married up because im a closer
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Tits In The Hood
Thanks for the RTs
I've got a fever. And the... something, something... SWINE. I'm going back to bed.
Me & G&G Session right now
nice! We moved the cupcake war to next Saturday due to weather. We'll send you more info later this week. Thanks for the add!
this happens on a daily basis
I wouldn't even fight that bitch just slap her with my 22 inch weave
Good work song.. Make me proud!!!
Thank you, Zappos, for covering our -- and everyone else's -- Mass Pike toll on the way into Boston for our anniversary dinner.
great question and callout. This was solely based on the overall accounts (as not many have sport-specific).
At breakfast today, my boyfriend said he was a happily married man. Either he loves enough feel married to me, or i need to be freaking out.
Fixing data quality problems could add 15-25% to operating profit
Weaknesses are really challenges to overcome if looked at positively. So vital to teach and mentor.
Looking forward to Chocolate, Wine, and Cheese. Our 76th class and another sellout. See you at Desert Moon Vineyards tomorrow.
Two more weeks of break and then its back to work...
Yup, we bake wedding cakes too.
About to knit a cover for my kindle.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities. ~ Stephen Covey
And thank you for the retweet! :)
Now I am thinking of Crappy's flaky feet...
ITS AVOCADO MARIJUANA UP IN THIS BIOOTCHH!
Nice to exhibit next to you at #et4ol2011! Safe travels home.
So let’s take a look at seven core elements of effective business copywriting, and some tips on how to hire writers that produce results:
you guys are absolutely amazing. flawless dancing & dancers. keep it up!:)
Clare Coleman: Most patients using Title X funding only have that one provider to access the health care system.
Iam getting there at 7:30 in the mornin...if iam there alone..i swear iam goin to cole's house and sleepin in his sis's bed...
- do the 'ray-volution'! (nod to PJ for any Jammers out there in the #edutech #blackboard world
It was too hot today to get stuck in my theaters dinky little elevator...hallelujah for the cases of water I had with me!
why are you awake and on Twatter!?
Sad for the Irish. ND women now in the same impressive but ill-fated club as Butler. Headed home empty-handed from back to back title games.
These archway triple chocolate cookies are bomb !.
Lmao! Man, I should never tweet when I'm bored or sleepy smh
": RT if you have a crush on one of the ICONicBoyz" Bianca Said That! Its Definitely Gonna Be A Top Tweet! XDA
good infographic. I've decided to increase my random observations, at the risk of being unworthy because unwitty.
#waystomakemehappy gummy bears!!!
Sit yo ass down.
I hate commercials
Would you guys want to meet at the school this evening to make sure we're all on the same page?
Thanks girl! Yes, probably in early March! :) How's the move going?
everything for you was a competition. but now it's over... I win.
Conan with Chris Isaak and La Bamba and others performing Johnny Cash's "Ring of Fire" - how fun. Great jacket Coco!
so this girl i was dating for 6 months she was amazing she was what i was looking for. Then i was dumb and told her i had
thanks for the RTS!
8 hr wait in the ER, good times!
My alma mater plays Loyola for the #MAAC men's bball championship tonight. Let's go , get this one!
nice job in chiba ladies!
im in a hateful mood today but im always happy
Never thought I would have more problems in orland park then I do at Solofras
watch out;)
i love ou too girl (: i'l always be here for you!!!
yes I'm obsessed with you. Ps my room looked to clean this morning thanks wife <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098> please make sure dinners on the table
Rad. The entire #neilyoung album, 'After the gold rush' playing while we watch the races.
We could have it all :'(
We'll be right over!!
i need followerss
: were u in baltimore feb 18th? Thought I saw u, have a bet w/ a friend & need to confirm
We're gonna need a bigger box...
How do you have your octave mando / bouzouki tuned, if you don't mind me asking?
The key to better audience targeting & consumer privacy is not only social relevance but more importantly consumer approval.
Lea Lea : on a scale of one to gay how gay do I look? Me: well.... You look like a grown ass man Lea Lea: so a 9
Cmon, Brew Crew, let's put it away! I'll buy a case of, um, Miller Lite!
SquE-Z responsibly...
was here (: I love you girl <3
You have a great day as well.
Boarded where I passed out on the floor of a Max----told to get off the train where my son was beaten at knifepoint. I have to stay home...
I hate my acne so much :/
I forgot my lunch at home so I won't be at the #microwaves today
Just learned that Betty White is giving the closing talk at PLA. I had been focusing on academic libraries, but this really changes things…
wow are you taking it next year
Glad to see still patrolling the Monon Trail. Great PR too. Keep it up,
It's cute that thinks I'm going to gain weight because I don't eat a lot.
Ruling class dont object 2 Obama cuz he's black. They fear he might cost them $. They only use racism 2 motivate rubes 2 oppose PBO.
Beautiful post.
It's settled, I are going line dancing tonight! saddle up?
I am so addicted to tweeting i cant stop hell me
Weekends: Wake up early and using iPod. Weekdays: Forced to wake up early and complaining about wanting to sleep later.
Neutral colors and neutralized colors of the room color scheme are wise choices for the window treatmnets.
We are regulars and generally light beer drinkers, convince us to venture beyond w that seasonal menu please.
It's that simple. Brian Klemmer would always say, ''The results that we create are sometimes harsh but always fair.''
Were born alone, we live alone,we die alone.Only through r love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that were not alone
J cole is daht deal
Printed and cut some fresh business cards! Love being able to make my own.
I know that getting my results via email, which allows me to google my levels, etc has made me more engaged
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious
yes it is
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE AWESOME MOTHERS!!!!!! POOF!!!!!
Q3. I enjoy working alone so It was not hard and thanks to social media - I never feel too alone
need moar coffee!
And Finals Week will now be renamed "Fortnight Following the Week Preceding the Week Preceding Final Examinations."
Coral is now my clothing color of choice, secondary is turquoise for the spring & summer.
was good fam? We left touch hmu!
I follow everyone who follows me (: <3
Cooked breakfast with el novio!
Just finished amazing #DrumCircle with Ms. L.A. and Then brows to do , and next dinner with my man!
Hanover baseball feilds clean up tomarrow #4h and bowling #bowlforkids ! busy day ahead of me :)
are examples of great wisdom and mentors. But God who created even them has all the time for you.
Aannnnnnndddddd you're a tool
a nasty day in #nyc rain rain go away
Ah memories.
Had a great time at Fall literacy night at Bright Beginnings!
I might be a little excited to wear a sweater and boots today!
its time to start the weekend!
Windustry and Kidwind have teamed up for wind power activities all day at The Bakken. 10am to 4pm. Everybody is welcome!
The superior person uses his mind like a mirror: it accepts all, it reflects all. It recieves, but it does not keep. Chuang Tzu
Knock KnockWho's there !Bologna !Bologna who ?Bologna & cheese !
Can you make sure that my boyfriend D. Brynan makes his flight from ATL to LAX tonight? Yr flight delay is imperiling his connection.
Have a great race and I look forward to welcoming you into the Ironman ranks, ! Please cheer on my behalf, too,
Thanks for the #ff! And yes, I'm running a few days behind right now :)
About 20 mins. in. Holder is in the hospital.
ugh, me too! I can't believe it is still on. I disliked it when Bob Saget (sp?) hosted & still dislike it. Mean & dangerous!
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family, I am one of over 5000 angry people who want
what spot are you talking about? :)
Happy Saturday
RT : got interviewed by on why i love 181st ! good chat, made me have flashbacks about the summertime in 181
no one asked you
Your simply amazing, girl it's time they face it..
A burger for breakfast? Come try our Breakfast Burger made with a hamburger patty, fried egg, cheese and tomato!
I left my window open for a few hours and now my room is covered with #pollen. #springtime is here.
sad because I guessed. lmao. my bad.
I think NBA players are the best pure athletes. But still think hitting top level pitching is hardest thing to do
I know I mean on my phone he wrote it he just told right now
Getting ready to start tonights Bucks/Bulls game, Jessie Jackson's in the house!
I keep on checking the schedule. First regular season game is 3 months away but I might just start tailgating now
good news! my mp3 player didn't actually die like i thought. it just was in a coma for a few days. glad i didn't throw it away :)
Don't floss and drive.
Man: Have you seen this exhibit ? Me: No I just work here !!
(hiding spring) don't u hate when u misplace things?
RT Music makes all the difference when running! Good luck :)
Whirlwind trip! I can't imagine how you guys do it, but looks like lots of fun.
let me kno wen ya schedule n da clear n lets create...
Yo, Velk! Jay Bell didn't play a single game at 2B during his entire Pirates career. Might want to rethink your poll question.
Seems like a good turn out for Ciclovia 5 today.
I feel like you should call me
#FF Simply the best - meow!
#Pacers crowd is really awesome haha
Totally just yelled really loud "THATS NOT EVEN A REAL WORD!" at my iPhone auto suggestion "wr'll".
Yeah, it was a good trip. If it had to happen, I guess that was the "best time." Mom's bday was the day I flew in as well.
We have no idea what that is! We must have been out of the loop!
RT why you gotta be a bitch about everything
I feel extra special this morning...ppl are so sweet.
oh happy birthday (: <3
Apr 17,1942: Churchill informed Roosevelt that he agreed with his strategic plan for conducting the war.
Yeah! I see you!
We made it. Now only 899 needed to reach 1,000.
I gotta watch something light and fluffy so I can fall asleep and to counter the tragedy of the wire 4th season
must be nice lol
My point exactly! Us poor folk sit up here in the Terrace Level and longingly look at you high class types in such nice seats.
What up Homie
I couldn't find this on your website, so I ask here. When do we use "inhe"/"unhe"? Are they like "inhone"/"unhone"?
Thx! “: "Inspire" = to breathe INto. -- Be an inspiration. Breathe life into someone today. #Inspire” well said
lives next to a HOE.
u r amazing
is he there?
Anyone knows How did Chritianity spread and eventually become the official religion of the Roman Empire ?? xD
nice! Never tried it. Best I've tried was a MacAllan 15 year
just rocked the house full of toys out of its cradle. Gone girl!
*Chris'* lol if it ends in an 's' you just add the apostrophe. XD hehe I had to
“: All the haters sticking a fork in the #Lions after that Saints TD drive can f*ck off...” BRILLIANT!
Country Music Star Teams up with Animas Corporation and four &quot;Diabetes Heroes&quot; on a Cross-Country Tour to Inspire ...
U always show me luv norbes, U know I know what it is!
I love you Martha Wash!!! Bless you for being you to so many of us!
RT : If you believe you can… you probably can. Denis Waitley
I felt like this 2 beers ago.
RT : Like this one RT : "Be one of the greats - don’t be 'like' one of the greats!
Did Clint Eastwood ever cry in a movie
That dude Evan Turner!
RT : The shines a spotlight on 30+ #Miami designers & artists. Visit this Sat in the
I registered for LIS 522: Collection Development and LIS 596: Professional Portfolio this morning. These classes start on 3/26!
thanks 4 the RT Bob ! I like to play music in the morning while doing my household chores , dancing & cleaning !
Hahaha lol alright don't nobody want that
So Alex Rios takes the fastball down the middle in order to swing at the breaking ball on the corner? Whatever, it worked.
#scms12 talks about value of modeling scholarly process in public
We'd love to hear about your #Culture & #FamilyTraditions. Tweet us your story.
Even though I have iu winning the first round. I really won't cry if they lose
Honestly, not about this homework right now ...
I'm Kind Of Sad Right Now, I Just Sang My Heart Out, But Not To Any Girl . To My Mom' ...
Don't think the pacers have enough fire power to compete with Heat
i miss the days when i was able to talk shit on twitter bc nobody on facebook caught
I'm fine without you baby
Cigarroa suggests $25M per year out of PUF fund, plus $35M annually out of local funds, to create UT Austin med school.
I woke with the single word "pellucid" at the front of my mind, and it feels like one of today's goals should be figuring out why.
Second thaa! RT : #Dallas area friends, BE #SAFE and take shelter to avoid this huge #tornado!
RT : If LinkedIn knows more about your people than you do, so does your competition. ~ Jason Averbook,
Thanks, John. It's always a good time, and fun to talk about Baltimore stuff still.
Indiana Jones and the Mountain of Object Provenance Paperwork
so you sayy but u dont know that what you think is way wrong than what i say cus you say is not what i say which means WRONG!!
Hitler lives here in Narnia.. When he died[/commited suicide] he was reincarnated into a magical taco rocket. How pleasent.:]
iAppreciate That! I Handled the Situation! Some Plumber Missed Out Tho! But @ Least It Helped Me Follow !!!!
Don't forget! Tonight from 5-6 is Chinese language table in BH 106! See you there!
#AWESOME. #TGIF RT : now owes me a $5 beer
Never had powerful enough reason to wanna improve my stubborn till Now.
4 more hours till I'm off for 3 days:D
That explains why Daniel Craig took over...
Everyone go follow ! She follows back
P. Hillis gonna play or not? Arghhh.
DERBY SPECIALS 20% RED TAG SHOES THAT'S RIGHT ENTIRE STOCK OF LEVIS SHOES 20% OFF 4443 CANERUN ROAD
Yupp exactly, she just whipped out a hundred and said keep the change
turns out: vanilla almond milk tastes awesome! who knew?
Thank you for following
Nice 1st inning tater from
how you gonna embarass me if you don't even know who i am? YOU'RE FUCKING RETARTED
this girl i hate just requested me on facebook wtf? 0__0
uim so tired!!! I NEED MY CUDDLE BUDDY:::: BED
Katie's light blinked back on when the paramedic was talking to her mom. She said, tell mom I'll miss our lunch today.
thinking about picking my nose
Memories - Big Sean >>>
Does right-wing bullshit count as a second language?
thanks for the pardon :) but it's been a year of off and on working.. mostly off.. but by choice!! but life is still good :)
your Jacoby Jones comment on the podcast was hurtful sir haha
im smiling lol must be nice to smile.... :-)
keep your head up babygirl ! Love you and im here for you!!
congrats to nyquist on his first nhl goal! must be on cloud 9 getting the beautiful assist from his hero datsyuk.
I always been cold at rapping.. dis summer imma make a track nbs
ah! That is my favorite song! (((; <3
that's a big ole' ladle of awesome sauce
i will never leave you :)
overtime though <U+E12F><U+E12F>.
Glad my first Engr Dynamics Exam is over! Going to unwind by doing yoga at home with one of my yoga dvd's. Then more studying.
idk, it just would be
buffalo to be exact I'm from the carolinas though
If I had a This Is My Jam account, at this moment it would tell you Bravestation's 'White Wolves' is it.
sending some love & prayer out to you. Embrace your good days. "2010 Determinded To Win!!!"
just watchin T.V.
At #SxSW? Stop by 6th St. and Red River tomorrow at noon to check out the FRESH ARTISTS webisodes and grab a FREE sub!
you two look great! Always impressing of course !!
so Destiny is wow
I don't know - I say eyes on the prize. How do you propose fitting that all in?
I miss nicki minaj being on twitter hope she gets back on:((
Reuters: Bangkok is a top 10 destination for the young because of nightlife on Kaosan Rd [uh,none] & full moon beach parties [uh, no ocean].
I hate those blow dryers that suk your hair in on the other side
With music it was “it’s too expensive” or “I wouldn’t have bought it anyway”. I wouldn’t expect HBO to break even offering DLs.
i drink coffee way to much
Thanks for the follow!
Walking Wire Under the Elms.
they need to get off our cloud!
Edited an episode go Nerd vs Geek today, and will hopefully be shooting another episode next Wednesday.
i'm so sorry :(
#projectrunway Love Mondo. I make to-do lists with sharpie too
Okay, it's getting cold outside. I'm going inside.
Puccini's birth town = Lucca. Mimi's real name = Lucia. Coincidence? Yes, most likely.
really nice
Nice meeting you at #gbtcude today. Enjoy the presentations?
April's hands smell like rotting milk #ew !
Bike manufacturing = lots of grey hair!
how were they? Where did you get them?
Going to LA in 3 weeks! :D
10Things That Annoy Me: •No money •No food •Ratchetness •Waking up early •Being wrong •Being bored •Low battery •Liars •Hoes
Holy shit is whitneuy houston dead?
I was gonna send a song but then i remembered he hasn't listened to the last ones
Orlando VS Steak - In honor of Veteran's Day, all active military/veterans (w/ id) will receive a free BBQ Dinner Nov 11th! Tell a veteran!
Lool when my mom say ican go skydiving this year in france and my girlfriend is scared something will happen._.
Not yet-- I'm still looking for it myself-- I'll let you know if I find it!
Non-Coms are playing with Wax Fang and How I Became the Bomb at Exit In, Friday 4/2 at 9:00PM. The winter make-up show!
GREAT IDEA!!!
Thanks for tearing up! We loved u!! RT : Vegas was awesome!
It's National Potato Day... a day dedicated to frites! :)
The more I think about it, you probaly wrong....
#Veterans have respect, experience, adaptability, & leadership skills learned from military that they bring to the workforce. BGen Sayles
Talked to Tony Nobles today and he said there were over 20,000 people that visited his street long Halloween treat in Fountain Valley CA
where at?
Naperville Magazine Names Mark Zonca as Editor
yeah. And episodic storytelling in the theatre
Have A Great Day Guys.
Gold glitter on toilet seat at work. Someone's overenthusiastic vajazzle? I'd like to imagine a longer/better story
heard they got a kid that throws 99
Are there any gameplay programmers out there interested in working on an amazing project in San Francisco?
It's so freakin' humid out you could drink water right out of the air!
I'm try'na not waste my time though
With candy & galindo
I have a great card that I got from TACA that has all the autism symptoms on there it has helped a lot
#Twitter Question. Business or personal. Rather see a 200 char Tweet broken into parts or 1 tweet w/ 1 click to read rest of the tweet
I am officially in love with my apple tv, it's the BEST!!
that is cool!
Has everyone registered for Fringe yet? We're approving last minute applications now...
lots and lots of wine.
got to play with an old gravestone today. It was used by two different people.... A little strange if you ask me
A factoring company does not advance funds but submits monthly based on the average due date of the invoices purchased in a particular month
Hey guys! would you like a lovely glowing dock for your beautiful pop-up on Newbury? :) cc
Tweet this MOFO!
Really don't get it
that'll be awesome.
Curious to know what is doing about Distance Library support.
Thanks for all of the lovely follows! Would love to follow back but won't allow me to do so because I reached my "limit."
#thoughtsduringoralsex "this sure doesn't taste like chocolate, wait is that a corn?!"
uh oh i just made an ass out of myself by assumin lol
Go #Patriots - tonight Tim Te will Bow before Brady!!!
the same Tinsley that shot up Indianapolis in a drive by? When did he get out of jail?
Everyone follow RIGHT NOW
After two, the Skippers remain in the lead 1-0 in the Class AA Championship.
The makeup of a project team can make or break a project. What roles are most critical for a successful team?
Love spoken word poetry. Great job.
RT 30 social entrepreneurs that are changing the world ow.ly/7L5a0 as named by
I have 1920's album of vacation photos (mostly N.Cal.). Many include family car. Contact me if you want to borrow the album.
There's a land where we'll never grow old! Thank YOU!!!
sorry Jo Cee ill try harder
was an actual bipartisan rejection of 's (and 's) policy prescription too...
wow...the new Beyonce single is terrible!! sounds like a bad, unmastered re-edit.
Your Welcome.
Congrats to all the oscar winners!
If drake stopped dating strippers, what would he rap about?
Mental discipline: He who fears he shall suffer already suffers what he fears.
Still haven't seen anything even speculation on or about Seau... TMZ is on the ball for today's sports news lol
Where can one find freelance game writers?
thinking about going to 's hip hop class in Pittsburgh :P
Not one person is unworthy to pray. God will never make a person feel that way. Anytime you feel unworthy to pray it's because of Satan
Homeowners: Sell FAST and for FULL price! Call today for a FREE report on how to do it today!
I want May & June to be over already cuz in July my beautiful cousin is coming to TX
Good idea, changes always help you reach your best RT
RT : Tonight we rocking out to the sounds of at !!!
Giants are the luckiest team in the NFL. I swear that they never win a game off purely skill. I'm from NY but I'm not another bandwagon fan
he's weird!
Safe-Healthy-Strong Conference: social justice allies move against the 'every day' & get staff on the same page.
Oh, Axford. I feel sick :(
Wednesday December 14th 30 minute massages for only $20! One day only. Call to schedule today! 5034495164
I feel u my nigga family be actin brand new like some of these niggas &hoes
“We’ll do this run of shows and then we’ll take some time off,"
The "metric fuck-ton" is the most fun unit of measure. Discuss.
Time to present...
Did Holtby get flustered after allowing the first #Bruins goal? #Caps better hope not. Tied 2-2
Trying to be stress free.
It's a beautiful day for a ride. Get those legs fresh for the April Fool's race!
Love when my kids pick me flowers. Don't love when they steal them from the neighbor's garden... Ah, well.
: it says I'm following ya...
Where in Texas?
Them pesky the squirrels! Up to no good as usual... But wait, says $1 per #Squirrels4Good tweet for I stand corrected.
you should feel honored I'm retweeting you :p
Words Can Hurt A Woman In Many Ways , So Watch What You Say Guys ;)
so selfish -.-
you will im finna crash bd some day
did you go to Vincent
Best part about this conference - there's always something nearby to cure a sore throat.
Just drove down Broad Street, can't hardly wait for Sunday!
Read article today that describes as too big to fail. Would love to see gov bailouts every time an agency loses a client.
Throwing away all unnecessary papers related to school due to graduation >
I'm pretty tense. Time to color <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I have to get on fb and msg you so you know I tweeted you, hold on one sec :)
These pockets of confetti are weighing me down. #brewers #clinch!
Star wars theme art show tomorrow?? Uh you betcha!
excited for the party!
The one thing I wish I had become was a college graduate. The one thing I will become is a successful writer.
has announced new proposals to get veterans back to work and rebuild America.
I need a twitter class! I dom't know what I am doing!!!
Good morning, all! I wish you a happy Tuesday.
Great game!!!!
Ouch! Im too old for this!
you better have Saturday off. :)
Thanks Jeff...very kind...
Writers don't make money at all. We make about a dollar. It is terrible. But then again we don't work either.
Anysone looking to pre-order Guild Wars 2 to get in the betas?
Gotta tell you, I LOVE your avatar. So happy, fun, and ADORABLE.
I already gave my mother's day. I was just remidning the men of their duty
You're very welcome
Excited for my shoot with on Tuesday! It's been too long since we shot together!
1200sft may also be a BIG apartment <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
You're like my favorite song on the radio .
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.<U+0094> ~ Jane Smiley
Don't ever stop being you, The you that I like, The you that people will love you for
Im So Proud To Be Called Your Angel,&Yea You Not What Haters Will Hate But Us Angels and You Babe,Will Always Stay Together!<33
they aren't pulling that "late night menu" BS, are they?
Took a big step backwards as a team today. Disappointing that we let opportunity slip by. Too concerned about things beyond our control.
yawn, tired, but it is a good tired, #CIS2010 has lots of very smart people who share my passion for all things identity...good times
of course there are good players-hype & quality can overlap. but the driving force is $ and "impact," not even talent/ability.
I asked my art teacher if i could put some music from my phone and i put " what makes you beautifull" and all songs <U+2665>
girl somebody else was on my page it might of been adarius because he the only one with my password so dnt trip
The Showcase was great last night and was nice meeting you Anthony. Warm and friendly crowd!
I tried to get back to him on that. I was just late. I wonder what Rick would wrote about me.
Did everyone enjoy #AAA2011? Favorite parts? There was a good practicing anthropology presence this year!
Smorgasbord now that's a word you don't hear often enough. Buffet is so passé Vegas should rename all the buffets to smorgasbords
That moment when Logan wakes up and says "Where's Sarah"
Got a link where we can see the full list? Don't see it on the Business Journal web site.
Good thing he's cute.
Thx! Glad u cld make it!
“: I always tell myself I am going to do my homework on the bus, but it never happens... #BasketballProblems”
I wish I could claim that beauty...
hahahaha :) you are funny Tom
whats this now?
not really lol! And fun!!
There isn't anything anybody wants that is for any other reason than that they think they would feel better in having it. --- Abraham
Scary--when discussing epub versions of printed books you're never sure everyone has the same idea of what you mean.
I have a marketing proposal for you.
what can I say,life is so colorful but we can not touch, can not do a lot of things what we should do and wanted to do
Hey! I have a couple of picture that I want to send to let you choose what would fit best. Can I have your email?
Today is a very important day. Please pray for God's blessing.
sleep well :)
I love how after that 10 miler my jaw hurts the most :( :( :(
Hey coach, play Wondo in front and win some games!
Oops, sorry, I've missed a few @'s and DMs! I just completed your survey. Good luck with your research.
<3 u and Harry look alike.
hey girl.<3 I had THE CRAZIEST dream last night. Omg. :o &. Wow, you don't follow me? Meanie. Bahaha!
Hip bridges-tilt hips & squeeze glutes RT: Hey ! Any good tips to "lift" my derrière (besides squats...BAD knees)
Well, I love you...
Welcome to Twitter, James!
Wait, what? #seamayday anarchy in Seattle?
when walks in on you naked....meh whatevs
Dying my hair red tomorrow :)
Surprised & disappointed Got 1st response tues pm, too late. Some students very active, many clueless, which is why we need it!
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering. ~ Bruce Lee
: item sent, tracking # entered, delivered to buyer, who left positive review. How much longer til you release the $ to me?
3/26/1797->E Powel:Had it not been for 1 circumstance—I had no love letters to lose—would've caused alarm of a betrayed confidence of a lady
Haven't been on twitter in a while! End of evo 2k, videos up on youtube; search for username Magnetix
All the blogs today link to Colbert on The View, none mention the heartfelt family and faith part after the O'Reilly jokes.
This week's topic:credit basics. How to get, keep it, and how to make it work to your advantage, Ask a question if you have one!!
Accidentally put my keys through the wash tonight...
Watching the "SERENITY NOW!!" episode of Seinfeld. #serenitynow!
Find someone who isn't afraid to admit that they miss you. Someone who knows that you're not perfect, but treats you as if you are !
Congrats on the launch of your company, ! SO exciting!
off with a warning for sluffing, I ate menchies, and I got to hear my mom call someone a poodle slut. On the other hand I got caught---
I love you guys!!
can you get your followers to follow ??
we're sad too! tells us you are quite the item girl/belly dancer!
goodmorning!(: how is your day so far? Im home sick. Can I get a follow to make me feel better? Pleasee?(:
I love you guys. <333
kk but when I get home later
Why people just now gettin on dat Future ??!!!
*Arizona ": I'm calling it now, bama is going to win the world series."
is there any way I could get a copy of that? I'm interested in expanding my awareness/library.
Thank you! : I saw you guys quoted in the Express! Congrats!
seriously?! I can't believe that. Maybe he didn't see her craziness in full effect!
gloriosos is italian, but i wouldn't rule 'em out!
riding in cargo ships with buoys.
I forgot how much I missed tweeting :)
Did i missed all the snow?...i didn't see it....
What a end to a good outing last night.
Oh my God Rochester it's the middle of April, where was this snow when it was actually winter.
so ur new to twitter?
Girls are like pianos. When they’re not upright, they’re grand
So busy I'm tired. I have gotten to work three full days this week and a half day tomorrow. One of my temp agencies finally came through.
road trip down south with C and B! #R&R
Thunderstorms in Palo Alto? What?
ah you lucky girl :p
thnx! Merry christmas to u too meli
messing around with redis and node; pretty cool - lightning fast...
Your children will become what you are; so be what you want them to be. David Bly
Yes & Can we also add emails longer than 3 paragraphs? ": Can we start counting magazines as books. I'll sound so much smarter."
just joking...don't be on no fluck shit tho like tonight.
i know it wasn't directed towards me. but i just felt like answering :P And good to know. what u up too today?
And for the record, I don't agree with most of what Frank said. He's venting. Using war to justify ant-OWS is dumb.
Because. RT: Why must it be so hott in this room
I'm officially a college graduate bitches!!!!!!
Go Fred and Kimmy! :)) xo
bring it!!
I expect nothing less than for you to be neighbors with those two.
i just ruined this trial for us.
Celebrating a Brewers win at Ryan Braun's restaurant Graffito!
the line is always FUCKING busy...
Nothing great was ever achieved except by those who dared believe something inside of them was superior to circumstance. ~B. Barton
California misses me ..
The first of the month is the worst. Food stamps hell!!
“: Congrats Texas Rollergirls! 3rd place in the 2011 WFTDA Championships. Kansas City Roller Warriors take 4th place! #WFTDABig5”
Business degree taught me business principles. orco teaching me communication & engagement. ORCO applies over all disciplines.
Even more worrying is that walking only accounts for 23.4% of all trips and cycling only 1.5% of all journeys
Our drummer is excited that he doesn't need to pack up his set and drive downtown anymore, he can just take the
Wolf Blitzer asked for advice for Thursdays debate. Ron Paul supporters, Tweet him and say"Don't ignore Ron Paul Thursday!"
As far as I'm concerned is the winner. She's going to do better than all the rest.
Lets make tonight a good might people......
Well that's a bit ridiculous. You can't cry like that over work unless you're being fired unjustly.
There's a UCLA point guard starting every game today: Davis (Knicks), Holiday (Sixers), Russ (Thunder) & Collison (Pacers).
Sesame Street Live "Elmo Makes Music" is at Target Center. It's like a rock concert for kids. See a preview on 5 EYEWITNESS NEWS MORNING.
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live: Jesse Joyce
what, you mean along the lines of arthur c. clarke's "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?
#InTheHood, sirens stay going off.
looked great rob!
Relaxing by the fireplace.. :)
Not sure if it will work but I will give it a try. *flicks wand*
RT : happy [] #Milwaukee99 day! personal cheer-on for !
I would like Mike Mayock more if he were a different person. RT I would like Chris Berman more if he had a different voice
Trying to ease myself back into the workload after last week’s “staycation.” Not having much success … or motivation.
Saw leading edge/disruptive platform for Digital tech that I think u would like. Can I invite u to event/demo noon-2 Mon?
Totally didn't bust ass or anything in front of everyone today.
thanks for the follow! i read your feature in and immediately looked you up. nice to meet you, neighbor!
Grilling brats, drinking beer, watching basketball. Not much better than this!
Thanks to for joining this morn. Watch Sean tonight on Ch. 13 special Synthetic Drugs: A Growing Teen Danger 8pm
12 shirts various sizes/colors of the WE <3 Beards available at the tailgate. First come with cash/check first served.
<3 that I saw you briefly today - we need a serious catch up session when we're both not trying to kill the industry!
#WhenAustin tweets goodnight. It doesn't happen a lot, but when it does you can't help but smile at it. :)
I can.not breathe throu my right nostril
Lol That Sounds Like It Can Get Annoying xD
have it goin on - great pitching balanced lineup veteran team. Execute and they will go all the way
might just have to pop by after pancakes of course...
Upset of the year happening? Tim Tebow over the Steelers??? Really?! Still lots of football left… we'll see how it goes!
AH! SO true!!! I'm a mudblood! isn't that in Harry Potter like Hermione a mudblood or something?
RT : Great offer! Ancestry.com is offering a free 2-wk trial Oct 1st.
Praise and thanksgiving be to God for another day. Time to do his will and work.
I'd like to see the proof they got on me.
I am hilarious. Still driving East. “: Not sure I've laughed as much as I have the last 2 days ... you're a trip!”
Thx for the #follow Follow my friends and - they
boo houses. It's all abou apartments #ManhattanForever!
now that there's an open bottle of wine in the house...i'm finding it really hard not to drink it. regardless of it being 9:30 a.m.
I swear I should have a bruise on my arm from where Blair kep hittin me yesterday durin the volleyball game.
Ayye y'all I'm a good drawler huh? Haha
my boss is the nerdiest. water sandals are apparently appropriate work footwear, y'all.
Sorry i love You and gaga
Robert Downey, Jr. por vida and Long named multi-threats tickle my fancy.
That's more of a graphic with a couple of lines of text.
: tweet me so I can pretend like I have friends." Tweet Tweet Tweet
My shipment from #monsterenergy came in today! rockin my new gear
Thanks for the Social Velocity RTs!
smh we got plenty of witnesses
We made some recently with menthol crystals. Shit burns!
20 yrs. after the Rodney King Verdict & Riots! Still, ain't shit changed! Fucc The Police!
I would say MLK vs Malcolm is akin to "soft power" vs "hard power". And that America will not embrace "hard truth".
While planting around edges might be ideal, it’s also a nice to put plants throughout your property. Doing this can really enhance your home
RT : I'm burning up at this cool volcano display made out of lights and flowers
to make sure he stayed out.
Clouds are weird.
omg some of these hate comments on Baby are making me cry! Baby isnt going anywhere! its funny to fight with ppl about it tho.
it's gotta be you; only yoooooooouuuuu
not having someone to talk to that will truly undersand <<
redden and cap hit in the same sentence! The rags might as well buy him out!
gots to keep it $
aww sounds fun
Planning to take my granny out on date... she can wateva, she like
Baylors uniforms are so awesome
Mine is in 15 days. 43!
i want #zackandCody back on
i can too!
right now... I'm praying He does. Cause that's the only thing that'll work for me sometimes.
Tweetdeck struggles! We're trying to find a better app...we'll keep you posted!
I Dont Live In Miami Anymore Mama I Moved To Atlanta :]
you're in my prayers aw
Fade 2 Black performing live this Thursday 10pm-1am!
idk!! I really have to rewatch
I still cant believe she said that about my girl. If we werent at work id kick her as!
what's doesn't kill u makes u stronger ;-)
did you get a chance to go to Carnevor while in Milw? Best steak in the city. There isn't much to see in November in Milwaukee
wow. You really handled that well.
Stuck at work under a pile of papers get what you want delivered to you no hassle. Serving the Atlantic Station area.
Well? Did it?
same ol my man been seeing a lot of Marion and white in the gym trying to recruit one if our guys here
dude.... The cold-ish weather blows. Lol.
RT <U+275D>We don't stop playing because we grow old, we grow old because we stop playing.<U+275E> Satchel Paige #quote~~~ so play ball
Good evening, dolly people!
my friend Young In did it for me :)
I think it was more her smile than anything. The animal doesn't bother me. Honestly, I don't get why we eat cows and not horses.
RT : It's never too early to plan ahead, so please RSVP w/ for tomorrow night's dinner party ASAP
Hit her up ! Lol RT : if she's down haha
Work/life balance is not about escaping work. It's about living exactly the way you want to when you're at work.
you are always thinking of your fans. Even at
u all must follow
Oh my god, Dot is here. I'm dying
I really need to work hard as fuck to get out of Indiana and make a way better life!
you'll be missed
Dude! you justy totally began a knew inside joke for all directioners! Have you seen Liam's tweets? XD
Finally looks like the Lakers are going to get their first win. Its about time!!
So someone doesn't deserve the best if they're fiance didn't die in a plane crash?
Thanks ,now I can follow you again. < he's a good guy and we all have freedom of speech even if ya pizz me off once in a while
Beer is cheaper than gas...drink more beer, drive less
Great quote: if u aren't at the table, you're on the menu #eventprofs need to make sure that #events are part of c level discussion
Jesus Christ man haven'nt been on my tweet mode in forever!!!
yes yes please! Love&miss you mucho. I'm going to seattle this weekend to celebrate my bday. Come!??
Ugh so much to do today !!!! so little time ... To much going on!!!
Early call tomorrow.....
“: Another big day for ! Good luck today guys.” Thanks!!
Shakespeares Sonnets by William Shakespeare - rain boots womens
Guess it doesnt count then :( RT : well if it's on the tv it doesn't count lol
Not very good ones. I really need to get a better camera.
:) RT : it was 415 for me on Sunday.
Refresh Mint is my go-to fav!
If you're coming out tonight, tell them at the ticket booth that you're there to see the levee! And drive safe Atlanta.
My daughter this morning: "That guy must be a bookseller." "How do you know that?" "Look at all the stuff in the back of his car."
RT : When someone walks out of your life, let them. they are just making more room for someone better to walk in.
The Enlightened one sees the entire pluralistic phenomena of the world as his own Self. The deluded see this pluralistic world.
I dont got that Tom Hanks money. Imma think of somethin and you aint gone get nutin
The fact that Sara smoked a cigarette in the car makes me want to puke x1994829
Xmas Tweets: Dad is very principled - no lawn cutting before 9am.
When mikey RTs/tweets girls who say the same thing as me, but dosent RT/tweet me...
Great show tonight thanks to the hundreds of fans at the show tonight. FREE downloads available!
There is one more headline show to be booked at the Marcus Amphitheater during Summerfest. Who would you like to see?
#35 Bro there is this fact that we often overlook in regards to God... HE IS GOD and He owes us nothing and we owe Him everything.
Attached is a taste of the type of music we play with originals and personal recordings of our guitarist and a couple from one of our...
Windows 8 consumer and RT editions: What's missing?: Microsoft officials have finally started to confirm specific features that will ...
#Shoutout to ATL Profile host on the set on VH-1 Single Ladies shooting a promo right now!
Tonight, rough cut of CHANGING FACE OF HARLEM by award-winning filmmaker Shawn Batey with
Have fun guys!
What does a HEART do? It feels things the eyes cannot see. And knows what the mind cannot understand
i'm supposed to go on Friday. Recommendations? Ps lets get a drink soon!
Hunger games district 11 nail polish :)
Staff at Capitol Hill Arts Workshop are CHAWsome!
I wanna hear NEWS!
i see you too
Congrats to All-American Availables Showcase participant Du'Vaughn Maxwell on his commitment to Hampton U.
Show her you #Love her when you have her n0t when she finds someone better becuz you didn't treat her right!
when someone hands you a flyer, its like they're saying "here you throw this away"
East coast restaurant chain 'Legal Seafood' signs design / development and marketing contracts for 2012 - 2014
i'm pretty sure is so buff, his head has muscle definition.
Excited! I am a 2012 NLC fellow!!!
Realizing again that I really need some time on the Circulation desk to truly understand (& hate more thoroughly) my ILS and our workflows.
Everytime I pray... I cry /:
Orioles dealing in Boston...team is legit
Grackle Rock2 lineup is stacked today. Peelander-Z, Migas, Black Caulk, OMGWTFBBQ, Electric Eel Shock, Happy New Year, Foot Patrol
I can't watch the first Cars movie without getting choked up at the end. Curse you feeble emotions.
So many things on my mind that i cant sleep.
way beyond that by now!
Big day at Zuzu. What up!
You should have a kitchen celebration. Though I was more relieved/happy when you got the roof and hot water!
i need to get at least 1,000 tweets til this year. think i cam do it? :D
Just scored an all-time Galaga high score (for me, at least): 576,800! Level 55
Listen to us on blog talk radio bi weekly on Mondays at 7 pm
There are many fish in the sea, but until I catch one I'm still here holding my rod.
yes. And #ShortSleeveDressShirt just asked me to lunch. So glad I have an excuse. Thank you for being that excuse
I second that!!
You have helped me survive myself for many years. Thank you.
all done :D
Ah I love just laying in the bed!!!!!
just landed in Newark and am in a cab home to NYC. I feel very lucky we could connect b4 left Delhi!
Gay tweet. ": past few days have been crazy #seattleweather"
Lol Oh my goodness! You totally could probably sell those! (I'm not kidding!) lol :)
If pier pressure did not exist, there would be no drug addicts
Am doing well. Loving Houston. The Mrs. does too so that's a win win!
My buffaloes. I'm so very proud! Shoulder to shoulder. , our turn.
Thank you for the featured mention -- Much Appreciated!
Quote: “I can think all I want, but it's not going to bake me a cake, or make me the universe. All I can do is get up and live.”
LOL Yeah Quite A Lot Of Times Ahahaha
What the music I love expresses to me is not thought too indefinite to put into words, but on the contrary, too definite. -Mendelssohn
Time to sleep. 6am is coming up fast. I'm excited to see my ladies. Back to back minerals education all day in Green Bay.
Lets Go Spartans!!!!!!
Illegal activity controls my black symphony.
I love rainy days >> :)
End of first half and it's still 0-0
My eye been twitching for damn near 2 weeks...wtf is going on :-\
Very difficult to hear the speakers here at #dplawest :-/
i'll probably just re do my room today, and clean it. yaya.
Hope all is well Mark! Been awhile!
sold out of tanks. Tees still available.
woohoo great news!
thanks for the follow
So much wasted time, breath, brain cells...
RT Big shout out and thanks to Lee, Dee and the great people at the conference. Every speaker was sharp. Thanks!
West Virginia promoters and booking agents. We're looking to book a few dates in June . Email for booking at RT!
So wait, you're saying Eddie looked like a pedo to begin with? More than Chavo?!
Following Vikes stadium debate on Twitter = more interesting while listening to What Have I Done To Deserve This by Pet Shop Boys-1987, baby
RT : ARTISTS WHO WANT A SPOT IN OUR MAGAZINE ISSUE FT BRICK SQUAD MONOPOLY ARTISTS ?HIT US
Just called & told them that they have until Friday to drop their ads on the Rush Limbaugh Show or I will be canceling my account.
I get ill/and I kill/at will/teaching the skill/thats real/you're no thrill/so just stand still and chill as I build
LOL at all the idiots misspelling XANAX.
Yes, yes we have.
River Park Branch is having a Valentines Day craft on February 13th at 4pm. Pre register online or at 282-4635.
Hahahahahahahaha!! Thanks :) RT Just thought I'd let you know that you probably have the cutest laugh in existance.
it's mine I spend it
I'll give 'em a try!
It's
A new music Monday ! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins #TheWanted EP
I'm done being friends with straight people. I hate being "The Gay Friend"; why can't I be "The Black Friend"?
Adios Great times & excited 4 the work ahead!
new American Dad episode, yeeeeaaaaaahhhh!
Are we in love? Or are we in lust?
At SAIC waiting in line and thinkin, oh geez, i feel like i'm at an american idol auditioning.
Happy hump day baby x
Berklee is about to be a quarantine after today lol Congrats to all of the homies graduating from BizzzRKLEE College of Music..
aw what did you eat? are u guys having fun watching the game? wish i could be there but need my beauty rest :) :)
heading home to charlottesville just to watch the steelers game with the family. we're a mini
Chicago, IL- need females with good hair for hair show. No nudity. No weaves. Pay is 1,500. (Casting Code B3)
RT : Getting to hear voice today via the blog was priceless. I miss my friend. She is such a hero!
I can't wait for the Breast cancer walk this year
I'll take it!
RT : RT "Ron Paul supporters won 22 of the 25 national delegates elected at the state convention last night." WOW.
Thanks. Maserati has done a great job of creating some of the most elegant cars in the world. We're proud to carry them.
local governments will feel the pinch of federal cuts soon. it is just now.trickling down #GBCA brownbag
yeah, I'm trying.
the fuck ? Who said that lol
Thanks for the RT
I'm a man of the people!
Keep moving forward
Watching my team play the sixers
Go there, pledge--then RT--It's time....www.petridish.org/projects/quail-project
Deploy your own cloud with Debian Wheezy
Lunch & ice cream with , Maddy & Jacob. Woohoo! :)
I love the food here, and the place is packed. I find grading must be done in a noisy atmosphere!
I'm hard to Love.
Run, pilates, wedding stuff, laundry, go see Sex In Seattle later. Planning on a decent day. Sun would be nice though.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. -Lao Tsu
Am I really graduating in 2 months and 1 week? Boy, time flies when you're having the funnest 4 years of your life.
Hi, just go to neybor.com and enter the address. Wizard will walk you through. Free Beta now. Look forward to feedback
Happy #summer everyone! What is the one thing you most look forward to this summer?
agree. Birdsplatting banana crazy
You can tell an ad is for a liberal cause as it will contain fear-mongering, class warfare, or victimization. Or all 3.
Damn technology. :/
The dog belonged to the villain. The woman lured it into the hole with her to try to get the villain to let her go.
then find a singer! I'd ask for the link, but my phone hates me, & I can't get to a computer >.< haha
I am making a playlist for the Farm Bill. It's going to be amazing.
Oh no! I'm sorry!
I bet you if I try hard enough I can read my sister's mind :P
Just found a wine cork stuck in my vacuum cleaner filter. What the...?
If you'd like to check out any of the winning video or broadcast work that didn't play at the show, check out your showbook.
I'm giving "Catcher in the Rye" another shot. So far still not impressed.
What I love about daylight savings is the sun being out this late.
#626 what's your fav movie?:)
Mrnin world startin the day off thankin God for another day n handeling business be blessed
that was really delicious!
Just found out catered for sex well into his 20's.
NFL playoffs>NHL playoffs>MLB playoffs>NBA playoffs
Hey thanks for the follow!!
I really need the help of #HGTV I want them to come in and redesign my kitchen and living room. Where do I start?
Thanks for the shout-out, Brian! Looking forward to eating and nerding with you one
Q6: i didn't know there were different ones for different situations
Changed it to Titanic.
Thank you for the welcome! I'm happy to be here!
TIRED AS crap!
if you have been waiting for a great deal the time is now to take advantafe of incredible lease and purchase offers!
Any time for you, babes!
Awkward moment when you start talking to a stranger next to you at the store, thinking its your mom:P #awkward moments
Confetti, Philly? Confetti? Really? I'm assuming that is a "thank you" for the refs!
10 terrific pieces of advice – from celebrities to their teenage selves
Welcome to Broncos Country! Looking forward to watching you develop into our next franchise QB!
#neverbe influenced negatively .
Downfall to late night workouts --> insomnia
Yes, create a cooking show with kids for kids!
The girl in Justin Bieber's boyfriend music video looks way older then he does lolol
how to I figure out pixels vs mm in microsoft viso for web interface wireframes?
Looks like we're enjoying the handbag collection Part II today :) Happy Friday ladies :)
Happy Birthday ! Looking forward to catching up in a couple of weeks for a #soccer ideas fest!
Any other #slpeeps prefer a really nice handwritten thank you over a present this time of year?
It's so cool to see #Mizzou on #collegegameday. M-I-Z!
congratulations! all that hard work paying off. As a parent, I know you must be so proud!
#CovertTU! RT Hey , where you at!
Awesome. Well, there isn't much to see here at the moment, but stay tuned. Things will get crankin' soon.
OMG there is a snack mini bar in my hotel room. I am doomed.
I still remember the Bird steal & pass to DJ in the 1987 Eastern Conference Finals that broke my heart. Damn Celts.
What an awesome #fundraiser, Freeze 4 Life, #beatcancer and keep warm!
wasn't even rap music. It was linkin park. Not even close. And everyone there acts like it.
Roy returns to his seat, signing autographs
Why are you scared.. it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN B*TCH RUN! lol
Holding gold thoughts. : Contemplating my next move. Hate when health has the last say so.
Hi Nita! Just putting my calendar together. What are those dates on again on the conference and what is the city...Thx!
We'll also talk US-China relations on-set after the SED in Beijing--French, Egyptian and Greek elections. #cctvamerica 9pm EST/9am Beijing
"There's a spark of magic in your eyes......"
How do you define "integrity?" Today's blog is God's definition...
A belated thank you, Rob!
And hoorah for you as well! Great show last Friday....
Please don't be surprised when they announce that I won..
Wake and Create! Let's get it in Tribe!
All my life, I always wanted to be somebody. Now I see that I should have been more specific. ~ Jane Wagner
what what?? who? where?
Thanks for the follow Hope to see you later this evening.
...aww thanks girl made my night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Gearing up for Bridging the Reality Gap with PBL at the Inn. Preparing to blow some minds open.
Al Sharpton will join the k
“I walk slowly, but I never walk backward” - Abraham Lincoln
What are Pens v. Flyers tix on Dec 29th going for now?
is trying to get up to start her filming day.
it will be out soon. Still editing. After they approve the cuts, we begin sound/color work. Hope to have it done in 2-3 weeks
Thanks boo xoxo RT : aw well I hope you get better!!
its all good!
interesting! Well I'm glad things are okay now :-)
Scott County Schools are releasing early due to the forecast of severe weather. Elementaries are out at noon; Others between 1 and 1:30
And the crappy shows go into season 8. RT The good ones seem to die young.
- I tried to find him to give him a "nuggie" for you but no luck!
Wow, very cool!
Thank You for following us at actinginla.org Following you too!
We who are pasty and flabby salute you!
big up you all! Soul, thanks for the love!
Wishes would follow me :'(
G.B. Trudeau had a Samoan football player character in Doonesbury. His position: front four.
Your manager explains that no new employee can after a 90 day probation every gets "exceed expectations" even though you did a good job.
Colin Tilley is my role model, straight up
Funny... on my route today while listening he hit into a momentum killing double play...
You know what's crazy? The sooners keep winning but there ranking keeps dropping.
Our days are ours to create. Visualize from the end of today and imagine it as done and having been magical!
I wrote your name in the sky, but the wind blew it away
Today was ok for me even tho i didn't really do nuffing
Yes she does
Learn to trust for you to be trusted
@ williet #gobrazil Awesome intel +Stats on Brazil would love Presentation pls.
First place at Sunshine State Dance Challenge of the weekend!! Thanks to everyone who came out to support us!
Yes. One Union. Here we come #SAGawards!
I wholeheartedly agree! People who get paid too much sometimes don't work as hard to produce. You rock!
Still staring at the dirt hoping the string bean seeds will turn into plants. Any day now :)!
Some new music to be posted tonight
#Swag -> MT 28 years ago (May 3rd) with $1000, instead of studying for finals during my freshman year at UTexas, I started Dell.
so bummed I'm missing tonight :[
had to pop Molly just so I can go to sleep
Lot's of snow still falling. West Linn-Wilsonville schools now CLOSED for the day.
... When Lebron wins its because of "him". When he loses, its a "team sport" lmao
Japanese will be the death of me -__-
Any resources for workplace case studies I can adapt to training? Especially about rumors and gossiping?
lol woah there buddy...goin a little h.a.m over there aren't u?
I got 32 flavor of this bootylicious bubble gum raspberry, grape, cherry -- ;-)
hey whats gracie's twitter name?
...I don't have an iPhone. But my wallet has it's own gravitational pull.
Books You Hold in Your Hand - Huffington Post (blog)
I'm currently searching for a seasoned Paralegal with experience overseeing Corporate Filings, managing a Contract Management System & serv…
Will be interesting to see if people actually miss the tastes of McDonald's burgers with "pink slime". Maybe they'll become seasonal?
hahaha! thanks for the boost in confidence!
Loving the LinkedIn app for iPhone!
my bus ride tonight was full retard.
i'm totally unclear as to why we need to purchase a product from a vendor to make a list of our bibliographic databases.
I havent seen that many white flags in the air since the last time France were at war.
$2 Domestics, $1 Bombs and 50 cent wings at 9pm! Right now we have Mexican Chicken Pizza, Cheesy Bacon Veggie Soup & Blackened Chicken Salad
Between the matinée and the evening performance. Sorry I have not posted about my current show. A Christmas Story at Kudzu. Am the Narrator.
yes but I'm still working at Butterbees so I'll be up here all the time
First day of part time job in the books. Good to have something to do while more résumés go out, and not rely on unemployment.
Attending the / / show tonight at National Underground in downtown Nashville w/ Jennifer Cooper!
Crazy busy day - love working for the Kingdom of God!
Honored to help! Love learning w/you:)
Pretty much pissed off
lucky duck—that's gonna be so fun! I'm planning to try and grab OTC tix, at least...been wanting to see 'em since high school
ur a fag
Couldn't follow along yesterday, but now I get to catch up on all the #dayofdh action over breakfast
RT : Getting my node on with at #foss4g in his NodeJS and Polymaps workshop.
Fishtail braids are pretttttyyyy
HOTTER NEW RELEASE Hell Slithers Lust Simmers in new Florida Thriller "PYTHON" BY Carina Nolan only 7.99 amazon
Phone going dead -___-
Never let your enemies place fear in you. The worst that can happen is you lose. However, that means you can start right back fighting.
-my pleasure! We need to get to Part 2.
Another successful day here in the San Diego Real Estate world! We always love helping our amazing clients buy and sell their homes
How do uu do that shit how do u
THIS RT In my perfect world I'd have 3 or 4 big client projects a yr with the rest of the time reserved for writing & mentoring
Does Illinois matter?
Very excited to read to students today at Bancroft Elementary for #ReadAcrossAmerica! Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss.
you need to stop hurtin' 'em hammer.
I love my mommy. :)
yesterday was pretty tough after a red eye with no sleep, but now feeling good enough to say that its not always worth $4500 extra for a bed
This life ain't worth shit with out the only thing that you love..
we had the greatest scout team ever. With two ga's a walkon and 2 redshirt
Trying not to let my past effect my future.
Seems appropriate :)
when will you follow me! ily!!!
Ann worked the hardest and longest hours any woman could. She is very qualified!
Yeah I don't think they're using the save. Sucks.
it would mean oh, so much if you would talk to me please.
Charlottle weather is great..i would be freezing if if i was back home smh!
New Intro On Their Website. Very James Bond Like!
Ready for this evening ?
I'll try! But I can't promise anything. What time does it start?
Feel like getting tatted..
Super excited to have a LIVE episode this year!
Isn't UAT the best part of any project?
siona benjamin, indian jewish artist on www.zanbeelart.com
IT'S SO SLOW
re:narrative- an "atomic" part can be used in >1 narratives - but where are the diff contexts explained?
Terry Anderson is playing at tonight starting at 6:30-9:30pm
Dan you are doing a better job than ESPN. They are awful.
season starts tonight - let's go bruins!
#STAR #astrology general rule: "joys" of planets by house placement are only effective if a planet is "in sect", & ineffective if "contrary"
lol yeah, but seriously...fuck the Falcons
GOOD MORNING WORLD!!! STAY BLESSED AND STAY POSITIVE!!!
RT : Nashville Area's Advantages Attract New #Business, #Investment | #Nashville, TN Economic Development:...
Yes of course!
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf, she went through my pictures.
Oh, now. How is THAT the dark side? For you, at least...
Thanks Chris, but no. It was a negative review, and I'm pretty sure written by a man. I know it circulated on Twitter . . .
The sad part is I'm a Laker fan...great team and they get a great deal of respect
great search, engine, cc computers uses it all the time,
hey my names Kaylee (:
my fone is gonna die && I dont wanna charge it:b goodnight!.(:
would love to chat. DM me your number!
#PeopleNeedToStop what they are doing and send me their music! We need undiscovered music for our station!!!
talking about who ....?
lol, that tweet was funny,
I need to have one as well!! RT : yo wats up with the idj flashlight?? i need that for the collection!
Don't give up!
watching Luther made me want to revisit Heligoland. now, listening to Heligoland makes me want to watch Luther.
you all have a great memorial day weekend!!!!
Mom to me in jest: "You must've been drunk last night because you told me I am a wonderful mother." hahaha
Ha ha ha
Oh man I loved TRL! I remember voting an insane amount of times during the era of BSB v. NSync
AJ Hawk was resigned...they cut him for business reasons and JS says he is signing 5 year contract
One less montage could have meant a Muppets performance. Tear.
Roy and at tonight at 10pm right after Opening Night. Believe dat.
Don't blame McQueary for not doing more. He followed protocol by telling Paterno and University. He didn't want to end up like the DA.
Hey! I registered for the next class but haven't gotten a confirmation or parking pass. Phone # for digimedia is wrong. Help?
We love each and every one of you. Thank you for the unconditional love and support that you've shown us all since we started this <3
I'm glad thm steelers didn't win lol
Sign Up for Spinning at 11:00am then Join Leno Titans Gym Master SPINNING instructor. Class start's at 12:15pm all non member's $5.00...
keep your iphone.. unless the droid is better than the iphone.
You are so welcome! Tangerine Tango is such a fun color! Hate to see people shy away from it, even in staging!
Black and white TV set, and no cable.
I give 'em the benefit of the doubt usually, but it's starting to drive me nuts.
“Some lean back. But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finish-line, first!” T.F. Hodge
#Raining in #LA all day today! It's cool because it's quiet & still. Working on some projects that I'm very excited about. Stay tuned!
When did Glen get kinda sorta dare I say cute? (Yes, I'm a creep)
Love Burbank's free greening progeria!
Building the southby schedule, get ready for the best week of your life
what should i be for halloween hum?
Another Night W/O Her <U+2639> Goodnight
yikes. thats where it is!
I agree...I be out my body
It's gonna be a long night.
He was probably told we were buying dino stickers-instead of these robots
Film Maker Darren A. Saunders apologizes to George Lucas & Steven Spielberg for offering a better 3D product. We have 3D Without glasses!
Kind of embarrassed to admit that I'm watching The IT Crowd for the first time. Not really finding it that funny. Canned laughter shudders
Yay! I'm home :D and since it's national grilled cheese day I made myself a yummy grilled cheese sandwich =)
I love you both. I mean it.
#hbrchat A1 - I think the biggest innovation barrier I encounter is knowing how to find and connect available resources
I am now following This also means I get a follow right? :)
Getting in an early workout.
Work's always tiring, haha:) My day's going pretty good. It's Mother's Day, so just happy to see my mom happy:)
Let It Burn
Thanks, Casey! Good to meet up here!
too early
Inquiring minds want to know: Where will you absolutely travel to play golf this summer? Tweet us your itinerary and we'll blog it!
Get up! Get down! Get those bankers out of town
": Tania Head said she was a 9/11 survivor but she made it all up" She was obviously at a buffet
NO My Nicholicious
Shastic.com allows #performers to build their #portfolio in a flashy kind of way that promises to make MySpace and ReverbNation jealous.
Are you gonna kiss me or not, good song haha
hahahaha NEVER EVER ! Gah let's rewind last week and do it all over again
Losing it lol.
Welcome Morocco!
Well, I think it's great that you're doing so much writing.
bummer. Would have loved to have talked more.
I hate the birds chirping in the morning. So annoying
Tired of sacrificing my last breath to make every one happy. I'm only 16 when is my happiness going to start?
Thanks for follow, gotta say those are some interesting tweets.
Its like 2008 all over again, The G-men beats the #patriots again. 6-2, NFC East leaders the NY #giants. Way to go Eli!
So glad I got a pedicure just for tonight. $40 down the drain.
Church at eight in the morning <<<<<<
Can and will do. I've been using hemp & chia seeds in my smoothies recently and I'm lovin' them.
Geez The time I try to get some sleep, I cannot fall asleep #finalsweek #collegeproblems #GetAtMe?
work dem hips run girll
With his track record this series? They never should of put his ass in there...oughh
Sweet addiction.
S'alright x
Hm... last twee said they would be in Birmingham at that same time today...?
Met author AGS Johnson today. Lovely woman and talented author! Great breakfast chat.
Ppl act So hard Smh
Come on Miami. Do it for daddy.
rumor has it that they were going to assign Chuck Lorre to the Rosie show as a writer. ;-)
kick-starting ass
RT who cares who develops #digitalpreservation tools so long as they are good?
yeah true! RT : If you want to conquer fear, dont sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.Dale Carnegie
I need to update my music like now(x
I know that I'm not all that you got.
Can't wait to see you at the Spring into Summer Concert with ! It's going to be awesome!
Nope. When I get one like that (esp. in my hometown) I call them.. Usually, they've hired an SEO company that was up to no good.
Come back Roland. I forgive you for leaving me on that sheik's yacht in the Gulf of Oman.
maybe.. But it shouldn't be. & I'm really sorry again 4 the late response :/
nah I'm comin back tmrw
Sounds good bro
G-Night :D
you should follow to hear all about
Young Justice <3
you could be a black bird on the country street, hidin' from the world with a broken wing, but you better believe you're gonna fly with me <U+2764>
I know but it's bluryyy
That's a word from a pro. Good to hear from ya
nope...he made it up! Can you believe him?!!
FAKE Holiday ...“: Just remember today is NOT Mexican independence day!!! #cincodemayo”
ever go out to watch toon games in pdx? I like them and would go catch one with you sometime maybe
Yannis Pantazis and Corey Harris in the studio the last two days creating traditional Greek Music, Meditation Music and some blues. Killer!
Good Night Twitter <333333
Yay. Just finished all my work's for pet's and other freebies & mission item's for this coming DEC 1 :D (Dinner Time) I'll be back after WOE
As the White House curator, William G. Allman works hard to keep a low profile as he tends to the art and antiques.
here's a question for the two of you, does the bow-tie only work because I don't normally wear one...?
saw that you're training for a ..What kind of shoes have you mudded in before or plan to use now?
Everytime Isabel tells me her and Matthew made up I ask "Made up or Made out" ;)
Hm we have 4 new followers but my homepage still says 2,998. Mystery! Oh well, I'm starting the contest anyway! Get ready!
Lets get it right back
Should we extend the deadline for this photo contest? Post them to our wall to enter. Winner becomes our Profile pic.
I hate Mondays. HATE THEM.
We don't need a plaque. We have a trophy!
That should have been a fair ball.
I hate this
Installing now, review to come at robotappz.com
Thanks Jeremy!
FOLLOW BACK
Dia Cater-Webb of Arts4Learning "It takes a village to raise a child...support the village"
when will you be adding to your programming?
Watching tv with
RT : Q6 What can our national, state, and local leaders do to improve education equity?
Sounds good!
is it wrong to think that your friend's math teacher is extremely hot?
Back in San Jose after a full week of late Lotusphere activities, need to get caught up on Daily Show
*takes a bow*
Nova taken out of the game:( sucks.
chats are always controlled chaos. ;) Topic is how to get real about realtime. Dive right in and introduce yourself!
yeah definitely! Any other "on-the-go" features like DMVs near you or stuff like that you can think of?
That would explain why John Hodgman wrote so much about it. Or maybe that's WHY the hipsters are there.
HEY YOU when are you coming back to Chicago!? i really need a chance to see you in person like ASAP.
is off to church to see my little homies from the Escobar crew get baptized.
You #teamLesiban...now I see why! Ugh!
everyone here needs to follow shes new to twitter!
"You cannot do a kindness too soon, or you never know how soon it will be too late" -Ralph Waldo Emerson. Tomorrow's not promised act today
Lol! So she know's about this account?
RIP Fat Dingo
had an awesome time vending pet parade in Atlantic Station..met a lot of 4 legged lil ppl..we were a hit!
im nowhere near that dance place.
What happened?? Txt me
Hope everyone has a great night. I am home relaxing now after working. Going to watch American Idol soon. :D
Hm, how many cars do you think we can set on fire before getting to Subway?
Here we go !
Nothing is further from the truth. Thanks.
Haha, So Nick Mara farts uncontrollably, when he's sleeping... Thats attractive!
Aww, we love you too! I loved the 90210 finale! I love that Naomi is back with Max.
#GirlsShould be so jelaous of Madonna cos when they are 53 they will be like grandmas :D
Holla at you ! Thanks for hosting us
Thank you Mohammad RT : A customer service from a whole new planet ;)
Good luck with the meetup Kallye! Hopefully its a happy Lifetime movie, if anything!
its been a while since ive watched baseball
Thx for the RT last night re: our event w 's Kevin Roderick & Eric Lynxwiler. We're wking on an event write-up.
we hope you enjoyed your visit!
Yea that IS Bruce'thewayitis'Hornsby's kid playing for UNC Ashville
Any luck the rest of the weekend??
I'm having the same problem this morning!
Cinco De Mayo :)
It's 12 degrees outside. Two days ago it was 69 degrees. Wha?
With any technology or social media, resources (including time) are key - wide words from during #MusEdTech panel.
.........and the man dumped me at the vet. signed some forms, gave scraps a hug & then bolted. BASTARD. not 2 mention he forgot breakfast!
A Bengals blog said that the Browns pick of Weeden was a bad investment? That's like Greece giving Portugal financial advice.
Bryan Adams is fixing to start. Oh, the anticipation!!!
Need to work on legacy collage. That will wake you up.
I love Blood Orange ......
she is wild lol.
Bulls D is ridiculous...surprise Bron disappears!!
Hunter Pence or Carlos Beltran, who do you move for which one #BravesCountry?
Ah! There are midges on my front window!!! No!!!!!!
Booking these up! Don't wait anymore, because time is moving fast!
im praying for rick ross mann
Vinnie was absolutely brilliant in narrating this chase....lots of poise and calm demeanor
Afternoon workout..
they remind me of the heat last year. A lot of hype they need to time to adjust and to gel. So many new variables/ballpark
- Tony Rynders sure knows how to make pinot noir. Had a DS Mark bradford vyrd 99 recently...it was simply fantastic.
#LosLynx luck at the Vikings game!
i had to get up and leave at that bit.
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
no I am not but my guys will be there to take care of you Brandon and Kareem (the touchdown dance expert)
And just like that I nearly finished a tub of Ben and Jerry's Froyo
ahahahahahahah DO IT!!!
Grew up in Golden Hill Dad had 53 Buick Roadster; how cool was that grill??? Just as sweet as aroma @ Sunbeam bakery 16 & G sts.
Dow you have a show that you want to be on the air. Contact Us NOW
That, sir, is the best response - EVER. Thank you homie! xD I love you too boi. <3
your a classy dude glad ur back can't wait to see on the field again! soon I hope
Everyone have a fun and safe weekend !!
Loving it!
oh that's Kcool ! Aha
Gotta give props to MCA, a pioneer in the hip-hop industry.
Woke up to a big zit! Super way to start my day :) now off to a bridal shower 40 miles away... Shoot me?
I can't wait to be wearing short shorts, a crop top, and mandels in the streets of Paris with you!!!!
she's beautiful ;)
If the bandwagon helps the #Orioles fans shut up Yankees fans, I'll be okay with that.
Dont answer the haters. You will tear it up at mizzu, wish you were at UK but i wish you good luck!
My knee hurts
Anyone else wanna call it quits and go live under a boardwalk with me?????
Frustrating isn't even the half of it. Without Amare and Lin, it's downright embarrassing.
Looking for inexpensive entertainment for the Little People? Visit your local regional airport on a day when they are giving flight lessons.
Wow! I'm stupid! Haha! I didn't mean to do that! Lol! :P #BlondeMoment!
As soon as the pics of the guys' faces were lifted, I started crying. So proud! They really deserved it and I'm glad they got it :)
you're welcome ma'am!
I'm always thinking of food , I can't help it . I'm a skinny fat person lmao
Back to reality
the "steamy romantic dramas" section needs some work ......
your quotes make my day.
Just put "dark burgundy" dye on my hair & am waiting for it to process. This could either turn out really well or really bad...
unless a bomb strikes your foxhole as the battle begins....
Moms making fried chicken!
Agreed. Kudos to the Sioux City Journal for placing that editorial was on the front page. The entire front page.
So, what? He's moving to Saturdays? // RT : On now, saying goodbye.
Successful Project Gym, lunch w and grocery shopping. Now looking forward to a successful nap.
let me know when it is I will come
The global commerce environment is not controllable.
Landed in L.A. and ALL I can think about is the work I have to catch up on. Bye Jamaica, I'll miss you :_(
Conan is actually hilarious right now.
I'm in an airport right now too.
This is the most blown I've ever been in my whole entire life
shout out to all of my new followers. i followed u all. promo me.
Wow I honestly don't know, I think either Hazza, Niall, or Zayn (: xx
How Many Niggas Know How Many Females Exactly They've Had Sex With?
is the bomb so you should follow her:) should follow her:)
“: I'm Facebook famous #humblebrag #futilethreats” About as famous as my sexy curly locks.
Lockup on Netflix is getting me through this thesis. Word to Fleece Johnson.
How do you evaluate whether something is fascinating?
Kids and kids at heart enjoying #Easter festivities Loving the holiday pics!
Pissed off at my stupid slow internet, why do my parents have to live out in the middle of nowhere, I hate everything up here!!!!
I have so much respect for you! love watching u on DOOL.....your main pic rocks! the gay community has to love u! =) xoxo
Today is one of those days where I wish was my friend so I could ask him why this bird keeps trying to break into my house...
Coaches at game from cu, Texas tech, north co, s.dakota, wyo, du, and some d2's
your taste in music sucks!
I wish
Congrats to Laura Kaeppeler on becoming Miss Wisconsin 2011! We can't wait to help make your smile even brighter than it already is!
21 jump street is a riot
Thank you for the RT and for helping us spread the word about #OurSDVision!
Well, it is most definitely not the comic.
Yep. Youngest person here.
God bless the Yankees
Great story on the Leverts in today's PD!
hm no but I have a couple friends that do ... Thats crazy that's a lot of work
Come in and get your lashes done at Smashin' Lashes Couture Eye Studio...A wink of Couture.The lash studio for the glamorous
why did she color her hair???
FAT LADY HASN'T SUNG, SO PLEASE KEEP YOUR COMPOSURE #FCB! LET'S GO ALL THE WAY!!!
Cool idea!
My sick day: take a shower, play unnecessary video games, and ignore homework that was due today.
Thanks for the RT, do you plan to attend the #PTTC series?
Today I got to celebrate exactly 5 yrs with the man I'm marrying in 42 days. we did nothing special, yet he still treats me like a princess.
Watchin Malcolm X.
Prima Facie => At first sight, on the face of it
Been sitting in the virtual waiting room forever and haven't moved! Just need 1 pair to take my son when the #Brewers play..
Schools out! Summer vacation here i come!!
#TellMeNicki are you coming to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on your US Tour?
ESPN speculates he will he fired if they lose tonight. That's what Magic Johnson said as well. He's a goner if they lose.
The GWJ reaction to that was lukewarm IIRC, but then we still have a fairly active X3 community. Let us know what you think.
I have seen many red-tails and a few red-shouldered-especially along highways. Perhaps rodent population is up??
the suffering, the pain, the dedication, the hard work,. All of that makes you great fighter mentally and physically! And
now playing : - ya man ain't me :)
On what xx - Dip was actin a ass in Poto last night
Janiva Magness tonight at the Toad Tavern in Littleton, CO...we gonna be there!
Hal Ritson: "People are interested in the *artists*, not in somebody from the marketing department." #MidemNet 2010
& are gonna turn blue in a minute
Well at least they didn't get blown out
You gotta love ARkansas
LAX through security, now where's my starbucks?
Thanks! Digging his coverage.
Update Chrome - new version includes tab synching across all devices you're logged into.
Donald Sutherland isn't completely to blame for his car vs
Good Night Twitter :)
Thanks for the nice rejection, Chelsea! U da nicest. You sending to the Pinch anytime soon?
:thank you :) for the mentions!
Back to I go for my Simon Fashion Now runway show fitting. Rough Thursday! :)
Starting day 2 of my first #tedactive and excited to see what delighters are in store!
Breakfast Pays Huge Dividends in Boston Nike Air Max Schools ...
Norway mourns death of 26-year-old swimming star
...and the shot glasses. The only weirder trinket was the shot glass Warners put in the deluxe Looney Tunes blu-ray. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Our man! RT : A1 nothing beats the Morning (crack of dawn) to run off the hangover and sweat out the Jameson
I find it incredibly awkward sitting on the bus in a skirt.
Can people get Me some followers? (: I would greatly appreciate it <3
#atplc Group IQ is powerful
someone want to come to the mall tonight :$.
Getting my stage at the aviary lined up
Have the feeling Jeff Garcia will be back in the NFL next weekend. Lots of QB's hurt today
Your bodys like a pill i shouldnt take.
OMG makes me want to POP an app off!
Wow. Cee Lo Green really rocks the nylon tracksuit.
"Enjoy the flight" might be the most ridiculous request I've ever heard.
Does anyone ever feel the need to spend an afternoon in front of a giant whiteboard getting all your ideas out into the open?
Just got my new balance 890s thx to first workout in them was success
Yes, indeed. RT : Good advice in the days of lynch law.
Hey cutie how bout you follow me?!?
Trick for ya.. Get in the elevator, hold DOOR CLOSE and YOUR FLOOR for 5 seconds. Express to your floor.
Energy adviser Bob McNally boils down oil markets for Congress: voracious global demand + dwindling OPEC spare capacity = high prices.
Mann,I Don't. Wan't No Kids Rite.Now.
Gorgeous day for some student lobbying in Oly!
***WIN an iPad*** just for registering before Dec 24.
FREE TRX DEMO WEDNESDAY AT 5:30PM (RAIN FITNESS). Only 5 spots left - reserve yours now!!!
holly thats right when he looked into our eyes!<3
I saw Blake Shelton last year at a small casino, great show!
Paul's Boutique.
Night Mia and sweet dreams... Any vampires or Deep, wake up & run.. lol
lloooong day, got to meet my personal trainer today :) wish i had more free sessions because it was worth it !
We couldn't agree more. RT : Amaretto + Angostura Bitters makes it all much, much better.
lol : Word i feel so sexy now lol
I appreciate everyone that follow me and I sincerely wish everyone a very Merry Christmas!!!
thank you!!!
I definitely will :-)
I don't recall :)
Check your DNS – Off the Kuff
Wow wow wow. I did not want to hear that.
Sounds like the same meeting we had this morning!
:-) when do u wanna skype?
Hair long, ass fat.
All these people wanting you to support Kony make me sick. Who would support this maniac? It's insane...
Radical's my anthem
I love when a show dog has a long regal name but the trainer calls it "Chet"
I think I'll replace Clippy with Captain Obvious in my lecture slides.
Happy Birthday Tupac, regardless of what they say about him, he was well love and 106Kmel is jamming all his song..Hood Figure now what!
Its cool, i understand. Dont surround yourself with tards bro C:
Can someone please explain to me how the hell it is that these girls on My Big Fat #GypsyWedding are ALL stacked? Is it genetics? Diet? Wth?
I was only nervous for a couple of mins. Learned how to use all the machines and that baccarat is slow as fuck.
RT is hiring fall interns! #betterlatethannever Submit your resume to . You must be able to get school credit.
Thanks Leandro for following us!
I been waiting on my sis all week !
Is it fully confirmed? I also read a rumor that might happen up north.
Ice creams vans are pure genius.
I love when something shows up EXACTLY at the right time! And it happens more often than you think.
I hate my family.
already did:)
Done for the day. See ya tomorrow. Here's to Friday!
you did wonderful Elizabeth! Thank you for working so hard!
Hey! I resemble that remark! :) Morning all!
Took me a minute, but finally explored the menu Love.
by the way i really really dug issue 3. Expect a review after the holidays .
just left the office! Chicago here we come!
Sure! Sounds like fun!
lmaoooooooooo Steph ! Thanks girl thanks - glad I have your approval. It was a rough 2 years of hs bahaha
holiday party!!!
What is the most notable difference in styles?
Ah found my ipod!!! yess :)
People with bad hygiene
Lukasik: Perhaps CBB doesn't want us to read *Jane Talbot* so much as think about why we are so disappointed in it when we do.
20% ALL TAKEOUT ORDERS TODAY!!! No coupons or any promos accepted, Come and get a juicy burger...it's the #Superbowl hon!
I feel like I just time warped from friday night to right now. whoa.
uh oh... Tiger learned how to put!
#prsagaconf Jeremy Baka's talk on unleashing creativity began by speaking ill of the dead and just got better from there
hmm. Toy story is cool, I cried at the end of the 3rd one, I need a reply to live.
On the way to have a pre-seminar breakfast I saw the launch of Madden 12. Congrats to Peyton Hillis.
- THAT'S RACIST!!
Spending the day with my boyfriend<3
I'm new to this as well my friend. I hope the market is treating you well.
Punk rocked Strummerville last night at Bottom of The Hill. Good times!! Happy birthday Joe.
So lets play doctor BAYB, we'll operate toDAY, can't wait to play our new cover on the 12th ;)
RT ARTweet: "If we go for the easy way, then we never change." -Marina Abramovic (via )
Happy Monday! It is a great day in Indy!
I think it's time we put a warning label on Ben and Jerry's? Warning: Eating this ice cream may cause you to look like Ben and Jerry
Supposed to get free in-house coffee refills with reg sbux card but keep charging $! Weren't trained on their own marketing perks!
A good est. but doesn't account for sample size. #GA 's weighted sort uses an algorithm to account for significance
visited the boutique today! So excited for what is to come with their new collections!
Well, that's a pity.
Just came from the dentist and after i went and eat Jack in the box with my mom ^_^
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Say hi to Camry! RT <U+200F> I finally caved & got me a fancy new-fangled twitter account. World peace &/or world domination is imminent.
what are their stage names?
idk its more comfy
Always be thankful of those who love & support you
To buy: New lens for my Canon or field camera?
I love that says "Auntie" that's so Chicago lol
Going to watch the movie The Help, I hope it's good!
I will! Probably be a few months- I am a slow painter! Thanks :)
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
It's right down the street. I want to hear more about your catalogue efforts too.
For sure and looking to add more to her dirty girl posse.
:o? : Wishing the messages I get were from youu...
Then it's off to see Nurge at The Red Rabbit. Yeah!
Aspire higher!
I register an account with , and get an email from their "select 3rd party advertisers": "STOP THE MD GAS TAX" -- Lame.
Neuromarketing: Is it real? Deep down, in yr subconscious, U know it is! 1 day, IC will use 2! (via )
Right now #Spain vs. #Scotland - vamos Espana!
Watching jersey shore !!
Back to drinking water more often, fell off
If Your Friends With Yourself “First”… Well That’s One Down…
It's hard to get some teachers to adapt to using them.
Morning practice tweeters. Have open houses his weekend? Think about promoting those on twitter. Links, pictures and witty copy!
nice message ain't it?
grow up be mature oh yeah n grow some balls n bring your ass to the hood n dont forget bitch graduated top of our classes
not just u. Lol frank. Jojo. Rachel. All y'all do it haha. I just say ttyl :)
I'll never understand why women seem to be so sensitive about their weight. Beauty comes in all sizes!
Sunday is the new Saturday! so check out #SundayJazzLounge tonight w/special guest James King, #amazingspace for
Thank you for not being here !!!! I don't have to do the routine till Tuesday ( :
you were fire last night
Lil attitude problem came with all women I thought?
Is it wrong that I'm secretly relieved my boyfriend's flight is delayed? Also that I'm tweeting it?
I just saw the uncut video of it!!!! What a piece of trash! Dana has every right to be mad!
that's happened to me before. Haha what a way to end a day!
There's a glimmer of hope for me in regards to passing AP Calc
Holy cow #Austin - the storm / lightning / wind is pretty crazy. Was walking Louie and it felt like Dorothy and Toto in Oz.
Downloading sides on a SUNDAY to send to talent!
Im such a mama's girl lol i miss her already&i just saw her like a hour ago
Anti social just gonna keep to my self
going on a class trip, be back Friday! x
Smooth move, asshole.
Thanks for the follow. This is a great service to actors. is one of the best CD's in town. Good to know!
We live in crazy world.
If I restore from 5.0 to 4.3.3, will I be able to restore from a backup or will it say it can't because the version is old?
Can't stand when I see a guy not opening a door for a woman, especially when it's a younger guy/older woman.
I love that I've completed college, have a bachelors degree and am making NOTHING, all I can hope is Ill learn something from this...
Glad to hear we're your favorite!
#sca2012 Calif Redistricting Commission (legislative districts--big friggin' deal) planned ahead for retention of their files. Ahh, nirvana.
#BandsILove System of a Down
Dog sitting again!
RT : Stoked for the holiday party ! Micah Brown + J...
when did you see it? I only saw once.
What is wrong with me? I can construct a pathfinder on ANY SUBJECT I WANT and I can't think of a damn thing.
um if you find it I will buy the first round. Lol
And and name that starts with a J is sexy af....by default.
I thank God for my handicaps, for through them, I have found myself, my work and my God.
In final stages of bizness manual for #actors w/ #auditions & #auditiontechnique for #stage #TV #Film getting an agent & more. ilovemylife
I hate when people say they follow back when they really don't!!
Congratulations to 2012 IBFF Audience Award Winner HALF and 2012 Audience Award Honorable Mentions FLUID and STORYWOODS!
totally used this! haha thank you
Anxious 2C what DD and Mack do now! So sad 2C Muschamp leave! Hope rumors of our beloved Major and Akina joining him r wrong!
Not only is it #weekone, but America's Game: 2011 Packers premiers Wednesday night at 9 PM ET.
Think I'll have to do 95
come get me lol
I never get 100% on my playing quizzes only 93% WHY WHY?!!!
I finally realized that I love him so much....
Working is even harder!
Hey! How's things? How is the family?
It's the best feeling :)
White Mystery has mastered hairography.
hey ! we hire now girls as webcam models for our new website, would you like to join us?
that's a good thing right?!
definition of alcohol: Addiction Free Forever Program | drunk pictures
can't wait to start editing this video this weekend, Everyone Keep a look out for Jaquon Story's music video "Trade" Director by yours truly
what are you up to?
lol yea I started a mini scene ova a cookie id hav
Miss America 2012 miss Wisconsin
thanks John!! I gotta thank though for how amazing they look. And for the rad customer service :)
Looks like the Cargo of old is back
i watched the first two eps and then quit. i'm amazed that it got another season.
My #fridayreads - Graveyard Book (book & read online by ) Silence Thom Perry (playaway), CSLewis Till We Have Faces, CDs in car
Having pain and not knowing how you got it
Me too Abs!!! You've no idea. Wish we were having afternoon tea again :). Hugs!!!
I know that Jesus died for us! But I couldnt tell you who the other side was, so I parallel double park that mothafucka sideways!
This bag of candy is everything right now
do people still use this site?
Hello goodies :)
Cool :) First Directioner I've followed :) And thanks for the follow back :)
This show with Tami character OS a prime example of bullying and how people watch without doing anything
I sense a merch opportunity here: Graduatin' Molly action figure! (Doctor Who scarf sold separately.) #Congratulations!
Maybe Im Tha One
i know we're young, and i know we've made mistakes -- i just hope you'll realize what you're missing out on one of these days.
#ImagineDragons Your eyes, they shine so bright, I want to save their light, I can't escape this now, Unless you show me how
A2: I think "history" includes any Chapter awards and recognitions won... what else would you include?
Yo , I feel slow AF , I just got where you got that stuck in highlights shit from, Don Trip !
I'm sittin in the booth watchin run the boards, the guy who runs the lights got to dancing and backhanded me square in the chest.
I am glad to hear that. :) Me? I am just going to watch #CriminalMinds and #CSI:
Go, Molly! Thanks for coaching, Calley. RT : Getting ready to Race for the Cure with a friend doing her first 5k ever.
Anytime luv RT : , long overdue. Next week?
Moving to Cartersville was the worst and best decision I've ever made.
the only thing I hear is music desaburre music ...!
I finally have this IPhone in my hands.. Not complaining.
"What the fuck is 96?" "It's a number, scientist. It really means 'read a book.' Ha, yeah right, I can't even pretend, fuck reading"
nice going on Tosh.0 last night...first web redemption I've seen where the person looked badass!
I heart you! Can't wait for our Runyon Canyon date!
thanks i found them (: bahahhaa(: man! I wanted to make a twitter account for one of austins body parts but they r all taken
Not a chance :)
Such an early game in the middle of no where
is ECSTATIC that she won an open records battle with the Comal County DA's office.
#nr Operation Family Secrets: How a mobster's son and the FBI brought down Chicago's murderous crime family
Dude my mom beat the shit outta me yesterday cuz I didn't sweep right #myarmhurts lol
I really don't want OKC to win, but I don't want the Lakers to win more
You got the production and the distribution down but what are you doing to rise above the sea of mediocrity.
"Supporting Inquiry-Based Instruction Through Mobile Learning" by Gerald Gannod & Kristen Bachman is one of 60+ sessions at
#BestTimeToSmokeWeed breezy Summer night, windows down, beats blasting
I hope she comes on.. i have to go get my hair cut.. i been looking tragic for way to long..
I'm amazing at Monopoly! One of my all time favorites!
didnt see the sticky - i think it says its deleted now
Weight loss is great for health and beauty in an age where physicall fitness is so important!
To all underclassmen cherish EVERY moment you have left of high school cause when your here this time in a few years your gonna wish you did
unless she's a really good actress, the only way you'll be #winning is if that's not the first or second time that's happened
thanks ill definitely try more! got any song request?
#SOMEDAY you will follow me... I'm a #belieber and your my #boyfriend so... #believe that I love you(:(:(:
I accidentally made too much quinoa and I'm running out of leftover ideas.
struggling to keep a positive attitude in life right now
I just heard HR3606 just passed the House of representatives (again), this time 380 votes for & 41 against. Now its off to the President to…
Sacramento Process Server, efficient, reliable, & friendly 916-509-0677 to serve your small claims, bank levy, summons, & divorce documents.
I'm stupid! Lol I just remembered that I had tooth brushes from when they give me at the dentist! I'll just use one of those for now..... x)
Woke up with my American flag bandana still on my head
Send some more followers my way. The more the merrier.
Happy birthday!
Tv: "silly rabbit, trix are for kids!" my mom: "and whores too, cause they turn tricks...."
whatsup with them video thangs... saw your distress signal beaming in the sky... here to the rescue
There's this one kid that just creeps the shit out of me at school... every where I turn he's there anywhere I walk he's there its like WTF
MT : Why aren't we just having Democrats & Republicans each pay for 1/2 the student loan bill the other party won't object to?
thanks for visiting and sharing our website! :)
- No way. You're all going down.
The Big Show still sucks(-_-)
.....I am greatful for all that i have, i worked hard for it...LOVE,SUPPORT,and money to buy food and shelter(sorry but i am).......
And I'll let you know when I've got OGY confirmation. It'll be a blast to get to do it in CLE. #Acting/Brilliant
talk about survival of the fittest!
lol we'll work that out you got my number
Minister Pandor: "SA cannot attract tech industry if we don't lay foundations for our own people w/in our schools."
My writer's block tends to flare up when I work from home. It's one reason why I fear freelancing.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun
Major cutting, that is.
...teehee... I KNOW they are... I was just being COY. ;) The Divas will ROCK IT!
Hey, interested in your fork of the apn_sender gem. Shoot me a DM if you get a chance. Thanks!
Twitter seems so dead tonight
Yes You Can
Infographic made by me (Salil). Sorry for confusion - attributing for inspiration on edu uses.
we are so sophisticated! grandma must play catch phrase again, i hope to cant wait for her air force one impression one more time
Wouldn't it depend on whether actual skewers were used?
I would be too man
RT : it's the only way to go. Can't beat the knowledge of a real life travel agent who's there for you 24-7.
oh my gosh yes ugh !
Got good stuff to do :)
thinks she is cool because she has a blackberry now! Hahaha
wish you were there! Thanks for the postcard <3 ! Miss you! When are you back?
#ff #onlyonedayoff have a great weekend!
Visited the place where I grew up today. The place where The Trouble with Half a Moon was placed into my heart. Video to come!
Events, social media, classes, food pairings.... Okay, but is there any new marketing strategies in craft beer?
Hope to talk with some of you at the
The news I just heard was ridiculous and infuriating
working now, shelving and sorting is definitely a nice temporary alternative to helping patrons...very rudimentary :-)
Even though, I've personally fallen off daily Tweeting train--really looking forward to seeing peeps at #MKEtweetup!
Going to the 7th and the Phils are hanging on to a 5-3 lead.
I just scanned the picture and BAM! There he was! Turban and all.
HEY, follow
beautiful #juicing day on lake michigan!
He calls you those, nbut its none of my business
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well.
A poker tournament bro. None of these fools knew how to play. I credit my win to the games in Rex's basement growing up. lmao
I don't care how you do it. Just show me that you care.
Let me know if you need to bounce any ideas off of me. I'd be happy to chat.
What are some of your favorite classical pieces to listen to on a bright and sunny spring day? What a great day in the #GLEEfulweek in May
“ When an #Aquarius wants you, feel lucky because their love is intense and real”
Learning about copyright via webinar with
you could drive her all week
Polar bears can eat as many as 86 penguins in a single sitting
Skipped out on the last band to try and miss the 2am mugging rush.
What videos are you guys watching? We try and track what the cool videos are so help us out!
I'm working on a list of the Top 25 Cardinals of all-time. Any non-obvious players who deserve consideration?
I'm sure it will at least look cool.
“: Fond memories of my early years flooding back #Madonna” Me too!
refocus on Pluckhahn's paper - ethnographical skills need to be more focused in order to fully use these tools
It is perfect.
We're sitting in a bar near the trolley station trying to not let the beer go bad. :)
Tips from Food and Wine magazine on how to make a great meatball. Maybe I'll share some of my secrets later this week :)...
Southern CA school librarians: ALA or ISTE?
That wont be the last! I plan to bring my team in for the experience! RT : We love a happy chef in the fields!
I though u always be mine .. Mine :/
RT : #Libra is a go getter, independent and always fair. << That's me!!! :)
I hate seeing all this on here
Cyber Monday fashion deals and steals In the wonderful world of retail, sales promoted via emails are prevalant, especially with the rise
My Fone About To Die :(
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. -R. Hornsby
Dudes with yellow mohawks should at least be good.
she won't ... I promise you she won't, she will forever regret say that because I won't let her near my kids is she keeps up
Hard for them to hide their disdain, but shouldn't justices be practiced at at least APPEARING to be impartial?
Send notices as self-mailers and save the envelope cost. It adds up for larger class actions.
wow the We Are Marshall soundtrack is awesome
yeah ik lol #zap is in my room or #zap would tweet me happy birthday :)
Happy New Year Friends! Excited for all the great things ahead... Can't wait for your new cd & welcoming baby girl 3 :-)
In all regular season games played in January, the #Ravens are No. 2 all-time in both rushing offense (164.7 ypg) and run defense (71.2 ypg)
Tonight Y'all! Americana Music Artist, in Downstairs Lounge, March 20th @ 8.30pm
Finally hopping on the twitter bandwagon.
where you at
It's my birthday today. Apparently it's also Charles Dickens'.
Grove's Tasting Room is open today from 12-5pm. Stop in for Free Mulled Wine, Tasting, Glasses, and Last Minute Gifts. Happy Holidays!!!
I hate amateur night!
Going on now. Genealogy & Generations Exhibit at Newark School of the Arts!
suddenly feel like eating chocolate cake.
We count over 20 "in the round" performances going on, starting at 2pm upstairs in the top floors! Come see some awesome folkies!
www.gemcuisine.com !! Your Gourmet Alternative To The Boring Corporate Lunch
what time?:o
Next up...try to figure out PostGIS.
Dov has the mic & is speaking abt parent organizing.
..you keep posting great info, I'll keep retweetin'...lol
Trying to figure out how much I really need to stay for the rest of the show. Love Erykah Badu and all but after BDK & Rick I'm kinda good.
I will be on at about 4-5 p.m. EST
Four day weekend starts NOW. here I come ready or not! (Speaking of not ready- I need to pack/make a playlist asap)
RDJ's shoes are great. I would love a Mark Ruffalo "Hulk" movie... but preferably with Joss Whedon as Writer/Director :)
Yeah, it doesn't seem very well thought out in that respect. The two LEDs stay on too so it's clear that it's on.
Thank YOU! The new GaLuWi web site www.GaLuWi.com had 877+ hits in two weeks. All over the USA, Canada, Ireland & Puerto Rico. Thank you!!!
Prepare for & to destroy #RBNY on the 23d at RBA.
Watching my babe fall asleep and talking to himself is pretty cute lol
follow BBTFactory's CEO Dana Randall
renaming? that sounds like a terrible idea
I survived!! Got ice on me and taking some meds.... Thanks for asking!!
I am way more excited for Cars 2 than either of my children.
I'll probably use a borax one, as I'll have to get some to make laundry detergent, anyway.
awh that's great! it's still 21:20 here. good morning. x
Quote of the night: Is that guy dressed up like Edward Cullen or is he just a douchebag?
Affinity is powerful force in building trust. Start with those you share a common bond because we trust those who remind us of ourselves.
Good Morning, New England....
#littleknownfact Google does not look at the "keywords" meta tag in it's current algorithm
I passed the English section with a flat 200 & failed the math by 4 points..
your so close oh my god
Jersey shore gave it away. Now they all know we've been makin fun of them
Art/graff show/sale mania! 5th and marth go now hurry.
Having a not so great day.
I did! Grandma and grandpa!!
Just got word that the Cabo Wabo girls will be at the Inn this Thursday from 8-10pm...details to follow.
Stop by the Greenfield Wisconsin Athletic Club for Dog Day Bash to benefit 5-7PM tonight; fun and games for you and your dog!
Oh oH Oh It's Magic.! You Know. Never Believe It's Not Soo.!
Steven's account operates in stealth mode. He can never be found.
Awesome Weekend! Time to step out of the wardrobe and rejoin the rest of the world! What a ride!
Cover yo' plants, people. RT : Freeze Warning early Tuesday Morning. 32 ovrngt for Omaha, some areas colder.
NEW SHOW DATE: Wednesday, September 15th at the Comedy Central Stage in LA! Mark your calendars!
Where can runners complain to regarding treatment of a runner by Seattle police?
Donors felt international monetary donations were more susceptible to corruption and misuse
Yeah- thats the mark my body made : ( - Spent all morning in xray, lost feeling in part of my right hand - happened on water st
Willis: examples of avant-garde, feminist works with strong textual play and/or material practices like scratching into film
Thanks for the fridayreads shout out!
Excuse my mistake: "shouldn't", not "should."
forgot to eat the cookies last night and my youngest sister thinks santa hates her...
Oh there very well could be. Might as well be invisible.
This damn phone wont let me download any songs.
Some people are so easily manipulated
theres nothing better than spending time with your friends:)
sweet one man!
count me in!
oh damn. Let me know what we are doing so I can pack more if needed
#FavoriteClothingBrand L.A.M.B. <U+E328>
that sucks, well, there's next year. I'll be sure to point out all the major fests on my twitter. Where are you based?
Taking 791 Music Cataloging this summer. Three days in, it's still interesting.
new iPhone and an otter box case for only $35 ;) tell me that wouldn't make your day! Lol
Watching #TropicThunder too funny.
Warhammer 40K APOC tomorrow at Other WOrlds! Doors open at 11am. teams start assembling right away.
we're so glad for all of our 2010 graduates today & can't wait for Peabody's commencement tonight!
#SupportTheBay #Vote for RETRO on (Retweet)
Interested in mid-ocean ridges? Hydrothermal vents? Follow
Just had a chance to sharpen up my presentation skills in my Promo/Publicity class. Priceless.
There is an outlet in the back available.
Open mic tonight! Hosted by Jeordie, 9pm. Open to everyone.
Hey, don't look at me.
If you don't listen to North Korea, I don't know what you're doing with your life.
It doesn't help that I don't use my name but this is more of a personal not professional thing
That is so true. Thank you I needed that this morning.
Shaun can you get on facebook chat if you aren't busy please I need to talk :/
Could be typo in date; au's stopped working on ms for years; or publisher inexcusably slow. Any inside info?
Blasphemy! We're out on the east side if you want to join us.
if i could only press rewind just so i coulda done things a little differently.
I feel as if that is untrue.
I REALLY need to stop playing the game "how high can I lift my arm before it hurts." Probably counterproductive to healing.
oh I've been there, still let me down; too much makeup and too many Blondes.
satchel didn't need a relief pitcher.
But you dummies think a nigga talkin out the side of his neck! Aint nothin and I mean NOTHIN you youngins have done that I havent
loves www.makeuseof.com!
heard the news!!! congrats!!!
H.R. 358, an extreme measure that endangers women's lives is scheduled for a vote any minute. Call your representative now!
lovvvvvveeeeee you!!!!! did you see the pic of the new tatts yet?? xoxo
know what's strange? I'Ve always been a classic Gemini. The older I get, I'm 'becoming' a Taurus. B-day is close to each.
Tip #99: Since this is Tip #99 I will give a shout out to Wayne Gretsky. "You miss 100% of the shots that you do not take."
hey the family is having a social in Chicago on the 23rd of June
Love Labor Day Weekend...time to heal and time to enjoy!
join our twitter family!!!
idc that Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter, i find her annoying for some reason.
I look at 4/20 like a girl looks at Valentines day... Dont just show your love once a year... Show it every damn day!!!
can we star next years season tmrw with real players?
The JD PR Team just secured a front cover feature placement story for a client. Way to go team!!!
Congratulations Kristen!
Didn't we already say "thanks" when Wake retired & then later when he threw out the first ball of home opener?
Studio time and lots of time alone but crowded with ideas surrounded by color
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Shoutout to for the awesome review! Glad you enjoyed our Yummies!
#CalipariSecrets is the father of Jax Teller's children
still waiting on my CDs! are you just not that into me?
Luv to get together and chat about this sometime...
My one word: optimistic.
omg hi bo i miss you way more thanks so much i love you and yes im texting you right now !! :*
I had classes increase in size, then what?
Some girls
food was awesome..
aww yay!! this just made me so excited.
it looks like this semester ill be taking out loans to pay for my stuff. so not cool =/
I wish I was there with you:) your my inspiration Justin!:) I'm so excited for #believe :) its going to be amazing just like u
ok. my friend Raven is 16 and i'm 15 and we're starting a band :) and i already have and love NB!! :D
Ppl don't really kno others struggle...
RT After watching him slurp down a badger brain, the SJ/Van game cannot get here soon enough. Ugh!
Making cornbread.
- I almost didn't see this....
Team Irv is on a roll! Got great people working on driving safety issues in Florida..."Let Team Irv Serve!"
That's what made it. Smarty Jones, Big Brown made it exciting, Visa magnified it. A new sponsor should take it over.
work work work !!!
I might be placing an order for the local wine store to deliver... #howamIoutofwine?
I'll do that!
Thanks bro. I'm just gonna take it easy today & see how I feel in the morning.
I'm disgusted with myself.
#InTheSummer i'm going to workout with my mom :)
MADISON, WI Existing home sales were up significantly in March, home sales growing 25 percent over the levels of March 2011,
Words and ideas can change the world.
Someone take me to the casino
"The Dodgers speed gun is supposed to be pretty accurate" - Thanks for the heads up Vin
Wonderful- will be great to see those museums in Korea!
If you're going to be two-faced at least make one of them pretty
The Real Talk discussion with mover and shaker, Beverly Thomas is starting now at GWUL!
- and to think we educated you on twitter!!
-.- paying 600 for a truck that a/c doesnt work. fuckthatshit. trading it in this week!-.-
Oh yeah. That sucks and lots of people are mad
Im prob the worst boyfriend ever...
Now they're getting to the heart of it on : district gerrymandering and partisan polarization
M....first time at wow...very yummy plus sing along to "Tiny Dancer" equals coming back here again!
Nervous as hell for the #packers game tomorrow ..
Just saw a guy nail a half court shot for $10,000 at the game
I'm going to hide... just so that will happen.
A bit quiet here at El Cento HQ. Some things and shows are percolating. And some writing. But most importantly the coffee is percolating.
you whore. That's mean.
Yo where is the story about 's fav comic book movie ? Inquiring minds gotta know
...shhh...now, now, , its okay. im here to PROTECT you...
Hate when my iPhone autocorrects shits to shots...must be an alcoholic SMH
Sport Fishing in Hawaii
ouch. I think I could do about 1 box. Time to go for a walk around the neighborhood. ^_^ Inspiration. I haz it.
Gonna play baseball with the bro. It's too nice outside to be sitting inside.
New #Twitter #Homepage for ! Have a look!
so its a win win funny and it has marky mark we r so goin
lol all he talks abt is jb, his twitter account used to be a jb fan account.. Give jb stuff a break I agree wif my bro
Off all week....what to do, what to do!?
Pizza quest continues. Hot pepper, sausage and onion slices today at Neno's on 5th street by George Field. Nice.
Yea should fire her manager he not doing his job! He go to go! You don't need him!!!!! # I hustle!
Thank U, Julie! PrayersNeeded. :) Praying4 U & Urs too. Praise God 4 U, my PrayerWarriorPartner! {Hugs} :)
Playing your game and wining your championship is no easy task and Monday mornings have a way of forcing us to do the proverbial
All the guys that gave other guys titty twisters in high school are now addicted to a scummy drug.
LMAO yurp. Firimbi ilikuwa boss. You had headphones on so you couldn't hear it.
unfortunately I have left the parking lot. Data collection will have to resume next trip.
i love my boyfriend with all my heart <3
Fear ends where faith begins.
the human mind is the foremost example of weapons of mass destruction. just look around you at what we have already created and destroyed.
Sat Jan 23 7:30 pm OPERATION COMEDY. Tickets online or at box office. Featuring Todd Yohn & Don Stuck on X103 hosted by John Stites
its empty :/
going to wear a romper tomorrow because rompers are comfortable.
#Peoplelikeus don't wait for the ship to come in; we swim out to meet it
I hope Kayla and Ronnie have a good time spending Valentine's Day in the McKinley Mall food court
I'm gonna take this guy
This is question time, not meandering story time. holy jesus there is a question under this whole thing
I hope you feel better soon and rest well! :hugs:
But using it, at any level, does.
Emma Stone, will you be my friend?
From the window to the wall www.ustream.tv/channel/djjohnnyd
No tickets, just a guest list. As long as all guest are 18+, dad doesn't need to come! for q's!
I swear my ex is a straight BUG a BOO ! Damn girl wanna blow me up every 5secs
Im not spending Mother's Day with my mother because I went to 's graduation. My mom isn't mad because she loves Jenn!
heiwbdudiiwir funny Lmfao.. but thanks. :) I like your team... Like everyone on it <3
RT : #lolla Friday is sold out! Travel Packages, VIP Passes and Sunday Tickets are now the only ways to get into Grant Park!...
We've gone to oriental so often that when we walk in they say "5 at your usual table?"
sounds like a great show.
Good people experience the toughest struggle..
Every time that Angels commercial comes on I wanna shoot the tv.
Good morning twitter!
Anchorage bike-tweeps: what's the situation with Chester Creek Trail? Specifically, between UAA and Valley of the Moon?
having a puppy is like having a kid i swear
Baseball fans!! Are you ready? New Stadium, new eraBe prepared for the first crack of the bat at Park tonight!!
LOVE project management cloud tool Wrike, esp their customer service team--thanks for such a quick response!
I REGRET GETTING A TRIM. Ugh
thank you!!
young nation rack city
well I have no clue why! You're stunning!
Or they go to Georgia State where tuition is handled by some random due who live in Atlanta...
Why is the training room always so frickin cold!
The catch is fascinating. Google found a way to gain top down leverage on a distributive trend that they know is the future.
Yogurt is great for breakfast. Add green apples, cranberries, granola, raisins, cinnamon or almonds. Be creative! It's easy and healthy!
2morrow is my birthday and I'd like to go somewhere nice to eat mama, where should I go?
hey - just saw your linked in post - are you at #mcbootcamp today?
you should be down here right now but no. You HAD to go home and not come to galvy last night
good morning! how's everybody doing?
Interested in attending our Game night for Texas Hold em' or Euchre? Contact me for more details!
I cud skip tha hustle but its there for a #chicago #kidd like me but no more do I fall bak in place..
When you get a flat, first get the futile attempt out of the way: "It was a one time thing, pump some air into it and it'll be fine"
How come I can only follow 2,001 people but some people can follow 3,000 does anyone know? I would love to follow more people :)
what is it about catchers?? Martin, Posey, Cervelli, Arencibia
#RipMatt you will live forever in every mahomies heart; we love you.
As I watch #thewestwing obsessively, I wonder if Obama et al were taking notes? Or was WW just THAT GOOD?
You invest in facebook ?
"Top of the morning to ya"
oh happy birthday :)!!
that is so awesome!!! Keep up the great work! Amazing accomplishment!
Yay! Pan Am looks terrific. Even if it is a rip off of Mad Men, the fashions are sweet! Good luck!
Holy sh** Lauren (Strange Beauty Show) is about to go do Ray Davies' hair at his hotel downtown!!!!!
It's the 17th.
Oh, Brian Brown challenged you to a Bible-Off! Will you please do this? Pretty please?
Yay. Some Portland zine librarians just stopped by my table.
the only way for me to be jealous of anyone right now is if they're sleeping because I want to so badly :(
lol!!!!! I hope this won't be used as evidence in court or we're pretty fucked.
what is that?
great game last nite Mat!
MT “: that time of the yr that I wish I wrote in syllabus "I'll give u any grade I please" (then give all As).”/ Here, here
hello to all 30 of you that are following us hahah :D
hope your day is amazing!
I love mahomies <U+2665>
Met w/ P Adamczyk on his Pipes project to aggregate MORE LINKED DATA THAN YOU EVER DREAMED OF! Play: is.gd/uo3Z Comment: is.gd/uo2D. Wow.
....not feeling it.! Haven't cried myself 2 sleep in awhile.
Watching the story of Marlie and her new face. Marlie, God Bless you sweethheart. What a strong kid.
hello love (:!
To Write Love On Her Arms
That looks great! Thanks.
CURTIS HOME RUN!!!!! Yankees up 6-4
Second Preview of Precious Little at City Theatre. Huzzah!
not sure if anyone there knows who we are though.
“: Jermaine Paul is #1 worldwide trending topic! ” great job
I. THINK. I. JUST. DIED. O_O
Just got off the phone with Patel Brothers. I'm trying not to get my hopes up, but they claim they have Indian mangos! Running out to check!
Carrie Underwood: nervous I will forget the words to the national anthem
Do not bring a guy to a boil, and then it can evaporate!
Dallas is losing
Tomorrow's hike is still on!
ya, he announced it today. One of my favorite Mariners.
Hello Ellen..your so lucky you have her..mine is with the stars with me in my heart..love who you are:):)
No worries, it's the price we pay for fame. Wait... I'm not famous! Crud! LOL
Water is composed of two gins, Oxygin and Hydrogin. Oxygin is pure gin. Hydrogin is gin and water. (I raise my glass to this one).
Be doin these dishes
Okapis are the best animal on the planet
I've been trying to introduce "good" music to m little bother zane. I think its working considering he asks to listen to my fav song Home :)
absolutely amazing!!!! That is in fact a gem!
Where is this going to end up..
aww I missed U so much dapitbull hehe :) follow me please
Celebrate women's history month! Must read #inspiration by
Everytime my phone vibrates im hoping its him.. Really missing him
Is continuing to learn about generators today...and likes it. Prepper? Not yet...
yes! i can finally be productive lol
It feels so good to finish another amazing project! Going live in the morning.
Had another great sell-out today! Gracias to the wonderful crew at Elliott & Associates for the tamale love. See you again soon!
I MISS YOU TOO(:
Welcome to Twitter!!
My BestFriend is beautiful (:
#ILoveMyMomBecause she always puts up with my crap and doesn't bitch me out like everybody else.
i miss you 24/7 and 365 days of the year
I sent Q a message yesterday. No sure he got it. I got no response. Rod
"Hartmut's Face Does Dallas"
I think you forgot about Bryant "big country" Reeves, no?
Saw the Three Musketeers and was surprised at how completely 100% historically accurate it was. Remember the great air ship battle of 1844?
amen kim
coo, just was curious. did you ever think James Earl Jones looks like John Kuntsman?
Charlotte Atlanta darlington are the tracks I'm used too !!
lol!!!...that damn wall!
i got that kinda lovin that'll keep you off the streets!! make ya homies say LALA got him on a leash!
I wouldn't watch NBA with your eyes either-- but was glad see the story through them. #last picked
No shame in watching the Chronicles of Narnia on Syfy.
Lowkey you my trill bitch
whale's penis? O:
they should be facing crim charges
It was a pleasure. Always glad to help. Hope the camp is a huge success now & for years to come.
you are the man . We leave the 13th.
oh and eating healthy of course. My diet is shocking.
Target: lovely clothes, shame about their 'no fatties' policy. :(
Ion know that dude cant beat me with my eyes closed award or not still best in the city #isaidthat RT WTF WAS THAT
MAC MILLER. and the wonder years too right? omfg. ;-; why must I live across the country.
oh i love the sock and the CTS
Haven't been on twitter for a while! Lol what's up people :D
why don't u guys do a world tour so I can see u or I better just go to Vegas
Trust me... Humping pillows isn't the answer...
Sunday #browniepoints: 3 hrs spent updating mominlaw's computer/phone, all to DL some free ringtones she wanted. ;D
-Ty for the follow doll! On a follow limit! Have a fabulous evening! xox
I look like poop but I guess I'm gonna go walk around downtown with my boyfriend.
Rain in the forecast. Be sure your wiper blades work. At Express Lube, we carry a variety of wiper blades to fit your vehicle.
When anyone tells me I can't do anything... I'm just not listening any more. -Florence Griffith Joyner
every NON laker fans ALWAYS hate on thm. but why!?
Cute Canadian model who followed me on Pintrest? Likes boys. I knew it was too good to be true. Haha.
#ObamaInHistory always a failure
you got the dicers? you can wipe those and program then to do what ever.
aw I love you <U+E32D>
Get ready, DC. We pouring at tonight.
Trim 200 calories from your diet after following a weight-loss plan for 6 months.The daily calories have to complement your new body weight!
Michael Sandel that's like asking if its better for ONE to be given death penalty vs. FIVE? Answer=spare all!
I'm shaking!
Did you know that one out of every 3 Not Like This members is naked at any given time?
What a great wake up with puppy kisses, phone calls for gigs, and a callback.
Looking for grassroots action? Come to the 99% action in Madison Madison Humanities bldg. Still room @ free.
THAT'D BE FREAKING HILARIOUS!
Well at least he said that about toolman and not Chris! RT oh and John says Toolman's a putz!
Amusing artlessness
Why isnt anyone replying my tweets?
I need help
coding experiences as children. #scratch infrastructure of community
Reply 2 that's the way 2 do it. When I run by Robin Williams' house in the Presidio I like to play "Where in the house is Robin?"
I concur.
#tkcrepublicans Long time CR (crnc.org) transfering into King's and looking forward to joining your organization! DM me info on how-to!
Can you give us feedback in how well Ohio does a fish fry?
let's go
aren't they called like Chonga ?
aced all my tests, led off my game with a home run, blts for dinner
Come on Jets, you can do this. (But not the way you BEEN doin' it). #NFL #Football #WhatTheD?
Hey #WMATA, could my blue line ride go ANY FREAKIN SLOWER???
ME!! RT : So who else is looking forward to #beerclub field trip today??
I'm starting something that could turn out for something interesting..if that makes any sense.
hey #Portland model for you :) working on #portfolio :)
what about?
Up Next? Maple bacon bar brat.
there are some things I'll never understand.
This weather is really nice and relaxing.Hoodie season wooohoo.
Inchoate offenses are those that are not yet completed. They consist of an action or conduct that is a step toward another offense.
Good talk by on ResourceSync. I hadn't heard of sim hashes (among other things!) Good stuff. Hard prob.
Kentucky derby time! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
The gig tomorrow night at The Muse was cancelled, we are playing there on Friday, May 6th with Dungeon Promotions!
i cant tell you how proud i am of you and the boys!!! i re posted that on my fb haha had to show my friends!
absolutely pitiful home loss to a pitiful blazers team, cant breathe
fine <3 love
Feel good. Always.
Hope she feels better though
Thanks for the follow! Have a great day!
What a great breakfast feast! If there is one thing we do well at work, it's food.
We are aware of an issue with our URL shortener. We are working to get this corrected ASAP!
Good answer RT : homie those type of questions are for fighters not fans
Thanks for the info! Can't believed I missed that. You rock. Thanks again.
Thank you!
Sometimes I think dating is super fun. Other times I ask myself why I do this to myself. It can be so annoying.
I've had two major allergy attacks since enterinng this room and I'm bracing for the third. This room hasn't been cleaned since 1978.
#hemingways Oh my gosh what a awesome night- Brit tunes flowing! <3
Speakers, Sponsors, Attendees, please email me the links to your reviews about ! Cheers :D
yep -- good stuff that AWS is.
When you say hi to me everyday. I brag to my friends Nd say oh my gawshhh he said hi to me ah<3
listening to "landing feet first" by Bayside. I forgot how much I love this song
Listening to "Let's get it started! Happy Monday!!! Black Eye Peas!! rock
Why am I stting next to a cuddling couple. I feel like the damn 3rd wheel. And i was here first! .-.
#EverydayIThinkAbout this time when I watched an amateur porn and I thought I seen my ex girlfriend getting two wayed,pretty cool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
co-founder in #NJ spks abt #20kdialogues which engaged in earlier this yr w/
My brains telling me I'm hungry but my stomach is saying I'm not #conflicted #iwantfruitandcoolwhip #idonthavecoolwhip -___-
Was going to enjoy my lunch break outside but I find myself dodging pigeons that keep flying back & forth.
Off to #bootcamp class at ! Hope I survive!
"If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow." —Robert Eliot
#GirlsWithNoAss i have no words for :x
I would hate to be the head hunter that has to find Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak a new job... so what r ur skills? dictating?
I see myself as sexy. If you are comfortable with it, it can be very classy and appealing. - Aaliyah
AA > KK finally a hand holds. Guy limped pre with KK. Flatted my raise. Then shoved JT4 flop.
Photography Colleges
Last minute predictions? I say Bosh to Heat. Lebron, Johnson and Amare stay put. Boozer to Bulls. Shaq gets max from Knicks
If 30 members of your profession were assembled, would you fit in with them? If not, consider why. Is that your advantage or problem?
Caps fans would have been insufferable had they won. Rangers fans at least know how to properly conduct a hockey rivalry. #NJDevils in 7.
You missed the part where Obama removes 2-term limit on presidency and institutes lifetime appointment.
Who wants to txt me
San Jacinto/Navarro start time has been moved to 5pm. Blinn/Galveston will follow. Just 2 games today
can u teach me some bball skills bro ?
Lead generation made easy. #magnalogix Web based dialer, and leads. Contact us 866.460.6611
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
Happy birthday, Have a good one man!
Heinz History is having an event tomorrow about historic preservation. A senator is coming, not a huge deal but I'm still nervous
We're going with (slightly biased as well).
oh sorry not 16 but 17 y.o
Can't sleep. Reading Updike.
only if u give me a back rub back...
I have never gotten so many balloons in my life.
Thanks! We like you! RT like it:)
no "rat" in the name...but I'm sure I've been called one on some occasion
IMO buss it to the party if you want meet me @ my pad! It's closer to my pad :p
Laughing is a good calorie burner.<U+E414>
3:30-3:45pm is our afternoon snack break in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
im twatting you
I'm not understanding who we can and cannot call "retarded."
#HighBloodPressure Do Pools Expose Swimmers to Harmful Chemicals ? Do Pools Expose Swimmers to Potentially Harmful Chemicals ?
Great interview today w/ Dan Taylor at about our show on 3.8.12 at in Santa Rosa.
I swear, nothing stops my mom from being annoying af.
you know I wear my boots everyday!
I'm paying for that Philly burger you served me, Bobby Flay. And I'd do it again.
tell where x wat tyme we going bowling tomorrow x wat eva cheater, x I kicked Kivon ass
HEY there's a LOT of letters in the alphabet!
Honored to have speak at our banquet Saturday! Thank you for great evening
Cheers to our friends across the pond and all the Anglophiles here in the States celebrating the #RoyalWedding this (early) morning!
Facebook Parenting: For the troubled teen. Father Shoots Laptop: VIDEO RESPONSE!
bout to eat at a pancake house ^_^ ju?
time to play solid Basketball look for shots and make them. Need this win. Let's go Heat, let's go.
Share your files, photos and videos...
The Lucky One = AMAZING. Got me in a lovey dovey mood <3 Lol if only it was realistic.
I feel you bruh but give them lames a middle finger wit ah mug (fly or die folk)
Lord please save me now. Please? (whimpering because of embarrassment).
Wish I got to sleep in like other federal employees... instead my meetings got switched to phone meetings. Boo.
Have you ever had a really awesome adjunct professor? What made them stand out?
On the F'n road again back to the dirty south we go!? Balls to da wall!?
good :-) drinks or smoke sometime this weekend?
I hope that's the ame of the band. Because your brain on grizzly bears will kill you. Just sayin...
Thanks for the support, Leonard!
I just rocked The Vote!
+1 for retro goodness RT Attn DC vintage lovers: There's a pop-up this Saturday at on U st. 12-6pm.
WOAH? Ashley? hell yeah im backk!
Hiring a Business Analyst in Downtown MPLS, 10 month contract. The things the hiring manager is looking for is: -Strong BA that can do…
Your so lucky! So you wernt nervous? At all? Haha (:
Thinking it might need to be a sushi delivery night.
have fun:) where you dancing?? BDC?
#SinceWeBeingHonest ...I lied...
our dog's is named Otis but we call him Bubbah, The Bub, Turd Burglar, Truffle Dog, Baby, and Stretch
hooray! Headed to see the tumbleweed tree in downtown Chandler and then a visit to my fave !
I'm not a businessman... I'M A BUSINESS... MAN!!
Enjoying a visit from one of the Tulsa teammates!
Rahm's book tonight is "love you forever" that's the book gave me for graduation! Aw
I'm the sexiest glasses!
Headed to Love is Love farms Young Guns dinner tonight. Farm living, sort of. Good fun, for sure.
The Beckham love fest never ends with Ian and Harkes. GAG
So, for the first time in almost three weeks, I got a full 8 hours sleep. Also, my sinuses are finally draining :D Thanks, #ciprofloxacin!!!
if only could see the love me and have for her. #SOMETHINBOUTKREAY #ThatShitKreay #WeLoveYou <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
How is that mobile app coming along? We're ready.
Treating me very well! I managed to escape a bad winter this year *and* landed a full-time developer gig, so I'm lovin' it here!
"Just as pieces stitched together in a quilt warm our bodies, scrapbooks bind together memories to warm our hearts." Social media is the new
WAY WAY too many tweets. It's not worth it to follow anymore. Bummer. I guess I'll follow again next winter
Congratulations to our great team for winning the Award Of Excellence in the annual Weed Man Conference in Orlando!
I only work sat nights now but next time you're please introduce yourself! Thank you for your support & generosity!
Neither do I...Look to your right.=)
So are you! Damnit Yvette, I just want to slap you in your skinny face!
I do have it!! I'll tweet it to u after school
rock on!
#FunFact Wondering what to do in Chicago? #Chicago is home to more than 200 theaters, nearly 200 art galleries, and over 7,300 restaurants
Just found out that is a fan of Turntable Lab out here in LA. We can see why. Excited to include them in the book.
Come eat some DIN DIN!!! Mouthwatering INDIAN FOOD!!! Need we say more?
omg i missed you guys =]
If I could sing, was a girl and wasn't in Seattle I would be TOTALLY down
You're kind of a big deal.
ok maybe with a sophisticatted log structured fle oriented NAS head...
love it!“: Business idea: über for pizza. App let's you push a few buttons and an independent pizza provider brings you a pizza ASAP.”
#Countdown, missing 5.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionBritneyArmy on twitter! RT
is my new twitter page! Check it out and follow it I will be letting you all know where we will be hosting parties at!!!
My babe asked me what made me chose him. I told him he takes care of me : mentally emotionally spiritually and sexually.
that too haha
it's almost as good as Jon Brockman's!
So Walker "dropping the bomb" creates jobs how exactly? He knew it was a "bomb" too.
Maybe they will come to the uk after the tour
So proud of my friend and colleague for being awarded the Golden Apple award!! It is SO well-deserved!
I know:( I just hope it dosnt turn out all drama like justin and selena.
hey, I don't disagree. The urban/rural divide in this country is big! Plus as a non-native to this part of the world….
you know who deserves 800 followers? does so help her out and pass this along :)
"You don't know me, you don't even care"
oh yeah dm me tell me wassup
U rock mom
"If you can feel it, you can speak it" as would say.... and lately I feel like saying alot
Meh. I'm going for a walk. No point sticking around here waiting for everyone to get back from lunch.
no reason?....we have stupid class haha
yup..i gotm!!
Dear Strangers, Even Though I Dont Know You. I wont judge you based on your apperance. We should start talking to one another someday.
Thanks Matt. 45:55. Was awful. 9:50 mile for the first. 12 for the second.
Two women in line at the bank both wearing stretchy pants.
Good for you. I'm 22 yrs older than my hus so I'm interested in the subject.
We weren't raised to take but we were raised to give the shirt off our backs to anyone in need
where u moving? Not away from the Bay I hope!? I always suggest men should try @ least one dance class and yoga @ least 1ce!
Usually a mistake is done intentionally .
Helpful hint: Playing "hard to get" isn't a good idea if you're hard to want. Looking at you Truffle Shuffle!
... your usual clinical scope of practice. Other option is have all participants sign arbitration agreements.
you make me happy :)
How was Mina? Wanna come bowling next time?
So, did you get your offer for your 1st check-in ?
say wha? Wow congrats Lucy D!
RT : I'm excited for this track meet coming up this Saturday for some reason B)
Congrats to the bulls is what I meant
Thanks for the follow Austin Daily (AustinTXDaily)! :)
miss you
Well good morning gorgeous lol
Old age is like a plane flying through a storm
I don't know why talks to manly hoesssssss
S/O to my new follower hahaha pull it out make it long!
she's awesome :) besos
Cheating is easy. Try to do something more challenging.. like being Faithful.
Rick's fired up.
The one morning the hounds next door are not released at 5am, and I get woken up at 6 by a damp toddler. <sigh> Sunday, I was not ready.
#nw Friends With Benefits ; )
Message me if u have any tips for me I wannabe a Goth I'm a Guy
I get high to balance out my lows <~ triple entendre dont even ask me how.
please follow me ;)
nuthin munch my dog ran away but came back!so happy
I'm not saying she was stupid, but I asked her how to spell Mississippi and she said 'the river or the state?
Can I get your number... so I can call you maybe. ;)
sounds like a summer plan..love knowing you are living a beautiful life of faith xo
Hey there, thanks for following. :)
"Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss."
anyone else enjoy kickin it ol'school with the Atari iPad app?
AAF Miami has improvements coming soon! Stay tuned.
or should I say H8r
Note to self: Look at the training resources from this study
Someone eating Chicken w/ mild sauce..
Good luck to all the teams participating in the GFL preseason event tonight.
When it comes to staying young, a mind-lift beats a face-lift any day.-- Marty Bucella
you must be with chris lol.
I wish would freakin come over.. But, he hates me. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thank god for the sun pass lane or else it would be impossible to get out of miami...back to the tunes ”on a dark desert highway”
Beta Iota misses Faith Scazzero, our Brother studying abroad in Ireland this semester. :)
take me with you tomorrow!! <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B9>
Where are u now?
Well at least I'm not the only one. :)
It's less about the physical training, in the end, than it is about the mental preparation: boxing is a chess game.Jimmy Smits
Pounding this bacon and egg cheeseburger like it's my fucking calling from the gods!
We're closed Mondays, I'm afraid.
Akinade: copyright and access is part of problem--"the big business of copyright." Costs money to access this stuff--too much!
We don't reach Mathis on our 4G wireless network, but we do offer a Nationwide plan that will reach Mathis. It's called 4G+Mobile.
Out to dinner with Bethan' & Emily. :)
Yes, and more tapping into our emotions and those of others along with our phones would be a good thing.
- now i know, i've made mistakes, but theres forgiveness & a second chance. so wait for me as i wait for you.
Getting some new eyes
;) Jealous of this one and not the Toni Morrison one I tweeted earlier?
And we're off! 5 days=250 pages digitized - Missouri Valley Special Collections. Here's to 4,750 pages more!
you and that insomnia. poor thing! mine has gotten better since i've been working out lately but i know you're a runner
i bet! ha
I'm more of a I-go-shopping-when-there-is-something-specific-I-need.
"Dang , I should start callin you texter". . "No grandpa I'm TWEETING, there's a difference"
haha well good luck with that! :p
He's mad b/c he's dumb af AND going to hell
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Naples-Ft. Myers 12:15pm, Palm Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm cont.
lol u will be in it tmrw
i guess das where uu end up wen uu FINALLY put uur trust in someone .
That's fantastic! I can always point you to the right person in the company, for sure. We should trade contact info soon.
lol good one. That's why I don't go to those any more.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
Nah, I still think the Heat will win. Indy's chances DID improve tho
Happy First Day of Winter!
yea can u follow me we both love MADISON
Our 1/2 price tickets to OPUS 1861: THE CIVIL WAR IN SYMPHONY will make it seem more like OPUS 930 AND A HALF.
The suburbs here remind me of Bexley. So many treeeeeez.
Christian LOVES his Fans so much ya'll mean so much to him!
most favorite thing in the world right now: iTunes U. Learning programming from Stanford profs. I'm in iOS heaven!
Wtf !coach yelling at me for nuthin!>.<
Oh, the humidity and the traffic! I should have taken one more day of vacation!
“Jazz today, as always in the past, is a matter of thoughtful creation, not mere unaided instinct." ~Duke Ellington
Just caught a moth in midair...
Awwhh A good ole Mt Dew should cheer her up!
Productive is so hard to tell. Over what time line? We're chipping at BIG stones here. Other generations see the gains.
Yes. As in Fugazi. TV on The Radio played Fugazi's "Waiting Room" as part of their encore.
hell yea..mfckn throat is sore! Whts wrong w/ you?
#ICC2011 What could be better than Spanish wines, cheeses (sheep, of course!), olive oil and Serrano ham? Not much, I'd say!
Happy Friday, shakin' my caboose all day. Shakin' to the highway! I wanna hunt ghosts with u. Pick me up on your way.
hey is playing your song
RadioBedlam OpenMic in Beautiful Belltown every Tuesday night at 7pm Come one come all.
TWILIGHT ZONE Y'ALL!! haha:) just got back from my cousin's house..we jumped on the trampoline for a very long time! glad to be back in FL:)
Just past Road 27 on 505 on pur way to Redding. Van is comfortable. Rain stopped.
We actually got snow!!! I was getting tired of making snow angels in the dirt yesterday, so today is going to be a much better day.
Im a big fan of the
and also a vegas bomb
what you guys up to?
Knocking off to eat, Kent. Enjoyed the repartee'.
FDLP Mission: To provide for no-free ready and permanent public access to fed gov info now and for future gens. Baish
I love #progrock. Know this.
DON'T LEAVE ME!!! NEVER LEAVE ME!!!!!
He knw hw much I love him
Georgetown/GWU/American Fraternity/Sorority interested in becoming campus-reps? Subscriber referrals for free drinks!
at least 1!
Whats your #money on?
RT : 1 day left to PhorumPhilly. Come check us out tomorrow
Time to clean all my gear. Not my favorite part of adventure racing!
RT if you are redecorating, painting or other home improvement tasks this weekend! Send us photos or w/ your #DIY plans!
RT : saw the interrupters, moved by your effort & the endless love you & the brothers give to your community.love
O shyt weed may b legalized n atl. All about money
Proud of you man....You didnt quit and stayed strong...People gonna see whats up come Jan.....
buy it, u won't be disappointed :-) haha
free drinks at my opening too! Just sayin' :)
Time to play some Mario Strikers Charged w/ Craig. Good times! :)
#todayisfriday The day when it is completely acceptable to end up passed out in your front yard
I could pick you up if you want. BMW 328i, 335, Lexus, Mercedes Benz C250, or Audi. (I like the BMW best...)
I didn't want to wake up today...
Any suggestions? Gonna build my book trailer this weekend. Flash or iMovie? I don't have Final Cut.
come on in for a fresh strawberry lemonade.
"We don't heart NY in this house, young man!"
hang nails hurt
YUM! Can we have some? :) “: Chicken schnitzel sandwiches for dinner.... Love them!!!”
Post office? Are you sending me something? I'll pray to God that you are.
Joey put some clothes on and call :-) please
Yeah I don't always see what the motivation is to "share your comment!" Maybe sparks in-group chat people don't post.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Happy Fourth of July! It's a great day to celebrate America and our freedom!
The heart sees whats invisible to the eye.
Want to do some work....but..body...breaking..down....ah damn it
Bitches talk major JUNK, but it's crazy how they seem to miss half of the shots they throw.
Eeny meeny miny moe, I'm on my way to get groceries pronto. Gotta decide which fresh veggies to tow, so I've got energy to do the tango!
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2236 calories! on 4/18/12 at 2:03 PM
Be bold in what you stand for and cautious in what you fall for.
: Getting there!! Couple more weeks...
great to meet you, thanks for hanging!
and all you guys do is play with sticks and balls, yeah you're totally better! Lmao
Just watched #Fargo for the first time. Coen-tastic!
love that song so much lol!!
Packing and prepping for Philly!
I think if the Eagles put up anymore points, then the Cowboys may not have time to give it to Murray on the ground
Two thumbs up for "The Rum Diary." Two thumbs down for severe weather. Stay safe, have a movie night.
latest episode?
Someone tell me what I missed?
you should try the Bloody Jack! The bloody mix was made with Jack in mind
you deserved more! Unstoppable!
I wanna retweet all of these...
thank YOU!! Glad you dig it.
Oh GET UP Ballard. You disgrace the #4 you wear when you act like that!
it's quite annoying I agree
reports New Maps Chart Hot Research and Scholarship's Hidden Terrain
One thing I've always wondered..."What Does Sloth Meat Taste Like?"...
Obese patients pay $2741 more per year in medical care costs- much higher than previous estimates
So you guys , If I ask Zayn if I could kiss him on the cheek , do you think he'll say no ? ;o that'd be bogus a'f !
Good to know! What do you find to be the most different? Why both?
#TeamHyperFocus now national, RT and let your people know! We'll remote the entire social network for your promotion group or business!
www.supertonicstringquartet.com- check it out!
Holding auditions for our short film FORGIVEN.
It's feeling like a Cleveland summer right now. Tank top on watching the game life is chillin right now.
When Newt blasts "elite media," I think of all the good reporters I know, working holidays, long hrs w/no OT, for less than $50K yr.
Strength and conditioning...
*Gets a text*.. .*Grabs Phone*. .*Reads Name*. ..*Lays phone back down without replying* ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
Look for revolution at Beer Heaven starting this weekend!
Wait actually it is Liam and Harry who are the cutest but the others are cute to
Do not trust anyone. Especially your inner circle.
you popped up as a suggestion on twitter. Watched a few of your videos your personality is cute.
You have more leadership potential.
By which I mean the judges seemed to like Michael better personally, not necessarily creatively.
Why is it that old men are always trying to talk to me
Oh I was at the game today. RT : Shall I give away the ending? hahahahaha
Quoting South Sudan minister on role of international community: "Nothing about us without us" Helder da Costa
Congrats to , #userfocus speaker & supporter, on his new company! Welcome
The world has a way of showing us Americans that we have too much unnecessary crap&the things that really matter we take for granted
Like melted plastic? RT: : Is it me, or do all Keurig coffee flavors taste exactly the same?
cute twitcon doe
Future Islands
And a Penalty for you and a Penalty for you and a Penalty for you.
Let's do this one more time.
LMFAO that made me laugh so hard!!!!!! "I will!!"
Ty Cobb.....You have any of his baseball cards???
RT : If you are not following my new bar you should!! Opening soon. Please RT
can u help me when you're done
Heading out for the night
Look, folks. Mitt Romney will respond to the woman saying Obama committed treason once the polling and focus group data comes in.
ps- i am really hoping he isn't on twitter
hey prince i luv u so much
Meeting up with #TeamMARz tomorrow in Seattle. Looking forward to it
#ThatDepressingMoment when u like someone and u find out he doesnt like you
Happy Sunday! :)
Nice! How's your season going so far?
nice to meet you! Looking forward to hearing your thoughts
My dad said he was getting me a new phone!
And then they suck you back in with an amazing digital short.
Time for a midnight snack ! Wide awake . Text ? I'll shoot you the number . Oh yes ;-*
Thank you so much!
Be careful if you look for castings on Craigslist. But, there is money to be made there. I promise.
#thatmomentwhen your up so late and your eyes BURN.
eat some pho you'll feel better :)
ah! Does that exist?!
80's for the ladies
watching James Baldwin debate William Buckley Jr. on the American dream is realized at the expense of the American Negro...
It's all about the football. The rest is just for show
Tell it to them girl!!!!
Is the #Arkansas QB for real? Coach may want to rethink that one.
We have a new server ready - vpn-ds5 OpenVPN SSL server in Washington, D.C. It's available in your customer area now.
COVER TUFF!
Ooh finally a campaign I'm interested in! : TONIGHT: happy hour all night WED: the bentos live THURS:
": ... but she recommended I wait til summer..">>> there's nothing like Chicago in the summer!
That's awesome! We'd love to see pictures of your Teen Section! Hope they enjoy the comfy lounge chairs! :)
I'm pullin an all nighter with , everybody be nice and tweet for everybody to follow mee:)
swear to God just saw an exact replica of Carlos at school. yes Carlos from btr. LOL
VISIT ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM, CHEAPEST FORMS SITE ON WEB, PURCHASE ANY OF MY 100 LEGAL FORMS BOOKS, SOLD ON AMAZON.COM
#SOTU I am so ready for this. better listen well.
CONGRATULATIONS A&A Board Member Dave Koz on your GRAMMY nomination for Hello Tomorrow in the Best Pop Instrumental Album category!
People may knock some of their facilities, but Hinkle Field House is the coolest gym I have ever been in without question.
Spring break, I am counting down the days until you come.
all this beignet talk is making me hungry
"Have I told you I love you lately?"
The way dancers can move their bodies is so beautiful
Nice stat! RT Carpenter gave up 4 runs in Game 1 of NLDS @ Phila v Holliday. STL came back to win on road 5-4. Maybe reverse script?
can one of u please tell who is spreading rumers about me. i would appreciate it.
here's to the mahomies who became a fan of Austin before 2012.
ya that'll work. I'll meet you at the trail entrance.
April is earth month come and join the events sponsored by veda through out the month of april, visit www.facebook.com/vedasalonspa
R.I.P. Beastie Boy Adam Rauch, age 47 from cancer. Wow, too young!! The Beastie Boys were pioneers in the music industry and on MTV.
Show me a man who calls himself a vegan and I'll show you a man who's trying to sleep with a vegan
They need a campus videographer. PERIOD!
Well this was a very interesting night
for sure, and when I'm not tired and can jump higher than 2 1/2 inches.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>Haha you probably think I'm pathetic.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
All these people talking Bad about ,They aren't real Mahomies!!
yo wtf. not gonna miss me?
Hey Austin! Do you mind following me? I love you handsome! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Git r dun RT : Can't sleep so mapping out all the projects #NASCAR entertainment has lined up
don't see why not. Most people just have a thing you mail back.
PR = modeling? lol yes, I've been there too. Hey, when duty calls, it calls. Things you do for clients you love.
rearranged my bedroom to get my feng shui tight for the summer.
Nothing better than make-your-own-waffle day at work
Does K-rod accepting basically eliminate the chance of signing Ramirez?
5-10 nl is about to get off here we go
I just caught the end of it, but used the dvr to freeze on you!It may have been for cw twincities or metromix!Eitherway cool
“: Just be honest with me thats all that matters to me”
Answer to #pinkberry equation: everyone's order is wrong
On the way to the Fort to shoot a live broadcast of the Komets game tonight!
ok cool
See!this is what im talking bout!All good movies coming on tv today!..whohoooooooooo
Sounds like you did it right!
Methodists close to coming home
:happy b day
just saw this now haha
you can see them all on our upcoming 2012 calendar, "The Accordionists of NOW Ensemble".
I'm bouta cook
ohh I'm in the hunt for good rose as well. Blogging about it on my personal blog this month let's do it together
Ty Lawson is just unbelievably fast.
At least the UNM Lobos lost to a final four team. Congrats Louisville.
I hate not being able to remember what happened.
4. My creative self had become way more motivated. It's only a matter of time ....
u know sometimes I wish that had Navigation (GPS a.k.a. Garmin) 4 ur life, but I guess that's the beauty of it...not knowin where it'll lead
Thank you for watching it Lauren! Hope it didn't scare you too badly :) You have a great voice by the way!
There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them. – Phyllis Battome
welcome new #followers! Look forward to connecting!
RT : Great dining experiences are about living in the moment not documenting for archival use. U miss the sensuality of it
sure thing! How soon is soon?
Went to the south miami arts fest today! I got 3 new pieces of jewlery!!!
Some of the best songs out there haven't even been recorded yet. Another reason to attend live performances.
lol I know
then its time to give some clothes away as my father tells me.
"Bomb shell much?" Hahahaha I love you(:
I know, i took a nap once waiting.
Thanks <3 RT : Good luck to my booboo with her job this morning. Go guuuuurl.
PickUpLine: Take off that dress and screw my brains out PLEASE
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by They're playing with The Bravery and Panic! At the Disco on Sunday! Stoked!
... wait, so now #pinterest has apps? (I can't keep up, yo.)
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
hey Alfredo. i want too be a video editor. any advice. I want too go too college for it too.
Its chilly in Miami this morning, this ain't right!
dude. you rock. thank u fur diggin the digs!
Hey bro, check out my teaser for my new film www.indiegog.com/afterthefall can you rt?
Followed Back ! (:
Supporting the holistic health community and promoting pathways to wellness
Fancy choreography, Big Time Rush.
I got snapbacks n tattoos i bet that will make yo biych choose
I've kind of been playing Draw Something nonstop ;) do you have it?
Shall we meet tomorrow? Julian Andronic from mentioned me and it will be great to meet...
They better wake up.
Glad you like it. I am still using for work stuff.
Good times last night but this morning not so much
Dear Internet, I have just acquired #Fables volume 16. See you in a few hours. Love, Sandra
Welcome =) Thank u for following back :D
RT : It's not too late to join the conversation on scholarships #campuschat with
Applications of Symmetry in Mathematics, Physics &amp; Chemistry ...
feeling the adrenaline rush and i aint even there yet! ;o
Aubrey got you bamboozled
Selish move by Rondo. Who chest bumps a ref? Com'on son!
Power is off at work..lol no air conditioning!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Food is art, right?
Drank + Flower: A winning combination
congrats...mini-Mando is here!
Gonna sleep in my Rockstar crop top. Best buy from Rockstar so far (hehe it was on sale!!!) Have to wake up by 6!!!!.
i know it's not your exclusive right to decide who receives what benefit. drs. and regulators do. thankfully.
Usher, 'SiriusXM Town Hall': Singer Will Meet Fans to Discuss 'Looking 4 Myself' Album
Five 3 and outs for LSU???????? Not looking good for
getting ready to walk down to the water and hop on the boat to victoria bc. molson awaits. o canada.
#thatawkwardmoment when getting gas for $3.99 is a good thing.
#FF #ComicVine is an unbelievable resource!
yea I'd say at least 35-40 stuck through to the after party.
Damn will this shit let up though??
got your email. Thanks, Kima. I'm going to dive into a lot deeper when I get home. You raise some good points...
bio is Tuesday. But that works.
Yes! I love it AND it drives me crazy :). Good = I can take the guy anywhere. Bad = he always fills our social calendar!
Chevy Chase Ballroom is going PINK for October!!!!!!!!
Love How The Type Of Guy Who Isn't Afraid To Hang Out w / his fam ! (:
Left side, why hath you forsaken me?
is this a blended course?
Can't believe May is over! The summer is going to go by too fast
had a lot of fun building a #SWE electronic circuit with my nephew - his interest in engineering is growing!
RIP Dick Clark
Got off my tush for 2 things yesterday: 1. Carls jr. 2. Astroburger. Let's hope today serves more of a function.
it's not true that you guys are gonna be "the brooke" right? I like Niall & the potatoes better!
YOLO is not excuse to be a slut.
Congrats to and for their grammy nomination on Lupe Fiasco's 'Show Goes On'!!! SYMPHONY CRACK TAKEOVER!
One of my all-time favorite Classic Rock songs!! Fuck yeah!
love idea! after spending a day w/Rebellion Papers microfilm, I'm all about crowd sourced transcription
Our most fundamental needs<U+0097>for love, understanding, encouragement, support<U+0097>permeate every cell.
No hair, no flair.
,I'm upset about all of this Louannah stuff too. Trend #WeLoveEleanor ... :D
HA! I know my BF has zero use for instruction booklets (in his mind) and would probably not even notice it!
lol we got like 6 kind of crandys over here lol how many lick till tha splash :)
Happy Easter!
": Blessed #2See Another Day..."
I don't normally answer ?s like this but... There is no Roman numeral zero. Weird huh?
what you got i need a lot so i can't let ya go
Could u say LKSV mission 3 passed??
Wow... "move it like a cyclone!"
work'n on some new stuff!!! mak'n it happ'n++++watch out world!! Brandon is on his way to the TOP!!!
I hate that woman she also uses 42 expired coupons.
Why do track meets have to last so long? I'm Soo hungry I could an elephant
We hope that you're all enjoying Thanksgiving and able to spend time with your family and friends! Don't forget to get some beauty rest!
Florida's First Source for Divorce Law Info www.thefloridadivorceblog.com
word my friend.
Tell me you two got on the Tennis ? Peng breezed in 2 sets winning easy. Thats one heck of a start :)
Yoga, Pilates, strength training, done. Funny how it gets easier and easier the more you stick with it. The hour flies by.
why are you speaking when no one asked you?
ATL airport...no mans land. Rocking out in the dirty dirty waiting for this jet.
Come on only 6 more people for me to get 100 followers help a brotha out people
"Girlfriend" by Matthew Sweet. Aw, yeah.
I just successfully memorized every word to "Like a Boss"
You are loved.
RIP Miranda. you will be missed dearly... :(
Oh, interesting! I am going to be at seder full of labor historians tonight & will ask, also for advice on what to do.
Hambone has been playin balls off the wall like a CHAMP tonight! Wow. Its like he lives in Fenway with that gundown at 2nd.
I still want to come over and check out the studio! Maybe I can get to have me over for a visit with you guys...
Our neighborhood community market starts today...it's so cute! Go Petworth!
was just commenting on your percocet tweet :) Ion Auth handled a full day of YouTube traffic for a Universal Studio website!
I never actually stayed up to watch "tape delayed" games. Always fell asleep but remember well
that a beautiful car god bless it
i knew dominique ass was gon tweet me a number lol
absolutely unbelievable turn of momentum...playoff hockey is wild.
Right?! Ah, so sad!
the guy gets more action on your wall than on the ice
Thanks for visiting #Windows8STC & #ImagineCup Germany in Berlin this week! :)
i think you should get a cat for teets
Yeah agreed she was nice but not as good as the others but i do believe that both of the others will get out there
When I was 2, I would walk into a McDonald's and speak to every person before I left. Nothing has changed since 1992.
WHAT my phone been acting up sorry
- .... How to put it back it myself now. Big Bear drs. are good that way. Showed me how last year... So, you Homebrew?
yes is nasty he's on tweet deck
You're welcome. I bought a package of lady bugs once, to eat our aphid infestation. After I set them loose, they flew away.
RT : Looking for an early morning running buddy in Bloomington. Beginners only. Fatties welcome.
happy birthday bro
Gah. I'm short a conclusion still and then need to edit down for time. Also, PowerPoint.
Picked up some Capital Supper Club...less than two weeks left in Wisconsin. Do they even have good beer in illinois?
Omg how gorg are you?! Rebel just pops on our skin tones!
hey I am a massive fan of you and 1D. It would make my day if you followed me back. :-)
Agreed. I couldn't watch Full House this morning as I got ready, which threw my day all sorts of off.
Taking my last final then sleeping
You can tell who the junior anchor us, because she's the one who has to hold the microphone in these tandem interviews.
Cute couples >>>
Nice defense BigBlue!
“ shut up”< Uggghhh
how are you
I dislike when people stand in the way of things that could be really fun and successful. What a shame.
what's this what the hell?
#Mets2012ThreeWordSlogans Casey Rolling Over
In the end it really does end like this . But what can I say . Lifes not always a fairytale .
Dietrich Bonhoeffer - paraphrased thought from "The Cost of Discipleship": "The disobedient cannot believe; only the obedient believe."
thanks for reaching out! It's for 1 trip so bring a friend, is
Softball was Mad Funny Lmaooo
Girl, where'd you get that weave?
Discover PEACE in the still points all around.
wat did you here?
Samsung Galaxy S3 leaked photos roundup
make it official. I have seen MANY fake Demi's on tumblr. It's disgusting how some people have no lives.
speeding. blasting del Rey on the highway
Home loving this weather!
$3.15 for a club soda and lime? How much would the Marriott charge for the lime alone?
I remember the first time I threw a baseball...
To test a theory of mine, I ran a bath. And put the cat in it... nothing. She's chill. Oh my god, what monster have I created??
-Do you want to feature your pieces for this video doll? Email me! xox
Landed new job while volunteering Part luck, part great Boston network support, part creating serendipity cc
yep yep
nutting being lazy like always
It's been a while since I posted something here . . . What should I say?
Watching the #GOP Presidential Debate from the campaign office. Thoughts on the candidates?
Have to root for SF instead of Giants...go Vernon Davis!
Hey Jonathan, thanks for the follow, hope all is well @ the Raiders!
Just kidding couldn't even make it that much longer. Night twitter
#rde12 many thanks to , Ali, Mike, and Carlos for a great panel
I really hope all the guards stay as dry as possible out in Dayton today.
does marriage mean children?
Cheers Ben! :)
So neighbor complains abt the 90 seconds twice a day my dog may bark but I have to listen to your baby scream all night? : /
Friends, tonight 6:15 Let the practice love u up!
a great local non-profit helping our kids.
hm, could I get dismissed for tweeting that I have jury duty?
next week then...
Super happy to have internet and cable up and running at my new place in Vegas, let's rock on! :)
Love the hard work by monta and the sweet alley-oop to Jennings.
"You can conquer almost any fear if you will make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind."...
2012 is the year The Orphanz will be on the map... Orphanz baby!™
Fail to the victors
And if you lean a bit to far back in the chair, the cerebellum is also safe. Helmets for office folk? I vote yes.
Happy Mother's Day to that special woman that lets me claim her baby on my taxes
Omg had a great fucking night!!! I was hanging with , , , and
Eat 5-6 meals a day with healthy food and high protein fruit shakes in between meals to get your metabolism working
agreed. by definition news stories have to be sensational or provocative even at the expense of misinterpretations
follow I support positive people like this.
“: Do the rolling stones have real hair? There is a serious argument happening over this.” // Seriously though! Anyone know?
Awesome! I recently bought Vegan Is Love and some cloth napkins thru yours. :)
It's going great so far! Things will get super intense starting next month. You? RT HEY! How's tri training going?
Busiest antiques and collectors market today at Newark Market Place...for 2 years!!!:)
I am so bored and tired. Well talking to this really cute guy named Jeff! lol I like him c: I just don't think we would happen... Ope.
THERE'S A BAGPIPE GUY ON THE ROBERTO CLEMENTE BRIDGE OMFG
#INSIDETHENBA is my favorite sports show period... They have way to much fun...
Damn this chick fell on her booty lmao
Hey I heard you were a wild one, Oh, If I took you home It'd be a home run. Show me how you'll do
This taco fye
lol should be chiming in any minute now
Haha yeah I know I saw that earlier...that's cool
ill get it to you monday
say hello to at Shelf Life! She's a real sweetheart :)
Cheer moms are crazy
Great lectures by ,
Twitter has turned me into a follower & not a leader
y u mad at me
oh i still cant... Theyre still empty boxes hahah i can only see mine
I totally expect that this is what you're going to do with your time in Santa Fe
austin. if i made you a video on youtube and sent you the link.. would you watch it? if you would please follow me! <3 nbd <33
At this point in my life I need to just accept that ill never be happy.
He was (very) busy trying to convert French men & women to a belief system that prohibits enjoying wine, coffee & cigarettes.
the problem is how they treat meat.Cows shouldn't eat cows. It's that simple, yet they make you feel stupid for saying it
lol u probably should, I don't won't u telling me yo mama got in that ass lmao
There's the traditional consumer, the digital consumer & the connected consumer. The last one is YOUR market says at
ironic Poole is transferring to play for a coach who has built a reputation for neither recognizing nor developing talent
Hope you guys got some good stuff! thanks for choosing the giant
Why doesnt ever account for the fact that Lebron has brought about all the criticism of his game b/c of his personality.
Unknown~ Most people rust out due to lack of challenge. Few people rust out due to overuse.
no way
Not true. This is the first year I've won after 10 years as league commissioner.
Am I really no longer able to use Spotify after 48 hours?
Why am I waiting??
girslgames1 is converting like crazy....especially when you can get all 8 ads at once!
Resource size can also vary wildly. Is it pragmatic to nest a 2kb resource? Definitely! A 500kb one? Probably not.
I am well. Thanks! Have a great day.
I think I have a key to unlock it! LOL All seriousness, you need to ease up on workouts & do good full stretches before u start
You dont take a hoe out for dinner
Welcome to EFG. We are happy to be working with you!
I need more coffee . . . grrrr. stay away world!
oh-so helpful! thanks!
I understand. They just put the whole show on Netflix so I'll probably end up watching it.
ALL HOCKEY FANS..JOIN US BEFORE & AFTER THE GAME... BISTRO...JUST LOOK FOR THE BLUE LIGHTS!
Well, think the wifi would suffice for most people. AT&T 3G service really is pathetic in most places. Least for me it is.
is so beautiful <3
Should I buy a book about the Venezuelan beer industry and its memorablia?
Sounds like a jolly-good time. xDD
Feeling so inspired by these people
See a plastic bag flapping in a tree in Midtown? Let us know and our Green Team will snatch it!
It was so great to see you tonight looking forward to staying connected
While I watch everyone cry about the Beach House party at Waterloo, I am silently ordering a Soulsavers LP SIGNED by Dave Gahan...
WOW....lots of work there. Looking very good.
Once my dad and I ran over a bunny when I was 7. When I looked back, I saw it flop over in the road :'( it still haunts me!
Visit the Ford booth at the World Ag Expo next week!: Event: World AG Expo Date: February 8-10, 2011 Location: 4450 South Laspina Street,…
#ifonlyicould Turn back time and tell myself what I know now.
RT : This is a great day for Moroch. Thrilled about our new partnership with McDonald’s New York Metro co-op. More to come.
#StillForeverAlone. Happy New Year. Hope 2012's a good one :)
I hope you have a great birthday <333
"HIP-HOP STARTED OUT IN DA PARK"
New merchandise in the store, means new merchandising!
another morning with
Reading abt "art fair" trend in art market as if it is game changer. Real change wld be a grand fair hosted by artists, not their dealers.
Man I would hate having a vagina..
That didn't work at all. Is thing on?
Hello weekend!
I think i would very much hanging out with Wiz Khalifa. Minus the weed.
I love how people changed their twitter name to Vegemite, yet Niall hated Vegemite.
have post it notes all over my mirror to remind myself to pack all my stuff tomorrow morning
Comfort Inn & Suites Downtown Vancouver presented APEX award for best Remodel /renovation.
Thanks for the follow!!
still a to for Kobe
Thanks for the follow!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 45
JOIN US ~ New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening TODAY from 6-8:30pm! Come check it out!
Sitting here listening to Michael Jackson, doing my work ^_^ In my happy place
Vin, class was AMAZING! great teacher! Good dancing! Thank you so much.!
Very much appreciate it. Thanks!
I say all the classes go on strike because the pep rally #SUCKED. I couldn't even get hype...
ight...cuz u know how crazy we can get lmao
:D y u reading my tweets about my gf doe? (j
John Hughes would read Mitt's bio and be all "that's a little over the top." Maybe don't call it "Cranbrook"? No car elevator?
I'm tired of fighting, I want to be fought for. I'm tired of caring, I want to be cared for. I'm tired of being just me, I wanna be yours.
ALways looking for the next gadget Celebrate the Holiday Season with Snapily’s Line of Customizable 3D and 2D Flip Animated Products NE
Saw The Bird, saw Denny Mclain win 30 and 31. Bill Freehan thrown out in top of 1st for arguing a call of...
It would behoove school officials to think before they ignore a student's cry for help.
There's a restaurant in Beverly Hills called that. Genius.
your album is amazing I love it to much! My mom even asked me to give her a copy of it! Love you ! RT 1 IN 14MILLION GURLS ...
I like comedy, I love it very much, I love laughing
Bitch I juss woke up!! I was bout to tell you about the damn shit but since you wanna talk shit ill keep it to myself.
have a blast!
Welcome to Kentucky!
You got to take a pic in it before Halloween! lol
And.... You're right.
please stop blaming Obama 4 EVERYTHING....
Never argue with a women when she's tired, or rested.
I know that feeling. Good question though.
lol that made my day.
frames logged is the worst. And I do it too sometimes. Who the hell says that in reality
This week marks 2 years as a consultant for WOW. Time flies when you are having fun ;)
LOL! Y do u think his wife is sending out prayer chains? He knows what he's up against.
Man why she over there lookin how she lookin
that's you !
love the shirt!
Are you making daily cash? 2% daily Invest what u want
You’re always there, you’re everywhere but right I wish you were here<U+2665>
bad horse? Please, all the other horses need shot. WHO DO YOU SUPPORT? for information #NOT or
Scanjose.org should be storytelling rather than simply technology or even usability. Could he be saying it is an art?
crazy lils is hiring a bouncer and yosh asked that you apply.
I'll report back tmrw bout the funny mid-show cop run in
My resume will be a reflection of my dreams soon enough.
Ah, almost forgot its thursday. The newest member of Androgentics will be annouced (^_^!)
and the unfollowers begin :P
gosh I love you bowers
I agree but I would be disappointed if I was told "HighRes Available for download" and got a 2100 pixel jpeg. Would others?
proud to know you. I would have done the same.
#HighBloodPressure Diet for Lowering Cholesterol : Soy Beats Low -Fat Diet for Lowering Cholesterol : Soy Beats Low -Fat
It's 5am where I am! I'm guessing you're from England or something? :p
I did - but got discouraged by the reg fee. Scholarships you say....
Anjelica Huston saying "Oh, wonderful" means good things CAN come from bad.
To do list get .....a sword ...name it kindness... kill people with kindness >:)
what? Lambert won the UCL in a brilliant Dortmund team, was a marvel at Celtic and done wonders with Norwich.
TONIGHT...After Wednesdays After the Square...It's Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays at The 12 Bar on Fulton Street...9:30p...see you there!
Its easy 2get overwhelmed in 2days world, just remember nobody's better than u, n your not better than no 1 else, were all = in gods eye!
True! (less cancer too)
pssh, Bojangles will see that and raise you all-day chicken smell plus a side of early-onset diabetes
Er...I mean YEAH! We weren't going to apply, anyway! Change like that would be awful! Hardly a surprise! think of the travel times!
Thanks for including our story! Moms R Us looks like a great resource for parents!
Lmao and smh at Cynthia not to gettin her husband nothin from Africa. Shame.
you go Stephanie!(:
do have to make an appointment now?
keep up all the good work you the man hear in the Land
Single biggest disruption – discovery of ebooks. There’s an “infinite amount of clutter” (parallel universe?) ereading survey panel
anytime boo
Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?
Rekindling old friendships feels nice n_________n
I'd love to see a true bracket buster. No matter conference, but take all bubble teams and pit them against each other.
We Buy Ugly Houses Announces Buying a Home Without Selling is Risky Homeowners that fail to move their first home prior to purchasing ano
Bonus takeaway from preso: Don't lose your childlike awe. There's magic and inspiration in watching the big trucks
Logophiles rejoice! Dictionary of American Regional English (DARE) tweeting word a day. Follow
Yes! To Cookies was a big hit at the Austin American Diabetes Association (ADA) Walk on Saturday. A LOT of people liked the cookies!
always a pleasure fam!
Sol for me! Call me!
im glad i just saw this...im guessing this was rebecca??? ;p
I hate being depressed. It's like, I can't get out of this funk. Fml. Fml. Fml. </3
Did you know Dick Clark? Sometimes he had 5 dogs at a time! Rest in Peace to a dog lover extraordinaire. Via
I think I'm meant to be single forreal. Less drama & less stress
I have have faith that both and can make some amazing crafts!
Hey Scooter, heard this crazy rumor......your really following people now, is it true, I just have to #BELIEVE SWAG
Why don't satanic warlocks ever appear on televison to exhort unbelievers to donate money to fight God?
lyndyf13 on the hip? Lower back? Ankles? Ya know.. Between the cheeks? Haha
have a blast in Chisinau! I would suggest NOT taking a bus through Transnistria like I did last time....
OH dont let me forget ellen!
I am feeling like a whiny 2 year old and yes I did just act like one.
so sweet!
whats it like to play Sam again in 2012?
could you please go follow !
It's common sense that just because you follow my tweets,doesn't mean you know shit about my life right?
put it back in the hat!
hahahaha :-) its true!!!! I am technology illiterate lol
these people are too old fashioned for me….
yay to both. I'll let ya know if I come into $1000 anytime soon.
Bout to get this board out the shop this week...u niggas have no idea as to what is about to happen.......
if this is your daughter's dream then she should pursue it & if you can support her and be there 100% of the time, better.
Why is everyone sampling guitar riffs like its hot? We're getting so far from real music it's sickening
Get out of here with that nonsense! It's all about ME :)
thank you!
Wow I just discovered that allows you to find eco-friendly hotels in which to stay. Love it!
#Jenzabar and #Photoshop are my two most-used programs. Can anyone else say the same? Man, I love my job :)
what's up dude?
thank you!! xoxo
If old people driving were a face I'd punch it.
You can follow my personal.. ... My name is Rebecca... obviously
OH iight we were there for a minute my bad what are you talking about?
Who does Congress think this nation is? China?
#NSMN panel: work stoppage language part of every #NFL #NBA partner agreement
Thank you so much for the free gift! :)
if you or the mrs. have any questions about #crew96 tickets, give us a call to work something out! 614-447-2739
.: “The goal that I set, to defeat Al Qaeda and deny it a chance to rebuild, is now within our reach.”
anonymity is only a problem in the absence of credibility...and the UT had the same story also.
Based on tonite's #Idol, wondering what it would be like if league commissioners got a save on MVP votes.
Wow. All I can say is brilliant. RT : Food idea of the day: a guy selling bagels on the 520 onramp. Traffic blows.
Wow let's get greedy and sweep these turds.
I don't think of you as a crush anymore... you're more like a bad habit that I can't shake.
I snuck away from the party to watch the #capsbruins OT
I can't seem to believe that I have class tomorrow. This does not bode well.
This girl really needs to fix her attitude
thanks for the follow :)
they were super backed up and usually take an hour anyway. Sorry about that! Hope it was still delicious?
It was a lot easier being anti-charter schools when I wasn't comparing schools for my own son.
Try Texas
Two more! I can make it!
#oomf kinda makes me sick to my stomach...I hope he knows that.
Only two words need to be on that mug, "Bite Me"
I woke up disappointed the broken elevator means I can't complete my hour ride to Brooklyn... No biking makes me antsy! (Also, I'm crazy.)
Wish I was there. I missed you guy's by like 20 days. It is so beautiful there and now that you're there it is a true paradise.
We need this game tonight, show what y'all can do. Go Bulls!!!
i know! its been wayy to long, and not much just working and writing =] how about you?!
wants to talk to my boyfriend..i've barely talked to him all day. :(
shat up u idiot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i bet u think ur a psoitive role model?
I know how you feel on that one :/
As a marketing guy . . . I find people love this stuff for their kids. You were a baby trashbat once, right? For cool parents?
xD I LOVE your icon.<U+2764> Harry Styles is mighty fine! c;
Headed to therapy hopefully I can return back to work in 2 weeks...
$890 later, I have my car back & will be eating strictly ramen for the next 6 months.
I'm about to nap on the sofa behind I would like you to make me a blanket with WPGC t-shirts and shoosh people who walk by
I don't care what people say, the rush is worth the price I pay
Thanks for the follow - love your work.
has as many rings as lebron, last time i checked
dude im bored! I hate waiting for jesus :/
oh yeah. of course. It wouldn't be awkward at all. lol first I have to show my mom how to work my phone & then watch her make
Having a blast outside Wrigley! For fans looking for love this season, coming up I'll have their plan to turn singles into doubles! :)
#Clemson McDaniel is a beast... #seeya Milton "walking turnover" Jennings
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! YOU ROCK! :) <3
We're rooting for you Connor! NZ is fantastic and the kiwis are amazing! When you aiming to head there? Next year?
Bored in queens. Not sure what to do with myself.
Take the Picky Eaters Quiz Coping with a picky eater at home? Wondering what you can do to make it better? Take my picky eaters quiz to d
Oy just let the kids write and tell them to do it every day and tell them writing (for yourself, first) is most important
well, hello!
....I'll definitely ne sure to say what's up
Sure sign of nice weather.. I've switched my Skinny Vanilla Latte to the Iced version :) great afternoon treat!
RT : Share your #breastfeeding through #WIC story to help other moms get the support they need!
Looking forward to the Hawks taking a 3-1 lead on the Magic on Sunday night
#aam2012 and, true to form, technology fail at a tech event...
it's a pre-pack to ship monday (po was closed already). thanks for being a customer! enjoy!
That's the good stuff.
Hot sake!
Ladies and gentlemen, it's Tebow time.
Somebody text me like right now! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Needs to get baseball pants. Double header tomorrow. Time to kick some ass.
God bless you.
RT : Today was just no one's day.
Yeah, it's nice...and I've definitely been spoiled by it. Don't see how i can ever live outside the city again!
Have no fear #Clintonville! We're sending a photographer to shoot the invisible thing shaking the ground. See any damage? Let us know.
#TeamUnchurched all weekend!
Fabulous shopping time :) ready to start training for the Color Run
Join us tomorrow for #MarchMadness! Winning bracket receives two tickets to Opening Day!
cool but im not takin it to school tomorrow cuz i dont wanna lose it again
nuth.n much been grind.n mama hows life on urside
sorry for the slow response! I think we'll have at least a little wiggle room tonight, but either way, hope you'll join us soon!
ULEC Holiday Food Drive for Seniors! We're collecting donations till Dec. 21st! Give us a call at 973-624-9535 for more info.
Lots of fun educational data to play with at data.ed.gov.
#Question Who is your favorite Thunder Player?
Spent all afternoon with my bird Johnny Walker instead of Puchy. Johnny turned out to have more personality lol
finding AWS DynamoDB table querying (and scanning) to be more difficult to grasp than expected; using AWS .NET/C# SDK
that's pretty much the best thing I've heard all day.
I hate when that happens to me. I do have Tebow on my bench so that must be the reason why I won.
#MittRomneyFilms: Mr Smith's Job Goes to China.
Alright there was a groundball the ball hit the lip of the grass and nailed me right in the eye
“: You learn from mistakes.”
someone tell me why I just got into it wit a chick for findin a pic of in my car. that's my sis, how it get in my car tho?
hey sexy
If she still refers to her vagina as her "front bum" #shestooyoungforyoubro!!
I'm just happy to be of help.
We had to pay respect! #RIPMCA RT: : Jammin' to Beastie Boys!!! thanks
#congresslunch why does it cost 2x more for healthcare in US than Canada? Want a bipartisan health bill #isitpossible?
That sounds nice. You'll enjoy them if you do get a chance to see them.
good night :)
Just got Terminator Salvation. I thought it was pretty good. Are they going to make a sequel to this thing. Anyone know.
Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyze the sky And ask myself was I meant to be here...
Indeed I do“: #IfYouKnowMeWell u know i drink a jack and coke...”
Where you going?(:
#smwpolitics: shifting focus on internet from pages and brands to people; . as an example of this trend
LOL... I wondered what that was. Maybe The Hold Steady had been shifted to the basement of bands.
I feel like telling people that no one likes them and to go away, instead I take the more passive agressive route and slowly destroy them :)
Sounds like it was a good chat! Thanks for keeping us filled in via Twitter.
i get 's tweets on my phone because she's halarious and i have a twatter crush on her. yeah i'm a creep. So wut
Until you actually meet Jesus, all you have is an opinion.
share it now :)
Diversity Platinum Members!!! Book your cruise or vacation with The Travel Shop/Cathedral City Ca and get $10 off per night!!!
Happy Presidents day! In honor of Presidents Day get 25% off your entire order just use promo code "PRESIDENT" today only! Pass it on.. :)
wondering if I can order a "cupcake" inspired basket? Might you do another custom chocolate cake life candle? suggest room and tarts?
Dear Back Pain, I'm only 29. Fuck off.
Adoption scam victims tell of loss, heartbreak as two are sentenced - Kansas City Star
dishwasher safe... Other than that, your world!
Some guy named Boy Toy Jesse. Classy.
why cant all of you girls go?
And cash only!
these peeps are almost better than bacon so
Cigars and palm trees.
Current events can help inspire and make research instruction relevant.
Bracing for a week of madness: the Detroit Auto Show, followed immediately by the Consumer Electronics Show.
"You are part of the human heart"
At least he's trying harder than he was vs PAC.
I'm guessing the last after that slide.
So, now that Christmas break is almost over, I'm ready for Spring break. Hahaa.
I love both Betty and Lane and hate Megan. Don is faithful sure but just as alienated and alone as ever
haha yeah..had to slam on my brakes
I'm on board with the sentiment. Have they ever been "exciting"? Maybe it's the name, or the colors. Or....?
I'm transcribing an interview and I still don't think I sound as Southern as y'all make me out to be
Happy Valentine's Day!
I'm kinda flattered that my agency considers me All-American. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
He was violently killed, in my place. Yet death was not the end, even death could not overpower him. He is risen, & because he is, so am I.
No idea what "black tie" means in Denver.
Working on presentation and paperwork. Arg does it ever end?!?!?
happy birthday to you <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
me too.. hopefully he is out here for graduation
It's 1/2 hr limit in the Children's Room - not 1/2 hr, wander around 5 minutes and then another 1/2 hr. WHEN can I start culling?
Just picked up the latest ...can't wait to sift through this issue about 6 times
And here I thought Lynn Marie Latham was already Lynn Marie Latham gone mad!
Sad to hear that Dick Clark has passed. May he rest in peace!
fab thanks, you might get this bottle of wine yet!
And it's spirit week just kill me now
“Amazing that the human race has taken enough time out from thinking about food or sex to create the arts and sciences.” - Mason Cooley
"irregardless" is another goodie...
nothing.. wishing something.
90 min talk to neurology on apraxia of speech. Feedback: more sound/video examples and less SLP lingo...quite helpful
Great drive, bs penalty, great D. Nice win Brownies.
Thanks for the tweets! Now that I know how to use (most of) the buttons, I'll start promoting myself... gotta build that base...
I toted my little dog zero everywhere no body gave shit
love you too big boy. Let me know about that job down here!
"one of the most loving things you can ever do for you child....Is WAIT to have them."
I totally loved getting spit on by fat bitches at this A Day to Remember show, fuck that.
"You will never change your life until you change something you do daily.” ~Mike Murdock
Haha...having trouble sleeping? Sorry ):
Celtics are up by 30, why are Rondo & Garnett still in? Can you say injuries??
Gettin' gas. Ain't nobody got time or money for dat!
You know you have great friends, when they come and bring soup for you!!! :) :)
you're a day late.
We're all in this together <U+E32A>
": If you eat pussy or suck dick thats cool cause its only oral sex so its natural"eat pucci all day
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT ARTISTS!
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
Get drunk and do whatever you want. Except be an athlete. Oh wait.
computing as a service
forget #ff i saw woof to my new people friends!
Who saw this coming?? #49ers!
just remember.."whatever happens in Vegas..." haha.. have a good time ;)
Just chillen at Figo, waiting for the gf to get her hair did
It sounds like they pulled a #scam on you. Thats #fucked up. #Shout out to you sexy!!!
there are a lot of retinal holes in the library today.
They'll be issued via a dual rookie redemption program in those three products.
Shamefaced that I failed to note the excellence of all the others mentioned in your #FF. Thank you - now following!
Our cereal supply is running low. Please help by donating cereal or hosting a cereal drive! RT and help us feed Portland families!
now will get ripped like john cena and we'll know the world is gonna end lol haha
weight room feels god
We'll be open at noon today for Longhorn Gameday. Hook em!
RT : Pleased to be endorsed by Greater SA Builders Assoc. and Boating...
Haha! : Watching #discovery fly over Capitol with House staff. If your boss is against NASA funding you should have to stay inside.
I am Noie and i am Ems is this is Noie & Ems show !!
Rebel Without A Cause, I try to imitate life
Want to let students print FROM anywhere, TO anywhere on campus & reduce paperwaste up to 80%? Ask us about Pharos MobilePrint 800-583-TRAC
#CloudExpo floor is now open! Stop by the Terracotta booth (#217) to hear more about customers who are using our technology in the
I am, oh 4 years late on this trend, but I just downloaded the Shazam app & I love it.
Don't wait for something big to occurred. Start where you are, with what you have, and that will always lead you into something greater!
It's a bit of a trip but worth it :)
makes the world go round. i always like talking to her
Durant with a manly dunk.
same. Damn you, socializing!
wow. “: There are men in Guam whose full-time job is to travel the countryside and deflower young virgins.”
you're not a 'bad bitch', you just look bad, bitch.
I love with all my heart
It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
yes ! and at the one in New Jersey randomly enough, both were awesome
Check our Saturday training at www.whylightyear.com. We decided to have a WEEKEND Contest! Join the company, and be eligible to WIN $100
absolutely - was a great #itchat today! lots of learnings about #sustainability in business.
We better get pics of this Kogan date.
hahahaha i love it too!!! :)
My TL really cracks me up >:P
My maintenance guy told me I looked fat. "Gordita, I'm sorry but it's true." I guess he's seen me look better, through my blinds.
Ciao Italia! I have been to #Sanremo before,one day i wanna join the San Remo Festival!
Hi, Steve! How's life in Baltimore treating you?
Not feeling so hot. Which sucks cause my birthday is on Saturday. I better not be getting sick.
K.g to high lol
because Blacks and other students of color are likely to be impacted the most
At Capitol wondering, "who is Walker's puppet master?" He's not bright enough to get this kind of publicity on his own.
Gonna sit down and eat my burrito.
Looking at Adam Sandler's recent movies, my guess his he has to be broke
Hunkering down for the storm.
Get off the GD radio and come booze
Booked Thursday night ,and wednesday night. Practice today
GAME ON! volleyball in Dolores Park tonight! 6pm be there
I've said it 1000x before but I'll say it again, I really hate Beverly Hills.
Burning up.\:
Brothers FAX group Yvonne
": REVENGE TONIGHT #finally"
2 ceremonies in one graduation lawdd ,i might as well get comfortable...
Good morning all! It's finally Friday!
It's been a while since I've yelled at the radio but that idiot you just had on really brought it out...
Newt Gingrich is awesome America, he would have my vote
WHATS GOOD WITH YOU LADIES TODAY?
That looks about right...
"love it will make you a man-it will make you a child again".....love that song
eWW dont go say you hadda make up something else and take it during class
well, there are certainly some "Beebe folk" that I wish to cross paths with once again. :)
late to the party, but thank you!! very cool.
I did NOT want to get out of my warm comfy bed this morning!
the one at msoe on March 4
I'll be the guy standing next to
CEO Neil Portnow kicks off 54th @ Grammy Glam kickoff. Fantastic slate of events for 54th Grammy week celebration!!
See you at the #Blackboard client appreciation party. Loews hotel 2nd floor.
I good person to know!
League of Legends: The Harrowing Trailer
<U+2665> Five card poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
true, but it's better than that first LSU-Alabama game which was no offense at all.
Great night on Beale! The Blues World is here for the #BMAs! Awards tonight. Had a great time with at Boogie
Guess you will be getting the Herald coverage as is coming down there
“: Would ya look at that”
Working on it. Lot's of good costumes.
I thought Gryffindor at first too, but upon rewatch, he's definitely a Ravenclaw.
great meeting today at pinkerton. Very effective for #nh #film community
So darling hold me closely tonight
Thanks for the heads up. Not sure what happened there.
825 feet of tunnel = A deluxe commuter bike for ever Seattle adult (475,000 bikes). www.tunnelfacts.com
Lol. Just keep watching
I was a big Beastie Boys fan growing up... RIP Adam Yauch and fuck you very much cancer
Shoot, I entered! Gas is KILLING me (and I don't mean softly!)
I love Top Chef... until someone gets cut and they show it. Why?
New pic published: Portraits of New York 0486
In Kingston. That would be great if you could do it before I leave on June 9th
Happy Friday Huskies! Good Luck on your Finals!
Brees' hairline may be fading, but hot damn his his game is ON! Watch dat ass Pack!!
Matthew Trump~ Diplomacy is the art of knowing what not to say.
Exercise Tip Of The Day (week, month, year, life): EXERCISE! I don't care what you do, but find excuses TO exercise. -Zach Marcy
boat looks sweet! I see Alec is baring some bare leg! So glad you got on the lake.
Tweeps! What are your favorite moments from this season so far!?
Ha all good. I sent the email. Excited for football season!
Ignore the messages sent out by the people who hacked my account. Unless, you know, you want to apply for a job at a Japanese paper company.
Breath awareness/breath control is the most important aspect of improving emotional intelligence.
And also the fact that audiences are diverse
I see Jennifer Lopez got good tips from the good sis Katy Perry on how to secure a #1 spot.
Follow back gurls
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful wife! Thank you for being a godly woman, a Proverbs 31 woman. I love you!
Got a girl named cigar call her that because she Cuban
It's my birthday! Show me love!!
Wishing good luck today!!!
On the train enroute to the Clinton Global Initative in NY. I love the train gives you time to think. Think? Really? Try it
#TrumpDayHumpDay #FunFact Did you know Donald and I have the same hairpiece? The difference is that I use mine to clean golf balls
There was Shem, Ham & Japheth. There are Caucusoid, Africanoid & Mongoloid. if UR Black, how can U say UR not African?
Had a great day at work. Seems like every child made great strides today.Even my reading intervention groups were clinging to my every word.
Totally agree. RT what?!?! funny thing is, I'm more bothered by other adults on planes than by kids.
Tara's toes and nails >>
but your still gonna like justin right?
we are so not like those other girls lol! especially not the "fake-baked drama queens"
Today's starting to kinda suck<U+E421>
thank you :)
Oh Twitter, thou simplest and most sincere of social networks, I give thee praise.
Says Music Business is '90 Percent Business, 10 Percent Talent' & Lindsay Lohan is Suing again,Saying He won't Stop harassing me
VIDEO: Son of Jim Bakker Enters NC Gay Marriage Fight
#FIFA #WorldCup WEDNESDAY: 07:00 AM USA VS ALGERIA ENGLAND VS SLOVENIA
Huge win for Nico!
Skipped the party. Got interviews @ work in the am.
“Never allow a person to tell you no, who doesn't have the power to say yes.”
thanks for the RT. it really is my friend <3
And we will catchup with , who helped captain the USNTDP U17s to gold in Russia.
Taking a much needed break!!
We have the new iPad in stock in both Millersville and Lanham. Call to reserve yours! 1-866-MAC-MEDICS
Follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back ;)
what an awesome view!
In its latest edition, the Chronicle of Higher Education listed PCC as the 19th largest community college in the nation.
Like I said, do stuff you're proud of and not feel pressured by us. By the way, stop coughing! You need to feel better! :P
Bob makes good point about landmarking as a misused/overused tool. Lawyer suggests it's used as a runaround for zoning law.
you should have!!!!!
Why Aren't You Living In San Francisco, If Your Bio Says You're Living In SWAG CITY?(;
get them often or something?
hello hope not annoy. please read my message and I say follow me I know I'm one more but I need to tell you something.
Back in Plymouth.
Building lending confidence at Urban Partnership Bank - Crain's Chicago Business Job: Chief credit officer at Chicago-based Urban Partner
:D My name is Joey Raschke!
I don't like bloodclaat fake bitches yo , yal don't talk to me or look my way please
Getting offline to play Roller Coaster Tycoon 2. (:
truth hurts. So does my butt depends on the tp I use..
Love is being stupid together.
when u RTed im single and ready to mingle i thought they broke up and i went crazzyy false alarmm lmfaoo
The junkie tenant that I've evicted was shooting up in front of my house. It's either get the police on her or get REALLY foul w/her.
Just finished up some good workouts now work than training and more gym time!
Everyone should have a little more #305 and #Ocho in their life! ;) RT!
such a great song and video!
Come speak at our community event on li good promo !
im following now since i joined the site
'Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.' --Samuel Johnson, 1709-1784, Author
Stop slurping your fucking drink. Stop talking loudly on your phone. >.<
YES! - Interest rates have dropped crazy low! Saving people hundreds per month on their mortgage. Before you submit applications or have...
Right on! : A little dream has just come true. I've just joined the iEARN Australia management team! Very excited!
and understanding what styles/fashions work BEST for her....ain nothing bout her trendy, and i luv it.she is original TRACI
Pernod Ricard USA is set to extend its Hiram Walker line with the launch of Watermelon Sour
RT : He sure did!! : Simon ROCKED #WFFConf12”
she live in Seattle. I live in University Place. I probably won't see her until my/my cousins birthday which is the 1st :/
So just a girlfriend, not a wife? Shut down the FB page, wow, I hope it's worth it. LOL
'you' know it works, the folks that already know how to use #ODBC and all this other tools don't even make the #LinkedData connection
hahaha I dont think we will last long!
blazing saddle burger was good, diced jalepenos, nice touch. fries were a bit salty. homemade ketchup was excellent.
Happy 11th to my wonderful hubby My auto fill wanted to add as my hubby but I picked you instead. I love ya babe!
Talking economics in this segment. How does the economy look in your world? Call in: 317-736-0950 or
Yes I am!
raining and i'm getting loopy at altitude. i should quit trying to watch the shack tour tracker while driving. (typed safely at red light.)
BCJO tonight! See you there.
kids are fat bc parents are fat or just lazy... Take it from the fat kid.
Today in Blues History: Johnnie Taylor’s “Who’s Making Love?” reached number one on the R&B charts on November 23, 1968
Garbage Day! Almost forgot. Amazing in that putting out the trash is probably the most important thing I'll do all week
I am trying to follow the Union vs Foothill Football Game
hope to have you on board soon james
Oh, I should have invited you over! Next time we do this I'll invite you!
Man wanted to know if he can return books from other branches here. I said we're a family of libraries. Is that cheesy?
I just completed a 0.00 mi workout with a 00:00 min/mile pace using Check out my route!
The NFL Draft will never end.
I demanded name of radiologist who read my xray, NO ONE could tell me, patient advocate told me go upstairs to biz office & request record!
How come boys ALWAYS leave messes in the kitchen????!!!! Seriously!
and the hunger games DVD comes out on mine!!
searching for an ACCOUNTING MANAGER candidate in TAMPA; recent Oracle exp required. Send resume to
hey handsome ;)
Another day another dollar
Thank you so much Larry!
So our #goodnite thought shall be except your freakyness and your weirdness it's what makes you you,this thought is inspired by
beautiful girls... all over the world... i could be chasing... but time would be wasting... they got nothing on you baby
How about How and Why the greater society views Trans the way they do. Who actually transitions here?
Good, how're you Rach? Sorry I've been missing #MTOS lately :(
Got my ears and cartilidge peirced( exuse the spelling) and always I love you. I miss you baby I hope you like my ears.
Stay in the net Bryz.
Jenna Marbles is HILARIOUS. And, yes; it is. <U+274C>
is one super funny dude. Awesome performance in SF tonight.
Plan A) go to Zammuto show. Plan B) go to Plan C) work on my grammar.
Don't touch my phone.
Everyone go buy 's new single 11:11!!!! Please request it to all radio stations!!!
Bout that time again! Breakfast Children's Hospital :)
Is anyone else feeling very cold today? This weather is killin' me! I am frozen.
I DON'T KNOW HOW TO USE HALLO. I TRY TO SEND A MESSAGE AND IT DOES SOME REQUEST THING. OMG.
now i feel all bad and shit for fucking up her name
And the tweeting begins..
Reading outside with the dogs and am oatmeal stout.
having so many dining dollars left that the food staff offers to let you buy cases of pop and you STILL have money left over.
I hate those kid that are like yeah I'm going for the emo image then when someone calls them emo they get mad.... (Rachel)
How come SCE does not take VISA. #wackedelecticco#
haha well I think you are :)
Looking forward to good weather... I need to take some pictures to release my creativity.
Never change because someone asked you to change, but change because he convinced you to change.
I want Don's tie
You know I'm the man I'm here with my fam and we here to jam
I'm definitely craving some McDonald's breakfast right now... #hashbrownsandafrappeplease :D
Omg thank yhu for following me !
Lets just talk here..
haha my lifestyle isn't a choice
Please do listen and let me know your thoughts. Also, pls follow me to find out about more shows! I'd love to perform in NC btw.
Mohawks are so rarely planned. I expect to "just got a mohawk," much more often that "getting one tomorrow."
We are now featuring half priced bottles of wine under $100 every Thursday and Sunday. Time to double up on your #GirlsNightOut plans!
#dreamgirls...BEST movie ! It makes me cry !
Arkansas got what it deserved for hiring Petrino in the first place.
Hi , we're trying to get in Students for Free to the during School Pride day, can you help us spread the word!
Thanks for the follow Ben!
I would give them a call - (512) 947-7433
hahahah he looking... I won't even get into it lol.
HAHAHA. I figured YOU HATED Basketball. AND ZP IS AN IDIOT FOR BETTING
"A leader is a dealer in hope."-Napoleon Bonaparte
Today Thursday Jan 19th is Allgood Spirit night from 5-8. Come show your support for Allgood.
Thurs night, you and the cast were remarkable. I've worked on broadway for over 15 years and this show IS SO OUTSTANDING.
I cant answer your dm because you're not following me
Alright, Saturday, you and I both know that this reality isn't going to metaphysically buttfuck itself!
A9: tequila and corona
We're a little late because of the golf, but 10TV News starts now!
They got a Kobe, we have a DURANT
As the a female-bodied person, I don't see how anyone could imagine that this arrangement could have arisen from "intelligent design."
I'm happy for Lil Boosie in terms of justice being served.. But his music needs to stay in jail
You change you. Or I'll change me.
I wish I could be there, but one week from now and I will be getting into our cap and gown prepping to graduate!
There is some loud baby mama drama going down in my street right now. Cool it down, new edition.
its firday??? its berly thursday here
Presidential traffic tomorrow! Get in, audition, get out! :)
The ads on #MTV suggest to me that the average MTV viewer has horrible acne.
I dont know i dont think there is a name for it RT What are greyson's fan called??
More people than you think. lol
yep I'm union
A great work of lit art, music, philosophy is always the product of a whole person. In every person is both male & female. -Meret Oppenheim
I want a Facebook so bad but my mom said no. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I can't fucking wait until the x factor. Like demi is going to be a judge. Omfg.
Beautiful day in the city! Any of our friends running the Boston Marathon today?
What do you think of the new single "Dance Again" - we're playing every hour today! Tune in!
thank you so much! <3
DADS if you have a standard court order in the state of TEXAS this SPRING BREAK belongs to you! ENJOY YOUR TIME WITH THE KIDS!
I have a loquat tree but no fruit yet. LY was 1st year it bloomed/fruited but only got 4 loquats. How do u cook w/ them?
#realtalk. omg, it hurts like a bitch. xD
Looking back at old.messages and thinking " Man , have I really changed."
Fellas #NeverTellAGirl her #twat stinks... Just let her know that you recently took a vow of
Hey FOX maybe the spartans are winning the # 'competition' because #badger fans are actually watching the game!
lol.. wait, who are you? And I have talked to in the past, but what does he got going on now?
Just saw a plug for Nirvana's 20th anniversary of "Nevermind" box set - looks sweet!!! Makes me feel old balls though...
Third Wave to Move Headquarters, Productivity Center
I'm in heaven. Jazz practice group on Sunday the best! Jerry Gebbe on stand up bass, Leah Garnett and Mark Wallace on guitar, Moi on drums.
s/o to i hope you had an awesome day at work girl i miss you!!!! :') we needa catch up! love ya!
may your administration never end.
Sometimes, good men do bad things. Just as bad men can do good. Tell me which way you like
Thanks Leana! I hope to have the novel finished one of these days. :)
Bend but don't break defense is starting to crack.
Pokerstars pros out in full force today in 8 game mix, now playing with nachobarebero
The ladies had fun with their kiddy pool. Nobody show them all the pictures from Spinnakers last night. The pool is a poor substitute.
Well I guess ain't nothing wrong with his lungs.
pete,. never happened. all austin male musicians looked like that (or tried to). hope you're doing well.
Looking forward to new opportunities in the future is all I got
ME TOO~! Well, except for the video games part. ;P
Lakers lead Nuggets 69-68 at the end of the 3rd Quarter.
Pleasure and fun are the secret to a gratified life.
Im done point period blank , im getting the fuck up out of cobb county .
Yah and copy me! Thats cool! #gawddamnitdonny RT : First interview tomorrow. If I get that job daddy's getting a black duramax
Don't feel very well -_- think I'm gonna go have a Cold shower to wake me up! <3
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you selling white selling mid at the same damn time....
Have a safe and happy Memorial Day weekend everyone!
I have a lot of stuff to do today... But today is saturday therefore I shall do none it!
Nothing I love more than seeing two AMAZING people in love. Share it.
I miss family gatherings during the holidays. Childhood memories. <3
i told myself to sleep before it strucks midnight. it's way past midnight now. tired from a long day at school. Gotta rest now :/
Blown call leads to a huge inning. Nice going ump!
Haha seriously!!! Cant wait to get the umbrella out this summer! ;)
Lebron James should ask Rogaine if he can be their spokesperson so he can get some free product for that hairline
got home from work, going to the gym, PARTY.
with you?
This is why I became a journalist.
16 hour work day tomorrow ..cant wait.
lol Arww <3 stare at pics of carlos and james then decide which one u like that's what I would do haha :P xx <U+2665>
must be free thug cardz w/license renewals at tha DMV cuz hoes are actin real unfamiliar. Like they cant get beat up & stomped da fuck out
FF inspirational, talented actors
Dat moment wen u pour a Manzanita SoL into a gLass and it reminds u of a beer but it really ain't FML
How the fuck is a lawn mower $968?? Like WTF!!
On live with WJR, is chatting now with Frank Beckmann.
New Single "Do You Remember" Being Remastered! For JRIMES album!! Label Interest welcome at this stage!!!
just threw up in my mouth
On the way to a gig in Ohio listening to Ralph Bowen's 'Dedicated' album. Killer!!!
I would go to the movie. This Heat/Knicks game is pretty uneventful IMO.
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all my family and friends! xoxo
OK, I have my ticket for the express, on with the show.
I voted today... did you? Vote NO on Issue 2"
I love my life & the people in it.
and Memory Foam stock plummeted.
It was the lowest turnout for a presidential primary in the past 70 years in Illinois.
Moving hso.info to rackspace cloud. Server setup, cleaning repositories for vivisimo repositories for a clean move.
RT RT : "Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong." - Peter T. McIntyre
#TheThingIHateMost Drunk Texting, my phone has to b taken away from me after 5 drinks
last night was pretty stunning g. Maybe we'll have duplicate viewing conditions tonight
Happy 17th Birthday!
Its been an impossible task to get out of bed today
hey babe:) I notice you've been creepin on my twitter hahaha I'm glad you finally got one! love and miss you.
BRUTE FORCE!
Protip: Focus your product. It can't be all things to all people.
Can't find the cataloging information in Library World? TO WORLDCAT!
In other news, how are you??
so r u gay
Next time then!
My ex wanna work it out , bitch try yoga .
no doubt he's off to a slow start but so is the whole team....I think I agree with DD they should hear up with the weather....
she must have left it off for the interview.
's voice.<3
Sorry I haven't been on here for awhile. My computer died and I couldn't afford a new one. I miss ya'll so much!
RT : You guys. Fringe. It's 2 months away. WHEE!
Tell me I need to write.
Celebrating our wonderful receptionist Eliza Fox's birthday. Maestro Luisotti just gave her a private rendition of "Happy Bday!"
We love the crowds at Monks. Please respect the bar!
lolol i love it here! Everyday rain or shine everyone swims hhah :P
WELL THAT SUCKS I WAS JUST STARING AT TREES ALDAY
Gonna watch Westside Story in bed with a cup of earl gray!
RT Use Web influencers 2 help w/ distribution. Reach your target audiences. Find max effect.
yes he is jajajaj. Love his movies :)
These m'fckas kissing,were precious at /:
I keep seeing the same retarded statuses facebook. Not even funny anymore.
hahaha, i'm willing to share my toys, i was just talking about sharing my toys with more people!!
I think the potato must be the forgotten superfood! <3 #organics!
RT : "If the US performed as poorly in the Olympics as they do in Education, heads would roll."
The idea of a "natural froth" weirds me out immensely.
time to join over-achievers anonymous.
Still waiting to hear back from after three inquiries in a week. Anyone home?
just wanted to tell my bestie i love you and my babies... Thank u for being there for me...
Kevin Na had made 1,069 of 1,069 3-foot-putts between 2010 - now. Missed two today in 18 holes at The Players Championship.
sel i love your background!!!!! please txt me back!
wow! We can't wait to check it out. Follow this blogger!
hahahaha! You actually did it .. & is that my earring ??
Got that right
thanks for RTing hope you had a good Father's day honey goodnight & sweet dreams
yea are u In LA?
WHERE WERE YOU when the sky crashed down, THE DAY THE WORLD STOOD STILL?
Does anyone know where I can get one of those horn helmets?
Love them! That dog is to much! xo
Yes! And served on a chocolate dipped chicharron for a cone.
Conscious breathing actually reduces the influence of emotions on your thought process.
follow my boy He makes look like a back up dancer
Are you part of the 50% of Americans who own a smartphone?
what do u do on cam? I think u are.gorgeous!!!
In the Gringo Test Kitchen today: Catalina's Colombian Potato Salad!
I have so many qs to ask you about your life pls tweet me :)
my last iPhone got ran over :'( how'd yours break? And oh we'll it's cause you have AT&T silly ;)
is a social enterprise startup helping youth/adult entrepreneurs & educators start businesses:...
I just tuned in. It's so brave of the Academy to let a burn victim be the host.
Wifely duties done. Now anxiously waiting on my hubbs, Miss my boo.
Sometimes there is no way around it. You just have to break out the scare quotes.
Agreed, but it's no panacea. RT: "Without #education, there is no #sustainabledevelopment". Elizabeth Fordham, of
i cannot wait for the return of this friday!!!! <3
RT P R A Y E R! Prayer succeeds when all else fails.
Come in and enjoy the taste of paradise todays special rum cake and ice cream and whitining.
This week only! 75% off any event in January or February when you book this week!!!
Come on Cano
think of them as little tiny green flags that say "We love deer!" Unobtrusive yet present.
Don't get caught this summer without a dj. Free estimates
straight guys? No...cant speak for those of the other ilk...
Wow itz raining rite now? and do u still like where u live even though u dont like rain or clouds
I'm fed up with school
. True, if he wins the #Masters #Tiger would at least get back to being considered by some brands.
Miami next week tho clear water and bikinis
I think i might've pushed myself a little too far this weekend. I'm definitely feeling the affects now...
I have one of these in my fridge!! lol
Will do – thank you both!
me and my cousin in my icon :)
A TEX MESSAGE BY GIVES THE YANKEES A 7-5 LEAD OVER BALTIMORE
increase followers and explain you'r mind..
aw thanks!! I love the way they look!! I'm happy you liked then!!
Go away retard...The short bus is honking for you.
50% of Americans are single and 50% of marriages end in divorce...I wonder which half is the crazy half??
so when are you coming in for some scrumptious brunch?? ;)
My talents include procrastinating, complaining, and sleeping.
#oomf need to DM right now !
the testing procedure was flawed. Braun had passed several tests & the 1 he doesn't was in some dude's apt for days? C'mon
#AMINOR Setback only prepares YOU for a MAJOR Comeback!!!
Right, thanks! I am pro-this.
#fridayreads The Magician King by . It's one of the few sequels that is perhaps better than the original, which was enchanting too!
I've made many mistakes in my life but nothings compares to this
The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness. ~ Eric Hoffer
is making my lingering hangover all better. Thanks, Dudes!
Really. I know of car trade-ins, but never of house trade-ins. :-) Good deal. Prolly won't give you top $... er. £ for it
love but it's totally a luxury item, for maximum productivity I need a laptop, but it's clutch when I'm on the go.
Super contento! =-D
where did ya get that?!?!
It's San Diego night at Taproom No. 307!
Bout time!RT : You heard correctly! The Nashville Network will return to television in late summer 2012.
Confused by the concept of #virtualization? Register for our complimentary handbook on Virtualization for Government....
where did your last name come from? Are we related?
Not for a long time. Don't do it though! Chew gum.
RT : Telekom Austria only MNO out of 60 to get highest ranking for our Smart Plan Q1 assessment. Congrats to A1, in...
On set in Santa Clarita in the rain for the last shoot day of "Tryouts!"
What up man?
WE'RE CALLING ALL COLLEGES/HIGHSCHOOLS TO ATTEND THE RALLY TOMORROW!
"Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless"
RT #Capricorn's are the rulers of sarcasm.
I nvr called him and not tryin to be a bitch and all but all of this shit is ur fuckin fault good job AGIAN u always
Single-handedly staging a Trash Cab boycott Who's with me!?
OMG!! YES!! I FINALLY DELETED ALL OF MY DM'S OMGG PHEW HAHA
ocho! big fan! holla @ ya boy! you tweetin to all these ladies! i was @ david's cafe couple wks ago and was feellin ochoed out!
Why do we worry so much when there’s so much less to be worried about? Social historian Peter Stearns at 1 pm
I sure do feel a shitload more attractive at Walmart than I do at the gym. But, sometimes, I like to give the truth an extreme makeover
So, tomorrow I'm going to bring strawberries and cream, strawberry rhubarb, apple, and apple dulce de leche. I think.
Yea Thanks 4 The FeedBack! I Need All I Can Get.
aww man wish I could send u one :'(
your very welcome!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 17
yea I guess 27 rings does make us look pretty ;)
actually does.
of course! thanks for following :)
What's a Tim Duncan?
#artsummit references to MLK and Gandhi all week, still inspiring.
Mixing Italian and US Southern cuisine tonight: pulled pork with milk, rosemary, sage on rosemary buns. It can either go well or very wrong
AND BROWN! “: 1st of many for sure. Having dinner with the Andrew/Green crew #HelloBrooklyn”
Donate your #emptyinkcartidges to BASE Camp!
LOL what year lol RT : RT when did you go to FAMU bro? <- Whenever it was time to Party lol
i'll drop it off next time i'm near your house
Thor needs a better hammer the Hulks tooth chipped it.
RT : "Beer. Now cheaper than gas." -Anonymous
lol! I'm still laughing in tears.
So, its two days before Christmas... I'm more upset that I have piles of clothes EVERYWHERE and no time to do anything about it.
quit cryin. I was at my birthday dinner
I don't have your number anymore!
I used my pizza cutter from #ARMA11 last night - works great!!!! Can't wait until #ARMA12 in Chicago next year!
Gung Hay Fat Choy! Did your know our interactive touchscreen system is multilingual? Communication is at the heart of sales and marketing!
So excited for #Christmas!! Doing the last of my shopping tomorrow morning! I'm hoping the crowds won't be too terrible, wish me luck!
I like the College Football Live Roundtable format, except for the fact there are no actual journalists involved.
let's be friends so we can make out, you're so hot, let me show you around <U+266B>
we have the same kind of background. we are working class people who are being shut out. someone has to stand up for us.
Just scrap!
This rain tho....
u stoped following me?
:) thanks for the RT!
The ability to think beyond one's circumstances is a gift. Use it
if she's hot, I wouldn't complain about that.
The tapestry would look nice in your living room
Ha! Not even close...lol.
just followed ya. follow me back ? :) oh hope u get 2.2K !
Babysitting my little niece -.-
Why am I always late for dance <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
“: #iDislikeItWhen people take so long to reply back to my text. R-T if you're a fast texter!”
You know what's a gross word? Sprout.
so you say
Why would I sign up for satellite radio when I didn't ever listen to satellite radio when I was getting it for free?
Tornadoes & hail in LA! Craziness. Time for some wine, Community & 30 Rock... assuming we don't lose power again. Fingers crossed
Hayley! Would u be interested in doing an interview for a student/HUGE fan? It's for my journalism class! Even thru email!:)
Tomorrow my blackberry will be in the trash #overit #stoprebooting<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
jelly; that dress is BEAUTIFUL!! :) I love it!!
I know lol but I have a sun burn:(
Sure is! And sure is! Lots of surprising names are buried at Green Mount
oh but from the bits and pieces i've seen, i've decided Avatar makes me uncomfortable.
haha. Dont say that! Or you will. Haha. I always think that but sometimes I do better, sometimes...hahaha.
If you want to fly you gotta give up the shit that weighs you down
Wednesday, Feb. 29 100pm Germany vs France 130pm Switzerland vs Argentina 200pm England vs Netherlands
Right back to you :)
First girl to roll me one, you don't even have to smoke . #I'llwifeYou
I love the smell of rain.
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge. ~ Kahlil Gibran
how is so adorable! He is my secret boyfriend! (;
Just got the most exciting, unexpected phone call ever!
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
This afternoon's matinee was brought to you courtesy of Monster Energy Drinks! 3 more shows to go, then NYC bound!
I just turned 50 & "I ain't DEAD yet". I guess, whenever I hit the grave.
In Vancouver this morning - very chilly! But nothing like yesterday. No rain, no snow. thank you weather gods!
I'm pretty sure you answered your own question there: "POS".
he's mine too.
« « Lakers Will Make A Come Back.!»»
How are ya?[:
Does sarcasm work in Twitter- Sure, let the auto companies fail. Jobs are always available in fast food. Who needs engineers?
hahahahahaha omg, I hate the way I cough hahahaha
"It's ok. We know. She's just nervous and feels bad for asking...bridezilla. Lol. I didnt say that FYI. I'm deleting this message. "
haha he got really lucky this time lol
Glad it's finally #April <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
what kind? better be for me ;)
LOL...hey hun I've been just grinding..where we going tonight??
thanks for checking out for sharing business expertise!
RT for the BIGGEST SHOUTOUT ever in history. (Must be following me).
Should I just tweet or send to your inbox?
It's nice to be back online! Internet was off at our house since Saturday morning. It was simultaneously a productivity enhancer and killer.
Alright then
it's only April, but that's going to be tough to beat for Twitter experience of the year.
how do u doo those things
did u check her diaper?
Walker with made-up job numbers is a sign that Kathy Nickolaus landed on her feet.
Three hours till class starts :D
#robin Roberts booty is out there
The Fates are playing very soon! Get to Marran now!!
Congrats 2 our winners from the 2nd Early Bird drawing 4 the #DreamHouseRaffle! Big thx 2 all who've supported the House & Raffle thus far!
I planned on watching that. Not so sure now. Need to run some errands.
Damn It Martin ^.^
Happy 138th birthday to one of my favorite authors - William Somerset Maugham
very fun working with on mobile design - it'll be fun to get folks playing it soon
Off to Whistler for the weekend!!! Finally, some skiing!!! :-)
You may want to remove the battery and sim/memory card and submerge the rest in alcohol, then do the rice. No guarantees GL.
Ah, what a Mother's Day. Husband: " Mother's Day means Poop Day for the dads. Pick up dog poop. Baby poop." So I changed the next diaper.
CH caused retaliation...like I said, brushback gets brushback...hit gets hit. Not retaliate after hitting franchise player?
agree 100%, he should be gone next week though.
Every time I see/talk to you I get the biggest smile on my face(:
Ride it out, #JimTressel. Ride it out.
All the best with everything. Sorry to hear.
Don't wake up at seventy years old sighing over what you should have tried. Just do it, be willing to fail, and at least you gave it a shot
my fave was justin bieber yelling "thats my boy!" after CB's performance
RT ! ": I can always forgive, but I never forget."
yeah that wasnt enough.... A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
good! I read your I hate books tweet right after I finished book proposal :)
Sometimes you must hide in the fire to avoid the
Shoutout to my new followers: THANK YALL!!!
I see wit a table full of beautiful ladies
To be all ur baby
where is this happening?
seriously! understatement of the year.
Most Americans can't handle accents over our vowels. I'm amazed anyone pronounces naïve right
i tend to dig into issues, such as this one. i wouldnt advise general fix unless i knew it would work. i'd be happy (cont)
follow me now & ill follow you.
I'm at my breaking point. I just can't handle these stupid motherfucking Portland people any longer.
say "hi" to the boys for me :-)
Congratulations Mark Geary. Hope you've enjoyed your year in Greensboro
beta cells
Sherlock. So good.
About to spend the evening with some awesome girls tonight...pizza and games...and a lot of laughter!
The book The Way of The Turtle is a great book about trading
lol, it's funny watchin a nigga who doesn't know what he's doing (me) trying to work this. What's new?
call me lets find out whats been done, I bet the basic stuff was not even done, 623-255-4088 ext 1 ask for the owner Dean
nothing worse than wonky
Does anybody know if there's going to be a Gilt Groupe deal on leather boots? Asking for a friend.
No... you are amazing!
RIP Donna Summer
Feeling anxious now, as it's less than 20 days until "cAsE sEnSiTiVe" enters 6 categories in the 2012 Grammies. Haha... :-)
tanning and hanging with friends later. woo i <3 summerr.!
lmao omg tell him i said goodnight too
where's the reptile going to go ? I'll keep him :-)
Gonna up tonight studying because im not going out tonight
D'Anthony childish as fck , lol .
luv Adam & Cee lo but now full of BS on couch w/ glass of wine crying at genuine talent/emotions and connection
where were you during Tebow time last week? Oh, that's right. Hiding.
There's a tiny sleeping tiger on the metro with me- is it bad that I'm thinking of the song from Hangover?
Thank you! Definitely overly-exciting, but I can't wait!
#808Pride u no that can use somebody:(
Happy Pi Day!! And as we know Einstein's Birthday too!
AYE TAY .. i NEED TO SET UP A CRUISE LIKE YALL WENT ON CAN I GET RECOMMENDATION PLEASE
Home for the day. Made it in time for breakfast!
Thank You for the shout out and for all you continue to do!!
#IForgiveYou for assuming vampires are emotional... I'm not emotional... I just really enjoy the killers.
RT : Don't worry about what u missed, focus on what you can do now
Great Tigers game to see live including Fielders first homerun as a Tiger
RT : do you love it ...my stroller was a god send
like what? :)
is right. Social media should be everyone's job. Everyone on staff. Everyone can bring something to the table
Happy to announce as a sponsor for Secret Style Suite & Swanky After Hours! #BlogHer11 Woot!
Will be sure to check it out!
wow, I meant "your," I swear I'm good at English.
Women that say they "Single by Choice" are Women that know they aint got shit to offer a Man!
Going through the endless App submission process, try to get my Apps out to the masses! Have a good one! DonnO
I was just about to tweet those lyrics.
I DON'T blame you I feel the same way about mostly ALL of them!
Fuck, McDonalds makes some good ass double cheeseburgers.
I hope that you don't have to spend time yelling at children for many reasons, then.
"is" a nice tall Morgan
It's Christmas Eve, it's Christmas Eve, and my dad is annoying me!!
The final spot was dope, loved the wall paper, and the shoe wall was ill.
well Im laughin
how did you do on the test
Again..doctor office waiting rooms are the worst. I don't know if it's the wait or the badly patterned office decor with outdated magazines.
Hey O's fans, just to let you know I threw a perfect game against you in MLB 2K12 today with Jered Weaver.
where is your dad
It's game time!
yeah that's what he used to do when living at the skyline house with a yard.. Prob will try to get a yard in the next place I live.
& What an amazing event it was, w/ wildly appreciative readers inc Hungarian Survivors. Thank you Julie Orringer!
There is a very easy way to return from a casino with a small fortune: go there with a large one
go away
we'll raise our lattes to you!
Time for bed gotta get up early and go to my daughter thanksgiving party at school GN!!!
Man tihs is a good game #ncaa kansas & NC!!!
I HATE THAT FEELING STORY OF MY LIFE
I love that place. Now I'm going to have to go there this weekend. Its a nice bike ride over.
I entered the giveaway for EDC tickets. :)
I would've better of doing today without saying out ugh mommy now I have to wait
I don't like the search function in Vista. It is very fast but there should be a drop down option for files only.
I dnt wanna brag, but i'll be, the best yu eva had
I am not, no. Do you enjoy it?
Surreal! RT : Yes!!! I think I had a dream about that! Circle? Complete. RT : HA!! ( )
hello world of country
. You are well on your way toward a pHd in party dynamics.
Any tips for long-term cat-sitting? If I go overseas for 1-9 mos & can't bring her, what's best? Kennel? Trustworthy foster home?
"I'm not like most women." - Most women
Still dreaming about the pan-seared walleye + lentils + bok choy + chili miso special that I had at Friday night.
The awkward moment you you realize your just like your mom :/
Shoes or a MK watch for my dad on Father's day?
Hearing what has to say about his time on the ISS is incredible. I can't imagine what that was all like.
New Arrivals www.justmeboutique.com Fun Funky Dope Items
Nah I will Friday though
Thank the !
I Cried When: I listen to moments and more than this.
After <4hrs of sleep, I find myself irrationally enraged w. a songbird outside my window. I feel like the ugly stepsister in a Disney movie.
Follow she got the best weave in Chicago on sale!
Hi! We're at 7603 N. Union Blvd, in the shopping center with Gold's Gym. We'd love to chat with you more about resizing needs!
no problem! Let us know if you need anything else. Have a great weekend and best of luck the rest of the semester.
home sweet home
developing a typology of obfuscation
We are easily taking more people on #roaddron to Chi than were in the Cauldron 2 years ago.
Ha, thanks Carie...it's all natural talent!
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks. ~Sidney Lanier
Hi Bes, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
On set with doing video with the awesome staff of Evergreen Heating & AC.
You are such a kid at heart and thats awesome! I love the pic!
Feel like should be heading to airport 5.30 alarm! Driving to client meeting hamptons. Shame not hot enough to take a dip in pool.
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Tuesday, May 15, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
GM fb family and friends...Let the temperature drop.....not your faith!
Went to a first rehearsal today for The Music Man. It is going to be spectacular. Can't wait until opening night!!!
currently in the hospital ... ive come to the conclusion that green is definitely not my color ...
Vain morons. Glad kid got the ball in the end.
I would do so much better in academia if I care about publishing in academic journals even one little bit
Lol its cool. I love dis song. Ima fuck around hop on dis beat next time I go to the studio.
lol. Just yell "fire" really loud and follow it up with "just kidding...but while your up..."
Rain or shine we'll be celebrating kids and #gardening tmrw at Girard 10am w , , & NGA!
Thanks! I can't tell you how weird it feels to see my tiny hometown splashed all over the news...
are u ok?
"Mechanically Separated Chicken." Chicken wouldn't been just fine, thx.
Dance competition season is here! Reply to this tweet if you've got dancers competing soon!
Dear Walmart, You need more than 3 checkout lines open during the day. Thanks for your time.
will be a featured panelist at GuyRilla Marketing Group's "BroCon" networking event, to be held at Manhattan’s R Bar on Tuesday, February 1…
Uh yeah :p
Arrived in Chicago at the same time my flight for Nashville departed. Awesome.
I'm the guy who will wait in the car until the song is over
thanks for the mention!
Don't feel like going to this meeting ugh
I'm in love with all my Followers ... #FF to all <3 thanks for your support .. your are my Family .. Amos a todos mis seguidores
You're giving me an idea for a new platform for informal education.
Valencia test.
talk at #drupalcon - It' all about real time data
got it. Good ideas. I'll review this week
I'm more accurate with my pump action pellet gun
Ya I see him as a flex player who you can grab during the later rounds...he can contribute to your team and wont cost much
Good morning. How u feeling today?
“: #IfWomenDidNotExist Twilight wouldn't have done nearly as well at the box office.” disagree. I would've seen em all.
It was a perfect night for a bike ride, even better that I came home with a bug in my teeth.
Your tweets make me smile! :)<3
MESSAGE ME TO GET IN MY CABANA AT THE PLAYBOY MANSION THAT COST ME $16K FOR FRIDAY AND SAT. DRESS TO IMPRESS I'LL HAVE DAM NEAR NOTHING ON
have joined the adult world and bought a sweet watch. Happy early Birthday to me!
; Touché. However, Sara is much better. :)
ugh I just LOVE HIM!!!! #voted for you every episode like 9,000000 times!
And now for something completely different...
lemme hear something
Well I don't think either team is nearly good enough to win the super bowl, even with peyton.
Tim McCarver said HR's now go farther because the air is thinner. I'm back to a focus on juiced baseballs as my conspiracy theory of choice.
hi crazy
I love the falafel at Aladdin at the Public Market. Casablanca's is also very good.
Is it Toney Douglas time?
": "Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same" " This was amazing, I love you Steph
#MarathonMonday is a yearly reminder of how out of shape I am...Cheers to all the runners!
Enjoy! :) www.nkairplayradio.com
I want a piece of that ass
I dream of doing a scene with me involving scissors and a barber's chair.
I still can't believe you're 2 years younger than me ;P
don't even start Cookie!!!
What happened to Andre?
The team that knocks the Packers out of the playoffs better be the Superbowl Champions. For one day only, go Giants!
nothing more sad in this world than people who make fun of other sports teams. Just so damn sad.
Driving past The 'Shoe on my way to work always makes me smile :)
Found a treasure and brought it to the office.
I keep seeing you guys at Warped Tour and then never actually seeing you play! haha hopefully you'll come hang soon! <3
Love it! I should be the star of my family's Christmas card next year.
serious question?
I love how I manage to smile even though I wanna cry so bad :( these feelings hurt. sharper than a knife
Had a fun shoot with #actor Sam Muriithi today - such great energy!
are you okay? :/
i dont want to forget how your voice sounds.
Aladdin's & Sinbad's. As for a greasy spoon, hole-in-the-wall middle eastern joint - Byblos is a pale version.
": GM Davina."r u going to musicfest
Coffee and Cosmicomics
I'm tired yet I still have homework to do #schoolsucks :(
I sware i have cutest grandpa in the entire universe!
If only i would have found out a bit earlier about the 2hr delay
I don't need a PART time boyfriend I need a FULLTIME man!
gotta move forward
New lexus commercial "dec to remember" reverses gender roles
Thirsty Thursday. (;
only if you could issue a parking violation ticket.
It's the only way to react to a picture of a cat driving a car in a suit.
Follow for updates on specials, daily flavors for drinks and soups and fun facts and tips for sustainable living
Everything may not be how I want it but it's exactly how I need it<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
maybe I'll change it to the white one you retouched
LeBron's big for no reason.
<<<PEANUT! I'm about to come scoop you! What planet u wanna go to?
If you're worried about tornadoes, come chill with us in Edmond; the city of Edmonds chamber of commerce banned tornadoes back in 2006.
First tweet from the new iPhone! Aw yeah boi!!
Success is knowing the difference between cornering people and getting them in your corner.
i did that and i got nothing
No that's not his name. That's what I'm calling him. Lol
Don't let your past disturb your NOW.. Get rid of people and things that will distract you from your NOW. This is your season.
..... but waited til noon to text you so as not to disrupt your sleeping patterns.
Well, looks like I'm getting it cut out right now. Fun stuff.
Awesome night :)
getting alot of play on "music choice" Jonathon!
Breathing is crucial to cleansing your body of waste and toxins that your metabolism generates.
ha he's awesome! It's just funny. Saw some roses, Instantly popped in my head. Lol
My word of mouth for not recommended to do business with them at all.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions & actions.
Well it's not really hate because to hate would mean there was a presence of a positive energy and there never was. Just bad juju since day1
Support da movement (yall stay sellin out....you should be a promoter)
there are soo many Qing Zhangs on google. all of them are phds.
US #wine exports reach record levels as a weak $ made US wines more affordable and led to $1.3 billion in overseas sales last year, up $200m
Don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars!
(Via ) thanks for spreading the word. -My pleasure. 1 day you'll do the same 4 me.
I've come to the realization that cheesy sells nowadays. Looks like it's time to dumb it down a bit.
I hate to be blunt but fuck that
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : RT : #GrnBz. Alcoa talks about self-cleaning car. Just add titanium dioxde. Alcoa already losing mass...
We spend too much time wounding instead of encouraging one another. "We are many parts of one body, & we all belong to each other." Rom 12:5
#roc were gonna miss ur nappy a$$ puff ball R.I.P: rocs puff ball P.s. u sell ur hair 2 a fan
why not? validate that statement. Based on his body of work he's more than qualified to be a superb QB.
Who knows you well enough to tell your story better than you can?
Ok then. Habs lost, and I still don't care who wins the cup. Any better?
have a happy one!
is there a way your american fans can watch The Voice UK online?
what are you favorite and least favorite things about recruiters?
RT : #InfoSec2012 COBIT5 focused on information lifecycle and information value. Auditors are there to help employees...
Modernization theory is too simplistic to explain the changes in the Middle East.
I'll watch, while you play!! You da boss, you the bo-o-o-oss man and I'll do whatever you say!
The fans etiquette is TERRIBLE! Sit during action and leave or come back during inning switch's! Please learn!
Out wit my bias and Im lookin like the summertime....its cold now
Yeah I am working on my first mixtape right now actually. And thanks bro when I get home from school I will check them out!
RT Man f%*k this game. I need them JETS runnin ova Ben Rapelisburger in my field of vision right about now.
Can't wait for the Tampa Food Truck Rally on 9/24!! Look for 's feature on mobile vendors popping up in Tampa Bay coming 9/27
Happy Father's Day!
That's how it's done!!!
you better not be talking to me shit stain cause I'll kick yo as ~
#RelationshipsAre Awesome . BUT I'll never get one .
Thanks for the mention
Christmas Brings Me Down Tour w/ Amely, Sparks the Rescue & You, Me & Everyone We Know-December 10 @ Xtreme Wheels, Doors open @ 6pm!
Ideally it would allow me to slowly build a historical timeline over a 100 yr period, hopefully with export capabilities.
PLEAASE? lol, cause like i'm trying to suprise my partner in this twitter account soo.. yeah x) follow me :3
Oh dear Madrid
This makes me feel good. :) RT : RT : #Mariners beat the #Yankees 6-2.
There's a Walgreens next to work -- that's why I had them. Desperation.
Husky Brodown: RT Best player I've played with by far NBA star talent RT This kid is really good.
And I would caution Pakistani politicians. We found him in downtown Islamabad. Thanks for the "help".
#fucklove smoke bud
I can feel myself starting to get a cold #wahh :-(
Watching a recap of Bubba Watson's Masters victory speech & LOVED he gave a "Go DAWGS" out to the crowd. He did that before thanking Jesus.
"I never knew queen Latifa was on makeup" - #twitterless Bethany
see you all out tonight at the sexy club Voyeur ! Tons of sexy playmates and their bdays tonight!
Who is Tami??
send me a link to the shirts
<U+200E>"Create your world with Creative Confessions, with Delano Johnson 9am EST! Weekdays on Twitter & Facebook! (Reweet or Post on your Page)
#gghh so much fun! thanks
Republicans don't give a damn about deficit reduction. They only want to keep a low tax rate for their rich supporters.
this film invented the 'bunny boiler' saying it's class!
Tx for the mention & love the description - means a lot coming from you Leadership Freak! :-)
Lol susan boyle is trending
It kind of screwed us up without the tahoe and we had to hurry up and go rent a ferrari. if the house doesn't sell we know why
Im sorry but its for my own good.
Why doesn't beer dry yellow when it's yellow in the cup??
No problem bro!!
Would have freaked and detsroyed all things on the desk to kill it.
i wish my hair was down to my butt
thanks! Just signed us up for some. Appreciate it and look forward to an amazing event.
It's such a nice day out. Wish I could be in it. But I'm stuck inside at work , ugh
#rhoareunion a hot mess <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> shut it up <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Thelma, resplendent brightness
#BrodusClay on #AOAL . Make it happen.
Ladies night
A4 You give up a heck of a lot of control concerning your direction.
That beautiful moment when you take a big lead right at the end of a Words With Friends game you've been losing badly until then.
I better be invited!!! Let's be real... This will all be going down at my house anyway hahaha
See you later Peyton.
what does it take to be recognized as a #workplace #diversity leader in #atlanta? come learn from the experts on Feb 21st...
#Sad day for my sister...she broke up with her boyfriend;& she thinks its her fault:((
Young writers in a lil bit. :)
April is National Grilled Cheese Month! We can’t wait for Spicy Monkey Soup Co. to open its doors with gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches.
If I had it my way, I'd skip work today and go play 8 hours of table top Ms. Pac Man at the Musee Mecanique arcade.
Stonger?? No!! Truth Is What Doesent Kill You... Only Leaves You Alive Long Enough For Something Else To Kill You Later On.
true dat! have a fabulous monday...if there is such a thing!
I thought u said the show was in 20 minutes and I'm sitting here looking like buckwheat lil sister.I can't make it in 20.lol
No, I'd love a new take on vampire hunters, esp w/ the saturation of vampire romance.
Did you say a flute player? Why yes. A flute player indeed. Come out to Lilly's tonight and see for yourself.
Kontiola? Damn, that's a name I haven't heard in a while.
Today is money making Friday. We got's a full deck of games. Let's get it.
Saw Avengers last night at an early screening. I didn't think I'd like it but I did. IronMan still the fav. Yours?
I believe I may have over slept
CP3 does not look healthy. Doesn't seem to be able to cut on either end.
im gay and i like to do my girlfriends makeup<3
Boy am i glad someone else thinks that lol": I mean that one day soon flesh eating zombies will happen upon earth bent on
Lazy Sundays are the best!
thankyou for the recommendation
Fingers crossed for
anything less would be uncivilized. I appreciate all you do to keep safety first.
I don't think so. Sorry to miss you as well. It was a big show. Maybe next time eh?
We have iO from Moscow and Kiev in the booth tonight laying down the sexist #house and #techno tracks in #Baltimore. Infinity opening.
nice slim to the face sucks.
The other nine.
Grow Tip: If you want purple buds run an air conditioner in your grow room during the last two weeks of your blooming cycle.
I can
Comment on Many people failed Malaysia on Saturday by cseng
Damn, your stuck in my head even after I get off the phone with you, your so fuckin cute... #goodnight! :)
Sad thing is this won't stop Rags from bitching about the officiating forever.
well, you may not have to wait TO long.
We are looking for auto-platen die cutters to buy, 40 or 50". You have one for sale? Email .
eating that tomorrow.
when will you be at Buster's? & who is your distributor in Memphis? & thnx for the follow...
It's not nice to kill people
Grats! What are you studying?
Cool to see my students getting internships and building networks through my social media contacts. Gotta get them on board now too.
1 c Low Fat Plain Yogurt ½ c Blueberries ½ c Strawberries ½ c Low Fat granola Or ½ c Oatmeal ½ c Blueberries 2 egg whites
you're going down fool!
Congrats Kendall, Wolfson and Hialeah campus grads!!
whether you agree with him or not, Rep. Banaian's doing a very nice job making his case re: Vikes stadium proposal
Mom talking to customer service: "Hi this is tammy" customer service guy: "Oh hello Hammy !"
I'm at acknowledging your online support community. Let me know how yours goes--wish I could be at two places at once!
I wanna go to the zoo!
I joined a site call linked in. However, I was in And linked up way before! I got God. Can't get LinkedIn no better!
ahh and miley that is also famous
Opening all the windows - what a glorious day!
Meeting my brother by the bounce house and he's late, so now I look like a pedofile creep.
Congrats and welcome! MT my daughter got accepted to #SDSU for journalism. I'm wondering what she is getting herself into.
that is awesome! tell Doug and Brady I said hi! I hang out a Georges a lot!
Are you late for your lease signing?
The single greatest indicator of an organization's #fundraising success is the amount of board giving. - June Bradham
haha I made my brother drive me to Wal-Mart and he bought me all the flavors!!! Hahaha :)))
A rumor goes in one ear, then out many mouths. But the truth goes in one ear out the other
Just had to unfollow fool think he Jesus??
future may rap slow but, that doesnt mean he sucks
My mom got me some pan de bono straight from colombia
Austin tonight!!
Not much right now, trying to let this headache go away. Did you still want me to call you since I didn't the other day?
Good Night!
Walked up the stairs i another part of the building to see a twentysomething state police officer waiting for something
: Sperrys :: : worn out Toms
:O listening to Aiden again feels great
“ In life the things that you can't buy with money is what matters the most.”
Peace to all and to all a g'nite ... :)
Just watched "8" Thanks for finding a new way to be awesome.
I am back in town and ready to serve your Re-Heat and Eat BBQ Needs. Who needs Q?
Hey did you know that is always FREE!?
i just realized why the new hard drive for parent's old laptop wasn't working. I had the hard drive put into the computer UPSIDE-DOWN!
just study a lot of music man.
nope, not today... wound up watching the Mets game.
Thanks for the s/o...we are a bit slow on learning to tweet!
I'm never going to wake up tomorrow if I don't go to sleep now....
Of course.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW PROUD US MAHOMIES ARE!
We were invited to burn Guy Fawkes in effigy at a bonfire in Tennessee. England is calling in so many ways. I know I'll go there one day.
JUICY KNOWS THAT TIMES ARE HARD, SO WE WANT TO SAY THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR THE SUPPORT!!! SO WE ARE GIVING BACK WITH OUR STIMULUS PACKAGE!!
didn't we almost have it all…. when love was all we had worth giving.. my friend! lalallaa! ;)
": Oh, , I'll miss you." Even though I didn't watch much of season 5, I'll miss it too.
kfoldvik: RT : Know how I can get a copy of the presentation on Expert Databases -KM div, Mon am? Not in Handouts on SLA site # ...
What's the state of folks that need or use assistive technology on mobile?
Q: What do u call a computer that can sing? A: A dell
Finally home and away from the crazy Christmas shoppers and even crazier holiday drivers
RT : I agree. Short and to the point. TY RT A3: Relevant topic, under 5 minutes.<=TY Relevancy = conditional ;)
RALLY on the steps of the Capitol, 12pm TODAY! SEI's own will be a featured speaker on 'Equality in Education' & introduce
These other guys aren't even responding to the tweet
#BlueRock is planning a new #video project to honor #cancersurvivors !
yes it does my friend.:-)
We totally won that debate
we are an online/mobile app to help people recover after a disaster! Check us out, can we send some info over??
what is "detes"?(:
I can't wait for prom with my beautiful date
RT : When someone at church is mad at you don't leave the church...just get to church early and take their favorite seat.
in other words: our players suck so blame them. Is this Ben taking his turn on Bobby's side to even out his support of Pedey?
We need beautiful great songs but should not be too high and not be too deep please help us we must auditions...
You SHOULD be here Henry!
Its better to be unhappy alone than w/ someone else. . .
yes, please. What a terrible movie.
Getting Ready for tonight! Sending out much love to Love you all! Hugs!
#RIM CEO acknowledges situation dire... #youthink?? Do you know anyone excited to get a #blackberry these days? //zite.to/HunTq7 via
HGi Melissa, thanks for the follow. Great photo, your eyes really stand out!
I luv Texas.. It's snowing in Feburary
The Silk Tie likes Tasch! Have you ever done tie art? thesilktie.com
Missing Tucson a bit
oh sherley you hit it right on the head
If a girl doesnt tell you right from wrong
Ha! Well done.
one time right before we were about to leave the flight attendant made them leave....
Great thoughts come from the heart.
I've got one for all LA County Libs, if that helps.
I wonder if banks used the same robo signers to sign the original loan documents....reading is over rated.
BET rocks but rocks more
Monday Night is Service Industry Night!! If you are in the service industry--come on in and enjoy 30% off everything!!
"Nobody Move" by Denis Johnson
A rush of blood to the head :)
Morning Houston, TX
Listening to wax on social media 'history'!
at paneras havin breakfast with my sis :)...a first
Man this class is about to be cake. He makes it so easy to get an A in his class. Lol
or bubba. Bubba might be able to bring the spark, but its way to soon
Good Morning Everbody! Have rehersal. Love you guys! xx A
Thank you so much! Don't know if you saw The Velvet Underground Tribute we did too. Doing Nick Drake's Pink Moon in January!
we don't really care for her, honestly. :)
added all those now. Also, Rocky IV & Miracle for obvious reasons.
Another lonely night on dolphin island
I'm 's belieber til the end no matter what. Luv ya <3
As Black Friday approaches, will you honor the created...or the Creator?
4 Facebook steps to Business Success: 1. Create your Facebook page 2. Connect to fans with ads 3. Engage your fans w/quality content
I see has joined the team! Welcome! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
HAPPY NEW YEAR! :)
I heard Mrs Obama say her fantasy and I have to say, I felt a thrill up my leg.
The Changing Book Business: An Interview with John Ujda of Better World Books (, ) by
Go to bed
A great leader’s courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.
Look I'm not saying we are/were perfect, but managing against sharp downturn vs. LT is bad advice in my view
Friday Special: Come in for any Salad or Sandwich and get one Free! That's right its FRIDAY BOGO TIME! Buy One, Get one!
Hey Kier! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
awesome reel! follow if u like. cheers, bob
You got a email so i could send you some beats ?
Damn. I read that he has 3 kids.
I am happy
follow back?
they played Milwaukee, iowa, and indianna too!!
This stage is where the advertiser is building awareness of their product
because they left already & I don't know where is it at :p
yea i know. im the same way
Anything you think we should consider for coverage today? Tweet your story ideas to
dont no if you saw what the hawks are doing...dont no if u are keeping up with the pacers
I'm i'm happy to note I can move up/down but not r/L. Bummeration. I can stand on my toes!! woohoo!
Honestly Mike, I just don't trust you anymore.
Sassy has a show with Daniel and the Lion & Bulldancer at Baba Budan's. We play at 8PM. Shake yo Sass! and...drink something too.
Hi there ShawnSwanky
Thanks my man for the RT! You all set for the run in the big dance?
Play by play guy previews Winterhawks and Kamloops at 6:15 on NW Sports Tonight
babe , because God put you here to make a change in world or on someone, babygirl dont ever say that ;o
lol n u know this yes u gone have to come hard cause u knw my skill r great whn it come to bbys n um gonna b moven soon
What's going on with this crazy weather in #mke hello Wisconsin welcome fall
Its just that if I had the options of looking at you and burning, I'd choose to burn.
That's awkward for me.
I just got your and Genna's tickets for tomorrow's Pirates game. I'm hoping to have a tailgate. Look for a colonial flag!
Thank you Douglas. I truly don't get why the DOJ doesn't see the obvious. But asking for logic in govt is illogical itself.
South Shore's Emily and Megan Gustafson combined for 47 pts and 33 reb in tonight's win! Good job girls!
If Palin really stops whining re liberal media bias, it'll free up time to talk about other parts of the world with "zoning problems"
TICKET GIVEAWAY: Follow Tweet #BlacklightPartyOct22 TICKETS & RETWEET/RT THIS TWEET PASS IT ON!!!!!!!!!!
love those. So cute! Cane one purchase online?
At Olive Garden with my Grandma and Favorite Aunt. So glad to see my family
Any body wanna chat Im bored
I HAVEN'T EITHER!! <U+E40D> have you started the final?
SIICK!!! RT : LIVE PERFORMANCES, free food and more at Rock High School's Block Party SUN 5&7PM Rock Church
he was very personable! So cool!
And for that paper, look how low we'll stoop Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coupe
RT : I'm excited =) You should always be excited Cee. :-)
The most adventurous I get is visiting Amazon on my Safari.
I'm so sick of "rebel flags" on the trucks around where I live. But I understand the appeal of a good bar :)
If you lived in LA or were a Dodgers fan you would have to drink heavily too
Good win tonight.
Youth Night was pretty sweet. OH how i've missed it!
podcast. Slides on line
Bravo Live shows that Harrahs St louis has 1/2plo and 1/2nl going right now.
Attending the Supporting Individuals in Caregiving Role Institute at the #musictherapy conference in
Thanks for the good times, #aha2012 and #thatcamp! Good talks, all around.
Sure! $500 for great logo artwork from , and you support creation of the album!
thats just too freaky...
Me & the kiddos are going to get an Akita when we move to the 808!! seems ok with it!! Lets hope
undercooking pasta & oats makes carbs harder to digest. it's beneficial for keeping ur blood sugar stable!
I hate when my internet is slow-__-
Congrats goes out to Superstar/former #MNM guest and his beautiful wife on the birth of their newborn son Tate McKinley.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when they ask questions on something I do. Like "omg since when did you like/do this.." STFU, its my life.
LM City Manager Dave Witt sharing how city is planning to deal with the end of the defunct Redevelopment Agency, including money it owes
Small business is a calling of humanity. What would we be without the shop around the corner? Entrepreneurship grows from inspired living.
let me know how I can help!
We're doing dirty santa
where are you today?
Too late, you just missed Song of the Colorado. Working with kids now and showing them how to set up cameras.
Sometimes in life when you trip and fall,it opens the opportunity to bigger and better things:-)
Awesomenauts is indeed awesome. I'm not a fan of MOBA games but this is pretty damn fun.
When your enemy hurt you 7 times, forgive him 7 x 70 times. :).
is over
Thanks so much! Keep the FF coming!
come on over (: haha
Who's the kid in #ABQ that sings like ? Come see on July 10!
Aaaaahhhhh ........ that first cup.
Psycho Sally rears its ugly head. Again!
Saw the #Grim Hexenbeast woman in a BofA commercial for first time...she's always been there, but never realized it was the same actress.
Travelers passing through Chicago O'Hare airport purchase 2 million Hot Dogs each year according to restaurant and concession stand reports.
Follow them Take care!
5 more days until the weekend
I fully expect the city of Baltimore to embrace a team that doesn't choke in the playoffs.
Congrats! What's next?
Spread the word! Student award from SLA's IT div. Contact . Use the subject: "SLA IT Student Award 2011"
#bbcamerica RT Omg #luther is really even better season 2. I may break dawn watching all the episodes.
“: On the enemies list! How cool is that?” Congrats! That's quite an accomplishment!!!
OMG Happy #OneTimeAnniversary So proud of
quite possibly!
amazing! It looks good and ripe, too. Time to get the berry buckets out, hee :D
When i see crazy people on the street who talk to themselves, i wonder what the voice in their head sounds like. Saw 3 today #siri?
Yes, I'd like to know what's going on with that! Thankfully, no threats at Lindbergh.
Thank you & for your support! All of our children deserve a safe learning environment.
What I just say she having a boy
Why in the world would you care or even be engaged with such a thing?
Watching TV Haha!
Day 3 of caffeine detox round 2...
Why is it always raining on half days?
gah. 2 *tumblr* #fails in one day. maybe i should just step away from the computer and tidy my desk.
Just happy I'm not near #wmata right now. Look like almost every line is fubarred.
it's crazy how fast time flies, Keith my oldest is 9 and I'm so enjoying every minute! Thanks
(pt 2) "I see no basic difference between a poem and a handshake," says Paul.
Ha! The weapon was formed, took its best shot, be I'm Still Standing! God is so faithful to me.
word on the street is its madonna
ONE MORE STRIKE, LET'S GO
We got some crazy tracks on Commencement... Wow
Happy Bday, Big Fella! Cabrera big boy baseball
Dang, my TL is full of excited people because of the fact Boosie was found
November 2010 HubSpotter of the Month: Karen Rubin
you are so crazy, you sure you want to follow me?!
Probably going to Lakers and Clippers game next Saturday in LA
Big brother G'd up!!
where in NYC r u? I may come by to say hello :)
Russian Orthodox Church urges 'gay propaganda' ban - Denver Post
Going to the phillies game! Can somebody text me the #Sixers game?????
One of The Things I Appreciate Abt - The Dude Exudes Positivity. :)
Thats awesome bro! Nice air! We dig it!
Considering the TESOL convention in 2011 to set up a booth and talk to 6500 ESL teachers... in New Orleans.
So true James
I donno about advancing ball up the field...more like helping us play goal line defense until our chance in 2016.
Watching aaron rodgers getting golf lessons on golf channel
You can upload the online request forms to your account as "other documents."
Hey thanks so much! :) Yeah I've been told I was going a bit fast; my bad! But I'm glad you liked it! <3
New All Time Low DVD...legit.
Eek, the movie is finally about to start!
U they look like wingtips.
fox football guys www.foxsportsradio.com live 6a-10a eastern this morning. leading to Fox coverage of Dallas-Minnesota
I'm in! RT - Troy has gone surfing. Be back after deadlines.
"and in the end, the love you take. is equal to the love, YOU MAKE!"
Yes but I don't be on it in the morning time at all just hit me up a little later for FaceTime
heading to Phoenix, Albuquerque and Vegas this wkend to recruit visual artists and designers for Cornish College of the Arts. cornish.edu
Durant the real MVP puts the Thunder by one!
Yum.... Turkey Chilli
daughters.... lock up ur mothers, the locksmith is back!
Have you been to Earth Bar?
an elephant never forgets...or forgives.
Thanks for the follows!
have a good one
The "prettier" that tarantula is, the creepier he is to ME....Don't think I would have liked Anansi....I would have freaked out
Don't forget to head over to Dell Diamond in Round Rock for weekend series vs Cal! Tonight's game starts at 7:00!
Happy #Purim to all! What's your #costume today? #Megillah reading this morning at 7:30am.
well i still bet u got that sexy momma to be glow!! what are u having?
Darn just got caught robbing the bank....damn where is that do over button!
Hanging out with the girls at the Children's Museum. The Barbie exhibit brings back fun memories.
we got to meet your mom today :)
well of course! :D
This weather.... Two plants in one still waiting. Ohh the fun in the mud... waiting for mom to say. "clean off" gotta luv it.
< there's another $10 charge for "Pharmacy Visit". I don't remember visiting a pharmacy. At least not within the hospital.
RIP good R. Weeks
Wow observation...No one CAN cover Voice
now let's be honest: would old-school, "real" journalism get ratings? nowadays, we truly do value punditry and opinion
you know damn well t was coming
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 46
Went to the gym with my homegirl n this bitch came to the gym with a lollipop in her mouth trying to work out n she wonder y she still fat
when will you be in ATX?
well we know it's not tube steak
Ay y'all..never forget your peoples that are locked down in the system! Send em money on their books.Commissary is very necessary!!
Hi Twitter friends. Happy New Year.
Are you kidding me #Rubio !?!?!
oh, the usual, pork chop and wine. For sure wine. Be back soon!
okay i'll buy the forks! :)
Putting Shook Ones beat in a commercial w the #Spurs was the best thing anyone ever did with a commercial w the
Way to go, #Mavs!! Congrats! Now onward to bring it ALL home!!!
Catchh Me When I Fall , Simply Flaws &All .
Now, what to do with all of this refunded season ticket money?
yup i jus put ha on
Kicking wit my home town girl cafe for my born day
I admit, some days you do feel that way...maybe that's why 1st person shooters are so popular...
Transmission is shot on my Caddy. $4 GRAND...I DON'T THINK SO. Time to go Car Shopping....! (YEAH!!!)
r Absolutamente, estamos positivamente su mayor fan! aka WE LOVE YOU!! R 30th anniv. soon...How can we get you here?!
#WhenImBored I listen to music :)
see you at your game!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT The real contest is always between what uv done and what ur capable of doing. Beyond quality work
On December 13th DIW will be hosting a local celebration in lieu for receiving the 2011 National Arts and Humanities Youth Program Award
yea? who played it for u?
Pool Party 2day @ The Silverton w/ Spadoni & Twin Brother! Cheap food & $1 beers! After party w/ This Is My Empire! 7pm $5 21+
77 in happy valley today. Happy valley has yet to hit 80 this year.
unpublished materials here until copyright until death +70 so many 19th c. items still under c for the long lived!
Its not too late to order your January Treasure Boxes - $32 feeds you and your family quality food al week long! www.thetreasurebox.org
I can get pillows from :) RT : Best. Idea. 2012. #liveatdaybreak we should have a flash mob pillow fight in MKE.
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close? More like Extremely Not Good and Incredibly Not Good, am I right widows?
I missed xoXo
sharp! RT : Everyone, go to nwasianweekly.com RIGHT NOW and check out the slicker, cleaner, awesomer version of our site
they look good!
The white trash on Steve Wilkos
Woot! I am very happy to hear this!
tan lines are hot. hahaha
At Napa Valley College for volleyball
Just saw some of my first content published online. Nicely gratifying.
"with a dinner bell."
True statement.
The simplest means to convey your #style statements >>>> #Custom #Tshirts ...
If I could take dog hair and turn it into an incredible energy source I would be a genius. And rich. And wear a cape. #gothusky?
merseyside derby this afternoon
Coach Knight was GREAT at the #Palladium tonight in
People are such hypocrites
I got news a couple days ago that she was really sick and in Isolation cuz her blood count dropped down to zero.
You got that Hall Of Fame Swag
We'll highlight an app for the PlayBook today since it's been awhile and we hate to ignore 'em
d-d-d-disco nap.
why are the candy apples all about abby lee?
"Business Networking & Sex..." It's not what you think! Join us at 10:00 ET with Dr. Ivan Misner. Learn how to really network!
Since my extra AMPs have distorted all of my electronics I can not update my site with my new items :(
RT : Can you believe that I have never read a James Patterson book? And neither have I nor do I intend to either.
Love to ALL moms! RT: "A mother holds her children's hands 4 a short while... but their hearts forever." -Unknown
at the moment opening up a salon, hotel, and doing a few rehab homes. Also got a day care facility opening up. Interested?
You're welcome! Back atcha!
Omg my mom just surprised me with the perfume. Its smells like heaven.
Heading over to for a demo - It's a lovely morning in Dallas!
“: RT : Sometimes a player's greatest challenge is coming to grips with his role on the team." - _Scottie_ _Pippen_”
Sick beats.
That's the new motto RT: "Are you with it or not?"
That awkward moment. When you`re yelling at someone and you mess up a word.
This abc booklet isn't gonna get finished .
We in the press, by our power, can actually undermine leadership. Christiane Amanpour -
gonna go see otano during 1st period ;)
I find myself using LinkedIn more than Facebook. just the next step in social-network evolution -- follow your interests and not just past.
how's the clinic
Naps that feel like it was only 5minutes when it was actually 2hours<<<<<<<<<<
appropriately-- j-pol just offered to get me tim ho's.. he's the visitor- why u playin us? ;)
RT : RT if you #feelthetingle of and Toy Drive!!!!
“: We all have that one creepy neighbor that never comes out of their house.”
“: #FollowFriday " Thanks! I'm in a #SXSW line and I could use a bottle. :)
See our production opening THIS THURSDAY! "Someone WHo'll Watch Over Me" is HERE! Tix are $12-students/artists/seniors and $15 general
They say to wrongs dont make a right
splitting service is a regression. It's insane, and conflicts with a major use case.. tracking what to watch. IMO :-)
Step #11: give up on your fears
Right on good job!
“: Jeremy Miller would have scored a TD on that catch” Haha! I love where your head's at DelVerne!
Day off. I could really go for a forever lazy right about now.
our baby is growing up, so so proud<3:')
Going to Manhattan for the last #Mizzou vs #KSTATE game! and I might fight today!! Go State!
Loved "Motherless Brooklyn"? Come hear author Jonathan Lethem read from his new book "The Ecstact of Influence" March 13th
Welcome back to El Lay! May it be equally as enjoyable as daily intellectual sparring w/Trebek.
You'll note that every Obama campaign ad on TV thus far focuses on energy and answering SuperPAC attacks on his energy record.
Tuesday - Sunday Open at 11:00am - 10:00pm We close at midnight on Friday!
Nf , can o get a follow back?
you should apply for the #BEARS offensive coordinator job. I hear it's open. You can use Travis as a reference.
Oh Shut Up Now I Know Why people Are Unfollowing You.
Phoenix won. Fuck that. If they'd penalized Torres like they should've they wouldn't've won.
Well.... I still bleed orange and blue.
We are babe! Wish u was here :( ": are u guys having so much fun yet??! Soo wish I was there :-("
Aye, yall put the question # in ur answers, it makes it easier to see what u are answering!
At Startup America Live…chilling, recharging and "being like water my friends"
I got 2
What is wrong with Wisconsin?!?!?!?!?!?!
Shit talking the people in tthe car next to you THEN realizing the window is open ...
#CWFOTD On this day in 1861, Robert E. Lee formally resigned his commission in the US Army & Union forces evacuated the Gosport Navy Yard.
Event of the Week: Tàpies – Image, Body, Pathos
its illegal for to steal a nigga feelings n leave. In my gates voice
..kind words? I love how you go against the grain and try to enlighten..I love how your word influence, even when you think..
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." ~ Aristotle
Pleasantly surprised by the movie Real Steel, well done! AndI must say... Evangeline Lilly is still SEXY AS HELL
RT : WI Consumer Protection warning: email looks like Verizon Wireless is a fake. Could lead to a serious breach of data...
negative campaigning? good quesion!
Your disappointments, setbacks, stresses, circumstances, problems & blessings are all highways to trains you .
It makes me sick to see how many mistake pitches this lineup consistently let pitchers get away with.
Q: Why was the birthday cake as hard as a rock? A: Because it was marble cake! #joke #silly #q&a
Guy just bet $100,000 on a 20-1 horse that's $2,000,000 if he wins god bless him
Hey how ya brother doing now that he home and shit?
Northwesterns family day today! Parents come out and get to see what we do in med school!..my parents could make itbut ill b giving the tour
Well Boudreau's Ducks have already scored as many goals in 1 period as the Caps have scored in the past 2 games. Just an observation.
Today's market prediction is cloudy with a chance of meatballs. Ok, AAPL may see a sell off & one last chance b4 $400 happens. Tech bearish?
Charles Barkley: "I think George Karl is a better coach, no disrespect to Coach Brown"
We were the featured artist this month and it was awesome Love the
SUPPORT VETERANS BUY A POPPY TODAY!!!
Morning! Massive stomach ache going on, but the show must go on. :( How do you deal with getting sick at night or early in the morning?
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving.
PRODIGY I'LL PRAY FOR YOU THAT YOU WON'T GET THAT BEHIND TOW UP CAUSE WHAT HAPPENED AT ROCS PARY I'LL PRAY FOR YOU<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
HAHAHA, maybe maybe.
Great to meet you! ~Conna
I think i started getting hungover before i went to bed. Fuck work
Love the old Hollywood tone of term "lavender marriage." Much more picturesque than "mixed-orientation marriage." Using that from now on!
lol...you jealous??
Anti-comma only cause I never know where to put it.
I'll just wait for something great to happen, -_-, with my luck it never will.
CP is good though, don't get me wrong.
'There are certain things that grown ups do that children should not be aware of '.. ' I know.. they f% ' -- Esther , Orphan movie
#FF our digital publishing imprint, , for books from Ross Thomas, Donald Westlake, James Ellroy, and more!
Just appreciative of this space...! No ties, no obligations!
happy birthday Nate D! (: <3 love you buddy!
Happy Friday, Sunshine!!!
A woman on fox31 news said needed other things not just dance skill to be an NFL Cheerleader?!?
My parents totally know I'm a stoner.
That 10 minutes of depression you get when you see a really hot guy and know you're never going to see him again.......... Then I'm over it
where r u guys at today
Support our friend YOGA GIVES take a class this August! Bring your kids to BOL Board Member Susie Lopez's kids class, every Thursday at 4pm!
We all in the same struggle
letestu gone. room for sid for friday!!!!!
Attention all Intermediate students: broad sword weapons cycle will start on May 5th and go until June 8th. Reserve your spot today!!!
Dont underestimate the things i could do !!!
To be truly objective you have to be willing to upset those about whom you wish to be honest...including yourself.
Dear cabbie, no u r not a psychologist, no u r not a psychic, I was walking towards u that's how u know I needed u, and please just shut up
my twitter is so slow.
Ill two way page it to u. RT : I just want to watch #Boston sports, someone text me play by plays.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! LEGGOOOO 51
¤ Uh..nevermind I spoke too soon...
Daniel Tosh, you are a gentleman and a scholar.
“: have an awful time trying to get lean again" my plan has 7 meals/day so not starving. Just bored w/same few food items!
How's it going out there?? Your Dallas teammates are thinking about you. cc:
Opportunity hides in plain sight, and until I have a dream, I can’t see the opportunities that are right in front of my eyes.
arent there always plenty of stories?
Kramer is pretty much Beast
In the studio with Noah Sugarman and Kevin Hogle recording the second Noah Sugarman Album!
Cooking channel : innovative recipes for delicious and easy meals. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Paula Deen
were you Jack and Chance was Kate? Does that make me Sawyer? Najee is totally Walt.
Going to the Cardinals game Sunday, ride there in style, call us to reserve a Town Car, SUV, stretch limo or a mini bus before we sale out
I hate some asks me to send them a pic !
needs something to do with her life today......
yea I was wit u were bombed
YES OKAY
Thinking of opting out of #klout. Wild swings; non-transparent scoring. What use is it?
ITS ONLY ONE B**** OUT THERE THAT I REALLY REALLY TRUST
tomorrow game time!!!!!
haha yea forget it it's totally cool that it happened and the pics for maxim one day will make it al better :)
Living room, dining room, kitchen, mud room and bathroom floors all swept & scrubbed by hand. I must really love my house. (Yes, I do!)
hell naw idk what to do
POLL: Are you OK with women breast feeding in public? Reply to us with #yes or #no to vote!
yea for #BLUEBLOODS!! highlight of my week will be seeing you Friday night, WOOT WOOT!! ; )
RT : Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables.
I'm a 15 but I'm ready to take that up 10 more notches real soon. This is waay cool. See ya soon. Gonna kick ass in 2012!
DCPS Food Service Director: This generation of kids is the first that will have a shorter life expectancy than their parents.
thanks for stealing my tweet
I hate it when I can't find the songs i'm lookin' for on youtube. All I see is peoples coverings. I guess my mental library is too enhanced.
I think nice leather ones work! Need to get Kurt a pair. Are Toms on guys cute or douchy?
Coffee dinner on wednesday, starbucks cant hold a flame
it's funny how people can so easily forget you
Bummed the TRAILS session was cancelled.
what weekend is that?
Spank my butt!!! (OK not mine!) But watch as we have models spank themselves. Nice wiggles in SLOW MOTION!
last time, trey songz.
Kershaw just got thrown out of a game. He was throwing a one hitter!
Last day today of 5 week! great kids!
not foreal... i'ma call tomorrow....
Sometimes, I forget how amazing Coltrane is, and then I spend an entire el ride listening to 'Giant Steps' and crying. Then, I remember.
Vanilla & Chocolate go hand and hand.
Yay! Congrats to Ray Allen! Couldn't have happened to a better guy!
where are y'all sitting?
This is easily about to be the worst day of my life
sweet! Where did ya see it? church?
Congrats to and Megan & Liz will be opening up the iHeartRadio Music Festival this year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
make me some cereal milk.
because you're so cute and I love your tweets
It's actually pretty inspirational until he tries the damn thing.
I hate when I'm going away and I wanna pack but then I realize its still months away
you have forgotten about your bff!
Just saw wrath of the titans.. Pretty badass!
Brittany went around snorting ladybugs and lightning bugs as a kid. Knew it.
Feature: Raskally fellows: Are copyright infringers "pirates" and "thieves"?
I wish tomorrow night would get here faster!!
thanks for the follow!! GO YANKEES!!!
Thank you for the retweet...hope you are doing great and are still writing your story! : ) Thanks for caring!
If I'm not answering your emails, its because i'm cruising around Sonoma in a convertible.
you still have till August 31st 2012
I asked the surgeon if she dreaded or loved hammering metal in to bone. she loves it.
yippee! I can't wait!
My mama is so tough she had 5 kids, then went to law school, then worked as a lawyer while single parenting 5 teens. How tough is your mama?
Stop being so destructive! Copying you on reply to ILL request. Is Benjamin Franklin really on English Faculty? lol
I think she hates me now.
Thanks for the RT :) Think about sharing your thoughts on this topic -- even just a webcam testimony is welcome!
we're test driving one. Ah im in love.
Not at all. Just
barca best club ever
No Lines at Disney Parks?
God I just want to sleep. Damn dog is snoring now.
My heart still breaks as we remember the tragedy that took plc on this day 10 yrs ago.
That moment when you say to yourself "If only he knew I loved him as much as I do".
Forget the #ValentinesDayNight flowers, I want #DavidBeckham in those #H&M briefs.
Want me to to shout outs?! Then just ask!
Santa: door's unlocked since my gift won't fit down chimney. Despite "issue" in LA & "incident" w/ NYPD I was super good this year...right??
Happy mothers day to all the feat moms in the world!!!
Sugar / caffeine coma : /
thanks, it was a fun event and it was great meeting some of your team!
hey are you already in austin? ping me?
it would've taken the person less time to google it than to ask me via twitter or facebook. Heh.
Great. Right after my first tweet I spill coffee all over my pants.
he about to rob an AWARD lol
Glad to be here! Yep we were the first in the U.S.! We'll send you a free Dining Guide if you like. Thx for the welcome! :)
I think winter has just arrived . Sigh...my springg...
only in Nashville does one of the biggest entertainment lawyers in town have his bluegrass songs playing on Sirius...
The paradigm shift this was when Barrera and I first threw out concept a year ago.
Going #Green as an artist makes life interesting.Today I almost took a broken lamp from a dumpster...anyone else have this problem?
Am able to stand still on the correct side of the escalator. I AM COMMUTER MAN.
Nothing ever goes as planned anymore...
Gee, thanks for following me, joe!
I love that you ask "Who are you?" That makes me happy. I'm glad I'm not the only one trying to break the cycle.
we liked hearing about the men who met their wives playing racquetball. do you play?
": All of Kayla's lil friends are like in love with me smh lol." Lol no were not
Hi there handsome! :)
#ARMA11 Cobalt Award goes to Cisco Systems.
no problem! and yes! and i'm so glad you pick New York over California!
Tweet a shout out to your favorite Massage Therapist! Let them know how much you appreciate them - we sure do!
Nothing like hearing a favorite JAM right before you #crossfit Aahhhhh!!!! :D
The I will find each of them and try them out.
I respect the person who let girls in the army. girl on period+gun= Unstoppable
#artsummit Salt Writer's motto, the only prison is the prison of the self. Arts transform prison experiences.
This Sunday were releasing the first track off of our EP "The Mechanical Sunrise", spread the word!
So perhaps I should mention I'm giving food blogging a try?
two years ago was a completly different kid. he always told us that fame could ne'er change him
we won!
whats her name again
Had a great time at tonight and now live-tweeting about #MissCAUSA prelims on Love my Saturday nights!
To all of you who don't know what twistaid is... it is a class project we need followers in order to recieve a good grade. so please follow!
Maane i swear im too tired n dont feel gud
now you and I can start playing a nice game of "whose state is more ignorant"...this sucks
Make that a double;)
Just got gym membership :-) time to build that body i always dreamed of
thanks t! Pending date tuesday may 1 at cafe Hollander - tosa. More soon! Thanks.
Stuffed mushrooms >>>>>
Good 4 U She needs to blocked and gagged This is the poison going back in2 the universe. May B she's the cause of nat disas
RT : Giving up alcohol, there are no positive outcomes of it.
9th June is coming.
If your turned around looking over your shoulder in your avi your a hoe
#DemonicDerek deadly things are coming for dungeons of delhi this year!!
Lady gaga makes a very sexy man!!! LOL
We would love to sponsor and her family, contact us if interested....
Last night I had a dream about booking a huge project.
umm... Rick Perry's still blocking me. Guess I'll ignore his invite to a fundraiser. Wonder if I'll still get a Christmas card?
I expect you to be killin' it in Vienna right about now!
Just got done hanging my fangs in some great smoked pork....:)
#dontbelate Center lane blocked. STALL, NB- I-25 AT THORNTON PARKWAY--CENTER RIGHT LANE
3 Men and a Little Lady ... So good
MSMQ: Doing Digital Humanities is doing Humanities for keeps. Because you can see the implications of your assumptions.
25% of healthcare organizations don't conduct security risk assessments - HIMSS 2011 Security Study #iHT2 (huge opportunity for vendors)
Read Charles & Mary Beard, economic history of the united states
Another morning. Kiddos starting the day with fresh blueberries pancakes <3
Added "Locklets" to the domain collection. GoDaddy MUST love people like me-
I really need to jump on that bandwagon, but Twitter is still so much more overwhelming than FB to me. D:
Getting ready for the New Orleans Bowl! Geaux Cajuns!
twitter is being retarded.
these glasses make me look #awesome fucking
Clock management will win the game...
when you fall don't just sit there like a retard get up!!!! forget the selfish loosers who put you down!
Thanks for the heads-up. Amazing the power that book still holds. I thought "Willie McGee" was very powerful in its own right.
what did tante mickey do to your feet? Shaun says to ice your feet :-)
& i aint speak to yal. i rarely tweet now. i know yal miss me lol
what did you do now!?!? Hahaha
Waking up to the news that Nadal beat Federer in four sets at the AO is a good way to start the day. Get em
you're the best, thx for the follow!!!
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhoods.
Getting ready for Social Skills/Friendship Groups today!
Has LeBron taken a shot in OT?
I see you walk by, extra fly baby where you going, can I roll?(;
What did you guys think of it? I loved it! Obvi some things were different but overall great adaptation.
You have no right to judge someone you don't know. For all you know, today could be their last day alive.
I haven't but I have heard of them. I want them.
I.coach poker. Have not done study group
"Plaything" is rockin' at Gravity Studios with Ashleigh Ashton!
I like Indian fans as much as I like American fans. I do not like carefully euphemised racist sentiments or twitter spam.
but he's so adorable! ;-)
CD release show at the Lab tomorrow night, you really should be there....seriously.
I love it - a digital pack rat! I'm totally "borrowing" that phrase :)
someone verified has been dm'ing me!! i have a new friend thats famous(;
Now I get to tag his sexy self in the picture.
love your thoughts. Have you checked out my book:MyNameIsMahataa? Clear mind meditation is dessert.
He is already on the east coast!
I just finished a 4.60 mi run with a pace of 9'03"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
So True.
well, in addition to being "influential" about Donald Trump, Klout now thinks I am influential about the NY Giants. so, strike 2, I guess
Freeze dried fruit is my crack......love it
Christmas sweater shopping at goodwill.
Depending on the state, the school has to have permission from the parent to spank a kid, so black parents have to stop this.
Well, that's one way to really annoy a #yankee fan. Way to go #redsox!
yes ma'am!
You can use me as your refer a friend & get $100 off DIRECTV :)
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Apple has announced that there will be no 2012, only 2011S.
Sorry to miss out this time, but glad to hear you've got things planned. Best of luck! Looking forward to the new stuff.
Owen Wilson Enlists To Protect His Family From Violent Rebels In ...
Morning...so tired.
Bruins fans boo the team at end of 1st period. If #Caps stay ahead, TD Garden will clear out halfway thru 3rd. That's how they roll!
She mad cuz idgaf bout getting the silent treatment. Happy af can watch the game in peace. Mayb I'll care tomorrow *shoulder shrug*
do you accept gift cards?
- Thanks, Bob -
Sounds like a blast. Have fun!
nigga i kno u not scared,lowkey i was
Here we go again George
ripped up the stage homie. Performance was ill as always. Don't let your music ever stop playing
i have it on my personal account in my messages, but it doesn't show that many details about it): as far as i know it
I'm sorry :/ I know how it is to have a class with no one you know. It sucks. I hope it gets better for you(:
Man, the Germans can string some dependent clauses together!
for a #kondike bar i would jack off to justin bieber....on second thought, nah they're not that great...
Every time I meet someone from the midwest here they turn out to be seriously cool
A representative from the TX Music Awards contacted us about involvement in their event this year. Awaiting details.
Brandon Jennings and Monta Ellis in the backcourt. They are two shoot-first guards, but they both can dish. I'm way pleased.
Phew, now I can sleep easy tonight.
Did AMAZING :D
what been Goin on.. Ima be bak on Tuesday
you can't make it for a second day,what is up with u and these schedule changes?
sexual songs directed towards me >>>
That's great news, Congrats!!
My daughters are 9 and 10 am I wrong to say that when they are 13 they are getting on birth control?
Anthony, you mean YOUR dad & 's dad were both butchers. That's sweet!
I'm just teasing you anyway :P
nope the stores on delay but I got upgraded to next day shipping so soon hopefully
Very cool stamp choices on that #ShowAndMail!
my cousin is fully convinced that i have a boyfriend...he doesn't know that i'm
Hey , great idea to post your CIF link
cause really, who wants to die alone?
beauty and the beast theme I see????
Congrats to the cast and crew of "seven minutes in heaven" for an amazing opening! Do not miss this one tonight! www.yatkids.org
Operation "bring little bird home" in full effect... Diana and Victor are awesome.
Ron Nored's overall offense has really picked up. He is getting to the basket a lot this year, draws foul and makes layup. Butler up 6.
If JESUS returned today-what would you say to him?
Want your #IPAD to work as a phone? Davinci has a free app for that! Buy our $59 automated phone service and make calls from your app free!
One more stupid love song, I'll be sick.
They say when a man holds a woman's hand before marriage, it is love, after marriage, it is self-defense.
Shake it an' pop it--- like a ketchup bottle!
What an unbelievable play by Brodeur.
is it weird that I like my the way dead roses look almost better than when they were alive...i just like
Come check out advance methods of tree braids in room 309 noon to 130pm at bronners brother today and monday
at last i get to rest as tmrw's a weekend!
we all can't be in the "ain't ish" category
RT : Just got off call w/ reps from groups that support #INTransit. Passion & energy for #INTransit is STRONG. #won'tstopworking
How big a rush? Are talking blow-hard radio host or Canadian power trio?
Fact: Space Mountain NEVER gets old
Only a few more weeks until you are crowned American Idol! Can I ask for a #followback?
I really want some more bright nail polish.
John Legend & Chris Mathews received an honorary doctorate from HU!!!
I Love Youu! :) Just Letting You Know :)
Okay, I admit it. Zooey Deschanel and her show rock.
Freedom is walking around my apartment sans pants while testing ukulele acoustics.
Apple's aggressive licenses and patents give me pause. But I must admit that their products are double-plus-good.
working mane, let's get it
I think it takes true talent to get into the shower! .....with your socks on VoV
Today has been a blessed day and i'm truly thankful.
sorry bro i aint been online. its on facebook.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! can i get a HAPPY BIRTHDAYY!??! It will mean the world to me(:! <333 plleassee!
I'll still be here! We'll definitely have that Slivovitz whenever you are back here!
Going to school late >
Chris Tomblin is hilarious. You have to get him on KSR. Half way through. This was worth every cent.
"Now that #Snooki is pregnant somebody needs 2 ask #Santorum if he still thinks contraceptives r a good idea" - Bill Maher
Good Monday morning to everyone!
#Np Skin - Rihanna
So, the mixtape release has been moved to the 26th in order to let people properly show their mommas and baby mommas some love on their day
Wishing that I had more time and energy to fit in school and dance every day...
who managing tonite Dwane? Nita there? Tell them you my friend ( repent later)... Lol.. Small world. Seriously
Amen sistah!!! RT : M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round! Happy Monday!!!
I'm glad you like it!! I listen to it at least once a week. Different kind of music.
kind of why we were interested in having Henwood publicly dismantle Berman's tepid Keynesian statist imperialism
Who watched the #DavisCup this weekend? Go USA!
Oh how lovely.(; Haha isn't the book report (that I haven't even started..) due on Thursday ?
#writers: How do you use your iPad?
This is not any of our businesses. You can find out how to contact them and tell it to them. Not us.
New APUS will push skills over memorization. Less guessing what will be on exam that year. More flexibility for teachers
Thanks, Maureen. He's one of my favorite poets. It's a dream come true!
RT Horse Back Riding this morning, then who knows. I think today will be all you can eat Barbecue at Hank's Smokehouse.
RT : Those with no followers say twitter ain't shit , yeah it be like that
"Join us, sit where everyone can see, we've got magic to do, just for you"!
Cheers! Thanks for the RT love. Hope to see you tomorrow at the event!
is going to learn to sew in order to have the couples costume from the #jollyholiday scene in
lol mines hilarious
We pulled it off y'all! Hundreds of red umbrellas marching through Treme to stop the spread of
#ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Hitchhiker's Guide to the SWAG
I thought that queer was a name aimed at gay people by people that did not approve of their life style. So what is a queer?
Let's give it up for Marriage Equality passing in New York! (this means we can have more gay jokes now, right?) Just kidding (not really)
This moment... This moment... This moment... This moment... This moment... This moment... This...
Gardiner: Understanding the economic profile of small business owners is needed to develop social insurance policy
Bathing suit shopping #summahhh2012 (;
that moment when ur friend steals something of urs and ur about 2 scream cuz they wont tell u where it is
Oh Michael E.... umph!
we serve it with the pork chop and specials
This is the anthem for BSI for 2012. New music from www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqbUAbHpntU&feature=youtube_gdata_player
It would totally awesome to be in a relationship with someone who likes me.
cannot believe it's this cold out and going to be 80 again this weekend, this is craziness
Seeking jr. litigator for a labor & employment position at the small office a large national firm. Please message me for details.
Suck that Missouri, Marquette is number 7!
You're a fake, Davin Heller.
U wanna be my man but u gotta girl
Just wait til they start reading their textbooks & lit readings there too. It will all be Webz.
I thank Obama everyday that my 401k rebounded after Bush's recession.
follow me i follow you how does thatt sound to you fair or no ?
:D thank you!
So, today I'm in a cab to Soho and the driver in broken English says: "I'm new. Could you tell me the streets to take?" What THE?!!!
Love to have all my social media accounts sync'd so I only have to share my thoughts with the world once :)
#PurpleHaze in my brain.
The alternative to being is reacting, and reacting interrupts being and annihilates.--Winnicott
#writers, if you need encouragement, #FF He always has something nice to say!
Hotzpacho? Ain't nobody got time for that.
"Hypocritical Kiss" may be my favorite song of 2012. And Blunderbuss is definitely my favorite album this year.
I'm the one you love to hate ( ;
#Avengers tonight at 12 w/ , and Taylor Jeffers..awesome movie aside...we plan on making candy go
It's snowing outside my window!! Hello Winter, so nice of you to join us! <U+26C4>
couldn't have been better put
RT : "Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." - Bill Gates.
It works until it quits working. Marketing methods can lose effectiveness when overdone or become outdated. Cars were once sold door to door
Cookout time: shrimp, steak and salmon!
Yeah, I do know what U mean that feeling that UR not w/ any1 but some is in some strange way U R) oh yeah yeah I know that
I realize I'm not enough grateful with my parents
omg this is a badass piano solo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Gonna start dancing again in August<U+2665> FINALLY. I miss dancing. Last time I went to a dance class was 4 years ago.
Love it! Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers are going into business together, opening up their new restaraunt, 8*twelve.
Big S/o to all the people that took their precious time to unfollow me...thank you so so much:):)
that legit made me laugh out loud. no joke.
only if the banks start to lend again
Now heading off to #OAH2012 and #NCPH2012 . Schedule already packed, but it includes some a couple sessions. Thrilling.
D0 i wanna be there ayaaare. in my citaaay
That seems to be the favorite so far!
Throwing up the peace sign...nothin but the middle and trigger fingers
Lets go Kane!
very proud. finally wrote a song that has potential.
I always wonder which friends will still try and keep in contact with me when i leave in july
Make some!
Misconception #2 It's good to mix it up. New members bring energy and fresh ideas to a team.
well the band played a show and from the looks of it they had a lot of fun c: if they're ever in your area you should see them maybe!
Back tonight. Spinning Funk-Hip Hop-Rock from 10pm till 4am. No Cover. N. 14th st and Berry. Williamsburg, BK
A win is a win , however the Cowboys need to look at the line defending Romo.
November is National Marrow Awareness Month. Bone marrow is the tissue in center of large bones where new blood cells are produced.
Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
" : How many MAHOMIES are on right now?..." you already know, HOLLLAAA (;
Thanks for the follow Adrienne!
I'm sorry bro damn
WELL... We gone see tamorrow.! :)
I am
I agree!
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks.
I can't help but be wide awake as soon as the sun shows up.
Ever wake up and feel like today isn't gonna be your day.. yea well I feel like that.. hopefully it won't be bad
Paying a CFO to help you with your 2012 budget significantly increases your changes of it actually getting done. via
so i'm pretty sure i'm gonna rip my dermal out after school gets out.
i feel u on that! hang in there!
Wanting to wish everybody a great Thanksgiving
hurry up bae...im hungry...i really think im u kno wut 4 real if so oh well yea...ily
Yeah!!! RT : Well, off to go save the world for a second time finally...
The Rangers need to beat the Flyers in regulation for the #Caps to stay in first place in the Eastern Conference
"Attitudes are more important than facts." - Dr. Karl Menninger
Santa, can you hear me? I have been so good this year! and all I want is one thing: tell me my true love is near! <3
Drinking some hot tea cause I lost my voice a little playing n making fighting noises w/my little man..
Is "Laura" a true film noir or a murder mystery?
please kick his ass. I am kinda getting tired of his pompous ass
Last shows of the weekend kick off in an hour. Don't miss in Broad Ripple or Downtown! 8 and 10:30pm. 317-255-4211
busting your balls again ! Lol!
The more I'm around you now the less I like you. It's funny because I don't feel like I'm going to be trapped liking you anymore .
only a stupendous dinner late at night can invoke the cheese phone!
1.I <3 One Direction Turn On: Guys who are emotional Turn Off: Guys who are full of themselves
was there suppose to be a link for scrumcast 43?
SO many people on my SEA to SanDiego flight this morning all bubbling over about going to ComicCon! Wow. Kindofa geek fest.
Enjoying my first snowfall of the season in Massachusetts.
I thought #JasonBiggs was openly gay?
Likely shock. I haven't seen you in a year!
It's a spaghetti night
Everything I know about hockey I learned from "Slap Shot"
OUR GOAL: PROMOTE SPAIN while helping our country, which nowadays, is suffering.
Down town<3
That moment when someone posts a picture with the caption "no makeup" and you wanna comment "I can tell."
ride a bike to work.
Lol I like that
1/2 off limos on friday nights!! W.limoservicedenver.com
lol cute. do they behave on set?
Who did you use to design your logo for your website? How do I get in touch with him?
I want my TOM'S to come already.
Is still following BTI on the Watterson trying to land final 4 tix.
that's just your opinion. There are many other players out there that can help improve the Bills.
Our website server is being flaky still. Working on it...
Classic movies on TCM!!! Love, love, LOVE!!
Tomorrow night, Monday july 18, join @ 12th & porter lounge for a night of rock! Doors @ 7 is slated to play 3rd!!!
She said they were due the 17th so I've been hustling all day trying to get them all in before midnight.
#teamfollowback i FOLLOW ALL. check my followerS(:
considering it's a book I got for free, it doesn't matter either way.
who makes music videos in #toronto ???!!!
May we do what is needed to see new congregations planted that are centers for the furtherance of a Messianic Judaism future.
Remember we are openfrom 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM! Come on by for your fall veg! Great tips from kitchen daily!...
whats the matter?
Despite a mountain of exhaustion and stress, I'm all smiles today. I think this year has some great things in store.
28-17 Spurs at the End of 1. K. Leonard the Spurs leading scorer with 7
Millenium Restaurant in Egleston Sq. Warm owners, great food and coffee!
Apparently the French love seeing horror movies in large groups . . . and having no control over the volume of their voices.
Well I might just have to...
Jr Seau shot himself?
..aint that the truth. The silver bullet theory at its best.
Sushi boat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm so proud though of Jordan for standing up for herself with Shelly!! Tell that backstabbing bitch off!!
Thanks guys! As always...you are awesome!
Well then. I suppose the most the Browns can do now is take Blackmon at 4 and shove up the Rams ass.
Should have known follows
Alabama is losing badly to Georgia in this game.... smh
I was on the edge of my seat and then Gold getting back what he lost but STILL wanting more. Ugh!
Lmao ima take you out to a buffet we gonna work on that booty ok ??
Knowledge is power, but ONLY if you APPLY IT!!!!
That epic moment when you almost drop something then catch it in mid-air.
Been working on this paper all day. Think I'll just pick things back up tomorrow.
- You guys are flat out rocking Jacksonville! Armor Up!!!
yeah...but I'm here
Civilian in car < big ass fire engine. Remember this, boys and girls.
RT reporting deal with Knicks is very close
Im Bored Can Someone From TB Talk To Me Plz
Theres always a way.
Not to be rude but that kind of personal, but if you need to know he was a egotisical a**hole and a beater.
Inbound links are "Votes of Authority". In addition, search engines look for clusters of thematically similar content says
#IndyIndians they're doing pretty good this year
This umpire's strike box is all over the place
you look like eminem<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
At first I wanted to say 9/11 but it just might be the information overload you get and the rise of cable news and talk radio
a week from today #LaSelecta to play in town! They should arrive prior and train nearby!
Current answer is "no", but it's something to explore. I paid for VT out of my own pocket. The new committee (DL) should help.
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!
non much
Why cook? 7 food truck meetup tonight at the Eastlake Design District. SB Expressway to Otay Lakes Rd exit & head east to Fenton.
I'm listening to some Gaga's remixes hahaha. Some are pretty good.
I am from Indianapolis.
We just signed up for #Hubspot...excited to start digging into the toolset!
Thank you :)) Happy mothers day to you too :)
Ladyfriend is handpainting albums for our performance at the Viper Creek Club show! Pick one up for cheap at Nectar in Fremont tonight!
its rough =[
Drama drama drama. No. I don't deal with it.
Into the Woods was great last night! Fantastic job to the cast and crew!
Are you a exhibitor? We're throwing a VIP party for exhibitors on tonight. Visit our booth to learn more.
I thought I'd have more time to tweet !
Attendance at Pacers home games may be a problem, TV ratings are not. Ratings of Pacers games on Fox up 12% this yr over last yr.
+1. Rally Towels 4 Life. RT : Cool, but I'm getting 30s Germany vibe MT : Props to OKC for wearing giveaway shirts
TJs... I luv it there... We drive up from columbus a couple times a year
GREAT EPISODE #Warehouse13 gets better all the time Thank You All :)
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Louis Posen of Hopeless Records says: "Not every [label] is interested in blonds w/big boobs."
Great playdate brunch with allergy friendly Mickey and Minnies Mouse pancakes, thanks to recipe. All of the kids loved it.
Getting some cheap grub courtesy of #AmexMcDonalds. Surprisingly I'm going healthy w
Does LinkedIn want to beat Talkbiznow? Aren't they already successful? They like some of our ideas, but we have a pure business vision.
Thanks for the tip Brian! We went on our facebook page and liked them!
thank you!!!
thank you! He made it!!
I miss warm Tucson rain. Icy cold Minnesota rain is unpleasant.
I think like her
"When you engage employees, you transform them from knowledge workers into empowered employees."
Fill in the blank: _______ always makes me smile.
where the blunts at
Damn Lark Voorhies done fell off. Lisa Turtle where did you go?!
i feel like i'm always tweeting about how happy i am lately.. and i LOVE it
800 followers :D
I have arrived in beautiful AZ; what to do before rehearsal? My options: Spring Training game, wilderness riding on a wild mustang, tacos.
WHERE DO I SINE UP.
pre-order from Amazon... Frustruation: The Mark Huntsman Story
I'm watching it ! It's so cute. <U+263A>
Fresh cut peonies on my desk. Everything else that happens today will pale in comparison. At least that's the plan.
hello ladies!! #tgiff be productive n feel blessed! Make it.awesome!!
Thanks ;D
If you're going to do it right, you've got to log and transcribe your video. --Gayla Jamison
Thanks for the vote!
If you attend someone's graduation, after that person's name is read, the rest is agonizing. I don't care if Rachel D. Asshat graduated.
xoxo back to you from Roo :)
slapping time
I concur, but what if she is not allowing T.O. To be said parent. I'm not taking sides, I'm just a curious bystander
Thanks! Can't wait to see the loons, lupines and ladyslippers
It makes me really happy.
City Council will review a financial stability agreement tmrw 4:10pm in special session then we plan to vote Friday or Monday.
however by GETTING the flu you will have plenty of time to get cozy with your IPad! :))
120 Videos up on the YouTube Channel
today felt like the longest day ever! -_-
“You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.” - Jim Rohn
Glad to hear you're into it - I can't wait to read it. And yes, Nook app on the iPhone/iPad is AMAZING. Yay!
Sitting in a truck while these dudes move our stuff. Weird feeling.
Happy Monday, Houston! How's everyone starting the week?
Do you post dick pics on twitter because your parents didn't love you enough or are you just that big of a self absorbed monkey knob?
Lakers are getting trounced by the Nuggets.
Just as I decide to get out of bed it starts raining and thundering
Looking for some more reviews/reviewers over at Let me now if you're interested.
and Just saw it on my dvr. Damn eve, why
Oh Taylor, I would drop everything anytime and meet u in the pouring rain and kiss u in the sidewalk and AND… I<U+2665>U
jesse - "how long does a teabag last?"
If you never have you should, these things are fun and fun is good - Dr. Seuss.
I dislike #2omf now :/
oh snap
Congrats to our new author Taylor Marsh who has her new book, The Hillary Effect, in the Nook First program that launched today!...
Starting The Shallows: What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains -- will it revolutionize how much I use technology?
Spooky night!!
you too bro! When am I gonna see you?
we'll get whatever's missing into the LOD Cloud cache, maybe next week. You can also send a ping to us via our support forums etc.
you love me anyways <3
Without music,my life would be a living hell
Laying of twitter for the next few days for fear I'll die of #SXSW envy. Later tweeps!
If Prince Fielder knew about Straight2YourDoor's delicious restaurant partners he might order daily
excellent!! Please keep me updated. That's one I'll join for sure. I'd live to cross promote as well.
lol you follow me, i dance too
i love true blood
trying to compensate for the fact that he is shorter than #Romney but he is making himself look very small.
Lifting wieghts to kid cudi is like vodka & redbull.. Having a downer & upper
yeah. but he will a gr8 job
someday will follow me his personality is just amazing... absolutely adore him <3
RT : She took her last breath.... The same day as her mother- love you *hugs*
Its official...I've gone psychotic. Goodnight.
you rocked the white outfit. Loved it! I only wish I could do it myself!
TEXT ME
Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best out of it.
Reality tv makes me feel so good about myself
That's the last time I don't bunt
: Have you ever listened to "Erotica"? Me: Probably with my mom.
"I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you grabbed a pineapple, screaming SPONGEBOB, ARE YOU HOME!?
Thinking about Meagan all the time! Hoping for a good day for her today.
So cool to have my daughter in studio for my radio show today. I still remember going with my parents 2 work when I was a kid.
Order sent to Jennifer in KY!
dude, that was SO funny... ! and right after i got major hiccups! hahahahaah (:
Call me a "goody-two-shoes" or whatever, but I honestly just DON'T find drug use attractive.
Love me or hate me.
bro, cool story
Austin told me last night he couldn't see me being a lawyer bc I'm so happy(:
- our president just told me to hit the twittersphere to save America... so... I guess keep on doin whatchyou're doin.....
a! jealous of all the things!!
TGIF! LOL OMG. IM SO HAPPY IT'S FRIDAY!
Maximilian Schich: humanities data modeling always has to deal with a multiplicity of opinion (not present in say, tax records)
Praying for all of our east coast friends.
HI Bert; my talk was about citizens taking reins of multiple avenues to improve their control of gov, incl feedback loops
ve your level
I couldn't help but worry. D; I thought you died. T.T
im bout to scoop your girl up like a ground ball
its not that people don't have self respect with what they wear its just that you're jealous cause you don't have the body.
Excited to get back to San Diego in about a month!
And we love people who love usable websites! RT : Always exciting to see a new startup in town, like !
Trust me I do
Don't look for your happiness in others, ppl make too many mistakes...
When it comes to numbers...SHAWTY! I do that!
Oh my god I am so confused right now... I need ice cream
Whats the most innocent way to get fired from a job?
If we get 10 Retweets tonight mike will post nudes.
(wrong use of "too"...apologies)
good grades & social life. -.-
You will have to come back & have some more drinks very soon!
But, I'll friend you up here, best of luck in making your film, I'll do my best to track its progress. (big indie film fan)
Watching Too Cute on AnimalPlanet. Newborn Mittens!!!
no its not!!! I never ment to offend you!! gosh me saying tht isn't hating!! look i dnt wanna fight i nvr ment to make u mad
"so we can steam on the way 2 the telly, go fill my belly, tbone steak, cheese eggs and welch's grape"
oh god no. please not him too. >:( wth???
hello, im part of the solid steele radio network. Nice to meet you...:-)
and he has abs. I know you wanna touch his abs.
Re: Suspended- Reason we still need unions! Who has the tchr's back? I UNDERSTAND how he feels! America's WAR on Teachers.
I've been out of school for 10 years, and still "find a partner/group" strikes fear into my heart.
RT : Lots of great photogs here at #iconG about to start beer tasting!
Jesus now Twitter plans to censor their site? Well... As long as it gets rid of the damn egg picture spammers. #TwitterBlackout January 28th
too short
i wanna go home now!! all the things i could be doing in the city on this beautiful day!
Edwin P. Whipple~ An epigram often flashes light into regions where reason shines but dimly.
Fuck was I thinking!
Can't wait to relive the memories with MGS! How enjoyable is it in HD?
I'm the sweetest bitch you'll ever meet c;
"oh wife!" hahah so cute
Rachel Crow is so freakin cute. Amazing voice for a 14 year old.
this was my exact rxn to the finale. i was so incensed i spoiled the series for my phil & race class the next day...
Good call.
Big A done got brand new on me! Lol j/k :)
Do you want some grapes?
I wanna lay on her chest and give her kisses :(
Remember when texting wasn't free?
A week from tomorrow for the next YAA show. Wishing the best for all those nominated.
if you find bugs or want to suggest enhancements to #DPLA code, submit them to
agreed, I detest liars
see you Thursday at west canada?
have fun! I'm glad you will be tweeting the important comments so I won't miss it.
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a movie too.
MY AUNT IS PLAYING WITH MY EMOTIONS, OMFG.
If the purpose of #opengov is to get info out there: play nice. If to gadfly: well done, don't change a thing.
Quite possibly! Thanks!
lol nope but you can teach me(:
Follow the
Bad day.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
Um yeah what are u doing there when you can be with ME (your wife)
Your blog/site looks good! I too have little love for editing, compared to raw writing. Congrats on the book!
if I'm not dead after work tonight I'll visit!
That shits still in my system I guess..
YES “: SHOUT OUT to ! It's his last day at his cube job (FIS) & he is becoming a full time dev!”
You're missing the point. Hard to claim you don't have staff when 25 people were at a conf half an hour away.
I know. Like when they walked across the freezing Russian tundra and had to go all the way back. Like LOL r u dumb
I no this is going to end but until it does, thank u jesus, went in with $40, came out with 1200.00, calder again!
yes skipping the mustard.gloorioussss;) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
& Have a good day! and Thanks for RT!
and my phone I can't get Chris off my mind
That was the most terrifying 15 minutes of my life, but the giant, angry bee is dead. May he burn in bee hell.
I guess when you live around here its different than when your visiting. I Opened an O'Charleys here and the people from Nash
Pitt county GOP convention is underway and the room is energized to #takebackNC!
Troubling too is lack of attention to "sick" baby (description said she has a cold)-only 10 months old-no checking on her?
Slow Down open rehearsal tonight at PushPush. GHOST SHIPS! 6-10
Use promo code C2GHOLIDAY during checkout on www.Clear2O.com for #FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters!
let's get together soon. It has been way too long!
Watched the next round of Operation Rising Star. Don't have a favorite yet...
Thank U beautiful :)
Sounds like heaven RT "jerk chicken taco. #TEJAS"
Idk why but school was pretty awesome today oh wait I didn't have school
finals are over! going home in the morning
Headed to Albuquerque. Going to spend some time there and in Santa Fe with the family and some friends. :)
APSE Client Derrick Mason organizes an informal workout on Tuesday where 27 other Ravens players showed up, including a few rookies!
hey , we'd love to partner with you! if you're interested, we can send more info!
SUMMER KICK-OFF PARTY JUNE 4TH!
": Count so much money my fingers fucking aching !"shouldv let me be ur count machine I love countin money hatin to spend it
Thrilled to be added to the AD100. Thanks !
just received invitation to Google Wave. If you're interested, looks like I can submit a few more invitations to the beta's queue
WTH!? How does gas go up 33 cents from when I left for work this morning at 4:30???
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED its still trending ;)
I hate being sick! Blaahh
Same question for the Polians ....
Damn, yeah I'll trust you with that. I drop my phone so much too. I was kinda leaning towards the HTC anyway. Thanks gurrrrrl!
The #Avengers hits theaters today! If you could be an Avenger for one day, what Avenger would you choose?
i luv u i saw your movie three times in the movie theater oh and i love u so moch!1!(:
College Life when your actively learning .. And succeeding at fulfilling your goals in life!
Friday afternoon and jobs are pouring in for HR Professionals to apply against. www.hrjobboard.com
NOW you can say you're 15 ;)
You are blessed to be a blessing! Congrats to Humanitarian, Broderick Steven (Steve) Harvey!
Learning safe and sound on the uke:)
It finally feels like spring here. :)
Corel(R) WordPerfect(R) Office X6 Expands Suite to Deliver New Time-Saving ... - MarketWatch (press release)
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy - Why, Chick-fil-A Biscuits of course!
last time for the first day of classes.
William H Macy wrote this episode he's such an amazingly talented individual.
"Keep Calm Carry On" by
And i think that should be the goal of everyone, no matter their body size, is to feel healthy, whole, complete
Y we gotta play spurs y we cant play lakers let thunder play spurs
RT : I saw the renderings for It will be a phenomenal use of an otherwise unusual slice of land. Can't wait.
I'm doing okay. How about you?!
Summertime grind #freedomoutreach is on it
yeah I know.. i think I'm going to bed pretty soon :'(
The Spurs passing is unbelievable
Negra mas fina = a more refined black
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever!! :D #PutyouHeartsUpDecember20th <U+2665>
help us with this local peace officer memorial Rt please
#SMBmad I am hiding at the back of the conference room with tweetdeck open and plugged in! will chirp in as I see the opening!
Watching #GleeremembersWhitney It's a really good memorial.
so, uh, I've started watching Doctor Who.
You know someone loves you when they buy you a big bag of takis! Thanks
I expect a full recap over drinks!
Anytime you can play Nick Lowe's "Crackin Up! From your "old time" request girl from the early 80's! Have a great summer! *Lisa
Come visit Pleasant Farms and for Sunday's Pilsen Community Market, next week!
Sunday had a great dinner salmon, red snapper, clams and of course mussels entree's..excellent..great ambi..Chef Ronnie
Graduates within the past year, Web Design students...we(I) need your ARTimation entries!
hell and you too!!
We lead people. We manage stuff. Difference between leaders and managers.
Catch the ball JONES!
sounds good! Will be looking into new gear this summer
please email me to let me know if you are going to be able to help with this matter.
Perkins gonna get heated with somebody this series I know it.
you a fool cuz tha keep it poppy n low budget I jammin we can collab we always down
#mymomtaughtme To eliminate the smell of onion or garlic from your hands, grab with your fingers the handle of a stainless steel spoon...
fingers crossed that everything turns out okay. thoughts and prayers.
Cool. Where is it and when?
Yep. I'm still in the Milwaukee-area.
Why do I capitalize "Communism" and not "capitalism"? Capitalism has enough capital.
Gonna go buy me a tortaaa
damn three more days until we welcome the newset Miami Dolphin
#IfMBWasOnPunkd should see this maybe it'll give them a clue we want them there!!!!!!
WAFFLE HOUSE!!
Wish the ozone would hurry up and and burn up so it will be summer all year round I hate the cold
Who wants a Bamsmash sticker? DM me your address and name. :)
I really, really, REALLY hate "Contact Us" forms. Really. They make my job as a producer at that much more difficult.
The weather is cold again. To combat this -- be extra polite today. It'll make u feel all warm inside!
The past is now.
I am mature!
do you know when the RSVP date for the Olympic gold pack will be , or playoff 12 date is . And its a random time correct?
Hell no, it doesn't mean immunity. It means if you suddenly decide it's not cool, you say, know what, I just decided this & we >
Mental Health Association in Wichita KS helping people every day!
No joke, my van drives better than any SUV in the snow.
Working Turner Hall for LIGHTS. Sadly, the people waiting in line look to be about 12. This is not gonna bode well for my desire to drink.
ohh nah thats ok we can guess it out for ourselves, i want them to be unique
He wanted my number but I just walked away :)
Winner, Winner Tulip dinner from another attendee RT : Wow I won a free dinner at Tulip and a great Photoshop World book at !
New alpinestars shoes came in!
I'm done. Too damn tired and annoyed.
I feel your pain
Yep that's what I meant. Perfect. If you email me at we can set something up.
I ordered Cuban.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 28
Guess was spot on!! Not so sure about the loss though?!?
Rule No. 451: No additional valuable information comes from the question-and-answer session.
If you can't find a reason to wake up this morning, don't bother going to sleep until you find a reason for tomorrow.#life is short
BTW, we have been cranking out records lately..., , , , and the rest of the fam!
IF U AINT WINNIN DEN U LOSEIN AND I DNT NEVA LOSE! JUST ASK ABOUT ME
I can't believe today is really the last day =(! My mornings will never be the same.
Early #cardio. Then work work work.
Told the guy at burger king that I had diabetes because he didn't like give me an option of what kind of drink I wanted
“: Congratulations to for being accepted to GASCAP.” I laughed. Good one!
yup yup. Ron's used tires $65 special.
Hopkins Coaches getting ready to speak at football clinic this morning in Scranton, Pennsylvania
Folks, connectivity is making Papa cranky, so I'm adopting the new convention of (M) = Mauler, (R) = Rottenchester, (J) = jammer, (L) = lead
will do!
#thevoice should be crazy for letting that Juilette Simms sing Crazy by Ceelo...She sound Crazy
RT Shout out to my new followers #PackerNation #GoPack!!!!
pitchers are only $6 tonight. As if you needed another reason to drink on a Monday.
Waaaaah! Sounds GREAT! Going to a clambake in CT...
do you miss me? ;)
I am bursting at the seams with excitement to show you all this movie! :). What a great night at the studio.
Thx for linking the nyt story, hope all's wonderful in SF, need to plan a trip out there soon.
it shows up on mine so stoves phone must be toasty
C'mon lob city!
Kinect allows players to play using gestures and spoken commands, without using any controller at all
because true friends are people you can consider your other half.....
Lean into the discomfort.
Perfect!RT : So glad the #49ers game will fit right between #Gorman-#findlay and #UNLVMBB- #UNM next Saturday! Right ?
Morning dolls
"The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
If that ball was a doughnut J.P. wouldn't have dropped it.
Age you lost virginity? Send pic
Father Schall's "Last Lecture" reinforced the importance of studying Latin and Greek for the last four years
Assured me he wasn't a serial killer, but that's exactly what a serial killer would say
I don't need any more inspiration for my senior project other than graduation.!
I'm so sleepy lolol
No wonder it looked jacked! I knew it would have felt better in 2D.
It post to be hotter tomorrow. Okay...
HE HAS A GIRLFRIEND? oh. well I didn't know this
Evan now is about rooting for teams that play against the Rangers, Knicks and Yanks.His new "adopted" team now is the Devils
Tell ur FAVORITE BARS/RESTAURANTS they get FREE ADVERTISING if they send us their info & website link to RNO4U between now & Dec 1st!
My mom said I can't go out for a month <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> Lol what's a avi ? I've been wondering..
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own
“A man that treats his girl like a Princess shows that he was raised by a Queen.” ~
Ready for
This could appear uncomplicated, but you need to give customers what they want, not what you believe they want.
Today's all ready starting off shitty. Should go back to bed and wake up again...
To all who were spamed via DM, about Godfather when I was hacked!! Please and tell them so. I really am sorry I was hacked!
whats wrong with that? I'm sure if kony smoked weed he wouldn't be as uptight
I believe so. Olive Garden mixes there's with a fruit but if you want, you can sub it for V8 concord raspberry grape juice...
@ my brothers art show.. I'm proud of him doing big things out here!
not their personals. Maybe Braiden's but the other, no. The band will follow you at random times
Aaight, that's fine cause I was Cheating on you Anyway ..
There are incredible restaurants opening all the time. Let us know where you end up next time you're in town.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.° Aesop A #lifecoach becomes an alliance partner.
Going to try and go to sleep... This pain is comming back OMG mii stomach
I'm the kid who blocks there own family members on facebook?
I'm just.... yeah. I need today to be over. Times a million.
FYI ima kill that beat for you bet that
every night lol
Friday..... Tired
"I am confident in my abilities to successfully succeed!" We should all take advice from Spongebob, really.
I just passed by your house. I better see you next time.
I have grand plans for site combining Wikipedia/curatorial/visitor sharing content in one contextualized space.
stopped by school yesterday just because i didnt have to be there
#Health #Tip: Taking a walk? Kick it up a notch with hill work. Short bursts of vigorous exercise may help protect against cell aging.
whhhhoooooooo!!!!!! It's been a longtime
it appears today is that day, the one day a year, where i go to bed at 730pm.
Yes. :) JOHNNY GRUESOME and CARNAGE ROAD were me having fun. The Jake Helman Files is more like my life's work.
Congrats to on winning a Pulitzer! Keep up the great work.
I'm done trying. If you want me in your life, let me know. Bye.
business is great...next time im in MIA
tonight? it said it was in 5 days
when he opens his arms and holds u close 2night, it just wont feel right, cos i can love you more than this! RT if u love this song<U+2665>
I hope xD.
Who wants a house mix!?!
Follow me
The Voice. Best TV logo.
WHOO! GO GIANTS!
#CP3 simply amazing
#TY for the
Same outfit as Kate Upton I assume? RT : Just tried doing the cat daddy. Pretty sure I pulled something.
Janz says women's initiative in Bosnia broke the ice needed for peace. supported such measures.
Being that the Lakers won't blow games in crunch time as much as Dallas, I got OKC in 6. Maybe 5.
To accomplish great things, we must not only dream, but plan and act, and most importantly BELIEVE in yourself.
Punk wins! :D
so cute!
Had a great weekend up north!!!! Now back to work, should be an interesting week, but I might learn something...
Yes, I love Madonna classics :)
I'm jealous!
is thinking that I just saw one of the cheesiest soul patches ever.
your a bigger poop head :*
RT if you love those perfect nights when the #Orioles win and the #RedSocks & #Yankees both lose!
i failed at hacking many people so ima stop trying and start throwing their phones instead FAIL!!!!!!!!
The biggest night of music <U+266B>
I FOLLOW BACK YALL!!!!
Congratulations Kelly Scott! I love you and I'm very proud of you!
St. John's hanging w/Miami Hurricanes at halftime...Oh wait. Sorry. It's actually Knicks-Heat. My bad.
AH i have over 30 followers! RT me for more??
Huge footers generally a best practice?
I want to be brave. I want to be strong. I want to believe I'm where I belong.
Three more days until the sports talk revolution begins
What do you wanna bet that the wait times are much longer for cable customers that want to cancel/downgrade than those who want to upgrade?
Omg , iWas So Gone . But So Hype When My High Wore Off -___- Hahaa !
Anyone read Diane di Prima's Memoirs of a Beatnik? Quite something. Like the obverse Anatole Broyard, though even more fictive.
Feasting on Animal Crackers. Where did the monkeys go? Didn't Shirley Temple sing about them being in the group?
I don't care what you say I just can't take you seriously
Yay today is the last day of march lol march was the longest month of my life lol
You definitely took the high road.
Hater! : Nope. “: I want a personalized tag for my car. ISQRTREMY...THAT'S HOT HUH?”
Come on Brewers! Beat the Cubbies!!!!
Francis Gurry, D-G of #WIPO, at #InternetSociety #GlobalINET says purpose of #IPR is not to favor one business model over another.
Canon 5d mark i #itsready question is #whosready? inbox or email
and I trusted you.
Thank you so much! If you have any other subject you would like covered or questions you have please let me know. :)
RT : No one should die because they can not afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. Agree? RT.
Thanks for the retweets!
how are you
come on Prince..... time to shine here!
Melting pot with Happy anniversary baby(:
Ohmygawd the singer is so hawt
loving that song sweet disposition by kade actually hooked me on that band
so glad we're talking bout @ #immvt his work really applicable in k12 & hiEd
No plans for #Easter Sunday? Join us for an a la carte brunch w/ specials including Prime Rib, Lamb Benny and Tuna Nicoise Dial 303.312.3107
US and Brazil both lose. Bummer! Congrats to Japan and Paraguay. A great day for soccer fans!
Movie recommendation is Brad Dourif in "Child's Play"
I wanna go to LSU
ouch. Let me know if I can help!
Happy New Year to you and your families from all of us at Wine-ing on the Weekends!
yo, it's all good. We gonna get up in that ass next time lol
Why, thank you! Yes, it's important to look into a mirror and say self delegating thoughts! Thank you for the reminder. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I am feeling the love from with all the K+ on Thanks So Much you guys!
What is up with all these stupid words being made up?! Can we not speak English?!
Opening Day #TavernoftheGame: Captain's Sports Bar and Grill in Eastman.
can you ask Brandi? Suz is coming but might be late.
It's gonna be a long lazy day ahead.
hmm interesting that is a lot faster
I love Eleanor Holmes Norton.
Arizona and Compton Magic teams win Elite 8 in Glendale Az
Legislature. Citizens from all over the state have commented on fresh and accurate the news stories were during this 90 day session.
Ruffle chips with mustard(: #thebestfoodever!
Today is brought to you by the letter B! Boobs, booty and booze!
well, i'm off to buy some wine. there's no way i'm putting two kitchen chairs together sober.
How long the video has to be?
can't wait to hear
HAVE A GREAT DAY THERE
Content Marketing Tip - Varying Media Types - Don’t just rely on one specific style of delivery for your content
you'll never know unless you ask, Megan!
We really need to figure out who the hacker was. This wasn't appreciated at all k.
Sidney Prescott is my favorite! :)
hey so..your from venezuela ??
Not sure of your taste. Check veareflejos, poboh, and journalofanobody.
I haft to be more sensitive to her heart and feelings.
"The Earth does not belong to us, we belong to the Earth." - bumper sticker on my neighbor's car
Help me get to 50,000 followers by Walking with me on Twitter! ----Follow me--- on the journey Across America and ask others to Follow me 2!
Maybe work on your Spanish?
Can people find you on #Google? can help you with your #SEO and #online #reputation!
shout out to
As long as you know
you won't play will you?
Thank you :)
Titanic in 3D:) with and
Thanks for helping New Orleanians de-stress with $10 #RestorativeYoga classes during the month of May
if you decide to start them, I have the second two in pdf form I can email to you. I read the original fan fic for the 1st
This = Annoying: "Hey Jonathan, did you have a good day?" "Yep." "Are you sure, tell me if you didn't."
Don't shrink to someone else's version of you ... every day presents a new opportunity to be a bigger, bolder, happier you!
I'ma take a shower, I'll call you back when I get out. Try to upload the pics!
She never works out and she's a perfectionist! RT : The fact that follows me makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside
Omg these animals are annoying
#RETWEET IF yu seen BabyBoy PlayersClub Four Brothers and Love and Basketball.<U+2665>
One of the first things I say to a girl after I meet her is, "I don't want to be your friend." Would probably sound cooler from someone else
Dream chasing.
back in sunny LA but the weather isn't that different from Michigan. #winter?
I've been thinking about you too much.
drinking champagne, listening to Elvis and folding laundry. What does this mean?!
Hm should I go tomorrow?
teach me how to make some please
Thinking back on #2011 and man it has been a whirl wind of ups and downs ready for
My smiles are not fake...there real, and I always make someone's day by making them smile and laugh. ^_^
Hahaha 10 minute mile is my average. I guess I'm going for distance not so much speed. Miss your face!
www.funformobile.com is the best website for friends, ringtones, full songs, jpgs, gifs, games and much more....
Hey you! How you b?
So I def read what you put on brys wall an I just died laughing ! You made my day ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
from what I can tell it has to do w/ being more globally flexible...
Store spaghetti or your fav pasta in an old Pringles can.
How about stop the whole "tax the rich shit" because the major globalist elite have all their wealth tax-free , off-shore anyway.
TAYLOR ISSUES<3
That's an Ethan Allen quote, isn't it? - DvL
that will be be what I scream if they don't leave ne alone!!
Bender's awesome.
haha yeah! It's tough work these coaches are killing us
That was simply awesome! Reds leading 8-0.
No SR+ for collecting data and tons of SR+ for anecdotal reports="Data is unnecessary" argument. Need to fix this
Christmas is coming! We hope everyone is getting their last bit of shopping wrapped up and are starting to feel warm and gooey inside.
I'm guessing sales at tech firms...
We think DNS.com's hyperlocal geoIP is a great alternative. If interested, pls DM or email for specs.
I'm all alone at the dog park on a beautiful afternoon (apart from my dogs, that is). Where is everybody?
Working til 8:30 and getting home at 9 sucks... Only 30 min for homework >:|
Ah, there was a spider on my bed :o
I wouldnt worry too much about that Vernon prick, he is a Sun reader after all
I respect that tho lol!! Atleast you can say your team is in the playoffs and that's all that matters in my book
“It is important that you teach your disciples to pray.”
Think outside of the box.Your past is not your friend! It is time to focus on the future! You will have a prosperous day!
Yea I just posted it
Oh, how I miss
who tryna get tatted its serious over here 3106141754
Haha, the more the merrier! Thanks for the help.
Thank god is back on TV in the US. Angry Boys is genius.
hey do u think im hot?
. don't think so...that's just too "frontal". You'd be picking a fight when a smoother approach would suffice .
Put ma phone on silent so i can KO w/ creature <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I might talk to him
RT : Selecting "Imagine Your Future" essay/video/audio contest was tough yesterday!
Don't forget that the library will be closed tomorrow for spring break, but we'll be open again on Sunday from 10-7. See you then!
awww I miss that little cutie!
bruh! How are you doing
very very legal to do everything besides drink!
So I went to Nye's, thinking I'd finally meet , but alas, not meant to be. Unless she'll be at 's BiblioBash?
with practice I will too lol
- How mundane.
I get confused too haha I'm About to change mine
Drive through when the highway is screwed.
Walkin on the trail exercising
I'm on the mood for a summer rain storm
movie night <3
What's up wit that?!?
Shopping at Smiths just scored me a 50 cent off per gallon discount. Just filled up my whole tank for less than $40. Nice.
AMC aired a new reality show, The Real World: Advertising..err...The Pitch. What were everyone else's thoughts?
Holy cold
absolutely! Was just talking to mum about it today, actually. Don't know when yet tho. Are you working up there again?!
Only one day left to use our 20% Exclusive Facebook Discount Code "facebook2012". Don't hesitate, less than 24 hours left!
loved meeting today. what an inspirational, lovely soul.
So can the US laws be overruled by laws of "a" church? If so what's the difference between the US and Iran?
You're rude and smell
Glad you had a good time - We look forward to seeing you again soon!
Its so different without out a phone...but ill have a new one by Friday
You can dot go with me. Tomorrow afternoon. I'm totes going.
thanks everyones been saying that
": You still mean the world to me, but I've realized you are not worth the pain anymore."
Fuxk the other BS
omg I'm crying from laughing so hard!
I'm sorry, I puked.
Just got back .Sounds like we had some Masters wildness.Was like Easter unplugged .No tweets ,no scores. No charge. Arrrgh.
haha thank God for no more dorm life
What's your advice for fishing the Lower Salt? I'd like to go this week. Where is best place to park?
. guess all that orange is affecting your math skills
For a refreshing change when it comes to managing your business telecoms... Call Globalnet Telecom. 0844 880 2010
now you can enjoy a funfilled summer
i do care... but this is my only twitter account now. ;) what kind of cake was it exactly? sugar free?
Wonkbook: 'Death is very likely the single best invention of life.’
Gracias, mis amigos en España, que son los creadores de la justicia. The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
Food for thought: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt.... Think about it.
I swear I be watch t.v with my niece and her cartoons be having us both looking at the t.v like this --> O_O lol
let me know when to be there
hi! :P lol
congratulations to Octavia Spencer for her Oscar win
RT : I did a good 7 journalism internships. And only 2 of them were paid. One of them did pay me in food
mike Sherman
Are you ready for my cookbook, Dalmatian Cooking? Tomorrow is a big day.
Trial starts in case of former SD cop accused of molesting women. Prosecutor says evidence shows guilt on all 21 counts.
I completely agree. It's not nearly a "social" conference, just talks about social.
Good morning and happy Tuesday.
This is it
yea but, you've been liking cheese more
all this super 6D shit in the future. :D
I really want one of those mugs I'm seeing in 's latte art pics, but alas I live too far away to steal one myself.
Someone go to the gym with me tomorrow!
Rally cap!
He's actually only cute by afar or by surprise.. Haha
is tomorrow! Rally your friends and support your favorite charity (us!) as part of our community’s biggest day of giving this year.
thank you! awesome.
Walgreens tryna say my doctor didn't send my papers! Bitch yes they did n I know this cuz I was in the room when he did it!
looking at dates as we speak for a summer getaway to NYC ;) will keep ya posted!
It's been a long time since a fiction book has kept me page turning like Already wanting the next in the series.
What a beautiful evening to enjoy Happy Hour or dinner on our patio! Join us!
posing with a fan Is that guy in the back w/ Nike ready to confiscate that girl's Iphone?
new grill bought, meat, beer...it is game day! go Sporting KC!
I love my livescribe! I use it as an ITRT in planning with teachers. I later print my notes to OneNote and sync these with my Ipad
Thanks for the RT
forget the "snow day dance".... I'm doing the "last day of school dance".
YES! And Adobe has no plans of bringing it all together. They really need some competition.
No, not I Love Lucy, but Amos and Andy! Cain promotes racism yet tells AfrAmericans they are "Brainwashed" 2 vote for
Yes. Now to find the right card with so many options. I'll check into the Business Platinum today. Thx
Awesome article! thank you!!
:Enjoy N.O.! Check out some of the beautiful southern homes.
OK, for sure! See you tomorrow. You joining us for dinner AND the game?
only you would say that Fitzy
Is not life a hundred times too short for us to bore ourselves? Friedrich Nietzsche
I want to celebrate my success, late April or early May. Anyone have any good suggestions?
omg that's going to be me next year girl... I'm investing in mace asap <U+E113><U+E14C><U+E00D>
you all are!
I wouldn't worry, knowing my cubs so far this season you guys will gain a lead by the seventh. Long season ahead for the cubbies
i dont get it... do people get famous because of how they look or who they know?what happened to talent?!?! smh
RT : We are officially open downtown!!
If we can’t laugh at life, we are in big trouble. How true this is :-)
no huuuuuun, I'm gonna pass, plus I had no idea about lunch.
learning the droid
Sexy and still sensible, at least with her organic food choices. That's one more reason to love
It it just me or does hot chocolate make your pee smell too?
Thanks for the tip. We're just getting started on Twitter as well.
RT : What do you think you should be outsourcing as an entrepreneur? Here are 10 things from -...
Great show!
Cville restaurant friends: Anyone doing dishes that use "holiday" ingredients like eggnog, gingerbread, etc? Or know of any? For a story.
I see your already building are house ;)
Cracking up at these #PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight LMFAOO
I miss when said #hatersgonnahatemahomiesgonnalove </3
they don't want to kill off their total audience all at once with their boring debate format
#OneMillionMoms proves you don't need to b smart in order to reproduce.
Hm i wonder why ;) mr duck face!! As you see in my icon. :P RT : Ooh heads sore this morning!
Heading to Stax Museum in Memphis
if you reading this , go follow ! she's pretty :) SHE'LL FOLLOW BACK
: RT : Another banger in the books w/
RT : Hawks win! Oliver Gabriel scores twice to lead the Hawks to a 3-2 Game 6 win! Game 7 is tomorrow at 5 p.m. local time!
hahaha twins ;P I tried to duct tape it..... That didn't work.
Happy Birthday your graphics have come a long way since 1982 :)
In Media Res asked me to submit something about THE HUNGER GAMES. :: want me to pass it on to you, too?
Sent letter. Yes! Still haven't eaten lunch. Office hours start in 3 minutes. Om nom nom.
My gf comes Thursday, she's so excited
#Royals you forgot to get Dyson home. #yankees v
wise man told me dnt argue wit fools ppl like u from distance cnt tell who is who
Dined o'er a festive week's end Dined with family, dined with friend Dined in public eatery Dined parasitic misery
Join us Sat & Sun 12-6pm for Annual Holiday Open House. Free hot mulled Wine, Food Samples, Wine & merchandise Sales, gift ideas, and more!
back at ya
I hate getting out at 11:30 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
So I REALLY DONT CARE...I JUST WANT TO GRADUATE AND BE DONE
Kids are finding Stack the Countries to be much harder than Stack the States. That's why we have an old-fashioned invention called a globe!
The "New Mexico 100 years of statehood" insert in the today is awesome! Go get a paper today! A definite must have!
Weekend trip cut short unexpectedly. Not happy about it at all. Now what?
I have a feeling today is gonna suck.
hey stranger!
you cry to fucking much its not my fault you cant man up
how much did you put on him? Bet you were pounding cervazas trying to forget that loss
Just finished filming some comedy with After fourteen pregnancy tests and half a box of Cocoa Puffs - I think we did good.
Babysitting again.
well said!
Thank you - glad you enjoyed the book "Why Forgive?"
Proud that you're going. Sad this is your first game. lol. Have fun!! Brush up on your French curses. :D
Freddie Mercury is one of the best rock n roll singers ever!
Okay So I Need A Crew To Audition With Next Year For ABDC, Who Wants To Join?
i dont want to die in a hole:)
Thanks! Just put one on hold to see if I can figure it out.
no one but they all think they do. Ya they vote but honestly r they botherin nyone by gettin married really!
Roundabouts are such a waste of gas!
It's #SlanderCJWatson Day on the Morning Show... If you still pissed about last night's Bulls Defeat tweet us at !
One problem thought about TNA going live: Is location. I rather see it going on the road, it would help the ratings.
Just drove through what seemed like a thick wall of smoke. Couldn't see in front, no visibility. #baltimore #fire hair smells like fire
. I just unfollowed a few of those tweeps last night.
congrats on five years! Battleship Retention.
:) Happy Friday!
This Hawks/Yotes series is fucking nuts!!! Most entertaining series in the post season so far.
have you found your photo double yet?
I'm curious...why do you say "live" in quotations instead of just live without...makes me think you're not live then lmao!
Just failed my french map test for the second time.
but when you don't even force a guy into a 3-ball count until the 9th, you're not playing big-league ball.
I dont think you're far off there. Wouldn't surprise me.
Im following you:) now you should follow me?
probs gonna loose like 10 followers.
Back from Milwaukee. Loaded with Lakefront and Sprechers and New Glaurus. They focus on drinkability. Such a difference.
Just got done filming our first music video. Stay tuned for the Redemption video coming soon !..!,
Slow dev server is slllllooooowwwww
the dog ate my home food.
Thanks for the mention and the add to yesterdays Cleveland Soldiers Gazette. Very nice.
Ahh!(: only like 6 minute till
congratulations prepare to get spammed with finishline shit in your email bahahaha :)
I see you can sang aight aight! Ha
Good Morning! Today's lunch specials: carne con papas (costa rican style stew), BBQ pulled pork sandwich & Italian Wedding Soup.
r u gonna print it?
follow me please?(:
like walmart and the automobile industry for example.
Laying down a new track!
I used to be #TheHottestGirlinOkolona!!!
Ahwoo! Glad you are enjoying TUG (note the acronym...)
wanna come to deb banquet friday?
Rushing home after #work to make it to for our event w/ M.U.E.A.What am I going to wear?
Why does the moving directv box never hit the corner?
Seriously awesome slices from Vedo's in Shorewood (capitol/Oakland)
I disagree... I need a good laugh.
Thanks! Really great coffee today as usual!
Read list of ingredients RT : 51% of children's food products have fruit on the box but no fruit inside.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: It is not wise to have one attorney try to represent both spouses in a divorce even in a mediation setting.
I'm always excited on fridays because of 1 boy & his Ustreams, yep. That's
They installed a soul into Betty
#Cancer the country MB will take you to: Costa Rica
Who is ready for the new album? I know I am :D
I hate when we have to play in OKC
I believe Bobby Petrino when he says his affair ended in February. Its totally normal to take an ex-mistress on a leisurely motorcycle ride.
still haven't finished my project...
wth is that!
You get full access to the site, unlimited downloads for a yr. RT : Hey what's included with your free membership.
boo boo in my belly. ick. gotta stop the writing train from going any further down the tracks tonight. 112k. big day in the AM, stay tuned
Just in time for the Holiday Season! Host a party on nov 11th or 12th and receive and receive $25in passion cash or a Bullet Gift set!!
OMG!!!! I forgot about my white friends! Ally Becky Alanna Megan Sormeh Swisher Noah & Drew. I miss yalllll!!!!:)
i can drop u back whenever bc i gota hit the gym, let u know
Like the 1960's? Then this week is your week: www.midcenturymobler.com
i should be doing my online classes right now
setting up my first twitter account finally lol
Unreal weather in #LA! Oh wait... stuck in the damn office.
i love him.
Michele, Shel, Shelley: live it up girl, it's yo day. Respect.
I just finished your survey, good luck!
HashtagBadAssOverHere! -.- I wish.
I wanna go home ._.
Houston Hoops over South Florida Elite 56-43 (OT)
The only time I need to be at school early, my bus is late. :/
luv you best friend! I luv our talks <3
pahahahaha I can't argue wit that
Lesson from HIMYM: Nothing good happens after 2am
Community Meal tonight at 6:30 and organizational meeting for Occupy Charlottesville.
Welcome to the dark side.
Happy Valentine's Day baby!! ;-)
Tonight at Cool Daddy's, in Myrtle Beach, with: Chinese Fire Drill, Bamboo Forest, and The Slobz. Tickets $5.
I keep asking myself if it's all my fault. I think it is. I gotta do better. More #coffee & less #sleep should be the trick! :D
I hope a Spaniard scores the game winning OT goal against the Caps next round...
Hey, congrats on getting your degree. Very cool, man. Good for you.
Marta Washington's "excellent cake" has ale & yeast! Founding fathers ate their cake & ale too!
i have felt like crap all day....bout to go sleep....tomorrow better be better....
Half of part 6 (of 14) of Big Annual Feature written, which is much more than I expected to get done today.
They might. I look into it once I'm officially a student.
Nightline segment: "Macho men who LOVE cats"
'Hammers and Vogues' by Stalley is probably one of my favorite tracks from him. Definitely one of his best tracks in general, though.
why are u telling me haha?
Dear John :)
I know this sounds awful but it's true, if you receive a gift from me it probably means I didn't want it.
lol , why cant you ?
Re fucking tweet one time : I'll take this past year as a learning experience. Time to grow up.
great! Glad to hear it! Well let's see, I just finished up at my local community college, I'm going to ASU in the fall,
Monday is here already. We're getting your week started right on
I just realized that and 's new cd's both come out on March 27th! Best Buy here I come :)
yes, definitely. I can drop it off this weekend or Monday. Which ever works better for you :)
I just want to get a puppy already so I can name that bitch Sofia >:)
The coast is calling. This I assure you.
Hair is all gone holy hell
Just received a great referral!! Thank you Lisa!!
Hi Chris, thanks for the follow!
We love our Friends of Xactly. Join our FOX program and reap rewards for your support.
You're welcome !
How about an alternate history suspense about the civil rights movement in the Confederate States of America?
- Is it standard practice to not have heard back from anyone at #uverse? Still no resolution since noon today.
oh okay lol. Voting now (:
good girl always always<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
Are there any white female rappers out there? If so I would love to hear your music!
<3 gonna see my baby today <3 :)
Goodluck to my dad starting his new job tomorrow! Cant wait to see whats in store for us!
Yeah, sorry buddy. If you want to make a proof pic. I'll accept it. *shrugs* Gotta be cautious on the web.
Todd: "There is no problem America can't invent its way out of of." We are reinventing healthcare through grassroots mojo.
Gonna get.my haircut n take a drive out of Milwaukee
Thank god it's #AUSTREAM Friday!!!
Folk complaining about TSA, seem to have forgotten about planes crashing into three buildings, 3000+ deaths, shoe and underwear bombers.
Happy best holiday ever from the best Irish American city ever!
Remember to VOTE today!
The day I made that statement, about the inventing the internet, I was tired because I'd been up all night inventing the Camcorder
Dear Boys, Where Not A Puppet? We Your Girl. Treat Us With Love, Respect, Dignity. Let Us Feel Like Where The Only Girl In The World Love Us
#GoodMorning....ppl..#8dayz to go bare wit it
Amazing!!! Must watch now :)
I'm not even going to lie no I sure didn't will u send me the link again and I will check it out right now!
Time to fucking beg >.<
I can't tell you how many times I start typing a tweet & hit 140 characters half way through my thought and then just say "fuck it!"
just don't regret whatever you do. Because what you chose, was chosen for a reason.
#np Cater 2 U - Destiny's Child.
I've said this before, but they're afflicted with arrogance in victory and fatalism in defeat. That's why the swings are so great
Oh shit, it's Friday.
Over thinking things<<<<
Remember when you said you would protect me no matter what ? You fucking liar .
Rewatched Watchmen last night. It was a bit more comprehensive, which sadly made it a bit less enjoyable.
i have my phone at pool
Thanks for the support !!!!!
Who got money to blow follow back
oh good, thanks. im glad you like it.
needs to come watch football with me #That'dBeSweet
Little goals each and every day leads to great accomplishments
These shoes are pretty amazing. I want to run with them on. So light and springy. Like being on the moon.
Paramount Public Relations is looking to hire an unpaid intern from 9-5 p.m., 15-20 hours a week, or 2-3 days a week. Tasks include writing…
hey follow me plz
Well, the dinos come through these wormhole things. They're secondary to the people plots though.
Common conference theme: RMs need to step up, initiate, be involved upfront in business processes and decision making.
Chester Main 133 regd, plzzz have 350+ ppl by the time I start back day 2
I'll try not to disappoint! lol
stoners watching soccer?...i had no idea. wonder what Jamarcus Russell is watching?
thanks for the follow!
that awk moment when im short with blue eyes and short black hair
if it s sub then to be within IRS guidelines u need to have ur own business and bill them for ur hours. Just a thot
I cant wait for my #nba2k12 update at midnight..
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses. ~Ziggy
I'll thank my mother today for being a pro life 18 yr old woman.
Give gift officers goals for interaxns with donors per month so they have something to strive towards #apra va
Buy her a hair iron; it's the gift that keeps on giving.
it was actually great! Good group, engaged, smart questions... AND they gave me flowers. #RIT rocks!
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I’ve ended up where I needed to be. -Douglas Adams
I have spent 3 hours in a plane but haven't gone anywhere.
(only if we have to ) I mean sounds like fun ! Lol
RT "Be real. Be real time. Social media magic happens when you fix the problem while a guest is still in your care."
This article I was reading was so awful I literally stopped reading after the final punctuation mark.
I was there. Sorry I missed you. You snooze, you loose...but, I got to hug , so, my night was kinda perfect.
Rain rain keep fallin down down down on me. Well MOO MOO, we still have fish a cookin on the grill! Git on down to the Cow now! Giddy Up
I'm happy she found me ;)
Trish I have not been able to retweet your tweets.. Check your privacy settings just BC it's helpful to get feedback that way;)
Love you =/
will you be nice and let me follow again? Tis the season.
isn't bad to masturbate at work or something?
got back from a hottub where i finished by doing 25 pushups on my back porch in the rain naked. appropriate #yolo usage sry im not sry
Morgana, thanks for following!
We want to know where YOU enjoy your #ecigs! @ Vapors Ecigs and share your experience!
There are sockets along the left brick wall if you're looking at the stage. There are a couple of open chairs near them, too.
my favorite of the series.
Just heard #Nickelback is on an area tour.... I find it hard to believe they have 20,000 fans total, let alone in one city!
that's definitely something I would follow. have a great weekend! :)
Lisa's negotiation skills are cracking me up! She took Teresa to the cleaners on those models.
I'm laughing at everyone tweeting "happy birthday," guys his birthday isn't till August
I need to brush my teeth before I make out with morrissey.
I once made #slowcooker chili that had consistency of refried beans. Learned lesson about importance of sufficient liquid!
I can't wait to hear your opinion (good or bad :D). And yes, it's the first one I've written.
Follow the homie --->
Happy Birthday to Johnny Depp <U+2665>, he's my favorite actor! :)
-How exciting!! Can't wait! #fashionstar! xox
ALT, Inc. Introduces High-Efficiency Monolithic LED Driver Technology
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character. Emerson -- love this.
Thanks for the follow Matt!
Fish Tacos! Pan-seared cod in butter & jerk seasonings, served on three tortillas with avocado mango coleslaw and cilantro lime sour cream
Chillen on the top floor
oh great I didn't ;))
I used to tell girls I was risk-free when I was in high school
Now taking my 4th dose of Nyquil of the day. Fever's finally gone down. Being sick blows :(
lots of advice! More than 140 characters. Send us an email at and we'll help you out.
Good Morning World lol ; )
you watch that! Don't say anymore. It's recorded.
not shit was good wit you
I try to limit my looking at pictures of you until I notice you changed ur twitcon weeks later
EL and IC was better than I thought. Haven't seen artist yet but the ones I've seen are most average crop in yrs
Where did you go for Spring Break 2012? South Padre Island was ranked #4 in the nation! We had a ton of bookings here!
Ok. Yes, I know Shibuya. At the heart of Tokyo. I'd love to visit it. It looks amazing! It is where Harajuku is.
RT : Happy Women's History Month!
I wish there was a throwback cartoonnetwork channel... Where I could watch Johnny Bravo, Ed Edd and Eddy, and Dexter
Great point! Come see your team lose 1-0, 2-1, 3-2 games! Can't beat that excitement!
I hate this job :(
My first community association meeting in Detroit. Mt Elliot Business & Community people really bring it. I'm so inspired by our neighbors!
That was the best completely random Ric Ocasek sighting I've ever had.
Tmrw anybody else's favorite day of the week?
Marisa is the deal!!! Everyone at northside fiat is happy to help you at anytime, thanks for stopping in
thanks! isn't Pinterest the best? You know there is an app for that? You can enjoy on the iPhone.
Is it just me, or is #Obama2012 sounding like #McCain2008 ? We need a real leader #Romney who will focus on the economy.
People gathered in the rain at Lawrence and Main St. in Smithtown to remember Courtney Sipes in a candlelight vigil 2 yrs. after an accident
G'night Capitan!
I Got Problems Bitch I Don't Have Yellow Eyes 4 No Reason.Its Problems Bitch.
Like which country am I fit to run now that I have seventy pounds of caramel coursing through my veins instead of blood
you can't prove a negative.
Thanks for the RT! - rec'd our club shipment today- can't wait to try the #chenin blanc!
Mel and I will be there...yay
Aw thank you so much!!! You have always been by our side. Can't wait to tackle the travel market together!
spotted on Brady drive by
I know that now -_-
Dear thanks for making so easy to search for your coupons online! saved 40% + 15% instantly in #sandiego mission valley!
Don't feel god:/
nice to meet you to
fuck you. Happy nigga old man
“We are all selfish machines and we all have natural tendencies to want, love, and take”-Vic Fuentes
don't forget W spoke grand words about freedom but supported the Syrian regime, and Lybian
And the verdict is 2 ear infections and a sinus infection... Awesome...
I'm always going to be your second choice friend...what's the point?
Sometimes you don't realize you care for someone, until they stop caring for you.
Idiot says what? Milwaukee DA, but ALSO Milwaukee FBI probe/investigation. Google a beautiful thing. “"
Give me peace. Give me quiet.
Come Get It, I'm At Work.
I WOULD NOT OBJECT TO THIS.
cant wait to see new moon!
It's about finding the moments to really enjoy your life
oh the
My life is perfect with you in it...finally seeing my own potential.
Looking for something to do tonight? Fried Chicken Night
Illusions fade when feelings rise, I push them under as I hide
miss u
I wish Doris Burke would pull a junior seau right now! #toosoon?
Did Newman retire?
Hey followers, in case you missed it, my BFF is officially tweeting. Follow her ass or else.
My personal goals are to be happy, healthy and to be surrounded by loved ones
#420Songs Number 1: Could You Be Loved-Bob Marley Starting with a legend.
I stay in
How come donnie never talks about Jason anymore??...hm...#didsomeonegetcanned?
I actually hate everything
Houston lol duh, its a 2 whole day event :D! Tickets r 159 for both days.
no one has been on for awhile. lolol
Aw! Can you feel the love?! We need to bring our annual conference back to Staunton soon!
#nowplaying Bruce Springsteen
Yeah, on the MLB.tv live look-in I thought I had the wrong game.
USC Master Lease will require USC to make major renovations to Coliseum for 100 Year Anniversary in 2023.
It's not his fault he's outstanding. Also, 30 Rock IS still relevant! Don't be crazypants.
NM Wedding Expo, at Hard Rock - Abq., this Sunday! Fashion shows, experts, 30 Vegas trips ++ prizes. Brides get in free....
How are you combating cabin fever?
Giving Stout a treat EVERY time someone walks by my desk seems to be working! Less nervousness. But now she has a belly FULL of treats.
Wow I felt the shake in DC, but thought I was dreaming so I went back to sleep.......to wake up and it was real........
Darn. Last night w/ before she & Asha leave for a few days. Please let me know next time & I will make it.
I wanna do something different then the other photographers have done! :]
you confuse the shit outta me
Can you do us a favor and spread the word of our premier web-series 9-19-2011 Much thanks - The Casting Office
Explosion! It is 2004 all over again. I hope confidence holds.
For those who missed my birthday for whatever reason you still have a chance to come to my CD RELEASE PARTY @ Encore March 30th 9pm-12am
"Thou must go in To The Lighthouse, Eli!" Tom demanded stonily.
the ridiculous amount of Khloe and Lamar posters that immediately showed up everywhere. And the real estate coverage.
Chewing on the bark as we speak.
50 holdin' the belts like a groupie
#FF Our recent contributors:
Panasonic to Establish Auto Innovation Center in Atlanta - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
Have a wonderful holiday weekend! Is anyone traveling?
kind of late for the beach Chris.
typo in your Salon article. “Minnesota in not Wisconsin"
Realizing I now find classical music so soothing 'cause Mom always had it playing in kitchen while she cooked dinner for us 25+ years ago.
Taste of Pinellas: Blocking off your meditation place, overcharging for years.
That's wussup! RT : oh ok cool. I played guitar on a few tracks.
i hate when i text someone & Dey Dont Text Back -__-
Soups: tortillini brodo, ravioli florentine , Chicken Pastina, Potato bacon, Tomato basil ravioletti, lentil, Split Pea M
Pancakes or eggs and toast? Hm... decisions decisions.
Can we go see the elephants seals at Point Lobos? That's my favorite.
I couldn't agree, she ain't been shit since Full Moon but I think she bout to kill the game again.
I had a dream last night that the Ducks lost and their star player ... wait a minute.
It's the only chance he has at actually getting on base. RT Lean into that, Beckham, it's really the least you could do.
Me! Couldn't put it down. Bingeing right now on neurosurgeon memoirs. Try Keith Black's..and Ben Carson's...
Haven't seen/heard about that. Will have to check it out. Thanks.
Lets GO PACERS!!!!!
STIX the CAT sez, "thanks for the follow Gavin M.R." - from your friend STIX the CAT
Books are for those who wish they were somewhere else.
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned having the attention spam of an ant
Have a moment of silent and prayed from the people of Japan after this tragedy that struck them.
Are you in Indy?
hello pretty lady! :)
Friends, who's going to #sxswi? Doing some research on the panels today & I'm looking for suggestions!
oh alright. WORTHLESS.
Nike should hook up papa Sullinger. Adidas gear? Weak.
Are you in like, season 2?
This weekend is my 10 year high school reunion. That is very strange to me. Considering going, but am unsure.
your the closest to heaven that i'll ever be,
Hey you should produce some minoriteam DVDs for yo peeps over here.
I forgot how horrible at yoga I am. But I love it anyway!
Or, have you seen those new ads that try to make adult diapers look glamorous?
Don't trust her. It's really messy. I made watermelon sorbet once. Tasted amazing, though.
Grr!! Rush hour traffic.
Just left Sea Pearl in Falls Church. It was so delicious. If you're in the area you have to go.
oh Im cool then. Sorry Amir u just cant win.
enjoy your eye candy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> lol
Typing a tweet then erasing it...
You can't keep chasing after hoes; hoping you'll find your diamond... it won't work.
Feature: Windows 8 on the desktop—an awkward hybrid
Such a BEAUTIFUL day <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
I rely on tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
goes on twitter, check mentions then scrolls down my feed to find #loveyou <3
Free today: We're hosting Nicole Smith, author of Acu-Pass today at 4:30 pm. (1/2)
I wonder what the reaction would be if LeBron missed that shot last night instead of D-Wade.
Concert was amazing. =D
I didn't get the ad slogan "If you don't have an iPhone, you don't have an iPhone" til I got an iPhone. They were right.
EPA announces new law to prevent 22m gallons/yr. of treated #sewage dumped by cruise #ships in #California waters.
WiredIn's pilot is coming soon!! Featuring the band SugarBitch, Group 3 Aviation, Crown Limousine, and more. We'll keep you posted! =)
loved our ladies lunch date!
Make Money with Social Media Webinar at 10 AM today! Join the discussion by adding #ccwebinar to your tweets
Started off Bluff Poker Challengeon Lock Poker by knocking out all 5 of my opponents on a 6-handed Bounty SNG !!!
Don't judge someone's choices, without knowing their reasons. Don't knock someone's Glory, without knowing their story!
- I agree w/ your statement. Especially the case in America. At least in my purview.
have you ever sat with your headphones in without playing music for a half hour? ..yeah, me neither.
These cst's are a piece of cake <U+E405> lol
Still geeked the Lakers lost last night!!!!
NEW CASH CLOWN RACKS N BANDS FT CAP1
Song of the Day: Good times by The Stone Roses
Ariana is Gorgeous <U+2665> Best Brother Frankie <U+2665>
yo thanks for the tweet-out
Do not meditate on negative thoughts, accept them and focus on the positive.
come get me
Thanks Noah. It's a collaboration. :) RT : you are tackling an AWESOME challenge! Here's hoping culture cooperates!
indeed. Staying out of trouble?
thanks Lil man
Got A Tennis Court Rotten Cuz Its waitin For Serena
I'm good
is on Tahoe time.
they are right about us being good in bed...
“: Yard Sale in the Sky day 2. Stop by, we are out back at Jos.
a modest 1,000. I'm desperately trying to focus on consistently hitting it!
thinks 8am finals are the biggest bunch of bullshit there ever has been.
Good morning friends! Another crazy day of shooting yesterday...and today...and tomorrow...
If you like jazz and hip-hop, you have to check out the Shaolin Jazz mashup. So smooth.
um on yo trail follow back appreciated!!!
Hey go to Itunes and Get the Podcast from Bill Winston on The Law of Confession will you! Do it NOW Steven.
Football lives on and so will the Lombardi when it stays in Green Bay!
Life after EAST: what are my fellow EAST-ers doing on this gray warm Monday?
All 4 #GOP US Presidential candidates say they are against #SOPA in #CNNdebate. CNN (Time-Warner) "moderator" argues for #SOPA for Hollywood
wifi on the plane; just paid $5 to tell you all this. that is all.
Thank you for not making it 31.
It's not the load that breaks you down, it's the way you carry it. ~ Lou Holtz
Let's see if GTown can pull one out against a tough Marquette team.
What did the times think you made up?
Lakerholicz: >...Next season. And announcers are employed by team, not network. ...<when does the time warner cable contract begin?
is the best friend that I could ever have in the entire world.
Bueno a bañarme y al cole,bye bye!!
Is there a way to save youtube videos to an ipad for watching on an airplane?
The reference is just non stop lately. I haven't processed anything in something like 2 weeks.
switched to the oregon vs stanford game
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou I Wonder If She'll Reply????
LOL... me to.. Cant wait to St Patty Day
" Recreational swimmers good physical shape caucasian, asian, male/females 25-40 yrs. & Gymnast too! "
lol ill have basic in a month! Im milking it while I can! Hahahaha
I hope we never have her again. Well actually the class messing with her is funny so I hope we do
Had an AMAZING time at The Spa Bar tonight! Another FAB 40 Birthday Celebration!
Canada says it is withdrawing from Kyoto Protocol pact on climate change... They for one WELCOME global warming !
It seems like today, I really have to clean my room. It looks like total and utter crap right now.
. Help get a #VAGOP majority in the Senate with your vote TODAY,
agreed, yet somehow voters keep rewarding it. Hope this year is different for a few candidates on the ballot
RT : Andrew Abbot at U Chicago has a great survey of various crises of academic publushing.
Medicated out of my mind on MMJ & Watson while @ movies seeing "21 Jump Street" etc on a rainy #FF Friday the 13th , please smoke cannabis!
Hey #EMAC students - be sure to check your UTD email. Important info re: summer/fall registration went out today!
y'all made fnl great tonight!
About to run a marathon! Starting with these first 2 miles. I'll work the rest in over the next couple of weeks.
Merry Christmas to / Have a super year in
thanks so much. Check out my other line, too!
Nothing like a Dunkin Donuts sugar high to power me thru the AM thanks !
Testing a Post to Twitter via API
To me they have boring ass players
According to t.v. broadcast, Prince Fielder thinks it's 'unlikely' he'll be back with the #Brewers next year.
I think #Oomf doesn't even have a team either that or they're not in the playoffs..so were just gonna label him a hater
she did the same to me twice lol she truly knows how to interact wit her fans :)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Washington County until 03:30 PM
M's win. Nice.
When people assume the wrong shit about you <<<
Check out our WESA and January Stock Show Specials online today!! www.hotelvq.com **See you soon & Happy New Year!**
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: $1 off Buckets of BBQ Ribs and Broasted Chicken
I'm gonna kill this dumb tweeker bitch!
In 2008 #France was the 1st country to answer the 's call to protect its ships. That is how the EU Atalanta operation started
have fun
Only 4 more days of school! Not that Im counting down or anything :)
no hating here. Somebody's gotta do it.
I'm thinking lunch already, what's for lunch today #Indy? I'm thinking sounds good!
T. J. 5 more games from him like that and we hang #8 !
Charter school rules being discussed at State Board meeting. DESE counsel Mark Van Zandt praising MCPSA's work with the Department on rule
A moment of silence for those who have fallen in the service of their country and pray for a future without the need for war.
First run in over a month. Felt amazing. Also felt like it was probably only a mile and a half.
Counting the cars on the new jersey turnpike #paul simon #like crazy
Thanks and thanks for the awesome spreadsheet.
that's how much it is here :/
Hey, TECO Peoples Gas, hanging up on us = #worstcustomerservice move ever.
Check out our Trappist Beer Tasting Wed 2/22. This one's at Strictly Discs - we'll spin vinyl while tasting 8 of the world's best beers.
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy..
Did you know that on this day in 1925 Ty Cobb went 6 for 6?
Want to do something special for your spouse?
#ImMadBecause your a douche to my best friend
right, but for most people, college sports arent training for professional sports. I'd like to see big time college sports 1/2
Hey guys, we're selling tickets to our next show at The Double Fisted Music Festival. $10 each. Message us if you want one!
Hi Frank! I'm becoming more of a #MarkLogic geek and less a traditional librarian.
Last call!
Earl Grey in my travel mug, working on more #WestTexasinterviews at the library this afternoon.
Ok wait, #NP "Natural Blues" Moby
Don't fuck with someone's relationship, because you can't get one.
yeahh. I'm far from everything :/
I think the last R&B banger was that Elle Varner and to a degree, that Lupe with Trey "Out Of My Head"
Thanks for tuning in. You have very nice, balanced branding as well. Happy Holidays.
Ghost in bitly servers as it were Scott. Works now here too.
How are you doing? Miss you
omg. Are you ever happy or has someone stolen your account? Everyone --- let's cheer up Adam.
Read My Mind is one of my favorites:)
lol truee but you like it doe
Getting ready for an interesting day and learning new strategies at #IntelVisionary conference.
Technically challenging, that is.
Live music is happening NOW !! With Josh Goode;)
no problem! :D
Heading back to #Denver after a fun few days in #Dayton for
RT Party Like a Rockstar, Party Like Rock Star, totally dude! #ChaChaNYE . 6 more chances to win! RT to win tickets to
I'm really disappointed in Ryan Braun right now. I hope this isn't true.
Lots of money to be made on instability though...
Neighborhood garage refridgerator beer thieves foiled last night. D'oh! Somewhere 2 teens having a long day
Work as if it was your first day. Forgive as soon as possible. Love without boundaries... Laugh without control and never stop smiling.
Those pancakes were real good :)
I wish I could watch the laker game #DamnVeryTrue <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ha lets see how long the lakers stay in
Thank you for the FF! XO J
so cute, you two!
Everyone downtown is hipster as fuck.
Hope to see you at the BBQ Cookoff at the Midtown Street Fair in a few hours. We can't wait!
Will do!
she looks pretty hot at night.
Had a good weekend :). Now time to go home & be bored. Lol
I got this music Shit I slap it. If you believe in us now we won't let you down later
that would be great! Let's coordinate via email!
Austin Fifrick with a perfect sacrifice bunt that he was able to beat out for a single.
OK, about to make some serious moves in the next 15 minutes!
sending u my warmest hellos Julie :)
It's not meant to be a slight - sometimes we're ready in some markets ahead of others - why wait?
Night Flight
Great glove. Doesn't belong at #2 or batting RISP late. RT : Brendan Ryan demonstrating why he can hit .190 and get away with it
When redesigning your home, don't forget about the lighting. Add accent lamps or wall sconces for a quick change.
happy saturday! <3 1st and Vine
Shooting with Kale at City Model Management today. Looking forward to some great studio work.
I'm 4 times on my TL... Fuck it's dead
It sounds right up my alley. Red is my favorite neutral.
oh. I've been wondering..
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> RT “My body is a temple...that happens to be able to get me free Patron shots at the bar” haha
oh no...sure humor me this morning..
dirty minds...
16? How did you learn to make good beats so young? lol, Congrats bro! Celebrate!
is talking to old friends
which one??
Red-winged blackbirds have returned to Druid Hill Park.
Real men always have time for their woman. No matter what, even if hes busy, he'll find a way to make time for her.
Online? Sure. I only give out a set number of non-family hugs in a year. This year I'm up to two. Last year was four.
Since when did Twitter take the place of texting and emailing...if u want to have a conversation with one person Twitter isn't the place
FaceTime me if ur not to tired. You will just watch me eat!! Lol or hit me you 2morrow!
Is lookin and feelin like a million$$$
If a 17 year old is too young to legally have sex how is a 14 year old mature enough for a life sentence?
lol definitely not they don't look fun at all to me
Bummer to hear via that is shutting down.
Commuters!!! The Fog Dog is out there again this morning - don't get bit - leave early and use extra caution on those San Diego Freeways.
u first :)
FEELIN REAL LOADED RITE NOW!!
Ha. Probably not. I'll probably get 4 good hours & then be awake again. Always happens to me! Blah! x
omg stupid I was all worried. Geez that sux I'm sorry girl
Why is the internet always 100% more interesting when you have homework?
I've lost her now for sure, I won't see her no more. :'( I don't want it to come to that. I love this girl! gosh don't let it come to that
i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first i won't text you first..
42? It makes sense. They are the answer.
Thanks dude! We're actually just finishing up rebuilding it, so you caught us at a good time! Hope ya keep diggin it!
so do you need pictures or like idk what you put in a collage?
he's probs signed tho. cause like, yeah.
We hope all is well!
Secret life of the American teenager: I'm Ashley, my sisters name is Aimee, she has a baby... Its like the show was written about me!
HAHA! YOUR SO TOUGH! COME AT ME BRO!
ah my favorite hair style haha yayayayay
aww kendall she is so cute i just wanna hold her so bad so cute
I didn't notice you!
Chivalry isn't dead...it jus hurt his back holdin all those doors open, n he's waitin 4 his workers comp 2 kick in
don't make any sudden hand movements..could be misconstrued as gang signs..
Somebody tell #Rondo that the #Celtics have a game tonight. Maybe he can make it for the 2nd half
#Actor #Audtions: "illegitimi non carborundum". Don't let the bastards get you down! and "Carpe Diem", Little Warriors!
I thought it was a nice story. Made him look like a good dad.
Holy crap did I...that was amazing. I wonder if we can get to hit the clay targets in Cle. Or Josh Cribbs. Either
I'm so happy with my mac makeup and broadband card!!! Now I can do hmk in peace!! Yay!!! I love my life!! But more $$ is nice!!
Gonna be a long night of chicken little and frosty the snow man
More deals! Buy 4 books, get one free at Overdue Industries booth 28
Do you and Miranda hunt wild wolverines in Brian Wilsons beard?
See now that's the kind of positivity we NEED in this dump. Thanks dear, you're the best!
what you said
Thanks, that's what I remembered as well. Thanks bortha!
#isupport Crazy Cat Ladies
Looking forward to a visit from tomorrow but they will discover that not all shops are idyllic pretty little places.
#Packers have done nothing this offseason to address their consistent failure to field a 2nd ILB on defense.
she is so grown up
i can't say. It has to do with you know what though. They are the reason there's risk.
I gota tighten up my friends list on fb cuz ppl i dnt even know existed tellin me hbd
Don't you mean "sucker" lol
you like super troopers?
u never chat wit me much nemor an i woudda love 2 have dated u but im taken now im so happy <33
and who said that?
was so shocked to find you could non food foods like soda on food stamps I assumed u could get vegs and meats to assemble
Want to hear more I Am For You songs? visit our soundcloud at www.soundcloud.com/iamforyou
hello dont yall hate when u go to school and u try to cheat off of somebodys paper and they see u cheatin they make a fake paper
Love listening to #Loveline episodes circa 1997. Part of what drew me to neuroscience, neuroscience of human relationships, & medicine.
JUST GOT A HOT PENNY STOCK TIP from a very experienced broker. Apparently, "LUSI.OB" is the stock to be in this week, trust me
Bout to hit the stage
$28 bottle of South African champagne; this is love.
that shit is just way too hood for me *shrug*
Seeing happy couples enjoying the summer. Makes me not the happiest person.
Stormy weather forecast for the first week of the Spring Quarter, which is why I'm heading to the park to walk along the beach with the boys
: How about... Informal Learning - A Step by Step Guide
"When you live in the past, theres one thing that will last, is resentment that time wont sit still" LOVE THAT LINE by
you're right man, we need Bosh. Joel Anthony is way to garbage, he couldn't hit water if he fell off a boat
I may hate him sometimes, but I hope that doesn't happen. He has too much pride for it.
aye bro you think you can stop by the cleaners I wanted see if I can buy another one the feelgoodsession album
they are overrated
Backstrom!!!! Owned the Rangers single handedly
That awkward moment when you're sitting outside fixing your boyfriends power steering pump
Hopefully buying furniture will erase my desires to move to LA. When can I visit? cc:
Jamming and preparing for recording tomorrow. Can't wait to get this shit made so you can jam it every day.
So your cousin works in a similar building @ Ft. Bragg in NC?
Thanks Peter RT I added ITweetLive and Bing Goes Social to the list for #Toolschat tonight at 7pm Pacific
Marv Albert on #TNT repeatedly referring to former Blazer b'caster "Bill Shone-ley" (like 'cone').. #Shonzz is a HOF legend!
Is this page dead!? It Better not be! ICONiacz where you all at?! ~Ashley
Throw the ball in Cashman's face RT : Jesus Montero homering against the Yankees is pretty much the most predictable thing ever
i need a good song to bump right now
okay y am I the man and what did you send me lol
Been soaked by two downpours today but watching this next round of storms roll in from the comfort of my apartment. I win this round nature
Come to tonight at midnight and getcha some free pancakes!
This game 7 is comin' down to the wire. Still think the #Lakers got this. Steve Blake has been lights out from off the bench.
Holy is witnessing me having a fucking anxiety attack right about now.
Iis it reasonable to Attempt to piss on some1 in the middle of a bar when they are twice your size bc someone says u won't?
How do you sign up for the #chef2chef chat? Sounds interesting!
finalizing it as we speak.
Have you been to Jenna's blog? OMG. Must-read.
Did the gift card I gave you awhile back work over there in Aussie? Or did you use it in the US?
"It was a funny time to blow but blow he did" #bpl #ffc #cfc lol
thanks for the RT. Great suggestions are pouring in.
Wow super good US Open semifinals game, Djokovic vs Federer!
Read 's 'Ignore Everybody: And 39 Other Keys to Creativity' today... It's a good book, it definitely has left me thinking.
The guy across from me on the train was clipping his fingernails
Shit my ears are still ringing...not as bad but still...sucks
has the answer I hope. “: Looking for an update on who's winning #sxsw: hipsters vs douchebags.”
it is very good
haha! I only wish would have read one of my tweets on his show!
get a fucking rebound!!!
Saw the surgery tweets. So cool!
right -- I mean, do we want everything people want 2 give us? We have to have a way to say no, thanks.
"For $800, this chemical dye is found in over 95% of all cosmetic products." "Diarrhea! What? Oh, oh, oh sorry, sorry... What is Diarrhea?"
Is it possible that Mario Kart is in the end something other than casual (in the usual sense)?
#discmogul Does anyone listen to 80's freestlye music anymore?
me too!
I will be a panelist today at the So Cal Diversity Forum at SDSU, "The relationship of the master's degree to the Ph.D" at 11 AM and 2 PM.
#MusicMonday to these bands! Thanks for the follow, I checked y'all out on FB :)
Stock up during a sale.. Sale items can be a great deal if it’s an item you normally use.
Sweet...Sam's is going non smoking as if March 1
I can always count on your for pro tips
i can find few redeeming qualities for that show... why do you like it? maybe you can change my mind.....
Shaved Pu$$y Taste Better #FromExpierence ==>Hairy Pu$$y Be Smelling Like Shrimp Noodles!! LOL
Marketing Managers in LA, I have a lead on a 6 mo. freelance gig in North Hollywood. Send me a message and I'll send you the info.
Sadly yes. :(
Really should listen to my mom more often. She's wise that one.
it's spring here in the US so it's still cold. Where is your country?
so much fun in the 'burgh! thx for showing me new places & my fav now, diesel!
#MMchat Hey guys, what metrics are you using to measure your social #custserv program?
So I'm in madrid visiting andd for a vacation with meh babee :D imma try to tweet more bcuz jozy had been on me about it :D love her thooo
Morning Reggie :x
Saw The Lucky One :) your truly amazing hot guy :) I wish I had that kin of guy in my life <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Way to go, hope you win Jimmy.
Ima jealous type point blank
Mark Kotsay, you're still minus-1
Of all the types of couples in the world...I'd say young Asian couples are my favorite.
So many ridiculous things happened today..
Headed to atl to meet my team. Some for the first time f2f. It is going to be a very productive week!
#Yankees look like they could care less right now...they've
nah, i got a magic carpet
Good morning.. Thought you would like that..lol
one of these is not like the others
Love it. 2 funny, Lloyd. Maybe I'll c u? bye 4 now.
S/O to my Followers ( : Thanks ! Cuz im new to this
nigga I said scrapes took mad giraffe forks out his crib he was like hey fella what you doing lmao
Why is your Easter not for another week?
Cooper you need your own reality show!
Oh okay. Whew!
I hope I help a little..to start it!!
Created a quiz about myself on facebook. What waste of time.
I'm never gonna see you again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
if I did that then it wouldn't be a brain teaser.
": incredibly ill this morning. I need my boyfriend and a glauc STAT." Ill be over nurse u with eggs benny and massages soon babe:)
is wondering what the hell he's doing in the office...!!???
BTW, the facebook fans (and ) have spoken: Tonight's show will be all-vinyl (if the turntable gods allow). 7-9 p.m. on !
can i get one follow back please
the guy on the computer next to me stinks!~
Me and rocked that audition!!
So sick of #lindsayLohan news, but if you R going 2 talk abt her why not discuss the freakish plastic surgery that has been done 2 her face
don't forget the dribble drive to the abortion clinic.
You two faced and shady af.
no, 2-3 years old can handle a child's sports mouth guard. Good Luck!
Watching visits family of 5 in India living in a 1 room home the size of our bathrooms. I'll never complain again.
With me. Porque?
Thanks for liking my page Farin!
Needs this teacher not to show 48 hours till
": Thursday's QOD: What will 2-out-of-10 women accidently do today?” Answer: Fart and sneeze at the same time
Well we have a fridge thats strictly for decaying food We have a fridge in our office strictly for milk for coffee, sodas & beer
I really enjoyed the oscars this year
Ironic...siiting in the donut shop having donuts and coffee before my big meeting on some brand new nutrition bars....lol.
know what I don't get?
um can you like please...
my apologies to all that have received spam messages from me! my account has been hijacked :(
You got that right, and pretty good how about u are u still at Reno
If yu say shit too me , be prepared too get something back . Bitch !
Aha I told my mom I would marry and she approved ^_^ <3 xo
Obama's action in Libya is historic. No US soldiers killed, little money, world happy, job done.
I should probably start my homework.
RT lies : is pretty excited right now. Huge Carson Palmer fan.
RT : -You Don't Get Another Chance , Life Is No Nintendo Game-
RT congrats!!!!!! When u due// ha! Im talmbout our pit Stoni!! Lol
My fave album is
hey girl how u been
Don't see why L-ville HAS to even listen? Yum Ctr made the poor business decision, what's worst can happen? Bad PR for a few weeks, months?
Your Comcast tweet totally made my day! Hahahaa.
AYE my bro >> your bro
Having a mellow NYE?
Which of the characters in Trivium Proportion do you like best? #scifi #opinion #cyberpunk #story #fiction My co-worker loves Kayla
very cool profile!
Even the lactose intolerant can usually take Greek yogurt as it's strained--most of the lactose goes out. My fave? Chobani pineapple.
Thanks for the RT!
So close, yet so far away....Happy Hour starts at 3pm today!
lol. when people un-follow me because i try to get famous people to follow me. ~~~
I saw a sign on the back of a dump truck that said: Happiness is getting your load off
Good morning Austin! Thoughtful message for today -"Sow an act, reap a habit;Sow a habit, reap a character;Sow a character, reap a destiny".
Say you breaking her heart, So when she around us, She playin her part !
probably not the greatest idea
wow Norway lost to Australia.
Just woke up and getting ready for the day.
first, a visit to the OSU ICU then a little house cleaning. , a maid for mother's day would be GREAT. Just sayin'...
:) I try to have the best time of my life every second of it! And it's pretty cool to live in Hollyweird :)
The Bay City Rollers appeared live on Howard Cosell's show on this day in 1975. It was their U.S. debut.
and you would not be disappointed.
I don't know where you've been, but Bry has been a comedic genius since his days at the rec. Hence, Clerks.
I Love Popeyes
thanks for the follow love #FoodieChats!
Inventors needed!!! Looking for cutting edge ideas to market!!! Please call for appointments!!!
Blueberry Choco-Chip Brownies. Think I'll call them "Something Blue" Brownies.
my first tweet is a waddap to my friends &
Wahhhh missing you
Disgusted by NC
Happy birthday to me.
Talkin shit over twitter while I hide from all the sports watching going on in my house.
Waking up at 7:30 on a Saturday to go to school and take a practice AP exam >>>
Visit Paratext in Dallas this weekend at Booth #1201 If you demo any Paratext product, we'll enter you in a drawing for a free iPad!
Wow Bruce Springsteen.
oh okay :)
One day! Until the. Enjoy my name in print Alexander <3
U.S. might be broke & divided, but we're running our two most handsome candidates. I feel a Christopher Guest film in the works.
thank you:)
Madison friends, it would be nice to see you again tomorrow night. Either at The Frequency or not at The Frequency. We just like you...
TO ARIANATORS WHO ARENT FOLLOWNG ME--I FOLLOW ALL BACK AND TODAY I WILL GIVE SHOUTOUTS! ARIANATORS THAT ARE FOLLOWING ME--RT THIS FOR A S/O
If you use New Noise as your intro Miller Park will explode every time you enter!
Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker. ~Denis Waitley
Arriving Palo Alto
investigating red light photo tickets. Didn't do that 6 months ago?
Pickup Line: Lets play house, you be the screandoor and i'll bang you all night long.
ball hit him on the knee/leg...
Hate when my bro and sis come over its like living in the projects like em excuse me I don't speak Ghetto
Listening to Party in the USA. Bahaha, Oh yeah, Im chill.
my TL is slowing down.
Got two jobs this summer #teamgettinpaper lol
weirdos who get along with animals better than people, and photography buffs
Silk freaks me out... Why does everyone love silk bed sheets?!
I guess u say what can make me feel this way my God my God talkin BOUT MY GOD
Spring rain, soaked to the skin walking from the car to the office. Love it!
bought a groupon for a cheap #VirginAmerica flight so came to visit a friend.
The passing of Maurice Sendak sent us back to "Where the Wild Things Are." Do you remember the first time you went there?...
Pilots of Libyan fighter jets that just landed in Malta defected after being ordered to bomb protesters.
do you think this ray Allen situation is KG from a couple of years ago all over again?
Have you caught the Madness?! Who's your pick to win?
I can understand why, actually; at first recoverers need to acknowledge willpower is not enough.
i cant wait til the video :) i hope it's going to be awsome
#Happy18thBirthdayJustin I love you!
"direct, punchy and to-the-point"
Watching Extreme Couponing on TLC. These people save so much money!!
Tomorrow is our last day on Padre. Driving up to Austin, seeing friends, maybe hitting the caverns. House better be clean when we arrive ;)
“: Perfect girls are found at every corner of the earth... unfortunately, the earth is round.”
So happy to be headed back to NY after my two week vacation to NJ. we will drink no doubt?
Follow these great UK organizations
Thx. Though I don't think web apps are relevant to the article. Apps != web apps. Spidering entire store not plausible.
on iPhone, survey hangs halfway at are you a member (no)
I will follow anybody that follows hurry ima check ina few,! Go go go, <U+E105>
Words don't mean a thing if you've got nothing to show her !
great film it is
Will be taking my 12 year old son to Lexington Sports Card tomorrow to see his favorite player
Alien takeover nightmare=early AM & mjr heebie jeebies. If I look @ u funny, I'm just assessing ur human authenticity. Major heebie jeebies!
Everyday's a challenge
You belong with me <3
And well to compensate you we will talk about very strong hunky men!
SInce January when I moved downtown. She is absolutely wonderful, with the exception of her horrible taste in movies.
shout out
Creator God, Thank you for the Sabbath, given to the whole world, a bond to unite us from every nation,
Police have reopened the Natalie Wood accidental drowning case? Wow. I had such a crush on her back in the day.
Just wanna chill and watch movies but not happening...
yeaah im good. Just need to see you soon...have to talkk omg.
ah, never mind! I know who he is.
a joke is not nearly as good when stuttered
The daughter, Persephone, ate pomegranate seeds while in Hades and therefore had to spend half of the year in the Underworld.
Let's try not to be so judgmental. It's not like I said "Random human" when you walked by.
Global Ireland Football Tournament match-up: Father Judge (PA) vs. Notre Dame Prep (AZ) on August 31st. #HSFB via
Awesome, I got ready to just be stood up.
RIP iphone 3G, you almost made it to July... Off to the Apple store!
Can never go wrong with Bob either
my windows started to shake. lol
that's awesome! :D
sorry everyone I hardly ever check on my space anymore fb me!
Filming with tonight!!
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. -Jimmy Dean
I like Roland Martin, but LAWD! Is there anything he can wear that doesn't make him look so unfortunate? Li'l Darth with that hoodie on.
I love you.
Neville from is a great opening speaker!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Placing the blame or judgment on someone else leaves you powerless to change your experience." ~Byron Katie
more power given to hidden pervs and deviants or r more pervs and deviants exposed by twitter?
If u're a$$ kiss'n someone 2 have their company, u OBVIOUSLY don't have the slightest CLUE of UR GOD given BEAUTY!! U r WAY
It's Friday! Who's got plans for the weekend? Work week is almost done!
Compliance makes you sweat through the purpose of non-fiction vs. fiction.
We there!!!! Get it Get it Get it Mavs!!!!
Gotta have a chick thats able defend herself >Who you gone have when you cant smack a female. lol
I appreciate it, but I'm loyal to for my design. When I have some more $, then it's web design time. :)
to bring in their cultural values in the writing class. ex: discussing general vang pao in a text about heroes. what about you?
yikes. squeaked by on that one! 1100 hard won words.
Motherfucker ty lawson, not a good sign
#imNOTTheperson who can hate anyone so much
Just realised it was like 7 people from school who un followed me. shows how loved I am ;)
#thingsthatpissmeoff PPL who think that the Zionist run US foreign policy is Pro-democracy. Libyans luv Qadafi! www.youtube.com/user/pipard
We watch it too sometimes...I just found it so funny how urgently she wanted to hang up so she didn't miss it!
Infected. Secrets.
Uecker's next partner is Welcome to Wisconsin!
#GoTribe Tribe win + Heat loss = Nothing, I still have to go work! lol
Soulja Boy single-handedly ruined hip hop for the rest of us
so disappoint!
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 7
you guys are funny omfg ily y'all
food envy! Not talking to you right now (stomach growling)! :-)
If you went back, I would. But I doubt they would even take us back.
Yesterday,I was dreamweaver, But now I'm reborn,I was the walrus,But now I'm John,...And so dear friends,You just have to carry on....
what tweet?
I just creeped your tweets cause 1- miss yaz 2- I would totes love jammin t.swift with yaz. Peace n blessinz
PRADA SPRING/SUMMER 2012 WOMEN'S ADVERTISING CAMPAIGN
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed? Why?
Don't think, cuz it happened once it'll happen again. Get out there and register to vote! #2012 ur opinion counts
just dug a splinter out of my hand with my other hand. bleeding, but satisfied.
5/10 - LCE Senior Medicare Patrol presents to seniors at Delta Towers Senior Building NE on Medicare Fraud, waste & abuse; identity theft.
>paying attention all along when you haven't. Greenberg flat-out had no idea what he was talking about most of yesterday.
#zimmerman #georgezimmerman was disrespectful by addressing The Martin Family !! He DID CONFRONT #trayvonmartin when he GOT OUT OF HIS CAR.
Thanks buddy!! Steak dinner, #derby #Beers are in progress now.
Yay! See you Friday!
Positive attitude is way more fun!
I'm so excited that and birthday's are coming up!!!! :)
So you think Pats and 49ers are going to win then...
honestly if i could make a wish it would be to meet you! can you follow me plz?<3
Coming back from a long day!
By all means, put a bow on that piece of shit and trot it around
i need some to eat!!!
Too bad it had to end :(
RT : Just met with of hackerspace Thanks for stopping by. I'll try to hit up a Thursday night open hack!
Why are people surprised my lil bro and I were born on the same date??
power. everyone wants power and love
Apparently Hillis hasn't solved the fumbling problems yet
At the Esco Dem Club meeting. #changethrulocal politics.
I am convinced people within 100 yds of Tony Walker Plaza have no regard for other drivers
ha! I will be your miscellaneous percussion section. :)
So is visiting "her favorite guy in the world" in NY right now an is in NY right now..Something they aint sayin?
Loving this weather and I wonder what temperature is acceptable to put a towel down and lay out?
The place you are in needs you today. - Katherine Logan
I need a Take 5
Sure you can! I will send you a DM.
Follow our girl check out her film Wandeflusy featureing Jen Aniston and Paul Rudd
We're starting to kill the kegs in an hour......all our great craft draft beers are $3 until they are gone.....you coming?
its gonna take me a minute..i live in philly..ctfu
that was mad funny Brian tried to play stewie soft by not paying him at first lol
Awesome! A proper tasting. Very informative. : Wine 101 with very popular. #tmtdu2012”
You are most welcome.
just got my.video interrupted was trying to prepare for.my blog twitter people trying to give you knowledge
... No such thing.
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you for the inspiration.
I actually want to learn HTML code...Instead of just looking up how to do certain things with it on the Internet.
You guys are hilarious. Funny stuff.
when are you coming to Texas??????
Shot caller
dude those athletes get all the ass they can handle, payment enough.
hey girl :) still waiting on pics of your 60's revival interior.. Loved your picks on
Right near where I used to live!
"I do think that the media something appears in does make a difference. "
Cal.officials refuse to sign proposed settlement with biggest mortgage lenders over deceptive foreclosure practices-saying it's inadequate
interesting and agreed. I'd take a great teacher with a poor unit plan over an ineffective teacher with a fancy unit plan anyday
Did you all see my Heat go down to the Knicks last night:-(
Yeah!!! :D Calvin told me I can!!! M their food looks so good!! Fresh & Fancy!! M m m!!!
did u enjoy the sliming! Congrats on the win can't believe u came with all the wrking thanks4being there u made me smile
no power to t stat?
Chromeo pandora station rocks my world
Great to be back in the classroom. 2nd night of Leadership & Communication. Students presenting storytelling assignments.
Help us get more followers? :)
Where should I do with myself
QFT. Youth, be advised: RT if you wouldn't post it on a billboard, don't post it on the internet.
how are you feeling?
I Haven't Tweeted You In A While,Not That You Even Notice Me lol..but I Jut Want to say Hey & Love You! Follow back please?
Enjoyed movie night!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I preferred Maroon 5 doing the BB. Does that mean I'm going to go to music Hell?
Bad haircut->bad mood->bad day. Hoping a trip to the gym and a bottle of wine...or 2 helps to turn this frown upside down.
Thanks for the follow , and !
I could talk to y o u for hours. <3
Substitute knowledge with the word ignorance.
the trailblazers are weak, they need to bring back th jailblazers and get sheed, bonzi wells, and z. bo
Anyone spot new #PurpleLogos?
the verizon paradox: do i accept the world's worst customer service for the best network service?
Can anyone confirm if the Villains #Vinylmation series is available at the Disney Store at the Florida Mall in Orlando yet?
Play nice Rangers! Game 7s r always good 4 the fans, said the Devil!
Good morning! Hope everyone's week is off to a great start. I'm kind of feeling like I'm starting off weak. Where's my Ning Xia Red...
I get her wetter than a Ocean....
congrats on the Post mention! you are big time now :)
haha! It's b/c last year there was a school trip to go to DUBLIN even though it's not MULLINGAR but still...sigh I wish I went.
On a normal weekend or weekday Patrick Wellington is in his Manhattan well after 12 midnight. These are normal work hours for
what keeps going?
Just sent you an email. If you want to follow up on the phone, just let me know!
any truth to #KIDS2 rumor?
makes so much more sense.
ELIZABETH WARREN discovers with shock that, in a peculiar way, she's related to BALD EAGLES, & MOUSETITS.
let's go to the dance show!!
I've been okay thankyou, I'm a little ill though :( haha, how are you?
m feeelin' god :)
your picture doesn't look like you is it recent
We going in tomorrow bro!!!!
The Cardiff KOOK is following me! hollaa
lol I know! I'm laughing so hard right now!
Hey what's good man....It looks like I know you from some where??
"Nothing says love like a hamburger"??
Dysfunctional organizations lack leadership, standards, accountability, discipline, training, and planning and review.
Now. The Culture of Homelessness, with Bethany. At TUMC 4001 Speedway.
feel like I'm being annoying.
UGH. Why can't I live with my mom... </3
How does that even correlate though? lol
blah - running late, still at work. Hope we'll make it by 7:30!
The cirque du soleil featurette sounded cooler than it ended up being. snooze
Bright lights, big city.
URL not working and would love to see this post. 3 things Law Firm etc. Thanks.
Good for you! I attended church at 5th & Bedpost today. And I wasn't wearing underwear either!
Ha!! My sista
Love the enthusiasm and excitement in the room. Everyone is ready to participate and jump right in! #tedxusc 2012
We'll love you not matter what, unless you go to Brown. RT : Nervous. Early admission Yale interview tomorrow.
whatever happened to Terrance in Sierra Madre?
facebook is on its death bed closer to death
Is there ice cream on your planet?
Football might have lost, but Soccer is going to rock New Mexico on Sunday! #GoBulls #PackCorbett #IBelieveThatWeWillWin 5000!
its so awesome! Dont worry i catch myself quoting everything lately haha. My mind is crazy, but whatever :D
its all good big bucks no wammys
I don't understand the concern of subtweeting. Do people really think 'Oh, this person HAS to be tweeting about me'?
Phew. Someone's listening!
Happy Friday, everyone!
that's awesome to hear!! Good news all around. We haven't done as much fishing as I would like but im sure well get there
kobe def did work today... like i said he would
yes try and go next year :')
plus gon show errybody his new dance too...we need to cheer up guys
Congratulations!!!!!! I'm so happy for you! What did Tom have to say with his crazy ass?!
We're looking for the lead role in a music video. Need an Actress/Dancer to star - Paid gig 4/22-4/25. send us a lead!
I live with butterflies that only calm in the middle of a task or conversation. #Leadership is being present.
#aDayintheKnife an in depth look into the kitchen's of moto and iNG. Launching today.
Sodom & Gomorrah were real Jesus referred to those cities Revelation says another destruction greater than that is coming stop mocking God
Watching talk about The Cove & project Merlin The way PBS stations distribute their programming nationally.
Elected #Toastmasters Club 151 sergeant-at-arms.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use
I love talking too you to (;
“: Regan and George W Bush put the United States in more debt than all the other presidents combined.” thanks assholes
I live that show!
Looking forward to panel discussion with and biz today! Social Media Roadmap to Profit!
#ItsCrazyHow some people just don't give a shit about other peoples feelings. like how can you be so heartless? smh. I don't get people.
I don't know how to be someone you miss
Hit the lights!! Come alive, let the moment take you!! :-)
y does she look so familiar i know you from somewhere
Power Trust Alarm...bought the book will work on it!
Best game of the tourney.
like you need him...you freakin have AP and Moreno.
Not on their own. But turns conversation to "here's what you achieved, based on what's showing in the system." And managers 1/2
Haha that's kinda creepy. Maybe he's into you ;)
I don't vote too much bullshiters, why bother...
Wow, I think you & i have/had the same 8-track tape collection! Does Vicki Carr still exist now that 8-track tapes are dead?
It's lunchtime, I'm hungry
We've decided to call all our band girl fans "Sparkies" and the guys fans "Sparkers". -The FireWorks Experience
her name is Nia, and she's at a place called Cheeky Vintage on Richmond. She's AMAZING. Tell her Iris sent you :)
Thanks for the follow back and the "like" on fb!! You rock!! =]
that's what I'm doing today! Yaaaay! Can't wait <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You could, lol.
Don't forget to follow They are doing good work for the pups that need homes. Save a life!
Thank you!
You guy's do not get it. I do not and will not worship your political God's. One is enough for me.Obama, Romney I see no difference.
Rainy Monday, Amos Lee's 'Mission Bell', and carrot sticks. Happy camper.
Follow me lol
Here @ Piano's on the LES watching 'Down by Riverside'. They're back in NYC in Feb
Looks like I'm not gonna get an iPhone anytime soon...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> ohh well...
that sounds too good but unfortunately I'm not spending any more money lol
“: just heard a shocking news about an old friend, who passed away this morning in a car accident. rest in peace, inoki safiro :'(”
yo I had you this morning bro, I had FRANKENBERRY'S!
a good day is when you disappear for 3 hours to take an exam and reappear to discover 5 chock-full-of-exciting-ideas messages in your inbox.
Board meeting today @ 3pm
Omri Casspi just made the softest basketball play in history.
can we meet after work one day this week?
Once again ganna stay up till 1 am on a school night!!! Who hoooooooooo!!!! Only 6 hours of sleep!!!!
Go Celtics and Packers
thank u. Lol
my cries. AND WE WILL GO, OK. NO ANDS IFS OR BUTS. I really need to finish hw omg.
Just helping out a fellow player by RT'n what the editor had written in hopes that they'd RT too for an even larger net
Watching in Bad Teacher. OMG LOL! Invelope ;) and a rockin scooter
im greatt!! - smiles- i missed everyone, but im back
This is the worst breakup ever felt -StacyBarthe even tho u don't show love I still love in the in between. I'm glad I purchase
That ackward time of night when no one famous is tweeting.....
not wanting to wear shorts because your legs are see-through.
I so wanna just BLAST #SaySomethin on my school intercom! Probably will get suspened, but its worth it, haha. If only <3 ;)
Another great program from MoMS, humanities council partners, and local museums! Three cheers for collaboration!
You can't ever gain respect until you show respect first. Your first act of communication is to show respect to whomever you are talking to.
Alas, no-- this tour is mostly Midwest-- D.C., Milwaukee, Dayton, St. Louis, and Denver!
Rosey come bk soon, but need'm in Aug RT No surgery recommended for De La Rosa. Best-case scenario is that he's back in 4-6 wks.
SOO amazing right?? kinda like a live music video. Killed it.
Back home from my vacation in St Louis - worked on some new things - mainly played with one of the cutest babies ever.
Colorado has a red crust and blue center for the most part. The #civilunions bill will pass when the Dems get control again
We are attracted to the scent of people gentically different from us to avoid incest
Tweet it n delete it ;)
me too! They do great tatts and their prices are the best.
Fuck it , thug life :D
Millimeters can be frustrating.
Fog/Mist and 50 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Southeast at 5.8 MPH (5 KT). The pressure is 1021.8
okay(: yay. We need to make plans to hang out!
Can anybody hear me? I guess I'm hurting to myself...
Or just lead turn?
When them doors go up all u see is the hustle
not sure who had a better week, myself or conan.
Check this out. Write your entire app in pure JavaScript.
I Hate When Bitches HATE.
Hi sir! Good busy as always:) how r u?": how have u been its been a minutes since we chatted!"
do u remember a man named popa from yo hood back in the day he passed a long time ago though?? Hit me back
New server added: vpn-ca1 - new dynamic ip pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Toronto, Ontario Canada It's available in your customer area now.
Ha, 2 possible boards. I considered supporting any n^2xn^2 board (w/ n^2^2 cells), but decided not to bother just yet.
Follow back; I deleted you by accident and then put you back! Sorry!
follow back please? With a #cherryontop ??
Big run by Hawks but they will keep shooting jump shots. Series still ends tonight.
Aaanannnnd he just mentioned social media.
I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me....
The homie got that work on that Y'all Sleep mixtape. Just banged it all ova Westbank New Orleans. It's the truth.
Perrish Cox deliberations will go into Friday. Not terribly surprised. Will be tough call for jury.
No measure of time with you will ever be long enough, but we'll start with forever. <3
Those our great suggestions, Bill! We'll add them to our iPod's "Law Songs" playlist.
Work is man's most natural form of relaxation. -Dagobert D. Runes
SFO > MEXICO bitches.
Tre made me sounds stupid...I must correct my error.
Just did an estimate of pages printed this month & feel certain I've done in several forests w printing of novel & story collection drafts.
I just did. dangg.! they brought it!! # werrkinit #fierce wahhh. I miss it! ):
REALLY? Now? At this time.
hm YEAH
Chilling speech
LOVE IT! RT : I'd love to be involved!!! Segway tours of the hood with !!!
Happy Thanksgiving! I am grateful for good friends, family, health, an awesome home, reliable transportation, food in the cupboards & love.
Omg just rip my heart out, Doctor Who. <\3
!!!!! You KNOW NOT the joy this pun gives me! A joyful squee escaped my mouth #SQUEEOUTLOUD #hungergamesfoodpuns!
I swear I hate class its so boring but hey gotta handle business
Thanks for following. Very interested in your work. Blessings...cb
No Instagram handle. Just my own:
Did Pete Campbell just say he was "ripped off?"
Today was Douchebaggery Day. I would have appreciated a spoiler alert.
probably because it's bias felt most strongly and least considered by readers/viewers.
you're funny sis! Twitting to your shelf.
I keep thinking bout how my life is gonna change in a matter of days! :-)
#UKISS_AMAZING puts a smile on my face <3
Love me some Immortal Technique his music is the truth my favorite #SpeakYourMind! Follow me and I will follow u rite back
RT : Dear , I miss you guys. Please tour soon. Thanks. Love, me.
Boo! I've had a Cuisinart food processor for about 10 years. I use it regularly and have never had a problem.
i miss you
“: IT'S THE MINI CODY DOLLS WE KNOW WE KNOW” I WAS SAYING THAT!!
Actually, this was in NYC! Yes, I arranged my schedule so I could go to that audition, so I was pretty mad, as you can imagine.
#nervousmom - don't forget your kid is a Bully - they don't steal 3 points, they just Take it! But they say thanks after
I do had a bowl game in excelsior springs
#andypoll Oh, that's neat.... So I guess you like to read alot...
i wish i wish i wish i wish a bitch would *Gasp*
Porkchops red beans and rice and broccoli and cheese ....yummy in my tummy ... Now if only I had someone to share the rest of the night with
Today was a productive day. Created a logo for a different company. Talk about very satisfied customers ;-)
lol, is that a virtual car??
YES, HE CAN! BRAG all he wants on NATIONAL SECURITY ISSUES. YA-YA-YA, EL PRESIDENTE! DO YOUR THANG! MITT brags on his money. NLD Mom/ca.surv
pretty cool to see a woman playing the drums!
Yes!!!!! He everyone orchestra kickstarter is completely funded!!! Over half raised in less than 4 days so awesome!!!!! Can't wait to hear!!
running on 3 hours of sleep and having an excellent day. so glad i stayed out last night.
I would be upset too if I weren't a Philly fan :D sorry!!!
and this is why you always have been and always will be my bestest friend ever...:) I love you <3
i get paid for reading shit off a page, i aint gotta wait till friday cuz every day i be straight
We hope everyone is enjoying the first week of April. Summer is right around the corner!!
First mother's day without my aunt :(..I remember last year just sitting & holding her hand knowing it was her last. miss her <3
haha. Just saw this.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your boyfriend is still logged in on facebook on your computer
I got so many compliments on my hair tonight. :-))
Omg i had such an amazing time at my sweet16! I love all my friends&family!<3
i miss you, reading your tweets just makes me want to drive to see you
#badgers #orange . It's raining 3ssssss
long day of driving...glad to be out of the car now! great road trip!
true....sad
Big turnout for The Intersection to talk about city schools on a Friday night, including
oh emm gee, stop.
#century21 spot made by Philly ad agency
Can't wait! We'll be in Dallas next Thurs/Fri! Any suggestions on what to see/do?
I still get pissed thinking about the Lost ending.
okay. here it is! youtube the song Call Me Maybe by carly rae jepsen. turn it up really loud. call yusuf and let it play :)
Everyone needs to buy a yearbook before school ends for the year!!!!!
Stoked to learn my team is hosting a crit in 46th ward (my home), thanks in big part to the help of new alderman
Say what?! You know who knows who shot somebody?!?!
Our first official Tweet! Please follow us and stay up to date on specials, events, blog entries etc. We'd love to follow you as well!
To be a follower of Jesus is to be learning from Jesus how to do your job as Jesus himself would do it: Willard, The Divine Conspiracy
Syria, China, Vietnam, and Iran have all banned Facebook.
Waking up ina middle of the night <<<<<
Nursing pinning ceremony happening right now in Linehan. Woots heard throughout GAC!
thanks for the #Favorite and #Retweet. That too cool of you and I appreciate it.
Yelp won't let me add our library cafe because it rejects our "LMU Drive" street address as "too many capital letters." Judgy, judgy!
« The awkward moment when you wake up from a 5 minute nap and have no idea what day, month or year it is.»
Significant sense of anticipation. Wonder what's afoot. Not going to press it - just going to stay tuned (or attuned) ... 6th sense or 7th?
This summer I plan to be darker than my friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Excellent! I look forward to reading it.
- We're real! Don't block us! We're just getting our Twitter game moving.
Yeapp .! i TLKED TOO HIM LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO
RT theonetruebix Service isn't "down" now, , It appears to have been converted into a dial-up modem!!
back to black
It was great to toast #mkeday with at ! The place looks amazing!
No tickets required! Just mark the date and time and join us :)
Seductive Society has joined Twitter... Stay tuned...
The Commish happy to see his homie.
That Awkward Moment when it`s all silent and someone says "awkward"
At least my makeup look good!! Nothing can rain on this parade!!!
Don't rain on my lovefest, Nicholson!
Happy birthday to ! And many, many more!
Are you talking about spamming the #asexuality tag? I keep on trying to report that account to Twitter.
RT 's NJ Learns we are studying "Mental Models" - the way people experience society. AND, shifting to more sustaina
so glad I saw you!
Why would anyone be a proud supporter of the "99%"?
Explain? I like it.
Ok I am home from SDCC. What a wild ride. Tomorrow at 10:00 PM EST I will put the exclusive SDCC OSM on the site; www.theouterspacemen.com
If Greg Brown didn't have such a "shticky" pitch type delivery with his words I'd take him more seriously.Still a classic baseball voice tho
Do you have some great domains to sell? Email me and I'll tell you how Moniker can help.
How are you? I haven't seen a tweet of yours in a while. Hope you're doing well.
Sixers done snuck in the playoffs.
i wouldnt be one to answer that. I don't do anything with it at that job
Prepping for Monday's class on official and unofficial whitening policies in 19th & 20th cent Latin America
You mean like the end of his first playoff series against the Jazz?
Video games are truly weapons of mass distraction!
there are no zealots like the converts! Or converts like the zealots. Or summin.
delayed condolences for your family's loss. Been in a fog lately and didn't get to say it earlier.
RT MadiSimon12 People who use others for their money <<<<
You are a terrific NFL insider. Thanks for reporting on an unbelievable March.
Looking for pals who twitter online. I'm also checking the 140-character count to determine the maximum message length.
watch out for cold sores, Clay...just saying.
"I think a Pink Flamingo turd just landed on my plate.." - #GordonRamsey on #CafeHon's 'Much Better Than Moms' Meatloaf
It could be like a lemonade stand. Instead of selling lemonade in tiny cups I could sell crack and broken dreams.
In April, a whopping 16.4% of #workers under age 25 were #unemployed, compare to the overall rate of 8.1%:
Next on the , brings the best baseball insight on all the top stories around the big leagues.
Worth a read, if only for the shock value. She lauds surveillance software for allowing her to interrupt student writers +
Avoid trips to the corner store. Or the gas station! These are some of the most expensive stores.
Slick shit! Where do I get your music???? I wanna play this shit when i'm driving lol!
I get an hour break today just so I can watch Doctor Who with everyone.
i love "I knew as soon as I'd left that you'd go and fuck someone else you WHOOORE!"
i wanna dip dye my hair :3
catching up on this week's #Scandal. #KerryWashington ROCKS!
Amazing song. RT ": Premeditated Murder - J. Cole"
it's not! and whomever said that it was, is not exactly a very spiritual or open person...
Had an amazing night.. Love him
Spurs will do everything Memphis couldn't do
I'm at the doctor and there's no power.
#Nowplaying "Pumped Up Kicks"
listening again to the music of up madz!
#nowfollowing how you doin, welcome to my world
Press conference to announce results for Project 25.
Surely we can find something less lossy than hashtags for humor markup!
i prefer an ice cold Hawaiian punch..
you tried Fuel City Tacos or Tacos Y Mas yet? I like tacos.
Album Review: The Cribs | When The Gramophone Rings
#ObamaForgot to legalize it
Squirrel Trap tonight at PushPush. I'm there
feel free to slip out early if you need to
YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME! WHOAA OHH CANT YA SEE??!!! YOU GOT THE BEST OF ME!!! OH CAN'T YA SEE ??!! YOU'RE BRINGIN ON THE HEARTBREEAAAKK
How they gone say we fell off and they never climeb up (silly muthafuckaz)!!!!!!???????
love you #howardstern on #AGT !! Been a fan since '86 - you won over the naysayers!! Can't wait to see you again tonite!
Geez, RD, importance is a narcissistic illusion. MT : Reassuring 2 c that as big & important as NYC is there's still shitty art shows.
Note to self - in the future do not attend beer tasting festivals on an empty stomach.
Hello Rob
No girlfriend should EVER feel like she's in competition with another hoe PERIOD!
Yes, the countdown for summer has begun!
MITT ROMNEY has no CHARACTER so why not pick up more CAPITAL. DAVID YOST it is TIME to TEAR THE RIM OFF YOUR DRAWERS. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
2 weeks! No idea how to get to NJ. Hahaha
We've got ppl on after every playoff game for postgame! I'll send you the link next time. Plenty of GOOD to talk about right now!
It's boot weather, girls! And boys, too, obviously. Cause we know you love them.
Damn Theres Some Real LesbiHonest Shit Going Down Right Now
that one :)
Abram : mind-mapping topics - to speak the language of your library patrons (i.e. students)
i really need to go buy some cigarettes . asap .
glad you feel better :)
Hot tubbing imminent!
TechTalk: Carnegie Mellon's Gregory Ganger testifies in DC that cloud computing could improve federal information technology functions
tn limited ticket
How Did I get so lucky to have met such a great girl and have her in my life I love you<U+E022><U+E022>
gonna try it right now. Thanks.
#ILoveItWhen people like remember the little people even when they get big<3 even though he never notices me ):
Hi I love you <3
merp!): how long is a semester again?
yes some people are .. Like you.
I love you too girl! And I will
It seems that call screeners basically decide how good radio talk shows are going to be.
I need some chicken nuggets right now and I wanna watch The other guys!
RT “Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Laughing so hard no noise comes out, so you just sit there clapping like a retarded seal.
I agree. Your show is the one I try to watch the most. I learn a lot , and you have some great guests. Fantastic work!
"It's like eating glass"
Nope.. I havent. At least not yet.
Remember the basics in life say please and thank you it goes a long way in building interpersonal relationships
Lol I was just told,"Don't drink the redbull, go eat the rice I made."
alrighty time to come back
Agreed RT : TOTALLY depends on the object your digitizing and other factors..
We Pray.
Ha. You are so funny. I love the Happy "Today" no need to try to figure out what day it is! :-)
thanks again for the follow
remember this boy + yes he is kidrauhl and will #kidrauhl forever
Definition of fail: burning political signs so nobody sees them only to get more negative media coverage on radio/tv
hold on tight! I'll end the night with handstands. I'm still practicing.
OF COURSE!(: IM OVER HERE HYPERVENALTING! WAS SHIRTLESS!(:
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Alkeisha Island in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
I said nothing about war or racism, and based on your statements, I imagine you know less about Dr. King's ideals than you think.
what about rio Rancho, nm are we fixed.
Flight just got cancelled. We're in WI until Wed. Enjoy your snow Baltimore, but it's keeping 2 really awesome people away.
you should get an apology from that was uncalled for
#TweetersOfTheDay: Follow & Mention --> , , & In Your Tweets! THANK YOU! :-)
hey girl what happened to my follow?
Hi bro)
Are u talking about what u've done or what ur going to do? R ur words & actions matching?
i dont even know what to say to these tweets about this tv show anymore
The LCPS Board meeting has ended. Great job, but we are not done yet!! Almost 400 petition signatures for FLES.
Just ordered package lets do this!
Please follow my friend - you will be glad you did!
Just like most of the things glamorized in "Atlas Shrugged", train travel can actually be pretty lame.
the problem with my contributed article is there is no call to action - i gotta rethink
What??? Of course Obama is not stupid!!! He is the smartest person to ever grace this great Earth that we live on!!!
reject is ok, as long as there is constructive feedback :)
Starting now the next three days are going to be hell, never thought i'd say this but can I just skip the weekend?!
There's some weird looking people on the 240 man
Everybody gets one chance to do something great. Most people never take the chance, either because they're too scared or because they...
Our Special Today: Prime Rib !
funny I'm reading several quotes from Steven Jobs today..of course he's in the news alot now
wat time u gotta wake up? I will be up early so let a playa know if u need a wake up call.
I love Hennessy
I miss your face!!! When do we get to see you? I need your boy updates. Lord knows I've missed some?
Taking public transit is not fun when it's cold.
Hm...something must of been in the air! Prayed4 U 2 have Phil4:13 Day too! ;)
Is it just me or is this Floyd Manny fight overblown. Neither in their prime, early mid30s, hasn't MP won a few sketchy decisions recently
Yay for ball. The guys at Sing Sing love it.
"Some Nights" release day!
it's my pleasure!!!!great 2012!!!!
Woah, yer tellin' me I just played for 110,000 people in less than 48 hrs? We can safely say that the people of Massachusetts areawesome
With the Raven Team & at Citizens Bank Park. Go #Phillies! Show them how we do!
Beez in a trap beez beez in a trap
"Strong Middle Class" includes all in the 9th. We'll work on creating good paying jobs & making economic opportunities a reality! - JDG
Adorable! The atty I worked for in undergrad used to bring her 2 youngest to the office with her. Best work distraction :)
gahh im almost practically a senior. holy shit.
Bahaha! RT: Some dinosaur ghosts are fucking outside my window. Or there's a storm... no one knows for sure.
cleaning the house up so I can go for a swim before fam reunion!!!
That was so fun! xx
Go millz you doing your thing man and do it (in big sean voice) send me some cds or sumthing lol:-)
“: happy nurse's week! #shoutout” RT Thanks sexy.
Thanks!! i was meaning to watch this!
Ray Allen broke out the VI's tonight..
#orlandonightlife anything. Let's try this
Keep the fucking ball down!
I miss you beautiful chick!! (: you sound awesome in the new video! Love you!! <3
hahah well thank you.
My stock broker has made me aware of a fantastic investment opportunity: selling them short.
“: Still loving my Power Capri. Another great 7 mile run in them today. #runchat” Yay!!!
are you in jail?
I'll message you.
My other phone was running Android 2.4, not sure what it was called... this is MUCH more smooth & intuitive.
One should never know too precisely whom one has married.
"...seems like a minute. That's relativity."
Thanks for certifying my license to ill. RIP MCA.
Your something else..!!!
Seated front & center for "The Blue Flower" at Second Stage Theatre
aww that sounds awesome! I bet it was a great crowd! Glinda seems like such a fun role..I love love "Popular" such a fun song!
me too. We will get there someday.
I'm going to take a very long nap then wake up to hang out with
I just went with my wonderful wife to a Dodge dealer to look at a Caravan!
Slo Mo tourney is taking place but no one sent me a sched. So I'm chillin.
My minds going half crazy cuz i cnt leave you alone- Musiq soulchild going in right now <3
playing w/Pinterest. Made a board & added you to it. Now it shows on your page. Didn't know it did that. Ok, or no? I can fix.
#FAINTS what day is it so I can take off work for it today!
- We're offering $20 off acupuncture treatment for the first 3 of your followers to respond!
How will CISPA (Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act) affect you?This forces all ISP to disclose-even if their terms say they won't
Hey, have you noticed the new red button on our web page? Have you seen what happens when you click on it? Give it a try!
cool. Let's do it here. How's the weather? Any thoughts about Dupin?
Interviewing the great, Paul Shortino tomorrow for Tales from the Stage. Can't wait!
you do that a lot. Haha
#whatayear can't wait til #NYE, going to see if I can get a deal on some drinks!
baby, I LOVE YOU!!!
When I get angry, boy does my house get clean and straightened. I'd say this is a positive outlet for this energy. What do you do?
Thanks. I'm going to miss the Barclay Super Bowl party circa 1992 this weekend!
“: Heard the rumors! Can't wait for Easter service tomorrow So excited!”
Omg OKC swept Dallas...Mavs suck!
#thatminiheartattackwhen you mae eye contact with someone while blanking out then right at that moment you are back to reality *blushing*
Whats the opposite to writers block because I have loads of that right now.
Requests? Eminem?
If he can keep his head straight, LAL could be tough to beat. I think Perkins could get in his head in Rd. 2 though.
Penny and Bernadette invite Amy to her first slumber party on tonight's Big Bang Theory at 6:30! Watch with us!
Really enjoyed being part of #BRP2M event tonight. Thanks for moderating , and thanks for inviting me !
Just saw an ad on Facebook for Team Epilepsy. Obviously I haven't been keeping up with Twilight.
jus finish watching teenwolf 2 hours ago.....im still wonderin is jackson is the allpha
Just walking around being accompanied by the crisp air as you take a look at the fall plumage.
It was all true! I left your session energized!
RT : you're ugly and you can't sit with us bye
I said NO!!!! tHATS Y U GOT NO FOLLOWERS
My birthday is May 2nd also
Already midterm week here at #Loyola. Looking forward to hours of grading fun.
I got ran over by a golf cart nd messed up my shoes!
I lurk all the speakers regularly and need full blown sessions to glean more:)
Met the son of Portland's first Vespa shop owner. Old skool scooterists remember when Mario owned it. His dad brought Mario over from Italy.
Adam Dunn can't field a ball and the announcers don't mention it. Nice miss Dunn. Tivo the bottom of the 5th if you missed it.
Giving yourself a comb over right when you get out of the shower >>
Early night tonight.. I hope I'm not getting sick feeling a little under the weather:-S
Which restaurant did you order from? RT “: Bout to try this deliver me food raves about. Its sushi time!!”
Nasopharyngeal carcinoma.(PATHOLOGY CLINIC): An article from: Ear, Nose and Throat Journal
I think I remember something about that, wasn't that a straight to DVD thing? Either way, I bought about a thousand copies.
you need to change you password on twitter bud. You're sending out spam mail..
I wish you did too! Thanks for helping spread the word!
Waiting to pee
Thanks for recommending Molina's!
AOL looks amazing! My project is about individual identity in #DC Consider recording on your cell one part of your weekly routine!
I just text her and she never replyed
Hopefully it doesn't include money -.-
Results are in from GiveBIG! Over $16,000 raised to help support the arts in Puget Sound! Thank you to all our donors and !
": Your that! Thanks You rock. That is all."
I'm selling niggas arrogance and I got it going at a bargain
Yeah I figured its good to set some goals! Hope u are gonna have a good summer too!
What's the name of/link to your company?
Talked to some merchants. Small town central #Indiana thinks #Superbowl benefits were intercepted by downtown
Wtf, I don't even wanna watch this anymore
i hate papers
I'm just wore out now from all the 31!
Thanks for the follow!
hello klaus!fr. Philippines here,,and we would love to hear a word from you pls..TVD rocks here!
"Read the damn play!"
oh man, thank god.
Happy mothers day
My boys come before a lot..so if you can't vibe wit em you can't vibe wit me
Watching my cats fight for space in front of the fire
love you :)
wats good I'm at ya spot?
ohh no :/ do you want me to type up the study guid??
It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :-/
Man in audience: We already have two parallel school systems -- charters and district -- bec of trust.
Diggin' the weather today! Not to hot, not to cold. Just right :)
me and pilar send all of our prayers and love out to all of the loved ones' lives that were lost in Haiti and hope things get better there.
I agree!!!! That's awesome!!
Haha yeah I'm not on itunes just yet. When I have the EP release show, I'll hope to find someway for digital distribution :)
i like the initiative, but maybe i should do the writing lpg. or should i say lpg"!!!!!!"
Damn I been listening to daily #NP #FKI - cooln
I haven't heard from in a while.
aha , ill cook you pupusas one of these days <3 what's aguachiles ?
We just voted for you Good luck. We vote everyday! You rock. Take that popup away from your website. To hard to enter.
can u follow She's a sweet Angel. Please and thank you.
Who comes out at night? Lol
Happy Birthday to !!!!
Check out A Cross to Bear on my page
U know it!!! Awesome Friday night. Get at me if u wanna get down
Is being bribed with a Great Dane (all dog food and vet bills included)
Keelz_4Realz i prolly spelled this wrong. But i wanted to say Hi! A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
., who uncovered Detroit City Hall abuses for , weighs in on firing of saying he was "wrongfully terminated."
Right ": That awkward moment when you realize your text hasn't been answered...in DAYS!"
says you
Don't Red Sox fans realize Josh Beckett is actually their BF? Video games, golf, beer, and fried chicken. Minus golf, those are my interests
I'm using Sparrow on my phone for Gmail now. Wish they'd hurry up with an iPad app!
Discussing the recent changes in Personal Injury law on AM 580 WDBO. Give us a call at 1800-329-5858.
Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!
roxy would you like to work together
We had a synergistic meeting with the Keller Williams Leadership and the Southwest Section PGA last night to drive the Partnership forward.
:') You're the best.
Had more new followers than usual recently, I think I followed everyone back, besides the porn or spam. So, hey everyone & thanks!
I hope your finger is okay spazzy <3
Anyone else think that looks a little like Peyton Manning? Cute!
Nice meeting you last week. Now, I'm following you here :)
"I am not here to improve my social standing by "keeping up with the Jones's" - I want to be better than that!" ~ Peter Baylis
Was gonna take a pic of us together but my big headed lil cousin ruined it -_-
thanks 4 follow
No solo</3
#KSsynapse Zoghbi announces launch of (she's senior academic editor along with Eve Marder & Catherine Dulac.) Site live today.
8 minutes on hold. Ok finally!
Born Sandy Devotional must be Australia's greatest contribution to the world.
This head ache is so undeserving and so relentless
It took the radio 38 years and the television only 13 years to reach 50 million people, but the internet reached 50 million users in only...
Of course RT : Can I get out of work 4 hours early?
Y'all just don't understand how ready I am for Christmas! #ItsTheMostWonderfulTimeOfTheYear <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
wats up slimthugga love your music
With the semester's close, now is the time to update the Center. Adding computing power for students using Final Cut Pro.
Uh girl where were you today? Hm BUNDA! (:
I am SO happy I just spent my whole Saturday thinking about work. Thanks #uxcampdc!
loving vaca in TN! taking home a sweet little stray kitten!
aw, c'mon back. It's not so bad if you wear slip-on shoes, go bareheaded & barehanded, and like the proximity of others :)
Love being back in SoCal but feeling nostalgic for NYC
Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song and I'll try not to sing out of key...
Also I'm dying down from this too, but just from time to time to bring it up for the hell of it it's not like I'm 100% assholic
Im a new self published author my book is no where to be found on Goodreads what do I have to do to add it?
Just watched this week's Real Housewives of NJ. That was awesome. Theresa = Bad. Melissa = Good. Together = Great Craptastic-TV.
This cat done pulled a 8 mile choke job on 106!!!!!!
Is it me or is #FranCamp sort of like an unofficial fan club? Just say his name and everybody lights up. :)
Thank you so much, Kathy. Please RT it and encourage others to as well. God just would not let me go until I wrote it.
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS FUCKIN BIRTHDAY! HAPPY BIRTHSAY BEST FRIEND! :) <3
Oh, very cool app! (and design ;) Thanks! Props to
I hear ya. Im fuckin wit ya. U spittin from ya heart & I can hear it.G-shit. U say u wanna collab so what u got in mind lil mama?
Still not sure what you're doing this Saturday? #SpeakingOfFebruary4th, think about it!
not like anyone is listening, but I do generally (and this is not meant to be a factual statement ...
can you make my dream come true by following me.
stop starting stupid shit ... u are not harley ....
We don't think so! RT : Is it wrong that I got all super stoked when I saw that is now following me?
If there is anybody interested in speaking at the next Dec. 9th breakfast, please me or send me a DM.
Thank you as well,,, let your friends know about us please!
Im with my sister! xD
Hahaha he sings for Electric 6, who I love, love, love.
I thank the great city of Newark for making me a leader! I'm a alumni of Weequahic, Grambling State Univ and Johns Hopkins Univ!
Wow woman
can't wait for Fiona apple's cd release in june....well itunes...you are my friend.
I would so love to do this work from a boat in the middle of the southern seas... ...wake up Pete! Work awaits...
thank you
I love love love to TREAT myself to nice things! So stacking paper is something I don't mind doing!
I bet I he killed one of your family members you wouldnt be yellin Free boosie
Maybe you feel like "a muscular baby in a demonic playpen" (as heard on ninja warrior).
#FridayReads Slogging thru TAIL OF THE TIP-OFF by Rita Mae Brown for next week's mystery book group. Not at all my thing.
We're 21! Why are you all getting married????
Nigga u 2 short for me !
i just can't wait to meet justin omfg.
Pretty sure I just felt another earthquake?
ok(: and that's why I took them off at prom.
Fill in the blank: All you need is _________.
my pack loud, my gat loud, i back out & click clack ! <U+E113><U+E113> pow pow ! <U+E00D><U+E00D>
so wonderful to see + at #thewwclub this evening!!
That would be awesome! i would go with you! that would be so fun!
Shout out to the #Denver peeps at
hope it doesn't take much time or energy
Yes! RT maybe he's saying that it's lame that he died? Just sayin'!
A lovely weekend, all. Happy Mother's Day to all my momtweeps - especially Panda Pearl's own !
In April 1683, Staats' will approved by Robert Livingston. will entered 1684, died about 93 years old.
Riots in LA??? No way...NEVER!! LOL
Having a 512 whiskey aged double pecan porter w/ Holy moly its an amazing beer.
i <3 haters
Leaves are gone from the trees; plastic bags are showing up again. Call us and we'll grab them from trees in Midtown District: 410 528 1512
#ward5se Have you voted yet? Its a great day to do so. Let's move forward, together. Vote
Well, gotta go, hopefully we survive the night. Have a good one Alisha
Not gonna lie... any time I get drunk.... I wanna shout out to the #TranceFamily!!
I need one of those.
Aww... Well of course I'm gonna follow a lil hottie like you. Thanks for the follow back.
only draft picks
Fill in the Blank: I could really do with some __________________.
You must follow back so that I can DM back.
Most of these are consumer boxes with not enough RAM. Only about 25% still worked. These need to be recycled. Sigh.
Great show 2nite!
Glad is releasing 'Wide Awake' as her last single. It's probably my favorite of the 8(!) that's she's released in 2 yrs
can someone explain to me WHY people use auto responders? They are completely impersonal - I unfollow people when i get them.
not gonna happen
Is it Braun and Rodgers related?
not you!!!
to see if he could rattle them a bit. Rads could come back and really prove his point Monday. I think they win Mon but lose Wed
Hey listen, it'll be nice just to see your frikikikiki chest with or without the gold, even though the gold chains R a nice touch
I wanna be on ABDC someday it's look fun to be there. Lol need to wake up :)
Thanks for sharing your notes!
...and so it begins
School should be illegal
I'll be there on Thursday! RT : Show of hands: Who's going to tomorrow night's game to welcome the #Orioles back into town?
Their will be a #giveaway please stay tune and tell your friends to like this page and on twitter
Hope its a nice day tomorrow because I plan to enjoy this book and cd signing at the Nubian bookstore in southlake mall. 5pm. C u there
Crazy late this morning. Thank you, underground.
I'm sorry, but twinkies are disgusting.
We're happy to have you on board!!
I am not awake enough to laugh at 6 am.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Disney Movies.
My cousin just texted me about how amazing is in Houston right now. Incredibly jealous. Maybe I'll watch her Coachella set again.
beautiful eyes there mrs independent:) i love it! have a good day!
well isn't that nice
Celebrate Valentine's day at Maxi's Bistro in Beautiful Little Italy!
(Cudahy) Teen hit by vehicle in 3400 block of E Grange.
needs to figure out some activities!
said "just pee in a cup" me: "I can't pee in front of people!" : "even if it's a Jam band?"
Writting some new material for mondays session at jalopy productions. Woot woot!
20 seconds of insane courage
what the non-fiction writing set was up to this afternoon: me and eating burritos at Cacao. Can't wait until they get beer...
2day is goin by so slow....
publishers have to be funny or analytical - some take that's different & value added - ppl want instant reaction
Navy has me in San Antonio at the ass crack of dawn
Should a Democrat, or a Republican, or an Independent, or an ET become our next U.S. President?
sean avery playing his best game of the season tonight.
Counting down the minutes until the Florida/Tennessee game... Go Gators!!
The 'London Whale.' Does that make Jamie Dimon Ahab?
Thanks to the Dean's Internship program, I spent the spring semester interning for
Smh I know you seen that? O__o just gonna dismiss me like it's nun lol
With Fruits Rouge? RT : Peeling rhubarb for consomme for one of the last cocktails for the menu.
I hate when I have a song lyric stuck in my head, but I dont know what song. I just sing the whole thing like an idiot sometimes.
WHO IS THERE
Small minded people just BUG me. Ugh!
It's our turn for the AC to stop working.
put that loveliness on Facebook por favor ;)
Most wont admit it but a Follow Back means a lot. Plus It's the fastest way to create a smile without much effort "wink"
no I was over it anyway!
we still need canning instructions! Plus if we made it that far we'd come further for good Mexican food :)
not to worry .... we've got complete control of the situature.
what a weirdo
My fav session this week: today's Collegeology with , , and
This weekend was great. I don't want to go to school this week!
Great! RT : Heading through JFK T5 today and tomorrow? We hope you enjoy some Irish entertainment with our friends from Aer Lingus
Just add water...it may grow..however, if it's dead when you bed it...it's dead...sorry...a bit more poetic code from the rockstarBITCH
What if when you clicked "Expand" it replaced short words in a tweet with much longer words.
A comprehensive range of configurations and accessories can be utilised to meet specific requirements.
my funny valentine RT : Before there was Kem, there was Kyle Barker
school books that it
Real gym rats/workers r like assasins...always moving in silence. No need to broadcast the work being done...it's revealed on game day.
Why would you say someone's mom is ugly though?? That's rude
Thanks Ben!
Girls don't like boys, Girls like cars & money.
219 row 9 seats 7 and 8 :-) next to the scary guy with crazy hair.
Proverbs 25:28 He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down, and without walls.
So glad I took the day off...sleeping in my own bed felt so great. *deep sigh*
I swear Barack's been hacking away at his other Twitter account ALL DAY! What the hell is he working on? Doesn't he have a prompter to read?
I'm going to miss my daughter when I go back to work,but glad to get back before I start talking baby talk to my clients.
“For God and country — Geronimo, Geronimo, Geronimo. Geronimo EKIA”. - Unanimous Navy SEAL. In and out in 42 minutes flat. Job well done.
I want to fly Perth.... if my work allow though :\ e.
is watching TO's new show...this should be interesting...can't be worse than the surprise of Bruno!!!
swagg... so you new to twitter huh lol
Awesome! Thanks for sharing and please tell Jordan hello!
Omg you're an amazing singer!
Let go & it will be yours forever.
Thank you so much :)
I bet Aladdin's Eatery does.
more like the dawn of awareness of a universal brain we are creating.
"Lost" is an affront to narrative. If you watch it, seriously stop before Salinger's ghost comes to rape you in your sleep.
Made ch. cacciatore in the crockpot, ran the vacuum on the floors and up the walls, washed a couple loads of afghans, etc.
only three lamb chops left! better get in here....
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge would they call it Fed Up?
Looking forward to it! cc
Will apps go away in the future? What will replace them?
What Skillshare class would you like to see most in Philadelphia?
I must attract police all the time or something always getting pulled over for something
Thank you! We will see how it works.
Love these conversations I'm having lately haha.
At 3:15 today tune in to Max 94.1 in Baton Rouge as the Men's Basketball team at BRCC will be on air with
thanks for coming!
My girl BEYONCE!
It's nice to turn off your phone for a few hours.
One how left in the 2010 MDA Telethon - help us reach our goal. Will update the tote board soon...
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 1~~ 1.Be extremely well prepared. 2.Join a Toastmasters club for extra practice.
is wisely breaking down just what #RomneyEconomics means - fat profits for the money men, loss of jobs for everyone else
Reading Annie le Brun reminds me my favorite philosopher remains Marquis de Sade
It's warm out there! New record high for St. Patty's Day in Columbus!
so been there done that :-)
I'm on fire and now I think I'm ready to bust a move.
Our thoughts go out to all affected by Hurricane
october 2nd. YEAH YEAH
• Did they ever say how Juan Perez was injured? Seems an odd injury.
Tim Tebow converts, baptizes and gives communion to Third Downs.
": Alex Castellanos gets the "Condescending Prick of the Day" award. #MTP I would've kicked him in the balls. #maddow"
I guess that would make that person CSHigh...
My check fuel cap warning is on. I hope I don't get trapped under a gas truck and explode. I'll take the risk. Thanks Lloyd Christmas
In between the moments of The lady I've become A voice beats through the noise like drums
can't wait to see u tonight. :)
Destruction of corporate team-building would take a group of at least nine. This makes it pointless
How is everyone?(: -Kayleigh
Thanks to and for the best Bday presents!
HURTING PENSIONS: is under investigation for practices that hurt pensions. Learn more:
sososo pumped! I got my outfit ready today lol
I hane mde it official. I am giving up driving a Chrysler for #Lent this year. this is gonna be a tough one.
I will never return to Yield bar. I suggest you do the same.
Good new shows...coming your way pronto.
of UFC promoters and stuff but thinking about doing TUF because of all the different talent and would be a big challenge and wou
stupid holidays.
Hey chick who drove your motorized wheelchair over foot? Fuck you die in a fire
yo when people talk during a movie i wanna punch them in the face
RT Victpria Stodden quotes: a scientific article is simply an ADVERTISEMENT for the science.
I paid $5 and I'm excited about watching dd, but no iPhone or iPad support? Fail!
Everyone make sure and head to tomorrow for their one year anniversary and updated menu! They're amazing.
King Oliver's nickname came from his favorite movie, "Oliver!"
The Rams keep stockpiling picks. Considering who they are actually selecting, I think not picking is the best strategy.
Awesome! You are very welcome :D
well, we know it isnt Mcdreamy- he signed on for 2 more years!
I thought of him immediately as I was watching!! #Lakers on the brain 24/7.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 75
Uh oh. Four weeks of school left and I think I've wrecked my circadian rhythms.
Get your TAN ON! *Specials Today* Buy 5 UV Tans, get 2 FREE! Buy 5 Instant Tans for $75 or 10 for $125! Huge LOTION and MEMBERSHIP sales!
I nice armillary? That would be cool.
he just moved a week ago.From what he tells me he likes it so far, but the shame he hasn't check out the gay scene
AH I wanna be back in NY so bad. Only one month til I'm back though. When's NP let out?
“: Bob Uecker on why his statue took so long, "It was financial, I didn't have enough for the down payment." #Brewers” haha!
thanks for the follow JT
Poker with my boys =)
awesome! :) Have you signed up yet?
sparky fears mikewickett. I think you guys should have a show down.
Elevate is so different from their 1st album, but it's a good different. i just love their songs <3
thanks for following.
Wonderful! RT : had an alumnae initiation last night! We welcomed two new alumnae members!
Sky9 over the ice rescue at 51st & Chambers. Both kids out- firefighters packing up.. ice is really, really thin on lake at the park.
My favorite miracle worker is birth control.
Wow I went over tweet 54500 and didn't even notice
She wants to touch woo-o
In my opinion, Kendrick Lamar is too dope & exclusive to be on the radio.
A nuetron walks into a bar and asks "how much for a drink?" The bar tender replies "for you no charge!" BAZINGA! -Sheldon
Did someone die at Ben Davis again?
The only people you need in your life are those that need you in theirs. <3
"Mac-Gray, intelligent Laundry systems" that was on a van at McDonald's......
We were there few months ago. Kids loved it! RT : This event at looks wonderful! Anyone been there before?
Diversity Rising: Census Shows Mormons, Nondenominational Churches, Muslims ... - Huffington Post
Fire up the grill... the temp outside has hit 66 degrees in Mpls.
I don't think you'll ever know about how much you mean to me.....
Im not stayin in the house 2nite I gotta do somethin even if its all by myself
There's this chick, her name is Shes my inspiration, role model, & my smile. Xo.
Weeds are flowers, too, once you get to know them. - A.A. Milne
He is stopping the way they have scored in the past 2 ots. Must have reviewed it!!
Oh dearest yoga how I have missed you! Awesome, sweaty class with Deborah at !
what will it take for Thomas schaf to get sacked from werder? Appreciate what he has done but would like new direction
Does anyone know of an #architect or #designer who can help us think through floor plans for the #library?
dear my sinuses: I hate you. stop hurting me
So stressed lately....i need some odds to be in my favor. C'mon now!
So much shit has pop off the weeknd of my Born Date, It Just feels Like Another Weeknd. LMAO. But Happy Azz Hell to Make it another year!!!!
happy day to all!
Yooo! Big ups to and for favoriting a couple of my tweets last week. I'm all honored and whatnot.
Yes everyone has the right to their own opinion but I have the right to tell you how stupid your opinion really is
This day better go by quick ):
I knew it was way to good to be true !!!
Its #castleween today :D
just wrote a check to hold my place at dissertation bootcamp
yo you got that! i sent that thru
Me:D
idt we do
Yeah, me too. Just wish it waited past 6:30am to start.
I listened to your Mothers day service this morning. It spoke right to my heart.
is looking scary
Jersey tomorrow for Andrea's baby shower :) Betting it's going to be a Timmy, not a Gwyneth :)
good luck tonight(:
the white death!!!
all I have to say is KEEP TRYING! never give up. (:
Really liking the new linked in for iPad app. Learning valuable lessons about content reuse.
great work with Caine's Arcade! It's an inspirational for promoting creativity , innovation & the entrepreneurial spirit. nice film!
SNOW today! I'm so happy. And now it's back to my workshop to photograph the pendant I just completed!
“: tonight: at the grand opening of (formerly the Olde Auburn Ale House) $10, doors at 9, OIT at 11”
You see the storm clouds coming in? I smell rain:)
oh I just meant I'm not sure what the Spanish speakers are referring to when they use it.If u search the# you'll see it come up
Good morning. Coffee and a Quote: "Realize that your future lies in your own hands. Practice self-reliance." -Paul Robeson
Baking on a Sunday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Been sittin in these stupid workshops all day!...I'm ready to mingle lol
yoire fired. I have another manager now
anytime you wanna come over :) lol.
I'm Tristan's BFF for lyfe
That's one of the best things about it--reaching people you thought you'd never reach, simply giving kudos or sharing.
Busy weekend keepin' on going first thing in the AM with a Wedding Trial!!
RT : One challenge to DML education...mixed age classrooms. The solution? Match competencies!
Q for the panelists: if data viz is getting more complicated, what skills do people need in order to read a viz well?
Our dogs should have a play date!
Thank YOU! We couldn't have done it without your support! :D
Its all starting to come together
I heard Justin Bieber's Boyfriend in my car again. Next time that song comes on, I am going to drive my car into a wall.
ha! that's my neighborhood. i live two blocks from there. but i'm over at Soho Coffee and Tea @ 22nd and P
Working hard for something we don't care about is called stress; working hard for something we love is called passion. -- Simon Sinek
Anything which seems wonderful or beautiful is to that person his guide to the spiritual.--S.H. Sharpe
Follow our ed policy think tank friends
Sometimes I fucking hate you. but its all good brother. What time is the game tonight?
pass it here
Retweet, tweet back, but no following back? Whats is this? Hahaha
UTLA testimony: if school districts follow their own policies and the law, school safety would be strengthened.
Aw...thanks Chris!!
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote “Houston, we've had a problem.” – John Swigert – Apollo 13
Lets get drinking from 7pm to 10 pm. All u can drink for $15 ..#mkehappyhour at your service..
Romney worked in Private Equity for 20+ years and most of these guys operate borderline ethical. Press need go through all the Romney deals
#JUSTIN BIEBER <U+2665>
If ur a reall man u wouldn't say u love me through a dm! You'd show ur love in front of everyone!
My daughter is dancing to the new album in her baby seat. I don't blame her. It's that good.
Jack White is seriously one of the greatest musicians of this generation.
My colleague from is working on story on Michael Walter,can you help him get vid?
Lol! I'm more of a facebooker!
Attentive personal service is part of a good restaurant experience...may as well order from home in this case.
way late on this ! Nice seeing u too!
Haha, didn't you win it last year?
all are welcome, just an event hosted by my mother and my wife in honor of women's history month.
There is not any importance in humanity. It's all a egoistical mask full of deception.
Yes it does.
Only do what God tells you too as most people will do all they can to tell you what they think is right
that's right high standards is always good
looking for pro and ammy mma fighters to fill card in Ohio in November and December and ammy in California in January
just so you know, my wife and I love you for that tweet.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 47
#Maybe you could get your jag on at Monday's later
you had me till you said lesbian stripping blonde midget loves pedophiliac dancer on wednesday nights on 83rd cause youre ghetto ;)
If I was not so pretty in my eyes
oh ok :) that is just SO sweet!! you just can't imagine how much!!!!! <3333333333
USGS says: 6.0 Mw - OFF COAST OF OREGON .oO that isn't enough to cause a tsunami, is it?
black or white iPhone? you decide
Wow, such great and enjoyable pictures! You're a stunner, that is for sure!
Gonna lay out today before work :) need to soak up some sun.
Just dyed my hair,its reddish-brown now and smells horrible.another weird dream last night correction really weird
It's getting dark and I'm too lazy to get up to turn on the light. Send help.
everybody ._. Dude omfg mikey from the iconic boyz just tweeted me happy birthday ^_<3
Some TV shows arn't quite bad enough. So while they air, they put graphics bottom of the screen to promo upcoming crappy movies. Makes sense
Remember that one time we got white girl wasted and sang every single word to RHI and then the music stopped and life was awkward?
Talk about lake effect! It's 80 degrees in Madison, WI, and 47 degrees in Milwaukee.
Why did the Walking Dead go from 28 Days Later to Little House on the Prairie?
Welcome to Monday, Indy! A big thanks to our newest followers:
"I don't wanna be afraid, I wanna wake up feeling beautiful today."
Who the fuck names their kid Channing Tatum. Really? REALLY?
how is everything
lol *waves from baggage claim* my bag was the first out! Things are looking up
Finishing Alejandro Jodorowsky's El Topo--brilliant film; this man can do no wrong.
we on top looking down with Binoc's, Hot Damn, I love Hip-Hop
Heavenly homemade veggie pizza. There. Should be pictures... but there aren't
Starving college student? Show us your student ID prior to ordering & we'll give you 10% off your entire order! Pls. RT!
Adams: In the VAs eyes, there's no such thing as the war in the Afghanistan or the war in Iraq
May 20th Show wit Waka, May 25th Show/videoshoot performance wit Alley Boy & Trouble, July 6th Show wit Plies! WE WORKIN!
Knox county is represented well on 40 west today
Boy i swear ppl hate to see u doin way better then them..bitch put In work lol
So tired of some peoples incompetence.
y take the effort to send the card back if u are not going to sign it. My kid is seriously disappointed, u were his hero.
I just sent you an email bro
I won first place in the swimsuit competition! A special thank you to my friends who came out and supported me!! :)
Aggregation model - gather material freely available instead of using a textbook.
Black Bear Conflicts Down In N. Idaho- Idaho wildlife officials say complaints about black bear behavior in the northern part of the...
Building your own empire takes the focused teamwork of like-minded people. You can accomplish anything with the right people on your side.
Tonight's Special: Grilled Prawn Skewers w tarragon-walnut pesto, provolone & eggplant "sandwich", roasted tomato couscous,...
*insert deep thought here*
In my new house for the first time!
Tales to tell: student to research ancient teeth in Peru - Las Cruces Sun-News
same here Dan..
QoTD: "It's the empty can that makes the most noise." (English Proverb)
Later that morning, M. Bronson said he received mass email from neighborhood assn mentioning terrible hit & run the night before. Realized.
r u going to fart or pee? Or both?
idk to either of those questions...me and Colleen dont really talk anymore and my mom is working so i dnt think i can go
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is so freaking annoying but you have to love them...-_-
Well, you should get a lot done today! That's way better than TV.
we #love her too RT : You left this guy in vegas... Lol ": I can't get enough of this girl --------> "
OMG #Barca missing so many opportunities.
Fantastic! Amazing. Congrats and looking forward to the end result!
Join InGenious Clothing Co! Calling all #Photographers #GraphicDesigners #Promoters in the Philly area. Serious inquires DM. . .
when a quarrel is open between the past and the present it only disappear the future.its too early to quit raise your standards today
If the #Brewers go 7-7, which is realistic, the #Cardinals would have to go 14-2. It's not going to happen - we got this!
Music's got me feelin so free we're gonna celebrate. One more time. Ohh how i love you #DaftPunk!
Shortwave Society at the Tin Roof in Charleston on Friday!
and your made up news this morning was exactly what...?
Minor setback for a major comeback
RT : Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.Theodore Roosevelt TYG!
yea buddy I go my ipad
Do you follow me on twitter? If so, great! If not, please follow!!!
and the fact that opposing running backs run out of bounds for no reason, fumble the ball ect lol
Can sum1 hlp me get followers
wondering why twitter exist.
Denver game was good but this Detroit game sure is entertaining.
2 new live play questions posted in #SportingExplore, including an Espinoza yellow ? and ? about 1st sub of 2nd half for KC.
He said it was my mothers day gift from him.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve.
Massiverocketradio.com is no longer streaming live events, for more info email us at
Thanks to Alaska Airlines wifi, just exchanged emails with as he flies to NE for Saturday's Timbers game. So cool.
We never got that order. Did you place it yet?
Just wanted to say happy new year and say thanks for featuring our story on the blog today!
#Boulder Daily Camera: #Colorado rep Coram & #gay son split on
Fan Favorite !
#fridayreads RT : Congrats ... #MenUndressed just may be the most fashionable read of the year! (co-edited w/ )
Well, my plans got screwed.
I'm exhausted as fuck :(
No next time I see him im punchin him, he's been pissin me off lately
Still on set -- on camera talent for the day. I forgot about
Would some institution please host a debate between Caitlin Flanagan and Laura Kipnis already.
I'll call you sometime, don't worry. Gotye is practically begging us to cover their song
They call me the BACON of hope...
So glad you wrote it! It's a very cool book.
Let's Go Milan!! Vamos Ibra!!!
thanks for the supplies but i still hate your office employees. they're greedy bitches. it's true
Grappling State Championships for youth and adult May 2012...White Tiger will be winning this tournament!!!
How about salad spinning?
HEY! No boogies, WOOT! No, when did you send it?
any White Stripes, Dead Weather, Racentours, Jack White concerts for us? Let me know, we'll get them and do a nice review!
Look for us at Center Street Daze today!
SO much WILD stuff happening this May! Be sure to stay connected to stay in the loop of all of our awesome events & specials happening!
Being called cute >
LB Business Owners: It's time for the Holiday Food Drive. If you are interested in having a donation box please email thx!
hey mickie james good luck tonight
you should follow me please <3
yes I have MMS CD-ROM in my laptop at work.
PS now taking suggestions of tweeps to follow in Portland and Seattle
You'll have to let me know how they taste once you cook 'em up! “: my seamonkeys are hatching! #newmom”
Great article! Thank you.
you shook my gfs hand and said hello at Bellagio other night. I appreciate how kind and compassionate you are, a beautiful person
Education or experience... Which matters most?
Just because you have a six pack doesn't mean you can model... It's all about the face darling... Which you don't have
I almost fainted when I walked outside. Yeah it's hot. 104 right now in Austin. Another record breaker.
where in the world is .....SEAN SWWWWWANKKK!
Overheard at Meteor; "The internet is not 100% Keyboard Cat & its more Wikipedia than Encarta 97. Its SOCIAL, not static."
best part of being up right now, you ask? BOY MEETS WORLD IS ON!
Lets do it keep me posted!!!
I am thinkin wed. I'll check with Ashiq. PC on WED?
text me if u still gt my number
Woman just came running up to me yelling Arthur, Arthur!. Then she asked for a picture with me.
Going through the guide on the TV and saw "deadliest catch" is playing. Thought of 's joke on them finding Osama
I forgot RT : getting Beltran was genius...they're not missing a beat without...ah... what's his name?
haha my sister found it on tumblr
It is such an odd thing at the hair dressers to say "I like the length but cut it" huh...
justin is so cute on youre background... GREAT!
loved tweeting w/u girls 2day!! !!
"Rob's use of heroin to overcome his alcohol addiction quickly proved to be a Pyrrhic victory."
I really want one. NPR said it will give the I Pad a run for the $. And of all tablets is the best vs I Pad.
Just point me at the kickstarter...
Teachers are a great example. If my freshman comp prof didn't take the time... the caring spirit of teachers!
Good shots here, too... in the Far North
This is how i show my love...i made it in my mind because i blame it on my A.D.D baby!!
My friend just played me this Carrie Underwood song "Wine after Whiskey" ...One of those titles I'm jealous I didn't think of. SO good!
Travel protip: bring your contact solution if you wear contacts.
I love em all I just love me more <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Really? Slangin Henny In The Slab?
Not even a HINT of where y'all will be in Houston? PRETTY PLEASE?
nice! looking forward to it.
me to gahhhh :( i think i'm gunna eat a peach. Hahahha
ACT hosts a Ramayana Rally on May 8 for anyone interested in volunteering, sponsoring, partnering, or being a vendor or artisan this year.
I'm glad I'm not alone in this. I am so over this rainy weather. Come July, I'll be complaining about the humidity & my hair. :)
Shoutout to Lebron James becoming Cristiano Ronaldo and flopping all over the place.
We seem to have picked up a Bollywood radio station.
Imma slap the fiyh out of this bitch
Did you try duct tape? Or doesn’t the Oregon DMV accept the Click & Clack approved fix for the check engine light?
Lucky Lindy was the first man to fly across the Atlantic solo. His son also got kidnapped
Love you more!
We are experiencing issues with our photo upload. We will have this resolved shortly.
Awesome! : The board approved Denver, Colorado as the site for the 2014 #AMTA National Convention.
any plans to support "Undo Send" a la gmail labs in the future?
:)lol imma try and do shows soon okay
well thanks :) next time you come to a game let me know beforehand and I'll bring you some free Braves swag :)
Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will piss on your computer. ~ Bruce Graham
“: What in the hell just happened at Rio Tinto stadium? #MLS” nothing. The game was at HDC.
Congrats to Brandon Slokowski for being our 500 fan! Please stop by and have a drink on us.
RT Every time I see an ad for Showtimes House of Lies, I like to pretend Jean Ralphio somehow became an actor.
Last Milwaukee meal was sushi. Lovely.
Anyone been to the new Looney Tunes in #Allston?
you know it haha
i feel like money
or more!
Man i dnt feel like bein.here
It was great to hear the new Turbos running at the today!
Oh Zuul, come on. I only want to talk to Dana. Dana.
You know, I was just thinking that being alone forever until you die probably isn't as bad as it sounds.
The prevalence of ice cream in children's programs and books is disturbing, even for kiddos who are not allergic to dairy.
but you better than those folks by throwing it back in their face
Thanks for being on the #SPJR9 panel abt blogging, Kurtis -- it was a really lively, fun session!
30 mins. out and the Legion is pumped for a full-scale take over! Get us off these buses and prepare for a sea of green!
FOLLOW ME @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
where you been homie?
Hogsett also would not comment on ongoing investigation into potentially 100 more victims
you are truely the best thing that has happened to music and acting because you tell a story when you sing or act and ilovetht
RT People have opinions about your life, God has plans for it! < That's our God! \o/
it was good to see you!
They said it "derek jeter, one of the hottest hitters in the game" #ThatsRight and people were questioning retirement last year
I would do anything just to see your face again. RIP uncle jimmy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
huhh?? Lol gone monique.... And I wouldn't call them friends if I was u. # ImJustSaying.
Ahh did you bring that big frame from your house?
Treat him like a tootsie pop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> RT : I want a follow and lick all over his body
It's an awesome movie with a ton of butts to look at.
Cantina Laredo gift cards make a great holiday gift for friends, family and co-workers! Get a $10 guest card with a $50 gift card purchase.
100% pure bad ass!
Just finished Brian Doyle's Mink River and brain is flooded with adjectives. Will go with lyrical until I can get review written.
Just completed a 1.66 mi run with Check it out! rnkpr.com/akr6un
Woo! I have a feeling it's gonna be well attended.
It is 73 & sunny at our beautiful NYC campus! Stop by our Welcome Center today and learn about the awesome programs offered at Baruch!
New Poster out for Alexis Bittar Jewelry Designs. The photo is of a lovely Joan Collins wearing LaCrasia Gloves with their fabulous designs
huh? Caryl Rivers makes a habit of exposing sloppy journalism
I want to be able to HELP people even when they didn't ASK......I will I will Lord
From clarkston to Spokane to portland to Fresno to Los Angeles to Denver to Chicago to Indiana then to Michigan WOW
Nevermind...just saw previous tweet. But welcome to the the awesomeness that is Dexter.
Sperry's are awesome don't be a hater!
: So excited for this years #LOLC Charity Fashion Show!
Don't say you miss me when it's your fault I'm gone ...
Talking about UDC and the Housing Production Trust Fund.
Does have a pic of Damon as his icon? <3
“: Your look really beautiful on your Twitter icon :)” Awh thank you! You are so sweet!!
ty for the follow love your BG!
So excited that one of HPL's nominations made the IMPAC Dublin Literary Award shortlist. Even more excited that it was Matterhorn!
it's your own interpretation.
Ill bet its nice to be indoors. Fuckers.
Super Bowl Spread :
Apparently Bay View bars close at 11.
CHROMA OUTLET STORE will be closed Friday, December 23, 2011 and Monday, December 26, 2010 due to the Holidays.
Watching these kids with the Lego robots makes me want to go buy a set and build something.
Your Pretty :) and your very lucky to have Justin(:
Haha oh yeah. It's close though.
Sorry #MadMen, the dialogue has to be a little louder. Can't hear the characters over these chickens that have come home to roost.
holla at me bro
1 less win and #mnwiId are in 11th place in the west!
I'm sure it turned out ok.
Up this early and I dont have work!! Seriously...
2 big remaining horses in Union Rags and Hansen who havent drawn theyre posts yet..both want no part of post 1
Come checkout the Spanish section of our website www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com!!!
Feels like I've been Left Behind in #amherst this a.m. On the plus side, the meadowlarks and Cheez-Its are all mine.
it'll be amazing race 30 and by the time I audition for it
congrats bro I have a friend 32 she's going through right now
#HeartBall is tonight! Thank you to everyone who has helped make this event possible - we're looking forward to a great evening!
living news sensations in Europe...
you made a fan out of me tonight in Pittsburgh. Awesome show!
oh thats ok, thanks though! Sure if you think of it, a pic of the Porsche would be cool thanks !!!
/// But if you ask me if I had to choose.......I would like to see a Clippers vs. Thunder matchup tho.
Women love words. Men: use them in different ways to romance your mate.
Hahaha nice work. I'm wearing a #Brewers jersey. You come up to me, tell me you're a #Cardinals fan, and expect me to help you?
thanks phone, for "syncing" up and deleting half my contacts, again
your welcome keep up the good work ;-)
hardwood floors watch out!
Watching Kevin Na waggle, back off, yell at himself, waggle some more, swing over ball in anger, then stripe one... Strangely entertaining.
it was a great season, wasn't it?
Don't just say you are going to change your bad habits, actually take steps to physically change them.
How is your quote not just inflammatory, given my kids go via good public roads to a great public school?
Follow me cause I like One Direction :D
By all means marry if you get a good wife, you'll be happy. If you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
need help with missing package.
you better go to sleep lol I'm on midnights and I shouldn't even be up right now
I legit hate the life I'm living.
Replacement iPhone came in the mail today. Dropped my last one in the toilet....of course that would only happen to me and my luck.
my favorite FDA update today: "Magic Power Coffee: Potentially Dangerous--Not Magical"
OMG! So proud of you and so glad you had fun! Will there be a second? : )
nap time
Yes, strange. Paging MT Why does story on greek elections on Reuters' hp link to WP Romney story? This is...odd
- for sure, but you said "favorite" not "some favorites"! ;) I'd take ANY event with the best seats in the house
"You know, you say something after too many horns of mead...and then everything gets ugly." - Professor O'Brien
It's non-lethal!
go to bed
Yeah, trying to parse out the points people were making was taking too much effort. I have, like, archives-related work to do.
Laker game 2? RT : You hippie intellectual snob! Why don't you come over and watch some games with us?
finally got to catch today, missed that feeling throwing runners out.
Hey, look at that. My Amazon Cloud, formerly 20 gigs, is now UNLIMITED. I'll be uploading a few (thousand) things tonight.
ROAD TRIP!!! ...lmao
Do Tell! RT : I have discovered a way to take the bacon explosion over the top! Your arteries have been warned!
“: Watching the #Rays on ESPN!” Watching the #Royals on Fox Sports KC...
NYmag just "discovered" "Flushingstone" (what a dumb name) and mention Bayside/Little Neck. Whose teeth can I kick in?
my friend just got one direction tickets.
Oh good! Hiya guys, I was at dinner!
you know what happened when sampson cut his hair?
Hear, hear! MT Congrats to & the entire #panoptix team bringing home the bronze at
RECALL WALKER
Good news this past week. RT Dean Swain reverses course on summer tuition remission! A big win for the MGAA!
Just had the friendliest cab driver ever on the way to HOU. Bernard and I talked sports the whole ride.
What Twitter client / platform are you on? It's an image. You asked a question without a question mark, though.
any lessons learned with the war propaganda leading up to Iraq? Please cite sources when claiming Iranian nuclear weapons intentions
Been spending my entire day watching Drake & Josh reruns on Netflix
come to Hillel for a cookie and to ask !
great, hope you enjoy! iPhone version coming out soon, to make universal app for same price
it's still too early to tell. I'm following all the debates. A LOT can happen in the next few months.
What you up to tonight? :-)
Oh Good GOD NO. RT : 'Joe the Plumber' plans to run for Congress: TOLEDO, Ohio (AP) - Joe the Plumber is plunging into politics.
: Good to know. I'm considering it, and I do think that you'd be a great person to consult. Of course, I have many questions.
congratulations to oomf on gettn engaged..... cant wait!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
would hate if he didn't get a yellow
Sure is and I love her music and country music period
lol you are so funny on here. Reading some of your tweets brings joy to my day!
I'm ready for great conversation over drinks when you are ... when, if ever, our busy schedules allow. :)
Mrs. Hughes here ;-)
Seriously, FSU' s compsci is a doublewide. True story.
F4F guys? please!
Sorry I'll miss you, man. I hope all is well.
U need a Chancletazo cart- like a paletero but w/ chanclas of varying flavors/colors. Dispensing chancletazos!
oh my goodness!! That's awesome!:)
Proud to be famous among the fine people of Minnesota :-)
I hate waiting
People who complain about other ppls tweets but still follow them confuzzle me
damn, all these kidz getting killed. wtf is going on in this world? everybody says they want peace but they're just a bunch of
Break a Leg Tonight at Dantes, Downtown PDX! Hope the ConCon went well!
So, has it always been mandatory to have a young child or baby with you when you go to shop at #Target? Because I didn't get that memo.
Nothing that's worthwhile is ever easy. Remember that.
Summertime, and the livin' is easy.
lol I leave everyday at 1030!
Newt Gingrich can stuff it!
U did, but that's ur job & ur good at it lol> : I had an "Oh Shit" Moment about 24 mins ago...WHO!!! lol The life of an AGENT!
WAY TO GO SUGARLAND. YOU ARE LOVED!
Ha! Addicts recognize other addicts. :-) RT : Stop tweeting about me!
Not even a little.RT :Don't you love that thing where you pretty much fall asleep while sitting up, do the head bob & all that?
aw wah:( woulda been nice seeing you, we need to do lunch soon!
Hey , where did you get that shirt?! I must have it!
The prettiest smiles hide the deepest scars. The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears and the kindest hearts have felt the most pain
hmm...Swine Flu... I am going to wash my hands atleast once every hour now
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <333
oh ok oopsies
RT if you love your fans <U+2665>
u shudve gotten the gift card
Beam me up!
Thanks :)RT : I always love hearing talk Facebook. Everyone should have her at their conference!
Taking a break from a very busy day to play my electric guitar in honour of Les Paul. Safe journey, Les!
Got a reservation at Momofuku Ko for lunch. So pumped!!
Boxers or Briefs? Depends on the occasion...
Trucks and vans available! Call now and get Your movers! How was Your Christmas???
watching family guy :)
This kid at work will never get it NEVER!!!!
have to continue la winning streak
He that lives upon hope will die fasting. – Benjamin Franklin
I love She keeps it real all the time! No matter who is in the room.
Nice! What kind of pizza?
Gonna go to the dollar store for a christmas decoration :D so excited!!
It's SO HOT that ...the best parking place is determined by shade instead of distance.
Hey :) how are you doing? How's the new place going for you? :)
#InThisGeneration laziness & entitlement abound
Cory just told me "on a scale from 1 - 10.... We're dope!" lol
ther is NO doubt that there is #toomuchdoubt to execute this man. in fact he should be re-tried, although probably not legal to do so.
Finally watched the film, AVATAR. I want to dream about that forest.
U Sound sexy
yeah, the parade is Saturday then the festival opens at 12 I think. Sunday is from 2 pm til 9 pm
The person im talking about is my gay friend ...
How you gon' shit on me after I let you shit on me?
Fuck you. Fuck you. And a nice big cup of FUCK YOU TOO!
Any news on status of Paul Pierce's knee?
trekked to Ikea today with the Flgyt and came home with a new bed.
Which apartment is that?
UNTIL NEXT TIME! thanks for thinking of us ladybug! “: I came too late, no cupcakebuggies left...next time :)”
Thanks for the follow. Our goal is to make Milwaukee the healthiest city in the nation through its workforce.
Make my bud the chronic<U+E326> <U+E417><U+E330>
Going to airport early in the moring and heading to memphis.
I'm proud to be offenive
Happy Friday Brian! Thanks for the shout out & have a great weekend! :)
ima need u to get some rest and drink some hot tea and get some Vicks u can't be gettin sick out here
Yawn, good morning Villagers! Anyone else up this early?
Please please please stop making things more complicated- stop complaining and get it done-
Make a Pledge for Earth Month! Stop by any one of our salons this Friday through Sunday to make a Pledge for Pikes Peak Earth Day!
Is this the first-ever instance of any kind of racial diversity in the entire history of #Bachelor & #Bachelorette ?!
I can't wait to see all my friends and family rejoicing in heaven!
": I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness."
When your boyfriends mom doesn't like you .... (n)
Such a beautiful day already here in San Diego!
All of you bored?
hahah had Pizza today too <3
So cool to sing for the ultra famous Elie Wisel the other night. His fingers were tappin' to Mozart.
#20ThingsAboutMe 18. I'm a proud Aunt to 5 nephews & 4 nieces!!:)
“ U r God's beloved child in Christ. Begin 2 soak in His love 4 u 2day. Good things happen 2 those who believe God loves them!”
yeah yea yeah im selfish according to you, dont worry cuz im leaving soon.
The #Badger basketball game is on at 1:25pm this afternoon! We have $2 tall boys during the game!
#nowplaying take me the way I am,
Manly walk of shame. Hahaha. But it's okay, it's from my best friend's place!
It's better to be honest and lose a sale than lie to get one.
“: Falling for you wasn't planned, and forgetting you is not expected. <U+2661>”
are youu going to the chamiidance tomorrow??
So great meeting and other amazing vendors last night!
Marquette I picked you for the Elite Eight!! What happened???
You know you're a college student when... Going to the library is a social event.
I'm probably the only person on this film shoot wearing a dress bought at
Ill just quote them for the 8x10 and the coasters. Thnx :)
We're done in the Middle East. It's time for another war, closer to home, to help out the economy. :-)
Can anyone recommend good twitter fiction/poetry? Also, anyone know of ongoing group twitter fiction projects?
can we get a follow for our card shop?? Best of luck this year
Nobody is fair anymore.
Me too Joe; that was AWESOME. I was a bit late signing on but sent 3-4 tweets; hope you reply to one! LOVE U! <U+2665>
Makes me want to brush up on my Camus.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> <U+2B05> My facial expression when I read this
The #browns need so much help they should call in
Word Big Cee...
Buddy Story opens Buddy is a struggling NYC musician touring the northeast with his pet turtle. Buddy's neighbor Susan seeks an opportuni
iPhone wishes Dr. Levet was named "lever." Anyway, content... Identifying instructors' expectations is critical, to avoid misunderstanding.
I am SO HAPPY you found your cat!!!!
it takes a real Man to pull off a Hello Kitty bandaid.
Cant do a #nr without lying? Uncouth, disgracful luddite
Hanging out with my bff in time sq.
hi we don't have recordings say people have won a prize.
RT if you think that bitch Casey Anthony was innocent #goseeksomehelp right along wit her ass
Here's to words that tell the truth when it's easier to lie. Here's to staring into the sun when you used to close your eyes.
if I'm a bitch than you're a bitch. your moms a bitch for having a bitch your dads a bitch for fucking a bitch. who's the bitch now bitch?!?
sto cantatndo i feel so close to you CODY SIMPSON
shooting justified or not? Two sides to every story.....
1 Mo Day N Then The Weekend..... Then Monday My Durango - cnt wait - Definitely
Merry Christmas Everyone!!!!
How does money counteract racism?
this is getting dangerously close to ugly—Vogelsong walks Helton to load the bases, Michael Cuddyer steps to the plate
ringaling! Hello?! HI Cathie!! Thanks for following! #Mofones loves #art !! :)
brilliant! so much fun to read.
We love wearing pj's!! especially Christmas morning! lol!
downloaded the new software for my iphone- I love it!!!
we've got a good one to fill the void.
Studio time today let's get it
We would live to sing a very happy birthday to !!
OK OK OK, Uncle, Uncle, Uncle. They just showed a closeup of his face. You're right. Is not.
#Patriots TE Rob Gronkowski(ankle) did not practice Monday. Is listed day to day.
Today's candle weather is ass of swamp.
I love this Clipper comeback but Clip fans need to calm down. Stop targeting tweets at Laker fans.
isn't he a kid himself? Well, he'd be lucky, in one respect, he could financially take care of it
okay we followed, follow back:). -leanne
Give us three adjectives best describing the word "Art." We'll be announcing 2 winners TONIGHT at 9pm to win some Pieces of Blaq art!
Looking to relocate to Atlanta after graduation. Any prospects out there?
SLC Punk is one of the GREATEST films I've ever seen.
must have Starbucks!
I Need Love - LL Cool J
haha ... treatment is not finished
Yes! Just tell me where, and I'm there.
got told today that im pretty, funny, and have good taste <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> haha aye #karina appreciation day#
thanks very much. How did you connect with us?
Avengers premiere with , , and D!
Hopefully s/thing good will come of this flu situation. Appetite somewhat gone. Feel like Bricks r on my body. Dropping 5 lbs wd be great
Friday is the LAST DAY to submit your films to The Film Festival of Colorado!
I got to go for a run outside today with Aamiah. Perfect weather!
you at TC roy?
Head to the Bath & Body Works page and go to the "Love at First Mist" tab to send a card and coupon to a mom or friend!
lol we're about to have some phat wallets !
Hahaha! Sounds like a plan. We may need some elaborate costumes...if we're doing a trekkie-esque convention. #wheredoIsignup?
Yes!!!! The SAG-AFTRA merger approved!!
Much respect for those that rock the chest hair. You headed to Miami next month?
velcro+cupcakes: QR codes as poetry?
lol nothing that sweet potato is awesome I just finished one!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Im in a diabetes education class. i am the only black man and human under 40 in this class.
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. -Nelson Mandela
awesome! When and where?? I'll get to meet him with his braces off and with new songs(:
Very excited about class in 2 weeks. I've got some great stuff planned. Lets keep getting the word out!
Extra Spearmint is the King of gums
and white girls #whiteisright and no baseball players
No definitive guidelines for mobile #accessibility but there are related guidelines
At GRAMMYs on the Hill -- what a lineup -- emcee NBCs Luke Russert, honorees Rep Howard Berman,John Mayer, (my pal) Jimmy Jam & Buddy Guy.
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
Must have been that great 1st pitch! :) “: The LC Bears baseball team defeats North Central 9-3! Complete game by #14 Alex Kryah."
How'd I ever breathe without a kiss from goodnight you<3
I take it you didn't see us there.
Getting up every morning a little earlier to write has transformed my week
some people are so rediculous,its messed up
Mad work to do in such little time.
Gettin' ready to bowl. The only sport where a strike is a good thing.
RT : Jeb Bush says he doesn't read edu research and doesn't care about anything that's not a test score. Problematic.
What is thier to do
RT I still haven't recovered from last night's #walkingdead. Feels like I need to join a support group or something. #exactly!
Are you starting the morning w a little #sugarland? I was too!! :)
The Jibble Buddies. ;]
A couple more days till fam come home its goin down LOL
Don't forget today Chili's on Paseo/Wyoming there's a fundraiser for Phil, a Down's Syndrome employee who had a serious stroke. 15% giveback
Just want to CHILL today.... But CAN'T BO HOOO<U+2639>
Piety Street
I can't wait for another chicken & waffle experience! I need it in my life:)
#100ThingsILove music, food, my car, my phone, summer, skiing, swimming, the beach, running, my family, and women
I Like Being #TeamSkinny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Who wants to lose the pounds before New Years. New product - be the first to win at weight loss with RVL www.monaviervl.com. Golf Skinny!
everyone go follow everyone of you that follow him, i'll give you a shoutout! <U+2665> Thankss!!!
In case you didn't know, there was 25 earthquakes today. And 16 Friday including a 6.6 by Malaysia. 4.6 and 4.8 off the cost of Japan today.
Join us as we head to tonight as calls shot gun in the DJ booth! Hit us up with any of your needs
: Where have you been all my life << LOL...appreciate u fam!
WHY I NEVER HEARD A NIGGA SAY HE WAS FROM SWISSVILLE
wow...did NOT see that coming. Things you remember huh? PS: zero idea what any math formulas are though.
m....coffee
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you bought a #timeshare and were #ripped off by #resale companies. We can get you out the only way there is.
We have a "Republic", Liberals try to nudge us into Democrocy. myspellingsucks.
FYI all - as of Monday 9/20/10 our business hours will be 8am-5pm Pacific Time
Watching Jersey shore reruns (:
Stick that in ur butt and smoke it..
Will you be at the game in San Diego today for Opening Day?
Hosting Free Bike Helmet giveaway! First 250 kids 12 & under get fitted for a free bike helmet! April 28 Cycle Eastlake 9 a.m.
There are no “bad” days, only inconveniences. Everyday is good for something.
well in that case tell everyone you know to watch it! ;D
my heart is my compass and music the wheels.
Hello..Helloo Bosani!!! You can't go hard every night you have to pick and choose your battles. Have you ever played compettive sports?
Oh god, nope nope. I'm saving up some serious cash right now to pay off a few things and get my life completely in order. BUT ILY
yup never forgot it!Follow me please!
I like chocolate, blue cheese salad dressing, walking on the beach and I like France. Never been to France, but I like it a lot.
ahh, very unique(:
Entertained by today's #Google doodle.
this greensboro weather will be the death of me....ugh, asthma my ass.
Really needing something to do tonight. Bored out of my mind!
Happy to be doing a play for kids! "Professor Zuccini's Traveling Tales" w/Talking Horse Prod. I am Prof Zuccini/Countess Provolone/Queen
good times
Do you use unity? It's super cool but I prefer a more classic Gnome setup.
Nice... see you at the show!
I followed can you DM them for me PLEASE (:
Alden and Chels go back and forth like they hate each other, but I can tell it's all love
no more presents fir you...
Everyone was hating on Karl Malone but hopefully he just redeemed himself there at the end.
Lamichael to the Niners! I can't wait to watch him tear it up in the bay!
Anyone pumped for 's show tonight? I'm working, come say hey!
hello wheels! They are folky and fun and wonderful. Guns of Navarone are another favorite.
YES. “: I keep hearing Al Harrington and all I can think about is wacky wavy inflatable arm flailing tube men...”
Less time reading #Shogun and more time re-reading #PhantomTollbooth, we think!
TOMORROW IS NEAR!! MAKE SURE YOU CHECK OUT EP "I STILL GOT YOUR ATTENTION" ON ITUNES!!
Decent odds! Let me know your schedule and I'll see what I can do... :)
Here comes the
We cure it for ten days and then smoke it overnight. It's Pastrami Wednesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!!
Michael Landrum Teases, Bryan Voltaggio Hits a Snag: The Week in Food News
Did you know has a TASTING ROOM, WINE CELLAR, OVER 400 WINES & A FULL LINE OF SPIRITS??????? 8616 W Pico Blvd. Los Angeles, Ca!
there's so much poetry in the world.
Enter the Void
anudder new tune arranged last nite. It's...uh...diffrent... But aren't they all?!
If you don't watch Glenn Beck every day, you don't deserve to live in America!!!!
S/O to the up and coming stars, make sure you give em a follow
what the heck?
- you GOTTA use a citicard? or can you just use the passcode?
No way...Great Gatsby! sigh for childhood reading.
Morning all. Looking for a great Baltimore weekend. #Artscape tonight.
Feeling good!!:) today my whole day has been just right.....#whatAGoodDay:)
THATS ALL TO IT.
Love's pure silver flame gives each innermost spirit invisible warmth.
darn it's one month till i turn 20 :D, i'll take Louis's number and be turning twenteen
its good. We prolly gonna finish up on Saturday so it's click pow if you dnt show
U.S. Stocks snapped a 4-day winning streak Monday, logging a loss for the month of April, following mixed economic reports.
Did It Hurt When You Got Your Braces? Cause Im Getting Mines This Year And I Think Its Going To Hurt :/
Good music takes good time... QUALITY NOT QUANTITY PEOPLE
We're enjoying our first ever bloody mary while putting the finishing touches on #bloodybrunch. It's the YUM! :)
it's just a song. I don't really live life that way #ordoi??
#goodpick for the Packers. Two guys now added to help the front 3. Welcome, Jerel Worthy.
I guess <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#aDudeShouldntTellAnotherDude that those jeans make his butt look big.
can't stand you... ugh
Not that this will actually happen but how funny would it be if the Knicks came back from being down 0-3 and win the series?
Need to get my tweet game up
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
A $13,000 blue hyacinth macaw tried to eat my head tonight. Seriously. You can't make this stuff up...
retweet your desire for BBQ... if it isn't right after your last tweet, you might still win...
Push it to the limits??? Shit, I don't have limits :)
Gym time boy
thanks for following me!
": I eat so damn much, yet it is beyond me why I still can't fucking get to 100 lbs." I hate ppl like you...
Yes, I hardly see any of those -- even during summer in Brooklyn
So far Millers decision to strike has been a mistake
damn shame. I'm hoping to get some decent lighting shots this season
I've been looking for u lady. How's things.
since when did friends mean more than ur soulmate. o well doesn't matter
thanks man :)
You get head, you're dead!
Noble Investment Group Acquires the 226 room Courtyard by Marriott Nashville Vanderbilt/West End
Someone drank their H8erade this mornin'
Well, look on the bright side NC, you can still marry your cousin!
thank you so much......
“: Looking forward to a few sxsw shows w & and Kenbone backing me.” Faces will melt.
#safewayj4u Doubling - regionally specific but digital coupons do not double ANYWHERE (but then they never have in Seattle anyway)
Good Afternoon People! :)
Thanks so much for the RT!
mine had like 30 babies before she ran away
dude every time i see jorts i expect the culprit to have a mullet
I wonder how the new Criminal Minds spin off is going to be. The backdoor pilot last season wasn't horrible.
Summer get your ass over here.
#MXpresidentialDebate Joisefina "we need more accountability ... Citizen watchdogs ... Better spending needs no corruption"
The real work of our lives is to know who we are. ~ Les Kaye
I knw I love u too..was ur food good lol
Same shit different day out here trying to get it each an every way ! I am A " HOOD GENERAL "
What're you getting at the Apple Store? (and how did tethering your iPad to the iPhone work out for you?
Our drink menu offers something for everyone, from our House Margaritas to our famous Sangrias.
I swear some girls a friggin stupid!
Pianist Andrew Roussak from Germany has just joined our platform!
School board meeting break - long meeting - budget analysis. Alot to review...
profile picture weird
Can my husband please look like please
Surprised Schwartz was the pick. Thought he'd be available at 67. But hey with the blitzers in the AFC North, I'll take the tackle.
Let's Go Caps!
(insert maniacal laugh here)
Sorry guys can't go see backtrack or imma get stabbed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I realize dat I didn't eat anything all yesterday but somehow I'm just not hungry
The fact that any of you follow me is mindboggling. Though I do appreciate it. I'm in a good mood. Ill follow anyone today.
Big props to and for their 1-2 finish at Hunger Task Force Olympic Games. You can all help tomorrow!
what can social media do for a company?
CAN'T WAIT FOR YOUR CONCERT ON THE 25TH!!
Perils of live reporting: a huge rat ran five feet from me about a minute before my live shot. All I wanted to do was run!!! But had to stay
Got my package rolld up
Lyons put up 15.1 points per game last season, but there is definitely a character concern there. Worth the gamble for depth?
that's great me too:D
Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive and go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive
Great job, NSHMBA Nationals! #NSHMBAU Officer Leader Program Day 1! #NSHMBA Representing New Mexico
1x1 prices just dropped $20... Renovated units!!! We even have a fitness center!
Only if you promise to rock a rat tail every Sunday Funday. Because who WASN'T jealous.
Character is made by what you stand for; reputation, by what you fall for. (Robert Quillen)
Oh! "Micro-site"
#GladysKnight only received 21!! Definitely should've gotten a LOT more on #DWTS!!
Thanks for the follow! :)
Yes I do agree with "the girth"
Autocorrect can go straight to he'll.
2 workouts today!! Can't wait for the turkey burgers has cooking.
I don't care a thing about rules.
Have a Terrific Tuesday everyone!
You're welcome! Thanks for being so awesome! RT Thanks you the retweets! Memoirs are magical!
d'awww you DM your fans that's sweet =) looking forward to your tweets, & thanks for the message!
if anyone knows but no one knows then will know?? that's why i have friends FACEBOOK FRIENDS ARE THE BEST RIGHT "CREAM"?? I LIKED IT!
U are scaring me
I've heard people say, "Love hate Love hate, it doesn't matter!" Anyway, happy 16th birthday, Nick!
Raja Bell's clothsline on Kobe.
Not understanding<<<
lol just saw your bio and pic so that was a slow question, its good you still doing what you love I'm proud of you!!!
Amazing how seeing a cute pup walking down the street can brighten ur day! Their meandering ways & wagging tails. Pure happiness. Love dogs!
Now that the rain is gone, I'm willing to bet we're going to have an awesome sunset in a little bit! Get your cameras ready on the pier!
hahahahaha BUT I WANTED MY COMPLIMENT ASSHOLE.
Anyone using #Refworks #Endnote or #mendeley for the first time this semester? What do you think?
bout to hit john carter wit the pops
Im still waiting for that day that and will make a music video for Coldest Heartbreak :)
yeah i know right... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
BELOW THE BRIM is figuring out how to make his characters come to life with a simple walk cycle.... stay tuned
I LOVE ASHLEY.. ;D
ALIVIA!!! HOW'S IT GOINGS?! :D
I think of all the things you said and I wonder how I could have ever believed such crap.
Someone got to hang on set this week and last! Haven't been around here much at all lately.
Ugh. At least I had MLB.TV to get me through yet another late night at school.
Merch store with all new designs and the new ep pre-order and bundles are coming very soon!
whats your number again? I accadentally deleted that message
The sooner I take this test, the sooner I can spend the night over my husbands. I love sleeping in his bed and waking up to his smile. <3
latest stable chrome build messed up my a:visited transitions. :(
Hey! Ah, I want to be there so bad but I'm on the air all night, however, I DO plan on hitting up the UG! Will you be there??
my cousin is having her wedding up there next year. haha. so yes, I'll be in ny. :) haha
It was only funny because he's black.
She is starting to suspect something about her o.o
You're welcome!
mane, it's so Hot!!!
Taught financial literacy class at Sellwood-Moreland Library today. Pleased with the turnout--considering the heavy rain outside.
Had a great morning putting out flags for the Great Flag Caper. With patriotism on full display, Irving is now ready for the Fourth of July!
#ThissummerImtryna live it up :) & Enjoy my family back home :)
Belated thanks for the mention :)
and people would still get all the services you'd get at a bank. without the fees, ideally.
Spending quality time with Camila.
“: good morning love”work must b light in Germany
Yay, My friend, Amber Camarillo Made. A Twitter account!. Clap, or whatever! . IDK! ? 3 CHEERS FOR AMBER! .. ^^
Actually, Jude Law seem right to me.
Creative juices raging. Listening to Tron Legacy Reconfigured and drinking some oak-aged IPA... {pop pop}
You never lose by loving. You lose by holding back.
Such a fun lunch with
Earth Footwear 25-50% OFF! Including EARTHIES (High Heels)
I hate ants and their uncanny ability to find and crawl over anything sweet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
#Blackparentsquotes Where yo report card? Ain't no teacher lyin' on you!
ive done spam before and gone on tweet limit 6 times cuz of that! so i made a back up account just to spam him to follow me:D
Heading to film my first speaking role in a student film at loyola.. Should be a fun day!
u mad cuz im rite
Alumni game is a close one
that if you confess your sins with your mouth the Lord Jesus and belive in your heart
no just shirtless
Flyering the Ice Cube concert tonight... cranking 'More Than A Feeling' by Foreigner (as well as Cee-Lo Green and his Soul Machine)
a worthy cause... Catch the videos once they are published
Friday is the last day to submit your film!!
Uggh...I hope going to therapy is gonna help me get better:/
Xmas Tweets: Mom says Lovie Smith needs a stick of dynamite you-know-where.
went to everybody's records today- cool in-store performances!
No shame, man, no shame. It's a great movie...!
Already 11 teams signed up for skeeball! We will capping it at 16 teams so if you want to play sign up soon..
i hate having companions in video games because they always die..
Terrible, rainy day here in SC. Bad for #carbiz but nice for writing #poetry! Oh, to be home with pen in hand!
Could the lakers lose? And clips win tomorrow? Is the world ending lol
Do I want to know what a "fudge monkey" is?
We scream! We shout! We are the fallen angels!
is thinking about con-men, or con-women actually. A con-woman, actually. Don't ask.
when does the crowd surfing begin today homie?
Funny: Coughlin didn't really touch the Plax stuff, saying only of the comments, "I'm sure they were grandiose."
awh bromance too cute:')
I think he'll be gone by the time we pick. Who knows though...
Fair point. I really should get over my qualms of taking pictures of my food. That would help.
Ninja, please...
Dang.... Everytime u on TC or Ustream im either on mobile twitter or offline :/
#NeverShouldYouEver Regret Something You Have Done
Got ur mac up and running yet?
registrations have sky rocketed - let's hope NY can match Atlanta talent
This Why I Aint TAKEN, Imma Be Single Forever &&' Thats a fact...
I plead ignorant on most of this. I'm curious, why do you disagree?
north Dakota state
Sorry !! I have a problem !!! With my phone !!! I'll answear your questions in 5 m !!!
I'm lovin' the new Mary J. Blige, Why with Rick Ross!
that's the opposite of my experience. I thought Apple extended battery life with the update. Hope the reset works for you
sounds perfect! Call me when you get to Seattle! I am off the 20th-2nd.
Couples Night!! Two for one entry for ALL COUPLES! Discounts on VIP Booths and Hookah!! $5 pizzas! COUPLES DANCES! COME HANG OUT!
runnin this thing out my trunk lol
you probably dont know them but could u help us trend #HU4L ??? <3 <3
The fakes are masters of disguises. They are hard to see. RT In a world of alot of fakes it should be easier to see the real?
Thx for the Follow. Blessings
After the 7th day in a row of working, I'm still going strong!
Whats up with these racial TT recently?
im laughing so hard at ur call
RT I miss you too! Mexico City awaits <3/// I think they're ready for you
I love carrot cake. :::swoons:::
RT : "The shift to electric autos is going to be as big as the shift from typewriters to computers" -
Christmas is so soon!! :D
Holy shit. I just saw a gust of wind knock a leaf off a tree and into the pool. Where the fuck is ?
I hate Perkins so much.
Where the hell did all these Mose Allison records come from? Seriously, who needs this much Mose? I really need to thin the vinyl herd.
getting real emotional watching the Chris Mullin ceremony here in Pennsylvania. Brings back such great memories.
If it was my family..I wouldn't mind..<3 ;)
Ugh i know! RT : Can't believe secret circle and ringer have been cancelled what are you thinking !!!
you are so forgiving Caroline! Was it hard for you to forgive and forget about the cookbook?
LOL - we spotted the same listing!! Tweeted about it later in the day ;) thx for lookin out!
Yeahh! Next Year I'm Gonna Be Voting 35657867645657887907 Times For You!!!!!!!!!(:
I never doubted he could be a great role player - he has the drive, and that's usually what it takes.
Mann they got me clockin in madd hours, all good though, my checks done doubled in a week!!
if killed while relieving oneself, after eating wedding cake ... tis just desserts, says I!
psyched to play at Rodan w/ m'dudes in a few mins.
#RandomRedSox Andre Dawson
Thanks :D
it's my basic feeling that just bc you know something is delicious doesn't mean you're entitled, as a human, to have it
Looking for a good program to do graphic designs on.
91.5% of files available for download on Cyberlockers sites (Rapidshare, Hulkshare, etc...) are copyrighted material.
hahaha I saw that (:
Ugh I gotta do my prezi -_-
Most people turn the music down in the car when looking for a street sign, so they can see it better.
wrong. Berklee will teach you JAZZ and you will like it! -berklee grad
Thanks for explaining the legal ruling on Wisconsin. Good news for voters rights.
Wishing days were 72 hours long so that I could get to everything that I want to.
man Travis, it's Paul all the way for me hahaha
Everytime I get a text from you its like a mini-christmas.
Van 1 has finished their part of #bourbonchase good work
DVR'd the Grammy's- caught up on twitter and FB this AM so now we know what to watch& not to watch. Social media has saved us time. Thanks!
Anyone going to #Greece this summer on vacation?! We want to know about it! Where are you headed.
if the lakers would make it lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Goodnight Carter.
Starbucks girl now knows me well enough to know my order and that I'm hungover. Win?
Happy Mothers Day , I love you (:
"Man's mind, stretched by a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions." - Oliver Wendell Holmes What new ideas do you have?
speaking of things they don't even do in the home country.
at the same tho you just speak on yo opinion and i like that from you i think yall need to interview ja when he get out
English movies are the best. So gory
-____- go jump off a cliff NOW!!!!! *Megaphone screaming* or chips with cheese m
I'm going to buy a 360 just to play halo (:
Sold out commercial secrets wrkshp today, John is a great teacher & so kind to come down f/ NYC & share his knowledge!
I think we've got her! RT : Did sis take pics of the so called "nap"(cuz I've seen u sleeping!!!)?!
For my birthday charity this I gave toys to dogs at the SPCA !
It is not the rich man you should properly call happy, but him who knows how to use with wisdom the blessings of the gods, to en
right words at the right time! Thank you and you do the same!!
Without any milk
Im just sayn sometimes goodbye is a
Feels like work going by extra slow today
lmaoo that's pure hatred
think ima write songs all night at smiley crib
I seriously can't remember the last time I used a CD drive
Do tomorrow's rules still apply uf its Spring Break?
Clippers are gettin SMASHED by the Spurs tonight. damn.
you are so post-outage! I love it! Did you watch the speech on IPhone? Link? Interesting context to watch for SoCal no?
aw thanks
Crap on toast compared to Can't believe today's #badWard5news RT : Can we get #DennysSucks trending in DC?
Prime rib, garlic potatoes, and green beans for the Donut!
So confused right now... We'll see.
The day you leave 15 minutes early for work and 94w is backed up by 20 minutes ...
Just when u think things are going your way. .. But things happen for a reason.
Nice evening for grilled pork!
Tis a shame. I will do my best to educate :)
you are lol im mad you and bri was plotting on me saturday lol
wait til I get this THX certified yeti mic. It's on...
Follow me please! I Love you so much 1-4-3<U+2665>, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoLsiten. I'm Uruguayan!
um I need u too
Thanks Steph!!!! He's a great example of determination!
I thought that thought Catholic church was wrong to protest the contraception/insurance ruling; my bad?
RT It's International Women's Day! I have been inspired by the works of JAY DEFEO. #FemaleArtist (via )
Why do I always pig out every Sunday?
You know if I could I'd tell you EVERYTHING... but alas, I cannot. Not sure when it'll be announced.
Another case of Dogfish Head 75 plus Chateau Jiahu AND another couple cases of Gulden Draak 9000 Quad have just shown up @ the Deli. Get 'em
"via Twitter for iPhone"
it's probably worse than it sounds
What's a PodCastOff? Most interesting theory we've heard is a space traveler stranded on a foreign planet.
Lol I love watchin this video and watching celebrate his teams buckets. He loves his team!!!
I love MSG the fans let you know exactly what they think of you
It's been a while since you got lucky Boom-Boom. LOVE IT!!!
No more trying to pretend to be someone i'm not..it's time I accepted the way I am,I'm done crying,it's time I just have fun & be myself. c:
Gay wedding tonight with Literally 2 women :) gotta show our support
love this!
Don't know why, but Darryl Henley came to mind. smh
hey whats goin on? your location is creepy hahahahaha
: / And I saved
Here's one that has been sitting way too long on my pile of Cd's "Forever" the great bassist Eddie Gomez and pianist Cesarius Alvim. Nice!
Is hoping everyone has a good day today
I wish. Today it was 103 here. I miss the cold. Lol
RIP Adam Yauch a part of my youth died today
U GO Sharon!
Thanks Laurie. We catered for IKEA a while back! RT : M! Great BBQ!
Happy Memorial Day!
Synology's worked well for me & others here; have seen poor reviews of the Buffalo products, so shied away from those.
Seems to be what I am doing right now in a big way.
Did you see press Alamo Drafthouse got for kicking out a texting patron? Proud of them for standing up for courtesy!
I know...I need to do some more research and meet more women in #tech !
Thanks for stopping by!!
disneyland with nick
screw friends. at least enemies they admit they don't like you.
yeah but I wouldn't expect you to like that show
I can never understand when I see overweight people wearing athletic gear? It's evident that they don't even exercise. Why even bother?
I worked out 4-hrs a day everyday...b4 going to Jamaica! ...and since...meh!!! Not so much! ....so I'm going for a RUN!!! #don'tJudgeMeh
Happy #FF #MaytheFourth be w/ you all-
Please ignore my last two tweets!
Lmfao @ my last RT!! Could not have been better put.
Loving my new iPad 2 my wife gave me for valentines day
How many people have #turkey in the oven right now? Happy Thanksgiving! I have dozens of #turkeys roasting!
Sad to see #appinventor getting the axe from #google. Just made a quick little app with it.
Just checked w/ client bec I hadn't heard back on important question. Client had sent reply w/ attachments, but I didn't get it.
When I get to da crib, imma watch Recess
You don't know you're beautiful... That's what makes you beautiful!
yes now she is
Thanks!! Except our singer is a dude but thats a huge compliment<3
The Belden Stratford would like to Congratulate the Bride and Groom as well as the families of the Silverio/LaReau Wedding. We Thank You...
Good Stuff Chansi ! gr8 verse and thought for the day God Bless my friend.....
Dr. Benjamin Carson, neurosurgeon & humanitarian delivers keynote address at Emory's 167th commencement ceremony May 14.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X12
In the Big Apple! Life could not be better right now
LOVING Jeremy #Lin 's inspiring story! He was almost cut from the Knicks a week and now is a rock star!!!
my first tattoo is a line from their first EP
Dinner: Cod, kumquats, white wine reduction. French beans, wok-seared, garlic, soy, black pepper. I love spring!
People at fox are dicks . . .
Two more songs down :) its an inspirational day I guess :)
is making plans to see his first !
Chuck Norris has already. been to Mars, that’s. why there are no signs of life there.
Being up this early on day where you DON'T have school should be a fuckin crime!
Will do! Look for our our youtube page, facebook fanpage or website.
Hey. Back off Adam Morrison. The kid has 2 Championship rings!!
Is this what a poker pro should see when he pictures the next 40 years of his life, grinding every day?
yea but it's like every fuckin day some new guys tryin to flirt with her
Dancing with the stars is so intense!!!
Its Friday.. Ladies, if you already been to the Club 2 days this week.. You a Hoe! :)
Definitely!!! This week :)
For the past half hour I've been trying to text but i can't put in words what i want to say to you
I will not be sick on my birthday, I will not be sick on my birthday...
Never leave the opportunity to tell someone your feelings and opinions because no one truly knows what tomorrow will bring
Not a problem—learned a lot! Any presentation with a pic of Oprah is a winner in my book ;)
Right? Was wondering that too. “: Why is it that the two women got stuck sharing a mic? #ROFLCon”
No streaking this year for #OYSTERBAKE2012 for me!! J/k #FIESTA2012 Meet me at (1604 & Bandera rd.) IN THA MIX!
Everytime I hear human resources i think of a room full of body parts.
RT : Women fill nearly half of all jobs in the U.S., yet hold fewer than 25% of #STEM positions. Time for change....
today's game made me watch last year's 24/7 again. It's still on my dvr!
Human Statue tonight at Pier 60, then leaving for Tallahassee to play with some fire for a movie.
Apparently I forgot that I have a twitter account.
just made a new song called HEY CUTIE
Congrats to your daughter and the grandkids! Let us know how it goes.
“Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong.” - Peter T. Mcintyre
So jealous of all my friends who are at the Berks this week/end.
SO i cant do anything fun on the computer
Most People Oppose Bailouts, but a Sizable Plurality of the Public Believes that the 2009 Bailout of the Car Industry ...
“: Patriots are #AFCEastChamps for 9th time in last 11 seasons.”
If I ever got a picture with Spitta I think it would be my profile picture for life.
Follow She is the prettiest girl ever!
Don't think that comparison works. TT has only been in the league for 2 seasons. Having a class act matters here in Denver
Or tuxes. Where there's a teen mo theres a teen dad O-ORT : You're 17. You should be picking out prom dresses, not baby names.
Aw Thanks! Oh no! That's not good! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I learned Apple has a new free "Configurator" for managing iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch (but it only runs on Mac OS)
It is so cold here in tucson. I'm at a bus stop waiting for the bus and it's starting to sprinkle. Dammit.....
weird, I walk past Neptune daily and the poster says War on Drugs will be there, but Internet says you're right/I'm wrong
Opening day!!!! I haven't been this excited since the Weltermeister draft! Enjoy the day!
I need to just clear my mind of all worries .....
give us a follow, says you should :)
Shameful Demi Lovato lip synching on American Idol.
oh I've heard of him, but is he undefeated at Miller Park???? negative
. Notice how real story is Hyatt's worry that their employees might unionize!
hey, we were there too. Great day. Hope you enjoyed the live music.
Thanks Gayle! We are really happy with all the new space!
Glad we got to catch up over some spaghetti - working on making my twitter more like yours!
ehh I would imagine ;c I'd be telling it to shut the fuck up all the time.
“: hope u have #Grizz ML.” Parlayed with the under
that crippled guy in the show would be proud
That amazing moment when you have a solo and the audience starts applauding <U+E022>
Hey, if somebody wants to give me 5k so I can buy that nice 66 Corvair I saw, I would totally drive by Ralph Nader’s house and taunt him.
The kid i love really had to call the police, on my dad.?!?!
i take mines all the time ;)
I sure do hate wordpress..
If you're lucky enough to be Irish then you're lucky enough. Happy St. Patrick's Day! Slainte!.
I can't either ;) I'll be there soon
hey how are you . you can follow me please ?
I was on at 10 and it took forever to load. Idk if it was because of all the people or my computer. I'm going to try again
Road Rage: The Cyclist's Perspective.
Great night at the Auction!
Up thinking about the new arrangement.... its times like these when I wish music would quit bothering me. Just let me sleep!
A bit off topic, and yet a matter of the heart: Let's all lift those miners in Chile out of that hole--an act of collective love and will.
Followed them all! RT :
all I do is win
“: tell them i say meow”
For future reference, is "Qohor" valid for Words With Friends?
... Your still a whore, and your breath smells like maad holocaust
First time visiting the Vegas strip since I was 10! Difficult to tell who has changed the most! Think I'm still just as amazed by it!
I find it fascinating that most people plan their vacation w better care than their lives. Because escape is easier than change. Jim Rohn
i was dreaming of getting out of this town but now all i need is you.. NP
Thanks for reading The Other Brother!
Cleveland Browns
Change your thoughts and you change your world. ~Norman Vincent Peale
Sarah Palin is NOT running for President. Please begin ignoring her ASAP.
Finally committed to playing the PCA. Just bought plane ticket and booked next door at Riu, hopefully a lot better the shithole Atlantis
BEST. new. years. eve. EVER !! thanks for coming out to friends ....
the Dance Exchange crew is! That's me and our new Artistic Director Cassie Meador.
Mr. Blow! none of us can shake this case...it cuts too deeply into an old wound: not a black or white but an AMERICAN wound !
Working on a media plan.
Who will The Dolphins open up there season against?
you two are the purrfect couple(;
exactly, Miller is so good for McGee. I hope he stays around, prolly the best backup PG in the game. Developing mcgee too.
It hurts, but congratulations to the #49ers. :-)
Ok it's 8:30am I'm going to Friendly's to have a Veggie Omelette with my better half Elaine.
Hi. It's Jaren. Blip: QVIGear. You blocked me way back when. If forgiven will you unblock me? Thanks. I care.
We have landed on ze moon.
aw! my little sister is sitting down hugging her 2 new stuffed animal bunnies=) so cute
Holy cow! I had no food in the house, but still pulled off a flaxseed cinnamon pancake w fig preserves on top. YUuMMO!
#brag: managed to blog, sew, look at art, eat, exercise, listen to music, shower, and dress myself all before 10am.
what's up everyone?! #ImOnlineSoTweetMe <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
#808Pride if ur #Beautiful and u no clap ur hands (clap) (clap)
My mama just told me, whoeva i date next, dont drop my draws for him ..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> lol (*gasp) oh no!
Big news of the day so far: Junior Seau. Why Junior, why?
Occlusal disease is the #1 factor in instability of orthodontic treatment.
KBS and Curmudgeon Better Half - first two beers of
Finals. Are. Over. Another great year at in the books!
I feel that I personally would always wear a miniskirt with black tights.
I don't go there often because its like 6 hours away, but hopefully I'll go more often when I start college in August!
"...because you know Chicago's my favorite summer city in the world" - Charles Barkley.
I would recommend The Vow or the new Underworld movie. I have watched them both recently and liked them
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!17
Last night watchin the clippers play was more like Blake Griffin vs Gravity.
My first mothers day has offically started.! :)
Coffee black, Cowboy hat, Gun in rack... Have a great day everybody.
What's with
Every time Phillip Phillips dad cries, a pawn shop turkey gets its wings
I've been going to bed kinda early now maybe that's why I'm tired, so I think I'm going to bed, goodnight!
Almost every talk I've attended at #railsconf has pitched Postgres... Might be something to it
good night to you!
What I do. Buy a new laptop. Really.
I do nor remember this... I only remember you being very beautiful and my wife to be.
That chick with pink hair
Neil, thanks much for your post, tweet and support of our upcoming West Coast swing !!!
RT : The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me. ~Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead
Have you tried Emily's new cocktail, the "Graveyard Whiskey"? Rye, Averna Amaro, and Green Chartreuse. Somebody ought to put it in a song.
Mariah news plz!!!
Learning about the neurobiology of #attachment #parenting #asja with , Diane Debrovner,
Sorry to the random dude who just got his plates put on twitter by the way.
The museum is closed today but we want to take a moment to thank you guys-our programs wouldn't be possible without you! Happy Thanksgiving.
Kentucky will take it all tonight!!
Good Look..
lol ill edit ur profile for you! :)
Dinner is on the stove. Veal chops and a baked potato.
Keep me caffeinated or give me death
Give a Mfer a inch n da SOB will try to take u fa a mile.... Erbody wanna jughh.... Wht happened to just being a hunit
Thank goodness for on heavy traffic days in Denver!
Eliminating dust mites and their allergen from sheets, blankets, comforters and mattress pads is really quite simple. Here's what to do:...
“: or jesus” read this as a solicitation of community preferences- personally I prefer Greg.
Again, no problem with this intro. Banner's *doing* stuff. He's an active protagonist. & then we meet the New Ross.
Just updated my site! www.elliecolyeralasquez.com
Yeah tell me about it. Getting old sucks! Well 24 here I come!!
New post coming tonight. Its been a while.
For Nothing :D
Self love is so so so important and we think of it as an option.
I think I already broke something. Either that or Twitter is an even bigger epic fail than it used to be.
#PrettyBrownEyes.... um... my eyes are brown.. bu I don't think they're pretty! :P hahah!
Monarch is so pretty!!!
Hope it all went well. And has been treating me well too.
It's a long story:(
Alb. news is crazy.Did you hear those people purse snatched some ladies purse what a bunch of dummies who purse snatches anyways?
to save you:D
Work hard, but still enjoy your life as it is a Blessing to breathe!
..this is bullshit. I'm already lookn in on either transfering, or getting a better job.
Just got back from softball opening day, which tuck HOURS ! ..... Hate softball with a new team !
RT : Update on Cumberland County NC breed ban rumor: we are working w/ them on alternative solutions & will keep you posted.
Your people need to know: what's Congamerge?
We made tho! It was one thrilling ride! Downtown LB to sunset in 30mins! With traffic! GTM!
hope u got my email with the MGK video interview in it.
CONGRATS to your GM .. what a lovely honor!
Adult: I left my library card at home & drove here 20 minutes w/o my driver's license & left my credit card in the car - Me: Go get it.
Happy birthday you son of a bitch Maybe we have a present for you..please drive here and retrieve it. Times up..let's get weird.
I love the fact that you instagramed your local helpful police officer.
ESPN NBA - Knicks PG Baron Davis has torn ACL and MCL in right knee along with partial tear of patella tendon
Shout out to our neighbors! Good luck tomorrow at #uwsocial!
*shrugs* its ok..
GONE! Quilted Northern Bath Tissue Only $4.49 at Target! | The ...
The greatest victories were won by armies...not by a single soldier...engage others in your endeavors and success is possible...
#Tupac will live forever as long as white nerdy kids like me continue to memorize and attempt to rap his songs.
This is true. There are way worse addictions!
Great photo, Ben!
Flash intros still exist.
Looking forward to it. Really got a lot out of bouncing around ideas. last year.
Agree...at least on the first part!
You have to add fruit and flax seed meal to it
If one were to find a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow..would the government tax you or the leprechaun that you stole it from?
Are y'all having a watch party at the restaurant this weekend?
One last final :) hello summer....
Friendship is the soul's heaven. A. Bronson Alcott
Happy Valentine's Day!! We hope you all get LOTS of chocolates!! <3 Love, Bright Ideas Electric
New Shirts are in! 15$ or two for 25$. Hit me up if you want one! twitpic.com/8mkqkzo
Molina's tantrum was epic!! What a dumb ass. I wondered why Cubs fans hated Larussa so much. This team is a bunch of babies and clowns
i just want to move to l.a. calforina just for
I hate remembering the bad times, especially after all thats happened since. Sorry about my wallet. Sorry about your duplex.
At Kinetik, we are music.
Finally my #TwitterApp decides to work :-)
I'm glad they enjoyed the seats
Thanks for the input. Those are good ones. We'll definitely plan on answering those, although perhaps not using the word spam. ;-)
Worst night ever!
I smell a t-shirt design!
my stomach really needs to STFU
I know I'm late seeing that goal but that was absolutely filthy!
Direct Message, its like a email that only you and I can see... It depends if your on your phone or computer?
Watching 'Mad Men' in Anthropology today. My favorite.
Had a bit too much fun yesterday on Owasco lake. Tired and sunburned. But I found that I'm still good at sneaking up on people underwater.
#WeWontWork if you SMOKE , PERIOD
Be sure to check out the Poised Creation store for music and other great art pieces!
#FavoriteClothingBrand Miss Me ;)
I kinda want to take a blanket tomorrow...
I want to put my Van Halen in your Iron Maiden so we can make a Led Zeppelin...
Alley Katz- your place does not need to put the music at club level volume. I want to hear my friends story not the top 20 hits.
Anybody wunna chill?
Relaxing ass day. #keys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
That show was too good not to mention!
Sox won! And now watching phoenix kick the crap out of Chicago. What's going on in the west? Down goes Detroit, Vancouver, & now chicago?
Built like a steakhouse, handles like a bistro
Watching vs. from I imagine it will be just as great on TV as it was live.
"That play was clearly not strenuously reviewed by all involved stakeholders. Let's start a dialogue at halftime."
It's a "Wait For Me" kind of day.
If the NBA is out of the lockout by that time I'll buy us tickets to the game.
First rehearsal for Pajama Game today. I love musical directing...different from how I love choral conducting...
: are u going to school tomorrow?
If I were not a Photographer, I would be a European trained Chef. Really, I would...
of course!! And thank you:)
#ThatAwkwardMoment when ur mom r dad gives u a talk .
Very proud that image from Practicum will be on the cover of the new catalogue! Our students produce great work.
off to NYC tuesday to see my NY Rangers put the hurt on the Blackhawks...then hittin Atlantic City with my boyzzzzzzz
No, he's doing quite well on the trail. : Romney: I won't embarrass us in the White House”
Johnny Depp is the shit! I have loved like every movie he has been in! But, yeah, I recommend seeing it. Lol(x
43-0... how could you not want to change that Pacman?
Thanx bud! Have you been to our store?
aww, she's looking good considering. Glad you're ok!
Another use of #socialmedia in education - "Reading, Writing, Tweeting" via
you really know how to make a girl feel better. ;-)
Expo - you must bring your photo ID. (You want a beer after the race, right?)
Draw Something is slowly taking over my social life. :-\
Even though doesn't follow, I'm still glad his accounts there<3
We've let the Marriott know some people experienced slow wifi at #eduiconf yesterday. Wish I could do more.
A lie is a lie...even when u text it.
Good mood<3 text me?(:
this damn fly in my room has been bugging me.
true, but not all do.
House passes payroll tax cut bill 293 - 132. Senate will vote a little later today.
ahah okay and by the way I love your lax stick aha:)
Hey sweetheart! Hope you can notice me today:) loveya!
Good resolutions are simply checks that men draw on a bank where they have no account. ~ Oscar Wilde
Cubs bus trip... Starting off with a couple yummy bloody Mary's
True understanding of God comes only after the heart has ceased to reach to human beings as a source of life and help. FJ Roberts
Day 25 of 100: I'm thankful for the great connection I had in my meeting today
you are!
Insight - more expensive resources are getting more expensive (>$750) - while lower (<$500) are seeing rates fall
yous a cutie
speaking my language. Good recommendation
Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre so amazing. So charming. 2 more shows at Freud Playhouse. Perfect for kids or kids at heart. Bravo Sebastian!
I straightened my hair today only to watch 'Stonehenge Apocalypse' on Syfy?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand stupid music, with stupid lyrics.
Good morning c:
Thank you, Paul. You are way, way too kind!
Business plan presentation time. Just one more thing to cross off the graduation checklist.
So word on the street is there's a cougar running around Ann Arbor. I want it.
#Ginna alarms going off in Ontario - You don't need alarms within a 10 mile radius of wind farms...just sayin
so what dat mean you won't k.o?
cool! On my way right now.
Yea you
Happy birthday to two of the greatest friends ever! #loveyouu <3
I am now at this moment officially single!!!!!!!
"'Steve, you're tripping!' So I'm told..." - my dad about his work life
hahahaha i had that for supper tonight!! :)
Finished the Spanish version of the Math Oral Drills; look for them on Nook & Kindle this week; integrating technology in math lessons.
You will be safe, if you always do right, but you will get caught, if you are dishonest.
i'm feeling attention starved. but hanging out with people sounds like too much work/pressure.
"bigger ads do not create dumber buyers..." to sell faster price lower.
There are soo many bums in the park
Feel free to stop wearing that bracelet I got you last Christmas any time nowww lol
A SNEAK Disser, thats that shit I don't like!
We had a great night! Thanks to everyone that came and welcomed us to the neighborhood!
you da man!
#WhitneyHouston? AmyWinehouse? & people still wanna experiment with #drugs? Am I missing something?
Share your <U+2665> of libraries! Take a child to the library and watch your world change for the better!
Sorry to have been out of touch for the past few weeks. Been in court on a complex case. Missing you guys!
Everyone follow (: Seriously... Do it.
My dad blows
I got my first stripe.
thought he was more of the spice girls type <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sweet ! Thanks! Where are you located?
yea.. thats everyone's dream baahh
I'm sorry but the boy bands of today will never touch the Backstreet Boys.
on no. Its in a real not cute sort of way. I'd prefer it not happen haha
I'd send #oomf messages she would want to wake up to...
On the bus
Merry Christmas to all my friends from Drama centre and friends of the arts. I hope the new year brings creative ideas and new projects
sadly wasn't able to make it to the Syrian uprising panel tonight, but keep me posted about any events in the future!
It's Friday wassup
introduction of solids should be based on developmental readiness not solely age.
MADONNA = PERFECTION
why snooks? you make it look so fun :P
Headed north for the California STS retreat in San Fran. Excitement vs. Sleepy.
love this place!!
Running from zombies is good for cardio.
sir Bari at his finest!!! What doesn't make sense is how Jason has more followers than u. Now that's nonsense!!!
no problem :D
God sleeps in the rock dreams in the plant, stirs in the animal and awakens in man. ~Sufi teaching
New winners will be those who respond quickly to big data
you have a diary?
My still life drawing is in the art gallery <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
what brain damaged person said they didnt like Martin!?
Look how many tweeps think that ASHA Watch is an abhorrence:
If ur ever in dallas, come hit up ojos locos.... Fine servers and personal tv's.
setting up for THE FILTHY MCNASTYS. 9:00 recording a live show. and streaming
11:11 wishing for you to be here!!!<3
no because why da fuck did they pick jack black for the main character...what a stupid producer!
happy secretary day.. lol
Umm, the games on U.S. sites are awful since Black Friday. In Canada u have Stars, Party, Ipoker - sites w/ actual fish. Derp!
Your so Amazing mama mahone! Always there for Austin and going everywere for him is awesome! Hope i meet you love you guys<33
Wow! As Napolean Hill suggested; ”Take a Rich man out to lunch”. Hope U share at least 1 nugget with me;-)
New nemesis: carbs.
Really liked Weilands control & mechanics Thought Ross would end up in 'Pen & think Erlin is too small (5'9" maybe) to be starter
#caps get beat in the worst of NHL ways, the shootout, which just doesn't make sense in the standings
We'll be at the #Philadelphia #Autism Resource Expo tonight. We're looking forward to talking with parents, come say hi.
Money, meet fire. #nhlplayoffs oh well try again tomorrow
#BeerStatus Surly Furious
.'s Kraftwerk-inspired music festival continues today (3-6) w/ & a *very* special guest! Afternoon Dance party in the Dome!
Love is love's reward.
But it's not a real word and a very uncommon name, if there's even another one out there. Haha.
That is some of the finest news I've ever heard
your just pissed cause he dissed that shitty driver patrick
we're in the process of recording it ourselves! johnathan & i also have an ep for a totally new project coming soon :) stokage!
What a hipster... :D
It's amazing how busy we stay, yikes!
No joke. A woman pushed by. Felt condensation. It was vomit. On my foot. Bar supplied vodka napkins & free drinks.
#StayStrongEmily You're in my prayers! xoxo
I don't recall you mentioning it. You did suggest Beckett Stable for our dinner...
very cool thx!
and I would crank the fireplace at Christmas & call it the Opium Den
Working on music for a show on Saturday!
Oh, did you just see Five Year Engagement? :)
You are the definition of class and how everyone should treat each other:-)
Rip in please Steve Jobs
Congrats to for losing 10 lbs in her first 11 days on #isagenix. That bikini body is emerging!
#marrythenight amazing <3 but didnt really like the cheerios part
Halloween weekend will be your chance to taste the delicious Black Dahlia martini. You don't want to miss this!
HI hi hi hi! I'm good! Mad Rivers lets go back RT wzup buddy I have not seen you since mad rivers .hope all is well
Serious red hair envy has been going on for a while now... dying my hair red TONIGHT.
Oh! And midgets and hookers!!! cant forget those!!! #very important
it would be great to have you all "like" our Facebook page!
Hands down Brittney garner got this
One thing I can say about my life and that is "Never a dull moment"! Somedays I wish for dull, lol. How's the kids and Mrs?
who you trying to fool..you're #ADORABLE!!
So stressed from work. Just so you know, yelling at me doesn't make your food appear faster.
you better !!
Walked around the block with the kid. Homework breaks are for moving. :)
I love it when someone uses the word excoriation! :-)
yay! I have a YouTube and I put 2 videos from the concert up! My channel is britneyrox93
I spread some cream cheese on my bagel this morning and tore my ACL. I'm out for the rest of the playoffs...
good luck with it! Looking forward to the next one...
Wish I was much more prepared for Christmas this year... eh.. If I skip it this year can I just double up next year?
Whoa Allen Craig. Impressive shot
LoL! I thought you might like Check it Out! Ya dingle! Knuck's definitely getting bigger! But still cute :)
Deciding on music tracks to sync up with Live Jazz show at Lucid Jazz Lounge video I did in Seattle this summer. U-tuben' it soon......
I definantly will and I will bring us DQ or something good! :)
R. T. Davies, why must you keep killing them off? I'm 1 day behind, if I find 2morrow that Gwen is gone, I'll be rather cross.
Wishing everyone a very happy new year!
I used to think Paul and Ian were the hottest TVD guys, but damn...Micheal Trevino is catching up O_o That body...
If Sky Is Not The Limit, Why Is The Limit?
welcome!! Thanks for coming!!
is my Zac Efron picture hero.
In fairness, the schools are kicking in half the money. $700K can still go a long way, though.
ha...great! Make sure you swing through the seminar!
Oh, good! I will, don't get ruffled feathers now.
Welcome to tonight's Ask The Expert series!
oh no, what happened to Allen? I'll wish good thoughts regardless.
#NYC For #NYE: Reflecting On A Progressive #2011, Anticipating An Aggressive #2012!
+ we still have a bit of Lakefront's Wisconsinite left if you didn't get a chance to try it yesterday... so good.
Can't sleep. Too anxious. Too excited. The decision is coming...
a checkered meeting hall in a faded midtown hotel. the audience watches hundreds of slides, finally lulled to sleep by remarks on the future
RT : That's Devil Damask Flock by Timorous Beasties available but 'SPENSIVE.
RT : Pinterest ownership issue major AEC flaw. Great reach, but at what cost? MT : Pinterest is NOT perfect...
HERES TO ALL that always wanted to spin around in a chair & say: "Ive been expecting you..."
Fits right in with the GOP! RT : Romney is a cold blooded, money hungry bully.
I love Kevin Hart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
OK I admit it, I cry like a baby every time I watch "The Notebook"
Great game Mr. Johnson, glad to see you get McKale on their feet today. Keep doing what you're doing.
DID FINALLY TWEET YOU???? BEST THING EVER :) <3
why? not experience but a little history...
My feet are cool ._.
I wish famous people followed me. :(
Great Pick for best hair! RT : 's hair style! ^^
sorry etwas behind, yes I am still in, tent or hotel I don't care, well let's say I prefer hotel but I camp too
superwoman opening
Boyz in the hood.
#CompleteThisTweet (Your response could appear in magazine!): Finding time to write is...
ah that's pretty legit!!! Two more days and I'll be home
NAME THE LYRICS: Concrete shoes wont help in the river I dont care if you was Michael Phelps my n-gga
Good point. I've been struggling with idea of long distance move for a librarian position. Perhaps in the future Q7
I DONT WANT THE fame I JUST WANT THE CHECKS ....FROM THE SKEE to THE D' ..I'M GRINDIN ~ WAT UP DOE: GUNRU / FLINT / LANSING/ I96 WE STRETCHN
RT #Angelina Jolie is an incredible mother. Adopting children from underfed nations and not eating to make them feel at home.
BIG thank you!!
I so want to cuddle.....
kaay , & i was gon come to that Dance but i changed my mind ... When eyl over ?
Dangit. I muted to do some GMAT problems and forgot to unmute after commercials.
Thanks for the shout out!
Done shooting a workout video with and pro hunter willi Schmidt put us on challenges
First time this has happened to me. I am usually a big Chrome booster, too!
I f'kin luv being a singer! This is the evalovin' life!
I was wondering if anyone else got that. I was telling my sister the same thing (she hadn't read the books).
We are open Monday January 9th! RT so I'm confused. Facebook says you are opening Mon and the article says Sunday?
totally need a shoutout or promo
Big ol butts rule in my opinion,but rumps R nice to RT She probably got a big booty.
As designers, be bothered, avoid rights of passage, and stay naive -
Bottle* that is.... Already memories of that night are clouding my typing abilities
What is your skype?
PickUpLine: You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible."
Thanks for the follow. I'll be interested in your tweets!
Beautiful Sunday!...a life coach may be the next ingredient to your preferred future.
I'm multi-tasking... Packing... Watching Nothing on TV... Tweeting... and all with one arm tied to my chest (not back)
michael jackson... damn?! that guy can SANG!
Insomniacs unite! For real tho...being a night owl kinda sucks at times
Fuzzy's!!!
thanks for the mention. Let me know if I can help answer any questions.
Watching the sun pop out of the ocean :)
did you see the bourbon that i bought on fb? if you're in virginia anytime soon, you should come try it
Voting continues through Friday for our first round of University Month! Check our facebook page and vote or nominate your school.
Monday tip: Internet toolbars can be a conduit for spyware or viruses. Search part is secure-extra features can open you up to spyware.
you already know haha. i didn't think he could miss both FTs. I hope the Mamba goes back to 2010 tonight
I trust the womens game too much in my thinking and it forms opinions about formations that are unrealistic
All it takes is a hello!
... and maybe also bc he was abused as a child and wished his abuser had had a support network?
ah I don't blame you, are you still planning to come at all?
Blessed are those who can give without remembering, and take without forgetting. - Princess Elizabeth, Asquith Bibesco
My love for #highschool #basketball brings me back to my
So, 64G Ipad 3 arrived. Hm, should I open it? If I do, day is pretty much shot and I have a TV Mounting bracket to put up yet...
what will you be doing in Iowa? Show some love to the CYCLONE state!
Dont feel good at all..
my mom isn't listening to my problems :( she's too busy with her darn MacBook.
u shld txt me :)
Bubba Watson wins the Masters!!
Instead of creteaking and bitching and being mad as fuck just admit not only are we talented we're rad as fuck... GOLF WANG
My mom and I are about to dominate at Bezzerwizzer. Booyah.
Lmao Ugly People Stank. We Blaming For 2012 Lmao. You Funny Af Dude.
My head hurts so bad... The girl braided my hair tight As heck.. Where's the advill when u need it
we're looking forward to your tweets. Hope you enjoy ours, too!
Lansdale Theatre Works in branching into filmmaking. More updates soon!
ones a community college and the other I have to take a test this Friday for
um sure we could try but im not 00% sure if I can
So awesome! I'm sure she loved having you there!
The truth is you could slit my throat, and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt.
thanks it a great article
shidd nigga I suppose to b coming on Da 22nd fa my pops bday...make sure u in Da circumference lmao its going down bro
Great to hear! RT : nope! I signed up last nite! Love it already!
Welcome to #Cleveland T-Rich!
Rainin cat n dogs
i'm upset. Lol ok night!
I might be drunk, but I still have outstanding text grammar. Eat it, bitch.
Ain't no river wide enough baby!
Valentines day is weak if you truly love yo partner you should treat em like EVERYDAYS Valentines day real talk
digs friends who follow through. and speaking of such people, i cannot wait to see over 5/5 weekend.
Thrilled to connect! Doing any work in Greater Chicago?
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say.
God bless you and your family!
Just saw a wild Black pig with her baby piglets ! SO CUTE !!
tell to stop being a #hoe. Are you going to convert your #20?
Join me Monday night at 10 p.m. e.s.t. for Dark After Thoughts only on www.pararocktv.com. Things get a little hot this week.
YOU SHOULD OF BOUGHT A SQUIRREL!!!!!!
It's not who you want to spend Friday nights with, it's who you want to spend all day Saturday with.
1 year for Rob3 karn ya Gawish :D happy birthday hope u had a Perfect one :)
something that has to do with working out OR omg a really awesome skateboard or camera! :)
My pleasure ladies. Glad you had fun.
My #feministdream when men recognize the fundamental justice of feminism
Who wants to see a video of an improper way to take off makeup? (Alyssa's way)
Prev. Big Co. used Radian6 and liked it. Hitwise is a great tool but a huge timesuck. All R expensive!
International Student Education Center needs volunteers to provide support to these recently immigrated families and students.
No ones going to work for you like you will for yourself.....
Johnny Depp is doing guest vocals on Marilyn Manson's upcoming album #BornVillain :D
My mother gave me her pipe from college... WTF? "sure... we all had pipes!" uh huh....
what's your name boi?!
aavya health uses a clinical algorithm to visually explain your lab results & provide pos. behavorial changes | #health2con code-a-thon
lmao yeaa I did.! Tht mean I will see you this weekend (:
Busy day today
Be disturbed! Bimbo Bakeries a Mexican Corp ops in US as "Bimbo USA" & have bought US bakeries Arnold Thomas' Entemanns & more
Throwing meatballs right now. RT : You Suck! All you think about is burgers!
Hm.... maybe we should remind women they do have the right to vote.
Defense has to do better than this, especially on 3rd down. Questionable call + long Cal drive ends in a FG and 3-0 lead.
Put your trust in Jesus today!!! He has a great track record!!! Prov 29:25 ~Expose.Empower.Unleash.
Out of shower.
Gas in the car... check
You guys tweet just like you talk in real life... It's great lol
Cardi gras. I already love it
My favorite Mingus tune! Well, that and "Moanin'"
So -- lunch today? Place suggestions? I can think of a handful of folks who might still be around...
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd mad. ~ Christopher Darlington Morley
How awesome is NYC - NFL daft at Radio City tonight and it's not even close to being the biggest event in the city tonight
Being home straight after school is a weird feeling...no life after track anymore
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>he has another one falling off soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Michael Jackson once said Madonna was madly in love with him but that the feeling was not mutual because she was "not sexy at all."
#UBUsensations Bingo! I wonder - is endurance trait learnt thru experience, genetic or a combo?
"Kings Cross" is THE cut on that disc.
Organization should be #1 in everybody's book. Being sloppy is not an option at this point.
Has anyone tried for mobile POS?
Thank You for your tremendous work on & off the field, your community efforts and all the help & Hope you gave thru Impact!
I <U+2665>being with you, it makes me very happy :)
Surprising as it may seem, we have plenty of sunshine right now. Thanks for the offer.
lol nah it's cool
word. Shit will be epic.
Im feelin da pics,u at da club gettin it n homie! God bless u n ur peeps! Make it do W it do Be safe in dem streets homie...
is it 830 yet i want to watch #prettyinpink - i guess #coneheads will do for now
New Social Security hearing office opens, completing SSI move from Journal Square location
we gonna fight lol bully
definitely one to see more than once. It was hilarious!
...and deliver a product that in the end, audiences will be the judge. This one so far, results have been positive. Still, much work to do.
Omg the stress some people cause.
And nice job writing it! : )
happy wall art!
SO DID I!!!!! I LOVE AUSTIN!!!! YOU HAVE CHANGED MY LIFE! I love you!
Aw shucks, thanks.
yo, where at?
hey I'm finally 16 :D and I died my hair burgundy
It's very wonderful
MKH -please help reign in OReilly! This gas diatribe he is on is awful economics and pandering at its worst. Help him...please.
wanna talk?
#caprsa well just created a word "redonkulous"
Four out of five vehicles on the road need maintenance right NOW!
Interesting blog Jessica, thx for follow, returning the favor, hope u enjoy my tweets, peace {^_^}
It's just about time to get Crazy, with Uncle Joe!
9 am games are not okay with me, MLB.
First time being called for #JuryDuty tomorrow. Kind of looking forward to it!
Ah, so 'The Sun' edited out his name, instead using "the secretary." Interesting.
Al Leiter on MLB Network went MONKEY POO for Bryce. Mike Lowell, laughing, pointed out that Desmond won it!
yeah, okay, you win both best pun *and* best tweet o' the day.
Completely mystified by court's choice of "decidedly small" as factor three criterion.
Summer goals: Get in great shape, read 2 books (And much more of the bible), go kayaking, farmer's tan, and clean my gutters!
All my OG readers/supporters will be receiving ARC's :) I wish I could just snap my fingers...it's all such a process! lol.
Great photo! Thank you for sharing! We hope you had a good time with us.
true, but facing elimination > drama. Nah, I'm watching
If you want on the guest list for GABLE this Saturday DM me tonight!
Morning sunshine.
I think that reverse Rana just woke them up.lol
Today is sloppy saturday and that means $5 Jack and $3 Sam Adams... Come in and have a great time with us..
Going to ur own bfs lunch, calling him while ur watching him forward ur call for no reason is a bummer!
In an extremely odd tribute to MLK Jr., I'm going make chicken teriyaki, drink champagne and watch the Golden Globes tonight.
A nap would be so clutch right about now
May be able to get in on a charity group, but that can get pricey!
following in the foosteps of Liz. <3
im not saying my boyfriend is thick ,but yesterday when we had a gas leak she put a bucket under it
Facts Machine is an awesome page! :)
Happy Festivus everyone!
I'm in Dauphin County, PA, hanging out with library lovers. Cuz they're the best
If you keep on asking "Isn't Newt an elite too?" then you really don't understand the politics of grievance.
Georgia wonder , murder 1
GTS here's SONG #3 Some are like water, some are like the heat.
on it! Religiously working in my Southern poetry sheaf, but this could take a side burner. :)
Yeah, I think they are one of the few that can get away with that.
tell me about your novel. Excerpts anywhere? What r your fab critique sites? Thx 4 follow. www.tcporter.com
I say Tina u needa update this thang!!
Super Bowl Bound!!!!
Enjoy free Witty White Wheat at Pere Marquette park for River Rythyms hosted by ... Cheers!
Saw a city police sergeant on foot patrol at Northern and Harford walk up to a car to write the driver a ticket for no seat belt.
1962 classic theme tune remade for 2012 by Chiltern Railways.
Gummi Worm life
Why am I just now watching season 1 of #Sherlock? Incredibly excellent show. Go BBC!
See you there! RT : Congratulations. We'll see you in Pasadena.
#vocus Apple, Bed Bath & Beyond and Chipotle!
I know, right!?! Sounds awful...but I'm supposed to try it. I'm not planning on thinking it's any good.
Beautiful day in Berlin today get outside and enjoy it :-) !!!!
"digital programming" as opposed to online exhibits (which tend to have a burst of traffic at first, then very little)
Thankfully, no.
Dam my girl emotions....keep getting me in trouble!
o cool.
My fav show since 6th grade is now over... Mind you im a junior in college. :( bye
Garlic hummus is soo good:) oh that reminds me, I have some. Yay haha
All these bitches crawl.
Yessir, watch the first season, and follow us in preparation for the second -- with Eliza guest starring!
I'm seriously not talking to ever.
Sorry politicians hate you so much, kids enduring endless tests. #edreform #edchat (thx for the construct, )
hey its morning u okay :P say good morning
I can tell my Zumbaesque dancing around my room with free weights is paying off… I can open 6 packets of Splenda at once! :)
Team ZuZu is ready to win this years Fantasy Football league. Tonight my QB will face off with my Defense. Either way I win tonight!!
Each year over 448,000 children under 15 report football related injuries totaling more than 6.89 billion in medical legal & liability costs
"Grind hard, Shine hard"
How the heck did I manage to run completly out of checks...
Oh yes! The hills still amaze me!
Hot damn!! My rice is so spicy it makes Taylor Swift sing real country music!
;D thanks Chelsea xoxo
me! driving down in the morning
Watching #SNL with !!!
I want to see proof of 's high school diploma!
Come meet Broncos running back Willis McGahee tonight at Tavern Downtown for the CBS Xfinity Monday Live show from 6:30-7:00. Have a...
When people decide to do right, sometimes it can be too late.
are either of you in her district? They are neck and neck! I am optimistic for Sandy!
Cherry blossoms in Vancouver spring. Ah. See you soon NYC. Muah Ian.
Honestly. This dog would be in serious trouble.
#Nuggets Al Harrington had successful surgery this morning on his torn meniscus in his right knee.
You should wash that raw #meat down with a #pint of concrete.
Bay Areans, I'll be providing some sound bites tonight on KNTV's (NBC Bay Area) Sports Sunday at 11:25pm.
Pool safety gear is critical to a good pool
couldn't agree more!
hahha! I know!!!
Don't cry just say F*ck You and Smile . <3
#prayforlondon. i really hope it doesn't happen in manchester too.
in ATL was so good last night. making up dance combos to ingrid all week. be ready students.
Amen “: 40 years I've been coaching, North Carolina has played at home each year (in the NCAA tournament). -Boeheim”
You are welcome!
Kelly's/Kincaids?!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 61F A FEW CLOUDS
#NFB thanks for the follow
I don't wanna do my FUCKING homework.
Sure pal.
I agree completely! Just a couple more days would be great
just another ordinary day...
RT : The high lights of my day I met Bill de Blasio that was awesome and I saw some of friends after so long
#Nonprofit Tip: When setting up always use a general email you own (admin@) to maintain control if staff/venders leave.
So annoying. Ordered gifts for several folks from Disney 3 weeks ago. They just contacted me to let me know they are out of stock.
Got the brown belt and moved up to the advanced class in karate today.
New Google glasses: Map directions, individual profiles will appear literally before your eyes. Fortunes will be made in technology.
Time to look at the pros and cons of Browns draft picks. If I go the comprehensive route maybe I can figure out who the best pick really is.
you sure should!
I couldn't be more over it...
Had some great auditions for , , & today! + an awesome phone interview for a job. Oh, and the sun is out
Can't wait to check in with and everywhere in Ptown :)
Quite the awesome bill tonight: Emperor X, Golden Glasses, Front Bottoms, and DBB Plays Cups -- 8PM, !
Is Cedar Point open yet? Because I want to go NOW.
It's so sad watching someone else change and form into something that you thought they'd never be. Oh well, you can only do so much.
KJ its all good. And getting better brother.
You are very welcome. I'm looking forward to it!
alex you tweet yourself?
Web MD: something that makes the common cold into a deadly disease that will kill you in 24 hours
what is that?
Yes...how can I help you? Anything...
- A classic at AT&T tonight
Hungry... don't like that.
Thanks for following me!
Then you say well never be the same..
Clubs & Bars - Let your fans see your music schedule or drink specials via text while walking down the street. They won't walk PAST!
Thanks Don! Appreciate all of the help and support from you and the team. Look forward to catching up in Austin.
ha, that's funny, Um, NO! it's a Buffalo Chix Sandwich, know your role!
Happy Hour from 3-5pm: Buy 1, Get 1 Free Wraps! (24th st and San Antonio)
lets go get a fatass hamburger.
: ) RT : U sound like a dream come true I need a trip to LA to come & visit :D
Getting "the college talk" from my uncle
This is gunna be a good fight!
Really enjoying the format of this debate. Also, enjoying Romney's consistent criticism of President Obama.
A cops worst enemy...A camera phone with a mic.
Check out Antonio Parker Quartet Tonight I 9PM - 1AM I $15 I
#Little5 pro tip: Plan ahead! If you're gonna drink, don't drive. If you're gonna drive, don't drink. If you're gonna walk, take a friend.
I just noticed that the snake on 's website is animated.
Had Fun Dwntwn Wit My Niggas N My Lil
Thank you!
“Every moment you get is a gift. Spend it on things that matter. Don’t spend it by dwelling on unhappy things.” - Unknown
if you love your mom shout me out!!!!
Thats the greatest thing since sliced meds!
Just pushed over an 8 yr old smurfette for walking in my grass.
I knew you would. #lazy RT : man forget my keurig I want that!!!
And now I have health insurance! HELLO METARIE!
Just hear present on shelfari.com for a quick way to catalog a small collection for a student org
Love ya
Will be able to add some classical music to layers of electro-funk-rap-disco-reggae-ska-punk-rock culture!
Love you thanks !!
Ben & Jerrys is giving out free ice cream from 12-8 today! Yum!
#TEDActive here I come! CMH->PSP looking forward to a needed week of creative immersion and recharging.
and hasnt had a job since leaving the assembly 14 months ago? just waiting the the next govt job!
I have to do some serous math now. Double digit shit. It was nice knowing you.
i would say we even since the Cubs lost but it was to the White Sox so yeah
Sarah did you end up buying the smelly hello kitty folder?? Haha I love you<3 your amazing!!
is the greatest person I know <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
How you do one thing is how you do everything.
yesterdy I dreamed I was in a car flew off a cliff then I woke up 2 u reporting that car that went off the bridge on national ave
Lovely to hear! RT : Just a little 'thanks' for the inspiration you provide!
100 Question exam and these people are done in the first 15 min, im sure they all did great
Please clear up the MKG injury, Buzz Baker had everyone believing he had the squirts on the tv telecast.
RT : Live a #SelfApproved life - don't mind what other ppl say, think or do! Just keep goin bein' fabulous YOU!
we can only hope!
I had the pleasure of hearing you speak today at my Alma Mater. I am inspired by you and your work and of course MLK! Thank you!
Reconfiguring the Literary at
yeah my bad been on the road all day just got home. Was out of town for Xmas. Sucks
Heyy shorty! hope all is well! miss ya
Crishawn Hopkins creating a couple of offensive opportunities off the bench. Hit a shot, then dished it off to Marshall for a dunk. 14-9 UWM
Happy First Day of May!
OH MY FUCKING GOD. I wanna throw a train at the girl who is sitting in front of me on the bus. She is so judgemental, and annoying af!
Xavier defeats Notre Dame, on St. Patty's Day. Ohio schools are 4-0. The Musketeers face Lehigh on Sunday.
Off work, at my temporary residence and drinking Chai Tea
The show was bitchin minus the shitty two openers...if i knew was goin on at 9 that's when I woulda got there
Kleine adds Honda Power Equipment
A twitter too!? There goes the internet.
Leighton Ford You don<U+0092>t drown by falling in water; you only drown if you stay there.
The Saturdays sing at Oxford Street Christmas lights switch-on - BBC News BBC News The Saturdays sing at Oxford Street Christmas lights s
Butterbeer: No Harry Potter <3 needed to enjoy. This is the most delicious drink available on earth. Yeah, I said it and I'm standing by it
Very nice! Enjoy the trip -- I'm jealous!
girls who smoke are bigger boner killers than girls w/ tattoos or face piercings, who like phish, or wear flannel combined
Yes. #smallthingsmakemehappy Glad #Pens' #manwithtwofirstnames will be getting some much needed R&R!
Art Book sale tomorrow at the Harvest Book Outlet. Most just $2.00. Great ones/Heavy ones/Great and Heavy ones.
OMG I wanna go mail me a ticket :D ((:
all bad.
thanks for giving my phone to mr. cambell lol. :p
Can't believe Michael was bumped from the top five by Mason… seriously?
Gotta say thanks to everyone I met on my journey from the bed to the bathroom last night. but, despite all your support, I couldn't make it.
US STOCKS-Futures gain, stocks to close worst week of year
Skyler is home. He still has no twitter.
I'm so comfy. I don't want to get up.
More times than I care to recall.
SLE 3 YEAR ANI PARTY @ THE W TONIGHT! FREE BOOZE STARTING @ 8 pm COME HELP THE SLE CREW & I CELEBRATE 3 AMAZING YEARS!! Hit me up 6028820317
yey haha ell us iconiacz are really exited we can't wait!
Stop by the REDD booths when you are there!
yes I'm going! Lol of course its fun
we play the championship game at 6. boom time!!!
In Oshkosh for Alumni Night at Valley Christian High School. Let's Go Warriors! Beat Montello!
no doubt
Depends. Are you taking Mac?
RT I have to read in the tweets that my mamacita is longer at KISS. Where are you lady? movin to Akron Ohio
I got the overlays to work but your voice at the end makes it... interesting. XD
u welcome
i been stuck on this 3rd page of this paper for like an hour. i been writing and writing but it seem like im not going anywhere. :/
Mildred - the frustration of their dearest hopes
Thanx for following me :D
driving back from vegas. work at 7. so excited.
Wine Tasting Gala - Sample 20 wines and savor delectables at the historict 1889 schoolhouse, downtown Mount Horeb at 7:00 pm tonight!
Bad bitches don't have to tell mf's that they bad
One day me and my future family will live by the beach and enjoy life.
I have, I literally don't eat all day so I can be hungry for it when I get to work
Mario Lopez & Maria Menounos are so totally "doing the nasty", but I guess it's a secret till Extra has a slow celebrity news day!
WTF is hanging out of Nick Johnson's mouth? A piece of salami?
Off to an audition!! I get to wear a costume :)
That's whats up! They are too sick. Incredible musicianship and improv performing. Still in for #Kimock ?
Woke up in the middle of sleeptime... hungry. But I'm fighting the edge. Cuz its not #healthy to keep grubbing at night.
hahah so hyper ! ima go hit my sister with a bananna!!!!!!!!!;)
fair enough...it's been a few years since I had this wine and I'm trying to find some explanation for my shift of opinion
"Im so dumb, I'm smart!" wait, what?? Lol
Mental note: Leave the song that starts with "if I get murdered in the city" off of the playlist when riding the train.
Intuitive Surgical - Aggressive Growth - NASDAQ
Thanks for the shout out Anna!
"The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you."
2 books arrived: The Man Who Lied to His Laptop by Nass & Papert's Mindstorms. I feel like Burgess M. in Twilight Zone. Many books, no time.
Time to bring out the summer clothes <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Off to the house so my stepmommy can do my nails. :)
"Jane Jacobs was a Tea Partier?" Total clickbait headline, but interesting piece. Book looks promising.
yum-oh, chicago is a town for foodies
I like how these kids think they're all that playing their little winx club game.
#Kathy love her mom.
hey I'm of one direction biggest fans . Could u say hello to everybody. And I would love to meet u guys
maybe I'm too Suburbia for this lifestyle...? Miss you! See you in 3 weeks!
I paid $4.49/gal for regular gas in LA on Monday.
Dammit shouldn't have gone out last night.... Why must $1 wells be so tempting and why am I not strong enough to resist?? Lol
You've never BEEN more right! And you're right a lot. RT you sound like a fun group a broadz :)
I've noticed the love between you and I'm kinda jealous ;)
Sports: making people yell profanity at TVs since 1950.
Big 'thank you' to Sprint for the 1 million dollar purse for the race this Sat!
come to HOLLAND MICHIGAN!, PLEASE FOR MY BIRTHDAY !!!!
Have shared this before, but I think it's worth repeating. "I believe more in the scissors than I do in the pencil. "- Truman Capote
Glass olive oil jar just shattered on my foot. Yep, that pretty much sums up all of today.
Ju got one more time lmao love him though.
you know it. How is your Monday btw?
yeah right! great question. situation taken care of
Wat's funny? Good morning!
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow. Goethe
I hope you do! :D
Haha aww don't wash it yet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Today is an kind of day at the old guitar shop
Dickens is our beard of the day! Craving soup yet? Greatbeardsofhistory.com
Skilling is always super hip.
Businesses be sure to sign up on our Website and support our mission to support local businesses, and save consumers money with our card!
on the PC T&S screen: "To listen live on your Verizon Android devices, Text Indy to 3406"
#oomf OMG got me thinking to much!
Eatin the best Meal From Wendy's!
that is easy!!!!
Agh! That's soo exciting! I'm sending you boatloads of zen vibes!
Think I'm sarcastic??? Watch me pretend like I care!!! Lol
What's goin on union station? Lovely to see you again, how are things?... Oh you want to catch up over some tacos? Sounds like a plan =)
HELP with my title. YA Novel about teens climbing Everest. Everest OMG! Teens on Everest OMG! Open to all suggestions.
hi ms.slim-all
A Message To You, Rudy - thanks for the earworm
When you think about it, all galaxies are far, far away
likes to volunteer herself on CENTRAL !
Anyone want to get me a soda? Soda
I was thinking of using the song's I was listening too. - prob shouldn't title it "baby got back" :)
ha, i totally do that too
stop lying I didn't say I wasn't going!!!
CNN reporting that Bobby Brown is supposed to be performing in the Memphis area tonight.
Had an amazing first meal at this weekend-saw what looks like a specialty meats store in the works? maybe #lasttoknow but awesome!
I can't wait for Catching Fire to come out. It's on my birthday next year and I'm so excited!!!!!
gaaaah wikipedia get back online already!
head hurts now
Looking forward to copresentimg Bulletproofing Your Career Online w , 8:30 am Monday at #STC12. A great way to start your day!
Watch it now, don't let the n-word hit you upside the head. Keep your distance from the abusers of this STILL negative & dehumanizing word!
Huntsman needs to stop talking about how much he likes Romney and Perry. It's annoying.
It's a beautiful day. So glad to be alive and healthy. Looking forward to a wonderful weekend.
It's 2 damn early 2 be at work.
New #Lebron Heat tees in stock....oh yeah, that #Bucky #Badger stuff, too. 608-241-8807
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Do you ever get nervous?
Just talked 2 the bus driver who alerted her school after she saw a student get into a strange car. You're going to love this one.
hahha thanks!!:)<U+2665> -anna
I left my laptop charger at home and had to go get it. :( Im going back later on tonight
Ppl don't hate the steelers they hate the fans. To bad we don't care.
Mark, did you see the video DSLR hookups? Wow, I heard about this, but THIS rig makes a lot of sense! $ matters though...
RT : First word: Championship
Rumors are going around that Kapanke is a witch. We'd like to put them to rest. “You know me” Kapanke says in his new TV ad.
Come by room M202 today at Noon for the Right to Research Coalition Webcast, part of Open Access Week!
Enjoying the #ReverseMifgash where we've brought 7 Israelis and 3 Moscovites to DC for some multicultural Jewish learning.
you are amazing !! youre my favourite singer...after
so today i saw the sweetest thing ever! this really cute guy was helping his grandma. that shows u there is still sweet guys out there.<U+2764>
don't you mean OMFV?
I'm Lana Couture, and I'm honored to be part of the
...most hoes wulda been broke...loco n my benzo...Post Road dem my kin folk
I would love that,!! Congrats love!
interesting, never heard of an overacheiving soccer mom named Greg.
I'm struggling with managing personal and professional #Twitter accounts. What do y'all creative pros do?
the event was fantastic! Recommended :-)
Did any1 honestly see this Santorum thing coming tonight? I fatigued nat'l political press got blindsided & r scrambling to cover it.
12th time in a row and Microsoft still gets me by sorta-deleting DevelopmentStorage after I reboot. That's 2 hours I'll never get back...
I think I just need more Rays on my team, that'll fix things!
I just love #LongIslandMedium! Watching it makes my 'Jersey accent come out! Haha
NAWL. I gotta go home. Like...IMMEDIATELY.
can someone suggest a good FREE project management site/software? i need to track time + send invoices, etc. i like harvest but it's 12/mo.
Waste of my time that's what it is
The masses of people lead lives of quiet desperation, because they lack a sound plan through which to accumulate a fortune. Napoleon Hill
The market manipulators are laboring hard to get some leverage. That they have some leverage is shown by the DOW not down as much.
Good Monday Tweepers. <U+2615> <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>
The publishers are giving away free books at the PLA conference!
Wow the Piña film is stunning. Go.
The dumba55 JoePa impersonation has got to go!
Oh, I like that.
You should come to Ohio with Rach then. Just sayin.
This summer better be as cool as the last
hell yea mane
(Eric Hoffer) It sometimes seems that intense desire creates not only its own opportunities, but its own talents.
There is no greater love than someone who will die for her or his friends
Love to!
Happy Earth day!
I have an Evo HTC. If I never use it I can make it through the day without charging. Which begs the Q: what's the m'f'n point?
Love the "neutral know-how" inserts, never knew what to put with gray besides b/w. Keep them coming!
William Pitt~ Eloquence is in the assembly not merely in the speaker.
Ducks just got a blast of 24/7 from the unhappy coach. Few bombs launched from Bruce Boudreau.
Calling all cheesecake lovers!Today is National Cheesecake Day and The Cheesecake Factory is offering slices at 1/2 price,Celebrate&enjoy !
It's fascinating how the art world is just like the world itself; boring and repeating itself infinitely!
Honey I'm Home ;)
Yeah, I guess my question would be, "why might you be studying the use of the optative for that long of period?"
is trying to compete with me for biggest #Scandal fan tonight. Seriously thought, I would win!
SillyMickel&#39;s Blog: Things That Want to Be Said: Air Pollution, Fetal ...
Unfortunately I won't be able to make it this year. You?
I love my past. I love my present. I’m not ashamed of what I’ve had, and I’m not sad because I have it no longer...
Thanks for the follow guys! Ever do live music?
Following you back ! Take Care!
Extra long workout as a result of dropping my keys on the trail and getting to backtrack to find them.
being absolutely in love with the person who broke your heart. ;(
Hoping we are busy today....need to make up for not being here yesterday....
Has anybody here tried any bookmarking APIs? Any recommendations please? Doesn't need to have social/sharing features.
Why can't we get weather like this on Wednesdays??
hi there cutie
Looks like a beautiful afternoon to be on the water. Headed for the river. How 'bout you?
I LOVE this job! I'll be within arms reach of Zoey deschanel for their first three songs!!
sounds like a plan!
I am NOT looking forward to Summer. I do not like temps when they exceed 70. I love the cool days and cold nights.
#LetsBeBlunt gas ain't cheap right now so I ain't going over JUST to watch a movie if you know what I mean!
It's really great to hear the MBA teams talk about how much they've fallen in love with New Orleans.
Woohoo! Get the activity warmed up :) Look forward to hearing about it...
Nobody said it was easy
Another exhausting but awesome day of shooting for Seizure 2.
When you see Viola Davis on stage--you will always be on her side.
im good in AZ now. trying to start my family. workng on trying 2 setup some events here. ill let you know and we can work.
Last blast of #SCOPENewYork! Join at tonight! Exhibitor badge or VIP card for entry: Let's Dance!
one of the perks of working late on tomorrow's is getting to sit in on 's class happening right now...
and trying to figure out ways to motivate them more.
now that your signed with bad boy do you have any plans for upcoming solo projects?
It is unfortunate that things did not work out with the system we are using and we are going out of business. The domain is now for sale.
Cute pic Hooligan! Thank you for following me <U+2665>
Love is a beautiful thing when its real and shared genuine between two people...its easy and free
Cool to connect with you here! I love Twitter, though I'm mostly a book nerd here.
Lmao I have 19 absences in science.
Eating grapes with the sister<3
Text SPEEDRACER to 87654 for your chance to win 2 UNLIMITED WRISTBANDS!!!
Sometimes you just gotta say fuck it n have fun
4 creamer packets and 2 sugar packets and you've got yourself a drinkable cup of coffee.
hi Justin can u please send me a autograph
i give you props for the midnight showing. I couldn't have done it.
Reports that Bobby Petrino is out as Arkansas Head Coach.
Set your mind on things above, not on the things that are on earth. -Colossians 3:2
Happy Birthday what are you doing today?
Heading to St. Anthony's LAST fish fry of this Lenten season... Come on out!
Page is in the works!
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother. -Khalil Gibran
get naked for us!!!
I would've gone with Clemmensen. // RT Jose Theodore leads #FlaPanthers onto the ice; it's Uncle Theo v #njDevils M. Brodeur
Happy Birthday Natalie Cole! That, and Alto saxophonist Cannonball Adderley recorded "Sophisticated Swing." AcousticRooster
I am going to puppet warp you.
Walking with John and Steven was the worst decision in my life. My crocs and socks are wet now :-(
Its been fun tweeting im a give my fingers a rest and btw my mind going blank
Helpful #groceryshopping tip- stay around the perimeter of the store. The inner aisles are typically loaded w/ processed foods!
Which makes it a great theme! RT : Play is the highest form of research<U+2015> Albert Einstein
I don't wanna change no dude, I just want him to compliment me as a woman!
Let's light this candle. Oh how I love King of Queens
Hey Erin! Just shot you an email :) let me know when you get it!
of course! Through good and bad. I grew up in Fair Oaks from age 5-18.
Thank You for the RT! And, I too have gala on my bucket list!
My legs are really sore. I really hope they're not like this tomorrow
. you making kale chips or you coming out tonight?
She's a much more controlled drunk than , I'd say she's unfit to drive still.
I started watching it again on Netflix and now I'm hooked!
it would make my night if u would please please tweet me back pretty please <3333
no better place on earth
hey i missed that brainsurge thingy last night wat episode was it
I bought a 2 pack of Arum Cornutum -- aka - Voodoo Lily!
Damn, something big must've happened. Something like 15 fire trucks/ambulances just went down Hanna.
Sorry You're Not A Winner
Off 2 Venice beach 4 the photo shoot !!!
New Follower=))
Can't go wrong with fresh spring rolls!
Because of their Caleb hanie signing, broncos will officially wave the white flag if manning gets hurts. Guess they didn't c hanie in '11
on the pet jersey can you get an 18 on it instead of 00?? If so...I will def take one! :)
Mechanized but still in 1910s garb! And people pushing levers! MT Set of cartoons from 1910 imagining life in 2000 bit.ly/ov9yeb
re: your morey tweet. didn't you mean to ask mr. ferry that question?
Got a lot of material coming your way and a few cover songs. What songs would you like to hear from us?
Love family makes no mention of #Huguely in written statement and asks for those to "respect our privacy".
I'm never going to NOT want to punch an orphaned child every time I see that.
follow the 14 year old phenom from #xfactor on twitter!
#smwreuters #smwnyc reminds us all of the importance of keeping the Internet open and unfettered by control by corps, govs,
After watching Mad Men last night, I wonder if a 40-year-old me in 1966 would've been a Beatles fan. It's far too depressing to think about.
i thought was hanging out with the girl this weekend.
I'm putting together a list of dresses for an event i have in a few weeks , will need your opinion
In honor of mother's day, I think I might watch the "Motherboy" episode of Arrested Development.
oh, like women are any better.
please follow me<3:)
TSOl-NY is at Death by Audio in Brooklyn to catch 80's WaxTrax! band CONTROLLED BLEEDING. Should be good.
come to UK and hang the ninth banner.
Going To Get My Hair Done Toady Cuz Lord Knws I Need It!!
Why we gotta argue bout the same thing..tell me why we gotta argue bout the same thing same thing ah
i thought Lucille Ball could sing when she was young no?
"DJ blow my speakers up". I like the imagery of that line
Props! His voice is amazing.
It kills me how people change for the worst and swear they still the same..smh
Thank you for the retweets! You are an amazing person! If I can help you in any way please contact me at my www.innothinkgrou
So sent me a record at 6am---played a few times around noon---my girl singin it at work now..
Learning LinkedIn From the Experts: A Practical Guide to Leveraging LinkedIn
RT : Hey you, you won one of the DVDs tonight :)
Smokin wit my cuzzo just smoked two blunts of the dro and purple kush<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0083>
President Obama is speaking Live, to watch please visit www.tncnews.com click on CNN Live
Have a great holiday season and my best wishes for 2012! Hope to see you all next year! Take care!
How was your Valentine's Day?
it is one of the funniest movies i have seen in a LONG time!!!!! I hope you enjoy it!
Some people play Rockband, some people play Drunkband, i'm currently playing Trashedband.
so happppyyyy, can we make babies soon?
<3 We bite hard!
How am I supposed to get any homework done when I have all these emotions?!
Great opening day! Thanks Carmel/Westfield
Thanks for the #FF!
INVESTMENT-Financial decisions in life Home-College-Reirement-Healthcare A bad decision on 1 can take away the others? www.theprofittrap.com
ugh...still so full from dinner last night!! was phenom.
We are having a monster week...
So that wakin up at 5am didn't happen. Went to sleep a little too late for that. And 4 hrs of sleep wasn't gon cut it.
Because you're framing it wrong. I think he should have stated his support long ago. That doesn't mean I think he never should.
On the replay you can hear Eli yell "Glass" on that 6 pt half court shot...feels like 07/08
lol matter of fact I wore a du rag in like 4 years or so. so not wassup lol ahaha
At #12ntc with a book idea? Drop by the bookstore to chat with or We're here today and tomorrow.
oh i thought it was yours sorry. lol i was gonna say that is faster dont you think (:
didn't we do this before?
I know, when are we going?
why have I taken a liking to teeny-bop U.K. boy bands?
NO SERIOUSLY. I'm pretty sure that they're gonna meet you & be like "OMG MYRI! OUR GERMAN WELLER!"
Follow me on Instagram!
Look at existing homes for the best value - often bigger house & yards for less money than new construction.
Everyone is a genius, but if you judge a fish on its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
i hear that.
Glad I'm home with my princess instead of being irresponsible
yessir. The #1 on sourdough is a real solid sandwich.
Just registered for the event on Thursday. Can't wait!
dm Would you be open to a 15 minute call for some advice?
They're just so yummy!
can I go see youu? ^_^
Lost + I Am Legend = The Walking Dead. Became addicted last night.
We hope everyone has a wonderful start to the semester!!! We'll keep you updated on our next meeting!
Hello to all our new followers! For every new follower this week, we're donating 10 cents to the WWF. Spread the word!
I know
Sat @ the MOOSE - Peach and Tomato Gazpacho - Ground Beef Chili - Cous Cous and Crab Cake Tacos -
Any chance the Bears will trade Forte?? Broncos????? Briggs just got a extension,. That won't go over well!!
Plus since awesome uses lua for it's configuration files, it seems like a nice gateway into learning how to do some lua scripting!
Everyone loves when you hang out with Paul Hamm
hello! All is well here bud! How r u?? :D
justin i luv u loads im ur biggest fan i'll luv to meet u in perso if i could x JB love ive got bieber fever x
Loves when people ignore me.
I just got an email message from "FuckBook". Really spammers? That works?
aww thanks! I like :-D
still waiting on that music video! :)
If you have a talent an need management Email your talent, name, an contact to
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, and others make it happen.
Don't forget to recipe hunt on tastespotting.com! The food tastes so beautiful so often!
YOLO = You Obviously Lack Originality
I hope you realize what you gave up.
No Justified! I have Happy Endings, Community, 30 Rock, Mad Men, The Voice, The Office and Parks & Rec!
oh yea>.< shit .-. Ugh I need a job
You're welcome Sheyna, and thank you for re-following.
Rain Fitness is open REGULAR HOURS today! 8am - 7pm. *no group classes today*
just the other work one lol
Thanks to this week's new followers
. . Touring . Together ? That'll be one amazing tour :D #imustgo !
Messy females talk noise, stupid hoes chase boys, ignorant tricks follow dick and bad bitches get rich
Yes, served cold. I first tried it at Olive Garden but Barefoot Roscato is pretty good too. I encourage you to try it!
When is the #giveaway over? Midnight? Good luck all & especially !
That was genuinely moving.
Yas, stan for True Blue RT : Madonna's Video Open Your Heart Is 73 On Fuse Sexiest Videos Of All Time. I Always Liked This Video
YOLO has just become a stupid ass excuse for people to do stupid ass shit .
Sounds good to me. Got a place in mind?
wow, I really like that one! Thanks!
Stay tuned for the new original track! Go to soundclound.com/dsdsq2
Extra Mayo.
So today,as a personal challenge, I will refrain from cursing. My alternatives include: fudge,pit,witch
So I was driving along, and omg, a bead show, can you believe it? Beads at wholesale prices and 50%off woo hoo!
Hahaha he said he had no friends
glad thats over with..(work)..now ii can relax.. :)
#Read a book every so often a healthy mind is the first step to a healthy body
Private Parts is the best movie Howard! It should be on constant rotation on cable just like Twilight seems to be!
So bummed I missed you (got there late), I heard great things though!
Good thing I'm sitting here watching Billy Madison by myself peeing my pants laughing. Lol #dontcare <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Q2 I would be happy with emails from the staff before I arrived saying welcome and general friendliness. Nothing big.
I angry today these idiots are cyberstalking and undermining my gpa
RT : Directly unto this question that I ask.
"Greatness is contagious. You'll catch it if you're around it." -Lifeclass lessons with Bishop TD Jakes
Say dat shit dub! RT Yall Celtic Fans get off my TL HATING ON THE Lakers cause The 76ers got in y'all ass !!!!
Follow Me Please!? 76
what if it was
serious knowledge got #Solar Energy written by Daniel Behram in 1976 - "All the components of sunshine can be turned into power"
Happy Easter!
Sitting here with a stinger in one hand, The Gentleman's Companion Vol. 2 (Being an Exotic Drinking Book) in the other. Life's good.
Oh hey stomach. I didn't wanna keep my food or anything. Its cool.
Trying to find info and pics about animals wearing jewelry ;) Anyone know any pet-jewelry designers??!! (for a multimedia project)
our fave!“: sampling all four varieties Pearl store today from 1pm - 4pm. See you there!”
The Spice Girls had the coolest tour bus.
Honestly, I still pine for the gold rush park idea.
it really doesn't matter, just seeing the name. Best one was table reservations for valentines day though.
Panthers select Luke Kuechly
I jet can't go night night <U+E058><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
Hello to you too!! Join our fab fb page and give us a call..we'd LOVE to chat with you. Choices are endless..BE CHOOSEY!
This day is so gorgeous I just cannot do homework! Shopping and bar hopping in Broad Ripple with Lauren Crum is way better<U+E04A><U+E327><U+E043><U+E30C>
I'm trying to join D'vision.
Bitch, get yo ass back in Miami lmao. Saturday might be club space so make sure you let me know when you're back
I think I'm going to go on a deleting spree on Facebook
you wanna get wings and cheesy potatoes?
I told you that you'd love it! My little French Croissant!
Old School RT : A suspension of a starting pitcher is nothing if it's less than 10 games.
Dude next to me is 40 lbs overweight, and he is stuffing an egg mcmuffin in his face. Nice.
Happy hour ... Come on peeps!!!!
that would be post lunch for me lol
Why does Zayn look extra amazing in that One Direction video..
thanks to all for the congrats! we're really excited. come visit us:)
but im going to visit this month forsure!
u loved it
Basketball or baseball, which shall I choose?
I knw rite
Thanks for a fun afternoon of Halloween costume hunting Watch next week to see the story!
Happy #cincodemayo, guys! Seeing any good movies or indie films this weekend?
I think this is my walk down E. Grand since the fall of C 'n D Gyros. A chilling somberness has fallen over me.
thanks for the RT !!
Who is amped for The Future of Reference today? is! #letsdothis #allensmith....wahoo!
I'm not hating on nobodies grind, but if your're garbage im tell you straight up!
I am!
not if theyre right about the rapture.
It ain't over till it's over. The Cardinals were down by 3 last night too. Hang in there.
We May Lose Something In Life, But In The End It Gets Better To Realize That We've Gain Something Much Worthy Of...
ok! I'm in the zone now. Thanks for your help!!
Thank you for reading.
well,you made me laugh :D
Its officially mothers day wanted 2 b sure ur 1st I say HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to!": GRANDMA'S RULE......"
Hahaha not too soon. You're "welcome"!
laying down and you? :)
thanks Ken. Like ur new logo. Sharp.
remembers what you did last night. Dirty! Dirty! Dirty!
This storm... Is beautiful <3
Those look so good! Would be great for a showroom tour at our place. Perhaps we need to taste test!
omg you too, everyone at stars is beyond talented and fierce, whenever i compete i keep them in mind
I dream in light only to have a dark reality! Scream and fight only to ignite a spark of humanity! Swim on my lips and drown in my words! Me
like... I'm starting to worry..
is hiring 2 Online #Marketing #interns! Must have experience in #socialmedia & fashion blogging. Message me if interested!
For every action there is an equal opposite reaction...so don't get upset, it's science.
Package on the way to you today! You should have it Friday. Let me know what you think.
this comes the day after my PT made a comment about my working out to 'stay pretty'. Headdesk x 100.
Hes got that ass
Community The Videogame is EVERYTHING.
beeeeem negão k' u.u , como foi o find!?
That's a suprise?!
Im really not feeling this short hair cut of mines
16 year old Frances has just lost his parents and his grandmother takes him to live with her on her private island that is where he meets
Why does Ali McGinley have posers? Is she famous? SERIOUSLY WHO IS SHE?
Let's do it for her! Think we can raise money for their salary? Awesome! Up late tonight huh?
it might take u a long time to get here...but I'll keep the bed warm. ;-)
thank you! Long time no talk!
Discovered husband will eat kale when it is surrounded by egg and sausage.
different brushes for different effects, keep experimenting what they can do
thank god that tmrw is friday! :D
damn I hate your ass lmao. aren't you gonna get out of school suspension now?
It's always a #challenge to get through a work day when you start it with something so #sad -
So, How was Bonnie?
One of my mentees got 2 interviews this week! Keeping fingers & toes crossed. It's hard out here for hustlers.
one second, geez Kent!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
No lobbing law bombs unless you are properly credentialed
About to do a photoshoot for some advertisements. Being a web designer has its glamorous moments.
Today we will be doing mixtape reviews, shout outs and ratings so please stay w us. We love this part of our job
Idk how I'm feeling about the Bulls performance tonight
i love moms. they are some of the most caring individuals on the planet. happy mothers day!
Im gone b doin the All White Party tomorrow @ Brooklyns!
just checking in before I go to bed I try to rest sundays cause I'm busy all week
Get the best of Atlanta with
Best times to post: before morning coffee & after evening wine.
Ha! Although we're mildly intrigued by that combo, everyone knows popcorn permeates the air for DAYS.
RT FOX says Keselowski got 55k followers since fire. But Danica got 60k since FOX showed her stripping on way to porta-potty.
I'm over here fixing my hair, not even bothered.
“: he going down lol” right
pretty good for being stretched between two cities how about you
I think some of these pretty nigvas on twitter are secretly fruity in the booty
": I love you and that's all that's ever gonna matter from now on"love ya too lol
This weekend with my family >>>>>>>
#wordoftheday The bedizening of the garden was a lazy attempt at whimsy. - Thanks Tc!
Hilarious. I saw this yesterday and posted on my FB page.
Do you know how many fangirls nearly had an aneurysm during your Empire Awards speech. Well done sir
I 2nd that! So much fun! "Specl thx 2 all my friends for a making red-carpet event so special!"
Redcats USA Appoints Jonathan Bernstein to CEO of The Golf Warehouse Redcats USA has appointed Jonathan Bernstein as CEO of The Golf Ware
Hey cool cats, open jam at Bobby Rockets 3-7 on Sunday. Watch me be in love with myself in person!
friends Birthday Party
So, you've got a bunch of individual surrogate records, and you export them to a composite, static html page/pdf?
goodbye spring break... hello school :(
always b aware of the moves your makennnn.
<U+0095> Be available to work required overtime hours when needed including weekends
If you don't like Austin, then don't listen to his music. Stop hating on him, he's don't nothing wrong. Let him live his dream in peace.
wish i could be at all!!
El Borracho El Catrin....but who would play La Sirena?¿? Where do the beans come into play!? :-)
Despite the pain of a red eye flight after 3 nights of no sleep, the #getlitfestival was absolutely worth it. Great job, !
#littleknownfact They used my body for
Christ in me is the hope of my Glory!
If that name's taken, I'll name my place "Capps". I'll serve only cappuccinos (w/whole milk) in those little plastic baseball helmets.
smiles don't exist if i'm in traffic lol
I see you are obsessively watching the IC elections just like me. Haha. Love you. Two girls from my region are running! <3
#BigHairyIDEA retrofit whole city blocks to energy neutrality #MNEarthDay Could we do it???
What a gorgeous day. It would be nice if the weather stayed like this all summer long.
Words' chat is down for me. So 1. No other story, just that anecdote. And 2. MOAR VOWELZ PLZ.
“ If you want to know where your heart is, look where your mind goes when it wanders.”
RT : What's up baby! Follow this sexy artisy she goes hard on the mic....
As you know Omega 3's help dry eye - the best? www.5StarFishOil.com - helps my dry eye considerably!
RT : A1: Because mental illness is an "invisible disability"
what the balls? i take that personally!
All props to Billy Joel EYES WITHOUT A FACE was a pretty good movie
FLYER & HIGHER DAN DOS OTHER GIRLS :)
Would you sell your used underwear if it meant big bucks?! We know someone who has
Fuck it then ima just forget about you too then
BTW I am not a member of Ayn's family~ I am one of 5000+ ANGRY people who want Justice4Ayn!
Can't wait to join in NYC for the 116th St. Festival - 30-day countown!
but a goatee is both classy and manly
just messing with you. but glad to hear you're doing 'em periodically! my teacher training starts tomorrow.
god i love those numbers
Sometimes the soul needs a rest too. Observe, don't judge, when you rest. Find what you need to motivate you to be who you are.
Nope, straight out of the fridge.
We're very interested in responsive design. Any resources you can suggest?
Good look! What's your full name fam? We got you.
Is pinterest really mobile? Mobile site doesn't work too well in my experience
Delicious dinner Had been meaning to try them for awhile. Very good food & great guest service.
Interesting piece. I hope Wisconsin can serve as a refuge for the deserting employer from IL. You can make it happen governor.
My dishwasher (the machine, not me) sucks
Thank you! We always have fun :)
I'm surprise about Michael Jackson.
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes.
Just found my phone I'm bout happy af. !
so are the bloopers! :)
That's true right there! Good tweet!
Oops, I meant to ask if you have the picture I was taking with the flip cam in that photo.
Miami Rum Renaissance Festival sold out on Groupon! BUMMER!
What is your biggest struggle in your #smallbusiness?
Okay great !!
cannot stop tweeting you i reached about 100 tweets btw #boyfriend rocks and so are you
That's good to hear friend : ) I'm missing my twitter peeps
I signed up. I'm looking forward to the invitation
Feel like im in the ocean so ima keep on strokib
oh and made the song follow them please? Thanks.
well when he's playing strong, nucka got good d. Idk wtf is gng on right now
looks like I'm out of the race too.
Angel was more than just a dog To me..<3 #RIPAngel :/
Yup. Grounds for Divorce. My third-favorite song on that album—'Some Riot' and 'Friend of Mine' are cathartic.
like this status if u want to be in the next video. if we already talked before, we arre about to update you on everything! thanks
text me now valentine
New difficult-to-spell NYS place name mastered today: Rensselaer
No problem lemme kno what happens!
Fave thing about music school: trying to go to sleep with windows open and people are singing loudly and strumming loud... I LOVE it
Just waiting for the charts to pop up! What this morning will bring. No one knows,mean while i think I will have a cup of java!
So true...I've honestly come to believe that heavy rain is the secret cue for crazy drivers to hit the road! :P
That hilarious moment when your teacher says pianist really fast and it sounds like penis... Best day ever lol!
Put him in my pocket. #success >:)
Kind of bummed about my lack of followers. Maybe if I was clever. Um. Soup?
Did you know you can tweet a baseball? <U+26BE> <U+26BE> Yup. <U+26BE> <U+26BE>
Go Rangers! Tell your son to have a great stellar injury free year next year! He's gonna be a beast.
That's about right. All delivery customers use them & more and more store customers want them. We would love 100% use of them.
How was your Sunday?
The Scott County School district has called off classes for Friday, January 13
Madison!!! Madison! Please RT or Follow? :D I would totally start freaking out ;O thats all im asking :)
Buffalo Wild Wings with the family.(:
Alright ... Make me skinny
They will!<3 No need for that wish, I guarantee that your teeth will look A-MA-ZING!!!!<3(:
next on the schedule, game with and ...Astros fans beware.
YES. RT : Its disturbingly satisfying for me to report spam accounts. (CC: )
If that doesn't turn you on I'll keep talking till something does.
Then, again, I have heard it is no use yourapplying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything butreal bright, blazing, fiery red
cool school day?
Man I absolutely despise research papers. It's too much work to find someone else's analysis that matches up with your own.
Marcy Bowdren leads off the 5th with a solo HR to left center, her 7th of the season.
haha everybody just going cause they see other ppl going
I'll give you my money before I give you my time. But don't ask for my money, either, cause it took time to make.
Great session about instructional design! Like I said in the session, instructional design is evolving. It's about analysis, design, develop
But the priceexacted was too high
Rip Donna Summers
ill get one tomorrow and text u
Inspired by some of the excellent research work reflected in the summaries of dissertation awards. Amazing work.
#ICantStandPeople who always try to be better then you!
We're the VIP hyper-local cab service to the highrises, upscale venues, and hotels of downtown Austin.
Thank you! RT : what a great bio, you have. "Wide-eyed and fearless" awesome.
: can't wait 2 see ur looks on the red carpet Mon.! Ur show in Atlanta =
and Nial are just taking over the U.S right now!! <3
didn't work
Wood Products 9904 Fatwood Round Bundle Burlap, 4 Pounds for ...
So we're stickin with GRAND crew...we got 20 minutes left to tweet till I go.
My internet's out too, and iy looks like other people in Houston have the same problem. :(
love sushi!!
Jodeci to Lady Antebellum? Pregnant to abortion in the same night? Good on you.
I guess that YOU didn't really want it...
bahahha I need to go!
it just keeps getting better!!
keep up hte great work, spreading truth!
Looking for a professional Music Publisher to work our eclectic and extensive music catalog please.
. That's cat hair. They like to sleep on them. Get over it
Boss? #metlife?
This rain doesnt bother me butt if NetFlix stops working ...
LOL I had it for breakfast this morning ;)
aw RT : I think its time for a profile on Ms. Gotbaum and Ms. Krentzman
So glad you liked us?
Well... So much for using "Ride of the Valkyries" as my theme music for the slide show of my pictures...
NJ sues home contractors
Awesome we just got our 100+ followers. Will use twitterand to randomly select three random followers to get free Ice Cream. Thanks now 150+
when are your tour dates coming out?!
FOLLOW WE BACK:) 8
is it true that got the highest vote?
thank you! you too! :)
Eagle Rock Brewery with
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sander Van Doorn – Drink To Get Drunk
late game offense in some nba games is just horrible.
Like Snakes on Plane. But nerdier. And terrestrial.
You're easily the least interesting right wing tool on the #wiunion hashtag. Easily.
is following me on twitter! I feel like Mia Thermopolis.
ah i love my new car<3
I think it's Friday Chingaso Time™! The hell w/ the piñata stick, where did I put that machete?
Thanks Jessica :-)
website looks great Mary!!! Nice to connect.
Yeah, I never really got into Enterprise. There's just something off about it.
Well past noon and not so much as a text or tweet. I'm beginning to question your excitement.
Michael Pierce Listen before you talk and you will be better prepared to contribute.
Got the invite. :D Heading to BETA sever: Gilneas US (well, when it's ready)
I'm really glad you enjoy it Jen! Happy Bday!
R.I.P. Steve Reuther - your talent will be missed.
A shootout loss tonight. #icehockey #pdx but the won WTG guys
If you still waiting on ppl to pick you for a ride n shit cause you can't drive n your adult
I put the Stud in Students
asian male who uses a mac not that uses a mac. C'mon u know yr grammar
Watching #findingnemo... *Thinking*... my dad still aint #tried 2 find me. #bummer ole well -_____o
Undie run... Crazy. Got to love willy t during
Today, i told my car it's okay to tell me it's a transformer. It didn't answer. I guess it's just waiting for the right time. whatever..
Teamwork involves people working together and cooperating in order to get tasks done and to help local business grow and develop. Join us!.
the way kids eat is the most innocent pigging out ever.
send a track asap i dm you my email.
Loved the spots! Super fun! Even my husband loved them!
after spending a lot of time being lonely, i began to like being alone.
Haha yep! Should be pretty sweet!
can u ship me some of this Christmas ale I've read so much about ? Please ?
thank you <3 nationals bound so pumped!
Dream manfully and nobly, and thy dreams shall be prophets
PS: I'm heading to the Eagle to flirt irl w an internet buddy of mine bcuz he says no one ever tries to pick up on him & he's used to it.
To be truly successful, your digital strategy needs the support of your entire organization.
you see that buzzer beater I'm to hype for this series
Hi guess who will be home saturday?! ME ME ME ME ME
“They got money for the war but can’t feed the poor.” - 2pac
So glad your back, now its time to do things like we planned and make things even better.
I've been on summer vacation in my mind for the last month now
haha, if it wasn't for the soggy clothes I'd be great. It's better than walking that long in 105f though :)
You're not the same person you used to be. I liked the old you better .
SHOUT OUT PLEASE FOLLOW amazing person right here <U+E057><U+E057>
I have applied to soo many places for employment but have yet to become employed.
My 5,500 tweet goes to because he is my inspiration <3 and I love him so much and I'm proud of him (: love you Austin <U+2764>
Hi Alison-I think you've been hacked--Your account just DMd me something that looks spammy... Hope it's not too tricky to fix:)
Correctomundo! You got it. =)
I grew up with annual JLA-JSA crossovers & the Justice Society revival in the late 70s. I'm a sucker for Earth-2 stuff.
I feel like companies aggressively market these products to White women, which makes them more prone to being ashamed of "aging skin."
sorry to keep you waiting, hang in there :) glad you're siked though! New appearances being finalized and right around corner!
Right on brother!
WOOT WOOT!! they love you so I betchyu that they're gonna throw a huge concert/party for you!! :)
My dog's name is Indy too!
Weight loss can reduce joint pain and reduce the wear on the joints.
You only get one life .
So funny!!!" : Are you seriously tweeting from the bathtub? RT The moon is soo pretty tonight!"
What are the best areas to live in in Carmel?
RT : To change one’s life; Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions. - William James
Just finished Voting for the #KCA !!!!!! :-)
i don't think it's very polite to walk around my head all night. you've got me tangled like a bread tie twisted and i don't think it's fair
writing. writing. writing.
love love LOVE your 'diary' youtube videos. Very honest and raw. That takes serious balls!!
Thanks for the tix tonight. Sick/Amazing set by E-Hutch. SuperPartyFunTime. cc: xoxoxo
I think I would have if I was able to and they would have let me.
Stranded at SFO for the night. On the bright side, I think I accidently found the only 24 hr Subway in the airport.
Jay's rap in Lost+ gets me hyped every time
Listening to the shins is making me miss Oregon too much.
where ya at guy?
The "real men" meme is garbage overall and usually supports horrible gender concepts. I shut off as soon as I hear it.
great u?
Enthusiasm moves the world. -Arthur Balfour
Looking at Nikon more and more.....
History at the Alehouse was a hit! I'm glad the sold-out crowd enjoyed their trip to my house! Miss the fun? Stay tuned for Bmore Beer Week!
Don't people find it ten times harder trying to be 2 different people?
awww, it's not a bad thing, it's a great thing, it means you're adorable and just a lil dorky, 2 great qualities.
Loving this weather
I meant to ask you...where dis you get the root beer? I hadn't seen the bottles like that before yesterday.
Baking cookies today....love making the Christmas cookies!!
im serious, i looked on ESPN.
Lets talk about ad sallllesssssssssssssssssssssssss.
hey, hey apple, I don't know, the usual.. You know me and my unpredictaeblness..
I know c: I can't see the little picture things -__- IPhones are gay
they play wack music in the tanning salon
Going to walmart to go SHOPPING..!!!!! Fun Fun
Hi Andy! He's 2nd baseman/Orioles, a top base stealer, taught by dad who then wrote a book about it. brianroberts1.com
Drinking a little with my friend via Skype! I love modern technology!!
This week, working in Seattle. Next week, giving a paper at in Tempe. Talk about your polar opposites...
whip you like a slave
amazing #youhadmeatpbr RT : You had us at PBR! Let's slam some soon! Thx for the kind words :) RT : Great track!!
Thank you for the RT! BTW, I'm dying to try your place...I hear nothing but GREAT things about it! :)
you said that you're nothing like the last boy, i just pray that you dont let me down right now.
Have you just challenged us with a supportive teachable moment? , do you have any advice for us?
#20PeopleThatILove Can count as all 20? <U+2665>
havn't people gotten beyond this?
Huntsman: In 1963, a one minute phone call to India was $12/min. Now, $.01
Suck my penis until u get squeamish
Philadelphia region remains one of the world's foremost centers of education and culture#Philadelphia Real Estate
I'm upset
we're on an app called twitter. No ones womb is safe.
#WorseThingInTheWorld trusting somebody and thn having thm let you down:/
Thanks for the RT
Tired of fighting. Just gonna play my game.
excited about the fact that cell space is still open and that un-ironic skate night happens there.
Thanks to all the organizers, funders and hosts, #curatecamp was awesome!
DONT START TERICA , I ALWAYS CALL YO BLACK ASS , I FIGURE U WAS TO BUSY FOR YO DUDE...
BizVertizing, Small Business Advertising made easy and affordable...
Ty for the s/o
Wee currently have dogs in need of temporary foster homes...Do you have an interest in becoming a foster volunteer and helping the Wees?
Ugh, me too. Me. Too.
Thanks for the RT!! It means a lot.
Two weeks ago....I was at #400 #Followers now I'm almost at a #1000 S/o to all of my fllwrs nd my APPs - I kno who unfllw nd I got a graph <U+30C4>
Great week in Indianapolis. Back to Tampa in the AM for Tampa Bay Classic and Symetra Tour in Sarasota.
next weekend doe, i might be leaving to houston this weekend or during the week.
Sounds better than good haha
Don't be gay man u's a boy damen just getting started already feeling famous
So tired. Freezing ass off. Mehhh.
Just met a woman from Thailand, runs a tomato picking business, can't read or write, saved up $60k and just bought her house cash,love it!
goodnight my dear, I would text you, but my phone is too far away :) haha love you :)
Describe modern life in two words? Progress Bars.... or.... Oh vey. :)
. Now, now, son. That's just nasty. Oh, I forgot. You're a fucking troll.
great question...
bought me gummy bears! And they are already gone. Thats all
awesome enjoy
I'm at Having foodgasm. Can now die happy.
Anyone hiring a quipping, fancy-word-using tweeter?
FOLLOW ME ? Pretty Pleasseee ?(:
: Agreed! Not only is incredibly talented, he's also an awesome person!
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
U still at the school ?
Give me a call or DM me when you have a chance. Have ideas on story we discussed.
Looking forward to this weekend!
HALLO GUISE =D
What questions do you want me to ask Mauricio Kuri, child actor of "For Greater Glory"?
Seriously, anybody have a bread guy the can recommend. Needs to be a bad ass baker.
u got me fucked up
Proformence today! hope we do well! bye!
Send me screen shot :(
they have wifi so u should be good. But packers28 steelers 10
UAGHSKDBCD MY EYE IS SWOLLEN
no problem
1 final? No sleep. We goin hard!
#cildc Wireless is working well in the Monroe room. That might be why the sessions are packed!
of course! Always love seeing you girls! :)
#sportingkc looks a lil slow tonight. Hope they come out faster in the 2nd half. Don't like the body language btwn bravo and bunbury.
Salsa Saturday Night with DJ Omega playing a mix of all your favorite Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Reggaeton! Madrigall 1627 Oak KCMO
Tnite ran into Thommy n Molly from n the lovely Eunice, sec time watchn The Odd Couple.
Klout--what are your thoughts? A useful tool to measure social influence, or nothing but hype?
Second day of DOUBLE QUARTER WEEKEND! Come see us. 9/11 Never Forget.
Just got my Travel Reservations for the American Idol Finale... sure do hate getting on airplanes!!!!!!!
Great keynote today at MAM Summit! Inky ROCKS! Feeling united :)
I know, right?
STAR TREK never had anything that messed up:-)
OK, judging from the responses I may actually need to double the salsa batch...or triple...hahaha!
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 22
I seriously avoid my room till I have to go to bed... or take a shower to get ready to go out... so I don't have to look at it. No time!
I've heard that the #cubs are doing well from some digital signage pulling recent twitter. Neet-o.
Sick kiddo in bed. Laundry in dryer. Red in glass.
Strong Housing Demand and Tightening Inventories Spark Nearly 2 Percent Rise in Asking Prices Over Previous Quarter ...
o i c. yesterday i went to big asplash and ig ot a sunburn!! doesnt really hurt though.
When that pony got rabies, and I had to... You know what, I don't want to talk about it. *wipes tear from mask*
glad to do it. We had a blast! Come back any time.
The Wild Hogs Harley seems a little shinier than the Indiana Jones one! Love the pics!
Dear Twitter followers - You seriously rock so hard. Thanks for being awesome. We <3 U so we always follow back :)
I'm far too into myself to listen to what your name is, nevermind remembering it.
All in all, I loved tonights speech from our president. Captured the feeling of americans, just need to get Wash to do som'n bout it
Well, somebody better have a girl ! Before I flip the fuck out ! :P
3 firefighters injured from lumber mill explosion. The details on this morning!
Lost a big pot w J9 of diamonds on 789 board w 2 diamonds vs Dutch Boys's aces. 38k
Got a job as a freelance makeup artist w/ M.A.C. whoop whoop. Now in the process of establishing a regular makeup artistry gig :D
You good brother?
looks like i'll be staying in Indy 'til next week :)
can we be your top Armenian girl tomorrow? ;)
My phones disconnected, yet I can still use the internet..
and I miss reaching into my pack to find no tape, but rather empty trolli packs
Tell friends to follow me.. i will always follow back!.. always! =)
New York!!
Sad, a 42 year old woman can't even wake her own self up.
RT : CHIGGER HILL, in DeKalb County was named in 1918 for the larvae of mites that infested the hill on which it is located.
me too me too me too
i will! all in good time, my precious!
whoa. You think that jmac knows when to shut up? er - do you listen to him mute perhaps? Or only in non- US broadcasts?
Just finished a brutal intermediate accounting test
Plenty!!! I'll come set up your tree for you and LOL
Go download our songs on facebook for free :D
One of my favorite musical moments of the past 10 years is the tom fill before the chorus on 's "Plans". Fantastic.
Can't wait for Wednesday! :D
Good Morning, how are you today?
that was the BEST episode a bit upsetting ,
ITKA road trip to Kentucky was a great success. 10 medals for 6 competitors.
Follow producer on pintrest for picks of
A super busy news day tops another week of great work by great journalists who go above & beyond to serve our community Thx team!
oh , it's nothing
HPH show at revolver TONIGHT 1703 Church street Nashville
thanks for having us on in the office.
Tonight Will Go Downn With ;
win 3-1. Jean-Baptiste, Boyd, & Alhassan get some net! Best supporters on the planet scatter to get dry. Thanks for visiting GH!
it's worse in person... TRUST ME
Are you back in town? How was the weather for the remainder of your trip? I saw foggy on Wednesday near the coast.
ARC welcomes crews from Tabor Academy and the University of Nebraska to Lady Bird Lake this week!
OK these Nuggets have got to go..... Kobe Time... Stomach Virus and all.
blue pills... Ha! Maybe in 20 yrs. ;)
you and Travis continue to be in my prayers
“: For writing what?! Lmaooo RT : STOP. Beyonce is receiving a journalist award?”>>>An essay she wrote for Essence...
I'm in the kitchen cookin' dope in my white robe
great look, Cameron!
mel i miss you :)
Any link between OBL's death and the calling off the honeymoon for the newly married Duke and Duchess of Cambridge?
": Those cute couples that take pictures together >>>>>> -_-" i had this!!<<
": - so wyd twubby ?" < just sitting here thinking about you
Thank you #DMB Warehouse preorder. Tix purchased 15 mins in. Can't wait! Baby is going to be a fan before he\she is born.
love you nevermind not a good thing cause we no longer gonna get marriedd
but still avg 45-50 thousand a game because the stadiums are HUGE
#Eagles signed fourth-round CB Brandon Boykin #Georgia to a four-year contract.
Come to our campaign headquarters this Sunday for a friends and family BBQ! Sun April 15 3-6 pm 4641 Mack Rd 95823. Food & fun 4 everyone!
how do you react when those you work for don't believe in you? It was the environment Ben...and I mean NYRB! trust me I know
You. Are. Stupid. Bro.
Fingers crossed.
you're never gonna blow up if you keep playing these small ass bars and shit. You've been doin it for too long. Do more Chip
thought you'd appreciate the girl power :-)
I've applied for "any job", I am overqualified for anything not having to do with my BA.
Looking forward to catching my first Kweli live set at #Oxfest!
not to be nosey (i do mean to be nosey) you can use your phone if you put it into airplane mode. good day!
Bison burgers, ice cream, amazing salads... Need more?
Too early for that !
So what I may do some Childish shit
hey vinnie the prosecutors still have not proved murder. They proved she is a Liar.
Hm.. ought let in on that one.. she watches Celebrity Apprentice. I'm not sure if the times are synced..
cause its sexy
no he didn't. Not much time. What's that project?
Barry Bealer: "Nothing drives innovation better than a crisis."
We have a pile of electronic trash set for pickup. Few people this morning have asked me "Do these LCD monitors work?" I want to kick them.
Key difference: internal = live the brand, external = show the brand
Dan Eaton analyzes Michael Crowe's request for a finding of innocence, pending law on employment applications & equal pay
Lololol u gotta watch it. Its absolutely hilarious.
My heart is just like your mind, small.
Last stat was tweeted by
is a commitaphobe. Just so everyone knows ;)
lmao its weird cause i live in a place called Yonkers
a4 long as they are playing
One of #Nashville few downsides -
Matthew, I'm wondering the family history of your last name. Not many people w/Narson not part of my family. Todd Narson
Thanks for the encouragement! I'll keep that in mind in the next few months of the semester. =)
wow, Rhett. That is powerful.
Amazing. Now, you get offa Twitter and get to studying! :-)
And speaking of slow, I'm going to stop working to go play D&D for the rest of the day. I'm terrible at this.
Ministry that costs you nothing is worth nothing.
glad im not the only one then! hahaha
Your tweets are pointless. Night, hope everyone has sweet dreams. (:
Oh the irony.
Hey Max, how ya been buddy? Good to see you man. I like the Rivers trade too. Have a good day buddy
I'm black
Rodgers must have gotten that Discount Double Choke
Working the polls - Please vote YES for Forest Hills School Levy!
Starting our new Ladies Night.... Tonight!
If u believe the government has the right 2 take what belongs to you (or someone else), you are advocating a type of slavery.
Cute--I'm in Las Vegas. But who's saving who?
Gotta love thursdays!
Thats not okay.
RT : We're rolling out a new feature: #MemberMonday. Meet some of our awesome members. Today it's - Thanks!!
I keep checking the weather forecast for toronto and michigan, and I keep smiling.
ESPN ruined MondayNightFootball & since I didn't watch for the 1st time in 30 yrs,I guess they ruined CFB Bowl games too
Does this apply to both work and personal, you think?
Ya its not pretty.
and caliente will be ;D
Like, grocery store oldies. Songs I've heard 10,000 times, so my brain shuts off during them.
It's $5.99/lb Food Bar Wednesday; enjoy all your Food Bar Favorites in the deli @ a $2/lb discount all day!!
If u know me u know I love food :) lunch time and a break
You too! We'll talk at the break.
Was it pleasurable? RT : You ever had your eyeball licked..I did
Do you guys have a PVP side of your guild or are you just PVE?
Love this! “: "When you are in love, you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams." -Dr. Seuss”
not sure what's good ?
COME AT ME !! *HITS YOU WITH THE FLEX
Everybody else lame
10 years ago I saw a morbidly obese McDonald's worker spill milk on her arm and then let it drip into the shake machine. I never recovered.
MONSTER MANIA @ LazyE in Guthrie, show starting in a little over an hour! Come see an exciting show and enter for a chance to win a cruise!
Happy Happy Birthday honey! Sending you a virtual hug!
"The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing."
Three words, eight letters, and I'm yours . <U+2764>
lol, you delete it
The FHS Powercats and Alliance teammates, the NDHS Honey Badgers, win the Alliance Competition of the UT Tyler FTC Qualifying Tournament.
Cigarettes are so nasty!! It's such a turn off
I don't go to parties with lame people. #thatsit. And if you know your lame don't fucking invite me, you could save yourself the rejection!
Poor baby :(
Having gotten their own apartments, we have to continue the rent subsidy. And so if we don't, these desperately poor people will be evicted
Thanks for following . I follow back ;b
forever stay open curious fearless transparent & willing to be & love being exactly who you are. ~ unknown
Indeed, Why?
All these lame motherfuckers on my TL with this stale ass beef!
Ya Girl Aint Me!!
Hey Hanutty, can I get a RT? U my fav commercial radio commercial salesman.
23 days left until we are out of school
M.O.G. from Warriors.For.Christ
Jamming to city of drank, that's my jam
annoyed and worried.
Rumor has it over 40,000 tix have been sold for this Saturday's Spring Game (1:30p). Will you be there?
lol... jacob just followed me today!!!... im so happy... :)
I'll be there in spirit!!!! :D RAGE SO MOTHAFAKIN HARD FOR ME!!! :P
Working on film
werd up Richmond!!!
I'm a fan but then again I own a K. Kloss Clippers jersey.
#itAnnoysMeWhen When 14 and below kids think that they have lifes.
great subject, will def check out The Philosopher Kings www.bit.ly/aTMpDo
Yeah I know I live in the hood... ;-)
David, Hugh Hefner's looking for a new "Girl Next Door." He would LOVE Candice . . . ; )
love you too
Awesome script read tonite for "Saltwater' so excited to do this film!
good luck on your performance tomorrow! Have fun, that's the important part, the rest just happens!
testing to see if this message will appear on a test fan page on facebook.
Happy Mothers Day! You deserve to be spoiled not just today but everyday!
: Psychologists have found that the more a radio station plays country music, the higher the suicide rate becomes.
Good Word: ANTINOMIAN – released by grace of faith from the obligation of observing moral law.
Aw I miss seeing your amazing self!
hey love when u can plz try to send me my joe pic <3 and btw it was good seeing you :*
You can also turn Auto-Expurge off in Gmail settings, then select Move the message to the Trash. That should absolutely work.
“: A pretty face can easily be destroyed by an ugly personality.” <U+E253><U+E01A> amen !
Oh, sorry. Well. Have a safe flight to New York. Good morning. Just got up.
"We are not yet where we want to be," said NBC.
"To succeed you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you." Tony Dorsett
#NCIS season finale O.o
My metric: on the same drive, the number of flatbeds/goosenecks carrying large capital equipment is up in the last 3 months.
They call mens socks "no show" & womens "booties"...guys you're wearing booties!..You must know it that's why you don't want it to show! lol
Happy Justin Beiber is secretly a 35 year old lesbian day! You didn't know it was? Well that's because it was just declared. Celebrate.
Principal? "We really don't look to use tech for technology's sake alone. It should always be a tool that gets us deeper."
Rest assured your request is on the way! No, it's NOT Air Supply!
that sounds awesome! I will see you there then!
On that note -- if you are still a homophobe, I suggest you kill yourself.
Jer 29:11 "For I know the plans I have for you, plans to prosper you & not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future," says the Lord.
Thank you so much!
"the best way to learn is to share" - don't you think the best way to learn is actually to listen?
Mysterious toys are appearing in the Fine Arts stacks with notes about stress relief during finals. Staff are baffled & bemused.
I don't always drink urine, but when I do, I drink Dos Equis
Revisiting Zinsser's, On Writing Well. Wish every writer read and reread.
I have been loving 's so much easier to find the interesting stuff I want to read from my seemingly endless Google Reader list.
me and you both greggers
playing black ops makes me want to go to war and kick some ass then again i remember the times i die so fuck that
this is so exciting. i'm going to disneyland!
Good day everyone!!!!!
Just wrote a long letter; about to sit on amp and play "Bizarre Love Triangle." What year is it, again?
My dog has some amazing ujjayi breathing going on tonight.
Ice cream with strawberries sounds really good.
DIAZ will debut Justin Bieber's new song called "Boyfriend" tonight at 7:32. You decide it's fate! 7 calls will say it all....
the pics of children are especially disturbing with their descriptions about boobs.
You'll always find me right there again.
It's still a little big on him. He needs to grow into it!
I noticed that when Joey is in a suit or a tux he has the look of a 1930's Hollywood actor...maybe a past life?
yeah sumthing im trying out
hahah it's ok :)) u can! Oh and lakers are loosing :)
« Blake look like Blake tonight»
Skate with brown butter & capers tonight. It's good to be behind the knife again.
Starting off the Day in a writting session..Later I have to go to rehearsal.Hope to be in San Fran.after in return frm Jamica end of Nov.
follow me ur awesome
Vocals again today. Next one in the queue is "Not Crazy", which is really gonna be a fun one. Whoop whoop!
I almost pooped today when I read your "case" article on LifeHacker, because we solved this problem 38 days ago on Kickstarter!
cant wait till summer.
just cause you the only girl around a whole bunch of niggas,doesnt mean you a hoe smh.
Thanks for the follow and the FB like. Look forward to getting to know you. Cheers!
USFistball would like to thank Gastao Englert for all he's done to help raise the level of play in the USA...THANK YOU!
Great individual Producer phone meeting with Excited for her to bring the funny to the
Oh we almost have 500 followers!!! How freaking exciting. Shoot us some #FollowFridays and well return the favor!
I'm tired of you. Go Away!
Hey, it's his trademark! Do dis the trademark!
Would you have it any other way Josh?? RT : will be celebrating my Bday tonight Hope to see you!
ManU Report: Column: Manchester City ends United’s reign and starts the revolution with a bang – Washington Post
I'm at my uncle's house and the lighting is really shitty :(
Probably will have to wait another year for a player like that.
Thanks for the tweet! Seagrove Pottery stores carry our tree skirts. Cameron Village had a few! Thanks!
Cause I pull up and I'm stuntin' but I ain't a stuntman.
Sometimes I just log on to twitter to see who died.
just wanted to talk
it IS true. It's that lady's journalistic duty and responsibility to report the news & facts on the today show.
Happy Birthday
Wake n Bake
What is a Global Citizen?: via
You will not be allowed into Williamsburg, for any reason, whatsoever. Certain enclaves will allow you with a pram, however
have to score right now! I am a nervous wreck. take advantage of open looks
Going on LIVE with Dr. Orly Taitz of the "Birther Movement" - want to know what that is? www.radiokolamerica.com - call in # 818-691-3243
Need a big dose of NorCal
Delta Air Lines completes installation of Wi-Fi on all Delta Shuttle flights.
Unprecedented day, got to college library before and am still here after he left
My social security number is 1000000000. That's so easy to remember I hope nobody steals it
Hey , thanks for the follow. You provide a great, innovative service. You are one, cool, green endeavor.
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!?!?
that's even crazier than wanting Yuni Betancourt back.
We are really surprised that you're not running between downtown and Key Biscayne for the finals today.
If yo Virgina smell like a dead cat.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
love your voice, come to new york, we will provide you with the best spanish experience
Hahaha GOOD! :D
That's 5K LESS than the hit on Ocho. At least this time there was actually helmet contact.
I miss you! I cant wait to see you on the 10th love : ) Hope you're feeling better! x0x0
hey, just wrapped! The shoot went well, what an experience! Can't wait to show everyone!
Happy birthday to my dad! The manliest man born on Valentine's day.
just for you!
At my call back. Just read a male role. Did awesome. Why so I always seem to connect with the male roles?
actually all bad. Repairman scheduled for tomorrow. Thanks.
well I know one person it would work on...;D
Aug fina be my month. Can't wait
yeah, exactly. but when i asked around, everyone complained about korean brands and said to get an iphone. who knows.
Man watched the new episode of big time rush hilarious
RT : Zombies and cupcakes... Saturday, April 28th... Los Angeles. Mark your calendars!! Details from LA Zombiewalk soon! :D
You need to make it and believe yourself that you are a star. never give up on your dreams. :)
To quote The Beatles, "I Feel Fine"!!
I knew there was something in that spaghetti....lol.
Yep. Pre-meet FTW. Awesome how set up the surprise intro.
*Smiles* Okay.
and now he's chatting up the poor, petrified australian girl with her luggage parked next to her. her face is PRICELESS.
shoutout to Ben Day! Spontaneous hang out in Fells after a busy week.
my uncle is begging me to find a concert in Hershey this summer so he can take me. okay.
aw thanks. You're so sweet(:
I use sarcasm instead of punching you in the face. Don't push it.
drop the code!!!
You should! I'm really happy for you and your family, Lisa :)
You're very welcome. We had a great time and it was our pleasure!
great and u? :)
Having a great time at the 4th of July parade in Highlands Ranch!
Wish I had a huge black mans voice for a week..id die talking to people and hearing myself.
I was comforting to hear too. :)
the royal couple really immersed themselves in American culture while visiting. In fact, when they left, they were $2 trillion in debt.
The wise always know better...
What you ignore determines your success just as much as what you pay attention to.
I can't go without any supision
My Earth Day included, washing my gas guzzling Tahoe, driving 20 miles to the water guzzling Aqarium & trying too make my 5yr pee on a tree!
#wtf Rory Cellan-Jones reports from the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas where TV and internet interactivity is the star of the show.
Vegetarian potluck at work today. Every dish had corn and/or beans. Next year I will make chocolate cake.
Or OMG Rob Pattinson! MT : flight is full of young teens. really tempted to just tell out "HUNGER GAMES" and see what happens.
« No one is perfect and only REAL LOVE heals, accepts, understands, nurtures and brings the best out of you.»
to excited to get out of Pittsburgh
that right there is one *breathtaking* dessert #sohow'sittaste
9 days isnt long enough down here...
. would be proud. Just saw the Muppet Movie. Cocktails next.
((((LADIES)))) Colors in this season, Ladies Levi Strauss Short Shorts and colorful Splash Tanks be the eye catcher this time around
You know it!!!
nope :( work tomorrow in the am.
bubba's a great story..massive 2nd shot!! congrats! #masters ..I also see he owns the original General Lee!
You gonna go to Serenity's birthday party right?
The night of the party lol
"You don't need a second helping."
In the 'Udio about to record Episode 7. Send some Twitter love our way!
google docs
i love it !
And he reads them (: And wears them too
Veev, Acai Spirit Vodka will plant a tree & makes a donation to the Rainforest preservation for every TREEtini served. Check your Amber...
33 More days until most teams Spring practice. It's a step..
Ryan Braun just homered. I'm crediting excitement over his new restaurant with #Packers QB Aaron Rodgers.
sounds exciting, I can't wait for fair season! Hopefully I'll be able to get out and blog about some of them too!
ahaha I really don't have a clue what to write! Like can I just write a song and dedicate it??
I need more followers tell your friends :)
shoot me an email with your contact info plz sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com
The last line before we sing
yea. Happens when you got a life haha I'm kidding.
do you livestream?
It's fascinating watching our competitors repeatedly log into our site to check it out.
"I'm going to be his first & last kiss 'cause honey you were born to be his" can be said as the best poetic line or the worst thing to say
"through all the rain and the pain, you gotta keep your sense of humor"
I am starting to really get excited about biking across America. Starting to plan a charity to raise money for and look for sponsors!!
Anyways I really want this guy named Justin Bieber to ask me lol
Fuck it I'm just say how I feel tomorrow....
Hi Yoni. I enjoyed your piece on NANTA. Do you have a link to when the performances are taking place?
I am SO excited for the new season--Brilliant show concept all around! This is a dream show to act in...workin' on it! : )
Wolves,Kevin Love gives statement after suspension 4 stepping on a players face. "My intentions is to never hurt another player," said Love.
I am more than a little envious right now! How well do you think one of those would travel? ha :)
Article Brand's blog got it's first view. Knew it was you Thanks!
Really happy with outsourcing. They've accomplished in 3 days several projects that I couldn't get done in-house in 3 months.
Yup, NBA refs still terrible, regardless of whether or not it's the postseason.
Well, it was a cool band name. :)
want to take private $ out of our elections? join 2 find an #occupy event near you:
Shouts to everyone pushing the envelope in their fields
Oh my gosh.. We had so much fun haha, can't believe we still hang out sometimes and it's been like 5 years
what series? Is that #NHL? Its the only series I have not watched.
Tom - last 23 GAMES vs unc and not "years?" Gotta be.
Haha I just want the samples
WHO WOULD WANT TO STOP THE DUBSTEP????!?!?!?!?! I confused.
Spurs with the win <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
its my birthday can I please get a shoutout? :)
Heading to Philly tomorrow for #SEM2011. See you there.
What a beautiful day to live in Minnesota, Spring is in the air! That means patio season is soon!
Putting my sore feet into non-flip flops for the first time since my half.
My students' researched/scholarly blogs are incredible!
I will miss your americano's while you're gone.
Time 2 go 2 then 2 Christkindl Market Come say hi! Will be booth Love this time of year!
why in the hell can #DOJ B so swift 2 catch a conspiracy 2 jack-up eBook prices but miss conspiracy 2 issue #SubPrimeLoans?
Got bubbles what bro! Haha swaggn! Toy story! Get on my level.
#giveaway I'm going to giveaway a couple free copies/promo codes of Top video app SeaSky Video Converter. Let me know you want one.
Follow & support our friends who are bringing Startup Weekend to Milwaukee!
Finally done compositing shots. Good thing I was able to listen to music, its the only thing that kept me sane.
your wallpaper is ugly and you will NEVER look like her...u black ...get over it.
We're getting ready for the #OperaConf in Boston!
Things that only feel right told FACE TO FACE
Great Season Packers 0-1, thanks for coming out! Eli Manning owns @ Lambeau in the playoffs.
Players Week starts today and The Event is tomorrow night at Nippers! I hope to see some friendly faces this week!
rad. I'll be at the wed open mic
Listen for the Room 101 promos on Hot 107.9 this week!
Very successful weekend (;
and so it continues...threat of severe morning storms...off to gym for spin...then home for the brick run...
I've started eating Lean Cuisine food
If you try dominating the conversation when you argue, you might as well admit you're wrong.
It feeks like a Michael Scott kind of night! How I miss you and your 'That's what she said' jokes..
Haha on that note. "Mo problems, Mo money." -
planning on competing or just for self?
Do you fart cinnamon???
Maybe?! Theory is a must!! :)
how abt sis then? *evil grin*
And that's a wrap on the convenient store scene. Back on Set for the 2 Park scenes in 4 hours. Damn, it's 4AM.
The next time someone askes me whats up im going to tell them im get a sex change. :)
These next few days are gonna be busy busy busy!
Love those goosebumpy moments! MRT My student writing her #TIBessay helped her make decision about her mother's end-of-life care.
aw haha<3, I run out of interesting things to say all the timexD but thanks I do try hard to tweet things that ppl agree with:)
hurry up! I miss you!
A hearty congratulations and raised glass to you!
Memo to everyone on Twitter...we all know Dick Clark is dead!!
so Austin Mahone followed me on gifboom. does he even have a gifboom? I mean. it has 18000 followers, so...
you should go to their store in queens.
I'm straight edge with leaving out the smoking part. Don't drink, don't smoke, don't have casual sex. That's me
Keep pushing your band man, and I guarantee it will.
Loved Our Idiot Brother. Now I wanna get a dog and name it Patsy Cline.
Dark Shadows, can't wait to see it hope it's good!
"Oh, magic hour, when a #child first knows she can #read printed words!" — A Tree Grows in Brooklyn, 1943
RT : Crain's Chicago Business has a new reporter devoted to #startups. Check it out on 's blog....
austerity will cause the unemployment of government workers, leave the market free and give it time to absorb the work force.
Because Rittenhouse Square doesn't have enough coffee shops Starbucks is going for zoning approval at 18th and Spruce.
I always say the first thing I'm getting is a driver and the second is a chef. #nogroceryshoppingeither LOL
I love it!!
that dream i had was no joke!
Goodmorning #Ballard #Seattle! Please ask us any questions you may have about #Acupuncture & #chineseherbs, Don't be shy :)
Night Owl crew is going to a wedding Sat. and commit that for every retail order placed we'll donate one glass of champaign to our mouths..
thats so fucked up that you would bully someone to the point of them committing suicide. grow up assholes.
Life throws many curveballs. I have swung and missed on this one. Hopefully I get another chance. If you feel this way, stop and take a look
Mindless Behavior was good but we all know that the omg girls won that!(on 106 &park)
I once saw a guy littering out of a Prius.
These <f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+009A> customers better be in good spirits since its mamas day
twitter this, twitter that
This is the Chris Paul show Lol
deadlines are my life!! thankfully i love my life...
Naw yo head just extra big !
That's a pretty cool idea!!.. Maybe for a contest or something.. ;)
Terrific tweeters to have in your twitter stream:
Heyy dahling! Lost your # & email when my phone crashed! Will be in L.A. for allstar weekend. im miss u!
whats the best way to punish your girlfriend?
Brewers beat the Cubs. :)
heckuva pay-per-view idea and I'll go with Sarah!
YOU'RE FOULED..PENALTY BOX $20 buckets of Miller Lite & Amstel Light.$4 shots!!.B4 & After the game..LOOK FOR BLUE LIGHT!
Who's the guy next to u in ur Twitter pic?
2of2: does someone see and or take the Words i typed in the Search and possibly sell it as an idea to a company or group of investors? 31212
Apps get acquired (if they're lucky). Platforms transform industries and lifestyles.
The Gooey Archipelago
Good win lakers
home finna go w/ D
sad that i missed my #weightwatchers meeting this morning. anyone in the #dc area know of a meeting later this week w/a fun leader?
Saw your tweet to So sorry to hear about your support experience. Our folks here on twitter can assist you!
Just watched "Civic duty", it was pretty good.
lame :-\ I'm sure does not condone awful nights
Positive thinking, I have 3days!!
Happy Birthday Eric Clapton.
Daw awesome! I'm so glad :] Thank you
Exactly! Chop chop, Joshua!
Tough tonight as we face our growing pains and we will grow our sound system for next week. Thanks for being cool all. You guys ROCK!
Lauro on illegitimate reanimation of corpses by giving them purpose ("tool use"): martyr, relic, organ donor, "worm food."
dude where have you been? I feel like we haven't talked cigars in months!
There are more smart phones in the market than PC's
Nobody has been on their shit!!!
“: Without Passion There is No Pursuit #ChurchSunday”
Come out to our show tomorrow night at The Grape Room in Manayunk! 10pm, $7.
Getting ready to leave work soon...headed to poker tonight...need a little better luck than i have had at the table...Have fun, right?
You ready for Sunrise? Xx
Dandies Marshmallows
Don't take shit on G+! And don't be deterred, I often read what you do on G+.
Thx 4 the follow. Played against you a whole lot on stars in the past.
Anyone presented a Photo ID where you were unsure if it was authentic or not? What if the ID Card was issued out of state or country?
Yo check out out she will by Lil wheezy feat drizzydrake
thanks buddy, we are at the echoing green competition now
Jealous! People in my crew got barfy with 3D so we couldn't see 3D.
It is a pleasure , excited for tomorrow it's going to awesome .. you did a great job!
Hey guys I want to give you all a couple free songs of mine! "Wing Night" and "I'm a Man"! Hilarious rap music! Just message me :) Retweet!
Specialty Box Office: Will Ferrell's Spanish-Language 'Casa de Mi Padre' Pleases With $2.2 Mil
Wanna see it again ;)
watching best ink w/ the beautiful
women's half marathon here we come!!!
So, my goal is to say "by" to everyone in Mwk, & tonight is turn of the Miller Park... the perfect place to socialize in the City!!
The first police car was used in 1899 in England
Why trey cnt cum here n pick d winner
This is killing me .. #whattodo ...
#EDU11 Constituent group leaders meeting. Think about CG meetings just before start of regional conference.
Must not be averse to soap. RT : Anybody have a really ridiculous looking trophy we can use for the next #followfriday?
I care lol.
RT <U+FFFD> how was your night with Mr. Atlas (Shrug) hehehe.
Tune into right now to catch me in the mix...Droppin a lotta fresh new edits and bootlegs for this one!
else plans on seeing it this weekend?
There is great force hidden in a gentle command. -George Herbert
if we had been at a real restaurant I would have sent her tequila shots.
glad to see im so highly thought of
Stern pushing for an increase to #NBA draft eligibility age. I support! Let these kids develop a little more. Good for college ball too.
awesome black talon, thank you so sick!
I love my followers<3
Look who got a new shirt ;-) MRT Headed to to pick up my WARM shirt to wear during telethon on !
Beer and wings, now time to do some work.
Thanks for the link. I am adding it to my favorites right now /cc
I love the Just the way you are cover. I cant stop listening to it. Definitly my new favorite song.
anybody still a met fan out there??
Word nerd factoid: This type of repetition in speech: “government of the people, by the people, for the people …” is called Epistrophe.
so since its #MaraMonday and i stated my most inspirational moment.. does that mean you'll tweet me? :)
Sunburn itches
missing ben and tara already. vegas is 2 bulbs less bright.
The #gallery will be open from 9 am-5pm Wednesday- Saturday. Come by and check out some conceptual art!
Do you cook with Olive Oil? Did you know that it becomes toxic at high heat? Switch to Coconut Oil or Grapeseed Oil as healthy alternatives.
Arby's always hits the spot
Yeah that city won't know how to act.
Well its best I kno
uhmmmm.... follow your dreams..yeah
these ppl have seen you a thousand times. Who are you trying to impress??
Watch out tweeps is now on the scene!
shid, well hopefully I'll be back down there by the end of this week...
thanks guys! now where's that measuring tape! and who's gonna hold down this 2 yo for me?!?!
No bitch, you're not a badass
Packers traded up for a CB, got a big run stuffer from michigan state. Good if not great 2nd day.
Taking my senior heads this summer
thanks for letting me know! It's hard to keep track of DMs because sometimes I don't get alerts for them. :P
yeah i volunteered my pops
that looks fantastic (based on the video)!
Ugh! Twitters being stupid again! >.<
What was I thinking is my life story
Basketball is great and all, but football is still the best.
In english class and slowly dying Dx stupid project
Excited to hear former professors and on #OPrint panel. But will 1 hour be enough??
People that talk too much<<<<
RT : Read our list of the top seven unorthodox #Easter events this weekend. Eat your heart out, Easter bunny....
last month <3
me too x
You missed a good one.
Havent checked my followers in awhile..
Shut the fuck up bitch!
Even my own dirty thoughts seem tame anymore.
your welcome and so is Roseanne. Does she get informed of who gives donations?
#aaa2010 wow it takes a special kind of academic to speak extemporaneously and sound coherent.
I am attending the CALPASC Home Improvement Council Holiday Party tonite!!
Gosh Darn This Song Makes Me Wanna Watch Dirty Dancing A Thousand Times
because I'll show you what love is really all about!!!!
cuz Robert pissed me off and he hurt my feelings hes just so disrespectful to me....
@ getting ready to watch glee cant wait was having withdraws over xmas vacation when it wasnt on luv u dot
Where's a best friend when you need one
(shhhhh it was me)
Paul is a sexy dude!
"I choose to trust the process." "Confio en el proceso."
TONIGHT - UV Friday & NIGHT LIGHTS with Special Guest DJ's Sinseven, Curtis Dirt, Xavier & Morningstar along with Lotus Resident DJ XES
Not going to lie. This weather is like Vegas and Stockton mixed. Hot and wet!
Great performances tonight !
um I went yesterday AND today. Where were you?!
Good luck to Warren HS (11-1) who plays undefeated Harlingen tomorrow in Corpus Christi in the 5A Division I playoffs at 2 p.m. Go Warriors!
catch me live in ACTION TONIT !!! CLUB INSTYLE 18+ !!!!! ALONGSIDE GOIN TO B A CRAZY NIGHT LADIESS !!!!!!
Took your advice and still helping
Just saw #MidnightInParis. It was ...alright.
Ha! But seriously...How many turds? 30 for the duplicate signatures? 28,000 for those multiplied? 130k+ for the whole shebang?
Drugs is a true mental killer. It erodes everything....
When youre driving and a nun pulls up next too you
Just read the manual for `less` to find out how to scroll horizontally. Turns out you use the arrow keys...
|#quotes A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
I need coffee...
lol at least its more thn k
Drafting Trent Richardson tonight will infuse the Browns with the dynamic playmaker this offense badly needs. Go offense w/ 4, 22, and 37
#AdamOnIdol is Glow-In-The-Dark!
"If a man smiles all the time, he’s probably selling something that doesn’t work." George Carlin
There you go, I'll probably have comedians following me now. I used #realestate on a pic tweet and now I have agents following me.
depends on who's home? Nah, I'd stick with the #Beavs no matter, been a fan too long
Fly to Miami, back to home !
Anytime! Thank you guys ad well! | RT Thx to for the referral today. Another happy customer
Art 4 Hunger's Sake 2 is happening 4/22-Earth Day, at Hofstra. Day of performance and display art to raise $ for The INN.Watch for details
is one bad dude!
Hahahaha! Are you trying to tell me something?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Oh yes, they totally did. LOL
We are presenting tomorrow in front of the Allocations Committee for the Town of #PalmBeach #UnitedWay. Wish us #luck!
I duhno … More my speed: At the Fluff Festival: Blue Curaçao, Rum, & others w/ Srawberry Fluff dollop. “Coney Island Mens’ Room”
I will attend *every* UX & IA related conference if I win the lottery. Or if I win tickets to them all.
I have been! Haven't seen her, yet... RT Yes. Go to the window and start waving.
Fuckery. I wanna be done today
Accept yourself so you can expect more from yourself. - Gretchen Rubin
Awesome day advocating for the arts in Maryland! Thankful that the governor has recommended level funding for the arts
Ditto! RT : On Gratitude Tuesday, I am thankful for my family. What about you?
Lord, all I want is you, but I will accept all that comes with you
not a shock at all lmao never been a laker fan
I don't always listen to house music...but when I do it's always Adrian Lux.
~ What keeps us alive, what allows us to endure? I think it is the hope of loving, or being loved. ~
Why is Boehner working on rallying more votes in the House when the Senate said they'll table the bill
I #LOVE my silblings...i got some great advice for dating and weeding out the aint shit negros
Redwings are 14-22 & last in div., your are 6-0, 1st place & have not allowed a goal all season. Support them Friday!
I had to look it up too. Still not sure...I just know it's supposed to be very...provocative I guess you would say.
is there any way I can send an email to your company?We would like to speak with someone about high quality video production
Thanks to both of you for giving me a great platform to write this on!
Almost back to the office after a month vacationing in China with my family. What has happened this last month?
Got a gig DJing a Volvo/hot rod party. Was told to play whatever I felt fits that scene. So lots of Swedish black metal right?
Thank you-- love your shop!!
done deal!
weird... lol you arent on my follower list. Damn twitter app be acting a damned fool lol
ALMOST. But isn't happen
Doors are open. Join us for Red Clay Soul tonight and every first Friday of the month. It's going to be a long night!
Hahha this dude fooled me!-----
NO YOU JUST RUINED IT FOR ME!!!
It's a beautiful day! God is good!
CANNABIS LIVE IN CONCERT @ Rockstar Richard's Studio tonight @ 8pm. 213 W35th/7th Ave. NY NY Email for tickets .
Going to take a shower while listening to
im so excited to be home for the summer and start fresh next year.
Truck fixed.
cool see you there
OMG!!! My best friend is coming down next weekend!!! I can't even begin to describe how happy I am!!!
Tonight's pint night is starting at 6! Followed by trivia at 7!!
If I find in myself desires which nothing in this world can satisfy, the only logical explanation is that I was made for another world
Working with iMovie '09 in a lab environment. Video use has grown by approx. 25% (both by faculty and students).
"All men commend patience, although few are willing to practice it." - Thomas a Kempis
Autumn book 3 breaking to continue today! So excited to be back in the land of Autumn!! #let'sgo!
Holiday shopping brings the crazies out in masses.
Does anyone know what the term "Raclette" means?
My headache will not go away!
If I was judging #KurtsAudition on #Glee right now, my verdict would be: "Too much auto-tune."
First Half begins.
When I see people laughing in advertisements, I always wonder if they're really happy
Thanks for the RTs
I definitely need to lay off the coffee, sugar and carbs. My heartburn is back with a vengeance.
Tell your breasts to stop staring at my eyes
"it's $250 but I can do it for 200 for you." "Last time I paid 150." "I talked to the manager, we can do it for 140."
Thanks for your support all season!
I get that :) My point is that seems pretty speculative, since it's not like somebody else did it (see Picasa).
Oklahoma State looks pathetic with this play calling. Run twice to the goal line, and then you pass it? 19 yard field goal? Gimme a break
Pause: he was out! Fuck you ump!
50% of all relationships fail.. It's a fact. Hope men get the message sooner than later :)
thanks for the follow and garcia - hope all is well for you
Failure doesn't mean you didn't meet your goals, it means you quit.
Ordered enough room service for 3 people...enjoying every minute of it.
That chick you can back pack with in "EUROPE", Then while on the plane ride back, turn to her and say "Hawaii Next"?
I have 2 cookies and a half sandwich thanks to Now I need my CMS to remember that for me.
The sharks are circling... And as I write this they strike!
I've NEVER been a Howard Stern fan but I'm enjoying him on Americas got talent. Weird.
love shoulda brought you home
Happy birthday!
Fuck ya unless I'm with ya.
no but that was the first time I made myself get up and go out that week. I had been in a funk bout
why cant austin do a meet and greet in the UK?:(
Wrong. did, and you supported it.
Open for business... We shred on site & off site. your driveway or company parking lot call now (832)545-3949
Come visit www.Maps4kids.com
Pretty much maximum satisfaction.
thank you :)<3
haha man if that was for real id probably shoot myself
dude, that hat is epic ! gj<3
Hey follow me dude you are so funny please follow me when you get the chance.
Damn! Damn! Damn!!! Thanks for nothing Steelers! Champs my ass!!!
it wasnt the money...
Everything always happens for a reason, don't worry I'm still here
Take twice as long to eat half as much. Anonymous
Ms.Linda
Who dig dugs our new song? :)
What a gorgeous day to stand over a boiling kettle of wort. Really takes the nip away!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
This is the hardest thing ive ever had to do :(
First class on-camera Training Center was awesome! Can't wait to rid myself of Ray Charles head bobs. Close-ups are really something..
Is it on the table?
lol so u mad
Great photography isn't expensive, it's priceless!
Fuck all they ass !!!!
Wow that dance on SYTYCD- was amazing!
Beautiful girls, are all girls if you just show some Respect.. !
lol um ok?
was that pic sponsored by bud light? Show us the grill later so we can check on those Superbad BBQ skills.
Thanks for the RT ! Hope your day is going great!
My 3 y/o has a digital camera and knows how to use my iPad, iPhone and touch-screen desktop PC. Future geniuses!
Go Giants!
"Way Back (the Conflict)"
Job Creationist - n. someone who believes only the rich can create jobs and only when they're certain that nothing will change, ever
lmao!! so a bunch of instant soups! i got u! hahaha
My Baby's Nearly 18, and I will be there for him through all of it. I just hope remembers his fans...<U+2665>
You can get a t-shirt too!
As a former Shelton's Fireworks employee (in 2 states; they're great!)... I admit #ThunderOverLouisville makes me smile (on TV & on mute).
It isn't too late to catch happy hour Be sure to check out the Crab Bruschetta Roll yummy!
good night
shiit, sorry for all of those tweets...lmao, i replied like 15 comments...i didn't realize they all sent to twitter, awwk.
What an awesome feeling it was when Osama Bin Laden was killed.
Lol i'm not mad, guys. Seriously.
Your feature is up ! Check it out!
thanks man. we gotta link again
Her Bipolar Ass Is Really Confusing The Hell Outa Me... -____-
ROCKING THE MIC & GETTING STUPID!!! This Wed! Apr11th! w/ & Say #BrownRiceComedy & UR in FREE!!
We are all called to love one another, even when we dont want too. . .
Free admission: San Francisco Fire Department Museum usually open Th-Sun from 1-4PM. Call 415-563-4630
Everyday is worth going <3 RT : hahaha nice! i wonder if thur is worth going..
see everyone at La Jolla!!
So, Quora is worth 400 Million Bucks. That makes sense.
Too bad...it would have been fun bantering IRL!
Can't stop Rock Steady--Have a Great Time in Orlando! Praise the Lord!
Wait, did you move to a new apartment?
« I miss ;c he needs to live with me during summer <U+2665>3333» agh yes!. i NEED to leave el paso!. .
IM DA NEXT BIG COMEDIAN/ACTOR TO BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST STARS TO HIT HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!
What happened with Rihanna!? Someone tell me!
Happy Easter everybody! :-)
The perfect solution for ensuring the safety of a loved during their travels.Domestic & International. Professional Chaperone services
Hey Rob Hope all is well in Sunny South Florida
Wow, almost all of the fans are wearing their Orange & Black colors. They handed them out at the door, retard.
I agree, I wouldn't want a cure for myself. More a fan of a good support system for Aspies to help strengths/minimize difficulty
Just slept 18 hours. Now my internal clock is gonna be all out of wack
Molly Stack with a Yellow, you got stacked?
Made it to Pgh -thinking a 's sardine and cheese is in order for the celebration. Updates to follow and the presentation will rock
ok I'll let him know he has some major work to do tomorrow! He says thank you for the treats by the way! :)
Under. I say they'll give a quick one straight off and then there will be 30 min until the next!
Hey Tamar! Where u at (in my voice)
believe me dont believe in al da hype putt into your head!!
it was Candice!
you're much appreciated all the way from California.
Recent followers, welcome and thanks for following me.
You're welcome! I aim to please RT : Could spend the entire day clicking on links from latest THANKS Ian!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
well my mom wants to go now so she knos dat i will do smth over the summer!
they found a 300 yr old gravestone behind dosa guys stand whilst excavating washington sq park 2day....sweet.
um ya.. He's needs to ASAP
Oh thanks bro..I am in august again in US! We must hang again..;)
If your company can't operate w/o you, you haven't created a business: you've created a job for yourself.
Just book my flight for Boston. Mini vacation in April.
So fun to see you yesterday, Chelsea!
Next year pshh living it up ohdee !! California is calling my name :D
Several meetings the next few days. Oklahoma City today and tomorrow and Dallas Thursday. Going to be an awesome week!!
Figueroa and 31st in the fat burger plaza grand opening May 1st
that's not my name
ur a slut. ok
same here :)
<U+200E>"Don't find fault, find a remedy." — Henry Ford
Hey tweople. How is everyone??? Been a minute.
hello leaves! we have missed you. i must say you are looking lovelier than evah. so happy to see your vibrant green color.
lol south center right now
Let's just do this.
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Real Food Daily - Vegetarian / Vegan (live updates)
This needs to end soon.
Seriously did I break my toe when I was a kid or what?
Miss the screening of our short film "Cut '83!"? Catch it on 9/24 at the Oriental Theater (Denver)! Part of Fried Nothing Comedy LIVE!
Thought you were better than middle school twitter jokes..RT if you agree RT “: RT this if you hate people that RT everything.”
To the world u may be just one person, but to one person u may be the world!
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. Robert F. Kennedy
Well put - RT : What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life. Emil Brunner
Music make this girl calm down
yeah id say the projects I work on fall about 50/50 into both those categories. Which is why I'm still debating.
Thanks my man. You know I'm hoping for that linebacker! Be blessed, and I'll e-mail the pics. Enjoy Cincy!
At least I won't have to ante up that cash prize...
As MJ would say: I love U more!
Let me see :) one moment
I hope you get better! xoxox Btw you can follow me(:
"If ease of use were the only requirement, we would all be riding tricycles" -Doug Englebart, inventor of the mouse
Headed out of work to Chair Arlington's Emergency Preparedness Advisory Commission tonight.
When working for yourself, you either need to go Big or go work a 9-5. I'm going Big. What about you? Don't dabble, do it!
Got my Carmel cake happy tweet.
RT : Wanted By MANY . Taken By NONE . Looking At SOME . Waiting On ONE .
OK I can die in peace now :>
“A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself-and especially to feel, or not feel"
What type of music?
Good luck everyone on their oral exams today! <U+52A0><U+6CB9>!
FYI: yankie doodle is a song that the british sung to make fun of us during the revolutionary war...
Any time homie!
Some days you're the Louisville Slugger, sometimes you're the Sox.
Arm your army! Make sure you have a mechanism to keep your employees ahead of the flow
best trumpet songs ever are feels so good by chuck mangione and your still a young man by tower of power
pub crawl starts now
Announcement: We are now contracted by the national Miss United States pageant to provide production management & contestant recruitment!!
Drake is my guy. But he ain't fuckin with Common. Common is a rappers' rapper. Drake is today's rapper
actually might have to move out of country if forced to vote for republican.
Trapped at SNA for 5 hours with no one from around to help. Remembering why this is the worst airline around. Thanks.
Just had a mini panic attack. Homesick and missing #keshiaass too much
fins playing well. hope they win it!
I saw the retweets from Christoper and was disappointed. I guess Ocean does stick his chess out in Fairfax.
I transform into a fiercely competitive contestant on one of those terrible dance TV shows, front & centre!
You know what? Lunch fail. I made two different things and they both sucked. And Gmail is down.
You need to grow up
lovin the beach (:
I guess it's pretty bad if the mom indirect tweets you.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Did you know that Queen Elizabeth I¡¯s discolored teeth made the first recorded association between sugar and tooth decay?
Admit it... you all thought about calling in sick today.
yeah, what's the big deal about their wedding?
RT THAT "CHOPSDABEATZ/BRICKDAWSON" SELF MOTIVATED PROJECT SOUNDING CRAZY!!
I am doing fine =) And you?
My life is over
i love flowers
Happy holidays! We hope you are having a great holiday season full of laughter, good spirits and joy.
Excellent post; great advice!
Somebody stole a piece of DC power cable for the 5-Fulton at 12th Ave. Buses are turning around at 8th Ave.
Damn what happen to your phone you, lost my number or something???
This should be interesting. Up and ready for my first run in a long time. 2.1 miles.
Experimentation is more important than 'big strategy'.
My muse says, thanks. :)
Looking for art/poetry/prose/essays/plays/comics for issue 2. Head to twowithwater.com for guidelines/ email
Right! I do my thing!
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 29
LAWYERS ARE MOSTLY IN IT TO TAKE AS MUCH MONEY AS THEY CAN FROM PEOPLE. ESPECIALLY THOSE INVOLVED IN CUSTODY SUITS. DOMESTIC LAWYERS
Speaking in the 3rd person, Donald Trump announced today he'll be debating himself.
Wow, what an amazing year! We are wrapping up and now I need to start christmas shopping, only a couple days left.
New Member Luncheon today at #Mitchell'sFishMarket. We enjoy honoring you with lunch and sharing more about SEW IFMA.
I'm trying to be classy...
nytnyt and sweet dreams buddy rowan~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear buddy <3
Great man for job
Last day of spring break...
Meetup with ocfice of research tomorrow. first major data services outreach in the new job.
i dont like living with guilt , but i dont know what to do about the situation im in.
Especially if they ate wearing tank tops...
-- I'm liking what I see at tapcongress.us ... and I hear the app will be out soon!
For that JAMS portfolio you're putting together...or will start putting together, eventually...
Snowing into my eyes.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning of a new life :)
You only have to do a very few things right in your life so long as you don't do too many things wrong. -Warren Buffett
haha that's cool. I imagine the place was packed!
No but I'm not giving up hope...
The cross is shocking, arresting, out of step, out of time - and yet for all time. - John Fischer "On A Hill Far Away"
Attended a beautiful celebration of life for a friend. A full house of love. An honor to hear how he impacted so many lives.
Fantastic service from! Exceptional prices on ink cartridges, Great service & Super fast delivery...Highly Recommended!
You're freakn awesome dude RT : does it matter??? U say it. everybody else can kick bricks! Be you ur awesome!
well it's a good thing OKC got the W. lol
It's ok, I can deal with the Black Album, sorta. Just don't tell me you like Poison.
Lost all respect for you!!! You took your personal drama with and retaliated against a 13 year old...
I hope you win that date with Austin :)
Nothing creepier than watching an old lady nibble on a piece of cheese.
we don't have anything booked there right now. We'd love to come back down though!!
Minnesota's own Jordis Unga is on #thevoice right now singing A Little Bit Stronger by Sara Evans.
What is everyones plan for New Years? Big Party or stay at home and relax?
Ok... Some of u dnt kno this but I'm fucking atheist!! Dnt confront me about it cause I just might curse u out... Have a nice day :)
you don't think it's infotaining?
A Stone Cold Stunna, victim Steve Austin
That sounds great nice to see you at whole foods this evening. i will figure out where we met before, one of these days. :)
#theawkwardmoment when you've been at your eye doctor's house because of a friend of a friend but he has no idea!
awesome - cant wait to see it ;)
Did that Big Boy ad just say, "Enjoy other meatless classics like our fish sandwich...." ?!
Good for Philip #Humber of the Chicago White Sox - just pitched MLB's 21st perfect game! That's not an easy feat by any means!
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets this week:
Wonder if GM Mike Rizzo has a great dog too?
well im glad ya broke it iv missed ya hun :3
it was only a joke :DD
Yay! Maybe she can use it to tweet every once in a while. *stares at *
took care of that first, it's working it's way through.
not hate to loyd but there has to be someone else that is tthe top. *thinking
First tattoo of the new year!!!!
Thunderclap just activated Clapper. #chicagopocalypse. (Unplugging the toaster)
Likewise. It was a great night.
RT : Keith Sweat concert....GOOD LORD ALMIGHTY!
move the ball to the side of the line
are you to miama yet
There go the lights! Can only mean Jimmy is here! #boxing -ms
indeed! Thanks you! <3
I thought you follow back??
Visit engineering.pitt.edu to learn more about the Swanson School of Engineering and for the latest news updates!
how bout a taco?
whats best is opening two tabs of YouTube and on type on rain the on the other one type in calm song #Amazing!
I really hope we go muddin this weekend. <3
you know!!! But it's the thing u told keli first that convo u know
HEY! Are u an owner of a #Nightclub #Bar #Pub #Tavern #FunPlace #Restaurant #StripClub #ComedyClub etc contact us to join us
We probably are =) Come back and see us!
Giving thanks over a feast! With a special shout out to the new neighbors who brought us a homemade pie!
Welcome to the sickness, Ladies! Hello Twitter. Goodbye attention span.
We can't back down! There's to much at stake! It's to serious! Don't walk!
Asking alexandria is so damn good!
Hello, If you was looking for professional photography done for your artist i would love to be of service.
My parents say its "their" house but when it's time to clean it magically becomes my house too..
salsa has veggies! Very good.
Post office smells like Mother's Day flowers.
I'm bouta take my ass to bed. Wish I could call her & tell her I love her & go to sleep with a smile on my face. But I gotta tough it out..
The bengals still ended up drafting Mohamed Sanu. Hell of a turnaround.
change your pw so you can stop spamming
Neil Patrick Harris....he's so great.
i love how we've been counting down since... Last year.
Ever promote something in the wrong genre and it fall on deaf ears/eyes, but by chance it got peeked in the right genre and it blew up!?!
Bakken Evening Out--Tuesday evening from 5 p.m.-8 p.m. at The Bakken Museum. Music, food, wine & an electrifying good time for grown-ups!
We totally fleeced the Rangers in this Michael Gonzalez deal. I hear this Player To Be Named Later was/is a stellar prospect/veteran.
Good night!
hey mi people
I want ALL of you or NONE of you.
good night i am going to bed is 4:am in morning
Absinthe is the best show in Vegas.
Kim Kardashian and Britney Spears were seen talking at a Grammys party..
Unloaded my first seat of I-Metrix today. Life is good.
All Day! If Ur Stayin Up In The ROC For A While U Might Need One!!
find me one to show me how his hose works!
UNFAIR. also congrats, nick!
Ordered a beer with lunch to celebrate spring, freedom, home office, and New Glarus brewing.
That's what's up!! U Are Beautiful Tho!!
Too many Dr appts today ):
Don't let your mind stop you fROm making a decision that your heart wants you to take (if your feeling it go for it)
thanks for listening
WHEN YOU STOP CARING WHAT OTHERS THINK OF YOU THATS THEY DAY THEY STOP THINKING FOR YOU
I wanna be at the lake right now
Our junk car removal service is very courteous, fast and friendly. We value our customers and work to earn their continued business....
#newpickupline. You look like my new boyfriend *wink wink* lmaooo
thank you, I've heard the crowd gets loud!
right on food democracy thanks for following me
Let Go and let God
Last night I played the #Amex and tonight at their second bash they have #Jay-Z. Which is kind of like opening for J in a round about way.
Its as hot as a sauna in my room!!
Lovely do u want to come TigerLounge tomorrow?
I hate busy places
Today was funn.<3 spent time with my girls helena tristin dixon and cali(:
omg that has happned to me... i was like wtf!
Smx unexpected things are unwelcomingly wanted.
woo-hoo let's show 'em how #Mahler is done!
get over here
I mizz you more!!! *cough cough* come to Boston *cough cough* livi is!
Someone please defined the word customer service for me.
all respect dude
About to take my car in for e-check. Pray it passes just one last time at least haha
If tired were a planet I'D BE LIVING ON IT. #RIGHTGUYS?
#Retweet The next 100 followers will get an autograph by me! So please suggest followers and I promise you, an autograph will be heading ...
One of my faves is eating lunch across from me! Love
what's going on my man
but the target in Harlem is way better, completely different company it seems
It's a pleasure. Thanks!
RT : FujiFilm announced that a "substantial" price increase for all of its film will go into effect starting in May....
“: RT : "Working long hours isn't a badge of honor, it's a badge of foolishness" #PhillyETE” - guilty :0
Why, yes it is a great day for hockey. Tomorrow a good day for golf?
Made our school seem like a joke on the news today
Waiting for the supermoon to rise over the trees.... Another hour or two.
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. Bill Gates
always welcome
SkillsTrade, offering to teach people your skills in exchange for them teaching you. Does not have to be one to one.
I assumed you were deceased.
it is not easy to publish a book, you need jobe's patience and to willingly deprecate your work in front over 15 people.
I'm planning to do something like that with ours. Have to run it by the Web Team 'n at...
I hate my current pills, now they seem really boring.
RT : , are you smiling? Your girl is stepping up! McHale takes down Kuznetsova & Wozniacki in space of 7 days.
What's everyone doing for Easter this weekend?
.........I feel more awkward than dumb. But either way... ahaha.
Louisville puttin it all together at the right time?
I couldn't figure out how to Google "I (heart) radio app" but after I typed "I" Google autofilled " heart radio"
ask parents to pay for it. If they wont ill buy since u taxi me lol
There is karaoke in this cab. :)
Who writes a novel about education involving Bacchus, the god of wine? I'm working on my explaination.
It is funny, I was in a b/w phase and now I am into creating colorful images.
Celtics are lucky tonight they makin everything n heat gettin roll outs
We are hosting a private party this evening, but we'll open our doors at 9pm for your Monday night drinking pleasure.
former #UHfb player Vaughn Meatoga was released by #Redskins the other day, he was claimed today by the
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back! (Shoutout)
April 28, 2012 Livingston Taylor performs at the Van Wert Performing Arts Center in Van Wert, Ohio. Showtime is at 7:30pm.
Had a pretty crazy double feature tonight, The Receptionist and Rise of the Numberless. I liked...one of them a lot.
RT : I'm Scott Kingsbury from Broken Arrow, OK and my presence matters! #catalyst // yep! Let's make the most of it bro!
#smartcity see you there. Finally meet.
I really like them BOTH... Dear God...
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
I keep getting distracted by TWITTER... Ah<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8><U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2755>
Hi there.. Thanks for the #Follow ! Be sure to #FollowMe too .. Thank you very much!
are you guys sure Manning wasn't persuaded to come to Denver for BBQ sauce?
I know they could open at like noon or something..ugh
yes, I will come through
Lady Raiders are back in the Tourney! The Wreckin' begins at 3pm CT.
Well come on over, I'll buy you lunch! It's only 3 hours right?
what up jack ? Long time no see . Yo poker tournament tonight Jackson and lafayete $200 buy inn 8o'clock .
I'll yell "Janet loves you!" really loudly I think.
#MenofSteel -Truth, Justice, the American Way and a whole lot more! Show opens on Oct. 13.
I'm doing well, too. I still want to come visit. Maybe next week?
Man big d and o love fight classic....
but o well my party/tattoo party bout to be on the 100000 ji happy out of skool forreal friday ayye 2011!!!!
Coffee buzz with
My mom & dad were supposed to be home hours ago...
.. ran or ceased to run by the whim of the Guard with green and red flags. The star was the engine driver, I would often walk ...
Watching Virginia Commonwealth vs. Wichita State with Viggle Thu | 4:30PM | TNT Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Reward!!! To anyone who can spot a republican applauding during #Obama speech.
Testing used in our "slavery based system of education" makes more kids feel stupid than any other organization in the world. We are proud?
nope next is fine
If my sprite dirty aint shit but lean & crushed barz bro. "No liquor. Just painkillers & prometha, call me young Eccerds"ha
Heart felt!!!
So if i tell u i want u to have 2 of my babies thats considered offensive???
Sang at GAAP weekend this morning at 9:30 and now getting ready to sing at #RelayForLife. Come watch! /te
About to cross out something on the bucket list. All I'm sayin is markusons class
Monday is at Uncle Lou's and May 4th is at Bombshell's, both in Orlando
yay! Good to hear!
I'm looking for a one day ultra ticket if you're selling message me
metro got iPhones? Jk but u got sprint?
where at? you didnt even say whats up smh.
We just want to say Thank you to everyone who is supporting us by following us!!
If Michelle thinks were blessed to have him! It tells me for sure she knows nothing about God!
Tested Switchvox with shipment tracking database so that caller can enter order ID and zip code and switchvox will say tracking information!
Who want to match one with me
SO Dooling playing with a lot of energy on the defensive end right now….
I have so much work to do this weekend. As much as I love the end of the semester, I hate the end of the semester.
Help us welcome Greg -- he has some great items including an amazing CRIBBAGE table set -- an enhanced strategy game -- check him out here.
Any other book recommendations? What are you reading now?
Distance is nothing if you truly love someone .
thanks for playing this lifeless and soulless baseball especially when I came to see this series from Denver. We stink.
You know your iN a bad mood when neither #MartinaMcbride nor #BellandEdward can lift your spirits.
As good of a leader as you are on the court, YOU WILL KNOW!
lolol shut up ;) haha it's gonna be an interesting night thts for sure..
Ready for the game and some Nawlins fare from Joe's O.K. Bayou for Fat Tuesday!
I feel ashy ewwwwww
Are there any REAL #GuyMahomies out there!? I'm so sick of seeing guys pose as guy mahomies just to get girls and followers it's
RT I couldnt agree more! : The verses of the new Justin Bieber track sound like a Ying Yang Twins rip off to me. #wait (F)
- gonna need some tight tweet coverage for tonight's game...its a big one, and we don't get the TV coverage here...GO NOLES!!
Phil and another Representative from Phil's Friends attended the Feed My Starving Children Gala tonight. It's great to see God's work!
reviewing my book cover design options, advance purchase email will be sent on 6/1/09 Looking forward to the support of my work.
where have I been that I did not know Alice in Chains released a new album? I thought they had broken up!
i see Jameson has a TX brand ambassador..wonder if has one? seeing possible career options here
anything for you my dear!!
Didnt quite make it through our oakland restaurant achievement, but we're finishing up the year at the O anyway! :)
House of Blues has good chow. Head north to Kenosha WI GREAT Italian family owned restaurants everywhere!
I guess it's not a good idea to drive with the parking break on...Ohh my life
Sun's out and it's the final weekend of Summerfest! Who's joining us on the patio for some Guinness prior to heading down to the fest??
i'm bout to LOL
Study all day short.
Calipari gonna keep it together? Or is Slick Rick gonna dodge the KY bullet and sneak into the finals?
he was hurt up in Brewer country.
I have a huge crush on P. Allen Smith.
About to upgrade my iPhone to iOS 5.0. It better not delete my contacts!
Only two more payments and my car is paid for in full! Thank you Jesus!
This is fucking crazy! Why would you make us watch The Lion kKing first thing in the morning.
will you be coming back to Philly?! i saw you in Oct of 2010 and you guys made me cry ;)
“: yo, intense night! Good game!!” so much fun dude!!!
Yo gurl mouth I stretch out..elastic cuz my dick big jurassic!
omg sophia grace and rosie from are the most cutest girls ever!
The Indianapolis Colts made it official and picked Andrew Luck (Stanford) at 1 overall. RG3 should follow suit at 2.
WORDS TO THE WISE : - PAT FORD*
thank you for the follow. We are happy to be apart of the movement. Keep it up!
going off!!!
i lived off christopher! we used to do walking trip to Stonewall... my principal gave me lots of leash! lol
Today is National Chocolate Milkshake Day, but we prefer to celebrate with a glass of icy SPORTea. Just as tasty and a LOT less calories :)
#3WordsForYou I love you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
wait...Dakota?! Ur go to generic child name is Dakota??
Trying to feel better
Sometimes, after I listen to my voicemail, I worry about society.
1933, Born on this day, Tiny Tim, famous for ‘Tiptoe Through The Tulips’. He died of a heart attack in 1996 while on stage playing his hit.
this lopez guy im researching was a THUG
I am working on getting more photography up on my site. Is anyone using Pinterest to showcase their work?
call or myself ASAP! Wanna talk to u about the show on Thursday!
Like short sleeves i bear arms
#theawkwardmomentwhen you feel stupid you didn't realize the guy singing was
“: *twerks as i study about some nucleic acids*” yaaaasssss
It seems appropriate that I'd rebrand my Twitter feed during Mad Men. Since '07 I've been but you can call me
that's why ur gonna make it big!
I love it when you call me big papa
Reply w/ picture of u in Colts gear you'd wear to #ColtDocsVIP party Thurs 1st 25 entered into hatpick. 2 followers+guest win!
good for you good luck with everything
Not at all! I LOVE my engagement ring, hands down my most favorite piece of jewelry. :)
that's interesting....what a talking piece for high school reunions.
is so huge.
Wearing a long jersey skirt to work, and all I'm thinking is "I'm wearing pajamas!" Exactly what my exhausted self needs today :)
Scary phone call, but truth is that the school is following emergency protocol, which is the right thing. So far, every 1's ok.
I love people who will make a cake just to make a cake.
just got home from walmart with had so much fun!!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 64F FAIR
Worked my last day at today! I will miss working with you
No big deal guys. We can all hang out at Up and Under Pub tonight!
:>( Announcement #2 Euridice et Spiritus is having difficulties in dropping her Music as previously hoped. Please bear with me!
$2Billion Lost is Nothing!!!!
no prob homie... We all started somewhere
Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my Buttercream Body Wash. Good luck!
everytime i fucking eat my stomach hurts a lil later #wtf is this
Today is national ride your bike to work day - how are you getting to work?
I appreciate your support this past year
I love my friend. You know who you are :)
My hatred for Carl Pavano knows no boundaries. Let him have it!
new video updates on my channel soon
Create your brand on Twitter; use your profile to add info to share your info and lets other know you are a credible resource
Thanks for the #SO love.
YES!!! Looking fwd to listening! Any chance you cook w/ spent grain? I hope so!
As this new day unfolds, it just keeps on getting better and better. It is my 3 year anniversary witrh my fabulous wife. She is the best.
Slim shady:) <3
I'd be interested Jo. Thanks for sharing :)
Its way too difficult to get tweets off you :(
In "Good Books" starting in April. #Children's Book Reviews! Quick Recommend: "Stevie" - John Steptoe, author/illustrator.
OK, time to go run
down but not out just yet...
Audience is naming trends we've seen: ppl used to multi simultaneous inputs; immediate info
Saw Shogun and now watching at #UMFBA on #UMFTV -- sweet!
Those nights where you don't know what to do >
please follow me?(: 1
InSpotter mobile app for African-Americans reduces the element of surprise at nightclubs
How Many Roads Must A Man Walk Down Before He Admits Hes lost?
lol too funny
what the hell was he thinking, everyone knows what kind of driver you are
are u going to the graduation?
looking for morgage lenders and reminding myself I am a REAL ADULT who can do this, not some punk-ass kid hoping to fool people.
Submissions for the 2011 San Jose Short Film Festival will open this MARCH, mark your calendars!!!
Hm.. sounds like the doubleclick ad exchange is going to launch tomorrow...
skip and Stephen A at it as usual
Yup; it happened! March 29, 1:06 a.m. i came out screaming & fighting, kicked the doctor in the face & jumped on my mom, she misunderstood
LMAO! CHILL RT I give up then
hi i have seen your hairstyle and love them i mean who doesnt i been wanting to get my hair done by you
This jack and coke is exactly what I need to bring me down from my caffiene high.
The Pixies - Where Is My Mind
oh sad! They probably open late. If you're not there at 1AM tonight then YES :D
With budget cuts schools are facing & the added accountability we are going to be like a farmer who has more sheep but fewer sheepdogs.
Flavor of the week- Easter Egg!
hahaha RT : My first memory was 9 months before I was born. I went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom
Influence is everywhere.. question is what and who influences you?
Getting ready to ____ is a stalling tactic! Don't stall #do !!!
Thank u i couldnt agree with u more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : aww she's so beautiful!
Santana with a single will drive in Choo putting the Indians on the board in the sixth. 4-1 Sox
AND THAT. IS ROADHOUSE.
Anyone figure out how to get any portion of iCloud to work? apple
yeah, I wouldn't make it in.
100% organic facial buffing grains www.ambersearth.com
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
i wish i could shake out and clean the second floor of my apartment like a purse.
Look forward to seeing you at tomorrow nights event with and
Just like alcohol, we will always have tests. Employers don't want high employees. We don't want high truck drivers, etc.
Hi, I know Sonny. I really enjoyed our interview from some yrs ago.
Computer science <<<<<<< Lunch.
Bag lady, you gone hurt yo back...
Hey Lady! We must do brunch soon! :)
now I'm waiting for him to tweet mr
freshman 15 are here on Long Island I've been hanging with them all night! They just played a little bit ago
NOT NOW IM JUST GRINDIN ON LINE INBOX ME UR NUMBER MY PHONE DIDNT SHOW THE NUMBER
yeah freaking crazy.. :l
and some on good night for OK music. Circle Of Birds and Crocodile too!
Never leave a jigsaw puzzle in a breakroom utilized by librarians.
Great new website from with lots of useful content and listings of events. Check it out!
I changed my mind about kids. Not all of them are awful brats.
welcome back gorgeous!
But only if ur a queer and like pop punk
I'd rather you be castrated while I watch than have to create a family budget plan.
I haven't stalked you lately. Wait, should I have admitted that?! HaHa how are you love?!
Remember, sharing is caring ... sharing can change the world
#weloveburgers too! we're happy to be a part of the Udel/Newark community!
you and me both bro. I think my avocado tree just died, here in AZ.
I'm working Saturday, definitely stop by!
tend to stay with their husband or wife even if they hate them just because they are afraid of divorce.
Happy Birthday Nathan!! <3
Happy hour 1 of 2 starts now! $2 edamames. $5 Asian Nachos. And plenty of drink specials to wash it all down.
Friday flashback jam: The Farm - "Groovy Train"
Real Talk, I'd Rather Sit, Then Snitch Dawg, Cause Quick Jaws, Get A Nigga Smoked, Like Menthols.
Awesome game Thought my son Kyle who turned 3 yesterday was done getting gifts but u delivered a perfect ending to his day.
Not gonna lie, I'm more interested in what has to say about the Saints than the hype about #tebow joining the
I would think my alarm is a plane going off and keep pressing snooze -_-
Thanks, Jim.
Headed in for this OT money
“: Breaks over n cuzn gone #drawlin ” I'll be back
The US Global Change Research Program is on Twitter! Follow us for updates & news on federal #climatechange #science activities.
I love it!!! RT Whenever we see your handle, we also think of the phrase, "I Kid Because I love you." There's your motto.....
“: I can't poop in public bathrooms. #firstworldpain”
Watch out next week 4 a new fun #Tarot competition on the www.tarotspeakeasy.com blog - dare you discover if u r a Tarot Saint or Sinner?
IT'S BEEN THREE HOURS AND MY MOUTH IS STILL NUMB. WHAT IN HELL DID THAT DENTIST GIVE ME.
And I keep my car with me like a pimmppp!
You're my favorite dj AND u love the cowboys? Whats next, u also love soccer, traveling and ur a foodie?
My spanx are very "reductive." Look it up.
We hope you are enjoying your time in Indianapolis - Super Bowl Fans
Woo Hoo Nate the GREAT!
Brilliant. And platforms like Twitter/Facebook help you leverage the value of your worth.
I'll take your word for it!
Planet Terror!
There should be a word for the amazingness of the temp outside being the same as inside
Hey #EdCampNYC Have a fantastic event tomorrow ~ Saturday, October 1st!
Have a great trip! Seattle is awesome! I miss WA so much. :'(
what a sweet baby!! Damn u for making me love that furry pussy!!
boring strength day
#10BasicFactsAboutMe I'm a sucker for women with dimples and curly hair!
I Motivate myself to change my own life, I dont wait for someone else!
i like that shirt
please note & RT Don’t forget to tune in to at 7:50pm ET for #Boyfriend premiere! #AskBieber w/
I've decided I'm not a fan of " American Values" - we are vicious to those who don't agree with us & seemingly hate anyone who needs help.
On our way! RT #IMWSicily See u in Marsala!
I hate expressionless robots. -.-
All I need is Mary Mary I ain't fucking with no other drug.
RT : “The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.” Ralph Nader
Love my black hair, but loving the thought of it part black, part bleach blonde.
wish I had kept this as a printed out hard copy...*RIP* And hopefully the PO will not suffer same :(
I want to tell you about a hoops project I think you would be interested in. Thank you!
Nice...in my neck of the woods...like that place as well!
you almost have 66k followers! :)
||~.!_ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
The Hollywood story on kardashians
welcome back! :]
RT : Just remember, every day is a gift from God. Well except for Monday...Satan slips that one in. He's a sneaky bastard.
This whole needing 8 hrs of sleep is hard to do when you have homework then practice in the AM.
gots a lot of sh*t to do today!
Hey Thomas! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Nothing better than going to my grandmas to take a lil nap .. Seems like sleep is so much better here :) <3 grandma comfort zone !
Here's a good reminder, taking a nap when you barely got any sleep will guarantee not hearing an alarm.
Thanks for all the great tweets at last night's #TandD!
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also creating a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Thanks for note, and for the lamp too! Wish I'd bought the other two I saw! I'll be back on my next trip!
thanks Joe! xo
Might go to Whitehaven graduation because Martavious asked me to.
so clutch! Esp money in ur pocket!
Thank you for all the RTs. (Sorry for flooding your feed). Let us know if you yourself have any questions.
Mike Adams welcome to the rangers bullpen
Thanks to for the loan of an excellent playa bike!
okey I ' am real Jasmine Villgaes , and this is my second profile
Bring Back Ringer 18
I can't sleep and I'm so excited and he doesn't need to get in atlanta till tomorrow night
Hey Max who runs a room in Naples? My buddy Matt from Denver is asking.
Shocking elimination!
Thats tight! Where was that at?!
Ahh Kevin Hart stand-up is hilarious
I'm close to 30 stars and I looked to see how close saw "Oops, Rewards program error! User does not qualify for rewards." Why?
RT : #beautytip Metallic eyeliners are a big trend for AW11.For a natural take on the look start subtle with bronze &...
How bad is it that I'm addicted to Felicity on Netflix.... From 1998....
Next Year UConn...Go Mets?
Not as easily as you'd think! Waiting on Google for a response to my Analytics feedback questions, and will write about that too
you keep tweeting from my account.
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
LOL I guess so. 90210 is one of those shows that really isn't good, but that I watch anyway.
Everyone go follow my buddy He likes penis but he is cool.
Gotta love Country Music! <U+E326>
Im about to be knocked out..
I heard at these rave things chicks get naked
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
same here and now she is huge Packer fan
You should go! LA Coliseum :)
#mdcsymposium Thanks for great discussion. I love a workshop where someone gets to mention Frank Zappa!
Check out our latest blog about recording your family stories.
What library has the best scenic views?
need promotions we can get you to the next level.. follow us and we will follow you back
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful Sunday...
Yeah, Did you ask about the movies
Just met the guys from at smith common. Great guys and amazing beer. Their ipa is amazing.
none you should come to England!<3
iOS app success is a &quot;lottery&quot;: 60% (or more) of developers don't break even - Ars Technica
Confidence + intelligence + hard work = success!
It won't just be reading. Some web browsing, etc.
Opera 12 Beta Now Available With 64-bit Support for Windows and ...
my backround is so cute <3
Multiples I *never* mind. It's the missing emails that do me in :)
OH WAIT HE'S GONNA BUNT ISNT HE
Willie Briscoe with Hope Leadership Foundation joins us this morning with some famous athletes. 8:20am on KUSI
Spent the morning thinking today is Wednesday. Now feel like I've gone back in time a day.
Nice #GrandCentralBakery product placement on . Supernatural tales, keeping Portland weird.
I knew it!
HOW did that lady make out? Thought of her all day!
Sounds tasty; I'll have to go check out the competition.
Gotta headache out dis world sore shin an my hands smell like basketball im tired af
hahahahhahaha you should lol :P "blond inner side" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> hahahaha
Hi Jeff. Can't wait to see the August edition of Destinations. When is it coming out? Can I buy a hard copy at a book store?
Thanks for the retweets! Your China panel on the 24th looks stellar. Be sure to send us a link to the recap!
sorry i got bored and thought of that
Getting really excited about the extended worship night with at I need it! Come at 6 and pray with us!
Big big game tomorrow! Fairview at Giles
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us.
thanks so much, Lyndsay - for the warm welcome back and for your general radiance! :)
did you like his comments after game 2? Lol
Novocain is wearing off and the toothache is setting in. it's a weird feeling.
Congrats can't wait To See it
Washing my Clothes For The Weekend :)))
2 chains K O
H.o.d bitch
Creshawna is funny doe , I really finally sat and talked to her
I haven't worn socks or underwear in three days....and I'm LOVIN EVERY MINUTE OF IT! Hippie-hood, here I come
Dam been gassy as fuck all day lol
Roc zodiac sign is a Leo it is true
let me know if you do! if you do will you be going to derby??
Heated seats! New car! Spring nights that are chilly give me this new tiny thrill.
What a beautiful morning to be a blessing to someone.....
22 days and I will have an iPhone<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
It's funny how; the person you'd take a bullet for tends to always be the one behind the gun!-#Boom! <|3
Uh, 8 fire trucks outside my house but no visible fire.
Cool..How are you?
Skeeter big as a penny on the HIWI site. (May not sound that big, but put a penny on your arm and imagine it's a mosquito.)
RT If you have to be there everyday, you don't own a business, you own a job #NAPFA2012 via
I might be biased, but I have the best husband in the world.
I could eat skyline everyday of my life.
I've been Italian for 2 Years!! Me? I drink a whole case? Me? I drink about 44 yrs ago brotha!
Love ending my work week with #ColePorter and #CaroleKing!
Fade to Black...
Power nap.
Assembling a team for the future:O.W.S., Anonymous, the 99%(the true Democrats), the 'democraticians' in Congress and Heavenwatch!
very tense - demo'ing at
JOB: Smith focused on functionality She also used the Google Suite tools.
To find out the real story behind the "Save the $1bill" advertisements at Metro Center, we're going to have to follow the money.
Facebook introduced the new Timeline for Facebook Pages - we're using it! Have a peek at the new layout - any suggestions guys?
I have my braces now!(: aqua and purple(:
They'd be ugly ha “: r there any golf shirts out there that let the sun through the material
Anyway, that's the word at breakfast B4 scrimmage today & home opener Mon. The seasonal round at our house always has sports in it.
Pittsburgh. Abe Parmelee has the night off, he's not in the lineup tonight. I'm #confused as he is their best player.
S/O to who got the Cutest hair cut!!!
yeah, I got my $5/hr workstudy, but no taxes out. I think I put it on my moral character app, which I may or may not have a copy of
VIA donates all of our kitchen grease to Cream City Grecycling, which is turning it into bio fuel for the #Milwaukee County fleet.
damn.. forgot how horrible the apple headphones are
Why is it that a few crazy fanatics act as the voice for the (ideally) saner whole?
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
Glad you enjoyed the food. :) Yeah I just got done eating spaghetti and meatballs. Delicious!
Thanks for the RT!
Indeed, c'est la vie =( Sorry about pointing out the obvious earlier, keep up the good work and the not so good calender =P
oh god...with that song...already know I'm gonna cry....for some reason it does it to me every time!
Can vouch for (almost) truth of this.
thanks for following champ!
It bothers me that Cons. complain about taxes but want the U.S. 2 take a lead role in Libya etc. You can't have it both ways
can u follow me
Watching The Maury show. All I can say is, stupid people.
Love the fact that SD has , , , EHL, and the SD Bus Drivers rep in Sac for #transportationchoices CA Summit
He is our super glue
those do happen. Just not very often in American soccer.
I think the #Spurs are defining what it means to be able to "turn it on" when they need too.
Thanks for spreading the word man. Can't wait to shoot with you this weekend.
This just in: and I will watch #hungergames in 10 min
You can try starting with 250mg for a few weeks then bump up to 500mg to see if you feel even more effects.
Long Monday Is Almost Over :)
I like ur no-nonsense approach, so i must call u out when u recc sugar substitute on a anti-fake food segment
KRISTEN YOU'RE ADORABLE
too bad that you want tobe someone else, you don't see yr own face, yr own beauty.Yet, no face is more beautiful than yours.
RT Sometimes black ppl make us all look bad.......say it again.
Nice to finally meet you! Can't wait to help you snag the crown!
Finish this sentence: The coolest new camera from Nikon is the ________.
Time to explore Boston!
I need to figure out my ankle tan strategy before June.
my phone is glued to my hand! Hahha tell Vito aka the man thanks again for the beverage!
Rolanda you know you need to share those seeds. Lol.
Does anyone know where to buy Lip Chap at?!?! god damn it I want some.
A4: Product pages should highlight return policies and consumer guarantees.
nyc weather is so bipolar at this time -,-
you done made yourself guilty lmaoo
I hope this hoe anit on no trash
RT : Happy Kidney-versary 1 yr ago today was a beautiful day that saved a life. Thanks...
LOL, and then there's the alarms...of course the cops had the "fun" of dealing with those
hey im a little drunk on you and high on summertime
S/o to all the moguls b4 me respect well deserved, appreciate u all,Now I got next
follow me
57 degrees in the house. I think it's time to get the furnace going. OTOH, the wine I bought last night (and left out) is perfectly chilled!
Have any good response rate data on QR codes printed on catalogs or direct mail? I'm interested to see if they actually drive engagement.
I've never felt so #tired before
i use my phone to talk too my by ~ & but hes not talking to me right now soo i shall not use it .
I wish I could ignore my insecurities.
replacement driver's license ordered, hahah hate going through bullshit like last night. LET ME DRINK & DESTROY MYSELF OR I WILL DESTROY YOU
I think if we got anyone from Rangers their bat would just die anyway
You looked so hott last night. I can't understand how anyone ever made fun of you when you were younger.
Well, that just may be it for any sort of NBA season this year.. Thoughts?
I pray that God will bring my soulmate to me or bring me to my soulmate everyday.
How so? Tried for days--can't get in. There's no empty G+ profile for me, which leads me to believe not invited.
big credit goes to She did an awesome job!
Have fun Justin, bring it to S. America.
LOL! No mention of Big Sascha. He's fine & "errrything" but that's too dangerous and she's too smart! ;-)
Yeah I am going to try to do same.....:)
It's pretty much GMs flagship I would hope they would show it off
Oh great let the mind trash begin...RT : jersey shore is back tomorrow already? i feel like the last season just ended.
that. is. awesome! :) how are you??
hmm. Oh well, i guess
The end of "Old Man River" gives me chills every time.
There ya go, Preds!
as long as its like kinda early I can!!
gettin ready to root from
9th: by Tom Hulihan, Steve Black, Tim Gu - app: how much you walk or bike relative to how much you drive
Con't - something that will teach our kids the will to dare and dream. Like we did so many decades ago. We need that again... Sigma out
you aren't tired !!
sorry..but i follow now
Confused about healthcare reform? Give us your questions. We have answers! 619-222-0119
Love it! RT #AnimalPrint + #Neon Nail Polish - You CAN nail this look with Zoya #NailPolish! See how here: (cont…
For the record, a good summer smells exactly like a ripe August tomato fresh picked from a friend's garden.
We believe more democracy is the answer and specific ideas can be generated by greater participation in the democratic process
I wish marriage was like a trading card or coupon so I could give mine to a deserving gay couple...
They're definitely the worst America has to offer! haha
Hahahahaha. U laughed at us?! U thought THAT was funny? Got nothin better to do?! #ursostupid they must be jello;)
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
“: Before I die I want to get a matching tattoo with my best friend.” :)
If Kasas wins, I'll have 3 of teh Final Four in my bracket! Go Jayhawks!!
And a lotta blue steel. :)
yo I need you to pose for a picture for me
Don't get mad when you make mistakes, it's a chance to learn and grow.
POP QUIZ, HOTSHOT! What elements is the Twittersphere made up of?
2nd time I've seen you. Never a disappointment! In tears when talking about how men can focus on 1 thing to make a girl look good
happy belated birthday
thank you pimpin
how was your day?
i know the feeling! Hang in there + trust, something will make sense soon
weltch's white grape peach juice completes my life
listen to "Everything Works If You Let It" and then tell me you don't love Cheap Trick. .. You'll love Cheap Trick!
Seeing Cascabel today at with ! The theatre I love, where I took classes as a kid, and one of my favorite chefs!
After work drinks? Dont mind if I do :)
no expectation til AUG 1st...seen this story before...just enjoying good baseball right now.
Hey school-based ! Do you consider yourself to be one of the "teachers?" Interested in your thoughts.
Brian:"yeah, I posted it on that space page" referring to facebook. He's a crazy man #lovehim <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
banquet outfit strapless dress (bieber purple) silver pump heels n all diamond bracelet (: curly hair
#401k Great presentation on Social Media for Financial and Investment Market. ASPPA Summit
Animal Planet displaying hashtags during an entire show. #FindingBigfoot Maybe Sasquatch will post to #Twitter and tell us where they are.
hear hear. So many issues are shown as black vs white
yay for gulf swimming!
I seem to have pressed the What The Hell Just Happened key on my keyboard.
Just filled out a home depo online job app =)
realization is a wonderful thing, but figuring out how to make change is hard.
It could be tough or even impossible to perform #WindshieldRepair the beginning of next week. Rain & repair not a good combination.
Back to live action here at Eagle Field with Navarro leading San Jacinto 4-1 in the bottom of the 5th
whats going on today
At the concert tonight at Verizon Amphitheater.
yo was gud? been a min...
Wow its raining!!
I think I'm confused? It's not hard for that to happen.
Quark or InDesign? We will explain in detail soon...
Questions at the Senate hearings on the new gTLD program are almost exclusively going to ICANN. Pritz is very much on the defensive.
Awesome, man. RT : My mother, a veteran, is now volunteering to help other veterans in need. Super proud.
what's the URL for the live stream?
All great stories have a fat bitch involved in it.
#Dancing4thecure Linda's Story has been added! Making Groove Against Breast Cancer!
Live > Studio
": Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil...and he will flee from you. That's how you win the war.
hahah I had to touch your lil curls today :)
GL: now political refusal 2 invest; Corps sit on $ now. Predict permanent austerity b/c income equlty so stark
Research paper due.... Havent even started. Must I say more?
#lis483 Also good to remind teens that if they want a book we don't have, they can ask & we will buy/order more copies, maybe?
In a world of pure imagination...
dud yoi don't even know! I was insane. I'll have to get it all written down so people can read it
it's some contest my teacher put me in. Call Poetry slam. Its like rap poems. And I have no ideas haha
Text Bice to 90210 to receive freebies, specials, promotions and exclusive event information.
Why Coleman University is still teaching JSP and servlets, I have no idea!?
Vampire bats on a stick? Fruit bat cobbler? Anyone?
Good morning I just stood in dog shit.
Be brave, have courage, and walk against the grain.
I think I'll update my #Linkedin profile today and catch up with some new colleagues.
Better be a WR! RT : The third round of the draft is underway!
We don't collect custom data, this would need to take place on your site before subscription signup.
You know it has gotten bad when you should be grading but instead watch three YouTube videos in a row on how to peel artichokes.
Woo that's a big three.
haha yeah... mine STILL say that lol
just opened my mail and got my card=)
and I look cute today~
I was your happy place
we can start to change that on our side, so that access doesn't mean pitching plays, just conversation, I think its more open
That was a good 20 min
Exactly, stinks that it collides with exam season. Hope to see u this summer big dog.
#MajorSalute to for including as featured artist.
Even the honorable Supreme Court has lost its favorability. I favor a few of those judges stepping down.
hope you all are having a great weekend! time to relax tomorrow, and back at it again Monday. Take care for now, and we will be posting a
btw thanks for the biz!
Thanks for following, and following you! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Not able to make the #SmashingPumpkins show tonight? I've got you covered.
Stumping around with at Don't even know if I feel like playing tonight.
Happy easter! Hope your having a good onee!(:
Well, I am only five jiggers in at this point, so the night is young.
Pay any price to stay in the presence of extraordinary people. - Mike Murdock
Goodmorning Rochester! Everyone have a FUN day! 2 days until TGIF!
watching ABDC , since i didnt watch it on wednesday .
So i pretty much just paid $120 for half my hair to fall out and to stay pretty much the same color, cool
Thanks homeboy
Freedom Mens Bfast was dope this am! Incredible theological reflections on humanity, city, and God's plan/purpose in the world
you already know :) were always there !!!
That is corrected. Enjoy your weekend
Buy!!! RT: To buy or not to buy those Jeffrey Campbell shoes
thanks dear xoxoxo
Looking to save gas?! Check out www.BeatThePump.globalgascard.com and never pay for gas again!
PE class at its finest
I live, I love, I laugh, I cry. Im not perfect. No one is, not you or I.
If I go to NIU, I bet it's nothing there for me lbs.
Change in plan--3 HOT and NEW organizing products to help you every day will now air Friday morning on NBC4 Today!
i cant wait to just drink a bottle of kinky with
Don’t worry about the hassle of skating rinks, zoos, or amusement parks. Chick-fil-A has you covered for your child’s next birthday.
New database alert: eMarketer now available through the Great for reports on online marketing, social media, & more. AWESOME!
the money i get..make a nigga rich, and make them bitch niggas sick, and make a hoe get on my dick.
let me get some then
hahaha. why is twitter trying to be a peace activist.
its a girl
I want that. I got to drink cider brewed with maple syrup tonight, but that isn't nearly the same thing...
Wait. I get a pass, right?
#ihateitwhenimdrivingand and someone passes me
Is it a Mazda? I think we had a recall on a Mazda for a tire pressure issue.
I will wear my pants up in honor
Wishing all a blessed holiday no matter how or when you may be celebrating. Remember that LOVE is the biggest gift of all!!
you are awsome, just thought I'd say that okay bye :)
we are def gonna get along lol when I drink I dont play lol
My thoughts and prayers are with your son.
I'm so cold now! Haha.
If you ain't got a dream, you ain't got nothin
I laugh when people fall down
Sad, true, hilarious RT : Vincent Jackson leaves SD. "The San Diego Chargers: We Make Them Stars, You Make Them Champions"
Apple.com - so sad
I'm about whatever, just keep me out of your drama.
Young Adult is a trite snooze feet. Best thing about it is Patton Oswalt.
That one moment when you go in youre room to get something and you foget so you walk back down stairs and then you remeber.
Appreciate the
hey sorry for multiple mass tweet. Twitter land knws all my business! Will be more like 8. Just ordered
Ok how the fuk you a nigga callin ya self a red bone wtf?
Wow, they've both been coming here for over fifty years. I should probably stop eavesdropping but I can't! Fitting thesis distraction.
Evacuate never!!
Would be thrilled to have you follow me back and see how things are rolling on my end! Much love, #DenieceWilliams !!!
Arctic marine mammals and fish populations on the rise Arctic marine mammals and fish populations are on the rise, according to a report
Will MJ have it in him to fire his guys (GM and President)? “: Bobcats fire Paul Silas.Cause,um, you know, it's all his fault
agreed. I think the best questions I've asked in interviews are v simple like: And then what happened? Notes are 4 reaction.
You mean so much more to me than you think!!:/.
T.G.I.F.! Friday, Friday, gotta get down at #Fridays! We're getting the party started with $4 #highballs, $4 Corona and MORE!
Why does the tiny baggy make us assume the pills are drugs??
oh man, what song? (;
#EllenRTme day 171 "Ambition: The world makes way for those who know where they are going," wise poster on wall!
Hearing great things about the market week preview. So happy to have everyone taking a peek at my new collection.
Great Beauty Tips: 1) Always Refer to Your Mirror!!
Its true that old habits are hard to break, but youll never be more than my most tempting mistake.
Bell needs to ring !
hi guys <3
thanks bro appreciate it
Who's excited for summer?
Really, really over the NYT stories about how a woman is "more than just a wife." Women can do things? You don't say.
RT NYC Friends: know anyone who'd be interested in working for a landscape & architecture firm as an executive assist?
Cleveland wishes You a Speedy Recovery!
Don't grind you teeth, but Thanks for the retweet! #wiunion is the winner!
Looool gay ass
I love electric guitars.
That's right, girl!
TNT sucks!
wow, nice ikon. this is old photo? new?
about to clean my room
Anything looks like ass and turtles to 16 year olds.
Wow...fog looks really pretty at night in Los Angeles...glad I'm awake to see it...\
says: San Diego should partner with the San Diego Housing Commission to help seniors with affordable housing
i use a corner of my liv rm as an office. In process of rearranging to fit small studio there. *fingers crossed!*
I'm feeling some sick TTMs this summer
Haters is what keeps us going! even though they try there hardest to bring you down.
Steve Jobs: "People who know what they’re talking about don’t need PowerPoint" bit.ly/ueG4CM RT
I was on your left to start today Would love to chat poker biz opp w/ u Msg or email if interested. GL!
Enjoying my weekend working on a rig in San Ardo for Chevron, haven't been home in a week and I'm headed offshore Tuesday.
“: Why not be great today?” all day everyday my G
Heat defense >>>
Sleepover At Grandmas This Weekend(:
Marc Jacobs should stick to Men's clothing.
‘We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself" RT if you agree
thats so awesome
Its fucced up when ur better half dont want u to succeed n dis music shit-mayb it time for her to get her fuccin mind rite
Glad I found your page!
damn I hate the one I have... Do u think I can copy your notes from last class. I was sick
It's hotter than 400 hells outside
I might be in London next summer...not far to see you TJ
Bitch please..
How does one of the best college quarterbacks of all time not even get drafted!? At least give the kid a chance! #somesignKellenMoore #
Great last throw. Wow!
The #Xavier&Cincinnati fight just shows how fundamentals are not coached for some teams, this looks terrible for the game. #2BadUcan'tFineEm
We will try and RT and pass along info from individuals as much as possible, but #CCinKC should help.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Crest Dental Pics and most oral care products.
All this talk about my Chiefs & 49ers excite me. Lets me know we're doing something right...
.watch and ,doing im what stop me make always commercials the .campaign #gotomeeting the love i
I <3 Will Ferrell. "Forget Twitter, I'm on the CB." Reminds me of hanging out in Westminster, MD back when BBSs were cool :)
send it bro
Sober Saturday morning
I Want a Whopper!!
it was so spicy my lips are swollen! That's what happens when u don't give me an option between regular &hot. What is regular..mild or med?
Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
Most wonderful time of the year is the two week season of dove hunting.
Like many parks and city-county offices, we will be closed on Tues, May 8th for elections!
time for another tattoo
HAPPY BIRTHDAYY to my adorable !have a good one love!
thanks bae be
“: I want to live in a place that has secret passage ways.” OMG.. ME TOO!!!
thanks! lets win this game #yanks!
I can't do it. I have to stop in the middle fo the sidewalk so I can focus on my typing. Other pedestrians love it.
That song is probably the answer to most people's emotional baggage, right?
an app called pic stitch
OMG #SomethinBoutATruck I love that << song!!!!!!:)
my girlfriend had an honors convocation thing there. SO pretty.
What are plans after #Confab12 workshops? Do we need a tweet-up? cc:
& 's tweets are hilarious!
RT : the sky has turned grey and cloudy, doesn't a half pint of Delirium Nocturnum and a comfy wingback sound relaxing? {yep!]
Yay! Ugh I'm so behind lol. Gonna be interesting to watch! Haha I'm sure not too boring.
In LITERALLY 10 days, our Facebook page has over 1,000 fans!! Every single one of you is amazing
ya totally! Are we friends on Facebook? If not... Why not?! Ha
Thank you for reairing your apology - you have shown what class is unlike others that will remain nameless!
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.
Oh this fight between and is getting juicy! <WeMissAustin!>
That moment when dubstep comes on and you think something is wrong with your speaker!
Holiday Gift Packs are in!!! 3 bottles of wine & a wine opener for only $99! Great idea for business gifts or anyone you want to impress!!
that's what I'm talkin bout my dude...get it in!!!
“: "Hey, it's been forever, let's chill!" "No, it's been forever for a reason."” lolololololol !!
Fantastic show tonight
When your substitute teacher is an idiot.
Every teardrop is a waterfall .... Don't go chasing them
I love you just had to get that out there (:
Thanks for being a part of our advanced screening!
I need to change my bio .
Set of ABC Pilot Americana.
Good Morning :*
Hearing you fall asleep after a goodnight are those type of nights that make me want to tuck you in and tell you I love.
And I officially get to take a car with me to school in the fall!!!! Yay
Word on the street is that might be in SD this weekend for an underground show. Anyone have any details?? #SanDiego ke$ha
Things U Don't Want to Hear on Assignment: Can U give me ballpark estimate? Can I see your passport AGAIN? This better work, Police are here
People who usually speak their minds have the most haters, because they don't try to fit in
would much rather be cuddled up in bed than at work right now
Apparently I crossed a pissy little family who thought they owned the south shore. The parents shout at me 'Jesus Christ- do you have to w
Kinda wanna cupcake.
well that was fun pretty sure I just drove through a
Many mothers can't spend Mother's Day with their kids bc their kids are incarcerated. Please help kids say Happy Mother's Day....
What it do pimp? Got new music for the town. How can i get u some of this heat playboy?
Are you ready for High School??!!
Yes, yes do it! If you decide on a style quick we can get a yeast starter going for you, we have saved a few vials.
Looking for experienced #java engineers and #flex developers for A Studio in
Today Starts A Series of Meetings With Nickelodeon ! Wish My Team And I Luck <3 ,!
Starting off the day with a session on "What's hot today in digital and new media?" w/
Rainy days always make want to cook & watch old black & white movies
oh wow, I don't remember those no. Of course the wknds, we partied much of the time, lead'g moose thru the dorm, prank'g, etc lol
yo girl what you up to?? haha
Happy National High Five Day Everybody! We would like to give a special high five to all of our amazing followers!
i saw Chronicle last weekend! loved it! looking forward to dark knight rises, avengers and spiderman so much!
thanks. I will look for those invitations. What did you think of The site? Likes? Dislikes? What can we do to improve?
If you refresh...no problems
Skills? You wanna know if I have some skills? Yeah, I got some skills...
Learn the art of appreciation. You might already possess what you're in search of
Life is a bitch So Learn how to fuck it .
i know exactly what you feel
Hate wen the voices doesn't match the people's lips on tv. Ugh.
Lol for who? the blind ;)
RT : Uncompressed HD video for healthcare needs 1.6Gbps for each stream. 3gig better #bbcsum12 where does that leave UK??
Can't decide if playing music will make me feel worse or better.
« My new song and video Stoned Love this Friday show luv to a young man»
I'll have you living life like you should You'll say you never had it so good
Just finished watching the Glee Project and now that is gone i don't want to watch. I cried when she left :(
I bet you got used to seeing those in Pittsburgh. They are everywhere!
Congrats, for being selected by NO!
Thanks so much for the shootouts
An elephant asks a camel:Why boobs on your back? Camel replied:"thats a fucking good question from someone with a dick on his face!
W00t!! Go Gavin and Karina! #DWTS is awesome on Rock Week!
"Old white dudes smoking cigars inside a church" ranks pretty high on the list of things I'll miss when I move
Spa week is still going on at JAMACHI SPA. CALL 301.585.0888 & Ask for Trina, Maku or Barbara
Hahaha, aww!! Super triple ditto!! And those are the best kind! And to be honest, I feel kinda more free now after what you said :)
That promise I made you? I'm sticking to it. I'm gonna do everything I can to prove to you that this isnt a game.
I don't think I'd be able to breathe...:')
ur right! next netbk then iphone
lol! You're always mean to me. Let me have my one day.
Attending the native American Library Convention this week and need a room? Please consider us - we have many options available.
Im so excited to do travel next year too, gonna be fun. LOL. (:
you have tiney weeners in here
My second free meal in past week thanks to Amex promotion on ! Saved $35 so far.
I can't imagine not getting on an airplane until you're in your mid thirties
Some of my fav people on tonight! :)
I hope to see all at my book signing Sunday Sept. 5th 5-7PM at the Central Florida Film Festival + see the Demo for OnlineRehabClinic.com
/: I'm still scared to tell Herr. But anyways are you going to meet the ICONic Boyz? While they're on tour?
its def not shallow... i feel like she has been pregnant for the last 2 years.
I got vio tickets to see in july ugh i cant wait . Ima be princetons first kiss lmao
Wow that guy looks like Ben Stiller.
COUNT ME AND SHAE IN
Follow Twitters Sickest Kids
I mean why is health insurance for people even up for debate? But insurance for cars and homes is required?!?!
What. RT : Gambit goes to London to c if sparks fly w love interests. Women all being murdered. Suspect: Wolverine!
theory or fact?
Thank you I may play the 2Pm Deep Stack at WSOP or may not depends on if they get a big field, I enter in level 3.
Meet the Mother Teresa of Coptic Christianity: interviews Maggie Gobran, featured at the summit:...
yayy love cheese, i could live off it
Ouch...don't ever push a lip ring into ur healed up lip piercing...it hurts
Can't sleep :(
brawl. Intense game!
Oregon now showing as highest priority in #1940census FamilySearch indexing. neat!
Shhhhh....we need the money!
Shout out to FWM team/fam
The guy in the bathroom is on the phone. Going int the 10th minute of his conversation.
I'm avoiding making a few jokes here...
what advice would you give a band trying to get out there and build a following??
Marty was forced to retire in 1983, after suffering a serious injury while chasing a drug dealer on Flatbush Avenue.
FLOP OF THE NIGHT BLAKE GRIFFIN DONT FALL WHEN YOU GET AN ARM TO THE FACE
Say WHAT?!?! Jason Statham is the man ... lol
Easy for a woman to say.
Watching the women's world cup final's come on girls go USA
why, hello!!! happy to be following you!
The classrooms of Positive Tomorrows are quiet since school end...until Summer Camp starts next week!
Ben Vershbow, to scale leveraging crowd sourcing a full time community manager is needed.
Open Saturday's at 10am and Sunday's at 9am for all of your favorite football action!
Let's try to get to 100 today! :)
Welcome to Georgetown, ! : Two words: Free
Fashion X Japan
100th follower!! grow the flow..
I'm still looking forward to that hypothetical honeymoon. "You are going to be such a ho for your husband."
SlingPlayer for Honeycomb Tablets Lands in Android Market
Todays going to be a great day! My interviews today at Nordstrom :-) Im so excited.
I'm just now catching up on #MadMen and
Miller. Duh. RT : Miller or Bud?
hello , i am doing fine .
Buyers and agents dont want to see ugly homes. Investors love houses that need repairs and updates.
Next in #mgt413caw: The Janitor, an avg-Joe hard-working, all-American, blue-collar patriot who stands up to bullies, "cleaning up scum"
Samples are gone, but the raffle is on! $100 gift card if you win!
:) well stop by anytime I'm home all this week :)
it has changed everything since we hired a graphic designer. So much better!
Ok. Just saw some guy with a hat on the Blue Line. He's going later too!!! (yes. I asked.)
is up working on #photos from the MBA BBQ.
MKZ will sit on Ford's new global mid-size platform, meaning an increase in reliability
#ideaseconomy: Stewart Brand, The Long Now Foundation: trying to get people to embrace longer-term thinking ie climate change = 100 yr prob
I didn't get any of your tweets...
Listen to your body. -MindFirstFitness
Let me get this workout started
falafel on a waffle
Fine, i'll forever be alone....again *picks up phone* i'm calling Mama Jagr
Fuck It I'll Make Life Easy & Just Erase You Out My Life!
haven't been there in forever. Still good?
Wtf 13 year old girls doing drugs?
When we forget about ourselves, we do things others will remember<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Snoop Dog? RT“: I haven't met anyone who drinks Gin in years. What's their marketing secret?”
"I need to get rid of these eggs because if I leave them too long they are just going to turn into chickens" - Thank you
If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this All those fairy tales are full of shit.
": everyone i know is secretly horny i know it damn teenagers"
“: Whoever said the chaps at the BL didn't have a sense of humor....” Brilliant BL
The Bobcats announced Paul Silas isn't returning next year. Whew, at least they found the source of all their issues.
yea man, kid can go. We are really excited about this one.
true but it's really not a big deal..lol
I love sweatpants <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
So whenever your ready to confirm Mr. that #OBL is done off, we'll be waiting. Maybe some pics for proof?
- fastest winners & losers ever?
game 7 is gonna be crazy!
": I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious. That's only because I care." I really do
quit b.s.n #follow me back!!
In Florida filming show about sea turtles. Blessed to work at #SeaWorldSanAntonio They give me opportunity to do different and fun things.
I do like these eggs and ham! Harvest a Farmers' Omelette this morning-- Two eggs w/ ham, green onions, hash browns, and American cheese!
"Hi, my name is Tristin Elizabeth and I'm addicted to Cori Sue Morris and Glee." ;) MUAGH xoxo
REALLY MIKE BROWN? THAT'S THE FUCKING GAME CHANGING PLAY YOU CHOOSE? WTF.
You'll have to tell me; haven't had it.
really? :) cathy ? Are you work or college? Nice to know you. . Very deeply, and I love that. :) ^^
San Jose airport has nothing worthwile ... Oh except for my plane home!!!
my friends and I don't call each other out of our names, we just send smiley faces :-)
Music from the MKE... is on in 10 minutes!
Don Schmincke, author of “High Altitude Leadership” & “The Code of the Executive” will be presenting @ the MD CIO Roundtable mtg. tomorrow!
maybe if you change your password? Ive never been hacked on twitter..yet!
Moving speech about #Turkistan from a #weeger at #toastmaster meeting. Research this #humanrights topic - wow!
So excited to see Hugo with !!!!
My account just tweeted a spam message I didn't write (since deleted). How did this happen? How do I prevent it?
Karaoke Tonight at Karma:)
So are we! : We're excited for at tomorrow night for Jewish singles ages 30-43. Sign-up here:...
I'm ending my work day with a sit down on the white thrown.
<U+200E>. our love is like a song ..
LOL God help me, I hope this is finally the year we find the American Idol.
I love Emma Stone.
It's actually cute when Guys get jealous.. But when Girls get jealous, OHH HELL NAAH Nigga, It's World War 3 -.-
The less you give a damn, the happier you'll be.
I am on a four hour break rt now....it is so hard going back to work after that.
of course i downloaded it!!!
as if I couldn't <3 you enough, a hot dog endorsement would blow my mind.
Ships at a distance have everymans wishes aboard.
he was in the lobby for a bit, probably saw how good i was then left lulz
Clear and chilly tonight, with lows around 30. Sunshine returns tomorrow!
I swallow juices
did you ever end up getting your iphone?
I set 17 alarms this morning and woke up on the first one
Qudditch fascinates me.
Watching #TheSmurfs always puts a smile on my face!
Ha! That sounds like something I'd do.
I love gadgets
wats good we family now let's get it
but axel released that cray statement :/ did he show up?
That's pretty sweet! Thanks.
Watching #WalkingDead & reading 's '11 annual report #PurposefulGrowth w/ zombies
Aw, I think you are great!
yay! We like excited. If you're in los angeles come meet us on saturday at ace museum
parkway slide that big over here
GOOD LUCK
So hard to read music off an iscreeny. . . #2012problems btw I write & review music online let me know about anything you do/like.
I rarely drink but thanks to our government i am driving to the liquor store.
Actually, I have no real deadline--just a sense that I should finish it by, say, tomorrowish.
Has anyone out there tried Health Month?
#JarettJack just notched his first-career triple double: 15 points, 11 assists, 10 rebounds in 30 minutes
I'm so done u have a poor attitude yu think somebody got a prob wid yo mama but its yu I'm loyal as fuck I do anything n everything I can
New paintings to be posted soon... http:/www.jarrettburch.com
it's cool. Due to my crafty phase, there are lots of those floating around.
if its even the real twitter... then yeah im cool with it.
I want my class to get close this summer; cause all we have is eachother .
hi Julie - I'm looking for a uc student or alumni cofounder to join my startup. Send me an email
UUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHH I want to make a joke that I can't make on twitter.
RT And yet we still take shots lol
Amazing time had by all at Bond's #Movie Night benefitting the #Homeless #Coach. Thanks to all who attended and contributed to its success!
#Gaithersburg #MD Sat May 12 - in #Hindi - free #meditation program & #vegetarian lunch Casey Community Center - info 240-271-8963
So I here Billy Clyde quit drinking. Gotta see it to believe it.
We're baaaacccck on Triple D this Monday Sept. 19th @ 9:30pm on the Food Network
is the top model in my books.
Every Pens fan knew Philly wouldn't make it out of the second round.
Concert as buttery as all that escargot I ingested! (I srsly had to do a butter detox.) And: Prepare the island 4 the end of May.
just won a Hop on Top bar tab at Wolski's Tavern! DM me your addy and name and we'll mail the gift certificate out! Congrats!
i love my page
#Honestly I wish I wasn't just another girl in your game.
Yeah i hope it was awkward for you
My version of "Free hugs" is a sign hung around my neck that says "Ewww, get the fuck away from me."
You guys rock! Thank you for the blasts!
i wonder if is still creeping? RT/Follow me if you are <3
Performance enhancement; Removing performance blocks; Mind skills training; Injury mgmt & personal dvpt are 4 mst common areas I work in.
I'm Italian. I love to talk even when I'm not talking. Your Ts are perfect for me. thx
FEMALES ARE SO NICE.....I WISH YOU BITCHES WAS LIKE THIS
I wish someone cared about me...
I just finished the Diablo 3 beta as the Wizard. Which one next? Found a few bugs and posted them up on the D3 forums. Looking good!!
RT If Born This Way Ball Is gonna be fucking awesome!!
I, for one, really enjoy a Gordita once and a while.
Hey steph. I finally found you on twitter.
Never think about the past it brings tears. Don't think about the future it brings fears. Live this moment with a good smile and cheers.
Fundamental basketball! Bosh
Our district is looking into adopting a new math series to align with the common core. Any districts out there decided?
#AskScandal #EdwinStarr Really??? I love it 'War, huh, what is it good for'
no problem :)
Moving AUDJPY stop to 8055 and heading to bed.
Debating which was creepier, Quantum Leap or Highway to Heaven. Opinions?
I just deleted my MySpace account. Why did I still have one?
.. Skin Revival Facial Toners (4 dry skin), Skin Balancing Cleansing Leaves, & a few new scents of Aloe Whip Body Butter.
"God didn't judge me...He changed me" Dorothy Moore
... Yea, I will :P . Just like the 41-3 loss to San Diego lol. Those losses stay with you for a while, but I put it past me :P
MTA board awards CRA/LA 6 grants today totaling $11.5 million, including expansion of ExperienceLA.com, bike hubs on new Expo line.
I'm gonna eat lighting and I'm gonna Crap thunda!!!!! Bring on the tornadoes I'll just turn em into tornadHOES!!! Get it?
sounds great. i'll ping you tomorrow!
"Economic Warfare" - The concept of adopting hazardous economic measures (overextension of credit) in generous economics (generous housing).
We're lacking in @ mentions! Who wants to talk to us???
Denver Manager of Safety Alex Martinez via Met Judge Martinez tonight Denver PD is fortunate to have him as Manager of Safety!
Well, yesterday was Community Manager appreciation day, so I celebrated of course.
I wonder if gave Austin birthday punches
t RT thanks for the follow! Love what you're doing!! Keep it up! Next time I'm in LA I'd love to stop in.
Juvinal Transcendent. Something hilarious to consume the mind. A focus on the immediate. An honest horror. A liberator. I need something new
u need Ginger Lemon tea! It will help Big time! Grate 3 tsp of fresh ginger, steep in 1 cup boiling water add lemon and honey.
RT Cant sleep
I did, it said it was a disconnected number.
At least on the warehouse.
MT Ignore factual jobs numbers today, please pay attention to my stunt yesterday instead
That was a GREAT moment, wasn't it!
And then there's that next door neighbor thing...
Congrats on 3 years Amy!
Ahh I guess...
Betty White's Off Her Rocker is some hilarious stuff!
If you can not solve it, it isn't a problem... It's reality
Roberto Capucci at the Philadelphia Museum of Art is very inspirational. Well worth seeing!!!
new profile pic!? Someone is fancy. Oh la la
will b rockin the mic for game tonight with my radio station!!! come out and support!!!
- it is regoddamndonkulous.
its still time to "bite" on Apple? was underwhelmed by their dividend though.
I use to be a used to
... and we enjoyed seeing you. Good update.
Always someone doing unnecessary bs
#wiw11 Fmr Chilean President Michelle Bachelet: Women's issues are not just women issues. Women issues are the whole society's.
We are presenting tomorrow in front of the Allocations Committee for the Town of #PalmBeach #UnitedWay. Wish us #luck!
Phillip and Joshua Swinging in the back made me pee in my pants
I hope the beast reference is for #Fridaythe13th and not me ;)
Hello Minneapolis St. Paul. I wish I could stay for dinner. Just passing through. Ristorante de Luci
Enjoying watching Fred Klapetzky speaking on how to get Sr. Leaders involved in business continuity...
Thanks yobitv for all that you have done for me!!!
#FF Follow and her amazing team of solution creators!
That was filmed at Stapleton. Not at DIA.
Just woke up from unintended but more than welcome nap :-)
If you are an artist looking to showcase your music and or poetry or know someone who is, I am starting an internet radio station.
Started volunteering at the Onondaga Historical Society today... Yay 6 years of school
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight Eisenhower
Wait, native american & black but looks mexican?! Ojaghkjfgakjnf......
My nook I got isn't working. I'd talked to customer service; they informed to get a new one. So tomorrow a trip to BN!!
"Sounds like someone's got encephalitis of the vocabulary!" ~If I could heckle myself
Christ, I didn't even know about Kred. Now I really need to step up my game!
Upload beautiful art work and get paid for your creations...www.whoorli.com
After a long day of meetings on our way to the Old Globe !Viva El Teatro! cocktail reception! A fun Hispanic night of theater and wine!
play at Tri-City tonight, hear how feels about playing in their barn :30
I called u hoe! Lol I'm bout to text u
loving all of the surprises latelY:)
Walmart earns $200,000 per employee. Amazon earns $1,000,000 per employee. It's not technology but business processes. Wow
I wish schools had an ALL YOU CAN EAT buffet! ^_^
you clearly have diabetes and high blood pressure will be $500
Take a break from the B-ball for a bit and join #MischaMachez today at Puck in Doylestown for live jazz and painting, 6-10pm
- exhausted but so freaking grateful to God, friends, family, - our little tiger girl is so awesome!
Any plans on coming to San Francisco sometime soon? We pretty much <3 you so hard.
Agreed! "see friendship" option would be very useful here :) You had specifically said "tell me more"
I don't mean to keep harping on the Elsevier thing, & it's not really related to #rwa, but the irony of this is unfortunate... [1/3]
Follow me? Please :)
This should be blueprint for all communities to collaborate and work together to promote awareness and education! Great job!
I love how Peyton is making a music videos for all the new songs but sometimes I just miss the boy who would sit in his room and record them
Been meaning to tell u. Couldnt get a flight that landed after 5PM, I arrive @ 2:30PM. I'll mill around until u get off. lol
Celts are basically Rondo & Allen right now.
u got stuck in the bathroom
Hey MB,ThxFtF! Check out our show at Plush-March 22-with #SheilaShahpari,#SuzieCue and #LangenNeubacher! Rockin' good news!
We are so thankful for your work in preserving and reviving this history.
#Boom, first day of #insanity workout complete! Thanks for the hook up!
Thanks for the feedback! Just trying out some new logos to see how they look.
Packing is hard when u dont know what exactly ur going to wear
Great day of strength and conditioning. The guys really got after and got better today.
good news is they will have copies waiting for us at will call 90 minutes before the show.
i think i'll never live that down
Dont make me fall for you even though your not going to catch me, but now its too late, I fell & hit the floor really hard.
Hunger is the best sauce. Sushi sounds good eh??
#DECEMBER: it's raining when it should be snowing. we're drinking G&T's when we should be drinking
Instead of your business address, you can show your service area with Google Places.
I had to watch it......SMH
Mitchell Johnson: &quot;Are You Going With Me?&quot; - Huffington Post (blog)
hey these random shirts you have, do they follow the old female sizes or the new ones?
Surprised you guys can still talk after that powerhouse performance!
Back home. I had a great time with my family!
Atari is hoping to get back into the gaming industry with updated versions of its classics for iPads, iPhones, etc. Really?
I need a hologram of "me just not giving a fuck".
Hang in there!
damn not going to sleep just watch kitties!
naw its too small its coo...fillin up 2x's over here
thanks now I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Well see you have your priorities straight freshness trumps all lol Beautiful Pic :)
Best thing about Summer Classes in the UNLV First Session? Quiet ass campus!! Second Best thing? Easy Parking lol
In the bedroom, It takes a whole lotta woman to keep an #Aries man satisfied.
waiting for them to tax my vag.
I wanna live 'til I die, no more, no less. - Eddie Izzard
Life's such as music; it's got to be composed by ear, feeling, and impulse, not by rule.
I am in the same situation right now. Haha i'll get up eventually.
Ship Breaker by ! Also good on audio read by
Isn't it time you step up and take control of your life? Coach Terry
I spy and ahead of me in the cattle herding process that is #SXSW badge pickup.
Lovig Jennifer Lopez Makeup #Oscar Red Carpet.
i really hate websites that look like raves. Leave the glow sticks at home, boys and girls.
Thanks for all the years of support you've given us! We appreciate it!
Mitt's economic plan would be a serious Bain in the neck the poor and the middle class.
Had fun at the party!
are you talking about that porn you made, "Tosh Spice Gets Ripped" because that I really wanna see.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Usual pains starts from too much stress. You might as well buy some neck pillows to make your rest comfortable :-) Try C-zen
"Bowie's in SPACE!"
you gotta get up to "the humpty dance"
what's your question? :)
oh its not tonight? Ops! LMAO Okay, I got you, that just means I have more time to prepare!
Think people make a big deal bout Eli's INTs last yr- Brees had 22"Inconsistency?Love Kurt but Eli is a HOFplayer
hahaha yeah I'm sure that's how it happened..
Marissa, let's discuss a partnership opportunity for my client, Stetson. Call me 303-625-1070.
The one where you're in a doorless helicopter, among the clouds, looking at a guy on the ground taking pictures of the sky.
If happy little bluebirds fly beyond the rainbow, why, oh why can't I?
Gaaahh too much work. After Wednesday I'll be a free bird
Check out my youtube videos!
i need new pants
That awkward moment you hear a mom tell there son to you and she starts giving good pick up lines to him to say... #Hahaha xD
Watching Billboard Awards... The guy from Hangover II sings better than Rihanna and Brittany!!
lol well mrs. GROWN sit by me tomorrow!
If you are a #BELIEBER you can bet I will follow you back!
I'm not going to sleep till dms me back! <3
& would be veddy good boyfriends (:
May 31 and June 1 have been scheduled as makeup days. I suspect June 2 will be 2. Should just give up P-Day as a makeup day
Gonna go pick up my engagement ring.
Want to follow more One Direction accounts. Anyone know any good ones? (:
well...we r all family
Time to pull out the sweaters and coats, I need a winter home somewhere where it's warm!
#10FactsAboutMe 9) The day I say "I Love You" to a girl I'm dating, I'm probably going to marry her. I don't plan on getting married.
had a nice run and now girls night!
Lance McAllister of ESPN1530 and 700WLW in Cincinnati is on with the Bluegrass Breakdown now talking Reds! Listen on 1450am or stream...
Amen, Glenn! What can a record do? Describe material so you can find it, then determine if you even want it.
Great my night is ruined :/
You are my sweetest mother and I breathe and live only with you and for you dear I love you very much!
Richmond League of Women Voters is sponsoring a workshop on Bill Tracking , Saturday, February 20th in Richmond, VA. Call 270-9578, x235.
Roddy White is very underrated. What does he have to do to crack people's top 2-5 WR?
RT : RT : #TWITTERTHURSDAYS official ATL Twerk team at endless music.. Be there or stay square
Were both parties for you?! #impressed. RT 2 surprise parties in a week #I'vedoubledmyyearquota
Hey, whats up kinda bored Pc4pc would be kinda nice about now.
listening to me and jeehan...? hahahahaha
Happy Valentines Day!!! <3
Ever since Thursday
: also, send me your March blogger's pick. Newsletter is better late than never. (P.S. Did I hear GIRLS?)
Oh hey there stranger! How have you been?!
Smokin the ganga outside your job while the police is inside your job?... Priceless
Seriously. This is ridiculous.
To the tone deaf woman next to me. Stop! Please stop.
I was there briefly. Had to head home.
I was there for you.... Member that?
a bitch trying to get there! I freakin missed you ass nigga lol
Has anyone purchased The Ring (remake) on Blu? Worth it?
Would u really b ok with the #DMV being in charge @ ur Dr. Office? That's the idea of
If you have an event and you want live music. Put it in the budget or ask high school kids. Musicians have to eat.
You guys are champs. Thanks for making a challenging season fun. Always a great listen.
Sellin drugs in ya school zone
What is the most important thing you can tell a child to prepare them for their future?
KRoyRN Hey lets go Wed! I get paid tomorrow plus its half off sushi and wine at stir fry! Can you do that?!
watching, and loving the
glad you came to #CedarPoint. Hope you had fun and come back with us next year.
Carrying around the one man production and post production studio around all the time gets old and awkward
Thanks for the comment back! Check us out when you have a second. Thanks
I don't text people first.
Suprisingly having a good start to monday...uh-oh, there's def somethin up
College: Colo. St. players suspended amid police probe Three Colorado State University football players have been suspended as police in
#Procrastination has diff causes: fear, boredom, perfectionism, overwhelming task & unclear goals. Identify the reason for procrastination.
12 hours later and my paper's almost done. Only the conclusion left to write!
#FF the whip-smart T'ster , who, come Monday, will be at ! Good luck, Sarah! We'll miss you!
dude you're fucking amazing!
missed u tonight! DCM Live wasnt the same without u. Hope u feel better! :)
Back to work today. Blehhh
hey how are you?
Turning off this Mavs blowout to go watch the midnight showing off The Avengers.
College students don't use landlines because its a extra expense to hook it up. Were generation on the go.
That song always gets me pumped!
get at me whenever u feel like it just want to say hello or cumin thru holla
what how? -.- I'm feel pretty good bro u looked like u were abouts to pass out so I think the one trippin was u! lol
lmfao that would definitely suck
Dats a bet my g.lookin forward to networking wit u
In this case, it must have been breakfast. It was at 8:30 this morning.
Update - utility repair guy also wearing utilikilt. Sadly, no top hat.
I don't know. They make up shit :/
A few Days Left....
Happy to see the pick up in the first round!
nothing. Hows school going?
my name in some shit you saying and you want me to treat like a friend? Seriously let's be logical.
I'll be there around 7 for some food!
#FF My online Sisters love them x
humidifier? And some white noise?
mission-us.org!
Can you give me my money back? I dont think I will ever be receiving my purchase from
You are desperate as fuuuuuuu.
I'm a bad man and u can be my bad girl any day of the week baby! Love you!!!
Review: This is SUCH a good read, top notch New Yorker quality writing and a story that keeps evolving, keeps me guessing and smiling.
CHECK OUT MY ICE I'M SO ICEEEEEEYYYY ...MY WATCH SO BRIGHT IT'S A BREITLIIIIIIIIIIING!!!!! -- MY LIFE
Keep reading scripture. It will never fail, it will never misdirect you, it will only prosper your life and show you more about God.
Almost had a threesome last night….just needed two more people.
Oh like you fools didn't know. Piccolo is ride or die.
your the coolest loser i know. hahaha you watch meganheartsmakeup? love her! hannah can we just move to america?
haters lookin at me sideways
Creating exceptional brand experiences
Want to make your voice heard to the School Board? Come on down to Central Services on Vliet St. tonight!
i wonder what happen to daniel and oomf lol
Today was a great day!! :)
Pissed off like there's no tomorrow!
the world needs more people like us whiteners. its a safer overall better place that way.
They're ranking the Boston teams 1-4 based on "who has the most heart." Now I remember why I never listen to sports radio.
welcome to the club!!!
Had the most perfect dinner with my love, met some of my fantastic co-workers, and now to end the night with a glass of wine <U+2764>
I love for engaging me in a late night discussion on Dissociative Identity Disorder.
Thunder and lightning in the bay, a rarity. So invigorating!
our surfing dates can be you teaching me how to surf :3
Ok now I want to have a Psych marathon. All I need are 3 or 4 more seasons...I think
The Beatles' White Album jigsaw puzzle I just saw at Barnes and Noble seems rather sadistic.
how big is your purse?
#nccetl celebrate students' work/ broadcast it
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Jim Mendrinos
wow okay, do I hear bitter over here? ;)
When a kid puts a beer chuger in his mouth you know hes going to be a baddass.
#LoveYew =) and ps .... i'm ALWAYS right xo
don't have to be (to cover legit privacy issues) but generally should be.
I'm so sorry Sister<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>. I'm just letting you know I'm here for you no matter WHAT<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
#Salsa Night !! 8pm Newcomer, Intermediate and Advance classes. See you tonight!
as long as I can utter an occasional "fuck" on the patio, then whenever schedules it :)
your crazy, lol
it is what it is
Thank you (still getting this tweeting stuff a month later) will keep u posted. Congrats on new agent, let me no about show
"Your domain, your rules."
Thanks for spreading the word!
Born Wild gorilla babies PBS
The whole world needs prayer.
Wow really ur gonna actually lift a finger and clean now that I'm moving out? ha ha
We're always here to help, let us know if you have any other questions about the sit-n-stand!
Unfortunately, we are not having a virtual component this year, but will post session materials on the conference website.
why must i get disrespected everyday of my life?
and ravens are gonna challenge catch after that helmet hit........smdh :/
you're welcome! RT : This bitch convinced me to do karaoke. Now i'm hooked
I knew you'd dig it :] we are going to start playing shows and parties in the Vegas area soon.
she is amazing! Toughest person I know
IT'S PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME!
Best #pirates win of the year...yet Capps blew another save.
Just a writer's curiosity my friends, how many of you have to-do-lists hanging around with items that you've abandoned on them?
Awe! I'll miss your tweets SO much! You haven't acknowledged me yet and I doubt you know I exist. But ily!<3
made some nice little pictures.
Liam fine ass on SoulFood >>> .
Aint it the truth,b ready 2 fight especially the women
'Feel free to insult me, but you have no right to insult our fans.'-Louis Tomlinson
you have missed the Nick show
HIGH SCHOOL TENNIS: Mason adds 2 to state title haul
Success is always temporary. When all is said and done, the only thing you'll have left is your character. -Vince Gill
nah I just shoot you in the paw
yeah right this movies weird that dudes a creeper!
do u ever plan on coming out with another album any time soon i love ur voice and ur music is very powerful
Grand Haven ArtWalk 2010. In 7 Days 150 artists will occupy 100 venues in Grand Haven! Be a part of it! Check out www.ghartwalk.com
"The East Coast just does NOT understand dermatology. The director of dermatology at Sloan-Kettering actually sees MY dermatologist in LA"
love u
of course. That's really great shot.
Still a few final touches to SleepIssues,
That's the same day as night at LeGrand. Wanna combine?
Please make sure to pre order my new album "My Time" released on May 30th, 2012!
My pleasure! Looking forward to connecting!
Glad 2 hear it! Next time you're eating in, try 1 of our 2 local IPAs. Have All Saints IPA,& Helltown's Rapture IPA. Both excellent
Still on for 5:15 tonight?
I use tweets 4 marketing our clients services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it ineffective.
it's okay. My mom and sister say they wanna do shit, Then they just sit on their ass & play on their stupid phones
Saw a new Nook out in the wild today. It was tiny!
Well it sucks I'm going to miss the oscars tomorrow but I'm sure everyone will tell me about it
Turns out I'm 1 point more of a douchebag than you
I don't know what you are talking about ;) RT : Wakeup call? Some ppl might walk straight from the ball to the Y.
daily quote: Psychological mountain climbing may be the right phrase for what we mean by #experiential education
and the essence of the night said, "your dreams remain on the windowsill ... it has always been your choice to allow them to remain."
What's good in Indy on Friday nights?
We're sending you plenty via guys | Should be an Epic year!
People need to stop fucking with people's feelings.
considering your book _Mothers and Daughters_ for the WI Library Assn Lit Award - tell me about your time in WI please?
Tie breaker at the Ballpark in Arlington TONIGHT! Don't miss a minute of the game, use Bypass Lane!
just habit, no good reason, imho. Nothing really new or timely is said there.
Clicking on the name five times and hitting reply 3 times but still being able to back out of it. N not reply. Cause you know you shouldn't
JM controlling. That's cute or Wadever
Thanks man, I haven't seen you in forever, we gotta hang out.
just handed the competition over to the other teams. Strange choice.
wait so he can be in his own secondary supplemental draft where he'll announce going to THE League of National Football
Thank you, , for retweeting me!
Thanks for following me ! I look forward to sharing my artwork with you! :D
your an amazing mother I cried the whole 90 minutes with you..! Breaking up is hard to do... :) keep your head up
When working out on nearly an empty stomach, supplement with BCAA during your workout for fuel and to spare muscle tissue.
Im dying
noted. If I find a site, I'll let you know
The word "Kay" means I DON'T CARE.
"Yes sir, I'm cut from a different cloth..." - Jay Z...LOL!
I was given a lot at a young age, because someone believed in me. It's how you start...makes all the difference.-
Happy Hump Day!
I didn't get to watch it. ):
That was stupid.
Hello! Yes, YOU!
I'm thinking now it must have been squirrels. The back fence is a squirrel highway.
Heading into #NYC for a big meeting. Fingers crossed
delete this account its not good and follow me on this account alik_rainey its more safer thank you
hahaha sounds delicious! I always knew pine trees werent just good for its smell.
this is the only opportunity that i have to meet you. please! I love you so much<U+2665>.
Oh awesome! Gonna have to dl that tonight.
My car is becoming a second residence. It needs a shower and couch though.
Smile,smile for me
When U get an Ipad Ppl think U tuff, when Ppl think Ur tuff, ppl what 2 know how tuff, then U end up in a road side ditch, don't get an Ipad
how come free bro? For iP???
Take advantage of an instant $10 off your beach cruiser order today! DISCOUNT CODE: CRUISER10 HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!!
damn yeah I know the ending lmao mine kinda hates my guts after I started gaining feelings for this guy
Omg ovechkin how did u miss that!!!!
Done and done. Spread the word!
Where are we shopping? Buy me something while you're there!
sorry about your kidney stones, those can be a real pain in the ass. Hope you get better soon!
"Why do you seek the living among the dead? He is not here, but has risen." - Luke 24:5 // Happy Easter from your friends at Ransom!
Hi Kathryn! Sorry I wasn't able to make it up for the #nitlesym Lloyd and Julian's session sounded great. When's yours?
omg. I got them flip phones
some friends saw it in Atlanta. Said it was terribad :/
If taking orders from a billionaire doesn't convince you he's interested in helping just the rich, nothing will.
I mean com'n wiz you can spit that's already known...but why try and rap to a cheesy pop beat? that's not your style and you sound awkward
Happy mothers day to all the great mommys out there :-)
Who are these #Eagles playing today?
Lunch at BB kings followed by black history tour on beale street
Forget "The Scream" painting, I'll stick with "Poker Playing Dogs" every single time.
Literature translations require that the translator has the correct tone, style and dialect as well being excellent, elegant writers.
yeah plus sore muscles, and a bump on my back for a while
had already left the office and def don't want to staple my pants.
TIRED AS HELL! Seeing Ashly After School, YAY!
I need to charge my phone soon. :(
love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
We've lounged around long enough. Time to take Beau to the
Bare legs and not even a little bit chilly at 8am. Hi spring!
Bout to get dis workout in... Off the strength of 's motivation...thanks foo
taco bell?
Get well soon!
Lmfaoooooo (: Kaleb and Dillon are bums so Thats Just normal for us and them . lmfaoooooooo ! Loser Loser Loser !
Thank YHWH, I'm home. No keg. Just sweating alcohol.
How do you model reporting on someone else's assertion without asserting it yourself? Adding another tuple doesn't do it
submitted a request at still picture branch @ nara/a2. very helpful staff. quiet, only 4 or 5 researchers.
I pray I can sleep on this flight. It may actually happen because I'm exhausted.
Beer goggles are a myth. Alcohol doesn't make ugly girls look prettier. It just makes you not care that they are ugly.
wOh. That is NOT what I saw coming. So SO sad. Can.not.wait for your album release
So much BASS!!
I hate being home alone too. Kinda feel like a lost puppy LOL
how are you ?
And that was the first thought pop outta my head lol.
i went to bed last night thinking "there's no way klinsi play jozy up top alone". what is he thinking? He needs a strike partner!
"The mindset of the media is to make #republicans feel uncomfortable" seriously? He must be joking.
You are so weird lol
Vegas is awesome! I woulnd't want to live anywhere else
For the better? Omg take a real long look at yourself.
#Now listening to lil twist steady hatin
It's moments like this where I miss teaching political science / would be fun to hear from 18 years on this....
Excited to be worshipping with Life and Light Chapel here in Williamsport.
hell yeah! What an ass!
Happy murdering of innocent turkeys day!!!
Always a conspiracy when you bring the car to the shop!
Mayor Hancock calls on house judiciary committee to pass civil union bill.
RT : Grey Goose and Apple Juice....#Juicy< im telling..lol
An hour , froyo and then a nap, the afternoon keeps getting better!
You don't deserve my tears.. I guess that's why they're not there.<3
I'm blessed beyond description! 6 ppl accepted Christ tonight hallelujah our God reigns!!! C4 has the best ppl n the world!!!
Watchin the #Reds game
Interesting on front page is 2 articles about Note transactions and 1about flat investment sales (sans not transacations) for Q1.
Bitch I'm Karl Lagerfield...
I have a '09 Forester and I love it. Unstoppable in snow, great gas mileage and ultra reliable. '09 was first yr of new design.
I hope you know this isn't easy for me.
Just finished the #5k! Great course and great to see so many #Clemson folks out running!
I hope all Directioners get to meet 1D some day... And hopefully my day will come sooner than later?
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
It's nice to see the Cubs selling Garza after he has peaked
McDonalds sound good right now wish I had the car
I got a feeling I am getting through to you. Send me an email at . I will help you help a woman.
Hy u what u doing.
We are producing an untenable # of new homes in USA. Need to control the overhang, get private investors to buy and lease back
what up Kim Kim
Why is partying and having a good time bad?
My hands look super awkward in my icon pic... Haha
when you come to Seattle Im bringin my bros sex dice &we're playin
GOSH I love Corey Hart. What a badass. Coreeeey Hart. Be mine!
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do -- Jean Baptiste Poquelin Molière
Wow it will feel good to be back home...and play the sCrUBS
Go Tony RT : Taped an interview for Al-Jazeera about extraterrestrial life. Scratch that one off the bucket list...
which one?
all i did tonight was tweet and listen to music... productive
Last nights seminar was fantastic! Attorney Allyson Del Vecchio gave so much crucial information to all participants.
So now some Republicans believe that if you are for equal rights for gays, you must be gay yourself? WTF? Talk about ignorance & prejudice!
RT : I squat. Not because it gives me a badass thighs and ass. Nope. I squat so I can pee without a helper when I'm 90.
Im going to celebrate christmas with my extended family today, i have a feeling i am going to get a im excited
Busy busy day at the library! Happy kids and happy dogs at PAWS to Read.
u can walk, went by other day. But there r buses.
What's in a Keyword? New search inspired Sound Design is up now!
We are packed with girls. Literally we need more guys in here! Where r u?!
anyways I'm done being creepy. I'm just bored and looking for conversation. XD sorry
Love the sound of crickets
I have a feeling Jagr will end up someplace else
Ah, thanks for the kind words!! We miss you too!!
I hope is okay :( be okay man!!!
he's getting so big! Can't wait to meet him. I'm home 2nd weekend in may. Will you and be back then?
Guess I'm single .<3
if you pay college athletes would they be inelligible for amateur events and sports?
Launching a service soon for express #outdoor #weddings ... any advice? words of wisdom? all help is appreciated!! :)
Lost in forever 21 help me!
always a pleasure ;)
Do you want me to buy you a pelican for your bday????
Don't let schooling interfere with your education. - Mark Twain
how u been sweetie
I mean that's what I thought and that's what my mom said but i could be wrong
you're lucky!! Lol
I know... time to start designing the Halloween costume? Suggestion: da Vinci Robot Still can't believe it's October already.
We are up and ready to walk. 13 walkers at this point. Walk for Children's Health
I hate when my phone runs slow.
IT FELT GOOD SEEING EVERYBODY AT THE STEPHENSON SPRING GAME!!! (A GHETTO AZZ REUNION) LOL
Love the Puba verse on Skins.
My mom in Lakeview: "Ooh that's a neat house." "That's a church, Mom."
Text correction: would not. Darn thumbs and tiny touch screen.
you mean there are other ways to get around Houston other than train? Do people drive cars here?
What the heck?
That's what you get for mentioning it. Murphy's law at work.
#3WordsForYou I'm the boss
Thanks for the RT! I need all the recommendations I can get....
RT : One of the best protections against disappointment is to have a lot going on.
Don't stress the could haves, if it should have it would have.
Just because Busta Rhymes and I share a name doesn't mean he's as good of a rapper as me...
Good luck with the move.
damn, grrl. You're on fire today.
Come and see us! We'd love to do that for you :)
Before you come to Julep or Johnnies tonight, swing by Slate bar and grill and see my man for a drink or two.
where u going.
that's not a good answer Corey.
What new work being performed by #AlvinAiley in 5/11-12 was co-commossioned by ? Reply for a chance to win Ailey tix.
do you have the dough to ride out and move in right away though lol?
Longest 30 seconds of my life.
i thought i'd say the #coffee part on your description is awesome...
: Fish Fry Protest for leaving a fish fry hungry
thanks for the app advice loving the flipboard app
Jairo is going
The polio vaccine, telegraph and a Model T wheel are all on display Which invention do u think had the most impact?
To think: If Lee Evans caught that pass, BAL-DC teams would have consecutively ended the seasons of 3 Boston rivals.
Aw thanks girl! Where can I read your writing?
Capturing all of the footage from last nights, Tom Hughes Memorial event. Theres over 6 hours of video to work through.
On this anniversary of #nine-eleven I am looking forward, not back.
foolish people settle for less...wise people are patient.
love you beautiful. <3
I don't know why I get my hopes up when I know you'll fail me.
RT if you love music!!! :DD
#NYTM 2 spare tickets and they're going soon...
Awesome ride today by and racing! Hope to see you wheeling it in Texas
Can i go on retreat for the rest of my life please?
#MoneyTeam Good fight
For those who haven't been to church in a while. I'm encouraging you to make sure next Easter isn't the next time you go to church.
You know what? I'm sick of this shit. I'm tired of trying.
The side note being that nearly any music I've discovered in the past 15 years - and still listen to - I've found on
meh, it was ok
Today, my brain is learning and thinking. This is making me happy.
cleaning my room D: what you guys up to?
I guess I'm just that kinda person...
Thought most basic #drupal modules were pretty standardized & not "custom code" - believing that may have been my first mistake.
saludos! hope all is well! come back again for a visit!
Forecast for Thursday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 65 to 70 near...
(500) Days of Summer!
Yes, let's stay in touch. Thought about you since we taped women n jazz segment, wondered how you'd were adjusting too LA life
Time for a little magic. I will help in any planning!
Yeah like a year ago <3
Lords of Death, I summon you! :)
hmm yeah there are a lot of adults but this place has good food!
God, im so tired
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding about ourselves ~Carl Jung
I wish I could retweet this SO BADLY. And , you're the best.
Can u do more imagines?!!! Please (:
#Gunners are third,#gunners are thirst,sorry #spurs fans u r always our little brother don't.feel bad just hope chelsea gets knocked out.
finally getting back into it:) miss your face!
Well, that's just the sweetest thing.
U wont find anyone hotter on twitter then !!!!!!!!!
At work another week of fun and joy
OH dear! the most eagerly awaited tech announcement of the year (#iphone) turns out to be a complete let down. Spend less on lawyers
good morning!
I was taken by the cinematography
What a Friday! I had a day full of radio and tv interviews. Now, I think that I will kick back a relax for a few hours...
Its Brick Outside -_-
Are you ready for our next gig? Budweiser sponsered house party in B Hills! HERE WE GO!
please can it be
RT if you get all EXCITED inside when a celebrity Replies, RT's, Favorites, DM's or Follows you :)
By the way folks, 2010 does not mark a new decade but the end of the old one.
I wouldn't go to twitter jail cause I'm white duh
ACC not looking so hot this year
yeah, I think you're right. wonder if he cast an tie breaking votes that short session before the election
Hahaha That is a totally valid reason to have crazy eyes! Now I want one (five).
be nice if there could be some balance. No one should be on the ground unnecessarily.
if the beats aren't all ready sold, id love some info on that. Any site I can go to? otherwise.Thanks!
The freshness of the spring air and smiles on faces after I wash down a home makes spring cleaning a special time of year for me.
Nice! What year are you? Have you registered with beRecruited? Its free! Check it out- www.berecruited.com/register
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." - George Washington Carver
did you get advance tix? TUS is sold out!
Lol the radios playing all songs the have something about the
Looking forward to sharing the impact and value of school libraries with you tomorrow
Camille on RHBV is hard to watch
MyCSU is getting ready for fall with some great videos! If you have video suggestions send us a direct message or e-mail
Why would anyone complain about marching band noise? That's the sound of fun!
sounds fun! lol. good times for me are Mondays-Friday after 4pm pst. I go to sleep around 10am pst. =X lol
People are demonstrating outside #BankofAmerica branches across the U.S.
Happy National Teacher Day! Thank you for inspiring us.
Congrats on the new family member- cute! Please contact us if you're interested in our free delivery service for your pup's food!
"Christ is Risen!" "Happy Easter!"
Wow I wish I could go back to sleep.
Tonight's Pig Roast visits Southeast Asia, see you at 7pm, 1st come 1st serve
I love Mama D's - dinner in Newport.
2 innings in, 5 tenders deep. Spotted Cow and Rolling Rock in the fridge. Gotta be honest, I freaking love Miller Park.
Today I am remembering Matt Nagel, who died too young at age 35. Praying for his wife, daughter, and extended family and friends.
"Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires." Francois de La...
ok lol I could care less about you or andrea at this point so keep on lying fake bitch
Now, very little moderate Dems in Dem party, enough ConservaDem politicians have replaced them in certain states, and zero modRepubs.
Just because you understand, doesn't mean everybody else does. ~
Yes!!! I want to come too!
zero marketability? He has the largest paying Adidas endorsement that doesn't belong to a soccer player.
I was wondering the same thing... I'm guessing it should be done by Friday when the next challenge comes out?
joins me at the talkin' table to talk about Google+. She's on the cutting edge! And ONLY on CBS19
why do you Hunter so much?
Support my big sister in all her endavors
Will you still be in Miami in August?!?
Follow <---- follow her go go
those tilted ears blah! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
I'll just keep asking 8 hundred million times until you admit mistake or choose to lie. It's a perfectly reasonable question. Cluck.
LatinoFest in Patterson Park this weekend. $5 adults, kids 12 under free. www.latinofest.org
Is it against the law for a yogurt place to have the sound on for the movies they're always playing?
RT Your wealth is directly correlated to your health.. Be Strong To Live Long! Exercise And Diet is Key!
I think I'm in love ;)
Just remembered that was the first person I called when I found out I got into IU.
Happy birthday!! Hope it's fabulous! :)
Congrats Amanda!! We like to think we knew you when... RT : say hello to 's newest Manhattan intern :)
We want to be somewhere where we can witness the Aurora Borealis as a band and write a groovy jam during the experience.
damn, sounds like a solid weekend. who was your favorite?
“: I thank God for you Kandi!” < awww bro, thank God for u too man!
Dude! Some of it sounds like the stuff we used to laugh at! So ridiculous.
Ah the sounds of thunder rolling through the mountains... Love it!!!
that's awesome! Im eating my way across somerville
walked to my moms to see my brothers and these niggas say "what are you doing here!?" when they walk in. LITTLE FUCKERS!
Headed to a LAX game - proud Dad of a Varsity starting attackman.
Imagine if Rose wasn't rusty!!
#Food production is another invisibility problem. - Shawn Lawrence Otto
hi my FAVORITE cousin can't wait to see u in Vegas!!!
Last day of recording today. We're really excited to show this to you guys!
Happy Anniversary, y'all! *big squeezy hugs*
RT : 8 mile "long run" this evening. Rock n sole 1/2, here I come! << Way to go!
I woke up and found myself in SF!
You can email a PDF to your kindle (set up email via amazon acct) or you can plug it into the mac and transfer the file (free).
In the final stages of purchasing a Nissan Altima. Should I do it? Anyone have opinions about these cars?
HA! That gave me a great "Morning laugh" Thanks <3
sure, go for it
lost my keys, which are attached to my ID, giftcards, and credit card
Teacher: your son has detention. Mom: why? Teacher: he stood up at lunch and threw a sandwhich at another student yelling "YOLO".. Mom: -_-
the best trip of my life bro!!! I have so many sick pics coming your way soon!!! You Da MAN!!
Thanks for the follow ! Looking forward to exchanging ideas!
Installing iPhone and Android SDK's for use with AppCelerator Titanium... I'll let ya know how it turns out!
as long as Duke Silver makes an appearance
If you loose power, you can listen to channel 3 on 1210 am radio! Near KOP, sideways rain, severe gusts, lost power a bit, lost our arbor
Have you ever had Dowdy Electric service your home? We would love to hear your stories!
My head hurts! So, I need some medicine! Mommmmmmmaaaa!!!
There's a reason for everything I do.
#IowaCaucusDay! Watching these polls change over the past few months has been insightful indeed....curious to see how this pans out
My mama tryna get mad cause ion know what Ant Farm is.
always a tough one to swallow admitting that u are "that" friend...lol
excited to skype with you this morning at KW madison east
Am thinking on it. An old friend just asked me the same thing. I'll keep you posted.
This mane is not studying me.
says not to blow your tax return on extravagances... put it in your 401K or reinvest in your business.
A much more heated debate this morning, as compared with last night. Everyone on their A-game.
everyone thinks they're creative
Paul heyman is back!!! Gotta love
i missed everyone :) thank you!
In the training on web2.0 it is important to look at the tools
Doctors' office scales are like TV. They both add ten pounds.
i I saw your post on the enterprise use of #Pinterest this morning - does a company need to use gentlemint too?
"Save a horse, Ride a UNICORN"
Back at putting together ' "Lexicon" pamphlets. Very happy to have these to hand out all over Baltimore.
He gets a pass for the first game but he was the worst player on the team this series but that stupid DPOY covers them all SMH
I have laundry and cleaning to do! AH talk to yall later :)
Thirty-five is when you finally get your head together and your body starts falling apart - Caryn Leschen
S/O to my new followers <3
When do you put on #thebelt?
So where do unicorns fit in? Absolutely nowhere thats why its a unicorn.
Change your life, just might change her mind..
Now if only the Nets had that other necessary ingredient. You know, talent.
Gr8 day in Sac, getting ready 4 in this weekend Only 30 followers to our next free Ice Cream Giveaway. RT & win
Thank you to everyone who participated in #AIDSWalk12 yesterday! Another amazing event in the books!
We'll share one of your tracks on our FB and check out the feedback.. Which do you prefer
A huge shout out to the fabulous ladies attending the WPO Annual Conference in Atlanta, sharing their biz experiences!
Hey girl. I see you holding those fries but I'd like to see your shake
Sorry for that everyone… had to test out something I'm working on =)
Craziest mo fo i know
14$ six packs all day long. Big Bottles 22oz bottles double bastard tweason and old school
That awkward moment when your joking around with someone and then they decide to go all serious on you.
Dear NHL GMs, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make some kind of big trade!!! signed, an unhappy fan
“My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel.”-John Lennon
i love my job.
Alewife is up by 70! Obviously they don't party on Memorial Day! Take two advil Monday morning and vote from your computer and phone.
What's your favorite #hiphop album right now? I'm always looking for new music
because you know who all of my possible love interests are and IT'S PATHETIC
lol it was DELICIOUS. The person I made it for got a headache so I couldnt find her. I ended up eating it
Dear Houston drivers. If your next move will affect the speed and velosity of another vehicle..... don't effing do it...
Im about to download it... You know The Weekend has to be part of my "Sex Mix" playlist on my IPOD! Haha
nice to meet you too
Enjoying wait for
I just spent an hour in discovering how little I understand business databases.
That is the cutest thing!
count me in.
Visiting the University of Puerto Rico Botanical Garden today! Orchids and Bromeliads galore!
RT: “: Tomorrow: President heads to South #Korea for a nuclear security summit - and a visit to the DMZ”
Dude! Placing cinnamon in my mocha is mandatory going forward
#Denver #Colorado June is coming up and the chance to join in #enlightenment in #sacred #geometry with #angels is here! #Raise ur
There's more people that want it than people that have it.
all alone at the yellow table wah wah
Good to see you around here, Travis!
Spent a great NYE at Beck. All the meat eaters loved it. Wish there was more veggie food as I left hungry.
RT if you're super excited for the Simpsons this Sunday 7pm. On fox29
Happy Valentine's Day Tweeters!
AB481, which hurts potential new HS voters, will be taken up next Tuesday.
Is it Friday already? Time flies when you're happy and busy.
Hey a dancing party!!
Worrying about the AZ Legislature's next move.
Chapter Three begins! www.rocketrobinson.com
President Barron's response today makes it clear why he shouldn't be President at #FSU. It's all about him. #Noles =
“: Me: "I'm over my crush" Crush: "hey" Me: "Nevermind"”
IF YOU FOLLOW ===> I will give you a SHOUTOUT! <U+2665>
When I'm tired, you cannot get me to function lol.
#SinCity #Dubai #Friday Ladies free all night
I must have just missed you!
RT : FUN FACT: Sunday's Orioles-Red Sox game was first since 1925 in which both clubs used a position player on the mound ...
Why is there even such a concept of an attosecond? What is the value of quantifying such insignificant time periods?
Tnx to and for nice thoughts on story. Pleasure was all mine.
Hard to believe I could love a show more than but The Layover is winning me over. Worth the wait.
Any of our followers on twitter doing our contest on Facebook?
I am sorry I forgot to wave to you. I will try to remember that for the game next week!
Honestly a little surprised in how few of people I follow are taking about gay marriage. Come on guys, this is big!!!!
Just used my Rapid Rewards to buy a free ticket to Boston to attend
You stated yourself the entities are separate because of conflicting religious beliefs. That is what is silly. Humans are human.
lol i don't know. But Its a good question. Lol
Haha, happened with both of my kids. Names were known but not mainstream until a few years after they were born
you're dead!
The Mayor of Chula Vista, Cheryl Cox, is encouraging folks to put up signs & voting for Jessica TONIGHT!
poor baby
Austin said you can make happen what you dream, then that means i can make myself meet him because i had a dream about meeting him <3
robogames you say?
Wow. The Dalai Lama is on facebook.
hahahahaha what's up Ms.
It keeps switching back and forth...increasing the level of thirst all over twitterland LMAO
Now #NJ w/ #KarenArmstrong MichaelWolfe AlexKronemer dinner done & sneak peak of showing IslamicArt Mirror of InvisibleWorld
Did you ever cheer on the VG Blue Devils on a Friday night? ;) I sure did. What's up?
I can't wait to read it!
na, it only means that the right girl hasn't come along yet. I used to be in the same boat fam, but believe me, she'll come!
To err is human. To forgive is bovine. #hindujoke?
people decided to throw trash and other stuff in it
With Junk Food Comes
The Macho Man was always my dads favorite character, me and my lil bro would set up a make shift ring while he read the NY Times, LOL
No, Adele. Run. Run far away.
poor timing !!!!! An injustice did u say this in 2010? or now after the RIP Steve Jobs? what an injustice
#Merp Gita keep the keep sakes!!!
It's awesome. Huge improvement
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. --Eleanor Roosevelt
33 more minutes of ignoring every word that comes out of my professor's mouth til I'm done for the day!
that's like letting Biden handle the red button in the white house.
Hey , how's the man-day challenge going?
It's futbol day. Shouts to the bros who made the trip up this morning so we could play. Let's get it done.
#DearObama, you're really cool & liberal & we love you here in LA, but can you please stop coming to visit? Thanks, Leandra
Princeton Congrats i heard you won your puppy. im glad you deserved to win. tell your little cutie i said hi :)
Yup, close for us too, of course.
At Magic Mtn. Today 4 a friends Bday. Ate half a Funnel cake and already have regrets. Funnel cake and orange soda do not a breakfast make.
Love Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up: "Because that creepy mustache you grew that one time still haunts my dreams" Add your story ly/mQ7TVg
indeed. The undead must rise.
omg that was so fucking funny im dying. otgmfdizol mvnzndjhf
don't black ball me like "fantasy focus" did on the email today or Ill have you sayn Queensbridge Queensbridge!
CAN YOU TEACH ME HOW TO DOUGIE???? lol ;)
no just your fine!
I will be on Skype tonight if I stay in Lubbock, Ill tweet you and let you know! I want to heat about Tokyo!
I'll see what I can do :) I have no camera is the only problem. We'll see ;)
Oh my god! Go on youtube and watch beatbox cuz i think thats the hottest thing ever other then he so hott to
WTF Wednesday at Davenport downtown San Antonio! NO COVER $2 Drinks All Night! 2 rooms 3 djs!
I like big news.
Im here! MT : Our team is with & Carnegie Mellon Heinz College to work on crowdsourcing, prizes & challenges
20 years old and im still getting prank calls lmao
Both. Both is good.
She's stupid! Lol
'Tis a sad day indeed. My iPhone 4S screen is in pieces :(
That exstreamly sad moment when the boy who is in live with ur sis new ur friend dat died its crazy how the world works every1 is connected
eating soup xD
#quoteoftheday "A true friend listens to you when you need it most, not just when it's convenient" ( ). Just what I needed.
we are! I was checking out your shirts yesterday. I really dig them! Super funny.
and please follow me austin and see this picture pic.twitter.com/Y6gx4pd <3
love this idea!
Cape Shok, Trash Talk. Miss u Pauly.
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves Chew gum loudly at the movies. Spit it out or I’ll punch you out. :)
Hey! March 18th were playing at the landis theatre in jersey please come out tickets are 12 bucks!
RGB Growlers!!! So brilliant, can't wait to see them.
add me cuzn i couldnt find u on there
RT : The first of our SF Green Film Fest reviews is on a movie that draws surprising connections between your cell......
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~Scott Adams
Get this day going!
#WhyDoiAlways have songs I don't ever listen to stuck in my head?
As Memorial Day approaches, it is time to remember and honor those who have served our country with honor and dignity.
hey i'm here notice me k
u take me 4 a ride in the car. i hide puke under the seat.
It feels good to have #Real friends. :)
he's coming on at 1:30
$1 PBRs at BBC tonight. Stop by after 9pm and enter to win...a Pabst refrigerator!
Into the idea that Nina Totenburg is into The Knickerbockers/Nuggets.
That last tweet was !!! Not me!!!
I see that you're traveling. Any hint to where you're headed? TPC maybe? Stay up, stay strong bro. Peace.
can we plant one?
Thx. Now following -- great contributions to a terrific panel!
I hate talking to people on the phone. I shall forever praise the guy who invented text
to whom it may concern: good love will find you someday. but if you keep on looking for it, it will only keep you waiting. <3
Did you know that sleeping too much (over 8 hours) is just as dangerous as sleeping too little (under 6.5 hours)?
Big thanks to happy Wednesday
Prepping for 's #Energy Performance Seminar today. Can’t wait to hear from Mark Jewell, Pres. of Energy Efficiency Funding Group Inc!
Tks 4 the RTs fabulous , righteous (swoon) and my #weloveLA (especially from a #schoolgarden) friend
Very true! And that's what I am doing now, but I don't think that's what they intended when they put them there.
i got glasses! yayyy =)
Welcome, Walt and Nicole! :)
don't worry.... I haven't read it either.
Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be clever.
Redis is ridiculous, there's guide to install but no guide to uninstall.
Ladies 2012 is the year the GOP says you're going to step back,well I say you're a hell of a lot smarter than us so step forward.
Said 'someone' is presumably not the mother's significant other.
let me tell you something, your videos are absolutely AMAZAYN. They're the most perfect things i've ever seen. Thank you<3
the sun set too soon that night.
I believed you. It was stupid of me to trust you. But I did. Now Im in tears
that's cool we might go there for Jennifers 30th birthday. Can't wait. She still sais she's 22 LOL
NEVER call someone ugly. Doesn’t matter if they’re a boy or a girl. Everyone is attractive to someone’s eyes. What is ugly is your heart.
It's more or less official: any game with sand in it "looks like Borderlands."
you like switchfoot right?!?!?
good night twitter
Playing with wordpress themes in an attempt to make jennamur.com a little more dynamic. Happy to be out of the scary world of MySQL
How 'CHURCHILL'S ISLAND' rallied behind it's leader via
When did it become normal to start the workday by deleting Portuguese and Chinese spam?
Anyone ever made a pesto with Thai basil? Does it have that unique Thai basil taste? We've got a bumper crop & want to be sure to use it!
home team always on da Grind
At the end of this project, I will have processed for 4 years 1/2
About to do some yoga!
Cant wait for the new single to hit the charts!!! Trust me, this thing is god. You'll be "Falling" for it!!!
The judge has just sentenced Barry Bonds to two years probation, 30 days home confinement and 250 hours of community service.
Happy birthday to my best friend and the most wonderful, beautiful person I know
#imthatpersonwho can take a joke and not get mad!
is it insomnia, or something else? I thought insomnia was an ongoing condition....
I love you Idc what you or anyone else says your the hottest Kardashian
Fatal Attraction was the #1 movie this day in 1987. Glenn Close scared the hell out of me. She gave me nightmares.
working on #digitcation portfolio. is there a way to create an RSS feed?
#ComplimentSomeoneOfTheOppositeSexDay You don't suck, unless you've bitten someone & in that case you totally do.
Paragliding in Mendoza = a success!!! Aside from a quick bout with motion sickness
If you don't own Solid Ice by Jimmy Thackery get it. Guitar Instrumental par exellance'
will do just about anything for a free t-shirt
More often it's actually KISJ (Keep it simple Judas)
3 Brewers starting in the All-Star game, hopefully Braun heals quickly.
I'm in love with your profile picture. I'm gonna FaceTime you in a few...be prepared!
Now lets see, how do i gain new followers?....
no two leaves are alike in a forest of 100,000 trees no two journeys are alike on the same path ~ Sufi poet Hafik
I made a gifboom lol you should make one :)
#60 Bro, I'm convinced that it's not easy to make it to Hell, you have to fight the Love of God the whole way there...
I agree with Joe! RT : Would "Haylz Yes!" be too strong a sentiment?
lol I'm walking out the door
Wishing all of our friends a very Happy New Year! We will be open from noon-5 today.
Follow and with every new follower until March 21, I will donate 50 cents to plz RT
It is better to think too much, than to think too little
Dr Pepper's new slogan for Dr Pepper 10 is "not for women." Are you keeeeedding me?!?
I'd love to send a copy to the shul library. Thanks very much.
Interesting the number of middle school absences the morning after the midnight premiere of the Hunger Games.
it's still not worth it! don't subject yourself to such awful filmmaking!
I'm going to stop working and think about this for the rest of the day. RT : "No one can utter this table."
Hi Brian! Came back early from #motorcycledaytrip to be here tonight.
any plans for the weekend?
The John Bobek Music page on FB has passed 1000! Go to the page, click the "Like" button at the top, and have a listen! www.johnbobek.com
RickyHoybach thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
how the hell does that work?? I gotta keep up with the GForce fan page. And I'm an addict. That's what brought me back
Occupy Austin turned away assistance from the Rainbow Family in feeding the occupiers what an insult.
Life is like a dog sled team. If you ain't the lead dog, the scenery never changes. ~Lewis Grizzard
#Milwaukee Avoid Tonic Tavern tonight if you want have even a decent night.
Self-service, partner and public APIs are key to stay competitive in today's economy
My imaginary friend keeps staring at me. F*cking weirdo.
Tried so hard to avoid getting sick this week, and it just didn't work. Ugh, hot tea and sleep for me. :/
Well, since I'm up early I might as well do homework or something productive :PP
Oh don't hate me I am just an artist, if you reacted to that tweet then I have done my job.... libtard.
I'm doing great, thx for asking. How've you been? Haven't seen you since that Health event a few months back.
Ah, spring in Granite City&#39;s Wilson Park
It is about time , and long over due! #Miami its time to wake up to #SocialGood. cc.
Our show at BVC is only two days away! We are beyond stoked!
I only have a few hours until prom and I'm already pissed tf off
ANIMAL CONTROL IS COMING OUT HOPE BEFORE 6 I HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
Relationship Advice for Healing the Pain of Divorce
Nope, Mace Windu.
You convinced me to move on it.
They must not have a life! :-P
I have school all day then work after :/
UPDATE: Megan Fox's second pregnancy has already been green-lit.
Deleting every fucking social network!
Wondering if I made the right decision or not...
Im real bitch im young but my old bitch
how r u
How about keeping tuition from going up to $22K? UCLA pride comes in many forms.
Your support is encourageable!!!!! 1000 hits today & they keep coming! :)
I. Hate. Snow.
it's going to be a gravy train with biscuit wheels.
The average supporter is going to wait until the crisis is at level 10 to share information on social
CLIPPERS WIN!!! Get ready Spurs we're hungry...
What is your favorite characteristic of Israel's founding father #BenGurion?
Aaahh now I understand such great knowledge. And I was thinking u were just that smart lol.
On flt 2 Holly Springs, NC, who thought making people laugh meant getting up at 5am
ah, I assumed there was an article to go with it, giving it context. That's not just a reference chart to support other stuff?
oh lord forgive you. Dirty girl
Check out our hottest addition Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 Follow
At Americas Food Show on Miami Beach: Booth 510: VALSAMPA / Brand name: Canção Wines, Quinta do Rio Grande wines Heart of palm Copagro
I am sure he's too tired to handle ur big screen
dude like legit answer ur phone
Well played!
wing plans? I hope not!
Here We Go Tincaps after work for dollar beer night. Who else is goin??
I see it was an interesting day in AZ land today speaking of which!
why would you EVER do that?? We all know you're fair skinned...
#ThatOnePersonWho always ask you to chill but never pull through on the plans
Finally gonna be done for today in 30 minutes.
super thank you! and can't wait to meet!
so u need a tannin n shoppin partner?
When friends talk about how long their friends take a poop > bahaha hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. -Einstein
Good Morning. Have a wonderful Tuesday.
"Change is not just one aspect of the game, it is the game." Lou Gerstner, IBM
“: dear Jane: you have all this time to tweet but none to change your name... #mrscowan :)”/ LIKE!
because menses uses up too many characters?
thank you! coincidentally (perhaps?), thought you might have somehow made an appearance in the movie.
Oh no.. not even close. :)
New south park >>>
and apparently Vandy is the only team on the floor that can commit offensive fouls. LOTs of calls going Bucky's way...
IF YOU HAVE HATERS, THEN YOU"RE DOING SOMETHING RIGHT !!! GOOD MORNING EVERYONE, HAPP MONDAY !!!! :)
u got an I for HOT chicks that's for sure. Funny that the hottest ones look like YOU!!
Pluralitas non ponenda est sine necessitate
thanks for the save! :D
And thanks for the RT! Hope you've got a terrific weekend planned!
Lookin forward 2 sharing in song along w/2 gr8t friends & 250 beautiful women at the Hopewell Baptist Mother/Daughter Brunch.
Did you expect anything less from stupid Walmart?
Following was probably...wait, no...DEFINITELY the best thing I did today. Thank you babe..for being AWESOME! :) :) :)
They wouldn't let the Delirious Eddie Murphy host the Academy Awards, but the Dr. Doolittle Eddie Murphy? Absolutely.
Happy Mother's Day!
If that one doesn't work out I will be job hunting like crazy just before we move.
Idk why I come to this class, I don't pay any attention
Thank you, A BUNCH :D
is chewing gum?
Another Sunday by the pool. Absolutely picture perfect day. Not a cloud in the sky.
Sometimes you get to a certain age where you prepare yourself for happiness, sometimes you never remember to actually get happy.
Heading to Bdubs to support our little ones in JBQ. see you there!
haiyo, later tuition. i lazy want go..
Step a little closer to the bed, Red...
Check out Wheezy Waiter on youtube while you're at it!
Can't wait till return.
Free throws becoming critical now..
only because they're not you
Finally over 100 followers *opens champagne bottle*
Do you need to draft or enforce a contract? We can help you obtain the benefit of your bargains. Call us ~ 619.338.9500
I could punch in the face right now for that.......
hell yea then new jack city then follow up with the dynamic duo again with money train!
Important bit of news! MT : [Today is] free cone day at Ben & Jerry's.
Is it stupid that I sometimes take iPhone photos of pertinent email information on a computer screen so I don't have to look through emails?
An act of God was defined as "something which no reasonable man could have expected.". -A. P. Herbert
Check out our award winning web page located at www.msalonaz.com We look forward to seeing you soon!
Tumaini Publishing "Inspiring & Encouraging the Soul"
Int! Clay Matthews! Come on now offense!
You just know it's gonna turn out to be the "thwarted" Fort Dix attack cell behind the Fort Hood attack. You just KNOW it.
i only drink skim already. awesome
I'm about to lose my mind. You've been gone for so long.
that's the spirit!!
wow haha I haven't seen that show in a whilee
can't wait to see tonight at !!!
Not a bot! Proud to be your 1,000th.
But there aren't any pictures of brains.
Thanks for the ! Together we can make a difference to #endslavery one city at a time! :-)
I'm doing saltwater rinses , no need for antibiotics.. yet! I had a feeling when I hiked on a day w/ lots of wind & dust!!
First time in the car I've been able to play and my mum didn't complain because "she doesn't know the music."
"Be alive, be grateful and know that happiness is an inside job."~ Colette Baron-Reid
Workin' on that AND the next retreat. In search of a money tree! ;)
Good luck to Willie Harris, wherever he winds up.
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding" (UK/ Ireland edition) has got me seriously rethinking my previous idea of buying an RV and hitting the road.
Just accepted that one of my favorite people died this week, RIP mr. Repo love you- "the big bad football player"
It's been almost 2 wks & the accident report from my NYE 'accident' still isn't posted! Anyone work for the city of milwaukee?
“: Thanks Alex!”. Yes sir! See you in New Orleans?!
|#quotes Whole Foods is dedicated to helping people be healthier and live lives with more vitality and greater sense of well being.
"2012 needs to be an epic year."
Never play Fifa after being up since 2am. May have cost Hull promotion and PSG group stage in Champs Leag. Didn't risk
Added a new person to my mobile tweets list. Everyone welcome to the party! Woo
H'way sites are a great way to lure the public w/ the 'great man' story then present the social hist context that matters.
Small thing I am thankful for: No toll on the Roosevelt Island Bridge!
I need more followers. I have 14. That's embarrassing. :| Why won't people follow me?
Be sure to check out my website where all of my handmade soaps, body butters, sugar cube scrubs, and lip balms are available for purchase!
Oh dear Lord, Austin. Please don't turn int a quote account
I was secretly hoping u was lol
We were required to turn off our phones, and we weren't allowed to take photos/videos. I did get a ring appraised, though.
iIs fucked up that your insurance company dont want you to see a specialist. Seems like they would rather you die.
This school is so cold.
my STRING came out of my NIKE SHORTS, now I can't put it back in, well good thing for my LONG SHIRT.... lol
Let's see how many followers we can get from #NewYork and #Boston. It's a Siam Square Super Bowl. Who will win? Game on!
Love actually is all around us.Love Actually.
we'll be posting it soon :)
waking up 5 minutes after you normally leave for work - not a good way to start my day.
Really looking forward to the... really looking forward to tonight's 1rst table read of Bad Seeds...
When your friends fall asleep on you <<
just sent you a dm w/ contact info! thx again angel!
we will be seeing you soon for #JBR, December 10th!
they actually worked better for me together than they did in the individual movies.
it really isn't for me but I'd drink it with you
The only person in this life that can make you happy is you. Everyone else is just there for support in one way or the other.
you can do it! X
Elizabeth Edwards requiescat in pace
BITCH..CALL ME BACK..NOW! U GOT A PHONE NOW..SO USE IT....lol forreal call me
I'm broke. I just started working four days ago and don't get paid till the 11th. So nope.
let's do it! I'll email you to coordinate details.
So cool!!! Congrats!! This gonna be your post-school gig? Or more part-time?
aiiye , get your girl 2 more followers?
i didnt know there was a difference between cosby and the cosby show
RSVP: Our Stories Films
QWrap) Kevin - 4 work days left and NuggetHead Studioz is a full-fledged bonified full-time custom learning solutions company!
In my house
Next point scored will break all-time Rose Bowl scoring record. They just tied it, 80 combined points.
This is a great question. RT : Didn't I used to be on Mad Men?
wow! Love you too Ash sorry I don't tweet about roaches and mosquitos
Headin' to Vegas on the 24th. Hope to strike a deal and set up our vegas rental depot while we're there. www.prosetsgolf.com
It's a soggy night in Philly:
I'm getting old :(
RT : The resources of nature belong to all of us, yet a handful of people/corp.s have control over them. We must change this, & soon!
#Prop8 opinion interestingly limited to whether state can take away existing marriage right, doesn't say whether state can deny in 1st place
oh man, that's awesome
Post #SOTU analysis on with , Eliot Spitzer and -- That's entertainment!
hey #wcmia, thanks for great feedback on my responsive web design presentation today. Will be posting slides this afternoon
How about a $100 gift cert for a big juicy steak at 'The Met'? Oh yeah! Thank you for the gracious donation raffle!
Cigarette smoke contains over 4,000 chemicals including 43 known #cancer causing compounds & 400 other toxins
Bored -,- tweet me please.
hey !! I like the pumps, yes I am :)
It's oddly reassuring to see that as big and important as NYC is, there is still shitty art shows. (cc: )
It's such a joy being a #Cubs fan. What a joke.
Pepper spray needs to be illegal so I can enjoy peaceful walks late at night. (Cops can carry um why can't we)
Thanks for following! - for more news about bankruptcy, foreclosure, finance - "like" Lakelaw on facebook: www.tinyurl/lakelaw
um love-47 is a good summer score, not a tennis score.
Goal for next year: Humbition.
I love Italian in the North End.
This 60 Minutes piece is outstanding
I still dance at Broadway Dance Center in NYC and I'm going to restart my singing lessons soon (:
Thanks so much for the RT! We should work together on something sometime...
You're excited about this too right? =)
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #followMONDAY 3
Thanks Margo, had a ball.
RT : Got FAFSA questions? Now's your chance to ask us. Tweet your questions today w/ #AskFAFSA for Office Hours on 1/26 @ 4:30pm EST
RT : International Incident :~/
This flaws i've got,they're part of who i am,take me or not.... I WON'T CAMOURFLAGE FOR LOVE...
heh. But htere might be collateral damage
The Creedence bit at the end was great. I also liked the huge empty container of Twizzlers across from !
Grew up an MU fan, went to MU, lived six years in Lansing, married to a (grad school) Spartan. What can I say?
i have no idea how to use radicals
North Korea refuses to halt launch plan
A5: Be open-minded/think outside the box and remember this could lead to long-term support, donations, etc.
Currently writing my cover letter for my ASM interview in a week!!!
New Year, new esl potential! What do you hope to learn this new year?
is in San Antonio! What to do? So cold!
Susan Bennett: 1896 US Presidential election was birth of modern campaigning and money in politics
way to go, you ruined everything...lol
We do not know God by thinking, but by encountering. ~St. John of the Cross
i love your crazy ass too!
I-Idiot?
Man Thomas is standing on his head making saves tonight! Come on Canucks! Ya gotta figure him out.
Kevin Durant deserved MVP, but Lebron only got it cuz the media be riding his <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Love Me Or Hate Me. But Guess What? Bitch You'll Never Break Me!.
Hello TwitterVerse! Happy #FF! (I plan on catching up with all new follows & today :D ..Cheers!
We are shocked to learn that human trafficking is the 3rd largest &fastest growing criminal industry in the world
Glad you loved our PSA!
Can't I just eat sweets all day, every day?
I believe most Christians love God, but I don't believe most enjoy Him. Ron Moore Wow...
And Betemit 2. Every hit #Rangers Lewis has Allowed was a HR
You know what's annoying? When fans of a shitty team who aren't following you tweet stupid comments to you. Not worth my time.
“: Repost this tweet & fill in the blank for a chance to win: “I’d wear these #FreeShoeFriday wedges to the mall.””
Congrats to Curtis Blessing! He's the winner of 2nd Row Seats to Saturday's Stevie Nicks Concert at Jiffy Lube Live!
Watching the #Grammys but I don't know what I'm going to do at 9 when #DesperateHousewives comes on. :(
TXT US: Send us your question via SMS, to (713) 489-6208.
why did Alicia go home ugh she was my favorite
was there yesterday. such fun!
doing an unplugged rehearsal tonight which will be fun.
Happy Birthday, Cortney!! Have a great day!!!
I'm surprised she didn't just buy you a new lawn mower (I would have) ;-)
is it just the cost of an Indians ticket?
I'm waiting until the day you grow up.
whats bad with Romney that choose Perry for president ?
Yea I thought about Kang's. 11 would be fine. 10 would be pushin it.
Saw this last night and meant to write - well done! I've seen that book - it's a real puzzler! I'm glad they're digging in!
To our students, I want the EVMS diploma to be even more valuable in the future than it is today.
Just met and I'm already looking forward to your denouement.
Scientists have yet to explain how 300 people can be working at a Wal-Mart but only 4 registers will be open
I'm Der I see you
Do homework? Or take a nap?
I think the idea is they are more appealing to riders than tradit. buslines are... if we don't have buy in / usage it fails
Really enjoyed our time at yesterday. Thanks to everyone that stopped by and all your encouragement!
Normally idgaf about fashion but Gary Oldman walking Prada's 2012 Men's wear line in Milan was effing brilliant. Work it!
keep a look out for my new artist,YUNG LAZE AKA LIL FADE DOGG::17 n wrecks like a vet...slap YO SELF hoe!
Hard to believe this is my first real tournament since Borgata 2009 title. Great to be at Jax WPT for Event 1 !!! www.jaxpokerroom.com
Related to Q3. What are some of the top UX considerations for LBS? Context? Privacy? Helping biz get it? What is a system object?
i bet your excited :)
Nope. Not at all
unfortunately, im gonna have to agree with you -_- ;-P
Headed to Osgood, IN for the REMC concert this Saturday. Should be a fun time!
Great start to the week. Thank you for following me:
Last time PDX saw a 70+degree day? October 18, 2011. Bring on the weekend!!
Be more specific, this is every hour at CVG. It was empty for me at 2 pm on a Saturday afternoon. Enjoy Aruba!
The person that says they love you the most can be the one to hurt you the most.
After studying for the mock exam a little bit. I'm going to go to sleep, get up a little bit earlier tomorrow morning, & study a bit more :)
We are thrilled to see what does next! congrats on Lauren Ambrose indie spirit nom!!!
Cespedes would have been a great pickup to add in the middle of the O's order and would have created the best outfield in baseball
In honor of 's National Womens Health Week partnership, follow !
Looking forward to hosting #PDRofSEWI Ethically Speaking insurance CE in Oshkosh tomorrow.
Amazing quote, I love it! RT : I genuinly believe that the first step toward entrepreneurship is hating your job. Check.
scream and break out. I never wear clothes to bed
Yes i am! ok good. haha Yea im most probably not going to the Concert in Atlanta now...its like 4 hours away. and i can't
A Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering is a four-year program, though it's common for students to opt to do it in five.
I'm shocked!! Utterly surprised beyond anything! The horror!
Today will be a shitty day.
Just drank my first coca cola in a long while. Unsurprisingly, it's still crack corncane. Anyone have a car they want me to lift?
Like the first 30 seconds of a good rap song.
I think everybody ought to get rich and famous and do all that they ever imagined so they could notice that it is not the answer.
": -watching Bruce Almighty crackin up."...( lol thats my movie right there)
Thank you, sweetheart. I felt that from here. :)
Presented by Little Kings Cream Ale, comedian Kevin Downey Jr. will be performing tonight at ! Doors open at 7:30 for cocktails!
we're stopping to smell the Lantana. Happy day.
Things will probably turn out all right. But sometimes it takes strong nerves just to watch.
RT : &quot;: Loyal #Dbacks fan is getting kicked out of Coors for throwing back #Rockies HR ball. #RepresentAZ #GoDbac ...
RT : "Humorless feminist" - a woman who doesn't laugh when you say something that's not funny.
Now we have to hear about Emily's baggage. Ugh. At least her hair color is changed
happy bday handsomee hope you had a lovely day hun<U+30C3>
Just close your eyes and enjoy the roller coaster that is Life :) x
See you guys at 7:30 in front of Lau!
so how is he an animal? lol
thank you<3(:
In remember the last NYG/49er playoff game in 227. That's when I realized how hardcore you were! Good luck today-- sort of.
May Whitney rest in peace, and my condolences for her family & friends!
A #writer is someone who can make a riddle out of an answer. ~Karl Kraus
Apparently, Danny R. is no bestie of mine. :(
Oh yeah, and have a lot of fun exploring.
#Things cloud sync working well so far… thanks for the beta invite!
Mark, thanks for the RT on my son in the navy!!!
Cool a day off today and once again didn't really sleep in...time for coffee then a little downtown afternoon boozin?!
With Andy Cohen at the Castro
darlin yes I'm but we have sold out the lussekatter more tomorrow but if u still want a coffee come by darling 28th park Ave
MISS YOU BUDDY!<3
Calling all #Bartenders & Cocktail Servers! Attend our casting call tomorrow 11:00AM-1:00PM and help Roger open up the new Parlour in June!
Revisiting 9/11 I wonder how it is possible for the internal "hatesmanship" that seems to now flourish between us to have take root again?
OH: I want to take a cab from ORD to Columubus, OH
Enjoy it thru the 97 commercials!
I'd be that happy if i looked like that in a white dress.
okc.... Any damn body except for them damn Lakers
use a damn phone people! Also: group mms, it exists!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
both of us are obv working tonight. Stop in and see the new shirts. Spoiler, they're not orange.
Still got this runny nose going...
Steve-O!
Just left the MU Rec center
I feel like I was kicked in the gut. What an awful way to end a great season. Ugh.
Go follow
hmm I'm pretty sure all signs point to lauderdale was playing when i touched jer
Thanks much for the follow; we appreciate it!
I don't understand the big hoopla about Michelle Obama since she isn't the first, First Lady to have influence Nancy Reagan did. Gotta run.
will keep her in my prayers
is packedd! Not bad for its first night back.
Hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday season! C+S is busy busy and will be making some big moves this week! More info to come...
According to sources flowers will be placed at Dick Clarks Hollywood Star today at 3:30 p.m. at the corner of Sunset & Vine.
Psalm 21:13 Be exalted in your strength, LORD; we will sing and praise your might.
ugh, seriously!
passed TX State & laughed because were #NationalChampions & y'all are still Bobcats
So I just saw the Mary J Blige burger king commercial...um what's the big deal? I don't see anything racist about it.... :-/
Thanks for RTs !
What's all the hype about at Lake Bluff? Well 11 sales in just two weeks is what! Check us out! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Have y'all heard the song with mike epps 2chainz and future lmmfao
Nice moment for the rook
I am so proud of the 2012 class of #FutureMusicMoguls + can't express how rewarding this experience has been! Thank you! :-)
I just read a tweet that said RIP Osama Bin Laden. I'm not convinced this person knows what R.I.P. stands for.
Beans and toast is the new taco bell. Good for post-drinking bout only.
Good morning all. Thank you for your follows:
It's the packing and moving that's not so fun lol
please follow us and send us a DM with your primary domain name so we can take a look at the issue. ^SW
We will be back to it on Monday at Sunset and Valley View. Tuesday we will at Sunset and Arville. Across from Color Graphics!
Why is the sky so big?
Don't waste your time! Conservatives only come out at night because their arguments are F'n nuts like they are! Sleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
yeah I was grimacing at some of that, she rambled a little bit, but I did like her 5 benefits points.
is so handsome and talented. #saysomethin is really good. xx
no problem(: I hope I get to see you at SpringleBall , and I hope you win(:
you're meant to save the world from eternal damnation. :-)
Strong #RedEye mind powers: spotted on the street from just the _back_ of his head (& startled him a bit). 'll be happy.
Rough night?
no! Red.
It is a Linkin Park kind of day
So when do the G-Men take a punter?
lmao, but I thought you liked it.?
Less anguish for you if you kill everyone you admire.
: found a reservation for tonight. But great idea. (The whole place cld exist just for the maple budino.)
You could spot a n-n-n-needle in a hay st-st-st-stack.
"Faith is taking the first step, even when you don't see the whole staircase." ~ Martin Luther King Jr
Yep, following along with your tweets
Doesn't feel like a Saturday at all!
what's pop'n 2nite?
I was like, "Hey! That's Matt Johns!" I got excited. Sorry for the crappy picture. I took like 6 and they all sucked. Haha
can I keep you? (:
Will do :)
I'm in a sea of balding middle aged men!
yeah i know. how are you?
I agree completely Marty
Oh these girls?? They must be supermodels!! What are you modeling?? gloves??
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump Same Old Song -
#LessAmbitiousFilms Half Plastic Vest
#12NTC starts today! I have no idea what I'm in for :)
It's been very special for us...hope yours was wonderful too.
I haven't payed for a video game in so long
thanks! I did it! Packed class:) had my mess ups but got right through it!!
completely correct. Doesnt change that u get 4 yrs out of ur studs rather than 1 & done which has made todays mens gm weak
Thanks for the retweets!
Hey everybody there plzzzz follow me cause I need people for next year when I do xfactor so help a friend out. (:
Riding in a PT Cruiser owned by This experience has changed my life.... : )
RT : Voldemophobia: The fear of having no nose.
he needs to get singed like asap! his voice is AMAZING! and i loved it when he sang pray :'( that songs amazing<U+2665>
Have heard frm friend in DC that ppl seriously injured by roof avalanches. If, and when, we go back out, beware of this danger.
No not yet. Roof is gone at the elementary school in Forney. They were sheltering in place. On way now.
make the pitcher and hitter a team. You get 20 pitches to hit as many as u can, no takes.
Scott Walker, who has raised 66% of funds from out-of-state, says he rejects the special interests. Sure dude.
Happy #FF to some of my favorite local pubs:
didn't get to chapter 19 in To kill a mocking bird. only Chap. 17. EPIC FAIL
do any of these let you bring your dog?? That would be the best coworking space!
you already know <U+E056>
Ahaha, no, it's really ohkay. Thanks though.
s/o for being my best friend
woah, represent! So I kept getting logged out in the middle of my application without any warning. That was really frustrating.
stupid thats what i said ight fuu get at me im sitting in front of you lets go broo.!!
like who lol
Remember the christening gift I finally decided on for Sun? Post office lost it. Says they delivered it Sat but surprise nothing at office
#Archer FX rocks love archer...
haha yes! how are you?
Getting ready to go have lunch. This weather is nice. Weekends go by so fast
Because its a fantastic record, that's why. ;-)
I need to say my morning prayer and meditate
That mini heart attack you have when you almost fall off your bed. Yeah just had one.
So we finally have a merch person follow her ! She's
#WFSAScriptTip you don't have to grab the audience in the 1st page but be sure YOU GRAB THEM! No one wants to buy a story thats passive
What's more exciting than the Super Bowl? Putting out a house fire during it!
Marathon expo in Boston was first class. Then lunch at the barking crab was outstanding. Now just relaxing and watching the kids play.
Second Cup Of Coffee Today So I Won't Pass Out While Studying & Doing Hw <- Sad Life Of A Hiqh Schooler Tht Actually Gets Good Grades ^_^
y'all are welcome haha I hope it was enjoyable lol
Think Simon is sending Caitlyn home and keeping Tiah.
Thanks to Tyler from ABQ HP for giving a presentation on ASP.NET MVC. It was a great presentation and the live development rocked!
Love is like dew that falls on both nettles and lilies.
i am now addicted to just dance 3
photoshop can only make an OK girl look OKer...u aint bad...
now if I can get rid of this #migraine - just might go out tonight ... need to celebrate winning that ...
In 2012, I will wear my seatbelt more often if I am driving or riding.
Per the Colts have entered the Manning lottery. Peyton will be visiting Colts facilities Saturday. Could be a game changer.
I missed you girl :') ! Hurry up & come back. </3
Fully rested and ready...
WHAT KIND OF VOLCANO IS THIS?
lol I'm not but my teacher said to be there by 12:30
bah! I clearly have not been paying attention.
Done. Problem is I get overloaded with SmartMatches for people who are already well known. And I hate to be rude and not confirm
Downpour during walk to work = wet pants all day.
your just upscale ghetto
Every line from Maggie Smith is a pure delight. Yes, finally I get it. Better late than never.
“: it's hot dude- I can tweak it to make it even better site if you r ready for an upgrade!
Agreed new iPad not life changing upgrade from iPad 1. Like smaller form factor of Kindle Fire for books. Keeping it
same here!!!!
Make sure you check into on at your next show. The mayor gets awesome goodies!
lol sorry just trying to help u have a good time
You should look at the moon right now
That awkward moment when is creeping and you have nothing clever to say... EVERYTIME.
my biological clock is switchin.. late nights again.
I did.. I'm bad!! Lol have a great day!!
I'm one of those "It's gotta happen... NOW" kinda guys haha it's so frustrating at times!
That's Direct Messaged not Damned! LOL
You looking for a job or volunteer opp? I'll keep my ears perked for both. :)
But my boy did work so it's all good haha
I'm off to bed night -owner(:
Haha!! Coming back home off a W! Way to play boys! #PacerNation 1-1, gonna be tough to beat us with EVEN officiating MIA!
I love Margot & the Nuclear So & So's!
Fringe Fest coming to Rochester
What? I can't hear you. I'm at my desk, buried underneath a large pile of spring election materials. I'll see you sometime after April 3, k?
Still dreaming about pear & brie salad I had there in Jan RT : English Rose Tea Room Carefree AZ. Best ever.
sorry i stopped watching the game, not sure who won haha
My sleeping schedule is so fucked up.
Hey , I'm ready for a skype chat whenev. Can we get and on this too? Is that the plan?
The miss red and black pageant is in 2 days! Get your tickets!
Stopping by for dinner this weekend. Chef Taylor is a culinary genius. I always have fun at The Southern.
RT Today I was a nurse and yesterday I was a heroin addict and tomorrow I will be a mommy. Only in the world of #acting!
Random fact the Hollis Deli is worth a million dollars.. Shouts to low and them..
Lord, God hear my cry. I want your purpose and your great change over my life~BAMM.
Loved watching Weaver embrace his teammates after no hitter. Great that his parents were in stands!
I sell cars & I like cars but cars are not my passion. My passion is for serving people.
#Halloween almost here - #Patriots are already scaring me!
Back to the grind after #bigOmaha Time to innovate and make #ecommerce simpler! Thanks for a great show
I could go for some Asanka Locals!
Lol bacon has a song about twilight
Awesome days in Old Town Greenwood...served a ton of hot dogs...see you at KMart in Greenwood tomorrow ...
what u up 2
U forgot one thing your also gay!
A hole has been found in the nudist camp wall. The police are looking into it.
just put on some clothes .. about to go get me soke crawfish !!!
Im on that get right get right and I'm not talking about drugs or alcohol.. Nope just that get right called
fireworks... the store and pyrotechnics.
Well done city....
jewelry store, cheater.
Ppl have told me how encouraged they were to see other parents speaking out against sexualized books in public schools.
Gross RT : Nice and slow <3
no need to apologize to Mitt, you're allowed to have your own views.
Jose, aren't you a raging alcoholic too?!
Other non Chiefs I loved growin up, Rod Woodson, Greg Lloyd, Kevin Green, Deion Sanders, Barry Sanders (even tho I think he's overrated)
yuhpp uncle key stood me up this weekend lmfaoo I hope he enjoyed his bday tho
Lol you dumb !
": Hey, old people, what's with the constant chewing?" -making sure their teeth are still there
5?! Jeez they're trying to get you on the way out haha
Please follow His twats have been nothing but gold and his twatter life has only been a few weeks.
“: focus on the family hurts children!” exactly!
The halftime performance has been the official restroom break, smoking break and just break from the game and commercials! Thanks FCC! LOL!
RT : game play more accurately reveals the intentions and goals the the players.
Snow-bust: we got maybe 3 inches. Failure of interactive maps or over-communicated?
you gave me the wrong number.
listening to packer collegiate school on toulouse st wharf. swingin and groovin between natchez cruises
-Pleasure meeting and chilling with you folks when we were out west. Keep grinding and doing your thing! Until next time...
Congrats to Bad Nuze for ' Game We Play' charting #121 on the Top National 200 and #39 on The Top 40 Independant Charts the week ending 3/…
<U+E035>You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him<U+E346>
Will be grateful for the day I have a computer screen to work with instead of a tiny blackberry screen.
funny. Hey we can't all be cool like
you might be onto a new TV craze... Get that into prime time!
single strand? isn't that just.. a coil?
Can you make sure to get them to someone else? Sorry, can't switch for another game.
human being. Diversity, Stocks, Global exchange, Health Care, Energy efficiency, equality, law, morality, justice, liberty, innovation, swag
So happy to be home and no more travel for a week!
Whoa the guy I accidentally slammed into the rack getting my Lips Lp just showed up at this show. Win.
You like who you like sexuality shouldnt matter
This was never the way I planned, not my intention!
$2.3M cut from runaway/homeless youth services? NO! Get your hands off it. 3800 kids 200 beds NYC. Add100 beds/year
Thanks for your rapid re-tweet!
No violence. But if necessary, I'll cut a ho!
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns.
are you in BTR season 3?
Day at the beach with little sisters was just the little mini vacation I needed... Maybe I should plan them more often?
Because Mormonism is not against same-sex marriage? #Romney is a rich Bishop who thinks same-sex marriage is anti-business.
Nailed today's column. Thank you! Gotta Believe!
hello. Thank u for the info. The tweet you rec'd was from an automated service. Not me personally. My apologies :)
homework and chores. yay thursday.
Well that was anticlimactic...maybe he should have gone with the non-crazy chick
ahaha no problem, there's one that says "Cramps After Period" or something like that...
I find that I keep wanting to comment on people's facebook things but then I think of the millions of notifications I'll get on my iphone...
Sorry Charlie, but that movie sucked, not the Seals fault obviously but Dam, filmed training exercises would have been better
hey(: how are you?
Walker is destroying lives – our neighbors, family, friends. He is a puppet for Koch & Alec.
Watching Jeopardy! with Viggle Wed | 7:30PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Of course Obama is going to beat Romney. But then again, a Dan Quayle/Joe Biden ticket could beat Romney. It's not an accomplishment.
After 7 hours, finally finished that skeptic bullshit
Today feels like a Granville Moore's kinda day. Makes me miss DC!! And all my DC loves...especially and
omg I'll call & leave a message& you can listen to it forever
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
Super Sleeper Ontario Christian defeated Brentwood, 55-54 making a shot at the buzzer.
You're kidding me. This is the 4th bus that has driven by...
morning and i just wanna get drunk. get me the fuck outa this office
The girl I marry has to know how to sing. I've always wanted to do a duet w/my future wife and write songs together. :-)
Looks like my tweets about thr trip have been stored... some kind of google security thing.. ah google. well here the, some a few days past.
we are cool! What do you mean dramatic! I had drama too
do it big! #stuidogangsters “: HUGE day tomorrow. I should be in bed, but theres to much going on to be tired. #outworkeveryone!”
RT of you say bless you when someone coughs.
If Kyle leaves, I'm blowing things up.
Amazing! Congrats, friends! RT : We are close to 500,000 followers! Stay tuned for a thank you gift to be announced later today!
You are the bomb! Can't wait to follow you!
that and a growling grill cook is bad for business lol Eh. money is money though
everyone keeps telling me I ned to do this twitter thing, so im gunna try iy
heh knee starts to throb as I inject belly. I'm sure that's not psychosomatic at all.
xxoxo great piece!
you're bringing me back home guys! thanks for that. xox
"Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident." LOL, saw this quote on today. What are the odds?
These allergies have me about to forget myself for a minute. UGGH! Sudafed, Claritin, Flonase UGGHH!!!!
Obama’s staff got raises of 8 percent, more than double for regular Americans. But to be fair, many will be unemployed next November..
Everyone should follow my new #hockey blog:
9/28/43: Jews of Rome temporarily forestalled their deportation by delivering, after frantic effort, 50 kilograms of gold to the Gestapo
"Beautiful Dreamer" on repeat kinda morning...
Alejandro De Aza is what Juan Pierre would be if Juan Pierre actually had talent.
Although Ive been hurt I still remain strong. You think I have regrets? Well, youre wrong.
i dreamt quite sweetly though :)
piece of shit
come on in and warm yourself up with a sweet new tattoo or fancy new piercing on this chilly friday the 13th!
Judy Moody should've prepared me for this.
Because we do know all the lyrics...and ad libs...even when she takes her breaths...!
Wow, the Cowboys suck!
haha this some judge judy shit.. hahah duck supports gotta be cheap
I saw the Eflux today and thought of you.
“: Oh, you have 'the real' in front of your twitter name? Glad I found you, there's so many impostors.” awks hi...
why? Only losers cut. So be a winner and be stronger than that
Feeling famous !
I never miss a episode! If I'm not home I'll record it! One of my guilty pleasures!
My north face keeps getting caught on this bong piece.
Go Woody!
Kay good!
Pine Trees Soap & Green Cactus Soap are both back in stock at all of our online shops!
Pissed off at the moment. Hopefully, #Raw should help improve that.
Thanks, Will :) Wishing you all a good weekend~
You're insecure, Don't know what for,You're turning heads when you walk through the door...
“: Is it too early for me to be this drunk?” No.
#COSIGN lol RT : oh i know the feeling lmao...never again...regular funnions it is
The Cost of Love and Care is known only at the time of Loneliness...!!!
Got an acting coach today. Polishing the old skills to have killer auditions.
I opened the door for people to let unload on u. The kid was doing his job & be thankful he wasn't rude. #can't win! Lol
Let the Lemon Grove City Council meeting begin!
- We're hiring! Know of any upcoming or recent grads looking for a job in the music biz? Please pass along our info! Thanks!
Only about 13.83% of all content on the Internet today is translated into Asian languages.
You are correct & I thank you for pointing that out. I will add it today.
The view of Corey Hart's second home run from my seats, which are sensational, was quite good.
You're welcome.
Thanks for such a rousing #FF!!! Do you manage to get to Coventry very often?
ElPolloRey, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Volunteer Center of Milwaukee Inspire by Example 30th Anniversary Celebration, Thurs Apr 12 11am to 1pm at the Italian Community Center!
That's Right Baby!! U bess believe ;)
Counting down the days for my new camera...
I hate the feeling when you have to say goodbye to someone you want to spend every minute with.
Indeed! Or sooner, if my wife can land an interview at Dartmouth...
Corny feels loved. Thanks for following him!
Remember, no matter what life throws your way, situations change. Just keep looking up. That is where all your help comes from.
If you tell her " I love you " and her response is "thanks" you might have a problem lol
Thank you so much you were FABULOUS this evening! Moderator= ROCKED!
Had some kick ass Thai lettuce wrap "tacos" tonight. Amazing how fitness and diet turn things around.
Ha im being followed by 280 people.
Three buff teens standing around in the men's room awkwardly file out when I enter. Wh...what did I just interrupt
michelle what did you go to school for?
Hell yea!
Tax collector RT Before he was a disciple, Matthew was a _____what?
your Tai! Of course you can!!
HAVING LUNCH WITH MY BABYGIRL TINKY WATCHING ALVIN & THE CHIPMUNKS CHIPWRECKED!!!! SHE IS SPOILED ROTTEN!!!
singing Tupac verbatim...makes me smile. Thanks
RIP Mamaw. Everyone has their time. Make urs worth it
Yes I do.
O that looks sososoo good! Gimme a piece? (; and congrats on ur confirmation! What saint name did u pick?! :)
#Dodgers officially sold by Frank McCourt to Guggenheim Baseball Management.
then what am I? Lol
Sorry I'm late to this party... All I have to say is Boo!
“: “Hi, my name is Jackie. I’m a drug addict. Blow me.” –Jackie” Love this show
great!! How are you?..have a great day!!
Gonna chant Brock Olivo outside of your window when voting opens.
Because of this inconvenience called a #heart I might still film the GGB protest to make sure the people I care about don't get hurt.
actuporg Thanks for following...
#awkwardmoment cop comes and you arnt wearing pants
Great mtg w/Georgia & Rod from ! Check out www.artslant.com, an amazing website for the global art scene.
Barbosa aint SCARED that's what i'm talking about, just give the ball TODAY to West and Barbosa, then we good.
Oh, I've seen those before. They are neat! Like my single line slate too.
tweet tweet
Yes I have. A mess right?
Hey go see my Facebook cover photo
true, but Bissinger seemed to be arguing at times that they are a fantastic alternative to college sports.
They talkin... I'm on my phone! This is such a bullshit class
I had no money today or I would have
Was it a car or a cat I saw? #palindromes who's got a good one??
Just be on the go.
Thinking about Law School? Meet at tomorrow's MidAtlantic PreLaw Conference at Howard in Armour Univ. Center, 9-4pm
don't waste that margarita mix, drink it. I promise it will feel much better after drinking it instead of icing it
"I always apologize when I'm in the wrong, it's a hobby of mine"
Thanks for the DM, dude!
You guys should probably hire her, then.
I know he didn't bring me this far to leave me.
double down DVD and cd showed up in mail today. Check these guys out.
(Now my partner won't let go of "research findings." Gave me java stating, "Research finds Heather Corinna much happier w/coffee.")
I like her
Bouta chief one!!
F.I.S.H. - Fuck It Shit Happens.
Invitation code to CraftLaunch: CL-KBNFFF ...Good for the first 20 people
Playing #POOL with some niggas
ya miss my friends....but of course I have lots of homework
MT Snyder: MI reinvention means supporting a system where 100% of our kids are college & career ready
I WANT TO INTERN FOR YOU!!!!!!
One of my favorites just showed up on my TL. Hope you're well & hope Tahiti rocked. Try Cook Islands next. Great beaches/no crowds.
There's gonna be times when Twitter blocks 'Justin Bieber' from trending. This is what I tell them... Bustin Jieber.
Cool tools breed cool presentations. And mediocre tools (let's say, p-o-w-e-r-p-o-i-n-t) breed mediocre presentations.
you guys are funny =P
Dear you know who you are... That shit is shady as hell. Not cool!
A bootcamp sounds great
Just got up .... Very early for me though
Read Sally Perkins experience about developing and performing a story for the Frank Basile Emerging Stories, www.storytellingarts.org/blog
Are you following all your favorite trucks? Check out
i keep putting SAY SOMETHIN' on repeat. its AMAZING
Former #Ducks TE David Paulson drafted in 7th round by Steelers. 240th overall.
wow thanks -_-
curious to know who Kalinda's husband is
That it is! I started that today too, ready for a good nights rest after all the hard work. :)
Dear Dodger Fans: Magic Johnson is a figurehead for the new owners. He's not making financial decisions and did not lower parking himself
UWM is canceling classes that begin at 4 p.m. or later today, Tuesday, Feb. 1 and all classes on Wednesday, Feb. 2.
I haven't seen my family or close friends in five months I miss them!
So cute www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJnrtoGDjPY
#sixwords - you mean the world to me
At the dentist with my son. Sucks to b him right now.
Our Companies 50th Celebration is today! Phillips Event Center in Austin TX, from 3-7pm! Be there
Getting ready to launch our unit with second graders today. To start, we're drawing conclusions using Owney related clues.
some actually cheered a vicious cross-check that hurt an opposing player. He was ok, thankfully, but I just shook my head.
Couldn't "84 visits" (if true) be result of computer browser refreshing pages or going "back" to page?
I didn't throw you away.. I thought you threw me away... That I didn't matter to you.. Because why would u want me???
Dyingg my hair and getting my nails done nextweek! Summer here i come ?!
Time to be creative.
Allready got you!!!
#WhyDoIAlways eat like a donkey :'(
Thx for the RT , the super kind words and thx for adding me to a list
yeah i need Kobe to actually have his head in the game today
what the heck? no. no. I was making a joke cause of a show were watching. Wisconsin. D:
We are just absolutely blown away by all the pictures for the MODEL SEARCH! Keep them coming!!! This competition is getting good! :)
My baby just called me <3
f you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen
It feels good to get on twitter and see new followers when u havent get on for the longest
i knew that ! haha jk.. my first year at a Lutheran school ( :
RT : Got a kid that plays football? Check out USA Football's new website: www.usafootball.com. Great resource, great stuff.
you beautiful person you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Respect my come up
everyday at da arena
I can get on board with that. But I am also prioritizing catching up on 30 rock & doing some writing for fun
is one microscopic ass nigga who resides in my pocket all day every day!
It feels like u hate me even more...
Canada :) Quebec :)
No one texts me anymore ):
I had a boyfriend break up with me because i was grounded for 2 weeks and couldnt hang out with him.
I love it!
:( my aliens always fail to help me out
really really wanting this new job
Rumors floating around that Texas A&M AD Bill Byrne may soon be bought out. Interesting timing given recent SEC move.
lol seriously u wit one right now
Please Lead & Guide Me from this day forward... Never the less, Not My Will but Thine Will Be Done!!!!
maybe you should just let him do it?
it's been too long! I have a client referral for your friends at LatinWorks - can you point me to the right person?
did you go to prom?
Emulate This! ... The New Name of Our Company. ;-)
#3importantwords I LOVE YOU
It's normal for a Major League team to have 1.1 errors per game... right? Thats only around 180 errors in a season.
Concrete creates affordable climate-appropriate termite-proof housing in the economically challenged tropics.
Shout Out to my new follower :D
epic game right here. this one's a must win.
Just you or us?? We come as a set...they need to know that!!! lol
i never understood wen ppl said "dnt do things wen you mad" ?? like i would fukk yo car up, break up wit you.....etc if i was happy!!!
THERE we go! i was close. ;)
pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. pink flamingos, penguins in pajamas. ITS THE CIRCLE OF LIIIIIIFFFFE.
it gets better I guess, idk We all have different taste
Storytelling. No digital library without the mathematician Alan Turing.
Sometimes I wish you were worth my time, but your not.
God believes and realizes whatevers he's in, eventually it will be successful.
Anyone else remember the badass ROH videos That Wrestling Show used to put out before the PPVs? Yeah, they should get him to do more.
Can hardly wait to go to the Indiana State Fair..not sure when I'll go yet..but it's my favorite event of the entire year.
: Amazing. That's a site idea for someone, somewhere. A compendium of amazing Internet connections.
Where you at G?? Probably in the studio making that real N music/on Duncan Block! U should have won best male artist
Have an interview on Sunday for an extra bullshit summer job that's gonna make me extra car money
Ok i'm so relaxed right now.. i dont get it
baking a chicken and stoked because 24 starts tonight!
RT A little exercise will do for now..the best thing now is,i got a flu..perfect timing man!!!
I wanna b your Princess ur everything <U+2665>
RT : Making fall semester or quarter #StudyAbroad plans? Make them with us and come to Ecuador!
High expectations... Let's see(:
Omg.. You were depressed? Jenna! Well I hope your feeling okay!
did you roast them in anything special ? Spices ?
Interface for Latino art archive is really friendly and looks gorgeous! - what software is that?
If im angry, I tend to tweet alot. I apologize in advance. Lol
Just realized I did not do the Carlton once last night. we gotta go back!
DesignALandsca1 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
well I hope you are planning on learning how to fight
i wont give up on you even if the skys get rough im giving you all my love cause i know ypur worth it<3 Please follow<3?
#liber2011 Planning to contact subject teams who teach info literacy, seek to correlate hours of lib instruction with attainment.
She's so old her voice went out on her when she was teaching! Hah
haha not this again
S/0 for still doin it n putting on for
The trees are sparkly white, like tree princesses.
#iGetRealMadWhen i see a stupid trending topic like this one -.-
Brand new Jamie Sadock group just hit the floor! Visit the #Golf Shop for all your on and off course
Gotta get my fix.RT #Brewers exhibition game Monday night (8:30 CST) at Giants will be televised by MLB Network.
What's your favorite place to stay when you visit Sin City??
What time & channel does KY bball play tomorrow??
Hated by many, wanted by plenty, disliked by some, confronted by none.
I'm a master of brevity.
Emma seems like a cool person but her + Rob on screen together, eh... too much awkwardness RT LOL WHY?
Thank you to everyone who entered or tweeted about my blog contest! Y'all are the best!
You did great tonight. Keep it up for the rest of the reg season, the playoffs and beyond :]
Don't even try to act like we are friends. I do not like you, it's that simple.
Hi all! Happy Friday! The most productive day of the week for us! How was your week?
thank you!!!
I am beginning to like riding on the trainer during the "winter" (we're having a winter this year?); good for after-work relaxation
Awesome, thanks for the update. Jazz and festivities are always a welcome combination
I wanna dress up and take pics in Soho.
I hope the cavaliers don't find out that I dropped a couple brownies!!!! XD
too late. Haha.
Yeah. RT : i use to talk to all day everyday....till he started to hate me :(
LifeVine Works wishes its supporters, friends and youth participants a happy holiday season!
thanks for the shout out ! XoXo
Good morning beautiful people. ;)
Sounds awesome! RT : Making black lager-provencal herb sausage. With homemade beer. At Inovasi this week!!
Same here--good times. The Farewell Food Tour is a success so far.
Play A-rod till he breaks down!!! His bat sucks but at least he can field
College Planning Workshop in Rancho Bernardo tonight. See you there!
AH My other #Yankees Shirts are Dirty !!! -__- So Mad. I guess I'll just wear my jersey & a tank top under.
Was trynna tweet somethin else....where did it go?
Anyone an expert with OneNote?
where in Texas?
So glad I've changed & it's feel so good to be DRAMA FREE!
His backup dancers were so close to sucking his dick on national telivision. May god be with them. Amen.
right on!
Ite cool. Let me know.
Aw, I didn't think it would actually snow... but my dog will be happy, too! lol
Not sleeping when you want to sux! This lifetime movie is no good.
Then I saw you in the music video "I'm not the same girl" I was like, bitches that's Brandy! I really wanted you to win. <3
miami is looking real good right about now.. Smh
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) :P
More hugs. xoxo
An apple a day keeps the dentist away. Or makes the gums bleed.
Happy to hear! RT Really informative session from on sports&social media Lots of New ideas
A beautiful message of hope and peace for the world and everybody in it, Hilary Downey said.
I'm glad you can get laughter off my pain lol. It's ok though.
I don't think you like me as much as I like you. But that's ok because I just want to see you happy.
have u left sd sir?
*hardcore #british accent* I'm not laying on the floor tonight. "What are these curtains going to do? Im on the floor." ;P
twice, right?
fully agree. 35-second shot clock is the worst rule in sports. Also, college players just aren't very good at basketball
Ok im back my mom was using my phone and she talks FOR HOURS
Bout to retire my jersey at Kroger.
i need a new icon... but le to ugly to take a good picture
I'm a fan of Bernie Sanders although I think it's a lost cause within my lifetime
i love how all the adults on my facebook stalk me and tell my mom whatever i say...deleting you.
only half of the groups did the project, and those not very well. Lots of off task behavior, little motivation, some fighting
Even God makes mistakes.. I mean look at your face
I'd love to be living in London!
will need to see that! MS daughter possible future high school!
its never too late for masturbation...
Spiderman: Who's 100% in? THIS GIRL
Annoyed at 99% of everything and everyone. So yes, I'm probably annoyed at you.
My ear hurt
If you think you are a sports fan, you should check out
Making some Twitter progress THANK YOU SO MUCH for the new follows! Ask away if you have real estate questions :)
Reflecting in bed, sweating my ass off, listening to animals. Love you Miss you mucho/thinking of your positivity
Hi Aaron! Thanks for the RT!
Talk candy in my ear. c;
a sad story
Jump on the bamdwagon, you arent worth anything alone.
I'm sorry :-( I do not like taking pills either but sometimes I have no choice. Low pain tolerance.
#NP "wild boy" yea Bitch, yea Bitch
Donald you deserve the finals with Peta!! Good luck!
Lol i gt 50 more tweets
The English Beat this weekend!! love the Belly up in Solana Beach, what a great venue!!
Happy Mother's Day! Give your mother a hug today!
#DearOomf , stop sending me followback mentions ! I see that you followed me !
I'm on my way to Nashville to play in the IHG golf tourney...look forward to seeing you!
On The Phone With Jessica <3333333333
Found it on my U drive. Guess I'm the unofficial keeper of CUNA history. Lol. Wait until u see some of the others!
Yep yep!
Coming up at 6 on a woman survives an overnight fire in St. Paul.
Thank you all for following us! We are looking forward to seeing you on our pages. We are International Job Board. www.joborworker.com
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and 5 minutes to ruin it. If you think about that you will do things differently. - Warren Buffet
Our sincere condolences to the Lance family on the tragic loss of their son, Montana.
Is anyone else having a hard time waking up this morning. I guess I need some coffee.
My dad is telling me not to yell...and the game hasn't even started yet!
^ “In the greatness of your majesty you threw down those who opposed you. °You unleashed your burning anger; it consumed them like...
BTW, Jacob's Ladder could use a tune-up.
man I hope! No plans as of now but I'll need to talk to Ali about it. London is going to be wild in summer right?
Glad you enjoyed it!
#OOMF loves his momma… and for $19.95, you can love her too!
Pretty fuckin sure I deserve at least breakfast bought for me. Oh, yeah! Pancakes. Yum. Can't wait for tomorrow morning :D
Hello from a fan! Saw you in Three Days of Rain at SCR! It's a great play. Loved the character shift from first act to second
You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -Dale Carnegie
now followiung follow her doe!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I am so thankful for all the wonderful people in my life. You are all such blessings! Let's eat!
no list required - I'll send you the FB invite, bring a $10 donation, and just come.
$ELEV support looking as solid and strong as their product catalog. Looking long and strong going into summer!
"Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'" MLK... what are you doing to love up your world today?
What a great finish! Now I'm even more excited to go to tomorow night's Brewers game!
Bye bye Pittsburgh.. bye bye Asham d-bag
is dancing the robot to gang of four
a Day Late: My fav. Gave it to my sisters when we lost our mom. RIP L Bernice Miller
#sowing RT : RT My dude got fired from McDonalds for sowing a Champion logo on his apron
“: Purchase a $200 and record the vocals for free!”< or
you know you have our vote for #obama2012, can we get a follow for the new year?
my shoulders are burnt so bad :(
Friday fire sale on Rhino Magic #WeightLoss ! Buy 2 boxes get 10 days free!
I'll be discussing TAPE with Kathleen Hays on Bloomberg Radio Fri 9/9 Playwright Steve Belber will be with me: www.bloomberg.com/radio
love it :) ya outfits were smoking hot
Remember to purchase your Hairspray tickets! Show is Saturday and Sunday
You did well! Why do you think it wasn't good?
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today?! Let me know -- TWEET at me!
Joe Mahoney is literally the only player left at A that is a "prospect". That is about the most non-exciting team ever.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
saying #Broncos are serious players for Manning. Good reporter, but color me skeptical.
Some one take me to school please!!!!??!?
THANK YOU! :-) So excited!
very fun :)
Are you guys showing at NAMM? I'll be there, I would love to connect.
designing a pipe wrench favicon 16x16 is tiny
Cried three times tonight
Touch down Giants baby!!!
Thanks so much ! We love playing in Chatt. It's one of the coolest cities in the southeast for sure. We'll be back real soon
Listen to Principal of the Year finalist Gary Baird talk about the joy of being principal of Lead Mine Elementary bit.ly/q7Yp7N
so are you going to dallas to party or do you have a ticket to the game?
Commission is discussing setting a process for the approval of draft maps.
Did they take traveling out the rule book?
Bucyrus Plaque Unveiling at Heritage Place September 24th 11AM
oh babe u got the good stuff good lips
5 lbs Korean Short Ribs (Gal-Bi) finishing their marinade and getting ready the fire.
I'm blessed and Highly favored :)
come with
just gotta hope for the best
RT Wow. has the best twitter picture of all time.
love this!!!
haha, thank you!
Wass up luv yuh guyz hope i can b the #mrsright one day that would b epic! Cuz i will b able to kno so much more about...
just watched that one last week. Didn't love, didn't hate. But, yes, lots of awkward situations going on.
turned it into a library scavenger hunt since we have wifi there! Making it work!
Ima whoop you, him and me's ass
Man I got all comfortable nsh*t. Slipped my mind for a second that was flying in tonight & wanted to get into something.
Voodoo ball fights....I miss Da Hood!!
dude, Ville Valo ! But you cant have him he's mine !!! :)
Life is now officially keeping me from Skyrim,
Ahem RT : Im embarrassed for that goal your defense decided to take a nap or somthing? Anyway thank u for that.
Thank you for promoting the AALS call for papers on technology and crime
Saute' those veggies with prosciutto, olive oil, salt & pepper. If that doesn't work, then throw on a pile of cheese!
Easter Break*
I'm down!
Still cheaper than a drunk in public ticket at #mifflin2012, so consider yourself ahead!
Small steps while the path unfolds.
I can't think how hot summer will be. It feels like summer today!
Congratulations to for his 2nd Ace yesterday. You da man!
#20thingsaboutme 15. My favorite singers are and Luke Bryan.
Meanwhile, (some) SENIOR CITIZENS are still trying to pay off their Student Loans!!!!! WTH???
no problem, thanks for following :) <3
Totally. And yet my cousin just did it.
But they said the book would come out in May! Now they say June! Better be in June I wanna read it. I love Bryn and Chase. :)
Never Forget.
#whatmakesmesmile the thought of Obama leaving office in Jan 13
The kid: If you don’t watch a movie with me-right now-I’m going to read your diary. Me: It’s blank. The kid: I know. I checked. Movie?
O'Banion suggests adopt principles to achieve completion agenda - Gamson & Chickering, CCCSE, D Jenkins, Learning Colleges
The Stock market plunge protection team is hard at work today "painting the tape" to hold on. Things are not improving in a day or a month
Just woke up ?
When you follow the dream in your heart, you're energised, inspired, & motivated. -Dr. John F. Demartini
I wish I didn't care so much..
love the #blast program - orange team!!!
With God All things are possible. Nothing is Impossible for you when you believe. Are you a believer or a doubter?
hmm. I may need to check this out. How are you & the family?
at the crib. whats the move for today ?
That would be the band Train. Yes, they are a bunch of nutsacks.
I wish people would not use the word "deliver" when talking about education. Is it just me?
That was the worst 40 min of my life
don't forget share buttons on e-mails. make it ridiculously easy to push content to your friends
tonight and I hit the turntables around 9. come check out the spot, its on point!
Even though i met youu, i still feel like you dont know my exsistance
I'm okay, how about you? :)
#HillerHelps - In #ReconciliationLaw therapy is used to define the issues and if they can be resolved.
well you do that and we will bring the rocket ship (:
Girls who try too hard to get attention from me are annoying
Have you ever gone to an NHL game? It's an awesome experience.
I noticed that as well! I have no idea.
Thanks TaylorMade! Just got a black box full of white balls in the mail.
Sitting in the car waiting 4 Maurette Brown Clark's song "It Ain't Over" to finish so I can go in the house. Love that song!
woo what a bitch!!
looking for a house to rent near the coast of ms....any suggestions...hmu
thanks for following me :)
not true
Dean Martin and Tempurpedic mattresses are scientifically proven to cure a hangover when used in the correct combination.
Vertical ombre as in give my magenta to light pink multiple times around each jacket as to have them all appear 2b snatched in the midsect
Very well...thank you! Hope you are well too! :)
Let's start Thanksgiving Day in advance by coming to the best Latin Club in the whole area!! Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !
LIVE tomorrow on #TWC Chan.411 @ 4pm, Helix-LaMesa goes head-to-head w/ Del Oro-Loomis for the Division II Football Champ title!
Thinking of doing so DYI on the long President's day weekend...Prefinished Engineered Brazilian Cherry 3/8 x 5 would be one to consider.
We have maintenance fixing the temperature issue in the auditorium.
I don't remember the quote.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP!
its like a mixture of blondes! It dnt look ghetto or anything lol its hot, ill send u a pic! & red! I want a pic!!
Join the team! Looking for: Sr. Media Buyer and Media Buyer #adjobs #austinjobs DM me if interested!
Investors lost over 3 million dollars just in marketing that World tour. It was put together too quickly without real commitments
I still hate meryl hodge
RT RT : RT : Having my hair played with and/or pulled >
"I was gonna have to move in with Ma, who's dead and doesn't have a house so it wouldn't have been good."- Moe
RT : Pumped for the producer showcase next week!!
don't forgot your other nickname OOH-Lisa based on your newsroom noises
I agree with Barkley, this game should help Rose advance his game even more, help his teammates take it over
u already know
How do u be there for a person who won't let u in AT ALL
Follow ...gorgeous apartments..
Absolutely will man.
The new Tim McGraw song is one of the best songs I've heard on country radio in a long time!
I hate my sperrys they always stay untied
Can you use #OHwaronwomen for your tweets and spread the word in the hearing room? It will make everyone easier to follow.
Alejandro and the low anthem onatage, too. singing This land is your land
Wow, turned really cold this evening. Was hoping to slip off to the mountains tomorrow for a run. Going to be below freezing at altitude!
Seven minutes is NOTHING! I've waited upwards of 20 minutes.
All of their damn testimonies happen in such a way they can testify on Sunday. Sit down.
#FF awesome supporters of original content
Goodnight ladies and gents.
Hey Tator! See ya soon! From the ol married couple sitting at the corner avoiding the crazy loud crowd in front of the Paramount.
Happiness is the best facelift. Diana Krall
Want to learn how to plan for an unknown future? Check out our Scenario Planning class on 1/23 at bit.ly/ypTmIv
did you have a good time at least?
Omg go away stupid bitch
#TwSIG Explain the dot before the again. How can you use this? = to you. .= public
this is just another sign that you should only use Titleist!
Just watching HardBall with him and Bill Maher which was great liberal porn and it reminded me (of the anal sex)
thank you my friend! Hugs
Gratziz :) See i punked out your Crew member she aint tweeting back like a puss :)
#MyBiggestFlaw I have no medium, either I'm 100% nice guy Mr. Rodgers or 100% The green Hulk . I can shoot from 1 to 100 in seconds flat.
I got a little angry today when my lunch got messed up, but I had already voted so my anger was a non-factor.
: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding
There’s only one thing you can do to combat a liar; stop believing and start leaving.
dark chocolate helps
Before everything else; getting ready is the secret of success. -Henry Ford
found my third wind...lets booze
HAHA dudee yes lets do that when I get back
Thanks, Jared. I've having a great weekend. How is urs?
we can't. it would be akin to believing we are in post-racial america.
thanks for the very enjoyable conversation this evening! I think I better get to bed. Goodnight!
Just got through my inbox!
We wrote a song called "God Bless My Man" that I think you would love. Download it for free@ harkerwolfley.com.
Man. Really hope comes back next year! Pleasure to watch...thanks for a great year of ball to him and everyone
it's okay madam. (:
“: Thx for coming to north side!” - Thanks for coming out & supporting #FoodtruckFridays for the
You're not too late! Tickets can be purchased on site that day!
The MVP votes were apparently miscalculated because you are actually the MVP. Congratulations! Good Luck Tonight!
Lockheed Martin has developed a special smartphone that can help soldiers posted on the war front with translation in real time.
Good morning. Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
lol you like them as much as I do. Hush that nonsense haha
Invisible forces are the most motivating ones.
Man with Hawaii ties solves his own missing child case
Amy Ames Autism Song awarded the front cover of the Christmas CDX Release to radio stations.
I guess I have to be dying to get off early from work today.smh
#OneThingILove #HATERS appreciate the luv n support.
My 5yo was angry earlier & said, "I hate everything!" I looked at my wife & said, "Wow, he's kinda young to be a nihilist, isn't he?"
wine is open. yes.
I fucking hate spiders.
goodmorning. follow me? ;]
Nigga u know how many Awards & Achievements are fabricated on mine?! RT : So how much embellishing is justified on a resume?
Issue One has the endorsement of the Columbus Dispatch!!!!
I wonder what I'd do if I couldnt have coffee everyday
Don't buy mine. I'll send it to you gratis.
Just pointing out- GOkickball aint ridin dirty... park permits paid, refs provided, t-shirts, & r PARTIES can't be beat. (ie free beer)
The French vs. French tmrw at 4pm w/ Patrick vs. tune in!
This nigga Melo tripping hard as hell on the free throw line...
Totally! Great to meet you tonight. RT : Thanks and Talking social is fun.
My b-day is in two days I'm so happy 17 here I come
Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL Draft Review - Fox News
thank you :)
The Santa Clause! :)
Kill them tonight lol
Good Afternoon my fellow Grinders.. Let's reach for the star$ !
got your request on Facebook! We are all defiantly going to @ least 1 game this year! Keep in Touch Val :-)
have there been any recent updates to Bones for #genesiswp?
"Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually."
Amen! #truth RT : we're born special, our problem is thinking we need someone else to tell us that
Running another back2back today, this should be fun...
i have been featured by several national outlets and most recently CBS-K-Cal 9. Any opportunity would be an honor. Thank you
with such soft materials and scarves anyone could wear, who can say no? :)
hawaiian caramel soy latte and some yangling before the MVP summit, now that's relaxing...
Haha as tempting as that sounds...
Street date set for May 22nd. Mark your calendar.
great talk today at Rice! Thanks!
One week till Disney!
because you love Japanese TEXTING RT “: I'm sorry you guys, but why would I want your Japanese texting QR code?”
Thank u !
Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers out there! You are greatly appreciated!
Quote of the day, courtesy of : "I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me."
Ha! Thanks, man! I'm definitely a fan random/lame jokes. Glad you're one of the few that appreciate them. Lol.
I've never seen so many pitches in the 60's...yikes!
- saw this story on the military channel last night. He had real gravitas.
Nice work from Randi on this interview.
i'm feelin' this starks fella.
how's the essay coming??
Amazing 2011 !! Thank you everyone who made it happen !! More to come in 2012 !
We are reviewing application #130059 - Edward Bernstein.
Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar-Mark & Pablo flamenco, rumba, latin grooves. 7:30-11:00pm. Wine specials all night !
Right there with you on the DMB. Is it bad I immediately lose respect for those who enjoy it?
Good question !
never ending pasta bowl and unlimited salad and bread sticks how could I go wrong.. thanks olive garden lol! hanging with dad for lunch!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways send a good night & good morning text <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
3 more months to be 21
you're like the sweetest! x
no problem, we are happy to help
hey minnesota twins,
Bomb ass sandwich at 1am. M
31 points! R u kidding?! the heat should be put in the championship automatically now that d rose is injured there is no more competition
@ Da water park w/ my nephew 4 his bday, dave&busters later 2nite, gud ahh breakfast this mornin, this gone b a good day
i recommend tipping your waiter the difference
Also follow back?
The classic bob is timeless.
Happy Mothers Day to the BEST mom in the universe! Wouldn't be who I am without my mom, her support and love are what keep me going! Love u!
I wish! I already use it as little as possible, but have to have it for my job :-\ RT next step... ditch the car?
I don't know what I'm doing
Aww! Thank you! : ) I'm liking 38 just fine!
i never seem to get tweeted back by people like , , mahone, or other great ppl i tweet :(
In downtown Milwaukee at 8 am for no reason.
please tell me when your coming to florida?! I got people to buy all the rage! I love you so much! Your my idol<3
Take yall azz to sleep, coughs and then hit da send button
Dear , please get back to re: HH. She is starting to grind her teeth and shake like mad squirrel... :)
Beautiful New York fall Sunday morning starting with nice pilates class. Feeling great after a great core strengthening and body lengthening
How much you make depends on your own ingenuity, determination and willingness to work at it.
To many thoughts at the same time ...
new blog post at johnsarahjohn.tumblr.com: JSJ does dinner with
That poster gives new meaning to "grind forth" Haha!
Reggaewave.net check out the live interview with up and coming Reggae artist MikeyWild with GeneralCulture between 2 and 3pm eastern time.
I sure wish I could knock out 4.5 miles!
where are you!!?
Zap is the name of the gay bar Harry went to last night (: xx
Ben taught me a new workout routine for upper body :D Now to have the energy to do it every day.. -_-
u forgot diaz
#TFOB amazing event today - gorgeous weather, tons of food, activities, music. Nice job organizers!
You want to buy me some (;
sometimes I hate when that happens. But sometimes I take matters into my own hands and enjoy myself or I start shopping on the web
Getting my lil girls off to school then gonna go do something later wit Jamie, Heather and the kids
"on behave of both of our bands, FUCK YOU" all time low and boys like girls will forever be my favorite bands
Do agents have a role in #selfpublishing? Agents panel at
::; Just got done with my homework!!:)-Energy Fitness laterr with Morgan&&Whitneyy<U+E105>
I'm getting strange direct messages from you. You should see what's up with your account. Just FYI!
Awww... I love it! Should really be my new mantra anyway ;)
There have been so many #Coyotes penalties in this game that I think the Sacramento Kings are now on the power play.
raves going on in the quad while I am try to study<<<
bad bitches know wassupp, he tell me dat he love me, i tell em join da club.
What's your favorite sandwich, could you get your order in under 140 characters?
#dermal care: push & hold the piercing down to keep the anchor in place & to keep any fluid that may be under it expressed.
Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers
Visit feefyefoe.com
you guys played a great game just gotta improve in the red zone, like the way matt moore played looks better than henne
The Pella one-week sale ends Sat. Get 33% off Installation! Call Jeff (505) 362-0529 or to get locked-in.
Franks Red Hot Sauce... I put that shit on everything
eggnog + captain = christmas
UC Irvine Extension Announces Spring Internet Marketing Courses and Webinar
Thx--heading to Shreveport this week to record RT : Whoa! Brian Blade Fellowship - where have you been all my life? Amazing music!
I love that video, I'm hoping to specialize in pediatric or neonatal nursing.
Star ships are meant to fly! thanks for reassuring that for me. I needed it. OMg I so funnnnyy
that will be in Hollywood Florida
There was a babygirl found alive n a Field in Salem IN. She's about 20 Months Blonde hair Blue Eyes. She was Flown to Kosair Children's Hosp
Never seen a D5, though. D6 and D10, sure. ;)
It's hump day and I have no one to hump what kind of ish is this! lol
hey I just picked up a used mint con. American Tele. I love it. In a tube amp you can sounds so sweet.
At the same damn time
I never sleep yo.
I was legit sleeping and I woke up when I heard him and started like dancing . ahahah
I would never, ever, ever use the word "nummy." But I enjoyed my lunch there.
I feel like this does not bode well for DD.
This to shell pass. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Just waiting for that insanely great steak burrito at Bandito. So hungry..m tamale too?
Treat Yo'Self Day. Every single day.
just looked through new issue, amazing issue, nice work! great spaces and great references
thanks for the follow!
Have you heard 's new album? Its amazing! :)
We'll be interviewing Tyler Hilton on Sunday any questions for him?!
lovely evening celebrating 's bday, discussing ''s Congresional testimony & debating politics with good friends!
"The typical Portlander has no problem driving a funky old Toyota, as long as they can drink good coffee and eat at good restaurants."
totally jealous!!! have fun you two!
Bo! Betty Lou just got the boot. I have a new (to me) car now. No name yet, though.
T3: There's a slew of social media monitoring #SMM companies that are bound to discover oppty's in healthcare, too.
midterm week. blegh. thank god for starbucks :)
r u serious? Girl u made me happy :') ima cry. I really love u. And thank u. <33
get off my brother !
Studio day! Boom!
RT : Forever may be unreal but I can see it. (......and if you can see it, you've made it REAL... <3)
So great to be home with my family and dog
well then CongratsX2 . Welcome to motherhood. Your life will never be the same :)
oh yeah?
I can see 3 U.S. flags from my office window. Wonder how long it will be until they are lowered to half staff as per Protocol.
happens to me like daily >:0
Would be nice if I was delivered the wrong pay envelope again. Actually, I'd like to see all of them.
Tears are the safety valve of the heart when too much pressure is laid on it ~ Albert Smith
Old crackheads r so sad! So u just couldn't shake that habit huh?
I sold my ticket, revised the attendee name, and sent it to the new owner. Thanks for your help.
very busy ...making toys for ...and about madmen.....!!!
Ended up eating at Rudys.
Uh oh, grizzlies look like they are choking down the strecth
<U+E329>" When a girl falls asleep texting you, it doesn't mean you bore her. It just means she didn't want to end the conversation.”<U+E327>
I'm in school, but I'm on twitter haha. #rebel. Just kidding, just bored tho. ;)
you lucky so and so
#Sixers win!!!!!!! They advance to the 2nd round for the first time since 2003!!!!
Grammys no so good this year... Im missing the standard kanye drama
I think we will resume in August because there is so much going on with our family still. Once mom is moved in!
If you need someone, feel free to talk to me (: or DM me your # so I can call you
Sure thing.
Alcatraz come on
I hope you're drinkin 40s tonight
7 of the 14 teams playing on NBA League Pass now have at least one UK player on the roster
nothing means more to me than your two boys.
Let's do it!
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou... Hm... Our boys... ;) If you directioners understand it...
or big elves! Or... ELVIS! LITTLE ELVIS IS GOING TO STEAL YOUR KINDLE!!
Who else from SF is going to Design Bloggers conference in LA? Excited to see and
Lethargic and lovin it.
I need to get some discipline to get back to lithe. I'm going to try to go tomorrow. Miss you!
When I want something, there's no stopping me.
yeah ok lol..... "mr. Depew why are u late for class?" Me: "um I was getting a lap dance.....and she did things"
VINNY IS OUR INSPIRATION :D <3
It's definitely surreal. 95 percent of my grad class still lives in the same town.
dude that would be amazing!! We need to do that!
The immunosuppressive cream I'm on for my eczema is the same active ingredient used for transplant patients. My MDs don't fuck around..!
I'm about to change the world.
bahahaha! Oh well! :)
Looking for speakers on #real estate investing topics send me a tweet to find out details
Kochs help Republicans catch up on technology
The Negro League's Josh Gibson is the only player ever to hit a ball out of Yankee Stadium.
I dare you to follow me! :)
Republicans Agenda pt 6. 20.No Regulations 21. Slaves and illegal Workers for Corporations Profits, 22. Kill the Gay Rights
Uh I am 12 what is this?
Excellent pitch yesterday, but was most impressed with your comments re your parents in the audience. Well done!
I like people who I can just sit and talk with for hours and hours and never get bored.
Witnessed some of 's rehearsal today for Britt Brewer's 'The Death of a Diplomat'. It's going to be truly wild. This Wed nite only
I'm team Rose!!
Have fun! Rich is a sweetie. Please tell him I said hi. Are you having a chordal instrument or just bass/sax/drums? That's fun!
Nyc rain is made from human urine. Be afraid.
Off to Vegas ... No time this trip for fun... :(
I can forgive, but I don't think I will ever be able to forget..
How u doin?
This is the journey of my life.
save me some
im kinda obsessed with "want u back" by cher...
A BIG SHOUTOUT IF YOU FOLLOW ME!!
NCM's Launch Zone, with RJ Smiles Inc., is collecting school supply donations. Donations will be accepted through Sept 3 at the Launch Zone.
its all about the Dalai Lama today
yo, so did u have to have the talk or what? Didn't get slapped up while u were sleeping did u? Haha
"Sometimes, Later is Soon Enough."
I'm winning so call me TIMOTHY TEBOW!
If you ask me to give you feed back on your track. Do not get mad if I'm givng you constructive critiscism...
What a beautiful day to start the week!! :)
I ALWAYS pack at the last minute...
O the ups and downs of production. I guess if your not being challenged your probably not getting any better at producing.
sounds Good I am doing the same :)
i'm starting a riot in Stevseton
When the butterfly emerges, does the Caterpillar cease to exist?
eww i totally agree. It is just as bad as nails on a chalkboard.
Thanks to everyone for submitting and making this another great season! Announcements will follow soon, see you at the festival in October…
Warren Buffet's rule is that taxes can't hurt him, because he will continue getting richer.
Woke up with my right eye swollen, who tf knows
Any Political Journalists or News Junkies want to chat about the Pres General Election or other major Stories?
For anyone taking bets - #Gatorade bath was orange
Sorry You have to show me
Excellent! What is Papa's drink of choice tonight?
Waaaah, I'm still not done with these coloring sheets, wth :c
You should send that fly to hell and go home to your family in triumph.
Love u guys Thanks listeners SO MUCH!
I appreciate the valuable RTs. Thank you!
that list certainly makes you think "not me!"
Crushed waste glass can now be used in roadways. Glass recycling will soon follow.
i think i'm more candy hungover than drink hungover, but i distinctly remember getting really upset over a game of jenga i wasn't playing.
Home from the first 2 weeks of my journey in Seattle. So thankful for you all who prayed, encouraged and followed! Blog when recovered!
Taking pictures <3 This place is gorgeous!
i lost 22 followers
It's FRIIIIIDAAAAAYYYYY!!!
wow.. That was close..
We have a new alert coming tomorrow morning
HOw r u?
Chicken wontons, apple cinnamon oatmeal, bag of Skittles.
Please plan to attend the Philanthrofest, this Saturday, April 14, 2012 @ Midtown Miami
In austin for sxsw interactive. Also, tom finley is a pretty darn fine fella.
Proudly stood w et al today for protecting women's health and defending admin's policy on #birthcontrol coverage.
lmao you bringing everybody up
Since I've officially moved I guess I have to update my account. My feed is filled to the brim w/ #DC related info & it makes me miss it!
new playstation ID is "MajorSeven1" boutta finally play that modern warfare 3
I've got another casting opportunity in western Mass, Twitterverse! Looking for renters ages 20-30 who've dealt with bed bugs. DM me!
Hi Aaron...LTNS
I mean, Titanic tickets* are not included. Hate those grammatically incorrect Tweets!
I'm not a toy; stop playing with me.
OK, I'm embracing it. And only 9500 or so more tweets to go to catch up to Sonya...
haha while the pic was loading i was like it better be angel and not some girl :p
Stamped polymer top layer provides opportunity for more-efficient hybrid solar cells Upper network of thin channels further enhances the
#NASCAR's version of the #Madden Curse? RT Dale Earnhardt Jr. hasn't won a race since before we all started tweeting.
thanks man!
Good luck!
Interesting a succussful supply sider in Sweden.
For me, it's like, I'll notice an annoying tweet and then check to see if they've tweeted anything worth hanging on to them for.
Great session, Stacey and Next Gen. Team....I learned a lot!
He makes me Feel so special.
Why wait until the New Year to make a fitness resolution? Join the mma revolution!
One Of My Followers.
I think I'm gonna cry watching ur video of Burts Song :'(
I will find out soon I know people lol and could you please follow me back :-)
Its a britney spears morning<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Check the stats, my team winning
can you give people to follow on tumblr? :) like your personaalll people not the 1D blogg
Its hard to go through losing everybody i once loved.
haha same here!!
I'm craving YOU!!
I'm good scared tho LOL
“: Is it so important to have long hair that you'd rather wear a ratty weave than your natural hair?....”
Nice job, Dusty!
What you are saying with that last tweet is the scenario for Win 8 is worse than we already fear ? Clueless in Seattle
s/o #NF can I gain some #followers pls
This what weekends are all about... Hit it twice, its a cool spring day, and it's time grab some lunch. Ahh, this is freetime!
"It's never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Sun, May 6 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I've been doing good keeping it
Making something for our new apartment. :)
Beautiful wedding day for fantastic day at Huntington Beach!
The winner of a brand new Keurig brewer is.....! Congrats, dm coming your way!
new job :D
RT : RT : SLAers, tomorrow is the last day for early bird registration for #SLAChicago! So. Get on that. I want to see...
I HATE MATH SO FUCKING MUCH OH MY GOSH
When Marge goes through some changes the family has a hard time adjusting to it. Tune into this episode of The Simpsons at 5!
At la jolla strip club, the restaurant, for boss' going away party
we r stoked 2 have gerald on board- follow 2 stay updated on the film u helped him land!
#WealthyWomanTip Smile more often it attracts positivity and success :)
Im leaving tomorrow for Scotland and school isn't out for another couple weeks or so and I had to say goodbye to all my friends :(
If Content is King, is there a Queen?
I was gonna ask "how short do you have to be for your elbow to reach someone ass?" then i remembered you were in Taiwan.
So I guess is Maya Angelou tonight.
6 meths for that day, Hanes medium boxer briefs, and a pair of new shoes.
My mom just called to tell me she enjoyed meeting Sen last night and that is she is proud of me. Never heard that from her b4. :)
monsters + music +friends = a good time
Got the music in my soul coming out of my fingertips tonight
Thats too much thinking at 7am
Omgg Sharon Needles & Robin Mansions FOREVER!!
The city doesn't plow the streets in my neighborhood either. Way to live up to the social contract,
Photos at Facebook.com. Check out Dahmers's boyhood home
R.I.P MCA! I'm gonna blast the sh*t outta those Beastie Boys albums. :( :( :(
So many nasty feelings & issues that don't have a home in my head but there they are, squatting, trying to take up permanent residence.
come on, let's get #2012YearofTheHungerGames trending!
Okay so now you and are going out...I guess i'll be happy for you :T
at meridian pint for trivia. starts at 8 but peeps are already trickling in so get here fast
I finally changed your emoji in my phone...guess what it is?!? It's super fitting!!!
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
do what you love and it'll never be work.
This kid is awesome <3
Apply some lemon juice on the cut surface of the apple to avoid browning. They will look fresh for a longer time.
The Gauldur Amulet! +30 to Health, Magic and Stamina. Also a cool quest line.
O.O The number the bad guy just gave out as his in this movie used to be my number.
My Valentine's Day will be spent watching a movie about depression and the end of the world. How romantic.
Maroon 5 is the only rock band i would ever listen to, they go hard af
Talking at the , pretty much implied he'd seen in her birthday suit. No way that's true.
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 7
Don't forget: CCA meeting tomorrow, 7pm @ UE Church @ corner of Dillon St & East Ave. Come hear from your state delegates.
The (Thug) Saints should have to forfeit their 2009 Super Bowl championship to the Indianapolis Colts.
Excited!!! Doing my first paid t.v. gig, in the NYC, for Oxygen Network!!! YAY!
SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKING!!!!
Ask the slaves in the 'sweat shops' how their lives were improved--or are they easy to forget because of the 'improvements' here?
If you dare cycle down 4th St on Bike To Work Day (this Friday), be safe, motorists please be kind;)
Will be using #eddievedder and as inspiration tonight for my gig! Throw in and for good measure
Pizza of the Week! >>> Wood-Roasted Vegetable Pizza :)
okay well I'll just plan on staying there and see if anything comes up. I'll bring you and mitch a nice present
damn you know I would have been!!
Massive protest in NYC and CNN has Jack Cafferty reading emails from viewers?
When are you headed out?
2. Get the details on company benefits. The inclusion of these plans can make a huge difference between the effective pay of a job offer.
Buy CITIGROUP stock. It has no competitors globally. It is an oligopoly
Fat black dude always wearing that Green Lantern mask at the Grizzlies games
New motto for Taco Time: "Yep, tastes like fast Mexican food from Eugene, Oregon."
this worked really well. Thanks so much for the idea.
#saysomething it's amazing #yee i love this song :')
“: I love that haircut I agree you should get it” Sweet! I think I'll try it out:)
Sitting at the Snuggery watching DaBulls and DaHawks. Good way to spend time while waiting for the next train, eh?
your elitist expectations are contrary to your politics. Apple stuff=usable by naive users. Linux IS NOT.
Awesome! RT : We will be at tonight, 910 N Damen, Chicago from 530-730. Free wine tasting! Wine & cupcakes, YUM!
“You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.” <U+2015> Marcus Aurelius
happy birthday:D
tweet me #AustinTo700K and i'll retweet them all! LEGGO before wakes up it's a suprise:P
That's a pretty tall Big Brother in action, there.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place
Is it arrogance, ignorance, laziness, or just plain stupidity that causes so many people to turn or make lane changes without signaling?
so I say those don't count lol
USA hipping cut offs are soon! Tues 12/20 for free shipping, Wed 12/21 for priority mail, Thurs 12/22 for express! Happy Holidays!
There's a time and place, When and where they'll bury me.
Don't get stuck building campaigns. Think strategically and build relationships.
#RAIDERNATION What up?
Yay! Over 200 followers! Thanks #echelon !!! Remember if Im following you please follow back!!! Ty! <3
With the 6th pick in the FSWA #FantasyBaseball Experts Draft I went with : Jose Bautista. Surprise pick Cano at
I hate when he sad... i kno when something is wrong with you i knew 4 so many years...jus tell me when something is wrong
Our one rule: Swag. Hard. So, nope!
you should follow us Omaha fans! #1DtoOmaha there's a bunch of us
Absolutely! Call me with the details 690-0250. I don't think I have your number.
you're welcome!! have a great holiday weekend!
Sounds good- I'm pretty much always around!
Thank you, Swiss Air, for giving me not one, not two, but three pairs of complimentary headphones. One for each in-flight film?
It wasn't so bad. It was my first Earthquake, though. It felt like the ground was sliding, not shaking.
“: Just got called for a gig... They fooling wanting me to do it for 200 blah ... Next” mobile?
I'm lazy as Shit LOL don't feel like getting dressed can u help
I guess you didn't have clear eyes, full heart because you lost
rain in LA makes me reminisce.
Excellent choice.
EW fix your face.
In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first
She didn't think you would know her, but she and her husband raved about your service and such! Awesome.
Good Morning world, I hope you are having a wonderful morning
Nice to see you yesterday
#NP Scream - Usher. My song for the night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
I don't care if you're big, small, dumb or smart. It's all about the size of your heart
Canned-ham with glasses.
Gisele is talking crazy "My husband can't throw and catch the ball"... Bitch thats why this is a team sport.
still searching
Cecil B. DeMille~ Creativity is a drug I cannot live without.
Why aren't the other teams drafting Massie? His grade says he should be a 1st round player.
This one is more amusing than murder-inspiring, thankfully. Or maybe I'm just too lazy to feel murderous.
Legal people may love court battle, and that's fine, BUT getting football back on field, not court, is key.
It was a joke. Relax. No one was ignoring you
MR G RATED THE MAIN IMPRESSION MIXTAPE TAPE IS OFF THE CHAIN
my thoughts exactly...MontcoPatch just tweeted it as breaking news.
hey hunter!! Thanks for the follow...you have nice flow ps
according to Will (who works at Target) the company pockets the money from their tip jars!
All about the Girbaud Jeans Brand - lee jeans mens
Just one week left in our June Body Month specials on Arasys & Sudatonic ! Call today for an appointment! 617-227-5499.
You are very welcome! Have you tried cooking with it yet? I make a mean brine for grilling out of it!
I decided to join the Twitter Craze. I am attempting to mainly tweet about food. We shall see how that goes...
Public service announcement: using the phrase "make no mistake" betrays your incompetence as a public speaker.
DC: Say goodbye to Knickles, Ruben, Lanier, Rhee, and the rest of the most arrogant bunch of mother fuckers I have ever encountered!
I dnt blame unfollowers who unfollow us,we should talk more :( i promise 2 record the auditions we're gna judge! Hope u guys still
Great question. Yes, at the end of the day I am fully satisfied that I made a difference in someone's life.
RT : q1) it's natural for us to explain the new by reference to the old
come check out the Art Star Craft Bazaar this weekend at Penn's Landing! over 150 local artists and companies. live music and food too!
I Love my cousin
When you can see something its easier to do.
Need to record some music? Co-write some songs? :-) www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
Shedding, reading, and rehearsing up a storm.
Waiting for snowcopolypse.... Snowmageddon.... snowtastrophe 2012. They say we should see over 5", but I'm seeing blue skies right now.
Fill in the blank: The film that I most want to be in that has already been made is __________.
What's the problem? :) MT : MT : "No matter how you remix her songs will sound like Katy Perry"
Excellent "confessions of a new university president" Robert Nelson UT Pan Am #SACUBO - #8 feed the president information: no surprises
Preach it son! agreed. TM stuff kills it.
*RT2WIN CONTEST*RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & more on 4/11!
the clown running our contry had the nerve to stand on an aircraft carrier and say, "mission accomplished"?!? Yeah, *THEY* sure did.
just kick'in it back @ the hizzousss! I'm hit u up bout that BBQ... It might be a change in planz... Me & Manda work'in on it!
It's the least confusing one! And it has the least creepers.
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL!
Lincoln 10K this weekend; a team from running to support us. Good luck to them & to Kerry, Dawn, Christine, Julie & Teresa
Biggest freak on twitter ! Follow her. ( #RT for a followback )
RT : Today exceeded expectationsRT : Hope #barcamptampa was a great success today
Told me because I wore his hat, I have #SWAGG :)
I endorsed Richard Thomas on , "your professional profile on Facebook"
RT That last post needed a hashtag: #evanstontweetup proposed for 2/26, that's a Thursday. What downtown libation house?
When my family shops, they shop! When I shop, I come out with like one or two bags..
I love being stuck in a cave for a week with and , shunned from society
Auburn won the BCS championship, so SEC fans will be chest thumping all year again. Come to think of it, they'd do that even if Auburn lost.
I LOVE YOU TOO! (;
Int'l Festival was soo funn!
Free pancakes though!
business is great. NYC has a very strong market.
Visited the #SantaFe #CenterforContemporaryArts #CCA yesterday. One of the city's jewels! Art and movies! Fun!
random but LOVE MY !!! TO DEATH!!! dont care if kobe there or not. #Lakersforlife<3
Reading > everything
Finally reuniting with my girl !!!!!
San Antonio: Despite a cool front today, highs will still be in the 70's. Today: M/Cloudy, 20% shower. high 76.
YEAH I STUDIED. Then I forgot everything when I saw the paper.
yeah his tiptoeing lately is worrisome. His review of How I Learned to Drive made me think he owed someone a favor
praise God
man-toe holy crap
I'm having a bad day :(
omg.... I just realized I'm hearing a fiddle version of Aerosmith's "Walk this Way. It's down like a clown, Charlie Brown.
Dang, he's young
hey everybody in the valley just wanted to let you know we'll be open 2moro from 8-3pm so come by an get your car smoged wit the best in biz
RT contest still going on! Retweet this message for a chance @ a $25 gc to any broad ripple bar
zelda is epic. needa start playing again.
I'm pretty sure allot of people know lol
Shin splint's suck.
Previous post in regards to my group on bjpenn.com. Check it out if your into health and fitness. "Friends don't let Friends eat Fast food"
wanna come to let me know!
Haha I think it's more like 99%. :P
We're expanding our financial planning features. Would love to see what you think of our ideas. Email me:
Information is knowledge, knowledge is influence, influence is power.
3 day weekend YAY - have a safe and happy 4th of July everyone!!!
hey guys(:<U+2665> -erica.
please tell me you watched
I love AT&T u-verse
Storytelling ethics: If the people you're representing are involved in entire process and proud off result, you're golden.
If Someone Seriously wants to be a part of Your Life they will Seriously make an Effort to be in it. »No Reasons No Excuses«
Chocolate Stout + Bacon sounds great!
everything in the planet, what's good wit u what u workin on?
Sometimes I wonder if the people who intentionally put bad information on Wikipedia are just bitter encyclopedia salesmen.
I agree- the apps allow for personalization of each iPad to suit individual students' needs
Apologies for the bad day; can't imagine I made it much better, but I will find a way for us to work together soon ^_^
sorry I meant indiana lol
Listen Hhahaa Ok But something Idiot
We're BIG fans! RT Happy Hour! Oh hey!
#Pysch is such a great show.
hey did u see my last tweet
#student Armada Township allocates CDBG funding
I love that!
If every one of your tweets is a subtweet. Get a blog.
At work hungry all this food
still the best place to watch a game in
Next at 9: Travis Cty Emergency Services want a new fire fighting helicopter. It's designed to actually fight fires.
I don't know what I did to deserve this, but I'll take it every morning til I die!!!!! Thank you!!!!!
Still awake from #thebachelor Ben is blinded by infatuation
Follow Friday
For every day you don't start, you lose day and are one day further from your dreams!
happy birthday!
I won!
I did! I hate The Underworld movies and I don't give a shit who knows! :D
thanks love!
RT : Guys, please check out this anti-bullying !...
It's funny how everybody is so appalled about Ovie's ice time. Have you seen him try to play defense? He is the most one-sided player in NHL
sorry bro got hacked can't change password on my phone. Hopefully will get it changed when I get home tonight.
i taught you well. RT Yes, Here we come highschool, everything I do will be lowkey af, and my circle will get smaller and smaller
Whoops. Forgot about my essay and test tomorrow..
RT : Seriously RT RT: If Tom Cruise still looks this young in another 10 years, I'll try Scientology
I like being in the back seat sometimes lol
Avast ye scurvy dogs, Happy talk like a pirate day!!! :) And thanks to for the reminder
...i feel so violated by lil wayne. and i quote, "i wish i could fuck every girl in the world." sick. love him and all, but sick!
It may be a little selfish or self centered but make me your main priority & don't give a fuck what people think.
neither. Its a collective of individuals with different talents collaborating/pushing positivity through action and creativity
got a great idea and drunning with it...
You sure did Eve! <3
When my pussy game so cold that he always seem to come back Cause he know that it’d be a wrap when I’m riding it from the back
can you please ask all your followers to retweet #levilowrey? co-writer for "Colder Weather"? He deserves a trend =)
a Garth Brooks kind of day #NP Rodeo
"I Run for the LOVE of Running!" This is always my answer. If you are a runner, you understand.
must be a P.O.S. lol
I'll have to keep him in mind
I can't wait for Spring training. We'll never hear anything about Boston or New York once the baseball season starts.
Completed The Help! SO GOOD. Now whatever shall I move on to?
Carlos Lee hammers one for the Astros. 3-2
": Oh, you got Starbucks? Please post a picture on Instagram."
Mac Miller <3
When are we going away for a day? Take me now!!!
If you can't see the bright side of life, polish the dull side.
all TRUE (no pun intended)
I hope. Have u ever got to meet anyone famous over there.
Good lord, it's an expression! I must be just really old.
We are #Khalid Zalitin We don't forget We don't forgive. We don't give up. We can not be silenced.
Just bought up all night! amazing! u have one more fan! :) Cheers guys! -marshall
has the BEST tweets!(:
I'm encouraged to tweet from the #hhawards! Yay! I'm sitting next to one hawt actor: Thanks It's theatre week in DC.
First two volumes Scags Series available at: www.sullivanstpress.com
Melissa is convinced I'm just being stubborn when I won't dial Hannah Montana for her
Thank you New York State Council on the Arts!
Organizations need talented people more than talented people need organizations
Home alone, so bored. And the weather sucks.
Probably not sleeping tonight ... This stalker off facebook is telling me he is going to ind out where I live ..
haha I know, I had to call him out
No, I haven't. What are they? Where can they be obtained?
That Career Connect stinks, it didn't help me at all since I've been unemployed! So depressed!
Not needing to set an alarm >>>
Wow I got so much drama in my life, and fb makes it worse now I come on here and theres all this Alexis shit, I fucking hate the Internet
Just as a shout in the mountains can start an avalanche, so a single word, spoken in Gods way/time, can have a seismic effect. Solzhenitsyn
those shoes are THE BEST. Other then of course.
cat lady. awake. pedantic lecture: activate!
House party !
Damn fine lineup! See you in Seattle.
nigga you get shot down here you if you say something like that
Congrats on an amazing season on #TheVoice, Tony! I'm an old fan, and will continue to do so :) Come back to NYC soon!
Dark Corner is probably the scariest book of mine, according to readers. Thanks in advance for checking out!
and u should come over and stop acting so distant
Can your smart phone train your dog?
Sex workers who are survivors of rape OFTEN do not report because they fear arrest and marginalization. This cannot be tolerated any longer.
it's a sad state of affairs but you could start making your own. I've been doing it for 3 years.
I am really feeling your new Avi!! #Gorgeous :)
More 80s flashback news -- I just finished reading Sweet Valley Confidential. I'm disappointed. I loved that series when I was in jr high.
who likes wilson's hot tamales from cleveland ohio
By the way Mr. Vice President, you'll buy Ice Cream for randos at Dairy Queen, but can't make a Baja Fresh run for the First Fish?
Looking for another blogsite for a new blog. (Confused?)
Mail says I have 1 new email but I can't find it. This is going to drive me beyond insane.
amen! It's insanely hot!
#whydopeople think anyone cares about these stupid twitter trending topics.
Terrible news about I injury. I'm ready to suit up if the #Hoosiers need a big man! Always ready to help out a friend.
just tried scheduling and posting, neither worked. Same error message
hahaha I totally forgot about those. Now I want one.
Sorry ! I thought I followed you. I followed.
nice! Platforms?
things are going my way today :)
Welcome to the world of Twitter!
y u stressed txt my phone
You know you're high if the second you see a yellow light you slam on the brakes.
The Tebow Abides
You can tell the quality of a person by how they treat people they don't need.
Clearly noy funny
Just packed for Vegas in 20 minutes! #impressedmyself now off to work for 13 hours. Sin city tomorrow!!
Went out after Chile's victory last night; final exam today. Going to an open-bar gala tonight; final exam at 10 a.m. tomorrow
If you can shoot some video tomorrow or know someone who can please feel free to grab some video. Thanks!
European sporting clubs have at LEAST as much corruption as the NCAA does.
Sad Day for Colts Fans
Ha! Thanks! REK is very quotable... Might have to do another one.
Feeling like a mild Jan. day with wind chills in the 20's this morning... later today highs only reach the mid 40's with a sun-cloud mix.
saddest tweet ever. i'm going to start a daily text to Laurie even if nothing is happening haha
I will be there soon my love <4
dats wats up u know just let me know
The is now open late Thursday nights (until 8p). How should we fill this time? What could "Nights at the Barrick" look like?
Grove took 27 medals @ NC Wine Competition, 2nd most of any winery. 2 double-golds, '09 Cab & '10 Tempranillo. Both r @ Fresh Market.
same shit I was thinking when I was reading the title, lol. But is all good usher didn't really do much in it but auto tune.
Coming by GA tomorrow can we plan on hacking 230 to 1,000? giving into the pressures...
Adobe has a lot of open source stuff and has committed to open source even more lately.
OK got the plan now: we'll just beat you on your home ice (again)
We did back to work!
9 months ago Ari became an official Universal Republic artist.
I earned the Networker badge on Lose It!
So true, my life back in Boston is a shadow of what it was with #Tacoshack in it
I'm in Wisconsin, when I say NBA, they think I'm from the moon and meant NASA. Pick me.
aw ok this is tru me too
Wow,.. i cant believe its been 1 Year, i met so many GREAT AMAZING people<U+2665>
Its not what you got... its what u do with it
Already saw your babymaker "At 2nite's screening of TheBabymakers Jay will [...] unveil a picture I sent for all of u."
First Fridays at IVY tonight with DJ Mike love?
Hi Sheli. I am looking forward to it too.
Geez Louise I need to wash this hair
Al Lover & The Haters 2012 Strange Blanket Tour Stats: Cities: 4. Last Night's Attendance: 4. Tonight's: 17. Mike G's Burrito Count: 8.
Its going to be a great day! Taking reservations for today. Call 414.502.7368 Kayaks and standup paddle boards available.
I'm so apologetic for my God-given biology and lack of marital ownership right now.
Oh, dreamy!
Del Piero to Arsenal. Silly season is officialy in full swing.
According to my thermostat it's time to pull out the blow dryer, can't be turning on the heat running up my electricity bill.
My life, tryna get it together. Who's hiring???!?
saturday sept 24....club 241....mad
Woman, a fearful power is thine: / The mission to the given / Requires a strength almost divine, / A bosom that is virtue's shrine... (1850)
I need to take my morning poo.
Yo mamas so fat she walked in front of the tv and I missed 3 commercials.
its coming out like lava
I'm finna go to sleep on yo ass
Great to hear about the awesome things is doing with ! Thanks and !
hey buddy! What's going on?
Cassie is stunning
. sweet performance! U have DC's vote!!!
thats generous considering most bean towners wanted him out before he got hired. Injuries plaguing roster however might buy time
thanks brother! already having an incredible time, i'll tell you all about it upon my return. can't wait to see u guys soon
Just saw become an Acting Ensign... Must be 2am.
Just picked mountains of squash, tomatoes and basil from the garden. Lunch is going to be good today!
I just gave a woman $700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
youre the funniest dude ever!
dammit... Google lied to me. I'm gonna Hana hou that attempt at a snarky tweet
#don'thavemoney to be buying $15 buffalo wings that come with only 7 small wings. Rip off... It's called a recession for a reason!!!
thanks for the #TGIF #FF yes we had a great Friday night... Chuck E Cheese SURPRISE 9th bday party for daughter. So fun! :)
The doctor said I need a backiotomy
Police say they won't release surveillance video of angry customer throwing food at employee. Jack In The Box requested they not release it.
new logo design by is complete!
": everybody wish princeton a HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! #rayray" how late are you ? #TeamMindless has been doing it all dayy ! ( :
noo you say both n y'all is the niggas that's garbage
my husband is the most hard-working, amazing man I know.
those look fun!
F.M.G & N.A.B TAKING OVER
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
RT : Yeah fuck that divorce shit. Once I get married only way you leaving is if you provoke me to kill you.
Hey! Should follow me on kristiisfun cause I rarely sign in on this one :)
Merry Christmas Tweeps!!! <U+E033>
I'll catch you on the flip side
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE #FOLLOW 3
Terribly sadden by the loss of Mitchell Guist of TVs #SwampPeople All quiet on the Bayou loved him on the show RIP
Happy mamma day:)!
by the way any other suggestions where to get the word out?
yeah! I'm praying I'll be able to get regular vip... If I dont, i'd lose it.
in other words, "problem isn't that ppl who will decide election watch fox at 6pm; it's that they watch ESPN."
Oh no! :( If it's an Uber driver, please leave feedback and I'll touch base.
Wow, did you see FlipFlopMitt talking to teachers with no good responses for their problems and even griping about their cookies?
I think you need Sigh No More tonight :)
kinda hate this feeling, like im losing some older good friends. fuck it the real ones will stay around
You're welcome! Thanks for the kind note :)
#Racine come out to McCaulliffe's downtown tonight to help Reynaldo Jenkins & the Teardrops (w/ myself on Drums) win a Battle of the Bands!
"Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama" THIS. I'm 100% agree.
nope day before study, I feel like committing
Yeah Call me hit my line we going to cali in 20 days
Check Out My youtube Account norajane18 !!!!!!
Yup! RT : i forget how old you are <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That other Brock is no relation to Alan.
Another day of live music at work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> not to mention her voice gives me chills true
I heard Obama got a boner playing golf. Why is that news?
Perhaps you could donate your works to a gallery or museum with the stipulation of the art being shared to the many not few
When a girl don't know big words <<
it is due thursday i just thought it was tomorrow
The passenger is complaining about Digger slobbering on him.
thx fam.... we are out of the good woods right now, but we are working on some new ish.... be on the look.
I would probably date an older woman...if she looked like my mom
As for lawyers, it's more fun to play one than to be one.
Having a bad day Wbu you guys?:)
RT : College students encouraged to unplug in order to understand how their future bosses (read: older folk) used to...
how come your not in any of the "pot shots"
Too bad on Sunday there was a large pile of poo in front of one of your new signs.
are you using something other than Instagram to process? Maybe #vscocam? ;)
Yes! Peggy Sheehy nailed it! RT “: Failure is a necessary part of success #iste11”
And in vivid color! RT : If you asked me what I came into this world to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
This mom hallmark commercial is so corny
Shooting two SPEC Ads for The Cannes Lions Advertising Festival today! Will you guys see them once completed
S/0 to all the sexy followers my niggas grind hard
awesome pic! Thanks for joining us!!
Indianapolis airport is sweet. I can order food and take it THROUGH security. It's like the 90's are back!
Balcony sitting in the D House
got u. B4 we watch it Is it live? Lol
I like "Black Veil Brides"...But it's a "Emo band" K it's not. Thanks :/
<3 duck dynasty and fuck everyone else.
I'm so damn tired -__-
Never realized how ticklish my feet are until now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery.-Francis Bacon
keeping focused and motivated, three weeks left this semester
nice! Happy belated Bday *<|= ]
Item #1: Take the job.
Those shirts will only be available online for the next 24 hours.
RT : Just discovered I have never been more fascinated with maps as of now.
I say there's some things worth fightin' for
Brett Jackson, who has struggled over the last week, has been on base twice tonight with a single and a walk
You dont know him like i do you dont know what we been through that that boys my bestfriend
OMG! The model call was awesome at torrid yes
hehe I love youu!! Happy New Year's!!!!!!
too cold to swim and may out....wtf I thought this was the beach
Hey, it would be awesome if you mentioned us in you #FF today. You do that and we will love you all forever.
When you're watching a sports game and you call it intermission instead of half time.
Wow! Never seen so many cops!! And robots!!
Life in general just thinking about this single life I've been living that seems like it's been forever.
Here's an Oscars drinking game. Every time a celebrity is texting or Tweeting on camera take a drink. We all win.
Good morning fashion lovers and others (; The day has been made... To all a motivated and blessed one!!!!
working for a good cause like that can't be beat! Thank you for the noble work you do.
<U+E306>Happy Mothers Day!<U+E306>
I believe he is in 2nd place behind Brandon Phillips
First day of work! Complimented by a beautiful dunrise
People are in your life for a reason, some for a season. It's important to recognize when people's seasons are over. Dont carry dead weight.
Thanks for the RT!
:) So, what else is new?
Interested in Traveling to See Your Columbus Blue Jackets on the Road? Check out www.jacketbackers.org for details!
Definitely worth the watch! Hi-Tech and unbelievably computer driven fast. The longest process is patient preparation!
Steve Stricker's consecutive cuts made streak will end at 49. Last miss was 2009 PGA. Impressive.
Producer's callback for Boardwalk Empire in the Big Apple!! Oh yes!
Agree with the Suggs, but Kindle might go nice depending on the Upshaw rating! #HogsOnTheDLine!
Yikes! Fun fact from : The $119million paid for Munch's #Scream, would run for 39 years.
Thank you for an great presentation on CSS animations. Learned a lot. Possible to share a link for the source code?
LOL SAM!!! That video is so funny!!!
Gm my long lost friend:-)
when your doing that #AskAlli video ? :)
How does talk like that? w/o breathing?
lol :D & no she is bitching at me and shit but whatever Nonthing is standing in the way of me getting tickets!!!
Happy to FB! Looking forward to your tweets!
He did look pretty spiffy yesterday. Harry actually managed to show up the groom!
Sweet, thanks!!
- my vote is for Arsenal... GO GUNNERS!
"Real heroes are those who have the courage to love, laugh, and live full tilt, despite the hand they’re dealt.”<U+2015>Kute Blackson
Thanks for connecting today Rick.
Thanks so much!
The awkward moment me and meet face to face in the rain
giving up on the hol up.... BUT YES! who will be our lucky number 4?
The Subway on Main St. down town does not allow patrons to redeem #Sabres tickets for subs.
Vernon Davis is a horse.
On the dock, I see several baby jellyfish. They just look like targets with teeth. So basically the same as how I see every guy's face.
- So excited to get to work with you at Maggie Mae's on Thursday! - Let us know if you need anything from us!
“ “ Dont chase People , If it Doesnt Happen You arent Meant to Be .””
Kind of ironic and funny the CEO of Grenade was just in the store
I know its so disappointing
Looking forward to lots of enjoyable performing this weekend!
Doing math before I go to school I'm an overachiever lol
Alright, because I don't want to be a loser tomorrow and forget I have to say it now - Happy Birthday!!
"Sometimes the one you've been waiting for is the one sitting right beside you unnoticed."
he was spinning records for me to bust moves to.
Follow me for discounts on oil changes and auto repair. I come to your office or home. No mess-No fuss!
Yeah Henrik came to play tonight a bit.
#BlackParentQuotes Your fvather didn't give me my child support so it look like you ain't get sh*t.
True friends love the nerd in you.
finally its happened to mee right in front of my face and I just cant describe it
I thought I said I love your hair it's awesome and u said aren't they all and I said no my hair sucks lol
watching your most recent show. Your talks of mitt reminds me of his event I had valeted. Never once said anything to us
Bitch please, its my first Saturday at this store, if you tell me to cut, that's what I'm going to do but not mid day, get a grip.
Latex gloves brugh.
i know what my gift is now its how im going to use it
Red Sox have lost 4 in a row. We just need the #Bruins to win 4 in a row. You can do it!!!
im in houston girl, about to drive to padre. :( next break I promise!!
Rise and grind.
ugh wish I could be there but so glad y'all found each other! Love when my best friends from different worlds become friends
These love songs are so far from what I feel ... I'm not passionate about anybody
Kelly Price is sAAAnging Natalie Cole's "Our Love" & I'm missing it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> GOTS TA DO BETTA! It won't happen no mo tho...BET DAT!
Woo hoo! Phase 2 (final phase hopefully!) of Betts House insulation is beginning!!
When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
If they charge him with anything, it should be for Excessive Hotness.
Lo-fi electronic soul.
I loved it when was caught by hayley
can't believe miles never got drafted. I think he is still over seas #ballin though.
So glad for the much needed rain we're getting! Looks like its time to listen to the #goodfood podcast and cook! Can't wait!
Can't believe the Celtics just lost smh
btw, I realize that I misspelled "hilarious" and "corresponded" my bad -Elliott
Two people from my company will be there but my wife and I are expecting our first child at the end of April so I will not be
Happy Arbor Day!
Its official, i want to got to a consert!!
Well that explains why you're the thrid string goalie..
Eveygirl who like ray ray please stop dreamin and get on thx have a nice day
Just one more to go! :D
people always make fun of me for carrying scissors around with me in my purse but those are the same people who always need it when im out
Oh ok i see haha that's a good reason lol
well you and i can text <3
hey... Sorry I couldn't get u tix for tmo... Come sit with us some time in Athens next year.
Best Social Media Folks to Follow:
Good Morning LA
: Please hug me and buy me chinese food.// I'm right there with ya
Cool post, thanks for sharing! Should have put in: "There is no success like failure, but failure is no success at all"
Question everything, or shut up and be a victim of authority.
good bus travel, nap...we're heeerre ,
Thanks for helping us out the last few days. I have a much better feel for things now.
You are SO right and so funny!! Please never leave AMC. My entire household loves you!!!!
[POLL] Trade show swag: love it or hate it? What gets you to visit a vendor booth?
#MarketerMonday (sponsorship and activation)
take Spanish!
Snagged an earlier flight and will be in time for dinner. Good cuz lunch is bag of chips.
wrong-o! 53 w/o trying (or really having a handle on this yet).
Drop it low
We had a 4 year old superhero birthday party last weekend. My house is still like a superhero hideout.
what dtrix just said to rng, he said to the boyz last year .
I heard your latest song on YouTube loved it keep doing your thing bro within in u lies greatness Jesus love stay blessed
HALF of my class was absent today!! I got a ton done as far as "organization" is concerned, and I certainly taught... but the day went slow.
Watched part-1 of #Frontline series about the Wall Street Collapse last night. Answers a lot of questions on how this all began.
Poncho Sanchez starts tonight at Yoshis Oakland and the great pianist Gonzalo Rubalcaba is at Stanford Jazz workshops. Viva Latin Jazz
PRECIATE IT RT i fucking love white boys OMG <U+2665>
So apparently since I'm eating healthier & standing up for myself, I acting like I'm better than everyone else? Yeah, I understand that.
Listening to David Binney "Third Occasion " perfect winter music
Lmao! Angry sex issues? What are those?
Send it to me too!!!
Seriously stressin right now! Wish would put in just to benefit my fantasy team finals- Need the win!
All I have done today is play with fire
I am in a dream. Less than an hour until Iron and Wine live at The Alabama Theatre.
There's a large moth in my office and my husband isn't here and I think I might die if it flies at me the end.
So true, "Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same." ~ Francesca...
Now that's what i'm talkin about and , I actually didn't! Good fact!! :)
just posted some new shows and finished another new song...hope to unveil soon...
Just tasted #life for the very first time!!!
i look forward to the time when this fever ends and i rejoin a world where coffee always sounds good and tv is mostly dumb
In case you missed it last night, I'M BACK. Sorry for my absence, but The Belt is back and better than ever.
tightest they have ever been!
The smallest bookstore still contains more ideas of worth than have been presented in the entire history of television. - A. Ross
When all else fails! Get drunk!
well if that's the case, just get up and walk out of class lol
what do you think will hurt more: Cryst leaving or Wilson graduating?
get her album it's cool.. And yea that Gotye song is perfect haha
Lol RT : That sound you just heard was every GM in the NBA picking up the phone to propose a deal with the
because u wasnt followin me but i'll follow you back.
Every coffe drink is now made with organic milk! TASTY, CREAMY and HEALTHY!
ain't that the truth!
Yall got what yall wanted. Im gone like a ma fucka.
I cannot argue with that right now. Have you seen another team that hits as many bad shots as UL does?
the rapper nobody cares about is walking up Pierce again
great doc and discussion. I learned much.
no plzz dont quite my world tour well miss u justin
from the planet Lesbonia they came.
so who exactly is taking his spot in the rotation when it comes up in 4 days??
I think we might have known each other in another life, I think we might just meet each other on the other side
ok. 299 Glenwood Avenue, Bloomfield, NJ, 2nd floor. Service starts at 10am. I will send an email as well. Bring a friend if U like
I recommend you join - it's totally a fitness game! You level up and complete quests and the community is amazing.
Thank u so much, Pam!! xoxo
Princess James should try hockey since they dont have a 4th Q
I agree! Looking forward to more conversations. :)
Got some bacon bitters at :)
"Basketball Sad" might be my new favorite phrase. Thanks for that,
go listen to their songss !(:
YOU ARE WELCOME. HAPPY 18th BIRTHDAY BEST FRIEND. Promise I'll sing it once my voice is back <333 buon compleano a te !!!! <333
I can't see what this refers to but I'll assume Eve 6. Been enjoying your updates from the road!
My eyes hurt from looking at too much illusion shit in physics
A storm in your heart reminds you, you're still alive, & you have a lot to live for. Storm proudly.
Having a great #AORN12! Talked to hundreds of nurses on improving processes & storage in the OR. Last day today and ready for more!!
A non-catchy press release can cause a great story idea to be ignored simply because the person receiving it won’t instantly see the story.
Jimmy D is a fuckn Gangsta!!!
CupCake Keep Barking !
I shall see you tmrw at sears! (:
Thanks for becoming a fan, William Jenkins!!
GM Ladies
ah...the pains indeed..... #VeryAwkward !!!!!!!!!! Its called using your big kid words and TALKING!!!!! haha
#Panthers take ILB Luke Kuechly with the 9th overall pick in the
Back in the groove.. Great weekend in the valley of tuneage
enjoy some Final 4 java!
This throat is on fire
a $1 and a dream so i bought $3 worth
THE BEST RAPPER ALIVE!
thx to #OccupationalHealth&Safety a few fitness & health tips for employees (like me) who sit at a desk most of the day...
I honestly thought my brother was smarter than that..
We want to eat ' house! MT Going home to finish making salted caramel ice cream & roasted garlic mashed potatoes.
shout out to .... It is what it is
I'm really gonna miss her singing at last #Etta James
Challenger Learning Center e-Mission TODAY at NLD booth at 4:15 - don't miss it
thanks for the retweet!
Alcohol starts to kicks in and I'm still have to get out late night w/ our neighbors ... this is amazing :-) :-)
Happiness is discovering you're off work the next day. Booyah!
.6? Ur really good at keeping track of your seconds.
naw I've been like this for like a week. Took Benadryl before the game yesterday so I wouldn't sneeze the whole time
It was great talking with you. Saturday will be fun. See you there!
lifetime achievement award last nite at #worlds50best restaurant awards in London. Per Se #6, French Laundry re-enters at
In addition to reminding America of the Bush economy meltdown...you might want to mention Bush's anemic average jobs/mo
My dad annoys me so bad, I can't stand sitting next to him... I just had to get up and leave.
Why do ugly bitches wanna be models but the ones who actually have the body, and face for it wanna be something else??? #NowThat'sFuckedUp
It's a 5 STAR debut! Make that rockstar approved. ;-)
Another night making hash
I'd tell him, but he already blocked me!!
Happy to help!
(cont) Yes, #Flyers fans, by all means trade away your underpaid 30+ goal power forward...The man would be a freakin' cult hero in this city
From : 6 reasons the next generation needs us to solve hunger. Can you think of others that you would add to the list?...
The weather has me stuck in the office doing desk work. I would rather be outside cleaning windows!
They called and reminded me yesterday too. Just hard to break that morning routine, I guess.
what's the format my man?
Some white girls got some big asses
SEX FACT: A study found that 84% of women have had sex just to ‘keep the peace' with their partner.
No problem! You've created a great resource!
Happy 200th Birthday to Charles Dickens!
I'm about to pull up
• Please. Tell me. Why it's abbreviated R. Please.
lmfao duh bitch i kno and u already kno what im doin after prom :))))))
THANK U HE IS SUCH A GOOD BOY I JUST LOVE BEING A MOMMY
Somebody I use to knoww
Funny, how I wrote on a recent KNBR survey that it needed more (or any) female voices and !Oila! Keep up the good work!
Send me your N00dz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
You jam out to the back street boys straight guy? Lol traffic
The pessimist complains about the wind, the optimist expects it to change, and the realist adjusts the sails.
": Never take me on a date and start randomly singing to me. I will just laugh, you are no trey songz." What if I do that?? :)
yeah it is. We've cut about as much out of our budget as we can at this point, so now it's work all the overtime I can get.
Already following!
my suggestions either walk to Dunken or eat one of her health-nutrition-bars (first choice trumps the risk of abduction i think)
Is it just me or is this a universal artist problem? Are all artists procrastinators? I know I am and it's a habit I'm trying to get out of.
#procrastination..... Ill do it later....
' my fault I got word too late!
VA Beach? Omg you must be freezing. I so badly miss the beach.
I haven't been on Twitter in so long I forgot my password. :/
Good nite Monster.!
awkward! :P
Do you want to get your business on Broad Ripple Bar Scene? Contact for info
- Have you ever driven a Hybrid? I would like an electric but I live in the city and don't have parking so that does not work.
Niggas that are Pacer fans talk shit about the Heat as if they aren't one of the top teams in the league
preservation staff: breaking down walls in the university... hopefully.
you need sleep! Lol good luck on the interview
Feeling super productive today--let's make some culture!
individual negotiate credit card debt. Debt consolidation is the method
sounds good. see you soon!
haha I will try not to...I do the voice pretty good though, but nothing will ever top yours :-)
...gunshots?! WHAT IS HAPPENING???
All these #Brewers contract extensions are meaningless if they don't lock up Greinke.
story says that's a likely factor.
Anyone else still at work? Show of hands... Yup. That's what I thought.
Patrick was fantastic this morning on the panel. Really great to hear him speak
Nobody really deserved to win this game.
thanks Isaac! I think you are a really cool game as well!
Races this weekend I am thinking yes:) #watchingMyDadWreck again
I'm just never gonna meet Austin :')
If you don't watch porn while checked in to a hotel, the terrorist win.
denver is fuckin terrible
I mean i know that as of right now they're just reairing the old ones...but they did acquire the rights...and i get to watch in hd! :) :)
tired of playing "victim".....you want a fire? let it burn, bitch.
well that's no fun
Never plan a future with someone who doesn't have a future planned for themselves
it actually does resemble us...I luv the huge eyes & exaggeration of the blunt & flames! Thanx 4 bringin my vision to life!
1666 followers! bad or good luck?
That's gud:-)
Oh. It's an eye, not a doughnut.
; staying fit with #zumba is easy and requires minimal motivation. It's always a heart-pumping party filled with sweaty fun :)
Same here man. Left my old job and started my career this past Monday.
I think Meryl was three Streeps to the wind! Atta' girl!
If I ever become famous or rich I will donate all my money to animal cruelty! I want to fucking murder every person who has purposely (c)
Would you know the face of your most active Facebook fans if they walked into the room? -
This chick just got into Spelman & Howard #GoodShit man #proudbestfriend . . .even though I'm mad at her at the moment -_-
<f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0097>I'll let you explain. It better be a good reason<U+2755><U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
The Future of Global Power Part II w/ David Rothkopf of Foreign Policy THURS 1 pm ET "Power, Inc."
I was just an infant when POTUS was sporting that fro.
You're welcome!:)
GURU......Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal.....R.I.P
I don't want to have a crush on Kristen Schaal. It's just beyond my control, you see.
RT Are Twitter follower counts the new RSS? | RT : #ttlmke Interesting statment which I happen to agree with.
soo what did you do in school? :) <3
I could have sworn u were already following. I'm sure I ddnt unfllw u. . . shkng fist: TWITTER
I must admit, I haven't yet... But im super keen to get in a viewing this week sometime
Is going to Mount Sinai today too see my bitches!!! <3 love you whores <3 <3 MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!! <3
Happy first day of the semester! What are you most looking forward to teaching this semester?
Gaye Delorme now joins Star Mentors (Grammy Nominated) Writer of "Ear Ache My Eye" - Cheech and Chong www.StarMentors.com
Good Morning !
Mitt Romney keeps saying it was his wife who insisted that he run for president. But how many people did she ask first?
Someone needs to update me on this fight! Team Cotto!
"You can't follow trends, you have to listen to what's inside you. What is the story you're trying to tell?" --Marcus Sanuelsson
Google Voice are out of 212 area code telephone numbers, and we have plenty, get a 212 telephone number for your Google email account.
Jennifer Hudson need to put that weight watchers shit down..she gettin too damn skinny
Nice take on Radio Music. Funny, just turned in a JazzTimes profile on her today! I had a slightly dif view than u on the CD
I don't remember ever using phonogr-aim in a tweet. #TweetCloud says otherwise.
holly having a Super Bowl party tomorrow r u. Who do u want to win
I tuned in late to and—surprise—Mr. Columbus Sports Guy was talking about the NFL. *click*
thanks for the follow :)
write stuff down - "your head is absolutely the worst place" to keep migration steps
Just arrived in Lexington, KY for this year's INCS conference, "Picturing the 19 C." Looking forward to it!
Wtf is wrong with jay bilas?
Screaming kids everywhere. Parents need to learn how to control their kids. I know mine didn't let me act like that when we were here.
followed! Follow back?
Beware of my encyclopedic knowledge of 70's arena-rock lyrics
Purple the Phenom. Hm, kind of rolls off the tongue.
Maybe I'll tweet a pic to you when I wear it. I think it might be hard to find buttons that match it though.
#Austin any questions for a Latino? I can take it.
idk it's just so weird it's bothing big my nick is just hurting me
why are the refs in the ACC so bad? The quality of the officiating reflects very poorly on the league.
Snowing in Chicago for the 2 week countdown of the Culby Ten Christmas album.
Well, if Hemingway could drink himself to oblivious, why can't we? Plus, we'd be helping make HIBF2012 a big success! 5pm !!
Wierd moment when I go in to church high for ged omg I feel wierd
Have a great Easter remember what today is about
TY for all your support!! Can't wait for the Conference Saturday!
Oh c'mon Brooklyn fine I HATE YOU bastard/slut/whore/cunt/Nigga/bitch!! Jk :P
Best way 2 not get mugged is 2 be eating a fried chicken wing, sucking on the bones.
Watching a movie in mr.Corona's :{]D
Spa week is coming....what would you like to get done this year? Tell us your best Spa services you would like
I love you and follow me!
what is the 1/2 A 41 game plan?
News Flash: Josh Hamilton is really good at baseball!!
Got back from The Green House Event at CBS Studios with speaker who was awesome and had tons of great informative things to say!
GUUURL LOOK AT THAT BODY! I WORKOUT!
oh ok, kool. I'm pulling together resources in branding myself as an author...maybe soon u can giv me a lil direction
Working hard on some awesome music for ya'll!! :)
lol my profile picture has nothing to do with the illuminati. i was just havin fun.i didnt know what else to do.
's #VMA performance was awesome...can't wait to see him tuesday in denver!!
Oh hell no come on baby
Or do you breeze by it?
If you aren't following , do so ... he's a fellow member of the Weimeraner Worshipers Society
Headed Home Prolly Fina Mak A Couple Calls
I was wondering if those massages were worth it? looked like they were doing a good job.
;) I like it rough
#IfLilBIsARapperThen he's probably about to quit, because he seen this trend.
you aint wetting nobody nigga you canada dry! Lmfao! Damn!! Common > drake
#Grown&Sexy night 2nite...very nice dinner....then stopped 2 tell Jamie J happy b'day....now....hm
It wasn't hedging was it? It was speculating. But you speculate with our retirement accounts. Yes?
Blushing and all that cute stuff ^.^
I'm with you. Let's schedule something soon.
Talk about a profoundly quiet Tuesday afternoon. Is anyone doing anything interesting?
I'm near Anderson Rd - lost power and cable but back on - loud and heavy winds!
my last real serious relationship was with my bd wow thats so sad that was like 4 yrs ago
Saw a tufted titmouse at a peanut feeder today (and making a lot of racket). I don't see them often, but neat birds!
That is fact.
Happy birthday.
Panthers may now have a QB and LB who should be consistent Pro Bowl (caliber) players for 10+ years.
Excellent idea! FB invites welcome!
Do not put lit candles on phone. -- On the instructions for a cordless phone.
Am I the only one that started to realize what some songs actually meant as I got older??
a good little break from cereal. :-) How'd it go last night?
Being worried you're not dressed up enough for a non-middle eastern party and then you show up and everyone is in jeans
Thanks ! Attn new grads: Looking in Chicago? Submit resume to !
you out there all night?
I like it!
Tonight was a good night
Yup -- that's me! (I didn't recognize you from your puppet avatar...) How's life in MI?
Hugo?!?! All is completely wrong.
is everyone going ma?
": Cruising I-25 north bound.. Searched "Red". Instant directions to Red Robin! #dukecity #ABQ" - FAIL, should be Red Chile!
still can't go to sleep!
Nobody wants your drama.
good morning...how are you today?
Wats the biggest open card sort u'v done? How did u analyze it? Luv to hear ur experience for my #upa2012 preso
Pirates baseball
Everyone in the band is laughing that I can't drive a stick shift. They make me feel like I'm a 12 year old girl...evan
Definitely the case with me. RT : To others the stage is the only home they ever knew of
Until you know that life is interesting - and find it so - you haven't found your soul. ~Geoffrey Fisher
We are family because we have one Father..this is what binds us together
Big Bro straight hustlin.
I keep A LOT inside.
Thanks Doug and what have you been up to this past month?
Just put in my application for Catlanta tonight, or should I say
A press's strategic plan might fit in a single 140-character tweet. What would that look like?
Welcome to mystery. :)
<==I love it! Waiting to re-do the color on my arm too!
and I love your donna karan dress. way to represent bulgarian women!
Thankful for all of you and your fantastic activism! Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Its an indoor recess kind of day.
Looks like #Sony will be giving the opportunity to get up-close and personal with the on 11/22 in NY and LA.
If at any point you find yourself saying "this movie is so unrealistic" you should slap yourself because it's a MOVIE.
haha it is man
ha ha. You might have to!!
Happy birthday kayla::)
I had no idea so many of my colleagues were Potterheads.
Hit list, bomb threat, and a "fire" all in one day wow I think the fire was a cover for the bomb threat and hit list
If you could pick an 'at-bat' song for yourself, what would it be? I'd go with Back in Black by AC/DC.
Gray hair is a crown of splendor; it is attained by a righteous life, says Proverbs 16:31, so stop dyeing your hair ;)
HOW FAR along are you ??
@ the circus circus ugh
I will eat that, plz.
#YouWereCuteUntil you changed.
ah I just broke one of the sealents on my lower retainer thats glued onto the back of my lower teeth:(
#SmallBiz can be built easily when you give out free samples
and I got some really cool stuff to hang my jewelry on. That will be a project in itself! FUN project! I wore this really cool necklace yest
No dude its stats... I'm not doing a 5 page paper
We made it to 400 followers!!! Keep them coming please!!!
It's 41-24. Anyone holding out much hope or should I go ahead and call Dr. Murray?
Haha Thank you thank you! (: <3 : Color us tres jealous! Have fun, ladies. :)
Merry Christmas!
I FREAKING LOVE YOU TOO!!! <3
a new web-based studio,
will you guys be heading to Florida any time soon? :D
Seriously shopping for train tickets this weekend. It is time to come home.
ayyyyyo Mazi! Loved your #TEDxWDC talk, s/o for working in beautiful quote from The Prophet, keep up your important work
Love it.
In TextEdit you can just switch the file to plan text and then back. Formatting gone.
Picture me being scared of a n*gga that breathe the same air as me- BIG
“: Sucks some of us gotta kill ourselves doing cardio 2 get lean & there's dude walk at 2.0 & no incline" Dont get me started!
It was raining and now it's sunny, hope the sun sticks around!
You got any leads for shows ?
working with a number of amazing #lawyers training and coaching them on #rainmaking tactics. Loving life!
I will be leaving for Los Angeles at the end of September. Meetings with some big names! Details soon... Wish me luck!! =)
Super Duper Big Congrats to our beautiful
#games Shopping Cart Hero 3
Hey there, (eshrack), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Nice! Thanks for listening!
“: Shouts to !!” our homie to the north!
That bag is quite fetching, as is Erin. She could be a part... time... model.
Great day! Merry Christmas & good night tweeps:-)
Tanks came in; so much better than we could have hoped for. How much should we charge? What do you guys think is a reasonable price?
: whats up stranger? How are you?
your welcome.<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Thx for response. It's interesting noting the reactions in media differ based on location. Still workin out how I feel about UK
RT if your kinda jealous of Paige...everyone is
Eighteen tons of Greek yogurt... Would that fill the reflecting pool east of the Lincoln Memorial?
this bitch
It's #HumpDay! Who else is looking at the week as half full?! Your wine glass better not be! :-)
I do, however, commend the GSA on the charmingly-named "pasta reception station." That's the GSA I know.
Vermin Supreme 2012
Dancing by myself.
you talking about mke mayor? no tom, no. bad dog.
short notice, but i see tickets are still available for the thinking about going... someone talk me into/out of it
the same
Waddup Mrs. Hall. Sending you a lot of love right now!
Last weeks post were RTs from May 2011, so I'll try to have some new material for my longtime followers this week:)
LonnyMag.com is my new favorite online treat. What fun flipping through the virtual pages of this innovative, fresh-faced publication!
haha... how about "Terry Forster: Fat Tub of Goo"
Drunk :-D...mission accomplished!
So busy i forgot to tweet, i need to get back on it.
duhon slows everything down!!!
not at all, just made yourself look like the delusional, retarded gump that you are! #osu>bammer
Booking Holiday events
#inhighschool u won't be popular unless u go along w/ everything the in-crowd does and act like you're somebody you're not.
"Christianity at any given time is strong or weak depending upon her concept of God." - A.W.Tozer
u can do one more saying something u rocking wit partyboy djz of san antonio or someshit but u kno swag that bitch out bro
will b interesting to see what Adobe does w/ their forum. If its like the google group it fails. A place w/o recruiters would b nice
Consumer spending is 46% higher with companies that offer loyalty card programs. What are you waiting for? Contact us today!
Having a mission will mean you'll always come back to the path that keeps you going to that target or goal.
"More stars than there are in the heavens". -MGM's tagline in the 1930s/1940s
About to watch Hunger Games up in heeyah!
falling asleep to 11:11. I love life. &
Check out the Version by the Killers.
Finally in Jersey..
Well...it IS Taco Tuesday...
LETS GO BREWERS!!!!!.just not 2 philly
Working hard to get ready for our Evening Dinner Program, doors open at 3 until 6pm for women, children, & families. Discussion group 2night
i hate it ugh
I spent some time with CEO of Chinese company that has new tech for 250W commercial lightbulbs. They use 1/3 power and last 6 times longer!
to all of my 7.2 followers used to my 1 tweet every 2 wks, excuse the tweet binge, its extremely rare.
First quarter done in Helena, Mont. Georgetown trails Carroll 7-0 in the NAIA football playoff semifinal.
After three quarters of play; Grizzlies lead 56-55. Teams shooting a combined 36% from the field.
The team all went on assignment to experience the delights of Have you signed up yet?
a month now -__-
Dnt act like it!!!
GMCVB- we work hard every day to promote #Madison and it sure is hungry work
back in SOMA after a nice lunch at the new Facebook HQ. Now coding up some api changes.
Crap. <--How I'm feeling and what my driveway is gonna look like in the morning.
Yet #7 thought 100+ ROOKIES are better (4th rounder?!). Horrible trade
well hello there! Enjoying the Alexan :)
occupy the vote
fuk my my bro nd gave him brain .. n she expect for me to luv ha .. i cud neva b a lame
INFINITE LAW & ORDER SPINOFFS!! I think I'm in love with you.
Lets be honest life is just an illusion
#mobile2012 sessions to include "Digital Writers Workshop," "Second Language Learners in the 21st Century" & "Digital Textbook Revolution."
Why is YottaaMonitor hitting our web server so often?
come smoke with us
Twins give me the angries.
What we gone do with you now (SMH) lol
she is awesome. Yes, next week is a doozy! :)
To clarify it was a teenager who had noticed my ring and asked the price. Yes it was rude, but she's 13 so I give her a bit of a pass.
#jerzdayfinale yeah buddy!<3 so excited(:
Please join and for a demo day on Talent Management - Wed March 7th, 1pm EDT
Whitney Houston Casket Photo Was Probably Leaked by Tina Brown (Bobby Brown’s Sister)
...find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don't do that by sitting around wondering about yourself. - Katharine Hepburn
k cool if u follow me we could direct message?
lol... to funny!
ohh ok then thanks!
Although your exciting to watch , you kill dogs, and I'm not cool with that. Eagles suck. Philadelphia sucks.
Sleet & Snow in dallas
Please follow me! ily u guys
Awesome 2 hear that!! #OU has the best fans ever & the best team too!!:-)
yeah. Lol, what bout you?
Need a last minute holiday gift? Check out wonderful children's books at www.facebook.com/gbookguilddc.
I officially got to 100 followers! Thanks so much guys!
It's Friday and the last day of classes for junior year...
the sun isn't up enough to be called the crack of dawn yet
You guys are awesome.
I'm not certain, but I don't think so.
Hello , please help :) Where can I get customer support for items ordered via Amazon?
I'm depressed, was thinking about it earlier, right now I'm ok
thanks for the well wishes everyone!
Lakers better finish
Wearing a dress i feel
Vanity Insanity tonight! RT : Heading to Vegas Tonight with !! Woopwoop
She's drunk again, isn't she?
thank u
Math mentor text pick #9: Minnie's Diner: A Multiplying Menu by Dayle Ann Dodds, Illustrated by John Manders. Keep following!! ;0)
Hope you're having a safe flight!(:
Sweet Hume Alabama.
EPTI BUY BUY BUY Mega runner here
very good! working away in nyc while you gallivant across the globe!!!
They definitely could have used Green w/ Harden out last night.
“: It's My Birthday<U+2665> (:” happy. Bday
just letting you know I had some of your oatmeal from your desk today. Is it supposed to taste weird/funny?
Great stuff Alan!
You gotta love #sbchat varying opinions, passion for the #sportsbiz and great perspective. Thank you all for your participation!
I can tell by the photos for the senior issue that choir kids get the most pictures taken, even more than football players.
Life can be so difficult
thanks for following me !
You can tell a child is growing up when he stops asking where he came from and starts refusing to tell where he is going. <U+30C4>
EVERYONE GO WISH MY BESTFRIEND, ,A HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :) Xx
Just got done posting new products to my shop:www.wilsongraphics.etsy.com
picks the cats to the house for #8. Calling them selfless and blue-collared mentality, just going bout their biz punching the clock
Come follow us at our new handle , don't miss out!
THIS. RFT!!! “: Time to put that "mask" on to show people that I'm not hurt *smiles* :)”
hahah you should give me advice?
Bamboozle Roadshow in a few. Kind of excited!!
Fox Point getting nailed.
...Still time to register for this week's Microsoft Access Intermediate & Word Basic courses. Info & Registration: www.shortcourses.uwm.edu
"Tea with Mussolini" is one of my all-time favorite films...
If only lol!
"Nothing sat forever, not even your troubles - A. Glasow
"I loves you and your math bandaids that fix my math booboos."
Forget childbirth, I always wonder how she dealt w/ toddler years. "You might be the Messiah, but you can't climb my counters!"
So sorry to hear about the Getty staff cuts. We love that place..
Cheers to to freakin' weekend... We will drink to that!
SEO- the practice of improving a website in both functionality and relevancy to users to help it rank well in search engines.
The face to face seminar at 4PM is still on - LTB 2153
hats off to Humber, quite an achievement regardless.
Listening right now! RT : techweds with today!
found (and removed) tick on Georgy.
That would be a fun one! Browne looked great last night.
DM me the account tel #, i'll take a look. it could be the modem config file or router issue.
No luck yet...think there's some goop inside, behind the ball, which is not a phrase I thought I'd have to type today.
It feels great to break a good sweat at the gym!
I just finished a 1.08 mi run with a time of 11:21 with Nike+ GPS.
Re add to bbm phone. Fuck up re set it piss off
mine will be a surprise!!!!
I'm sitting here w/your mom. Any messages?
Salsa and Guac in restaurants may increase foodborne illness risk - undefined This is a good thing to watch out for
After 6 months of promos, I DVRed #Whitney, just to see how bad it would be. Made it four minutes before developing suicidal thoughts
My pastor, is headin 2 WhiteHouse 2 meet President 4 Easter. The 1 person I would want 2 meet him, it's my Pastor
Took me 11 months, but I'm finally starting to fill out son's baby book.
Went to the #OccupyBohemaindGrove planning meeting. got my democracy on, lol. It was great to meet more people in the move
had an urge to tweet.
Chilling with and cracking up.
have radial graphs been built into #d3?
at school. lol im tired.
that would be Bunk Gardner
you got a great haircut...FOR A COP !!!
"Once successful, you need to be significant" says #afpmeet philanthropist of the year Denny Sanford in a recorded message.
Permanent changes I might regret, so I'm limiting my current beauty innovations to short-term looks
wait, cody is coming back to los angeles, right?
And there's a bird in the office again...
our tivo is missing all program info but shows it is successfully connecting to tivo service?? Just happened out of blue. Advice
": yu sexy too boo ;)" thank u :) don't b a stranger tho
Touch down, vacation city.
#CSU do some work today!
Anybody know of any part time evening jobs?
im Tyler, wbu??
Kendall please notice me? Iloveyou so much . I wish to be your worldwide girl but you won't notice me:'(
dude i know it's so sad :(
No problem!
News helicopter hovering over central/north Baltimore for no apparent reason. B-roll or something more interesting?
Wenndy: "Why do they call they call them wide receivers if they're so skinny? So what's a tight end mean? The tight ends must be loose."
NYC to Milan!
#plankaday complete...not as pathetic as yesterdays :)
Great experience with , replaced my Kindle no questions asked and sending via express shipping.
That's totally normal...lol
Training class today to operate the Kodak 9300. Panoramic & 3D volume pari-apical pictures.
Oceans Eleven before going to bed
Sometimes just stopping long enough to take it all in makes us so appreciative of this wonderful #Hawaii Island we call home
Q2 Again, it;s not about selling, Report the news via #Facebook Page, not just your brand’s news, tie in the real news
Brand new, brand is good. Looking toward the Hills, no shades on.
I need to stop having sex for awhile.
It's about time follows me.
yoga pants, fleece, sneakers, high pony, and sunglasses. Optional: reusable water bottle, headband, look of silent desperation.
Are you twitter stalking me and reading this? answer me!
:o girls don't poop
What now? I do feel I failed. Thanks, grandma. Didn't expect warmth, hugs and cookies, but this?
I honestly could not pick.
This is true. If I can ever afford a logician/bookkeeper, you're hired.
Speak from your heart or don't say a word :)
happy mothers day to all the mothers esp mine and my grandma/tt
I love Louis
We're living in the era of celebrating 50th anniversaries for everything that happened in the 60s
or work at a homeless shelter
So fucked up.. bout to call it a night cuz I can't move
Won lacrosse gamee<U+2665> Still undefeated!
Hop up on the phones, turn my swag on
I just finsh wrting the best goal building webinar ever.
purchased some special 1 year anniversary items today :)
By far the floating floors are what people are choosing!!
RT So az in this mixtape has secured its place on my iphone MG u have earned a new fan
For me, the #1 cause of sadness is someone elses's pain or sadness. I hate to see someone else sad =/
Sometimes ya just need a vodka tonic.
Stay strong, buddy. If anything, we're here for you. :)
It's official- coffee and I are no longer friends. I need to just learn to get adequate sleep at night in order to stay awake. Tummy dying.
Got $1 for my Ethics book. Thanks Kennedy's!!
I wish my computer at work was an actual person. I don't think I've ever cursed our & flicked off anyone as much over the past 2 hours.
Happy Birthday See you in Catlanta. I'll be the one wearing blue!
J.S. Edwards has it's first green brand made from bamboo and organic cotton, come check it out
Also, congrats on your new baby!
Watching "My Week With Marilyn". Branagh is a stitch!
Feeling proud for unlocking my blackberry 8700g to sell on the black market (Amazon)
Right like, Its hot af
I can't begin to explain how much I loved the #BeastieBoys I grew up with Ad Rock from Paul's Boutique to Hot Sauce Committee.
Hope you have an awesome 18th birthday and you get everything you want! Best wishes!
Look at you go!!! *claps*
Who knew it'd be hard to find a liquor store in WV? The REAL value of my iPhone is now apparent.
Every day of the week feels like a Monday except Friday's ..
What's this I'm hearing about an injury...???
kind of left out that I'm not watching #T4StarsLive :( Oh well, I did go to T4OTB so I do kinda know what it'll be like :) xx
They sound like a lovely gift though! Hope she enjoys them. :)
hahaha how lucky would she be if that comes true?
hey u are Twins bro? I thought u was him da whole time cthu but I just saw his twitter n was like wth?
Shakespeare couldn't write tragedies better than some of these dances I'm seeing.
love the new picture. Whenever you can get here.
what is the class? i am not here next thurs! RT : I found our next NYSC class this class is the jam. See you next Thursday.
Thanks for an awesome time. Thanks to all that bought shirts...you killed it!!!
I used to love the Lou Lord!
I know you guys are busy... but since Uganda is trending and I work with please follow if you can. We help kids deal with trauma
Very productive writing sessions last week! This weeks starting the same.
Thanks for following, April. Enjoy your weekend.
Saw a fat lady with a mini skirt.. She bend down and didn't have any underwear. , Luis, and I are tramatized now
babe you will be my hubby when i turn 21
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Can't wait to get home I'm exhausted
</3 good or bad? Facebook me or something
We can design anything you need! www.stardesignsa.com What sort of design are you looking for?
"Knock knock." "Who's there?" "Daisy" "Daisy who?" "Daisy me rollin', they hatin'"
Happy Sweet Sixteenth B-day to daughter
Tomorrow at two.
Video gaming helps solve "lazy-eye" gamers have "exceptionally strong eyes for contrast"....play video games with a dr note?!...
I got my first mosquito bite last night!
NO ONE SHOULD EVER FEEL the way i did last night... rude
Let me say im sorry Titus Torrence Morgan and explain later lol
“: Still trying to warm my bones from singing at the Milwaukee City Tree Lighting!! Had fun but #bur!!!”
I'm like in LOVE with 's meat dress.
the bench. Who would trade for him?
Would love to read the student paper at some point.
Just rocked it out to the
Hello everyone Thank God for seeing another day :)
Forgive the intrusion but you all at McC rehearse on Mondays? Mondays are always our day off. Just curious.
best email ever!!! still absorbing
Lunch at Chipotle!
Haven't been able to find where Toquiwa is playing today. If you figure it out, I'd like to go.
that's awesome,i'm sure they'll find something with life form.there are 356 billion galaxies
come to Indianapolis?
everyone dies, but not everyone lives.
The person who really loves you isn't the person who sees you everyday, but the one who looks for you everyday.
Bball later weather permitting?
Welcome Matt Smith! Member #100!!
Too late, she's already gone. HA! I will tell her tomorrow.
ooc; to my last to tweets
The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. Chief Joseph
Proud of the year that's gone by, all we've achieved and the apps we've built #whatayear Bring it on
Had to be Hunter.
Hay thanks!
New music coming soon! Last album called "To Eva With Love".: HEY GOT A LINK WHERE I CAN CHECK OUT SOME MATERIAL
Hey - what section are the Buff Fans in at the Pit?
um well they both have "A"'s in them! :)
I guess I'll find out after the press conference and victory parade.
Respect those friends who find time for you in their busy schedule, but really LOVE those who never see their schedule when you need them.
I have a question for u gaiz. What would u do(how would u react) if u figured out that i was dead? Be honest
my high School car was a red 1970 340 Cuda - still my favorite car ever!
Having torn my ACL, I know how Mariano Rivera feels. Not a Yankee fan, but this is something I wouldn't wish on anybody.
I really hope other fields don't start crowing about science "failing" or somesuch--that Sarewitz can write such a thing is its strength.
God you are my passion.. And we live to know you more!---- that should be our prayers today!
so right
If there's a chance your oral history project may be made available to the public, get interviewees to sign consent forms! --Guha Shankar
Try my Spicy Raja Jalapenos, w herbed red onion, red cabbage, and carrots
Miami Heat season starts on Xmas day!!
Yeah, except I don't have to use google translate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
that's a relief!! I just feel sorry for the #DirtyHippies! :-) RT You are certainly in the 'Music Lover' category ;)
wow, #caps did it! down go the bruins...
Just watched and absolutely loved #Veep. never fails.
HAHA! RT : RT : Hm. Will #Trump demand to see the long-form death certificate?
Rough week.
I don't know that they are always the most powerful parts but I will say, sometimes lyrics can't convey what a heart feels...
... Why do I follow you
When people ask me why I didn't text them <<
Yes! I like the sound of that!
That's so cool. I heart the Smithsonian.
Bout to get this shape up...
I also think it isn't just about the event. You have to have already built a network for social media to be effective.
Cue Nenah Cherry. Oh, wait...that was Buffalo Stance...
Thanks for the RT. How's it going?
yo is chicago coming up or do you think new york is running this!!!
Ross loves rape.
#before you assume, learn the FACTS !
not sure
Love that Ark banner in the background is an auto insurance company
Instead of telling God how big your problems are, tell your problems how big your God is. Amen?
you mad bro? LOLOL
major fire visible in bayview...
Have a lighting project and overwhelmed with all the choices? Contact us and get a professional design without the hassle> factory direct
What online resources would you recommend for Mompreneurs?
Drinks on me...For me not you.
probably got hacked, better change your password, it happened to me on here once
“: Am I the only person NOT watching the derby today?”—Commie
Darius Miller has seen more threes tonight than ...
I have the most kickass and cool mom out there #shesthebest... Spending all day with her doing what we love to do, shop!
Just singing the praises of 's book on cook things from scratch! Made the yogurt, and I will never do store-bought again!
FYI ... The RSS for Blueshirts Blog is all screwed up (at least using Google Reader) ... the same articles post over and over
Since Federer has chosen to play Rome, his task is to win 3 matches and make the semis. Berlocq shouldn't be a problem; JCF/Gael in R-16s.
your mom is so cool :P
Psh. Ron Moore beat 'em to it on many a BSG podcast.
Baboons Can Recognize Words After training, the apes learned to figure out whether a new word was real or fake.
lol stop trying to look cool on twitter and just admit that you lost so we can move forward and have our rematch! Lol
don't lie Ryan you miss me already
Tweet us with the hashtag #USAinNYC to win a woodblock print from ! The top 5 tweeters will WIN!!! Get to it!
Pool full of girls and just a few homes with Carné on the grill. Todays a good day.
When you follow God you may encounter trouble, but remember God overcame the world. Don't be afraid to step out in Faith.
-makes you a sandwich for your trip- xD
@ istanbul,such a sunny beautiful day...
This new Twitter....not workin
I'm only on chapter 3, but so far I think 50 shades of grey should be renamed 50 shades of shit.
Beavis and Butthead writers. What were they thinking in the beginning? What were they smoking? Why did people love it? Bcause it was funny?
awh i see :/ you missed MT!
Not sure yet! I should know something soon! I'll let ya know when I do! Got n appt 2schedule around & thats what's changing
what is ur street team about?
Insights from Acad : User testing can be bad for getting things done - too many great ideas. Produce, drunk-test, do!
Despite a tech glitch, had a gr8 discussion about the cultural significance of #GITMO on a politics of representation at
Not sure what "What's done is done" is supposed to mean? I don't bury bodies, I dig 'em up and report it to the authorities
The J. Lohr Wine Tasting @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar. Wednesday March 25th 6:30pm
Hola, Bella! Nice to have you :)
I hope so!!! I filmed 2 episodes for season 2 so far, so we'll see!!
My hands they itchin they intchin for dhat paper
OMG...... I Cant Believe I Just Ate A Huge Cup Of Ice Lemon && Salt(#Angel) My Stomach Hurts
Women r hunters & boots r our pray. It's boot season y'all & I havent pulled the trigger on any yet but hoping 2 find the pair of my dream.
When can an offender be apprehended?
Made a whole pot of coffee without putting in the
“: Wait they....he was 600 sumn lbs...how is that even possible” Stop girl, <U+E40A>
Guys that can sing <U+2665>
Boston lets fuggin Go
Lets cause a scene like lovers do on silver screens<33
Thanks for the props, Mike.
we played better at our worst!
We are definitely making these this weekends! Thanks Meg! xo
you sound like a pedifile..
Still has yet to allow a run.
Homemade Limoncello paired with the Local Strawberry Sorbetto = perfect combo!!! Thanks
I wonder what tricks the GOP establishment will come up with, to tamp down the faction at the coronation.
how do you win?!?! I love Paul
I think the city that were from just kinda ruined things ..
Earthday is this weekend, remember there is no Planet B!
Learn how to make beautiful mosaics from items you already have from home with Ron Reinheimer from WeissHouse in Sahdyside.
Just saw a dude walk out of the shower with a bathing suit on. LOL.
RT : ": I need sex. Now."so twittering that is going to help u out you came to day rite place
Please Follow my real account at I am switching over today
ONLY because I really like my job.
Can somebody #tellmewhy I always spill something on myself when I'm wearing white?
#Padres are bringing Suppan up from A to pitch against #Brewers. Why?
Age is just a number.
Lyon hands out crash course handout re: J.L. Austin. Suggests Wikipedia entry, the "How to Do Things With Words" lectures as starting place.
Any thoughts on candidates to replace him?
Indeed, I am still praising and worship - the duo was outstanding and soul shacking!
I gat yo number now hoe I'm definitely Finn as call yo ass!! Right NOW
Bet award
We are on Google+, hit us up if you want an invite.
Feds worried for a short time yesterday's train crash west of Portland was terror attack according to Grant Coffe, hazmat coordinator.
Eh I think I'm getting sick. I'm going to go lay in bed and listen to
Just getting some conflicting information on whether or not I can join if I'm just a casual trader with no interest in PVP.
Thanks for the follow. Indiana now but 15 years on the Gulf Coast in Indian Rocks. Looking forward to your tweets
Los Angeles Voice Therapy tailors a custom program for individuals undergoing GRS - - its important to change the way you speak/communicate!
#tweetyourweight 236.2 lbs. Went biking today, going again tomorrow.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 37
Epic Aussie Open final!
I'm listening to It wasn't Me(: everytime I hear this it reminds me of
haha glad everything is ok
I can't stand LSU. Lets go Georgia!!!
For those interested in the concept of helicopter parents see www.collegeparents.org/cpa/about.html
Amazing night for TLA & The Legendary Dobbs 700 +ppl on 1 block for original music! The scene's where the music is, not what roof its under!
Ordered my urban decay :D
“: Titanic 3D. Waste of time and money. See the bitch not move over on the piece of driftwood to save her man in 3D.” lol…3D
I can't wipe the smile off my face. What a weekend. Best to you.
#Nuggets JaVale McGee is being too cute with passes.
We are now, Matt!
Can't wait to share more with you Sheena. Rock that sensuality and be fully present in your body. Be an example for all.
It's just kinda sad that all of this is hitting me at 4 in the morning like this when I don't have my mommy to talk to about it
I just wanna skip ahead to JROTC. My favorite period of the day.
& if you think I'm referring to you then I am Guilty Ass LMAO!! :)
seeing at post pavilion play the goyte remix made the crowd go crazy
Interesting timeline. What about learning?
still the leading cause
Words for today: Ambition & Hustle
It feels like a gloriously sad 80s sci-fi movie. Which I love.
lol naw, what was the story about?
Maher is a bad comedian talking politics. Rush is a political mouthpiece who is a bad person. Big difference
Finding out who I need in my life... and who I don't. Oh and who I really want to be in my life :)!
Order sent to Sandra in DC!
Love that game.
especially when they lick you all over your face
right on! wish more Guys were like u Caleb! :-)
Just saw a bride wandering the casino floor with two girlfriends. No groom in sight.
hahaha I just lost it
Looks like so much fun on a beautiful day!
Today on the Client Tour: , Midwest Eye Institute, USA Intercargo, and Indiana Municipal Power Agency! Big thanks!
Better do what you were put here to do & do it well like you mean it, or some 1 else sure will be happy to do it for you, & take your place.
I'm in the yearbook and my name is spelled right...I guess that makes my life complete.
Thanks for the retweet on the CityArts festival!
You grow by an average of 8mm (O.3in) every night when you are asleep, but shrink to your former height the following day
Damai Seaside Resort - By Far The Most Idyllic Tropical Seaside ...
RT : Are you going to stay connected to Penn w/ ? TIP: When you invite someone to your network, add a personal note!
E Vardell- Emergency Access Initiative is a coordinated librarian-publisher response for access to information resources.
#matteobologna makes interpolation sound so cool
Haters should be getting paid the most cause they are he best at doing their job
Ethiopian food is SO good. You eat it using this light, spungy pancake rather than fork.
Happy Monday! Hope you guys had a great weekend and wonderful mother's day. :)
something fishy with your account? Just got DM from you....?
When it rains it pours
uh yeah im getting ready to go back to school on aug. 24th :)
Really helpful info on the AP Stylebook auto tool. Thank you!
Lets go Brew Crew! We need that W! Fear the Beer!
Sorry - thought I was already following! I am now. DM away!
Marmalade Cat remix from Ten Neurotics completed, looking fwd to release in a few weeks.
I've had a lot of stomach pain. It doesn't let me sleep at night & when I finally fall asleep my hubby has to go to work.
Son said "pro-gay"... harharharhar
Watch your balcony—know how many people should be out there.
Headed to LA Fitness to hoop, the usual ... F'wit it!
bummed you cant make it home. Summer is best time here. Do you have a job lined up?
On Wait Wait Don't Tell Me: " Gottfried did not have sufficient grace & human decency to portray their interrupting duck"
What's your least favorite Yankees slogan? I couldn't stand "Looking Back, Looking Forward."
What a day. GO MAVS!
Some record store day treats are in the works, I'll give you a hint...
Woo I'm so bored :I
Can't find my ipod.....I'm dying I can't live without that thing :/
Mark's wise words of the day "one of these days people are gonna have to accept responsibility"
lol. With or without chopsticks can also be a pain. ;-)
never saw that coming.........
Most likely! I randomly have reactions to stuff but never to "natural" products.
Headed out to Anaheim/Disneyland Area if any ya'll want to meetup!
lol wen do my boobs NOT look big
no it turns into cottage cheese. lol :-)
WAR is almost on. Time to get our smoke on too. Durban Poison coming right up.
Hi, all. I'm headed to Frankfurt am Main next week, working at the MMK during the day (M-W), but with Sunday & eves free. What should I do?
me too
can u please follow me i will be the happiest girl in this world please
Thnx for including us!
Thanks for recommending our Fudge Dipped Coconut bar, We hope gives it a try! :)
"Get your cotton-picking' hands off me" sounds like it came from somewhere very racist.
so you're inviting me? lol
Now, the market manipulators seems to have lost control and the DOW seems headed for a bigger down day.
RT : It would be illogical not to wish Leonard Nimoy a happy 81st birthday today. LLAP, \\//,
To the cute girl at Starbucks by Vanderbilt around 3PM. If you get this it was meant to be. Or it could be creepy also.
your bus is gonna be straight then, & w.e ima have fun with my bus and chill with y'all when we get there
Keeping friends & family of Beastie Boys founder Adam "MCA" Yauch lifted 2day. He's 1 of many gone too soon becuz of
congratulations that's awesome!
EVERYONE, HE'S LYING!
hes so nice :-)
I'm SUPER impressed by #PlaystationMove's disc golf game. I could get used to this!
^ Then Moses and the Israelites sang this song to the LORD: “I will sing to the LORD, °for he is highly exalted. °Both horse and...
Sure looks like it.
Why is your Internet so horrible ? Seriously, dial-up circa 1996 would be an improvement.
Cool. Keep it up.
So because Kobe got sick, the rest of them can't shoot either?
can't wait for my original! I'm so lucky :)
#1ThingGirlsLove being sweet talked to.
Best product EVER!
let me get a shout out.!
Hey thanks for the follow, , and thank you SO much for coming tonight!!! You're the best!
Todays another good day i couldnt ask for better Loving life i hope everybodys feeling the same life is great..-YOUNG.S
just found out that i am NOT officially classed as a midget!!woop!!.
unfortunately I know!!
I feel at home whenever the unknown surrounds me
woahh this bitch is thirsty!
That makes 2 of us!!! ;) RT Nothing I like more than wine and gal pals!!
Happy mothers day to you. Boss loves you! :)
Look whose on 's homepage under member news. It's me! Or, it's www.aarweb.org
thanks! and will do ! (:
So blessed to have a man that can always make me smile
the mike daisey show at victory gardens is amazing!
Now booking for January and February!
don't act like you havent always been intimidated by me. Just be better.
Step Three: Prepare. Have a snack like nuts, fruits, or veggies handy when you are hungry.
So what's next NYC?
and NOT Jay-Z or Miss Blue Ivy either! LOL!
Omg its 4/20 lol what u all doing
I can't find this feeling I'm having about this boy but I like it <3
Lost another note. This one didn't have much in it but I'm getting frustrated.
KEEP BITCH MAGAZINE ALIVE! // RT Subscribe, renew, give a gift, or become a sustainer today! bit.ly/oRG2M4
I Neva Like U Anyway. Pretty MuthaPhucka.
It's like we're twins! lol
Heather Joseph of SPARC is talking now. Did you know that the Budapest Open Access Initiative definition of OA will turn 10 on 2/14?
Why am I so exhausted I want to cry
I look forward to it, old chap.
no joke
hater... No I'm doin it big so I forgot about the easy thing - the cupcakes lol
Give me your tumblr URLs if you have one. =]
real as can be. Between college and high on 17th. They even got the nazi sign up.
This. RT : I am the Steve Zissou of Bounce music.
3. There still are no REAL photos of "bigfoot" despite the high definition cameras now available
The mirror doesnt lie
the last interview I had, they checked my twitter RIGHT in front of me. Super awkward lmao
Beilein calling Ohio "Ohio University" is another reason I LOVE Shaka Smart's final Top 25 ballot. One guess who he did not include in T25.
my closet is a gaping black hole that swallows all my cute clothes :(
Yeah. That pic go HARD!!! I can't wait for the playoffs. I know you all going to bring it. They can't stop the
I was just way to close to getting attacked by my customers dog. My heart is beating so hard!
Going to the pool tomorrow ^__^
Putting out great brand new items at both stores! Got a great donation from a business, brand new stuff with price tags still on them!
can i ask u a question??? :D
Thanks for following all
determined to find more ancestors before hosting family reunion in May 2012 #orlando. need a #genealogy breakthrough...
thinks the people in the white coats need to bring their "A" game in order to win this hide and seek game we've been playing for years..
Congrats on your win today!!!
jordan writes songs.. i am aware.
first horse race I ever bet on
I hate how my friends are all like buying things and going shopping and I'm just like.. I have no money. Only in my card. Whatduhfuq.
They don't shut the fuck up and sit the fuck down!!
Oh bummer, we'll miss you!
Not who I would've drafted, but In Holmgren We Trust. I have faith in the Schwartz.
That is why I am on a long hiatus, girlfriend. LONG. I call it: Dishwashing my vag.
If you're using Chrome and Wikipedia is blue, go to View->Actual Size
Thanks Joe - Hope to see you out there and feel free to tweet us for a ride!
If you don't like you, the rest of us can't either
Merry Christmas Eve! Very excited for my husband's beef tenderloin in the rotisserie for Christmas Eve dinner tonight!
I LIKED 'Jeepers Creepers'!
Need a lunch recommendation for #lunch today in #seattle. Caphill/madison area preferable.
Damn then you beat me lol. Jeese what's next. There's too many social sites!
"I shouldn't be jealous... you aren't even mine!".
One receiving whale still awake. For now.
Pacman on mine :D
I am against Marriage period! Forever and ever, 68% of marriges end in divorce. I love you so much I want the govt involved in our love.
Something smells delicious but it is not coming from my apartment. and now I'm sad. and hungry. Sad and hungry.
Yes what a great weekend!! Rangers are headed to the World Series!! Had a great time with friends last night & football today .. Wooot <3
ride freestyle is dope
RAID THE CELLAR! Half off select reserve bottles on Sundays!
fo' sho. Given that I'm giving a talk on social media in a few days I opted to 86 it. I have enough problems. Good song though.
Waiting on Kobe for his post-game press conference.
don't cut it. Don't listen to the #dirtyrager lololol
blah its boring
Lakers should've won but they blew it. Stomach cramps all damn day. And now this shit. Just a bad day all around for me! Ugh!
out here, probably
": “: "17 Byron Nelson on Friday. Thought I won car~no dice #weekendonly :(" felt worse for ur caddie.. ;)
“ Fwd: Follow the KOKO Dennis Show today on Twitter or We follow back.”
#Mariners beat the #Tigers 3-2. M's scored all 3 runs in the 9th inning. John Jaso sac-fly RBI was the game-winner.
Missing it just isnt the same without you.:(
oh my god I'm literally crying holy omg my beautiful baby holy balls
She looks better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys Halle Berry, Miss Jolie, where’s she from? No I.D That girl’s an alien
oh. thats cool!
Hello Everyone!!!!!!! Young Trade Unionists Meeting tonight 7pm
<U+2610> Single <U+2610> Taken <U+2611> God is still writing my love story.
my mission is to find more videos and watch them. I need more laughter in my life..
hey Sandy, thanks for the follow!
“: If walls could talk. Oh lord” pussy?!? Nah, he masterbated.....
RT says never believe what somebody tells you until you first verify that they are less of an asshole than you.
. Thanks so much for your #AD4MH tweets!
but I say that only based on lackey's outing today...lester at his best can do that almost every start.
exactly- it'll be a real achievement when it's learned! But in the mean time- the liquor store is calling haha.
yes but the only reason why i corrected you was bcuz you made it look like a run on sentence and it confused me lol
Not true. We're ALL dancing to the tune that we hear emanating from the pages of 100 year old
I like to send a SPECIAL SUPER TWEET TO ROBERT REICH, the author of AFTERSHOCK. He put it out there this morning in the DAILEY KOS. NLD Mom
There is nothing that I can't accomplish with proper preparation
break is flying by fast...i hate this.
I was so impressed! Ive been trying to get that off for weeks!
ya from your profile pic you definitely know what u want lol!
If you love sushi you need to stop at Kabuki in KOP and have lunch. 11-3
Notes from the Bmesh lagoon: stop selecting two tris and attempting quad conversion. Instead, select the mid edge and delete->dissolve
Since I've been in the hospital i haven't has my favorite things in the world... My puppy Martin! Beer! And Sex! I miss them :/
Latif: A Very Big Deal
Will be hotel hopping, pool hoppin, bar hoppin...Just to start:-))
almost 1,600 likes!? amazing!! xo
can this cunt be anymore stupider ! smfh . you NEED help .
Just cussed out an 80+ year old man on the road for not driving right. Now I feel like a dick.
lol on that's fine I'm about 87% sure I can take you
Every once in awhile something happens that makes me think that everything happens for a reason. Had a bad health scare today. I love ya'll.
Haven't checked it out, but will now. I forgot to thank you for the link you suggested 2 weeks ago - thanks!
Taking this test is stupid
I've been meaning to get to one of those!
IDGAF ABOUT THESE 2 HOES IN GREEN DRESS SINGING LIKE SHIT I FUCKING WANT JUSTIN.
I love listening to Tom Hamilton. We are so spoiled with our announcers.
“: okay nigga we understand your watching the game lol” lmao
girl it ain't nothin to do tonight anyway lol
Apporximately 80% of my regrets involve hitting "send"
Congrats! Great reading.RT : #POCGenealogyThe Family Griot Blog has finally reached 10,000 views.THANK YOU ALL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!
The Muppets!
bottom floor of my house. It is beyond creepy.
They're not all pure platforms. Even if they were, platforms can't survive without content.
what's there to save.. how bout we master something better, ohh wait. There's that cruise line liberty or something ..
Tipsy and listening to Young the Giant.
I am all for packer season too but its time for March Madness!!!!
aye cole
We gotta set up conference Call wit <<
I'll be the the dude beefin it up hard AF
Um...ok I think ms Daniela is gonna need a Rita after that late news!
how have you been aly?
is it possible to change the login name with one's account?
do you have posters and articles about in the new article???? :)
Character and competence are about our capacity, skill, and knowledge to execute higher principles and purposes.
LMAO!! Awesome! He is the dominate one over our Pitty/Rottie mix lol!
Come 5 o'clock ima get up wash my hair, clean then do my homework
I'm so sorry to hear that. I've already told my dog that she has to outlive me.
love u Candice
follow and retweet to grow followers fast and read tweets for earn money programs and marketing tips.
me TOOW FDJSNKFN I WAS JUST GONNA TWEET YOU SAYING "ITS HOPPUS'S LIFE IN A TEXT POST" FKDSNFDKJS
I think UNC #1 seed was already a lock.
Marty likes to party!!!!!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 275
3 methods of learning wisdom; 1 by reflection, which is noblest 2 by intimidation, which is easiest 3 by experience, which is bitterest
Knocked it out of the park RT : & of now discussing student engagement at
The past is behind you forget it. God has a brighter and happier future ahead!!!!!!
yeah datz right. Yo car better smell like that all da time ;)
Didn't Rickie used to wear a big pad on the back of his left hand? If it wasn't Rickie, who was it on the team?
I AM OFFICIALLY RETURNED TO TWITTER :)
My supervisor is a twerp.
Always good catching up with masters at work. Had drinks with #charlypalmer in Harlem.
RIM Faces Class Action Lawsuit Thanks To BlackBerry Outage
and positive association between appearance orientation and social self-efficacy.
All these pretty little girls come and flock to me , cause I ride that beat.
Guy hip checks Jones out of bounds no call.
maybe riding out this storm on the 31st floor in Tribeca was not the greatest idea...be safe eveyone!
<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>SPACESHIPS BITCHES<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080> #moolaboys TO THE TRADEWINDS I GO<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
ive been ending my nights with a very bad mood lately ....
I know
Knowing you're loosing someone and just having to sit back and not care.
my mom is HILARIOUS
id kill for this project to be over already. so. much. stress!!!!!!!!!
I don't even know. I give up on wishing and hoping. It keeps leading to one disappointment after another.
RT Ilitch: Giving back is the 6th core value, no matter your success, give back civically to your local community
Grrrr why are the TRADER JOE'S employees at Sunset & Poinsettia so clueless? The whole lot of em? "where is yr cold coconut water?" duh?!?!
I can think of no logical reason #UK won't play #IU on campus. Does anyone think this makes sense?
did you decide on plans Saturday leprechaun???
I'm gonna mess around and miss my stop.
Thanks for the kind words this morning :)
Was told that I scored 100% on the pub quiz - didn't have the heart to break it to em that I never took it.
Definitely not this one. LOL!! Are you home now?
I've been saying this for months! There's something going on here that they're not telling us.
Thank you to all the people that are praying for Alexis. You guys are amazing. Thanks for all your support. I love each and every one of you
It's a white lady in North side walking a wolf
I think may have gone too far with the live tweeting of the Panda insemination. Makes me long for baby pictures
yup, and something about a bearded man running is just inherently funny
Lol can't beat King James :) RT : me and Lebron have your back;)
#DO WE REALLY KNOW THE RIGHT TO EAT
In time.
Aww! I miss you too! Are you working at Foundation Saturday night?
yeah that was my thought when I picked him
I wish I had some nutella right now...
Birthday suit -
big earth small world tiny art
It's the reverse actually. Cal offered to play both games in Indy. But Schrute was too sceered!
Hey Steven, you too!
The best advice: Never do anything you don't want to explain to the paramedics or in the ER.
GOING TO THE DARK SIDE OF THE Moon...Light 1 up...You Cummn?? KETCH UP
Side A: Everything should be free! SOPA = the devil! Side B: Free Internet proponents are commie terrorists! Rock & hard place.
On this episode of "The World's Next Great Accountant"...
Hello, everyone, when does the party start? TREH
Anyone know where Noah parked his ark? I may need it to get home this afternoon after school.
Attending a party, on your former wedding anniversary, in your wedding dress... bad idea?
Albert Fall accepted some bribes for lands at #TeapotDome and just lived off the riches.
lmfaoo im gonna come up w a nickname for u!
Get me a ticket
A leader sets a vision, defines what we aspire to and how we will get there.
So, its now official, the UK at Eurovision this year will be represented by... ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK!!!!!! #PleaseReleaseMe!
An adventure is only an inconvenience, rightly considered. – G.K. Chesterton
Long day at work. Sleep time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Eating a light meal with some fruits allows us to sleep well. A good night sleep strengthens our brainpower.
“: Holy shitballs. They have it. US airways you have my heart forever and ever.”
not that we're biased or anything ;)
#NW My Soul To Take
You're so sweet, we're blessed and lucky to call you our friend.
finally downloaded TweetDeck!
Widespread panic is going off in the ATX
oh you know, just hiding from everyone.
#OSCARS Loved Adam Sandler's thoughts on great movies
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting has changed rooms. Still in the Admin but in room 312!!! ReTweet Now!!! See ya in a hour
On this day in 1867, the first stock ticker debuted, allowing the instant stock pricing that now makes the stock exchange so full of numbers
": Headache , scalp bleeding & raging hormones . Tf is going on with me ?"you're on your period ctfu.
rollercoaster of emotions - gain/loss, pain/pleasure - internal weather patterns - energy fields moving through us, learn from them
I hope I find some peace today It seems I've gone away It seems I've lost myself ... It seems I've Shed my skin
if my last name was virgin... Oh no no no I would change it for good
got a new box so host all day people dont even know what hit em
Free Tupac's Hologram
…drinking warm sake.
Wow wht do i see let's go Yankees (Posada triple)
Four for you, Glen Coco. YOU GO GLEN COCO!! :D
wonder to myself why do I have 5 yes of saved and then I happen upon this. I just love And you too!
#ThisSummer Is gonna be fuckn amazing<U+E420>
Got a 2mile run in with Lucy earlier. Figured it wasn't a good idea around a mile in. Had to cut short. Better than nothin I suppose.
Do we all get our yearbooks today or just seniors?
I'd like to own a Porsche Carerra GT but I'd love a friend who had an M5. Oh wait, I think I do... !
These $8 skittles sure are good!
Congratulations!! That's a great age
Tonight, Jabberwocky at 6 p.m. featuring stories of travel, IndyFringe Theatre, 719 E. St. Clair St, FREE with food and cash bar.
I want you to learn your lesson.
So the long week is over, thankfully. 1st order of business this weekend is to get some R&R in. :)
7-10-85 Shreveport 10 days later Snowman project ends. Dutch Mantell uses "shoebaby" to win Mid South TV title.
Happy Valentine's Day Friends!! You are Loved...
who is she account? And about what
Terra firma philadelphia!
Oh I wish :/ was it fun?
In search of book reviewers - trisefbook.com Please retweet, thanks!
Big black limo now between press area, spectators and stairs. No hand shaking in the crowd for sure
We ready for Denver, #SteelerNation??? Get your #YouKnowWhatItIs shirt for the playoffs at www.24Infinity.com
It's the return of Gold Coast's Finest to the Gold Coast
Yes! Thank you!
Who wants to help me with this one? Just found out my old elementary Cabello in Union City is now for special ED's childrens disabilities.
#Watching Teen Titans!(:
That's why it's a "best possible" If we hit 68 we'd have the shield. And playing in the East should help us....should
Drinking grapefruit juice straight from the carton is the only way I know how to live.
Attorneys File Suit to Stop Occupy Madison Eviction - Homeless group on East Wash. are supposed to leave the area April 30.
I'm supposed to meet Nick Mara tomorrow but no we hav a fucken hurricane!!!!! Fml
If we can keep this momentum going into the playoffs we could go far!
Matt Lauer spoof of commercial on display
For those who fucks wit me keep yall eyes open for the all new DJ KENZO mixtape "Before The Airwaves Vol. 1"
Nice alley oop by Scoop and Melo with the finish!
#Mariners got em right where they want em (top of the ninth, down by 3)
Don’t be specific in your acting. Chances are the scripts sucks, so just go ahead and suck too.
I always wanna post some sexual ass shit, then i stop myself.
Are you following me?
Congrats!! : I'm looking at a Page 1 proof of next Monday's issue, closing out SBJ's 14th year of publishing.
“: Catered lunch from Yum!” thanks!
The wait outside was a little rough but once we got in, everybody seemed to have a good time. Hope you did too!
yeah, B'More 2010. I'm the Sue L regional finalist in B'More. Awesome stuff I saw from your vid. Congrats on moving on.
Be who you are and be that well. <U+0096> St. Frances de Sales
Now, the politics of opera? That's fascinating!
Seeing my bestie tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
1st Fridays at from 7-10pm. Music workshop and performance. All ages welcome. Sounds like fun!
Wis. elections board says recall election against Sen. Van Wanggaard of Racine may be scheduled
I saw an interesting slogan on a T shirt...."Gay is the new Black". What do you think about that?
RT In AC ..first time eating here it's so good. The margaritas and guacamole are amaze FYI
I'm her biggest fan!!! Thanks!
RT : Young kids should honestly watch Aaron Craft on defensive end. Not blessed with all physical tools, but effort-- dudes quick
Yes, it's my old stomping grounds,my old friend, Jackson Hole Wyoming!
Daytime #drupalcon sessions shouldn't be a huge security issue... staying safe at night in Croydon will be the real concern.
He is ignoring me??....
WHAA? I'd be down but have plans. Send me donut pictures!
Our new monthly email is coming out in a few days. Go to georgewatts.com &signup for our mailing list to receive exclusive discounts!
I never mentioned you. -.- Lol, So why qet so Mad??. It was just a quote, That's all. O.o (:
I'm letting her go.... For good
ITS SNOWING
& have a good day at school loves (:
Still awake. The consequence of sleeping until noon then taking a nap.
"I love purging bullshit" - (while packing my kitchen)
i find it incredibly convenient how the profile of every shitty, cynical, nobody on twitter happens to describe its user as "conservative."
Happy happy birthday to !!
Rise of the planet of the apes starts today. You have got to go and see it!!
Great deals this weekend. Inquire @ 360.696.0411 Close N. Portland & Columbia River. Bring your boat and trailer, plenty of parking.
best news of the day. Thank you.
Only in Tom Cruise movies
HaHa! I can picture it!
No, that would have been funny muahahaha, it just makes me angry when people walk in the middle of the sidewalk!!!
That's the truth! RT : a gentle reminder. Often those who know, don't speak and those who speak don't know :)
Can you say censorship and total disregard for the first amendment?
eatin ramen on way to soccer (;;((
What's this? showed some nip tonight? I knew I should be watching
lol well heres where i tease your other head hehehehe... cumm see me alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com ill sneak off with u
Grocery shopping done, going to hit the gym for a quick run and then a late dinner.
what about New Girl? Not enough dr-a-ma? Maybe in season two.
Confucius Say...Virgin like balloon one prick all gone.
Would you give me up?
Why are you sleeping on Young MC??
and you shall receive nothing less!
Chin up,brother. Kim & Kanye prob won't work out RT a popular hip hop artist is actually responsible for some of my stress today.
Never lol ": Just a puzzling move for the #Browns. When are they taking a receiver? 2013?"
Think about this people: Mega Millions jackpot is at $640 million, or large enough to give all 313,273,009 U.S. residents like $2.04.
Breaking News! Tom Brady benched! Drew Bledsoe back in charge!
_ill be gettin gettin my tan on in the sunshine state...have a few for me. Whiskey old fashion.
I'm in a New York State Of Mind.
RT : Joe Squared's Irish pizza, with corned beef . . . I tip my tam to ya. Thank you on behalf of guests
“: Logic will get you from A to Z. Imagination will get you everywhere." -Albert Einstein” yessir!
I love plyo, but had to back off today cuz my knee is sore. Bummer
This has been a disappointing day so far. I have not been in full blown #cincodemayo gear not once ALL Day
Very possible! The song will have you dreaming about someone:)
We really want another brunch place...Skillet is always so busy! Neighbor Lady is probably not going to be family friendly.
Fab Design Tip: Color looks different depending on what type of light you are using.
Great day in Irvine with Master Trainers - can't wait for
i just want tomorrow to be over with already
Pray, Fast and Slow For when you do these in the secret, God says He, Himself will reward you in the open. -Ted Lucas”
Hahahaha...good call...
Driving through roxbury blasting thriller. Ok...
thank you for affirming inspiration, action, and commitment amid so much that is enraging and depressing.
What's worse than being hated? Being ignored. At least when they hate you, they treat you like you exist.
m I can think a couple of things...
Imperfection is beauty. Madness is genius.
no problem.
Your the 1st one to do something right
At #ColesBar. Unwinding in Chicago, G.
ND oil tax 'Legacy Fund' has meager earnings
Lets do this shiiii!! Hahha!! :D
How is the dancing coming?? Anyone got all the moves down yet??
Do you think the #Chiefs could beat the Broncos with Payton Manning at QB?
Well said, RT: When you’ve got too many things on your plate; eat them.
Going to an #Allstar Weekend concert in a few hours!!!!! Can't wait. #VIP BABY!!!
Have Syracuse in Final Four, so they need to dispatch Ohio State.
If you use your lips, it better be on me.
awesome movie man!!! You MUST go see it! It definitely lived up to its hype
Bought more colorful feathers! Will post them up when they arrive!
I don't watch american idol or any other kind of shitty tv shows
most definitely. It's obvious and it's done for publicity.
I told myself I wouldn't get hurt again by you. That was the biggest lie I've told myself.
Having an early Americanist sense, i think west of the Alleghenies! Not so 21st cen though. RT : What is the West to you?
OH: "Ayn Rand is a crazy bitch, by the way."
Why am I awake. WHY.
that's all I could think about after I left u lmao. Hit me when u get back to the city
yes yes! Shakespeare Garden in Central Park? BYOCrumpet?
the rain is making my arms hurt from where I broke one & fractured the other.
Watching The Food Network while stuffing my face...
Ou skateboarding in the gorgeous weather
RT : RT : The WORLD IS YOURS
Who did you vote for 46 Superbowl Sandwich?
This cocktail is nice and chilly. Making another batch of sofrito! I've decided to skip the block party. I can't be bothered.
Gallinari back in!
So I REALLY need to do Wyk's homework . . .
total blackout is on syfy again... the gay asian is cracking me up
thats so true!
Working so hard it's vertigo inducing.
I wonder how I look in someone else's eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : When you click "Notify all involved leadership that I signed this petition" #INLegis gets #INtransit email - www.cirta.us
you're welcome
My dumb aunt went to pcb with out me! She knows I bring the party! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
what's the address? I can't find it on Maps.
trying to explain allegory is hard.
Thanks for following and ! We're excited to share stories and updates with you.
I know same here! #iwishmygirlwasasleep but yes I am
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. ~Bill Gates
im scared..im honestly really afraid....pleaze pray for my beautiful mom....eviction is only motivation..Cmon Bro..Lets make History!!
I can see it on twitter so I dont think youre direct messaging :-)
cause he's my bro?! Duhh (:
Hate high heels, but they sure do work wonders for a figure.
Lunch special...Fried Tilapia Fish with rice and beans $ 5.99 and have a ice cold Jarritos with it!!!
so you are saying it is hard to do right?
Oh Hil, headbands? Really? I'm not sure we're still rocking that look.
I ALREADY LOVEE YOUR twitter!! :)
putting up the Christmas tree today.Brett will be gone until tomorrow..do we decorate with or without Brett??
safe to say i'm going to live another day. tho watching talking owls sorta makes me wish #rapture would happen, maybe just to my tv...
i didn't see the whole tweet but due 2 recent fb post is this regarding sandra having no fb or twitter & the others r fakes?
Green Corona, Red Cornoa, Poo Corona.
What a buncha dirty rotten hipsters.
Any word on the lineup for today's game against the White Sox?
*gobble* *gobble* happy thanksgiving :) hope you have a great one!
but if course we still have to Skype:P so that will make up for it
Project Twenty1 Film Festival ... This Weekend!!! ... International House - 3701 Chestnut St. Philly, PA... Two of my films are entered...
Luck can often mean simply taking advantage of a situation at the right moment. It is possible to make your luck by being always prepared.
OMG if that last shot would have gone in......
you know me too well.
I hate haters. I saw bill Donahue from the Catholic league on TV one night. His hatred of "teh Jew" was palpable.
except for one bitch,
~Oprah Winfrey~ Change quotesA mind that has been stretchedwill never return to it's original dimension
Bob, thank you for adding our post to your twitter daily! Have a fantastic weekend.
great read thanks for the article.
History channel -_-
I know you are ;)
RT : Remember the last 2 days next time someone says a team is going to be rusty after a long layoff.
Last night. A guy. With just one simple kiss. Took my breath away. The feeling it gave me was indescribable.
The Great Khali is going to be Mark Henry's replacement? #AREYOUSERIOUSBRO?
Go away!
why are you saying this? Just to tease us?
just saw ad you are going to be at the tulalip casino north of seattle.. So cant wait to see your show!
My day off w/ lots to do but nothing pressing on the agenda to take me away from what needs to be done at home! Love days like that!
Am EXHAUSTED from tweeting and following leads all day yesterday........I gotta get offline..........soon i will
Didnt even get a Chance to polish my ties to wear my sandals
Don't hate the game tan, learn how to play it LoOOoL
exactly... People think #newt is best debater for #Obama “: SC demonstrated why all the debates are the engines of this campaign”
#10thingsifindattractive 10 things that add up realness
Drowning beloved pet, or drowning random adult? Which one do you save? Thoughts?
Loves it!
Can you say "chocolate and wine party"? The VitiVini Wine Game www.vitivini.com is now available @ TCL. Pick it up w/ some chocolate!
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tennessee announced that head women's bball coach Pat Summitt will step aside after 38 seasons w/ Lady Vols
The love of a family is life<U+0092>s greatest blessing.
Fashion Iz Nit Lets us keep you in style The latest of the latest NYC Get 5 garments altered for $30.00 expires @ 8:30pm
i didnt get u.
Photoshop Workshop @ THE HANGAR
i gotta sit yo ass down before i tell yo momma wat you did lol
I've said this before... Don't embarrass yourself by trying to insult me with bad grammar...
Big money on this fight!
Another question. lol. Are you far from Manhattan Beach?
thanks for the star fucking, beautiful! it made me forget about the anal warts for awhile
Aww, thank you, dear! And you're very welcome + I'm sure I'll see you soon. Looking at your website now! LOVE IT! IN LOVE.
Erica look like big bird
Sony exec named to lead mobile unit formed from Sony Ericsson
yu should come ova tamorra or wednesday
“: Record of the year!” wow, thank u for being so kind..
are you serious? You down? This is gonna be lowkey funny
America's Cup racing in San Diego Bay. So cool. Even the powered chase boats can't keep up with these catamarans...
Are u efficiently sharing research? Your competition is. Client collaboration helps you reduce research costs ow.ly/7P807
KATIE IS GONNA GET RAPED
the fun part is, I only caught the last 15 minutes of the 2 hour show
A new era “: This is one of the happiest days of my life. Go !”
Just think in a couple mths you could be exploring the tropical island of Bali!!! How cool is that! I know I'm excited!
Don't tell someone to smile...make them smile :D /via
I wish me and julian could freakin change places, and I'd be in college, old enough to have a job and make money. -__-
Oh I thought that was Enterprise?
You were the best coach has ever had!
Faith is like radar that sees through the fog. ~Corrie Ten Boom
Does that mean #schools will make it easier for kids to #graduate? Lower standards?
hello there boo x
I wonder if world peace could be obtained through something as simple as a Shamrock Shake pow wow.
I guess it's unclear to me why you'd have to put on an English accent for a movie that's set in France.
I might just be like that because of the weather or he straightens it, so no, it's the same as usual :)
And they would be right, ! We follow her from our secret Twitter accounts. But maybe wants a more vapid audience? <U+E105>
I do have a hot dog costume in the trunk of my car at all times. Just in case...
thanks for the retweet!
RT RT : Crazy how we thought we would be friends forever & our lives took us on different paths.
Thanks ! We're definitely proud of our sustainable development efforts!
okay weird
argh.. a day too late on the last retweet.. =( was too excited when I noticed a diablo 3 beta giveaway. Won't someone give me one already!!?
I feel the same! RT : It's pointless for me to be up right now *shrugs
RT - SuperBowl Prediction: New England Patriots vs Green Bay Packers. Calling the safe pick.
I am way too excited about some of these Chrome apps.
Happy Birthday !!! Just one more year lol
What to do
I love big companies' euphemisms. GM refers to fires in the engines of its electric cars as "thermal incidents."
An acronym for We Owned the Other Team.
Calc Final...I hate you. Now only one more left!
if you take on a project, be prepared to do the work yourself. ppl who rely on others to do their work really baffles me.
"You gotta be in the know, you know?" -Mortaki
Ok. Just cashed out my tunecore account and apparently I sell more songs in Europe than in the United States! WTF? I play Americana not...
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
Kawasaki 250 today in Mendocino. First time since titanium was installed in my right forearm last year. Felt GREAT. #Gasoline, I love thee.
Ah yes, the pool at the is devine. Looking forward to our next training session! Xoxoxoxox
need music? i've got the perfect stuff for your 4am shenanigans.. WRFL.FM ->"listen in" playing forecastle music all night long
great content as always al!
CeCe Winans what a beautiful voice. Beautiful service for the
lol what u grr'ing about
I bet the next KIA commercial uses a impersonation, drive a KIA #winning !!
...I suppose the Women's Health Program suit makes this case #18 in Texas vs. the Feds.
Love has 4 letters, but so does Hate ; Friends has 7 letter, but so does Enemies; Truth has 5 letters, but so does Lying.
everything,about you,,,~~~___________~~~~~
you love it..
Masters Champion can't take their official green jacket off the grounds of Augusta. Replica can be. #whatsthedifference?
The news faucet is wide open! Brian Mack has been named PD of WRVW (107.5 The River)/Nashville.
My wife is 7mnths pregnnt-a slight waddle appears& most of her outfits r based on how easy they r 2 deal w/when she needs 2 pee every 20mins
haha I will not be baited
Excellence can't be achieved without effort. Always put in more than what you expect to get back..
The soundtrack of Little Big Planet....some pretty cool stuff. Wish I had a PS3 or PSP so I could play it, it looks like a lot of fun!
no idea. haven't paid much attn to nwide series. i guess today is as good as any? im on a #caps and #orioles high right now
Can't sleep. And since I joined this last week or so I've been getting junk mail with porn. :(
in time there is probably gonna be a hello!(:
Ppl always talkin bout u can b happy & broke but I never experienced tht so more power to those tht had tht experience lol
good to know ;)
I love Eastenders!
The internet seems to strip people of maturity and the willingness to give the benefit of the doubt. Honor exists on the internet, people
For the record, I would have guessed an age a full decade younger.
Good looking on the Love as usual FAM!
Whos had avocados before?
Let's go CITY!
give a follow or a RT it would mean the world to them. See u soon
Happy Mother's Day!
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
I've been thinking Oakland has way too much to be happy about lately. ": Addendum: "The San Jose A's" = epic fail."
M yep I really should it might look GREAT on me :) thanks
Glad you're digging it! Share it with your friends :)
I'm pretty sure I could watch that 70's show all day
woohoo! officially an member! Can't wait to get started back up and feeling healthy again!
First day complete: J-A class on entrepreneurship@ Gateway H.S., everything went very well for the first day.
ooooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.....I LOVE THIS SHOW!
Twitter accounts getting hacked or what??
Cooling my heels in SLC. Fleece as far as the eye can see!
Go carts + laser tag + rock climbing + minigolf + arcade = Mulligans
You guys are doing an awesome job of promoting #Philanthrofest! ;-}
these next two weeks are gonna be hell.
Less than 3 days away from the ALPFA NY Holiday Party
We like the potty talk! Just gave an estimated for two bathrooms
Yet in 2012, programming stays classical; so does database. Relational works fine. Of course one database cannot suffice. Use pointers
Appreciate response. Just to be clear, whether you feel media glorified him or not, nothing in past would justify his killing, no?
who are these people?
Douglas Sills & Sara Gettelfinger to star as Gomez & Morticia in the National Tour of The Addams Family, coming to Baltimore March 6, 2012!
we miss the old earmarks because it regularly gave us great investigative TV -ala the bridge to nowhere etc.
happy birthday!!!!
A wake-up call’s mother is unfolding. At the other end is a bell, which is telling us we have built a house at the foot of a volcano.
negative ghost rider. I am 100% sober.
Fuckem. If I could follow u 4,000 more times I would. Wasnt SNL a big nose candy-land?
Yo I'd like to talk with you to see how I can further my career in acting, if your open
okay good :) your the first to sign it!
haha! Wait I guess I could've given you some old notepads?
Opening bid of $1000 is in. Do I hear $1100?
Chances are...Jason Wu at your local target is sold out already. Did anyone have a chance to get anything?
But my hero my mom kept on raising her real 4 kids I love her she's a strong women who has learned to move on many years ago
I know, I know...I try to send out a few UC related things and live tweet from confs/events...but even that has been sparse!
Safe to say that is in a foul mood tonight!! Not happy with anything or anyone!! Worlds against him it seems!!
Best way to change ur mood is to get ur heart rate up! Exercise is a drug!
Everyday is a gift from God. Use each day wisely as if it were your last.
Fkn Netflix romance genre!
Movies and Studio Time... What Rain???
Is it true about your commitment??
I love True Blood but series five is gonna take until next year to get to the UK and it's such a mission to watch online
RT passionate discussion about why online-gaming must move to the cloud where you no longer need to upgrade your P4
Chilli Cook off our next marketing event.
'The First Gay President' -- Not Blacks Unlikely to Agree With Newsweek Cover The new Newsweek cover shows the first black president wear
Alyssa needs a twitter so I can tweet about her more officially.
can we get a fuckin goal please
for what
Today in 1987, Bad (Michael Jackson) was a hit.
One class then it's time for fort worth. Hoping this class flies by at super sonic speed.
Luckily, the new bundle is rubbish.
Be confident too. Play fast. I mean FAST.
Work is boring need to find extra circular activities today, have a few in mind.....
people claim it is because the bathroom is the same as the xfactor bathroom in the picture haha
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!
getting closer to the time when my last brother will be leaving for college. never thought I would be this upset..<U+2764>
Still supporting Nashville this year since mah boys are out :(
ight man will do
so pretty! love!
I can hear it from here!
i'm debating with myself over fantasy baseball. To play or not to play! That is the question!
I miss the grassy hills of Kentucky... Those summer evenings with family were amazing
Happy birthday Bieeb's I love you <U+2665> I wish you well <U+2665> thank you so much (:
What if I threw a frog at a hawk...I would f*ck'n pay money to see me do that!!!
haha nice! you should post it before christmas so it'll be a gift to the fans. *hint hint* after xmas it won't feel so special
nice song
Nothing official besides maybe #ADDYs even though it's not loc-specific. Some groups have started their own.
QTz in my physics class hit me up!
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. ~Helen Keller
Here's some #LocalLove for Valentine's Day...
#KeyAndPeele I've followed those guys 4a long time. Such a funny 1st show! Call me wn u need a black girl! :-)
I guess Tim Tebow now knows how John Elway really feels about him.
Ticketmaster's captcha is really making me feel dumb right now.
grrr i got kicked out for trying to spell ur username on here!!
Got taste for a big breakfast but don't feel like ccoking
Hey Liam (: Can you come over to Hawaii and surf with me ? <3
#wreckdiculous was the very first ever trending topic. Pre twitter era.
it was rough!!! But I think I did alright. I'm just trying to stay positive about it :)
With hayden
Ready to have a great #Louisiana time!
yup....we're gonna get there soo late
Wow, tough, tough loss for the Boilers. I very much enjoyed watching Robbie Hummel play
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 89
Wow, guess every1 is a promoter. Maybe if I had that Mitt Romney money, then I'd try and fail til I found the best one, lol...j/k
yep, just cancer...but all kinds of cancer. His general doctor probably found something suspicious.
Is it wrong to hope sends a "Happy Birthday" tweet my way?
just something to make you smile (:
A7: Think SEO...what key words define you? Are they in your profile?
...anyways, thank you everyone who inspired me to translate my daily twitter prayers into a publication. :) "Thank You Notes".
I totally love<3 you! you have an amazing voice and you're so CUTE plz answer me! :B
only about a three second lag. Sweet.
I think that's legit, based on structure and organization. Proactive is not our native nature, and sometimes that's ok.
Yovani is about as good as vending machine egg salad vs the
I HATE WHEN ONE OF MY CONTACTS GOES FUZZY AND I CAN'T FIX IT.
If anyone is having a bad day, remember that today in 1976 Ronald Wayne sold his 10% stake in Apple for $800. Now its worth $58,065,210,000
RT : If you find yourself drunk & mowing on pizza at 3:30am, perfect time for #SavageU marathon on - just saying! WATCH!
Interested in building a community of #filmmakers? That's exactly what I'm doing! FILM FORWARD is April 11th! Contact me for info!
Miss America 2012 miss virgin island os beautiful too
McGarry: must give probation and parole officers tools they need to manage ex-offenders in the community instead of default revoking.
The Tigers just LOL'd Gomez around the bases.
Sweet William Regal shout-out.
lmbo oh. Slow moment
I just saw on VH1's You Outta Know Artist! :D
Well, its a good thing that you have Holliday-esque skills!
Thank you! :)
4th of July was fun this year, lots of bangs and booms!
Worrying is like a rocking chair, it gives you something to do, but doesnt get you anywhere!
-_- well ok
“Begin to see YOURSELF AS A SOUL WITH A BODY rather than a body with a soul.” ~ Dr. Wayne Dyer
Tip 7: Thank each other for the evening and make sure to let them know that you enjoyed your time together.
Just tweeting so I don't realize how severe my headache is... Work movin so slow
Spending the day with four generations of mothers/daughters in my family.
Birthday Dip time
West Marshall boys track is second at Ogden - Marshalltown Times Republican
It sure didn't help that Casey watched 4 pipe strikes fly by. Horrible at bat. Swing the bat Case!
If at first you don't succeed, quit and have a drink or ten. The world needs losers too!
that I'm having a great night!
thanks for texting me back last weekend!
Melissa Gilbert will dance off the stage (or the Prarie) tonight
only if they're crispy “: I LOVE TATER TOTS!!!!!!”
I feel so accomplished when she asks for my advice like awaw.
hey! Don't make fun of me!! Trick.
The wonderful thing about Tiggers, is Tiggers are wonderful things!Their tops are made out of rubber, their bottoms are made out of springs!
“: Marijuana had my back...” I'm with ya!!
Day 1 of the Boot Camp at #AcademySummit has begun! Members and guests are learning how to create a purpose & profit-driven law practice!
Check out our Free Oscar Night Viewing Party at Roxy's Pub in West Palm Beach!
Lactose intolerant but just passed a Brewsters and I wanna damn ice cream. Perfect weather for it
Love You, Love You and Love you... You my love Please Please Please justin can you follow me please?
I got skulls on my jeans #jakk!!!!
Well, it's Friday night and I've got a hot date with NyQuil and self pity. See ya'll tomorrow. I hope.
Today's GH forecast: rainy with a chance for a Timbers win in Vancouver #rtcid Get to a local place to watch
and I plan on taking major risk in 2012
Almost able to breathe...for a few weeks at least, then it'll be back into grind mode.
Every time i try to have phone sex i get interrupted
ha ha, good luck!
I won't have Internet access for the rest of the week while I stay and take care of Nana. I'm already feeling shaky about this. Addict?
You're more than just a follower to us! <3 We wish we could meet you all in person!
so excited to hear the new album! Congrats :)
Heading back to Zanesville tonight. Hopefully, I'll be able to get back to Cinci on Monday. Yes, More snow coming this weekend. Yeah! : (
Ahh sorry early onset spring allergies are fucking with my head PLEASE FORGIVE MEE
Coast Guard helicopters now searching the Rockport coastline for 2 year-old Caleigh Harrison. Still no sign of her.
the wrong time and place
TY for the follow. It will be great to learn together. Exciting time to be an educator.
Tomorrow, PHAME films a very special commercial to announce an incredible "Willy Wonka" campaign that will ROCK YOUR WORLD... more soon...!
you are old!
thanks for the follow!
whoa, how did ou get all of them to follow?
I have a joke for that but it's really rude. Even for me.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
you root for the buckeyes because you're afraid of the alternative in my presence
i've always found it interesting that since 9/11 tom clancy novels have been uniformly terrible
We're SO excited for your bikini tour coming to Santa Monica! We'd love to donate our sunscreen to your goodie bags!
LET'S GO RAMS! #GORAMS “: Let's go get this today #RamNation”
shakin' my head
"when the saints go marchin in...I want to be in that number" You want to be in that number? John 14:1-6 Gods promise is clear....
Lisa and Annie have great ideas for book club meetings. Check out their site.
lol do you not know what your transcript is ?
Is that good?
We are looking for someone who can help us speak about Stained Glass Hearts to a large audience. Who can help us spread the word?
been through some serious life changes in this last few weeks, oh shittt
Just watched field of vision & I loved it...it was a great movie & had a good story:)
either you just changed your profile pic or the mean mug pic was stuck in cache. I can't prove either one :-)
So much live music!
Proud owner of a new couch, I officially feel like an adult now.
I have used it with 5th and 4th grades. They love it. And I get emailed every time they post, so no issues.
Live For Today...Plan For Tomorrow...Party Tonight!
hey I need some!
“Pick the Target, Freeze It, Personalize It and Polarize It.” – Saul Alinsky, Rules for Radicals.
I'm sorry, can we make up? And by make up, I mean can you send me lots of autographed merchandise?
They could really use built-in kinetic chargers. Walking around w it in your pocket would build up a charge. Shake it for more
Yes, although I can't remember the URL at the moment. I know...this wasn't the most useful tweet ever tweeted.
#nwmra conference mobile research
we did that for about 6 months with our photo business 3 years ago, but then they had a policy change and we had to take it down
Redrock Hotel/Casino Las Vegas tonight (smooth jazz concert at the pool), then on to LA for the second game of the Lakers and the Magic!!!
Foot shoes - WTF? I'm sure there's plenty of Cab drinkers that say that about us lovers of Cru Beaujolais too.
Debating on going to the Royals game tonight... Haven't been yet this year. Wondering if parking/traffic will be crazy with the BoSox intown
As M. Gladwell said "when underdogs choose not to play by Goliath's rules, they win"...how the Broncs are!
Thanks and for ordering so fast at Quick Pita that I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat. I hate you both.
RT : I wish I was on my way! There is no place in GA like The Exchange on Tues. night! // Totally Agree!
Yea i kinda do , Im doing my reasearch paper but im barely done with one page :(
u know I'm down to work w u when ever John... Rich what's goodie ?
honestly I had a couple of physical setbacks and just lost my mojo. Have you seen it?
Justifications suppose that an offender shouldn't be held criminally responsible b/c the crime committed was the lesser of 2 evils.
|#quotes Before you can really start setting financial goals, you need to determine where you stand financially.
BO!!! Erika and Elise need to stay. Shannon should go home, but due to popularity, I highly doubt it.
"live life to the fullest" #DonaldDriver #DWTS (a theme this evening)
Everybody says that I'm my dad all over again, but as I get older I can see more of my mom.
Day Two of the New Year... Publicly, I ask you... Have you seen the Producer of my next track? I'm told we will meet soon...
RJD2 is pounding from my speakers
I still bawl my eyes out everytime Dobby dies... :,(
I am too tired, unmotivated, and unwilling.
": i fear you wont shut the fuck up aye" NOT going to happen LOL
Saw a large, fresh snake track on the 3rd (and last) loop of Inspiration Point.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 16
Shouldn't you be asleep?!?
I am at BBQ and I am a vegetarian
lol imma a lil loopy right about now .. Sheila is on tv
Joshua Ham says: Students like me have under resourced classes, overwhelmed teachers, & standardized curriculum.
olunteers with a passion for filmmaking, the crew of the Housesitter worked long into the night each of the 14 days of shooting
Thank you so much. (Blushing now.)
"tell me you got prerolled in your book bag"- ..."fruit rollups?"- "wtf prerolled"-Jerm .., "Pringles?!"<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I can't
Ill Stab You With a Piece Of Paper
awk to the ward
just did.
busy next saturday? we're playing soma, it'd be sweell to see ya out at a show.
The nicest man I ever met was more malicious than malcontent ~
Listening to some new WCAR! Good stuff. -Jason
What in the sphincter of hell are you playing at? Watching Serenity on my iphone, oh yeah.
That would freaking rock!! Thanks for the invite.": if we come to houston you could come investigate with us"
Suck for Barkley doesn't rhyme. Give us your best Miami Dolphins slogan for the coming season. We'll retweet any good ones!
I need a guy best friend :p
Lauber's dead.
I totally agree! I LOVE watching you Ross, and would be thrilled if you had your own show!!!!
Eat lunch, give big! 100% of all lunch sales today go to benefit the Boy's and Girl's Club of Bay County!
my forehead is so fucking big
Late lunch M.
Wisdom from : don't let "no" stop you when you've got a mssg to share. Lol @ "kick rocks with open toe shoes."
where's my invite?
Hate to say it but I want new TOMS.
Shouting out to you back! I'm still alive!! Just without any of my fav sports teams to watch! lol
Are we going to pick anybody in this round? This is getting to be like The Bachelor. COME ON.
"My best friends BIGFOOT!" I heard two little kids saying this in the pool today, and I couldn't help but smile :)
Four off-days through the rest of the season should give the #Brewers bullpen and staff a little well-earned rest.
You obviously just had too much fun at #smbmad this morning
hahaha! Thanks again!
I like what I read in chapter 1. I downloaded book 1 to my stack. From the reviews, I look forward to the read.
It's hopping' in Lee's Summit! Melismatics up in 15 minutes.
It's totally accurate!
•...profit simply from the fact that everything created by man decays.
David Simon: "the fractured audience."
I'd say good. There's so many people calling. Well, that's what I'm HOPING, at least.
Oh, buzz off Lavinia.
Currently listening to: Rickey Lee Watson - Somethin That I Drank
My tweets are at 621, & I dislike odd numbers. so Tweet.
it may or may not be my lock screen pic....
pondering if is a good excuse for me to visit london this year? free.libre software conference for women and NGO's
you are always awesome. You coming to my bday HH?
Man what a flippin boring day, someone entertain me!!
RT : #aws2011 GSA Coleman says the agency saved $100M over the last 5 years through its gitco contract. consolidation and better...
That is a great commercial!
Just checked into the hotel in New Orleans. Pool side view!
Good stuff...we launched our retail solutions e-newsletter What's Fresh. Let me know if you'd like to be added to the group. 450 so far!
I LOVE YOU
Munchie Express is open Wed. 7PM-3AM through Sat. 7PM-3AM. We deliver whatever food you want for $3 per order.
I'll get the scholarship papers ready!
Who's coming to the open run tomm at groad 1:45. Bring it
RT : We'll be debuting our new Go Get It video today on starting 6pm! RT!
Double or Nothing bro?!
The Over is 10-1-1 in West Virginia's last 12 neutral site games
Happy Maryland Day!
Tyler, appreciate your support during the nonstop madness that was Finals Week and "Dead Week" (the week before) at school
"You can't choose your destiny,but you can choose the path to get there"
get to Tulsa this weekend to see Dead Man Walking!
these genius teens on jeopardy make my life thus far feel like a failure.
Thank you & for the mentions
I'm so flipping hyper and I have no idea why, it's almost 11 pm and I'm wide awake which isn't normal lol and I have no friends to
thanks for the follow (: I'm a hugee fan ! xD
how's the car holding up?
Screw this. I'm having my own cinco de mayo when and finally get their asses back to Florida
that pretty much sums it up
To blessed to be stressed.
Um, follow wack? Typo? ": <U+3010>RETWEET<U+3011> <U+2605> IF YOU REALLY <U+2605> WANT <U+2605> MORE <U+2605> FOLLOWERS <U+2605> #TeamFollowWack <U+2605>
oh hah sorry I just meant -- what?? whose phone?? and, what???
looking forward to another fun night tomorrow with and
You look quite close to them - are you in a truck-type thingie?
Blueberry Style lol
and you just can't hide it!!!
AND HIMYM season finale is on tonight. What a jam-packed night of tv.
going to see next wednesday at puffabellys in Spring, TX
Change is in the air again.
Now that I sort of caught up with work can I have my Monday night back? I was really looking forward to relaxing. Womp womp.
People need to realize that with TiVo and DVR, you can't spoil shit. I might not be able to watch the finale til next week. Ah!!!!
Angry Beavers :-) taking it back.
Just woke up I was working hard las night
Q2 Shameless plug, but I taught myself how to cook by searching the "easy to prepare" recipes on MealsMatter.org
Obama's got his balls out - taking GOP debate lines and sending them straight back.
He isn't currently on an NFL roster
you know I missed all my peeps last night! Maybe we can catch up at sweet frog or yogurt mountain!!!
They say it's your birthday, duh dun nuh nuh nun nuh! It's my birthday too yeah!
thank you for asking. I am being stretched. I am looking for people that know how to raise money. It is a global world.
I just found some pictures of us from that time we went to Adventure Island. They're so cute!!
If u wise u think bout shit before u say it
If you're reading this from #Chicago, let your worries go and be happy you get to live in such a beautiful city.
I'm your huckleberry RT You, Me, & Polyphonic Spree? I have tickets, you pick me up in the next hour. Any takers? Shoot me a DM.
Or Hawaii. No passport needed if its in the states!
Are you up?? avril
No weapon formed against me shall prosper and every tongue which rises against me shall be condemned.
thanks for the suggestions, folks. wins for politeness, wins for craftiness and wins for, well, fuck you-ness.
according to my boy it could be an attachment too
One of my friends is a tottallll directionator and she wants me to quuiz her over them, send me some really hard questions to ask her :) xx
thanks for the follow!
Thanks for posting such great photos of Love this one from their Pop-Up Book Collection!
Day 3 is in full effect. Teams are getting their customer feedback, pitches & proposals together
01-21-12 twitter last night : Drove by students at the Joe statue. Just told my Dad about all the love & support--inspiring him.
lol oh okay then.
Dam y females shower water b so hot a nigga don't want to fuck n that hot shit dam cut a lil cold water on dam lmao
ah thats so exciting ! how long are you staying for ?
Friends don't let friends shop at Whole Foods.
how long are you doing this for??
Congrats! You did it!
Would be a terrible fate but don't see it happening to him. "I am afraid of not being curious anymore one day!" - Jim
Know of any information workers out there that are iPad _only_ yet? No access to Mac or PC?
you took me out of your bio? :[ -Jenny
#FreeConeDay at Haagen-Dazs! May want to stop by their location this afternoon!
now you know ima get to it. Im good boo. I miss you.
A1. As society changes, having a diverse workforce (not just racial, but gen. diversity) helps an org. approach situations in unique ways.
Live for the day...
Congratulations on hitting their goal!! Exciting project.
Quantify wherever you can. Jedi Mind trick; draws attention and gives idea of level of performance. Tailor to each job.
so much fun! Sad to say farewell to but at least we worked in one last great night together
thanks for the love Joe D! Missing you terribly. How are things? keeping you in line? :)
It's scary . . But a good scary :-)
Doing a funky winter collection editorial in 103 degree heat! :)
I'll protect you. I shall use my Twitter guns to attack the creepers.
Thanks for the shout out! Let us know if you have any questions!
are you the "west end spider party" handfish or the other one?
yup. Could be a tear in your stomach lining. Happened to my friend a couple days ago. Go to the doctor now
Sigh. These are my people.
I thought of going off it for about 30 secs but cooler, caffeinated heads prevailed.
I HAVENT BEEN ON TWITTER IN A WHILE!D: Because You NEVER Tweet Me...
Oooweee my lil munchkin is not taking the church & gym nursery's very well. It's only his 2nd time w/ out me so I guess it's all a process<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thanks for the follow Jess!
Trying to figure out what to do about Monday's NYT digital subscription deadline.
haahaha I have a story for you.
Am too fly to be depressed.
Tired and sleepy I can't wait until June #daisyelectriccarnival :)
he seems nice.
The reason why #time didn't go too far is because they're now relevant for the first time in how long? It's a win, no question.
Thanks to all who came out for the "Explore Fulton Market" meeting this evening. Looking forward to a great event!
Tech is a poor time to learn how to stage manage
VIP karaoke event tonight at Karma 600 e Ogden at 9pm. Use this tweet as your invitation to get in.
Chris Neil is so ugly
Where in tha fuck is my chinese food?
I wonder r u really down 4 me
Whattup Wiz Im an artist out of Youngstown Ohio! I wanted to know if you were looking for any artists! I can send music fam.
Look, he's avoiding you now because you busted him cheating!!
Many people do not realize that when they need cash that their unpaid invoices and receivables have tremendous value via factoring.
Not busyy today ! (:
hey everyone follow my personal please xoxoxoxoxo thanks
kobe you bastard. why.
How do I get my own experience pod?
loves making boys so nervous they blush and sweat -- literally. ;)
how do you know????!
I think they bumped the price up on Adobe Ideas. It's like $10 now. Check out Neu.Notes+ which is #vector also
tonight I'll check out the river... a show I found thanks to
Ew, this nasty bitch is at the mall. Everyone can smell you, you fuck.
I always have so many bruises durning soccer season...
thinking of good tech test questions for open house at tonight. (any good ideas for test automation questions?)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 364
Where are you?! That looks like a fucking funnel cloud!
Be kind. For everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle. ~Plato
sometimes i think that i'm the only one that wishes my parents got a divorce. i can't take this anymore. i want you to leave..../,:<<<
My mom has been in the Hospital and now she needs a heart transplant. It's hard for us both. Pray for Darlene Thornal thank you she is 64
also, call us for sandwiches /salads delivered or for pickup. 206-441-9235 See you soon Seattle :-)
Woot, it's Avengers time!
agreed! have you read silberman and 's work on turkopticon?
So happy I pass my state bored
My twitter isn't updating I guess that's it's way of saying go to sleep...
Mike McLennan announced hubzero v1 release at this workshop; George Adams begins roadmap for the future development
Lol, I just saw 's new pic... You're great.
I'm not ready for this
according to w phillips agent saying reports of firing aren't true. if i'm wade, i can't get out of there quick enough.
I need Jesus like super glue. Because without Him in my life,I would fall apart.
Thanks for coming to my show. Hope yall can make the next one too...
Taking public transportation today in this snow storm was best idea of the week.
Barnes' release reads in part: "My heart goes out to the family of Isaiah Simmons. They deserve a more satisfactory outcome to these cases."
not even you disappeared on us.
yeah absolutely! See you around this week
Squarepusher - Panic Massive <U+266A><U+266A>
. I think my biggest take away was that users don't expect a diff in physical vs online spaces (shop ex)
its ok i juat wanted to see if she like my song i made its coprighted everbody that hears say its awesome i just wish i ?
#Men you can't live with 'em and yet...they're everywhere.
Thanks for using the #btopco #infographic I made in your presentation! Was a nice surprise.
Thx for the mention!!
haha whatever I'm ready for this weekend already lol <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>!!!! Thuglife y'all are thugs to I remember! Lol
Stoll is ridiculous! It's the same shot every time! How the hell does he do it!?
Good luck guys!
I'm so excited to start on my website again, I got a really cool layout idea.. :D
Sweet you were 665 and was 666. Thank you for the suggestion.
hey there resse can i have a follow please haha i just rhymed
laptop's name is 'Wonder Woman' and my Honda's name is 'She.' LOL Thought only I named my laptop.
#goblue u better fucking win this... I gt money on this game big money
I love how kids are smart enough to let parents think they are in control
Congrats on the clean sweep of South Carolina!
I love this show...I have watched it from the beginning! Keep it real...I know you be tuning in! (I'm just sayin'!)
I can say with total confidence that cello makes everything better.
Happy Easter to me and all my peoples that celebrate today! (:
I'm not a racist...I hate everyone equally.
thats silly you guys look so cute!
Art & entertainment aren't always mutually exclusive; sometimes they overlap. See how deep performers perform & surprisingly u may see art!
#10ThingsThatILike snicker bars :)
HAPPENING NOW: Save Time and Money. More With Less. Multichannel Production Strategies for the Modern Media Company in Alvin/Edison
Funny how things come around full circle in life..one thing for sure, you can't run away from yourself..
Patrick Scofield your crazy and funny!!
ladies going to your boyfriend or mans or potential mans sports game, show, or any event gets u mad cool points lol jus saying
most beautiful packer fan? has my vote.
What the fuck did I get myself into -.- is it too late to back out?!
You're most welcome! Check out our sweet Philly deals when you get a chance.
Last time I looked at your Connor you had thousands of followers? :o
Who feeling so throwed?
": im assuming that was sayin that Amber look like Lord Voldemort lmfao"
Heard those 5 golden words from my editor..."You're manuscript has been accepted" -Amen!!
Good morning
Chris Brown new video with nicki (:
I don't like the new fb page!
Sometimes, the water fountains don't work. I am sure North Avenue has a nice Deer Park water cooler though.
But you can write!
RT : Stand Out Salon is the official hair sponsor of the 2012 in Chicago! Support the girls while they compete!
thanks for the birthday wish! I'm old.
Uploading a new video in 30 mins!
Why do they make appointments at hospitals? I never see the doctor on time. Even if I'm 30 min early. I need that walk to the front coverage
FACT: Good morning sexts > sappy good morning texts.
LL Cool J? Really?
'Jay Matthes you dirty whore. You broke my heart and stole my shoes. So now my heart is in pieces and my feet are dirty.'
Fingers crossed.
Don't know why I said Lloyd Banks though.
i wonder whyy lol. Hope your head gets better kiddo :)
seriously.... why do the Orioles keep Kevin Gregg??
It will be the Ravens!
I loved 1Q84 :-P
Hey, I had an email that says you're in, so I guess it worked! :-) Thanks for accepting the follow & for following back.
oh? well "asking leads to solutions" ~Oscar L or "there are no problems, only solutions" John Lennon. <-- think about those
When you're in a crowded place and no one says bless you when you sneeze
I miss my girl!
81% reporting, by the way.
Hm....now that I think about it I'm guilty of being a
Just sneezed while turning my car. I now realize why that's so dangerous for racecar drivers.
Get Naked Too: let me feast my eyes on you while you undress slowly....
In a perfect world we'd be able to get every #NFL player, active & retired to support #TackleCancer & we'd support their causes.
Darn these stupid butterflies!
haha yep! I'm loving it
my phone is acting weird. Tweet me
Non-alcoholic beer is like licking your sister- It tastes right but it isnt...
I LOVE WHEN THIS HAPPENS
I'll be at the season opener on Sunday :)
We're so happy to have you back! Thanks for joining us tonight!
espresso milk stout. Tastes just like coffee. Perfect morning beer. And yes, I realize that makes me sound like an alcoholic.
Is anyone awake? Someone talk to me <3
MAYBE SO
WOW, Real Madrid Game ON!
Sometimes being a deliberately homeless company has its downfalls when you are looking for a space to perform
No dawn, no day, I'm always in this twilight. In the shadow of your heart. - "Cosmic Love"
could we all have been fooled? It’s clear now that Epstein and Francona were doofuses & didn’t know what they were doing. ~Dan Shaugnessy
Wow! Just paid $4.15 a gallon for gas.
u r Gods devine design! He does not make mistakes. Don't get caught up in wanting to be or trying to be like someone else.
Will you be adding playlists to the next update? That would totally make my day.
Follow Friday #FF Must know contacts from
: We appreciate the RT!
any new news?
Awesome! We are big fans of the : YOU program & firm believers in art, participation and community building :)
Shit is about to go down
Thanks for being our very first follower!
why'd you unfollow me?
Is it just me or does Emily remind anybody else of Dolly Parton? I hope she busts out with a little 9 to 5.
I feel like I can't drink enough water.
Not going to get the whole concert. Runnimg out of disc space.
WOW . It's been 2 years since SO SICK
Columbus's airport is large and yet it manages to feel cramped. Bad use of available space.
Just received a donation of school supplies. Fabulous!
RT : A4 I think best, most sustainable *promo* is not to attract downtown visitors, but get more downtown residents.
Damn, I can cook up some motherfucking chicken.
Awesome movie!
RT : A much-belated thank you for the mention. Wishing you a great week!
I've been everywhere!! Where have you been?? Are you coming to Heat tonight?? It's my birthday party
#Spicy, crunchy Tuna roll+chicken yaki udon. And a glass of red #wine found a place too:-) How were the wings?
Ha! I have a book named Overcast. Guess that shows how I feel. Lol
Glad you enjoyed it! Developing new issues right now! Please write a review on iTunes if you'd like.
Correct, with short hair no less.
If u decide to get natural hair does dat mean u goin to give a natural birth????
Today I am making Cioppino. I love making Cioppino, because as it cooks through out the day, my house smells like a seafood restaraunt!
Get smart about your learning in the critical, social aspects. Get finished with Credentials that stack or ladder to success.
So you can rake a guy across the chest and arms multiple times, and no call. But brush against his scalp and it's a foul. Okay.
Tonight i drank a bit too much, lived a little too large. When i wake tomorrow i will not be tired.
yeah, you gotta do some MAJOR tummy work outs though! the outfits are bangin though, aye ! haha
Wow what?? If it's something about you-know-what you DM it to me.
archives on our wiki.
ofcourse I do :)
Nice. What were you smoking?
well the way cisse is banging them in and Ba is due soon, I see them getting at least a draw.
#kids Gustafer Yellowgold's Show at Good Records, Sat, May 19 12:00p: Celebrate the brand new DVD/CD "Gustafer Yellowgold's Year In The...
you are wearing shades...oink...
Outside of the arena is live too! lol
Thanks for your RTs. Much appreciated
Drinks with the incredible , and
*Curious coincidence* looks just wrong
When things go wrong! Look around and see who's next to you!!! No one!! But Jesus
Somebody might actually die during At The Drive-In this year....if I go, I'll be watching from a distance.
(c) him a few times and he didn't reply when he'd usually reply in a few mins and I really wanted him to skype me on June 21st (c)
"If this is true, then these people have perjured themselves." So , does that mean Ed Lee perjured himself too?
Lol this is quite an interesting day.
you not following anymore?
If you blog for business, how often do you create fresh content?
We are on break for a few minutes..
What a great day it's going to be!!!!!!!!
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. ~~ Alfred Montapert
Spending the day in the library til I get shit done
Balancing what students need/want to learn with institutional priorities is not always so easy.
Lol. I've always wanted to do it. I was just never driven to until I found out my dad plays. He does tournaments and all.
Team 10 Media wants to Thank and REWARD all of our supporters! We will be giving you a chance to win some prizes coming soon!
Cant wait till next weekend! Lil 5 and grand prix <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
Do you have a Tumblr Metrosource Magazine?
Holy shit. is taken on Instagram.
I'm pretty sure I told you to get on tumblr like 3 months ago -__-
Restaurant Wk is lovely - check it out! Bibb lettuce, flatiron steak & lemon pudding were perfect for a late dinner w/
Nice! I saw your pics! Can you DM me your e-mail ?
These lyrics tho...It's a old song but Sex Therapy.
RT So long status quo. You make me want to be brave. If you believe in me, that changes everything.
how to do a mobile phone video with u. I live in LA unsigned rapper go interscope records follows
the quick red fox waslked past the lazy dog.
Peace the new Dna Album is complete!!!!!
GET ON IT
Ima go buy some red pumps n do like Dorothy so I can go back home to jax *there's no place like home*
Excited to head up to Bay area next week for #MPINCC on March 21st at the Claremont Hotel Club & Spa !
I'm sure it will pick up soon. Stay encouraged!
hang in there! Let's get a celebratory drink this weekend when it's all over :)
Time for bed! But I have insomnia! Fak!
can't believe i'm still not sick from eating cinnamon toast crunch in the morning after so many years...
sure do wish programming from was free!
oh dear, what is going on in this movie?!
Someone put the Lake show on already...
It is a pleasure to share. Thanks so much!
BAnd Practice, Going going GONE! See ya!
Well, if you move here then I won't :) We can be snow bunnies together! Clad in fur!
TRAK is a specialized staffing agency for Information Management and Information Science professionals. Follow us at !
I love my first Jazz in the Park with my lady @?
Lil Kim and Biggie 're rich rap kids on the block, please stay in your own lane stink pussy Hoe!!! Who you trying to pass LMOA!!
hope work goes fast! ttys ;)
We need get those beats together homey
I hate when I tired & really wanna go to sleep.....but the faster I fall asleep the sooner mornin will come <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Daylight Savings has got you all frazzled? Stop in & get a free espresso shot in your drink!
Omg my butt cheeks are killing me.
hahaha you're a mess. Lol
"you know that cavalry of humans I told you about? Yeah, there is no cavalry. They're all zombies."
Patriots Super Bowl bound!!!! Yay Yay!!!
Senior day for This year, like most, has flown by. Hope the Kohl Center is rocking one more time for Rob and
haha. Im still upset it's Quinn though. I need to watch last nights two hour episode at some point today.
I love bacon.
Celebrating Mother's day with my children and family at a family cookout .
haha taken a page out of your sons playbook
at least once the fetus is formed, though perhaps not earlier than that.
I'm taking a marketing associate role Pretty stoked about it!
Getting better today.
I have not, and therefor I am ECSTATIC!
Thanks so much!
Is too shy for dork shorts.
agreed, i am just irritated
It is a weeping and a mourning and a gnashing of teeth.
Shakespeare festival makes changes for its 2012 season
MT : Abolitionist & suffragette Anna Elizabeth Dickinson b. 1842. 1st woman to speak before U.S. Congress.
Whether it's sexy or scary, what has been your best Halloween costume?
Amelie gets better and better each time I watch it. And for this film analysis assignment, that's a lot of times.
HELP! Looking for Christian Louboutin Bianca in size 39. Client willing to pay $$$$ Anyone have the connect???
must be nice.lol hope your having a great day babe.
Something must be wrong with me. It's like I'm eternally flawed. No matter how hard I try I can never get a non shitty job.
Editing dance videos. Love watching Desert Star Dance.
my downfall will come in a literal way: during a run. It's dark when I'm out and a fall is inevitable.
Being awesome in Chicago!
kids are working on both their laptops and the school computers...that's a problem. Printing issues?
Did AZ out kick the coverage on that.
"We need to promote African American women who are creating and producing." Gina McCauley #digidoy DMIS
Shit done got Real.. like Real Real
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut. ~Channing Pollock
Today is TOMS days without shoes.....Funny, today is also international "throw thumb tacks on the ground" day......
No, really. In 20 years isn't it possible that we'll be post-internet, and wonder how on earth we spent so much time on it.
good look homie! Still waitin on that verse doe ctfu!
I just saw a Dr. Scholl's ad that said its gel soul insert could make me dance hip-hop. I might video it. I feel like a new man already.
Hunt: need to integrate women, mothers into talking about effects of war in policy making.
I love you sexy
Will do.
Just finished I Hunt Killers! is a scary dude and I can't wait dig into his brain at the author tour on April 28th
Do you have authentic durango stone in your home or business? Let us know!
because I missed two of my finals since I lost my wallet and both of my teachers just told me to drop the class.
#LETANG trending worldwide
White Out still in the lead! Let's get even further! Vote at Dewmocracy.com!
hoping for an afternoon thunderstorm...listening to Graham Lindsey's Famous Anonymous Wilderness from 2003...one of my favorites for sure
My mom thinks stripes and plaid looks absolutely absurd. No creative eye, I tell you.
I wanna start a band!:)
my electricity is staying on for another month, I feel like such a grown up
i rocked the all american shirt yesterday
Ok its too quite!!!
I'm done with X-Factor. Sending home Astro & Drew is an absolute joke
Wait do you go in backwards at drive through in the UK the. Since the drivers seat is on the opposite side?
Thanks for leadership on #LRA. Please follow through and stop Kony’s crimes this year
Always Playing Games... Punk.
11-11-11: Take inventory in your life, let go of anything that doesn't make you feel alive. No judgment but a framework for powerful living!
You pushed me to the point where relationships scare me.
"the artist" is just as good the second time. and then we tap-danced at the subway station.
are you trying to make me feel bad now? ;~;
ideas are good, but making a point of acting on those ideas is the key to forward progress. Have you acted lately on what you’ve learned?
We welcome of to our distinguished list of speakers.
wanna work on the essay tomo during last study hall?
Berserker: -noun- One whose actions are recklessly defiant.
thanks and i shoutout u :)
Is It Suppose To Be Like This ... "/
so how r u?
Its funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
How's jerry you guies ? ;o lmfao
Talk to me i'm torn, i could get lost in a voice like yours. <3 (man, is correct about that;)
Shout to all ma new followers... Wuld name u off buh don wanna #leaveAnybodyOut ;)
a pain
Mass is finding it's voice. How many of those health care proponents actually read that crap... Guessing.. about five percent ?/
I might develop a Twitter account devoted only to pictures of cats...
yeah it's pretty good lol. I wish they did more songs like "the great I am"
Starting to fall in love with for tweeting thebstory so far lyrics <33333
Anything we can do to help! RT you're welcome & thanks for all that you do!
I never heard of him before.
I'd love to talk to you about #hublife and what I could do to get in on that!
. explains thpower of networks like Twitter to create distributed fact checking / fact collecting
Rick Santorum campaign collects cash in milk jugs at Illinois stops, per and
Thanks for the #FF happy weekend
What are you and your family doing today?
": I see Vegas in my near future!! :D" so go in may, I will b down there
black out at big star and try to climb the el tracks, eh? We've all been there man. Sympathies.
Best way to get well quick (or not): take care of 18 month old during witching hour while older boys, including daddy, go to baseball
Celebrities suck RT : Just came to the startling realization that I don't give a shit.
Time flies when you're swirling with us!
"gayest tweet ever". You called it. This bachelor party sucks. What happened to all the Hermies?
When a girl tells you about her problems, it doesn'r mean shes complaining, it means she trusts you
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Nice refs in Missouri! Bullshit!
don't know what to do, so i'm just going to tweet.
Nostalgically listening - reading rainbow made "manifestation" engines. Stories are integral to the human condition.
RT : Hey here's a sweet filmmaking tip - on a low budget film avoid talking snake puppets and inflatable characters.
3 minutes until my birthday!!!!!!!!
Spanish teams do it with soft loans and carry debt/unpaid taxes everywhere. Mansour could buy La Liga.
Chomping on some spicy shrimp. .....Getting ready for tonite
Please help!!!!!
Exclusive | The Dakota: An Apartment That Ticks All the Boxes It x2019;s not every day that an apartment at the famed Dakota with two bal
Dont feel stupid for missing him, even if he treated you like dirt you still had happy memories.
Site Settings -> Clear Test Data. Hope this helps!
I was just checking. I want to LIVE!
So mind your damn business
Good evening Wicked Tweeters, we love the month of October. Not just the mysteriousness of Halloween,but the creativity that presents itself
Tactics for the second half was horrible, and especially entering Smith while the whole team is drop back in defense
if i were 's FOTM i'd die. lol no joke
show in west chester was flipping awesome
you interested in going to BigOmaha this year? I'm going to make it this time I promise.
We can add some Raysa-worship to the schedule of events!
Pretty Good. Just got home from a great church service. And its good to hear from you. What about you, how's your life?
So maybe bullfighting isn't the smartest thing in the world after all, huh Spain?
You should think about buying stock in PapaJohns then
RE: Stealing tweets, as a humorist we take the lead from Louis CK, he says if it gets laughs DAMN RIGHT he will take it!!!!
It's hard to wait for something you know will never happen, but it's even harder to stop when you know it's the most thing you ever wanted..
I Smile in Grace to hide the trace of hate
nah. It was just that email I sent you. You can fix it next pass through I am sure.
just bought money in a game with real money.
I havent been on in ages
ill dm my number tomorrow and we will talk
It can't be true
Thank you to all you artist, engineers and producers that helped us on the #tranZitions project. Almost there!
I know a few Pauls, who are we talking about?
nice way of saying tyrant.
Kevin from Phantomime told me to get in contact with you about finding a venue. If you would like us 2 help plz let us know.
is on the air live from the BCA pressbox now until 6:00pm. Tune into his sports talk radio show on Sports 1280 and 107.3 WHTK
I dont be on here like that and cant see ur face. Who this?
Each day I find new and implausible methods of torturing myself.
you should come to the House of Blues that's opening in San Antonio.. For me? <U+2764> (:
When do you want to talk? My days are pretty crazy with this new TV series I picked up but lets set something up.
WTF America is trending... love it!
It is way too nice out to be sitting here in this office
AMEES a success. Yea! Now on to the SAG-AFTRA Merger. One union-One Voice and then back to my music. Please.
no I didn't! Send again! And get back to work!!!!
Happy Zombie Jesus Day!
Any questions or can we give advice regarding our application process?
What a game! Did you watch the Super Bowl last night? Who were you pulling for, Giants or Patriots?
lmfao your so racist
Oh its cool babe. Errything is goin good. We workin!!!!
Oh That's smart!! really smart! hey I have to go to school I will tweet u later bye! Love You <33
A bundle!
Big love for (and for my husband who bought insurance). I get a brand new 4G MyTouch tomorrow in exchange for my busted phone!
Crying...must mean I'm at the airport.
NIAM is trending. oh dear. I think you are to blame.
“: #AdvicefromaSenior : Don't smoke cigarettes! Smoke all the weed you want but don't smoke cigarettes!" damn right beenthere
Grizzlies fans are dicks
#WhenTheBossIsAway you don't worry about it (anything) until they get back. they're just gonna change it all anyways.
Side mouth talk is worse RT ": but this duke doesn't know i give the mean side eye! knows."
Come see Friends the movie today at Bare Bones Film Festival (Muskogee, Ok) Roxy Balcony, 4pm. FREE and open to the public.
I feel like I need to go exercise
Guns N' Roses will be playing live at Comerica Theatre, Arizona on 27th Dec. Plan your holidays & buy tickets now by calling: 888-493-0004
Why you mad? Cuz I didn't wanna get in your drama shit haha
Thanks Brotha, appreciate it.
Super late night #NSP board meeting. I've got the Peanut M&Ms and Twizzlers. what did YOU bring?
Yes, you are! RT : Ice Age: Meltdown is on. Squirrel is favorite character.
I finally reach my 300 tweet yeah by Saturday I will have 400 wont a beat I will .....today Wednesday by Saturday I will have 400 follows<3
Metta delivers in every Game 7
Finished bikram yoga today! Awesome. U should tried in your town.
Already looking up hotels for our next getaway. Can. Not. Wait! Might have to skip the drive though... 45 min flight to LA? Think so...
Trying to decide which is worse on #Facebook, "new mother" or "grad school student". Maybe I'll ask "sushi noms girl"...
sitting in traffic on the west side hwy so your tweet is timely to help kill the boredom. when's your next Gotham show?
um sure, not this week tho. I get finals next week.
So did you go a full 60 days w/o shaving, GI Joe?
Hey I've been voting 253 to the # 383838 for 4days so far for everyday! Please follow me?!?!?! ;) <3
Yo phone sucks, and the carrier. Now theyre even lol and cause I thought you were going to sleep cause you didnt text back...
I still flirt with who ever!
No time to be emotional.
then there really is no point in going
I think both of my dogs are smarter than
California Grapes International, Inc. will work with the American Embassy in Abu Dhabi, UAE to conduct a multi-day California #wine event.
I get to use what I want; I work in IT and my preferences is for FOSS
Wouldn't u know it fucking freezing
I got the clippers this game
no one knows that don't saying nothing
Just because I don't get involved in drama or talk about people at school doesn't mean im cocky
woodson was like a tenacious flying squirrel on his last pick...
Thanks for all the input! We love active, intelligent and thoughtful users. Happy cooking!
burned 165 calories doing 30 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
Watching tv
Dreams are a glimpse of the future of the steps you'll be taking today!!
Yes. I don't like to count anyone out, but I will be stunned if he's back at anywhere near 100% this year.
Merry Christmas! That KC game is a mere blip on our path to greatness.
im still upp!!
But couldn't make it Sat night!
Can't really sleep. Watched tv now sleep coma. all. day, bronchitis sucks.
A new escrow, and a short sale approval...Wrapping up the week strong!
Am I crazy - but did Bill Clinton look a lot like Dick Van Dyke last night on Letterman?
Wish I'd met you at the conference... I saw your tweet A few mins ago then my phone died. Hope 2 meet soon!
All the nubile lolis in my harem don?t think that I?m a complete loser.
I'm really hoping Gov. Quinn crashes Mitch Daniels' response. Preferably while drunk & shouting "INDIANA MIRACLE" repeatedly.
It was a pleasure to be part of seeing 130 new hires today what a great accomplishment for February.
RT : The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: OPEN!
Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat.
I can see the cathedral from my window and I'm pretty sure #Irene destroyed another few crosses on the towers :S
Hehehe...yeah Lou..yeah
With how Goodell & Bettman have ruled on punishments 4 head shots recently, I'll be surprised if Stern doesn't suspend Artest thru playoffs.
I'm so glad you heard from her.
awesome! Email us at
I thought I was drinking Tecate but my olfactory only senses someone's perfume shower they took before coming to
I have a feeling this old woman with the walker is going to have a funny act.
Thanks for the Follow and for the Rt !!
haha no worries :)
WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY! SOUNDTRACK LIST IS UP
Ha - I'm sure I have some sreemail in there.
This round girls lip and eye bro piercing look like she was slapped by a hot soldering iron or that young iron hot comb
I received a bogus dm from a hacker, but they made it look like it was from a friend. Be careful. Don't click on links you don't know :)
even sleeps "flawlessly". He may be the Most Interesting Man in Richmond. Hope your run was amazing as well!
Shout out to Anna from Florida! 20
Please tweet at us with links to any blog posts, photos, etc. you upload post- #THATCamp Games...
Show tonight at Gilberts resort in Key Largo 8 PM
nice! Did you take pictures?
Dear , plz dont screw Black Ops 2 up. DO NOT REWARD BAD PLAYERS!!!!!!!!!!!
Bubble baths are relaxin........ and yea I still take bubble baths PROBLEM!!! O.o
read my location, bitch.
iStar Financial Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
Is it weird that I enjoyed Vince Gill's Kimmell performance?
Welcome to the Twitterverse, Lindsey's new identity.
Happy Mothers Day Mom!
OPI Axxium is thicker when finished but have more colors options Shellac is easier to apply but only 24 colors so far
You know you have some serious junk if the big trash scammers come by and don't take anything.
I don't doubt his friend told him about the FB sounds but he didn't mention it was made popular in a G+ post a few days ago.
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite tweeps!! :)
lol ok c: RT taha nxt time ill spot you one (: RT share! RT this mango smoothie C: >>>
So yeah work wise I literally would be better off if I had stayed home today.
not only that, but a purdy one to.
All is well. I'm an Eagle fan by marriage, so I'm ready for next week. I vow to write for every hour of football I watch.
I can and will :-)
Thinking I may have celebrated hump day by *finally* getting over the hump on this nasty virus. I feel a break (real this time).
A Sister Among You: National Day of Prayer! Pray, people!
The Devils, Saints/Devils :)
yellow taxi driver is on phone & can't help but think how beautiful whatever language he's speaking. Sure it's a bunch of clicks/fclacks
I love swimming
I swear they only hire Filipinos at Frys
": Bill Clinton having sex with that woman. #TFM"
Brat Fest? Yes please. Pass the sauerkraut.
where's my harassment of late?
Ended live stream!
#WELL DONE 1D for being a group of cunts
Cate thanks for the mention.
I love that show!
A bit sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> but I am not drinking any medicine I despise medicine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> I only like pills, medicine is disgusting even though it helps
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana bananas from Baghdad
Can't want to see you there #raelynns Can't wait to go to the sale at on the 30th! I love #prom #dresses!!
Thank you so much and I haven't forgotten about you! Let's Connect!!!
in 11 yrs I have never been to an after hours ch 3 event!
Thank you!!
did we seriously just get a youtube account just so we could look up that. Video Haha lmfao yea we just did
Innovations and SM great benefits but run the risk of censorship across the world. Problems for fundamental freedom of expression.
Raaaaaawwwwwrrrrrr #3days ... I will turn into a dinosaur if I have to wait any longer
Music can change the world because it can change people. Bono
i call BS there's 3-4 min of dead air every 20 min.
In #40DAYS my ovaries will be gone <3 Can't wait :D
woohoo! congrats!! :D
so my birthday is sunday the big 25 wonder what's in store since i no longer live close to nola that means no casino for the birthday :(
Another day lost in Doctor offices, giving more blood for tests, but not getting answers. Only more questions.?
let help someone today
Rueben Randle off to promising start with Giants (National Football Post)
diggin this fog.
WOOT. Team to the bitter end. Though I suspect only you, and I will be using the account....
i just read your twitlonger i hope one day he sees it or talks to you #staystrong i'm here if you need someone to talk to<3
Need people to play in Fantasy Football League in Denver Area. Draft will be this Sat. or Sun. Please send direct message if interested.
it was strange
the other night a dark man dressed in a black suit introduced me to #mascato. was classic.
OMG! I forgot what winter feels like! It's COLD in NC!
so far i have selena gomez, miranda cosgroves, zendaya and kenton duty autographs, hope to get more soon :)
Europe for the Holidays sponsored by !
'I'm an accountant take me away'
Bread Pudding – The Queen of Puddings | meetjustdownthehall
I think I would rather shit a pineapple than watch a silent movie.
imagine if a guy who gets paid by the NHL starts crapping all over the NFL during their playoffs. Might sound like this
1 hour until I make my quads scream. I can't wait!
Everyone is an expert at something, and public speaking provides the perfect outlet for you to share your expertise. Give it a try!
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER!<U+2764> HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! :) I LOVE HIM SO MUCH! FOLLOW HIM!
aye what's racks info I gotta write dude
haha is is? That makes sense girl ;) rest your case indeed lol & yes, I really won't be on much the coming weeks though xo
lordyuanshu.com back on the google front page for final fantasy xii walkthrough, duking it out with the heavyweights.
Thank you for the follow! Happy Saturday to you :D
Chronic complainers <<<<<< it's like dang. Can you stfu and take two seconds to see how blessed you really are?
Happy Labor Day! Take the day off knowing your hard work is appreciated =)
really rain...really.
The Dick Clark / The Mayans Were Right meme is already my favorite of 2012.
I'd like to believe, lol. Thats it just believe. Cause lately people have no faith.
Guys love girls who can cook or bake.
should payton rest them in second half?
Hey Ben thanks for follow, I read some of your tweets DUDE YOU ARE FUNNY!!!!!!!
CD Release shows should be announced soon...
": That was ssoooo awesome, always a blast with my ;)"<---Had a great time!!!Needed that! Laughed A LOT!!!
That about sums it up.
Love be yours and love by mine.
thanks guys. its not a HUGE deal, but a slight annoyance and after googling i found a few others with similar issues.
the beer stuff is for "fake" kobe beef, aka anything not in japan, and the limited movement is more a veal thing than kobe beef
Thanks for this Twitter virus!
Shacca my old mate!
Photography is such a good class to have first period. Its so relaxing
Go Sporting Go! We are here and we want everyone to know! We are here to win the cup and we will never ever stop.
Put Your Hearts Up for She deserves it!!!
Happy Birthday
I just heard dubstep used in a #walottery commercial. Why, baby Jesus, why?
Thanks for retweeting George Alter's piece. He was on my diss committee back in the day. :)
Goodnight everyone.
Nothing will ever satisfy you in this world! Focus only on God and let him guide you to your purpose. It's ok to swim against the current!
RT : 2 seats out of 4 possible taken in face of voter suppression & every GOPTeaTHUG party dirty trick #wiunion Its only the...
haha! I don't follow gaga. Is that shocking?
Our Twitter handle is ;)
Derp. Let's try that again!
Hooray for FRIDAY :)
if there's a groupon for a movie, the movie probably sucks.
I'm so confused. I went away for a week, came back, and now my page looks all DIFFERENT. Help.
Stop playing Xbox and watch the NBA
hi my Greek friend.
1 more final
Done and done!
Just got done looking at Brothers at War documentary really good story
You da one(;
If she can't keep a phone on - she can't keep me interested. I like stability
Hey its me Danielle lol, we met on omgele i think it was lol like a year or 2 years ago :)
Thank you for the follow!
While I might not remember next wknd at #coachella ... weho, I WILL remember tonight's ride foreva! You killed it!
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life
cool imma send it in a few
I dont agree! We are all created equal! And should look at the worth of a heart and soul, not the education!!
Early morning workout, got it done! I'm pumped and ready for the day, hope you are to.
The way my sister looks when telling me something sappy. It's freakin' #PRICELESS. x
Idk but you told you were once a "Crazy Horse" kinda girl.
im happy for you that you got your sandwich
If you're dealing with a manipulative ex, who seems to be set on driving you crazy, join our newsletter today, and get help right now..
Better than the version passed, but still has many problems; particularly the disparate impact on certain people groups....
It's like unicorns licking my ears #NoKings T minus 17 days
Q: Where is your favorite place to eat at Town Center at Aurora?
thanks! Enjoy your day.
Or maybe boubon... #Decisions... Pains me to say it, go Louisville tonight... Bring home the Big East crown with those orange jerseys!
The last concerts of the year are the worse cuz people think we want to hear them talk about their teachers and then start crying. No
CONGRATS! So excited for you!
someone come take a nap with mee.
Heavy elbows of JON BONES JONES made him the winner by decision, like I said he would win!
period guide look
Mailed my ballot today! BOY! that was a LOT of info for just one little word.....yes
I ate it,all
aw no problem! <3
Using a really annoying voice when you read peoples tweets that you dislike... So your friends dislike them too.
At least VY won't have to worry about hypothermia from taking off his jersey on the sidelines after a January game in Buffalo
I need to know details, Kase. Also, no go for me on the Cubs game, I start my bball league this week which is Tues nights :(
Chicago WordPress guru needed for a moonlighting gig. Local Bluetooth Low Energy Startup - we can make you famous! Tweet us back!
Oh just got the words. All Ice Tea are $1 in 20oz cup. Beat the heat with Ice Tea
sounds good hmu
yo...can you DM me your address...I have to mail you some stuff
going to get a bite in mickey D's :D
C'mon, Biggest snub is Asdrubal Cabrera at SS. At least Konerko got beat by a great player. Cabrera got beat by hack Jeter.
Nothing more thrilling then seeing client in a show. Sarah Knapp in OVER THE TAVERN. Ok maybe eating lobster by the water is thrilling too
Don't forget to enjoy the daddy time while you can!
Congrats to the Ravens Eric DeCosta on being named assistant GM for them. Well deserved & a great person. Ravens are a first class group.
Please watch me on (or record) CBS' #CriminalMinds @ 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)! Also record my recurrence on NBC's #HarrysLaw at the same time!
Thanks for the folo. (You'll make it!)
I have been alright. Been through a couple fires but things are better now. Living in Milw. Working, living the dream. You?
Total time searching for a Mother's Day card: 17 seconds.
Watching my Nana recover from a fall has made me appreciate the little things a bit more. Hope I'm this independent at 90.
I think you're referring to a hatchet. RT : Isn't ratchet a type of tool? Um
“: BRB- This lil diva needs to get squeaky clean... Rub-a-dub-dub Dee's getting in the tub!!! XD” pic or didn't happen ;)
Oh, haha well our snow is Broncos snow, their snow is just snow :)
I 2nd that!
There's no boy equivalent of a dress...? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
Cut Out Vinyl Window Decals available at NYC Printing 123. Take your advertising to the next level!!! Call now!!!
"we didn't request you to fix our compromised site, your invoice is denied." -um ok I guess I should put it back the way it was?
Please stop by this week and see us. Just one block north of the convention center on Washington nxt to the Westin
#RIPRYAN No One Deserves To Be Bullied :'(
The voicemail is a lost art.
Ah - if only it wr b/c of the holiday. Far less 2 do thr. T'is all work-related 4 me. How R U holding-up? Got yr shopping done?
perpetual #mw2012 problem: realizing that you're now headed home with only half the conversations you wanted to have. rats.
If your computer crashes, try rebooting it. Sometimes it just needs a break! Otherwise call Ghostbusters, I mean.. us.
I definitely agree!!!!
shit, if I just had access to everyones ears i would literally be an unstoppable fuckin force.
I can't think of much that is as annoying as air travel :P boarding flight number 2.
That's awesome. It's great that the day promotes awareness, but people need to be cautious all the time.
Priceless taylor. This is the kind of stuff that you say that cracks me up everyday
That is too funny. I have been making Jolly Rancher infused vodka these last few weeks.
too many that's for sure!!!
smh that's bullshit:/ they put me in for a second
Years into the Great Depression workers began to mobilize for a New Deal- This our moment, now we must organize
I know that feeling.
What do you do when your life comes crashing down in you and your hearts broke?
still excited for the #ASG despite Mr. 3000 and A-Rod not attending
Howdy! For the concert series starting this Friday, do we need our badges to attend? and if so where do we get them? thanks:)
OMG ON RIGHT NOW!!! AAAHHHHHHH<3
Please follow me(: 10
Untill the nineteenth century solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia. #tidbits=)
Thanks for the birthday love!
why thank you!
ha yayy!! hope your birthday is going good!
so it turns out therapy just means heavily debating bad choices before you eventually make them?
yep that's the one. I should get off no later than 5:30.
Thank you presidents!
ok what is Niall even eating? It looks like Mac and cheese mixed with chicken and oatmeal. Clarification please?
hm, au poivre if you will
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Au Revoir Les Enfants". It was nominated for Best Foreign Film in 1988. Starts at 7:30pm.
someone maced the club, 17 fights, weird crowd at work last night.. It was like "work release" crowd
Cheez-its w/ pepperronis are so dang on GOOD!
The only thing that has to be finished by next Tuesday is next Monday.
Seriously, I take a twitter break for like 2 hours and miss everything! >:(
Come to Chicago, and I'll take you to . I'm a java-nut - and it's the best I've ever tasted.
Fly Free Academy, bout to collab with in the near future, everyone stay posted!
Respect the brow bitch!!!!
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
M... I think i might just eat some now...
Jon Faddis ticket giveaway today at 3pm @ Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
(AP) -- Federal judge stays Barry Bonds' sentence of house arrest, pending appeal
Today we are singing "I get by with a little help from my friends.". What other songs would be appropriate?
- who do you think is the best rookie QB in the NFL just now?
My keyboard and my luggage made of human eyelashes have something in common: case sensitive.
Jim Whitaker~ You never conquer a mountain. Mountains cant be conquered you conquer yourself--your hopes your fears.
Happy Birthday <3
Hope you're making enough for all 4,267 of us!
So wishing I was in Vancouver right now for the Stargate Convention... (pouting)... =(
the hulk was epic
Treat people right , but be cautious . Some people will just take advantage of you .
through ups and downs, i dont give shit. i wont love you any less and you're my baby <3 #Rena'e
Thanks to for coming to the Chiles Center to cover yesterday's graduation for a really fun Mother's Day story! bitly.com/l8jU6g
relax all weekend (: thats what i would do.
Nice, you follow me just to unfollow me.... I am so hurt.
hey sweetie, if i am in a private show just sign up for email alerts and they'll let you know when i'm available - hugs laci
It is who you know AND what you know.
a four on the wonder lick bruh your remedial as fuck how did you get into college
I lost count and started countin again.
Ana says SWS is prob gonna take a break since is about to have a kid. I didnt know whether to smile or cry but I should CRY :(
RT : Come to the new DOG store open now in Honolulu. Good job baby lysaa don't let lifestyle mishaps get u down.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant. - Socrates
Best pee ever
Merry Christmas Everyone
Girl you talk to much, SHUT UP.
RT : Good morning, everybody. The new TMBG podcast is out today--just putting the finishing touches... on it... now!
WIN that's what they're gonna do :)
I've been told today I sound like a very attractive man.
Not that nervous about today
"I need that record!" was a good doc flic. check it
he isn't doing his job well then. He is letting his ego get in the way of his JOB. That nigga made fucking kazam.
it's a private group so if you aren't in it it just shows up as some horrible FB error message
2 new posts! Warm Teal look and Hair Care Tips!
ha i'll propably have my own nickname soon
TY!! RT : The presentation should be available for download next week or end of the month
Reading over the details on this Facebook Fast Track idea. Wondering if it would be a good deal for the college.
Here's to the Mahomies who tweet "<3" at the end of their tweets because of Austin.<3
Spring always follows winter, even the coldest and darkest of winters gives way to spring!
Hahaha know you would :D
The annexation of Puerto Rico never fails
Don't care about all the pain in front of me, Cause i'm just trying to be happy <3
Work til close:(
Wed., 4/27 @ 6PM, North Ave. Market: "Art & the Open City", panel hosted by curators of exhibition Baltimore: Open City.
Let's see what happens when I no longer exist....
ikr like there is always drama
Just stay awake for me, I just don't wanna miss anything.
geez! everything ok?
We will be doing just that ": Saturday means only one thing on the south side. Attebury's for Ribs! #eatlocalmilwaukee"
let's talk about semiosis, bay-bee
Just found your website. Love it!
Hahaha... I know I couldn't. I'd be in the living room, or out in the car. Wait... no. Spiders seem to love my car. Yech.
Damn on one of this Moods when u play sad songs =/
Just got home. Good trip. Next week is Chicago - Illinois Holocaust Museum.
RT : Know this is going to be hard to swallow, but we're all-in for #Wisconsin w/ over
Curious to see what face looks like today. Me thinks it might not be too pretty.
“Music is the soul of language.” (Max Heindel)
man I love Chicago...thank you
Awesome! Want to DM us your email? We can continue the conversation there.
Alright this game is a little too close now Bucks need to start playing D again.
Stupid is as stupid does. - Joseph La Bonde
Hate days of watching the clock.
Did it ever occur to some ppl that a guy will do right for the right female...
Hmm, maybe that venti pumpkin spiced latte wasn't a good idea. Should have gone with the grande. I've got the jitters!
She aint the next bitch, tell that bitch fall back .
A vigorous walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine & pyschology in the world.
Baby we dont need no scripts for this just make it look nastie :)
: Guess what I am eating!
It's so pleasant out. Taking a study break to have a stroll to go get chipotle. Yumma
straight gin. why do i ever think you're a good idea?
you are awesome.
Funny when a soccer mom goes 80mph with kids in the car while texting... Sick of peoples sense of entitlement
If you like blues, rock or funk than may be the tour of the year. If you like all 3 genres than may be the tour of the decade
who is the one with a Michael Vick Falcons jersey?
hey just touching base...I didn't get the info if you emailed it to me
shea having a rough bus ride home lmao
Love is lyk water yuu kcan play with it fall in it but at the end it always find its way tuu evaporate....
in other news, i've been daydreaming abt all 4 coaches on The Voice wanting me, & what i'd say. & then i start misting tears of joy.
History's Heroes - 1/25/61: President John F. Kennedy is the first president in US history to hold a live television news conference.
yup! Can't wait yo!
What a lineup at Siskel in January! Eisenstein, complete Bresson, Melancholia, Take Shelter, Skin I Live In, Bride Wore Black
il play
Oh. Not poisonous I hope.
A day in the life of Ratio designer today: Illustrating Crotches and Mayonnaise. Living the dream!
Happy Friday! What are your weekend plans?
Is not looking forward to driving to #Austin in this crazy weather
While one finds company in himself and his pursuits, he cannot feel old, no matter what his years may be
Hear that ? A couple walk-off homers and you can wrap this baby up.
ahah, they're like.. super awesome. (: coolest five guys EVER. hehe.
isn't he a cutie? I am sure the spca has tons of adoption calls already!
In three words I can sum up what I have learned about life: It Goes On! ~Robert Frost
I hope you hand is feeling better than my head this morning
It's not my style to say this, but I'm proud after today's competition. Mainly for my fighting spirit - Tatyana Lebedeva
you're brainwashed like the rest o.O
Craig, the Google site search for "pokerstars club knoxville" takes about 2 weeks to work (If that was you Lenoir City)
For sure. I'll shoot you a call again early next week!
Great article re: Influence vs Power. I just reposted - and signed up for ;-)
Kicking things off at our event! chief scientist talks energy strategy
This Guy
Yay...New part of the job...Planning...Planning...Planning.
Need a new house or apartment? HotPads for Kindle Fire now available with native mapping
Awh whoever called me pretty on tumblr- you made my day :)
Look within and find our natural gifts and talents and focus on one of the and expand and refine---good things will happen.
9:30 probably. Kegs flowing already.
I'm not the kind to believe in too much spiritual stuff--or any, but when the chick told me he's been depressed and struggling...
"Early to bed, early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise<U+FFFD>"
Me too!!! They're fixing things that ain't broke!
About to turn in this application at game stop
u just got out of school??
Excuse me?
lap dance imo
I was replying to this: #QuestionsLesbiansGetAsked you know girls can hurt you too right?
Have a lot of plans #overthesummer? Use the calendar feature on the #app to keep track of your busy schedule!
RT I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness, so I don’t intimidate you..
Beauty Queen Bootcamp next week?
Anybody up for a little all you can eat cheese buffet at Art #seattle this week? I got a craving.
Haha only highlights of the episode was gibby and Spencer. I laughed because the 1D boys couldn't act but I loved it anyway.
big nap
RGIII either hates hats or it's too small
and not to mention we are a local Miami based firm and we tweet about all things South Florida! Follow us at
Thinking about doing a house show this month.,. who would come?
Twitter is not entertaining me..
If Roy Williams woulda broken his wrist, I wouldn't care. I feel bad however for Kendall Marshall. All #kubball wishes you well KM.
Why yes I am! I was at the colloquium. "The Hillary Effect": Are you familiar with the 'Women in Public Service' project?
If you have any cool stuff to trade, contact me. :)
Missing some Lanna Thai here|RT : Finally wrapped and packed up after a 2 day shoot. It's time for India Palace
#Pens play the Bs tonight and hopefully they play against them as opposed to letting them skate all over them like the Flyers :P
M.I.A is better tho RT.
Taco all things!
Wonderful day. Waffles, Mario Kart, family hike, pho, creative work, burst of tweets from afar, birthday party for an old friend. Grateful.
Serious highlight of my week. Being rolled around Target and 5Below in a wheelchair by my dad.
Thanks! RT Testing So far I have to say: damn! Gorgeous UI!
...skid row is holyground
#ImHappyWhen friends get published, I hear laughter, eat chips & salsa, or do the chicken dance. Just to name a few for fun.
knew you'd do this haha
Blindly walking around the apartment with my hands out. Accidentally went to second base with
Thanks, Jon! So, Blogger users can post webcam video, too? Cool!
Would you be interested in reviewing a book - How to Be a Good Divorced Dad by Jeffery Leving? Can share mine on Kindle
Good stuff, hope your right. Schedule favors them. By the way, just saw spread again today at MSU, was Boise+10, now +6.5.
During the month of August, purchase a 1 month UNLIMITED TANNING package for just $99.
": fuck it. I wanna sell crack. Someone front me. #serioustweet" u ain't bout that life
Hubby was just telling me history last night! Def piqued my interest!
Off to the hookah bar tonight, Orlando tmrw for Halloween horror nights.
Listening to talk about best practice. Strong community, with some stories posted on radio, others online.
#SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES (all caps)
Big Blue never disappoints!!! Super bowl time??? Yeuuuussss
My dog is eating grass. :U
Hey all--the Rooster's show has been moved back a bit to 9:30. Sorry about the inconvenience. Come on out and hang!
hahaha AH Ryan!!! This makes me love you more!!!!
Lucky, I'm all the way in section 211 balcony. Ticketmaster was sold out so my cousin and I had to get tickets from StubHub
Just got back, but only for a second. So tired! But TY so much for your DM I'll try it tomorrow from my computer.
right back at ya.!!:)
lucky you! I just got done with my history exam.
Great night to be a GTC!
Lord Creator God, Back then, you warned against worshiping sun/moon/stars. Now, would you warn against worshiping people (self/stars)?
can we get married already, or...
Valley Couple Wins Wedding Extravaganza
NOW I know I like you!!!!
DANIEL'S HOME FROM AFGHANISTAN!!! :)
you're a goon
my hair looks like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> today. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Get on TV by thinking like a producer. What would happen in a segment that featured you? Then pitch that to producers.
Yes it was. I think the piece was unfair. It's clear they don't care for the show and that feeling bleeds over in everything.
The their watching me check -------> Bo ------> ......20 seconds later a tree falls somewhere in the world
Can't come to IA, but look forward to Harmony 2morrow!
Please do Norm! This is going to be such a great show!
I love blueberries and 'Speaking of...!'
can I guess based on where you went after our last meeting?
learn how to talk to a girl
thank you very much
Beach beach beach. Why am I not at the beach already.
Wait a second...you weren't on TV today...
FF4 had me switch back, mainly b/c of Zotero (like having it pinned as an app). Still use chrome for app shortcuts.
It is RT : Omg and these niggas be gettin that "caught her on a drunk night" pussy tryna make it seem like its just THROWN at em
#Cats have a third eyelid, called a haw, that is rarely visible. If it can be seen, it could be an indication of ill health.
Had a productive day with many meetings, music advancements and work progression. I gotta keep up this pace if I expect to be rich before 30
write on! should you ever need a guest blogger, I'd love it, and I think your readers might, too!
Car smashed into pole on 16th street im DC.
Hell yeah!
All i listen to in my car is & :) #ItGetsMeGoin. Party in my car lol #RangeRover #AllWhiteErrThang ha
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 3
Natalie Portman's real name is Natalie Hershlag
taking tons of pictures but not being able to post one
God bless baseball, and god bless the Rays!!
I still got it: season's first batch of chili is a success.
I speak to Twitter more than humans
Don't be a puss! :P RT : asked what i was i was to scared to ask -.- great haha
How about this Friday (3/9)? China Boy South at 11:30 a.m.?
Seriously, does anyone really get stuff done during the day?
Sri Lankans arent to good on the slopes haha!!
It's amazing how music can lift and soothe the Soul!
How does a woman show she's planning for the future? Plastic Surgery.
who's behind the supes movie? Last I heard, Nolan was actually supervising the script.
We're excited to see Aron Ralston speak! What an inspiration. Did you see 127 Hours?
The absolutes in studio now!
Soon enough!
Does the Nexxus commercial bother anyone else? Beautiful girl. Then she opens her mouth. "but you CAN defy it" voice doesn't fit.
don't know yet
GETTIN SWOLE isnt a #Hobby... Its a Way if Life!
Not to rain on your parade, but if you're 30 & expect the U.S. government to take of you when you're 80, you're an idiot.
Seriously, I wanna see kidrauhl boogers I mean, they must be gold boogers or something. Lol!
Ah, if I was in Orlandoo... (:
I totally ment honey mustard. Lmao.
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
It has been said that we don't see things as they are, but we see things as we are.
Thanks a ton! We'll get on it right away.
Almost gametime! Pre-game meal at Olive Garden, and then final preparations begin. Game kicks off at 8 pm eastern time.
showed up in Iowa today, they said canceled, rain was coming in, boom, we go back home, it has yet to rain
tori can kill herself with the shit shes saying
I woke up earlier this morning and thought it was Saturday... Oh how the mind can play cruel games with you.
phone no, laptop yes, then laptop died :( currently plugging in
Sitting in the parking lot dreading work
Today is suppose to be a beautiful day...and I have no plans..
Bring the ruckus, son!!
would love to know more about why you say this! RT : The phrase "creative coding" and its variants are misleading and distracting.
Thanks, , for an awesome lunch! Now I'm truly ready for an afternoon of #librarian -ing!
I () just connected with - the social networking site of !
Escape the heat at 3pm today -- last chance to see Michael Haneke's original 'Funny Games' at 3pm.
I'm a leader not a follower.
whoever say money can't buy happiness have obviously never bought a song on ITunes
Thanks for the mentions
My college teacher knows I be high
You sent me into a major flashback complete w Mom's voice "Just wait 'til your Father gets home." lol
#BoyzNtheHood is on right now!!
I love your SMILE always and forever <U+2665>
Happy hour will prevail!
And this is what makes me upset.Horrible day Fml.
Some of the greatest productions in film and plays never reach the big screen. Entertaining and Inspirational.
Glad your knee is feeling better XO :)
If you have questions for Author , tweet me or post on the Facebook fan page or email me.
Someone write my essay so I can watch Supernatural
Mortgage lender financial Tip: Own a home as a hedge against upcoming inflation. Could be as high as 15% in coming years due to govt. debt.
I def need to develop that habit! I had to run out early last night at #SMCMKE so I missed you. Are you going to #Bizcomm12 ?
Bored I need some hair glue...ugh
I know that the law accepts my word and delivers to me the conscious manifestation of health.
uggh 2 and 1/2 more hours tell i can get tickets! Time needs to move faster! x
The fact that I'm oddly obsessed with stationary is probably the whitest thing about me.
Good morning everyone! I hope you all have a good day. Whatever you do today, be great at it!
yup hes in it
#Oomf tweet like one of these hoes
Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.-Epictetus
great seeing you today. I wish we had more time to talk
#EveryGirlAtValley at valley got a story some got told on valley 411 the rest got passed around edna Horton
LOVE sound designer John Zalewski. We've been trying to work with him, but he's never available. We totally understand why.
Dont be mistaken there will be two people hosting his show..Cowherd and his ego.
I got some more joints ready for u bro
In person with a more 'hands on' approach? ;) x
I'm sorry I've been busy darling
RT Your tears are the words you cannot express.
what if I move near you :)
My brain hurts. Stop talking.
Thinkn money everyday in thinkn money...bust a nut then it's bak to makin money....
Funny you mention it, I have been trying to get my hand on a license to give it a whirl. THX!
new years resolution: Date more models. Revised: Date more. Revised: Get a date. Revised: stop crying while masterbating.
Happy Monday, indieLUVERS! New week, new challenges... let's kickass! Yayayaaa. <U+2665>
No sexual refernces, I'm surprised! But okay! I got you next time i see you :)
Horseradish FTW
You just shut it DOWN!TRUTH!
Who is getting stoked for 33 next month at in Austin? Can you believe it's the 33rd one?? Who'll be there?
haha yea its awesome :)
That was wrong lol
Nice pick on Torain. I drafted keiland Williams in one (deep dynasty).
#TeamFollowALemmingOffACliff Looking for some new friends! Nevermind my lack of personality.
Time to clean my apartment. 1,100 sq ft. and I can only see the floor in about 200 sq ft
dude omfg i made an account austinsclothes & holy jesus!(:
Passed my algebra & science sol, it would be nice if the world geo. scores would come in !!
Glad it's working for you! RT on a positive note, i love single sign on and getting my ILL requests :) cc:
Nice job SC! Sorry Jimbo and my other ASU alumni friends. Beat the Beavers!
what's a "good one?" like at Walgreens they tell me to have a good one... Good day? Good night? Good month? Good day of class?
Only a few more days and all this hard work will finally pay off!
is that close enough? That's from washing my hair like 6 times. #picsoritdidnthappen MY ASS
BREAKING: Chargers confirm Junior Seau's death at 43
GO VOTE FOR ON FOR THAT USTREAM
I sorta, maybe, kinda, understand your point about wanting to be right...but no part of me wants Braun to be suspended
If you think Education is Expensive, try Ignorance.
um..? You make no sense. You're confusing me!
what is that!? &why don't you just text me back, it'll be so much easier then all that.
My very least favorite place on the whole planet is Walmart on a Saturday.
If they ain't bringin nothin to the table they shouldn't be eating wit you<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Add me on words... LNjcarp
hi! This is her fan pg u can get tabatha at that is her official twitter! Thanks!
dantes inferno the game that was based on what I'm reading. I thought it was sick
EXACTLY! Best Way! RT : I wish you rappers understand you don't need a record deal to get money independent is the way of hustle
Methinks #TurboFire in the morning. Especially with all this rain going on right now.
Soul Man...I love it!
Little Friday Joke.. What do you call a computer that sings? - Adele (Yeah buddy.. you laughin!? ~)
looking forward to dinner this evening with at !!
Advice for making case to museum director that improving/enhancing collection data is essential priority? Could use a great hook.
The FLA Conference is just around the corner (April 18-20). What are you looking forward to most?
Straight A's again, and 200/200 on my final. Why is school easier when you're old??
Hey! My ipad twitter crashed, so you got a double-thanks...which you deserve! :)
Gorgeous!!! Simply gorgeous!
Where are you from?
i'm open to other excuses to meet up w/ folks for a drink on wednesdays (at least once a month). We've got 3 members already
Need help getting your passport quick? Let us know if we can help www.passportsandvisas.com
RT : Virginia Tech AD Jim Weaver says he has not been contacted by SMU for permission to speak w/ Seth Greenberg.
Like our bracket!
If justin isn't following u just ask me ill dm him and ask him to follow u
#ff and thanks, Marc!
I'm just all around in awe
Nope-threw a plastic ball into tree and they scattered - they came back and I walked out again & they got quiet
According to Maalox, 4 of 5 people suffer from diarrhea. Does that mean 1 person enjoys it?
Listening to hunter hayes and driving through the hamptons
I don't realty understand how you forgot to tweet me when you made a note about it.. :/
I pushed 1000+lbs with my legs 2day, that's a little more than I did in High School...
Reading about ancient grog. Decided to try. Mixed Negra Modelo and merlot. Perhaps an acquired taste. Must find Midas Touch!
Tattoos are permanent and they should represent who you really are. Thats why my next tattoo is going to just say "Cereal for Dinner."
Wait, the Vita is launching soon? Damn, there really hasn't been any publicity for this thing. I thought it was out in April!
Went to my little brother's school Christmas concert. Very cute, but some children are just tone deaf...
(c) she is his girlfriend shouldnt we be happy? he has waited for a girlfriend for the longest time! he is 18 going on 19! he is aloud (c)
Stage 1 - awareness. Stage 2 - fundraising. Take a picture of your lunch - "people love to take pictures of their food, don't ask me why"
best decision you've ever made.
Thanks for reading!!
TGIF! Beautiful here in Chicago and I'm loving it!
300+ Social Networks registered....300+ Business Listings registered = Optimized Business Branding....this is Hyper-Gate !!!!!!
RT Airbird EP is DONE. Time for mastering. Release details coming soon!
I guess I have to get out of bed now...
The domain name "notmadein.asia" is available, but I think it's a little too jingoistic to use. What does everyone think?
lov "good girl" it was ded to me said when he heard it said it made him think of me. But he didnt get my goods lol
Girls can't be ugly AND annoying
Certain songs remind me of him! =)
Im home, i went out hunted for food, had a few drinks. Now what bleh
You've been running trew my mind all day
is so happy and grateful for spring!
If you think dogs can't count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then giving Fido only two of them. ~Phil Pastoret
Nah, but maybe I can blame work.
Wish I was goin to tvice tonight
I will definitely share the free samples with you. :)
TREE INFO-Most problematic tree? The Leyland cypress. Not a bad tree. Just planted in the wrong places
if you don't understand nicki manaj then I don't feel so old. Thanks for that
GREAT planning 2012 session w/ ! Thx to amazing coaching, we knew what to do! Thn a free seminar
. is defending, woo woo!
Sounds like a good plan!
I may have a smile on my face but that don't mean I'm in a happy mood. I'm just very good at covering it up
Richard Garriott was first person to go to ISS with laser eye surgery, was prohibited before. NASA studied him.
Would you ever speak about your experience at CC & if/how that may have helped you succeed?
yes. o.o haha. well, how about I just give you mine ? XD
Booked the role that I auditioned for yesterday! Yippee! Filming begins at the end of May. Happy to work with the Cinestories team again!
Biking with the swim teaaamm (:
I wish black girls were louder, when it comes up to gossip
I am also having a difficult time wrapping my brain around MJ's death. It all seems so unbelievable. Like a dream. God Bless!
Price can go below STH price.Over span of season STH save significant money, need to learn every game has diff value(cont)
And.......Arthur said, sorry, sweety, my career, y'know. Back to N.Y. I go.
#FollowFriday Tweet and RT these wonderful people!
can we please? And can we also have a car wash or something to get you a new iPod?
I <3 when trains are above ground crossing the river
If you want me, come find me. Make up your mind.
That comment did not escape me, and I appreciate it.
Top Brands of wholesale Nail Gloss At the Right Prices
Thanks for the shout out Kimvy! We put your party certificate in the mail with more details, enjoy :)
Babe I know your going too see this I just want too let you know I LOVE YOU<3 an I want the whole world to know :)
Great volunteer response so far. Thanks, Charlottesville!
I disagree. If Russell Wilson stinks it up in camp & in preseason games, the fans won't be calling for him.
no lol you probably did good:)
I swear everywhere I've gone today people have been staring. is there something on my face?!
Have FB thread open now too. Had to put kiddies to bed.
Aw, Nutshell Library--happy memories! Just can't imagine my childhood without Sendak's artwork.
What's your expansion strategy? New markets, new ponds, new people. It will not happen automatically. Get intentional about new markets.
I know dude! Hahaha so what's up?
At time when u have to fake a fone call #onlyMe?
"The more I think, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." ~Vincent van Gogh
New life goal: get a tattoo done by London Reese.
LOL, that's a good one.
boarding a tiny plane at ATL Airport.
Every year, the Empire State Building is lit with blue lights to honor #FrankSinatra's nickname, Ol' Blue Eyes.
Sitting next to a worried Jayhawks fan ( ) at a Chili's in Barstow, CA. He might overdose on flavored lemonade.
WHEN AND WHERE! And who!
Disecting pig hearts in bio. You know, no big deal..
#np ... Rihanna and Jay-Z - Umbrella .
that's what he said :)
You could now save 10% at when you present your #Go Local card anytime you go in! Smoothies, coffee, pizza, among others!
#HappyMothersDay to all the beautiful moms out there!!!
it doesn't matter how fast and are u fell for me. what really matters is how long you're going to stick around for me.
... link is broke. "Page Not Found"
Really looking forward to watching “celebrities” reveal how boring they really are on Twitter
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP&
Haven't been to gym since Fri. my face has cleared up. Either I'm allergic to exercise or the soap in the shower. I'll go with exercise!
You'll call this fate, I call it karma. I look back with honor and no regrets.
RT : Congrats for winning MLS tifo of the week!
hahahahaha I SAID THE SAME THING. hey, I love elle and blair though
lmfao , yes dude . Omg , he's Trash !
Gotta love the class that copys off each other during a test because the teacher never gives a shit.
haha, thats possibly one of the best #curbyourenthusiasm tags
What do you think about the Occupy Movement?
Time for Corey Schneider?
you know!!!
Bout to set the city on fire tomorrow night !!! This will be a EVENT!!!!!
Finished the 12th Module (Advanced Email Marketing) of the DMA Certification Program. 5 More to Go!
it was a fun night.
About damn time we found each other, :-P
Thanks for the mention!
Thank you #HUB for bottling Galactic Imperial Red. You just improved my vacation by 9.5%.
hey love! I'm doing well. Enjoying this free day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> How are you babe?
RT : RT : Tomorrow = PoeminYourPocketDay! What poem will you be carrying?...
if i had ir numba ill txt u 24/7.!. Aha jkay;p
My 'quick edits' took 2.5 hours but it's done! Thanks again~
I just narrowly avoided a major accident. Pretty sure I had an angel in my car.
what are some popular websites to know what is going on - popular - in DC on weekends?
Registration for #litaforum is on the 4th floor. There are also some dinners tonight after the Sponsor Showcase reception. Sign up!
Brandon...o
Hundreds?! Eek!
Lol, I love 's tweets. They crack me up.
RT : Four mobile products for libraries: Fanggle, Boopsie, BookMyne and Mosio's Text a Librarian. Anyone use these?...
Had a great morning of training this morning! Staying motivated and consistent is so important! How do you stay motivated to workout?
just send a direct message and say why u should win the autograph
I danced on a pole once...wait what? #malestripper lol
ha awww Mycah gettin prepared fa wen u start a Lila family I see u
RT : "For profit, non-profit, I just want more tools to help kids learn."
Game 2 of the first round series between the Bakersfield Jam & the Dakota Wizards is tomorrow, tips-off at 1pm PT!
what did or didn't you do?? LMAO
In Luke, Jesus says that those who have sinned more appreciate him more and love him more; implying that he loves them more also. So, "sin"!
I need to do that this summer. Shots and infrared burgers!
is a hipster!
social networking makes my life happy. Lol im gonna Skype you all the time now
i know that what i think! he just doesn't act exactly like a striaght guy would..maybe bi curious
#Vikings deal looking good.. but did you see the #Rams proposal? Retractable roof? Poker, or do they really expect that?
A person who irritates you is always the one who loves you very much but fails to express it.
Wish I could tell everyone on my commute that today is your day, you everyday heroes, lift up your heads and be proud
well get back on it for a hot sec and request me so I can send you my party invite!
Standing O round two
Things you learn from obits. "The success of the Monkees provided the capital to finance “Easy Rider". RIP Bert Schneider. p.B7
Dear SM, I want a ROCK Super Junior subunit. They can sing in Japanese if you'd really like but...yes. ROCK. Love, ELF
How would you rate that #halftimeshow?
I know of nobody who is purely autistic, or purely neurotypical. Even God has some autistic moments, which is why the planets spin
A man's errors are his portals of discovery. - James Joyce
Every time I see you, I stop breathing. :P
It's "Rebel" dear... Rebel *
Walmart reduce packaging 5% by 2013=2,000 trucks off the road.
nice profile pic!
Working the media premiere of the new IMAX film #BorntoBeWild tonight! Should be a great night!
burp fart bleepity bleep... fart
“: Singing at tonight around 930-10! Come out if ur in the area!” say what??
I've been dying to read #ThisIsWhereILeaveYou it's supposed to be hysterical
Alana! Thanks for the follow. Beautiful work in your portfolio!
I listen to Genesis nearly every day ...seriously cant stop
After being out w/8 college roommates last night, I had my girls tee-ball game at 9am in 45 degrees...ugh. CANCELED! There is a G-d...
I guess its bittersweet the Only Cleve Football team which can beat a Pgh team is Arena Football,they are celebrating in Cleveland
I wish
will you post a video?
My squad Vampire Nuzzle wants to concede this fantasy football matchup like a losing candidate in a election.
Hamstring stick jacked up
Wishing everyone a blessed and Happy Easter.
Amen! RT : "In our willingness to give that which we seek, we keep the abundance of the universe circulating in our...
-Thx for following! We are happy to join the ride.
Hi, I'm interested in collaborating on an upcoming map project using Pinwheel. Please contact me. Thanks!
Just hard to hear a man who has been divorced 4 times talk about "war on Traditional Marriage". lol
Hubby thought I was nuts today too b/c I couldn't find the Benadryl and refused to leave home (it was in diaper bag all along!)
next time you need a recording studio in chicago last minute, let us know!
I can't get on
One more week until the final trailer premiere
few beers in already. I'm inna mood! *wink* Had a very gd week.
Rihanna looks stunning in the Where Have You Been music video
sir who is sleeping next to my elbow--you must wake up and COMPOSE YASELF.
Drinking a brewski with my daddy
"Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and bestfriends at the same time."
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
shes not talking shes typing :D
song name silly
No freaking way. The Wiener's Circle is now a TV show! Television has reached new heights and I'm here to witness it!
“: You can't make the same mistake twice, the second time, it's not a mistake, it's a choice.”
Dance from your soul!
Cold Steel Tested coming up in a live interview on The Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! rochesterbuzz.com.
I wished for your wish to come true(;
I'm fascinated yet frightened by your blog... is that the response you were going for? :) I love it
Blessed to see this day up bout to start my day and enjoy it
Uh oh, hope not! : Is this unfollow worthy? RT
I always read your bio in your voice haha. You Remind me of Jonah from summer heights high :)
please follow! :)
This is just too good. omgg
oh london
"NATO is the North Atlantic Treaty Organization." "aw, you ain't say that, I thought you was talkin about this guy I kno, Nato Jacobs."
She's thinking, "wish I could eat here..."
Love doesn't pick who it loves.
Hope to meet you if you stop in at Humane Milwaukee...my husband's guitar trio will be providing the music!
hey maybe you could try living up to the Apollonian frame so obviously granted you by the gods and stop pussing out
Tell the truth Tracee.
Was it The Originals? Fun show! RT : first time i heard about u guys was on cooking channel.
oh I will going to be a kick ass show. Outdoor venue and it only seats 2000
My bus is more ghetto than the projects.
Nf follow back
niggass be comingg a dime a dozen
Great episode of Unsung with Big Daddy Kane.
i love ending the day dirty.
I do miss the warm cuddle..#singlelife.. I better get a snuggie..lol
Please continue to follow and support the girls from as they continue 2 raise awareness around the world about trafficking.
Who still up?
It's finally here! We're heading to for some happy hour and a little #NFL Draft party.
New music posted check it!!
Get it: A phrase usually "congratulating" someone else for something they've achieved (usually in the sexual realm but for most anything).
I honestly can't remember the last time you we're NOT on my mind.
People better not be hating on Raven Symone for coming out. You nastees need to crawl back to the stone age and rot.
oh both.
And I love food (oh and meeting people too)
Great weather!!!
hell yea 100
Hi Nikki, this is God. Chlöe said I can borrow her twitter account. I'll be in touch about this tour.
Chillen at home watching Snow White& the Seven Dwarfs <3
She even does a hair segment! The one where her gay friend dates the cross dresser and they steal her camera is hilarious!
just followed 80 New People
Happy hump day, ninjas! Hoping to see some ninjas coming down from the after Easter sugar high today!
Snow advisory begins at 5. You have until then to stock up on chow, liquor and pick up a decent movie. Til then - enjoy the sun Cleveland!
Hey SamsBeauty Fans!! Be sure to check out our jewelry. We have added new items.
BAM and now you captured my essence.
Super jelly of all the folks at #YouToo2012 - I learned a lot last year, so looking forward to getting the DL from
Very cool! Brings back memories of my time as a Porsche tech
Call me old school, but shouldn't the national championship be on cable tv. F****** ESPN.
Self knowledge goes a long way. Get to know yourself, and take good care! Biploars may need exercise; autistics space to explore.
Running before the sun comes up, motivation: Zombies are chasing me...the running kind.
WOW - what does the sugar below have to do with all the extra "dough" on the outside. That would have made me angry
So many opportunities. We should probably look at all of them, just to be sure.
Back in Texas and back in the studio. Nice to be home.
Finally got my stereo speakers hooked up to Apple TV. Also got Bose speakers w/ Airport for front living room. Major tunage this weekend.
Why am I even watching Nationals? We didn't even win. Idk why I thought this would make me feel better.
Stora Enso Interim Review January-March 2012
Enjoy today! A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
whats your digits bro?
I've had back to back interviews booked solid today until 4... anyone who want to bring me a drink is welcome. cough cough
what up bro
If not dizzy, then surely cold?
ROTATION FAIL WIN
look forward to it!
thank you
Author a series of children's pop-up books.
Even tho I use to be scared of that music video when I was a jit.
Judges, Nick is Miami's talent! :) #TheXFactor lol
Always work toward an agreement that benefits both sides, realizing the 1st person to make an offer usually loses the advantage.
Nokia’s New Series 40 Browser 2.0 Features Cloud-Based Compression For 90% Less Mobile Data Usage
Ready for the game...Let's do this Giants so we can keep it in the Bay next week!
When blotting, work from the outer edge in toward the center of the spot to avoid spreading the spill and enlarging the problem.
Curlying my friends hair
RT : Last day to follow Hollywood bad boy in his #MMDM pledge. New follow = $1 for Hockey Fights Cancer RT!
Social reader apps are the worst.
Hey folks, you know what feels good on your heartburn? I don't know either but it's not scotch...
Lol. It's so nice out today!!!
A big dose of it, YES! (Hey don't forget my address question!)
especially if you find another job.
Around this time last year is when I first felt Riley move in my belly.... :)
me and this gurl
dress up for FaceTime ???
I'm also working on a HIMYM Megamix...
Hello world
awe thanks! i cant wait to see your dress! youre gona look super pretty too :D
We will also try to put up an online store as soon as possible.
Nowadays "Cool" means "I really don't care". "Sick" means "Awesome". & "I love you" doesn't mean a thing
no hot water in Lietchy = shower party in Riffe
When you remove me from the friends I was also deleted!
Beautiful piece, Sarah. Thank you for sharing these moving and personal glimpses into your relationships.
Tough to choke when you don't try. Same old Caps.
Members, do we follow you on Twitter? If not, post your Twitter name here or tweet and ask us to follow you.
weird. Well come tonight and get a copy in the flesh.
Calling it 8 hours ago. Wow. RT : I'll have another is gonna win the Kentucky derby y'all! Callin it out now <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
just finished season 1 :)
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Easy to learn to play. Fun. Addictive" by Laurie
Just catching up on your great news, Allie. Congrats and best wishes on your future success.
Hate when the news makes accidents worse than what they are. Yes accidents are horrible, but no need to make it worse with the wrong words!
I dont care if you say it's okay because now I feel really bad it's another bad night just like last night everything (c)
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow - banks don't email you directly, be careful, loads of phishing scams out there, keep your details safe!!!!
Our games are American made
why is pizza round?
Listening to L-3 LSG President at Nat Harbor. Presenting on mobile later today.
Teh google says it's lupus - but House M.D. Says "it's never lupus" - what to do?
Now tell us, Eli... What does that banana represent?
Perversely enjoying taking notes by hand at #dhsi2011. Hope I don't get kicked out.
Thanks, who is this?
Tuesday's here, look at it! Have a Rocking short week!
Packing my stuff. Headed back to Mississippi for a few days i havent been home in about 4 months miss my momss
Just hooked up this breakfast
ha yeah, I definitely do..
I know this is probably going to make me sound not cool but Billy Crystal did a good job and made me laugh tonight.
What's with all the *pokes*? Feeling pokey?
I hate the way u talk to me, I love you in them jeans..
What do you want more of at your sports fan's gift shop, Pro Image?
Pe Lang workshop. just getting reminded of how much I suck at manual work
Get It Gone Estate Sales. Colorado estate sales and probate sales.
Can anyone recommend a good literary thriller/mystery written in the past 50 years?
dream big
is* he's not "dead" yet lol wait so where did tyler's "soul" go?
Property tax statement arrived. Once agin home is worth less and taxes are up. Ugh.
*gasp* MORE chanterelles
I dunno, sometimes he does that. He's gotta cut that out.
Lil B is soulja boy's role model .
Yes, this is the first time they are presenting to US travel market
not everyone can pull it off right Will?
The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves. ~Garth Henrichs
how fun!
ahh...i hear ya...there is a lot of mess but you know there is a lot of interesting and helpful connections being made as well
Just left the movies "think like a man was hilarious"
stop bein so cute in your profile pic...geeshhh ;-) had fun on our date yesterday!!! Tqm!!!
yes please
Sunday is a great day to relax and reconnect with the spiritual in our lives. Take a break and count your blessings. Do something kind.
what did you end up buying? and the #MomsFF want to know!
#Scarface may be the best gangster movie ever
Some crazy fellar says the world will end tomorrow at 2pm, what 1 country song will you take with you?
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - going for a world record. Please RT.
In it to win it?
n my ex ain't even messaging me ..him missing in my life is kinda messing with me......
can you please give me a shout out please?!?(:
Still a #proudwife ;-)
Melquan's back in my life. finally. this has done some good.
SOMETHIN BOUT A TRUCK IN A FARMERS FEILD
I am decidedly fist pumping averse.
I tried to use easy english, hope it translates easily!
My wife Lauren has been my wife and Valentine for 43 years. I am so blessed.
naw u just wont b gettin it,lol goodnight
New News View tonight at 9:00 P.M. and Midnight, on UPTV 6/99.
True Compliments has gone totally green! Now we donate 50 cents to Ecotrust for every letter ordered!
#sacscoc Many students have difficulty retaining what they read. (Does your mind wander when you read?)
It might be because of a certian time... I wish I was there x
Finally watching the last Harry Potter:)
a very glitch-oriented talk so far
nothing feels worse than being unwanted.
Latest from the JHUPress blog: #ResearchWorksAct & #ElsevierBoycott, , , cheap books saving #libraries & more!
I miss you on Smackdown!!!!! X'(
#Needs A prom date, Step up my school game, and find a job.
no dance for me :)
Alone with my dreams and thoughts but don't have thoughtful dreams;
Agree--social starts on the inside. : I think it may be our job to train RT
so when is season 3?
Thank you for the vegetarian friendly lunch today
Aaron Copland composed the score for the film "Our Town" which opened on today's date in 1940. What is your favorite film score?
Don't confuse hate with jealousy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Yes, let's go! But not tonight, Sherlock is on :-)
“: OMG! The Google homepage today is ADORABLE!” aw that is cute!
FIFA frets over pace of Brazil World Cup building work
I always have liked and appreciated Bill Self. Tremendous college coach
therez six kittehz an two of us dogz. Two kittehz are very new
I don't know if #Arsenal are really bad or #Liverpool really good
Dressing room space can be a big issue; audience restroom access, etc.
Thank you for the better link! I used Daily Sun's share button, didn't realize link didn't go directly to article.
An idea is salvation by imagination. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Great! RT : Just Launched — Native Foreigner Magazine
Whoa! Just spent 1.5 hrs chatting w/2 of my copy catalogers re RDA, FRBR, future of cataloging, info modeling, etc. Time to go home!
No one can buy the way I'm feeling now! Even the richest man on the planet! Lol.
Looks like rain.....
when you call me baby that's when I stop texting you.
Thanks so much Nate! Hope your having an awesome experience at the University!
reminds me of something that would be on Dangerous by the late great #mj lol
Cabby, Delmon...who are the other two?
have you ever done any doodlings of Rasheed (Trailblazers era)?
Good morning! Tomorrow is Friday! As a #smallbusiness owner, do you have a roll model? If so who and why!
Sorry folks if you received any spam from us. Has been corrected.
Kicking off May Birthday Season today! Happy #MayDay, or Lei Day as it's known in Hawaii. Get your Hula on!
: RT :sure here you can see some older works-- what lens do you use for yo music videos And what camera want yo learn more...
On a busman's holiday today. Fun to be surrounded by school groups reading labels.
force run, force diet and force sleep !!!
Spideys on a mission... TO PARTY!
first date evesdropping continues. discussion topic: Georgia pollen and its horrors. (They are not wrong)
shes no gold digger she just got what she wants growing up for being a good girl. my kind of lady...
Yankees are done !! :)
good to know! :D
No! I fly back to DC from Oakland in two hours! Oye , haz algo de con en DC!
checked in at for flight to Atlanta and Ft. Lauderdale.
You dont know? I'm a man united fan..every game they don't play against messi
Not feeling it.! ): ugh bad mood.!
Ok, I can't see ppl tweets!
Thanks for the follow. Pleasure to meet you Craig.
I'm about to make Biggie for my day of the dead project.
It's always nice to be able to relax on a Friday Jess! Thank you I'll enjoy it & will be back later on if you want to chat more.
Stage left...GN
Love #ChrisMann on #The Voice!!!!! love it!!
There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together
Hi ! So glad you arrived!!!
it's all cody angel..:))
No sun? No worries. When it rains on Maui, there's still fun to be had. Join us for happy hour & stay dry.
nf please follow back
A review of some home-care products - RDH
Old School on TNT right now I'll take that
Ducks with too many unforced turnovers
I'll update the website...Pina Cay-lada. You crack me up!
Adjunct teaching helps faculty think of you as "one of them". #cildc (helpful to have a second masters)
Wearing the shirt i bought you for christmas? oh,
Really? Oh okay, the season finale right?
I'm making myself go to bed by 11. :D
Perhaps self-promotion is part of the indie blogger package?
i was right: sheryl crow DID sing back-up for michael jackson. don't know why or where i first read that, but it stuck with me.
This twitter drama right now lmao
2 votes for albatross, but only one from a fan RT : Golf fans: do we prefer double-eagle or albatross? Albatross seems way cooler.
Contests that cater to children are terrible. They are too stupid to live. Stop talking to your stupid friends when you're on the radio!
Bout to head to the hospital my baby momma Karla in labor yay Kobi is coming can't wait to hold him!
Customer service lesson for : just told 1.8 million people you suck because 1 CSR did their job poorly. THE CUSTOMER IS RIGHT.
In music the passions enjoy themselves. Friedrich Nietzsche
My glasses are so beat up. I should get a new pair
140 characters enforces some semblance of hyperbole, of course.
RSVP NOW! Meet our instructors Sat. Sept 17th! Yoga, Studio Cross Fit, Zumba, Belly Dancing, Pilates etc. www.superimpactfitness.com
Wait, now it says I wasn't. Regardless, now I am!
New Years Eve will never be the same w/o Dick Clark - thanks for the yrs of entertainment & all the musical careers you helped launch!
welcome! Thanks for choosing to play for good luck in the
Lmfao! #oomf tweets funny at night!!
i was there a week ago,yeah but not kansas cold. but yeah cali was cold as fu$ck at night.how will it be for new years?
Dudes i listened to the Cloud Nothings today as well...im lovin' it!!
Finally home! Been a long day, but I'm So glad I got to hang out with two of my faves and :)
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO FOLLOWS ME!! I'M ON FOLLOW LIMIT! :( I'LL FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK WHEN I CAN!!<333333
ikr? I found it hilarious, yet fair, when Joon had to spank him for being mean. Lol
Maharashtra drought: Governor&#39;s help sought
Seriously, NBC should have spared us the misery of that episode of The Office. Not even Michael Scott would have held a mtg about impotence.
New drink: Guinness and Red Stripe. First draft name: "Black Stripe". Other suggestions?
On 545. Such a joyful driver. :-)
In the end they'll judge me anyway, so whatever.
We're working hard on this issue, just for you guys! :)
How old is she? (I was 4, though I saw it in the theater and mostly remember being cold :) )
Yoga or pilates?
Worth it! CC: RT tweets! has anyone had Tokyo* by Brewdog? It's on at and I want to see if it's worth it
you can have Zoe for a minute, we on a break, im with Elle Verner now lol
Just doubled up a short stack for a 50k pot w my flopped set vs his runner runner flush. 60k now.
11:11. Giggling with my Mom... Telling her about Twitter. Oh, the tweetables. lol.
ooc; The water is too hot its too hot in the damn pool
It's amazing how the thought of happy hour makes my life not seem as horrible! Drinkie Drinkie
Another thing to add to the list of jobs included under my title: exterminator. Awesome.
Good call! RT “: I'm wearing blue and gold on TV as long as the Pacers remain in the playoffs. #BeatTheHeat #GoPacers!
Just got word that 8 #Valpak Envelopes in the #Indianapolis market have Instant Win Checks for $100 in them. Let us know if you win!
You're the man!! Have an awesome Christmas !! Can't wait to see you play in 2012! #bubbaclaus!
Go fuck yourself.
Catching up with my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
thank you!
thanks for the post today , praying for your family!
you're adorable.
sounds like a perfect day if you ask us!
And when did a license plate sticker become $100??? And a city sticker another $100, and insurance in Chicago become... I give up!
good to know. I intervene on adults and maybe it is an age difference thing.
ah... I'm almost there
just found out I'll be going second weekend! Really excited to check it out for the first time! Does it live up to the hype?
Sadly I gotta wrk all weekend smh
I have an exam in about an hour, have EVERYTHING that will be asked but yet I'm too lazy to revise. I hate my laziness.
Are you looking to start in the fall? Been in Chicago for a couple years now. Do you visit often?
sign a Blue Chip recruit.
#20ThingsAboutMe If you don't talk to me I won't talk to you
Dirt Cheap Auto Rental?
Facebook & Twitter friends, don't forget to check our coupon tab for your $10 off. Come see us!
Okay this japanese boy band has crazy hair u think the bieb's has the hair...this one guy has hair like beyonce I'm confused...
My Space Only Has 11,787,435 Users, But Twitter Has Over 175 Million Monthly Users!
300 Followers by the end of the night?
? what's the average cost of a bathroom remodel in Manhattan?
HEY THE SAINT LOUIS RAMS ARE GETTING. MIKE WALLACE
Another fantastic special performance by du Soleil. Share your moments with
I think that was the "light the lamp" celebration?
Enjoying my secular Sunday morning and persuing the news about the tornadoes... wishing that wishing actually helps.
Ugh allergies suk... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Omg ugh
I've got to ask about this. RT: ": ***ROCKY MOUNT IS FLOODING FROM RUNOFF AND HAIL*** #VAWX”
yea more like beating lol
awesome! I will definitely be there when you do!!
I love that The Help's Jessica Chastain brought her Grandmother. Her dress felt tres Dolce & Gabanna RTW Fall 2012 Baroque...
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage this hash tag
Are you currently working on an organization project? Retweet and let us know what you've been up to!
There is nothing better than playing high school sports.
K I'm going to bed goodnight <U+E10C>
Join & at John Harvard's, 6:30PM to brainstorm
You've got to take the initiative and play your game...confidence makes the difference. -Chris Evert.
Very nice! They must have a great social media team.
Hi Andrea -
I guess you two need to play and see who dunks on who.
A Priori => Reasoning from causes to effects
You danced so well with Michaela DePrince on #DWTS! Beautiful!
All of my recent cd mixes for my car contain the band Bayside. They are incredible and everyone should listen to them
And to think we would have a double-digit lead if iguodala could hit a damn foul shot
what's up booboo!! will this finally make it easier for us to communicate? lol you were always on twitter
Haha OMG!!!!!! #LATEMUCH Thanks for responding tho.........several MONTHS later.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that you know is not going to make it out o high school without getting pregnant
omg Taylor you did not just send that.
Agreed, it really was incredible. I'll see if I can find a video stream for the landing also.
look at the bright side: Now your workspace has a citrus scent!
what kind of dog is that? Cool lookin dog!
I am, interesting episode! RT #TrueLife: I'm A Sex Offender starts right now. Who's watching?
Guys who act them selves > guys who have to act like a tool.
Hey Judythe, hot yet in Texas? thx for follow
we missed u to!
anyone wanna text?
Gene Hackman is definitely one of the top 5 actors in the history of cinema. Good thing he's still alive.
oh. Well, nice chatting with you connor.
Good morning to you! :)
Americanselect password protection so simple could be broken in seconds. Anyone with list of voter id's easily rig entire election.
Ah, so embarrassing! But I love it, it's true.
Champ's decision to stay is looking pretty good now. Vegas has Broncos SB odds 10 to 1 down from 70 to 1, only 4 teams better
Other Great Southern #California #RealEstate : Check out & Follow
hopefully you get to meet him he was nice
Coavh do you know when "Colussuem" tix go on sale? I want to make sure not to miss it! :-)
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear.
As a woman age 48 I see how the Obama campaign can make Romney look scary. Push the Stepford angle. He has that look. Plastic.
but you can't hahaha
Mondays -___- . Tuesdays o; , Wednesday /: Thrusday :] Friday :D Saturday ;D Sunday :(
why don't you come out of that house every once and awhile so I could see you.
Greinke is SCATTERING hits. #astros v
Actors, come get a great deal on headshots! Families, get a great deal on portraits, while supporting !
Just LIKE RoomBug on Facebook for a chance to win $25 GC for Chili's and a $25 GC for Fandango Http://on.fb.me/fCuKg8 Pls share w/friends!
I have found 5 dimes in random places in the last 2 weeks. Gotta mean something??
Not since the dot com scene in the late 1990’s will there be an almost hysterical chase to grab the best names for pages on the Internet ...
Tired of looking at webpages and not getting anywhere? Then visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we are your one stop toy shop!
What a terrible horrible brilliant way to end a book Suzanne Collins. I will be buying the 2nd book & seeing the movie Friday.
Totes! ": don't you think airlines should be required to play that song when you land in #miami?"
Gotta Love San Francisco, #SFGiants tickertape parade, Aubrey Huff with thong and beer, then Half Moon Bay for snapper and beer.
Friday fun fact for everyone: Stress can result in more headaches as a result of the body rerouting blood flow to other parts of the body.
Ok the homers can stop any time now...
is sharing a table with Ina Kiely.
tongue punching has been kept to a minimum with the dormant employment status I'm in. It costs to be tongue punching anything.
11:11 omg i just love your song follow back? ;)
I am all moved in and back to work.
I feel like I'm dying. I've been puking for the past 3 hours non stop..
Get me a couch to sleep on, cause I'll be staying up fucking LATE.
That was a great acceptance speech by Lebron as well. Touching, emotional, and honest how can anyone hate this guy?
ahh...the good ol' days!
Debating whether I should go to the gym tonight or stay in and work on some passive income stuff.
RT RIP chuck brown, godfather of gogo. You will be missed.
"Something sexy" translates to something that covers the archipelagos of bruises on the limbs of the accident-prone & easily bruised (me).
That sounds awesome. I think you're right. I can't do any more today. 2 pages not done, couple mostly done w/under construction.
Dear 6 AM Monday meeting... its not you, its me... Coffee and 8 AM are really more my style. Nothing personal, just a compatibility thing.
I am so fucking irritated right now. I need to just go home and take a nap.
Doesn't matter what they perform - it can sweep you away into a dream-like world, almost an out-of-body experience. Enjoy!
As annoying as they may be, anonymous has one of the coolest slogans ever written. Where do I sign up?
RIP Melody. You will never be forgotten
of course for charity.
When people have information they can find solutions. But it's how we use that information and the resulting solution that will define us.
Hey what is your tumblr name... I wanna hook up witt one of ya gurl! I liked those nude pics!
Thank you for the RT! Can't wait to see you at #WIF12 - it's gonna ROCK! :-)
#OneThingIDontLike one direction.
Hi Pastor Al God bless you. When do you personally give service and at what time at VOSD? Looking for a church... TY God bless.
my sis who was in the hospital died.2 months ago.not tryin to force my loss on you.but mind if u RT,dis in honor of her?
I am happy, how bout you?
Thanks for the shoutout Friday! Lol Btw I'm not a girl! Just so ya know...haha
GREEK WEEK BBQ TODAY! Come to Hillel from 2-4pm for fun in the sun and yummy food!
going to watch
tighten up world peace
I wonder how much a zebra would cost if you scan it...
ill text you tomorrow my man!
YES. RT : Papyrus is a classy comic sans.
Just Half.
such a nice "guy"… duhrr
'cooler than a polar bear's toe nails...' classic Andre 3000
Hair Dye, Hair Cut, Highlights... Loving the new changes this week. ;]
LOL MT let me recap You went to Harvard, make your own pizza from scratch, you're a wonderful poet& SPEAK FRENCH?
Still Shaking I Cant Believe Followed me!
thanks for sharing your boyfriend with us :) double date with nialler and I?! #muchlove .x
Forgot to take an Emergen-C today, and HOLY difference in energy. Love that stuff, really gets my day going.
Learn what you can do with a Literature degree at Literature Career Night tomorrow (3/21) from 6-8pm in Battelle-Tompkins Atrium
C'mon Nuggets BEAT L.A.
Marilyn ... this time it is imperfection and fallibility
RT : The worst thing is loving someone when you know you shouldn’t anymore.
Don't allow reservations, limitations and the doubts of others to cripple your potential. ~
I know exactly! it was kinda funny at first, now it's just annoying. check it out for yourself:
#awesomeness Thank you so much for following. Cheers!
rapping #Othello on My only objection is that Shakespeare already IS kind of hip-hop.
no hate here. Doesn't agree with me. :) But was sad I ruined a moment for u.
The so-called "best" teaching tools are inadequate. What is needed is the passionate plea from the teacher via the subject matter.
u must be watching the oscars.
Happy dancing with friends!
With Mary Jane :)<333
I'm selling tomorrow
I feel wiz khalifa right now
Chocolate Strawberries with White and Dark Chocolate These two-tone chocolate strawberries look fancy, but they are actually quite simple
come fin me when you get here.
Not worried cause I know I am going to be A1 y a mf so concern about me and mine
i want a hood ass , trill ass , weed smoking ass girlfriend that can do hair , cook , & whoop any bitch's ass for me .
kobe was on better teams!
Please follow , only 5 away from 100 followers in first 2 days! is a new charity to help disabled pay for med equip
Single Mom means, since I got Pregnant I aint been able to keep a Man in my Kids life! :)
Careful MB! Sideburns and sweater vests are pushing the Ron Burgundy envelope.
Watching My Week with Marilyn
Getting my makeup done for a photo shoot in old Buford
Intellectual property laws stand in the way of goals of scientific research, says Jerome Reichman
Is your brother hot like you?
I'm sorry, but that U-T story about San Diego not making that Top-100 list makes NO SENSE! NO town bigger than 30,000 people made it.
Or classy. Do people really do that? And then I can't get an agent. :/
It's amazing what a few kind words can do
Holy... RT : Aroldis Chapman's numbers this year: 6 hits allowed in 18 1/3 innings, with 5 walks and 32 K's. And no runs allowed.
Just spoke to a class at Juilliard. Very inspired to know they are itching to find a way to be more relevant. My answer: El Sistema
Free ground shipping today only. Just call (323) 731-2561 and use the promo code 7863
On my way to do breast cancer walk!!
starting to get votes in the rankings!You guys got this!
Love the "woops" today do we have an Aggie in the Sage house?
San Fran, Tehran, Portland
Where's the link? Who's numbers?
I miss the old days where only ipods where the shit, now smart phones are taking..
In some cultures having black teeth is considered attractive. Not in the USA. Not good, not bad. just different
Go head and laugh now laker haters we'll be back (arnold voice)
yes worst to first
im inspired by ur spelling.. don't know if its right but those are some difficult names! :D
looks good
Waywaywaywait... Aren't you in a happy relationship? I mean the dude DOES make your bed.
You can also like us on Facebook so do it click that like button
What does this do to Marcedes Lewis for the year?
my wish is that I can meet you soon<3
feels so good when ur done. Except when summer, winter and spring break time rolls around.
Another astronaut to follow as he prepares for his launch, Mark Polansky.
Moving to LA in July so anyone looking to shoot let me know before I'm gone and it's too late ;)
u know a nigga need dat daily medicine
7 BUCKS FOR A BEER AT A PHILLIES GAME YES FOR ONE NIGHT ONLY.MUST BUY 4 FROM ME TOMORROW NIGHT NUMBER 77.SAVE 3 BUCKS ON 4 .
I'm an improvisor. When I have sex, I tell my hubby, "I just need one word to get me started."
I always liked that one.
yeah it's my brother's friends JD bourke and Duke Vonderahe
Could you please please please follow me, or RT this.. Please.. :)
No school tommorrow!!
#PennAW Gearing up for an awesomely beautiful day of great food, good friends, and amazing programs!
lets buy the mall, kick the stores out, and turn it into a huge roller disco!
all I know is, its going to end with a win
ridin through this world...
2morrow is Mothers Day , so go buy your mother something nice!haha
On NJ Transit & I swear I'm next to the guys that Office Space was made about. These are the dudes that launder money based on superman.
what?!! Say it ain't so!!
Is taking the hypotenuse
July 29 RT : my friend stays in Houston. She loves it. I need to come. When is that sneaker summit?
in other news, i'm stoked on this show on thursday.
Feeling out of touch with your #body? Restore natural #balance and #beauty with perfumes and lotions from
Today I won a bag of Godiva goodies. When they called my name, I heard my coworkers laugh & say "She's #hyper enough!" Hehe
how great was that. lane pryce is a baller.
go on jcs blog tv !
#thingsthedevilinvented niggas who cant get it up
I’ve been a bit too vigilant about cleaning my ears. Luckily the clinic at WalMart cleaned out the wax quickly and inexpensively!
today is deffinatley razor blades
Mwahahaha... I do my evil laugh at certain times!
Umm, a Greenbelt police car just passed me in Baltimore, ???
i jus heard some lame shit.
So tired.
Much love to the Dino BBQ. The Kind will their featured beer for September. The launch details will follow soon.
thanks John
Thanks for sharing a great product!
Brrrrrrrroooooouhhahahahahahahahahah! (Just wanted to say hi!)
Email for registration.
Oh snap, hope you are still at the party when I get there.
Divulging in sin & compromise = Eating food w/ no nutrients. It "quiets" not "satisfies" hunger & it slowly separates us from God's presence
I was waiting for ur call
#Str8LykeDes... I have way more better things todo then let that bother me..
Did I wish everyone a HAPPY NEW YEAR? wtf immo say it again! this is going to be a breakout year so to all of us that struggled in MMXI!
is the stupidest show on television. This just shows anybody can act. The script is horrible. He does not deserve his own show!
as a 3 he could fill a need
Pib extra? No way! Bring on the #drpepper!
#SP500 gaps up 12+ points at the open.
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Thinking about proposing a chess initiative in schools
Season Premiere of #SYTYCD is May 24. SO EXCITED
Whippersnappers should refer to old people not young.
RT A big "Thank you" for the follow! You can also follow me at
We'll be out in front of ! And we'll have prizes, too.
Nothing ... What's up Chief “: was good green eyes”
"I was gonna put my finger in the hole but I thought that would be weird... you know you liked it"
See great art at The Marshall Building (207 E Buffalo St) during the Marshall Arts event March 2, 5-9pm and March 3, 11am-4pm.
You're welcome RT Whoever the one person who listened online to my cspan comments on payroll tax bills is, thanks. goo.gl/ftR2g
#Ravens. Great game by #Suggs. #blackandpurple next time they are going down
I like Pink, actually.
Another GREAT day here at Lonestar Delivery & Process! Who are you using for your courier service needs. We are opened 24/day. Call us!
these next couple years bout to be hard for me ... but IMA MAKE IT :-)
Holy cow! And I'm impressed with myself when I ride 24 miles (mostly flat.) Go Jes!
Truly a great group! MT : Looking at the list of speakers for Going to be a great week - can't wait!
Never speaks to me anymoree.
Construction has begun on the $49M, 84,000 sq ft Victory Medical Center-San Antonio. Construction is expected to be complete in 2013
ODOT cam...Accident clear from the Powell Blvd. exit from I-205 NB...
Just won a lifetime supply of cream cheese at American Bagel Co. in the Charlotte airport. Unfortunately, it was delivered to me on a si ...
eminem was the token white guy
LATIN AMERICA LOVES BRUNO MARS !!!!!!!
Documenting 4pm Member Plays: Play of the Year = Lions -1, Regular Play = Cowboys -1, (1 NCAAF play tonight)
We love you too! And thank YOU for everything that you and the guys do. You inspire us and make us feel beautiful!
Would love you to model for us. contact me anytime.
how are you all ?
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS AND STATE COURT DOCUMENTS AT HTTP://WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
haha love you too...that sucks but when it's done you'll be very proud :)
I’m taking it slow feeding my flame,Shuffling the cards of your game,And just in time In the right place Suddenly I will play my ace......
hehehe...i'm back....so let's see, what's crack-a-lack-ing???? HAHAHA =P
Amazing feelings I hope never go away<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
My friends have been found safe and unharmed. Thanks for everyone who RTed/reblogged my post.
Time to think of plan B
Ooh, looking forward! RT : We interview Esperanza Spalding tomorrow
WHY DO YOU EXIST
MOVIE DATE was AWESOME!!!
Thanks for the mention!
How about you? Political ambitions?
lily looks bigger than dylan in the second pic hahaha
Winding it down over here.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
If You Were On Fire And I Had A Glass Of Water ; I'd Drink It.
Facebook Timeline and What Marketers Need to Know » Social Media Examiner...
My hubby loves the slow cooker - I am only just getting curious about it. thanks for the share.
first I might hit the TRAP KING play pent
In the naptown about to have a fill day
So pumped for #BTTR tomorrow! Come check out 30+ #foodtrucks, live music & awesome people! Every Tuesday at NE 127 st & US1 from 5:30-10pm.
Check out Conversations in Place
Shiiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt, Twitter is awesome.
Thanks Jean! RT : Happy
loved you from the start! I grew up riding too. U carried yourself the best I've seen on any season!
Well maybe you should go the next time you're free
Come in for tomorrow's FUNK BRUNCH and try this wknds special: the Ham & Asparagus Omelet! Cherry Tomatoes, Cheddar & Hollandaise on top!
I hope FUNi didn't use the JP masters for the BD and did their own upscale.
Success is a journey, not a destination. Ben Sweetland
Do you know when Austin is doing a ustream ?
Thanks bud. Sames.
You're welcome! Happy Friday, Shane!
Mowing down mall walkers at West Towne.
really need to find someone with directv!
well you obviously didnt watch the part where she sang tonight and sounds 1000000x better than her album.
Seriously. Just one win out of the St. Louis, Nevada, Marquette, UCLA, and Oregon St. games and UW is in the tourney
....happy Mothers day to awesome fan moms!!!!
Shady Grove Metro station. Dude playing Battle Hymn of the Republic on a wooden flute in the tunnel. interesting choice but sounded great!
i put a lil shug avery juice in mista's lemonade
Wow. Barbara. Hope you didn't just throw money in the toilet.
I miss my brother so much. 50 more days. :') im so proud of him though.
I love you girl!!!! Hope you have the best time EVER in vegas
i plan on going to school, getting a good job, probably finding a good man..maybe have 18 kids..get my own tlc tv show..
We are all in the chronic era
good on ya
“: Standing ovation and trending topic for 's #DisneySMMoms talk!! #RamonWow Felicidades!” he's there too!
dance workshop at blackbird studios
oh cool thanks. Was hoping I hadn't lost my music cred. Guess I'm still hanging on.
:-) thanks, i love yours too.
“: Saying to your friend, "there's your best friend" when you see someone they hate.”
Who's going to Bamboozle in NJ? Cause...we will be there! :)
I love twitter because I don't actually know any of you and you don't know me. Down with intimacy.
Had a very useful meeting re: partnership. Do not despair by noting our sloth. Will phone this week?
Can't wait! #CiderSummit 2011 m m
Performing at London Bistro this Saturday! In Atlanta Live, doors open @ 7, admission $5! Come see your girl hit the stages!!
Rebecca - great to see you on Twitter. We'll have a discussion at our Art. Adv. Mtg tomorrow about tweets during plays.
Haha everyone is looking forward to that! Nothing better than having a break from life! :)
Cool, thanks! RT : thanks for the mention/share! CC:
I don't want to sound Depressed but I kinda am. Don't know about though.. Couldn't be a nicer spring evening.
50 Cent, Justin Bieber, and Triple H and we're the 3 bests rinds that anyone can have <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Starting the long journey of e-portfolio creation/presentation. I'll let y'all know when it's publicly presentable.
Hello there! follow TNC News to stay up to date with the world and get cool free stuff.
likewise! Look forward to your tweets!
These UberFacts are making me look real smart and super easy distracted lol.
life blows. :c
The way to your guests' hearts is through their stomachs - Fall River Herald News
Full house at the best week of the year for visual storytelling. Happy to be in San Marcos again this year!
And yet another day passes in which I don't write a word....
Smh. A million times. Head bouta fall off -.-
Im nataly from glendale ca! :)
oh well thats nice
Getting your fingers caught in the door.
Wayne Cottam is the vice dean of ATSU's new dental program in Missouri.
heh, I wish I could programs like that for my library! I just run this book club on my own time, via the blog.
. looking for discourses: rhetorical practices related by historical trajectory and shared discursive context
Well, of all the bad things that could've possibly happened there, that was the best.
Use keywords and keyword phrases appropriately in text links, image ALT attributes and even your domain name
Happy 2012! May the year to come be filled with happiness and wonderful moments for you to treasure.
Recording with the one and only Alchemist
Rehearsal tonight for Webster Hall show Sunday at 8
Hey, have you heard about how rad I am?
Good morning, fans! Win a McFlurry from McDonald's! Just tell us your weekend plans. Email with your answer.
I'll pass your suggestion along to the Foxies, but it's so small & fast paced there. Not sure where they'd even have room :)
Is tonight the last episode of #Parenthood? Not the last ever, right???
You can 'share' trip details on LinkedIn? Why would you want to do that?
I wonder what would realistically happen if I ever met my celebrity crush?
Today's special: Old Country Hungarian sausage! Delicious!!!
that NIGGA Artest told them fools "I don't shake hands with subs" lol, damn that's hardcore!
but wit a he haha :)
Just Like a Mix of High Voice & A Mix of Deep voice. Somewhere between like Chris Browns voice.
if they want to
when are you coming out w the cool ranch shell or 3D chalupa?
Can't wait til this semester is over and I can party all summer
It will be a Hit!! #Turn To You !
Mokriski response to Fox: Foreign Legal Consultants are well regulated and restricted to practicing their country's law
Still packing, but now dealing with a flooded basement!
what happened? Are you okay?
Put some googly eyes on your microphone and you can start talking to your best friend Mike!
National Adoption Month Brings Attention to Children in Foster Care - The Ledger
The whole Spider-man crew must be waiting in agony… #sarcastictweet RT : Ten hours.
I wish it wasn't human nature to judge.
Where is the time going? Stop going so fast! when I need it to go slowly it zooms by and when I need it to go fast it drags. Wtf!
Spot on! A night I look very forward to ;) x
follow back
All these sensations , got me going crazy for you !
welcome to , !
WVU had a hell of a win last night at the Orange Bowl! Rock on Mounties!
Some lady called the library yesterday & then proceeded to chomp food the entire time I was on the phone w/her! Augh! Hate!
they aren't
I AM GOING TO BE TALKIN WITH MY TURNTABLES TODAY: CAISE I AM KICKING IT ON THE RADIO WITH DJ INTAKE: QUEENS FINEST
Man... I really really need a job... ):
Text the words "EPICCHURCH" to 41411 to sign up 4 Epic Church alerts and announcements - get connected, stay connected!
bowling alleys rock, good location!!
And I hella researching everyone that trains at the gym bunch of pros and all look humble, but all got MAJOR skill.
Cranberries have numerous health benefits. They are full of vitamin C.
Success is attracted by the person you are
Fully recovered from food poisoning. Typing the address of that deli into my boycott address book.
Sorry the cheese did not tweet, but I got to get back in the fridge before I get molded
If you BELIEVE the sky's the limit don't let wisdom and discretion from your sight. Live fearless! #NspiredBy Proverbs 3: 21-24
You might sound more stupid... “: I wonder if foreign people know how stupid they sound.”
Someone needs to start loving #fun. as much as I do so I don't have to go see them alone!
thanks for the #FF love
What a beautiful day.
Tomorrow #xfactor. I could be there
I'm trying to look for it on Youtube. I can't find it. D;
DAMN IT TOM!! this is getting out of hand..fine JB..it is
"they gon hit my boost, chirp! they gon hit my boost, chirp" what you know about walkin in the Gucci store an all they do is salute"
What I would like to know is why employers want their employees' Facebook passwords. All I can think of is personal behavior policing
#show don't know much about since 2008 debut news she would be average in the Alameda Strip Club I hung in but I would Flip It 69
Preach! I totally understand where you're coming from.
Brian: Excuse me, would you like to taste my smoked meat log?
Would your grandparents like the music you listen to today?
Toilet! Flush.... #pineapple express
I'm 2nd row, center at a wrestling match. Wannabe WWF, big guys in shiny bloomers, fake and hilarious.
questioning the logic of the Bus. Office taking staff color printer cartridges from the Public Computer Supplies account...
i think its in maryville tho...
yes! Please do
may take 'em to the hat
Great gift for friends of chronic tooters.
Need support for Scale The Summit May 28th @ Skully's Music Diner. If interested email !
Twin Anchors is waiting wants you to try our ribs! Come check us out today & see what we are all about!
Why does most Eco-friendly/fair trade jewelry look so cheap? Anyone have anywhere to find good looking sustainable jewelry?
How is everyone? I feel like my Saturday nights are always boring.
#Bruins play their final regular season game tomorrow against the #Sabres. Get your playoff beards ready, folks!
hello guys!! See you at WMC!
I guess I can spare a piece...along w some chicken, a lil mac n cheese, n green peas!
I am always confused when companies/employees make it difficult for you to spend money.
Agreed bud ;)RT : If your man can't treat his mom right, what makes you think he can treat you right?
difference between the term Corporation and joint stock companies?
I see 's influence on , wearing golf polos on
see you soon! On our way! Welcome to the 'hood!
Tim Sullivan: 1930 Census promo launched in Jan was stronger than anticipated - many new susbcribers
RSS to Blogger poster was released in RSS Ground! It now has 3 posters and 12 RSS tools totaly.
Sounds like a damn fine day off to us too!
Maryland grad, ESPN anchor already deemed Madison, Wis., the "greatest college sports town." More #Badgers love w/ex-Terp QB?
O. M. G.!! “I found my embryos on Craigslist ”
Hawks = Capitals RT : Hawks co-owner Gearon calls Garnett 'dirtiest guy in league,' says Hawks 'don't get any calls'
Also, what can I do with 200 strawberries...
EMS words of wisdom 2. Set goals. Even if they seem stupid, if they make you happy, set em and make em happen
Hey, I Cannot Login To LP? Help?
Really. That's all I'm saying.
Nice write-up on !
Sounds like we need to get out to this years Zombie Crawl! DO IT! Right ?
Congrats love. You are one hell of a fan.
booked an awesome role in an even better movie! First big indie ($2.5M budget) in my acting career! Could be the start of something big...
Catching up on Southland & saw Larry Gilliard, Jr. of The Wire on an episode (D'Angelo Barksdale)!
what about analog summing?
A special #FF to our wonderful partners at #ETC11 We are so excited to be here!
Anyone remember the old commercial for Dunkin Donuts, "Time to make the donuts". That's me...up early and getting some work done.
parker is so sweet and adorable
Forget shopping for bread, milk and toilet paper. Think spring, and brighten up! Come see our new spring merchandises.
agree, but I think it's more the compensation and pension structure than tenure itself
do you wanna be in a facebook group for chicago beliebers? let me know and i can add you(:
Lost another game of empire. Time to listen to Coldplay
RT : . is live streaming Obama's UN speech. Now on nytimes.com home page.
To measure the man, measure his heart. -Malcolm Stevenson Forbes
yes please
#SomeoneIWantToMeet 32 year old me, serious discussion needs to be had.
I can't seem to get out of bed in the mornings . #tiredofschool #want summer
I wish you were still on your honeymoon.
Winning isn't everything--but #wanting to win is.-- Vince Lombardi
oh yeah! Looks like I'll be driving home after Eric church concert that Friday night. Shiz
Does anyone have a Boxee invite?
Baseball game!
NO IM HAVING A LITTLE SISTER KILL ME NOW -_-
thx for the webinar tweet! (I'm working w/ ). It seems the link didn't come through, wondering why, any ideas?
Yay snow day of course I didn't sleep in cuz the school called at 6:20 instead of 4 like norm but oh well
The Viewfinders are taking the golden gate. Raise your tweets if you love San Francisco!
from should follow me like he said he would ;3
RT : #JMacUP "Explosive, upbeat & has a great hook" (via DirectLyrics.com) 's song "Up" Step Up 3D sdtrk out NOW!
#ThatAwkwardMoment When you find your best friend hiding under your bed. To tell or not to tell?
Likewise Ryan, see you Saturday!
What's up Twitter fam??
i woke up and it wasnt there, and ive checked EVERYWHERE!!! for like the past 3 hours
We're currently looking for an entry-level jr social media/Web strategist Reach out to me if interested.
": Females Only Get Mad When They Care..... #Fact""
So staying clear of the FX mrkt for now are you? $Yen is worrisome as a pure long I'll give it that.
Kim&Brad Bandy , we can't thank you enough for all your help w/ !
AFRL Lab TV, The Air Force Research Laboratory
Ladies r back on Coffee Jazz Radio. POWER-HOUSE JAZZ VOCALIST Marainne Solivan. suberb, tender, smooth gorgeous real music
I'm abooouut to be late.
in the US its less than min wage.when i waited tables I expected at least 10- 12 an hour net after tipping out at a casual joint.
espresso martinis are not a good idea after sundown.
Presenting later today at the Linked In Project planning/managment under the NEC3 conference in London. Good turn out, +150 VIP delegates
O yea,Kool
Finished my research paper!
No tsunami in Japan from the latest quake; but what about the radiation?
Gary Stager: Kids are capable. They are competent. Let them be part of the solution.
suck a waner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Bnwt Ladies Khaki Pelex Cropped Cargo TrousersJeans Diesel- trousers jeans
Looking 4 some new #sexy friends 2 #followme on #twitter ~ how do u have so many #followers? What r u using or r u just sweet that way?!
Did it work? RT: Fellow passenger had schedules from every route. Was he trying to impress me with how well traveled he was?
Unexpected long ass day at work(s). Now time for some food and beer.
“: Passing someone on the run is worth passing 5 on the bike”. It's better than a finisher medal.
How many games would Metta World Peace be suspended for had he not previously been Ron Artest?
Days like this make me remember why I do STUCO.
“: The #WaitersRace was a blast!! See you there next year?”Absolutely!
you're like super tatted up :D
It's a little much for me. To each her own, however!!
A family that tweets together... RT : Living the #HungerGames premiere vicariously through and
I know. This is hard to believe, but I'm w/o Internet again. Time Warner Cable: setting the bar for worst uptime in the universe.
What is there to do tonight....
I'd love to see what Soony Saad could do against Olave. Kidding.
I can talk to you for hours on the phone, && could be happy. but when we get off all I can think about is the bullshit words && fights.
Live update with in 5 minutes on storm damage from possible tornado touch down (awaiting word from national weather service)
but you know I do.
me too! Other thoughts cloud your judgment, decision making
what up Fam! grinding meeting new peoples in Orlando, FLorida. you know me I get on the phone. I like yall pictures!!
hell yeah man...great to hear.
Griffin needs a jumper. Get that squared away and he'll be nearly unstoppable.
Obama: "Whenever I come to these things, I start thinking of Malia & Sasha & I start tearin' up. I don't know how you [parents] do it."
Txt WEDDING & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to win tix 2 an advance screening of THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT on 4/19 in Cherry Creek!
Morning stretches w for "Fear the Turtle, Find a Cure" 5K race in support of
That crown should have been yours !!! You are FIERCE
Projects picking up, now that I am settled in. I think it's color coded to-do list time! would be proud! ;)
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
Great speakers today! Great lunch. Southern Word totally fabulous!=)
I need a #Karrueche Tran In my Life
Goodnight Twitter .... Hopefully (:
Sun-proof your hands from the elements - use hand care products that contain SPF 15 or above & remove rings and watches to avoid...
porn is better
Did I tell you people that I had to get glasses? So, I have the sexy librarian thing going but I'm also a four-eyes.
Hey, any thoughts on a basic cookbook 4 a friend who wants 2 expand their culinary scope?
Out having a beer watching the girlfriend model some bikinis @ Acme.
i love you too darlingg tons and tonnsss : )
'That's the kind of neighborhood we are,' Connie Marzalek says as a neighbor shows up with 8 pizzas.
how come i keep losing followers
wonder who else will follow me
All that I know is, I don't know how to be something you miss.
heeeeeeyyyy. What's up.
This wedding is horse shit!!!
Chapter 2012 Page 116 of 366 One of my favorite sounds in the world is the sound of "silence"
if you're near the Brixton in SF take a photo and upload to It will earn you some cash!
Merry Christmas!!
thank you somebody finally nice wish you would stay longer ima miss you
We miss you too, Joe! Naty says hi. Come visit soon! RT pura vida everyone! I'm really missing Costa Rica right now!
Congrats to on getting the start and helping Dallas get a win tonight.
Good morning, tweeple (twitter people)! Another glorious day...well not so much cuz the sky is grey but I still thank God for waking me up!
Time for
Celebrate #GEW with this week!
Apple releases new Shaw phone, come pre-loaded with 5 goals and 4 assists
Money Saving Tip #47: Look for a cheaper place to live.
{As a tear falls into the water, I whisper to no one but the shattered Valkyrie in the calm lake} I don't know where I am anymore.
Heading to career day in shorts, gym shoes & a Harvard Div School t-shirt; hoping to help Public School kids live the dream!!!
Im glad the girl in the Girlfriend video got the job for Justin's love interest in the video. She couldn't even afford to wear real clothes.
so we goin to see some bitches strip down to their pasties?
Dear Chris Berman, the Patriots don't need a running back. Stevan Ridley will be playing RB1. That is all.
writing about Grace Hanadarko and wondering if she finally found redemption, also looking for folks she helped with their own struggles
SO... you should get me some sonic (;
It's better that you lose me forever, then to truly care about me a few seconds of the year, and keep me believing in a dream...
Season of allergies
It can be really emotional, even without the extra hormones!
"There are more things in Heaven and Earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy."
If your life were a movie what would the title be?
how dare you deny me that thing I get for free!
accurate. all accurate
Great topic #4thchat since tonight is "World Book Night." 1 million donated copies are being passed out across the country.
got to keep her motivated somehow!
Sounds wonderful!
Putting together an awesome Black & White series for my website.
The quickest way to get me to log off of your page? Autoplaying something.......
Mite as well cancel those reservations.... But damn that shit was gonna be dope! Fuck it
At the Beth El Candidates Forum in Alexandria watching #jimmoran and #gerryconnolly shine!
“: homo how u spend 3 days for a 4 hr job ?” a little thing called being owner of the company.
Have fun!
hey bill.
Sorry school, I ran out of fucks to give
Ev, your man Chad is SO much better lookin' than Rodman! :)
Delicious Color Combo Thanks for sharing
An 11 pm damage control statement makes me think guy in Wetzel's article was expressing what FSU is thinking
thanks for the follow
New followers! Thanks! EROCK
You can't blame that one on us, Saad!
so true as I know from personal experience...
We've got some bX Hot Articles thing I need to send out. PrimoCentral in JHSearch will be discussed next month.
Don't start a relationship with someone without intending to make it last.
u kno now kinfolk its right there by klusoz
Show this week in San Marcos! New Merch! New Tunes!
It's been 12 years now since Matt was murdered. October 12, 1998. Tell someone you love them and remember.
Xo back too all that metioned me
The requirement for success is the timeliness of decisions.
just follow the path I have already tread for the rest of you
Lmao, she's working on her anger girl! That's why its okay she lashed out, as long as she didn't get physical.
thanks!! We all need to get together for dinner one evening!! Have a great day!!
Being able to write.. Doesnt make u a rapper lol. There is more that ways into it. Delivery, image, etc.
Fair to say our schools were the hot topic at tonight's Ward 5 town hall meeting. Lots of great questions - thank you,
Planning on visiting box office tomorrow for tix to and #AvettBrothers. Good times coming dudes.
haha thanks! I would say I'm good at acting like a grown-up more so than being grown-up ;)
hey brother i just start working on my new project. Please can you tweet my video and help me with promotion? Thanks. Miss you
What are you doing today?
Thank u!:)
im so bored..
It's not where I am, it's who I'm with
Am finding something oddly soothing about Brendan Shanahans voice & am putting his suspension explanation videos on in bkgrnd as white noise
It looks delish & at home in that Colonial style mug! Enjoy!
Thought this was a good thought to chew on: "You'll either have disciplines or regrets." - Marshall Sylver
I'm not falling for yr little tricks again.
u goin Saturday
#Str8LykeDes... Why even bother..
you're the best!
Wow who knew laying down could hurt...fucking sprained shit
I think it's my fave season, too, actually. And that moment is so...you know...YES!
Fuck it this week better go by fast I'm ready for summer
Okay im drunk
Good story--The work on the unreliability of eyewitness testimony by Loftus et al. makes this a story that needs to be told.
happy 100th birthday, fenway park - one of the happiest places on earth!
Not looking forward to summer school:(
it is. and I do not. thanks!
I feel really bad 4 my neighbor! His Wife is the biggest Ho and everybody knows it but, HIM!!!
Two sleeps and I'm ohio bound! I'm so excited that I'm already packed.
Maybe I should just give up on it lol.
Thx u 4 following.Today is terrible tuesday anything that didn't hppn on mndy happens today. Makes it feel like mndy all over.
Arriving in Seattle at midnight--so far my most surreal MLA yet, & there's stiff competition for that title.
Smoke me out bro
Watching Penguins of Madagascar
Just ate and now napping on a full stomach at the studio. Full stomach and music =
You rent gears??
Well bring it in! I shall honor your request.
If your a soccer player you understand how soccer takes over your life
Your stunning can I be YOU(: please follow back it would mean a lot .
Yea she feels a lot better
We've fetishized the whole thing; if you tweet about anything else today, then the terrorists win.
Nice! You didn't get those tickets on stub hub LOL
": SAFER inside walls ... good plan. Should be on all tracks."
Shout out to Femme Fatale for letting the people know about Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays!!!
yeah it is:PP:)
he is also the man who is ducking the PACMAN. #growaset Stop being a bitch and fight the man.
Thanks to all who attended & spoke at #NewWaveofJournalism! Because of you, it was a fantastic conference!
why yes sir indeed
are you alright ? why did he attacte you like that for?
Hunter museum in chatt. Dorthea Lange exhibit. Striking a chord.
The sun is coming up and I'm going to bed. Goodnight everyone! Or should I say good morning?
Brandon??!! How are ya...any chance you want to talk a little beaver football at 8:25?
Finally saw Cabin in the Woods today. Probably the most fun I've had in the theater so far this year. Can't fathom how this film got delayed
Respect ur opinion, but again, it was Hamilton's suggestion. Ur the only one on Twitter that seems to have a problem with it
its hot af in here!
Watching Girl with the dragon tattoo with my mommy<3
you tweet a lot of random quotes.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay all followed me :'( ahh I wish..
about to get ultra rachet tomorrow night
Thanks for the reTweet!
aw are you going Sunday?
I've never actually been this stoked for a basketball game. Saturday can't come quick enough
I'm in the middle of "Long Walk to Freedom" by Nelson Mandela, whose 93rd birthday it is today.
oo, looking forward to chatting more (when my brain returns & this sunburn fades)
Help us get to 100 follows by Wednesday! We can do it! #spreadtheword and show some support for :)
Ron Roenicke is a fucking idiot and should not be a major league manager. The Brewers win in spite of him.
Glad you could have fun with us! We like our new space, too! Enjoy the rest of #sxsw festivities
Hey bro, could you turn your swag off for two minutes AND WALK?
dodgers best record in baseball
yeahh , sexy boy
Sinatra, Phil Collins, and Jimmy Buffet
yea, i hope i get over you in the summer.
can I get a follow back?(: thanks beautiful^.^
mid-day cocktails followed by archives result in immediate naptime, so that's a no-go for me
misses nights like these terribly..
HA I do have a loose leg kickin around back there.. Is it yours? What's it doing in my car..
that's not possible...haha I never get dropped
Those would be Middleton's Bennett Hogendorn vs. Mad. East's Jake Rodgers and Verona's Alex Boomgarden vs. Mad. Memorial's Michael Scharr.
my phone is on some other shit
So glad you enjoyed! RT : What a fantastic...
IS GETTING HER ASS HANDED TO HER ON FACEBOOK UNDER EVERY POST SHE TYPES. LOL
yo, nice purple velvet blazer you had on today! Shit was gangstA.
Cool, 1 more follower away from 800!
DA HEAT STRIKES AGAIN DEY MUST BE COLD IN PHILLY!!
this is awesome. Thank you so much for your support! Definitely means a lot to all of us
Mr. Handyman National Convention Orlando, FL
Optimism is an attitude that shows up around springtime. –Joel Garcia
nothings going right, everything's a mess!
did you buy your Gold Cup tickets yet? There's still time and just a few tickets left!
At 's grad-- these students are amazing! So much talent and so many accomplishments. #FIGHTON, grads!
On the MS Campus there is still a line to get the Lumia 900.
I am perfect the way I am. And what you don't like, someone else will bet that
Have a drink, clink, found the bud light - bad bit**es like me is hard to come by .. haha I listen to it right now ^^
Although we were nominated for Regional Emmy Awards, we did not win, but we are so happy to have been recognized by our peers! Thank you!
liberty store please
that's a great idea -- adding it into my presentation!
Kings/Blues on NHL Network, will move to NBCSN after Flyers are done.
Great food and beautiful people! That is the scene baby! Wine and dine!
do you have the story on the armenian bombing?
I never realized my family has given me deep scars on my soul
Hey David. I think your account has been hacked. You just sent me a DM.
good to hear... your friends cant wait for you to get back on the field
'Verified' account label attached to it, by reasoned logic (that in a sense i have already given, if you think it through...???)... it IS...
What's up, Saints Row 3?
Just got off the phone with my mom&granny they told me a total of 12 Tornadoes hit #DallasTx today a couple of my fam members homes was hit
After adding a directory as a submodule, I learn that " for mac" can't handle repos with multiple remotes.
yeah..Vik isn't getting married?
Electrolytes r saved. Night has been made
I cannot decide whether or not to go to the Polyphonic Spree show on Friday.
Will be putting it on me for the next month. :) lol
Thank you to for letting us come by yesterday to show some gorgeous selections from !
YOU NASTY! :oP
Oh I thought the left lane was the fast lane which means TO GO FASTER THAN THE SPEED LIMIT. what was I thinking..silly me
the phone conversation in my sisters car
#AFP Headline: US Firm 'to mine asteroids'. #Nations are going
I have tried so hard to push my depression away from me, why does it have to come back to haunt me.
Blogs that do nothing but recap the day-to-day happenings of your boring life are the internet equivalents to awful reality shows.
on facebook lol how are you ?
9/7/2010 Improve Your Website by Removing These Four Things MarketingProfs
There's no place like London.
could you please come to Wisconsin and sav
#nccetl "prof dvlpt" a great way to avoid change
Life is so much better when you have someone to share it with!!! !!!
Catching up on NPR Tiny Desk podcasts. The Kathleen Edwards one is making for some great morning listening.
I don't think Gordon Hayward can dunk with one hand
We cannot make this stuff up! Just another fun day in OH!
Just saw a screening of Miss Representation, a powerful indictment of media poor portrayal of women - inspiring & brilliantly done. See now!
Members working together! RT : Today's soup is Wisconsin Beer Cheese! Made with Riverwest Stein from Brewery!
I Love you Guys, Stay Mindless <U+2665> Mwahh !
If you`re brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello
The full out Harry Potter theme song is blasting on my P!ATD pandora right now... i have no idea what to do with my life atm
When life knocks you down, lay there and take a nap.
try a spreadsheet ;-)
What small act of good can we all do today to make life better?
Glad my wife is home from working @ our girls' camp this wk. Seems like she was gone 4 months. Great time w/the girls (teens) life changing
I got a couple of restaurants following me too.
steady are you ready?
Thanks for the shout out! I'll be in Nashville on the 16th at the Ryman watching the coolest person in R&R...Jack White yay
I love cows c; moo?
Sad when I'm so bored at work, the Dougie song comes on & I stand up & practice the dance. Woo hoo the Boom Boom Boom song is on now, c ya!
2 weeks from today I'll be reunited with my friends and it'll be DERBY <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
i'm goin MAD over this #snacksecret show that's happening on Oct.23rd!!! I wonder who it will be? only knows, so follow em!
I had no idea that was such a successful writer. I have a lot of respect for you mister. Thats quite awesome. =]
Can't wait for the show tonight!
Converting MKV to M4V and it takes all day... Good thing I have an extra MacBook.
Laser Genesis Half off this week! Save $90!
So, I'm just gone say F*** you and have a nice day
yor beauiful no matter what u say i love <3333
Passed lady with sign "Dog Friendly Wine Store!" still trying to decide if it was for Pooches who like a tipple or Merlot loving dog walkers
Tons of great shows for you in 2012! Check back for announcements over the coming weeks, you won't be disappointed
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: "Open Source Communities, if you give them a chance, are not Comcast."
just remodeled! looks great
i'm building castles in the sky..
Soundcheck #Renfields sounded great. Sneak preview of NYE set tonight
Woot! Donald Driver is on #DancingWithTheStars this season -- I know who I'm cheering for!
2 more days <3 until I see my beautiful boys (; and duhh
you are very welcome. Sleep well.
Whoop ass time is about to start
Italian beef and fries for $6.99 this week from Chubby's when you order on BrewCityBites!
Hey Do you think ARod will reach 600 tonight?
Thank you for doing your part <3 xoxo
To clarify - our wholesale prices were too high to hit the right numbers in the UK; we said we'd work on that, but it fizzled.
they're really trying to make someone cut a bitch
Books4teenboys....The Project by Brian caliber
I'd buy Minecraft. :o
Dear Graphic Designers, Quit designing everything in one layer in Illustrator. That is all
I just blew the biggest bubble, I nearly took off!
“: Haha all these people using cray now!” I can't stand that word!
But can you write a villanelle, Mike?
oh damn, I thought you meant AM. Lmao. I'm such a dumbass -_-. that's really really late rofl
Been working on customs the last couple of days. One is a surprise so pics are coming when it's complete.
Sure is. We don't know what we have 'til it's gone!
man if he dont get his back pack snappin ass from round me..ima muder da fuck outta dem crunchy taco toes.lol
Are you at #HRSW? Be sure to wear your Novotus pin for a chance to instantly win a Starbucks gift card. Stop by booth
my friends love u too... mostly out of pitty
Morning Tweetie pies! Grateful for a new day
Celebrate the National Day on Writing! Encourage a young person to write and submit, submit, submit.
Does anyone know why the bike lane was packed with parked cars the entire length of Spruce yesterday? Bugged the hell outta me.
How 'bout dem O's, hon!
Orlando bout to win, The marlins just took the lead. The day is off to a good start. Let's go Lakers and Let's go Anaheim.
#Dead. Need sleep. Wonderful weekend with the #trancefamily, we couldn't be any more thankful to have you in our lives :)
is that a dare?
Ladies, this discount is for you. Get 12% OFF at 's great selection. Only w/ a
its gonna be pretty busy. But you cant bitch about work until you've had a double digit number of shifts
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! <3 if i could id bake you a nutella flavored cake that smelled like canndles<33 (: omg my bby is growing ...
You can do it!(: I took my bio final this morning(:
adorable! I'm sure those weekends are really special.
thats what I like to hear
love this line by & definitely feel in my own life! "A key digital literacy is how you manage distraction"
been there done that! Lol jkjk
Mama told me I was born on mother's day back in 89, the best gift of all-time *BigYac shrugs*.
Dinner cooked, kitchen cleaned! Time for
Focus and simplicity are more important than you may know
According to reactions are black and white, "you're insane" or "best thing evar!"
Work as if you were to live a hundred years. Pray as if you were to die tomorrow. -Benjamin Franklin
Tonight is the night. JPA 5K! Come out and run or support the runners!
you can't do the risky business slide with rubber on your socks!!
I've created a multiple-platform singing competition. Guaranteed 3 billion viewers. Call my private line.
Way to much Reggie Evans happening right now for the #Clippers. Other then that, I like they're playing
Note: southern travellers are fond of fly hats. Fedoras all around.
Looking forward to taking part in the Hornets "Thank You" event from 11:30-1pm at Lafayette Square today! Hope to see you there!
#supportlocalmusic bands. send you music to . need photos Pessimistic Smile Photography can help. spread the word.
Trying to decide if I should go to the match again this weekend. Ugh! Too much school work, not enough money!
I love you and miss you already. What the heck do I do with you 800+ miles away???? Best.reunion.ever.
feel better soon guys! Lots of fluids, lots of rest!
Thanks! I like yours too. I was just telling my buddies how difficult penis monster drawings are to master.
set it to the current time
if you desire can send radio drops for you as well
Check out China Wok on our site and order some delicious chinese food and have a little picnic outside
did powerless have something do with Lauren almost dying from chrons?
Wish I would have known Avon's winter guard song was from Across the Universe.
Alright! Dinner & ! Here we go!
What is going on in Watertown square?
Don't blame ya....I wouldn't give up money to get me either. So I'll just ball out with my homie this season.
im not.
Can I get a refiiillll ?
Learning ~SF's Central Market arts area @ A/E symposium, one catalytic project is 's move to district w/growing employee base
We are good! How have you guys been?
follow me? (:
Killer nite! ": Tonight Nocturnal talent takes over both sides of the Hudson! Joe Bermudez at RHO & Greg Pic at Hudson Terrace!"
I couldn't agree more. It'll be interesting to see how this case turns out
oh right.
Happy #MayDay! See you w & rally for Waste Workers, then #OWS then Man, busy day!
It's been a week and a day since I had my last drink. I'm a rock. I'm an island.
How kind the LORD is! How good he is! So merciful, this God of ours! Psalm 116:5,
what scares you the most about having an acting career, the craft side or the business side? why?
I am not even going there with you *hides*
City of Boston Urban Agriculture Kickoff meeting at capacity. Very exciting to see so much interest in Urban Ag.
The last few nights have been great, but it's really nice to just lay in my bed.
: um...you know that Stooges show is postponed, right?
So...3 episodes of "The Big Bang Theory" tonight (1 in syndication)? Woo-hoo!!
I visited the majestic Rock Island today. It's inhabitants and were very welcoming. Great seeing you guys!
Think upgrading your home could save you 15% or more on your energy bill? Let us show you how and you could be eligible for big incentives!
Hope not! Nothing to be excited about ... yet. :)
Nice! I'm got an apt on Conti. No tix yet but gonna try to get some from losing team fans. I'm in on the bourbon triangle
Allies in higher ed, #columbiacollegechicago has a FB page to build coalition & resist change: .com
Brilliant quote: "You know... vegetables did exist before Ranch" /by
Everything said goes double. Congrats!
what did she text back? (x
also I'd love to know what she thinks about the "hottie mystique" that stephanie coontz mentions in her new book Strange Stirring
Together forever and never apart, maybe in distance but never in the heart.
Thank you for the suggestions. Love DH but always on the lookout for a good critique...
you feeling better? <3 (:
Welcome, sir!
Oh, man. I haven't worked on my WIP in 13 days. O.o
I BOW DOWN TO HER GOD BLESS HER!
I know you too well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
My Willowbrook High School #choir buddies are on tour in Washington DC - I hope you all have a wonderful trip!
Think it's funny other fan bases try to clown us for not signing the #2 recruit
"Rather Ripped" :) I was told it was the best out of their new ones.
Waiting for Satan to pick me up on his motorcycle
": old twitter friend" no sir mister :)
I think undisclosed friends dog just eat a vodka infused pineapple
“ A morning text doesn't only mean "good morning." It also means "I think about you when I wake up"”
Nice sac bunt!
move from 6 to 2 & give up three 1st round picks & one 2nd; take time to play out but Hershel trade
In the last few issues of the New Yorker, there was a T. C. Boyle piece and a Roberto Bolano piece. I have something to look forward to...
Been to The Mad Frog lately? Things are shaping up for 2011 and looking good. Stop in and check out one of these many great shows coming up.
3. Remember your former 401k. If you're moving from another job, roll your 401k into an IRA or to your current employer.
Oakland here I come!!
RT if you're watching and cheering for the
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <3 all th dramas because we love you and your so fab
I Said A Lil Bit.
RT : Myth: Dark skin doesn't burn.
Dave thanks for following. Will do the same...
Good luck phil
cupcake! that's a new one!
Wake up late .... :( I have 106 left for GRE test. I can't be lazy anymore!
Break a leg at the #TwSIG tomorrow! RT you know how they say that screwing up the dress rehearsal means you'll have a good show?
Don't forget, along w/raffle & costume contest, there's also a prize for the crawler who travels the farthest to join us!
What would you do if you were the one spending the night?
HA HA HA ha ha ha HA AH aha ahahahfaeh
Thanks Sarah! Grateful for your support at the show and in the tweetasphere!
Thanks you too. It's raining in DC. I'm relaxing. Have a blessed week.
so you actually live in Canada?
hi there!
yes I know but I don't know what 2 do so many ppl love me & I had no idea I am gonna go crazy twitter is drama now :(
#melus12 next year we should have a tweet-up right at the beginning of the conference in a very public place.
Friend says/Hey you want my homemade necklace./Other friend says/Oh no you #saveit ...... For your....dog/ I don't have a dog Akward silence
hahahaha good one.
The ice cream truck jingle was developed in 1960. It was a 3 minute song on a loop. Today many trucks use a 30 sec version to advertise!
can't wait!
thanks fellas! We like your moves and your style. :)
So glad I got to enjoy opening day reply without knowing the outcome. What a game for Cain, Posey, Huff, Cabrera, and others
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to learning more!
same to you
Hey how's it going ???? Haven't tweeted in a while
And States loudly> We arent talking about your hair! And i could have crawled under the table!! Everyone was looking, and I just want to >
I am loving the #brewers score, but I equally live Lincecum, so I almost feel bad for the kid.
at 11:00, the latest on the mother whose car and infant found dumped in NH. Her body has been recovered. Story on
I guess, but wut does it mean?
I live in Chicago, and yes, that's the only reason I'll be seeing Transformers 3.
Nothing quite as nice as breaking up your workday with a good run.
#Bbworld11 Digital courses - Wiley with WileyPlus
thanks Joshua
Met great women today from fellow #givingcircles in Annapolis, B'more, DC and VA at #GCEvent!
Tax deadline ticking down. I know of at least one person who finished their taxes just minutes ago. Anyone else put it off?
thanks for the tips!
safe travels cup cake !
wait... my phone is my synthesizer now- i can work on this on the bus...I really like the future...
RT : Minneapolis has best airport. It has everything you could want from shops to restaurants!
Funny, I've been talking about this stuff for years. Nice to see the AmLaw 100 are starting to catch up.
OSU can't hang with the Big 12 bruh
oh hi, boulevard wheat. let me bask in your deliciousness.
ok go back and eat your collard greens and vinegar
SHE'S SO INDECISIVE.
Need a lift?
"This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force."
1986 Holiday Royale Houseboat Used Boats For Sale - Nestleton ...
oh Ke$ha, your 2nd performance on SNL was fantastic. If only you had the voice to match it.
"taylor like foreal dude i hate you". ME: SO IDGAF *walks off
I miss you!
Awesome! That's what we love to hear =)
Gotta packed weekend... apologies ahead of time if I don't respond to tweets/messages/texts/emails.
I love Curry too..
The #Roseville fire reminds us that we may need to respond to an emergency when we aren't at home or work. Would you know what to do?
$438 to be exact
It's put up or shut up time
Bill Raftery thinks they should go for two.
I would say yes. Touch is harder, but smell is relatively easy to add, & adds immense value to memory & experience
watch your words I will start retweeting RevRun
Ill send you a post card from the Eastern Conference Finals.
frienship as "One soul residing in two bodies" is from Aristotle, merely quoted by Diogenes.
talk to me? :D plz say yes lol
Babysitting the 2 best girls ever! <3 my nieces
#FF One of my besties, ! One of the most TALENTED, BEAUTIFUL, and INTELLIGENT women I have the privilege of knowing!!!
The more I see that gorilla, the more I hafta see
ok so the Avenger movie is effing awesome!!!!
RT : I was always a fan of when she was Governor, but I REALLY love her now that she's able to say what she wants
how is it!!
SHE CRSED HER OUT AM GROWDNED HER BUT I THINK SHE SHOULD HAVE WOPED HER ASS
you're coming to soma on saturday, and you have no say over the matter.
approves of the new Saturday rotation thus far at
You bet! Have a great day :) Thanks for following along!
may the people responsible for the abuse of kids at Penn State, may they burn in hell, but before that let's put them in prison...
Send it in da mail hottie
Laying here :/ alone!
haha im going to call you a bandwagon when the Buffalo Bills do good next year.. LOL Jk
That awkward moment when someone answers your "What's up?" with "Not bad."
had so many dreams last night. many of them wut. like, dancing go-go boys in a bar-like barber shop where the barber was a poet-friend. :/
Triple double again for <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080> woo
Today is a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.
I hold my boys down like kick stands
Dude, your avatar is freaking me out. Instead of a cyclopes you're like a sexclopes.
shopping online for Murphy's Oil Soap
may go to fort lee again the bait just need to txt back he been at the shooting range all day
I love #twitter and #google+ I find people who are crazier than me. It makes me feel sane. <3
i can't wait to see you at the concert tomorrow! Its going to be amazing!
RT There is something to be said for Etiquette, Eloquence, and Social Grace. So true.
Bad weekend ever! :(
which made it great!
What its not the tea party's fault? sarc
So glad to be rested up after taking Labor Day off.
i have abs to lol
laugh at the skymall oddities. Like fund the orbit wheels. Serious wtf there
what are you doing there?
Quite excited about !
'are you a justin bieber fan?' 'not fan , belieber ?'dET
but u have the body, and strenght! I think if u try you'll do great! :D
you shoulda copyrighted C.U.E.U.P.U, you would be collecting mad royalties right now
How many new versions of Flash Player comea week?!?! I'm tired of this sh*t
Thank you for pulling over instead of DWT'ing. Love, your wife
I'm trying the hoodie trick .. Wish me luck.
LL mortified by his behavior.
ha. visiting my nephew & some r&r. but actually I usually go to Disney ;) where do you stay?
We are half way through the month, don't forget to spread the word about our free month promotion going on until Feb 29....
Mike, you did a great job explaining Git and Heroku. I wasn't sure how to deploy or what Git was until your tutorial.
Wow, they do look just like her
Everybody checkout my single JUICED UP it's a party song that anyone can enjoy and it's FREE!!! at my website
We R grateful 4 YRDC grant & 2B in the same club as-->
Best of luck to Eleanor & Paul running in the London Marathon today
yep RT : How do I know *for sure* I'm on vacation? All my children caught a stomach bug and started vomiting. So relaxing.
The big un easy
The gift of friendship is a wondrous thing with the joys and happiness good friends bring.
we're your ears burning earlier? Lol
Jeff Jarvis...keeping it real. News is not dying.
Great question! You would think that learned "a lesson about bullying," if you believe he's lived a more humble life
finally I can kiss my pillow again..
I dream of the day you fade out. You try to be up the wall, I'm going insane. When I hear your name I just want to explode.
ABC News leads with Mary Kennedy's suicide! Uh huh.
No chocolate :\ twizzlers it is!
was she answering a question? was her arm in traction? enquiring minds, etc.
Getting my hair blow dried and styled for the Bachelors & Spinsters ball tonight! Excited to get glammed up and party...
Thibs is now a coach free agent. Ahem Paul allen? :-)
You know it's "DIET TIME" when the TSA agent at airport looks at your gut and says "you wearing a money belt?"
ponder might throw a pick 6. U can hope
On the road again...
when i say JUMP u better JUMP and don't you ask how HIGH
can't find by you? Download our app for free at the app store or android markert!
Happy new year Lebowski.
Dear #ESPN ~ new #REALSPORTS tonight! You have real journalism to scam for everyone who doesn't have HBO!!!
Ive been hyped all week barely being able to focus on work for the RSL vs #SKC game
thanks 4 the tip! :)
That's great! Let us know when you think of another one!
Mangia and Danatellos are my favorites
Wrote, napped, wrote more. Proof that napping makes me more productive. Perhaps I can convince my boss this?
of course! I would love to see Jen again
Alkaline water helps the body combat the gradual loss of bicarbonate in the bloodstream, a root cause of aging.
then there are 5 level of progressions after head injury the student athlete must go through prior to going back on field.
I think everybody is wet right now, but sun is in the forecast! Should dry out the course a bit before Saturday.
Thank you to all of you for my birthday wishes. On the way to Atlanta Thursday for a long birthday weekend!
I am terrified that I will soon be homeless.
These all sound great! Yay for Amazon--I just ordered all 5. It's looking like a summer of informative reads.
pictures or it didn't happen.
ok I am now
#JP #Morgan #Chase loses 2 billion dollars. Do we still need tighter bank regulations? The story is coming up on the
Thanks for the coffee today - Always great catching up with you!!!
RT : Rutgers-Newark women's tennis is at York NY at 4 o'clock today.
Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal is coming
Off to Yankee Stadium thanks to
I just know I'm gonna forget somethin tomorrow
Hi good to see you're on twitter
: Please support Senate legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the U.S. Thank you!
I can tell you from experience that you do not need lock picks in every situation for a physical intrustion test.
We'd love to see you! Any time.
Hello world champ Follow back and tell your friends to follow we will hook y'all up!!!
Cool. I can see how that would be addictive.
Washington DC beltway
PASS THE BILL! END THE WAR! TAX THE RICH! STAND WITH
thank you! <13
Waiting for West Coast to start...trying so hard not be be spoiled!! COME ON 9pm!!
There are cattle guards on the road for the highway on ramps. This is deep.
whats up Mike. Would love to share strength and conditioning info.
Dodgers fans are assholes, that's why.
Tonite played UTube of The Band doing "Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" for Civ War class. Not a single 1 had heard of song, or The Band +
just DM'd you
There are a variety of volunteer opportunities for the 2010 Seattle Show. For more information contact .
hello anybody home ? come in earth . ,over
I really don't feel guilty about not studying for this #APUSH exam..
Sportin, a #Tulo jersey, tallboy in hand, ready for some #Rockies baseball in AZ.
Harrison showed me at school the other day lol how do i remind you of that girl??
This Class -_-
Menopausal Male
i followed :) !
Newt: "I believe in getting an American to the moon before the Chinese." So the landing WAS a hoax!
Can I forward my St. Ed's email to my gmail account?
I'm so sick of this! TMZ sure knows how to get some sh^t started
oh god. Don't you just love bandwagoners?
she's a pretty girl
right when I thought it was getting better, it got fucking worst
can you follow me
in all honesty, i was already losing my voice during Sonne. and that was the first song they played.
Happy Thursday! So ready for the weekend!
that sounds fun man!!! We just finished up our songs in the studio!! Sounds like we both had a good week
Biology TA: I'm sure you have great things to say, but I just can't understand you
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow :( Not looking forward to it at all!
this is pointless <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
a million tks ;)
Not running for a bus! Not the best of advice I've been given, missed the bus by about 2 seconds!.
Awesome BBQ for lunch. Coupled with the sun, I enjoy.
#TT to more than 100,000 people who have submitted essays to #ThisIBelieve. Which one is your favorite #TIBessay?
Hell of a show!!!! It was worth the drive from KY to see you and BG!
I'm the Loyalist!
Chairman of CO Commission on Higher Ed: Commission has voted unanimously for 3rd consecutive year to support
Working in 360 project. Check it out live at natepowersphotography.com/live!!
This is an odd and somewhat contradictory pov to the admin at Harvard, yes? Also odd bc libraries are leading the way in OA
RT : Chris Bosh's teams are 25-34 since 2006 when he does not play.
Whenever you feel like you're battling someone or something else, you're really just battling your own demons.
we don't want summer to end :(((
I think that Justin should do a duet with Ariana Grande. RT If you agree. <3
10k was always my favorite race to watch at the Big 12 meet. Especially when the Colorado guys would get mowed down.
What is the point of Twitter..I don't get it? Am I supposed to say what I'm doing? And people read it as if they actually care? Knight!<3
Shame about the shelving. But the collaboration is priceless.
mike neal was a non factor last year for the #packers. Maybe he can get healthy with the extra 4 weeks.
YOU ASK WHY? TO GET YOUR SMARTS BACK FROM THE ARSE INTO THE THINK-TANK!!
likewise! Dig the tracks man!
And thank you! RT : Thanks for always being a great place to go.
Hi Cindy just emailed you requested info Thanks again Diana
Ladies if you are flashing this morning for Ta-Ta-Tuesday we want to hear from you. Email us your pictures to:
Second promo today...dave and busters! Check out the new pac-man!
Thank u to that special someone who took my mind off everything last night. I havent sweated on dance floor w someone in a longtime hm...
I'm so hype right now til it's ridiculous!! had an AWESOME night at work & game 1 is tonight!!!!!!!
stfu man ik what I'm going through..,, didn't mean to be rude
appreciate it bro. I will send some more joints before the weekend out. KEEP GRINDING.
Looks like tonight we get confirmed on a bonafide Coyote buyer. Amazing what a couple wins in the playoffs will do!
"What are you reading?" "The internet."
Have a wonderful holiday weekend! Safe travels if visiting family and friends.
Can you believe #Peyton didn't go to #SF? Imagine him with those weapons!
it's what I call a good morning!
the girl who won the #SahelNOW challenge thing
So true! RT First number sets the anchor... If you put your number out there, you take control of the anchor.
Good Luck !
Karmaloop & BBC party!
what a funny #peaceride tweet: heavenly hot springs! :)
Anna is beautiful. GOLIC,,,,Down boy. You have seen a beautiful woman before ?
come snuggle with me
I'm a grandma!
Mickey Rourke lives the THUG & CHUG life. Full of graft & corruption. Not as pretty as back in Pope Of Greenwich Village
my phones dead but I'm On my way!
Bless those who were affected by 9-11 <33333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333333 Love goes forever...
Im so depressed now this really a HUGe blow to the pen
On youtube,change your old design to the new one NOW!
seriously! Do we really need to shut down major parts of Austin for this event???
Michael Cunningham just referenced Dostoevsky and Tolstoy. Slavic nerd can't help tracking this. But why not Zamyatin?
A lot of people are in control beside us & it all affects a child's health. TV ads, school lunchrooms (& corporate sponsors).
we need to catch up bro. I'm in for beers
soda!!! And tell your wife I miss saying "bubbler" and not have people look at me like I am nuts.
You know you can follow us on Facebook!!!!! Do it!! Just type in Spring Fever to the magic search bar up on the top of the page.
Just made my first chevre, can't wait for it to be done. Thanks for the great class
that's what this week is about, respect other views, nothing is right or wrong ... lol
goodluck dont let it end it sucks trust me
RT : Social media can turn strangers into friends: #FF >Mutual Jerae xo
thanks, just been running nonstop. How are you?
Heads up pretties July is #independentretailmonth check in often to stay
Another mind-blowing night at the Imagined Life Studios with Diana Castle. My brain and heart are so full!
The hallway outside my office smells like a two-day-old armpit burrito. I thought you'd all like to know.
Fab social media mantra from attendee - personality, preach, promote
just saw you singing and dancing on NY1!! So proud!
Was it Mark Twain who said age is a matter of the mind;if you don't mind it doesn't matter? Now I realize what a wise attitude that is!
Walkin n knockin in the rain
you are definitely on the twitter move !!
OH MY GOSH WHAT IS WRONG WITH US
I love being ignored. Like seriously, keep doing it and see what happens.
Wakefield snake-bit in trying to get his 200th win for the #RedSox- gives up 4 runs after he should have been out of 4th with a strikeout.
you are FUNNY! Ugly butt monkey smiling...... That's why your hairline is no where to be found
You got it.
Still watching storms over SW WI. Storms are exhibiting quite a bit of weakening lately.
homeless chic
Your pretty face doesn't make up for your butt ugly personality.
People willing to wait in line 45 minutes for a cup cake should be drawn and quartered. #overrated #
BMSPF UP ON LOW VOLUME 26%~SHE IS PRIMED
I still did well though!
Amazing meeting this morning, Be a believer in Downtown Milwaukee! Onward and upward.
good morning bud! How is your Saturday?
President Obama says he is supporting gay marriage. How will it affect the campaign? Local reaction in 10 minutes on News10NBC at 5.
Black coffee in bed.
I hate being sick -.-
is holding a free flu clinic Friday, 10am - 2pm at the Central Library, with H1N1 and seasonal vaccines both available.
Thanks for the follow!
I love you xoxoxoxo
I seriously feel like the laziest person right now. I haven't done anything. I FEEL FAT,
": u need to tweet more, or ppl wont follow you lol" (lol that's how u get people to follow u
html5++. Native apps are great but that's not where libraries need to go first, imho.
i cant believe used
Nice win last night, last placed Phillies. Maybe you'll win a series against the Nats this year hahahaha
I'm on it Hannah Jean!! Lol
“: The 2 most common forms of OCD are excessive cleaning and excessive checking for mistakes.”
• Made my christmas list v
Sheamus gets MASSIVE BOOS
will do sir. Best of luck to you in your future endeavors.
They need to have a "Where are they now? social network edition" so we can find out what Tom from Myspace is up to
Secret 2 improving cost efficiency 4 a small biz? Don't use credit cards. Use cash and keep more of your money.
I saw some friends post pictures of the shuttle flying over DC. Very Cool!!
Like it! Are you tweeting whenever a new submission opportunity gets added to the list?
Austin already came to Chicago twice so i don't think he's going to come again soon..
I do not intend to tiptoe through life only to arrive safely at death
Keynote time. Let the tweets fly!
lol I meant to add more to that it wasnt for "the girl".. But it was eggs, bacon, French toast, fruit and OJ..
How do I find the time to do what I need to do in all the areas of my life when not all of them have the same amout of passion!
Anyone have suggestions for a student teacher whose cooperating professional is critical, not constructive?
i got you i'mma retweet this on all our pages
well, it's all us fans have at this point
This week was very special - all recording is now complete for our next CD! Onto the magical wonderful world of mixing!
dear girls on my bus, talking about how you cheat on your boyfriend isn't something you should be proud of. seriously..
petition circulators tell me they've been asked to turn in all sigs on Action Fund #cabudget measure by Friday. $1.50 per sig
Happy follow Friday to all the Vegas locals!
I suppose every single other day will have remain the focus of CU's rally efforts.
Knowing and respecting your personal boundaries is essential to navigating busy times in a healthy, balanced way.
Is Beliema's job safe if they fail to make Rose Bowl?
Enjoying spring in Washington DC? Stop Foggy Bottom for a great lunch in the cafe; check out #QuikLine managing checkout process
and tweeting
this cute guy askd for my number today & right away evet asks me to tell his homie she said whussup. lmao, I love her.
The more i listen to you, the better i get in life, i cant wait to see you in chicago again, i really wanna kick it with you.
a trip to the memorial, then a flight home to CLE. Thanks for a perfect evening out in NYC!
We would love for you to come to our Fall Meetup in a few weeks. How can we send you all the details?
Awesome! Same to you man
Yeah, but true.
I know I'm not engaged...but I'm still going. to see #EngagedBaltimore A GIRL CAN DREAM.
Happy Friday! Great weather weekend-fun! Like it hot? Deserts will be up around 100 starting today. . . love that dry heat.
Here in Ohio they do 'poor' right: even the homeless people have homes.
OWS protests heard loudly today at RIT
I miss you too! Lunch date?
Getting arrested during Mifflin can have consequences on your academic standing, follow the law
excited about the awards tonight! Wondering if there's a # of the event.
#5000Th Tweet goes out to all of you who fuck bitches and gets money #ISeeYou #Swag Stop hatting on my twitter game
good times pool side yesterday ! Super hottness all over
Might I ask which one?
aye whatever happened to that singer "tweet?"
Thanks for the tweet!
so its just left like this?
I was born this Way! HEY!
how does it stack up against other programs? For example Full Sail? I am sure it is different and has its ups and downs?
all good bro, I need to set up a shoot with you a sap for this Throw Back Mixtape
Thanks for the suggestion. We are actually working with University of Nebraska Medical Center on contet, but not coding.
Even when we're down to the wire Babe. Even when it's do or die. We can do it Baby simple and plain. Cause this love is a sure thing . <U+2665>
My subconscious is sad.
John Carroll as not-so-reluctant revolutionary at
is playing tonight with Shit Brown Eyes and A Minor Revolution 9 pm... Come with ur #snow boots
; it just hasn't been your week, has it. D:
like what? (: RT- “: My plans never work out...”
Yeah oh well, life goes on ^_^ lol
“: I just saw an old school Matatu , these guys called it a "face me" #thikatourist”- AKA "where did I see you...?"
I agree completely. I enjoyed HG, I loved Freedom, and now I'm enjoying Game of Thrones.
I let you in, knowing tomorrow I'm going to wake up missing you .
And go to the gym
Like finger paint that was left out in the rain
and I'm proud to say I'm one of the dudes he follows but in a no homo way!
incongruity tag. patron using hand sanitizer and trash can dives.
Thanks AT&T for a signal at my apt strong enough for hope yet weak enough for hours of staring at my iPhone waiting for something to happen.
A baby bump?
Are you a submissive and need to talk to a professional Dominant? FREE 10 min. of coaching. Send email entitled "FREE intro" Now!
Our show at The Camel is tonight at 8. $5 for 3 bands. We will be making an exciting announcement during our set.
Did talk you into this? Remember, Fruity Pebbles are gluten free so there is always a non tile option
Also, the plot of the Israeli movie "The Band's Visit" hinges entirely on the lack of a "P" sound in Arabic.
I know! I wanted to before the holidays but life got too crazy :( I'm thinking sometime late January/early February.
Rainy gray day in NYC. Driving off with friends to the edge of the world...or rather Queens. Can't wait to Get back home to rest.
Saw #thewomaninblack last night. OMG AHHHMMAAAZING!
“: you lame.” Stfu you lame nigga
Today's education does not line up with the new job market and new economy in the US.visit www.engagemyfamily.com to discuss
you have an address I can send you a Dear Submarine cd to?
call me for all your PowerPoint 2003 needs!
I did have one. Now I have the Droid Razr.
The itch to ski got real last night, #MSP showed "The Way I See It" at Keystone and it was good!
Today marks a new beginning in my life friends
If fast food places delivered they would make way much more money !!
...as we wake or sleep, we grow strong or we grow weak, and at last some crisis shows us what we have become...Bishop Westcott
Join us for Happy Hour. $2 bottles! Take our shuttle to the game tonight.
Had a fantastic day today! Tons accomplished and still able to squeeze in a workout this evening.
Slowly coming to grips with fact I can't possibly watch every #UFC event. I'm no less a fan. But wonder if this fact does push others away.
Update: I never got around to pancakes today.
Facebook/Twitter fans: Come get your FREE SPICY CHICKEN SANDWICH all day today! Show this message to get yours.
lol very true!
Women r like iPhones. u have 2 touch them all over before they respond. Men r like Blackberries, rub 1 ball nd everything moves
#WantUBack is like my favorite song in the world ok
Thanks for the follow. Cool web site..
- re sxsw - when are you going to be there?
Everyone I love is going to be at bamboozle <3
Sustained #confidence is earned not given!
Come in and try a NEW exciting Wine Flight -
might have inadvertently discovered a mystery food allergy yesterday while eating a donut, but not exactly sure how to confirm this -lisa
I love wingstop Lemon Pepper is my favorite!!
So my last day at the State Departnent was today. I should probably change my profile description.
Author and Maine Humorist, John McDonald, joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow at noon! Free coffee & cookies too!
: thanks Linda :)
Mopeds are gay.
Why the rush? RT “: RT : "Gingrich expected to suspend campaign one week from today, sources tell Fox News"”
Wow that rumba to a slow version of material girl was unbelievable. Haven't seen two people have that much fun clothed before.
How old are you James?
Gotta love rainy days.. movie marathons are the best!
Hi Tiffany, thanks for the follow!
3 year old anya. Roach, I tell u, this is my house not ur house. I tell u to go home
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing - Eva Young
definatly not loll
i dont have a screen shot but... KEI / FI
What do you think will be become of Haifa, Nick and Ricardo?
Hungry. I suppose it's lunch time?
...this is...i don't even know.
Bored. Hookah and tv... to ease my troubled mind.
"A successful person is a dreamer whom someone believed in."
RT African Americans, who r 14% of U.S. drug users, r 37% of the people arrested 4 drugs, 56% of the people n prison 4 it
time warner ranks right below turkey bacon on my list of things I really hate.
ice and coco really love each other :) I like this show.
Hell yeah, the cellist who left you went to Portland, Josh Whedon!
Man that was awesome, today is awesome, sheesh guess life is just awesome.
ARTICLE TO CHECK OUT: in the latest issue of XXL gives a great run through of his current situation with MMG Check it out!
I did it! I bought my very first Mac!! Thanks to and for helping with the process :) ah!!!!
sad to say but it's true smh
I Really Want To Go To Florida , To Be All Up In The Sand & Ish .
I'll bring that up at the next meeting! If you guys put one together, I'm in!
Is anyone going to put anything funny on here?????
Thx to everyone in who came out to 2012 PD preview-if you missed it, you have another shot at Indy's sneak peek tomorrow!!
probably... Ohh I but tucked him into my sketchbook super carefully and made sure he doesn't get folded.
laksidd live now ? or not
When I receive feedback on my work that begins with "This is very well written," I feel vaguely insulted.
I believe it was John Clay Reeves.
Nothing lasts forever. Forever is a lie. All that we have, is what's between hello and goodbye
seriously they really are
No matter what I'am here for you.
Apparently #SDPD is giving tickets in childrens park for laying down. Regardless of attitude re. #OSD/homeless, there is a priorities issue.
You are very welcome!
life is a lesson , so dont worry about a pass or fail cuz the only thing that matters is if u learn from it all and move forward.
section 215 row P (:
thanks for the re-tweet..
you guys trying to hit the pool up today? Or play sport? lol
I confess, if they did, I'd buy the T-shirt.
Go Caps! May they stay on fire :-)
#GoTribe See ya in the pros next year UK. Now back to waiting for baseball season. Tribe home opener in 2 days!
reason to play for cal that's underrated; his best players play regardless of class and thus develop (& get paid) quicker
Up before the sun...must be gameday at Qwest Field...or my 5-week old is hungry again...Go Hawks!
Listening to the story of Mosaic Little Rock from is an awesome testimony!! Thanks for letting WAVE be part of the story!
Who thought it was a good idea to make a lead in a sitcom unlikable? #areyoutherechelsea?
Thanks Kenya. You are an awesome girl
why worry now?? you'll be safe
Publications review went well for us, hope other groups also enjoyed
hey, someone didn't come out for MY birthday... Soo I think I deserve ONE drink.
DUNGEON DRAGON!!!!
and we've lost vincent jackson.... ugh. what is going on?
Sure thing!
What an incredible production of A Lesson Before Dying - beautiful work, Profile. Thank you!
I'm not sure, but I think there's some sort of basketball tournament starting today. Maybe I'll watch a little bit.
Gotcha. So I was going to text you, but this is easier. Any interest in seeing Silent House?
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success. - Henry Ford << nice one via
Tonight was 8th grade all over again. But it was still fun! Love you and !!! <3
knows that if there is one thing she has learnt, it's that people only treat us the way we ALLOW them too...
Big Time Rush should pair up with Lil Wayne ..... lmao
local lattes... Oh my god.
highly recommend it
Thecore. Playing this Saturday at Meatheads on Sahara and Decatur. Badass show in store! W.Facebook.com/thecorepunk
Hey publicists and artists that RT every single mention - You're doing it wrong. STOP.
see you sexy individuals at Citrine tonight w/ open bar 10-12 and special live performance. arthur's name at the door.
it's tough losing your grandmother and older brother within a week and a half of one another...#workin to stay busy and to clear the mind
Our own is playing at Bottom of the Hill tomorrow night with Tom Morello and Jolie Holland
You never know what deals you may find when you network.
Is anybody else ready for ?? The lineup is back... Bikini Bowling, Jell-O Wrestling, and Bikini Bull Riding!
will you be my #nye #kiss?
YES UT football tonight that none of us can watch!! Well except Gary, if you're at the game let's play find the drummer! Ha
2 more days =)
Preach.“: I think Mean Girls should be a required viewing every year in all high schools across America for the rest of eternity”
you momma
text Sarah & ask she wanna come tomorrow!
nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.-- Thomas Jefferson
hahahaha. Why? You stalking me?
Thinking Rachael and I may go to Red Lobster at 8 or so
ik i was in shock too. r they doing this on purpose? hahahaha its that bad it's hard to believe its for real.
#kids Family Movies at Irving Valley Ranch Library, Sat, May 19 2:00p: Family Movies are offered each Saturday at 2 p.m. at the Valley...
Dear god NO. My mom still watches Dharma & Greg reruns. It angers me.
OMG AUSTIN IS COMING TO NYC FOR A CONCERT!!!
all work. Just no pesky men! Lol That's in NY
I just unlocked a badge /chicago for free chocolate cake caldo in Chicago! Hurry, get yours at www.kupoz.com/panecaldo
' I like to throw my phone to elements. See what kind of beating it can take. So far no phone has passed my "hammer" test.
love it!! Dad just walked in my office told me take the rest of the day off. headed home to chill then off to Nox then SA tomorrow for <ST >
Loving the open seats on the bus while students are on #springbreak !
okay i simply hate sore throat >:(.
dosent whip her hair no more lol
So agree! RT : This #McDonald's commercial is awesome
how was it? Did u go? Text me. Yes Irish pub was a blast.:-)
couldn't sleep at all last night. hopefully my car will be fixed by 10, got so much to do before work...
is it weird that I visit my own Pinterest page just to see the hot cars I have loaded on there??
What is that? Who runs it? Looks neat.
I guess the forgot these are just the friggin' Pirates!!!!!
Say no to drugs, cause if they're talking to you.. you've had enough.
Attack is a strong world ya'll.... Will Smith
#HappyHour is on til 8PM! Come see us ASAP!
Betcha love will make you better.
Grizzlies lead Clippers 56-55 as the 4th quarter of Game 7 gets under way.
why hon is it a special day or something
that mean a lot of ppl tlkn bout
can't wait to be in #vegas tonight!!
Sending you all #Gratitude #Blessings and #Love!
Watching on #GandB - she is so positive and such an inspiration. A role model for all women.
with your engine you would be a cross monster. keep an open mind for fall 2012.
true true!
I just donated to and so should you!
Enjoyed a wonderful day off with my daughter and we both got our first beautiful tatoo's!!!
Sup sexy, how's it hanging today
lol usually try to
and since they haven't come back from a 2 goal deficit after 2pds in more than year, those stunned pics will be of Pens fans
Now im listening to a little bit of all kinds of music no exceptions:D
Just signed up for J.Boye, looking forward to your presentation. Read S. Commons wiki, seems we face similar issues in Higher Ed.
Giants all the way (:
thanks. I would think that the major pharms keep this metric. Know anyone i could contact?
is going for a run because mia forced her to
"The Shark Tank is not affiliated with the Shark Tank the TV Show"
PR Observation of the day: Go with what you know. Do it well. Then keep doing it.
It's fucked up what happened in Chardon High School but honestly I sympathize with the shooter. Every kid who's been bullied knows why.
I was going to tweet that Gordon had a good AB, but Rex said it 1st. Now I'm rethinking it's accuracy.
Who Is The Father Of HipHop??
I almost forgot its the first day of spring to bad it ain't nothing to do
they all count the same.. Still early though
Ten minutes 'til Sports32 Weekly. Special story on golf outing to benefit MACC Fund closes out the show. Also, Packers draft, UW Spring game
#dalailama he's donning a Ucsd visor
Parents on the Social Network:MySpace,profiles had to be acceptable,Facebook,updates had to be lies an non verbal.TWITTER DON'T FAIL ME NOW!
you have something to look forward to tomorrow! haha
NO....YOU ROCK! XO J
Lets not forget how many 'haters' there were for Alex Smith last August. Now we love him. Same story coming for Zito?
RT <U+2766> "When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know... P E A C E" ~Jimi Hendrix
Thx! RT : Can't wait to eat again with you all. Always a treat to eat there.
You know those condescending Willy Wonka photos?..Someone should make one that says " tweeted you? ....You must be a big deal.
I don't think she came off horribly she came out as a women who's feelings were hurt she just needs thicker skin
welp...there's that
He's on the , too on 10 at 11am RT : #DaBlock we got posted up to talk about his 1st Annual...
love you... keep screamming this at the hill top...till there is no life left in you ... I do ...
Just learn from my mistakes
yay! Heading for first place!!
Why does my heat beat for you??? Why just why?
Anyone who calls himself a cab driver will have to pay me ten bucks a day. Cool huh?
S/O to for letting me do a 12 min set at Hai Bar last night. Hahahaha...
So sad the festival of colors was canceled. :/
Good how about u?
I have such a way of making people feel awkward, I love it.
converting avi footage is a lot more exciting when youre stoned.
ya butler, pa and he will leave late August or early sept. and hopefully be back right at Xmas.
I'm home still with an urge to call you. But you're probs still sleeping. Waaaah.
1. The P numbers were amazingly different than other polling in other races.
What a long but very very good weekend...
I have 7 guards/ wings who will be fighting for a spot in a 5 man rotation at those positions. Practice should be fun Thursday.
yeeeeesss, i know. -.-
I'm so jel right now. I'm at work and you're eating amazing food. Eat some for me!
Guess who just passed her PTCE? That's right, this girl!
They actually did announced a new Galaga and Pac-man, IIRC.
Watching myself on the price is right. Truly hilarious! Will post the online video soon.
Now I can't follow any one?! Anyone know how to fix this?!
don't trip... Aye, get ready for round 3.. We all tied
Major BroMance! Haha was awesome
Our Blissful Chaos: Carson-Dellosa: 75% Off Winter Clearance Sale
RT : When we invest in the arts, we provide cultural and economic benefits to the community.
Anyone have any suggestions about who to try for interviews with? (:
Because I own you! xD
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :))))
Considering you have to pay to change your GT it's not really free is it?
she got a boob lift and fat grafting to her ass I could use some a$$$$$
hahahahahaha are you serious!?
#UMass and #Stanford shooting below 33 percent in this one and well below that in the 2nd half. Chaz Williams really struggling
Tonight's the night! FOURtune 4th Bday Party for ... champagne, cupcakes, clairvoyants, and, of course, deals!
Going to orland square mall now.. OMGG. I miss you I wish that you were here right next by me.
My Outlook is frozen thanks to a damage charge mail merge. Can I go home now?
Sending positive thoughts to our good friend
Oh snap my favorite character from #WalkingDead showed up in the television series. Michonne saves Andrea. Show ends w camera pan on jail.
First week in the new digs was amazing. So much fun watching our students' surprise and delight.
thanks so much for the shout out, Elizabeth!
I've spent over $1600 once.
; rain, rain go away.
GSA: Washington's Most Durable Mess (Fortune, 1955) - Fortune (blog)
hi there! Thanks for the follow. I look forward to reading your weightloss tweets
True : If you don't like me than blow me
rightt!? I got so excited when she told me haha :)
“Make the customer the hero of your story.” - Ann Handley, Chief Content Officer, Marketingprofs
Right back at ya!
is watching "The Tillman Story." Outstanding.
be safe and have fun at prom! Text me pics
I'm so damn hungry.
If you think you're sick of Syd the Kid, get used to seeing him more after the OT goal. Gratz to Canada for winning gold! Babcock and Y!
Secret to success: care about people. Michelle Pallaa
I never have on matching socks. !
thanks dude!
Thank you so much. I am so sorry I just got this. I've been busy. Your mother should be so proud of you, dear.
Some people retweet the wrong things.
EFFING WOW!
If you don’t ask, the answer is always no
what's your user name
Bravo to Chelsea, they deserved it.
Spot on.
Finally my phone works again! :D
Excellent & inspirational bfast session this AM with & Gayle Danley!
haha glad you did too! the ATL in our name stands for Atlanta. haha
We think so too! :) Thanks for all the feedback! Happy Friday!
a tocqueville themed road trip, retracing his travels thru america, is that a thing people do?
Yeah, they claimed that as the original idea behind the iPad. Nice that the implementation is catching up with the marketing.
That's good :)
i wanna karaoke tonight and only sing ace of base, cranberries and four non blondes- i think i'll need a private room.
I can help! It's my expertise.
RT “: I just want affection and appreciation .”
I am the worst Tweeter, apologies for the long absence of material.
Ben had to convince the owner of the site that he wanted to work for him for free...
If you see a complete thing it seems that it is always lovely.
She's what you want, I'm what you need. I'm the drug in your veins, just fight through the pain.
Congratulations Rillo! RT : The #Angels have added former big leaguers Gary Varsho and Jeff Cirillo to their scouting staff.
I wasn’t satisfied just to earn a good living. I was looking to make a statement. – Donald Trump
I wanna make a new tumblr but I never post or reblog anything good anyways. My old one is full of stupid ishh. =\
Lol, we didn't want to ruin the excitement of seeing you on Friday. #divanight :)
lovely follows all!
": This storm that's about to start ... Eh"
that's good to hear sweetie.
Consolation Braket and myself are not in the playoffs?
Just got back from scouting locations for photo shoots!
Long IA conversation with librarian colleague reminds me that I have a limping, half-designed Drupal website just waiting for my attention..
i disliked jacob laube in 8th grade. then he moved. then facebook recommends us as friends. now twitter is tellin me the same thing... NO
We are glad to have here for #PTR11 ! - Thank you for your support! Love & support you!
Thank you for your tweet! We are so glad to hear you enjoyed your stay with us! Come back soon!
I happened to be reading about it When I saw your tweet. Just thought i would share there is going to be Avatar theme park
Sorta solved my "where to work" dilemma. Front porch! Not super social, but people walk by. Come sit a spell, PDX, if you can find me.
zomg, i love you. *pats bun*
#FLT salutes one if our generals,wishing a happy bday & saying thanx for all he's taught us,we salute you Pops
...BUT HOW DOES ONE FUNCTION?
Just voted for for Best TV Comedy/Musical Actress!
I know this is weird, but because my boyfriend always puts on the David Bowie, I have NO IDEA what the titles are of songs I like.
hey did you say something about a CD at ? Everytime I go on there I look...
. Funny. I hear ya, but his own words (85 percent) and Pierce is out there w/a MCL sprain and can't jump. PLAYOFFS!
i love the new cd!
Fuck you pay me what I told the bitch
i hate it wen your frds make you sad
Please be very careful until then and drive very little.
Hopefully he will look past all this and yeah :)
Just sitting here.. Yawn.
If winning is the key component to judging #sponsorship success, to quote Mr. Mom: "You're doing it wrong."
will you be at Food Truck Friday today?
Tan Towels are the bomb and much cheaper in the long run than spray tanning. Im obsessed.
Happy Follow Friday Jeydon!!!!! Maybe I could get a follow!!! PLEASE!!!!
pretty well! Thanks for following me to!
where is the Kool Aid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Ph.D. bouncer tames bar, woos doctor, cleans up town.
Can you find an advocate in your area?
look at a calendar or consider my profession....
About to watch a TV segment about the health benefits of #gambling. It'll be nice to know why I'll live forever! LOL
That had to be an effed up hit and run.
If you can't help your neighbors, at least don't hurt them-download- InSpotter app
As my students cram for tomorrow's final I am seeing a wonderful Magic Flute. Wish it was the 60s so I cld see this on acid
hahaha I will
Good-bye gray skies, hello blue.
Thank you. Somebody's got to do it!
its not lettingg me download it :(
lol when she try & do that ? smhhhhh
you're so beautiful
Thoughts become words, words become actions, actions show character, and character is everything.
There was a time i thought that i did everything right.
Today is FIU Day in Tallahassee. Pete Garcia, Coach Cristobal and TY Hilton are there representing FIU Football.
Boxwire BizTip: Be sure to always practice patience. Good customer service begins with you and ends with you.
yes dude. I stay in North Dallas and I would drive to Arlington just for those wings.
Surprisingly it only 5 min to order food
Make your "Short Circuit" fantasies come true with programmable LEGO Robots - First day of the "10 Best Days of The Bakken" Friday July 16!
i think so. it's trending saying that it is
sunday!!! Club 212 !!! Bunny Bash Part 2!!!!
That depressing moment when you have to go back to reality after watching a really good movie.
u too!
can I get a shoutout for my son, Preston. He turns 7 today. Thanks!
Me too lol
Word, Juicy J. RT : When sumbody treats you wrong or hurt you , you should move on & Neva turn back ... Fuk em
where can I see your portfolio? we're been interviewing UX designers for SnazzyRoom
That would be awesome!
Took my SAT today... Stupid tired now!
Just caught a typo in my script... "Blazers" was spelled "Balzers." That would have been embarrassing.
Can't stop listening to Fun. - "Some Nights". Track gets me going.
Happy Friday! :) <3
I have unsubscribed THREE times to your LB Outlet emails. PLEASE stop emailing me!!!
Tip #162: How many heads up matches can you win in a row? If you win 20 in a row it is time to celebrate.
Those who stand for nothing fall for anything. -Alexander Hamilton
About to start preparing for our first fashion show on May 19th. . .
With Verlander out of this game. Let's get back in this game #HatsForBats #TameTheTigers Let's go Yankees
Hello! Welcome to all my new followers!
seems to have some problems with videos. Both Hulu and Game Trailers are both unwatchable. Don't have these problems in Chrome.
to be fair, I had no idea when I tweeted.
Why I Gotta Err Thang. Yiu Want Cake
Kate Upton shows off &#39;Cat Daddy&#39; dance in bikini
Strawberry Swing - Frank Ocean. If you haven't heard it yet, go peep.
EVERY NIGGA WANT ME ON HIS MONEY TEAM!!
Thank you Bob, you make me walk out off my cave ha ha ....
I know I'm gonna be mad af when I see my bank statement for this month
No ones down to do shit !!!
Yes they should. It's a journalism thing.
What's good sir?
<---- needs to wake the funk up! Wake and bake that is...
I got addicted to chips after the last #blogathonatx and get them all the time.
James Cameron. So other filmmakers can make some money.
Nice poker session at Wynn last night. Time to get rest and then make some plans for the big weekend ^_^
You and me both, baby.
NCA reviews ALMOST complete ... but time for a mental break: Off to my last long-ish run before the Indy mini marathon in 2 weeks!
nah i dont,u just suck at life so stfu & get off my dick cuz ya bitch is alredy on it
Got on an earlier flight!! Thank God..
Wait. It's Friday? How did that happen?
That is our bias media at work and a POTUS that goes along with it.
great to see you!
That moment then your feet get all tingly and it feels like sand in your shoes
RT : Don't drive angry! DON'T DRIVE ANGRY!
Great show with great friends. Please check out #notourproblems!
Oh! I know what I should do! I'll watch Degrassi! xD
I don't know why I feel so nervous right now.
Donor Action (donoraction) thanks for the follow.
happened to me a few times other times hit record when already recording causing it to stop recording.
one day I'm going to steal someone's status, word for word, and see if they pterodactyl.
: Who is buying a #Kony bracelet? My daughter is begging me for one”
we'd Sept 14, going down!!!! Be there!!! The takeover, I'm Carolina for life!!!
ea.. def. not super personal stuff.. because people read it.
that would be a slaughter.
That's why we entitled our documentary "It's More Expensive To Do Nothing."
Saw tonight in New Jersey and got the new album. Just listened to the whole thing. I HIGHLY recommend it!
Was starting to get worried that all of 's tweets would be in Italian, grateful that some are in a language I can understand
#GayIsOk It is not okay that LGBTs still, still have to fight for that right.
Sent! Thanks very much! :-)
Wine with junk food - yea or nay? If yea, what pairings?
you're perfectc:
3 boys 1 girl, you can look it up on youtube
Key Q every org, dept & person needs 2 ask. RT : “If we weren’t already doing it this way, is this the way we would start?”
Thanks for the follow
great! It was much needed last night too! Thanks again.
Waiting on the dryer. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Youu? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yes, Sundays have been very busy! RT that many people out on a Sunday?
That's disgusting though, I ain't touching dead fish, wtf
thanks for the follow! :)
"Don't start unless you are willing to finish" - talking startup financing strategies at MIT
Ur not gonna b pills no mo
I agree with : "Congrats to my boys on their new album, #Changed. You guys crushed it again!”
& need our own reality show like T.I & Tiny. #Love&Hip-Hop
check your FB email.. Your gonna die laughing
Perhaps Mahler-purists will banish me, but I really really like Mahler 8.
lol you're so full of crap.
review week< I JUST WANT TO GO HOME
BREAKING: WI Dept of Justice now filing request for permission to appeal the judge's decision that blocked publication of controversial law.
wait, does this have anything to do with when said he's proud of you? lol
best line ever
Had a blast shooting The Actor's Network holiday party last night!!
nigga let me see her lol
My eye contact is overly generous.
This Tebow stuff is starting to scare me.
I scream, we scream, nigga we want ice cream!!!
Happy Wednesday and thanks for the RT
With today's reports, House District 7 and 9 in the Florida House have removed from "slight Dem" and put in the 'toss up' category!
I need to stop typing Hubot commands in Google. They've never worked.
I don't know what to expect of crowds this weekend. I want to see it again for sure.
I've got a personal twitter account where I use a photo. But here I thought WW with her fists were best for fighting FOX! C U later.
"10 Things You Should Know About A$AP Rocky" Number 1: It's a person.
“: I wonder which jail they gonna put him in ??? I know them inmates gonna be at his head”
Changed my mind I'll put up a picture of me haha :P
we can't wait man!
Twitfam!!! Help us gain new followers!! Please help #makechange and have your friends follow us today!! RT
Tomorrow around this time I will be sitting by the pool basking in the warm sun rays of palm springs.
oh man! I wish we were still open! I wonder if is too busy to deliver??
And they just KEEP on coming in!!! Testimonials!! Testimonials!! Testimonials!! Lowered Blood Sugar Levels!! Regulated Blood Pressure...
who at ur table
yupp it is! I got it on my iPod so we can listen to it in Spanish 2morrow :)
thanks. Big one tomorrow to advance to the Final Four.
Great Short Sale seminar @ the Ritz Carlton!
Jamming to a little Eddy J in preparation for the
you made those firemen's day with your awesomeness. :)
we have for some of our regular blog contributors!
#BackInElementarySchool i had around 6 friends...
Will be voting my butt off for !!
We're wrapping up our time at #AAM2012 at the Museum Expo, helping to celebrate next year in Baltimore. Another great conference to come!
My parents decided to buy a boat. My parents are almost 50 and have always wanted one.
OMG<333333333333333333333333333333 i WILL date a cowboy :)
ima just talk to to 10 or less
Secretary-General: "world has met the MDG target of halving the proportion of people without sustainable access to safe drinking water"
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
At the summit of Mingi Taw we uploaded The Megatome to the eternal safety of the whirling infinite.
both Ryan budget and Wyden-Ryan replace Medicare with a shrinking coupon. Both ruinous for #seniors on
nice wear it in great health
Girl: I'm still a virgin we were just talkin. Boy: yeah yo pussy was talking to his Dick bitch.
So...what's your weekend trail plans?
Thanks to Cheryl Ball for her workshops and conversations this last week. She continues to be a great friend of the Studio.
El Paso has a lot of great musicians! Don't let them hide! Support your local artists!
Well breaking dawn sucked. No idea why I think the movies will get better
worked out doing Pilates (pick your level weight loss pilates video on netflix)for 30 minutes
It's Cherried
That only works on December 22, 2012.
#GeorgeZimmerman charged with #Murder in the 2nd Degree! SP #AngelaCorey confirmed that Zimmerman is in custody.
4:30am. Bus of band kids barrels north in Canada. Exit's only missed by inches, but bus still flips. Four instruments lose their players.
At this Teach for America event, advocates the bashing heads model of pedagogy. Wendy Kopp demurs.
On set...made up...waiting...
Happy Mothers Day to all the Bearcat Mama's out there!
I agree. That kid is a fool. I think it all starts with Schwartz and trickles down. He's a baby so his players are babies.
can't wait to take you out at Hospice Care charity tourney in Madison!
GJPD: Semi loses its load at 5th St. near Riverside Pkwy while going through the cloverleaf. All NB lanes closed, only one SB lane open.
Getting cited for speeding,no drivers license,and no proof of insurance
Home in New York city, people!
not good. can you shoot an email to mohr at msoe dot edu? sorry abou that.
Lmao me & got a request to play something with French in it???
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf if you still get permission from your parents for ERRTHINGGG!!
Carrot Tops cousin
Welcome to Twitter!
Put God First....always he's always going to be there for you no matter how many times you mess up
Chicago is crazy. THE finest girls. THE HOTTEST SPOTS.
So they gonna keep letting Bautista take swings like that or they gonna back him off the plate a little...
Sometimes it's bad to think too much.
damn cutie, you know im L.A to the death! How you been?
RT The Florida Keys = America's kidney stones
U live life stress what u never heard of weed?
#monteball doing work on that #ducksdefense <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
If you think about it if Larry Sanders hadn't knocked Udrih's shot out of the basket...would we be 14-17?
Are you ready for #smallbusinessSaturday today?
If by shirt you mean body, then yes.
I hear ya. What are some good horn #newmusiccliches?
LOL! I got a similar request about making a print video and making it go viral.
All this talk of yielding and palfreys makes me wonder when someone's going to get beheaded.
Yo daughter b dancing crazy! Who she learning these moves from?????
What's Gucci my nigga
Morning calls from your boyfriend >>>
Thanks for the follow..
Mick Jagger and Foo Fighters on the season finale of #SNL May 19th. I likey.
that's funny, I didn't think treadmills and boxers mingled
Get out of my closet!
Haven't used it much yet, but looks promising.
going to eat some american food with ali! boy, i'm getting culture from all over the world today!
it's sprinkles! Who says jimmies?
Free throws are a fundamental part of the game. With that being said...FUCK!!!
I wonder which is better, Kindle Fire or iPad 2? Price wise the kindle is only $200, iPad is about $500. So kindle wins price wise.
My dream would be to meet and the whole crew
So did I! Although I must admit, it's my first. RT : Just ordered another sheet of stamps, woof!
I've met loren in real life
not feelin school so much right now---come come summer so I can make my money
Me, me, me! I also put it on Granny Smith apples.
I don't mind hahaha I was just saying.
Happy Halloween enjoy your tricks and treats
Currently listening to: "Knife" Sotelo - NORML ft. Chris Grace
give me a shout out please! i follow back!
Wish one of those was coming my way! Wasn't quick enough!
This account is so in active
"I have bigger boobs than an 18 year old" WHO CARES! Go sit in the irrelevance corner...
I'm counting my gummy bears and organizing them by color. Oh come on don't tell me you never did this..nom nom nom one less green bear.
I was crying for you to stop singing,you suck!
#ineverlearn convo's with the old man never end well. I try, but that Ego is a life saver machine in reverse; sucks the life out of you.
Hahaha you do have swag!
Happy Mothers day to all the mothers!
our boy of course. He was the only one that got good reviews on all three songs. He only murdered 2 of em though
Big sweep by to start the season! Won today 1-0 and 13-2 in a double header.
oh hello there sexy , i can't wait to see the #boyfriendvideo ;) counting down the next #3days, i love you!
air time that could be used to explain Obamacare to viewers.
Whoa. Tamara Banks is back at Channel 2? Okay, she's reporting on 31 right now, but I still haven't seen her in years.
Impossible is nothing...no actually it's Past Possible. If you dreamed it and u work for it, it is supposed to happen.
#nowcraving one of their Mexican Mochas
Testing Twitter to Facebook again....
Take a look at our new shows at www.collaterallive.com!
Have a great tour!
need to get me a copy!
ha. Like a moth to flame ;)
The days of being loyal to a company and staying 40 and 50 years, being offered stock options and a CEO position is long gone
o I forgot abt that too
I love skyping with crazy people.
Racism changes our set of circumstances. Immigrants don't have the same lived & historical realities.
Drawing is putting a line (a)round an idea. ~Henri Matisse
Damn it feels good outside. :-)
I'm trying to figure out how to get out of this disc golf funk!
same, how are you?
great word! Thanks for your heart and passion for God
About 3 hours drive
didn't you just eat the same thing yesterday or Tues? Ah the life of a hot playmate.
Working with myfavoritepeople.com right now to get the word out to more people that we need gender equality in all its forms NOW!
I don't see the resemblance lol
thanks, Anna! I hadn't seen that yet.
Good luck this weekend. !!
I would give up one of my kidneys to meet #myheroes [not a stalker]
Happy Mother's Day!
he'll be able to use that if he goes again ! Lol!
Looking forward to getting to hang out with Gray and Bella tonight. What to do? Pizza, ice cream, movie? Maybe all of above.
thanks for the follow!
Florida is a little too far from Philadelphia ... I'll be here in spirit!!! Hope it's a total success!
Live music tonight at 7 !
So, it sucks that my brother is sick, but I'm not complaining that I only have Maddy for a little bit. Time to catch up on some sleep.
Twitter beefs lol
Greetings in the spirit of Emerson to Whitman "at the beginning of a great career."
Didn't mind seeing favorite win; solid effort
Getting ready for another awesome day at the Market!!
Girl, we should talk!
im taking Rashad by knockout
French and algebra 2 classes feel like they never end D:
"All eyez on me like I'm ready to die..."
I am in need of a serious nap
- What's a disappointment?
Q6 Could a Goodreads & Co account be used for this? The assignment being to read and review so many books in certain genres?
Sonys are good computers I fixed a few before. I like my Dells now Mac they have there days can't run 7 programs at once .
Epithets ARE vile, but blind censorship not wise. Plus we've bigger racial injustices & more insidious coded racism deserving attn (3/3)
hahahaha maybe one day :D brb shower time (:
Boosting Right up Internet Potential customers Using Internet marketing Optimization Process
“Please don't go. We'll eat you up. We love you so.” - Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Good idea- gefilta fish sandwich between two doughnuts
Im gonna keep the big booty bitch one because its kinda funny
I need a secretary-bot to handle scheduling meetings with groups of people. Seems to take forever to do via email.
I don't know, I will look it up and let you know. Thanks for the question. I hope it does.:)
yes, I passed all my proficiencies! :D and got first place in our 4x100 relay (:
Critique the grammar in the notes you find them passing back and forth.
Finally finished in da booth hittin up the diner for pancakes wit the general
re-focusing...the post-era course
new to me reference Q: "Do you have any DVDs on how to pose during bodybuilding competitions?"
New thing, At the end of the Pre-Season/ Regular season Ill Say all Records. And Playoff Winners and Losers. And Pro bowl + Superbowl!
Wow. I Go Downstairs And Play My Guitar And Yu Think I Leave The House. -.- *1/11/12<3*
let me call him and check LOL
To recap: A pitcher who isn't who he claimed to be causes the Indians to acquire a recently traded mountain-climbing hurler from the Rockies
Your critical insights can provide the stimulus for change, n lord knows we could all use a little of that to keep growing!!!!
Our last 10 TICKETS to our grand opening are available NOW! Come to 2718 J Street for your last chance to get into our party
do you know who Rebecca Black is?
#RomneyYachtNames My Other Boat's the QEII
haha had to get some southern fast food chicken and sweet tea!
i have no way of categorizing my memories
omg yes! I love that movie, and channing m :) that's added to the list!
in the words of Brandy "AW HELL!!!!"
Throw it down big man throw it down.
it's going really well, 20k unique visitors last month and growing. Check it out to see where you can watch the Bills!
i love you im trysten will you please follow me
On the road to Rome, Ga!! Go Jesus!
it pains me to say this, but 's 'a wasteland companion' is his weakest and, sadly, totally underwhelming. back to post-war...
Kyoto Japanese Garden, Holland Park, London
Thanks for the kind words A.J.!
who would put their kid on Skype for porn???
not cool;I never meet the boys, but they seem like amazin guys.Either way there good people and you shouldn't start.
Pro social and anti-social harmful behavior is happening in these social environments. They turn to parents, peers for help
omg, what a great show!!!!!!
Everything Takes Time, Time Takes Everything
The captain can be a director, school owner or senior instructor
Lmao ppl be thinking they so important
Is he the guy with blonde hair? I like the mom ;)
My next move will be my best move, believe it
Where the boats go
nearly done wit ma project but I still have 2 do my maths
I know... had no idea. Hope his book will still come out.
So done with eveyone and how there acting. Don't be suprised if I call you out.
you are delicious mix of joy :D
it makes me laugh every time too! I look a little psycho!
So sad #Hollywood Young is over.But we'll see y'all tomorrow at #BTTR same place(NE 127 st and Us1) & same time (5:30-10pm)
jesus christ
Off for dinner... Xx
I'm missing my MJ at this moment :(
thanks for your help! find us on facebook and help spread the word =) we could use a good street team <3
"Justice is being distorted for political ambition," says Paul Pfingst re: Sweetwater. Mr. Pfingst, same could be said about Arlie Ricasa.
you're welcome!
RT #greenmedia blog looking god ... and tasty
patience... Working on that...
So much louder than words !
The Shelley House is believed to be the first reinforced concrete residence in Baltimore.
Nothing like a long drive rockin out to some #countrymusic by yourself!
Deadstock, never even put em on my feet.
Hear hear! RT it's a compliment. You cant be successful at this gig without unabashed nerdiness.
I cant believe im running late....ugh.
Absolutely crossed eyed after being on the computer almost the entire day!!
how do u get popular on utube?
on will be providing an Irish menu complete w/ wonderful recipes for all our parade fans! Check it out this Wednesday
If you just knew the things I've sweat for and the things I deal with daily and still stand tall with my back straight
All the PCC Operations Committee documents are now saved in Dropbox and synced. I'm trying to save trees. And my back (paper is heavy!).
It's ridiculous! “: RaceView image is fully zoomed. And BP is increasing. lol”
I don't think I have ever signed up!
president Obama you are full of shit there are still no jobs and people are not seeing more money in their pay checks bullshit
Happy Tuesday
": All day, everyday. RT : #spreadlove is what its all about! I feel that!"
I need to take sum pics of me.
Faith is not a delicate flower which would wither away under the slightest stormy weather. -- Mahatma Gandhi
We picked the Color Purple Winner!! Congratulations Agnes!! She won 2 tickets to the opening night & a $50 gift card to Mundo.
yea I don't think so either...
moving to NYC? yay! you are already my BFF in my mind. :) can't wait to see you perform on Friday!
Great, Grooveshark has ramped up their site video marketing. I guess annoying ads are the price I pay for free streaming music.
Lobster with white wine. With either Alan or Liam as the dinner date.
Through nineteenth century lenses, Plato appeared a rationalist. His mystical philosophies were considered weaknesses!
Hop over to & dive into family-friendly #Easter fun w/ underwater Easter egg hunts & #RedMarlin's brunch! Call: 6192241234
fat chance, that's her only goal in life
Never look down on someone unless you are helping them up
Wow, unbelievable RT You guessed it. Sky Blue Sky is 5 years old today. Seems like just yesterday and, somehow, forever ago
cool post, thanks for sharing.
New connects for production
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
“: Eww olives are gross af!” ranch!
Say Hello to everyone down at Pike Place..
check out the goods on Windows new OS "Windows 7" by Craig Lebowitz, Senior Developer at NGP Software and bicycle mechanic extraorinaire ...
All right the best show ever congrats guys
Dental Exam, X-Rays, & Home Whitening for $99 ($585 value!) from Vista Ridge Dental. Use code: FreeBeeSocial & save
if everyone likes what you're doing, you're doing it wrong.
It's funny that the only numbers phone saved were
Do we need drama to make a relationship work?
Hope you have a great weekend!
that is not the sign of a successful party.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> at the chili cook off looking right ;)
Any followers let us know if you'd like to collaborate on anything.
Hey there adrienne nice to make your acquaintance
Making the most out of this great sunny weather! Cleaning cars at the AstroJet Car Wash on 17th and Tacoma in Sellwood!
Omg borrow shoes of someone or something. Don't miss the effing party
Dogs in ads work! Sketchers #SuperBowl spot caught my attention.
Working on syllabus for 1st class I'll be teaching at UCSD-Extension--Making Personality Tick--Developing Character 4 creative nonfiction!
I've never see rain come down this hard in my life
Take control of your life through the choices u make, never try to control the others IN your life. It's not your place. Respect boundaries.
RT : Planning for college should not mean stressing about it--reframe the process to make it enjoyable./& retain sense of humor
Keurig + Hot Apple Cider packet = M
the wrong person went home on #dwts. It's a popularity contest. Gladys has a pretty big fan base. Should vote on best dancers
you're coming at me hard right now Commish. We are still out of NHL 12. Moran boy and I will get on that.
i'm recording around 8:00 tonight then off it goes to you! :) i'll let you know when it's sent :)
Do you work in Coral Gables?? Check out our Executive lunch menu and enjoy three delicious courses for only $17!!
Appreciate the RT
Party party!!! With my girls :)
I think the strike zone at Miller Park tonight is 10 feet by 10 feet.
A brake from writing for a wine run.
How was your day?
I'm not okay. I should not have googled that.
I have no clues what sunday night scene it...
some people don't see love even if their staring right at it
Lol your welcome !! See you Sunday! Better be ready to play some baseball. (:
you are disrupting my TV watching schedule with youtube videos!!! I did what i was told to do and stopped :)
he's amazing! So proud!!!
nice so did u win tonight?
Baking at altitude for the first time. This may end in disaster.
Pens are the new Caps. Great in regular season, win by out scoring everybody and then forgot you need D to win in playoffs.
Listening to REM may also help lose your religion :)
Driving around with one of those "Bumper Buddies" is the automotive equiv to coming out of the bathroom with toilet paper stuck to your shoe
love you Andrew would make my day if you followed me <3
daughter so excited for ur show--wish I was there but garage sale for Honduras beat u out :)
lol this is what happens when the gf makes me watch bad tv
My kid's school just emailed a Lice Log spreadsheet broken out by classroom. Grand total: 1 case. Too much info and yet somehow too little.
lol that's where I've been but I'm leaving today
haha I'll see you soon then ^.^
Playing around with the Arabic Twitter!
2nd soccer practice got rained out(:
Nora Guthrie giving an educational program on Woody's songwriting to a group of students at USC. Woody's centennial celebrations continue.
guess where I'm going in 10 days ?! NANDOS !
25 days until Graduation
There is still time to Walk a Mile in Her Shoes! 4th & K in dwntwn SD! Just $40! Funds support Becky's House!
Crumbling like a stale taco shell.
Lmfao!!!!!! Poor mosquito... Drinking his blood all lonesome lol
Kentucky Derby pick: I'll Have Another, from the 19 post
Hey and will one of you pick up some caviar for the pre-party and after-party? I have everything else covered.
#60Minutes did an awesome job last night on their report on #SteveJobs & It was an eye opening piece
Newscasters should learn history
Theres a lot of things going on at once
Some things I write I'll share with anybody, but there are things I've written that people may never see.
No question that the Predators are a strong defensive team, but people are dreaming if they think Gaustad is the missing piece
how are the #chicagowolves liking post game?
People come into your life for a reason no matter how you look at it.
A huge thank you to Erin Manian for donating $100 to the Junior Board team!
!!THE GROWN PPL TODAY SAY US KIDS DK BOUT LOVE THATS BEKUZ WE HAVE TEENAGE LOVE...YOUNG LOVE :-)
good! watching american pie wbu? :) x
Shoot me an email so I can learn more about the project you're doing.
Overdue #WW thanks to
yeah that's actually true...
When you're gone, the words I need to hear to always get me through the day and make it ok, I miss you.
Lets Go Yankees!! RT if your with me...
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. – Lao Tzu
on night stand is fun too lol joking!!
I'm going to have to wear the shoes to an upcoming happy hour :)
haha it was a miserable day no worries we're mostly happy : )
Followed! c;
That awkward moment when you called your teacher by tha wrong name ..
Mi.Keys this Friday night ! Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
back from italy having finally understood something
Hi Bella. Have an absolutely fantastic day .. and night.
I dont know i like all of them lol. you should make a nutella flavor~
. Combine passion with collections for a true participatory culture.
Cable loss has more to do with than just gauge. Our cables are designed to fix what's wrong with cable. The result? More Music. More Detail.
I spent most of my morning watching a bunch of their videos when I noticed a lot of them were On Demand. I miss MCA already.
Now Nelson Cruz can place his "boomstick" up the home plate umpire's ass.
If you haven't been to Soho Tea & Coffee yet then you have to check it out. It's a hidden treasure.
I'm not giving a fuck. But if you want me to give a fuck, then I suggest you say something more Interesting .
HI! You too!
First person to high five every band member gets a free shirt!!
First time riding the MARC Train! Already major accomplishments for 2012. I dedicate this one to you,
I see bro.
Playoff at the Zurich Classic and Overtime in the NHL playoffs.
What movie should Patti and I go see this evening?
it doesnt work...
Rehearsals all morning. Wango Tango all night.... -Britney
The Ace Parking crew at the US Grant Hotel rocks! Mr Hooker and his team are first class.
girl...I am not feelin this
I love seeing my country bumpkin rockin the cowboy boots!
where is Ralph going?
. satisfied cravings are always a good thing! Now counting down the hours until
you're bipolar.
follow back please?(:
Back atcha. Here's mud in yer eye.
Gettin it on this doe run
By your excitement I am guessing that is good! lol SO CONGRATS!!!!
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself
What remodel plans do you have and how can we take some of that off your plate?
oh.. season finales this week :3
great to know there's still a few potato-heads out there!
the tummy is happy. But my jeans are saying no more:) oh well, most breakfast food are just sugar in disguise:)
in all fairness, it went well. My stomach hadn't been good for a week, but was able to do my share and hold on for a sprint.
I want French toast for breakfast. That sounds good
I'll hunker with you, Kris.! RT : Hunkering down for the storm. Are you all hunkering too? Come on, hunker with me!
Twitter? Twitter!
Doesn't count it I do it because I live here.
Jeff Mirman from Turner Sports says... better content cultivates quality fandom.
I go to spend $1 and I end up spending $3. Damn it iTunes Genius Recommendations!
Have you ever taken a online course? Did you like it?
W.aolcitysbest.com for dining finds rocks...especially san Diego
Self-discipline creates personal freedom. Randy Gage
good luck!
Thx for the follow. Will shout out when were in The 'Ville next. Derby w/e must have been epic.
So we have a new song for you guys. whadda ya say? 2k? can we do it? :D
up early this morning ready to keep myself busy and do something useful. YahhYahh
Hey it wouldn't hurt.... but I'm sure you would be fighting for mayorship!
Michael Vick update ... Panthers, Packers and Ravens mentioned as possible destinations
hey sis i need a wake up call @ 6...thanks!
We do not have the money to pay teachers...let alone build a high speed rail system.
Can we please get a microphone for CIO comments @ the CIO discussion meeting? Big room.
Thanks for the follow!
Thanks for the RTs!!
Nice. Had one of those in phone-call form. Congratulations.
in other words, as Polonius said, "Brevity is the soul of wit".
AYY I SAY THAT :)
I guess cuz they cheap
y he even using it
just workin on hits too....we need to do some more magic!!!
we got experience winning rings with starters missing.
Impress your mom for Mother's Day w/ American Express® Simon Giftcard®. T&C's apply
yeah where IS Jimmy?? damn west coast.
"The quicker we can get to that the better everyone will be" -Fourquare's Tristan Walker on
So you're saying you saw the sign. Did it open up your eyes? You saw the sign.
Good Friday morning mi beautiful frens give thanks Fari for the coming of the day Jah luv...
Thanks for following
Enough of this religious fervor. Get along.
Happy New Year!
I clearly need a new group of friends. My current group is inept.
Bitten by the saving seat bug. Thought we'd all agreed on the 1for1 ratio. Glad I don't feel like starting shit.
Thanks for the shout out Danny.
Tough round to score. Carwin looked good early but JDS started pickin him apart. Got it 19-18 after 2 rounds.
I would include those, yes.
Started watching this movie for my english class and passed out only 30 minutes into it... woops.
Living to 16 years old in America and graduating High school is to be EXPECTED...they may get something when they graduate college
missing a great game w her face buried in her #iPhone lol
A lillte bird told me one of the Food Network crews and a truck will be @ the Pawn Stars location tomorrow around 11am!!
you've now been corrupted. Haha thanks for checking us out. Follow us.
#know12 Traditional approaches now dying: roadmaps that depend on extending monolithic investments (SAP, Oracle, etc.)
Geese are the fucking devil, evil little bastards chasing innocent little girls like me! :( nearly pissed myself! :(
RT josephdepalma Testing #CLEAR in Philly. Whopping .98mb/sec cap so far. <-- That's 10x faster than my 96kbps #ClearWire service in #dfw!!
Working at Ida dance today. Still submitting to managers- most I've gotten is everybody is tightening their roster but I'll find it
so excited. I definitely feel fortunate to have a community of friends/family that help me see opportunities I wouldn't see for myself.
IntelliJ ftw (main product by makers of phpStorm), but was using eclipse to try out a plugin for a new framework. never again
it's up to 54 for your picnic tomorrow!! yaaay!
Just finished an awesome meal at Arugula in n.boulder. try the paulistano.
Bring the beat in....
Mane i should be asking you that my guy
Its 4:31 in the morning.. What am I doing awake at a time like this??
beautiful moon!
yeah its AM and I have off Wednesday and thursday so ima talk to the schedulers next tuesday about that.. That's way too early
Getting excited about CITI's first Cloud-based datacenter. We're going with AWS. Should be launching next week.
RT At times you may think #Aquarians aren’t listening to you, but they don’t miss a single detail of what you’re saying
no - I'd accept in a second. Lololol.
I eat her ice cream and she ate my ice cream CONE!
Serving size of blueberries is 1cup? The package they are sold in is only 6 oz! What the heck?
u like these niggas and u was at my team yesterday? lmfao...seems like yo priorities all fucked up
Tweet to
what can I say
comments upon my sunday footwear saying maybe you should sit outside with a cup and see if any1 gives you money #sockswithc ...
#TeamFreedom is at the TownHall mtgn spend a billion on streets when people still cant eat
Georgia: Another state I've performed in. I could totes get used to this.
LOL Awesome movie clip
And we gone have a, good good night.
i really need to get out of this house!!
Back when crocs were big.
No the reason why the community hates boosting is because it ruins other peoples gameplay (FFA Boosters)
you just described my dream weekend
sign me up too!!
appeared the same night posters and chalk sprays were placed all over boston so it would be unlikely it wasn't some volunteer.
oh thanks a lot! Lol. Maybe I should've told I was pregnant, just to freak you out...
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Numerous showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Then a chance of showers after...
Barehanded Bryce Harper makes three-finger catch - Yahoo! Sports (blog)
"Close your legs to married men..." Gratuitous NeNe Leakes quote
Why is it "very strange" that someone would rush in out the rain? Why's the fireman gotta get wet?
So sweet :)
It's so weird how all of us live in the same state .. ! :D
Dude, thats sick(: once in a lifetime?? you'll see him a lot when you are his dancers(:
You're not so bad yourself! Thanks for the shout out!
Sipping your delicious Pinot that I brought up to Canada to enjoy with great company.
Yes my friend was smacking really loud. So i left the room cause it was pissing me off.
COME ON O-LINE!
GOTTA ADMIT.. That drawing is pretty sexy...#notgunnalie ;)
Happy mother's day!
i'm on the phone with and we can't keep up!!! My head is spinning!!
Thanks....I always feel like I'm missing something because I can't keep up with technology with this dial-up and no smartphone!
Always calm
Thanks for the shout out, #CircusMashimus sponsors rock!
Bummed I had to miss out on the game because of this final. I guess there was no need since Utah didn't show up either.
That's a lot of love..
Want to increase #twitter activity level? 1st conduct assessment. Who are followers? Who engages? etc.
“: trust me, u definitely dont seem the thuggish type lol”u sure I feel like in a different life I cld be a thug
most men belong in cages anyway. They might as well fight while they're there! ;-)
damn.. I looked all over my car
I'm falling apart.
Our mothers didn't condemn choices of others. MT : BristolPalin haters, your mother got knocked up. Such hate of mothers on left
Hey Brothers! You have great updates on Twitter :) Best of luck this semester!
Someone asked me out of the blue today if I am a minister (as in pastor). This has happened about 6 times over 6 years. Meaning what?
You + = An Awesome Combination // be there tomorrow at 7pm 9116 University City Blvd Charlotte, NC
Practice round at Southern Hills with STU golf team
About to check out 21 jump street :) let the laughter begin!
We are the oldest continuous running bar in Chicago. Since 1885. Marge's is located at 1758 N. Sedgwick (312) 664-9775 Come and visit us!!
if you knew how much I wanted you to cone to England, you might pass out
Of course, the first time in forever that Olathe has seen a tornado, I'm out in Manhattan. Not to trivialize their severity, but COME ON.
You're already on my list - am I on yours?
Thank you for following
Don't play lotto but just may buy a few tickets to nite n try to win sum of dat devil $ lol
hahaha oh yes! So what's new by you? Any exciting stories?
Good morning everyone and thank you to and for joining us!
We're happy if you're happy. :)
Imma have a project x type party this summer
The Reese Boyd Project is # 20 on ReverbNation's Rock chart for Atlanta!
Well, I am a whole new me now. Well, on Twitter anyway. How is everyone?
RT : The treasury is selling its AIG shares and Facebook is going public. This is what we call the top. Sell, bitches!
if u have a craving order green tea and a coffee, take a sip of coffee just for the taste and drink the tea. Worked for me.
lmfaoo. ugh she kills me. -__- of course I love her too though lol.
not being able to decide what picture of Eminem is going to be your next icon.
Not really sure why a #ncaa game is starting tonight at 9:40pm..a little late ya think?
was in your neck of the woods on tuesday. but alas it was after 4pm. alas. alas - next time in ashland...
Not in this instance. Wasn't that kind of a throw. And nothing compared to a 90+ mph pitch.
Romney comes closer to Obama thinking than others. Obama understands that you can't run a country like a business.
WHO DNT LOVE MONEY
3-Day passes to - worth at least $175,000 or something... we got 'em this hr #CommercialFree Listen.
Excellent. We'll have to grab a coffee or beer.
Never allow loneliness to drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don’t belong with.
Welcome! How are you, dude?!
One Direction <
Cory and Topanga's relationship.
So many articles about research going on around the world today! Happy Friday every one!
"Maybe that is our secret really." Plausible.
Bogans is on fire....
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm $140 ($125/15) buy in Bounty Tournament. Come play!
oh hope it's ok.
Cleaning out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I missed my college meeting... oopz.
she never told me what she saw... she has been pretty accurate so far. 7 more years! We'll see.
yes, im of the belief that medicine is often a less optimal way to nullify symptoms than attacking the root cause would be
When the things i order in the mail never come
ICONic GIrlZ are gonna be on ABDC 7 im so happy go girlz i hope they make it far like the Iconic boyZ
Waaah I feel like shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> think I ate too much
Baseball blogger problems: whether the word "horse shit" is one word or two. // adjective or noun??
There was a MNSpeak reunion? And I wasn't invited :(
cinnamon life?
yes does ur chair have arms :-)
lmaooo, thanks Julian for being concerned about my weight if i drink to many monsters, lmfaoo<3
Had a ball at Diane Von Furstenberg's show
“: Thanks for participating in this "Awesome conference"- Prosperity Works is happy your speaking in Santa Fe! #PW2012”
Absolutely willing to support a solid plan. Hopefully we are doing our small part as well. Time will tell, right?
Really wish I could see in concert... he is very inspiring and he makes me want to follow my dreams :) I love you JB!!
yo i cant go my mom wont let me cause im suspended and not allowed on school grounds
Demi & her on screen bf in her video give ur heart a break I think they shuld go out they'll look so cute 2gether
Looking at our horses while the #KentuckyDerby is on. Ours might sort of run if food is involved. But that's a big IF.
lol the only hoe i see is you buddy ;)
Yes ma'am! Putting some finishing touches on a new single next week... I'll keep ya in the know!
Ooh, and Armenian too, bonus!
Sweet! Looking forward to it. Linda's going to join later. Wants to meet you.
Thanks for the follow! That's one of the best twitter bios ever!
what a dick ! lol
like it when I have more then one active download... I enjoy watching them race to see who will win.
Now you can get your hard copy of IRV DA PHENOM' s new album "WHO THE F# IS IRV DA PHENOM?" today! only $10.99
will you let him know I'm gonna text him?
Hey ! Get pumped for Gossip Girl finale tonight! hahaha, you owe me after the 8 hours of golf this weekend!
I like how that KONY stuff fell off the face of the earth
Divas of Deviance TONIGHT!!! GET HERE NOW!! BULLETIN FOR FREE PASS!!!!!
Metro center, for everyone who missed us Friday. Opening around 11 with tacos al pastor, pollo sofrito, vegan yellow squash, and Barbacoa
In bed well bed one! This is kinda amazing!
Need to come to Atlanta so we can hangout!
15mins until I am off work then I have to study for a final exam. Boo!
retiring my first pair of yoga pants from running wear because they are TOO BIG! yeeeeeee *doing a happy dance*
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.Henry Rollins.
RT the gentlemens wager sounds good to me... I got the Spurs you got OKC... > age vs youth I'm down
#thatbeingsaid Happy Friday!
thanks! I'm so glad I'm uncut! Ha :D
dang I bet that sucked. How's your day going today?
I don't care who, when someone is unjustly rude to a waitress I instantly and forever hate you
We are on break for 5 minutes and will be reviewing application #130187 - Aaron Steele next.
If I could reach up and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, the entire evening sky would be in the palm of my hand. ~ Unknown
nice...I wish I could say the same. Mine is just getting started, but I'm good.
We are bout to fuck shit up tonight homie!!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry for the reposts! I was using the wrong hashtag.
haha my seat in hell was set before I was born .....its sad how many people don't know they will be right next 2 me >;)
AND they'll pay us!!
Protecting the environment!: Deforestation can keep wild animals ...
Wow. chew. In choir...? Your cool like kool aid
Thanks, Katie, I'm so psyched for new writing projects with someone who's excited to work with me!
Our discussion is tonight-6pm, 103 Orchard St. Join Appetite City host Bill Grimes & historical gastronomist
see whenever i meet a celebrity, i don't cry like most girls do. i almost throw up and feel high. :D
Air-conditioning season is upon us, Call 617-792-3350 for your A/C Need&#39;s:)
I've been at this size for two years. woke up and my left is blown out the back. Fucking crazy!
Haha well I don't do friends with benefits and not having any luck with relationships so I'll just have to live with it. ;)
“: X ” All day! Being the best person you can possibly be & bringing up everyone around you. It's the only way
It def can! RT : Education. Education changes everything. RT what advice would you give on obtaining a better life.
My momma tells me my fat stomach is the parking garage for what is below it
where/how long?
loving this power 96 mix.best ones on friday
why do arts marketers always speak negatively about devo and vice versa? Stop the hate people.
I was thinking your hot Italian prom date but my brother works too, lol.
yea but never drinking and flying my man!! Way to dangerous!
im so nervous for tomorrow. im not gonna eat.
Merry christmas
you wanna see ignorance? Randomly ask ten of them when the next city election will be.
Just now waking up, about to go eat and prolly go back to sleep!!
This song comes on everytime were in the car !
It just isn't working out.
i don't think of it as problems... lol... The more the merrier
i hope i fall asleep and never wake up. goodnight
How much bullshit can one person take?
You got it bad!
I Miss Him Already :)
Will you be at work late?
Interview at Arthouse earlier, tonight, tomorrow
Watching in the diversity panel at
PLANKING!! WHAT THE HELL IS THE BIG DEAL WITH PLANKING!! TO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS IF YOU ASK ME LOL!!
Are you an #experienced #digital product marketing manager? Tweet me with your #twesume--let's chat!
Particular book you are looking for? Check store stock at Commongoodbooks.com & reserve or order online.
Not available when login; denied of access by Four Square??? Is it Open access that we are promoting???
how the hell did you get lindy ruff?!
no need to explain MIke those who loved you before are still loving you now, and thats all that matters.
its so big!
Sad thing is on tour you barely see anything. Always gotta hit the next city.
my digital identities in a nutshell: one tweet tells me i made 's Top Momblogs, another sends me a Zizek article.
N Judah moving a swift 0 miles per hour.
as usual I'll keep ya'll posted. If I do I'm dropping a freestyle on each topic. Lol
not yet using www.SpellingCity.com but liking it a lot and will share it with others. Thanks!
yea didn't think. You were shy could tell from your picture lol
Agreed! Its like my new favorite candy. SO good.
Ugh so sick. <U+E40C>
To whoever likes to spread ugly rumors about me to potential roommates, thanks a lot. Whoever I owe money to, raise your hand.
'no vuvuzelas before i have my coffee.'
Q4 Why is the outsider perspective - mentioned in the book - so integral to creativity? What have you learned on the fringe?
Line up is not complete but heres some that are gonna be there ; A Loss For Words : Bayside : BlessTheFall : Chelsea Grin(cont)
Many congrats to for winning the competitive undergraduate research grant at UT Dallas. Way to go!
My mom tried to warn me about real life shit but instead I acted like she didn't live on this earth over 40yrs and knew nothing. WRONG!!!
Sometimes u gotta cut da bullshit and get str8 to
yes you can :)
RT : #CharityTuesday || Retweet a nonprofit, any nonprofit! Here are hundreds to choose from by category: /lists
OKAY IM JUST GONNA PUT IT OUT THERE I THINK YOU NEEDA PUT #SAYSOMETHING ON ITUNES LIKE RIGHT NOW #NOJOKE #bestsongever (;
good morning tweeps!! What tea should I start my day with?!
exactly! someday, maybe I'll go through them and write a little summary so I don't even have to click through to remember.
I'm pissed
And it doesn't really matter if you break my heart, just as long as we're together and don't fall apart
You look at with digust like we didn't come from the same motherland
ughh ! Im starving too but ... food is taking forever to cook ;P
It's our FINAL Wednesday at the New Day Center tomorrow, come dance w/us!!! 5:30 beginning, 6:35 palmas, 7:10 advanced
SIFstudio Sculpt your body, challenge your mind and change your life! www.superimpactfitness.com
. I'm going to our a glass of wine. We could be here a while. ;))
COMMONS: On that note, Zotero will be browser-independent in the future.
Look what he's doing with a team that arguably has less talent than the current Colts.
an iPhone App is in the works. :)
Appreciate you bro...and yeah you definitely are a minister...going over your time...lol
RT : Happy Mother's Day x2 !!!- thank you *hugs*
:) I'm glad you are having a great time!!
hi me and my family are leaving chicago now to come see you guys. I cant wait to see you
follow mee please austin :)
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
RT : Help IC win $1mil for efforts in Uganda & send an extra $100,000 to Haiti. All you do is vote Http://bit.ly/7OQalM PlzRT
I got a great friend in a very high place..
Never been so happy for 50* weather! Seems too good to be true...we better not see another snow storm!
JB I followed
and naturally have the street sections be paved new where the houses were. Makes sense. You're welcome ;)
I am so happy right now! I knew from the beginning was gonna be final 2. I just wish was with him.
We need individuals to promote our website.The pay is $500 weekly.THIS IS NOT A SCAM.Send me ur email address for details
We walkin handnhand, barefooted n the sand, keepin it a hunned, never lettin bs hit the fan.- "The Real in You" KB ft.
how was the boat party?
Great last live Wednesday show of the semester with hosts , , and correspondent Mary Rachel!
I should probably start using #voxer more a lot of people have joined since I downloaded it
What do I do I'm so sad
Depending on combine workouts in Chicago, could be a top 5 Draft choice the way he's turning national heads.
Hittin up dominos w/ my bro
Wow. That's some incredible bartender powers she has! ()
Ture hockey fan, you know it! Aways have been! Miss ya too! Hit me up the next time you guys make it up this way.
i was talking to my mom about juz10 before and she goes "audra, don't lie. you know you have a sexual attraction to him" omfg
Awesome. Thanks so much for the update Adam. Let us know if anything changes. Safe Travels.
Do straight men go to the opera?
I think my email is getting hacked. Murr...
Splurge Gang is copyrighted & trademarked, We need you to stop publishing music using our name or our lawyer will be contacting U
Dear Ladies: #FACT You can lose up to 12+ Lbs using this one odd trick WITHOUT diet or exercise
lol so mean
Quote from a friend today: "I tell you when you're being a jerk, I should also tell you when you're being awesome."
I loved the episode! But that CANNOT have been Rachels only shot. No way.
would that be a skinny fat lip? #H rules!
Got my KBS at Alchemy. Very good. Smooth, but hotter than I expected. ... And I'm told the keg just kicked.
my last first day was last wednesday.
Follow back? (:
miss u guys too!!!
Just got done shooting BTS footage of stunt training, getting ready for some upcoming videos! Great Job tonight JENNY ZHANG!!
I might have to pick that up, can't wait to see those gorgeous pictures!
Pretty impressed by some of the temps in NJ. Lafayette up to a scorching 94 degrees. That's more than 30 degrees above normal.
Smokuh duh weed and get to duh highh.
Take London by storm tonight. It's not just for you. It's for me, too. x
Nothing like he did and if you disagree you weren't paying attention.
yes madam for now... But I'm going to Florida by the end of summer... What's new on your end
I know lots of girls like that! That's all high school pussy shit, all talk no action. Gayy haha
oh that's not much of a concussion. Lucky
so... what? trade down if you have #1 pick because A Davis probably won't be all star and have finals win in the same yr?
oh dear hahah
I no money will never lie to me
Notice me some day ? (:
YES! Look forward to seeing you in EPICENTER OF AWESOME!
Attending a great Jeffrey Gitomer conference.
At least at your house you could keep me warm
Green beer and good luck
gotta love vacation - a great time to enjoy life outside of work & change things up... next time!
I am glad to hear about the Central conf, but am interested in hearing why you do not find hope in our large churches
NO MORE RAIN!! Spring weather for the rest of the week!! YAY!! :-)
is the best. end of story :)
Come one, Jennifer, let's dance to this slow one. #dinnerparty *whispers* you are showing too much leg, honey.
you're welcome :) it takes a good father to actually man up and take care of their children.
Wow! Josh Hamilton saves the day!!!!!!
CALLING ALL HOES :) the only time I call upon you is to see if my bf is a cheating bastard ...
That'd rock. Thanks man.
There is no point in being mean to you, you will get your share in high school.
They're so sweet!!! oh my gosh! haha I wish i could be friends with them.
I do not like when my touch. And no matter what it is, thing or person.
question is who would they compare the prez too...
Random food poisoning on my day off. Nice move stomach.
I can't get over the size of Joel Anthony's head.
RT if you worship satan Favorite if he is your BFF! OR KEEP SCROLLING IF YOU LUVVV JEBUS! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Watched the Owl of Gahoul last night.. Great bedtime story!
Sucks to be you!
celebrating the return of my mojo! New show in the works.
Missed what was said, but I'm a fan of praise. Thanks Scott! Appreciate the mention.
I have to be unemotional for us all...
Good to hear! Why so excited?
Looking forward to meeting you and the rest of the team at SMC-DC HH.
Ehh. Just not feeling it today
I won a prize at the raffle -- a framed map of the Grand Canyon
she knows about your law&order addiction, and approves
I love watching Cake Boss while I'm baking because I feel like I'm working with Buddy and his crew.....lol :P
Not wrong at all. She's pretty loveable.
ok , i guess this is the only way to keep in touch . :)
We don't need no water. Let the mother fucker burn!
If this bitch doesn't shut the fuck up with the clapping & singing, I will kick her ass.
On way to , walked right past me w/ his guitar. Midnight #SXSW starts now.
an excerpt from "Diary of a house cat"
When old songs come on the radio that I love >>>>
salt lick has the best bbq in austin!
Buying the GBPUSD? Here are Two Ways to Do It
Gym with Jen :) time to lift
88 degrees today....already know it's going to be a struggle to keep the focus
hahah then there is no doubt tht i will find someone..YES!
: you are precious!
Me to....": Opening those stupid vac sealed plastic wraps that even scissors have trouble with - #HateThat"
We do have an RFID system...just no wand.
at some wierd chinese restaraunt, and you??
#ytp [YTP] You need a job?
Don't tell me something & let your actions speak different.
Good call. That'll be quite a way to sum up your career.
Just a place to rate movies and stuff.
Super Moon!
A happy biz partner -Dear Awesome Aquila Travel Team. You guys are amazing! Thank you for being so great! - we love making people happy!
We'd like to wish Brent Florence of #Remede a very happy birthday!
um anyone know what the front of anna faris' dress looks like? i can only see the back of it but i LOVE! it looks like a fossil fuel!
Got bit by spooked dog being walked near office. Got scared by street cleaning crew in front of me that I was passing near dog.
Herbert, Marie Win Pirelli World Challenge Touring Car/Touring Car-B From Miller - PaddockTalk
I think Blue Eyes by Cary Brothers is a damn pretty song.
At the top 20 to watch reception. Great people.
Justin doesnt have an older brother, an besides nothings gonna be better
Pls keep #SanDiego in your prayers. We have a college community passionate 4 Christ & new church plants working 2 meet the need
Facts do not cease to exist just because we choose to ignore them.
Today is the 25th anniversary of the opening of , an icon of Austin dining. Congratulations!
Seems that if you can say Prince is your neighbor, it makes your house worth more than saying every home is beige.
no problem:) I'm good friends with Megan.
That awkward moment when u knock on door and youu spin me right round is playiing repeat and full blast
RT : The baby off of "toy story" gives me the heebie jeebies.
Darn you Pinterest! All I can think about are snickerdoodle cookies.
This isn't the norm, but I have decided in honor of mostly Derby Day and a little because of Cinco de Mayo, I will drink my dinner tonight!
Think I'ma Take All My Friends Out Somewhere .
Just saw someone who was so into the cause for #movember that SHE decided to keep the stache for December too.
At the new Cafe Caturra in Arlington, and it is awesome! Best crab cakes I've had in a long time, and great wine selection.
I was obviously kidding. But he has torn ligaments in his wrist. If he can be fine for the olympics, then sure.
I bet Alex, Robert, Zach, and Tyler miss him alot
Hi Everybody! We Are Now Open from 8 AM To Midnight. Changes Will Be Made Soon To Our Site.
Going to the tonight with
That's an America built to last! ~ thx for borrowing a slogan from GMC- they went broke too.
Go to www.watchnhllive register and gain access to all the hockey games you want and need live online just register and enjoy the games !!!
got it thank you sir. I will check out that book as well. Thanks buddy
workingg til 6 and then off to run mayhem in midtown with
No prob! RT : WOW! thanks for the tip.
Spent the morning w/ the youngest of my 2 angels
Hahaha, I know! and I were talking about this earlier! On this episode of CSI: APA!...
Here is what bothers me about Chunking Express. California Dreamin is used like a blunt instrument.
Blast last night at Jared's Jokers ! Thank you to all the comedians and audience that came out to enjoy the Spectacular line up
Hate waiting.
enjoying a beautiful Monday after SXSW in Austin Texas.....looking at tweets....
Most merciful thing has done yet is save us from having to hear any more about him. Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Thank you for being yourselves...and saying true to your highfive tweet from a year ago :D
Did you know CTL can offer instructional design guidance and help get your course loaded into Blackboard? Contact us today @ .
i already vote like 20 timeslol
Have an idea for an education blog? Would love some more guest bloggers/Posts at Always Prepped! Especially from teachers!
Thank You RT : Just be you ..
I saw a story on 'Brown Babies' and was confused. Because growing up in New Mexico we were all brown babies by June.
good luck! It's sucks!
Getting brighter in the mornings = before work lake time. Soon.
I'm not sure if theory of leaving her car out for a clean car is going to work but mine was nice nd dry this morning (:
Welcome to the #SEC #MIZZOU!
What you have to ask yourself is, "Why am I doing it?" and if the answer is "For love," you can never be wrong.
Not sure why so many people are surprised about the Bears taking a safety. I considered that one of the top needs that wasn't getting talk.
the more services I add to twitter the more hellish it seems. not a fan of tweetdeck.. so it's all web for me
follow now. 9
Doggy wants this kitty bahahahahaa lol. I needa stop seriously
Streamed.in is pretty awesome.
Listening to call me maybe while doing a lab in chem
Haha you crack me up, Jamie.
About a million alot
lmao I'm slow
Packers up big at the Half woo hoo God is Good just so blessed to be here!
“ I am teenager. I have a messy room. I spend most of my time online. Go to bed late & I'm crazy about one person.”
I need to be more assertive! Get out more and stop being such a ghost.
Who is in pre-season training right now?
there are 1 or 2 internet firms here in North Carolina. Do you have any clients with interests here?
atleast your gonna be there! but yes having good seats is always good.
Don't call for the next two hours - we're heading out for our annual holiday lunch!
My sister over here got a workout dvd and her big ass jumping all around
nothing lasts foreverr
He says "All I want is Money, Pussy and Chicken"
A stranger is receiving pics of me modeling 3 dresses. Can you say: SURPRISE! I thought you could. Hope they aren't driving.
I have such a crazy job, I really don't want to go, and put up with all the crap, but oh well
glad you enjoyed it! Was it what you expected? Or something completely different?
I love how people on twitter think they can bribe their followers to follow other people by saying they'll get them more followers..
To me, it says that they're not confident that they can make a $60 single-player game that holds everyone's attention.
Fangirling in the middle of Hard Rock over my babies being in Rolling Stone...
"Hi Carianne! I was just having a conversation with you in my head." - excellent way my grandmother answers the phone.
cant wait!!!
So calling me a bitch is gonna make it easier well it's not.
The Dark Knight Rises - Release Date: July 20, 2012. It will be cool!
I'm glad that NBC's "Parks & Recreation" got Renewed for another Season. Not happy with NBC's "Awake" being Cancelled.
Reunited and it feels so good... I LOVE MEGAN SHIPLEY!
I always love the interesting conversations I have with Apple Store patrons. This guys computer almost blew up from a lightning strike!
www.nashvillerescuemission.org Help Nashville's Homeless (children are among the homeless helped by this shelter)
can i be district 78 with my sister
Watching the Walking Dead final. Tonite
Ima go on a bike ride.
The House Of Falafel Food Truck will be serving. Lunch at Lenfant Plaza tomorrow ;Tuesday 9/05/11 See you there. 7th and independence SW
Now accepting recommendations for #AMAMilwaukee Marketing Technology Roundtable guest hosts for August event.
came across your blog & LOVED it. Very informational & insightful. Have you heard of espace's ultimate wedding package?
Welcome to Twitter, Willie! Alicia Kramer sent me...lol!!
RT : When #SCOTUS hands down ObamaCare ruling, recall Pelosi said when the Court speaks, it's "almost as if God has spoken."
contest tweet
How is it possible that my flight from Houston to Dallas to Lubbock is cheaper than Lubbock back to Houston?!
28 Days until buffalo chic salad at kick. chicken. 28 Days until opening of The Elephant in My Closet 28 days til
No, I don't tweet everything does. The is here for more personality and conversation. I hope that helps!
"Whatever" is the laziest word of this century
Prioritization is a key aspect of budgeting. Each area listed is important and has a valid case to receive resources.
lol hey someone was asking for you but I forgot who lol
lets get it
Feel the bandwagon getting lighter.
"Actions speak louder than words, so sometimes you just have to believe what you see & forget what you hear"
Drunken philosophical conversations are kind of funny
dude the Beach Boys are STILL ALIVE?!
Be about that life and ride with me til the end
No problem! :D And thank you for following back! We enjoyed reading the interview, you guys are awesome!
Happy Birthday Jason Hart. We love you!
oh just cuz.... And you have some nice music.
ok bet keep me posted... What's the numbers? Is there a fee?
thank you :-)
Tea and coffee with :)
Be careful, spooning leads to forking! LOL
Merry Christmas from The Orphanz...
Thanks for the RTs & mentions this week!
yooo! No I'm not high. It was a small chick fil a, only two people working there, but nonetheless it was open.
Hey this is Josh from HURT's new band! RT and follow!
Its ironic when fat chicks cake on make up.
Time for steaks and martinis! Perfect grill weather<U+E00E>
No north Carolina. No.
Not online at all :<
Steven Tyler's fiancée is 38. He is 63. Long live the May — December romance!!
Doesnt understand why some people think they absolutely need a girlfriend/boyfriend at all times.
Serenading my mom with "love on top." She thinks I'm drunk.
Watching Clippers vs Spurs
your more than welcome
Wanna know what I value about #NASPA? The incredible responsiveness to issues of social justice by our leaders.
It's $14.99 for tonight's show, unless you mean a Ringside membership then it's $8/month.
Hurray! In the future will you be videocasting muppet-ized interviews as well?
How do you know where you're going if you don't know where you are - or why you're here?? Find your light, ladies....find it.
follow me. Then I'll follow :)
I'm the one that can keep the promises .
It's Swiss Chocolate Almond lol its yummy!
Take A Quick Nap!!..
Catching up on yesterday's 's #30clubsin30days and I remember why I love Randy Wolf...
Just watched Joseph Kony's documentary JASON RUSSELL 2012. Come on America, let's stop this guy from getting high and jerking off in public!
Not particularly incidental, but THE LAST BOY SCOUT isn't a sports movie either.
If this outfit doesn't look cute then fuck it, I quit wearing clothes.
Great spinning class followed by a 5 mile run...see ya 900 calories!
Yup. RT : Sucks how golf is so boring without Tiger in contention, doesn't it?
And therefore we can scientifically conclude that yes, bitches be trippin'. <U+261D>
Thanks for the follow, Tim.
My favorite flavor of Popsicle is dick
some times i want to run and run as far as i can
- working!!! Lol! What are your plans this summer?
Getting sstretched out on the rack!
already checked it out :) Great job and thanks for listing us as an influencers!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
So many new pics of Paul and his adorable grin, just leave me here floating in Wesley heaven
Whiney Houston dead at 48; CNN reports J.Hudson to do Grammy Tribute to Whitney tomorrow nite (2-12-12)
Thanks for sharing! Hope you have a
Robert Mapplethorpe '50 Americans' exhibit at Sean Kelly Gallery thru June 18 www.skny.com
goodo i got that and a £40 blazer for last day some shorts and vans and grey shorts and a bag or lunch box whatever x
Theres a tattoo shop in NYC...on Avenue B.......
The last show of the year is Dec. 20th at Soda Bar in #SanDiego Hope to see everybody there!
Found an awesome way to reply to everyone on all my accounts so dont be shy to mention for a conversation ;)
Thanks. Relax. I was impressed that you seemed a prolific tweeter. Following is easy and I never pretend that I see all posts!
should really give us tickets
There are lots of #TIDU. Will gladly add to your list .
"The homemaker has the ultimate career. All other careers exist for one purpose only -and that is to support the ultimate career." C.S.Lewis
Please, #CBS cameraman don't put that fat guy with his mouth open on my tv again
TODAY: "Sunday is Funday" in Rio Rancho! Free fun, cheap food, tons of booths and games. Noon-4, Loma Colorado.
shout out to u guyz r amazing
I am ready to give up my Chaplin for adoption, her barking chihuahua is taking over.
Two #2 seeds loose in one night. Awesome
Thanks! Hope you'll sign up for our free newsletter!
There's a temperate zone in the mind, btween luxurious indolence & exacting work;btween laziness & labor,that summer reading belongs-Beecher
amazing interview with Bill Walton Im in awe of his ability to make his words something you not only hear, but feel!
Halloween candy < the best snack everr.
Turner revive lounge is awesome! Great food, cool peeps, and you can pitch to their media accelerator.
Best part of visiting my aunt in OKC is doing physical therapy...twerked out my sledding injury from Christmas!
#NeverShouldYouEver give up on something you didnt accomplish !
yeah me too!..thanks so much
All State Guy vs Morgan Freeman who is cooler
How is it possible to get goosebumps just THINKING of something?? :D
i can't connect to netflix
sort of twinkling red and orange.
#epic. Watching old greys where Callie's flash cards are legendary among the interns. Now new Grey's are using them with Callie 4 boards
Introducing a new grass seed at Lowe's
LMAO RIGHT!!!": If you motherfuckers dont stop tweeting me emojis knowing damn well im working with an android... >:/ lol"
oh yeah 10pm news
spread the word the site needs 60$ of donates to reopen
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
Baseball! MT : After watching Zack Greinke strike out side in 1st, plate umpire told Brewers manager Roenicke: "Zack's ready"
I am green with envy.
Six Time under 21 thumbwar champion. Known to have "hands of an angel." 5.2 forty time. Great flow. Will work for hot dogs.
you're watching The Pit?! I love that movie and all it's pre-adolescent, pscyo- sexual horror! Crazy canadians...
Step 2: Get your first followers. Define *why* you are doing it and *why* folks should care.
we can start coming up with ideas now for next year's competition.
I thnk you'll like them Tom! What color would you sport?
"patterns and perspectives" exh in full swing-- come by the FMoA to check it out! Feedback from visitors is vry pos. to our perm collection!
trying to get #GiveObamaCreditfor... to trend. see what you can come up with.
we love all of the guesses...looking forward to seeing who the winner is!
Movie recommendation is Forrest Whitaker in "The Crying Game"
sounds just like SYD-SFO all over again
i slept till 12:45 today! woke up thinking it was like 9am
I'm at church with no dinner and there wasn't even left over communion bread in the freezer #pkproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
The keynote has a HUGE line and is being simulcast in a bunch of rooms that are virtually empty and much more conformable.
Whoa! #patienceisavirtue I #FF all day!
no erratic behavior would be erratic...make sense if u dont think about it
Adapt and overcome
I had never realized what a bunch of mother fuckers TMZ were.
They really need a "cool" eMoji, like one with sunglasses on or something, how hard would that be to make?
RT GSDM: Colleen Barrett on LUVing your employees: employees feel like they are a part of a winning team & nothing feels be...
Damn good. And with new ownership, they could be extra dangerous.
THANKS A BUNCH HUGS 4 U
say what !!
RT : I wonder if Snoop Dogg does acupuncture
Thx for the tip! " - pretty sure everyone needs to try a Zumba workout!!!!! It's fun and you get a great sweat!!!"
I can't stand to see people hurt.
You still heading into town in a week?
RT : "I want you to be more creative...as long as it doesn't cause me any problems." - your boss/teacher/etc.
Watching womens final 4. Two observations: uconn coach is an arrogant ass, and britney griner talks like a dude. Go Irish!
tell him to hurry.
Why? RT : DO NOT WATCH THE CABIN IN THE WOODS TRAILER!
What ever doesn’t kill you [is everything, every day you’re not dead]
I can't believe what is happening right now! It seems like the older I get the more I understand life! It's amazing!! God Bless...
Studio saturday for a new track;)
this has to be my solution because both you and suggested it :) Thanks so much, guys!
omg. #Kids were up at 5am. So much for ME time. Grrrrr. And they are very lively. THere is no waking up here. They are fully #charged !
#IfWomenDidNotExist YOU would not exist
How could I not? When I think of unicorns...
If you ever need a guy to mess with the other team playing softball? is your guy. He even does backflips! lol.
“: you should smile with your lips closed!” ha!! I get it
performance and concept were both just off the mark!!!
Christopher Smith and Kathy Welte! You are the wind beneath our wings. Thanks for helping us fly!
the difference between perception and understanding
Whiskey bent and hell bound.
#johnharne: Last panel for the day, for this year
Psalms 82:3 "Defend the cause of the weak and fatherless; maintain the rights of the poor and oppressd."
every girl has her own special recipe that makes her EXTRAORDINARY! YOU ARE MISS EXTRAORDINARY!!!XOXO MISS MIMI PINK:)
Does anyone else think Austin Rivers going pro is a bad idea?
Show tonight at The Mill in Prattville! Come hang with us!
this may be late already but i think i wanna go back to school
That's a great deal!
I dare you to love me, <3
How's this for irony: first time in Austin, bought a dress. Nice North Face selection.
i know you secretly love him a lot
"I am not my memories. I am my dreams." ~ Terry Hostetler
Most apps are glorified versions of the finder. They browse and display data based on a path. /c
Maine or Oregon?
The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.--Pema Chodrun
What book are you reading this week? I am reading Business Model You.
I feel like a piece of shif.....
awesome thats sweet hopefully u will !!!
hahaha I know right! :) lol but it's caddyy
yea bro love them mayne
Is it just me, or is Michelle Goldberg the most facile, offensively condescending religion writer going?
Truly.. I'm good.. Great even! How about you?
this is 2011. He's playing angry birds.
Wow! I just got an iPad. What apps do I need?
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them. Dion Boucicault
follow for a follow bck
It gets no better than what we seen tonight!
to graduate highschool? I totally missed your bday.. Happy late Bday!! :/ got your drivers license already?
I don't know who is, but I have never met a Urie in the US that I am not related to one way or another.
I highly dislike waking up before 11am
safe travels! We're headed down in the am!
Do not arouse or awaken love until it so desires. There is a time for everything & everything is beautiful in its time.
Launch day is almost here! But the door is always open for awesome people and ideas. Email submissions [at] twentysomethingindy [dot] com.
oh i'm sure she'll meet a really nice boy one day.
House now voting on Chairman Ryan's budget. Will likely pass.
sup mama
Although that "puppy" face is funny, I'm going to change it to my icon.
When gets mad at his sister, my timeline gets
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell (after answering the phone) "no, I'm awake."
One day. I will be famous... so im practicing my autograph now :) #DreamBig #ItWillHappen <3
“: J- Bring me some Chicken Noodle Soup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>”>>> ok
Willard can't answer a direct question. Asked about sugar subsidies, he brings it back to Obama.
oh... and they're not too far from here....
everyone is different, i fainted when i got mines done but everyone is different it didnt hurt tho its just the after effect
John carter: to 3D or not to 3D?
Fact | Yelling FIRE attracts more of a response than HELP! Peekers versus movers. Tell your kids. FYI. Thanks Vets.
when you can't watch anything because it gets so laggy
I pray that everyone seek the Lord wholeheartedly, that their specific purpose be revealed to them who ask. That they feel God's presence.
Good Morning, Lube Nation! Don't have any Easter leftovers? No problem! Come to The Lube for lunch today!
Follow us tomorrow!
One of the nice things about #existentialism, is that one can pose a rational argument for one's religious experience. faith <U+2260> fideism
When they asked how much time do you spend on social media sites? On traditonal networking activities: 1-5 hrs. 6-10 hr on socia sites.
CAN I GET ANODDA DONUT?
tell me about it!!!
ah it all makes sense now
RIP Dick Clark. I guess we will see a hologram version on New Years.
Dag has tattoo appointment space all day! And Aaron Campbell (The original) has time between 3pm and 8pm !
Now mic checking the First Amendment across the street from the State House.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "I hope your mom doesn't get mad because you lost your retainer in the back seat" - Mark Sanchez
It's an interesting article. I read much of it and saved the rest for dipping into at the right time.
I will do my #FF as soon as I figure out this new Tweet Deck. See, instead of showing me your @ name, It shows your profile name.
im tired and im lost, i dont wanna be found.
lovin' it! Though it looks a bit empty tonight.
Friday! Jim Ripp 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm Check in here on FourSquare to receive FREE drinks! What song do you want to hear tonight??
I would rather hide in the bathroom than be in health. Srsly lol.
I wonder if there's anyone bold enough to claim there fake ?
I really wanna wear one tomorrow, but, I can't. Too scared. Dx
Watching Avatar with my babe :)
I'm there man!
#kids A SOLID FOUNDATION: A SOLID FOUNDATION from Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 7:30 PM to Wednesday, May 9, 2012 at 9:30 PM Playa Christian...
#shitthatmakesmeflip THIS PIECE OF SHIT BLACKBERRY! & STUPID FUCKING ACCUSATIONS THAT HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH ME!
You Won't Feel Me Till Everybody Say They Love You But Its Not Love..<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Hi Stoney!!! Just saw tweet from that Brandon Inge hit a 3 run home run for Oakland A's.
I only get two choices in the morning. Coffee and tummy ache or no coffee and sleepy. Hello tummy ache :(
College FB atmosphere at #LSP today...Sat aft, drums beating, fans clapping and cheering - makes me feel 20 again. Is that why I like it?
I wanna hear some songs!
buy a new oven :-)
good buffalo chicken needs for nothing sir.
Thanks for the feedback!
Actors: Take advantage of being able to help out on the set of a film any time you can. The knowledge you will acquire is invaluable.
RT : Money is worthless. It's nothing more than toilet paper that people put their own value to.
Can you please follow me back thanks so much!
Google now offering Google Maps sponsored links in Houston for $25/month. Anyone know of other markets doing this?
Tues 112211 -"Diary of a Black Author" 9th Blog 1 day @ a time every day is a "work in progress” that’s my mantra til this journey is over!
LOVE IT! Passing on to my fellow Colombians :)
Hey , did you know that offers a microloan program to entrepreneurs in Pasco County? Loans up to $35,000.
Does anyone know what time the Tonight Show is on? Because is going to be on the show!
I replied
**Please help us get to 1000 followers**... well be posting #videos_newsongs_firstlistens_recordingtips and lots of fun info :-)
Request Children's Book Week poster & activity guide. Art by David Wiesner. #CBW is May 7 - 13.
#itsawkwardwhen the train is so crowed that you end up under some dude's armpit .... sans deodorant *kill me now*
I sent you a request(:
I Just now noticed that if Oprah and Deepak got married her name would be Oprah Chopra
catnip for D's: Clinton biopic followed by Murdoch scandal deep dive on Loving it.
oh yeah, its gotta be my fault...
i hate when I wake up early and cant go back to sleep. Makes me happy....
email sent...
Shelf space under the table for notebooks, laptop, etc.
Anyone else having trouble with their status on FB???
got on nuffin but a snapback and drop socks on his grandfather chair with the plastic on it in his twit avi lookin azz
I wish my mommy would hurry up and get back from California with Jj.
how's doin these days??
Three vehicle crash reported out in #NorthPlains on NW Jackson School Rd S. of the Sunset Hwy.
Me too!
I made this account so i could support you 100%. Im going to be by your side thru the journey, i promise <3 #Followme :)
something like that :p
Reservations at 6:15. See y'all there!
love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, 23 gentleness, and self-control...
.....yo its Adam Sizemore from the Ranch from Jamie's show....love the show so far brother
I'm so late for school
Think about your day; find the one event, person, action, or thing that made an impression on you & choose to be thankful for it
Happy Friday! 70 and sunny in Denver today!
Let me know when/if you visit USF, and I'll try to be around. Fun hanging out!
You can't play 30 minutes of straight defense and not expect to give up a couple tries
But i do not have kids so my opinion is not valid to nun other than myself
I'm litterally in love with you. I don't even know what to do with myself.
Probably not.
Proud of you, Ron. You didn't give into your inner voice telling you to bunt that run in. Of course, I would have been OK with it there.
sorry bra i unfollowed like 1000 ppl so i can folo dj's n promo ppl
Thanks for that retweeting
Going to watch #HP7 part 2 with my Best Friend again in afternoon .hurray :)xx
Was at the bank & my contact popped out my eye right in front of the cutie!! (hey Andy)I don't think he saw
we're intrigued....
Thank you, I sorta needed that! LOL
Hard work always yields it's profit, keep focussed on the light at the end of ths tunnel.
Tried to talk to someone today...they depressed me so I put on a fake smile said ok then walked away
In the streets right now!!!
RT : We're trying something a little different for our next #ConnectChat, "How to Connect w/ the Media." Details here:...
Had a great time at Alpine Printing!! Thanks for the BBQ !!!
Why are all song about love and stuff?? I want a song about CAKE or something!
Hush. I'm taking copious notes over here.
. Would u rather browns draft qb or rb?
Maybe if you were "there" for me when i needed you, i'd be there for you.
oh my god so perfect!!
I'm not completely sure off of the top of my head; probably, but I don't follow literary scholarship.
we were told it would be 15 minutes before we could sit. In the bar. It was empty.
I have to give a shout out to all of the seal that lost their lives in order to make #sharkweek one of my favorite weeks on TV!
Is it April yet ??? I am so excited to taste your creations!
Up to 500K children may currently be homeless in the US - JOIN THE FIGHT!
im not envious I just hate liars trust me I grew up watchin him play in hs. My old coach used to coach him. I dont like liars
We all breath with a soothing and almost excited sigh of relief as we dream about our future Justice! Happiness is a new face on the court!
oh awesome!(:
Talk about bad timing. Beastie Boys' member Adam Yauch died on Friday (May 4) after a long battle with cancer, and in th
#GOLF #CHICAGO Magazine is on site today filming about our resort and #Scottdale's top courses!
Lunch Special! Homemade Pulled Pork, BBQ Sauce & Pickles with a side of Fries. $7 Craft Summer Beers on special! $3/bottle.
Good morning <U+263A>
Not bitter about Mike Redd leaving. Glad to see it. But he obviously doesn't know s#$t about loyalty. It was jus sad to see him
ill give you my unlimited as well.
that isnt creepy at all (i want one)
I was so happy 2 see her. I locked my freakin keys in da car. Smh!
Pick 4 shows. If all get picked up they get A's. 3 = B's. 2 = C's. 1 = D's and none = F. Students better start praying to NBCGod
I'd love that! & if I won I'd fly you here & we'd go somewhere! Ha! Looking for Hillarys house maybe?
Another gorgeous 70 degree day! Can't wait to have tomorrow off.
We love our #Vegas locals and tonight you'll receive complimentary entry till 1am ! Come early and enjoy OPEN BAR 1030-1130pm
just put it in oven
Po boys from banks and broad, frost stop, and leaving money at the casino...
This world is a crazy place, and I'm happy to be a part of it.
Alas, I have no skills with C++. :P
no way! Ahh I'm so there!!!
Peyton Manning must have a chronic masterbation issue because whatever temptations come his way, he'd rather just do it HIMSELF!
I celebrate Easter a bit different than most. On this day I play dead, avoid all contact with family and hide myself like an egg.
Remember country's original "Scotty" Toby Keith's pal and writer of numerous hits including "I Love This Bar" "Beer For My Horses" and more?
so bored .
Wanna play sand volleyball tonight?? We need 1 person to play thanks!!!
CHANNEL 43 + ROCK N' ROLL CANNIBALS + KID IS QUAL @ Twisted Branch Tea Bazaar, DECEMBER 3, 2011 8:30 PM
that could be misconstrued. Lol!!!
Enjoying San Diego very much
1/2 hour in gym done as prescribed. Legs ache but not my back thank goodness. Not a brilliant work out but a start. Little steps..
hey, for a Miley Cyrus video, that is downright high concept!
Lester is on it tonight. Two outs to 4 in a row.
can't complain tryna maintain wbu
there was a panel of women in tech that came to my highschool a handful of times. I was inspired! Good ideas.
word of the day: "carrel" - discuss
So who do you think will win the Superbowl?
Out\O/! I feeling good today!!!
Thank you! Hope to see ya back soon =) : Thanks!! I had tons of fun! It's my favorite place to play poker :)
bitchana! did i tell you i had a dream the other night and brian was in it! i was so freaked out! thats his name right? bros ex
Talk about something really important to you with someone. There's no way you could be bored when you're doing that.
So after being hacked I went crazy & changed my passwords to everything I use... Also made said pwords more complicated.
Alien is who I is si:)
I find it serendipitous that I'll be up in 4 hours ready to roll again for #SXSW. Unless wakes me up in 2
When I have kids, I'll make them watch 2012 and tell them I survived that..
Watching movie solo @ main art theatre. Literally alone. Detroit economy so bad... nobody can afford to see films on Iranian lesbians.
Congrats to #FinalFour ! You'll see ALL of them playing shows this summer!
Plotting on my next million
looking real good
I Want Us Forever<33
At Liberty University to see ! I'm so excited! A proud dad I am.
I can't sleep
I don't mind five thirteen-hour days in a row, but I'm kicking myself for not keeping wine in the house.
:D maybe , to much work :p ugh. ahah
u should text me
uncheck "ask to join new networks" in sys prefs > network.
I still haven't seen it! :(
hey net, is a poseur pretending to be a douche. The real douche is It's sad that I recognize the difference.
#mcfarland on #assange @ #lpr2011 - usa has had to recall agents in field, cooperation has stopped and trust & intelligence lost!
Prez Obama and the dems voted again for no tax break for the rich but cuts to social programs Obama is a yes man to the Republicans
RT : Nj Nets..u have 60 mins to make some moves or risk losing and looking crazy
Don't let these old people fool u, they will beat somebody ass wit day quickness
haha, way to look on the brightside
this case before mine is almost as good as watching tv
Amazing Deals for #Brookline #Apartments. 1 Month Free, No Broker Fee in a luxury concierge building! ProperRG.com
RT : Yikes...when i hear shit bout ppl bein killd in afghan n iraq my heart drops like what if its somebody i know =/
RT : With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Yeah! I hear think thier the new best tag team lets teach them a lesson
welcome, anytime
-- Rick, tell Jess as well
Tonight's the night!! Come party with Jessica Hernandez, The Juliets, and us at the Magic Stick. First band goes on at 9:15pm!!
BETRAYED BY THE MAN!! we r at the vet!
The beastie boys are everything to me
thank you
Shout out to all my followers
Kind and loving words seldom go in one ear and out the other.
that is awesome!
My dad did not let me get not even a good 3 hours of sleep last night. Thanks.
hey Jacob! I tried to follow you, but there was no link..what's the secret password?! ;) "mixingboard"??! Ha! :)
step back.. think BIG! Now go and do what you just thought about :)
Paid for it... can't let this happen again /:
All Relationships Go Through Shit, But It's The Real Relationships That Actually Get Through The Shit.
bike assembly service in Washington dc
helps cleveland
Love that! You made my day :)
Shettima: How can we support civil society organizations, ICT competent youth, and grantees for civic engagement
Got a for my bday & in deep love, love, love. Was using #pedometer app before, these features more rich. Altho I call it
sick of Dwight Howard nonsense. It's as bad as Carmelo saga..
It freaks me out when more than half my screen is covered in icons...
Looks great!
Lets go LAKERS we got the second half now.
lol sorry, thought I hit send...then I glance back at my computer and the message is still there lol...okay...paint here I come!
Despise that commercial RT : sobbing mother/daughter commercial [mute]
Braves won!(:
Makes me glad that I have 2 boys at home
The soccer match lead in a trip to the hospital.
Yankees v. Os dilemma resolved by wearing flowered shirt. Hope Os have sense to adopt Usher's O-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o my gosh!
do you really think you have more swag than her bf bieber?
I had my GCSE maths exam today! i totally aced it! I hope..
Live at 8am - Get your week started right with another live episode of www.pdxsucks.com - today's topics: evil fruit smoothie vendors
thank you once my website is a bt more organized I hope you take a peek at it. for the hospice hnadbook..bles ya
So close to summer swim season! Can't wait to see all the eager swimmers coming to get their gear :)
why must you be so attractive
lmfao no ... I think it would reak if it was
Is suddenly really excited for this week. Mondays aren't all bad, I guess...especially when getting email from old friends :)
Comcast Reports 1st Quarter 2012 Results
Credit is the benefit of the doubt that even though you don't appear to have it now you'll have it in the future.It's more than a 51% belief
I'm going to ride this one out with D'Angelo tonight ...that honey mix of Brown Sugar & Voodoo. Amen.
Please Follow Me Austin I bEGG YOU EVERYDAY! Please Follow me!
Woo. keeps my Beat the Streak alive.
Amendment One and an old American struggle - Charlotte Observer
Clark County Genealogical Society meets tomorrow @ 10 @ Paseo Verde Lib & is open to all interested in learning about their family roots.
Thank You for the Mentions and ReTweets , , ,
I love <33333
I thought it was incredible-- never have I heard Brahms and Schumann sung with such nuance. The words came alive!
hit on my email mrsarlove
obviously cause you saw me :):)
lol nice one
Next week it's going to be a good one
Gonna watch the Avengers later...Anyone seen it.??
I'm braving the wind on J Street to try today! I've heard good things.
Winning election has become defensive necessity. But, can we change minds, hearts, beliefs - or is this fight forever ours? New strategy?
This is true, though the rhubarb sorbet is delicious and more #bodycomp friendly!
What? Your birthday? Happy birthday, darling. Sending you much love and luck with Silverwells too! I can't wait for it.
#idRatherHave Bad Times With , Then Good Times With Any Other Girls
RT Be helpful. When you see a person without a smile, give them yours :)
I thought it was! All action, humour and not much romance. It was great!
u r awesome! Thank you!!
Ok, so the Epicentre show on 6/18 is back on! Only YMAEWK will not be joining us. =( But Weatherbox is confirmed!
Excited for
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
oh my gosh! Thank you so much!!!! I would love to!
I keep ketchup or ketsup in the fridge
Sounds like a great Saturday night to me...
I am applying for both, it's a story about the states though. A phone call is necessary!
No, Shut Up you little faggotno one likes when you smile or laugh it scares the little ninjas livingin your daddys armpits!
" Happy mother day "
Thanks for the prayers and phone calls, he goes back to the doctor on Monday!
First day of summer plans: Go to bed at 9 p.m. Wake up at 3 p.m. I can't wait.
Update: Private contractor vehicle hit in crash w semi on I5 NB at pacific in Tacoma. Working to learn about injuries. Sky king en route.
Favre threw 2 no-lookers against Baltimore. Both were completions.
Chris Bosh is DONE for the season...I don't care what anyone says!! I'll even put money on it!
dudette u got THE on with u today, will have to watch for sure now
No please noRT I don't want to cheer against the Sonics, but does that mean I have to support OKC?
W.beyondthescoreboard.net The are not in trouble yet but the shouldn't have loss to the
RT : My phone really likes to autocorrect teabaggers to teqbaggers. No idea what that is... // Teabaggers who can't spell tea?
no offense chris
you have a boyfriend!?
Yolo ate an entire pack of uncooked bacon minus the three strips I had eaten already.
Shannon:"My leg is shaking." Me:"Why? Are you nervous to see your lover boy?" Shannon:"No. It just can't hold my weight." Hahahaha :'D
Report from says Trayvon Martin shooter to be charged with second degree murder; George Zimmerman is in custody.
It's 11:30 and I've already eaten my lunch. Now what?
The only number you need for all your business telecom requirements: 0844 880 2010.
yup. And hey, maybe SBR wouldda ended up married to a stripper. Who knows.
Sink your toes in the sand, hang out at Pelican Pub for dinner, get a free hat, breakfast + more! FREE! Just volunteer for Reach the Beach.
The collective consciousness that leads to a more 'cerebral' approach to fitness... -This is MindFirstFitness.
Inhale this then I'm in search
Maybe I'm the man suffering horrible hiccups and listening to Elton John. fuck
(1/2) RT : Rosin: To enhance the skills of the nation’s workforce, we must leverage technology and…
Good luck w/ your home search, Ellie. Many homes will be open to the public this weekend for the NAR Nationwide Open House.
Life of me & : getting to yoga class early to get a spot in the back. :) oh yeah!
Going to ikea the week that every state university starts is a bad idea.
fb crashed again..damn
So glad we've connected!
***BREAKING NEWS*** Millions reported injured after #Tebow Band Wagon derails... #pray for those injured!
Lmao ": #Sagittarius are good at keeping ex's as friends."
Blumenthal: Cyber theft is the greatest transfer of wealth in the history of the world; an uncontroversial statement
I think I know who it is but I'm not saying names <33
how is it starving stuck in traffic
Really hope I get to see you on warped in Orlando(; gotta convince my friends! Haha
Billy Crystal: Master of the "Pause for Laugh".
We were talking last we and thought it funny that the NUGGETS made it to the playoffs w/o Carmello Anthony
Amazon has a lot of good indie albums for $5 this week: Trampled By Turtles, AWOLNATION, and The Tallest Man on Earth... to name a few.
Tonight! Live from the center of everywhere, being broadcast in the flesh at The Magic Stick ROGUE WAVE with GAMBLE HOUSE and JAVELINS
Fucking pissed that I had to re-install diablo
#BCEAGLES Gene DeFilippo needs to listen to real BC fans and FIRE SPAZ! Not EVER TO EXCEL
now open, a new coffee shop in North Portland, serving my fav cofeee Coava
Kerry responding to Romney is like mirror talking back to Romney
Ha! I miss you Ms. Davis!
this nigga just bit my neck.... crazy mf!
Oh yeah! I can't wait to see what else will be announced between now and then, as well.
Mam that line was something serious lol
oh good. state income tax check cleared, so both feds & state are done with.
Loving this keynote! : Sturgeon's Law: 90% of everything is crap. via
last Day was da best day of my whole life And She were the most Amazing Lady I Ever had
Are you planning to eat moderately over the holidays? Or just completely let it go?
Wasn't angry when I talked to him last month. He's smart, he understands things. If he pitches like he is, he'll be up soon.
I can't be alone with you, cause you kiss me when you're drunk.
As always, Thank u! RT : Always nice to end the weekend by catching up on the news with on
Merry Christmas and thank you for helping the Mona Lisa Code gain worldwide attention!
#oomf make me smile
Its cold af in here
Prevalent idea, no surprise, was access- for individuals, families, communities, special needs. How do we engage/connect?
this is genius!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet i hope my wish come true...
It's got it's perks I guess lol :) What's your fav part about London ?
Thank you for letting us be a part of the event. We enjoyed it!
You showed it to me last summer. Is it the Nook Color or Nook Tablet?
"The LORD taketh pleasure in them that fear him, in those that hope in his mercy." Psalm 147:11
my friend is blowing up my notifications and commenting on all of our old fb pictures...
Maybe the Cards want to stick it to the Brewers. See, the huge mistake you made? :)
lol oh I'd smash both
A happy birthday goes out to #Fishers town Manager ! Have a great day.
Funny name right! RT ": Our initial DJ no called NO Showed..So DJ Tanner will cover us from 8pm on" From full house?
We love that! RT : Ha! That's funny because I celebrate National Eat What You Want Day every day! :)
"Similar to you: " I guess Twitter saw our somewhat witty banter on 's wall.
. I'm with you on this. I once got scolded at the jazz kitchen for being loud during a performance...
The situation is having a party this weekend, come home and go with me!!!
did you win your game?
#IfOprahWerePresident "EVERYBODY HERE GETS A HUMPBACK WHALE!"
Aww thank you for the #FF! Right back at ya! <3
I just had real moonshine. Holy fuuuuuck gross! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
Hate moving, but gotta do so....
#webwise keynote on #dpla. Feeling there is major potential for #oralhistory somewhere in there.
When you are engaging a vendor before the sale and they don't deliver on their promises, don't expect any different after the sale.
Need a Music video for your mixtape email Get it Filmed by Andy Appleseed
Paper then one more exam
visit Facebook.com/SandyFeetEvents to answer our Thoughtful Thurs Question! Best answer gets FREE entry to Sparkle & Shine 5K!
what about boise and those potential matchups in football. Byu tcu and boise
If i didn't RT you back, that doesn't mean i hate you!! I love u all <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
that's the where I have to deliver at 6 tonite
I know you like the way I put it togetha lol <U+263A>
