They are like the greatest things eva!!---Brings out my Fratty self hahaha they look great
I'm getting more into it I think.... definitely see the value in organizing house favorites
This discussion of tilt is going on...forever...
Do you have a mirror mirror or American Reunion screening coming up?
Son please! Maybe next week? Haha
ah ok! We'll record it and post soon, then will Tweet at you with a link! :) Thanks so much!!
loving it! You're missing out.. Girls club rocks.
Another good one at the Denver coliseum- Mountain Vista up 27-26 over Highlands Ranch at half.
Have Aceves start and make Beckett the closer.
I will regret having chips and onion dip for lunch very shortly.
At this point Tom Brady has thrown twice as many touchdowns than Tebow has completions.
65 percent of altar-bound men and women live together before getting married
great man heading to the mountains for the weekend hbu?
All graphic design from us, websites to flyers and everything in-between are on sale 30% off. Email
Cena's awesome... but
I sent you a facebook message. How's life & urrthang? Hope you're still kicking ass at kicking ass.
Does all pickled ginger contain aspartame? Really?
Spoke with my dad and other family members I haven't been in contact wit. Found out I lost my cousin. Got the news late but still hits hard.
Been wanting to go on this date since 7th grade:)) #loveyou:)
Grounded!--new page update today!
dayumm, you should rock those DUnkles on Sun at !
yes I don't understand why one of my million or so followers wouldn't reply... if you become the guinea pig please let me know!
Pain and suffering are the soil of strength and courage
thanks for #following!
SIR?? Hahaha! & um it doesn't matter if you know phoenix, you still work right up the street!
#4famouswords Live within Your Means
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! :)
cool. My family owns three Mitsubishi's with one more on the way!
Counting down the hours until the Rockies game tonight with my shlil' homies
Yeah! You guys are doing a good thing. We appreciate your customer service. Keep up the good work!
It's been three days now since I last checked how much money/equity I've won or lost. Plan is to check my results once a week max.
that's really cool I was flying back to Florida :)
Thanks Hilton! We loved staying at the Hilton Midtown! RT : Hope you had a great birthday in NYC!
went H.A.M today in 7th
we love alex russo !
Guess we can close the book on this one... RT No, trust me. Everyone doesn't hate him.
Thanks for making mention of Crosstown Wish today in the !
so your apart of this clowness too?
Sometimes you pull back, cause you're scared she'll end up being everything you've ever wanted...and you just don't wanna get hurt again
I've got the Mic, If you've got the the Mosh Pit
I'm considering growing out my bangs, for realsies.
It's only 10:30? Holy HELL this is going to be a long day.
I bet I can guess who
Demographics of a 2010 NYC business expo showed 50% owners/senior managers, and 2% lawyers. Confirming my view #lawyers are not networking
got it! You guys are in!
RT Undrafted free agents with no signing bonus like Cruz are usually camp bodies. Cruz came to NFL that way, now an impact player
Question 3...who SHOULD the #Browns select with the fourth pick in the draft and why?
Jeff Fitzgerald describes himself as "an Irish guy who likes a good fight" in speech to GOP leaders at
hope it went well!
It starts with her gorgeous voice, amazing range, beautiful phrasing, wonderful & song choices..Her a voice will move you Marianne Solivan …
3 canned goods at the gates (honor system) and a race to where ever you want to sit...
I hate when people do that..its like wtf you on twitter for if you don't want to talk to people?
yeah, Margo mentioned it in her zumba update. all her classes are cancelled until they figure out the transition
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
Wish my guy friends had twitters <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks - we sympathize. We didn't want to add further cost to onsite #ala11 reg so that's why we offer live reg separately.
lol im not a jerk punk
#raw10 ur Ghetto: when u have money, ur never hungry, buy everything except Food. But be broke is when im Hungry, asking 2 use your EBT card
1D Flawless Homosexuals
City attorney says quorum not needed for study session
Hey - Tracy suggested I ask you; would like to guest post on the working mom blog about my 4 years as a working mom....?
Thank bro! I am pulling for you - I am right here in the Loop!
is gonna be the 15 tomorrow!!:)
you have 20 million beliebers as of today. In case you were wondering or something.
80's in Austin tomorrow and Friday!
the most ironic things happen to me o.o
it's going to be hard to beat the first time..i can't wait either. yummmmmmyyyyyyyyyyy
There Is A Reason Why Ppl Don't Pick Up Their Phone When You Call...
I voted for you on both of my accounts... How about a coffee date this week?
what's ur feeling on tonights game?
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness. Edgar Allan Poe Sounds like Obama
In a desperate attemp i am going to try my HARDEST to get to FOLLOW ME! Please Austin follow me. It would mean the world to me
That moment when someone drops by your office with a chocolate croissant for you.
This crap about unfollowing is b.s.. What a joke.
I know I try and act cool and not spam your timelines w/ Seddie rants, but really I'm just as Seddie-obsessed as the next Seddie fan. lol
Tonight's #Kiski School Basketball Game vs. Summit Academy at 7:30 pm will be broadcast live online on Kiski360.
36 in Blaine. Winter will return. I sure loved the 52 yesterday... I even opened my windows and aired out the house.
Um...corral is not a fruit, Ryan Seacrest.
Yeah. That. RT : Basically, people who seem much older but are actually younger than me are unintentionally making me feel bad.
Just watched life's too short on HBO in demand it's hilarious. The scene with Ricky Gervais Liam Neeson incredible
Sick days suck!
this my b day week
Thanks! It's nice to tackle a project that's technology free every once in a while
I AGREE WITH U!!(:
Goodnight n shit
When you look good, you feel good but you'll be at your best with a Dr. Wiggy's weave, full lace wig, and braiding hair! Call 855-DRWIGGY!
Will bullying stop when we finally create safe school environments?
TONIGHT at we've got and Sputnik! Doors at 8.
"Momma, i'm having a baby!" My little brother shouts as he takes a shit.
If you pretend, then I'll pretend Let's make it seem like we're all we need in the end..
temper tantrums<<<<
Money from strangers is soo funny!
just watched you Comedy Central stand up special from 07...girl..I loved it!!
Wish I had fake boobies so I never have to wear bras
GREAT MATCH GUYS!
and then look into getting tickets for nola.
movie put me to sleep three nights in a row
RT IF YOU LOVE YOUR GIBRALTARIAN FANS!!
Fuckkk him he's a dj, al night long he's got the beat(;
I was just wondering if my clone & I would get along or if we would want to kill each other. 80/20
thanks everyone for coming out tonight---too many of you to thank! the austin social media and entrepreneur community rocks! we <3 you
follow back chump
Thirsty for some Christian Worship? Attend SALT!! June 1st&2nd Greenville, KY. Link to FB event in my last tweet! It is going to be great!!!
beliebers= most perverted fan base that has ever existed lol
That is true, though there are exceptions
a great way to reduce nausea during pregnancy: not getting pregnant, babies are not hot!
It takes 3500 calories to gain 1 pound. So do the math on how many calories a day you should burn a day to lose 1 pound in a week?
If I know you're real with yours I'll cut everyone off for you...
Love is the hidden message within all fear and pain, no matter how horrible they make you feel.
Good morning twitter world, it's time to turn dreams to reality.
yeah, we should!! That would be fun! (:
so so my best friend jennifer denise told me that your birthday is on saturday.
you'll be obsessed with Indian food once you give it a go - IF you can handle it. When are you in Louisville?
fuck video games, neither me or him even like them. we enjoy cold beverages and bad bitches!
Susan, don't encourage him.
FRIDAY NIGHT @ CLUB ELEGANCE HOSTED BY & KITCHEN OPEN 21 + EVENT YOUR SAFETY IS OUR #1 PRIORITY
The only way to love is to risk.
"Teach Only Love" ~ Archangel Michael
please don't be in love with someone else. please don't have somebody waiting on you.
Accusin is never good bcuz if u accuse a man enough times n they innocent then they might as well make it come true bcuz u don't believe em
A few clicks make your wmv videos on your iphone 4. bit.ly/rsb3Rc
what are your thoughts on alternative energy? hit me up
A man's got to have a code.. -Bunk
#ifweedwerelegal i wouldnt give a fuck i smoke alot anyway regardless if its legal or not.
Last year I remember I practiced really hard and didn't make it, this year is my last chance as a senior.
that's my type of Bitch
“: your pretty...behind a wall...in another country...over the ocean...with a mask on...in the dark(:”
Back to work. Office isn't piled too high with work but I doubt I'll be on twitter much until I'm caught up. Will keep y'all posted.
Waiting to get into the band room. Got a new hair cut
Thers something about your tuch and sothing voice that sends a craving of (I want) thru my body
nm. Why you up?
#Idol has no sound on fox... These are amazing musical artists and its too bad that tonight's awesome episode has malfunction issues plz fix
AccuProcess Releases Business Process Modeling Software for Apple Mac OS X
“: Feels like I'm not good enough..” You're the best babe <U+E418>
After relentless award show disappointment, I'm thoroughly pleased that Arcade Fire won album of the year.
Leadership is knowing the difference between giving tough feedback with compassion and softening it so much that you're lying.
- Got Jamie - will not be there but you are supported and admired - You always "bring it..."
Excited to have you join us in our Digital Organizing course! Let us know if you have any questions in your registration.
RIP Maurice Sendak, the man who brought us, "Where The Wild Things Are." Combined our weirdness, adventure, & childhood all in one!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
RT : here is still time to show #KYCares. Phone banks are open until 7pm. Call 800-500-1513 to support Red Cross storm relief.t
Not everyone thinks your toddler is adorable.
first time watching some old episodes of the Jack Benny Show...pretty funny i must say
In 74% of the presentations I hear, when the speaker has an awkward pause, they just yell out "uh....social media."
Biggest craving for lemonade.
pick me! pick me! I really wanna go! Please!
2012 SENIORS. I think it's safe to say this is gonna be one of the best summers of our lives
My toys love it. They tell me every day..... They are demanding brushable MonsterKolor now.... and I must comply. :)
Thank you! We feel the same. :) RT : Yay! Thank you! Love you guys and the community you created!
glad you like it, thanks for your feedback
rite on! I'll deff check it out. I love photography. I Do some wicked PhotoShop work here n there... Keep in touch :-)
It would seem only fitting for to follow
Camera Fun Time! It's the last day of National Dog Week. Find a dog & start snappin' away. A vid or 2 would be nice too. Get a good closeup!
I'm meeting my buddies out on wiener tit!
Three small boys with their moms came to the mission with armloads of socks for the homeless!
Okay, you convinced me lol
Thanks to the somber novels of Ernest Hemingway, contemporary artists seem to have the idea that humor is an inferior element of writing.
I know this is off topic than basketball but what is your take on the Flyers Performance so far this season
I'm BACK !... again , so mention me for a follow back :)
Welcome to Twitter! Keep it up :-)
Quiz Night 8pm. We also have NFL ticket for those interested in fantasy. Booze time is here.
Directed a 17 hour shoot and it was all worth it!!!!!!!
"She had memories of being fast as a girl. The speed in her legs went untested & ignored. Back then, there weren’t women doing men’s stuff."
Love it :)
#ireallycantstandwhen people pretend to hate iPhones
Live life a lil damn this your only one...
Everybody has that ONE song that they HAVE to sing when it comes on.
back... and have a new sister :) also witnessed a battle... a wu tang slide battle
Your self-sensing, internalized perception of yourself is radically different from the externalized projection that is your body
A Lothian at #MIGC: queer temporality tells us not just to focus on *product* of vid but *process* of vidding.
Out to PR tomorrow and I haven't packed yet
Life is a long lesson in humility.
NABD Dealer Academy was a success. Join us at booth 719 tomorrow for the main event!
..enjoying some delicious Pad Thai from EE Sane. Absolutely incredible. Go eat there, my MKE friends.
sec 9 row K seat 51:)
Why is mailchimp misbehaving on me?
Augie Garrido is the best coach you've never heard of- look him up...
Only bid submitted at Summer Meetings was by Collegelax, not sure what that means now that it is a non-functioning business
: All you need is Love, Love. Love is All you need. Happy Valentine's Day Love! From me to you x ;-)
well that's gotta be embarrassing haha
Shoutout to for the RT appreciate the support!
Code doesn't get me; stupid browser quirks do. And annoying people. #$%@
's Eric Westendorf and Adrian Fenty back to back?? Best day ever
FUCK this god damn yard sale bullshit!
meat? Really? Can't say I ever tasked that in wine. Smoky yes but not meat. Maybe I need to work on expanding my palette!
we'd love to! Help spread the word :)
I was supposed to grow up to be a star & excel at what I do. It's been a while & I'm not there yet, so God bless me with a breakthrough!?!
Sticky Fingers with the fam. South carolina style BBQ, im in love
She's still my angel without wings
OMG 117 followers!... thts amazing thnk you guys! love you all<3
I hope Vandy is ready because MTSU will be fired up and ready to play. 1:00 p.m. start
lmao love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I think that's what everyone wants. Let's hope TT is on the same page or I will kick his ass! Lol
Oh, that's actually a really good idea. But BLERG on the friend who can't remember people not on FB.
Steak, brats, and burgers. Ron Swanson would be proud.
that's rite lol bro!
sweet- who is it with? CNN? E!TV?
yea that was top of r/Nashville! Not a major subreddit but still.
ok iphone is in a bowl of dry rice...wish me luck
"I wasnt that Drunk", "Dude you were in my pool trying to find Nemo.."
november please be kind and ever so sweet.
For every bad thing that has happened in your life, just know that God has protected you from worse!
One of my clients is opening a great new yoga lab in the HelMel Bike District, LA's east side, on Apr 2
Begrudgingly liked Eng win. New lot not yet primping underachievers..Give them a few years though!
In scripture, Joshua 1:9 strengthens us, "Be strong, have courage. Again, I say have courage." In 2012 and always, Courage Leads.
We are accepting delegates for the 2012 EWI Int'l Pageant. If full entry is paid by Deceber 1, 2011 you will receive a $200 discount.
One of the secrets of life is to make stepping stones out of stumbling blocks.
My sister used to have an imaginary friend named Milan, she lived in Ohio and liked tacos. I mean we all know we had an imaginary friend.
IM DOING SOME NOW!!!! :D
More likely a grainy photo and a paragraph on a wall somewhere.
Do you need a new unit or help w/ parts for an older one? Stop by the "coolest" place in town for great service & value
,I hit followlimit ;(
Mom's in LBK
Message me if you are ever back in the Midwest! Would love to catch up ;)
Just can't make it past a Step Tourney, not going back not going forward just staying still. Had 2 guys dead to rights both suck-outs.
"Finding You Work" tonite @ 10.A Decatur employer is looking to hire 50-75 people. If you don't mind answering phones,this could be for you.
“: #shoutout to my GS and her clothing line :)”
I really need to get in the habit of tweeting on a regular basis again. What to tweet, what to tweet?
headed to the studio. time to make things happen.
Now would be a good time for you to spread the word about Come Home Baltimore. Share our page on your time line today!
Tequila?? YES please!!
Have I damaged my ability to experience romantic love?
I'm kidding!(:
Loiter Squad!
Have u ever been misunderstood, misrepresented, misinterpreted? Jesus is every day. Don't take my word -or anyone else's. Find out yourself!
Should definitely win
I laugh, I love, I hope, I try, I hurt, I need, I fear, I cry. I'm human. Break the rules before the rules break you.
I'm glad you clarified that, Timmy. Oh Dio Mio
Link's broken brotha.
oh good morning btw have a blessed day :-)
Would be great employee volunteer effort: RT : Trained tech volunteers next step in improving disaster workforce
RT #Leadership Thought: Decisions R the catalyst 4 action which R the catalyst 4 results. Is that why decisions are so hard?
Text me people(:
looking to monetize your screen with relevant content? Ask locbit how.
<U+266A>A Child And His Lawnmower - Give Me Convenience or Give Me Death
I think its #MambaTime if not im turning dis shit off
she told me our family was royal! what!?
These chicks need some hobbies or something bbw
The difference between before and now is that the dumb people are arroganter. And they don't speak good English. via
That's right , I'm a tweeter. I just blew your mind. x
commercials... "Put on the meat ponchos"... "Sweat is like tasty gravy to a hungry wolf"... So funny!
Welcome! What did you think of explanation of the pork crepinette paired w/ the wee heavy?
Um what?
they're like that in curling too.
Debs m!
second and girl this was supposed to be yo treat
I dont want them to settle...I want them to aim high. This is my dilemma for today.
I got to train with 08' Olympic judo teacher tonight. Really a lot of cool stuff!
RT : Latest twitter stats: 1 billion tweets a week. 140 million tweets a day. Average 460,000 new accounts a day.
Prin told me that the teachers were paid per session
Shout out to our new followers! Help spread the word about IUSUW!
Received a high risk Environmental Risk Summary but don't want to do a Phase I report? Do a Records Search with Risk Assessment!
Fuck it, my eyes keep getting watery I might is well let it out.
Can someone PLEASE tell me why I took a long nap at 6pm?!?!? I don't even know why I did that!
Starting to wonder if someone took my "could we have a shortstop worse than Yuni" tweets last year as a challenge....
I want mighty
Don't let anyone deter you from doing what you love, but it's transparent as hell in the music world.
Google makes all kinds of magical things. Is Google Wave the next big thing? Hm. . .
RT is pricing out what it would take to do our events
I hate you! You're such a copy cat! :p
So if Greyson decides not to get a tan in Asia, he can gladly come to MY house and get a tan by my pool (:
How to Make it in America ... tune in peoples ...
what is #GenVeg?
lol Jesus really is my homeboy! he says so in John 15:15
HEY, MALYNDA!! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! :)
Pitt basketball:trying hard to live up to the legacy of Panther football game by game; as Dixon does his imitation of Wannstedt
RT : 2011 Pronto: The freshest top-quality authentic Lambrusco in the USA. Come on down & taste it Table
Lol Your Not Having Kids Any Time soon !
- and we also don't have bugs or humidity.
Alright...Steelers - Broncos --- Logic speaks to Pittsburgh but stranger things happen. PITT 24 - Denver 13. You say what?
okay cool.I might be out of town for work part of the weekend. I'll keep you posted.unless you weren't inviting me to meet up :-)
Not me-don't care-season is way too long Honest question: how many people are aware that the MLB season opened today?
How have we just discovered ??? What an amazing site!
maybe he'll need 2 muses hahahaha I knew you'd understand :P
Members Card LA Kings -115 (10 units)
hah and all of the above smh..
Anything for the lovely <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Then explain to me, why you and other Republicans protect the rich as opposed to the middle class suffering in this country?
I like that<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
cuba's going 2 start drilling 4 oil? this is not good
I of course support local artists and but that exchange was ridiculous.
FB just announced there'll be branded stories featured on people's feed... Bold move. The pressure is on for brands to put out great content
isnt it funny how I got more followers than the person whi mad my twitter
Things Fall Apart.
How long before he learns about your Tweet and turns around to introduce himself?
What a great concept. This looks awesome!
just got finish eating takis........... really hot need bout two cups of water
What foods are you always in the mood for (especially during the summertime)?
oh hey there gina :D
hahaha no way, I'll have to check it out sometime
So true! homemade meatballs are the best!
Day 83 of 100: I am thankful for seeing that I've been, I am and I'll always be a student in this acting thing
sounds like an interesting workshop.
Celebrate #CharityTuesday with !!
Fantastic. Thank you for speaking out. It's so important to fight the stigma placed on those who w mental illnesses.
#happyfathersday Feeling real blessed 2 b back home with my fam after long 3 weeks on the road! JenoLo #Release 2day...guess we have to C
I need a #ciggaret for #real :) Cereal Bowles
Woot!!! Can't wait...RT : i can already taste that big bottle of "kirkland'sbest" vodka... just have to wait til June 1!!
RT "My english teacher used to staple Burger King applications on failed tests."
Carlos needs to pick em up here!
Damn why people hating on Cher Lloyd?
definitely Pandora
then why did you write into the law that the rates would double? To use it for attack ads against GOP? BINGO!
That's good to hear sweetie, if you ever need me I'm here
RT : Repeat after me: #improudtosay that I support full equality for all humans NO MATTER WHAT!
Thinking of making a big move. If you could live anywhere in #America, where would you live and why?
It's morning and I'm so happy to be on the planet
Mike (without the mechanics)
Big Season ahead #31.get ready to hit anything in Purple with Raven birdies on the helmets
big bang theory .
We in playhouse Hollywood ! Whiz Khalifa, Jermaine Dupri , and Chris Brown came through! Welcome to California !You lovin it yet?
That was tough...
you had great stuff btw. Keep up the good work!
So.So.Horny....
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them. Benjamin Jowett #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
No Vaseline - Ice Cube (1991) #nowplaying Y'all disgrace to C-P-T !!
Wow. The only thing that could make the Grammys more intolerable is having a guest appearance by Mario Manningham and Victor Cruz
you're a twisted motherfucker
Thanks so much for the RTs!
Hoping Mon-Wed goes fast and the week slows down on Thursday...in need of some beach time!
love it too! Thanks for the post :)
RT Have a great time! Savor & enjoy. //Thank you!
congrats on the honors this week! Slice on Magazine or St. Charles for Pizza. u looking for something specific? let me know
do u want the link? I'll see if I can find it again...
we can use 's car as well.
Girls r school so I cut em like seniors..weezy
I was always a big fan of Michigan, particularly the helmets....
Please tell your friends about !!! We're debuting soon and need all of Memphis, the USA, and the World to tweet us! LOVE!!
Can U invoice me the ALLIGATOR SHOES standard lease at thanks.
Schadenfreude Pie sounds DELICIOUS.
"The measure of our success is not determined by how we act during the great times in life but how we respond in our most difficult moments"
Wow, it's December now! I need to get my tree up ASAP. Lots of lights around here. I love holiday F words...Food, football, family, fun!
G.M.N.I.: Praying for my momma.
why didn't anyone in #uwmjmc307 note we forgot to talk about PSA's? We'll finish internet, talk about PSA and then get to Tweetin' :)
If you learn the art of right contact, anything is alright.
If you thought you looked cute when you walked out your house , uhm think again.
if your talking about school im with you
Having a bad day:(
Listening to Gotterdammerung this am... RT I just know SOMEBODY out there is listening to something great!
Things are heating up at #politifest in SD. Local politics, orgs & families. Good times.
I hate to be negative & critical but today everyone is driving horribly. Let's get it together Los Angeles !
Way to go #Dempsey! US men up 1-0 v. Italy
I happily accept.
I'm so excited! You know where I'll be tomorrow! #RobertDowneyJr GET IN MY PANTS!
I'm actually going to have stuff ready tomorrow (not much but a start). One of my friends bought Hippie Dragon =)
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience with Axe Body Spray? Ping back for more info! :-)
Just tapped Alaskan Freeride Pale Ale.
that is so dicusting
You bet! Done.
This thunder is ruining my monday night novelas!!
amazing hosts, superb guests @ great location.. thank you!
Society to hold panel discussion on W&M curriculum w Anne Neal, ACTA President, March 14, 2012 at 4 p.m. in the Great Hall, Wren Building.
Go online, dine and recline above the city skylines. Drink fine wine and Mai Tais. Sit back and F-L-Y. ©2011
kitty is pissed off i haven't gone to bed yet, guess I will
Bring your hearts, the ability to smile and to put one foot in front of another.
The album is amazing Adam<3 Hope to see you on tour soon! xoxo <3
good now I can use iheartradio
RT : I love that so readily adopted the sobriquet #waynebot. // If the shoe fits . . . ;)
minute clinic was closed. lame. but i def have no plans for tonight
I think everybody ought to get prosperous and famous and do everything they ever desired so they may notice that it is not the reply.
Me: Mom, you & dad have the house to your self tonight. Mom: maybe dad can fix my dryer tonight, that would be sexy. Me: bahahahahah
exactly why #entrepreneurs need to be punished for wealth and job creation to sate the mob?
Thanks for the follow, I follow back
forgive me for failing to keep your girls straight. your love life is hard to follow.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. Jim Carrey
Afro Man Kids Space Trivia Quiz: What is a world's strongest metal?
Hahaha hey! That wasn't about you dear. Sheeeesh. Don't shoot
I really can't believe this....RIL Vesta Williams. Sweet Love was the joint! Dang.
WHAP essay about New York city is not exactly the best thing
What's up Twitter
leaving for san fran to see my family in a few hours. so excited i can hardly sit still.
you know i dont sleep #Graveyard Shifts BlackShadeMafia
Good Morning :)!!
Dear God, could you please get rid of my cold?
I have a Sessions Only Pass for sale. Event is sold out! DM if interested.
Not necessarily! There are a million fan-vote competitions that end in weird ways... see EA being named "Worst Company" ;) ^BPS
Look at you with the fabulous Coach Greene! Keep up the good, hard work Dez!
Ahh I'm SO full.
Nariana Smith from Chapel Hill Middle says hello and she is so proud of you DM me so I can send you her number!!!!
Booking requests for private and workshop pageant & performing arts coaching in your area can be sent to
follow me bck :)
The only positive of Berman on US Open is reaction when it comes on the air.
maybe the life before.
shower time :p
Congratulations r March MVP. Nominated by team for her everyday AWESOMENESS in #PR! & a great person to boot
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Headed to a wrap party for a Comedy Central show I shot a few weeks ago. Li'l nervous about going solo--wonder if I'll know anybody there?
Art show. Free beer & wine.
This week has been so slow! Church tonight.. If mom will take me :/
Awesome! Ultimate reset day 9. Down 12 lbs, I miss my main dish though, we're now eating side dishes. Lol.
I really hardly ever talk about her, let alone type about her.
RT“: Close walkers: I cant tell if we're racing or u just wanna be awkwardly close 2 me. Either way it makes me want 2 trip u."
Is there any good movie in theater?
Blinded by the neon Baylor uniforms... Wonder who thought that was a good idea?!
Is it your birthday?! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Here's a kiss #muah & a #birthday spanking ;)
Great to meet you , very dope store you guys got.
Ay we gone ustream live today. Make sure yall stay tuned
Nope. Makes perfect sense. I totally run off my stress too. Keeps me from taking it out on others.
Already miss my family :( cc:
thanks can u follow me cuz i have a new icon
GOOD MORNING Beauties!
believe it or not, football tonight.
That awkward moment when you over-hear a joke in someone else's conversation and accidentally laugh out loud..oops
"A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work."
my mom? ew. why? & what's your idea?
wish I could have been there! Vacation sounds good right about now.
Having a very deep conversation with my three year old sister about raccoons
Retrofitting our TEI-XML markup of HUCK FINN 2003 to restore page numbers to editorial content. Print paradigm isn't dead yet.
thank you! Pleased to get the first one under my belt.
I can't even eat ...i should not be feeling this emotional
a song about what it feels like living in a "fishbowl" without any privacy. Or one about what gives u your strength.
Thank you for the add. When you get time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
I can't wait until I can finally get my licence
GO PILOTS! I think he needs more enthusiasm when announcing the games... =D Good season coming up!
Question for you... tried (with no luck) calling Jawbone #. Siko is a mutual friend, hoped you could help. Best way to connect?
working with true dudes today. brick house for lunch?
that's why wrapping P + E together can be useful
Awww too cute
Yeah, the team could have done a quick rebuild and tried to set for 2013-15. Go back farther, and other things could have been done.
he kept him up outta respect
To check-in? On your seat!
Welcome to
you can do it Frenchie! I really would love to see u slim down simply for your health cuz u already look great.
Thanks for my beautiful letter-pressed print. Got it in the mail today. It was like its own little ray of sunshine!
Thanks for the love!
grab a mix1 post workout. 2:1 carb to protein. Antioxidant package. NO gluten, soy, lactose or caffeine.
If the grass stopped growing and the bugs stopped biting...the summer would be perfect!!
Heading off to Zumba! :D
i know
What is #pdxshift about?
I will only forgive you if, when it comes down to it, I know you hurt as much as I did. lol. No, that's not true...always.
- OK, that is definitely awesome with the Tom Tom Darth Vader voice. :-)
would like to thank for merchandise for the dining by design show.
Awesome tool, thanks for sharing. been wanting to unfollow the dead for sometime.
thank you for sharing my startupamerica webinar!
Bitch don't make fun of my videos, while I'm doing that your having sex on a picnic table getting caught(;
RT : Ain't it ashamed how they Fuck up your name..
accept my follow request , i cant see any of your tweets ! :(
Oh, maybe!
Pudgy Hank is pudgy.
just went I thought I was taking a break on traveling too. Lol. Nope!
try talking in that 8am class so you could leave me alone #youtalktoomuch #yourmouthismovingbutareyousayinganything?
...Tagore translated a lot of his own writing into English. And then there are many translators, especially of his last poems.
you are very beautiful :)
At the Systems two, mixing "Twelve" day 3 !
yeah you can't not like it's just not possible lol
Yeah some call timeouts some let the play go, some yell foul, some yell get back. RT : at the end of games?
People scream that they are down for the team but are playing on both sides.
lmao oh well she got the point
Now to see if my skills are rusty -.-
Drake is in town wish you were to :(
This election is tearing my family apart!
what other things do I need to send you?
i dont even use binders anymore. I just throw my papers in my backpack
Twitterific does work with , which I use. Not sure on readitlater.
great reference.
I never use the phrase, "Your guess is as good as mine" because, well... it's not.
No one in #kohails community will reject your patch saying "you're stupid, go away."
Just learned Davy Jones died. RIP!
I like Mikey. A lot <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> he showed me what love is <U+2764> USKALWKWOYEVENEK LOVE YOU MIKEY <3
I *love* Herb & Dorothy. A wonderful love story!
RT : Horrors! Somebody's removing the books from my room! Where'd this little book come from?
Nigga be heartbroken see his ex at a party and get next to the closest hoe & try and engage conversation with her just to get the ex jealous
ESPN: Tim Tebow traded to NY Jets.
I think you could. What's more fun is when others see your work on tv & tell you about it.
what kinda add was that?
Omg . Creepy
do ashes have enough nutrients to grow things? remember in winter's bone at the meth house where katniss judged the plant heights?
it's so fucking hot.
tube tube tube
hahaha yes please
To everyone who got a blank discount card at the show, hit us up and we'll give you a code to use!
Beautiful black girl.. I bet that bitch look better red
so i wanna see a unicorn like really bad :D
u still could have saved them retard
Checking tv listings. Discovered most popular program seems to be Paid Programming
Hey Guys - thanks for the mention. I hope all is well down under!
Oh no RT : Oh no. RT : Maurice Sendak, author of 'Where the Wild Things Are,' dies at 83 -
Yup, especially with all the recent complaining about the upcoming fare increase.
Congratulations to the 2012 LearningElite award winners!!
awesome, I love Atlanta, it is my home!
Sweet hat!! Go Brewers!
I saw it Friday afternoon. Pretty much exactly what I expected, but I liked it. It's pretty fun.
What can i say dude.. i love coffee :D
any specific reason? I've done it both ways and enjoyed learning new systems, but also enjoy my own world :)
Wow..nicki er Roman was amazing. I would be scared to see inside that woman's head.
be brave, that's why I'm going all in tomorrow in the AM
Getting ready to do the bikini bootcamp (deep breath!)
Finish what you start.
um, no need for name calling little brother!
RT If Lebron loses tonight, the ewoks will celebrate harder than they did after defeating the Empire.
Hey Roger! Just saw you followed my old profile which has been pretty inactive since I started this one. I hope all is well!
The Avengers was a Good Ass movie
And when we think we lead, we are most led
we make you look Emmy worthy. Natural results from Botox, Dysport, Restalyne, Juvaderm, Artefil and more.
I feel like this is a victory!!!
Tomorrow, be safe, be respectful, follow the law
RT you dont want to miss tonight... We are having a Q&A which is always a lot of fun... and we are giving away Dr. Peppers!!
ha, When I got your random "I love October" tweet, I figured a TBL/Bears weekend. I was close :)
Family time!
Merci! RT : La Madeline's pastries are something you'll find in Heaven.
I'm such a nice person ;)
I voted this morning! Did you vote? If you didn't vote, don't worry you have time!
Diecast model cars: N level - China Wall Decoration Stickers - China ...
In case anyone was curious, my skeptical friend went with WordPress after all. He's decided to dive into theming. cc
Live tweeting from #AHA2012 session "Religion, War, and the Formation of an American Identity."
Well said there! But, i just prefer vegetables rich in antioxidants..Organic food is the best..Save our Environment!!
Extremely excited to be playing tonight (6:30pm) w/James Cammack & Alex Raderman, opening for the legendary Les McCann!
Today is Earth Day! The first Earth Day, 42 years ago, led to the creation of the United States Environmental Protection Agency and...
Lol yea im enjoying it :) Ive been dingle for over a month now... Umm just hoping to have a job thats basically it
Need to escape from the office already? Hit up for lunch! We've got $1.50 Tecates ALL DAY!
I feel bad not just for the Bulls, but also the NBA. Takes quite a bit of drama out of the East, no?
Single anyone want to change that?
To all my followers and more importantly those I follow, love all of y'all. Hope that todays reality brings you closer to your purpose and
ha ha most im liken da gangstas
RT : IF YOU CAN SNATCH THIS KIBBLE FROM MY PAWS GRASSHOPPER YOU WILL munch munch munch munch munch munch munch burp SORRY...
Work is done yo, time for some serious recording time
this girl was 5 when she became a mother....thats just fucked up on so many levels.
Happy Birthday, MLK.
In 140 characters or less of course
Girls, please help me.. this girl wont leave me alone.. shes stuck up my ass...like shes fuckin stuck to me.. please help..
We're just 5 days away from kickoff. Remember to not just bring beer, but also water to the tailgate. It's going to be 100 Saturday.
Slayer is the best alarm clock
Is da Internet becoming less about the individual & universal information & more about corporate control & the products they want 2 sell ya?
I can change font in the menu, but display does not change.
Someday we'll need to release the complete 20 minute version of the dub jam off Real Size.
Happy Birthday!!! Hope you had a good one : )
Trilla doe. Everbody follow my big bro !!
having fun in the desert, eh?
LOL thought u did that already RT
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
you are completely and totally right!
It hit me today that I am leaving for sabbatical in two weeks!
To everyone: go outside.
Message me!!
Each moment of life is a miracle and a wonder. - Swedish Proverb
A miracle of bad luck
4:50 am call time to the rocknroll marathon. One hour of sleep, gonna be sweet_________
Aww, thanks! Let us know if you ever have suggestions for items to include.
perfect spring-like weather for TVM tonight!!!
this is you official invite to Spring Training! Bring your hubby too!
Lol. I've only played a few in the past, but Rockstar has never really failed me in the past
i cant text i have a new phone and it sucks lol
WHY aren't there any Woody Guthrie or Townes Van Zandt movies streaming on Netflix?
#BeforeIkickthebucket I want to go to a
Also, I was once able to click on a tweet. It would change colors so I knew where I left off reading.
i was listening to right by my side
Lol I like the beginning <3
So awkward...
I'm mad as hell they didn't give KD the MVP award
Well we went 0-3 at home in the district. Let's make it 3-0 on the road tomorrow.
OMG I HAVENT BEEN HERE IN A LNGGG TIME D: ~Dana
VERY HE IS PERFECT
I would love to see Le Batard get relegated off tv as well. Glad he agrees.
is looking forward to going to #asa2012 in Denver, CO this August and being a part of Honors Program :-)
I have an emergency stash of beer downstairs left over from Y2K. Along with 50 cans of lima beans. So I'll be just fine.
not a bad idea, but haven't we gone down that road before?
Ok let gets this clear Johnny. You ARE NOT, I repeat, ARE NOT better looking than not even a close comparison.
...followed by Strangers by The Kinks?!?! Well I just might have to buy this fella a drink.
paaaleeez. I'll make him get interested in u if u want(:
Had the same feeling. “: Odd. No NFL games on TV are grabbing my attention to couch it this afternoon.”
Little Miss Sunshine
Caribbean Queen ;)
I think so.
: Nice work! Classic! I tear up everytime...
#lol your teeth look like u been knawing on bricks
Today was a good day the heat was on I spent the morning in Newark back home Boom was in town from Cali he still hitting the drums nice
Happy President's Day! We are all about the Daytona 500 this morning - from the race to Laura's trip around the track - join us LIVE now!!!
WHERE THEM SORRY #HEATFANS AT HUH....WANT TO GET ON US #LAKERFANS!!!!!
Ah! Excellent idea. Will put it to the team. Thanks!
I'm wearing earplugs on the streetcar because I lost my ipod. :-(
Please let Jennifer Anniston appear in a movie I might actually want to see.
Two cars down at once, typical Murphy's law BS. Tomorrow is going to be a cluster.
glad to see you in K pool this year. Hope your not picking the Kitty Kats.
watch out, this bitch is officially a licensed driver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you're an adult!! They lost say once you turned 18. I got my first tattoo at 16. ;X
Helping friends in need. Always a good idea!
wow did puff just throw in a black power? Not pc
Feel me tho??
the very arrangement of the items is an interpretive act, like situating text/pics/docs on a map. Their placement becomes info 2/2
I heard drinking the tears of a Gillian is a cure for sadness
hah seriously but I'm going to tour a college so I don't think I want to show up on campus in pajamas..not a good first impression
At Morning Brew, watching Stephen Agustin & the 4th Wall!
just made it to jfk in time to miss my flight
freezing so i happen to be snuggling with my blanket you got me. next to my shred....its my favorite blanket ever.
I need to do this for me & nobodyy else .. because I need to lovee myself before I can lovee anybodyy else ..
Heading to take a photo of our auction board! WOOT! All proceeds from the billboard auction go to Miracle on Canal St.
Hills out your ass, one way streets everywhere, narrow streets, high sales tax
I would like to know how many people thought the first scoring play would be a safety?
Dear Recruiter, I just want to let you know, that I work for THE organization, THAT creates THE product, for which you ARE calling me!
you know the person I'd love to choke though...
"I sneeze and hits come out." - Dandy Warhols singer-songwriter Courtney Taylor-Taylor on his process
Prepare to say 'wtf' out loud at least a dozen times.
Peter Odemwingie still smiling and scoring with West Bromwich Albion
Had to volunteer at a "low income housing" computer lab all day. One guy googled "sex robots" for 2 hours, the other looked up hookers.
thanks for shout out to Check out & guested We heart !
I make mistakes. I make poor choices. I acknowledge these things, and grow to defeat them.
have a Faygo for me.
RT : Crazy how you can literally leave a piece of your heart in a country (Guatemala) - :D Thank you for volunteering with us!
Respect my conglomerate
Did you know Glade offers oil diffusers that will scent a larger space for up to 30 continuous
One way you know a guy like you of he always getting advice from you or he always scared to talk to you or looks at you <3333
When your 13 year old sister calls you to tell you she's 5'3" now, asks how tall you are, and then starts cracking up. #im5'4"
Good times and just. Wrong....
Jimmy Protested!! :) RT : No
What's worse? A Chrysler car or a Fiat? Excuse me, I mean which is better?
I know where you sleep at night.
#BurnNotice is one of the best shows on TV! #Miami :)
Too many squats yesterday. can't move.
Twitter tip #3: Twitter doesn't make things official. You aren't "officially" over David Gordon Green until you've filled out all the forms.
I'm down for Wednesday.
Thank you! like your name!
that sounds perfect!
Keeping it classy, Pittsburgh.
Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying the sunshine, but you wish it was a little warmer!
Thanks for a great evening at the #BigThrill, Boston! And our sponsors, and for making it happen.
You're welcome word friend. Exciting times ahead :)
Happy Birthday to Less C. One of the first to follow Amazedradio
I made the 11:45 am show opening day, in point of fact, so whenever you have the time to kill I'm more than ready.
Me , Myself & I ...Trying
One of our printers was busted for 2 days. The tech came right on time with the parts. We can now print out Volume 14.24 at full speed!
i miss your videos Hope! ;)
that's cool haha :))
Where's the girl of my dreams at
U thnk life a game but all u gt is a turn
Well if you ever need a writer to come down there, maybe help with your marketing or something, I'm your woman! :-)
Twbow to Jets? Now we get to beat him twice a year in the regular season?
homegrown cow is what now? Raised in the house?
Destroy and Rebuild until god shows
Beirut at Turner Hall - definitely Tweetworthy
yes its is.
does "I was stressed by finishing an English paper, took a power nap & forgot to set my alarm" count as a valid reason for missing an exam?
right haha my feed is constantly live
Yup. One of my weekly "not to miss" chats
break day from skool :D Lol watching battle: los angeles and eating a pizza :)) #Hmu!!
You don't get what you wish for. You get what you work for.
I'm in Woz lounge with time to kill before judging if you're around let me know.
AW YEAH!!!
This just emphasizes my last RT lol. RT : Some of y'all ain't shit. But I guess I'm stuck with you at this point
throw strikes, Brandon...
You are the bride of God, His fiancee. Based on how you treat Him do you think He should marry you?
They got bust your jeans pinto beans and no tellin what's in it cole slaw ... #gavins favorite
Couldn't make Travel&SocialMedia tonight but keep the tweets coming!
Register now at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
Today, my marker board reads: 'This month is Farm Animal Awareness Week
Isn't Betty in Florida the lady who thinks Tebow will be a good NFL QB because he "walks with Jesus"?
That Food 4 Less @ 67 & Ashland good Store 4 food go there all the time
We're curious... Any Ducks or WDE fans out there?? Who are you all rooting for tonight??
True that!
Prepping for sept show. How about you?
Been seeing a lot of talk on my TL today bout hiphop here in the Ville, gonna speak on it real quick.
And tomorrow we will have a lot of money .. -From where? -I bought the printer:-D
Hi. If you haven't found someone for this, we could help. DM us and we can set up a time to chat.
Oh. I think ours is an essay-test combo. Yay.
Good thing you didn't get it signed by Jimmy...don't think HE is getting his second tonight
l OOkin good keep it up
now you're talking. Or now you're tweetin'. Way to go Lennar!
I CAN do WHATEVA I WANT....Ma'am!!! SUE ME!!!
I don't think the availability of my monthly account statement requires an email w/ a subject line that begins "Alert!"
well, I have to keep it going or I will lose it. :)
Note to self: stop saying omg -_-
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
Thanks for sharing the blog day info, Kathleen!
you wrong... Pie is better
Congratulations on finding your sweet Pikachu!
It's funny how I used to be your world, but now you wont allow me in your life.
#TeamSingle its fun for a while then it gets lonely.<|3
I no longer need caffeine I simply follow sung.
Congrats to my girl Adele! You rock
aha :D so im curious how did you find me :)
I really miss #oomf Want to take a nap together ---->
Ames where is Jackie??????
what's adam levine doing at a Payphone in 2012? Doesn't he have a cell phone? Haha
Running sound for the women's meeting.. & yes I'm the only dude here! My dad would be proud:0]
My uncle keeps asking for.everything on the table at this dinner, and wants everything in an extra large size....#GetOutMuch???
It's raining : /
Out of all the trends that have started cool then became annoying, I don't think any achieved it as quickly as
We can dream.. RT : The weather is so nice right now I thought I was in San diego
ur so nice. Ur not bothering me I'm done now though I only had a little bit to do
Going to cvs to get some pretzel m&m :)
yeah you did! where are you from?
Put gas in the car for the first rime since January.
ya , but we can visit many park here and so noisy . We can see christmas tree with the light I love that so really amazing ! Metoo:|
Album update: Dave's doing some scratch tracks tomorrow. Get excited because we've got 16 songs in the works!
The average person tends to neglect the emotional, mental & spiritual part of themselves...but will spend time on the physical...
How are all you Beautiful people doing this Beautiful evening?!? I'm in such a good mood for no reason! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> :D
We've got alot to learn, Cuz God knows were worth it! No I Wont Give Up On Us...
I need a lady. Or a dog. I don't know.
Happy Birthday to the king....
It's a 'me, a jar of peanut butter and a spoon' kind of day.
i wish it was u
me? I'm never sadd ;)
Tonight we've got photogs covering the LaCueva/Cibola and WestMesa/Highland football games in #ABQ. Are you going?
Yea, most of what George has built seems really fascinating. I used to live in the East Bay & am drawn to Marin County.
Drew Brees is good at football
Life isn't easy but God helps us if we ask Him to.
I saw a homeless man selling lemonade off I-95. I wonder where that delicious warm pitcher was made. Things that make you go hm.
Free shuttle and tickets to a matchup between 2 of the top 4 teams in the Horizon League. What more do you need? Tip-off at 7 at The Cell.
Who are you trying to impress by wearing that? if they wanted to be your friend they wouldnt care if you were wearing a patatoe sack.
Livin the life
Marina Abromovic and Jay-Z to collaborate on new album/art experience
*sigh* rather not say lol
She followed that up with. "is spike lee the guy that did all those kung fu movies?"
- my band would love to play Slims sometime.
Wearing my graduation gown makes me feel like I should be in a church somewhere singing in the choir and yelling "HALLELUJAH. PRAISE HIM."
Agreed; we're brainstorming all the ways it can be improved, including design/architecture
Haha! It can be crazy can't it!!!!
Evicting protesters doesn't solve anything, it only adds more fuel to the fire.
As in, art submitted for the cover? Or art produced on the finished cover by the publisher?
On advice of #NowFollowing +
good for you
For as UGLY as Steelers have been all year if Denver backs into the playoffs as the 4 seed we may witness the worst playoff game of all time
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
haha oh gosh. You can't leave before its over D:
Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us! Looking forward to your tweets!
Just saw driving.... Again... Lmao
They kept eating my fucking worms!
You don't need to be Irish for this special! St. Patty's Day FB & Twitter Special: $99 room + self parking for 3/12 only! 501-217-6061
we disagree!
Spring cleaning time of year now if only this Las Vegas wind would let up so I can clean some driveways
Again and Again.
like that song
Pit stop at Wendy's.... Hm food.
WE on to Bigger and better things is our new home #raremovement #m.o.b letzgetit
You are a crazy man. You crack me up!
That;s what they all say. :)
hope they are using that $5 to plant new trees ha
Hello Bobbi-Kristina. I loved your mother's music so much. Her music brought tears to my eyes. Bobby Brown is a good man too.
thanks Ted, day 14, lots of opportunity ahead of
We just decided to see Porgy And Bess for the month of March. How is it? Have you seen it?
then after braces i haft to have a retainer for 9 months
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be included
headed to LA. like, right this minute.
No lives forever, But we will be remembered for what we do right now ... the good die young but the great will always last
Oh my way home to lay it down.. very tired
we agree to disagree
Sure! I'd be happy to. Sorry for the delay in responding. I just now saw this message. Danke!
1 week of Google voice + HTC Incredible + Verizon = me being very happy I left the iPhone/AT&T shitstorm (and I'm saving money...)
living it
With two kids from Portland on the squad, I have to pull for Kentucky in this one!
RT : Pastor Winans is officially the Pastor of the Universe. No other preacher has PREACHED on CNN.
ow I see I see... u need brain to study still... again im on my knees daddy ;) in case u need more brain lmao
what are the top 5 tests patients are requesting?
very cool!
Bring home a win for Brew City!
Good early morning! I am feeling very awake, thanks to my coffee :) See you on from 5-7am with
on the mixtape I'm rapping on this fast track
Agree! did mention that on the video. Depends on what your biz or brand is about, usages of course are differently.
vs in an mma bout who wins and how......
She's everything by Brad Paisley never gets old. #countrymusic makes me happy.
Just got done wine tasting in Temecula....awesome,
Thanks for RTs!
Does anyone have huge plastic nuts I can borrow for a photo shoot?
ready for the weekend! Time to relax and study!
Dude tried to sell me some dvds at the liquor store told me 3 for 5 Mothers Day Special
ooh where exactly in Castleton will you be at?
you picked Adam Scott? Really Kev?
RT : "Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant." Robert Louis Stevenson
jus caught a muscle spasm lol
Nighty night twitter
it's raining.
lol man his heart lives for the game! We got the next games, then sweep the spurs and were in the finals! :D
This weather is putting me in the best mood ever. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
When you like somebody's photo from months ago and you realize they are gonna know you were creeping :P
Really...you bottle rats!!!
Dang the Lakers suck tonight...
Haha. I actually remember watching my mother clean up my older brother's. And he was in high school.
Good morning yall! You know what time it is. You should already have your daily worm. No breaks for the successful.
ATTENTION ALL CITIZENS OF TWITTER DO NOT EAT TACO BELL ANYMORE THE MEAT THEY GET FROM CHINA IS DOG AND CAT IT HAS BEEN TESTED & PROVEN TRUE
I can still smell it on my hands :(
Round 2... The Porters of Hellsgate PRESENT The Merchant of Venice TONIGHT at 8PM.
What's good?
Frustrated to the point that not even distractions can help :/ let's see if I can get some sleep tonight.
Are you sure you are not in London? Your tweets are strangely synchronised with our weather. :-)
aight aight aight....this just aint right....my BFF is fighting with a belieber...idk who's side im on o_O
I'm following why aren't you?
RT : #wearing green DVF dress, camel chie miharas and carrying new purse.
some people are stupid
$4.2+ Billion Saved Last Year by Premier Healthcare Alliance Members Improving Processes and Efficiencies in Care ...
Dream chaser 2 meek mills stop u killing them meek and im only on the intro
never mind got me lead back!
I'm gonna take a #SUMO nap..
Portland's own Brenda Braxton from will be on #Grimm tonight make sure you tune in it's the only drama I watch
Super moon tonight and happy Cinco de Mayo!
Houston rappers > Dallas rappers
Thanks for the
Omg some people are freaking hilarious, their opinions and observations !
Literally no one watching the Ximena Sarinana Coachella feed right now.
Being sick <
That's from the CDC, but you ain't heard that from me.
Prevents nip-chaffing
Got a good look at what it's like to be #backstage today
quick hello to our new followers , , and
Has anyone ever been the security guard ar trophy bar for halloween? I'm calling it for next year. Such a choice costume.
Garber: Drought watch: things you should know
wicked delayed reaction, but I drove past you near The Complex last week. So...yeah.
I'm going to bed I got to get sleep night
NF: follow back
The Readers’ Writers: Author Eve Marie Mont
ugh the refs r STUPID as usual
sorry was out practicing. Agree.
ok what did u do chick
When and Where?RT We desperately need volunteers to man intersections, man the REALTOR® Tent, or hand out food to the runners
GREAT #APP: Multihand Blackjack by Pepper Dog Soft. Best #blackjack trainer. Great UI, teaches basic strategy, card counting!
if you jinx him
Cheap nigga if you was liqor I'd probably throw ya ass up!
Spread the word! Spread our name! Let's #GrowTheGame #kansascity!
Still waiting until uploads his surprise. <3 can't wait. :)
Longman must be cooking up a giant batch of sloppy joes, because holy crap does it smell good over here.
Westsode players bout bright as hell. Lmao!
Out with and Learning some Secrets #Allergic To
y yu tryin bagg thought we was on team
*My science teacher today* "Well if you go to Texas you can see the solar eclipse. me: Oh yes i was just gonna randomly stop by thanks LOL
bitch at this party checking her numbers on mega million
Von Paris: official mover of the Baltimore Orioles. Should Baltimore sports teams really have official movers? #Mayflower #Colts #ohshit!
Know anyone who can't get Dental or Medical ?? see, www.tek4health.com
I couldn't find source article for 50% patients not remembering Dr's info but would like to see breakdown by age/condition
Mitt's money + Rick's intellect + Sarah's tude + Kim's bod = a practical image of the ideal woman I would LOVE to one day become. Thank you.
Hadn't thought about sharing this way. I do. Am willing, I think. Critic is scary.
Injustice can be eradicated, but human clashes and natural limits can't be eradicated.
definitely! I have experience is PR, SEO & Affiliate Marketing. also guest blogs for & could prob help out too!
So much for enjoying the CATS game this weekend. #college . Maybe I should just fucking kill myself.
i have short fat fingers .. they cute doe
Great new followers this week. Happy #FF!
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
you hurt our playboy playmate!
time to check me some new york city weather GOSH !!! some rain today!!! no
We were ALL over that this weekend!
We're so proud of our spring workshop series- contact us to find out more!
Is your official Mexican DJ tonight and !
HNY to you too - I was in London for New Years. How bout you?
playlist on all day. Thanks
I can't turn away without knowing you'll be alright
has great news information. I am proud to be following!
I shoulda went to chipotle today to celebrate cinco de mayo
Met grammy-award winning slack key guitarist Jeff Peterson last night at a small concert near Waikoloa. Inspiring guy!
Dear , Got your letter. Thanks for pwning me so good. Keepin' It Real, PowerPoint
World of Beer Festival is now on Twitter! -
Big thanks for your support!
It's 7am in Fort Worth, Texas. It's going to be a perfect day with sun and 70's. Have a great day everyone ^-^
are you going to the party at The Loft?
Just spent $217 on textbooks for ONE CLASS...sadly, that was a deal compared to what the bookstore wanted to charge....
ok- I still have the marketing analysis I did for you. I can drop it off this week if you like, since it's already done.
loves sudden NY downpours. :)
Ms. B's grading scale: -does better job on homework- Asian: 93% Mexican: 77%.....
Have you ever noticed that “lol” looks like a drowning man? I don’t think he was laughing out loud..
I don't like chocolate so I think I'm biased.
HAHAHAHAH classy very nice.
It truly makes me mad and upset when my plans get ruined.
HOT SPOT! In-DAS Engineer in Phoenix, AZ; Detroit, MI; Seattle, WA; NY/NJ Apply to: or 312-912-8748
Loving this weather!
Great! Nice restaurant RT We are gonna b a way cooler place now. New A/C unit being installed. Re open for dinner at 6.
One babbling mind Pollutes the silent landscape - Or all just one song?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat? How do you let folks know where you're going w/out
": For those asking, yes, Jimmy Smith and Cary Williams are the Ravens' starting cornerbacks for Sunday."
Austins curly hair>>>
The sex great no I dnt give her no half pipe
Is it me, or does it seem like I'm getting less sleep when the sun rise is later?
i think the lesson isnt learned then if you keep taking the same chance :-)
Wish there's a grocery store that has kimichi, 5 spice & quinoa under one roof so i don't have to do multiple runs.
o really ! link please lol
Hustle + Muscles = Success
Jerry Brown making history in history classrooms
Yes! We look forward to more sabragemanship. Cheers!
What was Felton's + - tonight.... My guess is not good
Rape a pregnant bitch, tell my friends i had a threesome.
thanks! glad i'm not the only one a little aggravated
Meanwhile the Kicks are giving the Heat about as much resistance as a warm stick of butter.
the bar will be even worse.
Butler = clutch cargo. Raise your hand if you totally called it. Just me? Cool.
Bringing my baby a steak, loaded baked potato, and his favorite caesar salad <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4> for dessert home made rice crispy treats <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT Open Access Is Infrastructure, Not Religion is.gd/l1R8Pk Wise words on the #openaccess wars by
thy king requests that you show me yours lol ^_^
My hair isn't red anymore! :0.
“ Send 5 people really encouraging messages today about who they are in Christ and watch what God can do with so little.”
Wearing my shirt today! :)
love you both :)
Your premise?
Sandie and Tim always take good care of me. I missed you today! Someday we will meet!
Who is the best foreign band you have recently heard?
he wasn't clutch before but he grew into a clutch player this postseason...still not a full believer tho
sounds fun have fun guys not to much ok ?
it's a different generation, not everyone understands the same thing.
oh wait you're going out now?
will you marry me ? ;)
Youre not that cool yet lol
no! They are super difficult to find!!
All I want to do is be close to you, I know I might be a screw up but baby I know all I want is you
I'm sure you did great! Don't worry, I mess up playing all the time! :P
unfortunately no I did not have cloud storage setup.
no not at All. We will put dallas's Stadium to shame
instead of putting red in my hair like every other girl at school (that was my idea first) ima go put blonde in my hair BRB GUIISSS
Happy Friday LinkedIn friends!
iight see you soon baby girl
Headed north for our first Farm Beginnings class. Today's session is "Starting on Solid Ground: Integrating Values & Goals."
also, if you got Obsidian or Fez soundtrack out on vinyl i would buy that in a heartbeat. just sayin
Just about 15 more minutes until the Castle finale!!
Looking forward to a full day in NYC. Stop by the table to get answers to those social media marketing questions!
new blood !
#furchat havent used them yet, but they look like a better solution than flying on a regular airline.
What better way to spend ur Friday then at a wine tasting with a dozen of beautiful ladies...we R having a Ball
If you haven't done so yet, check out our site www.allWIdoiswin.com start reppin, now!
Movies would be better with Chocolate. #chocolatemovies "The Good, The Bad, and The Chocolate"
In a debate vs. Qadiyanis, Ml. Anwar Shah corrected their rendering of Fawatih al-Rahmut's 'ibarah, a book that he GLANCED at 32yrs prior.
RT Magnum ice cream? Really?--its real good too!
Have you ever heard the audible sigh of relief in your workplace on Friday? Wouldn't life be grand if they were this relaxed AL WEEK?
FUN FACT: Benjamin Franklin invented swim fins to help him swim faster in the Charles River as a boy.
Are you a ghostwriter? Share your experiences with those "clients from hell"
look at your avi and then talk
I miss you so much, that I cling on to random facts to think you miss me as much!!
Do Chinese and Japanese people get tattoos in English on their bodies?
Exactly! Seems so many health fairs and events are also used to promote procedures or fee services
Who will be COURSEY tomorrow for the #BCSFREEtickets GIVEAWAY!?! :)
RT : #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay nah you guys go ahead to bdubs without me, I'm not that hungry
What's the subject of your blog?
I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like
Are you going to watch the Oscars tonight?
This bus reeks of weed!!! Yummy
House party in brentwood woop woop
Great follow-up. Zeller. Defense.
#GodsGood All the time....
Today just got better...
Gwyneth, Lana del Rey, everyone: stop it with the long cape trend, we want to see the dresses
I am oddly impressed by this woman in the security line. How much time & makeup did it take to look and dress like Pam Anderson? It's 5 am!
meh record it for me!
I'm trying to make it happen, but I might be heading to England for a feature.
worst day of the week for me. Math class. The rest of the week I'm god if you are. Campus Diner misses us.
hey I love Wat u say bout love there's not tht many guys tht hve the gut to say tht
Hello Riverbend Retreat Center! Ready to rock with the Rhea's Mill students tonight!!!
. get use to it, cuz you're working the door at all my shows now.
On the couch, watching classic Bugs Bunny cartoons w/the fam. And THAT'S what's up, Doc!
Yes, it's called the Valvepod, and it is over-priced, super-sexy, and only works with things downloaded from Steamtunes.
thinks that Donald Driver is wants to hire Tonya Harding's brother to improve his odds on DWTS.
: are you proposing a Hawaiian coworking event? (Please do!!!) :)
Hopes of today is down the drain
I met a meticulous zealot who brought rocks to the beach. He believed all shorebirds were evil, so he left no tern unstoned.
What should I get for our 5 year anniversary? 5 years of dating. -- jsitton71 () season tickets for the packers.
I can't even take Lebron seriously with that hairline tho ....
w those same issues RealMad is finishing 3rd. Differences in the top 1% are incremental & fortune plays a starring role.
I'm home already I just went for a cd&to see if AT&T could fix my phone but they won't look at it because I'm not (cont)
I may have spoken too soon on the iOS 5 update- none of my non-Apple apps are opening, grrr!
Can't wait to get my computer back so I can deactivate this stupid twitter account... Won't come soon enough...
I like it because she keeps you engaged and focused without making you feel like a loser. She's actually pretty supportive. :)
We're now open for dinner hrs. All of you that are tired of eating the same things every week should come check it out. Open till midnight!
Funny, I don't remember being the only kid in class when we were taught #TheGoldenRule Do unto others as you would have done unto you
Happy Mother's Day Mom!! <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Having a #raging time with
Sharing edmodo with my MAT class. How many of you use it and like it?
Burnett gives Jay Hay the shaving cream pie to the face.
Unlimited download access to over 100 Digital Resource Books. Less than $50 for #sschat crew. Please direct msg. me if you are interested.
Goodnight<U+2665><U+2665> Sleep with a huge smile on my face.
How many times do you say "like" in a day? :O
Sometimes, things that seem really profound are just... not.
Love never dies. ("Bram Stoker's Dracula") Francis Ford Coppola
See you Thursday!
and those that reclassify or ranked number one are usual red flags
A big *BIG* congrats to one of our own, for being named one of the Outstanding Undergraduate Scholars! Way to go!
Jessica Simpson finally has her baby - NECN
“: I still love Phil and Luke though. They should get their own show. #MyOneDad” Agreed that are the most funny!
You know so little about golf. It's kinda hard to take you seriously
hey Darcy! Thanks for the retweet! :)
Top priority for Sherman will be to recharge the run game, no? It'd open up his play action QB roll-out. DeCastro fits. Agree?
Fourth "V" for #BigData (alongside: Volume, Velocity, Variety) has to be "Virtuosity" re. ability to extract useful insights via
Sending self Palin-esque emails to be sure out-of-office is working: "You are the best governor of your cubicle ever. Xoxo, your brain."
“: Capturing photographs of lightning must be an art form in itself.” they leave it on auto bro haha
WE HAVE ANOTHER WINNER: YUP- JOHN STARKS
A beautiful woman with tattoos who's got one hell of a sense of humor? I think I found myself a new friend in :)
sure! And thanks!!
NFC Season preview up on www.benchplayersports.com. Check it out and comment.
Have to get 1984. I'm not looking forward to this
IT'S ALWAYS NAPTIME SOMEWHERE
how much you adore me(:
Would it kill itunes to make Rue's whistle a text tone?
pls follow me back :-)
"he outta line, fonkin ova pussy...new boy in the game..straight rookie "
Love that you are doing this today; though, since it's a holiday, I'll be with family; hope it comes back again!
a break is in line... some serious change is in order.. but beyond that... I'm not sure.
O/U Sanchez starts more than five gms? I m goin under
Thanks for the RT Stacy! Nice to meet you at
Drew's looking forward to returning home next month to see what the are up to!
Yippee!! Enjoy EPCOT today and have a Mickey IceCream Bar for me!! Don't forget to ride Soarin'!!
These peopl are literall rlly good on xbox...gamers much..I got 5 kills and 16 deaths!!ima done with xbox live
What would you do if you seen someone getting bullied?
The #love of learning; the sequestered nooks and all the sweet serenity of books. - Henry Ward Beecher
Engaging presenters make all the difference at #sxsw. Seen the best and worst already.
So, he was just the chauffeur??? lol Did i spell that right???
Completely understand your predicament. Twitter is a great way to get the message out and appreciate you doing so.
Officially addicted to the Honey Roasted Cashews .
my first reaction was "hollinger boxes!"
Thanks so much ! I had a pretty great day :)
Today is glorious day!!!
Kim Joonmyun is a guardian. Omg. He can watch over me anyday. It's all good. Omg.
The Best Deals are comming!!!
The world's greatest and sexiest grad ball date
These cuts to #SSBG will have signifiant impacts on abused children & the services to help them.
I bet none y'all know Al Horford is dominican...
with messianic rulership over the nations, sitting on the throne of David, bearing his "new name".
Testimony beginning in court hearing on public access to Capitol.
Thanks to all who came for the beer tasting. New fave was a porter from small Danish brewer To Ol. Look for it on our tap list soon.
am I the only one who fell off their bed dieng laughing at this? Lawlllll.
Any hit guys text me on KIK (:
Jill Scott.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Come visit us for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
omg I'm gonna be going to Bosten to!!!!!!!
Going back to Rage. Taking on new meaning right about now. My only thought: WHY DO I CARE?
omg he's the next one? What a cutie!!!
what's that again?
LSU awarded prior to bowl, Iowa received the FWAA after the bowls.
I know my birthday was 6days ago, but it would be great to get a 'Happy Birthday'.... PLEASE??? ...I love you<3
Have You Ever Had A Near Death Experience?
Missing someone
RT : 80% of Americans believe education system is broken, yet 80% of parents think their schools are fine - Jon Schnur
Lol what do you mean? I have already done that to my room
An American will play Princess Di while Aussie network yanks cash from Jane Campion's Top of the Lake b/c Elisabeth Moss isn't a national.
I'm surprised there aren't crazy gelt hunters raiding the west coast to snatch up debris from the Japanese Tsunami.
People into every pitch here at Coors. Ubaldo is beautiful. 1-2-3 in first inning...
haha that's harsh but it's ok:))
doing great!! Thanks!
cuz everyone thinks their BS is better than everyone else's BS!
Congrats!!!!!!! So happy for you both!
Off to the High Museum! Closing of "Picasso to Warhol" exhibition tonight, with DJs, guest lectures and DIY screen printing!
sorry mistweeted wrong handle :)
I'm in Panama! Halfway there!!
Salad diet today lol
Yay! See you at the show.
it would be so much better if tomorrow didn't exist and we could just skip on over to thursday. who needs march 31st anyways?
so far so good! you
Negra! it's on the label!
I wake up morning feeling better then yesterday. But anywho u learn for a lot if things and life
Someone develop a genius tool for ISD folk - "since you use this activity, you may also like something like this"...
I know!!! And I'm pretty good! How are you??? ;p
If you are real, let me see you clap your hands!
The Wave have another power play.
A girl's way of putting together furniture: everytime it tells me to screw, I hammer. Seems to be working...
I know we need some tall retailers with clothes and prices like and trendy and inexpensive. :)
seriously. Here in the US we don't pay teachers enough too, but its always tough to see starving artists w/ real skill
I know there are proms going on tonight. Please everyone be careful. :-)
#whyad2? Because I get to spend this lovely Spring Saturday with
I wish :( I have to work tonight..
Loved the #chipotle ad just now!
Interesting concept - students need to learn how to read online differently than a book. Anyone teach this?
Got message from #AT&T that I'm using too much data despite unlimited plan? Looking into legal options for possible breach of contract.
Don't Do Sadness is being uploaded tonight! Keep your eyes peeled!
Father daughter bonding, singing One Direction <3
Now that's the best fun a man or woman could ever have as long as it was with you!
The Avengers was good af
She's due October 3! :)
I am a beast a lousivell chigger
In this market be careful to choose your mortgage lender carefully. They are not all equal!
Finding cheap hotels in NYC is getting tougher. And don't say Jamaica works.
only if someone gets mad about it
vacant or rent it out?
RT : So are yall happy they might actually "Free Boosie" one day? Oh. <~I'm surprised that the "Free Boosie" campaign worked lol
just booked my flight for California!!!
OMG you beat Lucy to death with your football, Charlie Brown.
Wanna get out da house ...!!!!
Hey sexual. I wanna be your toiletgirl.
#teamfollowback LEHHH GOO. I follow back. I follow EVERYONE that follows me.
checking out how to use Zamzar to download YouTube videos
RT : RT : When spider webs combine - they can tie up a lion
Accepting casting resumes for directed by e-mail
yes, please! RT : baking for the team at the office tomorrow. cake for breakfast?
I'm so tired of going out. I've hardly been home since Friday
It's official! the caipirinha is the Friday office adult drink!
That was a good one!!
'You Hurt My Feelings' (the new film from Steve Collins, starring ) is now on Twitter:
were the party at im down party hard yea
Jacksons franklins either one of them
Im happy for yall NYC Mahomies & everything.. but there's other states out there too. He shouldnt just go to the same state all the time ..
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming" - John Wooden
I just want someone to give me the feeling you did
I'm screamin WHAT THE FUCK IS UP?, like I ain't seen the sky
Let's not say Old when we mean Distinguished, now.
Just cheated the diet and had a few spoonfuls of ben and jerry's strawberry shortcake frozen yogurt!! Might as well hit wing house tonight!
Why must my flight this morning be So. F'ing. Early?
me too! Thursday/Fridays are the best!
Happy Easter!
Any guess who will be returning punts tomorrow? Should be a lot of action for whoever it is...
Simply put, prayer opens the doors for enormous power to flow into your life – the power of God.
What's everyone up to today?
Pretty sure GOPer email inboxes say the same thing.
Ground the beans. Put water and pot into coffee maker. Turned on delay brew. Detect the missing step? Woke up to a pot of hot water this am.
I love you with ALL my heart! Think about you all day! :)
I hope not! RT : Are companies who use Google + well, do they also send the same messaging out thru other social venues?
haha what's up Samm how is the ol' parkway drugs treatin ya
Hey there Deliah what's it like in New York City? I'm a thousand miles away, but girl tonight you look so pretty, yes you do. <U+2665>
Think you stink? You are better than tons. Think you are awesome? You still got tons of work to do to be the best!
Let me know when you run your 1st 5k I'll run with you. Become a Possibilitarian.
happy new year everyone, from Caliburr Records, now get started on those resolutions
#thatcampgames Monty Hall Problem demonstrates risk-aversion as students' difficulty engaging in critical thinking
NSAC: We have the opportunity to allow you to come back to us for a license. I would be supportive of Overeem re-applying in 9 months
lol! Have a fantastic day! I'm so excited for you!
I am striving to keep you out of my conscious mind, please stop invading my dreams. It's an unfair battle.
just don't forget me when I make it big
I think Drake's campaign will forever change higher ed brand marketing. Blog post to come...
Listening to 80s music!! #Ilovethe80s And you? What are you listening to?
how's it going? Do you have your plan?!
#NewiCarlyTonight !! Remember To Tune In! Tonights Episode Is Called "iPear Store" !!
Instructional Design info--->
I Might Be A Very Dedicated Directioner But I Will ALWAYS ! Stay ICONic Blue . Its Already In My Blood .
I think it's time for some public nudity. Hook up time at the park!
blew a fuse in my office w/ a space heater. Think I should just work from home.
That concert was so good. He's so talented. I NEED to see him again.
I think I've seen this before ;-) how many twitter accounts do u run? ;-)
If you aren't helping me and if you aren't valuing my help then it's not a relationship. It's a leech.
Predict the future by acting boldly.
Rise&Shine
#MyFirstWishFor2012 is that I continue to stay motivated, spiritual & persistent in bettering my life & the life of my niece!
burned 180 calories doing 30 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
that moment when you order so much chinese food for yourself that they give enough fortune cookies for 3 people.
Bummed I missed you yesterday! I saw Dreux @ the booth but sad I didn't make it to you. Hope day 2 is great!
Up late and thinking about gifts! Mostly about baby gifts-seems like everyone I know is having babies:)
Sweet action! Thanks Today's #BucksThrowbackThursday winner is....
IF YOU'RE AGAINST GAYS HAVING SEX LET THEM GET MARRIED!
if you've got some stats already, share it. It can only help the overall intention.
Tried, but form is broken. Oh well. RT : Have you locally owned business listed in Go Buy Rochester!
The 8 Ft. Fluorescent Tubes show
Her dress is WAY too tight. Extremely unattractive. Makes her look even older than she really is.
now you're getting me worried! ;)
true. Totally devoid of the angles. Still... If he knows how to work it.
doesn't it spellcheck in firefox? and I think my phone checks
#Swaaaaagggggg where are the rest of the photos
I love how #RIM is suing #kik. What a joke. So #blackberry messenger is supposed to be the only messenger service?
I'm so undecided.
In FOCO (Fort Collins) with 2 of my besties. We are doing schoolwork. It is pure bliss. With snow.
t minus one week until the grizz returns...
hey all, thanks for the follow!
Freedom of speech but....RT : Watch what you say. It can get misinterpreted.
Cinco de Mayo Pedal Tavern? Yes please.
40 minutes to get from Mt. Vernon to Federal Hill is ridiculous.
Live from the Byron Nelson in Irving, TX. Steve Elkington getting things going...birdies on 4 of 5 so far...cloudy skies and cooler temps
RT : This is a great site for everybody to view and learn from. My granddaughter is my hero. DJGRANNY1
First of all #ff my beautiful lady she's amazing at everything
ur such a good actress i love Good Luck Chuck ur so pretty
What are three features you would like to see on a sports journalism website?
Hope our captain, Lucy Keith, had a great birthday today! She turned 22!
But im bouta, go to walmart n get me one of these big ass cupcakes
Just living is not enough. One must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.-Hans Christian Anderson
Neal Stephenson Q&A @ Nat BookFest: "Which of your books would you select to be made into a movie? NS: "The shortest one." Nice.
please tell us your thoughts on the GOP race.
well doesnt that show how lame you are(: haha
All set for a German style New Year's Day: Bavarian Omelette, Schnitzel of Chicken, Hoppel Poppel Breakfast Skillet Casserole...
not sure depends if i'm going to Orlando or Miami I don't know yet :p
Oh My Gosh .... I Hate When People Take Sht Farther Than Its Purpose !
Elaine Sullivan F'12: GIS & 3D model allowing researchers to virtually experience Saqqara, ancient Egyptian cemetery
Bernie was a lot of fun!
OH: Calix- I stepped away, what did I miss? Oh, I didn't notice you were gone!
when?!! I miss u so much
You're way outta line son,not a big fan at all, but it is redunkuloushow far people are debasing his talents cause hes white.
I swear to god there's more time for the ads than the actual show.
1 more day of school after today ^_^
RT : I will never be perfect, but I will always be unique :)
WHEN YOU THINK YOU KNOW EVERYTHING, YOU LEAVE NO ROOM FOR GROWTH....
it worked in Up with a house, and that was a documentary. So, yes, yes it will!
Lol I was like is that Sia
you're welcome!
If you had to choose between Your girlfriend and your Bestfriends? What would you choose?
chiquito means little boy...
sleep is for the weak
I'm in A currently. Kind of wish I had chosen B. Meet in downstairs lobby area at lunch?
Actions speak louder than words, lemme try this shit. dead.
Buy a watch for your Mom today and well give you on for free !! Buy one get one
If you are looking for the hottest Gay Places in Orlando go to www.hgpof.com the rest of Florida go to www.hottestgayplaces.com
if having a three-way phone study sesh with Christine and Stefan won't get me a good grade on Huck's test, nothing will...
I have to study for Italian
RT : Quote of the day: I can't tell if people are at #SXSW to learn or just to celebrate how great they think they are.
you can shut up on these nuts lmao
Bahahahaha miss you too!!
I liked it so much i just subscribed! I love your cover of Whip My Hair btw :) xx
The moon is lighting up my room! & that's not a lyric!
heartbroken dude
Through the trees, the red tips of the Lake Mohonk Mountain House come into view.
The next anti-Youtube startup. Follow them to know what they are up to!
And where can you go wrong when you have God with you?? :)
Congrats to our final winner Kelli Martinez!! Wishing everyone a splendid Mother's Day evening.
The book seems really well researched and I like Lord's writing style. Pretty excited about it.
Currently looking for an opening within a local Real Estate Company or Land Developer in an Administration capacity. Preferring part time p…
call somebody or something lol that will put you to sleep
Instead of you itching, you get bitching; instead of you scratching, you get bashing; instead of irritation, you get frustration
GM, I HAVE A PRODUCTIVE WEEKEND AHEAD AND SOME GREAT OPPORTUNITIES TO TACKLE. CLEARED MY MIND OF ALL NEGATIVITY AND HATE! BLESSINGS EVERYONE
almost 10am and i still havent been to sleep but trust and believe when my head hits this pillow later its all over !
#HowImGRAND No matter what happens in my life i stay strong and dont hurt myself
|!~!!+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Save the Date. Post St. Paddy's March Happy Hour set for Wed. March 21 from 6-8
Feels great to laugh! Life is serious enough & way too short! <3 xox
3 page ad!
I want to go to the music festival today..
Wow talking shit about your own sister while shes sitting there carisah your fucking pathetic
My earliest memory of TV press tour was dramatic reading of Thorn Birds press kit over bus PA while headed to Simi Valley.
Good morning and happy weekend most lovely followers!
Hey and others, if you're in the neighborhood, Bliss on 19th in the Heights has HIWI:Ike on sale this week. $14.99.
“: Restore your Afrikan essence” school em
Took a bus(es) to Montana once... took me 2.5 days. Ya, it's a weird way to travel, but very economical.
I'm back on my game!!!!
I unfollow people because they unfollow me first, simple.
I know that's right.
Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I love your name :O
Check your cgu email; I don't have an alternate email.
I just studied half of what I have to, now I need to read 150 pages... Should I take a Grey's Anatomy break? :/ I think so.
man I best hit up NY for a DXC or SneakerCon next time around
any questions you want me to ask Ricky Bo at lunch? No signs of the phanatic yet.
Biggie Give Me One More Chance . >>>
I love daylight savings time. Not a morning person so perfect. And will give me an extra hour to shop
I cannot give you a formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure-which is: Try to please everybody. -Herbert Bayard Swope
#pointlesspope So, Benedict XVI met / Fidel, blessed Chavez & mass for cuban government but had no time for or
The full line of Jethro Baits Products are avaiable on the web at Land Big Fish!
Too much chocolate .
At the Cedar Ridge National Honor Society thing. I don't wanna be here. Omg.
if u can try to get follow me
ABC5 is looking for folks flying over Memorial Day wknd-- there are really cheap deals out there; story for 10!
What? Are you OK?
gets better and better everyshow!
High School coaches, get your athletic directors to talk to us! We can help make your athletic department money and expose your guys!
i think im gonna give away my fest ticket. or maybe come up with a creative idea for someone to win it. sup?
rigatoni basil pesto with chicken, or the tuscan rigatoni. both SO good!
lightning on a webcam? Sweet
cleaning cleaning cleaning!! all this work someone better buy this house. : )
No, she hasn't
#SometimesYouHaveTo believe in yourself and follow your heart!!
Went to school for 3 periods today && tomorrow only going for 1 period :) just because I'm a boss && I can <U+2665> ;)
nothing wrong with white guys lol
is the first person in history of social network to reach Nineteen Million Monsters on Twitter!
A night out at #DFW The Vibe. The Food. #Ridiculous Get some.
Happy Mother's Day ladies!
Any last minute fantasy baseball leagues I can join? Have kinda dropped the ball on trying to find one
Aw...that's pretty awesome of you. We are pretty good at Rockband, but we're better at the stock market. Thanks for the mention!
#Sandusky Can there be a comparison between the MJ molestation accusations and Sandusky? Check out my read on the Insider tonight at 7:30.
by tomorrow
June 1st is about to make us alcohol enthusiasts real REAL happy
Totally, I'd give her some money to grind on me.
Rt His Lonely Heart pushing him over the Thin Red Line in Mad City as he tried to Get Shorty. Now Look Who's Talking!
We haven't gotten to Julie Andrew's Scully yet. ": I could have gone all night without that visual, lol!"
TIL the word "ewok" is never spoken in Return of the Jedi. How did I know what those things were called?
Do they make ultra-fine tip erasable pens?
- all recruiters aren't bad...granted, most of them are...that's why I became one.
What? isn't the only one with #tigerblood, you know.
RT : Q2) Empower them to be content curators and share back with L&D team to promote more broadly across org. #realwplearn <Like this!
Aha! I've found the source of new followers. Thanks so much for the shout out ! I'm a big fan of G&tG! Pig face, FTW!
I havent taken my meds in days, no wonder why i am so damn weak and sleepy all the time.
It's still Packers season Brewers fans. GO PACK GO!
AAAAAHHHHH!!!!! This day pretty much sucked.
I cant sleep, and having a King size bed is not help tonight !!.
Awesome, i wanna get my steampunk on for a minute, maybe minue the hooks, we shall have to see, i do have something planned!
Crap does this mean I have to give back his Audi? KIDDING.YAY! RT just got off the phone with Badenhop, he's officially free!
Big Four lighting it up! Silky smooth Rondo #Celtics!!!!
Trent Richardson dating Princess from Crime Mob. That's what's up!
A new Venntive client just imported and attached *200* different searchable Tags to contacts in the CRM module w/o prior User Field set-up!
totally agree! we can handle a little flack for being trendsetters in mke, right? :)
Reality check it was good while it lasted....bitch(dymond) get outcha feelns. I almost lost myself. Bak to me i go
Love you mommy. :)
Do so. Blink is one of the best; also, terrifying.
We We're Soldiers
pig vomit.
-missed it. transcript? were you talking about #coworking? or #dtsj?
good morning stranger! Lol
I think it's pretty common. Every club I played for was all girls. But that was years ago so who knows!
How does "cherished narrative" of tinkering autodidact influence willingness to integrate digital courses in grad school?
In Iowa at the I-80 Worlds Largest Truck Stop
as far as free stuff goes, the pitchfork day party on Thursday looks good. And Waterloo and hype machine got some shows
congrats on those proposals! the self employed creative life needs to be fruitful :-)
The only thing "big" about the political parties is their waistlines.
Getting online in a PC-less world | The India Daily
Is it bad that I almost don't want to go to the Caps game tomorrow?
Toilet paper? RT : Can anyone guess what 's top selling product is? I learned this from the great report on
Its better to call your own shot then to let someone else call it for you......
#Lol at your midlife crisis tweets
Meeting early afternoon, hopefully it turns into something
No, able-bodied 20-something year old guy outside of CVS, I will NOT give you some change. If I can work everyday, so can you. Get a job!!
"nothing stops another day."
Heading back to Mississippi
Maya!!! Xo
Of course, smelly Russian lady, take your screaming toddler to the DMV. That won't at all be like I've entered the fourth circle of hell.
twould be an amazing dress.
hahahahahahahaha so funny!
is my new celebrity crush
Ask me how to "Fall into Fabulous" this season
Support our Artists at Poised Creation! They support non-profits in your community!
Venue Registration will end June 6th! www.ghartwalk.com
the are a little in the meddle!
Good luck with the Rangers. Maybe is a Texas fan and you'll have better luck getting a hold of him
I like Kendall Wright a lot so I wouldn't do it. Wright could still be available at No. 22.
can u give me a shoutout??please I need more followers
#playing on #repeat .. So Happy I Could Die !
This morning the Chispa Marketing team will be representing Team Hammy at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk!...
Glad you liked it. Thank you!
New New Year's Resolution: I will always, always, keep my camera at hand.
Was bound to happen but didn't see it being so early in the season... RT : Don. NO. NO. NO.
<U+200E>50 years ago..blacks and whites (teenagers and young adults) boarded buses to fight for equality of all people (Freedom Riders)
Tired of perfect Tumblr girls ugh
need to sleep... night everyone!
Doing some projection mapping for local student production of "Shape of Things". Thank god for #Processing!
aw :( how is she doing?
With all the fests this Holy Week and Passover, tis not a good time to be either beast or yeast.
About to mess with my nails because im bored lol
RT : Good lord, every rebound in this game is like a line-of-scrimmage play in the NFL. [thank the "just let them play" folks..]
Finally home
are you feeling unloved?
I have nightmares sometimes about my thesis just saying
McDonald's then Disney world !
Good morning everyone! :) :)
I'm not one to fangirl over Bieber, but he is downright delectable in the Boyfriend video.
haha what does that have to do with me?
Are da bulls gonna mount a comeback?
What pressure? Can't wait to experience #JDAFOCUS12! On my way, so see you soon.
#TheatreTriviaTues Theater in New York did not start out on Broadway, but on what Manhattan street?
We have actually had the opportunity to interview Cody Simpson and Jessica Jarrell :)
Sending you peace~
Big thanks to artist Jimmy Longoria for intro'ing me at Ellison Campaign Open House. Go Jimmy.
I'm looking to get a band going, be patient fans, hopefully here soon, I'll be out and abut again. Love you all.! <3
is #wordpress down for me or everyone?
no one deserves to go to the Super Bowl more than me, because I am a great man.
He seriously know's how to make my day<U+2665>;D
Sorry, I try not to, but sometimes I forget what I know because of the books and not the show.
Somebody has GOT to kill Future....like yesterday
What an opening weekend! Four great shows, massive audiences all around, and even more great stuff to come.
"I have been young, and now am old; Yet I have not seen the righteous forsaken, Nor his descendants begging bread" -Psalm 37:25
Hi Alums! We love hearing about all you've been up to! Send us a Tweet!
Thank you so much and no worries! Safe travels and I can't wait to hear about your amazing trip!
Joe Oliver - fail. Just fail x 1000.
I remembered it just now. Thanks. Thanks alot.
In our world where everything is a number, struggle to be a plus to anybody, rather than a minus - john b. bejo
Headed to the clubhouse pool in Westlake. <3 Time to get my tan on & swim! :D
In the carr with my bro listening to dance dance by fall out boy <3
I hate this class so much. With a passion.
Heading in now ...
Noel Cowardesque. RT If only my insults were as good as Noel Coward or William Shakespeare. Wishful thinking.
Any time, Kidwell. I'm always happy to call you a spaz. :)
If nothing else, I am successful at charming mailroom guys. Most recent package (eShakti dress!!) came with a smiley face.
and it works! ;)
what happened?!!!
“: Be gone 2 point scoring team fans...you suck.” In reality, Eli actually scored those 2 points for them.
Thanks for the RT! Boneshaker Public House looks AWESOME, we'll have to pay you a visit sometime =)
I wish had taken a pix of you while you were taste testing the flavors. Lol too funny. #Rita's
#YouNeedANewBoyfriend when all he does is try to get with your best friend :P
see you there!
#Breaking on : Cleveland HS in SE Portland being evacuated because of bomb threat. No explosives found. are on scene
Solace ? You should be worried about our LED addiction.
People always goin to talk
I love love love the feelings I wake up with!
When that happens to me it means all the books are behind schedule!
Fuck you Titi faces that take me to Wendy's. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
65 is cold!! Feeling like a Floridian. Next, i'll stop using my turn signal and start crossing the street when I feel like it.
Do you think you do research everyday? On what topics? Work or personal?
If a module gets tested rigorously, I would imagine a core theme would get the same evaluation/
sure is fantasy points looki nice!
funny how there isnt much talk about the superbowl this morning. that's so 14 seconds ago.
he is one crazy SOB totally.
hello - I'm going to Dublin soon...! What's it like ?
HAHA you can delete it off fb but you cant off twitter
Why is it that when my life is so perfect, someone or something comes in to destroy it, and everything is gone?
I'm kind of shocked at it actually. Time warp house hunting.
#Winning! I know my people.
I think should follow me what do you think Robert ? <3
Thanks for a great Twitter session today! #ASTD Lincoln
Down here in Shreveport using Vandoren 3V 16s on alto and Rico Jazz 3H for the bass clarinet.
Tire iron?
RT : Hey Friends! Spring Sprout Sale starts today & runs through next monday! Buy one get one free!! Only at our general store!
Ya, the score is pretty forgettable. How'd you like the film?
No success is immediate, nor is any failure instantaneous. They're both products of what you believe, how you think, and what you do.
thanks for supporting shopping to educate !
Ready to go rt : Be honest. How many of you are tempted to go to a storage unit auction after watching Storage Wars?
I want to write a howler...
LIVING LIFE TO ITS FULLEST often means fully enjoying what you have been given and not fully getting what you want...
I think I'm finally becoming me again. It's kinda sad to say that it took fighting old battles to feel good again but it's true. (c)
Happy Mothers Day To my beautiful mom & all the others mothers out there <3
No problem!(:
Why, thank you, Foodwoolf. Not sure of the symbolism, but the iced latte sure looks good.
Who else has missed someone so much that they can feel the pain in their stomach and all they want to do is cry & scream? I feel like this.
Time to wrap up! Hope you enjoyed this hour of #wine chat with Jamie Kutch Winemaker
LOL! Mine fell off years ago.
Sometimes small and important things can make u feel smile....
please notice me i love you so much but you dont even know i exist but i still love you!!!!!!
I asked if the #Rockies would hit the 25 run mark on this roadie. They'll have to put up some crazy 3 and 4 run games
"He who is the Glory of Israel does not lie or change his mind; for he is not a man, that he should change his mind." 1 Samuel 15:29
Only time I wish I had straight hair is anytime I want to put on a hat.
Some stuff, then get drunk. Call me when you're done
i love your quotes. they make me feel beautiful in every way<3
thanks for RT - have a fabulous day!
Happy Birthday Demi! <3 I love you. You are my all. Thank you for being so strong. Never change! We love you for you. :)
I knew--KNEW--you'd be the first to respond. And with the roman! Nice!
That awkward moment when someone says "haters gonna hate" so you say "Mahomies gonna love" and a kid thinks you're trying to be ganster..
I notice that my # of followers remains steady at 1/2 my # of tweets. Do I really pick up .5 followers per tweet? Is this a general rule?
what about the running back sitiuation?
Inspired by our 200/400/800 interval workout today to start a conversation around:
Now the real #1 team is about to start its Spurs time!!!
Austin: this airplane music is terrible... Mama Mahone: ... Austin: okay just not answer me that's cool too. #mahonemoments <3 (: haha.
My brother, the invite is always open for you.
RT : Installed 's Unify on my own site tonight to experiment + play. I think I'm in love. And totally amazed.
No worries, you to.
Downtown bound, en route to weekends over...
Thank you penshoppe for bringing Ian Somerhalder in the philippines! <U+2665>
You don't know you're beautiful.
Refs on dat bullshit. I'm #TeamHeat but Damn!
Demo today of Web Based Access Retrieval Portal today. More Federal stuff that I can have. Why!!!!!!!!
Take the righteous as friends; acquire them in plenty, for they're a beautification in prosperity & an aid during calamity. -'Umar al-Farooq
Hollywood lights<U+2665>
Jacksonville! We play at the Murray Hill Theatre on March 31st! Then April 1st in New Smyrna Beach! Get there!
“ methodology and process < trust and communication” Yes. 1000 times Yes.
I'm at the Mall of America now too. What do you think of Black Friday so far?
Well so much for that
Off to hear speak at the #GreenDay event!! Chappy chappy earth day y'all
Really? Thanks so much! As the conference date gets closer we'll be updating the site with helpful info and announcements.
For loosing overweight , here are given some important lose weight tips and tricks in Urdu
Yes or No i just need to know! #goingcrazy #somuchanxiety someone turn my brain off!
thanks for the FF!
dont let him/her come out till sept august is a whack month
Hi everyone! This is and I will be tweeting you live deals from the mall for #blackfriday :)
@ @ thanks for the RT! I loved the CSA idea for arts!
we're here!
I mean even the best team in league can lose and it can literally just B b/c of the performances of the plyrs, not the ref, kits or coach
We can help you with a logo.
follow me ? pleasee :D
do u like having a song written about you? ;)
ur childrens grandchildren can enjoy them. Fresh as the day they were bought. #Twinkies enough preservatives to embalm you.
I have different Twitter handles for different purposes. 1 is geared toward friends/family & 1 for work.
Sorta maybe back on twitter now. Still not sure it's worth the effort. But stay tuned for updates.
AL I WANT IS A FOLLOW. puhhlease! I've never been tweeted by any of you. and i tweet each of you everyday. Love you..
#clang #clang #clang RT that's okay.
I'm good thanks! And school here is amazing, so is New York.. Hbu??
I know we are excited :)
Working on a social software literacy conference proposal
So are Lakers fans going to complain about trading Fisher like Celtics fans did with Perkins?
Gonna take a shower and then hit the sack.
Countown to St. Patty's begins! Our first year being in the parade!
OMG! Double Decker Plane!!!
“: is slowly becoming one of my favorite bands<3” Mine too!
"We Run This town tonight".
baseball playoffs start today, Go Rays! Wake up the damn bats!
I dreamt about spotted cow last night.
Of course! Let me know which night. Excited!
The Shore won Best Live Action Short. No idea what that is but I guessed right on my prediction ballot!
You know what 's good.........Chai Green Tea and Vanilla !! It's my new afternoon drink!
that's interesting. With Jackson being on there makes sense why he is leaving.
<U+200E>"Your own mind is a sacred enclosure into which nothing harmful can enter except by your permission." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thanks for RTing our ele photo! I'll post a couple new ones today to share.
Uncle Ai-ro (sp?) makes me look forward to being an old wise {acre, man, guy}
I am at a cool place!
climbing the charts. 2 days and counting!!
Me, , and just put out a mini fire with a water bottle. Sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Do you guys have business pages on FB?
This caffeine is chapping my lips. (as advertised)
I'm going to buy some weapons. The official announcement of the batch #4 is coming soon. We gotta be prepared.
Why is addazio OC for the bowl game and is urban demoting addazio back to o-line status. And lookin for a new OC, please say yes
Umm girls & gay dudes! haha RT Who's watching Dance Scene? .
follow back bro
Bout to go grab me something to eat. Have not ate at all today
Check out production The Meltdown in Times Square featuring Kristin Bellamarie!
I swear my family is trying to drive me insane.... and it's working. >.>
whenever u arent playing every other venue in milwaukee!
i'm good :D how old are you?
Happy Valentines Day !
"Love is like a butterfly, the more you chase it, the more it eludes you."
it's the little things.
Follow and email him on his twitter for a gifted copy of his new book "A lean marketing revolution" A short and fun way 2 learn
Ok, now I love it! #ByeJacoby #HelloSpeed : I like the Martin pick. Speed, explosiveness. Return man. Jacoby is toast #texans”
okay, ghetto fizzy is me I told you that at school duh stupid! A
If I was married to one of those women on Mob Wives, I would definitely want to be put away for life.
Whose all going to trevor's party!?
Thank you! Every time I think I'm going to bow out someone like you pops up and keeps me going!
what it do
I love
#50liesIwasTold Im not going to forget u. Im coming back for u, and we gone get married!
Did you love her alot?
wait is this zafiro !
I did some collab brainstorming for MT with an artist by the name of Tom Lohrmann and I think it went quite well!
Set the atmosphere!!!!!!!
thanks for this info. Will RT.
Trying to drink at least 60oz of water every day starting today. My bladder wants to cry.
that's why I tweeted it. Time stamped and forever etched in cyberspace!
And we say goodbye to Simone and Tiah. Simon gives the crowd what they want, more Melanie, Rachel & Drew!
Rep. Giffords (D-AZ) shot in Tucson. My prayers and thoughts are with her family...
For how old he is I'm sure a hell of a lot LOL
how are you this morning
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Zappos Shoes? Ping back for more info! :-)
what tweet? And sorry for all the questions
get it 4 pre party scarce beer release featuring KBS and Dbl Crooked Tree IPA.
Black is boring
for fun, i hope.
New day, new fun with websites
make sure the old man tucks his pants into the Retro 1's #HeNeedsHelp!
What does Friday mean for you?
it's happening again. Pats freakishly not having the ball. Oh no.
. Yes, we're branching out to Sydney, Australia; we'll be running a linked Baltimore/Sydney student event in November.
I haven't seen too many people worse than you!
thinkn bout everyone that uses this site man its awesome
We are SO ready for tonight! Pacquiao vs. Margarito AND UFC 122!
three more effin days!!
It is important to acknowledge a mistake instantly, correct it, and learn from it. RT
From Week 11 on, Smith was playing roughly half the games which got him 335 snaps.
Hi ho. Hi ho...on a plane I go...work trip to Vegas. Happy Sunday...
gorgeous powerful woman!!
hahaha right before I met Cody, I burned my forehead while straightening on the ferry. and I had a big welt on my forehead..
haha I was wondering why that song came on kings of Leon radio
Why hello summer
My son asks: Why can't dogs chew with their mouth closed?
looking at dresses for graduation. :)
Yes, stop the madness!! RT : We were just making jokes about #gamification in the office!
My jordans high top snap back fitted cap <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
what kind of games do you like
love you stuff
thx for the follow my brother in Christ! I
lol, i'm sorry. when are we all gonna go creep on them on the #polaris?
Instagram Camera: This Designer Aims to Turn a Spoof into Reality
It's getting close. Cast your votes for best picture now and use #cltOscarwinner for FREE #cltbuzz shirt
I turn myself on
That one stage in lost planet is impossible to beat for reasons
aint nothing to do in this house-.-
Miss yr AOL account, do ya?
Open note to all grown men. Don't use "thunder sticks."
there was nothing feminist about it!
You are one of our favorite artist... Continued success my brother... Orphanz™
Just witnessed a staffer explaining to customer how to play a 45. He was kind.
I'm in LA. We don't get it in Chicago either. My brother has it all the time in Seattle. Jealous!
how weird so am I :D
Watching the 10s... that's right all 3 local 10p newscasts, I think I am channeling my boss tonight
There'll be a riot either way.
Join us for Storytime at Centre Township Branch on January 25th at 10:15am. For ages 5 and younger. Call 251-3700 for more information.
So i washed my hair last night and kiki curled it today ..... Blahh now wat am I gonna do tomorrow. #idontwashmyhaireverydayprobz lol
in response to Kodu (which is cool BTW) I'd argue that iOS has enabled more creative programming than recent MSoft platforms
Who is the best radian 6 competitor?
Oh, we are there now. She's 5. She regresses to Caillou occasionally
Lol no that's not sexist at all.. It's simply the mindset of a man.. Hahah
Thanks for the SO! It's the year of the CATS! I'm feelin' it! You?
Take off mascara carefully with cold cream if you're wearing multiple coats. Massage into lashes & wipe off with a wet cotton ball.
met my cousins and watched one of em get married, yaaay
I sure miss tax refunds.... #grateful It could have been much worse
lmao it's not like if she touches you you'll get it or will you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> ah jk
nope no iphone, though im planning to get an android phone very shortly :)
In Korea! Off to my connection.
that was the scariest moment of my life. I got lawn tickets with 10 seconds left
I jail broke my iPhone last night & I'm not too sure how I feel about it. Any tips?
thanks for the info! I really appreciate it. I'll think about some topics...
Chicago on
#UsetittiesInAMovieTitle avatar the last air titties
Keep on chooglin is the original kraut rock #gravity bongs
Ty Mark for the follow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Also, thanks for connecting on here. :-)
#20thingsaboutme I can't name 20 things about me.
So in keeping with this rant, let's run through some of my faves on DA...
Are you tweeting and driving?!
then I am not sure why you are on twitter
haha go back downstairss! I will talk to you laterr(:
It's a coffee, chocolate & hip-hop kind of afternoon.
Graduation Day today, officially a Certified Holistic Health Counselor and an American Association of Drugless Practioners Member.
Thanks, Brian. Another mouth made happy. What did you have today?
Clickbank Tips - Clickbank Pirates Review (Real or Fluff??)
I like that fact they at least added a summary section of T&C changes at the top in this last round.
Some of my "friends" are so crappy to me.
Making my way, making a way.
Seems to me that is the better arguer but Jalen Rose has the better argument
pretty people ONLY!
RT : All you #devlearn peeps waiting info from me, watch your mbox Monday. #thestreetuniversity starts here.
Of the four US Mints in the US, only Denver & Philadelphia offer tours where you can literally witness the actual coin minting process..
The avengers was fucking sweet!!!
nope....still preseason!
RT : The official Twitter ID & Hashtag of the SLA 2012 Annual Conference & INFO-EXPO is &
foggy day but bound to see sunshine!
called NYC its not that serious.........got my pryaers up!!!!
do you know what magazine its supposed to be in?
Currently loving ... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>Gotye "Somebody that I used to know" <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Woot! RT : Enjoyed some leftover cheesecake for breakfast this morning. Thanks ! :)
a shout out 2 my storm chaser friends..sending prayers of safety ur way thanx 4 wat U do 2 help keep us safe
Who's that in the nice black car :)
Does this dinner thing just keep going on and on until you die? Every SINGLE night a meal on the table? Time to break this nasty habit...
A Duke study suggests in 2 decades, we'll spend $550 billion in obesity-related health problems like type 2 diabetes & heart disease.
Syrian opposition gathers in Turkey
I have a new level of respect for after the way he handled himself and fact he didn't let his players speak postgame.
Shouts to
"The ides of March are come", "Ay Ceasar, but not gone"
This is a growing area. Check out Belpre and Americas Award winners and honors, which reflect the diversity of Latino cultures
Thx for the follow! {wink} Happy
got this a little late! I hope you had a good Xmas and a happy new year! May 2012 bring you great things
A charming theory...except that I was nowhere near the light switch. The mice did it.
congratulations for winning the stanley cup!!! HELL YEAH!!! 39 years, but they got it!!! :)
Dick in yo face, put my dick in yo face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I swea I cnt fight lol but ill swang if I have too
Sounds great, we'd love to see you!
Second day at AAM annual conference has been a packed day. Great sessions, great site visit, great exhibit hall, great people!
I rep that with my homey
is that a mansion? that's is a crazy high rent in chgo.
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas. ONLY a hippopotamus will do! (goodness I love this song)
how did u know I needed one?
Beautiful night for a Patio dinner/wine with my Love xoxo
I might go to bed ain't shit else to do
Bad Bxtches I Done Let The Best Go ( DAMN ) .....
lol I meant to jus tap her back into the room
all I have to say is...you were dearly missed...it went downhill without my imbedded supporters
yes please
my dm has been acting up l8 :p
Clips for a cause!!SunJune5th 10-4,free haircuts,makeup consults,refreshments,raffle prizes.pre-book now256-3490Great time for a great cause
NO JUSTICE, NO BART protest tonight at 5pm outside our front door.......So we are offering $5 Jager Bombs and 2 LIT's for $7 all day!
Fighting some badass zombies:)
no since early April
Thank God it's Friday!!!!!!!
Pb&j. Garden salsa sun chips. And a root beer.
Only 1 more week (;
if I was worried about you sayin some or how it sounded to you id add ur name to it.
if only denise where here to give you a rimshot on that one!
needs to get with a waitress at red robin's so he can hook it up :D even though he's gay...
just got done watchign prom with ma bitch
there's an image on pinterest that says "a well tailored suit is to women as lingerie is to men" or something like that
yea I'm half Latin lol
Go Colts....looking forward to seeing 81 on the field. We will be there...from Indy.
where are you?????
there has to be something lol
Hey we opening up a studio as well on september17 come check it out
What about kicks?
Five films 2day at #wifilmfest last 3: child exploitation, the fallacy of pink ribbons, gay activist Vito Russo. Now, vodka tonics. Many.
Many thanks!
haha i feel u man......at least we both love our cayts
Alright, I'll admit it. That storm last night kind of scared the crap out of me.
Will the #Lakers wake up in game 5 Vs. #Thunder? www.ussportspages.com
Try not to get cavities from
Davey Johnson will probably chew the veterans out, and deservedly so.
Happy Tuesday, everyone! What did you do to start the new year?
so ill be with you at bellarmine next year?
You can't have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time. - CHARLES F. KETTERING
Luv my Tar Heels!!
UFC fight one you bored me
I have a major crush on Scotty always, but lately I have really been liking Hailey. I think Lauren is in trouble :/.
it's not a bad record, but they have 0 quality wins. Plus 0 wins vs big east teams with winning conference records....
possibly best ranger ever.
Has there ever been a female magician???<U+E32E><U+E51E><U+E51E><U+E51E><U+E32E>
Thank you!
"I wasn`t that drunk!" Dude, you climbed up a tree & said- "OH GOD! Look how big this piece of broccoli is!"
Headed to AURA!!!
You know what J-E-T-S Stands for, Don't you? "Jets Entire Team Sucks" LMAO
it's FINALLY here.. the last Monday of the semester.
wonder who it was about baby?;-) you!:P<3<3<3_$_3
Thanks for your continue support of The Image Afro-beat Band!
It&#39;s official: PHL had most number of natural disasters in 2011
"I know I'm a pain in the ass, but. . ." I feel like I have been saying this way too much the past week. Oops.
Game time Yes #NCAAB Kentucky
Nice! It's been too long since you've been to Harlem!
remember me?
I love how the Cadbury commercial has not changed since 1997
« amen!!!! RT : I'm Done Stressin, Im Done Worrying, I'm Done CARING»
YOUR STILL UP????
See him sating at me like I am with a million bucks
Dali! Love it!
my boss owns many photos of a virile man with greased-back hair talking on a Gen.1 Nokia & eye sexing the camera
is the hottest #rapper rightnnow bet ya hottest song
Hello World!! Just making sure all of you are having a wonderful weekend. New Music Coming Soon...
rocking at an undisclosed location in Summerlin tonight. It's on.
Or open a note window and copy/paste the most shocking bits. If they still make you laugh tomorrow, keep 'em!
No amount of breathing can calm me when he gets all Blinded-Me-With-Science about the entertainment wall. He's been shocked before..
dam its cold
you'd have to be around to appreciate it.
Thanks for the mention!! xo
Dear Lord, Please don't let me strangle my ex husband today. Kthx. Amen.
I'm not watching it because it's gross.
I dread when ppl give out my number without me giving the ok. Smfh
lesbos can be blown by god with a strap on...
Check out for awesome cocktails, #craftbeer, and terrific food! Whole Animal Serivce
you have been prolific lately
#20ThingsAboutMe I wish I wasn't so insecure
Einstein explained the difference between genius and stupidity with "There are limits to genius." Every day we see further proof.
#21in21 here is my 6th article about not moving to FL if you do not understand there are rules....
Second day in a row of watching A Walk To Remember....
I love yellow women with a pretty face*
RETWEET if you watched Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" music video. (followme)
Jeff and his wife Laurelle were instrumental in developing the current music format for Taste of Oviedo. Our thoughts are with Laurelle...
the last 2 episodes of season 3 are 2 of the best individual tv episodes of tv I have ever seen. And just wait for season 4
Question for an expert: Can you Sing, dance and act while not in costume?
The feeling you get when you think a celebrity is following you on twitter but then you realize it's just a fan/ fan club.....
grow some nuts fagtron
straight up bullshit is coming out of your mouth .. -_-
There was 4 of the same color of my car at that stop
Is there an app to stream saturday's rangers game?
Message to the NFL owners "In 2011 you don't play, in 2012 we'll stay away." Spread this around so it gets to those that need motivation.
AFTERNOON karaoke today debuts at The Wicked Hop at 2pm :-)
RIP #SoulTrain 's Don Cornelius. Who knows why people take their own lives.
Katie .... lol you silly girl:) i never said you could use my words:)
Enjoy! I want a report of the strangest/most NASCAR thing you witness.
Finally watched episode 1 of Game of Thrones. Now I finally understand why everyone keeps telling me winter is coming.
Students create their own apps for android w/o computer science background w/ app inventor - scratch like interface
yes, every show is included. Please call 405.364.3700 for info on season tickets.
yes I drink would b a must and some great smoke... Lol...
Agreed! RT : rocked #innw Amazing, smart host! Thanks #seattlechamber #MCDM #Edelman and other sponsors! Inspiring day!
yes ma'am!
lol a song. But I have it's pretty awesome.
Today is the last Tuesday to skate at Rockefeller Center for $7.50 (incl. skate rental!). Go slice some ice on this pleasant afternoon. :)
Our senses serve to affirm, not to know.
why did she say to show me? What is it
Lol don't worry! Not attracted to him!
Did you really just think you could say the word 'brownies' without catching my attention?
Buy an analytics API - they are getting cheaper. Connect it to custom software in your office.
Appears that Lee took $50M less than what the NYY offered to play for Phils. Hate that for the Yanks
Bikers get ready, next Saturday we are doing another Caring Heart Poker Run! Join us May 21st at Cheers in Kissimee for a great time!
lets make more cakes
Sheree lied. She started drama between Kim and Kandi. :-X
My home precinct, Providence District Democratic Committee, won Fairfax Democrats' District of the Year again, for second year in a row.
still at SXSW?
No matter how old I am, I will never be too old to say "I love my mommy"
Apparently the officials are not afraid to call charges in the #FinalFour Wish they would have given us a couple in the sweet 16
Glad you enjoyed the talk! Sean was a great speaker and we were happy to have him.
Thanksgiving is great! I'm celebrating alone this year but I'm still making myself dinner. I have a great family and I miss them.
This feels like a great day for grilled cheese and tomato soup.
First time I was ever happy to have some Milwaukee music on a cd
Dude took off his jersey?! mane release dat nigga!!
My level of patience << The size of a midgets dick lmao :')
Every 15 mins you spending planning saves you 60 mins down the line; 1 hr saves you 4 hrs. Take time to plan today!
Someone might need to send a lasagna and some freelance grief counselling
Salsa Wednesdays was poppin!
#truth RT : Camping without alcohol and cigars is just sleeping outside.
just what kind of worms were you thinking of? The infamous Steve McQueen worm species?
definitely a night owl... I love to stay up late... Which are you?
Jerry and Lora are here every week with great veggies from their hoop house stores and quality items like handmade cutting boards!
love my hubby soo much ^_^
We are #proudtopay for public higher education that provides Coloradans with the skills they need to succeed in the workforce of tomorrow
where the hell u been! Aint seen ur ass since halloween!!
Ready for the immense, unstoppable swarm of Coachella tweets for the next week.
They hate what they don't understand.
amazing what pretty girls can do :) PS I have new perfume to buy and we both have bracelets to find, Kim!!
Just finished getting ready for church yeah buddy gonna learn about god today but I'm so tired:))
thanks for the follow dm me sometime I'd really like to get to know you!:D
Big shot Jesus Shuttelworth.
Easter=travel day. Missing He is Risen!
Thanks!! Our treats are definitely healthy and very tasty...watch for discounts on our facebook page or over twitter!
Miami I am coming for you soon. See you in 7 hours.
Or even sooner if you're at the next MAAPPPT meeting!
there are thousands of people all trying to win, it's not gonna be easy. But someone has to win, so keep trying.
We can help with this. Email with your questions!
First leg workout since my knee injury went great!!!
yo munchkin!...how r ya?
Wait a pretty spin move from Waiters.
What. That's interesting. Why would someone choose to have a weekday wedding?
Would be nice if my building would notify in advance of LOUD HAMMERING projects taking place during #grading hell week.
HEY UNK CAN YOU CALL ME WHEN YOU GET A CHANCE PLEEEEAAAASSAEEEESEE :-)
alright got my silk bonnet on hoping that youtube tutorial was accurate-up in a few hrs for work-...yeah
Your welcome and thank you :)
Does anyone still use Myspace? I haven't checked my band page there in awhile. It seems like it's falling fast
Plans changed today. No diamondbacks game today. I hate work lol
I Almost Burnt Mi Pants Tryna Iron Nd Tweet At The Same Damn Time.!
Mr. Bass.
wow i havent heard that expression in years, my dad used to say that all the time
oh hey Twitter, long time no see. Down another 3 pounds. woot.
'Grats! Will you have to move back? #crosses fingers.
Ok, so hours later i told #Siri again: "Talk dirty to me." She said "the carpet needs vacuuming."
We went to give a Happy Birthday to thee #one and #only and salute him on a successful career over the yrs.
Steve Jobs is living in that fucking phone
no but idk how could someone not
WE ARE YO! Playing the Headhouse tomorrow night on 122 Lombard street.
SUKS WORKING ALL WEEKEND ITS BEEN MOSTLY GOOD HOPING THIS SAT AND SUN GOES WELL,,,,,,,
So I met in Cleveland last week...and lets just say I fell in love :D Oh and the guys are pretty good looking too ;)
Are you backing up your data to a hard drive? Shame on you! Fire, Flood, and Theft destroys it. We can help. 512 873-0447
me too! Let's get together soon!
what restaurant is that?
putting together panel for staff featuring our partner orgs to learn what they do to get our kids into college & thrive there
EFFF YOU. AND YOUR LITTLE DOG TOO.
I swear everyone here shops at the same thrift store, no wonder it's ghetto out here.
Yea!!! Going to see Panda 2 with Alex.
Actually worst part is you talk about things and people look at you like you are crazy. Not my fault you DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
Gay DRAMA RAMAAAAA!!!
Alright fine downtown Glendale, you're kind of adorable...
Everyone follows new account
Bard is fake life. Just be an 8th inning pitcher. Plenty of money to buy a pool and a model wife like Buttholes.
Lol i always find myself watching terrible horror movies on Netflix.
asdfghjkl, my bestfriend is leaving school early just too see me <3
I feel like a two-wheeled cyborg demigod when I pass almost 1 mile of traffic on my
Trader Joe's is removing #nutfree from labels of products they feel couldn't be contaminated even if it's processed on shared equipment.
Leaving Downtown LA before traffic hits the fan at 3 pm.
So pleased to have John and Aisha Davis on campus today and tomorrow. If you're at Wabash, make sure you meet them both.
If Pacers beat heat & celtics beat 6ers I should try & come there for a playoff game?! How's that sound?!
I just assumed they were the children of the pixelbeasts from I AM LEGEND.
I love my life
If there is a resurgence of the #OWS movement it'll be today!
Thanks for the follow.
The defense lost the game. And when the line gave him time, Cutler was great. Let's see how he does against a real team next week.
omg.omg. Ah !! Djfghh
Giant baby says "Wahhh!"
the same people complaining are the ones going lol
I want chicken
Beautiful seal by Ian!
Angeleno native Nipsey Hussle will be performing at the House of Blues LA this Saturday!!!!
I'm curious, how tall is it?
Having a phone therapy session means you can drink during it!
love that new kelly rowland song ft lil wayne motivation
Save me a copy of Deathstroke!
EVERYWHERE. FreeMoreWest/Southend. We have a client who wants to trade work for space but not sure that's the best strategy.
Amazing night at !! Had a blast! Big shout to and !
Not at all pleased by this.
well sorry if i really did make you cry, i made myself tear up!
Had completely forgot to book my hotel for SABR convention in 6 weeks. Will be staying half mile from convention.
Catching up on Nurse Jackie before the new Season begins lol
Newt (albino penguin) playing music to celebrate winning GA. Very poor comparison for many reasons. Real American?
He is the only man whose memoirs have a sequel.
Do I have to leave the house? RT : Please come to my 1/4K Walk to Cure Laziness.
Thanks Bruce you too!
ok. Thx. You good? Wyd next year?
derek is so fit
Consider yourself in on these q's. Not requ'd to be part of #fycchat. As I was writing, I realized who might still be online.
Be careful about who you allow around you. Protect what's in you. Just b/c they smile at you doesn't mean they're for you...and that's ok...
News Assistant applications due MONDAY at 5 p.m., News Assignment Meeting on MONDAY at 5:30 p.m., Writer Workshop on TUESDAY at 8 p.m.
also, remember that this an ejection year. Anything that comes out of the POTUS mouth means very little- anything for your vote
Yesterday is history, tomorrow a mystery. Today is a gift, that's why it's called the present.
Chocolate for breakfast. Start the day off right.
yeah, lost a ton of respect for the dude
I don't know what your star cat is.
I love you... follow me please
but they actually said coherent shit
Rainy Friday afternoon calls for some Shorty's Bar-B-Q!
I'm just crushed. MCA, you were an amazing humanitarian. So much admiration for you Love Love LOVE coming your way...<3
I just shot a napkin that blew by me...
Great session on Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran at #edusaforum! Tons if information on how to recruit MENA students.
ahahah well thank god ! so like wicked excited for the chorus concert tomorrow!!!!!!
#funny #quote If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
Yep, that was pretty much what I imagined.
99% vs 1%, we find out who the 1% in #California and group who calls to hold them accountable. now
Le Who?
Thanksgiving with my family was wonderful! How was yours?
Pretty impressed Google Music will upload .FLAC files as is.
Shout Out to pretty Ms ! Hey girl!!!
How could you be afraid of that little guy. Be afraid of his mama!
Man i been rippin n runing all day
and then there is also 's deep love for her walking desk.
In my first real look at Dekker, pretty unimpressed w/ D and shooting. Don't know if he'll light the world on fire right away
Comic-Con is this weekend but you really need to mark your calendars for Exhibit Ambush, the first ever multi-sensory fashion extravaganza!
wait, you have an olive tattoo?! why on earth did we not think of that?!
Good morn and happy Valentine's day to all! Up for my early morning workout.
come to Disney World with me this Spring Break? Hahaha
please follow me!!! i've created a twitter for this sole purpose
Still drunk? Jeeze. I need to step up my game
Get beach body ready with TeamVic Matrix shakes!
WeSeed is all about helping people get ready to invest in the real stock market. Do you think you're ready to make the move?
Mrs. Tree will have a migrane after having me, Tyamos, Jaylin, Brady, Wes, and Brandon for 3 hours
Did that a longg time ago :)<33
Going to my moms graduation in franklin
Dick riding has never been a form of transportation - it gets u no where #HateAssKissers be u! My man money is funny as hell!
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Geneva & Houston Counties until 08:00 AM
Just heard an infomercial on the radio for "Cougar Life" what the fuck
Congrats Jasmin on your call from Ari you waited so long and you deserved it.
I can't unless u follow me.... But u can unfollow me right after if u need to..
oh and thanks lmao. (;
Im In Her Ear Just Like A Earring Then I Get Her To The Crib She Give Me Mouth Just Like A LipRing Im On My FIFA Money I Aint Talking Bout
Day #9 experiment: starting the day without coffee to see if I'm less disruptive in rehearsal.
Any word on if the SmartFit2 will fit the 'New iPad'?
my question is, why are they still worried about the Pens? You beat us, get over it. Move on. I think you have a NEW series to worry about
When midgets smoke pot, they get "average", not "high"
fine thanks
see you
Let's agree that no one declared a "war on women." In other news, North Korea just launched a rocket.
Okay my mentions are so freakin dead! It feels like my tweets just disappear!
All I can think when I walk through the hotel casino to get to the elevators is major heist action movies.
Haha, that's why we have #interns! But I think a group break this afternoon would be even better.
they just said "with a question mark?" lol
tbh, I hate the summer.
Totally forgot about my homework :-0
All day on set! This short film is going to be good... <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC>
The sunshine fills my hair
1,000 WOW CAN'T BELIEVE IT. THANK YOU ALL
"Hey look its chink "name" in line for panda express. "why didn't she just stay at home!
On this bitter cold night we hit the streets w/ as they make sure homeless have someplace warm to stay. Story 10pm
Exactly my thoughts! RT : I wonder how Tom of myspace feels about no one making a movie about him?
Are you doing a clean install each time or cloning from an image?
Who will be our next victim..er, subject?
Hawaiian utility bills might just drop... in the next decade. Get it, renewable energy....
can we find a spot with outdoors? Hm
After that run today my legs are hurting. Feeling the burn!
Fucking hell! Arsenal! Seriously Man City? That's all you could give? NOTHING??
hell yeah. It's DK, mane! DJ!
I'm glad it got there. I was starting to get a little worried!
How to Legally Trademark, Copywrite and protect your Music
What's happening in Duval 2nite since the Dirty $ Concert was Cxl'd???
Just saw the first #Bcycle of the season cruise by on State St
Huzzah! You definitely have to celebrate those small victories.
New #GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
"Does it zoom in? Than it's an app"! - at our welcome back meeting. Lol
Taking the shiny part of gum wrappers off and putting them on your binder
An alpaca. *slow clap*
I'm not special
Too much ciroc tonight... But that's a luxury problem yo lol
Yes...but i'm watching Shreck 2.
yes, yes it did. Why do you wanna be my bird though?
Dear , sometimes a girl just needs to listen to cheesy songs on repeat w/out all of her Facebook friends knowing.
i'd take the bad points, to have my dream come true.
RT : Rt if you are girl so I can give you 30 new followers. Must be following me. I auto follow back :D
if there is a man in the woods but no woman around, is he still wrong?
The books have been full. So my recommendation is to book out ladies! Especially if you want to look glam for Valentines day next month :)
: I always thought I was your#1 fan.Go Steelers,Black and Gold Rules.Kurt Angle Rules:)
its been that way since day one, only thing is after last season everyone knows the secret format now,that's why half old ppl bak
when Evan Moore conducts us in band>
"I love Monday mornings!" -said no one ever.
You guys hear about that Uncle Ruckus? He hates white people even though he is white.
#KALE also provides #glucosinolates, which have been shown to #prevent colon, breast, bladder, prostate, ovarian cancers, & #gastric cancer.
you too broheim. Plans for today abolished upon waking up and realizing that I had my first hangover of 2012.
I found them on Twitter, I'll share my pic. But I don't want to spend $$ if I can get it for hella cheap.
Hello Wauwatosa! Do you own/manage a restaurant? Are you interested in offering delivery? Send us a DM, let's make it happen!
RT - New England Patriots Classic Uniform > ..The red one'
Thank you Wayne for following
"This title is hilarious and obvs indicates unworthy research" is the classic anti-intellectual move seen in MLA coverage. +
then just like that, their car is totaled lol
cant.rigg the truth baby,u just looking for a reason to beef,u gon.learn.tho
haha lord. this website pretty much sums up my life
Just had a 30m conversation about the plight of humanity, this guy's yrs in the OR and the salsa he was demoing at the grocery store
We'll be open modified hours this Saturday, from 10am-2pm. Come in during the week and beat the last-minute crowd!
It's weird that science is the canary in the coal mine o/a privatized educational model--but then, science is also richest & farthest along.
ComRent Unveils Water-Cooled Load Bank Solution for Data Centers - MarketWatch (press release)
CRASH in Gresham: NE Division@ NE Hood Avenue
Sneak preview of U-T Poll on San Diego mayor's race: 35% of voters remain undecided. Same as in March.
AWESOME!! When do u think you'll be done with it??
What are some questions you have for me?
Would be helpful if the actually had equal pay for women to.
Experiencing technical issues....still about 72 hours from launching the site. STAY TUNED!!
If you're in city tomorrow evening, drop by The is hosting a FA Cup dart competition.
You suck
Who's ready for Monday?
lmfaooo I see how it is!!!
That makes my hero for laying that ass out last night!
no again I reiterate my point u gay but Dnt wat it takes lol. *shrugs* I'm just saying if u gone do it do dat shit big den!
hahahah nope just mr. Good time ;)
ACK. Don't open any messages from me. No funny pictures found, i promise. Evil twitter-hacking. Nor do i care passionately about weight loss
Design isn't always about what the designer likes, it's more about what the designer's client likes. Thoughts?
A kid called me tiny so I stuck his face in the sand. Hahah.
You are not alone #MichaelJacksonsMusic >
One local resident said 4 MPD cars and 4 DPS cars were involved in the individual's detention tonight, including undercover officers
just finished breakfast haha busy day
Those nights where your skype keeps fuckn up when you trying to talk to someone who makes you happy -____- and to think I got the upgrade
What is your definition of technology?
hate I missed the chance to say hi. Hope to cross paths again soon.
Thought did well to get Brandon Marshall for $17 in our mock auction draft today —big-time value.
I know ha sometime back BC. 600 or 700. Just talkin shit
You can just google "Gamma Pulse Download" and you should be able to find all of our music there!
you got it bro! Dm or e-mail your address to
omg i wosh there was more footage
Waiting for Andrew Bird to come on stage.
so far so good. I think smog is good for kriolus!
This pilot season is really exciting!
not a lot, like hmm okay I'll see thanks though! :]
thanks for the tweets! We do have an office copy of The Elements of Style
I am home sick now!
you are coming back to ny yes chloe do you like ny better than la
Watching the laker game for the first time this year
well, i guess i have some competition. i love a good challenge or was that a dare?
I've been told, "Grow UP!.... "Ok i did that, now what?
Lamb of god, dethklok and gojira at stage ae?! My day just got much better
what kind of road bike? I am a crazy gear lady... A fast bike that you can ride after swimming at the Y...?
I feel so damn UNPRETTY !! )':
I Create custom MP3's 4U w my endorsement/voice. Can b sexual explicit. 4 music, DJ shout outs, fan ringtones.
are you watching the show on Green Planet?
on the iPhone or iPad?
Hello my disciples.
west Virginia hbu??
I read that in their voices
Just watching a lil bit of I, Robot.
yes, she has a pretty smile, face, everything. I wanna look like when I grow up.
I woke up this morning & my hair looked like Gohan's
when did u come into the country?
What's up twitter??
I don't get on much -.- send ehht too me I wann ehht as youur contact picture(:
Just had a VERY informative free 30 min call with ! Contact Beth for #website #monetization & #coaching. u are a
What would stepping up your game in your #business and your life look like right now?
I hate losing halves to Canadian shit teams.. This game is heart breaking so far.
Q2: Many minority and low income students attend schools that remain segregated by both race and class
me either
And then I realize, as bad as its reputation may be SILENT NIGHT, DEADLY NIGHT 3 is better than half the shit on my shelves.
Why do like so much????
thank you!!!
In light of the recent earthquake, the team has relaxed its clean underwear policy for all players. Nipple clamps still mandatory.
Going home to listen to my Cd.
All things are relative: if you said "eat shit" to a worm, he`d just smile thankfully.
My computer is running pretty nice right about now. Almost makes me wish I could stay home and use it. xD
Vote, vote, vote - well, just once actually. Don't be part of record low voter turnout!
ikr! hurry up time i wanna see #thevoice and after that its #smash yay! xD
RT : Mayors all over the US are leading the way to promote #healthy lifestyles.
your the one who started being mean.. All I EVER did was love you.. But you just pushed me away.
wow booth looks great!
Morror on the wall....
POTUS has swag
So since were being homo , #MentionMyCrush ;P
Yes please!! RT: set by the Juan Maclean tonight with the Office Twins at , NO COVER!!
I was! i can't help it, i'm super EMO.
What about Amazon music? Can I get it there too?
Fried butter balls? Fried koolaid? How? WHY?!
Fair. But I think they can score against Lehigh.
Statement from WI AFL-CIO "We know that Tom Barrett will be a strong advocate for working people."
Oh, we're glad to read that! It's so moving. Thank you. RT : "The Pitmen Painters" at ACT is AMAZING theater...I cried. A LOT!
How we get kicked out the club before we get in lmao...dats my nigga tho
Hola! I'm Kristi, I work in an academic library in Anchorage, AK
Glad you liked it. You can continue following me. Ha ha ha
Whose there?!
I hope mayweather gets knocked the fuck out
I'm back! My computer was broken for a couple months but I'm up and tweeting again! Many Thanks to !
Stop lying. It's obvious that's not justin's private acc
Just spent an hour, laying in bed, organizing my twitter account. I have sh*t to do!! And I'm never on here anyway.
I wonder how many peole believe Dooms Day is today.......or shall I say May 21st Judgement Day. :D
Anybody down to see the Buccos play the Phillies tonight?
End was long in coming for storied Le Bec-Fin As dining eras go, Le Bec-Fin's didn't end so much with its Veuve Clicquot-soaked farewell
Very very cool! Keep it up
I think I just walked into a trickfest
Well said ! "If the definition of “open” is “that which can be indexed and monetized by Google,” maybe we need a new word.
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
#read Psalm 37:3 Trust in the LORD, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.
lol I'll have to try it then
Can't call me back. Shoes???
Pray For Caitlin . (:
Never before have I wished to have the power to sketch...
story of my life! Always hungry for pancakes and mimosas :)
I'm ready for my hint.
Bet the Vikings hire the maintenance guy the Packers just fired.
i really need to stop making pet names for my honey bear
Council members Ed Reisinger and Mary Pat Clarke say they will vote yes.
S/o to Happy Bday. #Blessings!
they r the smoke, it just green in the pic to show that the letters will GLOW IN THE DARK!!
“ I would rather be not known for the right reasons than known for the wrong ones...”
Low key, I want to move to #wyoming now, just cause of that commercial
Dan P. tried to take one of our Big Boys. He failed! mwahahaha
When people repeat themselves and say it 10x louder .
I would create an episode showing how concussions happen and try to explain why the recovery time is so different for each individual.
Have you used #kiddori on both #iPhone and #WindowsPhone? Which version do you like best? (yes, they are a little different).
I'm your client.
thanks for the share - looking forward to catching up soon!
Busy week in media. I hope 1 day we understand that true healthcare reform is Holistic living in how we eat, handle stress, and exercise.
RT NASCAR Hotpass on is fantastic. The best way to watch your favorite driver race.
Of all the times I want to be alone, now isn't one of them. Needing a big hug :(
Rain my ass -__-
yea your right and I've noticed... Thanks
Q: What is a superhero's favorite part of the joke? A: The "punch" line!
lol My brother cant play slow songs on the drums.hahahahahahhahahahal You supposed to to play anything
relaxing in the lake district today. enjoying summer in the UK and I just may have gotten a sunburn.
Wow, thank you for the nice mention.
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY:Do not complain of life, lift your head. Bad days are necessary for the good days count."
Yeah, but I've been to like 9 Ravens-Steelers games and have never had a problem.
Anger - a feeling like love, joy, or apathy. Acting Coaches tell us anger is an easy choice. Greatness lies in the love behind the anger.
#UCLonFOX UEFA conspiracy.
Cech definatly didn't save that header, it crossed the line
Girls just texted that they ran into our first bear of the season.
Curious what (if any) books exist with the leading young character having autism?
Central Park is the most connected Census Track in the United States. 30 neighbors!
Hehe. "Bear" is used to describe a hairy or bearded man (sometimes larger-framed but not always) in the LGBT world
Why You Worried About Me ?
Thus, the interesting info will be how the rankings are different.
And now I discover we're not just randomly being mean. I still stand by my remarks however.
OMFG........... today was a kind of low 4 me cuz.... My muther beat me at Micheal Jackson:The experience...-_-
My timeline is
Great...now I'm awake
John are you at the Final Four this weekend?
well....my doors are locked at least....
": Privet moskvaaaaa!!!" You know it
I wonder if a unicorn's horn grows when it gets a boner......
Shout out to Cacao. -Best Hot Chocolate ever.
It takes a strong person to pretend everything is alright when its not, & a stronger person to admit its all gone to hell and ask for help.
Cabin fever >
hey there.... how is ur favorite time of the week? (weekend) lol
*G* thank you! glad you enjoyed it!
feeling very happy today!!! :)
The person who stole my laptop is such trash.
It's hard not to get emotional listening to Jason Variteks retirement press conference. Good luck captain!
hey ET, what's good?
feeling butch tonight....I guess this is how feels...
Celebrating a birthday or anniversary soon? San Su will make your event memorable beyond compare!
Sending Valentine's wishes to you.
It varies! Some give a public talk, but mine was private. I prepped a few key points, but it was mostly back&forth discussion.
BEAUTIFUL Pittsburgh photo notebook in Springpad!! Love it!!
so what does "ratchet" mean?
Ok aorita boi I love my chicken legs <3
Just glanced at Deepak Chopra in my timeline and thought it was Richard Wakile.
i knew u was gonna say dat shit lmao
One day you wake up and everything has suddenly changed and you dont even know what hit you.
Why am I up??
RT : Don't let little people get under your skin. You do not have time to let them steal your energy. Focus on where you are going!
Checkout our website www.slyderfootball.com for the future of tailgating!
Its about to be a good day....
Jeter is hitting .404! Wow!! Like a dream he's flowing without no stopping. He's sweeter than a cherry pie with reddi whip topping.
Lol! And just seconds ago---you were talking about the silly cones leaking!
what is hack night?
In order to judge me you have to now me so if you don't know me keep my name out your mouth
Don't advertise that, you're going to flood the applicant field now!
everytime laker fans take a L they always bring up the Heat. Smh
Do you know how I know you're ghey?
Hello Quincy! I'm Zeola Gaye, the baby sister of Marvin Gaye. I just wanted to send you my love<U+2665>
'Hakuna Matata' to all the TESTERS tommorrow:) hope you do great on them.
Tiger's been Hanging out at Russell's...this could be interesting. Hm..lol
Thank you for the Follow David! God Bless!
Same here. In Heaven!!!
We're experiencing technical issues// could you please put that on the screen so that we don't think it's our TVs?
doing well :)
looks nice!
I love my dog.
The fact that we share the same birthday September 27th ;)
Mizzou has to get a point out of that possession!
so sad!!! She was great.
im blessed to have a husband that allows me to b who i am. i dont have to hide anymore now that ive been disowned by mom and siblings. :)
You're absolutely right! RT : it's the only way to go! Besides, the best food is at local places.
"I would totally love to date an autistic guy. That's ton strings attached right there."
I'm really looking forward to the year being over. I just hope the world really doesn't end next year :P
Sweet potato fries! RT : Looking forward to the #StutzArtists Open House this Fri and Sat. Come get some
definitely not allowed to join.
and it's going to be two million tomorrow...
Cards against humanity. Best card game ever.
Np jazmine sullivan my foolish heart
Thank you Kristina!!! :)
i need more followers
. We had a great time too. Thanks for volunteering today!
what about Spanx? You are very influential on that subject// Well, I'd like to think so. But so far,no joy!
RT : Need a website?! Make sure you hit up < They made www.djchino.net
Haven't tweeted in a while! has a show with Hoodie Allen coming up at webster hall!
Or something. I couldn't figure out WTF she was trying to say.
just got excited, someone tweeted me...oh wait...more spam....(i don't eat meat, or ham for that matter)
I really hate Apple and the fucking Iphone. Why is it im on my second Iphone 4? Stupid freezing issues
#nw "Notorius". I wouldn't be surprised if Craig Mack killed Biggie. I mean, after "Flava In Ya Ear" nobody knew if he was still alive.
It's Bogous when yu 18 N somebody writes on your wall happy mother's day .!!! Smh not a good site
But God shows his love for us in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Psalm 23:1 A Psalm of David. 23:1 The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Exciting will be when you guys pull into your designated parking space at the brewery. ;)
definitely wasn't wasted.
Zooey Deschanel, you know damn well that's rain out there. Stop frontin' on your phone!
Add teachers to that list. “: Same goes for writers..." publishers consume "their potential wages in happiness"
yes! Apparently there are more flavors in fact, who knew?!
RT : via 's social media sr. manager on building a social business: if you want to send a company message, be human first...
my mom just freaking pissed me off.she showed me this joke about usher taking rachel maddow(google her) to the vma's and it was justin. -_-
Life is hard sometimes
~ connecting Good here. I see you, I read you. congrats on Officiating the Wedding. Did u get my Card?
Just landed in Williams AZ. To give you an idea of the time warp I just stepped into--tonights prime-time tv: M.A.S.H. "Hawkeye gets laid"
Catching that pervert feels like it was so long ago
he's definitely the most famous sex tourist drug addict! Yeah!!
The question asked: Why were there $100,000 in unused landlines, cell phones and voicemail in Wisconsin agencies? There's a disconnect.
The only thing I learned after last night is that I'm a beast at pool only when I'm drunk.
RT : Howard Reich is here to discuss “Prisoner of Her Past,” a documentary about his mother and her rare late-onset PTSD:...
great keep up the good work!
Thanks for the RT!
which one?
Tweet tweet! I'm a yellow canary.
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 2061 calories! on 4/2/12 at 11:31 AM
Perpetual optimism is a force mulitplier.
someone got stabbed at wal mart over play doe,, and it's not even 12 o clock yet!
Nope, asked Uncle John to send me an invite but he never did.
it's called homework passes bitchezzz!!
where are the art heretics?
Sometimes I be lazy ass hell but money call and I'm the most energetic guy lol real talk.
People like to hear what I say. That's why I get so many followers lol.
. TY 4 follow. Being followed by a hedonist makes me feel all tingly...in an irreverent way, naturally... Following you right back.
Funny stuff tonight Thanks for putting on such a great show!
RT IF BY YES plays at LIVING ROOM. This Friday at 8pm. >> Any plans for Phoenix? :-)
Good Bacon Hunting
sorry it took so long to get back to you. Thanks. We'll be back soon. We'll let you know ;)
nice. have a great weekend.
Hey there.....how are you? How are classes going???
hm...nope. Don't feel it.
Happy Hump Day! has definitely been on someone's birthday cake during a porn shoot.
So much fresh powder it is like riding on butter!
People think tornados do damage in Kansas, wait until this shit storm called KENTUCKY WILDCATS gets a hold of them.
He's definitely a flawed player, but I think he's more talented than people give him credit for.
Oh hi der im alex- NW Represent
Hi Phil, Hansen looks tough. I imagine we'll get 2-5 or 3-5 max. Adonis looks logical. Taking Contreras (Stealcase) in exotics to
LOVE your work!!
ballack is an ass!!
' I need more followers
This morning's 8.5-mile run took me over 1,000 miles for 2012. About 1/3 of the way to my yearly goal.
“: I can't believe GCB was canceled!! #heartbroken #lovethatshow” I dont know why!!! I feel empty now:(
Needs a NY agent now!
#YourCuteAndAll But you talk to dirty & I'm not interested in smoking a joint with you.
merry x-mas ppl have a safe & fun holiday
I am PUMPED, I am having such a good time teaching and networking with so many successful business people at our event.
Switched rooms. Jan Reiff on senior seminar exploring history of LA's Historic Filipinotown
#aprilfools nonsense aside, let's not forget #madmen is on tonight!!!
keep seeing the Sonic restaurant commercials, that has to be Olney acting as the passenger in the car scene!
It's not enough to just be a "Fan"... These days you've gotta "Like" something...huh?
Dark Shadows could be the best collaboration between Tim Burton and Johnnty Depp ever.
heard they are awesome live....can't wait.
well I will be doing as much of the production myself. (Low-Budget to the 10th power) l.o.l. As long as the message is sent
The most annoying thing I think on Sunday = Tomorrow is Monday.
I have a hard time believing Zac as a Marine. I'm hoping he pulls this one out. #acting or
Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth has passed. A giant of Civil Rights movement. His biography A FIRE YOU CAN'T PUT OUT was a powerful story. Read it.
: Wanna start an fan club at the Journal? is invited too.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 19
and i dnt give a shit
When knows more than anyone else about head trauma, they'll truly be able to serve and protect their players physically.
The "speed of life" can be faster than any other known element.
February is named after the purification ritual Februa held on the second full moon in the lunar Roman calendar.
DON'T FORGET TO WATCH TOUGH LOVE TONIGHT AT 8pm!!! NEW DAY AND TIME!!!!!!!!
Just got to work & they're shooting another #portlandia episode outside
I'm kinda mad everybody at the studio was shocked that I could dance yesterday.. I been sayin it for the longest.. I do this!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool I hope the fire alarm goes off
The violence of humanity knows no bounds. The potential of it is devastatingly terrifying, and quite impossible to understand.
Yay!!! Moved into new condo :)
Could someone explain how Electronic Arts can offer an Indie Bundle?
The Neatline workshop pauses for laughter as the giant orange balloon from the aerial photography makes its way past them.
Oh dang shit just got real.
RFT!!“: #WhenTheLakersLose they fans try to find an excuse "we lost cuz Kobe had to booboo the whole game"”
boys with tattoos #yummy ;;;
Passion creates action. It moves you to accomplish things you didn't think were possible. #inspire #career via
Life Ain't Easy When You're A Mythical Creature
Cool magazine! What kind of info are you looking for?
I had the most amazing time last night, I dreamt I saw you again
Thanks for the RT! ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
THIS hoe done told the world I stole her money.
PD got it Wrong. I trust voters to do their research and pick the best candidate. Ask people from the Justice Center about me!
and then she got up and did that dancing shit like it was nobodys business.
While packing I found my microfiber cloth and cleaned off my MacBook Pro. It really needed that! They screen looks like new again.
If you're going to be in Lexington tonight, I hope you have good insurance
Glad you like it! Welcome to the Chapman Graduate School :)
please follow me please!!!!!!
Stealing a truck is one thing but then taking the dog along with it. Wtf is up with people these days.
is it bad that I go out with beautiful girls and charming boys all night and still think about political science before I go to bed?
That is always the case
Jet lag?! Well I have train lag! lol
Company holiday gift package season is here!! We just received an order for 2000 pops. It's gonna be a busy holiday season!!
its the last year before I move. I need to play varsity
Clearly lots of people do care about their toilet paper, however. Okay, now the anchors are having fun with it.
TONIGHT ONLY: FREE TRX DEMO. 5:30pm at RAIN FITNESS Queen Anne / Belltown
you do have a good point
10 points of my #Klouchebag score are automatic, due to even having a Twitter account.
cool nick..
Funny you said that cause we went to Disney today and doing the same tomorrow XD
couldnt of gotten through that english paper without the guidance of my best friend grizzly
haha sure did
Omg...pretzels are my new obsession<3
#thingsiverealized people only care about themselves
The way ms katchpole ended the day today... #lovethatwoman :)
ok se you later
holy cow they were both amazing!
Attempted delivery of mystery package to me was redirected by mystery recipient. Are people forgetting their physical addresses now?
#TEAMHEAT WE GONE WIN THT RING THIS OUR YEAR LET'S GO MIAMI HEAT
u were in my dream last night! U were hiding a broken wing I kissed it,u kissed mine & played it like the neck on ur guitar :-)
Sunday morning. . . working at CBTL - my favorite! ;)
Family Night is starting right now! Bring your kids down to get their Child IDs made and enjoy our new desserts :)
I hope everyone is having a good morning.
The genius of a great leader is to leave behind him a condition which common sense may handle correctly.
We wish you a happy and relaxing holiday!
WTF this rumor that Austin and Alexis are dating!!! HAHahaha hahah oh shit some drama is gonna go on.
love the quote!
Can't afford cover at the club.
OKKEEYY I GET IT.
Sheldon Cooper is gay. Sorry to burst your bubble :p
:D Can I come too?
any days a great day with you in it1 Thx for sharing in the ritual Kite contest - a day as beautiful as you ! Much Love -
Cash is your best bet, but we do have many vendors taking cards now!
I'm drawn to it like a moth to a flame... a very old moth...
A GREED.
just ordered my new camera asdhdhx so excited ahh it should be here tuesday :) probably will make a new video then
Can't wait to watch #MayweatherCotto #PacquiaoBradley #PetersonKhan #boxing has some good matches coming up.
the slow grind is better than no grind as long as it's yo grind
Why do 8th grade girls write a heart after ever damn staus? Example: •Mall <3 •OMG I totally just love JB <3 ..fucking stop
and in English that is??? lol Happy New year Mily
im not though
What is happening with Dorothy Lucey? She is saying steve jokes only funny to her and interrupting Jeff with a hair story?
Good call! RT When you see the gate full of 8th Graders on your 7am flight to NY UPGRADE! #Worth69Bucks!
Luna from ID: New focus on growth models in #ESEA is reasonable, both for kids reaching proficiency and those above
At camp, it's raining. :(
I am ready to go back to school my older sister ruins my life and my parents let her run them. knows what I'm talking bout
OR it makes you find out who you are really quick...like a really strong objective... lol
Hope it’s not a time mgmt. class. PRT MOTHER OF FUCK! Class late again & missed the bus. Fuck this shit, Im take'n a Zipcar!
Sounds good to me. I'll even treat :))))
The RETURN of ICON SATURDAYS at NO COVER ALL NIGHT!!! FREE SHOTS $20 VIP!!!! indmix
Cinco de Mayo, Kentucky Derby, IIHF World #CAN v #USA and the #CAPS v #Rangers #StanleyCup playoffs! Lots to celebrate today!
we overrode that due to the leatheryness of those sighted
R YOU EVEN IN COLLEGE...the RIGHT COLLEGE !
After going so many nights in a row, it feels really strange, empty, and unsettling to realize my boyfriend isn't here tonight
the Sunset is cool and all...but u had me all excited you were watching a John Wayne movie
Ya think "You Porn" will ever change its name to "marriage saver"?
It's really going to be a good day today....GOD is holding my hand!!!!
yea, that was not my favorite part, by far.
cn u follow me
the Ward disc dropped today for me in #minecraft. Great tune! thanks! Is it available on your site, too?
Man iHavent Song For Facebook INA While Maybe I'm Do It Soon..
Hey. Not mine, just a place I really like. I hope you're well.
Hahaha when wakes up at 4 in the morning ranting about her mcdouble lmfao
HECK YES I WILL!!!
Kid: The other lady said if u were doing homework u could have unlimited computer time. Me: No. U get 1/2 hr - NO one gets more than 2 hrs.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers around but especially Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful mother. I love you mom
RT : From the #AIDSAT30 survey: "...I am still alive at age 51 when I became infected at age 23. I feel like I have lived...
thank you for the laugh
I know!!! She really bothers me with the giant cult following she has from YouTube & joining late -____-
5/14-For the 10:30 PM show at Comic Strip Live NYC, coming to the stage: Ray Ellin
are you okay ?
"To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge." - Benjamin Disraeli, English Prime Minister
Get Ready Milwaukee...here we come!
Lol.. I was going to send a warning shot.. Then a real shot every chirp afterwards...
Video Killed the Radio Star was the very first video
yup wemt tn every concert so far only missed one u?
I don't understand why you have to choose. I'd just make them all ;-)
why can't vermes shift our formation more often and put cj and teal on the field at the same time?
With God you're never under the weather, but you may feel bad!!
thanks love
#airasia I think I know why I won't be flying this airline again. Low cost+ delays. Not worth it.
Looking for new hosting... recommendations?
Im all in like a gud phuckin poker hand achieving never under, do you overstand...
Pretty good commercial spots for the Superbowl so far. I really loved that Avengers preview "Hulk Smash".
Katie's dad: what happens when they find out who A is? Do they start getting texts from B?
Ugh I need my bed now
I love how I knew that was me cause u said Hobo.. and I'm obviously a hobo..
Dont forget spalding wilson RT All I want is a good wholesome woman, my loyal brothers, and space...the company I keep...
Watching Boy Meets World
Everyday I build in some way.
Early voting starts today. Everyday is election day.
#Badgers coaches Mike Eaves, Mark Johnson, Bo Ryan and Bobbie Kelsey all had their contracts extended today through 2017
I sumtimes wanna know how half the ppl in magazine r super super skinny!? Like do they starve thm selves?
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday.
Give a shout when you make it down!
The music was in your heart all along, Troy. So in a way, it never really left at all...
Mention our supporters for a RT!
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust
oh I didnt mean too put dat!
you are absolutely right, he's a long reliever at best!
Asshole. You knew I needed to leave. "I'm gonna leave for a sec." okay... An hour later and...
I question your salvation in the first place.
Hey guys! Im playing at Mozarts on Lake Austin Blvd this Thursday at 7:30 - anyone gonna be able to make it?? :) Id love to see you there!
dammit....I should have known....my colleagues quote that movie nonstop. I always miss it. damn
fuck these braces /:
Really liking Visual Studio 2010's multiple monitor support. Way more productive!
I was on the 8:40am 7/7/11 flight from PHX to LAS & FOUND an 8gig mem card with family pictures on it. what should I do?
Keep working hard! Stay focused in every area... Treat Mom good tomorrow! :)
hey man still down to send you music for your shows and upcoming opportunities. Would of responded sooner.. Just had a baby!
SHOUTOUT 2 FOLLOW!! LIKE RIGHT NOW!!
you got it, you got it bad
Go ahead and send that intern our way. Sounds like a real go-getter.
#CapHillDC is sadly awash w/ ill-behaved & unruly brats who are left w/ either unempowered or inexperienced & ineffective nannies!
Thank you for a great after party tonight!
We like tea with two lumps.
Should be a good time!
I once used a tub of Oxi-Clean for my (bad) Billy Mays impression. That's uh... That's about it.
Hang in there- 32 WPM isn't all that bad!
in her dreams haha
just working but and going to church. Trying to get right and have a clear mind set in what I wanna do in life. :)
Hello Albuquerque :) nice to see ya
It's midnight and a hottie on the subway is drinking a venti coffee. #youknowwhatthatmeans! #shesaslut!
I'm going to bake some chocolate chip cookies.
NC State Students Recruiting John Wall on Facebook gets shutdown by school. NCAA rules clearly don't work in today's social media world.
i wished i still had an xbox with xbox live and mw3 :[
Our producer at Capital House Studio is finishing the new Before Their Eyes record this week along with our new music. Go give them a shout!
Aw thank you so much!
hm. hard to believe that would be abused, but I can see why it would be scary
Ha. I bet. The first time I watched that movie, it finished and I literally started it over immediately.
and you don't? LOL k.
It sounds remarkable!! You go girl. Great ideas, great options.
Looks like has a great panel: Get ready #Uppers, they're talking about Limbaugh
smh there's no way that rugrats thing is true. So sadistic
swimming with sharks is so exhilarating. Its is amazing. I completely agree.
Sorry, and I hope you guys are OK. If you have to cancel or block any cards, make sure the companies do it internationally [+]
Walking through Walmart and I hear "No Anakin, I'm not buying you a toy, get back here." I'M SO JEALOUS.
Great ideas are like beards: Men do not have them until they grow up...
(cont) Also loved Harriet the Spy, Anne of Green Gables, Boxcar Children and the BSC books as a kid. Books are wonderful!!
You learn far more from negative leadership than from positive leadership
wow, that's some in depth reporting there
& I'm watching it alone... So disturbing. I can't believe it started with dogs too! I hope no one is actually this sick. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Is a major piece of scum and a douchebag. What a shameful person.
damn, i wish i knew earlier... Not gonna be able to make it before 3.
Very hungry for work.Looking for a new job.10 years CSR Experience.Proficently Utilized SAP/Microsoft Office Systems Daily. Anyone Hiring???
nope. just tanning beds. they lied about the gym in 'GTL'
There is no substitute for attending a live event like #lavacon I have learned so much in the past three days and met so many great people!
i dont just a pretty face & i dont want just anyone to hold
absolutely. Sometimes we can do more than our institutionalized comrades, other times less.
I have a whole book on the topic coming out in the next few months. I'll make sure to let everyone know when it's out. Thanks!
#thingsIhateaboutfacebook - when a popular service, that costs me nothing, changes their own format without asking me.
Just ate an entire box of Mike and Ike's.
324: I cycled, raked leaves, cooked spaghetti, packed china, did laundry & ripped CDs. I'm grateful to have been so productive today!
makes me feel incredible lucky
what partisan nonsense! #secretary Clinton secured Chen & his family's release. Bush I had Scowcroft toast
my mom does the same thing, not yet but in the US they are working in lifting that rule
My Husband: Can we please turn it to the game? Me: Um let me think about it....NO
Family Night has started! Get a Free 4pc. Nugget when you buy an Adult Entree tonight :) Deals until 8pm.
RT : American values = equality & justice, not fear & racism. Light a candle to join #vigil4justice against
Dude from Iowa State. , is gonna be a mauler inside!
Please b with all the families of 911
I agree! Blech!
NP: Wolfgang & Tiesto - We Own The Night ..... Whoa is that FreaKy. O_o
Had a great lunch today w/ ! It was like hanging out with an old friend. She's a natural coach!
I hear ya brother. I'm still a little filthy.
[c] grandma was in the hospital. Idk.
Waiting for Cavo in the lobby of Project 961.
"if tom trims me for the new year i'm going to be pissed."<took your concerns to heart...yikes you're looking, um...unkempt
Happy Everything to Happy Everyone! Enjoy your holiday splendor, I know we will <3
Welcome new friends! Google+ is to Facebook like drafting a defense in Fantasy Football... Once someone does it, there a run on them ; )
In America in the early days of TV, advertisers would write stories around the use of their soap powder
tech n9ne goes hard in every song hes in
Mothers, please don't breast feed your babies in public
btw don't forget to tell Tchaikovsky the news
Ah, life was so much easier when boys had cooties <3
stop waiting for the wind to push you, just grab the oars and row the darn boat
I don't get off til 6:30 the boss definitely plotted on me no way I agreed to this
Heather Masse - Orphan Girl - 08:33 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Can you please follow me???????
U got a new friend? Well I got homies..
Without committing on the behalf of the program committee, sure!
Thomas Krichel: "I created the open library society."
reality TV must be destroyed
Did you challenge him to a duel? RT: Little freaked out after finding some random guy INSIDE my apartment when I got back ...
We will be CLOSED on Thanksgiving. Nov. 24th. Will reopen for HAPPY HOUR at 330pm on Friday Nov. 25th!
Aaron Wendt to Florida and I haven't seen him since
I was just told "it went to pooparoo." honestly have you ever heard some say pooparoo before? It's hysterical.
Thanks for mentions and invite to #walkingtacos! Gotta make it quick, #rent @ 12
'The King's Speech' is as good as it was hyped to be; Colin Firth, however, was better and more deserving of recognition for 'A Single Man'.
98% on my baby #BOSS :D
ya Lorna actually drove past it, called grandma, & said there was no way the person in the silver car survived.. it was meredith
Wow, Lead Guitarist on American Idol played on the song, Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism.- my 8 year old son sang vocals . Amazing!!!!
That's what I was thinking. Pisses me off.
American Idol auditions in Milwaukee on Wednesday, any of you make the cut? Anyone funny I should keep an eye out for?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken ~ Oscar Wilde
Up, gettin' high.
Dunn is done.
yeah Ok.
(cont.) ... #NWU and #AuthorsGuild will review member
aiight cool. What would yo stage be?
FYI. Wifi is really shitty at Grill / Cedar Door
Will do RT : Love to explore it!! DM me your email- let's connect!
man I have never seen you so pissed!
So this morning we asked what sports could be improved with trampolines. Most epic combination? Parkour + paintball + trampolines = WIN.
dude! yes even!!!! dont give me no crap about it! #JustKidding but on the forreal side your BEAUTIFUL
I want to work out but neither my hotel room or the hotel gym is big enough to jump rope.
Good luck today brotha!
nah man im pissed! and balls im too excited now. gottaa hold da weave
And Max got into his private boat and said "Goodbye" #Maurice Sendak
see so I do understand so tlk to me I'll dm my número to u
The attempts to blur the lines and show that things don't exist in absolutes seem to reinforce "gaslighting" of women w/out critique.
At the Edmond Arts festival and just won a trip to DC!!! cc:
I woke up an hour early.so im just chillin with my dogs. #swaggie HAHAHA!
Thanks for sharing this interesting read.
Worst Night Ever .
Having issues getting the gang together to record. Life interferes again.
Any idea when are going to officially change their name to the Killwaukee Admirals?
dinner with my mommy was great ;D
Dear , The first song in tonight's Tweet- up mix is for you!
Happy 350th Birthday to the Book of Common Prayer, that with the King James Bible, had a profound effect on English language and culture.
"There is no limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder."
I wish that would happen to me!
Damn shit crazy! I never talk about haters
In NYC, tiny kitchens make single-purpose appliances impractical. Now visiting g-f friends in TN who own a waffle iron. :)
My boyfriend treats me like the fucking goddess I am.
Yeah it's still a while away but the saving of the $ needs to begin now hahaha. But yay! definitely let me know when you're in LA :)
sure didn't take it long to get from top to bottom.
I honestly wish I could just fall asleep and not wake back up :((
Out exploring Aruba with hits of the 60s, 70s and 80s going through my head.
Drupal 7 loads slowly on shared hosting platforms and has crashed my website. I am using Butane instead.
Sherri Shepherd didn't cheat pre- Just took classes at Max's studio prior to negotiations. Yeah, training for herself. *eyeroll*
We just ate breakfast now the family is already deciding on wat 2 do wat 2 eat later hahaha
Happy Birthday I Love you!!
Thats great! Congrats on the award - It is nice to see that happen as a result of your hard work.
: You accidentally put my handle instead of ACLU's. I was like 'huh? there are contacts at...me?'
- after all this time with Type II, I am finally getting a diabetes dog tag - way overdue!
As a slow runner myself, I am grateful to those who cheer us stragglers on! Thank you!
aww im sorry , how was it?
I'd assume so, but I see what you see. LIARS
That annoying moment when you go to light a cigarette and you can't find your lighter...
Our Hero's presence is the best thing to happen to Nebraska since left.
we're happy to have helped out!
Ive never met a more dramatic man than my dad.
Houston, we have a problem. I REALLY want to go home. Please get this plane fixed so I can get back to BNA ASAP!
Smoking weed under star projectors I guess we’ll never know what Harvard gets us.But seeing my family have it all -drake<U+2661> <U+266C> <U+266A>
I fell asleep at the beach with my cell phone on my stomach. How's that for a tan line? It's not my sexiest look..
"OMG your so pretty!" "No i'm not!" "Listen bitch, STFU and accept the compliment!."
will you marry me? Hahah you're my kinda girl!
think ima gone head and get in the shower early toniqht
you too! my phone took a dive...ill be back soon!
In the house bored by myself
I love Roger Ebert. "as Nathalie walks into a Paris cafe and is spotted by Francois (Pio Marmai), who is handsome enough to play a vampire."
#geekend #fa111 a little slow on the obvious content of branding but there are some funny nuggets.
A wish that every day for you will be happy from the start and may you always have good luck and a song within your heart.
Fri night at work with a Indiana motha fuckin Jones marathon?! Nights lookin up!! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
i just just got $3.52 for buying a peoplestring car magent on Vista Print
I suck at singing! Omg.
"im isaac and your miss becca, we are gonna be married and have a baby when we are really old, the bible said so!" gotta love kids
Gal on the train asked everyone to ignore her child throwing a fit. Kinda hard to ignore the shit smell in his diapers though.
Hackman was outstanding. Hopper amusing. Period scenery fun. But storyline was so syrupy my teeth hurt. Signed, a Hoosier.
I wish my mom was here to see all the good things her son is doing! God rest her soul, your son loves you
First Footnote (er, Fold3), and now too? is the Marvel Comics character Galactus incarnate.
we're going to make a Noodles run for lunch...do you or want anything?
Breaking news: New iheartonenote.com video will be released at 10am PST on YouTube. Link to follow. Stay tuned!
By 3 methods we learn wisdom: Reflection, which is noblest; Imitation, which is easiest; Experience, which is the bitterest. Confucius
I don't know you but I know that feeling. Congratulations.
how r u
You're the one who can make a difference because you are Here. --Dr. McKenna. He is on point.
Awkward moment when the reverse sounds better than the original LOL jk
Transportation post-surgery is strongly recommended after liposuction for safety precautions.
Find a way to get paid from it and you have yourself a plan. Concert promoting is an actual thing that people do.
Thanks for the RT Thomas! Have a great day
SMILE, HON, YOU'RE IN BALTIMORE! No. 13 Release Party - 12/3/10 @ 7 pm @ Atomic Books, Baltimore. Free. Featuring author readings.
Could my night be any worse? <U+E403>
"There will be Love" by Lou Rawls gives me life.
What a nice day outside 78 and sunny all day
Why hello, how are you doing?
Hey Cincinnati! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
i will ALWAYS cheer against the miami heat and the lakers
“It's not how much we give but how much love we put into giving.” ~ Mother Teresa of Calcutta
Happy hour no. 1 under way! TGIF
#ghettotranslations I'm the best dressed in the room... I'm swaggin on all these niggas! Swag!
Dumb question. Freddie.
Can u follow me?
In Hollywood enjoying this beautiful day with my sisters.
": Be honest: If you could buy that No. 253 Mr. Irrelevant jersey, would you?" Still not as good as a Ron Mexico jersey.
Drew did NOT deserve to go home, I am literally crying right now from watching her elimination :'(
julyjulyjuly ": I would do anything to be in Disney right now #disneyproblems”
Pregnant dog-shot-gives birth to healthy litter of puppies in 's hometown of Lacomb,OR.How vets saved the day. 11pm
Jäger has started doing that.... I feel SO mortified when he does it. Lol
the little one is ok, though...right? Loving seeing his pictures on fb.
Vinyl Hours Radio on a Saturday edition 3pm-5pm (ps) on will be back next week;)
phil lesh & friends, , san rafael, ca. set 2 (cont): highway 61 revisted (JG), the wheel (all), all along the watchtower
The River - dont know what to make of it yet but there was some effective stuff going on there
Jay Friedman of #AudibleMagic says: Interactive TV is what companys are moving towards.
Last night was the perfect intro to summer
will do, thanks.
thank u so much. I appreciate u. xo
Happy New Year!
had dinner tonight for the first time, the best.
Oh, I thought you were ironically referring to the #nichenonjoke previous. But thanks, that's going in the grime battle.
off to see the Samurai exhibit at National Geographic museum
Cool guy Andrew Hudson speaking @ #CFEA conf abt his frmr company Frontier's marketing campaign of animals on jets' tails.
Modular self reconfigurable robot systems? I am looking into the pdf you linked to now, thank you.
In honor of password, had an hour long discourse about Jesus conspiracy theories with the housemates.
Enjoying a relaxing evening at home. Typing on cell phones - tedious, eh? ::chuckle::
Great job with Hastings on the radio. Looking forward to seeing you in Denver again.
if you ever take mobile pictures as awesome as this, you should send em our way!
Checked my account balance and thought someone stole my identity, but no. Just broke...sigh.
I hope I get som sleep 2nite.btw u always pop in2 my dreams frm time 2 time.Seriously knock it off!dude its not funny lol jk XD
Today was perff. Cant wait for this summer <U+2665>
there's always that one thing in the back of a girls mind that always seems to bother her..
Why do girls get so wildly emotional about Starbucks' seasonal drinks?
#SOTN main panel will focus on online piracy
At the UW XPrize seminar. Brainstorming how the power of 100 million people can be mobilized in a game.
Just picked up a copy of Marketing Shortcuts. An effective elevator pitch forces you to find your focus.
you just married a Muslim??
I want whatever it is Cal's smoking because it's some really good sh*t
good luck :) x
why are there so many tweets about vinny being gay? im absolutely sure hes not, and if he is then i still support him 10,000% i love him.
be true to the divine inspiration that created you as It's unique expression of self, and the bounty is destined to follow.
So great to see you, too!!! See you on Saturday :)
I've got love all over me!!!
It's hard for me to take a role in your life when I'm not even part of the script.
Putting in a lot of work I'm excited about working on our new album can't wait 4 everyone to hear it!
come to phillllyyyyy - I want a visit!
go to sleep
Thank you for following, Bert. cb
IDK YET BRO IMMA WORK ON THAT THE NEXT COUPLE HOURS
History channel all day son
If you remember correctly, I LOST that challenge #swallowatablespoonofcinnamon?
- Hahaha. That IS what he said. :P
Not yet, Ryan. I'll add it to the list.
Don't miss 's Tweet-Up Happy Hour, they're awarding a travel hero with a $10K vacation & the chance 2 win an iPad on 11/16
c'mon. Can you blame him. He TOTALLY has a legit shot at the league.
Yea...embosses are awesome too!
Lol! I'm always enjoying myself! :P
There are so many! Every movie I saw with a palm tree made me want to travel out of Boston
I'm firm believer in disconnecting *all* SM accts MT Do u only tweet about biz? No? Disconnect yr Twitter/LinkedIn autofeed.
Juror #1 is a dimwit
Wikipedian for 10 years- , good geek.
Thanks and Likewise! :)
no prob! thanks for letting me know :)
Road trip to StL too. Gonna be fun.
A Boston judge recently decided to slash damages from an illegal song downloading case from $675,000 to $67,500 for the infractions.
Honey's always more contentious.But I've never seen anybody raise the issue of mushrooms before, so that's interesting.
All I get is cheese like am taking pictures
#jhudc Yes, the design is symbolic and unique but I'm interested in the Cafe. Did you get to eat at MITSITAM? I'd like details.
Love your weirdo spying coverage. It's a criminally underused application of twitter.
There are FREE stickers at the Greenwood Mall in Indianapolis. Find them at: Zumiez, FYE, Nirvana, Journey's, and more
You should bro RT : Cause of I want to go to
she wont
"I love you tram endoscopy!" I swear auto text is 'tremendously' out to get me...
ya well after you made use an hour late.... It was my perogative to tease you. :)
Ok time to run 18 miles
Join the authors of the Complete Idiot's Guide to Facebook Marketing - TweetChat Thursday, at 11 a.m. CT.
Experimenting with way more weights and way less cardio... I'm skeptical tho
Like Wezzy say life is beach am just playin in sand!!!
NOW the 'Chucks get big-time Titan players. Makes sense.
can't you just chill ? i am just joking ! dude !! :P
Its all in the wrist
I hope you are having a great time with the rents!
You're right, I don't like you.
That's an excellent plan! I really want a nap now that I've had soup, but the grocery store calls. Enjoy your snow day!
no doubt by the end of this night i'll have her clothes off...
Let the Tweets begin! RT : eye-opening...found you!
is hilarious.
Boone, nc has a way of making feel like I'm close to death. Too much fog!
ya dig.
Only if she can monitor your tweets tho.
LOVE you!!! See you in 2012 :)
sweet!! Where ya going?
Transformation conference call
but actually we HAVE TO hang out! So many memories!!! #missyoumore #reunionsoon :)
Club Eclipse was crazy last night. so amazing. i hope we play another show there some time thats crazy man, bad luck lately
ATTENTION STALKERS! If u didn't already kno, half of us are n this zombie musical: musicalofthelivingdead.com See what we look like CLOTHED!
I think I know where it is. Is there a place named Red's Porch by it?
Hey, I never followed , so how did they get on my Following list? Damn spammer marketers make me sick.
Seems Like I can never get a tweet from my Fav IB A girl can only dream
Don't judge me until you know me. Don't underestimate me until you challenge me. And don't talk about me until you talk to me.
Erin Burnett is Walter Cronkite compared to Piers Morgan.
cheers mate, much appreciated :D and I ask again, where are we gonna make tjat one a series? :P
“Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.”
Hey hope you enjoyed your half day today.
I think Terrence Jones is my #favorite player behind Kevin Jones in college Basketball
Hey .... & I were discussing your #gay wit & wisdom recently. Weekend fun?
Pliny the Elder~ No mortal man moreover is wise at all moments.
At 23009 58th Ave West in Mountlake Terrace getting ready for the Tour de Terrace parade. Join us!
Still out here working waiting on that stroke of luck
RT : Awesome New Real Estate Property Sites, Here is one we di in Colorado: www.comeseethishome.com
Get YOUR Bacon Strength on today! Bagel Sandwiches, Breakfast Burritos, BLT's and more!
What an amazing season. I am SO HAPPY!! I LOVE MY RANGERS!!! <U+E022><U+E016><U+E32A>
If you have to look down at the ground to walk in your heels, you shouldn't wear them. Ruins the effect.
If you want to date me, you need to have a job,car, and go to school. I don't think I'm asking for a lot.
When a woman says she loves me I usually follow it up with a cum shot to her face. She promptly retorts.
#everyone get on board to help. Start here, but there is much more everyone can do. #grassroots,
But my pants get less wet.
"if it's not online it's not public" heard on NPR regarding FCC decision for tv stations to disclose info about political ads
#uknoyoughettowhen you say
was just wishing for a candy delivery service yesterday...could definitely use some laffy taffy for motivation...
Alex, can I get an F?
Build the body of your dreams with EliteTrainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
The Organizer [Criterion Collection] Blu-ray Review | Blu ...
Nick Nolte trying to pull off a Jack Nicholson with the shades #OTRC Sorry dude...
Just saw the Compound Grill in #Scottsdale closed? Goes to show that even a cool concept can't survive without great food.
#nonnfldrafttweet #Touch is my new favorite drama.
hm really thats cool meh jst getting ma room done lol ma room to dirty lol
When people treat you like shit, but you just let them do it?
Y u ask me that
Lucky! I start on the 17th:p
i wish i was into twitter.. i need to follow some celebs to make my life seem more filling
just to tell u that this is stupid and I don't wanna go weeks without talking to u,erase that crap u wrote and cut on Skype
Showed a patient how to build a sauna for about $50.00. Used it yesterday for one hour. Put a reclining chair in it and heated it to 120.
HIRING: Social Media Content Writer for an Award Winning Interactive Agency in Boca Raton, FL. CAN be offsite, but MUST be brilliant!
omg lol your hair! :'D
reading in bed with a tumbler of whiskey, skipping a few decades and turning 45 on my next birthday.
#iambrucelee what a man. Too young to know him. Iconic.
I seriously hate dirty fingernails.
Lots of stairs winding around to a small, red temple at the top where you kneel and throw sticks from a cylinder. Then the monk interprets.
MT : Ask questions by using #AskObama. Don't miss your chance! asked a great one on college affordability!
The first license plate on a car in the United States was issued in Denver, Colorado in 1908.
it's so disturbing on so many levels.
Had a terrible nightmare last night that the Brewers got swept by the Astros. What? Oh....
someone kept vandalizing books in the store and signing random books. :-)
Never thought the day would come when I'd want to remove someone from my virtual life, but alas.
Not fun to cut your thumb when there's practicing to be done! Rhymes, yes? Lol
#FF Great seminar with them recently in Buffalo NY!
her birthday is the 20th! :) she had a good time at belmont location here in chicago!
What? You didn't know I'm an apprentice spiritualist? :)
Yeah, you're right. I overreacted. Nice hook, but ultimately too mawkish.
like how directioners and other fan sites do them like " #Imagine blah blah" and it's about you
Hey, Maddy has a soccer game Monday 6:30 PM at Pine Ridge Park in Annandale. Stop by after work if u can.
Halle Berry is beautiful but i used to and still think Jada is the most beautiful of them all lol
Ohh and follow me on instagram
Drank WAY too much coffee last night
It's okay, I understand. She's skinnier. She's funnier. She's prettier. Don't worry, I wouldn't choose me either.
thanks for the shout out mang! Really digging the "Dirty Beat" remix. Filthy!!
no ;you have a lot of things to do, don't think negative :)
I hated every minute of training, but I said, "Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." -Muhammad Ali
Agreed. RT : Judging more applications. The breadth of innovation is inspiring! #Startups rock.
No problem!
Again,after the convo last night,I am not so mean after all.If we are not involved anymore y would i talk to u.We cant be friends.never were
The moment a man begins to talk about technique that's proof that he is fresh out of ideas. -- Raymond Chandler
Comic Stark recently lapsed, but is sober again. Movie Stark loves him the booze. Ultimate Stark...depends on who's writing...
I mean I'm sure it was all for the good. I'm sure she wasn't tryin to #SmashABruh..just makin sure he stayed in his legacy.
Good job last night! It would be so great if you answered me. haha That would really make my day. God is good all the time. :)
If you are a UM CoE alumni and want to find out "the latest" with U Engineering, follow the UMCoEAA on twitter.
I also can find you a marketing person too, if you want, to hear about that program specifically.
Still waiting for her to say happy birthday to me lol
that is a very interesting plot idea!
My favorite sport t-shirt slogan. Cross Country - My sport is your sport's punishment.
I'm going to start tweeting more. yep. so follow me..if you dare :-)
Help - - Anybody know where the Russell Labs Building is? Off to present to Kinesiology 119 - Intro to Kinesiology.
Lifeboat Distribution Named Finalist for 2012 SAP® Pinnacle Award in Resell Category
Vote for DJ Styles!
I'm getting several emails a day from "mobile gifting" apps/services. Anyone have experience gifting through them? Any data out there?
At the Maine Historical Society to hear Alan Taylor's talk on the War of 1812
That's a better way to look at it for sure!
Anyone else psyched about the WNBA starting up again?!?
So proud of mi puppy. :)
Rough Roosters
Dark Shadows was awesome. Depp and Burton never let me down.
check your facebook inbox when you get a chance. Thank you.
probably both lol
HSEM Director Kris Eide will be live on at 4pm to talk about #SevereWeatherAwarenessWeek. Check it out!!
Thanks for the follow- absolutely love your site! Hope you like our tees
Where's half way?!?! HAHAH How about Inbetween Ohio, Va, and NY so can b there too !:D
don't brag!
We can't argue with that! You guys should definitely sell some custom-mades. Decorations via #chanceoperations perhaps?
by the way, i'm loving the LA heat wave.
NARBin since I woke up this morning.
Gratz guys!! Brian, what is his twitter handle?
miss you gorgeous
Ed and taylor swift's music would go together weird. Just no
#catshow #comedy #podcast Ro gives better interviews than Jim Morrison.
get gortat out of here!!
Sounds like a good time! Isn't Portland fun?
50% off any cosmetic tattoo procedure for the WHOLE MONTH of July!! Give us a call and ask for Raegan ! 206.329.8274
stop writing in your stupid notebook.
Fact: It's a shame, but some of your craziest enemies will be right in your own back yard (relatives.)
so i saw this video where u saw one direction in LA.what hotel was that.plz let me kno
I need to get home, have to watch #MIOBIFinale :'(
GL Mike
need ta call dat twin thang and vent
ah yes! Cubanitas or the new would be fun places B4 a game.
Be the person you would be proud to tell your kids about.
Heavy Police Presence for L.I. Barricaded Man A heavy police presence is on the scene in Levittown, on Long Island, where there is a repo
tonight guys don't miss it!!!
Johnny is trying so hard not to laugh
I thought everyone knew what minesweeper was... at least anyone who has used Windows '95
Imagine having ANY contact in the Ent.Industry Register for a FREE secret seminar (SEATING IS LIMITED) Email :
Ordered 10 copies of my Altered Curiosities book-hoping to have some available at #ArtStarCraftBazaar this weekend!
Make a new you in the new year! Be what you want to be, and be happy!
Pizza and a beer at SoLo Pizza before the mustangs game!
I have very mixed feelings about religion. It can be a force for good and bad.
haha such a huge ego
Talk: "Out of Fashion" Conversation, Thurs, Jan. 19, 7pm, FREE. 3 NC artists presenting their views on the impact of fashion.
Self love, self respect, self worth: There's a reason they all start with "self" - you can't find them in anyone else.
The NYLA Conference hashtag will be
Hell yeah Washington DC with
Outside is Freakkin Nice! GoD keep pouring ur blessings!
Thank you, , for creating a space in time for the #LookGoodDoGood crowd to shine and share their passions!
RT : "A #College program is supposed to get (people) a job, we want it to get them a job" Carnevale on
Woke up singing "I need a Hitta, Dread Head Drilla" lmao...can't get that out my head...Good Morning People!!
congrats, that's great! Will you post it?
"New Jersey is not the OLIVE Garden state"...works for multiple reasons
Merisah's tomorrow, Dylans thing Saturday morning, Celeste's Saturday afternoon, Dylan's AGAIN Saturday night. One more week 'till Summer. <U+2665>
no it was in "Man of the House" in which he played a Texas Ranger protecting a group of cheerleaders who witness a murder.
Considering an interactive touchscreen as a sales tool? Leverage it as part of your "go green" messaging; reduce preprinted brochures!
Glad to have you! See you Tuesday? RT : Proud to be a gonna see about making it to the reserve game next week.
any good?
TLR4LYF! Thanks. I was wondering what to get on my new Louisiana license plate!
Following on #instagram! Follow me @ mysquanda
“: Ron Artest shouted out his hood? Lmao I'm dead”
Thank you !
RT : Agreed! RT : A5. If a tool doesnt provide a clear solution for your problem, dont use it. #Sobcon Agreed!
I can be selfish your so impatient sometimes I feel like Marilyn Monroe I'm insecure ya I make mistakes sometimes
Straight guys like me find treatment of others like this offensive...
giving my dog a bath is the biggest struggle
Find a reason to make her/him laugh. But never with sexist jokes. They will come back to haunt you.
WHAAAA?!!! Can't believe you're up at 7:30 on a SATURDAY, at that!
me too. I havent listened to any other tracks yet.
#Boston Worst TOP 3! 1. #MBTA Go Fare Hike yourself! 2. RUDE. 3. #CEO brings SWORD to work to scare employee on #job!
Now following ;; follow back ,.!
Your prayers worked last time, so I need you to pray just as hard one more time for me! Again, I need truth, favor and mercy today.
I love the fact that my preacher is a tweeting machine
Good morning Dear friends. Have a great holidays.
follow back and dm me
22- Shaw Middle School
yo i heard the records them joints was pretty str8, how long u been producing
Have you guys seen #graffiti in foreign letters, like #Japanese #Korean or #Greek or #Russian ? I can't find any, which sucks
“Thank you, Academy, for putting me with the hottest guy in the room.”-Octavia Spencer, after winning the Oscar for best supporting actress.
"A home without tea is merely a house."
Happy Cinco de Mayo to you also!
trying to keep busy. still looking for a job. i dont do bored well.
wait..I might be able to put my mimobot on a broadway stage (ya I have that kind of magic)
I knew a guy who blogged about hating being married...He had to quit. Ran out material when his wife divorced him. :-)
happy bday boss keep bossing these cats
Yay! Excited! Can we meet a little earlier? I have a 2pm meeting and I know the line can get a little long...
Sorry for the late reply -- yes, it's at Wurzbach and I-10, and near the house of Ybarra's friend where they were hanging out.
A VERY small person(it looks like a Talapia on that test run)
In 2-3 yrs bringing Tee home from USCw would look like huge get for Vols, I.e. Jay Graham. Bringing him from UK not so much. I like it.
when i was up there, NStar was always in the same areas as the blackout at night. must never have been really fixed.
luda just crushed Drake and Big Sean on BADA-BOOM!!!!
I think I would have had more fun at the frat party. :-(
when I was a kid, neighbor's cat used to sneak into our house and hide in closets. It was very weird.
MUST<U+2605><U+2606>Follow Congrats on the wedded bliss!!!
Creating a list of Best Practices for LibGuides
How did I not win the MM jackpot?
been workin non stop since 6 am, bout to take me a dam break
this white guy is fine as hell.. lmao I don't even like white guys lol
I've eaten more vegetables and legumes in the last week than I have in the rest of my life combined.
Feeling blah...need some maryjane
Mosquitoes refuse to bite out of respect. They refuse to bite out of fear of alcohol poisoning
i wish kate upton was following me
Order sent to Ethan in MI!
FCMI Board of Directors and Executive Staff Would Like To Thank & For Donating To Our Mission. You guys ROCK!!!!
would lose to me in a fight
The happiness of your life depends on the quality of your thoughts!
it's raining in socal. I'm going to try to use that as an excuse to clean out my inbox...
Let's learn some Japanese! "Bakku-shan: A beautiful girl... as long as she's being viewed from behind."
should've never moved my room downstairs, never make it down safely
Docs boy is cold blooded
JFK <= LGA in general, its farther away, so traffic is a factor. its also much larger so it suffers congestion
Your friend finding out at 2am that they're moving to Vietnam
And the "it's still ok" thumbs up after we didn't win!
Thank you!!!!
but Trivium was playing with them, i had to go.
CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE TOO ! << We'll believe that as soon as Texas executes one.
lets go to the concert
Good Morning Ms. Ruffin
Popluar aint being a bitch!!! Popular is when you no everyone you can try to be nice to everyone and your just not a bitch!!
Love when people fall asleep on me
First night sleeping alone in a very long time
I kinda lost your numero, again.
Dear , thanks for a fabulous bloody mornin!
Lol. I do. I just love you too much. :p
It would be my pleasure. RT : alright whooos gonna undress me
Samuel Moore needs to broaden his horizon and go beyond his stero typical rolls in Menace to Society & Tales in the hood.
wet is u fightin we all can get along
At my first #UKbaseball game! Hoping for a win vs the LSU Tigers!
either! i'll take all suggestions and narrow it down if i have to...
sweet. RT I live in Omaha
Fasten your seat belts kids... ALCL is taking off!!!
"I don't know " is a very honest statement (hopefully the beginning of a lesson)
u gunna sleep alone tonight? TOBY
ladies is pimps to gone brush ya shoulders off (jigga tone)
Welcome to Twitter! I"m a fan of your blog :)
Just wanted to let you know there are 3 days left to stop by PPSS. open 12-8 today :)
Start a revolution - encourage 5 people today
this is the type of fans now has .Boy he must be so proud
my pavlovian response to hearing any part of "my heart will go on" is to sob uncontrollably
You're welcome! Glad you could make it :)
I spray febreeze on ppl that stink on the train...
Happy Friday to you too!
just found my wireless headphones
(c) not just the $ value. Those who don't, it's just another day of the year, so don't stress or depress yourselves. Enjoy those you have:)
Paul McCartney wrote Hey Jude to help comfort Julian Lennon during his parents' divorce.
chaaa! Im pretty excited.
#ThingsWeDoAtTheMovies trip over people and spill our popcorn.
Just scored 2 tix to see Cirque Du Soleil's "Banana Shpeel" for the price of a single banana! Bring a banana, get 2 tix! Schweet!
Thanks for dining with us and checking in on ! How was everything?
Are you coming bk to Atlanta? does anyone want to guess where NMAAHC will host its next Save Our African American Treasures program?
yes indeed! The Starbucks on Alameda gets lots of equestrian folks too.
why are you letting someone with a conflict of interest comment on this fight? Lampley is so biased. Go Marquez!
TONIGHT...it's Brass-A-Wednesdays at The 12 Bar!! It's a Wednesday night tradition...show begins at 9:30p!
and where is kj
i love thunderstorms! :) now all i need is someone to cuddle
Happy Birthday!!
RT To the Mom breastfeeding her 4 year old on Time Magazine:Get the kid a fork, and some solid food. He's starting school soon! OMG
Watching the wind blow
i should go to sleep right now with school and all tomorrow but who cares????! hahaha but seriously need some needed sleep goodnight world!
Since I've got you on the line... Any insider information on Manning coming the the Seahawks?? You have any thoughts on this?
12 NYVS singers performed the finale of #Beethoven's9th with the Bklyn Philharmonic on David Letterman's show. Each singer was miked!
As a native Texan, I sadly consider the forfeiting my Cowboy patronage if they continue in this fashion another year.
is that a good thing? Haha
For the 5 follows I have who are all #Islanders fans... They need to clean house! Sorry Garth!
Starting our edit for the reel challenge. Hope we make the deadline!!
#NW #WelcomeToSweetiePies on #OWN - Did Tim just really knock the ish out of his nephew? I thought I was buggin!
(Via ) HELL YES. -We're ROBOTECH newbies here.
Cleaning my contacts, I think I don't need to wait until I graduate. Rather do it now
not even a little bit. aLOT
thx for understanding my addiction...or enabling it! #turkeychutney rules!
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority. ~ Kenneth Blanchard
I just knew Montero would go yard.
I love how everyone has given up and gone back to calling him Ron Artest now that he has hit someone again.
Lovely running into and at last night!
At the Vista Theatre for the #DarkShadows premiere party.
dear person behind us, stop being an ass. Love, Jess, Libby, and Lauren :)
Lol RT : My lil brother turns 18 tomorrow !! ^_^ I can't take it my baby growing up .
Do you have an event and need entertainment that is unique? Hire a Buffette! We'll make the crowd shine!
Happy Mothers Day everyone!!!!
I RT'd some of #Hov hottest lines now check out some of mine
Oh, you're getting raped, child.
Feeling pretty down.
thanks for the shoutout dude!
Now that its just me ..I can see so clearly
guess u didnt catch the feed...not good
Down to the wire on time left to finish the paper that I have had 3 weeks to do. Haven't written a single sentence. #PressureMakesUs Ha.
My best advice is to stay flexible.
"What You Get When You Hook Up With The Power Company: Crappy #energy consuming buildings."
For more information on #Socialimpact please visit our site at www.socialimpactinc.org
Alyanna to damn picky!.
“: When you know you're being annoying but you don't give a f^ck because you're finding yourself too hilarious.”
Jermaine Paul winning #thevoice season 2 brought me too tears, honest to god. I love that guy! <33333 Congrats
Somebody must have told #Brewers Estrada he had a perfect game when the 4th inning started. Because he's been anything but since then.
dear karrington, what time is the fm june 2 and are all of the dances posted? Im kinda Illiterate on everything right now
Eating sunflower seeds c;
< out for yours to make sure your profile pic doesn't change to something gross. Apparently what showed up on mine was pretty bad &
It's gonna be so funny when I shave my head.
I need em bro
HOLY FUCK!! I just saw the app! Fuck! About losing the battle, but winning the war. So relevant! Are you in the same position?
5v3 for 15 seconds. Even more importantly, PK aficionado Scott Nichol is the one headed to the box.
Hi Todd. I'm writing a book about the making of The Other Side of the Wind for St. Martin's. Heard you might have been there.
RT : OMG. Crowd in gallery screaming "Shame on you. Shame on you." Admonished to be quiet.
Really?? when is the event? Whats the event about? Sounds exciting! and if Sara's going I wanna!
They started evacuating us out of Ribfest cause a storm. And it wasn't even bad. But got back in for free.
The problem with Seattle: when u walk down the hill to 1st ST...u eventually have to walk up the hill to hotel.
#BlackMamaQuotes understanding is the best thang in world!
Some blacks have outcast Tavist and Cornell bc of their attmpt to belittle our President! Donate proceeds from your book to poor
y cnt i be as pretty as u????
Dispatches from VR – I’m really being put off by Uncharted 3 right now. It doesn’t feel like a game but more like a interactive film.
Your Smash work is just awesome. BDJ & I go way back to NU. kudos & many >hat tips< Peace!
It's one of my favorite buildings. Always makes my wife and I giggle.
It was amazing! Let's Skype soon, yes?
Comic Sans does NOT belong in a textbook!!! Nor do typos!
I'm gonna do a #FF because it's the first Friday of 2012!
were going to die today! Yay for being sweaty messes.
im never on this why am i on this . facebook i go
Husband & I both went to law school & now live with his parents. So, yes, I relate.
Charger are only ones permitted to air/stream Seau’s memorial … really high class “OWNING” a memorial
I always keep up with the games even if I dont comment you had a long tiring day today and kicked some major butt !congrats!
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
lmao no money goes for bills
Toby and I share a great deal of the same views on thing like the sound permit process. You can vote for both of us, btw!
#eli2012 blended - students like most convenience, least tech, less teaching time, lack of help, time consuming, poor time management
Silly bitch!!!!
Sometimes getting all that money gets u caught up in the moment
I promise you, life puts us in situations we don't want to be in. The true test is how you handle those situations. That's what separates us
We can't go nowhere but up, from here I fear. Tell me what I've got to lose? <3
95 yr old woman asked to remove her adult diaper by TSA officials. Mysterious spot seen on body scan turned out to be wet.
You may need more than that RT : Watching "The Interrupters" Its about the crime in the ghetto of Chicago. I need subtitles lmao
Amen! MT : Thursday's #Awake 1 of the best hrs of tv this season! Hope #Awake finds a new home for season 2.
It is amazing the way a person's life changes when they have hope in Christ!
okay but please dont get mad
I am texting with three different people right now. I feel very 26.
: so much love
Really are you serious your not alone I've told you this before just because I'm getting my shit together docent mean I'm not here for you !
All of us?
Neil: Interesting idea. Let's talk soon.
Thanks! And I will keep that topic you suggested in mind...I need to learn more about it myself before blogging about it. :-)
I'm done trying to help people. You think I'm a bitch already? Trust me, you haven't even seen a glimpse of the bitch I can truly be.
Loving the new Van Halen and Paul McCartney CDs! How's that for diversity?
Agreed. RT : Yes, and allow that debate to happen. Develop a relationship that is open about it & respectful.
Seen earlier. She wasn't driving <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
OK, with some twiddles, I’m successfully scanning >99% of the lines in Iliad and Odyssey. 1.4% have multiple possible scans.
Who wants bacon? Bev Eggleston will be cooking some up at 12:15 pm at the DIY Salon on the farm field!
6 Quick Tips to Search Twitter Like an Expert
Ah the good old days!
#tcamp12 was great! Thanks for all your great work and would love to collaborate together on future projects with
LOOL i think you mean east :P
You must consciously claim ownership of your body, of all the cells in your body, so you can work with them to heal yourself.
Who is ready for a date?! Make your way to this Thursday! Also enjoy your $1 drink!
How can someone get hot in the lead off spot when the #Brewers use someone new every night!
Booked a small role on a big-studio-funded webseries!
FINALLY MY PARTNER IN CRIME HAS FOUND ME ON TWITTER!! :D
I liked some of them - the dog ones were trendy. I was expecting maybe a touch more. I wasn't in love/laughing hard at any. You?
Got a postcard in the mail for a new restaurant nearby. Name? Bad Sushi. Hm...they might want to rethink that one.
Sick as beatz by got me bout to paint a mean ass picture.
Moving offices today. Wish us luck!
is a wonderful social media tool, which allows an alternate way of connecting with your target market.
Singing opera for the first time in YEARS!!
lmaooo !! o thats what i like to hear ;-)
Last leg of journey. Transfer to #fairfaxcounty Connector bus. Have not waited more than 10 min between transfers
follow me and would make my day!
Totally, and thank god. Babysitters and the cost of movies are too much for a regular basis. Thank God for cable tv.
You know how much I love you! :)
It better rain again tonight cuz I slept god
OH my bad, I mixed up 9 and 8 I'll text u now.
Thanks for your support of RIF &
rocking #Best Buy in Times Square
Thanks Howard, appreciate your time tonight! Look forward to seeing you in Atlanta June 4/5 for some great fan interaction!
Let me hear something
In "acquaintances. " I put a lot of people in my circles
That's how it's supposed to be.... when we're young and wild and free....
RT : Think I'm going to go to for a little #Italian lunch. Yum
The Avengers is a badass movie
Today, I hope 1.) RE calls me back 2.) Today's conference calls go well 3.) I make it to Burbank on time for meeting 4.) I stop feeling sad
d(-__-)b im n my rock bag listening to Paramore_ThatsWhatYouGet... WOH!!
yeah, no one else is thinking that!
avocados and breakin, 2 of my favorite things! wish id been there to see it, im in taiwan, just ate some stinky tofu...
I was dissed for saying I was celebrating Chinese New Years by listening to C'mon Irene so know what ur sayin'
Happy Turkey Day!!! I'm thankful 4 everything and everyone thats in my life.
Come on Tyshawn! You don't take that shot at this point in the game with a lead! # kubball
Good friends bar w/sis, travis &
oh.... the bus... that why I don't ride in the morning. Most of them are fags!
wow! I just love that, it is a divine instrument
A Fan Asks: Where Have You Been Ben Curtis?
Hi Jen, thanks for following; have a fantastic Saturday afternoon.
Well now you know! From Prozac Nation misanthrope to high-powered attorney working for David Boies ;)
are these / commercials that show peoples tweets real? How old are their tweets? What's the point?
"It is most natural for preachers to sneer at the man who is "merely" good&emphasize the transcendental ...
Come visit us at the Pilsen Community Market, tomorrow morning starting at 9, 18th and Halsted Chicago Community Bank.
Our Midday playlis for today can be listened to after 1PM EDT via #spotify. We'll also upload it on Twitter!
Then David Stern did his best Joe Stalin imitation and destroyed a legitimate trade and destroyed a franchise with a loyal fan base.
my roommate thinks of tattoos for me. she goes, "i think, 'this is a cool idea,' but i couldn't pull it off. then i think 'mckenzie could!'"
We are 1 views away from 3000. Leave a comment a win a free Bullets Tee.
Yeah, pretty much.
DOOR TO THE KINGDOM OPEN AT 6:15p.m. AND SHOW STARTS AT 6:30p.m. ... OPEN TO ALL AGES AND BAR W/I.D. ... #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
: we have to move beyond developing content for one platform.
if it wasnt 4 x factor would of never formed
Ahhhhahahahahhahaha!! i forgot about the pee corner!! No, I didn't find it...hint??
COME TO ARUBA!
You need to post a new video!!(: Maybe Cool Morning 3 with ??<33
did you create an open textbook?
you cut out a pretty important word in that RT, made it seem like I don't agree with them
All these niggas loving music I've liked or years now.... Don't know how I feel about that
That awkward moment when you think someone's about to apologize to you, but they demand an apology from you instead.
are you here in Seattle?
At Rangers game, and batter LITERALLY just swung and the BAT, not the ball, went flying. 1st time for everything!
How was it like performing in London??? :D
Camp on tuesday:)))) exited<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I really do need to get me some LBF gear.
Searching for your glasses and then realizing that they were on your head the whole time! x__x SMH
Thanks for the #FF love. I hope to see you at the ballpark on April 5th.
show my phone some love, I lost your
what you e-mail
Why is Yes Dear still in syndication? Who is watching that show?
thank u nikki! :)
“: Worst airline! .... Only mistake is flying AA. Never again!”
Been troubleshooting a wonky file for the last 12 hours for her students' showcase today. Plans B, C, & D implemented!
Great illustration and I like that someone did a video of this. I use this sort of technique a lot.
you deserve whatever you want.
I gotta learn to keep my big mouth shut
I guess your happy you have better LUCK than i do?
Being on the phone all afternoon really makes the day go by fast. Whew!
good morning Artie xo
Henrik Lundqvist made the glove save on Ovechkin, but he did not have the easiest time corralling it. High glove side.
is a goof haha for saying he loves the cold q:
lol, Charlie feels the same way about Monday's. So cute.
Um.......oh. HI! We're on Instagram now! :D Follow us and we'll follow you! :)
Charlie Averkamp signed with the Grizzlies, they should be tough
I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers.
Does anyone else find the giant oscar dudes creepy?
Hooray for Dave Dawson! He's our latest backer on Kickstarter. Thanks! kck.st/dsj5Yv
left his manners in the car with Jeff's mustache wax.
If you are serious about losing weight then Skinny Fiber is the product for you because it flat out works, the added bonus is that you can e
Thanks my bruh!
Are you enjoying your time in Missouri?! Miss seeing you! :)
I am impressed about how easy it is to "assemble" Social Media Monitoring Dashboards with new version of Presto
So cute! Great idea, thanks!!
Tweetdeck you're killing me today.
I dunno. Kelly out for the weekend. No bigs against unc. May be a tough out. RT : Go Duke!I
If your mine your mine iaint sharing you with no one else <3
ail's
Hi Lorraine, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing you at #stage773 !
CAUTION: Studies show that reading can promote thought or speculation, and may even lead to dangerous ideas.
I'm already planning my tour outfit. I had an idea yesterday that blew my mind. Nail related.
Everybody in this lecture is sleep. People in here exercising to stay awake.
your tweets are great.(:
Why haven't I watched sooner? I think I love
Thanks for the RT!
Getting the inspiration as we type.. haha...
Always. RT : Faith will not instantly deliver but it will carry you through.
Blake & Barnes
Tweets is a really stupid word. Whatever
lol what are you lost with?
And thank you, Peggy for keeping up with, and posting important info! Have a great day.
Rip game proppa
OH God damn and I need to Bang on that pussy Queen curly x)... PRINCE WOLFE FLUFFAY
Erin Manning: we must continuously reproduce the processual.
aha...she really could..too bad she's like 20...
Have you talked to me today, I'm an insane person.
Illustrators: favorite red/blue sketching pencil? Go…
Don't spend it all in one place.
That is rather awkward
RT": Having to swallow your pride is the worst"<--Lions don't seem to mind..
I fully expect a reunion to occur!
ahahahahaha i'm planning your death in my head <U+263A>
Inspiring hearing talking about worldwide #climate movement creating unlikely environmentalists organizing 4 political action
The Barbasol commercial on NBC Sports was quite possibly the worst commercial I've ever seen.
Aha too bad c:<
Bout to go to LA Fitness with my crew.
Hope my followers understand . .
I SWEAR I'm going to plant basil in place of grass this year!(I would if I knew 200% the darn voles wouldn't eat it!) :-)
I just want a window office so I can feel the sun.....#whyisit40degressinhere?
#shedidntcallyoubecause she wanted you to call first, or shes mad at you, or shes just busy .
Procrastination nation
i dont see how i was so serious all i said was what do u mean, gurrrrl dont make a nigga get hyphy
Sake...Jella...Stake...k they don't need a couple name...haha
For the record the waiter said 'No single person can eat that - or shouldn't. It comes w a side of insulin.'
Sittin next to , tweeting him, takin notes, on my Twitter, not caring, AT THE SAME DAMN TIMEE
I am thinking it is & thanks for responding.
Who thinks I could be a good model? -_-
awesome!! tomorrow's #chichat is right up our alley
#Riseandwine tweethearts! the weekend is in sight!
Gates is going to punch the NCAA in the face.
Life is long, keep moving ahead, #nevergiveup; remove negative #attitude in life, learn from setbacks as you plow to victory. SeanLetwat
The person has two and I'm like you should let me borrow one. lol
Extra credit. (;
that's good!
that would still put them solidly ahead of Morris Claiborne. #2+2=jello
Sorry UNC-A, we were ALL gunning for ya.
Not an acceptable response.
hahaha are you gonna get in on this too?
Did I miss something? Is today not Saturday?
I will once I get my interview!
Let me know when you find out!
Damn this head ache though <<<<
Today is National Fire Drill Day. Do you know what to do in case of a fire?
That's how my day was, too.
ok this is weird and im dariel :D nice to meet you :D
i see you
Rain? I Think Yes, Why Not?
Goes to show that manly men wear pea coats!
Finally new Thank you !
Every time I pass Hunan Tasty Chinese restaurant, I read the sign as Human Tasty
So much shit to do. Sat down for one sec, started watching Something Like a Business and now I'm glued to this hilarity!
New topic - Two adorable shots - OM-D and 12-50
Does anyone have a Columbia cap and gown I could borrow? Don't ask. I'm dumb. Please message me ASAP.
Run, just as fast as i can. To the middle of nowhere. To the middle of my frustrated fears.
Pretty girls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Ma nigga DMX is a cool ass real nigga str8 up it went excellent
Ok Sun, I rationalized your absence yesterday! It's time to come back out! We miss you!
Nice casual run this AM out on the Crescent trail, thanks to Ron, Ben, Jeanne, Kevin and Chloe for making it fun! Join us next time!
THAT'S OBVIOUS. I AM SO SORRY
bored at work? Consider recording a video for show us one thing you do everyday. Join this
RT : RT : News of budget talks got you down. Then check out #govtshutdownpickuplines Some are so bad they're funny.
I can't stay awake all the way till 11. Good night. Thank you God for the DVR creator.
I just had a nightmare about Banquet week.. Banquet week is this week.
Thanks Tony...
I've always loved that quote abut the Air Force Bombers. Any 1 of which could fund entire 100 #DCtheatre seasons.
Will this go into effect for the April primary and November general election? Is there anything we can do to stop it?
let's just say that "#GeorgeClooney" may or may not somehow be invovled in our #5DayDoc Challenge film...
Along with Cathy Powell, panelists include and
“: “ machine is spelled wrong Bert. <U+041C><U+0430><U+0448><U+0438><U+043D><U+0430>.” // I want the misspelled one. Worth more when u finally get famous
chris is great too :)
First & last time, ha! Thanks Lorenzo!
Your dog won't stop licking my ankles, so that's a little weird, but I get it though. Delicious ankles run in my family.
It's so fucking beautiful to be alive!
Some people (who will remain nameless) do not appreciate eddie money.
I have him every once in a while.... But his razor breaks to easily .. he has a very hairy mustache
LY: At this point, have to quickly mention that NYLA-NMRT newsletter will be delayed. It shall be a Summer/Fall newsletter at this point!
thanks! Are u from Detroit?
I write on all the desks at school,then the cleaners take it off and im like THE FUCK MAN
Thanks for the RT, Derek! Hope you check it out!
Another day in the cities and by myself writing at Perkins on a Friday night.... Life has drastically changed since writing!
Would you ever follow me?AskRyan ????????????
my phone has a spirit of sorts in it. keeps doing things on its own
Do not despise the bottom rungs in the ascent to greatness.
In search of a graphic designer to create a logo for If All Else Fails Productions.
Who's your team this year?
Finally made it to San Marcos! Hope to see and at graduation!
Sturdivant: You will find a lot of resistance to funding something new. Leadership is necessary to overcome barriers.
An ambulance is probably pulling up to green valley ranch casino where my dad bet the house on the Spurs.
Ever have that feeling of not sleeping for days? This is one of them.....
We could've had it al a-al
" i'll kill you if i find out you watching some other movies BITCH!!"
Happy belated birthday! Thanks for spending it with us.
Happy Graduation all my lovely new High Schoolers!!!! I love you all so much! xx
: FRIDAY is finally HERE we r having $2 everything from 10 to midnight and the patio is open. Who's coming.
Hugs! Enjoy your #Monday! RT Thanks for the mention Gramma Kaye!!! HUGS!!!
This shouldn't have made me laugh as much as it did. Well played.
One of many reasons why I'm unlikely to be POTUS: temptation to order overdetermined scenario for Humber to pitch 27 straight outs vs. USSR.
All I can really hope for is for fourth block to go by quickly since ive already seen her. T.T
Just once, I would like to wake up, turn on the news, and hear...'Monday has been canceled, go back to sleep.'
really? Little boy?!
"Look in there, the Hope Diamond's in there!" --nut pointing at a box in an alley, Seattle
Flowers must fascinate insects, and books must fascinate readers, in order to survive.
RIP Junior Seau
GOO MORNING !!!!
Know all the words to #SAYSOMETHIN after listening to in 30 times omgg it's AMAZING<3
Be great if you could make it to the #ChocoTweetup this weekend.
Fuck these hoes with a passion.
Now following
There's something almost godlike about watching your "creations" step out of your cab....
not too much, trying to work as little as possible. -zach.
I think it's time for bed, im so tired. -_- GOODNIGHT.
Holy shit. I need sleep. Ugh..
A way to spend more time on Reddit? Sounds disastrous. ;)
I hate guys that perp...like you still won't yo ex stop playing.
i love you like a love song baby
but: boo Virginia
So "hope and change" was a silly slogan, but "we believe" is not????
you inspire us though your MUSIC
Do you want your teeth to be ten shades lighter in just one hour? LASER whitening is your best option. Call 619.497.6453 for more details
ah yay!!!!! I'll be home Thursday night! Let's go out this weekend or do something next week please
Shout out to all the artists in Orlando Florida makin moves!
“: YOU HATE ON BRITNEY YOU WILL GET SHIT” leave Neil ALONE!! WAAAAH!!!!
-.- this is getting ridiculous.
Missing my !
thanks for the follow make sure to check us out sat in action vs the Virginia storm the Capital City Cowboys CWO
any time! I'm off to bed as well haha
We had the ticket prices wrong. They are $30 not $35. Share The Welt tour with , all that remains, rev theory, and hatebreed!
they lost by like 6 or 8 :( made a good run tho!
Quoting Drake >
ha nice, well hmu if your gonna stay up bc im sure ill be up
Congrats Martini principal, , on your raffle prize!! It better be something awesome!
No joke... Netflix is giving me a four and a half star recommendation for the My Little Pony television series. I feel creepy.
I accepted! XD
Dow down 500, up 400, down 500, up 400. Something isn't passing the smell test. This cat is employing a Hold strategy for awhile
#fact RT <U+270B>RT : You ever seen two crack heads in love? ...It's the most beautiful thing I ever seen. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Shoutouts for shoutouts? I really wanna get to 100 followers?(:
do you know of any site streaming the game today?
Love being able to work and spending time with my bf at the same time!
George W Bush is not happy about Barack Obama getting credit for Bin Laden. He feels Obama is misoverestimated.
We are the 99%
RT : You are a leader. How you lead is up to you.
I have to pee so badly WHY IS THERE TRAFFIC?!
Any wonderful thoughts to share this St Patrick's day for our parade fans?
[2] ... an Israeli Jewish Palestinian rights activist, was shot & killed by 5 masked Palestinians outside the theater he founded in Jenin.
Lunch Special - Chicken Parmesana - Lightly breaded with Mozzarella & Parmesan, Marinara on bed of Pasta & Garlic Bread.
I sometimes wish I could just drive away and never look back
Lets go Yankees!
Ok the list is finished...just not revealing it yet. Look for more announcements of new things between Christmas Eve & New Years Day!
“: Happy Bday Round enjoy ya day!!!! Love ya lots *muah*” Thanks Good Look Come Down Peanuts Tonight
Regent Larson needs to know how many star faculty have been lured away: benefits AND salary are both part of package.
WOW...1.5% turnover at Ethan Allen. Says a great deal about their culture!
Portland wants Goran
would like to chat with u about this. Pls call my office 5035129037 and Sandra can set up a time for us to meet.
Barney Frank at Ford Hall Forum: When gays talk about sexuality it's called coming out,when straight people do, it's called talking.
idk my mom wont tell me but its close to my city is all i know<3
consider me for the grand jury implementation commitee?
OMg tumblr why do you have to be so stupid right now.
Good morning :)
HUGE thx to all the incredible speakers and audience members #nwsocial. Shout out to
At the WI .Net User Group meeting at Northwoods Software.
depends, what did your editor think?
Down bottom be the team
I got joy deep down in my soul and in 2012 I ain't got let nobody steal it
Busy night of political events. meeting & #Ward3Dems forum. Looking forward 2 seeing and others
the people behind the ih8bitches blog have no life -_-
Returning to fitness with beer as my witness, to Miller 64!
yeah. It was pretty disgusting. I have lots to tell you.
Oh give him a break. The state of Ohio hasn't had a chance to root for much when it comes to #NFL. LOL
Its not worthwhile changing for anyone, if they dont like u then its their problem not yours. Accept who u are
RT : Like 's official facebook page << She's 's hair stylist xoxoxo
Well so much for my last tweet.
Baked potato skins sounds too good right now
Thanks :D
AstraZeneca PLC - Transaction in Own Shares
Happy Friday #FF to you! Good plans for the weekend?
The first half of today reminded me why I love my job. The second half reminded me that I don't love all of it.
so true! but i will never understand the STAR tattoo. Your profile pic is sexy enough on twitter
sell me your watch!
SO i heard!! Damn lmao ima finna kill this nigga next week
This sucks we cnt go to hollywood we r some where where there is purple stoplights
Random lady on the court for #Lakers and #Nuggets. Sure why not. She looked a little confused and intoxicated to me.
"May we long share our odd, inanimate feast,/ And meet at last on the Cloudy River of the sky." ~ Li Bai via Arthur Waley
idk what MIA is BUT I MISS YOU TOO
The old ass man tried to talk to me yesterday lik really nigga you old enough to be my daddy
I have the weirdest friends we laugh at the weirdest things do the stupidest things and have fun
Oo what movie?
Thank YOU! Glad you dig it! RT Thanks for the follow cool website
nope. It's how my nephew says vanilla. This week we are debuting banana cream pie with mills wafers
Off to nj
Enjoyed spending time with my daughter...
I know! Lol!
Dinner at #bratfest tonight. M brats!
It is beautiful. Thanks for the suggestion.
: Odds are, as a true salsero, you will be disappointed anywhere, any night, out there!
stop hyper-romanticizing things with the opposite sex, and romanticize normal life things instead.
They say dimonds are the hardest substance in the world , obviously they haven't seen my dick .
good night!
alright Wednesday right?
He's just quoting Deep Thoughts.
You know what is going to make #Boston angry? Once #MBTA fare hike goes into effect in July 2012 all MBTA employees get a raise. Thx
WHO WAS THAT THAT CALLED ME BECUASE IM ALMOST POSITIVE THAT THAT WASENT IT SOUNDED NOTHING LIKE HER
is there a difference between all the CSI's?
Fighting over who gets what side of the bed when comes over.
very kind! Thanks!
Alex Smith in Miami visiting with the Dolphins today.
Get wisdom - its's worth more than money; choose insight over income every time ..
#Heat baby
Bet is well jelly of me. Eating my 3rd pack of skittles in 2 days ;)
Hazy showed up!
Hg Middle keeps telling me they are handling the bullying.Well Gabe was beaten up today ruptured ear drum, multiple contusions&a bloody nose
stopped is spelled w 2 ps, but yes that was a pretty absurd interview
I just finished a 3.25 mi run with a time of 27:56 with Nike+ GPS.
Rest in peace #stevejobs. Insane.
Got any foil or plastic wrap?
My daughter got a $2k unexpected scholarship from Presby Charlotte from doing same; <3 them. Just find a specialty w/hope.
My day became AMAZING half an hour ago now the boyz back on ABDC, so much better <33
/mad scientist...fitting RT : you look like a pedophile with that mustache. Please shave
silly ass but u love it
remember when UNC won today?
THRILLED with the multiple Discovery flyovers! What a morning!
I always slept with all my stuffed animals so they wouldn't get offended.
Having lunch with my old college boyfriend today. I have to look GOOD!. Show him what he's missing... lol So glad that didn't work out.
try! But did you hear that they might be cancelling it? uh oh
gaming is out of this world, going out now.
Honestly, my bro has anger issues. That mf be Ragin at me Fuh no good reason.
Previewing ART on Friday evening Feb 10th. Suggested donation of $5. Limited seating. Email if interested.
excited for this weekend! can't wait to see everyone on stage at Revolution
Thanks for the New Years wishes! Happy New Year!
RT : I've still got two tickets for tonights Union game.Don't want to see them go to waste, but it looks like they might.
hey why can't u be followed April
I never took any classes there! I wish I had!
haha we know everything about sushi delivery! Let me know when you're ready for your 1st order- I'll send you a discount code!
I'm in love with after watching the #UMFTV Couldn't believe the Dexter theme!
Haters gonna hate
Just finished that test in #psychology. I BS'd it but think I did pretty good!
So tired today....... got like 5 hours of sleep
I would write you a million love songs just to hear you sing <3
this is as late as I'm staying up on a school night.... Feel better and hopefully make it through...
Come out to Dobbs in Philly tonight for Acey Slade's Bday Bash...we go on at 8:30-early!!!
Cheery is the perfect word!
I know I know. I'm workin on it
#WeWontWork if your always accusing . Askin' all them questions n' shit .
any luck with an ID? I almost had something going but they guy backed out... haha
Tomorrow I have to wake up early to get an ultrasound on my arm. I sure hope there's not a baby in there.
Gin face tonight
I see LMS on #Facebook at least 50 times a day... and I'm only on for a minute or two DAILY.
very nice dude!!
obviously lol... im doing my hw right now .
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger! <3
Dance therapy
#20thingsaboutme I'm a night owl(:
Same here! Glad to connect with you
Such an easy concept! : Important #Marketing Concept: treat your customers well, love them and find a way to make them happy!
Is it geographically possible for everyone in Australia to live near the ocean? Or at least, every Australian on Instagram?
Tweetdeck has an option to update to google f**king BUZZ?? Isn't this service maintained by twitter now? Where's the g+?
Uh-oh! Most of the gay guys I know are bald. Are they really powerless???
and there's no easy way to get key? if you know tell me or can you give me invite?
#NP "Too Tough to Die" By The Ramones
I am not always so great with Twitter. just saw your from mid Dec hahah
Orlando vs Steak- 72oz Steak Eating Tips: Cut the steak into smaller chunks and methodically consume each one. This may be a mental strategy
Congrats to and for making 20 best beer bars. I couldn't agree more.
Good Morning! What a beautiful day to have a Cowboys and Pizza Party! The Pizzas are going to be delicious and the Cowboys are going to win!
Haha. I bought the stuff I like! And I wanna buy more! I wish I live in Oahu!! Lol. And their water park are Awesome!! :))
thank you :)
hell yeah that's whats up
What's your preference of juice, all PG, or what level PG/VG combo do you prefer?
DELL Corporate: "Our thoughts and prayers go to the Jobs family and to the Apple team"
Airport, Play time!
LOL But for real.
I just asked myself the same thing.
I wish San Diego had Physique 57 or Soul Cycle
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
me and my looser beasted on mortal kombat today & also duke nukem. hell yes. funn day >;)
Chinese people feel what, like 60% of regular people emotions?
LOL yeah I understand. You know what's helped me? Dating 20-somethings lol
Vashon is great, coming home to the peaceful water everyday is so good for the mind. And the water taxi is kickass.
"can i be usher?"
I aint suppose to understand that
TSOI-NY awaiting hurricane asault at local watering hole drinking Brooklyn Lager. Situation stable. More reporting to follow.
Are you ready to divorce your pain and marry your purpose?
APB: Social Media Bootcamp guest speaker presenter types that haven't yet please check in w/ email & subject: Social Media Bootcamp Rockford
-- traces of a dream / a butterfly / through a flower field #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
I wish my besty was talking to me so I can tell her the good news. :(
I can't stress that line enough.
Back to back mechanical errors on flights! Let's go - upgrade your fleet already!
me too!
hopefully there are way more of us out there then there are of them, although here in the South it's a little questionable.
when is the next food truck gathering?
im still heated like who calls u to come to work on both ur days off!! #DntTheyGetit i dnt come in on my days off!!
not yet, thanks for liking the page! Stick with us and we'll be choosing the winner soon!
Feelings are meant to be Expressed not played with or taking advantage of
I agree Cynthia, fight for your man! Everybody has ups and downs.
The start of another Orioles baseball season.. what should we expect this year?
We're staying at the Georgia Center- checking in now!
I love it so far. Production is top notch as always with originality and solid percussion. Classic And I'm just on #6 LOL
so what the bros tryna do
rings all too true
Every four years we get the added day of February 29th. How are you going to make this extra day count?
I love pumpkin! Especially pumpkin chocolate chip cookies. I make delicious pumpkin granola bars if I do say so myself :)
that principle -- of Constitution's supremacy over treaty -- is not questioned there.
Thanks for the RT!!!
movie date!
Back in Austin. Had a great week at #AFM met great folks and got good exposure for the Red, Black, and Blonde! Till next year Santa Monica!
Gary what up!
Life is good!
See you there
burned by
"If you want this, if you want bling bling, if you wanna buy the Jets...WORK. That's how you get it." - One of my favorite quotes
glad you guys had an opportunity to visit
Let's all tweet about all this rain that we've obviously never had before!!!!
#WiseWordsToLiveBy A fine beer may be judged with only one sip, but it's better to be thoroughly sure!
Ok, a little survey...what was the worst trend of 2011 (music, clothes, movies, phrases, celebs etc.) ?
bahahaha omg my moms walking around saying hi kevin
Those still exist?! no,not since college. But i'm spoiled w/nice weather yr round, so i take mini breaks when i can
Who still uses Second Life? Last time I was there (two years ago) it was full of pervs and bots.
that will be one quiet room.
Drink more water today. Will give you more energy. Drink with a silly straw and be able to get rid of reading glasses, better sex, potty tra
Syracuse with the offensive flurry and come up with a goal. Bulls down 1-0 to Syracuse
Thank you! I've been trying to figure it out! :o
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
He was then, I am now; She was then and YOU are now . That's all that matters .
Not having in math is fucking gay!
This rose stinks,
Ambition knows no sunset
True feelings can sometimes be the most difficult to express.
so, a nice splash of spicy pepper sauce?
Thank you! Glad you like :)
WOH...when did I start following you???
follow back ? :)
I hate waiting at the barber shop
Its 80 degrees in Boston! Come soak up the sun at Tia's... Let us know what your favorite summer cocktail is...
i think my pink dress
All Part of a healthy breakfast.
didn't see anything come through yet… let me re-look.
“I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.” <U+2015> Michael Jordan Get in here and train!
Made me wonder what are people remembering you by? If it read "So&so pulled a [insert your name here]" what would people think that meant?
clears up the whole Kim Jong-Il 11 holes in one myth in the new Golf Magazine. It was only 5 aces!
And my 36 hours of hell begin now
When I get to Seattle I'm going to spend a week alone in the woods and when I return I will have hopefully learned something profound
maybe if u stopped talking and started working u would actually get somewhere...
The #RookieDebut is packed with past, present and future NFL players -- it is an honor to be hosting such an amazing group!
These headaches tho :/
tell I said hello!
june 23-25 the bilingual one, what about you ?
and so do I. Except for BVB, I've seen everyone on your list at least once :)
oh so did you go see the boyz
Detention after school for chewing GUM.. lmfao
is looking for .Net Developers, UI Designers, UI Developers, Core Java Developers and Front-End Web Developers - NJ and NYC
What was the last TV show you watched?
thanks pal! see you saturday after next? haven't bought tickets yet but i'll be there.
Early morning victories, big or small, set your day up for success. Go make a couple of victories for yourself first thing in the morning.
Did you know the #Rivoli first opened on September 15, 1927 and was the first Universal Studios Theatre in Indiana?
boy or girl doggie? What kind?
Why did the skunk buy four boxes of tissues?Because he had a stinking cold!
aw. I have to say it no longer thrills me. Making dough in the Hobart thrills me though.
I wonder if Austin will ever come to Dallas,Tx it's only 4hrs away from San Antonio,Tx :)
why would she need one? Big daddy gummint gone take care of everything...
This week's performances: Thursday at Enlighten (Seattle, WA) - 8pm Sunday at C & P (West Seattle, WA) - 3pm
I pray I get red bottoms for my birthday #pleasemom<U+2764>
Framingham joins effort to overturn Citizens United decision
woo hoo! sweet man. just seein when you were available to hang. i only have school mon & thur so im down especially on tue & wed
Good morning Shane!.. Have a great day!
I'm mad that has a lot of followers ):
Thanks for the RT! How's it going? You ready for a long weekend?
cheese right?
Wow!!!! Bill Cunningham fried today Precious is jealous of her stripping bf hahaha hell naw
It just dawned on me that when I conduct presentations, I say "But um" as filler. Must. Fix. Pullin' a
Hey ACC! Follow for updates on #ACCBattleOfTheBands!
"Pay no mind to those who talk about you behind your back. It simply means you are 2 steps ahead of them."
"And the there was 2"
Congrats to my friends Summor and Mike Beach on their new beautiful baby boy, Conley! Love y'all!
Hey Angie thanks for following :) If you have a sec later check out my music if you'd like to laugh :)
Happy Fourth of July!
Bauerlein says average teen sends 3,500 texts/month. What?!
mob wives yes
This is a mean, f*****g cruel world & I want my nappy & medication right now!
According to my prof, my name is either Josh or Jesse. I guess that's a step up from being called Juan.
Just tapped #Rahr Winter Warmer !!!
One day you are going to miss her chasing you, you're going to miss her annoyingness, & you're going to miss how much she cared.
When someone leaves you, you learn to be more independent.
is that "Don't screw up Nolan", or "Don't screw up, Nolan"? Big difference.
#YouWereCuteUntil you burped & farted! -.-
Will definitely be stopping by the #linkedinchat! I am excited to learn more about it!
is a great client. I get the good people.
I'm kind of loving Lierac Homme Anti-Wrinkle Moisturizer and Kiehl's Midnight Recovery Concentrate. An antiaging dream team? Maybe!
-all my followers, please go get on facebook and like Taitlyn Shae Hughes page, read the inspiring story of a sweet 12 year old girl...RIP<3
a week from tomorrow but I go back to school august 10th I much rather get out later I hate how we get out so fucking early!
want me to add you to the Seabug mailing list? Next one's May 5th! I'll also be teaching Blender at Linuxfest Northwest
The last thing your jobs proposals create is a "better environment" –
If you schedule an appointment that you can't keep at least have the decency to give a courtesy call to cancel.
Damn Haters! Just stop with the Keyra tweets. If ur talking about her that just shows u dont have the balls to tagg her in it. Let her be!
trash talking Ohio St. with my parents & super religious aunt. serious self censorship going on. LETS GO
Wedding that I'm standing up in today. It should def be a great time.
We're sure they weren't wayward FGA? RT M Speights had 2 asts last night. Career high is 3, done just once.
Being in a awkward moment right now!!! Hahaha
See...this is what I'm here for, lol.
I think about you in the summertime, and all the good times we had baby.
I said, sit back down where you belong, in the corner of my room with your snapback on ;)
Nice! Thanks for stopping by.
Crüe fan club members get presale tix in about 29 minutes...I'm poised and ready to click!!!!! Hair-rock dream come true!!
Most celebs that do #FF recommend other celebs , you are way cool just doing your fans, you truly are one of the good guys:)
C'mon Kim!
My jar of hearts is running a little low. Time to visit the body shop?!?!
your a faggot.
yes! feel better soon :)
Heard some good pieces by Adrian Moore, Tom Lopez, and Hans Tutschku at the NYCEMF. And of course Seda was awesome!
Today was a good day, until I got to volleyball.
I rather date a married bitch cause those single bitches got issues
yes? lol oh and try tweetdeck im using it and its useful... i can see the @ replies...
CALLING ALL PATRIOTS: STAND TALL AMERICA...Our next generations is needing our support! We are all PATRIOTS and must help each other~
Come on . Today is the ONLY free time I have to buy my necessities !.
Thank you Todd. Have a great weekend as well.
: hi Ms. Tiffany, I really hope I get to open a show for u again.
Just love hearing grassroots folks talk to decision makers!
“ World market with #Dangerous #EnglishFoodEverywhere” black pudding?
Phillip phillips<3
Gosh Austin's voice in #SaySomethin holy crap.
OCD should go into the DSM-V. Just watched 12 seasons of #LawAndOrderSVU in one month because I don't like to series-jump.
where u goin
shoutout to my boyfriend in the hospital with a case of nonexistence
Two kiddo play dates and #Badger game this weekend.
“: "The only thing more expensive than a good developer is a bad developer"— via ”
Earning an online bachelor degree may cost less than attending a traditional university program.
And Steve had jerry go long for a return pass! GO GIANTS!!
Bad timing...my Tide pen has run out :(
nervermind, so hows ur love life? Hey just noticed u live in the U.K. so cool!
so that's the secret?!?
how much time do you get in between movies?
with places like the liquor store at 108 Blue Hill Ave, it's hard for legitimate small businesses to succeed. it's a shame.
Haven't been on here in forever. Feels good to be back :)
Good bye Irene and good riddance!
Also managed to speak loudly enough to be heard over the furiously typing hoards in the gallery!
Something is wrong when you take the day off and you arrive too early to the Post Office.
Save Kino Ars in Kraków! I used to live down the street (Sw. Jana) and saw many films there. It's a beautiful space with a wonderful staff.
1 in 4 girls and 1 in 6 boys will be sexually abused before they turn 18. It's likely you know a child being sexually abused right now.
you're welcome!! You're a fashionista! Haha :D
I saw this banging shirt that I want !!!! <U+E116><U+E116>
I agree totally, he couldn't put guys away even after being ahead in the count. He has a good curve, he didn't throw it.
That totally looks like SPAM. It's really a SNL skit! It's a joke when people make a big deal out of YT views when they've paid for them.
Did you hear that Amber? A FAMILY.
ya! How are you?--Rico
Digital only book sale from today! #Free Children's book Pandora's Park. $.99 for Eroma, Trail Mix1 & 2. Racy romantic #scifi!
Bgc tonight! Word .
Ok, went with KingDav0n, a mixture of my middle name david and my last name carson, and the king is for King Devid in the Bible.
I am a bathtub enthusiast. It's a special skill. :)
$NASV in penny breakout mode! This is a huge technical indicator to break out of sub-penny range. The MoMo is on!!!!
10 billion earth-like planets may exist in our galaxy, astronomers suggest
thanks Josh! #febhaus is such a gorgeous show
“: - Never make a Gemini woman jealous, you will live to regret it.”
Join us for a Cannabis Freedom March organizational meeting today (Sat 26th) from 4-6p @ the Cannabis Defense Coalition. Volunteers welcome
then explain...
Thanks so much!
Music produces a kind of pleasure which human nature cannot do without. ~Confucius
The birthday cake was awesome! You guys are doing great on Twitter!
Where the pools at?
would be, but it's gonna be OKC gainst Lecon and D-bag wade.
SWEET! I'll root for you! I wish I was able to do that, I'm not anywhere near ready though. Considering a BJJ tourny in March tho!
if he don't, slap the shit outta him.
Omgghg I know!!! The fish are massive!!!!!!!!
bullet shells in the chili.
He whispers in my ear tells me that I'm fearless he shares a melody and tells me to repeat it
You guys. You can TOTALLY MARRY your gay cousin in North Carolina. Y'all just have to be of opposite sexes. Ok? Get it right!
Happy Friday!!!
was that an clover that #sjp was sporting in sex in the city 2?!
#FF for both "lazy harp seal has no job" and the headline "Giant snake and giant turtle were besties"
Had a wonderful coaching with Evelyn Lear. What an honor to work with such an incredible diva.
Gloria Steinem: A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle
What was his symptom?
yes indeed! And he will only get better
My son was 19 yesterday & my eldest daughter is 18 today!!! HAPPY B-DAY KIDS! :-D
I love the new profile pic!
Lets Go Cowboys!!!
Shipping to the East Coast and California today.
I take great pleasure knowing that either the #giants fans or #patriots fans are going to be devastated after the #Super Bowl.
OH: My eyes just got lazy!
Born to be somebody - justin bieber!!!!
I'm jelly. I've been listening to Coco Rosie a bit, even though they scare me. It has filled the music void a bit.
haha true. its a long time between when hockey ends and football starts :(
This wind is not good for my hair today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Hip Hop and the Earth lost a true legend today. R.I.P.
Thanks! Love you too, Michelle! :]
Can't understand the surprise of some re Assange/Nasrallah iview. Assange revealed his pro-thug politics a while ago.
humming roberta flack in my head.
Happy Birthday ! it's mine too. Great to work with you on iQuit iCary, thanks for having me on the show ! Joey, aka 'Dave'
Craving EVERYTHING...
Think we might have broken gmail. Our bad.
NO FAIR
I went from having back-up plans for back-up plans to having no plans at all -_-
I just updated my ReadyHosting website, check it out! www.meningitis-angels.org
lol I know right?! Oh and devil in a new dress needs to be playing in the background!:p
I take it some things never change. (O:
"what the heck" (as the babies would say)
should arrive tomorrow...
I will tweet you everyday until you acknowledge the Bing API TomorrowBook.com, good or bad
Ok....just checking. Otherwise we might have had to say you're crazier then Charlie Sheen right now.
First breakout session. From Facebook to Your Books.
RT : And it's official - Houston-Portland is at HALFTIME before #Bulls-#Celtics game is over!
I hope he smiles.
MT : Thought ur Tech101 today #CommunityJustice2012 was awesome! Excited to try some new tools!
Going to lunch with the grandparents but it was unplanned so I'm dressed like a bum oh well at least I'm with them
Boom-ba-da name a nigga round here harder
Needs grassroots involvement as well teachers and parents. Change is much needed.
I will be! Can't speak for Jory cause I think he doesn't know where he'll be yet.
my wrist hurts idk why. And my middle finger hurts because a bee stung it -.-
:P love you, Left.
#YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen Your wash is full of more running attire than "normal people clothes".
Lots of great sporting events this weekend; from #UFC on #FX to Duke vs UNC to #RondaRousey vs #MieshaTate and much more... Let's do this!
Love Colbie Caillat's song #NowPlaying I Won't
. Happy Mothers...nevermind
AIG--They drive the company into the ground, get 165 mil in bonuses. Is this the twilight zone, or what?
I know I was like crap. Haha but then yes!
Idk why, but I'm just not into make-up. I don't see what the hype is all about; I feel kind of un-girly when it comes to that but OH WELL!
WHY THE FUCK IS #WeWontStopHatingSelena TRENDING?! YOU BEACHES!! YOU GUYS ARE SO MEAN. STOP THE DRAMA NOW.
Dear Daniel is it wrong that I beat up a. Albino Kid
What's up with 's girlfriend being such a slut? You don't deserve that. You're too real to be living so fake.
Check it out, Dico. :Lakers GC described app hearing impaired can download to get closed captioning for PA.
How great is #our God...sing with me!!!
lunch definitely
That's fucking WAY SEXY!!!!
Putting $100 to Win on Creative Cause in the #KentuckyDerby. Union Rags to place. Bodemeister to show.
Has Matt McGloin been drafted yet? They can hold his rights to 2013, correct?
follow me lol since we gonna b friends im not holding back now ya know ur gonna see me UNCENSORED!! U cool with this?
“: to any girl who didn't receive a goodnight text message on this tuesday night.. goodnight beautiful <3” ^guys take notes!!!!
In the end, my biggest problem with Awake was that it was on NBC. Even when I liked it, I knew that cancellation was imminent
#Canon 5D Ml is a stills camera w video features For a flip screen & all the perks, C300. The BIG difference is the price
Going down to the St. Patrick's Day Parade this weekend? You may want to protect your eyes from UV rays with some stylish shamrock...
Saw Kevin Smith Burn in Hell on Netflix. His Dad story was inspiring, made me appreciate how mine went out. Thanks!
Just because you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. Just because you can't see God doesnt mean you stop believing
she tell u lolololol
Fearful of what April Fools pranks await me...Sorry Michelle :(
i feel like i have been missing so much, not really being on and everything..
Hello Twitterverse. On the red line with my bike, because I'll be riding around in Hyde Park
Mint.com is so cruel! "In the past 30 days, you spent $1,410 on Travel. Usually you spend $3." My annual vacation budget, therefore: $36
hi Shelley! Nope--4 wks...how are you?
oh you did me wrong it's war Zeak lol
M, chocolate chip cupcakes with a cookie dough surprise inside at the office! Great way to end the work day!
Thanks! Will add those to our list....
Eugene here I come!
How many people can say they have walked into the Hotel Crillon wearing Converse and lived to tell the tale?
alice cooper?
You win some and lose some. That's life
Cause you're that girl.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
bc i said so lol, NOPE i do not!
Didn't know was moving on, Rick. Didn't know he went to #Syracuse, either.
no yours is close enough to mine. im first lol
Watching old Dr. Who episodes. The sp
I hate seeing these knee injuries! Why so many this year?
I can't BELIEVE Cameron left #TheGleeProject I love u guys,anyway u could give a hint on next weeks show? :-)
Headed to UNF to watch my oldest, Noah, compete in his 3rd triathlon. So proud of him. A great athlete, but a better young man.
I heard it snowing in some parts of #abq? WHAT!?
Wait! #PetPeeve: a know-it-all.
DAMN IT ERICK!
And well deserved, I might add :-)
uh oh. Did i ever tell you my rule?
#LiaSophia show tonight, looking forward to some cocktails with the ladies :)
Thanks for the FF mention, we can use as much exposure as we can get. Stay safe!
Yes, esp if its a category in which a diff chunk of publication revenue (such as royalties or partnership payments) lives.
Taking a nap at 10pm sucks! Dear Baby Jesus, I wld love to go back to sleep! Next ill be thinking abt Ihop!!!
Did u forget to cultivate a #tightimage first? RT : When did old people stop folding?
Somebody tell that he's too small to be starting fights with the #Bears. Don't blame for your TAINTs.
how bout a mention 4 those braving the cold at the #polarplunge for 2day in kenosha & 2morrow in Muskego.
ChurchPlaza™ Launches New Value Priced Lighter Weight Church Chair Series Combining Polymer Technology and Virtually ...
Picnic for my little sisters today? I think so :)
checking out Wine in the Woods for the first time this year. So excited!
checking images for the st gall monastery virtual library, talking about XML in Johanna Drucker's design workshop, working on the campaign
the finger most likely
its very nice of him to take you out so much. Not all pups are that nice to funny smelling monkeys.
Have a blast with #AgentDPHX!
making money doggie
in Fresno u
Thanks! That's a bummer!
If I didn't know any better, I'd say today was Friday the 13th because this day has been an awful mess!
Much to Thank for this year - including all of CloudTriXs Twitter Friends. Have a blessed Thanksgiving weekend - Enjoy with family & friends
Santo's secret service agent - watch out for that blonde woman. she is trouble. why? she may be carrying birth control pills
I need to find myself a Mr. Darcy.
Freelance Art Directors and Designers, Systematic, Needed ASAP! Hit me up if you are available.
When people reply with "cool" it means there not interested
Good Night
Thank goodness for iced coffee.
Global Sources scheduled to report first quarter 2012 results on May 17, 2012 - Sacramento Bee
you said "dont you just hate em""
But looking away doesn't change a thing. So I struggle to look this death in the eye. To make it plain that I do not consent.
Great things happening
The white cap sounds like George Dubya Bush
and Imma let you finish, duck.
judging by ur haircut, I'd bet you'll like the vids we've done at www.silverproductionsmv.com, which includes 's vid.
It's all good
I guess dis is goodnite. Love you and miss you and I hope you have a good day at school love you bay and goodnite my queen
Good morning, friends! Big plans in the works for us. What big things are you planning for yourself this year?
SEVENTH GATE by Richard Zimler WWII literary mystery, WHITE HORSES by Alex Adams the world ends yet again.
Kobe shouldn't have gone to Casa Bonita before the game.
this is ridiculous. She's good but calm down yo! I guess next week shall tell what america really thinks.
good seeing and at #UberIcon tonight
this made my night.
Ugh them bitches
I stand corrected :) thanks
Shooting my new music video in two weeks !!!! Be up soon :)
amen, sister!
Schools! Educators & students would love to have the Kindle Fire. With ongoing budget cuts in education - the price is right.
And a big thank you to for giving us the skills sets to present on this topic!
Love the TV and multi-media though. More a lair than a living room. Which is kind of awesome.
Kevin Martin said it would take congress to change the date.....He is prepared for a lot of phone calls when it happens....Great person
Home! Gee that was fun, when do we get to do it again? :)
The focus in #WWE is moving from to the That's one thing made pretty clear by Vince McMahon.
I'm great! What are you looking to invest in? Love me some investing!
Holy crap. Adam Yauch. Thanks for everything, MCA.
Juss woke up ...bout to do my thing thing and be out on da sun...
I keep hearing those against change use the phrases 'share' & 'redistribution of wealth' but what we need to discuss is fairness.
Thank u 4 your inspiring Nancy Hanks Lecture last night & 4 your support of the arts administration field.
Will do! Who is with me #pdx RT : Come on out whenever you want!
Driving by some town called Charlton in half an hour. you ever heard of it ?
Thanks for your help. Cheers & Shabbat Shalom.
Lol what it's different yours is cute tho
Hit me up for Photo/Video
I couldn't agree more! Thanks for the free roll, too. You guys rock!
new icon!!!! I LOVE IT.
#Twitter makes me like people I've never met and #BecauseOfFacebook I hate people I know in real life
It's almost time for the reveal! At 507pm Maryann will see her new room! You can stream it online at www.newsplex.com
Thinking the same thing... Guess they gotta increase sales. RT : It All Belongs To Me did not fit that scene at all. Come on now
I can't help it. I love instructor sample copies.
knicks bulls monday. i will do my best to explode twitter along with the rest of twitter.
If my child sits too close to the television, will it damage his/her eyes? The short answer is no, at least, not for long periods of time.
Lagond Music's best kept secret...The Speakers have hit the stage!
"I have a dream that my children will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character." Thank you Dr King.
good morning Romeo! Thanks for the RT! We need to raise lots of money to help our neighbors!
Bishop getting closer to putting together the conference. Can't wait.
Arizona Brain & Spine Center welcomes new patients.
State Line Soccer Show starting now on
I'M LIKE IN MY BED NOW
Congrats! RT“: Cap and gown on. In line waiting to go in for graduation. Let's do this!! #classof2012 #graduation”
Jawan Harris has a gorgeous smile and teeth.
so in the meantime, im gonna go to walgreens & get some ciggs, fold up my laundry and wait til gets to my house later :D
*their. Idiot.
Holiday Cheer for FUV concert report: 3 singers for harmony and counterpoint, distinct parts and different time signatures
Follow me? <3
I see you girl hahah
do you still do appearances on the larry kudlow show? had to stop watching him some time ago. awful rhetoric.
yea imma weirdo just
Quiz every lecture, how lucky am I?
I want my tax dollars to go to #plannedparenthood and I vote.
sitting beside . This girl is kinda crazy :p
do you have a date
Just found out this week I get to go to Very cool opportunity for me.
So working until almost 4AM doesn't make me late for work. The totally blinding FOG however did
Watching "A Football Life, pt 2"
what are u talking about?
yeah was unbearably hot summer which is why i basically lived on the lake
definitely - let me know when you're ready to share - ill get you my email
Yo. Cop me one mayne lol RT : I want a black and red "obey" beanie
prefer watching sports given crap that's on - are there any games today?
Clean the house today
you need Mayo to encourage you over the 'great warrior wall.'
Old ass nigga in a fucking big bird suit with a blue hat and a yellow feather in that bitch
Liquid soap EASY "Fill a jar w/water drop a bar of soap wait 1 day "Presto you have a jar of liquid soap called GOOP for the Goober in you
Good Morning!
Saw my former co-worker, the one and only , dropped a #SnarkLife on Twitter. Not sure if I'm proud or scared it's spreading.
ATTENTION!!! Live music tonight! Rock out with the high energy sounds of OUTTA SYNC! Full band, 10PM, no cover- don't miss it!
Awww, sorry...we're calling it quits after this, as it's been a long day for us. Have a good show!
I need to hk with Christian grey
Packing it up Bout to see what #Durhamraleigh be like on a friday night!!
. Jira is so much better now that it has our logo :) Next step: get to love it.
Saw you on CNN....Good Stuff...you seem like a character...had to follow you!!! holla!
I hate it when your grandparents act like they can control and know everything about you. Cause honestly they can't and don't. (:
Ain't shit new to me you a lil cool to me..
oh really now? for what?
my day was like a rollercoaster but one thing for sure is that it ended being one of the best nights because of my jrotc friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'll let you know & thank you! (:
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)5
are you coming???
I love the fact you favorited my tweet! are you excited to see me... I'm going to be in San Fran next week :)
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Just finished 4 miles in the trail.... Feeling good...now where shall I watch the game tonight??
we just printed our invitations, but really want a folio and absolutely ADORE yours. Is there any way to buy those from you?
I have soo many projects due all at the same time....(0 _ 0)
Hey Jeff. Exciting times ahead for you all. Sorry we never got to grab that coffee. Blessings to you all on what is next.
RT : Grateful for my bestie Inspirational, talented, and real. :)
oh, could you please vote for Indonesia? (: it would mean the world to me<3
Car shopping for who would have that it's such hard work lol
Almost time to pick the lucky winners for the #FreeArtGiveaway!
ima txt you
i'm over it tho .
does not matter to me what people do they cant stop it now its already started they will just have 'to 'watch 'and 'see, '
Whatchutalkinbout'Willis! Your info and insights were invaluable! Thanks for sharing!
Gray hairs? Hmm. must be behind the wheel. This car is AUTO-matic. This car is HYDRO-matic
Given the money and careers at stake, shouldn't the ATP have some min standards on court conditions?
Saw it once in the movies (with my dad) and twice on a secret internet site.
It's official. Word AND Excel have been removed from my dock. Still standing? Numbers and OpenOffice.
Leaving for Australia in 4 days!
me too IM LIKE SHIT BRO . That's like 100 essays fuck hahahah
Waking up may be hard but find the drive and for heavens sake don't snooze.
Missing the already. Smurf colored trains. Musical train components. Birch wood brakes, so hard braking smells like campfires.
I missed 2...count them TWO...Riffs with Dermot Hussey! That should be a lawsuit waiting to happen!!!
Congrats girl!
Lindsay's first commute, feelin' like a champ. Now, how do I get home?
and I finished my edits per yog's request on our little proj on possible trades. Little blurb.
Chris "Birdman" Andersen is being investigated for child pornography? Unbelievable. He looks like such a nice, normal guy.
Drive life in the Fast Lane is so powerful that we have to wait until Tomorrow to give you all the keys!!! Subscribe to www.dmwilliams.org
talk to
Robbert Horry on NBA tv?? Talk about a #clutch player
143=I love you :)
Good people make bad decisions all the time - but some of us do it on stage with a rock band! Tix are almost gone!! 3234628460
not very many! :)
Yeah, TV is pretty solid, but movies are just terrible, at least for things that I've wanted to watch recently…
thanks! :) have a great day!! RT : RT : morning all!! <~ Good morning to you! :)
#WES2010 is off the chain!!! omg
The fan just kicked into a higher gear. I get it, I get it.
I'd do anything for it to be summer right now. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
you guys crack me up.
Klout says I'm unfluential on Sundance, technology, & Golden Girls!
We have been talkin for 5 hours and have not fallen asleep good job Aaron
Vinyl. Sun room. Rain. Coffee. Studying. Friends.
That might have been my last concert at the Masquerade ever...
I love watching bria push strangers in the trash can
Watching last night's #TDS. Loving how wonderfully obsolete it is, less than 24 hours later!
Tomorrow, Sept. 25th: More Than the Score lecture, Haiti: The People, Politics and Plans for the Future. Join us at Alumni Hall, 10 a.m.!
Someone tell Marino to sit somewhere else, Suh might stomp your ass.
Of course Bill Clinton would support Rick Perry's Dream Act. He granted 3 amnesties of his own in the 90's. Gotta love open boarders.
About to release some live footage from our show at Webster Hall... Are you ready?
Working with BGE to get the street lights back on on the 1800 block of Jordon.
Some great video of a guy getting the shock of his life while walking and texting.. you don't want to miss it.. News8
great hands!
i miss them! <U+E058>
oh IRB, such a love-hate relationship...
Ain't none of these bitches on my cruising altitude .
50% off tonight don't forget...
is my bff this am. counters, floors, laundry & more #springcleaning #whatsgottenintome???
Let's Go #saints! It's Gametime! 10.00 domestic buckets at during the game!
happy thanksgiving
Now witness greatness...
What a combo you guys will be!! Welcome to #BBN!!!
Journaling is my way of releasing stress. I love to do it online, in a virtual community. Very safe, but satisfying.
I get attached so easily.
Anyone else more than a little worried that is speaking on behalf of
I could not have said it better! RT : This day is stupid.
I might call her when I wake up
Cleaning....cleaning
#YouGettinPunchedIf you mess with my family.
GoodMorning Everybody, Thank God For Another Day! Time to Rise & Grind! word to
#perecki Great images. Yes, address timing issue.
happy 4th everybody beer,BBQ then going to the macy's firework tonight
no doubt! I've been neglecting my duties.
Today is the Princeton Farmer's Market from 11am to 4pm in front of the library. Come and see us. We are juicing!
gotta love the fam, I used to steal shit from James all the time lol
Agreed! RT : Dermot is better than Steve
I'd like to send you copies of my Vampire novels the Embellish Saga if you'd like?
"Can children attend the exhibition?" The answer is, "of course!" However, we request that all kids be accompanied by an adult.
HEY Bonnie!! Thank you for the follow!! :) - Ava & Loretta
I hope all of you ladies out there on your period are enjoying being bitchy.
Gig tonite at the hair of the dog saloon in middletown CT. Come down if ur in the area
It feel a lil like summer n the winter time n Minneapolis Danm......
Another beautiful day in the bay!! Loving this sunshine!
Did you know: Barry Bonds' 73 home runs are the record for home runs in a team's first 162 games?!
:p invest, invest, invest!!
R/T Women who abuse there authority
Theres a snake in my boot
hold on, Pedro was an Expo, though your sight might be blinded by the fact he also pitched for the BoSox
wowsa. Soak that up.
cooking up some mac and cheese
The usual Panda then seeing The Lucky One with
Brendan Willing James and Saint John are in the house tonight. Get here before 8 and there is no cover!!! For real! (normally $10.
I bet it was that dinner my grandma cooked!!! She out to get me >.<
There you go again being like u are. With those faces. God if i say one thing and i say nother 100% ur gunna be w/ the first
I'll find some somehow
It was my pleasure man!
The Big Bend area is an area so vast that cameras cannot capture it's expansiveness. Like looking at the Milky Way through a straw.
thats horrible! I told him to contact a health professional, but I could try to find info in the interim
If you can do it on your own , it's not big enough! God specializes in whats impossible to you .Faithculturechurch.org
Feynman thought that, "Einstein had failed because he stopped thinking in concrete physical images and became a manipulator of equations".
Fuck that sucked. But honestly, the Caps didn't even look like they wanted to win. Like at all…
Today I freaking dissected an earthworm.......it smelled so bad
oh yeah haha(;
PS: I'm watching Dead Man as I read your tweet, which means that I doubly agree...
Approx. 2 Weeks until soft opening of Arizona's First Business Card Super Store in Tucson AZ Grand Opening w/Specials & Giveaways May 1st
Dang. I just saw this. :(
love you more!
VOTE FOR US TO WIN A PEPSI GRANT! Vote online at www.refresheverything.com/tnbuylocal & text 102222 to 73774
Hot girls we have problems too! We're just like you except we're hot!
I think I found a new facility! Got my office today too! The business is really coming together! Success is the only option!
Naito Parkway traffic extra heavy today due to construction and traffic avoiding the May Day protests going on by the Park blocks
i was debating between "bush league" and "amateur hour," but "rookie stuff" works too.
True. I have been blessed the last 7 yrs. w/ open & caring admin. It pains them they are bound by such rules. Still bound.
#FF The greatest sports media
Check out Alfonso XII of Spain, our beard of the day. It's a good one!
What did you win!?!?
RT : #Tampa kicks ass. Great community, great people. Just sayin. Thank you for all the support today.
MUSICFEST TONIGHT AH!!!
ignore me. also seems likie children should come with volume control. divine oversight?
I don't see why not, Jairo. Shoot me a DM.
whoa, lookin sharp with the goat. nice look
ACM School of Music just signed up our 70th student! It's great to be able to bring contemporary music to so many people
I'm good! How about you? Did you get anything for Christmas?
It seems odd to me in the Assassin's Creed I trailer that the enemies continue to stand there like idiots, because now they have guns.
Mr.Right will come to me iguess..done looking
RT : Moon Lunacy strikes again: The impending Supermoon is to an average full Moon what a 16" Pizza is to a 15" Pizza. So chillax.
Why I jump over the gate like that lmao
would it b possible if u can kiss a 5ft 11in guy that ur wit
TOMORROW! AUDITIONS ARE TOMORROW for Cripple of Inishmaan! Contact Matt McIver if interested!!!!!!
going to KET today to pitch the Buffalo Trace distillery documentary. Stay tuned!
I would!
Emy and I are off to see Hugo! Then a relaxing night of turkey day prep and curling up w some academic reading
Wonderful - It has been too long!
So Casey made it to his place after all, bur why didn't she just get IN the jacuzzi? #caseysdisguise,
urrr so cute :)
its ok i forgive you
New phrase: You got World Peaced!
I had a dream that my dad was on this morning. Not sure why.
at 2. You haven't been responding to texts!
My birthday is on Sunday.
You did an awesome job on your mom's cd God Is Everything To Me
Charlie Sheen on Twitter. Should I/you follow? Everyone likes to watch a train wreck. Nor sure if I do.
The production is by the Acting Program. This will be on the Black Box stage in mid April. Playing Johnny the CFO.
If someone asks you "Will you remember me when you get famous?" Reply by saying "Will you remember ME when I'm homeless and poor?"
Rainy day in Austin, Really wishin was here BUT I can wait one more day :) #HurryUpFriday <3
ya, had a brain fart lol
WHAT. AH.
Guys who hide there feeling always end up lonely singing drakes song Marvins room haha!
Updating the website tonight to include the confirmed Jazz Masters so far. So excited to have these cats on board!
I Dnt chase no chicks I just chase my dreams!
"the opposite of love is indifference" - The Lumineers
like me
dm Who do we talk to about working together strategically? We are putting together a natl consortium & HP is among our favorites.
OK Lakeshow let's take a vote; all in favor of us losing one more game to give Artest/Peace more time to return to the lineup say "Hay"
#Steelers draft OG David DeCastro with the 24th pick in the
Shiiiit, that's still too young for me. Ripe is 25... Hell, his balls barely dropped.
A wait list in #Chicago for a ConnectingCircle at the Salud Tequlia Lounge this week! Love the energy of potential friendships!
don't knock it till you try it
sitting sick i hope i feel better
how are you doing, otherwise? I haven't seen you on twitter much lately.
wait, I thought it was Andrew McCutcheon? Guess ESPN was wrong the other day?
Join us on 4/17 us for a noon talk on pioneering Richmond architect Beth Barnard Nickels.
Dark moments? How charming.
Okay, okay The Barn is not an option for today's kids. God damn, I'm old. 1995 was a long time ago.
So did #Obama just change his mind about gay marriage? Or did he realize it is election time?
": and > You guys are such weirdos. Lol" we the men
I am twice the man I am because of you.
what's that? Where do I get it and how long do it take to work?
I felt bad about spooking it but there was not much I could do.... or undue!
Today I had a fight with my best friend <3, but it's okay, because we can´t resist, when we fight we become friends again, so what ever xD
2 Chainz looks like Jay-Z and sounds like Birdman so basically he has no flaws.
This is the 3rd class in a row that I had a sub <U+263A>
There is never any food in this shit hole
Thank you so much Tabitha!!!
Thinkin about #oomf just know I want ya lol
First weekend of winter break, and I'm sick when everybody's in town and wants to hang out. :|
Our rental car has Sync. And it sucks. Know why? It's powered by Microsoft.
yeah it is but I'm prom shopping and getting my nails done then later idk I want to go to the movies or something
Does a Mogul need to get involved?
We are testing out what happens when you mention someone.
LeBron stat line is crazy
Luke Walton ain't walking thru that door
Don't let the day slip away, enjoy it on your bike!
Have a great weekend everyone from all of us at MAU!
gonne need more g's than that word is that starts with 5
then do something
The Write Type - Multi-Author Musings: Retiring a Series, Retiring a ...
One Upon A Time In The East
We all want the same thing
trying to get that double U sir
Listened to Sheila Walsh...spoke about her early struggles but reminded us that we have a great Shepherd who never stops loving us we matter
kool I take chinese in school
haha awesome. I didn't know if it was a really dumb question or not.
Thank you Rori for putting GaLuWi on your blog at Celebration Pie Festival. You Rock!
Book a Pet mini before Earth Day and we'll donate 21% of the proceeds and session fee to - how cool is that?
thanks for the #FF! :-)
"I was driving & I spilled coffee on my lap & now my penis is on fire!!!!" wtf am I suppose to do about that??
My flight looks like a casting call for The Biggest Loser.
Just got an email from Amtrak saying that I *may* have been exposed to measles. Gotta love train travel.
I'm so against abortion.
Post high school learning considerations going international, suggesting new mash up concept: "creative class brain drain."
+1! RT : Love this >> RT : Something other that RT as a way to acknowledge a great idea or cool tweet
Listening to old school while I'm banned from my apartment.
A Successful Man continues to Look for Work After he has Found a Job ~unknown
I shall be most proud and pleased
Yes please!!
Artist "To thine own self be true!"
I must say I had a wonderful weekend.
Oh how I miss you clear night skies & glimmering stars. Beautiful moon out tonight. Sweet-dreams. Good-night! Z
Oh that's cool, haven't heard from you in days.
Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
Digging Erin on #thevoice. But the sets are so weird. It's like some kind of Broadway number or something. Not digging it.
Well Actually, and I are old friends...just catching up.
styrofoam cup, jolly ranchers at the bottom
Got the brothers bathroom updated with removal of old wallpaper, new paint and texture.... who is next? : )
Home now my kitten waited til i got home to go to sleep..aww (:
Things may seem bleak right now, but I know that this storm will past and the sun will shine brighter than ever before.
Plz follow me
I'm sorry, but don't we fund schools to ensure that people don't think like morons?
Thank you for the lovely mention!
R.I.P. Dick Clark:( new years won't ever be the same..
San Antonio: Next several days will be m/cloudy with a chance of rain thru Friday. Today: 30% chance of rain, mostly cloudy, high 80.
Hahahahaha..did brad say it was RCL where we were gonna have a huge shaving cream fight? Or was that church camp?
#FF making movie magic.
what's on ur mind?
Happy National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day!
#latin for the day - Non omne quod licet est honestum. - "Not everything that is permitted is honorable."
It's the last day of Winter!!! :)
i love that she just said "snot"
THAT is for sure! ;-)
Happy birthday Bella
I am going to be enjoying a relaxing evening in my hood in #uptown. What about YOU #sandiego? Hm??
Well i learned the best thing to do is not give a fuck, enough said...
Excited to be hear at #womcc , listineing to get us started. #imintheback <waves>
I like that.. I need that.. I want that.. I see that.. Can I meet that.. Where u be at.. Everybody trying to beat that
Got a good vibe for tonight's #RedSox game. The Large Father loves to turn it up against his former team.
aw shucks! thanx :)
really needs to FIRE their entire marketing staff... SC3900 was released this morning, and I lost interest about an hr later
Even though William Shatner went off the cliff in that bus, I managed to score a deal on Priceline :) TN bound..
Well since your online will you follow me.(:
Happy 4th of July from StaffingMarketplace
Yall Ladies Need To Be Ashamed Of Yallselves Tryin To Hold Out For A Tall Man....
Free tool for taking care of ToDos and goals! www.IamINC.biz
Flying off to Portugal tomorrow.
it's beautiful what you said!! :)
How do i get people to care? HELLO. does anyone see this tweet? like does anyone care? seriously...
Are you licking your shirt?
RT : Put that blazer back on and show somebody a thing or two!
Hope my check in the mail today
loved your coverage of us in - hope you will consider us for Good luck tomorrow!
Break that Single supports indie music. I want to talk to you about "Break That Single!" Call me @ 702-521-9715 Nate.F
That's like really confusing
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow urself to be made a victim. Accept no1s definition of your life; define yourself.
I'm bout hungry AF
way to go get at it! ;)
who you A&R for Brah ?
listening to my favorite music ahahaha
VW. Freakin' awesome.
Protein shake and shit <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm bored...i'm gonna watch a movie on my phone.(:
It's going great .. We need to catch up on happenings and How are you?
A cover ofSilence of the Lambs' 'Goodbye Horses' for the B-Side! Ecstasy.
So sick of everyone
#IfIwasPresident there would ost definitely be Marriage equality for all.
Yeah, I think I certifiably hit exhaustion.
If you're not following pro , you should be!! She's one of the funniest and most genuine pros on tour.
Dude the video was great. I loved it! So many fruits of the spirit being shown in this! May God bless you Justin!......
We are currently scheduling auditions for The Birthday Massacre! See the website for details! www.birthday-massacre.com
thanks for letting me know that.
": Now following!" Tellem
We're sure it will pay off!
some tasty cake poker...
Sonos was just weak. no. not impressed.
Tank top and shorts on
If you have Spotify, they're on there. They also sometimes sound like they're doing a warped John Hughes soundtrack.
hola bella. I'm good and u?
I'm not trying be in ya twitcon I'm just trying fuck.... ( v.) I'm done with these hoes
Attention All Photographer send me or tag me your branded Super Moon Photo and I will blast it to my network!!! Come on let it Shine!!!
For #brewingupacure, beers are only available at the festival. Tickets are only $35. This is the best beer festival in #pgh for the money.
Dream Big and love somebody. Mich.
Manu's bald spot gets worse by the day.
Practice getting faster at getting a few shots off. Pull out camera phone & shoot a clear shot in under 5 seconds. For vid, keep steady.
In this panel, "engagement" referring to customer service engagement
Atletico Madrid 3- Athletic Bilbao 0. People are celebrating that shit under the res. It's gonna get CRAZY!
nvm lol I see you're from Texas...but if we ever make it down there definitely come hang!
#Fundraising Friday: will get this #grant application out the door and win!
something tells me tokoto wins. #cmonwally !
Who's gonna go with me, when I go play ball overseas ?
been there done that
RT : New #tweetdeck - settings/Twitter/uncheck "Enable Realtime Twitter Streaming" Will fix the speed
I try several you are right didn't find anything good let me see how is this is going to work it has 500 great reviews on amazon
Perhaps you're reading too much into idea of the "exit" interview at Yahoo.
Appropos FakeAPStylebook don't call it Black Friday but "Urban Friday" or better yet for photographers Take pic today
At IHOP. It is weirder than I remember. Nutella blintzes? And was that Brian Eno on the soundsystem?
RIP Andy Rooney
Well I can date a chick with a baby. hey
HELLO MY LOVES, I'M INVITING AL 2 COME HELP ME CELEBRATE MY B DAY, 5TH NOV. TH B SPOT 1123 PENNSYLVANIA AVE SE DC. NO COVER
How much u wanna bet that at the Billboards their gunna leave Justins performnce til the very end because they know we wont stop watchin -.-
ask for residuals! (maybe they can go toward nail clippers?)
we have a music video... we will show it to you July 30th ... for free... till then, we'll be on the road
I'm doing bad in school : /
i wanna thank all the stupid people i know for giving me a good laugh every now and then. so, HERE'S THANKS TO 75% OF MY FOLLOWERS :D
This. RT : I was this close to actually achieving something tonight. Now, I'm on the couch, being disappointed in me, again.
oh thought you were gonna go chill wit somebody o.e
OF Domonic Brown strained his left hamstring today in a Triple-A game. He is day to day. -- Todd Zolecki ()
Quit talking about working out, do it!
Had a great time in #chambana speaking on managing employees & #lawyerethics 4 fine folk @ East Central IL Estate Planning Council
Next on CNN Early Start, speaks up about Cpl. Jesse Thorsen violating military policy by speaking at Ron Paul's post Iowa Rally
Don't forget to enjoy Super Bowl with Enoteca!
It's [education] a capacity which is innate in each mans mind and he is brought to wisdom by turning him to light- Plato
Cooking food for new year eve (:
Supermoon, casting her spell.
NO NO NO NO NO NO THAT'S NOT HOW IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE
My neighbors must hate Sundays. Boom Boom Boom
We now have the ability to edit #jobs and can archive jobs. We're making #progress and
You def have the swag to pull off the Argyle pants, Chuck.
Where do I email it to you? thanks!:)
Hell, yes, micro fiction counts! You know who writes great short shorts? Shellie Zacharia.
Emirates is such a weak atmosphere. Hardly any crowd noise from other than United fans! Back to Old Trafford!!
Thank you Jerry.
“: UCF Arena Orlando! I'm on my way!”
Me & Avii be tweeting stupid stuff to see who can tweet tha fastest..
Times Are Changing so fast we are all in a big hurry to go Where?????
Umm whoops, I took like 45 minutes to deliver one note
Justin Bieber x Boyfriend >> swag bounce to dat hoe..!
most likely
We are going on record to say that this is the best team LSU has ever had..regardless of what happens the rest of the year.
Call us whatever...just call us! :-p I like to travel home next morning after work/conference When Ican
420 Yummies is going to be in Las Vegas next week for the CHAMPS Convention! If you're in Vegas be sure to look for us!!!
So excited to see Billy Crystal host Super Tuesday tonight! Can't believe The Artist isn't even on the ballot!
lol , what is it ?
yes, when we gone do ur photo shoot?
thanks for the #ff mention, cheers!
Have options, but haven't decided which to take. All in tech/social media. I really moved for the wondeful :-)
8 DAYS NO CIGARETTES! I WISH THIS SHIT WAS EASIER!
family reunion
CONGRATS DeDe!! RT Congrats to DeDe Long of , NAFSA's 2012 Advocate of the Year!
just saw that you're in Milwaukee! Welcome to one of the most fan cities!!! ...in the summertime. ;)
just carry holy water
Sadly no. But...you can add the #TaxiMagic app to any smart phone and book from your phone! Visit www.broadwaycab.com.
#ARealFriend will always be there for you. No matter what.
Dear fourth grader on facebook, How are you in a complicated relationship? What'd he do, steal your animal crackers?
! #Latism MT Latinos don't care about torture, arms sales but some phony Obama clown on TV eating tacos, wearing a sombrero.
#np here without you - 3 doors down
Who's in Miami for spring break?
Just arrived to the #Knicks vs. #heat game in #kwarter. Come join me! Go Knicks!
Break it break it down.
You called it! Does anyone serious doubt that Plummer is going to win this award?
I must say, is a perfect example of what to avoid, after what happened yesterday.
Oh, yes...RT : J&R Trick or Treat time. Best time of the year.
You need to be assistant coach of The Lakers lol
I hate it when i cant tell if a guy is flirting or being nice.
Biggest objective for the night: complete statistics homework.
A more competitive 0-3 series? The Bucks would have been up for that for sure.
sad I missed you! Was a great day for baseball
Good AM! Make some1 smile today, that includes u, too. Have a good day.
Hes such a stalker .
do yuh have a fb ? [x
#thingsisayatayankeegame: "i'm bored. When is intermission?"
I never understood how people get eaten by sharks, how do you not hear the music?!
you're so pretty!
Time for a highly anticipated one, Goodfellas
Holding down the IEP fort in Oaxaca while the rest are at #NAFSA09. Hope it's been a productive first exhibition day - IEP at booth 543!
Hes so smooth
Tell Jackie to finally admit that she likes Victor Valdovinos. And tell her she HAS to go out with him. !
Generic lady announcer. Good sign
seriously?? let's switch lol I live in Philadelphia
me and Sam used to work together when I first graduated!
Now the Dean tells me we are NOT buying the students iPads -- but after hearing about Siri says they all NEED iPhones!
been working in vegas for y'all ATL
Which Nike clinic should I attend this year?
Stefan was not the first she met! it was damon and it was Damon who made her feel better, Elena will find it out as a vampire
I can't think of anything I would rather spend an evening on than a well lacquered deck!
What Haha? :D
July 17 in Conneticut! You guys had some really cool stuff!! :D
so imma start not eatin breakfast so i can have my seat!!!! lol
help your friends listen to good music, download our single and share the love - www.TheSlidersMusic.com
doesn't love me
It appears I have a stalker... -_____-
I will keep you posted-H-The-Movement
o! love it! I love to her different choices than the typical Eloise, Madeline, etc.
This is our first Twitter post. We are setting up our site so stay tuned. We'll soon have tournament and league info up for San Antonio!
Bears LB Brian Urlacher a draw at Penn State spring game, impressed with new coach O&#39;Brien
watching Never Say Never!!!!! #WhatElseIsNew <3
RT : Nothing is more fundamental to ur baby's growth & development than reliable, healthy absorption of nutrients & energy...
Happy Birthday
Indigo has 5 loan divisions to serve you. Commercial, Residential, VA, Reverse Mortgage and Construction Loans.
AUSTIN U SHOULD AUDITION 4 AMERICAN IDOL **im.wasting.away</3**
When you address the CAUSE of a problem instead of the SYMPTOM, your life will change forever!!
Proceeds go to the Tom Karlin Foundation and Poetic Cancer. Charities chosen by the families of #TK and #ATB, Vikings we lost this year.
So say we all.
AP first reported GOP Sen. candidate Neumann's companies got $81K in federal stimulus grants, but US Treasury confirms it was $500K.
Aww I didn't think of that. That is sad. RT but... but... andy reid lolol's :(
it's cold today! Not ready for this at all! Have a great weekend everybody!
"Tell me about Crazy Town Banana Pants" haha
the reason being?
hi doll:)
Also a witch:
booked an interview with on Monday!
I have not yet mastered writing the novel with 1 hand while typing the screenplay with the other hand, and drinking coffee at the same time.
Sending mad love to the Green Mile Co.
Just got a call from my son who reminds me church service was held at a different location right down the street from me. SMH
When it comes to professional speech services, Ms. Gibson at Speaking Successfully is a pro! www.speechandvoicecenter.com
BLM is for ALL women of ALL backgrounds & business sectors. #GetFamiliar RT
who is this ugly ass white bitch?
Going #hamm this Sunday for sure
Read the headlines - the world is on fire. 160K Russians marching, chinese gov. blacking out the Internet, Syrian gov butchers hundreds
Just in time to honor our resident for assisting Iran...Must be above someone's paygrade...whats that...
If you don't have love handles then where am I supposed to hold on???
I saw #tupac at coachella, on youtube. Thanks
Girl! I did cry a little! LOL, my eyes were definitely watering! SO EXCITED! Are you planning on going to Vancouver, too?
Good night twitter.
Happy Thanksgiving friends :)
Any word on the CAC election results?
RT : This picture of Deion Sanders having his sons fill out paperwork against their mother is child abuse.
Cast as a Police Officer in Crime Scene Csri! Caint wait!
Have a great New Year's Eve, my friends! Thinking of you, wishing you well.
It must be yo ass cause it ain't yo face!
Super Big Gulp cups with pics from THE HANGOVER PART II are at 7-Eleven. Collect all 5. Put your name on them, too. Can't be too careful.
Working valet parking in the rain
I only fuck wit women doin sumthin for themselves too! I dont want no free loadin leech as pussy! U dig!
I out of everyone snorted so then all the people in the church started laughing at me..it all started because of Lina -_- we got in trouble.
S/O to my nigga
love that show.
Starting 2 pull a Mar '11 trip 2gether Aarhus Helsinki Estonia The Hague Zurich YAHOO! Europe is such a blast gonna do music & record prod
MSNBC will have some competition on the left as Keith Olbermann and a raft of contributors join Current TV
& F.A.M.E. DJ Grimm on our way To LA for the ESPN espy awards after party!!
That doesn't make me a white person. That's implying that only white people have those qualities.
Chi>Colorado RT It's hard to admit... But I miss Chicago. As good as Colorado is, I miss north park
It doesn't get much better in high school. My seniors have developed some interesting "systems."
It is amazing how much you can accomplish when it doesn't matter who gets the credit. The path to greatness is along with others.
Stop by for some great tacos for lunch or dinner! 3 tacos for $5 all day/night Texas Hold em 7 and 10 pm....
yes! Let's hang!
When you choose to walk in the dimension of #love, the future looks a lot brighter.
bro get over her, yea she's hott, not good for biz
ok if it is a #KO, in the 6th. Mayweather winning!
Oh good, the ProBowl is on.
nice usage of the word "whom" in that last post! Go A's!
Um by coming in at the last min?
All that sleep I got last night and I'm still struggling to wake up
Can barely hear the tornado sirens in Shorewood...if this were real, we'd be goners
"Ice Scream" I guess that is the headache you get when you eat ice cream too fast.
**TRAVEL WARNING FOR INDONESIA & INDIAN OCEAN** Travelers are advised to take head after an 8.9 Earthquake has been recorded.
That's crazy.
same here. there's just something about cigarettes in movies; i think they help characterization in a lot of films.
whatever will the concern trolls do now?
Stimulating your dog’s mind by challenging him to try new things is one of the keys to happiness
Just wait, They get worse RT Stupid "Emily, Eeeeemileeeee!!" bad song writer just walked in
Maybe we should just try out new ones: online reading is like meatloaf. Eh?
I'm down! Let's score some great seats for the event. We'll have a blast.
HI BAILEY. omg big fans^.^ follow me?^.^
what about Miami!?
perhaps =] A few of those names are hard to say no to!
Brown overhead calling voter 'bigoted'
broccoli and cheese soup tonight for #mondayfunday bc of suggestion from last week!!!
I've learned to type with the side of my fat thumbs. If I can do it, anyone can. Haha!!
I didn't see it sorry :( did he rt it or did he fev it?
Though not possible, I want both teams to lose. All about the
Tried finding my maternal grandfather based on an address I had for him as of 1938, but he had apparently moved by 1940.
people with time have no money and people with money have no time..
lolololol we were talking about things in 6th hour today and I had a Min story idea. OHOHOHOHO -dirty laugh-
dude until Snooki can prove that she can be the greatest helmsman ever... She outranks ... Nothing.
lol true. but I was in the pool.
CHECK OUT THE HEAT ON
thanks so much for the follow!!! Please help spread the word for me about my biz! We deal in mattresses and all sorts of furniture!!
hahahaha hell yeah! i know u got me!:) miss u swag king!
That sounds amazing. Sorry to hijack, but I love rhubarb!
Folks joking about man who stripped at airport, be warned: Passengers can face civil penalty for interfering with screening up to $11,000
Can't believe i'm 30 days out from
yo I just listened to all da T2 back to back. All I can say is yikes!!!!!!!
I guess I am new to this...no background or snazzy stuff on my page..anyone willing to show me how to make my page a better one?
happy Valentines day!
oh boy, get ready. Guaranteed you'll hate it.
no, Video warehouse off Kam.
I'm glad there are #BOYLIEBERS in the world!
Monday I had to wear a winter coat and fur hat, today shorts and a tshirt? Atlanta weather is fully bipolar..
Megan has got to start going to bed earlier.
Too all the Miami Mahomies. Your lucky as hell.
This made me want to weep. Your words painted the most beautiful picture. I LOVE reading what you write, Lis. God is glorified.
"It's a gorgeous day in Northampton," Fox tweets from a park bench next to a homeless man's boombox as it blares maniacal blast beats
& i dont want the world to see me, cause i dont think that they'd understand
i just followed the FONZ!
I guess loves a funny thing, the way it fades away without a warning. It doesnt ask to be excused, & whens it's gone.. Oh it's gone.
Role of Religion in Govt ???
Small-world file: Funny you, as ED of Advisory Comm on Public Diplomacy, should link to my website. I'm a former USIA FSO.
Thrilled with the response to the WRP teaser thus far. Credit goes to our great cast, crew and
Another perfect start to a morning- playing NYSNC "Pop" on -SCORE!
Fiber (such as flax or chia seeds, #psyllium husks,rice bran) to your diet for regular elimination that will carry toxins out of the system.
Kirk Biglione: The platypus is the animal that most closely resembles the publishers digital workflow.
If this Little Ceaser's commercial comes up ONE more time on Pandora ...
Fourth of July preview.
Overwhelmed by hootsuite. back to tweetdeck.
So now the question really is, will it be Margarita Friday or #tanqueray and tonic?
Who are Enter the Haggis and why are they all over my Pandora all of a sudden?
I hope you regret it . You honestly deserve to.
Might go to sleep! Goodnight everyone :) <3
Um i already have some filled out do you want to be like umm carleys daughter or like something else ?? :)
This is a gem
oh oh ok thank u for correcting me
I had so much fun at Hayward Field on Sunday. I've been missing out for far too long.
Nicki is so different, nobody else thought of dat, but nicki, my bitch
#Remix Franz Novotny- Big Bang (Original + Digital LAB Remix)
Where is everybody
Happy Thursday everyone! hope all of you are doing well <3
has finally gotten caught up on everything.
I'm such a hot mess with you..
Wish I could be like a fly on the wall and watch/learn some magic.
the mock mission sucked
Tomorrow its official e.v.a. pro.records signs 3 new artist! Who are they?.......... Find out tomorrow.
If your paper ain't $tack'n you $lack'n! Grind to the gristle !!!
My beard may be too long…
Bernie Mac show was funny
hey sorry for blocking you! *I Love Aaron*
Two days til I'm the big 2-1. Oh, what to do, what to do?!
what happens when your man tells you not to touch him ????
Ha. I myself may have been guilty of sending emails w/ symbol-laden subj in my time at blue D. Maybe not symbols but close :)
you need to follow
jones, author of Silver Sparrow, here tonight at 6:30pm!
LMBO!!! #2funny but hey my toe like that lol and they r look better than most
Hmm, interesting. A lot of people hinting at voice capability and voice control. Do you think we'll make advances in that area?
lol.. I'm sure you know.. thanks for the advice. How is your trip so far?
You're welcomee.c: So do you know ?
I hate attention whores whose looks are worth Shit! Sweetheart ain't nobody thinking bout you.
you can call me anything you want, including Mona and/or Jonathan but excluding Sam.
you know y
Early morning with the team on our way to Lancaster Cty to visit some producers!
so manny twists on the shows! Did you see the twist that her dad was bad?
Sunny day in cazadero
eleven : eleven !
Thanks for the S/O!
A6 Don't know if there would be room to negotiate, unless there was a pressing family or medical issue.
Application acknowledgments have been sent for #THATCamp Austin. If you didn't get one, we didn't get your application. Check your email!
#ItDoesntLookGoodWhen you have no confidence
I don't think Andrew is on this little list - don't know his handle, but...
Who has the #mufc score from this weekend? Out of town
you will get that person
wheres my shout out bitch! :P haha
oh yeah I forgot! And maybe you will! ;) haha
The boy tht just followed me on Instagram >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted
I call the top one: Gone with the Wind! : )
had one for tv news/radio for about 15 years (still do) but none for acting.
I think doing a fashion show at an exotic location around the world is
I may not be the best, but I'll be my best for you.
U.S. Gov't. owes me nothing but, they also need to stop putting up stop signs as I don't owe them the courtesy of stopping....
Syracuse Symphony will be at the FFL this Sunday at 2PM! You don't want to miss it!
How dare the judges hate on when her performance (Queen's song) made me cry almost. You're GREAT. Don't think less.
I'll totally hang out with you.
Wow! I know, I sometimes forget that my AZ family may be fans. Good to hear that you really don't care. :))
How are you celebrating your mom today?! RT
always like when i can hear the bells from campus at nighttime. cup of tea post monday date night. ready for the week to begin.
thought the Despicable Me minions were annoying until I saw the movie. SO adorable!
I'm in my whiny mood. I'm forever alone. ahahaha. ahem. true story.
- the badge for #EABF will not be available until the Fest tomorrow!
Cosign “: I am convinced that no one looks good after a flight."
Towel city time :)
rethink what you just said there...yeah, you shouldn't have to tell me. so, why did you?
lol they got u
FUCK You too
Oracle is a company that is very high on my list for historical success. Never Apple. That is for the consumer. Apple is Unix under hood.
ya omg
Tennessee and Alabama!! Best WCWS match up.. EVER!! :D
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 83
In 1st hour, dealing with Tyree's relationship problems with
On set in lake arrowhead and there's a mother bear and her cubs with in a 100 yards of us. Scary but exciting!
no bit I'm havin a drink for her!!!! Lol
When you are ready for your miracle, just ask sincerely. Say, "Lord I am ready for __" it will be granted if it is aligned with His plan.
I forget where I got that from. drunk tweeting.
LAST DAY: Your Beauty System () anti-aging skin care systems (essentials $49 or Ultimate $70)
I'm trying.
yes I would
I wonder what the guy I'm going to marry is doing right now? I love you E.S
yeah :( idk y I didn't play. :/ maybe you can be shipped over here for a game :D
Buffalo Bites at Black Bear always a good choice.
On our way to the FAAN walk in San Diego!
I assume you mean RED Sox. And you're the second person to ask me that, so I guess we'd better get that app going right away!
Sigh... I'm now researching grad programs in ed leadership in OHIO. Thoughts?
I'm not sure yet! As soon as I can though I'll be over there to buy the rest of my books, :)
2 more hours then I'm off for 3 days. Then I take care of my favorite little man Pedro for the weekend. I just love puppy dogs
I can tell that you been practicin
I thought the pick was going all the way.
Empty nesting box
thank goodness for that! nd i will too, in spirit.
hey !!!! can you folloe me please ? i love you're flim the karate kit it's fantastick you are very sexy i love you rap ;)
I can't wait till summer im ready for Santa Monica. No one will ever understand how much I love that place.<U+E328>
The fact that my "bestfriend"said that, totally broke my heart
I wanted a to go plate lol
Anakin v ObiWan fighting in lava = Best #StarWars scene.
“: Blow to Baltimore: Ravens LB Terrell Suggs tore his Achilles playing basketball.” haha sucks to suck Suggs
hi. i think it'll be a westwood v. wilson final. wilson's looking in a zone.
Ratchet video to funny he hoy purple on
The #Aztecs start their MWC tourney today at noon. The game will be shown on The MTN and Channel 4SD.
Thank you!
If you HAD to pick an area besides "digital marketing" or "all" to align social media to - what would it be?
Ah comes back June 6th! Can't wait!!! :D
Rain? It doesn't stop our Sunday Funday! Come join us today for #Knicks game. Don't forget to try our #Brunch menu and the French Toast!
I predict that sometime after 6 p.m. this liter of Diet Coke will turn into a bottle of vodka.
There is no point!!!!
I get the feeling Physics is going to kick my ass this year
Any high school seniors in La, MS, AL, TX or Fla. with no scholarship offer come reply to this. College showcase at BRCC March 24th! $20.00
"I have something to say: 'Its better to burn out than to fade away!!'"
Prayers out to riverside tonight really hits close to home
Girl you stank (you know you do) : Girl you stank (take a bath)
Tues - real good promotions meeting...Huge to be on the streets doing things again.
RT : The Printing Industry Center 2010 Research Symposium and Planning Meeting is now underway
You know how some people are impulsive spenders? I'm an impulsive job applicant. Cheap, but just as disappointing.
0NLY REAS0N iM UP THiS LATE iS BECAUSE JALiA W0KE ME UP CRYiNG, MY BABY iS A LiTTLE UNDER THE WEATHER :/
definitely not watch I don't watch the housewife shows either - not my idea of housewives
My pops just said "Give me moment fucking please" but it sounded so funny cause used that's Cuban English! Lol.
Spoke too soon?
Spending less on home improvements while achieving greater quality is EXACTLY how to add value to your home. I can show u how, its EZ !
For my birthday this year(aug) imma b at ur concert. Theres no better way to spend my bday :)
Gotta change the mindset, every day not making $ is a wasted day.
awww, can what tmrw no school!
please… nobody answer me
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
It's my home state New Mexico's 100th birthday today! If you ever get the chance, visit the state. No passport needed!
TGIF! Make this day count! Make someone smile today! Make TODAY your #PMAmasterpiece!!
I am a crabby patty today-mentally not genitally
aw thaks so where yhu from x
Can't deal with the arrogance and ignorance of people on facebook Then there's people I just don't like seeing..even online. bye for good fb
You're trophy
Running out of O2 on a sat sucks. Guess its life saying u need a break. Anyone need some heady pieces?
TIA'S DAILY SPECIAL- $ 12.95 WEDNESDAY: FRIED COCONUT SHRIMP with french fries come in!!
Spaghetti and Scarface, plus my second coffee. This oughtta get me movin.
Team pictures tomorrow...website will be update soon
A4. Absolutely. Solution is positive, generates change, interest. Problem and prob avoidance will always emote negativity
Tornado warning. Stay safe!
Avengers round 2!
Selena was on my twitter :)
Just watched the USA/Kazakhstan highlights, WTF was Petry doing on Kazakhstan's game tying goal late 3rd period?! Awful decision...
i hate when you act different around your friends when your with me
Congrats on reaching the end :)
hahahah what are they doing?
ohh no sir!! Ima need the nugs to stop playing with the lakers!!
What do you like better... Florianópolis or Rio?
Attempting to sleep without the splint tonight
Want to REALLY know what to do in Chicago?? #FF ,
hi im the guest tweeter for today. You got this!! I'm rooting for you both. Have a Fun run today
Venice beach is californias dustpan. Mental disorders spread like chicken pox. Dude in sweatpants coughs and u catch bipolar
Missing someone is a part of loving them. If you're never apart, you'll never really know how strong your love is.
St. X shortstop Nate Stemle made diving stop and flip behind 2nd base to end 1st inning and prevent even bigger for Trinity.
If I was an ass man, I'd frequent professional ballet performances.
I think that would look nice in my living room
So are you following people back?
Finally finished Black Belt testing!!(: it was very tiring!:/
Otto Porter can ball.
I wish more people would start using Google+. I feel like whenever I use FB it's just to say how much I hate it now.
Every time I cross the river to edit I wish I was on route to belle isle.
Walking into publix in cheer clothes and my hair falling out of a bun.
Just try to feel the person out - are they friendly & open to ideas? Even if they don't use them make sure they are open.
Thanks to the Madison Chapter of the Association of Women in Communications for inviting me to present on Sun Prairie's Project 365 blog!
We love HH! RT : Still at the tk had my wings now having some jager shots for happy hour prices (@ The Tilted Kilt -Downtown)
phew! I was getting worried! (re: )
2 complete validated journal runs better than 12 partial runs but places more burdens on participants
I'm going to get sunburned today, aren't I.
Not really. They are just dumping the last 3 eps on the schedule tonight.
ENABLER RT those are really good though
I Am not what u want me too be I am more than u thought I am more than what u r I am ...
Too hard to study when it's this nice out. Couldn't imagine going somewhere down south where it's like this all the time
Houstons, smoked salmon, bf & happy hour...immean does it get any better!
your not following me
"He has all the skills to be a Pro Bowl receiver, not a punt returner -- we all know what he can do there -- but a Pro Bowl receiver. "
We're number 23 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for San Francisco, CA. www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret. Thanks for your support!
best show ever!
Really! Never thought of using a pressure cooker. Now I just have to buy a pressure cooker! :)
George or Clay?
Who LOVES the MOMS Sale and can't WAIT for Saturday?? I want to feel some FB Love!!
Pretty sure they need to do away with that "underaged tattoo" bs. Lol, errybody tatted, bro!
gonna go shave my legs. haha brb guys.
": I need to step my sh*t up. #Realshit">>Me 2.... No Better time than Now
"Signs out of Time examines the life and work of world-renowned archaeologist Dr. Marija Gimbutas. Drawing from her extensive knowledge...
HAPPY ST. PATRICKS DAY! :D
Why u mad doe? Lol RT : I'm bout to get on GOW3 #FuckNiggasPlayGame lol
me too
Young nigga gone get it
But I think she wanna move to the lou
Yeah Hml At 11 Or Some.!
Mike Jaeger grab the bull by the horns buck
You won't be happy going back and forth between a $100 netbook and a macbook. Don't do it!
That impressionist was awesome!
We are ALWAYS open to fan questions so please feel free to send them. :)
Support your schools: RT : Yay! My first volunteer has arrived! #RossES buy a book for our library! #DupontCircle Farmers Market!
Just shoot me. That might be a little less painless. Hahaha.
it takes time lol
Ur mind is like sending u a message : britt get away from these stupid people!
what do u love doing most when u are bored?
are you an x box? 'Cause I just turned you on
wrapping up for the day. will work from home. glad to be able to see my dog, ozzy
Good morning! Was it a good weekend?
was just in palm desert last weekend. Weather is incredible....rainy in LA and 85 and sunny there!
Game 7 OT in the #stanleycup playoffs, more exciting than a Superbowl!
you can tell hunh??
GOOD NEWS! Christopher dumped his girlfriend.
Congratulations to you all! Much deserved :)
That is hysterical. Parents these days...
damn...that's no bueno
Wishing everyone a healthy happy new year...being in the moment, thankful for what we have and who we are--keeping the focus there!
Hi Jerry,Would you be interested in Co Producing an new action packed "Airwolf" I have another film investor coming on board!
I never am in the mindset to do homework
Hey E. Africa (.ug, .ke. .tz .rw) am in need of 20 metric tonnes of moringa oleifera seeds STAT! If know any farmers, get me some intel!
Trying to get a room at #Kalahari for #codemash. It's booked three months in advance!
What are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare line.
My background is swag
TNT lost a lot of cool points
If it wasn't for the news of the change, would you have noticed that Twitter had updated its platform?
RT : #Instagram, one billion dollars. Annie Leibovitz, broke. And that's our modern world in a nutshell.
I'm heading home from a weekend with my family, and I hate to admit that im happy about that.
RIP Maurice Sendak...I will always remember that I found friendship "Where the Wild Things Are"..
Thanks so much for the follow ! Can't wait to try one of your drinks!
Picture me swimming in diamonds.
Who is watching the VMA Awards becuz we all know there will not be any black people that are going to win shit. BET Awards is the shit.
ha! Im at SXSW in Austin. You know you used the word 'Stoked' on your blog, right?
omg yes ! He was the Lucky one ..... About EVERY NIGHT hahahaha . "I know what happened to him" :'( omg Ima loose it
This is just a dress rehearsal for 's "Candide," but the chorus sounds splendid.
I almost forgot we live in #ROC until this morning's chill reminded me that #Spring is not totally in the #Southwedge yet. gloves not done
Andrew just said he loved me <3 :')
Yes! I will be taking where ever she wants. Thanks for packing up the whole house!! I miss you..
As long as I'm a little scruffy
Fwd: Just saw a clerk bitch out an attorney
I'm no good at that game haha
Gotta pass on the good news!
Awesome! Can't wait to get my hands on the
CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU IN CONCERT WITH CODY SIMPSON AT CHICAGO ON FEBUARY 14 <3
Purple People is going to be mind blowing and life changing... I hope you are ready my brother!
- exactly. Let this young man have a chance in the league. Take tannihill or whatever them other bums that are out there. Lol
"An Unexpected Summer Of Growth For US Soccer" what? not one mention of the USWNT in the World Cup finals vs. Japan?
www.theeroticchallenge.com for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract.LADIES DONT LET THIS OPPERTUNITY PASS YOU BY
#break s ending was untouchable, Im more pumped for WZRD then ever
It’s only w/ the help of a grant from that we will be able to accomplish the 2nd annual Festival of Lights. Thank you!
Dj Mr. Roger will be live in the mixx Mar31 EMPIRE 6890 NW loop 410. #les go
Petitions to recall Wis. Gov. Scott Walker and five others contain 1.9 million signatures over 300,000 pages, weighing 3 tons
Bunt B U N T in perfect cursive. Anymore brainbusters?
Weddings can be expensive. Did you try Henrico County Parks? Just an idea. They have some great outdoor facilities.
Kyle Korver can shoot his ass off!
hoes talking about finding true love, bitch first clean up your act
Lol RT : If I Die Tomorrow I am taking as many of you with me as possible. *evil laugh*
has these people fiending for this 4evaNaday.
My parents need to be taken off this planet and be turned to dust ASAP
Well it's 11 pm and I find myself once again working on another website project with a deadline. This is going to be a great site.
#NF all because of
So spring games are all like sorta scrimmages yeah
Excited about the possibility of using FourSquare to encourage campus/community engagement in writing classes
John Daly isn't ranked in the top 200 golfers in the world. Who the hell is making this list?
Reminding everyone that we will be having a $3000 #Giveaway this Saturday night at our #StPatricksDay Event! Don't miss out ;)
Grabbed a beer an my old guitar
every day is the day for Elvis Costello
Finally got an alarm app that will wake me up to my music other than bad ring tones. Stoked.
that's okay, his was better..
thank you(:
Why fight, in the end ,, were all brothers in the same cause
Somebody tweet what Garland asked - I didn't get it.
so I just got really mad at this girl who cut in front of me on the escalator.. but I counted to 10 & felt better! :)
The Amazing Spider-Man Wallpaper with Andrew Garfield
": "...everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another." - John 13 NRSV" yes!
lol looks so similar
Woww this kid is only 12 and his hairline is worse then mine and lebrons put together. Smh!
Oh, hi :). Flashmob next Friday the 17tg. Sign up for our mailing list on our website or facebook for details. Spread the word!
I'll check it out!
the blue paint has helped me cure my fear of water...
glad to hear you're getting so much out of it! We'll definitely connect in Orlando. Have a great weekend!
sweating that nigga for no reason
It's official! Disney Cruise is sailing to Mediterranean, Bahamas and Caribbean from Miami, Alaska and Panama Canal in 2013! So excited!!
Ehh, that's not too surprising. I hear that alot from people who don't live in new york. Or have never been there before. o;
You got it! Give me about 15-20 minutes! Thanks for tuning in!!!!!
Off to slay Trogdor the Burninator!
I checked it out - wow! Very well done, I have to admit. They should be advertising on our site to meet contractors.
Pretty pissed at the coopting of ultimate frisbee to make $ in the name of legitimizing the sport. So not what it's about.
Things I think at the end of the day: I'm gonna get 2 dogs, name them "Now" and "Then" and let the commands fly. Especially "relax!"
Karma has the Heat suffering a big injury since they had practically zero chance to beat the Bulls if Rose didn't go down.
If you need an app to manage all your #Twitter accounts you really should get a life.
hahahahahaha love you lily!!! :D
You never ask what's wrong, so I never tell you.
“: Our concept of who God is is so small.”//
RT : Tomorrow night we're welcoming award-winning columnist Juan Gonzalez to talk about his new book....
What a great I hope my vacation is alot better!!!!!!!
Dozing off
i dont have time for bullshit
: US debt to GDP 100% Portugal 106% Difference? #IMF can help Portugal THE US IS TOO BIG TO BAIL! //Now ppl use B instead of the F!
Can't wait to see you!!!!
stop working and come to Chicago
Thanks for following! I followed back. I won't hate you! I'm beautiful too! xoxoxo
Hello everyone! We're going to share all the exciting news about our upcoming products and website launch right here on Twitter! Duke R.
actually got a Great Night's Rest last night. Up and ready to go!!!!
Anybody posting the whole #ObamaUNC speech video? ? ? ?
ugh FUCK YOU spring break homework!
Now are 2 stunning bag collections as well as an outwear line to keep you cozy & stylish til summer!
Thrilled to learn BSPs The Samaritan by is a finalist for the Bill Fisher Award for Best First Book -Fiction
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up. - Paul Valery
South End, actually. Warren St.
thank Danno! Miss you so much!
If someone hates you for seemingly no reason, give them a reason.
I'm so excited for it! Have you read her book?
I offered to catch because I always lost my hat.
If u want to read the mayor's essay just google bill johnson + trayvon martin. Its the 1st thing to come up.
fo real doe! next time paul or chris act up, im gonna be that guy. "WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE FOO"
I JUST WANT TO KISS A GIRL!!!!!!!! KEITH URBAN
yeah.. still suspicious of anywhere Texas. Hawaii is just too far from everything. I've considered Cali eventually myself though..
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Excuse You Mister
Not the best night to be a fan of Cuse basketball, RIT hockey and the Knicks
20 months or less :)
okay, good :) and that's good!! What show?
Justin Bieber On The Meitherweather Fight!!!! :D AH
GOP mayors help the community by buying tacos. Dem mayors run into burning buildings. Just saying.
Happy Birthday ! Miss you! xoxo
sorry but she's an idiot and her husband is a complete douche!!!
Thanks for the promo! Appreciate all of your support.
Beginning to think Tim Thomas should settle for the Boston cab driver.
Great seeing ya'll at the show tonight!
Checking out Richard Beirarch - Eon. 1975
morning chic - tried to call u this wk but vm was full :) HAPPY FRIDAY - can't wait to hear how ur doing!
lol I love this show but I was always partial to Dean but I totally love Sam now
fux with me on Friday then
If you have to get a ride to the movies then your to young to date lol
aww thank you!
Do wat i tolded u to do
Loving this article, would love to see it become a broader series. Always interested to know what brands are doing with bloggers.
Actually I'm a minor too. I'm 14. So you are a sex offender.
An author success system is a master plan, like a road map
So, people, can we finally now agree that we should rely only on Robe Lowe for all breaking news?
Did I also fail to mention we are now serving Yuzu which is a crisp and fresh Japanese citron liquor!
Good Afternoon People! Great day to make dreams come true! Live Life All In!!!
im posta b bringin mi cousin again but idk yet
Hawaii is callin my name
Why did my mom thought the movie "like mike" was called "we like mike" lol
if you don't...
This nigga rite here! ;)
i had such a HUGE TORMENDOUS Crush on him nd Still do ;) :)ILYShawty<3
Get back to playing team ball. Lionel Hollins needs to get on Rudy Gay's case. The Grizzlies need to play as a team, PERIOD!!!!!
Brauny with the turkey!
Vision without execution is hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
happy hour with free food and drinks to celebrate Sage & JDG's 1 yr anniversary? YES please. I'm pretending it's to celebrate my employment.
If you are looking for a delicious candy flower arrangement for valentine's day--give me a call!!
I just came out of a daze and had no idea where I was. Apparently I'm on the DART...
Must be exhausting to be you
“Nobody who says, ‘I told you so’ has ever been, or will ever be, a hero.” Ursula K. LeGuin
Do u mind giving me a follow? Got a quick question I wud like to DM ya! Thanx!
at the bar for the Detroit Drunken Historical Society meeting. When I get back I'll send stuff along
--I appreciated the urgency and intensity of your address at Fisk's commencement today. Continue in your service.
Everybody Turn to Sports Center To see receive his 2011-2012 MVP award
Wish the media would stop hating on A-Rod.
Dinner recipe said "1/4 cup flour, spooned and leveled." For a roux. I'm more like, "one handful..." Baking is one thing, but roux? Come on.
still looking for a new twitter name... any ideas?
Sometimes i wonder about her... She real?
RT : Just in case you didn't know, that green light means go, not wait there 10 more seconds. // Amen Sista!
Proceeds from fireworks sales benefit youth sports. Carmichael Beavers Swim Team...
The view of the city from Tompkins is breathtakingly beautiful and ironic.
Yes, thats what u need..the sulfide. We all have yeast on us but urs is overproducing (inbalanced)
"Let's see if Lucroy tries to bunt here." God I hope not.
it will always be my favorite song. always.
verily verily verily verily life is but a dream.
“: Im actually done doing #'s, but I can do yours”. Kk
Your teacher sounds inspiring!
Did you go anywhere for the holiday? Share your vacation with us . . . .
www.battleofthebands.com/morelikethemovies Go vote for us to play Warped Tour now!
How does your workplace deal with paper? We have all kinds of paper floating around the office - mockups, insurance docs, etc
yes! the objective of immersion underlies the convergence of the story/PM-driven ARG with the ruleset-driven structure of others.
They have all said something I just wish it could be true
awesome game yesterday!
Glad we'll have some basketball this year !
Hearing his voice :)
If you call my work, I'm the voice of our voicemail system! :D
Maybe shouldn't be called "top" commenters, but rather "biggest wind bags".
I get pie tonight! Prepaid pie, no less! (Bought a voucher for the Little Pie Co. way back in the day, and it's about to expire.)
Slowly starting to get that jungle fever. There's some cute ass black guy on the bus & I realized I know him but I'm shy to say wassup..
This mane on keys. Lol
Who could use a vacation? Text EASTTOWN to 35350 now for a chance to win a #FREE AirTran ticket & get updates from !
End bad hair days for 3 years with a custom full lace wig from Dr. Wiggy! Call for a free consultation at 855-DRWIGGY www.drwiggys.com
I'm seeing even more vendors jumping on the "#marketingautomation" bandwagon when they are no where near a category fit. Customers beware!
Saying "free" someone when they're in jail doesn't shorten their sentence.
is in the lab, doing her thing :) #DoWork So excited have her back.
#Ravens 7th best DB just became starter for #Panthers. Haruki has 0 career INTs in 56 games. Just another guy
Hate is misguided love
Hey evany, how can I get to sing a song with me some time? Note: I don't really know her. We have friends in common though.
Beatnik Brother Bongo! You were sorely missed.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not always annoyed by things, but when people don't shut up on a consistent basis, I am
Should have been a red card and PK.
you are welcome!
I had a great time at #Porgy&Bess ! Audra Mcdonald and Norm Lewis were incredible!
If I have no makeup, sweats, and my hair up in front of you and don't care, you know im comfortable with you <3
what happened?
Happy Birthday Bruce Lee!
im proud of some of the females i went ta skoo wit. sum of u others r a dissapointment and shame lol
Tbh. I voted or him to go to NY because that's closer to where I live ...
Watching uconn with chris murphy and Joe Courtney. Still rather be in CT tonight...
Knox or Ford?
That's so mean. Why do you hate me?
so, web development tweeps, what is your least favorite part of web development?
black leather, crocodile embossed. and red carpet (not that you asked).
This shaping up to be the longest week ever!
Nice going to a ball game and not having to worry about taking the boat back over.
thanks for the #FF mention
Just had some of my new friend, Adimier's homegrown shitake mushrooms.
your new avatar makes you look like a rapper in the Eastern Block
NBC Sports Net
Loved playing last night with Mauro Picotto at Vanguard! Tonight i'll be at Crimson in Hollywood with Italoboyz. Can't wait! <3
Through You LIVE in Jacksonville Beach Tonight! Follow throughyouworld and come check out the show!
"Jeezy like to drank! Jeezy like to smoke! Jeezy like to mix arm & hammer wit his coke!"
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> you want to be married already? My boyfriend has asked me 3 times already... I'm not ready. If I could trade you, I would!
RT : Having more birthday cupcake...lol (@ indulj) <---Kim keeps getting finer with time - we love u Kim!!
Nine first half steals. Season high is 13 set 12/27 vs MIN.
It's fun watching my mom and Tia and Tio work together in a office <U+2764>
2 cups of coffee + 2 donuts = daily calorie allotment before 9:30 am.
Church was awesome!!! Never substitute spiritual growth for your own self desires
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYKENNY (: tell your brother Desiree said happy birthday (: <3
I'm sick of seeing these "follow and gain a 100 followers" just stop it never happens.
#acrl101 Thanks for providing breakfast! Much needed and appreciated
I totally agree!
Abuelita has put me to work knitting camouflage berets. She's a trendy G-ma. It makes me miss !
hahahaha omg can you tell bob im sorry?
Just at Frontrow legal's sports, media breakfast seminar organised by my Lawyer.
Are you excited to get your braces off Austin?!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Sometimes I think I should've stuck with watercolor: It's sloppy, it's messy, it's almost never perfect.
If you're impersonating Lady Gaga on Twitter, please, sit down.
Not Dead Yet!
One more day of work and off to the northwoods with the fam!
my friend and I passed through macy looking for ur pad but we couldnt find it lol
do us a big favor and drop dead
my amazing interview! It'll be a major hit!
I really don't depend on people like that cause I always get hoed.
at least I have rhythm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
omg loving my kindle more and more every second
It has been a busy, busy time at work. So busy, in fact, that I haven't been on Twitter or Facebook much.
Oxymoron of the day..Louisville fan calling a UK fan an idiot.
Happy Valentine's Day, love :*
react like an infant whenever you are mentioned
The cards don't really deserve to win the game at this point. But it's sure fun to watch then keep fighting anyway
"I desire to do your will, my God; your law is within my heart." (Psalm 40:8)
I got hell of em bro and bet dat
the YA is sorta like Fame-meets-Gossip Girl. There are some typos that bothered me, but they were some of the first books
Happy Birthday, jasmine.
I want the new
we'd get in a lot more accidents and intersections would work a lot less efficiently and some people would never get through
RT Bulls win!!!
She's channeling a little Bill Frisell
Why won't my System.Collections.Specialized.OrderedDictionary downcast to IDictionary<string,string>?
So, how bad is UCONN gonna be next year? Especially considering they had 2 lottery picks & 1st rounder last year.
most swimmers don't have jobs..but when they do, it's related to the swimming world.
I think I need a Ginobli Jersey.
what inspired you to write 'sing'? ...killjoys forever...
RT In today's mail, health insurance cards. What a concept. [What timing. Get well soon, I need my nemesis]
Damn regionals is the day of graduation Fuck
We specialize in wines, but we also sell all the necessities to make all the perfect cocktails! Stop by to check it out!
RocLyfe Ent. will be releasing Poitier's video "99 percent" this week from his video mixtape 2nd Coming....stay tuned
Thanks for the RT and Happy Friday!
Looking at a picture of a guy on the internet and thinking his penis veins are probably knotted like friendship bracelets.
That moment when you make eye contact with a dog then he slyly smiles and nods to let you know hes secretly a tiny man in a dog costume!
bring that umbrella. Do home showings go better on a rainy day?
I think he would be a pass catching upgrade over O'Connell or Maneri. Moeaki is your 1. Boss is your 2. You need a solid 3.
u stupid lol
Don't miss our show this Thursday! 8pm - 1am
do they have a penny in them
Im starting to get piss at twitter.
"Easter" is not a word. The correct way to say it is "more east"
I'd be honored if you did
The boys of ticked the stage tonight at their performance. Great job <3
Check us out. We are distributing drug detection tools to families who want to monitor their homes. FB coalition for a drug free home.
at work. not working. dont tell my boss. if you see him :o)
You rule, you know it
LSU&#39;s success at DT speaks for itself
Zig Ziglar at #ewomen2010 encouragement is the fuel on which hope runs. He is awesome!
We hope this finds you in good spirits!!!!
I love your comedy and your wit. Not too bad with the ladder too! I enjoy coming out to ROE over and over again.
Little beats having breakfast for dinner.
#RejectedPickupLines Do you have a boyfriend? [No] Want one? [Yes] Well,when you want a MANfriend, come and talk to me.
Welcome back! Really hoping to see you play this season! #EndTheLockout #Please!
Summer Reading beings today!! Visit your neighborhood branch to sign the kids up!
It's too cold for some, certain people, to get out of bed and join me for
Had a long practice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Hmm, wonder if #Romney might run as a 3rd party candidate.
I wanna be there
OMG, I'm going on live stream for your updates. I may even watch.
you know it kid! #Freedom #Party #Reclaims the
When I'm feeling lonely and all I need is you, I look up at the sky and know, that somewhere out there, you're under it too. <3
Can't wait for tomorrow <U+2665>
Indeed. You rang? RT : “: Well kept Ques exist?” | Yes. cc:
#DearNewCoach: Can we defer sometime? Thanks!
King Taco, Grad Night, Junior Unity, Ears Pierced, Graduation, Sisters Baptism, Party then 2weeks later Minnesota!
Official Social Media announcement: I will be spending the summer in Seattle, interning for !
go on tinychat with me & syd
Derek Jeter is player of game cuz he has more juice then Picasso has paint.
Awww! Thanks for thinking of me!
Malachi 3:6a - For I am the LORD, I change not ~ I need my LORD that never changes.
Sculpture and lights
fa real, u she is the truth.
Lots of free genealogy information about Upstate New York at www.unyg.com (blog too.)
Playing ESG in a Brooklyn bar with Erin D. This night is going to get wild.
Thanks! I'd forgotten to bookmark it and the only thing I remembered was the Denver Post assoc. but the LOC makes more sense.
Is all good
S/O TEAM1579 ...
Happy to get in 40 miles this week. Back on track. (no pun intended)
traveling somewhere, mini vacation
I agree to this because our tendency is always to look down when using our phone :-)
:: Sound Off is next on Live with The question: Will endorsements make a difference in the Democratic primary recall election?
me either
: sending some sugar back to u ;)
Thanx for the follow. I love your confidence. I expect to be the next J K Rowling.
RT : Who're you most excited to see? We can't wait for Charlize Theron, Angelina Jolie, Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, Kate...
RT Hey China dolls, go follow and
WHY You Change Yoo Name Beautiful ..
I think I'm the good luck charm. What do you think?
Awesome Crocodile Photos Taking pictures of crocodiles in the wild is
wether you liked the original or not, there's no freakin reason they should have remade Total Recall.
: such a fail. also they failed to mention AJ McLean's alter ego Johnny No-Name. Though props for the 2gether part
whats jordan jansen's numeber i got so confused when he tweeted it
I wasn't using Drop Box originally. The Mac I installed DayOne on, it go installed before drop box.
Last day of early-bird ticket sales! Last day of early-bird ticket sales! And, uh, I'm almost sold out. If you want a ticket, get one.
cause we need to check with that we aren't crazy. you're right though, we wonder the same thing but do it anyway.
Thanks for a wonderful conference. My brain is still spinning. In a good way!
and Dylan
You too :) Say hi to Fozzie for me!
#JustSaying THANK YOU to all customers, clients, fans and supporters! Appreciate your #tea love & commitment to
aha yea:)
its time feed the lil noodlew her chicken noodle
Also a hazard of working from the circus.
D Wade is good, great sometimes. But would you rather have him or Westbrook? Durant has better end of that one...DW disappears.
<U+200B>The sky is nice and blue but the landscape is quite bare and brown. Nothing else around really
on tumblr and tired!
The World's Most Underrated Beverages: Ginger Ale, Cream Soda, Root Beer, Cherokee Red, Fago Red Pop (the strawberry flavor)
:( the last giant gold fish from the fair has past on
Goin to bed finally Wen mad my bestie always cheers me up!
One just climbed onto the dumpster.
RT : THUNDER/KNICKS FINALS!!! Unlikely but That would be interesting
The casino jumping.
You're awesome! Go you! The cake is a lie! etc.
alright then we can be gfs on twitter lol
having contractions but no labor! Hopefully sometime this week! Due date is next sat so hopefully before then:)
Trying to remember what punk song some line is from, realizing it's lyrics from a Drake song.
Great discussion with GCC tonight: reflecting my not-so-sweet memory of the education system in China.
lmao I forgot about that!!! You guys did rock that shit pretty hard lol
I may not be there yet, but I'm closer than I was yesterday.
#nwill2011 James Grimmelman "laboratorium"? blog- critical of standards used in Hathitrust for orphan works
The parking lot at Miller Park, far as I know.
First day of class is going well so far. The Danes have the strangest sense of humor though.
Happy Labor Day from the A.Y.S. Family!!!!
No matter what stress the work day brings...leave it at the door when u get home. Your family deserves the best u..not leftovers <3
Get dinner before the shows on Friday and Saturday nights! Their food truck will be across from the
but of course! What did you think?
understandable! I usually try to get some friends together to ignore it in solidarity!
Hey Malik, Imma need one of those fly rosaries
yeah did too
RT : Q5: In addition to professioanl development, is it beneficial to have a Master’s degree? Why?
Hate when im sitting at lunch and a group of people decide to turn around to look at me..kinda obvious ur talkin about me..lol
make another account!
free fallin is good but I'd go with a diff petty song "into the great wide open" or dream on by Aerosmith. Classic ender song.
Sittin' toasted by the fire.. enjoying one of the last summer nights
I'll need an autograph at that time
Just seen the Boo Thang...
Until I try... I'll never know
And plus, you couldn't have thought the Thunder would continue to be blistering hot from long 2s all series.
YOU LOOKING FOR GREAT MUSIC? WELL THEN YOU MUST FOLLOW THE BEST BAND --->> <<---
New Alternatives Insurance App coming soon for all smart phones
Just me - well, and three humans, a dog, and a cat. But I am the only bird here, unless you count all of my outside friends.
Off to bed! Can't wait till I'm laying on the beach in 7 days
hahaha I hate myself a little bit, but I can't help it. I blame this week's SNL.
yayyyy! Good job see you tuesday babe!
If you only try to please everyone else, you will not have time to please the one who matters...YOURSELF!
Yeah like u said Austin Mahone used to live in Omaha. I DM'd him about it. He said there was 0 truth to it. Just leave us alone .
HAPPY BIRTHDAY OPPA^o^ I LOVE YOU!<U+2665>
Dammit, I thought today would be the first day that my twitter wasn't overloaded with dick.
VA launches Open Government Web site with IT dashboard: The VA today introduced its new #opengov Web site (via )
do you have any tickets available for the New York Red Bulls game? If so I would love to buy them from you!! Thanks
Tweeting from inside the #WhiteHouse. Waiting for President Obama and the LA Galaxy!
Well played!
hope the session went well!
When I sit in spinning chairs I can't just stay still!
People aren't in the definition of archivist. Only stuff (see SAA def)
they played it at an assembly but i wasnt there, good thing
It's so good. I just finished Issue #9 earlier today. Really captivating stuff.
follow my other account ???!!! :)) i will follow back if you ask me to <33
to #speak abt #poker #technology #business & his new #gaming company this spring. DM us about your next #conference #event RT
Some friends of friends recently opened and I've heard good things!
818-626-1715 Dennis. He will give u cash for a phone conversation. He said something about shows or music.
I wanted you so bad, I'm so through with that.
I'll be driving up, so I'll meet you guys there.
Hey Nikki! I hope you have a great weekend! I am downloading new maps for MW3! Hope you take some zombies out! Take care!
How did you get the colors?
“: #kitchenpetpeeves Cooks making belts out of plastic wrap - are you Jethro Clampett?” Sunday I was! Lol
Peeps ask me if my 6-year old niece is my daughter. She's a lot like me! You do NOT look old enough for 12-yr old - no worries! :)
I Hate Losing More Than I Llike Winning
HAPPY THANKSGIVING
It's only wednesday.... Ugh
According to ESPN Top100 NBA Draft prospects, Jordan Taylor & Robbie Hummel won't be picked. Hard for me to believe they aren't NBA material
Changed tv plan to lower my payment. But Now I have a channel that plays my fav show of all time daily 5-7. This is bad for productivity!
Sounds great! Thanks. What time?
no worries, what are you up to now?
I wish I could show you
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
So exhausted! I have never been so excited to sleep lol
is that for or against
I got on twitter just to tell you I think I'm bout to come to Anderson for a couple hours. Lol
YW Babe, get back with me...
haha I wanna make a point!!! The twitter no lives need to GET A LIFE!!!
My nearly 6-month-old son seems to be sleeping A LOT. He slept 13 hours last night & took a 2 hr nap yesterday. Concerns?
I'm using that on air and I'll give you a shout out for that
"my good friends call me wolf" where was that guy when i was single. LOL:)
My sister made the Jr. High cheer team! <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> Wish she would have picked volleyball instead but Im proud of her lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
I like Anthony Davis and he is what people say he is but dude
It sure is. I spent my whole summer in Montana last year. :)
Been without texting or calling for 2 days! Thank you dad for turning my phone back on <3.
My cheeks are burning from all this blushing. Don't get me wrong. I'm not complaining. LOL!
is beautiful, ngl.
haha... and I'm going again today!!!! Ok, maybe not.
My friend just randomly called me beautiful. Baha. Thanks? Haha.
Happy birthday from the levee! Your boyfriend is the coolest guy in our band for sure.
Although he has many flaws, i still don't mind
A pair of Juniors recently won the 18's USTA National Championships. Congrats and !
You're beautiful! But you look so innocent! lol And when you tweet you're pervy and horned up af! :'D
Eradicating CROWN first tackles from football since 1997. HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certification. The ONLY science of tackling safety on earth.
what was that hahaha
Getting excited 2 participate in #BoardMatch tonight. We'll discuss #highered & how 2 make a diff in lives of SF youth w/
Let me know when it's up, I'm dying to see what you come up with. Also, YOU'RE AWESOME. <3
Spring Break = Homework?
lmao:)) You should text me sometime! 7930378..
opaque hot pink
Why, thank you!
you're welcome! We are grateful to have you!
Great ideas for the mother's day promo! We definitely have a massage package in there, waiting to be won! ;)
Thanks! The West Coast misses you too. Are you getting slammed by Irene?
Ok so your a girl about to be surprised.. Would you want madonna concert or front seats at cirquedusoleil Ovo?
Were we the only ones from San Fran around here? :)
RT : Drove around the Nissan Leaf for the first time and it was not what I expected. It drives like a luxury car, not a...
Thank you for the info. Guess I will have to leave even earlier :( Be careful
T-5hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
mar 22 will be in the afternoon
Nice heads up play by Wieters to get in run down to allow to score.
will never see eye to eye..
#QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* #QRCODE *drink* I'd be wasted right now if I was really playing that game.
let me know if it's worth a watch
Wow!! Orange Bowl upset!!!
CYO till I die
of corse I will invite you in, nice to meet you :) <3
Bender is baked
I don't. I'm going to be a senior soon....it's not cool.
/// Laker fans feeling safe to talk shit tonight.
My grandma should be a chef
CAN I GET AN I <3 My fanz!?! Please <3
Thank you! Appreciate it! :) RT : hey thanks for the follow - love what you do!!
May the Fourth be with you!
Thx for RTs and Both your parents evidently heeded those tips ;) (cc @)
have fun tonight and be careful! Don't be parking on any sidewalks like I did last night! Haha! :)
It's definitely the direction I'd like to move in. If only I weren't on my way to Chicago...
MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS!
All of our songs are rockin'!
Welcome and thanks for following us on Twitter
hey I was asking because I saw your last name is Squires wondering if we are related
back to the grindstone... two hours to go
Spilled orange juice on my floor...how lovely,now there's a huge orange stain waiting for me everyday. You know cause who doesn't want that!
Day four - everyone is exhausted! We had a great time filming at rock cabin and a terrific write up in daily American!
Congrats to CLT's Meg McElwain, Magnolia Marketing, on being one of 2010 Top Women Business leaders (Charlotte Business Journal)
Educated minds are not necessarily enlightened.
hope u got your apple bottoms on with the boots with the fur!
Another week, another hustle, Good Morning all!!
oooooohhh yeah :D
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Andrew Taylor °Rising 7th °Corbin, KY °Travel Team: Kentucky Thunder °Shooting Guard 5’7
It's official and are all part of the party/show Sept 30th LIVE from the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland
Good morning Tweeters and Tweetettes! Have a blessed day!
just sitting here chilling, in bed sick, with my cat :D hahaha no shame in being a cat lady xD
Hectic day of tour with my wingman
#invisible get em out. Both of ya
professionals like us don't just drink or send classic texts at night. It is a 24/7 lifestyle.
If you want a shoutout then you must follow me on my new page
Woke up late? Feel like shit.
If u dont want me, why be friends. FUCK THAT.
already followed
Cheap nigga if you was liquor I'd probably throw yo ass up!
Hu Honua is proud to be a gold sponsor of the Boys and Girls Club of the Big Island golf tourney.
We are here to inspire, lead, and create FREEDOM for YOU>>>
i really didn't care for his real name
Lets go Heat and Panthers!
High schooler walking down the sidewalk holding a pair of crutches, what are those for?
what do you call 5 gay guys walking?
How kind of you!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<3 ive been here since day 1 and am never leaving! love you! reply to my dm pls? <3
Deactivated Facebook over a week ago and I definitely don't miss annoying people who complain, creepers, and damn notifications
like I said before only way the Heat lost this year is self inflicted. No team can handle them 4 out of 7
amanda, let me kiss your face
yes! what do you have to tell me about?
Thanks for the #FF love!
I get it. I hate when I have to demand as well. Why can't people read our minds? :) Very busy. Good end to the month.
"Don't judge each day by the harvest that you reap, but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
We made a difference! I'll have to catch the replay tonight!
It’s your day to be Santa! Be jolly! Spread holiday cheer! Don’t be a Grinch who ruins Christmas: Obey all laws. Don't leave a mess.
I'm now the proud owner of a pair of orange linen #trousers. They need alterations, but y'all will be seeing them in public soon.
Crap I forget what I was doing... it was something Austin related... Wait its always him related ;)
Never thought what life would b like w/o a spacebar til it didn't work on my laptop..Do u know how f*ing hard it is 2 get work done w/out 1?
I'm in. What do we think is the next step toward Waffle Sainthood? Petitions? Protests?
Those laughts that come out to wear someone's just yelling at you
Would you believe I don't even have a Facebook page?! I've been doing this Twit wit thing and leaving the other fish on Facebook
You know that kind of drunk where you're a drink away from yelling faggot or being one?
woo. been a while. looking to hunker down in the sketchbook for a while.
7th for the ultra bubble
OMG EXACTLY RT: If "jailbreaking" sounds lawless to you, recognize that it means "right to install the software I choose"
glgl, will be watching tomorrow!
his tour manager told him that it would be faster of he didn't take pictures and they needed to leave because he had an early>
hahaha good choice !
are you coming to exxxotica in chicago
That's how we fucking do it Chris Kelly!
the new Quaker Oats guy look like John Boehner. Lmao.
Onna mission to cuff ... ;D Bwahahahaha :b
I don't care if it's hailing, I'd probably still wear sandals haha
Flashback Fridays tonight! Serving your top 80's, 90's, hip hop and current hits! See you all there!
People are on some fuck shit tonight at 24 I mean who counts aloud what rep their on while working out by themself at the gym!?
I've never heard of a gun getting arrested for possession of a human
oh god. That makes me not so excited. Damn
“: #OzTip Want an easy way to boost your metabolism? Try a half teaspoon of cinnamon. It will help you burn some extra calories, too.”
Are my cookies done yet?
im 5'6 and a half. So close!~
White Sox Opener Today....What a better day to open then Good Friday.
Wish you tons of luck, safe travels and an incredibly life-time experience. #GoArgentina :)
Are you following ? Follow today and learn more about New York's newest photography art fair!
nah cause they want pac and Mayweather to fight
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends but it'll always get you the right ones - Junior Maldonado
one by one
you can never eat enough! I wish I could have brought some with me.
I bet! Enjoy it!!
My birthday was a week ago. My mom&dad never gave me my present....
R.I.P Herman Hall One year ago today you left us. I am doing what you told me to. I really miss our talks I love and miss you granddad...
I try not to do anything that I wouldn't want to tell my parents. That way, I can always go to them with any problems I have.
What are your thoughts about the #maxbuttons #wordpressplugin from ? We are thinking about using this app for our websites.
RT Dfrsh23 Should I go into wrk 2mrrw it is my day off hm that is more money on the payheck
Amelia Earhart is trending. I would like to point out that I totally started that yesterday. You're welcome world.
It may be raining cats and dogs but it sure is nice out as far as the temperature! Is everyone enjoying their Monday!?
That's all I got for tonight, folks. Thanks for putting up with my endless basketball tweets, it was fun. Good night Tweeps *xo*
My wine goblet I drink my juices out if is cracked! Granted, I bought it at the dollar store, but still...
Awe... Cramps. Smh the one time in my life I *hate* being a girl. -_- smh
Escape the snow tonight with $5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute! We've also got a brand new menu for you to enjoy.
OMG. Humpday is a MASTERPIECE. Believe the hype. And, there are few summer experiences more delicious than going to the movies on a hot day.
Hi! thanks 4 following. I see we're in the same industry
I just had an amazing time with two amazing chicas <3
or dm me
that moment you gain a follower >>>> you know you get happy too
watching on SNL for a 3rd time
NYC Opera, after being forced to leave longtime home, on track to balance budget this year; announces 3-year residencies at BAM, City Center
RT There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all. - Jacqueline Kennedy
watching coraline ; textin' my l o v e ! <3
Well thank you. I'm so glad I have you to turn to for advice. What would I do without you.
you know where we're at!
Having fun finishing up a song called Fugitives. 3 more song coming down the pipe.
Is it counterintuitive to be a scared of a yoga class? Because I totally am. Going today...... yikes!
June Purvis will appear on Yesterday TV on 8 Dec at 9pm in ‘Find My Past’, a programme about the life of suffragette Emily Wilding Davison.
so nice to meet you!
come and get 'em!
I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
What the fuck is that smell???
Last time Indiana, Kentucky, and Louisville all made the Sweet Sixteen was 1993.
Don't ever forget what is worth remembering. Don't try to remember what is best forgotten.
& the rest of my Welsh family, MERRY CHRISTMAS!! Love you all! Pass around hugs & fondles, please.
#youknowiloveyouwhen I give u flowers and a card just because its wensday
need something to do bored as fuck right now ...
You bob for apples in the toilet... and you like it! #TheSandlot is rocking my afternoon working from home.
congrats to the most down to earth dude in the NFL
One of the beings grew brighter & it didn't hurt my eyes, they acted as if they knew me and wanted me to acknowledge them as a friend.
I'm watching Inception for the first time. I hope it doesn't suck.
Don't talk to me when I'm reading
What happened to Boston?? I missed the game
entertain ur self:do jumping jacks,eat a taco, say #she #sells #sea #shells #by #the #sea #shore 5 times!
My friend just opened up a monster you know what that means?!?! I get some too (:
I was chatting with at lunch today. Many good words were said. Just wanted to pass that along.
Keep your head up man, don't cry ... you're beautiful. :)
Congrats! Will there be a way to check in on your progress at the fellowship?
let's go celtics
hope u enjoyed segment, guess I have 2 more minutes of fame left
We shall not be held hostage by pettiness.
Although it's frustrating, I also love it when I'm unable to put into words why I find a particular work of art so appealing.
I'm not sure.
thanks for the mention of the event. We are so glad that you are part of it!
this lady has bunny ears on her phone
Who was it who told me I was a salesman so I didn't need any mystery? Was that ? He's going over the edge, brain-wise. Old coot.
i miss you
am I the only one taking this seriously?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 119
A world premier for some song on the #1 girl album
Maybe you should leave and find your own solar system because here on Earth the world doesn't revolve around YOU.
Make that 2.. One on the house. Happy birthday from Monk's “: happy bday you a jello syringe from ”
Wisconsin #Badgers QB Russell Wilson getting lots of run on #NFLDraft coverage. Kiper: "On a scale of 1-10 character wise, he's a 15."
Love it
Seating for t'row night's 8pm showing of GWB at is first-come-first-serve. Come early for dinner or drinks before the movie!
What should your network know?
No limits! No boundaries! We see increase all around us! We are in a season of God's unprecedented favor!
New Costume Plus Size Fred Flintstone Adult Costume
You go girl! There is no reason to play small. It serves no one. Each day you declare your intention is one day closer to it.
I would really like to share with someone <<<---need to talk
check out our other contests! Plenty more to come!
RT : hey are you guys ready we're so excited!!!!!
Lots of action, Thor had better storyline.
IT DID CHANGE MY LIFE. I CRIED MY EYES OUT JUST LIKE I DID WHEN I SAW IT IN THE 4TH GRADE.
Dude. NOVA is awesome.
prove it c;
It's Beer Breakfast Tuesday! Today's menu included Bush (Scaldis) Peche Mel which was almost a drainpour, and 21st Amend Bitter American
Me cramped in the back of a car for four hours = grumpy !
fired before annual bonuses? coincidence or managerial penny pinching? well all know the game of organic food ain't cheap.
I got the next single on deck! Its crazy!!
Thank you friendship!! Mp3s coming soon! Happy Bday 2 my maven !!!
Seeing some old friends
2 for 1 FINK BOMB SHOTS all weekend !!!!!!!
This shuttled driver is riding everyone's a$$ Lmfao!
I don't think driving your boyfriend to turn himself in for domestic violence is the right move
Im #Single b/c Im enjoying life
you'll be glad to know I've given it up too. I've jumped ship to the voice...and other trainwrecks as well.
big up ! the illest MC ever!
haha went to the baseball game for like 5 min with her mom
it's something I want to look into. I don't know. Haha.
what's wrong? Who's stressing u
First adventure to Sonny's with and #Twitterless Amber!
let's not forget about integrity too. Talent w/o conscience is not a winning combo.
Lol you're welcome
I feel bad for joanne. She ain't never gonna do that again.
Gotcha :P nothing ;D
Me too! Hahahaa.
Happy to be shooting on a sound stage this week after a 10 day shoot in rain and mud. Goodbye Seattle, Hello Los Angeles!
Went for a long walk this morning. It started raining, so I called my wife and she came and picked me up.
so we can be morning tweetbros!
Great domino effect brought to you by Ficano
Familia follow my fam "where true hip hop is" in the
ya, too bad I diminished my post by misspelling her name. Lol
Thanks for the follow and #thanks for being a #changeagent in the world for
but he's not he's growing up. He's trying his best to do stuff for us, but it's hard because everything he does some fans..
your so adorable Hugs &kisses from Buffalo NY
Good first day of work. feels good to be makin money again
i don't care if austin never notices me. I will still be a
Being off of work Is so Boring like there's never nothing to do!!!
super impressive
Barbers & Stylists #FF for ur invite 2 #SOCIALITES Barber & Beauty #SOIREE powered by
hey wats up
Today invites you to share your story from the Green Chair from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m. at their offices.
haha you named your alter ego? That's cute
Lil these days if you ain't 23 or older stay the fuck from round me...
I'm headed back to Pitts now. I've been in WI for the past cpl days for my friends wedding. It was beautiful!
S/O to all my new followers , good looking out
Why can I never sleep anymore?!?!? I feel like I'm drained so what's wrong??
love songs are my favorite.
I love wearing ponytails, but my head always starts aching a few hours later...ugh!
Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections
The best way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them. --tamaaaa
just won my parking appeal. will not have to pay a ticket. in your face!
When you can, take his class! He's so insightful & makes you feel comfortable to take risks. Going to take it again soon.
2+ hours? You were doing something wrong.
Ok these niggas in baton rouge turnt tha fuck up.. Okaaayyy .. On our way to vibes.. Turn up ^^^^^
Lucky to have a mom that doubles as a best friend. Love ya Deb!
Jealous! I dont get in until tomorrow. : EXCELLENT.
“: is coming to Wichita! I'm fucking sreaming!”
Not on the museum end, but I was the prog. officer for a comm. grantmaking org, and can share my experience if you'd like.
i love you, okay.
It's a 3 point contest.
1 pair, a.k.a. two. RT : how many passes were handed out at at 6:30?
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
I miss you my best friend!! This long-distance relationship sucks... Haha 65 days :)
Life without Mariano will be tough...I won't complain. I will be a realist. He is the best ever.
breathing machines are a form of torture :(
just like ya momma
Just realized it got dark while sitting at my computer. I mean completely dark , I forgot to turn on the lights. Does anyone else do this?
I'll bring u some <U+E405>
I'm so excited for these Yelp Safari parties!!!! Hope I get in. ;)
from chicago love ur show i dance to keep myself from hurting myself great to know someone else lives for it too #followme?<3
Celebration time! Keep on drinking!
Lifting tomorrow? Yes!
D^1 = Electrical Resistance
So nice outside, minus all the pollen covering my car. Should be a nice weekend to celebrate St. Patty's!
Whenever God slew them they would seek him they eagerly turned to him again. They remembered that God was their Redeemer. psalm 78:34,35
My brother is back from Vegas :) he bought us chinese food.
I saw an ad for it on my Roku (for $5), so I assume it's there, no?
please cousin don't tell Me u out for the Lakers# celtics bby
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Congrats You're like the secret mayor of everything in Denver!
THANK YA!! #ATX RT : good job! Keep up the greatness!
Thx! RT : Some great thoughts on #introvert blogging this week by my friends and Nice work ladies!
This is not a technical issue. It is a political issue.
Thank you so much for adding StrohlPLUS to your list!
Can't watch Dick Stockton on w/o thinking of him doing #Lakers v. #Celtics Finals on CBS in 80s w/ Tommy Heinsohn's doing color.
Thanks for the RT !
Happy Mother's Day, ! Hoping you're having a great time with your family. All the very best to you and yours for 2012!
Yes (: At event with Michael Salgado!
We're back! Mark your calendar for this year's #EABF Sat., May 19...it'll be bigger and better than ever! Stay tuned for the details.
Totally stuffed after outstanding Brazilian lunch! Salad bar was great too. Nap time...
dude, that's been my whole year. All leading up to the next three weeks.
Ur hair cool the way its....why do u want to dye
I was being sarcastic about Mr. Bobblehead, Drew Soicher he's probably the laziest sports guy in Denver.
You think Gentry would consider starting Hak at the 4? After all he was team's leading scorer for a few games early on.
lol that is amazing.
If you find a good one let me know. Looking for one in NOLA myself.
#TIL Mountain Dew was originally made as a mixer for moonshine.
Georgia cities eye cell phone towers for revenue
hey girl hey
kinda of made my day to see that he follow my races since outdoor first meet
Thanks for the invite. Unfortunately I'll be in FL until July. Hope to see you for the 4th!
Jacoby Ellsbury injury could be serious. May be out 2-4 months.
A5. remains my favorite because of his oh-so-colorful wardrobe changes. He's #NUTS!
I love flirting with guys. Lol.
"We need computers and we need help with technology." <- Job seekers at CML.
I can't deal with how skinny and tan Perez Hilton is. yuck
- Me too actually! I was too busy to be a part of it during last semester, but the crew had a great time and did really well!
that's not good.
Our infield is guys younger than me and career minor leaguers. .500 baseball all day, errday
Sam Trickett Scoops $2.5 Million with Huge Bluff in Macau Cash Game
Sunday bloody sabbath
I do perform miracles everyday! Just breathing is a miracle. Breath to receive. :)
thanks man! We don't have a release date yet, but we're shooting for August I believe.
Really enjoy spending time with I appreciate her so much. Love ya Babe! :)
Im ready to go.
thanks for the Houdini Timeline info..
ugh not in Philly though. We need to get it at home. Our 10k will look like dirt and cheesesteak
Yeah because u told me how it tasted like! Lol
that's a good idea
My bad
this pimp is at the top of mount olympus
Heading to bed. Just have to make it through the day tomorrow then I get cuddle time with my amazing boyfriend. <3
Couldn't pull an anorexic bitch in a Tug-a-War
Honesty Hour on the floor of a hockey rink...
if divorce comes from this im going to fajkdl;sghfsjkn
just saw Tosh web redemption for fall down steps prom girl & they filmed it at the top of Culver Steps haha! To the max!
Make sure tells how much I helped him understand the nuances of hockey last night.
The top #CbusJob posting company in Jan-Feb was with 540 jobs posted!
our 2 assistant coaches quit, and we prolly wont have our Coach much longer,all through HS ive never had the same coach, thats pretty bad.
#Sonic trip número
why oh why would you run an hour long service update while I'm watching #glee?
Can't deny that I want you , but I'll lie if I have to
I haven't yet but plan to soon!
Try harder! RT Newt: I've been editing myself tonight, trying not to appear "zany." Ouch.
hahaha sounds good!
Thanks for the tweet, really appreciate it! Really cool to have such a talented group of people in one place. Have a good one!
Happy Monday! Did you do anything special to celebrate #EarthDay yesterday?
I need a new phone!!!!
found shelter and donated clothes thanks!
Love Yourself!!!!!!!
where do you live again?
thanks very much!!!
My last full week of school ready for summer but I'm gonna miss a few that will be gone
yeah I know I got sucked into this shit...
Bed, I love you so much. I promise to never leave you again.
I'm a Braves fan in Baltimore and since you broadcast the A affiliate, are there any players can help Atlanta this year?
You forget 1 step and BAM your tumbling down the stars... omg.
My best friend's text about Adam Yauch: "Wow..Truly the end of an era. JUST PLEASE don't let someone like the Biebs shit out a tribute."
Bru - on Vermont
She supports me. Lol I love her.
lol ill try my best after 7 tomorrow lol
thanks for the s/o!!!!
I have been a Lil quiet my bad
Really, I didn't mean for that "bilingual" joke to be so close to that personal lubricant joke...but when ya think about it, it works! lmao
Can't wait to link back up with one of my favorite writers to write with!!!
hope u have a great time!! :)
Lovely to meet you last night, Lianne. 'Twas a fine set of songs!
Talk about missed opportunities. If #Chargers didn't lay down for the #Lions..today's win and Broncos loss would've made them AFCW champs.
buttered noodles and braised beef. Meant to order a side of Mac n cheese but got the regular size for that too.
we love planting trees too! Hope you get to 3,000 soon!
hey guys
lmao thank yeww boo ! I was gonna let u wear another one but naaaaaaa !
I won't let words affect me. I won't let other people stop me from doing what makes me happy
Scam on Craigslist targets house renters
What do you think of the first day of a new year? I love it!)) so far the best year ever!!
Tweeting from my new iPad2 - not that I couldn't from my desktop or phone...
i think i'm going to college for genetic counseling but i'm gonna take horticulture in high school and an astronomy class in college just bc
i'm doing a music video for unfriend you.
Oh, I see it here in answer to Bryan. Sounds suspiciously inaccurate.
that would an awesome tattoo for some chicks inner thigh
2pac hologram is sweet - Id like to see ones for Jim Morrison & the Rat Pack next
just around the corner...
what's dr who?
If you were successful in your 20s, I probably hate you.
Perfect Threesome ... Me, Shelly West, Juice Newton while listening to Barbra Mandrel " sleeping single in a double bed"
Hey & guess what ? I'm coming to your live chat :D See ya there!
check your dm
These wedges are too die for....agh !
Reading Julius Caeser for about an hour.. Its interesting but so long.
it sure was. Thanks for the heads up.
shoes... you can never have too many!
I just got a $250 donation from Domino's Corporation for #RaiseYourGlassDetroit Yah Baby!!
bout to have a cook out!(:
Temple Hamlin (TempleHamlin974) Thanks for the follow. May the shirt be with you!
I have a buddy in the pits today, sent me a pic of the car ... looking good!! Hope to see it in victory lane. Go get 'em!!!
Hey Antony - thanks for the follow!
This Flyers v Penguins series has been nothing short of entertaining. I love playoff hockey!
'Emma! Where are you going to school?' 'Alabama.' 'Wow that's so far!!' 'Says the girl going to Hawaii.'
not really, lol. only if i like, speed walk. but i almost do a face plant in the stairs everytime.
"Now I can let these dream killers kill my selfesteem, or use my arrogance as the steam 2 power my dreams" #CollegeDropout still inspires me
i love that :) hahaha.
Good morning. It's lovely out here today.
Pizza, soda, and tons of great improv in the DCT tonight. We're hosting so come on by!
oh my gosh you will love! If you don't have hipstamatic already - get it! Such a fun photo app.
I didn't know about the fonts! " Google docs may have gotten 450 new fonts, but Google Sites is still stuck with 6. #poorcousin"
sometimes i wish my brain would just leave me alone
i can't even talk about it without getting belligerently pissed off.
if you in the club with no panties on dont get mad when a nigga try to finger you RT
What if it goes out of stock, then what's going to happen??? HUH?!
No , if I skip a grade then I'll be a junior , I'm going to be a somphmore .
Meeting new friends & people watching #swimsuitgirl anyone?
I get REALLY annoyed when people just assume shit with out taking to me first... Because you know me better then I do right?
TCC Special Events Manager Aynsley Stephenson has been nominated for the Forty under 40 Awards sponsored by the Denver Business Journal! WOW
That story you've always wanted to see on the big screen is the one you should strive to make, not the one you think will be hot right now.
damn book report -______-
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Shawn Short °Rising 7th °Berea, KY °Travel Team: Warriors °Point Guard 6’0
It's so awkward in the halls when u see the guys who messaged you in the past week it's terrifying #ReasonsWhyIHateSchool :p
I know, I'm sorry
I'm sure it will pass. Your web presence seems strong and well established.
lol then y good luck?
went to see the kids in #CHICO this weekend....
Sounds interesting. How can you afford for it to be FREE?
Studio day.
Tired :/ having trouble getting outta bed. I just want to sleep!!
Hey all you Oregonians & SW Washington residents...Anybody planning on traveling to London for the Summer Olympics?
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 14
#uCantBeToughAndSay the word "wiggle"
We are looking for the in and the road to are line. "The East Coast Rebellion."
lol that sounds terrible
Where will you be at this time tomorrow? If you're a true Agent, you'll be at 2215 W North Ave ushering in the new year with the rest of us.
YES! Congrats to all of you! Portland loves its ballet!
Where did you see that sign. That's hysterical! (I bet they played the Slayer Christmas album during the holidays...)
If hip hop was basketball I'd be dunking everything
Happy Holidays from Piccolo Chef! May 2012 bring all of us a year full of wonders....
Made my day: looking up tweets about The Body Project, and find Demi Lovato tweeting about how awesome a book it is for everybody to read
Looks like we'll have to wait a while before we see the first 90 degree day of 2012. Andy has the weather scoop on
My friend just said some of my guy friends are ugly. You need to get your eyes checked! They're actually good looking!
I am excted about next week's Raleigh Demo fleet, come and ride a $6500 road bike with us free!!!
good luck to everyone competing in the #city2surf. dont let the rain spoil the fun.
So much love in one tweet. :3
Getting ready to watch get #Punkd by his brothers #
Dramatic end for #DenverBroncos(24) against San Diego Charges(29) Believe Tim Tebow needs to be the Broncos QB going forward
so you're in town but not in Tyler?
Good luck on finals everyone. You know where to go when it's time to get rid of those books. http:/doudeal.com
Reading 's random twitter hour kept me entertained through work on Who knew he was that funny? Wait, I did.
she is well. She has already surpassed her end of the year reading goal. I love that kid. How's Miss Dev?
that's great! I'm happy school is going well! Get that "ejamacation" girl!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
playing catch up / dl'ing old ones now!!
TOMORROW! Suicide Silence. Unearth. All Shall Perish. Red Fang. Cognitive Atrophy. New Daisy.
My math teacher is obsessed with the word " ass " .
aw i scared ya??? There's someone behind you DONT LOOK hahahahaha
if i could go back in time...i wouldnt change a thing.
I couldn't imagine writing like that in another language. I read French & Spanish. Speak both not well. But writing= so hard
"Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same." I love Oscar Wilde.
For my birthday!? Gee thanks! (dec 9th in case you are sending me gifts)
Goodness is the only investment which never fails. H. Thoreau
Not sure I need to check my calendar
Because he freaking rules!!!
Spent almost the whole day with and her family I love them :)
Hey your filters for "Find Startups" only work on the first results page and are ignored on the following.
#FF this lady, she gets it. RT What about number of successful bunts? That's the only number that matters in baseball, right?
New video coming out sometime this week guys. Would you like to see a new original song that I've written recently or a cover? :)
Pliny the Younger is flowing at Toronado. Get it while you can #SanDiego!
I Love SinGer!!!
rip Amy winehouse
is that an option?
Awesome! You'll be pleasantly surprised! RT ": - No, I'll have to check that out. "
I hate when people I don't even know like my "truth is" status..
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either ~ Dick Cavett
Honestly cannot believe that gets a paycheck from .
Simone ese lol RT : Haha I love American Me and Blood in, Blood Out.vocabulary in those movies. Brings out my inner chola lmfao
Do she regret
THERE IS DOUBLE DUTCH ON KENMORE I REPEAT DOUBLE DUTCH ON KENMORE
I agree with you about 's comments to Rolling Stone Mag. He was just misunderstood. And a modern day Johnny Cash!
I want Japanese Food! #AsianSwag?
oh sweet that not bad
The Gunter Media Group and the National Society of Black Physicists Announce Strategic Partnership
All of the Languages are live... We launched before getting the documentation live. German=DL. Hence ..../lang:DL/...
spent the last two days in C'ville! Love it there--even in this weather :-)
Knock on wood, however, because that's a big if.
Will do!! Thanks for the shout out!!
#IAlwaysWonderIf I talked to you at school you would like me.
YOU GUYS!! GAME OF THRONES IS ON!
Something exciting coming soon.
It's Corey :D
Just discovered the movie shark attack. 1999 casper van dien. There are no words people.
Even in the midst of supposedly lean days, the Windies can round up an opening bowling attack of Roach/Edwards.
Wow. My car is dirty! But the sticker is clean!
oh it can def get worse.... if i knew how to incorprate your beaver teeh- thatd be worse
Free tomorrow night...anytime after 6:45? Or Wednesday after HH?
Don't know if I could agree to anything more than I agree to that. :)
My second thought is to wear fishnets and a short skirt for maximum Looks at the hotel when I arrive.
i will =D
great, intense. pre Rosemary's Baby and The Tenant.
diggin the new Dis Rap dude, well done!
Words of Wine Wisdom: "Making good wine is a skill. Fine wine is an art." ~ Robert Mondavi
So... Quit TRYING to start stuff and make her mad
Alright water and Oreos, I'm counting on you to get ne through the night.
No problem, thanks
u guys... are ATL somewhat mainstream?
I still laugh every time I hear your "Black Man Echo" prank call. #WhoYoBossIs?
Darn it... I forgot to grab a growler... AGAIN. I was going to come home, sit on the lawn, read a book and snuggle with it.
Unlocking city&#39;s future depends on new code
Damn I Keep Coughing I Think Im Sick
#ghettoadvice I am addicted of and taking screenshots of hot guys. Wtf should I do?!?!?!??
Pretty excited to go to Evansville this weekend for graduation!
im a sucker for pretty ladies.....hehe
"we have rice krispies for dead week when we get nomzy and are procrasterbaking
I hit 200 followers!!! Help me get 300 followers :)
"If i started over..id do the same again."
I've been tattooing all day in key west. On the ocean.
2 more houses to go and were done!! lol to much candy
It's March already?!
Oh, don't worry babe. You didn't break me, you completely destroyed me.
Mahomies-we hope 2 invite Austin 2 r lounge 2 perform, but u have 2 prove u want it! Take over r Facebook page & get it 2 30,000 likes!
Why is taco bell so god damn good?
i feel Miserable :(
Always interesting being one letter off from a teenager's twitter handle.
Thanks! Events is what we're all about.
If you enjoy living, it is not difficult to keep the sense of wonder. - Ray Bradbury
Our director has retired, so we're throwing him a going away party!
I have no idea. Lol my sister got me them as a b day present so I guess it's a surprise!(:
around 7 inches
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 18
Girly shaving cream > Manly shaving cream
My stupid brother won't leave me alone! -____- UGGH
I need a new battery AGAIN
Debate is masculine, conversation is feminine. - Amos Bronson Alcott.
139 cappers with their pks on tonights games posted today with 2 cons in college and NBA has Warriors & Ov and off a 5-3 cons on Mon
LOLOLOLOLOL seriously though
i actually am enjoying this whole eating breakfast thing tho
Good Luck! :) RT So R2P2D1 went well today,can't wait to see the end results! ...
I need more films in the near future please
Powerful! RT : Best part is this yr she organizes those discussions b/n her Deans office & intercultural ctr.
Adults are always asking kids what they want to be when they grow up because they are looking for ideas. ~ Paula Poundstone
I need to buy me some stocks.
i care enough to speak my mind and say i love Jesus, i can care less for someone that has no respect for him.
M missin him so much. :-(
So far five people are going including me. Hope more of you can make it! x
DUDE! We almost died!!! Yea, but it was fun though!
What's new this week tweet fam?
Whoever is on the ref desk gets it. They research, answer, or fwd as needed.
Re: Chris Brown saying 'I promise I won't beat you' as a pick up line. Does this guy have a mother? If so, can I call her? We need to talk.
“: just got a chance to check it... Crazy fresh brother!” Thanks a lot man! Glad you
making a pasta dinner and doing laundry is the american way!
"People who date just off of looks are destined for an early ending" I was on 's formspring and I just had to quote it :3
When we gonna party again?
I think they spelled Jets wrong.
lol to the people who waste their lives trying to be """hipster"""
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrdy </3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wanna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
Opening day of #WPSLElite! takes on tonight! Be sure to follow live on Twitter!!! Kickoff at 7:30 EST!
that's ok...sleep when u dead!!
how can partying with THIS GIRL ever disappoint you?!
GoodMorning (: , sorry I feel asleep Last night.
They think I'm biggie I'm bumping juicy with a several groupies.
looks really cool. I'd like to see it replicated all over the country!
i am not playing.... i am really pooped
Caught in the rain while walking to the beach for dinner.
Helpin' the bf out tonight. savin' up my good girlfriend points for a night out soon I think.
Twitter is no place to debate Theology.That takes one on one personal discussion. cont...
I just downloaded the Team Gleason iPhone app. Sweet!
Watchin Spongebob wit my dog and thinkn bout Story:( cnt wait til she get here
“: Who won the little 500?”
I still turn to you ..<U+2665>
If they not PROGRESSING, never allow them to be part of you DEGRESSING. #livistithramblings, #life, #advice,
vodka at the supermarket--how long have toy lived in Texas?!
Listening to - Take Me Away, I love this song!!
It was a hot hot day in LA today -- lots of Iced Tea and Coffee at the Noho Farmers market..
You dudes playin checkers but its a chess game
support the deaf at rayovacbattery.net and usadeaf.com
If Debbie Peagler had been charged appropriately, she would have served 6yrs max, but she served 26. Crime After Crime helped free her.
$2 Fish Tacos and $3 #Pacifico. Our version of a $5 foot long.
Just discovered that all the Flying Circus episodes are available via Netflix streaming. Productivity? Where'd you go? :)
Beer is Gud.
Automatically thinking "what a hoe" when you hear your ex has a new gf.
At the airport in colorado springs, and gonna fly first class all the way to dallas texas :D hopefully there arnt any suicide bombers
I'm a polite person, I'll tell you excuse me and STFU up in the same sentence. Don't believe me? Try me and see.
RT : "The American Auto Industry is BACK" #StateOfTheUnion Pres
Priceless RT : Hell yeah John Cena...those things make you a real hero.
Just saw mirror mirror! It was great! Love fairytales....
Wishing you a GREAT Day!
haha nicee :) dude if you want jake thrupp to follow you, you have to spam him. Lol i did and he followed me.
Cooking on a budget, laundry, writing a resume, and loading a dishwasher should all be required courses in high school.
Just rediscovered I have the twitter app on my phone
All right! Give me a call or shoot me an email! :)
RT : So... does Tipper Gore get half the internet in the divorce?
she fucking flipped on me cause i liked him!? i have never done that before and she has dated a guy that i loved even after i told her!!
#ThePinch has no official stance on #Inception. But , Fall 2010 issue editor, gives it two surreal thumbs down!
Congrats to Jay-Z on the "Made in America" festival, however what I'm really wanting is another Dave Chappelle block party
So nice to wake up to the sound of baby Kate laughing and playing with the music toy on her crib
any male vocalist ranging from soul to pop... hit me up i got a few tracks that need your voice, Billborad hits ....
But will you be at PyCon?!
Oh dear--that sounds uncomfortable! You still dropping mad beats?
Where did the sun go? May gray is official!
Off work and have to go to the DMV at 7am then work again, buut thank goodness tomorrow is pay daay :D
Bryce Harper gets drilled, then steals home. Should be a fun game tonight.
wea you at
ha what you talkin bout josh?
Have a great weekend everyone!
Thanks for the good eye. Just made that fix; shld be live soon. (There was originally going to be a charge but that was changed.)
i wouldve pretended like i wasnt following you and pretend like i didnt know who you were then ask to take a picture lol jk
Aw, darn. You're right. Saw the post on Facebook and didn't check the time stamp.
had one of the best niqhts of my life last niqht at prom<3
I just do.
thanks sweetie pie!
Try to hit snooze and my favorite song comes on guess the world wants me up now.
Second class at #DU tonight for GMAT Preparation Course. Verbal, quantitative and analytical reasoning. Hitting the books hard today.
Interesting to see Walmart's Mexico issues raise awareness of FCPA. Wonder how aggressive will be with fines. I expect >$500M
Dear Lord, please help me make this B!
Happy cinco de drunko from your friends at BostonDrunks
“: I'm not easy to catch. If you want my attention, as I've said So smacking you on the ass in the bar is the way to do this?
Ha! Maybe getting inspired for a custom line of simple Amish furniture.
Keith Urban isn't even American. He should sing about hitting kangaroos with his tractor.
but seriously, doesn't everyone need spf 75 in January??
where is this hot new single? I need your voice in my ear
do u mean #demadicks? If u think either party TRULY has our best interest at heart than ur about as sharp as an Anthony juror
Looking forward to your #sports news!
my thoughts exactly :-)
I would think that arguing every night would kind of get boring....but I guess my parents think it's fun...
i cant believe i missed the launching of "someday" at macy's... :(
aight imma hold u to it
what's good my nigg! you remember a dude named "sly" from ny? He Said he's known u for years. He was in the airforce.
wait, what?!
VIP invite only party 6-9 benefiting JDRF. Open to the public at 9:00pm!
some what. How did your random drug testing go for the peeps
thanks so much!!
. Any successful party/movement begins locally, then state, then nationally. The has to be a base.
I'll give you a hollar in about 15 minutes..
What a really sad, sad day. RIP Adam Yauch. In tears.
“: Boy, you’re really doing it, aren’t ya? You’re just shittin’ in the street.”
I shall do what I want, when I want.
Phone manufacturers really need to develop better batteries for 4G devices...the battery life on my new phone is awful!
Just ordered a salad topped with Fritos. That's how I rock the healthy.
I'm tweeting from 18 twitter accounts at once. hehe :)
Great seeing you this weekend, Steve. You never cease to inspire me!! Keep the faith & keep up the good work.
prob cause yanks got swept first series, getting some work in
Just registered for #SLA2011 in Philly!
Deans list & no summer classes <U+270C>
Not for nothing, but the hotdog hooker is more conservative than some these girls that are off to the prom tonight.
I loved #secretdaughter! I can't wait to read what you are working on next!
makes you wonder why people don't see it as the blessing it is
If you’re following me on Twitter and ever retweeted or me – Thank YOU! You rock!!
Determined to make today great!
hey are you sick this week
i respect that. Wish more had that same attitude. Too many haters in the game man.
FIRST THREE POINTER OF THE GAME?!?!?!
Trying to go to the bathroom and get a snack or a drink before the commercial is over
Students in Tucson are boycotting school on 1-24 (when schools count attendees for funding) in protest against the loss of Ethnic Studies!
come on I NEED
happy mothers' day!
So I am not alone here with my #Instagram not working?? It doesn't refresh smh
Our little Twitters are growing up!
Today 1850: Milwaukee mayor Peter J Somersault was born. He served as the city's mayor from 1890 to 1893.
Congrats on getting people to convert to Google Docs!!! It's such a great tool for committee work.
perfect! See you then!
My fury is rising watching #preppers. I just can't believe these parents abuse these kids by projecting paranoia. Anxiety disorders ensue.
AH, I'M SO EXCITED. CAN YOU GIVE A RELEASE DATE? PLEASE MO. I'M YOUR NUMBER 1 FAN.
Give yourself a break.
I have to be careful what I talk about with my dad and he made a rude comments last night
WOO! Iced Americanos have excellent slam-ability & oh-so-tasty! Hopefully your productivity was through the roof!
YUM. Looks so easy! Love the taste of almond milk, but a few brands that I tried were heavy in sugar
the vibe is thick in Chicago - The Jaws theme quietly in the background
I WILL see justice.
How tall is Greyson? He looks so tall xD
Must cease ostentatious erudition.
Personal pursuits excite students
.literally :using stop to need we word one the
This really doesn't happen very often, but it's a New Order morning. What exactly that means, I don't know.
you guys are twins!!!!
Tomorrow I will go to the flash mob! It is necessary to have fun from the heart!
We've got 8 kids coming to USJN tourney this wkend...6 of them are 6' ft or bigger...the other 2 are 5'10 guards, should be interesting
thank you for the delicious kringle!!
lol...diet? that takes discipline, Lord help!!! Well keep it up it's working for you!
One of my all time favorite tunes.
What is your favorite Pandora station? I'm bored with all of mine and need some ideas.
guys get ur contest entrys in!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #Buzzcation this Wednesday!
It will be a bigger, better world.
#SignsYouPissedSomebodyOff simple w/ me ,b/c if U did something so bad to really piss me / do me wrong - I cut you out my life all the way
Omg it's like a bagillion degrees in my room right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
We love Long Beach! Spent a night on the Queen Mary 'bout 10 years ago. Thanks for the follow, looking forward to sharing.
Why does Governor-elect Walker oppose mass transit options? We are forced to buy cars w/o options.
Ive always respected you + been a fan.. plz dont ruin that and say you'd consider playing for the heat
Close game but I'll take it!
will do!
This English paper is killing me.
My rational mind tells me the same. Online Vaccination Hysteria...well...it's working.
I wanna make YT videos haha. But no one would watch it ):
I appreciate that retweet sir. Much love and respect
dane copies me
cant lose you cant help it sorry im so selfish
I wonder who her clients were?
is that like "hens?"
Trying to decide if I actually want to submit a proposal to #acrl13. If I do I better get my act together.
I will collect APUSH 20th Century projects on a website, use to review before exams next year.
RT : Deacon in the air-chair and liking this new Trey Songz (song) "Unusual"
Don’t run too many miles too slow. Running slow, teaches your body to...run slow! Instead run fewer, faster miles.
iwillmovement.blogspot.com real talk with a Godly perspective!
Join us for lunch! Last day to try our amazing #GrilledCheese special!
iF your dreads look like you just got out da beach wit all dat dirty lookin shii n it.. YOU ARE NOT PIMPIN
I don't sit here and do mixes or mixtapes but I should just record ONE! And for the title is gonna be FAKE RECOGNISE'S FAKE....
When you truly find love, you find yourself.
I got suspended I can't even go lmfao
Getting sleepy sucka...
Thanx dude... i dig ur videos on youtube
I hate when people ask for a follow back, but they're not even following you.
Hi loves :)xx
Not at all ;)
What! That's right near my house!
Happy 2nd anniversary Affordable Care Act - what's your favorite provision?
"Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest." - Mark Twain.
did you know your apps may have access to your friend lists? Check your social network privacy settings, get rid of apps u don't use.
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”
those are awesome ideas!
www.fpyouthoutcry.org visit and learn more
Nice! I love both of those books.
Hairspray cast was excited for Naya Rivera from Glee, but she didn't show up. :( LOL
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
Currently in LOVE with 's album. Ugh your voices are beautiful. Make babies.
Is it possible NOT to eat well in Italy??
#MarianUniversity baseball visit with great coaches and school. plays a big game at #VictoryField tomorrow.
#follow cause she's a positive gal making some positive moves in her career
Very funny Scotty, now beam up my clothes.
started my training for the San Fran 1/2 marathon today with a 4 mile run. a glorious LA day. How are you enjoying your weekend?
um, , im waitin on that talk to wanted to give me, ya kno about that friend i sed im gettin tired of
will try that one too. The whole thing with AB for me is the potential for setting up lucid dreaming that people report.
Dwyane Wade shouldn't be questioning anyone's celebrating. It's not like the Pacers set up a stage and guaranteed eight championships.
Congrats Trenni, you deserve it.
G'Evening tweeps. If U don't want to share in my uber-snarkiness about the #bachelor, just ignore me 4 the next 2 hours.
just now catching up on Twitter and saw your tweet from Thurs morning. No worries we can connect next time!
Thanks! We will be sure to give you credit. :)
Had a nice discussion on LIFO and FIFO accounting methods with my wife while picking up discounted coffee for our stockpile.
"What's chiefing ?" *white girl voice* Lmao
were you in for service?
It is time for you to begin to open up to your own manifesting abilities by awakening to yourself and taking back your power.
lookin for work
RT : Q3) How are you collecting formative and summative data now?
You Were Awetastic(Awesome and Fantastic) On !!!!
Today in 1934, the first Laundromat opened in Fort Worth, Texas.
and selling your license to a place in the innovation district or back bay is attractive (restaurant/bar) breezeway/packy's
amazing. May he rest in peace.
Time for bed now. Then comes the start of a new day of wonder and amazement. OK, maybe just a new day, but who knows?
Hot water is such a pleasure to me.
service available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for all of your emergency locksmith needs. We can open just about anything you can lock.
Every time I see #dontdoublemyrate, my mind sticks "bro" at the end. Is trying to stereotype college students, or am I?
Orlando come check me out tonight for the xxl red carpet event chakra tonight
On my school way :/
Happy Mothers Day !!!
4:21 on 4/20! Haha! Got a minute? (Cough) 10 days until UFC's epic card! O I cannot wait to try out my new gloves !
In theory, I agree with you. Managers do a terrible job at maximizing the value of their closer.
well you're wrong because it says maybe not baby :p lol
Thank you for the support and sharing us with your Twitter network! You rock!
Thank you for mentioning
I don't know who irks me more: tom crean or alec jury.
I do the exact same thing holy crap hahahaha!!!!
#REDParty w/ , open bar til midnight if you come dressed in red! will also donate $10 to AFAN for each guest in Red!
Struggling with people rescheduling at the last minute. Not to mention the weather is starting to get to me.
Thanks to you, I'm going to resurrect the word "cripey" in my vocabulary. HA HA HA!! It'll make my family proud.
you know whats up :)
8 hours?? Musta been quite a night ...
If I could use 150 letters to describe to you how awesome Avengers was i would. But alas I cannot. So just go. It's awesome.
Thanks! MT Thanks for the great talk on photo preservation at QC! From a layperson's perspective, it was very educational.
GET IT SHENELL
thanks dude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
love doing the game but dammit don't jinx us!
Now following you on tumblr. Best wishes.
A final look at #bookless tonight, thanks to the artists and organizers for a great event
Daylight Savings, I hate you.
Yes, I was thinking it must be something along the lines of false positives. I'll open a ticket. Thanks!
Maybe you should take over Brooke's job at Fox Sports... Timeouts and re-entries would be much better.
Ewww she got vomit in her hair....I would cry
thank U,had a nice day.Wish they did a better job 4 Andy, thoght he had a real good 1st game.Way 2 many people left on base
The fact I got third place <
And now I'm having visions of a buddy-cop movie starring Johnny Knoxville and Keenan Ivory Wayans.
But they're precision incisions. And that rhymes.
Not being in school right now >
I wasn't following , but was following Fixed that. Thanks for the unintentional #ff. ;)
amen followed up with Omaha
If we only have one this year, who should be our all start? I'm thinking Butler or Moose.!
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
Still time for some piercings tonight! We are open till 10pm!
May I request Defying Gravity :P
Woo CouchDB 1.2 released with new features and cleaned up website, just in time to put it into the book :)
I love everything mentioned in this mango post! Next time we make slaw...mangos will be a new feature!
Just landed in Chicago to meet with one of our partners, love planning for a new NFL season!
You are what you think about all day long. (Dr. Robert Schuller)
manicotti and stuffed shells which one you like the most ?
I'm gonna enjoy this
hey, enjoy your time with your man, it's all about love this summer! Tell him I said hi!
"I'm determined to remain forever young even if I die trying."
The best! :) RT : Great to see you today-- glad to know UComm is a solid career launch point!
Doc on Avery Bradley's shoulder: "It's [popping out] every other game now, and that's obviously becoming a problem."
I gave up and hopped on the #30wb at 7:25, even though it wasn't as convenient as #10 was to destination. I had to be on time!
careful, talk like that will get you kicked off twitter
It's only a matter of time until Facebook adds 'Friend-zoned' as a relationship LOL
I NOW look at bad days as "on-the-job" training. THESE are the days that have made me an equipped soldier for my cause.
Flying to Seattle on Sunday for Xbox commercial
And get sent back to rehab?
How about Scott Cherry (Former GMU Asst) getting that job?
sharing is caring :-] plus, group activities are so much more fun than solo :P
Thanks for the RT! See you at #HIMSS12!
or work on my SHIT with ME
McDonald's with and
Looking for a new IT Job? Follow to see OPEN IT JOBS at Top Companies across the US!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Enjoy the biggest full moon of the year tonight.
I got the new HTC 4g evo this is the best app phone on the market for me most of my phone have been HTC -BB storm move over iPhone
alright that was enough snow for me. ready for spring
Too much Botox!
There's some vague ideas in here I agree with, but I don't believe in absolute Socialist society, not possible anyway.
The mission of PhDeets is to give PhDs a place to boil down their dissertation into a tweet.
I was just sitting here filling out my planner and adding things into my phone..#ScheduleJunkie Planners, Planners, Planners hahah
this show is mindblowing. Bruce & friends in a 2,700-seat venue. @ sxsw. A true rock 'n' roll moment.
I'm thinking I'd rather see a Duck with a half the speed who can hold onto the football than the fastest player on the field who can't
Southbound I-35 semi wreck just north of Norman. Traffic at a stand still.
its official! we will be shooting a video for "okay" soon!!
I listen to "Someone Like You" repeatedly every morning, you have such a beautiful voice and you are an inspiration
I'm great too! We're BBQing right now & it's beautiful outside. The house hunt is slow, but we know the right one will come along.
what a weird one that was. Supposed to be an article about us in that site tomorrow.
Just saw a Poise commercial with and I gotta admit the idea of her leaky fairy bladder was uncomfortable & yet kinda hot.
RT : Khloe Tweets about the Roast: Kan't we all just get along?
Good luck!
Omg! Lol wow, there could be many captions for that pic! Hope u had a blast Carrie! Any East Coast events soon? Cheers, Emmi
There is a trail of high heeled shoes from my closet into my two year olds room. :)
I've cube
no coach with a shot at 0-16 is getting fired! You plaaayyyy to win the decade.
Cowboys are shopping Mike Jenkins to get back in 2nd round
Very nice! Thanks!
no sir lol
Adele has shed 14lbs thanks to a vegetarian diet.
So... Bryce Harper got mad and swung his bat at a wall. The wall swung back, bouncing the bat into his eye. He ended up needing 10 stitches
Radiate.. Be your Sun. Out Shine the shinny things.The Omnipotent Reality that You are Can't be Boxed or Dis Mantled.
Celebrating what w my beautiful gf and #ianmagid who has no twitter
Do any of you guys live in Ohio? Tweet me if you do
Two days untill we tear this place apart
The belly dance class@ powerhouse gym went well today. My Ladies are really down packing the technique. I am so grateful!
why did you have some more bad experiences? :P or just not finding what you're looking for?
In da club
Took gold fixtures from a flip and had them powder coated to an oil rubbed bronze. Looked awesome and saved $3400
#Brewers come Home and take on Reds. What else can go wrong?
I love you so much that i'm starting to question it..
Tip of the week: Improve your diet by eating orange fruits and veggies. Squash and carrots contain vitamin A that boost your immune system.
#FF to some inspiring moms for this #MothersDay: , , , , , ,
oh please don't tell me this is connected to current life events!
#black church is so hypocritical why you telling folk not to vote when half your church is #gay and lesbian and having sex with members
Epic all-nighter workshop.
yea it would be weird and no not really and are you still in that class :P lol ?
After seeing that Steelers fake punt I'm gonna sign Daniel Sepulveda to compete for quarterback. We need another one.
Words don't get to me, but action does.
And a TD pass from Shipley ... to Ash. I think we've found our QB.
positive energy miss.
Thank you for the mention in your bang, bang post! I can't believe I'm already answering mom-ish questions.
This is goodbye . No more nice me . I'm sick of being nice to you
Had a blast at the show tonight! :) Can't even fit all thoughts into one tweet.
Moe is dakota don't stop touchin me and go to bed wit her evil looking self omgg
adooooorbs. Miss u guys!
BOUNCE BITCH
lol stupid men who produce it are attracted to me.
Women only tell Wat they want u to know but expect you to tell everything
Welcome! And sure, about the 16th.
"Wine is the most civilized thing in the world." - Ernest Hemingway Join us tonight as we offer HALF OFF every wine by the bottle!
tell me what he says
I wanna put something together with my peoples over at
The 4C Collective Studio is in FULL EFFECT!! Planning, writing, freestylin, praying, having a good time doing KINGDOM MUSIC!!! #MSPMONDAYS!!
I'm so dope, I got bit my the drug dogs today at school
I'd give the speech an A
Oddly, I keep capitalizing "furlough" in IMs and emails and stuff.
While Jacking off RT <-- Gonna watch the smashing Ashton Korver #And1 about 500 times tonight
Had a great 3 days in a tax seminar in Vegas! Time to catch a red eye flight to Atlanta and head to the office in the morning.
lol okay. you'll see! im smarter than youu!
Great workout. Summer is around the corner
Discussing pilot legislation for 3 electric vehicle charging stations in Cleveland. To be operated by CPP.
":My friend went to Wis 3 days ago haven't heard from her since. I assume they kill ppl/cellphones there” death by cheese curds
Just doing my best to keep it fresh - thanks for the kind words!
It's like spring practice for as we update our 52 blogs in time for 2012 #HSFB season.
happy mother's day to all mommy's in the world..!
of course i watched the game the offense was trash thank god for our d
#truestory “: more money for the only added service of fresh towels. Fun!”
alone with my host stand for the next 2 hourss... fml
Thank you for following me on Twitter! Lissy
This work is lame o;
Assemblyman David Weprin named Democratic nominee in Special Election for Congress to be held on September 13th.
So mean for someone with such a sweet face :p Well its cool, Diner smells good here anyways :)
#40 Bro, there is no such thing as "nothing" and without love we are nothing, get it? 1 Corinthians 13:2
Way to go Mrs. Eleanor Holmes Norton
Happy hump days everyone enjoy your day!
Them #Hoosiers are unconscious
I also really want to go to Vancouver
Don't move back here remember the last time you were here d-oh!!
if your my Romeo I'll be your Juliet
whatcha up to?
Meow... :) RT : my cat said good morning to you too :)
Just met and and Lucy of course!! What amazing people thank you for joining us!
That's a bold hash tag. We will see what happens.
Good Morning everyone waking up in #Chicago on my way to #Scottsdale this evening...
Purdue football game.
Aww my baby sore from football practice Aww...
Some of us learn from the mistakes of others; the rest of us have to be the others.
just got express dropoff and felt extra special
yea lol just a different species
Just spent an hour playing with Good stuff. Can't wait for the facebook integration.
- is the mastermind behind the sweet side of all the NeighborhoodRestGroup. Id recommend anything she touches
I'm kind of at the point where I feel like all of my profs hate me & I'm okay with that. I shouldn't be but I kinda am.
To own is to fear.
What does it MEAN that Jon Hamm does voiceover so for so many commercials? Surely there is some symbolic relevance!
Everything is getting better and better!!!
I think I'm getting sick :( & I had a horrible day at school today. If u tweeted me "feel better" I think I most definitely would
New EP from The Shakespeares on iTunes. So good. Go get it now. (via )
you're going to need another drink, lord grantham
In honor of Earth Day, children throughout the world are running into their homes wearing muddy shoes.
Seriously, do it!!!!!
Have you ever noticed that when your in love nothing else can be going right for you but it seems like everything else is perfect.
That spider scared the #crap out of me!
You're welcome! RT : Thanks to , and for a weekend of engaging entertainment.
It's it amazing how everyone is always looking for the bad in everything? Braun was right, this is far from over, but I believe him!
I called it! It is now snowing here!
I saw Forey! Kilt, bare feet and all!
#SantaRobIsComingToTown ...and wraps presents like a four year old. [:
Ok, back to cake boss, Buddy says "lobster claw" is his wife's favorite, and it does look amazing. So try one and report back!
not sure . All other shops are closed now as of a few months ago
Beautiful night outside. I'm blessed to be alive and well, praise the Lord!
my friend just called me and all i heard was wind and a little girl laughing....
Dang all my friends be sayin all that to! i miss KC!
Thanks, folks!
You andi we were born to die
Yeah, we're going to need a moment to weep about Derek Rose and the 2012-2013 Bulls season.
My day is gonna be awsome! I don't have to do anything all day!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Oh wait- just realized he's not on the phone but talking to himself.
Follow Chances band, , they are pretty rad and they love you :)
hey just now got on twitter...NOPE babes wasnt my party. If it was you know you would had been invited.
doing some cool research.
squealing like a fucking weirdo while grabbing your crotch and staring at me llike a chester is not going to get you my number.sorry.
wendys smell like Fart right now
I'm not just suggesting shock and awe this time, though -- I'm suggesting shock and awe and a drum circle, Bob.
Great! I am open to location. Is there someplace that works well for you?
There is one very vocal audience member on #DWTS! Has anyone ever gotten kicked out?
On one of the most ancient sites ever
blow da phone up
Nothing like bag pipes!
As opposed to throwing batting practice at Coors Field earlier this season?
I need a nap.
good to know.. I just read online that it wasn't going to be available.
At #Japanese restaurant yumm :D
Facebook... too cluttered?
I thought you were getting a rat rod? I just saw post pics of your mini. Gotta say I'm diggin it!
and I can't describe,ther's Something About the Way You Look Tonight<U+2665>
Shoot out tomorrow #with the sister(:
that's a good thing ;)
Haven't had a chance to listen to your stuff yet but I'm sure it's great.
People don't change unless there is a crisis (and if they don't, flee!)
we know...you think your the funniest person in the world
I went #Zorbing yesterday! Thanks to the I was able to #zorb, #luge and stay in a great base #Hostel in
Its raining..soo...imma go ...play in the rain xDD
congrats...it's about time!
Walla Walla Onion Rings now in season .
having solo meeting of Nic Cage fan club - watchin It Could Happen To You - a thief requests box of Virginia Slims - surprisingly comedic
I hope to do a lot of traveling this summer :)
Coffee is no longer working. Crunching numbers is not for the sleepy-headed! Time to relax :)
Breaked it down in boat shoes and a cardigan. Couldn't help myself.
I could eat that humbow every day! And those ribs!! Delicious. Thx for your hospitality as always.
sitting here in the studio working on a commercial soon to be aired. Putting the final mix on it... COMING SOON!!!!
OH: "You're so judgmental. Is that what hackers do? They judge?" cc'
: Follow me I'm going places!
Norwegian has great deals for 7 day western carribean leaving from Tampa! Contact me for details!
just saw your mom at McDonalds..
"If things don't work out, call me.." OMG. LINDZI. HAVE SOME DIGNITY HONEY CHILD!!!!! BEN LOOKS LIKE A BABOON!!!
Sometimes I miss the innocent, uncomplicated, unjaded times of our youth.
I'm fucking tired of being sick about it. Stand up now and be a man about it...
Night Everyone
stashman..get some sleep man..once the little ax moves in...that's it for the sleep
Walking with my XL-size, aerodynamic-vented canopy umbrella in a light sprinkle feels a bit of an overkill
happy birthday to the lovely today!! Lunch at Archi's, yummiest Thai food ever :)
“: Burger King will go out of business within 2 years ..mark my words. Their food has gone from bad to worst" THIS is so true!
"Academy Award nominee Jonah Hill" still doesn't quite roll off the tongue well yet.
i kinda loved ur old life <3 I gotta admit I'm gonna miss it a lot nothing will be the same.. But I'll support u wherever u r
can u tell her to follow me it would mean the world to me
Drinking el Mole Ocho
Carlos Santana = Legend.
Look who joined Twitter!
Ah the glory years. For now I'll just settle for the playoffs.
Green is the way!
Have I been working too much or did we just skip spring and land a summer heat wave?!?
See, the team is PLAYING putrid. The players are far from. The problem is Smokes in the clubhouse.
I liked the Missouri line. I don't follow the other person that tweeted it, so it's all good over here :-) 'Twas funny!
I was standing right there haha.!
how u get his number ??!!
So soon as I'm done with these exams tomorrow ...I'm gone need a good drank!
I'm bout to be up all night. Damn
The feeling is mutual! RT : what's not to love about ?! They rock our socks off! :)
: Special acoustic show 2 February at 930pm. Location: THE RENAISSANCE HOTEL & SPA-HOLLYWOOD. New songs from the new album, and it's FREE!
": Thanks good Brother! Stay blessed 'til next time we meet."~We both will be blessed until and after then. Ttyl.
my parents wouldnt take me to LA for a concert.... :/
RT : MILITARY FRIENDS: only 15 active duty discounts left! Email now for details.
In line Foursquare has me at this location 33 times. This one starbucks! Dont tell my husband!
good one!
Happy 4th of July!
I just got back. But I'll be back again. I've got a ton to do... Hey, FB me your number and let's have a phone chat tomorrow.
Just saw a & Ike walking by from inside Work it, girl! ;)
I don't know you, but I want to. You strike as smart, savvy and downright visceral sometimes. My kinda progressive, keep it up!
I have a lot of friends here who are Beachbody coaches. Those of you who are coaches, what is your favorite part of being a coach?
like that
Wow, thanks! I'm really looking forward to reading it!
yes! We must :)
#UKAllTheWay #AllCatsEverything Let's go boys!!!!!!
#JesusSaysNo to letting Jews plug in their iPods to Christian iPod chargers
congrats to our friends from on an awesome kickstarter campaign! Can't wait to see what's next!
: ah. we had a memorial playing of Paul's Boutique before i headed out. (we will catch up soon! <3 )
”More than a Feeling” just came on the radio and my fingers involuntarily began moving. Played way too much Guitar Hero in college.
One day I hope you look back at what we had, and regret every single thing you did to let it end.
good luck getting it back in it's original cube form
Hi all!
In my inbox & will be included this week. Congrats, South VN is a good club but sounds like NAFC held up well.
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked dog ate my homework...
How long is Fall Break?
Try Strictly Roots in Harlem,they are great!
Blessed are the forgetful, for they get the better even of their blunders
Not going to lie i kind of like being a tease sometimes
thanks im going to need it lol
Good thing Kentucky beat Radford. I kinda pre recorded some sportscasts for tomorrow morning earlier today that said they did.
could you plzz plzz follow me ???<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> :D
it is not gone :)
my abs are hurting from laughing non-stop for an hour last night at 's show.
washing dishes<<<<<<
Power Yoga 7:00am tomorrow. Powerful way to start the day, or end one, depending on your lifestyle.
she reached out to do a piece on and interviewed myself for her Inked Mag. blog! Love her!
Still in bed being a lazy bum.
Touch screen keyboards are awesome
TONIGHT AT PALM GARDENS NFL CELEBRITY BASH MUSIC BY DOORS OPEN AT 10pm
Mint chocolates in bed. Breaking diet. Bad, bad lolo. Must work out for 6 out of next 10 days and get back on salad life.
Tornado warnings issued for Miami and Hamilton (Cincinnati) counties until 5 pm.
That was a good
im so excited to get a chance to work on a story about dog fighting
I told him I was likely wireing cat-5 throughout the house to put u-verse in each room, maybe that was a mistake
hey mama just checkin in on you...saw the show it's going to be crazy this season
Anyone who doesn't enjoy "Call Me Maybe" is a communist.
I expected one arm push ups from you.
HEY GEORGE!!!!!! Whad up whad up, miss all of youu guys!!!!
Planning to wait it out for a table at ' tonight with !
The penguins say they want pizza but they just eat the anchovies off and leave the rest.
Thanks for the follow!
This must be the best #FF for Just found out the #kardashians follow her. It's also the worst day ever for her boyfriend.
“: Dude, chill. It's P.E not the Olympics.” this reminds me of Sarah and mason :D
Worldwide LGBT Civil Rights March (Washington DC) - April 21, 2012. Be a part of it! Thousands in attendance.
wow, the delay on the iPhone app is enormous. I just heard that from Sterling. Stay warm, Kim!
I get the Neal hit wasn't good but IMO it was charging just like schenns should've been. No? Only difference was ash reacted.
Enjoying this pretty spring day!!! Hope everyone is having a great day : )
Colts, "Hey Tressel, interested?" JT, "do I have to enforce any rules?" Colts, "we have a commissioner to fine players." JT, "then YES"
Today we will pass 1k DLs of #ExperienceJoeRogan Thank you to for the help and all and fans!
#tu320 Constant Partial Attention = new "multitasking"
Sick again. :( It's like I'm sick for a few days and then I get about two weeks before I'm sick again. blaah.
Ha! I will accept your apology when album #2 comes out. :D
I'm wit it wit it wit it
My mom keeps Saying texans are gonna choke I told her Shes a liar
I Gave Up EVERYTHING For Who I Loved ! But I Lost My Girl. . . To Some Groupie Love !
congrats girly! I loved it there when I visited, you're gonna have a blast in Cali!
So glad you enjoyed it!
Congrats to the for closing out the Western Conference Finals in 4!!! Awesome, awesome job guys! #allin Get it done in final
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~ David Brinkley
the article said indefinitely. Probably for the season
School is open
figures I just misplaced mine somewhere in my house. Landscape's nice, but I need a "Find my Kindle" feature! :-)
You are the first person who has been able to make my heart beat slower and faster at the same time.
Making 'kraut now RT : saurkraut one is interesting - makes me want to eat more kimchi & banchan!
yeah same here I was just trying to avoid the mall.
hi I really adore you and want to talk to you. If you have a chance that would be awesome! I know you are really busy!!
This shits getting like a horror moviee.
Dealing with my boyfriend in law school #incollege has been a challenge. I think I'm going to channel it into an epic #VoxTalk blog post.
Congrats to your boy from flight of the concord on his oscars win these guys took it far..
#YouGetPointsIf you're a
Already an important homestand this week for the #Brewers. 6 gms against the NL Central, starting with the #Reds. Need wins & health.
We're becoming mindless drones with our eyes glued to a 4" screen.
pussycat, pussycat, I love u!
that's normal for you because your always up till morning LOL
I want pizza and hot wings...
Funny... Some girl that looked like a ring girl just ran across the stage.
thank you for the info. I will check it out.....
I'm restless, can't get this off my chest, now its time to decide. Is it worth this or worse yet its worthless and I'm wasting my time.
Thanks! Here's to fine wine and good reads.
That's awesome! Glad you enjoy it! :)
pleasure! & ty too. Good school went there myself 4 a while now daughters there. Good ol Lubbock. lol nice 2 meet u. God Bless
I'm sorry I'm not perfect I can't do everything right like you do
but it pays off.
High on the list of depressing things: watching a pregnant woman walk into McDonald's.
Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. Tao Te Ching, via << get some good news for a change!
Why do they hire these bi polar Chicks to hold serious Jobs lol?
I can't believe I'm actually sitting here listening to Dreamchasers 2<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Frankly, it's like: Johnny likes Mexican food, and Sue likes Mexican and Chinese, but Danny won't eat Italian. Where should they go?
Wow...US CTO restrained tears telling how healthcare advances helped treat his newborn's ventricular septal defect.
every time I eat at Freddy's I get sick. so why do I keep going back?
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a gift, that's why we call it the present.
I went running for the first time in over 2 years. My legs aren't gonna work in the morning.
My rep called Michelle Rodriguez's rep to talk about Road to Sturgis and they said not interested before they heard about it.
Missed a couple days running the Roomba. It is judgementally pushing candy wrappers out from under the couch.
White folk are funny when it comes to black hair lol they pet me like a dog... 0_o
Thanks! I almost got the Celeb Widget, but then I got scared... I think I may still retain a small tech phobia :)
Aging & Health has a lot to do with how you enjoy your Retirement. I hope to share why & how "UcanRetireEarly" to Live & Enjoy Your Dreams
“: I think Viola is gonna take this.” definitely!
Happy Mother's Day! I have the most amazing mother anyone can ever have <3
if I can ever get my hands on an Astro Video Prowler or clam shell Shock Waves it would make my year.
I'm having minor surgery today. I'm a little scared, it's my first surgery of any kind!
It disturbs me that the only person you follow on Twitter is I'm not shocked. The hair toss won you over?
Oh yea... I could use some new followers!!
Finished with the gym! Has great morning workout sessions! Gonna eat than back to the gym!
If yo bank account doesn't have at least 1 comma, you're not ballin
as if i don't have enough trouble sleeping...
What up tho
Oh, guess what? You're never going to guess! Omg. this is such exiting news. omg. like, you wanna know? gurlll! werk it!
I gave +K about Food on
Alright, Alright, Allrriigghhtt....# random
why the fuck am i up so early ??
Go Follow Now
just did it
The guy at the gas station just used one of those pens on my $20 bill to see if it was fake...
John Solly plays tonight at 7pm! Don't miss out!
ASIDE FROM THE BREAD AND PRETZELS
That's our new favorite line from Carolyn Haywood's book "Penny and Peter." It has occasioned much hilarity this afternoon.
Good job boys!!!!
the things you tweet sometimes are just plain disgusting.
Everyone calm down.
You were actually invited to the Letterman Show and you turned them down? What's up with that?
sprain? break?
do you guys do sunday morning airport runs?
it was great :)
#east #side tell I
I'm really Cool to talk to but I talk to most people on my other account
Rocking some Red House Painters on The Casual Geographer
Cameo appearance at the University Bowl coming soon
Holy moly! Hailing HARD!
drivin to the westside from b rip
Life is like a wave motion, full of highs and lows
Thanks for the follow! We love your KUSI appearances!
is #welovemamamalik gonna trend now or...?
Love the name. So...what do you do there?
Transact SQL & SSIS Developer position - Atlanta
3000 is a true achievement. Congrats!
Maybe this Friday?
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. #Shakedown”
RT CHICAGO. Come hang w/ us at 103.5 KISS FM today at 2:30pm! (233 N Michigan Ave) We'll have tix and meet & greet passes!
Where did the warm weather go?
I love road trips omg :)
Missing my ex Miguel
no Austin no my life is officially ruined my dram was to meet you 1 more time before I left next year but your leaving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
hey, would be happy to see a show sometime. we're both in LA so lets make it happen. let me know when youre playing & where
RT Have A PS3 With YLOD? You Can Easily Fix ThatFor Only $30 -- Don't Send It To Sony For $150 And Wait 6 Weeks -- Chk It Out...
where my invite
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SPREAD THE WORD
Thanks for the reminder to drink water!
22. I LOVE CLASSICAL MUSIC!
Listening to the Show podcast archive. Nice!
give credit where it is due,Cards looked damn good tonight,I hope to play them in the final 4 to see if Chane thinks it is a piece of cake
is it really that big of a gap? It seems more like Lawrence where some say Women in Love and others Sons and Lovers
NEW MUSIK COMIN A.S.A.P....IM NEXT UP!
when I meet Austin: "hey I just met you & this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe ;)"
Thank you so much for the follow! Peace!
Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe & B TRE Drink specials all night long
For the life of me, I have no idea why it's national news when a college coach is fired. Big deal; hire a different overpaid gym teacher.
BROADWAY BAR "NIOSA" BUS PARTY TONIGHT !!! I DONT THINK DOWNTOWN IS READY FOR THESE CRAZY PEOPLE :0 !!!!
Watching streaming live at obmcc.org. Check him out for some great word.
My boss then lost his damn mind....bitch ass nigga gne throw some keys at me n snatch papers out my hand!! I bout to lose my job.
haha nice. did you dropbox yours? cause it didnt let me.
It's Friday
I love tacos!
I didn't listen long enough to get a name. However, I do have something for you to make your day brighter tomorrow!
hahaha I feel that. It is a one sided game lol
You're *
PUT ME IN THE LOOP BAD NEWZ,DRUGS & BWILDS PROD.BY BWILD FOLLOW NOW
Sergeant Kabuki Boner
Okay, I think I've made my choice. I just played "the game" a little more than I like to.
where u sitting? Look for the blue blazer ;)
Happy Hour and tour of Language ETC tonight! 6pm at 2200 California St. NW. Look forward to seeing you there!
10 for $10 bell peppers at safeway = I just ate an entire pepper and didn't even feel bad about it.
#nw | Bridesmaids <-- This movie will never get old.
These next couple of months are looking like hell right now. I hope I'll get through this.
A drunk EWE...actually, a tipsy goat...
There's some things that no matter what you tell yourself or how often you remind yourself that you just can't control, its primal...
Presenter query on methods & pedagogy concerning: "Space as intersection of cultural & social movements." Interesting use of iPod.
You should definitely come hang out at CfA.
im good bra u still balling
I AM SO SICK OF HOW STUPID U.S. DEPT OF EDUCATION EMPLOYEES ARE! IT MAKES NO SENSE!!!!
very nice Daniel. Don't worry about what's been done or not been done. Do it your way and own it, as you did with this one ;-)
He'll be writing prose in a week.
We promote the best music
good to see you today!
Excellent choice! We hope to see you back soon!
When the Mets are up, no one watchin, people go to shake shack, fart... changes wind direction to directly at home plate.
How about Team Knickers?
My optimism for this team has gotten swept away as fast as a trailer home in an EF5 tornado.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit. Peter Ustinov
Sample 23Things "fail": not getting staff buy-in first
I'll check it out...
I'm studying some anthro too. You're preparing for the exam, I'm preparing the exam ;-) Happy visit!
And SynTETic wins another ensemble award. I believe the word is "shocker."
Honored. Quivering with glee.
Visitors. Shoppers. Artisans. Craft aficionados. You ready?
I love you wifey!!
New phone!
This convo is making me super hungry.
I see you too! #lawlz love this class... Not
Got a number tonight. Alrigh alright alright
“: - And FYI we had a convo about not licking the ice sculptures a la A Christmas Story. cc: #gnice” HA!
I have like no followers, I guess it can only get better from here.
People on Vinny's wall are starting drama by correcting other people's spelling! ~Ashley
"Lil bitch ass thug douches" = Not Me
When you get to the dealer ask for a Carfax report
"Why Would You Do Without?: The Indispensable Colon and its Role in Catchy and Descriptive Presentation Titles" Colon=success
Are you wearing your green today? Tweet me some of your #StPatricksDay pics!
Think imma hit my favorite spot tonight
no I won't be there :( Just saw on FB you were coming up. I didn't realize you were coming!
Sorry about the head. I would have high fived you as well.
Griffin going coast I like that
My computer says it doesn't support PowerPC applications and therefor can't open TMBG Clock Radio! OH NO! SOS! ACK! & what have you.
gonna hang out with attack attack tonight! saweet!
CONGRATS IN THE NEW SPOT CHIEF. HEARD IT WAS MIAMI VICE 2012.
short term.
I hate when my phone says I have full bars but nothing is loading..
what where???
“: nobody cares if you look like an ostrich when you show up big for game 7” lol!!!
haha, said the Devil.
Pakistan has sharply criticised the USA for a missile attack on Wednesday in which six people were reported killed near the Afghan border.
For every action lies a consequence
Headed off to Johnson Trail in #DeathValley #NationalPark today.
soft drinks are for soft people
I hate it cause of drama
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "TYPHOON" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Put on my party dress for party in Beverly Hills & ended the night by devouring 7 delicious street tacos. Oh yes.
But hand-buttered with creamery butter, right?
omg we are so hot.
I MUST NOT speak like a specification. It is RECOMMENDED to speak like a normal human.
RT : main justification for app is making use of advanced native hardware features. Camera, Accelerometer, File System etc
you know you wanna drink
has been involved in #lrmi and their mailing list is fairly active
hehe yeah! :D
I'm really glad I'm not a member in any way shape or form of the Kennedy family.
it is so freakin hot out 2day!!
The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step but personally I'd prefer to sleep in.
I really want to keep reading my horror novel. I also really want to sleep tonight. Which road to travel?!
Yeah the thunder can shoot all these shots, but at the same time the lakers gotta keep the game within reach
my friend who won the race isn't even on email. Sean "Run Bum" just ran it the day after Ray Miller 50 and he is on Facebook.
I HAS FEETS!
Seems like a good time for to wake up now. Nice stand by the D. Let's see if we continue to have rubber hands.
Be here now
Todays #drake song of the day is Find Your Love.
There's no cure for a ugly heart
Always nice to get affirmation from people I respect that my feet are on the ground when it comes to distributed computing.Thanks
I'll start ruminating on what I want the letter to be about.
i'm shittin on ya whole life
30% off all sale items!!! Today and tomorrow only!
just never know
Are you at the choir concert?
Hell yes. RT : Schoolboy Q concert is gonna be off the wall I'm pumped
It's called TJ Oyster Bar
and individuals can be prosecuted for crimes committed in the territory of states who are parties, even if their state is not.
WHY YOU GUYS NO VIP ? LOL .
My sweetie is taking his mom on the boat today. Wish I didn't have to miss that. I'm working...
Good to follow one another on twitter.
It's just one game, we'll win this series
Assigned my Public History students to review a historical documentary and one suggested a 1980s topic. Is is history? Yes. Sigh.
i was thinking that, but i contacted some students i know and theyve all received their grades. i sent her an email, so we'll see
And it's raining?!
I don't think I'd ever get a line in LGB tho, so it's bottom on my list. Commuting there would be a lot easier tho...
Who is the best window cleaner in NM? You bet your glass I am!
I have measured out my life with 100 calorie packs.
Found out my sister got into a fight, lls she really be showing off when I'm not there...
This argument is getting heated on ESPN. Listen, at the end of the day this is football. Its a contact sport and lets not act otherwise.
you look fabulous girl!! Hope you had a great night! :)
Indy Conference Early Registration discounts end tomorrow - so register today for the only conference devoted to the Indoor Sports...
people are saying I got it and others are saying they got it cause it's was two against one. I think I did good for two vs one
clear? Where are you looking? Gray and cloudy in Beaverton/Hillsboro.
Your health-related tweets inspire me.
About to hit up #FortMason. San Francisco lifestyle is pretty legit
If Chad Durbin is on this team Friday then I'm done.
They should offer frosting as a topping on coffees.
when ever your ready bro and with any of my artist! U got that
God is love<3
LOVE your dance moves during the break ;)
Good luck at PHL - not a pleasant place...
Paul: Uninsured man in coma should "do whatever he wants to do." Asked if society should let him die, TParty crowd yells "yeah!"
heck I'll buy a case and never sleep.
and we don't see her until last period on Monday.
Please Follow Back (: ILY So much ..
and both put on an amazing set today as part of . #PDX rocks.
Congrats on the new space Chris, It looks Fab! cc
you're in.. be sure and like us on FB
#GetReady Special Guest announcement
Another enjoyable & effective team session w/ a long-time client. Some good breakthroughs! Need team coaching? Email
You like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime
is cheering for you! Let us know if you need more #MagicCookies. Lets get it done tonight!
I want to give a shout out to For following
And add an oil change to that list. Hoorah!
2 umbrellas in mine please :-))
I know! RT : Three days before
Practicing counting backwards from 10 to 1.
ok ok no prob (:
Who has people in Denver? We gotta hightail it out there STAT!
Thanks! Same to you :)
she's a star if i ever seen one, a perfect ten and lord knows i need one
Nice BackGround (;
bring it
At this point I'm surprised Jesus isn't one of the headliners.
lol don't go to sleep you go on your DM (:
i aint saying anything you have a nice body your destroying it with greasy food though lol
what'd they say!?
Well fellow GBer's... looks like we'll be spending A LOT if time together in Sept!
Just listen to Nas.
Almost to 800 help me get there?
Really? Great topic. What term do they use instead? Can you send me an example.
I tried returning the favor link does not work sorry.
Paul's Guild acoustic has busted and been put back together so many times - it's surprising we still use this thing at our shows...
Crazy!RT : Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number u started with. Your answer is three. Mind=Blown
lost two followers.... like i care lmao
My dog just ate my cotton candy. Jerk :(
Is 2012 the year you want ALL your money 2 start building wealth 4 yourself and not someone else? Join me 2 learn the how and the benefits.
They say don<U+FFFD>t believe your own hype, but if U don<U+FFFD>t why would any1 else? 2 B great U have 2 believe U can do great things-Charley Johnson
A-Rod is the goat.
Also sadly amusing in Douthat's column is favorable comparison of US political climate/violence to Pakistan's. Oh, now I feel better.
Did you know #bcfootball AD Gene D is two inches shorter than Napoleon?
I'm with you! I love the character (she's pretty bad ass) and the music is wonderful.
I got a ring! I got a ring! We got a what..We got a Ring!! Them was doin the damn thang at the parade!! with the salsa!!
Don't forget , she's another of those Fox News "liberals".
if you cant say anything good well you know the rest i hope.lol
Just what the world needs, another #Duggar baby! Because 19 babies is just not enough. Love how some people get 20 babies and others get 0.
If the #Pens go on to win, remember that save by Fleury at the 19:00 mark of the 2nd period. That was an incredible save.
Acquia released it's new Drupal package "Acquia Drupal" today. It provides a well tested and supported version of Drupal and key modules
#fycchat For any higher ed instructors, what ped. training did you receive; was it effective? Compiling anecdotal responses.
You're very welcome!
anyone see new laron landry pictures? look it up
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes... I fell..HARD
Get off of Facebook and come down to Rice Park to enjoy the delicious foodtrucks and great music by McNally Smith!
“: My students think I am hilarious. I don't know if they're laughing at or with me.”
you aren't black because the color of your skin
Thanks for sharing with us! We'll put you in the random batch o' names for when we pick ITunes winners later. Any ideas on worst album?
Just Do It
lmao it's true!
Fuck this school bullshit. When is
Thank you for rejoining TBS and repping bald people everywhere..I'll be with you shortly :)
Me and my girl Kamala were watching MTV and Kurt Loder broke in and we just started screaming. Moms was like, "WTF are you screaming for?!"
#Wake And Bake Dat Loud
no go to Camden I'll drive you
hitting the links. raise a can for a good round
i like your work. very nice photography
morning to all! on da grind!
: I wish I was laying in bed with you. #yeshomo « YES PLEASE! "You're horny, let's do it! Riding! My pony!"
Anyone on campus going to the midnight breakfast?
you would like that tweet...lol.
Big props for for honoring me "Editor Choice!" I love the crew of two bright lights. They rock!!
Come out to the Fern Park Sam's Club this Saturday, May 28th from 10:00 am- 3:00 pm for a great car show that benefits local kids!
I think that's the date. I'm on the show, too.
HELL YEAH! I'm gonna get the lime green leopard printed ones next
ya haven't you heard?
What are your top songs for the Carnival season?
uh, not in a hitting-on way, dads just seem to prefer it for some reason
As a notMitt, I can say Ryan's endorsement, & what he actually said, was the best that Mitt could possibly get.": value #tcot"
Women are like police, they can have all the evidence in the world but they still want a confession.
Takin the ap test tomorrow glad i dont hav to see dr kinsman
Lost something in the #IUPUI library? Check the library's lost and found at the Circulation Desk. We have a ton of lost flash drives.
Somebody once defined a "tradition" as anything that has happened to a baby boomer twice.
Favorite drink at Red Door on Damen...(other than a good ole' gin & tonic) the Pico Sour!
brings my wonders to thy ears of such enjoyment of your day proceeds
Hey look, I got an #FF!!!! Oh wait. That was just me from my other account. #lilmissunpopular ;)
cant wait for the movie(:
#ThingsThatAreSEXY A confident man going to a business meeting... that just had his shoes shined
Hispanic for the day
Our hearts go out to everyone affected by the quakes and tsunami
nothing hurts as much as seeing/knowing/hearing/watching your true love being really happy with someone else...
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
The Countdown to 2011 Official Fam/Island Def Jam. 2 releases from Sin Cere by island def jam coming soon.
Want to compile a monthly Teaching Carnival ? Please email me billiehara We're waiting for YOU! (July forward is open)
Four likes til we celebrate our 100th like with a FREE tanning session for our lucky #100!
tweet me maybe? :D <3
That's dedication!!! Awesome!!
I have a prob wit wantin to help everyone b4 i help myself... Smh
entertaining my visiting parents and enjoying 6 days off. Sweet.
i really need i boyfriend
We think so too! Just wait 'till you read her 2nd book this fall :) MT : Guadalupe Garcia McCal () is an amazing writer.
#ThingsThatINeed TRUE Friends
started Monday
I need to watch that. I was so excited I stopped watching the feed and started jumping!
"Let us not wish for lighter loads, but for stronger backs" - T. Roosevelt. What do you whine about w/o looking at upping your capacity?
Coffee is not just a beverage...it is a cup of liquid sanity~
.... Fuck u kno how long it will take to put clothes on these bitches ... Fuck it
how are You today?!
Love this: "I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution." Werner Braun
Give the #gift of a new #Bathroom, #Remodel! #Granite countertops, #tile flooring, #cabinets...www.allstategc.com in
Thnx for the tweets about Pokatok. We appreciate it!
sack up
I bet he has. He isn't around all the losers in the Oriole organization.
Contemp Artists from South Asia, face a challenge of defining their identity as CITIZENS and ARTISTS in a multi-cultural www.zanbeelart.com
am I that predictable? ;)
your getting old
Thinks the format of the plenary might be broken.
Hasta pronto #TWITTERISTAS ! Go bed:) Tweet dreams xo;)
this one's not a secret ;-)
Getting so close to the 3 day weekend!! Can hardly wait!
C'mon ! Let's get number 6 in a row tonight.
thanks bestfriend!!! LOVE AND MISS YOU <3
Chipotle! How do you do it? Bowl or Burrito? I want to know your favorite ingredients, so I can taste what you like. ;)
Awesome show tonight really gonna miss this week but well be fine since we're going on tour next weekend. @
#giants are being slowly bunted to death. Quite lovely really
what's the marathon for?
Aw poor Puck!:(
So if you really want to tell him, you will eventually (:
I think I'm losing my mind.
how can I get in?
defense*** Looks like I'm avoiding that word completely
Oof. Rough night. Hope your day goes better.
Any indoor courts to ball today ?
I'll be lurking during #nptalk today, very interested in seo but working on a grant proposal!
Follow - great new dispensary on south broadway. killer product and deals like what.
There are far better things in the world than me.
nothing says devoted like spending 40 + nights at a ballpark without your husband or kids... Perception is reality Front Row
RT : Hm. I'm 8 books behind on my 2011 reading challenge. Need some great books under 200 pages. Suggestions welcome! Pls RT?
Some days I HATE email.
I just read Bartleby with my students! I would've preferred not to. (False.)
we seem to be circling back to "chief-learning" as modeler again. Nice!
FYI - Raeanna was expecting ya'll She started brewing your Tea even before I could tell her about your Tweet
Looking for recommendations... Who you reading online lately?
Laughter in in the Held Auditorium simulcast as professors on the platform take pictures of
These niggas are not making testing interesting -.-
Love hearing that OHIO cheer around the superdome!
Happy Wednesday facebook/twitter fam!
Is it bad that I'm at a dare graduation....and I'm hungover
At least we can agree on that. MT It is certainly not ok to discriminate on the basis of race.
Maybe will be a prophet, and we'll hear about Doc Sadler getting hired at KSU, next.
I love you.
sounded like a white Nintendo DS with zoom.
Guys how about you follow ? shes pretty cool <3
later gator!
Me, and a wine cellar to boot
After A Night 2 Dwell, #Maui Emerged As The Winner of My #Summer2012 Family Vacation! Thanks 2 All Who Swayed Me Back 2 The #Island!
The best part of coming home for Christmas is watching Judge Judy eviscerate liars.
i forgot to tweet
Congrats , , , on BIG series win over number 2 Florida!! Travel home safely
#Barcamptampa saw 379 people attend, that's a new record
RT : Pumped to chat video with you all next week. #revideo • Ditto! Thanks for being a part of it!
I think I'm old enough for a real relationship.
Is it me or has Waino lost some velocity?
both injury and no growth. Muscle can't repair and grow if you go too far.
Cannabis Crest - Cool new cannabis crest design
Life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being but one shouldnt take life of a lamb for the sake of human body. Go #Vegan!!
I wishh would say GOODNIGHT to me no one ever does
Happy Mothers Day lady. Stay positive and motivating. Love and miss y'all. If I could sing this tweet I would lol.
Agreed! I couldn't get anyone to go grab lunch elsewhere with me because "This is free!" :-| This food was gross. So gross.
Barney's Beanery..Happy Birthday Rich!
grrrl you got a lotta accounts now!
"Marriage rally" seeking to drag a fantasized corpse around the walls of the #Colorado Capitol today. See you next year.
Inches from the 1st down... Maybe millimeters
i spilled it on my crotch.
idk man, if gave me a fan call from the Boyz i think I'd like die. Right.there.
Calls also entail some pretty obvious response to the corp greed. For example, limiting corp. lobbyists' access to elected off
Montel Williams could play your older brother
thank you! there's a grad seminar on affect theory at UW that will be interested to hear what's going on there
You know, You really should follow me back.....What would it hurt, really? I like you anyway :(
oh really? I don't know why they do it.
Finally, a good workout after being sick!
#APowerfulPrayerToPray Lord, don't let me feel towards my enemies how they feel towards me. Let me be like Jesus and love them anyway.
had to miss it for the Badger game. Though maybe I should have made a different decision.
If someone is making "horrible rumors" about you, ignore it. They're just phishing for your password.
today I mean lol ie work x
how do I categorize a payment in my accounting software? Purchase? Donation? Make a new category?
Someday I will tire of Seinfeld reruns. That day is not today.
Tonight Ryan Roberts Trio w/ Matt Yeakley at the Federal Bar in NOHO. We'll be there, come hang out!
Tebow a Jet....Why?
RT : My zine is done. 2 hours of sleep in the past 28. I just got home. Time for bed.
hi alessandro,i'm your english fan :) u are amazing......
Me: "#Ableton Live....where have you BEEN all my life??" Ableton Live: "On your computer you asshole!" Me: "..........oh"
True. Will the gov know enough about poker 2 keep loopholes out that these sites might find to continue? Never know.
The national anthem is terrible! Boo... Really? The Fray?!
Q5: Don't stop until you get answers and start seeing real progress towards
It's difficult to be thin when you live for the moment. : }
you're awesome (:
Hey, I was just running with scissors.....
What he do? RT : G-Moneyy must think he grown or sumn. Ima have to put him on punishment
Thx Grant. :) RT : ive been a fan since I first heard a set of yours. Congrats on Killin' it!
Its cold in Washington too. I've got a fire going and a blanket. Lol
Found them!
Now, I'm just greedy. I want a buzzer beater. But, congrats to Purdue to upset St. Mary's
#newt will be happy to sell more books and go backto K st. #Paul just want to get a recognition for his ideas #Perry got talked into running
Thanks for the follow! I love your restaurant! It's in my personal Top 10.
what did the air writing say?
I thought I heard a plane crashing, but now I think it was your passion snapping.
you heard me
Kim I called the phone number you gave me and left the 4 numbers on his answering machine. Love ya. Say Hi to John for me.
going shopping. hit the cell if ya need me :)
he single handedly beat the Knicks in a playoff game THIS yr, on both ends.
The movie has been chosen: Triplets of Belleville! By a landslide vote! We hope to see you all at PZS Bike-In Movie with Whiffies!
my theory is having a "Beer Blog" means you've got an excuse to drink a crap ton of beer
Working on number sense, video taping for review by others. Mostly engaged, but could have been better (if I planned more). Sigh.
Thanks for your message! 7 PM is wind-down time & bedtime preparation here. My son is first priority. All the best! :-)
YES! I can get pretty mean haha especially when it comes to Justin bieber I'll defend him 4ever and always just like my boys
Arbonne strives to minimize the impact on the earth through the implementation of innovative/responsible environmental practices
photoshoot was a hit. Posting a few tonight so watch for em.
I JUST WANT MY PHONE TO CHARGE.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present. - Barbara De Angelis
There's a special place in Twitter hell for people who follow you just to get you to follow them back, pad their stats, then unfollow you.
so this is the future of Fiji ex patriots ... I love it
If it was up to you who SHOULD of won the #Grammys last night? Did you agree with the choices made?
Stop on over at a SCC & get a free extra espresso shot in your drink!
I got my coffee ready for the morning lol
I love to produce song after song it is so much fun!!
I need pictures of Farallone Islands foghorns from the 1880s if you have any.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love. -Carl Sagan
"I stopped at a drive-in for a bottle of beer."
Looks like another #GWC today.. Experience is amazing for those asking
Well we have it here! All 36 of our drafts are on sale for $2!!!!!!!
They are ashamed of themselves RT : they are silent because they are ashamed of me.
#RappersBetterThanDiggySimmons most rappers really
amazing right! #Bath is beautiful!
I'm watching the Grammys. One day i KNOW i will see you on there(: #Represent!
Wow bout time
"Who wants that honey. Let me out!"
Great op-ed on women and water "It’s time talk of statistics turned into talk of solutions" -
most definitely. And maybe a friend of mine.
Is there now?!?!
Congrats Taylor :D
Princianna Durosier - Bullying Hurts - Passion about the eradication of the social ill that is bullying -
Yikes! Wow that hurts. I hope you find something soon.
yay welcome to twitter my long lost Cali roommate. Hope your showing DC whats up!!
Everybody go follow She's so lovely, she's a Mahomie&Acon she's beautiful and you would miss out if you don't! <AB
ur icon just made my day :)
Someone missed 's video... RT : Might be hitting up Madison tomorrow w crew.. Should be a great time..
Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.
Fatso's Pizza is on Twitter! Follow us!
Confiscated the cat's squishy ball. It is cool to have a cat that likes to play fetch but it is cooler when it's not bedtime.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to connecting
where are you???
Please see my answer on to: How long is too long for a judge to rule on a divorce/custody case? - These things ...
O_o “: Poking holes in your parents condoms so there's someone else to do the dishes.”
Welcome to the real world.
I was scared on account of the glasses but I definitely died a little when he started singing. I'm involved!
“Love is a desire for & adelight in the well being of the one loved;leading 2active&aselfsacrificingeffortoftheir behalf.”-Russell Champlin
emoticons should be included in every Tweet so as not to confuse things. ;)
Just returned from #AFSCME Women's Conference in Milwaukee. My exhibit on history of women in AFSCME got a lot of good traffic.
WMYB was playing at the pool at Circus Circus. Boyfriend started singing :)
Thank you for all you've done in the world of #MMA. You will be missed.
How all the basketball players & soccer players are fighting (x
I have almost a months' worth of daily comics waiting to be inked. "Buffer" sounds a lot nicer than "laziness."
im finna take my shirt off
One more chancee, biggie gimme one more chancee..
SURF REPORT: (Pacific Beach) 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high POOR CONDITIONS
Dave Hoyt of Timbers Army joins us on NWSports tonight at 7:05 to talk about team
I'll be happy again...cuz we know who loses.
Taylor & I are about to jam with a new drummer. Let's hope this goes smoothly. He seems like a nice guy
Inside the List - New York Times
Used to love #ArmyWives, but it's turned so formulaic w blah writing. Girl needs a good drama besides
When people cold call with "exciting opportunities" it makes me feel slimy. Send serious propositions via email please.
FUEL blogging live at the National Scholarship Providers Association #NSPA conference!
please send good luck tweets to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week! Great way to teach positive twittering!
The first weekend of Senior Week culminates in a "keg event". I wonder what that means.
Dear God, let me out of jail! Please! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 314
come over we have plenty of lamb to satisfy your appetite!
The #Badgers have hit 5 3-pointers in a row. Its raining 3's in Boston
I'm weaning myself off of caffeine. And by weaning I mean quitting cold turkey. The withdrawal headache is starting.
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
We think of our players as our friends & family so we invite all of you to the poker room to help us bring in the Chinese New Year tonight!
Why do I never get sat next to a hot guy on planes... #WheresTheHotties #NotNextToMe :(
Our Chat Night is today at 4pm: a fascinating discussion on females in gangs with special guest speakers from
Haha I'm going to the east coast on June 2nd and the 3rd! Quick trip though :(
we just tried our luck with 's quiz - 8 out of 10 - not too bad. The sports questions tripped us up, like always
AP reports President Obama to speak at high school graduation ceremony in Joplin
thanks man, it was an ordeal but everything worked out well in the end. :)
Now reads from MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE, opening in oldest Chinatown in Paris!
Pardoning the bad is injuring the good. - German Proverb
A pig's orgasm lasts 30 minutes. Some lions mate over 50 times a day. Would you rather be a #pig or a #lion?
sat down somewhure
Was that edition of Le Giornate del Cinema Muto really in 1999?
#IfDrakeWasOurTeacher *Drake What's Wrong?* Student nothing! "Drake i can see it in your eyes your angry.
Go Go Gadget. Inspector Gadget, Good times, Good times. Claw- scary depiction of evil, just the hand. Bloody specials till 5pm.
Drinking coffee in Koreatown listening to French Cafe music in the sunshine.
There was the BERLIN WALL and the GREAT WALL OF CHINA. WHAT WILL ARIZONA name their WALL? NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Let's get the baddest frontcourt in the land and bring in Orihaki
MMG is Like Tha Miami HEAT Ross Is D.Wade WALE is C.Bosh Meek Mill Is L.JAMES
Don't miss! Tomorrow afternoon from 4:30pm to 6:00pm. Ku Ha'aheo Evening Hula at our Fountain Stage.
Music transcends time.
You should be warned cause this is going a little too far.
#GOP 'RUNNING SCARED' like "Vampire Capitalist' hiding from "LIGHT OF TRUTH" shined on his despicable deadly deeds vs
Yeah dawg, I see you. Let's hit the gym one day. What gym you at?
Was great having you here!!! RT : Had the bestest time with at !!!! Love u so much!
"go bang your head against a wall" - Betty Draper! #RokuMom Lesson: Don't be bored around Betty.
Seriously bro. That was insane. #1 Rule of being a ref. Don't be seen or heard during the game...That was a D-Bag call...
Only 8 more followers to reach 1k! Help us spread the word and our mission!
Its so stupid that ESPN has a special releasing NFL schedules. I love the #NFL, but there's no need for this
Still waiting...
: SONIC. No one wants mints give us napkins instead!!!
BB: Mayer sets down the Stars 1-2-3 in the first. Eagles coming up to bat. Walker, Clark, Jaskulski.
I swear I first read this as being from Wendie Malick. Was going to crack "hot in" joke. But~ great pic!
Special #FF goin out to Go follow them. Seriously!
i cant believe darth vader is the avengers father.
" Is Al Cowlings driving your moving truck?"...no, but there's a bloody Tracksuit in a dufflebag.
Bouta Go et Sum More O.G HERIOJUANA, ICE, & MARS JUST HALF EIF OV EACH DOE GOT GET AH APPETITE
I figure even *they* got it right half the time.
Only got 2 right numbers on the lotto.
Loved the idea of a mansion for every state. Hated the idea of a dolphin embassy (seriously).
nope, but I like it!!!
if there was a fire in my house, I would grad 2 things: My kitten (Simba) :) and my hand signed Poster <3
How about we plan a crazy Chicago house party after Lollapalooza.....
Dairy and cheese makes me <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> my stomach hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
your preaching Sunday! Can't wait! :):)
And another one...
Alot of stores will b sold out of papers & 'gars today. And paper. Regular paper. For the amateur retards who don't wanna look suspicious...
I wish I still didn't know the definition of a subtweet. Now they're everywhere. Please stop.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) :) :)
R u mad at me
hopefully first or second week of July. #R ours is too :)
aw man! Gonna have to call it a night- drawing due at midnight. Anyone up for brekky?!
just accidental xed out the opportunity to follow jesus. . .. .
Thanks! You too. Enjoy the hump day.
Both. Tonight and tomorrow night !RT : : is american idol tonight or tomorrow night ?
A great beginning to the day. Psalms 30:10-12 Hear O Lord . . . Thou hast turned for me mourning into dancing . . . I will give thanks . . .
It was tough this year but I think you all got pretty close. Only think I would say Haley over Coleman. any reason why?
DUSTY IS AGGRAVATED WITH THE PRINTER AAGH
“: #WeWontWork if you act different around your friends !”
Pop tarts are not for sex
A big thanks to on his last day with the Oregon 150 team. Good luck in Seattle and thanks for all your hard work!
w/ the silver plan do I pick the abstracts or are they selected for me?
All-time fave.
Very lucky! When in June?
I hate when I go to bed and my mind is forcing me to remember the things that I am trying so hard to forget.
Ninth Suggestion, Life is so short and we never know what is in store for us. So always be prepared so that you won't have any regrets.
Tips:DON'T give out your Social Security number unless it is absolutely necessary, DESTROY any unwanted credit card offers.This A1 Shredding
Awesome job you're doing for Teens!!
I feel like there's gotta be a basic internet recipe for that. Skip the pectin, especially if she doesn't want a stiff jam.
you're right im really scared...april fools lol
I was doing yard work, then I found a wasp nest
I think it's time to refinance. have any suggestions mortgage brokers anyone?
round of applause how much do you love Jac?
if my cocoa crispier were in the bowl and I spilled the last of the milk I may cry. Lol
hey! how are you?
This Saturday today = Very Active wheeeeew.!
Haha SAME!! RT : Rolling around on the floor.
On my way to Chris Brown Concert!
Cut your hair for my bestfriend ; . her cousin is 6 & has brain cancer & has been fighting for 18 months.
Aha Won Tickets On The Radio To Go To Universal Studios & To Go Watch The Brand New World Premier Of Transformers 3
I decided not to start making inquiries about the whiskey cellar within the first 30 min of meeting the boss. I know, lame.
While everyone else is getting up and getting ready to go to school,I'm getting ready to go get my license!(:
hello there
Has anyone read Choker by Elizabeth Woods? I have questions.
home at last
"Uh.. can I come hide in your house??" -
Conjunction, Junction, what's your function? Hooking up words and phrases and clauses.
Ha! “: To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News. #GameChange”
Thank you for playing #GuessAnumber! Good luck!
So great to hear from you and this amazing shift!! Love it Glenn!! Let me know when you come to Miami!!
haha yep, I don't have to work that much next month, so I'll probably do a lot of writing within that time period
has the best tweets on twitter. Period
Why is it difficult 4 so many? Weaving in story is the art. 2 many name/rank/serial# lbls leave visitors out o/t equation
I get angry, frustrated,and irritated with humanity enough as it is. When people I know start eliciting those feelings, ugh. What to do?
Hear Interstates on the Syfy Channel's "Waverly Hills - A Haunting on the Hill" this Saturday!
Ok here we go today is the day! We all put in work and Steff in the building!
a hard boiled egg, baby dill pickles and a handful of pecans here. What???
thank you! we look forward to making a lot of progress for you to follow!
no I'm not lol and Im nothing watch it 2night lol
Hi Chloe. You're a winner in our Free Roscoe DVD giveaway. Contact us by direct message to arrange delivery.
April is autism month...I'm thinking there should be a month to bring awareness to genetic disorders. #xq28 duplication
Meet , the #startup which helps you to boost your romantic life at
Welcome to the show from it's The Tweet-dio show!
.: you will definitely be more comfortable that way
All these damn people with potential worried about proving ppl wrong you'll miss your success
Ready to get this recre done.
How do you choose your toothpaste? Expect more!!! No SLS! Low abrasion! www.closys.com/choosePaste.html CloSYS@ Walgreens
omgomgomg! I LOVE THAT FUCKING MOVIE !!!
hey ricky, it takes us just a couple days to process - sometimes goes out the same day. then it's in the hands of USPS.
'Bout To Start Working On A New Piece(:
Love seeing all my family
Know ye not that ye are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. - I Corinthians 3:16
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL <U+2665>
ur man is a scrub & im better than him in every aspect
pretty chill. Just trying to do some promoting! How about you.
Don’t miss #DrOz show tomorrow. We’re delighted for LIPO IN A BOX to be part of a segment on solutions for different body types.
Just watched my big fat greek wedding for the first time. Great movie, I cried but I do that on all movies lmfao
Audition time!
Behind those hazel eyes theres alot that lies
another Day another twenty cents
Biscuits and Gravey!
If you're talking behind my back, you're in a good position to kiss my ass!
Pre-Derby Party tomorrow
Are you interested in follow4follow? i will follow back. Try the promotion site on my profile, it's free.
I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass.
I love how people say something but their actions are completely different.
Michael Hunt: Suicides are more trauma for NFL | NorthIowaToday ...
any fangirls of bands that have never seen Taking 5 are missing out on an opportunity to plan an amazing thing
who wants a free t-shirt?
ITS 10:08 LEFT IN THE QUARTER.
No. They look like brother and sister.
ok you in your room right now?
Iv broke it!
"Will we get out of this little hell?"
if u already on it u need to get on that french montana coke boys 3 it's hard
Aw You just got us pregnant. RT: Just got done watching Loved it! Try to pry the smile off my face! Can't do it!
Shake It Off
I can't be on Twitter as much anymore. . . get caught up.
The dialogue on GIRLS is at times genius.
Ok i get it, i can be an asshole, get the fuck over it.
Hey that's on stage!
Let's Go Denver Nuggets!
"On Tap" is starting to take off. 4 segments in the can. Beer on the Boards this weekend. The "Oast House" hop farm on 4/14. Busy..Busy.
Maybe 3 inches of snow out there so far. Time to go shovel before the school bus arrives. Still coming down! Be safe Chicago drivers!
more like video days muttin chop questions!
I watched "Black Dynamite" last night & "Gentlemen Broncos" over the weekend. Fantastic films. Nice work editing & mixing, !
ye make sure to remind me
Don't forget...today's spring planting in the Village. Meet at Joe's at 2:00!
Can't believe tonight is my last night of Spring Break!
Pandora is trolling me and I am going to cuss out some teenagers soon. Fuck.
sucks to suck
Breaking: Michelle Bachmann becomes Swiss citizen. Millions of Swiss to relocate to Belgium.
Thank you
LOL!!! I'm on the same page...
I'm ready for Christmas!! :)
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers and mothers to be and those who may not be moms by brood but by actions! :)
The good man is the man who, no matter how morally unworthy he has been, is moving to become better. -John Dewey
#whosgonnalose - AFC playoffs - NY Jets at San Diego - Fricke: Jets will lose Landry: Jets will lose Team vote: Jets will lose
Energetic 2 days of training @ Clark Security this week. #Medeco & #KeyMarkX4 classes were packed! Awesome seeing there!
: Think might go insane when he hears what me and are creating in the studio!!
hugs back from LA :)
DAMSELS IS IN DISTRESS is easily as good as anything Whit Stillman has ever done.
Being Girly&Punk Mixed Is So Cute To Me^.^
A small world ! HNY back!
noone tells me anything around here!
where u at now?
When you need PROTECTION as danger approaches in your life, go to the secret place of the Most High & hide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Haha #YouWish .... jk its true ;b I want you sexually in my ass
I understand @ carrying books after BEA. Plz let know ur thoughts on Illegal.
3) Louis taught me to be myself, be a little mischievious and have fun.
"Unions are the other side of big money, they put boots on the ground" -Hon. Sheila Kuehl
Two fish-farming films to be screened at CU - Daily Camera
thats all you bro xD P.L.U.R.<3
On p337, judge lists problems w 2009 GA State policy: Needs to advise on length limits, assume that license offer weighs in pubs favor
#agreeded! RT : it was great meeting you ladies this afternoon. Love your vision
X amount of words - Blue October
Thanks for the recent follows! I look forward hearing from you all!
Agree!! #ScrewINSURANCE Those r a pain n the A$$
how do I get in touch with you?
I love people that use all caps, it's a nice way to let me know beforehand that I shouldn't listen to you
You are the best graduating buddy ever!
Tried forgetting about the sad stuff. Went on Facebook, saw the post that made me upset and now I'm back where I was 20 minutes ago. Sigh.
That doesn't surprise me in the least that you're getting tons of traffic - that feeder is awesome!
Did you know those little umbrellas actually serve a functional purpose? TO KEEP YOUR DRINK COLD??? give that guy a nobel prize
SUMMER. <3 Were gonna hang. ((;
I HAVE MY PHONE :')
Very Cheap Flights &amp; Best Airfare Prices | The Ultimate Collection Of ...
to see , MN transplant, et al at 8 tonight...
Noo this doesn't make sense WHAT
Huh? *confused by your last post*
My goal for memorization of pi (p) is 138 digits by march 14th so I can fill up one whole tweet with numbers on pi day.
Armored knights raised their visors to identify themselves when they rode past their king. This custom has become the modern military salute
": When life changes to be more difficult, change yourself to be stronger."
Your roasted & salted whole cashews are WAY TOO SALTY! Can you guys fix this?
If you're looking for lunch in Wicker Park, go get some tacos at Great food on a great Sunday!
You guys ready for the Red Sox to start up? Because us Bostonians are!! #BostonPride #NESN Follow back??
Also, mortarboards aren't "one size fits all". I had to have an XXL one when I got my BA.
Thank you thank you! Your support and others makes us smile! :)
Ah, yes.
I need to stop doing my nails before I go to sleep lol
i'd love to hear Jamez Anthony on
Fort collins tomorrow! house party at 1208 stover st, I'll play when the sun goes down
Relaxing day at home today! Planning on soaking up some more vitamin d later!
So excited for the Ignite Your Growth symposium tomorrow-follow posts
Israel continues illegal detention of thousands of Palestinians without charge
Alfonso Smith 4th stringer. Yeah, who?
#sotu Is anyone else sick of the clapping? its like we are watching a endless loop no matter what #POTUS says they clap! Sick of it already?
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
how you get an A- at your internship at the radio station?
I really needed that this morning... Thanks for that <3
I don't think I'm being overly dramatic here, but that might have been the worst episode of The Office I've ever seen.
Lets Strive For Greatness
good practice and new songs on the plate so thats cool.
Jesus. That's insane. Sucks that he had to drop out, but I have little sympathy for those who drive drunk.
Joey is so clutch down the stretch. He just takes over
Yesterdaiiye i saw madd ppl hating on and idk who the hell they are and stop this bulls*** I hate the crap they do Smh >_<
mmmhmmm- your probs the one always setting the alarm off :p hehehe
damn I forgot all about Michelle Branch lol
“: Being Amish would be awesome!” hahaha ironic!
Our 7th annual MS Walk is this Saturday May 5th at UC Irvine. It's not too late to join the coolest team at the walk ;)
Pitched the graphic Novel to who?! And congrats! Can't wait to read it! (btw: this is JD, on my new writer-y official twitter).
you're not playing that Team Ninja Metroid are you?
Loved seeing give a message of support to Hollie Cavanagh on American Idol tonight. Very cool thing to do.
The unreal is more powerful than the real, because nothing is as perfect as you can imagine. -Chuck Palahniuk
doing ok..just "living the dream"..lol thankful for another day here with all of the ones I love<3. How's your family doing??
Ben very busy these past days, If you'd like to receive my newsletter, message me. I only send out updates on His stuff & on substance abuse
I thought vacant meant that the restroom was occupied, so I sat there for ten minutes waiting for someone to come out.
Love delivering a finalized project
We're not social workers, that's not our job, our job is to figure what social workers need in software.
"I GOT A TRUCK LOAD OF FAKE PUSSYS OUT HERE... WHAT AM I GONNA DO WITH A TRUCK LOAD OF FAKE PUSSYS... I SURE AS HELL CAN'T FUCK EM ALL!"
My ear keeps sticking to the pillow.
hahaha.. I used to have that problem til I bought a payasyougo droid!
hey how are you? Te amo! Latin girls loves you <3 x
iam the jealous type
How exciting, congrats :)
were the NFL first team on twitter
Let's GO LAKERS!!!!
Just unbelievable game!! Miami crowd is out of loss for words. Never count Dallas out that's all I'm saying...
Awesome! I can't wait to see them!!
Peanut butter sandwich in one hand. Kindle in the other.
Welcome (and I hope you find time to continue your philanthropic work because that's awesome)
Loved chatting with my sister tonight. Brought a little love, positivity and faith.
BRAD PAISLEY IN 18 DAYS!!
I love you Austin!<3 too bad you aren't following your chains <U+E023><U+E413>
# Art of misdemeanour session, punk rock day at World Summit, rahr!
the only thing I don't like about my class is that some of them can't stop talking during the movie..like come on!!
you need to go to hollywood
Poker Icon Amarillo Slim Passes Away
Hey Darrell why did your house get raided?
Meagan Good looked really good in #ThinkLikeAMAn she should dress like that all the time
I love that song
Thank you. This is so beyond me K and some people have no ideal of what it takes to say with a true calling from God~BAMM.
If bitches could fly, my school would be a fucking airport .
I wish The Avengers would come out already. All the comics, my childhood will either be satisfied; or obliberated.
Professor T. Ford
I used to have 2,000 followers. Now I don't even have 200 lol
Eric Pio~ I am a poet. I lock myself in my room with a type writer so I can talk in terms of the world that has put me here.
We are seeing more and more call for meaningful participation from indigenous companies. - Mofe Boyo of
Need a Mother's Day card? We have some super cute and unique ones as well as the perfect gift for Mom!
Sounds like wld b combined w others.Has benefits-making friends in other states is valuable.Great way 2 compare skills
Did you know that #Scharcares is the mantra of and that they've been committed to the #GF community for more than 30 yrs?
sure! Will I get a good laugh? (:
Been there, done that so many times. :-)
Today's Insider Branding Secret via Rogers: "....challenges are opportunities, disguised as limitations...."
YES!! GET HERE!! RT : hahahaha.. OKAY!!! GET YO ASS TO SEATTLE.
To make a prairie it takes clover and one bee one clover, and a bee, and revery The revery alone will do, if bees are few. - Emily Dickinson
I mentioned this yesterday, but I will repeat that I have a superabundance of gunny sacks and am willing to give them to interested parties.
Taking a Look at the Philadelphia Eagles Revamped LB Corps - SB Nation
Playing football with my family :D, im the goalie >:)
and to win or succeed, you must risk losing. if you lose, you become wiser. =)
Geez I hate it when guys use steroids... It's fake. And gross.
thank you for the #SHOUTOUT!
do u guys have gothem sirens?
lets chill next weekend, I'll even come over. C: <3
and that's just one pair of Pointe shoes.....
so we played soccer today. glad to say i actually scored
This is true.
It would be really cool if gave a shout to me for being a fan since Hybrid Theory EP.
So far, different unis for Jazz but same results.
thank you!!
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
On the road to Baltimore for this surprise b day party...
Of the years I've been here, I've never really noticed an accent.
Art of Lyricism to be program at West Caldwell library - New Jersey Hills
Good morning Madison! Just finished our quiche breakfast. Ready to rid the world of union thuggery, one leftist bastion at a time.
hey justin im just a simple girl who has loved and suported u for 3 years can u please follow me ? I love u *__*
Time to go to bed now.# lol I forgot am not doing nothing in the morning.
If you only had 1 exercise you could do for the rest of your life, what would it be?
May be able to help. Describe symptoms better - what do you see when browsing to the .svc and to the .svc?wsdl ? Any errors?
damn I wonder what's the limit
i am so
okay okay no rebellion... *sigh* (:
bought Up all Night AND the yearbook edition!!!
we? How? Lol
Atleast the post office is never crowded.
Remember there's no such thing as a small act of kindness. Every act creates a ripple with no logical end -Adams
My tan lines on my feet<<<<
Raise it! Bring home the series victory tomorrow for a Happy Mother's Day.
Girl the line is wrapped out the door i guess imma just go to da orange sto lol RT : ooooohhhh I wanna come lol
sup wit tha kid? You ready for that Ceddy Nash
Have a fantastic holiday weekend everyone! I'm spending it making my own fabric headboard featuring an elephant and lotus flowers.
Dr. Biagioni of nyu: studying magnetic stimulation of brain to change how people with pd learn new motor activities #pairup4pd nyc
and a NICE 3 starts the game!!
Credit to DR for finding a pic that matched up RT : Lol!!! It's uncanny!!!
The hashtag discussion is a particularly difficult form to get a handle on and is a nice model for lots of the points in the book.
There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt
The 10 is screwed, in case you were wondering.
Hey NYU! We still in middle of #Phase3.Our current availabilities are in Brittany and Lafayette. The rest of our residence halls are closed.
yes, but kind of sporadic. We can set up our own thing at joe's. Thurs? I'll be out of town a lot this summer.
how do you deal with showing clients proofs from a 3:2 ratio camera if they may want 8x10's
Audition tomorrow. So long since I've auditioned 4 anything (don't get me wrong, that's a good thing), that I'm a nervous wreck! Tragic.
Smart, attractive girl is now in a relationship with redneck, douche-bro. Story of Facebook relationships.
Nomination Deadline for 2012-2013 ELAM Program is Friday, December 9th. Contact the Office of Faculty Affairs for more information!
Thanks for the shoutout Nina! Enjoy the show!
Board committee is beginning its public hearing tonight on FY13 budget proposal. Many teachers in attendance.
Fine! I'll go get groceries! Ugh. What's the status on those Jetsons food tablets? Thanks for nothing, NASA.
Wow....Uhh...no mom it's not that funny please stop laughing like a hyena.
": Wasp venom contains chemicals that will alert other wasps to join in & sting the victim."
Morning Rockstars! > The soul of conversation is sympathy. - Thomas Campbell
Twilight is like soccer. They run around for 2 hours, nobody scores, and billions of fans insist that "you just don't understand
I'm in Alexandria VA
my nephew is funyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
A friend told me I have a healthy outlook on life which meant a lot especially since I often feel like I'm around too much toxic energy.
Ah, toot toot!
un hour
Being in a relationship is hard as fuck, you don't always agree & they sometimes do shit where you be like WTF !!!!
you in Springfield?
LA is in August =)
I really miss Picnik not gonna lie. I don't know what photo editing site to use now ugh.
R.I.P. to Chuck Brown the Godfather of GoGo Music if people don't know DC music craze
Pin It button appears to work just fine!
MY JERSEY IS ALREADY IN CHICAGO and I really seriously need to stop creeping on the tracker...
#quotes What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
I KNOW your nose is on point for sure!
Did Fenway on Saturday... Did Freedom Trail today! :)
just ate a lotus root chip
Thanks for the FB! so happy to meet more RVA peeps on the tweet!
*cough* November .. :) RT : 5 hours until my astrologer appt! It's nice to count down to something that's not 142 days away!
I just fell in love with all over again!
Don't know if I can do this job too much for me
you're a hero!!! thank goodness for people like you.
Jeff Gordon is having no luck at all.
whenever you want!
Hoping new opportunities will open up in about 45min.....
My phone's dead.
Seeing The Avengers with my homies!
COME OVER THEN :D haha jk i just busted a mission to get Black Ops o.o
Thanks - I hope you like it :)
"Its not being gross, that's how friends talk when they're comfortable" - just informed my friendship reached the gross level. Can't wait..
that pictures not the best. Hahaha. New one next time!
Why did you changed?
my dorm's teacher put me in room 11.5 and I don't like that room. I hate it all
To understand recursion you must understand recursion.
Even if our times are packed withbreakthroughs, it's great to know that some things remain natural, esp products that we put on our faces.
I just sneezed so hard I'm afraid is gonna think I'm throwing down.
Most people who are as attractive, witty and intelligent as I am are usually conceited
Got love finding shit out last minute
Oh lawd. Why do they spread them so far apart?
WELL maybe you should follow me too :)
come to tallahassee,fl tomorrow so we can chill. Crazy enough?
doubt it.
Thanks Jeff, enjoyed speaking with you today!
I don't believe in living life expecting the worse.
Snow in Austin? Good time to catch up guitar strap work I guess. Stay warm folks.
I would have, but you looked like you were "almost there."
wassup. Love you wanna go get sum food hun
They banks are trying to talk up the property market. We should revert back to a multiplier of three when issuing mortgages
I need to eat something asap
Concern revolves around upcoming grant applications. Evidence of progress must exist for d60 to keep getting state support.
Not until the 17th :( It is dead week here. When are you done??
re #Casablanca - more about the on set atmosphere, all those background actors who fled Europe who played refugees onscreen
u going right now?
What shall I do tonight??? Literally have nothing going....
Goodnight, Tom
This is true
Love group singing lessons !
When ur in love with something u will never give up on it. Only thing I'm in love with is Music!
lmaooo but many don't go lol
You are awesome!
Why do highschool boys have nintendos
“: FUCK!!! We lost but it was a good game”yes!
I don't understand it, but it doesn't come naturally to me. Skeeves me.
Posting for direction
It's official... Join us tomorrow night at the new Mosaic - Des Peres at 5pm for dinner & cocktails. See you soon!!!
Did you know that 52% of adults w diabetes have arthritis?
#Ignite-at core-B2B marketing drives inquiries to sales-how to manage and nurture
Black Friday @ walmart is krazy!!
Fort Hood area, Killen
hahahahaah im weak, some kid at my school said he "KNOWS" he can rap better than Waka Flocka....... *crickets*
Ramblings of the mind.
So Much to do... so little time. Pre-Production for "Matter of Choice" Less than a week away!!!!!
Visited the Museum of Broadcasting today for Museum-A-Day for #mnmuseums Museum Month - Was amazed by what a gem it is! I must return w kid!
Looks like a full house for the #VMwarePEX general session
It is a great day to be alive and a great day to start living! One more Amway representative that is going to save tons of $$$
Kim, my wife and I will miss you. So poorly handled!
"Noise, noise, noise, smokin' weed , doin' coke, drinkin' beers. Pack er ass, my good man. Time to head over to Atlantic..."
Being there for your friends >>>>
Hate ppl that walk around with they eye brows up like df yu surprised for
RT : Congrats to our Seattle Sounders on a great first season!! lookin forward to '10!
Omg. makes me do frustrated.
Today I re-learned a word that terrifies me in its potential for applicability to me: solipsism.
I'm all about that fuken bread
yeah, it makes it feel very cozy
Interested in helping someone who is struggling with finances, become a mentor. Training in the Chicagoland area on Feb 25, DM
#Prettylittlethings is played by the talented Mike Reeping.
Sipping mascoto feeling nice@!
Congrats on winning iHeart Radio Rising Star!!! I voted 25x every day :D
RT I just don't see it yet. #SSSS1 <-- Thats because youre a grey beard Ray ;-) OUCH
thanks for sharing your conference plan - i'm looking forward to The Future of Museum Educators
BITCH SAY ONE MORE WORD I'LL RIP YOUR THROAT OUT the lips of a coward speak so well the words of the bave now I'll watch you take your GRAVE
The Save A Lot must be streaming the local college radio station, they're playing Smoke by Ben Folds Five.
oops.. And I get to skip school and you don't muhaha
It's #TacoTuesday everybody! You know what that means... #cheap tacos to go with your $1 #Bartab drinks!
Have a great Saturday :)
Hahaha... they have all cops on Price is Right and one of the prizes was a Doughnut Maker
Back in class tonight! Mane's floor barre kinda changed my life. 4 hours total of dance tonight aw yeah!
Join us tonight for our April GBM at 7pm at GWUL. Come learn how to "Power Up Your Career!"
hey Wuz up
I am constantly updating twitter and facebook. I gotta stop that. No one curs.
really did looks just like u lol
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by walking out of it.
This Friday is lookin god.
Loving the TL re: why would a man want a woman tht thinks like a man? I'm asking the same q'n? They've got friends who already do!
Oh right it's javascript I forget I can monkey patch whatever I want!
The Groupons are selling fast you better get one quick. Only 3000 being sold $7.00 for $15.00 worth of Fresh great Food!!
is a morning ritual, couldn't start the day with out it
Interesting. Must be a small dog thing. We keep Foxy and Fawna naked while they are just chillin inside.
RIP Randy Rhoads, it's been 30 yrs, u are not forgotten!!! You can't kill rock n roll!!!
RT Anyone know how I can score free shwag from #wordpress #drupal #omeka or others to pad our offerings at #THATcamp Columbus
So, you'll have to save that chocolatey snack for viewing NEXT week's Tuesday's Child...
Great commentary during your panel. I kept thinking what digital humanities would have to offer these commentaries.
Can't beat the day! Loving it as it progresses!
starting to get anxious again...
I always sign up for sweepstakes even though I think there dumb # kinda winning
RT : Who’s your favorite WordPress web host? --> , but obviously we are a bit bias :-)
Is there another color?
state and grand :) by the Mastro's !
Shoe shopping with the madre she knows how to make me feel better
I'll call u tomorrow
BlackBerries generally are great at calling, reception and battery life. But these things just don't matter as much these days :)
Happy Birthday Homeboy!!! I hope your day is a winner!!!!
Is it possible to vomit a smurf?
you're on
Because nobody does it better than me.
You can waste your time talking shit about me all you want to. I'm only here for a paycheck.
so tha plan is to go to atlanta nex month. me and kesi celebratin our 2yr anniv. hopefully our friends can come along.
Honestly--- is taking Vanity to another level!! Luv it!! /via
I much prefer the sounds of Peace. Sweet dreams to you all :)
is the snowwiz still current
Your actions speak way louder than words! Please get it together! Huh! <U+E40E>
The vocabulary of the average person consists of 5,000 to 6,000 words.
pretty sure i invited you to join
Bitter experience has taught us how fundamental our values are and how great the mission they represent
We're looking for Kid Friendly Cafes. Know a cafe in your area where the servers are friendly to kids? Give them a review...
Good.. Sorry I've been slackin on Twitter lol :P How are you??
LOL, aye...I miss how technically masterful he was, what energy and presence he brought to his Trance productions.
A couple more thanks: to and startupacademyinternational.com for providing peanut butter and banana hot dogs. YUM!
I wish I could come to the Culinary Historians event, but I won't be able to. Hope to see you somewhere sometime though.
Nice day outside today! Vegas BOM in 1hr. Jus bcuz I'm havin a good day, $100 Refund for new reps that join my organization Qualified today
your welcome:)
now following follow back
Note: 11 Harrowhouse, a 1974 heist movie w/Charles Grodin & Candice Bergen, is mostly very good, but also very 1974. James Mason owns it.
I love autumn
haha, I was trying to lengthen the time in between snacking
20 mins til go time! Go to Facebook page to catch their live pa set!
Remember that song "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus"? Maybe she knew something we didn't... ;)
Grindin out on this new joint shits a hit
but it's really nice and warm in bed...
It is mostly UL fans, but there are a few KSR callers that commit this sin. Makes me shudder.
just Rimadyl, glucosamine and Toradol. she has arthritis and some displaysia - not unusual for 12
It's Partners Card time at Rutherford's Design. Purchase your Partners Card ($60) & enjoy a 20% discount on everything in the store.
Thanks Charles!
Do u think girls should wear makeup? I don't but I wanna see what u think' lol A- personally I hate makeup. Girls look better natural(;
Happy new ipad release day!
It's a #BlackKeys type of night...
What a finish, what a game. Overall solid telecast by NBC
Emulex to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference
Real talk: When the Rosen thing passes, the GOP & Romney will still have a big women problem, and Obama will still have a big adv. w women.
Oddly enough, #FridayThe13th is turning out even better than Good Friday! <U+2728><U+2764>
we will have this button fixed this weekend on web! In the mean time please toggle gender in edit mode on iOS.
that's a splendid idea :)
#UFC144 why does it sound like whooperwhills in the stands?
google docs just got the function of managing style! nicer and less required of ms office now.
Getting ready to hear Gov. Tomblin @ WV Leadership Summit ...
bro I'm you're coach show some respect...
Salmon sounds delish. Hope it was good!
Wow, George Clooney was on an episode of "Roseanne" looking all blue-collar!! So glad my gym airs the Oxygen network instead of man shit!!
Teriffic CSD contest! We've got Sunday Barbershop Withdrawal Syndrome again. Singing a tag is the first step to a cure.
cant wait to push u tomorrow
Thanks for helping spread the #gaad word today! //
Big applause for Ohio repealing its collective bargaining law
You rap niggas stand no chance.. run along before I end your fucking career #Literally that's all that needs to be said...
thank you for the follow! Have you ever done a shoot at hotel metro before?
Merry Christmas! <3
haha I miss you lady (and Bachelor & Teen Mom nights) What the heck was your car's name, Georgia? Stella? Judy?
OKAY I GET IT!.... YOUR STRONG! O ARENT YOU JUST BUFF FROM YOUR ARMS AND CHEST!... :O BUT WHO HAS STRONGER LEGS?!?... Hmm... Ya chicken
Just my luck huh
How much longer is he playing?
I don't get why anyone cares what Sarah does
I have a headache that can only be cured by eating my mom's food.
where does the content come from? Who is overseeing it on
so um I've never had Chipotle before..
twitter is gay!
If your ever having a bad day, just think at least your not ron artest.
Happy Birthday New Mexico!!
i was really disappointed that the Hunger Games wasn't a reality cooking show competition.
let us know and we can help. is a cold engineer man
#SDCChiHack Best Design Award goes to Edit Huddle
I should probably just go for it.
Imagine Dragons... WOW good, damn
Just wondering- does going to "Jet Blue Park" make me want to buy a ticket for their miniscule cheap-ass seat airline??
Nice to see a sharp duo of & Todd Hollandsworth live on for #Cubs-#Reds. Pregame now. First pitch soon.
A2 - 86% of career consumers believe an employee voice - only 14% believe a corporate one...
It used to be only death and taxes were inevitable
They are dragging this out on purpose!
when you plan to watch a movie but you can't find it so you just read messages.
"'Men In Black 3': cost $375 Million" #huffpost For that kind of green, they could have built a bionic Tommy Lee Jones!
Time to clean the apartment before parents come ugh
Thanks Amy!
finals!!! where you going?
Thank you so much! :) They definitely should!
1 more week of classes
when i looked at it. it was just green
Those who are heartless.. once cared too much.
all these other fakes get annoying cuz they mention me for shout outs -___-
consensus on homemade mango lemonade champagne cocktail- woah, a blast of happiness
Prayers out to #TeamVinnyV 14 year fighting a tough fight! Get it trending so more prayers go up
Everybody but me seems to be graduating this year.
Hoping some people show up for #usfhre. Well, I can write a blog post from my info if nothing else.
oh no! How embarrassing for her. Is my biggest fear I check about 10 times.
I'm cheering for Alabama
Tim, There seems to be something the matter with Isidore-of-Seville: it's giving everybody 102-Errors.
yoo cum str8 home got some good news for u...
: please follow back? And rt if u didn't know that u have ecuatorian fans :)
technically YOU finished practice. Me & Reina were still there , lol.
What is your favorite thing to do on a Saturday? We like to BBQ in Parking lots.
Laurie Heusinger Toggle It! A Guide To Reboot Negative Emotion's author, interview by Bill Becker,1/30 @ 8:05 am on US 1 Radio News Network.
Note to Pens/Flyers: Someone score I want the Blues game on VS, thank you
Appreciate that Sandz.. U gone be in EL next weekend?
Thanks Alliey! I am a quirkiness-appreciator and believe it adds a little bit of flare to the average.
Nice. Thanks doll!
When people have been married for a while they start looking like brother and sister.
Be safe today Beer Patty Bellies!
yep! I got a panel with my name on it. Looking forward to the keynote(s)!
I don't need 3000 useless "followers.". I need 300 important ones.
“: Oh, my red Docs arrived the other day. #alltheredthings”// I love red clothing.
Yes indeed!
vi sim
Thanks, have a great weekend! #GoMagic!!!
yep, it's tone has often been combative, dogmatic and dismissive without generosity
"making the DMV feel fast" - of Denver
Dreamed of para-para-paradise, Every time she closed her eyes.
At Carraba's with the boyf
": And you guys are gonna get involved."WOO. BOSTON BABY
grear tag name bro!
Thanks for celebrating at the Milano Inn last night. Happy birthday!
OH NO! Sending good, happy thoughts.
I Got Some Interesting Compliments Today. Knows What I'm Talkin About (;
How many times have i done this now? Down the jet way, to the seat. MKE to MSP.
I lost. By "distraction" though I mostly mean "sleep."
yes ma'am
Great speakers and a great day of basketball - October 22nd Franklin St. Gym email: to register
where's my computer
Out of context memo from 1968: "Effective immediately, Indiana is Detroit's responsibility."
hope this works!
Dems see human suffering & try relieve it;GOP sees human suffering & want to profit from it; Tea party just wants 2 escalate it!
I'm going to Cathouse tonight to chew bubble gum and dj... and I'm all out of bubble gum
U.S. Stocks accelerated their selloff in the final hour of trading Friday to close at session lows as ongoing signs of weakness overseas.
EVERYONE on eastbound is wearing cardinals gear
Grabbing some frozen yogurt before I settle in for the night to watch some good old women's basketball.
grand canyon
hes got a bad temper at times and hes very sensitive about his twitter family and Dogs crew..LOL
The customer service dept is I believe and that money was bills so it fuckin sucks.
thanks megs. Love you.
organizing all my stuff trying to find money i've stuck in random places omg rofl
ahaha thanks. Aren't you tired? It's like 2:40 at my house
I answered you, Rod. Learn from history.
Who is following me, and is an attorney in corp law? Please reply ..
Lesson of the day : you lay down with dogs , you get up with flees
Up at Runyon Canyon. At Gardner and Franklin Blvd. Come by!!!
“ - I know it's none of my business but are you and Bryant back together. ?
I really love Rihanna's "where have you been" video. Nice seeing her do some choreo too;)
“: HAHA all the West Virginia peeps are mad now. Way to take a joke.” Just mention "The Wild Wonderful Whites of West Virginia
I am chilling at hme on the twitter
"We look high and low for revenue in times like these, and when we look high we see billboards," Councilman Bill Henry.
The trick is to have fun while you are performing it
: Thanks to and Co. for another great conference. #lscon < Here, Here!!
PHILADELPHIA, you're killing us. 9th inning rally? I'm closing my eyes.
Spend my day im the gym or go golfing? Such a hard choice!
Nadal's title defense off to rousing start - Arab News
no problem you're hilarious
Playing cards on my patio (South End, Boston)
also, I just now made the connection that you are @ CCT now *facepalm*
We heard that over 98% of bartenders have never taken a bartending class?
thats actually what it is. Whats another name for it
is adjusting every aspect of her life, ever so subtly, to produce a bright shiny new life.
yeah I can call in, check DM for contact info to set it up.
Old wine and old friends are enough. Come raid the cellar with us!
Poorest students have least access to skill development in online realms and most pressure to raise test scores.Don Leu
Same here. We're usually at a friend's house on Sunday nights, but since we were in tonight, we went ahead & watched.
Three more to go.
congrats kelly! You and Aaron will make the sweetest parents ever. so happy for you
finding #translation is very intellectually intriguing and engaging particularly when you work on theoretical pieces.
Its all in the spray can RT : I can't quite figure out how 's brother gets so tan.
LA is always good to me. Shout out to the homie for the hospitality. Ok, studio time.
Achievement unlocked: matte screen protector applied to MacBook Pro in less than three attempts!
have it on DVR for tomorrow. Enjoy
what happened bro?!?
Never a dull moment at the hangin & printing for shipment to Japan and Central American stores. Best weekend!
Follow the Twitter for my next film for updates on this new action film.
Listened to 1direction this am. Still don't get it.
I got mad skills.
Hey Miss Q! Just wanted to tell you that I think you're an absolutely amazing actress/woman/person. Happy to be following you!
unless you claim to be so busy that you have been unable to condense your life into 140 characters,,,
haha and your right next to me on the compute!
then those ones should be reported. And the real accounts "verified"
Yes Ma'am.
thanks for the support Robin!
I drank three cups of coffee today and now I'm crashing. Feels kind of funky!
anyone interested in joining a fantasy football league?
So i was thinking you should RT this(: come you know you want to!
press room!
Off the Cong B'nai Shalom Membership Picnic - should be fun for all! Remember to listen to Shirim tonight www.wcuw.org 8-10pm eastern -
I hate being sick
let us in
What if when we're awake, we are actually dreaming. But when we are dreaming we were awake?
First look at the #MW3 Hardened Edition, literally on the factory line. Details on it coming at Call of Duty XP! yfrog.com/kgfgmiuj
McIntosh staunchly opposes bailouts, as everyone knows-his work was to protect Merrill Lynch from trial lawyers and excessive law suits.
RT : The beers have been decided on and the brewing will start soon! Look for these beers all around the city for
Listen to #Primetime on today at 5:30 to hear the BIG announcement from about Main Field Golfers and #Celebrities!
He's one of my favorites. Makes Sox-O's games worth listening to instead of muting.
Wednesday feels like it should be Friday this week
there goes the diet!
hahahaha im a ways away from TX! hope the crazy weather there had no negative effects on you <3
will do
"One of the fastest-growing smartphone penetration rates are those aged 55-64" WOW
The 2% of things I do on purpose is Breathe & burn tree<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Seven years after Hurricane Katrina, University of New Orleans basketball still trying to find firm footing
In 1982 #Tylenol took 31 million bottles off the shelves b/c of 1 tainted bottle. What do you do to protect your brand?
I'm on a 24 hour champagne diet :)
Frame 4 parent engagement: not what but how:mutually supportive, contributions, trust relationships, energy drives collective
Good morning. I'd like to thank the big man upstairs for letting me see another day
*it that's what I meant...;)
The wild boys of the Brownell Wedding. Awesome group of people.
When some bitch gets into your conversation. Nobody was talking to you.
You know it's a blizzard when... You have snow plows in your covered parking garage!
just got this..sorry 4 delay. ;o)---should be OK..clearing skies around that time...breezy & mild too..mid 70s. Have fun!
76ers expect healthy Derrick Rose - ESPN
If you want a follow back just mention me in your tweet and I will. :)
Good mornin everyone im on a bus
hello there
You know I'm happy to talk with you any time.
Tabling at the #getlitfestival. Stop by and learn about student-run and our annual conference, Write To Publish.
Many of us didn't come in as anarchists, but were radicalized after being unlawfully detained, brutalized by police.
If life is an equation, then family and friends are the constants. Everything else is just variables.
That's a must...the kids would love it. Holy cow, how did I miss this?
dope shizz yo..sorry for the late response
and only a nosy bitch for a nigga would care abt my puss getting ate. Bye bitch
- lol, I do too! I guess that's where she gets it from. SMH
the most amazing creation to ever walk the earth
On my way to NYC
awe. :-( lol. I'm laying in bed. Come over. I'll grab you and we can just go to sleep. I snore a little softly though
The Everything Cookie from the Whole Foods Bakery is so delicious!
u never on twitter smh
are you gonna go back i missed it :(
"nawwww, i only eat things that have parents." #lolwhaaat?
sorry for bothering you then...
"My Dog Can Lick Anyone"
If you think a girl is beautiful you should tell her
Check out Live at Mossy Volkswagen’s 1st Anniversary Party this weekend feb 19 & 20 from 1pm-3pm.
Hancock: The tragedy really starts with her job as int'l flight attendant, insomnia that followed. "Her only fault was to try to go to bed."
hell yea I could damn near pull it off
yeah.. Can't believe they are showing early season baseball over playoff hockey on FSA. No wonder the team is moving.
Thank you for getting me this new water bottle
See? Tina Fey gets it.
~Likewise, Thanks again!
UCF in the house for CEE LO
u need to come & see the garden this week missy miss behaviour
RT : A13: I focus on producing content my audience will enjoy and share. Analytics are secondary to that.
i love your hair is so curly :)
Haruki Murakami,.no one dropped a bomb.We set the stage,committed crime with ourown hands,destroying R lands destroying our own lives."
It's sad that im excited to sleep in till 7:30
What brought me? Two things: interest in ITSM, of course, plus the very persuasive
Already won over fan base? How? Guy left BoSox w/major mess 2 clean up. Theo = Fool's gold. Ricketts hired him in panic move.
The Office is unwatchable these days.
Rise and shine... Hit the studio and finish up a couple last verses on the last couple songs then album should be all done.
Did you see 3 Stooges?
thank you for the follow-back! Have a great weekend.
Um so I'm just seeing the new 106&park.. 15 videos wow!
my boi sully leaving...figured smh
Education is a big business. Lasts even longer than war.
thanks for your support!
Walking Dead season finale
Yes, Jays look great. Not so much some others. Love Astros throwback unis.
Any cowboy can carry a tune. The trouble comes when he tries to unload it.
Why does a college degree make one think they are above certain jobs? A BA in Poetry does not make you too good to work at The GAP.
ILS described as Agnostic. Nice.
Holy Cross will bring home their 1st State Title Friday! Great D + Great O =2A title #nkypride #HCdefense #
My wife is reading the menu online and drooling. That's it, I'm headed there for lunch today!
IDK about you, but I love this city!!!
This sounds a lot like Houston...
I want that damn Doritos taco from taco bell
W.beyondthescoreboard.net this will b the last game for most of these teams. The post season is like a club and it's at compassity
Happy cinco de mayo! Come join us for a special pint night tonight featuring Victoria!!!
Ah yes another night of over 10 hours of sleep!
it's the audience I feed off of even though I don't see them.
Evening photo excursion in Old Town :)
Side note: I don't remember what's its like to be sober. And I need a cuddle buddy immediately. Too forward?
I deserve the best , everyone does :)
You were trying so hard you were sweating ;) ps. I had to sound out that hashtag #kingofhashtags Rematch with real rules?
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up. ~ Muhammad Ali
i dont even like america that much, but when people hate on my country i get kinda patriotic
it's a long story. Blaming past admin, poles on back order, not sure where they r going to place it.
love contributions from ppl doing their own thing: makes us all richer! Schools need to encourage this NOT repeat old used up ideas/ rep.
yes that is truth
Joe jonas and jay sean concert tonight!!!!!!!!!! :D yayayyayy you ready?!? :) #JoeandJayinNYC (:<U+2665>
Need an artist? Call me at 316-393-0189 for fast accurate information to help you decide who to book!
. can count on u to not let moral principles get in way of servitude to Texas top-dollar :D
he is really close to Lebrick, and has a serious shot at a ring with MIA, definitely dont see it happening...
Happy Mothers Day !
RIP Gatewood Galbraith. Always loved talking to Gatewood at Kentucky football tailgates.
S/O to Matt...Stay warm this weekend. Wish I was there 2 get some #icefishing in. :)
Toy Story 3 always makes me feel old. Andy grew up, the dog got old & fat, ugh... I miss my childhood.
Who has played naked twister at Hedo? I will be wearing the twister board at Colorful Fantasies next week... Wanna play?
as always, thanks for the shout out!
couldn't have said it better myself!
I'm hoping that one of theses guys will make an immediate impact, Watching the Henao video of him stuffing the mid might be a way
Based on the graphs I'm reviewing for a drinking water class, you shouldn't drink your tap water in Feb, May or July. Ew.
#Top10Lies ...There's no getting over you...
Thanks for the following right back atya-
The Red Hat Society has forever ruined the red/purple color combination for me... Not even Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra can save it now.
NO BOA I FUCKING LOVE HOSTESS!
You just licked sucked kissed and massaged every inch of her body for 20-30 minutes and made her cum she won't trip u came in 5 mins
Dominique VS Jordan
You're very welcome. One of our council members found out about you guys!
finished the hunger games series. ugh, i NEED more.
FOR What?
Ugh, expense reports....
Every time wade misses he thinks he was fouled. Get up.
RT : RT": If you want to be happy, be ~ Leo Tolstoy"
Sorry to anyone who received spam messages from me. I think someone stole my pass. Change your passes often... even for Twitter. Sorry again
your new hoody rocks! =)
watchin $5 iPhone tutorials... drinkin $5 worth of beer! will I remember?
Ciera I love your work!
Audition Day!!! #VO #voiceovers Thank you for motivating me.
what exactly sparked the interest in jewelry design? Was it always a passion of yours?
To the ~ The main thing is to keep on hoping, keep on trying, keep on believing - Catfish Hunter ~
Plan is to leave after work that Fri. May stay in HOU that night. Leave NOLA Mon. to head back ATX
I never told u when I encouraged you to run into the storm u wouldn't get wet, I just said be prepared for victory on the other side!
Yup, but trying to trace the etymology of the phrase "open government". The idea obv goes back much further.
Never thought I'd say this I can't wait for Kyle Orton to start
humidity based delirium is the best way to enjoy Anthonys smooth crooning
YES SIR!
I wish real science was as advanced as science in soap operas. There, cloning and getting a whole new face is an everyday thing.
Economics test...meet your maker
so Dani was with Porsche id vote for my teammate so thats not being personal and ya know what Dani said why she didnt vote
Oddly enough, if your job is to open enough re-re-used ILL envelopes, you develop a definite opinion on the topic. [4 max]
Um, did I really just see you quote a Paula Abdul song ? cc
Broncos should hold onto Tebow atleast for his healing powers cause Mannings neck gonna need it sooner than later
I am starving. and I need a beer.
won't you save me, San Francisco? <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0087>
I wanna knw hoe many April babies I got on my TL, so if ur b-day is this month # Retweet:) #Team Aries an Taurus
awesome!!!! Happy for you dude! All my friends know now too :P
NO. zach parise is mine.
Thank you lord for #Photoshop's "Content-Aware Fill" -- couldn't have gotten thru de-vignetting an old litho portrait w/o it
sorry hope u can understand what I meant...I'm so shaky that I can't type...:'(
Welcome! Thanks for tweeting such a great resource! :-)
Apparently some people thinking getting poo'd on by a bird is good luck. Pretty sure it's the opposite of good luck.
RT Why does this author have to make everything more difficult for me? << A tweet for the ages
You should take his hip hop class @ UC's rec center! #somuchfun RT : is always extremely entertaining!
I def said donkey first
Less than 3% of the world's mantis population are atheists.
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT, EVERYONE ELSE BUT YOU
Might need some windshield washer fluid in new England. Stop by autozone!
I know you probably get like thousands of tweets a day but can you give me any song writing advice?? PLEASE REPLY TO ME!!!
No fun :( Hope you can get out soon!
you doing alright korey?
Whenever I have doubts as to my race, I just scrunch up a piece of paper & shoot at a waste basket
hi, the original ticket holder can make that change, have them contact me for directions. Regards
for the sweat this week. I appreciate all the positive mentions
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.-Albert Einstein
I AGREE! :) I read him yr tweet - if he could speak, i know he'd say "awww, thanks!"
Who else should i send fan mail too?!
Good question! Go to Facebook and join the Timbers Army East Coast Platoon page. All the details are there.
Good morning! It's Friday! And..I still have to go to work tomorrow.....
"i owe you from the thing with the guy in the place" "i'd never been to belize"
Why am I awake...
I think the public understands what the sources for news are and what the sources for gossip are.
In Colo more than 15,000 people are homeless and 2/3 of them are children. Help now with a generous donation. Visit www.hacolo.org.
I love doing that at roller skating! :)
- WHAT? Are you OK?
SHOUTOUT to your BIGGEST* fans from Granada Hills-Jamie Yoo and Julia Ruiz!!We'll Keep Voting Til' Our Thumbs Fall Off ! :D
*middle finger* but do u have breaking dawn? I still have yet to see it skip.
if only they were using correct grammar and mechanics...in the days of penpals at least all that writing reinforced good writing
considering this was one of the things of value I used to justify spending 20% of my yearly income on tickets
Okay I'm trying to share another tweet with another person kells help!!!
Today for the most part was really good! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
you were awesome !!!
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
thank you so much!!
must wanna fight
you know i be sanging the songs...****dontcha get curried away*****
Upcoming shows in 2012! Jan 9th at the Bitter End and Jan 25th at the Knitting Factory! two great showcases, I'll be singing new songs!
wow sarah just wow lol
me too haha. Go Kings Go! Love Trevor Lewis
They definitely do it, and most find it very helpful. Grads are more interested right off, but ugrads dig it w setup.
Wow! I did realize he had such bad hair.
#sla2011 #dsoc disease in pop of emerging markets drives down productivity of workers
I'm so happy I'm gong to see my best friend<3
In service hearing a good word.
#NW how Stella got her groove back.
Saw "MARLEY" last night. Inspired and encouraged by Bob Marley and The Wailers (though not in the way of fidelity..) GO SEE IT!
Go TEXAS!!
#congresslunch more military opportunity in SD w/ dept of defense new strategy towards Asia. New carrier coming 2 town
It's my world and you just live in it :)
About to board the plane home... I don't want to leave! Thank you Hawaii for the best vacation ever <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Ready to rock in the weekend? We are!
There's nothing better than sipping on Scotch and watching some cool cats play some jazz
Ooh, I'm looking thru my bookmark folder. What kind of stuff you looking for?
This summer, I'm going to get back into playing basketball. And I'm going to add the iron leg to my repertoire
Good game so far! They playing basketball out there batting the ball down lol
His family gone hold him down tho.
Happy Birthday Leap Year Babies. Ah, an extra day to celebrate. #bdaygirl :))))
Sir Speedy now offers banners at only $5 per square foot!
Obama: I've always been adamant that gays and lesbians should be treated fairly and equally
": r you wearing black today?" jus my bra n panties...haha
Philly has a chance, especially if Paul Pierce is hurt. We will see.
Pinning Ceremony for my Nurse grad! Ceremony includes a shout out to Florence Nightingale
This. RT : That is what the NFL MVP does.
RT Poetry might be defined as the clear expression of mixed feelings. ~ W.H. Auden
“: Please start Tebowing so Broncos can get manning" that's a new low...
Today is the day! Happy New Year everybody!!!
You are You. No ones perfect. Love yourself the way you are!!!
Time to pack it in, Rick ... RT : Chuck Todd says Santorum would have to win 61 pct of remaining delegates for nomination....
Thanks for the Follow, Sarah!
you're welcome and thank you back!
Happy Saturday Morning!!!
TWEET! ;) LOL I'M FUNNY!
Nice to see Weeks able to pinch hit, despite result. Probably safe to assume he'll be back in the lineup tomorrow.
Beside myself excited to see 's Spring Awakening tonight at Rarig. #shoutout to Peter R, Abby, John T and James Kennedy!
add me niggyss
#Wrestling Who is going to the Midwests biggest show of the year ? I am going !! sucks to be you if your not !!
same here :)
loved it. Incredible as always!
definitely would have to be a well educated exodous. A back to africa bandwagon would be a mess in and of itself.
Ugh I should of gone to the gym with today ):
had a slight heart attack cos i thought my ipod had gone mad on me again and reset itself but its all been restored so YAY.
Oracle and Google will go to trial: After trying to give an out-of-court settlement one last chance, judge concludes "in the end, som...
If u guys havkt yet go to youtube and search for MY HAND IS A DOLPHIN ITS A REBECCA BLACK PARODY ITS SO FLIPPING FUNNY
Very busy weekend 4 me working on finishing this haute couture bag for my Etsy shop and one denim upcycle jacket.Will post pictures soon
heading out for a run and breakfast. Preparation of a long day.
Not You , Goof ! LoL , Don't Do That
Spar for life
#GWAS or listen to Davidson talk for an hour
Not you loser! You always talk to me! >_<
lets watch it when ryan gets back
that's so true :/
You have a twitter? :o
Bout to start cooking. Jrs makin bbq and I'm hooking up all the sides.... And making the kiddos a butterfinger cake ;)
Love this place.
Taylor's been tweeting almost everyday this past week! I love it.
Shout out to my bro just did his thing n fucked the stage up!
Take rest. A field that has rested gives a beautiful crop. -Ovid
Damn ab/leg work-out gave me a monster headache:-/....body feels good tho
That's sweet, congrats Lady! RT Designing a nursery and I couldn't be happier...
"Im gonna have a great day! For sure!"
Joke of the Day: Why did the chicken cross the road? To prove to the squirrels it could be done.
Going from to is like going from horse and buggy to a Bugatti Veryon. Our Wordpress sites have never been this fast!
yea babes i need your tlc right about now
Salute to the hood .
Yes :) It was fantastic!
shout me out please
You're the one who is Always going to Break me Heart.
Ok, Ok..along with all the zany holidays I already mentioned for today it's Winnie-the-Pooh Day, Shark Awareness Day & Personal Chef's Day
Keeps me out of (financial) trouble! RT : good expertise to have!
I am now a Quickbooks ProAdvisor!!
If I see this year and one direction next year I will filled with
Wants to sleep.
NCAA b'ball finals, Wrestlemania, The Masters, MLB Opening Day - great sports week but not nearly enough TEBOW!
I'm doing a paid extras work for a movie on saturday... AND BEFORE THAT IM GOING TO NICKELODEON UNIVERSE, WITH , I cant wait
#Baltimore #Maryland trivia: H.L. Mencken visited Plsen, Czechoslovakia in 1926. Strangely, no mention of beer. Photos @ MD State Archives.
Nothing empowers a team more than the belief that they are valued by their leader.
Thank u love X
PHOTO: Second day of the begins!
Comcast, I think I am sending mercinaries after you ~I can't take going on day 11 of the pain and suffering ~ I need pay back!
Governor Cuomo: Can't you find it in your Executive powers to save the EI Program initiated by your father in 1993?
Gallup/Healthways well-being study; attend worship 1x per week = 10% more positive emotions PLUS 20% fewer negative emotions on Monday!
Yea, especially packed tonight.
iight i got it
Note to President Obama: Do not mess with The USA Dry Pea & Lentil Council.
my bellybutton over the last several months started going from an innie to an outie. My doctor said hernia and surgery to fix.
Im the number 1 #asian that follows back!!
hook up to external monitor
Listening to Springsteen..Secret Garden...I just missed the man who booked The Wailers that opened for him by 3 days..May he rest in peace.
RT So U of M will get about 3M/yr for Vikings renting out TCF Bank Stadium.how about we help Coach Tubby get that practice facility
How fun! RT : - I'm teaching a bunch of 7-15 year olds about haiku at my kids' art camp!
Re warming the steak teriyaki stir fry I made last night. Making some rice too.
I know (fast thinking) ...it's got 2012 written all over it! :)
I have a huge headache.
damn. is really pumped to grab some. Probably be available eventually.
Check Yes Juliet always reminds me of haha
to know u left a great job just to be on tv. Now you just appear at things to be seen & tweet about it.
he had a good mixtape and pretty much every thing other than his verses on gucci's mixtape have been whatever
Thx! RT : is my new tool du jour. If you're a content curation junkie, you'll want to have a look. It's way cool.
we're still a month or so away, but I'll have samples next week for trial. Men's and Women's sizes.
Now Playing <U+266A> Power Trip by Monster Magnet
"And That's The Way It Is!" I believe that is what they call GAME OVER!!! GT is up 42-10!!! ACC CHAMPIONSHIP HERE WE COME!!!
Damn had a bomb ass day. I Love My Family<3
madison or milwaukee
Encountering the word "utilize" can put me in a bad mood for the rest of the day. This is troubling.
Played "Now That We Found Love" on the jukebox and nobody seems to notice besides our little corner.
On the agenda for tonight upon returning home: catching up on the DVR and cuddling with the kitties and sleep =]
I have a nice eggplant <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
RT : I wonder if staff will refer to the time before they acquired as "preposterous".
Hopefully you are right!!!!!!!
S/O to my new followers!!! Let's Get it!!!
Yeah Romney created jobs via Bain Capital OVERSEAS!!!
Yes! RT : That moment when you're about to be an Aunt!!!
You're welcome, good lady. Cheers!
who you callin' madam?
thats what UFC does to people. Its AWESOME
I am back part time. It's already been four months just about !
please announce from platform the hashtag for the conference? #MarriageAmerica -- tweeters want to communicate! Thank you!
I truly believe that the American dream is fulfilled by going H.A.M. at
totally single. double was all grade school.
I mean, as long as there's no like....fact-checking. But yes. Happily!
Chapter 2012 Page 70 of 366 No better feeling than seeing my fruit mature before my eyes.
Ready for playoff basketball? The Jam open postseason play at home tonight at 7pm PT against the Dakota Wizards
Thinking about going to get some pizza hut with the girls :)
yeah, I wish I could've stayed longer. Glad you had fun. Hopefully we'll run into each other again!
I especially appreciate the frank and respectful dialogue about our community, no matter how much we might disagree.
hope you alright?
Cleveland Indians are from my hometown!! Go Tribe!!
lmao i wasnt even payin attention and it hit
and your reponse to me proves my point...
thank god for mental illness I want to win to see Brian jonestown massacre! At the wiltern
It's really too bad that they don't use urns to store acid.....
" In every job that must be done there is an element of fun." Mary Poppins
Scam alert via : Scammers call, posing as reps of the Do Not Call Registry. The registry doesn't solicit people to sign up.
Not really....I work there.
ay man i got a line called #HighStandard..would it be cool if i came down to show you my lookbook?
Extra cleavage helps your cross hang straight. Bwahaahas
Headed to Playa Del Rey to try take 2 of. July 4th. I need a real beach day! Come on sun!
Today was nice. Exercise on the high ropes course at Rafting in the Smokies in Hartford, TN & tennis on the new courts in
Happy Founders Day to my lovely Sorors of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
I love you.
All I'm saying is two women covered my balls with goo, fondled them, and took pictures for 35 minutes... who cares if it was an ultrasound?
That's lame! Where are you driving from?
I believe in Tebow Magic!!
oh hahah thanks dude
30 minutes till curtain. Had 98 people at the matinee. Great audience and great tech.
I LOVE LUKE KORNS AND AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE <3
The song we r mixing is an original called Like a River - a love song I wrote in LA a few years ago. These guys are making it come alive!
well, there's no denying his douchebaggery, but he is running for president and a billionaire. Loser not so much
When you do the ML parlays, why not add a third team at -600 or so to get plus money? I understand upsets happen but...
Whoo hoo!! Got my license! #finally :))
and the painful irony is, could have given a real boost to web reviewing by linking to actual web journals.
did you know is in love with you ?
It's almost time to head over to for First Tuesdays with wine, networking & prizes. See you there!
“We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.” ~John Steinbeck b. 2day 1902
eat. sleep. swim #storyofmylife #nighty'all
Cut school for the funeral which was incredibly sad ugh saying your final goodbyes is terrible #RIPBobby </3
Knowledge and/or experience in the game/platform being hired for <U+0096> Preferred
"Haha you're gonna die... when you see it, not cause you're old"
we'll be watching your tweets from the conference! Exciting stuff!
Nothing screams "I'm out of the closet!" more than smiling with your mouth wide open in your fbook photo. I swear that's not a blowjob joke
A laugh is worth a hundred groans in any market - George M. Cohan #quote #rocktheretweet RT
Thanks for the holiday treats in our Puget Sound Plaza lobby!
Couple hrs work, then Siesta Key Beach.
People keep staring at me lol
If your dad is Frank Serpe, he's one of the last true stand-up guys around. What a great dad. You should be proud.
There's my. Lady mad monster shout out to you sweeti. How have you been
I say 3-1. Wanna bet on it?
Travel, think in terms of "ing" experiences. Ballooning, paddleboarding, cycling...
following :) thanks !
Tiredness is sweeping over me... Bed time soon =P
Good Luck!!
thanks for the
those days are not the business!!! You should get in a gym session, it will help out immensely :)))
About to go to drama practice! It's cool playing another character other then your own :D
thank you chauni :)
haha apparently! how are things at razorfish this afternoon?
haha well its ok, a little bit of insanity never hurt anyone :)
MetroTV is fascinating. Today we learned that ancient Egyptians took oaths on onions. No one would lie on such beautiful concentric rings.
real estate and recruiting, it's all about location
You know, no one has really said anything lately but have you noticed how the #PittBombThreats just.. stopped.
So much love today :)
Yes. And someone needs to maintain redirection history too
- Love the story about the 33 year old cat. You did good. I was LOL as well. That last part.
Our love goes out to the families in Ft Hood
Anyone watch the college dunk contest on ESPN last night? The 5'9'' dude had springs in his legs. 52'' one step vertical!
leave me alone. haven't you done enough?
bring a fancy hat and an umbrella!!
haha I have a lot of parsley at home and was looking for shortcuts. Thanks for the heads up!
good luck!
what 90-9-1 really means is that comm participation follows some kind of power law or truncated power law
spring break
Harrington is a beast we need him Sunday hopefully the mask is comfortable
Great way to start off the morning. Joel has already had about 4 tantrums.
it's all good man. Was really a great show.
My bottom is so big it's got its own gravitational field
Well that was a fun trip down high school memory lane haha... Off to Newport!!! :)
Aaron is giving us all WAY too much credit ;) way over my head at least...
good morning.. Where can I send you some tracks for your upcoming project?
You know your mom is gonna take forever at the store, when she needs a cart. -_-
-- It's a keeper league ... you don't have to do anything.
....so that still means I won though? Right?
#questionsihatebeingasked why are your thighs so big?
thanks for the shout out!
haha bro, but how did you get all these people to tweet you haha?
RT :#sschat And read kids books to look for hidden messages on gender <- Paper Bag Princess is great for this! & William's Doll
Don't change for anyone. They should love you for who you are, or you don't need them in your life.
Playing some intense characters...Hedda and Lady M? Lord save my sanity.
Thanks Kate! He will be OK, but it isn't fun, especially at 3:30 am in the morning.
Haha! Yeah, that drive-by visit. How about Lot No. 3? What time works for you?
you visit Chicago a lot! What are you doing on this trip?
For the first time EVER i will not be the token Jew @ the company holiday party.
If You're Feeling Sinister - Belle & Sebastian
i know what you mean bleh
Yeah, Cause You Know Exactly Everything I've Heard, Lmao. You Mad Cause Suck?
It was great talking with you today!
"That's the loudest it will go?" "Yeah, I think I blew my speakers out..." *turns up media control volume* "OH MY GOD."
I will pass along your concern to the author of the piece, who helps cover cops.
what about a rapping poem? Cause I can do both lol
Your heart isn't plastic it isn't a toy but if u want it broken give it to a boy.
work work work! :)
Interval running, interview, sewing, and late night photo shoot. There are not enough hours in the day!
But when we choose to use free products like #Facebook, etc., we have no choice but to accept the change. Or stop using it
I have to say that I'm totally digging this stretch of Pacific NW-esque rainy, cool, and damp weather that has settled in on Charlottesville
Get your gold, jewelry, coins or small antiques appraised-come by the Lake Houston Area Home and Garden Show- 2/19-2/20 www.lhaevents.com
right there with ya!
I work in a confusion vortex. No usable product could ever escape its grasp.
Don't most boats have a swim platform these days? And yes, Hollywood is clearly running low on original story ideas.
When I see a person with long legs, I want to hop on their back and tell them to take me to doyle.
Just passed Total Integrity Fashions in Trenton NJ.
Looking strongly like we'll have us a Wichita show in May...more to come...
what an exhausting day! whew!
All these funny ass people dancin
My cab driver uses - very cool!
Oh Budget meetings...Don't we all love budget meetings? Today is a strategic planning and mid-year budgeting kind of day for YA.
You as well
same, we just bought it bc we love them, but last night my stomach did not go well with them :( usually im fine
A-hA! NOW it all makes sense!
can my co-owner get on?
We are all Boilers tonight
I never even had a chance I was losing from the start..
i'm going to fail a lab because the computers in this school won't log anyone on.
I dont care if Trayvon was white and Zimmerman was black. The man has to get time
Don't know if I call paying "hitman" to hurt people & then refusing to stop when told to & then lying about it a "mistake".
RT When it comes to good health and weight loss, exercise and diet are inter-related
Sexism is gross.
Music is the melody of life <3
jeezy's tm103 album is forever tattooed in my brain lol hope you being good (;
Glad you like it! RT Friends , love the holiday card! #SeasonsGreetings & #HappyNewYear to you all as well! xoxo
Another hot day in Sacramento. Off to the foothills tomorrow for mother (in law) day
Hi Bill, we are starting to get the hang of social media and CopsAlive.com is building some momentum. Thanks for following!
dsdflfkj RT : Same smell too “: RT : Spanish Bitches Might Be More Loyal Then German Shepards !!!!”
this city IS restless.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I am now addicted to switched at birth! Thank you ! ;)
Lmao you're so mean :p
I'm obsessed with Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio, & P. Sanders. Oh & you can't forget nutella :)
#FashionStar! Love it already! :D
Opening day for and Girard St. Garden are both on March 31st?! So much #gardening! What more could we ask for in 1 weekend?!
of course :) I look out for students - current and past. RT : Thanks Dr.V! Love how you always look out for me:-D
RIP John Mackey the greatest TE in the history of the NFL
Go to "The Cats Meow" so we can see you on the Webcam singing Karaoke!
RT If you don't love the poor, you don't have the relationship with God you think you have -Tim Keller
it's the only way! but making new models is hard and being in opposition is so easy!
No, I don't think so. See the third paragraph.
game on!!!! Tetsunya was the real deal??? Have the cookbook but have never been
Come to Kansas City's Sprint Center, you got barbz here too!!!!
For those not in SD, it looks like we've lined up an online retailer for 619! Stay tuned for more news later in the week!
Lucas wins NHRA Top Fuel race
are you in public?
The Mega Millions is up to $476 Million now, Tell us about the dream home you would buy if you won that much money
Lol..those moons are so funny. implants for sure?
He felt about books as doctors feel about medicines, or managers about plays - cynical, but hopeful.
no a vos??
Got locked out of fb someone else talkin crap on my page... Wtf????
.....with names changed to protect the innocent....and the author!
Can't wait! “:Sweet Belgians, Jammin' Crepes and juice and coffee! So much deliciousness on Saturday morning!”
how do I unlock
Trust your week back to school & work went well. Please remember to complete #ECET 2survey.
up this early on your vacation? !
well nite goin to the stack
MIKEY!!! I LOVE U! Cant wait to meet you in April! Follow me!(:
Fat bitches on Twitter calling themselves Barbies, bitch you ain't no damn Barbie you a care bear"
If I got hit on by a Bill Clinton lookalike I would wear that as a badge of honor.... wait, what?
Sometimes it’s too hard to hate everyone all at once, so I hate people in shifts.
I am now standing in back of the truck. Sometimes it's nice to be 5'8"
October 20, 1996 - #TheWho performing QUADROPHENIA in its entirety at the San Jose Arena in San Jose, California.
Everyone remembers Kelly Pitts from Sweet Valley...No one remembers Swans Crossings. Did u watch it? It was her first show.
That pomegranate stamp you used to have would make a great icon for your twitter account!
Wishing I was in Duluth for Homegrown!
what the heck is going on? XD stop fighting with yourself!
We bought it with a gift card we got from Thanks, little bro! I told you we'd turn it into something awesome.
friggin sweet!!! :D
About to come up on and apartment!
I have my outfit for the last dance!!!!!!!!
Oh, my assistant dean says I should type #DeanFail. As the undergraduates say in their texts: Whatevr.
Gross modern.
cool as the other side of the pillow
I'm wearing a new (to me) light-colored Anthropologie blouse today which means a day-long challenge to not spill anything on myself.
Insecurity will destroy you.
told me to "stick" with playing guitar and i will till the day i die
TO DO DA DISHES! TO CLEAN UP MY ROOM! TO DO DA LAUNDRY! AND IN DA BAFROOM -- sorry, what were you saying ?
GM world..... Almost home =D
Thank you! The Beibs is the perfect xmas gift!
lol you suck . ugh . i HAD to go these last two days . smh .
BLM is tailored for women but also a premiere choice for the men who love & suport them. RT
When a girl got a good personality >>>>>>
Boredom kills! xD
and yes! You can move in but we might have to charge you rent or make you bake for it!
Spotify radio based on "The National - About Today" is probably the best decision I could make all day.
Duke was banned from for disrespecting a Tar Heel's authority.
CHECK MY music out on www.youtube.com SEARCH young mantra
The best advice is not that which tells you what to do rather the one that makes you realize you already had the solution for your problem.
hey what's up??I like your twit icon pretty nice
Class of 2016 lol I also had to repeat 1st grade because my mom kept moving us around alot
When I go to watch Dylan's blog and my computer decides to take forever to load<<<<
That awesome moment when you find out you actually don't work today....:D
Coming from a small German Cherokee tribe, he knew his great ability to imitate all American accents would once be recognized
We want to know what was your first car?…and do you wish you still had it?
Yes android tablets not up 2 par RT #mlamobiletech more android phones but apple has the tablet market still
And none for Gretchen wieners bye
Lovin the new job! Friday and Saturday should be super busy downtown two day sale with wicked killer deals 9-1!!
deleting all my old text from him just to be sure i don't still have his number in my phone !
ya this is all another language
The French Gimlet is a classic! Ours depends on the time & occasion, but The St-Germain Cocktail is near perfect!
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned ypu never let her use the good controller
Chat! Or I can just DM you if that's easier!
I have some pretty hilarious inside jokes with myself.
Versailles Cuban Food
Just gotta nice discount on a rehearsal space for tomorrow!
And CJ has now found the zone and is on cruise control. Crowd and Rangers are flat. Need a jolt!
Rehearsal home run today!
You were cute. Until I go to know you.
dont do what?
Although I'm not sure roots are all they're cracked up to be.
distracted. 4 clients #RTBagel (ing) across Pershing this AM, manually working our automated supply chain
the night ended perfectly with patrick, i love his sweet kisses on my forehead, cheeks, and just everywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0095>
Got a kooky st paddys day outfit? Come on by and we will gladly add ten bucks to your tab!
Tonite ended off HORRIBLE
RT : Whenever I sleep, I have to use one of those sleeping masks x) :o lol why
chillin before we head to for the video game art gallery. brace yoself foo
Nope Haha! But Ive Heard Of It
LMFAO i did shes like " you need to stop calling okay?" and hung up
I love comming home but I sure missed my church today. don't get me wrong I got a word but I need that Tony Scott word
Any #cleaningtip you give, we trust! Thks for always doing such a thorough job--Looking forward to the #bedmaking event!
SYSCO foods came in. Lots happening. We have expanded to four levels or Waves of payout. Will touch base this week
#SometimesIGetSickOf Not Knowing The Truth
new IMDB credit.check. new marketing materials.check. new pics online.check. new fire under my ass.check.
hey Alex can u plz give me the link 2 official fb if u have 1?? Thxxx I love u <333
Almost off to San Francisco, just waiting on the Ferry...with my Starbucks, I thrive on moments like these. Missed home so much.
We have wisconsin, michigan state, nebraska, and michigan, not too mention penn state! that could be 5 more losses if we dont do SOMETHING!
that is how this entire series has gone -- if anyone can even get to 90. 85 was enough in gm 2.
I'm going out on a limb early and picking Arizona to meet up in the superbowl again this year. I pick them last year and no one was listenin
et calves look nice
you should do some PR on my groups/ CASTING DIRECTORS FOR ACTORS & JEREMY GORDON CASTING .......
is he a Buddha ?
#Sony Social responded quickly. Problem, They're not empowered to resolve the problem. Bad Process! #BestBuy Has Drop the ball 2
psst... "intro to horseback riding for actors" (in Los Angeles) for April is now looking for participants! DM me w/ your email!
It's a good morning tweets x
I no u got my txt
You didn't butt in on anything. Really. There wasn't anything more too it. I just made a dumb(er than usual) joke.
"These all continued with one accord in prayer and supplication."~Acts 1:14
#TenFactsAboutMe 5) I don't think I could live without my phone.. Let me rephrase that, I couldn't live without my phone!
I promise to be da best god parent..be there for my god child as if he/she was my own :)
you are welcome
#1 Florida State 7, #Clemson 9 Final. What a game... With that, #Clemson wins their first series against a #1 ranked team since '94.
Did you know? is the youngest of her siblings?
haha, yeah! It sometimes pops up mouseover tooltips for random dashboard widgets. Very unsatisfying (:
I love dancing and singing ^^
Free from wheerreeee?
nahh not acne just normal spots just seem to get some all at the same time :( haha
I'm pretty sure usage of Aperture Science products is not allowed in Apple Stores. Similarities to the photo app I guess.
Watching "The Thrill of it All"
got to force myself to sleep...insanity at 5am
:( Maybe you're running an older iOS?
What do you need for your next headshot?
Shouts to
one Irish boozehound?
Another beautiful Sunday in #SouthFlorida - I got 99 problems but the weather ain't one.
Oh boy! A new session just started at #WISDOM2012 touting a successful SAP implementation... Now I'll hear the other side of the story.
prices vary a lot!
I have not gotten out of bed once. My mother brought me a cup of green tea and I've been staring at the ceiling just thinking, feels good
I get that for sure!!
If you come to OR I recommend the SOB or McKensie River-both very scenic and well organized.
I've really been in the mood to get something pierced lately.
Oh hey emily.:)
Im so cool
Sitting next to cody at dinner ;)
Waiting for some results takes time!!! Tick tock tick tock tick tock!! <U+E02B>
o my god.. i just walked past the table and out of no where a7x starts to play! I am magical!!
Here we come Australia! We are excited to be joining RxWorks for the AVA Annual Conference in Adelaide, South Australia.
Regardless, I hope they all have a great time. It goes by in a blink guys!
Really Klout? I'm influential on World of Warcraft? I just had to use the Google to figure out what that even is!
owww u got the deep throat lmao
looks like you get to pick
It's where Sally and I used to get our mail delivered :) A grt sushi place!!
“: yea man for sure, tell shaune i said tighten up lol” Shaune said u a redskin fan. He'll leave it @ that lmao
Yes but Kevin keeps an extensive "personal journal" :) RT : LOve the fact that your products are diary free
Tonight we feel the voice of woman!tonight we cry with her family!tonight is the night Whitney Houston passes her voice on as a legend!
Awesome! RT : I officially registered for in La Cross! Let's roll!
my hubby makes a mean green smoothie that's fast and healthy: spinach,2 cups mixedberries,1 apple, 1bananna and ice
a happy life can't be without darkness,happy would lose meaning if not balanced by sadness,better to have patience and equanimity
REO Speedwagon announced in the "Rib America Festival" lineup Labor Day weekend -- who's pumped for some #BBQ !!
i need to stop giving in because this shit always happens, no matter what
For those of you coming down to the #LIW event, parking is in the lot on the west side of the field, and enter thru the admin entrance!
“: I still think Morris Claiborne will the the #Vikings' pick at No. 4.” And THAT is why I said u sound silly!
You're quite welcome, Professor
Oh! Just heard is sitting in tonight with at !! #awesome #coulditgetanybetter?
I hear you....on this end dealing with a little bit of heat because it is warm here.....for once *S* How have classes been?
thank you! Great company!
omg, I LOVED Alex Mack! ;)
No, I can't take Sarah Palin as Today correspondent seriously. Stop, #Todayshow. This is jumping the shark.
im coming home now lol
Headed to playlist live :D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MR. CRISS!!!
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”
Normally all the kids would be in class on a Friday morning, but it's Spring break for a lot of schools.
Do you think Moms are more overwhelmed today than ever before?
What do you suppose chances are I'll birth my first child on a February 29?
Haha yeah we were on since midnight yesterday to get Happy Birthday :P
only 1100. Way to go Sterlo. Way. To. Go.
i just did that and my mom is dead ass trying to kick me out -.-
I hate more and more everyday....<U+E023> she broke my heart <U+E413>
im hyped i get to watch it when it first airs tomorrow. lol. its great
Hands down... Cafe Press, its the only place i will order french onion soup in the WORLD!
Yeah sure that's fine I was going to say that we go to but I just remember that it closes at 7 anyways C U then :)
Can you get one from the State Dept?
No. I left Quinshire at the end of last year. The group could not attract new members.
yes, my mouth is back to its usual happy self. ;) I've had a super busy day, and I keep having a nagging feeling that I forgot...
Baluchistan doesn't have n occupation problem but a foreign infiltration that is resulting in violence.
lol i went to sleep at like 12 and woke up at 6 been on twitter and listening 2 music ever since i woke up ;) oh and im eating
RT? Follow me & (suicide awareness) Help get us followers? (:
unless district won;t let you teach others about Twitter
Help wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
I know every word to 11:11 (:
Haha no that's Kurt :P He gay's everything up I would know I'm his fan lol
Can i ask you a question? #AskConstancio LOL i just asked... fail
Hi Stacy, Thanks for the heads up on my account being hacked. i hope we've corrected it. Thanks you
I'll have the Neptune salad.
he got lucky
Howdy! We tried responding to your direct message, however I'm unable to since you're not following us. :(
Have you ever fallen for someone you met online only to find out that they weren't who you thought they were? We want to hear your story!!
i practicing my magic tricks im gettin really good want to learn to be a magician go to ellusionist.com theyve got amazing tricks folow me
your my 400 th follower =D
To sign up for the MS Partner Action Pack I was forced to take and pass one of the worst online courses ever. MS should follow
Rebel's own Nate Cooper will be on Channel 4's Morning Blend at 9am talking about Running Rebels & all the amazing programs we have.
Now Following ! : D
scored an amazing bcbg dress at this weekend. now i just need a reason to wear it!
ha, no. He apparently lost feelings for me.
i love you k.
New life motto:
One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others. - Lewis Carol
That..edge of the seat.. feeling I get when I see my phone light upp.... Hoping it's you.
Is Kid Rock dead? Is that why he's trending? Please, oh please.
just now seeing this. makes me miss your bed. and I guess you, too. (;
Picture Day8
Bored At Work
Hawaii Five-O won it's time slot again last night. The ratings look consistent so hopefully this means a Season 2!
Just had the most lovely nightcap of NyQuil and Emergen-C with We're a mess.
We want to cater your holiday Event go to www.gemcuisine.com today and receive $60.00 in credit towards your event!!
you'll be my best friend please
childhood obesity is no joke; funny that store had no bikes for ages 3-8 only motorized and pull along cars, wagons trucks
We will never forget.
hi Bre I voted for Nicole Michelle but by the way can you please follow me babe i get all your tweets now.thanks Bobby Howardxoxo
U.N.T. Dallas .The best college in the state of Texas. Go Cowboys.Rangers. Stars. & Mavericks
Haha times like this makes me wish I was a fluent spanish speaker.. :/
my poor bb :(
so this is what falling head over heels for a guy feels like. i can't stop smiling.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
because who doesn't like to hear sweet stuff that makes you feel all googly and cute. umm hello
Great question: What can museums in Google Art learn from libraries in Google Books?
Idea! Let Alex Smith choose the winner! Guy pulled a double Tebow in the biggest game of his life last weekend! #hardworkpaysoff!
Nah, I want German style. It;s not shite over there, or in Sweden, etc. ;)
I sure hope you're also excited to talk to the NON-delegate voters...
Great day of racing from all over the country!!
People really think I don't know where Columbia Heights is. Neat.
thanks for your hard work!
Loving Styled by June Ambrose... Think I'll start DVRing it.
Cover all bases? Send both the long link and shortened. If the long link breaks to multiple lines, the short can be used.
Each gummy landmark is made with the best ingredients. Our recipe and vigilant craftsmanship is packed with flavor and is sure to please.
yes u can....u just log back on within a month or your account will be deleted forever lol
You know you have someone scared when they throw out twitter shots at you without thinking. Nothing like competition.
Honored to hear God is using it in your life. Thank you for sharing part of your #SunStandStill story with us. ^staff
Good Morning
we are the oldest people here...all ages == high school get together
Best rushing slayers:
you do realize mr. Smith doesn't play for them ? #idiotfan“: And thats why you're gonna get your ....
I now understand your tweets about the bus drivers. This is terrifying!
Kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit's family will talk about the struggle for freedom tonight 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
THANK YOU to EVERYONE WHO LOVES AND SUPPORT THE BRAINSTORM MOVEMENT AND R'CHIVE!! Last month we had over 206 DOWNLOADS of FREE RINGTONES!!!
Online ordering is live @ www.mumbaibistro.com
I Liked the crazy Charlie better. Adios brother.
Many simple things add up; participate in local govt for the future
if you're sick, please stay home..ugh
i had goosebumps when i woke up this morning, it def is game day!!! GO CATS!!!!
How about a big hand for everyone! Thanks for keeping us informed from the inside, it meant a lot to those tuning in!
Scott Simon will now receive a flurry of tweets with names of other oddly monikered 'sconnie towns. Waunakee, anyone?
Okay so I have the same professor for two of my photography class. What luck. Ugh
we gotta sit down soon g
"rub the furry walls" - aldous snow, get him to the greek
Had the best time with my wife and son at the beach. This was just what a dude needed before going back to work...
“: Looking for a method to download #Drupal core and top 100 modules to a USB stick on my command... Drush with a bash script?
RT Back to ya, today from Mid-town Manhattan -> Long distance cheers 2u!
Morning everyone! Had a rough night last night but it's nice and sunny *yawn* today :)
Workplace #safety tip: Rest the muscles of your eyes by focusing on a distant object occasionally
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
made valid points about entitlements for women on like #FMLA. Funny, they aren't entitlements once you use or need them
MySpace <U+2192> Tumblr <U+2192> Facebook <U+2192> Twitter <U+2192> Try my new favorite
that is cheesy like their theme song by Scott Stapp
Next week's schedule starting to look pretty slim. I got 2 classes finishing on Tuesday.
oops really rocks!
me & are coming to see you on Oct. 30. what would you like us to bring you?
Indeed, it did!
So check it out...2012 is MY year!
Likewise, Happy Passover.
Urban Betty will be donating 100% of the profits on Sun, Oct 2nd from 12-6pm for the Wildfire Relief Effort. Book your appointment today!
Wonder when will notice me??? -anna
Good point. I've heard that it might fall then still.
oh. i get it. i'm not smart. you knew that already.
bluebird cafe? I almost performed at their tent on the Country Throwdown tour in Illinois!
I always wondered what it would be like to live in a sauna.
Thanks much for the #FF mention, I see you one #FF and I raise you one "have a good weekend."
Spending the day in New Jersey meeting with potential clients on projects. A great week of discovery and design sessions with clients.
Want to check out the contest venue? Join me tomorrow 9 am for MD Advanced TM at VA hospital.
I'm out this BITCH
uh no but thanks.
It's true when they say the nice guy finishes last but the winner always fucks up & that's when I will be patiently waiting with a grin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Helium is dah best
S/O to for being the worst texter in the world
I love Floyd Mayweather. I find his ability to back up his overconfident trash talk very appealing.
#Summer2012 im ready for ya :)
<3 RT you brighten everyone's life that you meet, and don't let anyone tell you any different!
I kinda wonder why you are so Distant... I didn't do anything wrong did I? Maybe it's the fact that it matters to Me at all...
Von Trapp family?
Only a few appointments left for the spa week specials!!! Book your appointments soon! Now through Oct. 29!!!
UP NORTH IS IN!WERE ADVANCING TO COMPETE FOR THE THE HOG HOUSE BAND SPOT!!!THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR VOTING!!!!!!!
What if 10% of the workforce could work from home. What would be the impact on the #environment and the price of #oil?
Congrats to the best player in the NBA as of now, !!
On my way to Baltimore in the snow for some singing :-)
Every man is gulity of the good he didn't do.- Voltaire (French satirist, essayist, and historian, 1694-1778)
Damn you Trebek!
Catch the models of at club aurora with alley boy performing live on february 24th
Anyone have big plans for tomorrow?
Singing a late mass today, then straight downtown for the last concert of the weekend. Then straight to load-in for Drowsy!
put a map of florida on there!
At the #EAMaddenNFL13 QB Generation NEXT event. All these pics of QB's making me twitch!
Hm dominicans or puerto ricans???
Hm new tattoo in the the short future?
No problem! Hopefully, you'll get something through Indy again soon!
seriously, I've never toiled over so few words!
yeah I'm using it for work and play... It will be used every day
Tennis Forum: What kind of tennis racket to choose? | Miscellaneos ...
Start checking into U-Swirl to get all of the perks of being mayor, including #FREE yogurt on Mondays for Mayor Monday!
OH: He doesn't like Wookies on Old MacDonald's Farm, but Ewoks are ok.
New running shoes are the best! Which ones did you go with?
I like the theory that there are both depending on level of infection or level of decay. Both are scary in their own right.
thanx again bro
Well, that is the dominate spelling. I hope they won't loose points because of mistake's like that.
what video editing software did/do you use for your video interviews?
Sorry, been off Twitter for a couple of days. Are you doing one of the master classes at this summer's conference?
Bosson: Why should we approve a map that has political bias?
Who the fuck wrote all this weird shit on me
Fill in the blank: My main goal this weeked is to _________.
And hold me tight, don't let me breathe. Feeling like you won't believe.
Looking for estimate on your remodel project, new custom home, commercial property, or a handyman project....give us a call. (505) 379-2763
Haha, but no find someone to go with because when its over you're gonna need someone to talk about how awesome it was (;
They know their jobs are secure because LA and Franzke are too coarse for TV.
Do you know ? sounds like: gimmick. Actually IS: poetry of the highest caliber. For free. We recommend you subscribe posthaste
Look for someone who is not only proud to have you. But will also risk anything just to keep you.
Someone please help me! I need help with getting my friend to not kill herself!! Shes been getting bullied n wants to kill herself!:( help!!
This girl over here say Nicki is way better than Beyonce.. If Nicki is better than Beyonce then Kesha sings better than Gaga. Delusional.
You and Morrissey definitely had something to do with it.
In the woods listining to the birds and the crickets watching the foxes n deer play
haha!! I love their faces when they get caught!
Thank you! Hope you enjoyed it.
impressive move. Very nice
we will most certainly try. Thanks!
i feel like shit when it comes to thinking
PLEASE JOIN US TODAY for our 1 year anniversary! FREE GRAB BAG worth over $25 with $30 donation! Full Updated Menu www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy :)
I need you to call me today please it is important
want Droid Bionic
Prayed for the conference this AM
I think we can survive tonight. But another 2 games I can't guarantee.
No matter how hard you try honey it's just never gonna happen
love you too :)
Im jason nice 2 meet u
It's sad that my break from my political science paper is to write a lesson plan. Gross. sometimes I really hate school
- Frame that one and save it for a rainy day. haha
... biking to the ballet? Why not?
I'm going to memphis. Yes, I finnaly get to go to Beale street again
They just do what's "cool".
how bout these dogs fukkin jack..... hmph
I believe the couch has ingulfed her!
i would love to see pics
Yep, nice to know your efforts are appreciated!
count me in for 4. Will pay you at the stadium when we get there. Sound good?
Biting into his gum he just got from mom my brother says "m it's almost like food" hahaha
Happy birthday to t$'s lil sis
just did thanks!!!!
that sucks :///
after everything you posted, I just have to say: you are real! Not many like you that call it out like that!
Tweeties: please know that twitter is sending "promoted" tweets on my acct I do NOT endorse Scott Walker
Using pink(?) in a web design for the very first time. Black, grey + pink. I NEVER use pink. Ever. I'm strangely satisfied though...
RT : You will find as you grow older that courage is the rarest of all qualities to be found in public life ~ Benjamin Disraeli
Seriously, if ppl really care about the environment& social equality,how come it's impossible to get anywhere without car in some US cities?
Tonight's original musical from Suggestical!: A Night at Applebees!
Woah, thats hella far! Ehh, i'll tell them to keep an eye out for you. They are 2 muralists ptg down there.
I will only get better
Share away - great stuff!
Such a long-ish day too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
“: Big happy bday to the master of the puerto rican strap match, #itsthebest” -Don't forget ladder match specialist
Such a fun weekend with ! So bittersweet to bid farewell to , but I can't wait to see him on iCarly!!!
Congrats on their Awards noms! Best Group Video, Keep Me In Mind & Best Collaboration w/ , Knee Deep
Is it Friday yet? Meh
Do your #lunch plans include a #senior today? Eating alone has a negative impact on seniors' health.
couldve only been better with an ISA and a S1NISTOR
Hopefully Danny Granger won't mind signing our photog 's overtime sheet today.
: If you got the extra tag SAVE IT
- yeah...it was mediocre at best.
I Love more than #YOU xaxaxa
Any one appossed to me and Cj goin to prom say I. ??
thats hot! I can only imagine
There are doers and there are complainers about how the doers are doing it.
are your gluten free packs also dairy free? I'm gluten and dairy free
should be the beginning of cool stuff to come.
Wouldn't it be great if we could vote tomorrow, avoid the next 9 months of campaigning & get on with it? I'm ready to cast my ballot!
#fabulousfriday follow onetime for love let's get it!!!!!!!! Angels love you girls extra work we have to put in this year #old ...
I dont think jason richardson has played this good since bein at mich state
Today is the 1st day of Spring 2012. What will you do different today?
Follow me Tysoon x
Here's a few quick comments on how I feel about some NFL Draft players, coming up:
": Nigga shot at me and missed , know da lord blessed him !"
Now I'll actually have time for a job! Yuh!
Tweet of the Day: "Don't worry about the world ending today. It's already tomorrow in Australia!"
I don't know, but it's provocative.
hi there. Im good. Just on FB and seein whats up
Is this your first season watching baseball?
The brothers and I will be assembling this evening for
I have a serious question for all my twitter followers... New York Giants, or 'NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS(:'?
#Aliyah is and will always be #inmyeyes #idol #inspiration #truebeauty she left me w a hole in ma heart
This is ugly, man
my little brother came down stairs, seen Hollie Cavanagh on #idol. & said she was 'real sexy'. lol, made my night.
haha.. That's fantastic!
Sorry to hear that. I'm tied up, but I'll email you ASAP!
bubba watson good game man you deserve it your awesome!
YES! I'm so happy you liked it.
i missed out on a #teamawkward convo?!?!?!?! not surprised. i suck. howdy yall
"Disneyland will forever be our magical spot because that's where my dream came true.. You." HAHA. So deep. &Ironic how I'm going today!
new hashtag idea. Its called the #jesstweet. This is when you hate people or complain in general
"cheney gets a heart" is more newsworthy to me than "cheney gets a heart transplant." amazing america survived his heartless reign.
i say we get the breaking news out of the way before the morning meetings. ;)
RT : RT : Thanks for those hugs Aoede!! :) You got it Herb!! It was a lovely anniversary wknd w fam & friends in Jenner-U?
Thanks! Is NLM in the same space as TEI or are they orthogonal? I'm (obviously) new to the subject.
#TodayImWearing my heart on my sleeve, just like Our Hero.
just shake ya rump
I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on now. ~Author Unknown
I know! Awesome and just a little bit scary. You should totally do it! :)
He's not worth it if he constantly leaves you sad
I shouldnt have smoked....i have to work at 4 imma be so tired
Yum that sounds amazing! Hummus is definitely my new food addiction
Woman says wait for the Christmas lights - Owen Sound Sun Times Woman says wait for the Christmas lights Owen Sound Sun Times An Owen Sou
Lathum why are you wearing a batman mask..
Who ever say she a nine and she mine I'm a take her to a newer level..
Destiny can eat shit and die.
How did I live before I met ?! Despite the fact he doesn't live in MIlwaukee he's for sure day 24's WONDERFUL
Building the set of Top Dog Underdog will be a hassle this weekend -_-
“: #SomeoneIWantToMeet ~>” -- Good Morning Ben! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600>
Sounds fun. lol
I know I miss you too! (: Are you staying now?!
Watching chronicle
Cheap food is an illusion
and she doesnt have one at all
wats good bro' how u been man!
Congratulations Leah and on your new arrival! Continued blessings!
He's re-emerged in mass media?
Oatlands Plantation BBQ and music event Sunday 1-3. The trees should be colorful by then. Official #photos of the event forthcoming
Good answer!
...Dalmatian. ER. SO GORGEOUS!!! I LOVE THEIR HIGH NOTES! AND AND AND...WHY DID THE NURSE HAVE HER LIPS ON MY OPPA? Did she murder them?
haha, that sushi was so good.
cosmetics is not a gazillion dollar industry for nothing. sorry, reality sucks, huh?
"There is a zone of nonbeing, an extraordinarily sterile & arid region, an utterly naked declivity where an authentic upheaval can be born"
Hey I love the new opening montage of fight footage.
Laying in bed ,talking to my husband .
Never seen the mall so busy on a Tuesday afternoon :D
yea yea wat u said lls
T2: I read a report somewhere with an HIE admin who said he's seeing some ACOs reluctant to share the data they work hard to obtain
i copy edit so many of my text messages.
No idea what a "Hispanic themes routine" means but Skins cheerleaders will be doing one next game.
Thank you! RT " Best wishes on your work to stop vaccine preventable diseases."
you scared the crap out of me when I saw you followed me. Thanks for giving me a heart attack! xD
8 more days of school! (: Can't wait for this summer!
why would you not just get a laptop? ;)
's dad knows 2 of the Hanson kids... actually their adults now w/ multiple kids... but their still hip!
Come join us at the Sutton Center Parlor at 10:30 #LTNY - what's driving and influencing matter costs and legal spend... +an iPad drawing
My Hair Was So Frizzy :(
Learning is education given to kids by force... according to one of my students... wow!
oh sorry to hear. Hope Kev likes it.
Yeah, not exactly a master of the long game. Not sure it was about Tal Law; replacement law seemed possible before all this.
OH NO!!! RT : Royals put Yuniesky Betancourt (ankle) on disabled list."
Great info graphic! Do you have beta-access to their graphic lab or did you make that yourself?
My throat hurts /:
Busch Gardens tomorrow ;D
[VIDEO]Preezy of the United Steezy: “When your name is Barack Obama it’s always tight”- May 16, 2012
Overheard on the Hill: "forget the birther issue, I want to know what happened to Seamus!"
Thx for your follow, too! I look forward to reading more of your articles; collections are great story material!
I didn't even say good morning twitter
Im proud to be a DETROIT rap artist
Looking for a DC #photographer who might be interested in attending an event & eating/drinking for free in exchange for a few photos?
Yes, on average that is so. But for some people in our country, their school is awful, their income is much reduced.
Thank all y'all that came to last night show we killed it ......... Brohydemusic. 2012 Let's get Money!!!!
I am stalking the progress of my iphone, currently it's in Louisville, KY?!?! Hurry, I need you tomorrow!!
Using for the library: creating boards to inspire possible Reference Area redesign.
got money for christmas thats all i ever get ;)
College completion agenda will fall short if #equity is not part of the picture.
haha i would if u was at the house
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it. W.C. Fields -
tomorrow also
You're in Niles? I thought you were in Rogers Park?
Life is weird, isn't it? Buckle up.
a midterm, lecture, a lab, and a problem set. definitely looking foreward to all the physics I'm doing today
Haha thanks. Glad to meet you.
I really just wanna inform Mr.Rodgers and get the "ok" to do certain things.
Huge sweep for over Tri City #whlfinal here we come!
Good morning to you. Thank you,I pray you have a great day as well :)
I seriously want a cheeseburger
whack LOL thats y it didn't last long
listen to
RT : Create a career for yourself... Not a job #LetsWork<yeszir pimp
Management is nothing more than motivating other people. – Le Iacocca
I'm loving 's new intro - LMFAO party rock!
RT ApeVazi: RT IntriguingFacts: #IntriguingFacts For beer commercials, they add liquid detergent to the beer to make it foam more.
How much do I have to beg God to let you stay in my life?
Why be a plane man when you can be super? Love that!
I live by YOGO = You Obey God Only
I just earned the Global Domination badge on #Yelp!
& i didnt do anythingg .. #hesatrip ;( maybe he'll believe me this weekend.
correction. I just replied. lol
C'est un bien pour un mal (It’s a blessing in disguise)
how about getting this on normal TV? Not a fan of waiting until this afternoon...
Belated thanks for the RT!
Join for #adchat tonight at 8pm EST. Make sure to follow and use the #adchat hashtag to join in!
I don't know! After seeing their audition videos, I'm so confused too!!
#Edcampme attendees don't forget to bring your own water bottle and coffee mug! We're being green'
you help me write... and clean.
My pleasure! Thanks for being you, and being awesome!! and I had a great time. See you soon!!!
Merry Christmas! It's lightly snowing here in Newport, RI. Where are you?
You're welcome c: <3
I am working at 530 K...maybe a #happyhour?
Tip of the day: the internet.
Good advice, lol
HAHAHA. Oh the joys technology has brought us.
dude, you have a lot of bugs in your house. I'm scared.
seeking a DP for a music video. There is some pay. Email me at
Ha! Love it RT : One of us over here (who shall remain nameless) wore Rocket Dogs for about 4 years too long.
I'm extremely thrilled about the free car wash. Thanks, rain!
I always enjoy life
If you've started using Pinterest, there are some things to be aware of (especially around the copyright responsibility):...
3 State Senators in WI being recalled will be scared when they see the numbers come in on Tuesday.
god damnit I wish I had realized that was an option. Somehow I KNEW there was no way you could have done all this shit though
I love that place! Great food! -- kalalindsey (). We miss you Kala!!
I'm down to kick some butt
damn that's not bad..
6. School. Days. Left!
What's YOUR motivation?
how we love the Pigeon in my house! A new book is a treasure.
What a great fucking ending to a even fucking greater day.
ha, are you in 432?
Waking those up who sleeping on me. Every year i get stronger and my fan base grow longer.
IZve been working
Discounts for Unemployed and Students. Learn SEO for only $100 at www.SEOSeminarLosAngeles.com Oct 15th in Santa Monica
If I could go back to that day I met u I would walk the other way u destroyed my pride for like a year or so
You're great either way.
OH: this is like Cheesecake Factory good
Thanks for the follow!!
just started TELL THE WOLVES I'M HOME so can't say much, but it's looking good
morning ms Ga
Thxs. How are you doing? I would really love to speak to you some time soon. Have a great Sunday
sluggish route running -- the wide outs look a little dazed.
Yeah , ! I Heard It Someone Told Me . Because When The Cops Came I Began Walking And The Cops Been Driving Around A Lott
Kill me.
What's New?
I'm watching middle schoolers play flag rugby which really just looks like a lousy game of catch.
'I wanna fuh (la la la la) you like an animal!' Yeah, didn't work for me either.
He was a brilliant Journalist, who fought hard to defend our rights.He was also a kind, caring man. He called my dying Mom.
braces fucking make my teeth hurt! ohwhale -,-
thanks for the shout! Great to see you, too!
well you know that gets good ratings. so it's hard to tell what it's really like. no flooding yet?
The Taliban had banned TV in Afghanistan back in the day 20 years ago
"soccer baseball" sounds so cute. If they had called it that when I was in school, maybe I'd been picked first stead of last!
Talking behind my back is like I always say- talk to my ass
Driving around. Egging the town. Always got my windows rolled down.
if you dont like one thing about someone every thing else they do starts to piss you tf off for no reason
Jack Flowers from the Boondocks?
"I kind of blame Hot Topic in a way."
Are these vocals going to be on a CD released 'soon'?
Right?!!? So jealous!! She looks amazing - and that word doesn't even do it justice!
I know. Tell me about it :)
Seriously check out !! They are so refreshing to hear!!! They could be huge!!! :D <3
She DISRESPECT'S my friends then I lost all my RESPECT for her i'm srry for sayin dat!!
Shades of Grey romanticizes sadism & brutality. A horrible message! Too many women at abuse shelters, killed by boyfriends and husbands.
Lol , me & your dad need to have a chat , Like everyone needs a phone now days !
I am biased, I know :)
We would be honored to go! We promise to behave :)
Received a thank you note from a wedding I went to in July yesterday. I bet it didnt take you 9 months to spend the gift card.
Our #Android version is being submitted to the marketplace this weekend! #ModelUN WIN
awesome! thanks for letting us know :)
LMAO! "Bubble accessory"! I love it.
planning a bigger #barcampabq for 2012 - probably Feb. Come down for that!
#NBA Seems like the PG's in the skills event could be playing a bit harder.. They are playing for a kid it should be full effort..
What is the name of that video??
No never heard of it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA it's LIFE you dumbass!!!!!!!! Not light!!!
Just got back from Chicago... Man,... what a Breeze...!
RT : Chewing gum has been proven to improve a person's mood, while decreasing anxiety and stress.
Show de carnes.
": if u dont know by now beefing on twitter will get yo ass beat druged out the house stomped and put on world star lmao"
LOL Thanks Vince
If you wish your merit to be known, acknowledge that of other people.-Proverb
So stoked for Saturday, but I still gotta sell 2 tickets...
Heading to the Grand Piano Bistro for some YPC networking!
i would so love to be justin biebers co-star in a music video..pfft i could totally pull off the pocahontas look
are you in So Cal all weekend? I'll be in Los Angeles Friday night.
RT When you see Santa , Snowmen, wreaths, ...remember the true meaning of Christmas.....Tim Tebow !.. U mean !
-Hugs You- Are you okay EJ?!?
Be on the lookout for & her video camera--participate in our latest membership video by telling her why you joined TLA!
Hey I love you booboo ^.^
Gonna get home just in time for the Celtics!
haha she drives me nuts!
Jamie Oliver: obesity responsible for 10% of all health bills in US.--->smoking accounts for ~7%. I want a damn Twinkie tax!
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & I for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
Well-written! My advise? Don't wait 4 teachers. Policy is no hitting=visual. Girl abuse=verbal. Hard 4 them 2 recognize this.
working on making a small backlog of blog posts... Hopefully I'll have a blog (maybe a pinterest) in a week or so.... hmm.
Love the birthday wishes from friends! Special thanks to my BFF for her presents!
Having Tacos for supper. I always get yelled at for putting to much meat on my taco. -.-
Im your 100th follower!
June 14th. I think it's a Thursday..
I realize everybody is watching "Idol," but there's a very interesting program on NBC about brain injury in girls soccer.
had a great day watching my daughter perform on Main Street and went to my great uncle's 70th BDay party
The toilets are so nice that I just crapped on the floor next to the sink.
Don't forget coffee time tomorrow, Wed at 10am. I'll be there, will you?
Getting some food!(:
Almost 1000 words in this book review. I'll probably end up at 2000 and have to cut 500-700, but ... half done!
God is in Control, He is always Sovereign! Lord guide my Steps...
There have been so may great interviews with San Diego's art world leaders and leaders from AFTA and the business community. Coming soon!
At Jett Foundation event at Alma Nove, so many inspirational women: Christine McSherry, Christie Coombs, Marianne Leone, Dot Aufiero.
I can't stand your video yesterday (Day 90) SOO CUTE!!:)
Glittery Jewerly any type of jewerly
We are making a music video for a pretty big band on an island right now
absolutely. newt can articulate issues of the day in a way the mainstream media does not want the american people to hear.
I wanna b like u when I grow up
am i ever concerned w/ any other type of pie?!?! This is not a day for fish tacos my friend
Thanks for asking... Our 11.12 season will be announced February 13th! So stay tuned!
It's a raspberry cosmo kind of night
Congrats! What a gorgeous cover. Certainly does make me feel like dancing!
o.O really? Me too.
Nice to meet Bryan today! We appreciate your business and we'll be in soon for lunch!
Giants or Patriots?
": yes sir, party hard" that's too bad I'm on strict regimen...
found 1 CW soldier's receipt for his discharge papers sewn with a few stitches down the middle where the paper had ripped...
I LOVE
bitch hell naw give him a cake ima slap yo ugly ass...
they should do a teen hoot reunion
guess this means i just have to go back to work, sigh
follow> he's is a real man and gentleman
Afternoon bowl. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
aw twitpic!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS from Gail Boyd Artist Management! www.gailboyd.com
na, I'm three behind. I did zip through the whole first season of #Suits. Wow was that amazing!!
Being an only child must suck... I mean, you have no one to blame for what you did.
Brad Pitt And Angelina Jolie Engaged: Timeline And Photos Of Their Romance ... - International Business Times
but for under $3k for a sweet cam and a few lenses is awesome.
Calm down. Slow down. Playing with food is funner than gobbling it down.
Colton did an amazing job tonight. I'm so proud of him. keep doing what you're doing baby, I cried.
Tonight, Thursday, 7pm: No One Knows About Persian Cats It's about an Iranian band, was shot secretly, and is not a doc!
T's Place + BBE= A Good Ass Night!!!
It is wonderful! 70 degrees and awesome pretty much all the time!
My wife just told my 10 year old boy,"If you don't go to bed, Sandusky is gonna get you!" he ran like he'd seen a ghost or the boogie man...
One more hour.
so could the twin apparently..
I has fun chatting with you today... Let's do it again soon!
Still thinking about getting drunk tonight too >.< lmao
Have a nice week everyone!!
i like paul at super welter/jr middle but i like how he want one of the Mexican Champs and no parts of James Kirkland
i find steps does better while i'm sbing delpo and ivo.
Fathers day and video game/movie day
He said, "Boy if you'd left me alone, right now I'd be fishin"
Tennis anyone
The show will end. The boys will go solo. There'll be no more 'band'. But one thing's for sure, I won't stop supporting the BTR guys. <3
feeling beat up and that I can't do anything right today. Hate days like this.
I'm more of a "friend" anyways.
Just loving someone exactly how they are in each moment. That's freedom
I have a boyfriend, sorry.
Another win for SU football! Congrats <3 u!
I'm crying! They won! :D
Thanks for the #FOLLOW you know the gurl
HEY! If you like 1D please follow for funny One Direction tweets! We're a new twitter just getting started!
I used to give a fxck, Now I give a fxck less!!
Starting to think my moms right..
This game is intense!! Great job by OKC!!!
we shop there weekly
Its here
im trying to get a hold ofmy elmentry school teacher shes very nice
Stacy Wolf puts hit songs from 60s musicals back into the bodies and voices of the women who sang them on stage.
demi tour dates please :-)
whoops, #fatfingers. RT "Talking to survivor of #cruise shit crash, it sounds so scary on board that ship"
check your inbox ;)
Whaaatt? My 20thh???? RT : my BDAY Sunday too! Make sure it's cute when I walk in lol
LOOKING 4, FIELD GOAL 24 BABY!!!!
Gotta C in Human Geo. . Smh. Idgaf no more.
My grandson shot his first deer & my granddaughter got a new puppy. It was an exciting time at my house last night. Have a good day everyone
What to do, what to do.
YES! ED! WHEN YOU'RE IN INDIANA NEXT WEEKEND, COME LEEDLE WITH US AT STARBUCKS <3
Not gonna lie I've hurt some people over time, but you, I don't even know what I did to you.
I have more info at work if you want it-- on the austin project that is
HOW'S MY BFF......AND HER PRETTY MOMMY????
The browns have a hard a** schedule this year!!! **screaming go browns**
Things Are Good...You?
Paul Rand kicks Milton Glaser's butt
:) Love you guys too.
your still in sschool?
idk hes sleeping in his room right now
you're not following me. :/
oh snap! Which video?!
Try this again. Night friends! xoxo
Hello #blogchat. Everyone ready for the last week before Christmas?
Thank you! i guess becuz i wont go to PR tom, and i go when am sick or worse! just need me time!
Trip over love, you can get up. Fall in love and you fall forever.
RT : Big congrats to and all at and on today's news! See you guys at #DrupalCon!
me too gorl. is that you in your icon? c:
Alera Wing Back Swivel and Tilt Chair, Mahogany Finish/Oxblood ...
well u have more in in your mouth that u have to swallow
Happy Halloween!
what the hell
i wish i could go to the mall without going to the mall.
Y'all if u want ur tweets sent to my phone just RT this :)
3 of my shows had their season finales today ;__;
Our Wild Workouts & Wellness T-Shirts are only $12.00! People love them! Pick one up next time you are in!
I Have Headache From All Of The Freaking Bull Crap I've Been Putting Up w. Lately.. Like With No Due Respect FUCK EVERYBODY. Yea, I Said It.
HELLO! Everyone how r u?
You may also qualify for help from a home ownership scheme.
Such an awesome day at work!
Feeling horrible. Can't wait to sleep.
It's an absolute gorgeous day in #SF! How are you spending it?
it will be worth the wait :))
where were you tonight?
i love you andrew <3
A black woman told me I was the first white boy she has seen that could fill the ass of a pair of cargo paints. Booyah.
A little Face to Face tonight for ya? Good man. Give Trever my regards.
Running about 10 minutes late.... Thats about right.
Why do I even bother ,,,,,
got that right
John Witherspoon~ Never read a book through merely because you have begun it.
my pleasure and cheers...
Just found out our song "Close Your Eyes" was featured on MTV's Fresh Meat 2. episode 5 @ Danny & Sandy's challenge :)
people need to start tweeting! next time I pull down my timeline I better see some CREATIVE ASS SHIT! :)
Anyone know of a badass/professional meeting space in Baton Rouge that fits 50 ppl?
I want to see you. Let get outta here.
Now I can't go back to sleep D:
there's a difference between war & genocide, people.
I think I know what I'm doing on 9/23 RT : #RVA's first half-iron distance tri! Registration now open.
u get my DM fool?
We can do all things through Christ who strengthens us..
GOODMORNING i know im late lol
as promised, two new interviews up today! one in 30, and one later today. amazing bands you won't wanna miss.
i don't think you understand the amount of despise and hate i have for the yankees - mr.rust
I had a dream i was going to have a bad Sunday Morning and right when i wake up my mom is telling me to get ready for church at 6 am
Type Chris Bosh into Google and look at the suggestions - top ones are Twitter, Gay, and Flop.
here's a few from some kids ive worked with
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 2
this is your gayest tweet yet. thank you for the breaking news.
Your Welcome!
No pain in my cervical spine, first time in 19 years. Thanks to
all hoes aint sweet they messy mane
& Merry Christmas to you as well.
The drive from Minneapolis to Norwood Young America would be infinitely better on a Harley. I should get on that....
On tumblr right now for all the wrong reasons
My apt complex tried to say my car registration was out dated and would tow it...maybe they should get the correct tag and state next time
The most annoying sound in the world? Loud, obnoxious, Southern girls on an airplane.
Time to shoot you some stl r&b. Let's work
Sure. I don't know if would be there for ya though. ;-)
For the NCAA Tournament to date our projected data is - ML 80% ATS 61% Totals 68%
The flight attendants thought I was either distraught or never been in first class. Well it was the former
oh yeah n u know we fux wit u allday sis
About to head to Yankee Stadium for the BIG 4: Metallica, Slayer, Megadeth and Anthrax. Oh my! Pray for me. :)
first time I've ever heard our success attributed to isbn! Seems preposterous to me. Care to explain?
and I don't want to see any excuses for this team's performance from Knick Fans let's save it
“: RT what's up RNGeezies??!?! Should we uStream tonight?? :D” YES
Lets hope its a ice cream bar...
Making new friends with neighbors! Yay! :]
awsome we out here getting it these niggas need to get it right bout to turn superman to litte boy spittin kryptonight
A majority of Facebook users fall into the 18 to 25 and 26 to 34 age groups followed by the 13 to 17 and 35 to 44 age groups.
Jason Price asks, do we need title lists? What the heck abt these lists? Who sees value? Pubs apparently dont. Interesting light talk
So you're going to root for the Clippers? Good luck with that. cc:
I'm not messing with no more boats -__-
lmao syllabus says paper and PowerPoint ha
mahn!! this summer is almost over.. no more sleeping in ! but this summer was fun:)
I'm so excited for you to be here and experience the Portland office. Can't wait to see you, Mall-roy!
no, but a couple people did. oh well...I survived.
J'Nan: It's like a trap. If someone pulls a gun & you don't have one, what are you going to do? And if you do and you get pulled over?
And just as we have borne the likeness of the earthly man, so shall we bear the likeness of the man from heaven. 1 Corinthians 15:49
You've never had a California burrito!? They are my favorite.
Today in Literary History: On March 16, 1850 Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel THE SCARLET LETTER was published.
wanna hear Champagne & Chickenheadz
Ralph's great grocery store on 9th & Hope
awesome! When ya back?
Life seems to be exactly the way we see it at the moment. It is necessary to change their ideas, as immediately and will change lives ...
DAMN THAT POP SICKLE WAS EVERYTHING!!!
thanks a lot!
the devil wears prada
Its almost my birthday :) its on wednesay
you and JB are doing that tour??
HFC has successfully completed the TOEFL iBT process and is ready to deliver the TOEFL iBT exam.for more information call 703-5220005
just got home from watching the ringling brothers<3
lol you are making it on your own just fine. I'm only here to keep you from hitting your head in the doorway. Make sense?
Just shoot me an email when you get it laid out. Looking forward to hearing it soon.
Clear & cold overnight with temps around 30 degrees. Partly to mostly sunny & a bit breezy for Christmas Day with highs in the mid-40s.
#ifonlyicould stop loving you.. Easier said than done.
I need the help of the #BBN! My wife needs to get off the couch and get things done but I can't get her up off the couch!
: Yay! Many thanks!
I'm still sorta in love with Adam Duritz after all these years
They win tonight and the #Caps need to definitely do what they can to keep both Semin and Green
psst. i'm sort of hoping she does win it. and gets back to winning a bit. am cautiously hoping. not optimistic, just hoping.
hey you!! Think I saw you at the mall the other day. Would love to catch up sometime soon! :)
Realized that even though the Indians top their division and the Sox bottom theirs, they've won the same # of games. I hate competition.
All Dogs Go On the Roof
hopefully for spring finals I'll get to study at instead.
Another day in Los Angeles, no matter how many times I come here I can never get used to it
First Rule in Life. Trust no one !
Please say a prayer for all of those struggling with eating disorders, self harm, mood disorders, and substance abuse.
come on. An 8 year old is battling cancer right now and all she wants is to meet you.
Why would they do Katrina's hair like Adele's?? Stop it.
Get out of debt & stay out of debt. Living a debt-free life is healthy for you financially & healthy for your marriage.
I was very sad to hear that Moebius died on Saturday. I loved every bit of his work.
If the sun stopped shining suddenly, it would take eight minutes for people on earth to be aware of the fact.
Amanda Knox, you know there is just some ways you can tell when a person is guilty or not, Amanda if I was on that jury, you're NOT GUILTY!
M bagels from Panera Bread = amazing breakfast. ^_^
like your photo
Putting it out there...I need more voice work.
Here's how you know if you're ready 4 this #musiclife.. if you're not asking to urself "what if I don't make back the money I'm investing?"
Very fascinating (and blood-boiling) read: "The End of America" by Naomi Wolf. It's also a documentary. Not for people with heart conditions
thanks for the follow. I love your black and white of Snoop.
Intro to Lindy Hop, part II - tonight! We had record attendance last week. We're gonna finish up the swing out & then on to cool moves!
Standing in hail--I love it!
great, thanks for the info! I have put my registration for #sta2011 in the mail.
Well Packers fans who thought last week's game was a tough way to end the season, at least they didn't lose like the teams did today, wow
craigslist can be crazy at times. Check out roommates.com I've had better luck there
tough loss for man!
Workaholics never gets old.
Thanks to for the follow. Text messaging can be a great way to enhance guest experience. Ask us how! 918-271-0062
Develop 10-week modules on popular topics - such as alternative energy. Impt for them to be able to communicate with their families
this trend was all fun and games but forreal #fuccyoumean #itsokaytocheatif?
Excited for my audition tomorrow in Tally.
#incaseyoudidntknow is the founder/runner of Go follow me ;)
Can't wait for #KnightLife - need to work it out on the dancefloor! /via
Some people are always grumblin because roses have thorns
says Jets GM Tannenbaum will aggressively go after lefty backup QB...Mark Sanchez, Tim Tebow and Kellen Moore?
Thx! RT : Top 25 Minority Execs in Healthcare recognizes chief medical info officer - Congrats Geeta!!
Another good production meeting!
my brother is behind the times...He doesn't know his address...He is an odd ball, but I love him!
It is never too late to be who you might have been
Thanks I do feel much better today :))
: I didn't hear anything she said after that.
You, too. It looks like fun!
Come back soon!! Chicago misses you already! :) <21
ive been busy and havent had time to think of a come back, but this is not over
Second Harvest Foodbank is in need of volunteers. Seeking help year round for food sorting & repacking! If you can help call 216-7214
Thank u so so much for following me I luv u! Ur my hero! I look up u! Ur what keeps me going!
I want
MEXICAN MAHOMIES LOVES YOU WE NEED TO COME TO MEXICO PLEASE PLEASE #AustinInMexico :D
at least one habbel gets it
Great day at Be Well Walk yesterday! Thanks to all walkers and Michael & Susan Dell Foundation. Lovin' LadyBird Lake!
Is anyone else having a issue with Facebook loading this morning? I have tried both of my accounts and cant get either one loaded.
Gonna miss you boo <3 Have a safe flight :)
follow back
what kind of dicks have you been looking at??
Over being sober
thank you!
I was a little
Ahh an R2 that doesn't get stuck x) woo
On a New York subway you get fined for spitting, but you can throw up for nothing. – Lewis Grizzard
i still think about this all the time - hm & 2 fountains to choose from! I'll give an email!
You're welcome!
I'm on a list that sends insights into what's going on developmentally with my baby.Today "Your clever toddler in week 56: Wary of robots."
Who's got some new music for us to listen to?
Where are you guys watching the Caps game?! Trying to figure out a post-crawfish plan before I'm too blitzed to coordinate.
#Savoy had a really good turn out tonight...no drama or bull shit! ONE TIME FOR PITTSBURGH! WE RUN THIS!!
Amazing TWITTER deal. 50% off @ The Clifton Inn for dinner tonight and tomorrow !!!!! Call now 434 971 1800 for reservations
Thousands gathered at the rally demanding justice for Trayvon Martin in downtown DC. Inspiring...
Modern medicine has already discovered that love increases the human immune response. Create more love everyday.
One Fish. Two Fish. Red Fish. Blue Fish.
Do you love this shit? Are you high right now?
What the Muslim Brotherhood Stands For
Interim Police Chief offers to help protectors get to Port of Oakland as long as they are peacefully
“: You can tell I'm not a basketball girl, I just asked what world peace was lol” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> lmao Shay!!!! #smh haha
This day has been great! #STATECHAMPS :)
There are a lot of people here! When are you coming?
Really bad accident at NE 42nd and Columbia.
I guess it's going to be one of those days.
Just passed 8k tweets...:)
Keep up the great work in your jiu jitsu! 12-0. Wow! We've added grappling to our Battle of Atlanta 43. See www.Sportjujitsu.
watchin tv with mom and dad.....oh what fun!
Validation of awesomeness tonight with ! Remember how cool we are, lady? ;)
Spent the past week in the Hamptons with my sister and 3-yo nephew, Of to NYC tomorrow for a few days of urban culture.
favorite girl I know its old but its my favorite song ever
hey, now.
: Ha! The good ole days were 45 & 78 rpms on Turntables. BTW Western Union Telegrams were the early Twitter. :)
Just saw Julia Roberts snogging her husband on Bleecker St.
I would do anything to be able to just go run
Lyric love from our favorite photographer<3 RT: Kill your fake smiles, 'cause I'm climbing further than you'll ever reach.
yea..what said
Worst. Day. Ever! Gonna try and go to sleep. Goodnight mahomies ~Maddie
you're doing the Europa too?? See u on that stage kid
haven't seen anything, but what the word on Matheny retaining McGwire at hitting coach?
we like you the way you are :)
Architecture causes visitors to make choices
Hey there, congratulations!
Thx! Sorry missed you! Hope you enjoyed! :) RT : are you here right now? Congrats on Day One of #RISEAustin12!
RT : currency is dumb cheese to me... somebody need to steal his mic n bury it!--I'm still waitin 4 that niggas words to rhyme lol
Apparently an Arnold Palmer made with pink lemonade is called a Tiger Woods. So, there's that.
Rain or Shine.. Californos is here serving up great fall menu items - come check them out tonight!
Erin, we removed some links but the discussion function works the same as it always did. Just scroll to the bottom of the page.
tehehe good ol` tiny chat antics
I miss you a lot!!
Thank you for following!
Everyone using the #sbchat hashtag tonight will have the chance to win a copy of #WinningtheCustomer courtesy of
How is Social Media changing health care for new providers entering the field? How do new providers stay on top of changes?
Secret service for Newt and Santo? This is adding to the national debt & deficit. Wasteful spending
#whatmakesablackgirlmad When You Mess Widt Her Kids .
what about us Gooners already in NYC?
FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW
-- may as well doit now, get an interim, and then have the GM hire a... oh, wait. that's right. they have no GM. oh, sigh.
please follow me!! I am such a huge fan I watch every episode of icarly and I think your gorgeous!! It would make my day!!
lets make this day count, for all u ReVestors out there put in some offers.... Don't let fear stop you!
You're super talented!!
Are u guys doing any twitter contests for One Direction?
Morning is not a good morning without a cup of coffee
Please join us.
thank you!!
is tatted the fuck up! S/0 to him tho! :)
just be you justin. the right person will come along and fall for you with that rebel spirit you have. i sure like it !!
Proud to announce that I will Clinic all 300 LAUSD Head Football Coaches on June 9th. Big Shout Out to Barbara Figge & John Aguirre
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: Half way home, so tell us your favorites #Indianabeer & #craftbeer lovers in
Conan, what is best in life?! To lie in a hammock, reading esoteric pseudo-biographies of disgraced Republican Presidents!
ha, I called them and went in to make the change and already had it entered. So they must have already called. :)
always a pleasure you bro! So happy you are back in town :)
haha. I think we all do.
will do drawing inspiration from Makers
Dear , just curious, which other of 's accomplishments will you generously offer to take credit for?
S4 with my boo !!! Drunk ready to hit the club in dallas!
Happy April Fool's Day! Hope you don't get TOO fooled! :)
Superintendent earns how much?
whats your email i wana send you some of my music
Tough Loss!! TOR ML will win your money back tonight
I thought someone took my pants in as an #aprilfools joke. Turns out, I'd just bought smaller pants.
Wait, what time do the movie starts???? Aww, dang.
< the bulls & the washigton caps.
Romney laughing at this, too. RT Log Cabin Republicans blast Obama for "callous & offensive" support for marriage equality
Hrmm... ? No? I need 2 actually speak to my friends more often. Especially now when i'm too sleepy to cook or walk 2 Sonic :)
In my opinion, the only thing worse than not peeing when you have to, is not sneezing when you have to... I've been guilty.
I need your twitter shoulder to cry on over what has happened to our team in the past few days...
Aw thanks! It has been pretty good so far but a bit tiring. I'm ready to sit down with a book. :)
Big win for TWrecks at Dexter's trivia night! Good omen for the upcoming kickball season.
rofl.....omg I love u lol
Gary Myers, NY Daily News, coming on to talk about the NYC Super Bowl in 2014! Mile High Sports, 1510
ohh, well. Won't he bring yoou? Lol nd did you ask if I could ride da bus home wiff you tomorrooww? :p
32208 try it!
Junior Lake, who singled in his first AB today, doubles home two in his second AB for TEN. Lake now hitting .345 since coming off DL
Such weird dreams....
Pretty sure half the editors in the office had -
ah!!!! time for pretty little liars!<U+2665>
Due to overwhelming capacity and interest, the talk just moved to McCormick Screening Room!
yes and yes.
Someone come over and make me food
Sunday Night Opera. Richard Strauss asks the question “Which is the greater art, poetry or music?” in his #opera Capriccio at 9pm.
aint nobody tryin to get hit with that dude hand ! #Heats vs
oh ahah okay
yea I am....I'm really sleepy this morning
i aint as good as im gonna get but im better then i used to be..
Sometimes I think my blood sugar meter is programmed to spit out completely random numbers. #bgnow 117
I never said he was an angel. Just a more complex portrait.
I think I will never watch again, you are soft on #GOP & a TEABAGGER! I will
Welcome to New York<3 :)
If you want to catchup w/ , he mentioned "cutting loose" at (I'm glad to shake him.)
I got a flat fixed there once, and I was definitely looking over my shoulder the whole time. It's across from the bus station.
. - you were awesome with this morning. Thanks for coming!
Getting ready for the weekend! Triglav home opener... kickball, Balin, Softball, Beersbee! Cant wait
Money is the motive! Haha.
Correct, but the antidote is change perception of public.Charters wrongly perceived as different,public not!
Time for the Sunday TECH updates my Twitter friends...here we go!
Not yo type?
I will visit this summer for sure!
About to head over to see the new "The Face of the Ghetto" exhibit at the UN. Pls tweet if you'll be there!
oh well i am follow u can u follow me plzzz!!!!!
Agreed. My helmet saved my life on 11th St NW 4 years ago RT I'm pro ridership, but helmets should not be optional. Sorry
it's so frustrating. i don't know why i still get my hopes up. when the other team goes on a run i get a feeling of inevitability
this move "the devil inside" sucked ass i got more scared when hulked got mad in the avengers
Anyone want a Mahoneway sub? (; -Kayla
Hope I dont see my ex on sunday
I second myself! (can I do that?)
The only motivation for resisting voter ID is fraud, sparky. “: prove it or shut up!”
its a tribute band for band guns n roses. They are usually.very good. But booze and music for me is a good combo lol
#itaintgoodsex if she cnt take it frm the back... lol. W.O.R.D.
Eatin fruity pebbles!!! :)
I've literally been hitting snooze for two and a half hours. #48HRL recovery.
Umm no <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : Black over EVERYTHING!!!!! Right !!
RT : Support the Y! Support our community! Register for our St. Patty's Day 5k, 10k or Leprechaun Chase!......
Mitt Romney makes a clean sweep today taking DC, Maryland, and Wisconsin. Would the other two just give up already?
Skeptical? RT: UNC offers lifetime digital storage to its students tinyurl.com/64ukbkx
If your a belieber, jonas fan, cody simpson fan, or SHAKE IT UP Fan go and follow he is a really cool actor
happy #Wellingversary <3 meetin u guys was so fun and i cant wait till this summer ! #3month :) love u all!
Thanks for sponsoring the 2012 CP Cal Celebration 7 last weekend! A great time had by all!
Thanks for an awesome two weeks.
Our very own is live tweeting #seapavaa16 ! We miss you Benny! Good luck on your first tweet rodeo!
answer your phone lol
heaven forbid.
Had a great 2 days @ Grandview Elem. Almost every 3-5th grade class mentioned "power" as a reason why some kids disrespect others. Awesome
I'm not sure if I can get any more tan, but I'm sure willing to try if it's going to be 80 and perfect today.
all of those guys, also jonathan eig, howard bryant, obviously laura h, jane leavy
Today public sector workers taking "industrial action." Great term for STRIKE.
I do believe I'll be going to bed a bit earlier tonight.
Uncle junior had me on some purple kush at 8 am...den had bout 10 beers...i was
In the next couple of weeks
I see, so I'm an amateur?! I guess I know where I stand! ...only kidding :)
cinnamon how would u like a lil sugar? ;)
Loss of Wilson is a huge blow to SF He was the anchor for a nasty bullpen which now has no true closer. Interested to see how they rebound.
Does Central even ever make it to playoffs?? Just asking. CC:
You follow so that you can adopt the opposing viewpoint. :-)
Hey, that girl's not wearing pants.
“The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.” -- St. Augustine
we missed you too :)
A little surprising... apparently www.peoplepoweredchange.org.uk doesn't really support people. Their money goes to nonprofits.
#Thethingis people don't know what love is anymore.
goodnight Mahomies, goodnight i love you
I am struck when I meet people who have no clue or are blind to struggling people; they are called Congress.
Lying on a bed of roses, the petals slowly fall. A new beauty with every layer, the music begins to call. - London Rose.
Thank you kindly for the shout out. We're much obliged. : )
That one person you miss with all your heart,but know he's wrong with all your mind. <3
And then I spilled beer all over the couch.
Best #CPAC Speeches:
Got my 1st ticket for a dam HOV lane ur aloud in it after 6 I was in it at 5 45 n got a 165 ticket fuk cops dicks
Haha exactly!! :) RT : And NOW I understand your Twitter handle!
good seeing you too! Congrats to your family. If you need anything while you're in town lemme know. Or even drinks/dinner.
how'd you find it? LOL.
that's right! we are your car-light, bike-friendly shoppe!
staccato riff C/C#/D/F C/C#/D second cousin descending G/F#/F/D/^D/C# G/F#/F/D/^C#
oh my god I know!
Do we have Kanban Master and XP Master certificates? We should have.
I will follow you if you follow me
Great shoot today at Curious Pictures! Why are the scenes with all the blood, guts, & torture always the most fun?!
SVT's 20th Anniversary! Will never buy a different performance vehicle!
RT : April 15th - 21st is National Volunteer week! What can we all do to change the world? I'll document and post my...
appeasing my son's love of soccer (and Messi) to let him watch #barcelona & #milan vs my
Mi One Nd Only !!!
WHEN GUYS PLAY WITH KIDS IT IS A MAJOR TURN ON....just saying.
yep they do
Blasting Katty Perry - Last Friday Night !
vansmooooock you skiing or snowboarding?
What's your favorite type of Motorcycle Helmet? Cast your vote in our poll today!
Try and Try but dont cry!
"Please hold the wedding, I need to take this call."
thanks a lot man. Wish you were here ;)
Got a call from the campaign asking me to consider her for 79th assembly...hard to vote for a board member of genocidal PP
You stole that scene Robin. Ha! Can't wait to see Saturday's episode. Lots of fun at Quality Social last night.
Andrew WK at the Rave in March? Yes please.
Here's a question for you aspiring ornithologists out there. Why does the Spoon-billed Sandpiper have a spoon-shaped bill? Give up?
follow and please :D x79
i'll take that bet
hey selena!! my aunt Arlen made your passport!! love ya! xo
People tend 2 brainstorm better,communicate more honestly & get through process more efficiently with an outside facilitator,
I want a simple and chic arm sling made by Helmut Lang
Just wanted to thank you for tonight's meeting. Very enlightening. Great presentation and great conversation!
I was unaware that employers could ask for that in the first place??
TIME FOR MORE COFFEE!!
does anyone know what's going on with Ping.fm? I haven't been able to login for weeks because of a "redirection loop" RT
that damn door don't screech nomore !
How can I get in touch with your marketing/events coordinator? Thank you much!
I love Detroit too :-)
yep for sure!
Ooh, I LOVED Barcelona. Have fun! (And Wisconsinites always seem to sniff out the Irish pubs)
I wish I was talented.
Hard to explain an SAT trick in 140 chars. Will put tricks on the website soon, even better sign up for tutoring and I'll explain in person!
La dispute has also made an apperiance in the daily musical choice of James
Really cool event. Artists need to get down with the tech!
RT We do what we must, and call it by the best names - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Who wants to be my 100th follower? ;)<3
I hope Brian Mullan comes up 20 cents short at the checkout and has to borrow a quarter from the elderly lady behind him
Worn out.. I spent all day doing pushups and chopping down trees with an axe for a music video shoot haha!
time to lift things up an put them down
is a rockstar... love ya brother and thanks for the pic and props. Be watching at 11...
You are very welcome!
If a lawyer and an IRS agent were both drowning, and you could only save one of them, would you go to lunch or read the paper?
Happy birthday to a fellow guy who batted way out of his league.
A video showing all the different ways that people ask could be a fun and informative video.
you should take a plane
One of my friends from indy was skyping me and his his friend was there, his friend said I was goin thro ur fb wat team u play for?
Alright guys I need help my new gf is really shy and when we hangout she hardly ever talks....what do I do????????
One thing I was looking fwd to this summer was seeing my uncle at my sisters wedding. He won't be there physically but he will be mentally.
Good thing come to those who wait
I honestly had no idea that grad students (others?) were asked to teach for no pay. And do. I got schooled.
I suspect a 'Tremors' type of situation. Clintonville is now 6 degrees closer to Kevin Bacon.
Did you know they serve Dewar's and Dogfish Head on Amtrak? Sure does help the train ride go by more quickly.
omg that sucks, just close your eyes. Aha xD
URHollywood.Biz! Bringing the Biz like no other!!!
When in doubt, just shop online! Not the smartest decision but I've done worse.
Trivia Question: How many moons does Saturn have? Answer: 61 know so far.
didn't I tell you to stop smoking?
i am in tears watching this trayvon martin special. when i heard him scream, i cried. when i heard the gun shot..i broke down. RIP Trayvon
you are eminently collectible
"...These are their stories."
was interested in a headcount on who might be available to pop in at 1:30 tomorrow for the friendly w/ Italy. Just curious...
exactly right, #Bruins need to address all issues now. They look flat as a pancake!
I need folks to help organize for I'll put up a page soon, but @ or dm if interested.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” - George Eliot
K cool yell at me for stupid shit ive had a long day thanks for making my day so much better
I like a long film!
Its been a long time comin babe whoa, just called to see how u been doin late-ly!
sister are you ok?
where is our game at!?
I have...and it does. Learning more about what I'm unfamiliar with only makes me better.
Did you know the Detroit Rowing Club at Belle Isle is one of the oldest continuous rowing clubs in the world?
heh, I was just contemplating making it my personal avatar /cc
NOW IT'S SO MUCH EASIER TO TALK TO YOU YAAAAAAAAAY
Thinking a lot about all the plastic packaging in takeout. 1 week & a few to-go meals = recycling bag full. So, try to reuse packaging.
People still protect their tweets? That shit cray.
I love you. RT : So jelly of all the people see Radiohead tonight.
please visit this blog www.myjamrock.blogspot.com
I wish, but I'm a bed so I can't move..
Where are we headed for lunch? Or do you want to meet me at my office?
Fresh new hair cut :)
Thanks sweetie for the #FS :)
now yanksvsorioles l
I'm still mad....just promise when the nfl has celebrity basketball games u will play #mettaworldpeace #
The new web site design is coming alone quite nicely. Get ready.
Best #2011 #wishes form the #filmmakers and actors from "#the Rabbit Theory". Be the master of your own soul in 2011.
Baby I did post that
Graduation is just around the corner! Seniors, do you have family traveling from out of town?
Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it. ~Marian Anderson
What is the speed of dark?
just got out of the shower and still tired..guess I need more than 4 hours of sleep
He offered an extravagantprice
it's been 2 days and he's worked with him before...
I went there for a while because I needed a break but I transferred out.
BOTTOM LOUNGE TONIGHT! 9pm
I think I'm sick like how do u have a cold all year around ugh
Don't know what Bradley's doing in the locker room at halftime, but if they're smart they've got a guy watching Michigan strategize on BTN.
I love that movie.
Literally anything I do my brothers like HOW HIPSTER OF YOU
Stop by The Chocolate Library for hard-to-find chocolate gift bags from Luxembourg chocolatier Genaveh. 111 St. Marks Place btw 1 & A
sorry, couldn't stop in.
Enjoy it, bro! #RT that so all the movers & shakers know about it!
I'm with ya! Love capers for much the same reason. Don't want to be seen licking salt off your plate... add capers!
At least we've temporarily dispensed with discussion of "the hoodie"
“: "The recoil alone from this gun is enough to break a fully grown Chuck Norris" -Ben Verhile”
yea bro
I'm literally in tears Dylan is a mile away from me.
Tomorrow is my birthday. Bring on the Filet-O-Fish gift certificates!
happy birthday Anna Maria!!!
Tonight, March 30th at 7:00 pm in Cushing 001 learn about the basics of investing from some pretty fantastic women in the business world!
back to work Jess. www.trivgov.com
That is awesome! How did you glue it on? Super Glue?
Fantastic, Heather! Have a blast!!! I'll be cheering for your Giants! :)
"All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast." Forgot who said it, but it's true. I'm the happiest man alive. Also broke.
This weekend join us for an Octoberfest Celebration...$15.95 get a Sam Adams Octoberfest pitcher and fried pretzels.
Driving to Mustang Island, TX. Show at Cinnamon Shore at sunset.
omg I looked so gross. I miss those days though
“: they are annoying” how ?
That's awesome, but I get why you worry :)
Awww shoot! Just booked a SeaWorld Commercial! San Diego here I come <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC>
Hospitality is making your guests feel at home even when you wish they were.
Congrats young man!!! RT : Just officially committed to the University of Michigan!
dm'd it to you.
My phone is so slow:/
“: oml, lol. someone blow up my phone :*”
lol not that im saying i disagree
Wrapping up a busy day at BMG. See all you tweeps tomorrow!
ha, one of those day, huh? i hear you!
Should I plan a trip to Denver and see the Rockies this summer?
Today I feel lazier than the guy who designed the Japanese flag.
Twitter is cool,but what if u DOMINATED 30 search engine listings?
What's your email address?
The show at Celebration Disney was AWESOME! Just landed our flight back in Boston :)
I thought Nashville would win but not this lopsided
My mom has officially ruined my day
Snow showers in DC Sunday...waaaaattt?!?!?! Dreaming of a White Christmas
oh looks like u need someone to cheer u up.
Bitches at work are so dumb.....fuck a game, labor still gotta be met!!!!
Interesting research field: topic negotiation and politeness strategies. Don't think we'll hear findings, though, he's focused on process.
(c)followers(: Congrats on 4k, by the way!(: <3
aw lucky I love chocolate covered strawberries
"Chuck" Tatelbaum's story about being a #clown tomorrow in the 's T-Day Parade should be on
Just saw a headline saying Romney got "testy" when asked about gay marriage. Well played, copy editor.
me too!
What was the mention? Awesome
When you come home from school and put sweatpants on~ amazing ;D
your contagious, tocuh me baby, give me wat you got
If nothing else, I'm eager to see how a film looks in that format.
ditto!!! “: The Legend of Korra...I love you.”
So damn, no T-shirt.
I DONT like him I LOVE HIM!! LOVELOVELOVE RT : Does anyone like Christian Beadles? Just a little bit?
I was just going to say something, but I forgot when I started looking at you.
I'll ask to send one your way this week! I hope you enjoy it! Let me know what you think!
Bru I done got #Jammed up But Imma tell tomorro
#ItsCuteWhen guys buy their girlfriends a bunch of candy & junk food because they know she is on her period <3
Stop creating your drama
I think it's time for a change...
“: Colts have claimed tight end Andre Smith off waivers from the Chicago Bears and waived cornerback Mike Holmes.” Another 1?
DUDE! Excellent choice.
Watch for my pictures when I head down there march 3rd.
Audition prep, Coaching at 1:30, work, Survivor, and Skype time with are you in?
President's concert is going well, I've played for ten minutes, stood outside for ninety
ah of course. thanks for the kind words.
Unfortunately you won't! I'm going to Zac brown band the day before and I already bought Dave tickets for Friday
still sending prayers your way. I'm sorry you are going through this.
“: Good luck on your move today, !” yay! Good luck meg!
Closed for summer vacation; reopning after Labor Day.
Was literally just typing this!! :)
it will be my home for the next week...
MITT ROMNEY IS A WANNA BE BUT DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO BE. IS THIS A MAN YOU CAN TRUST? A MAN YOU CAN LIVE WITH AS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
Big rivalry basketball game tonight in NC! Who are you pulling for? #Duke or #UNC?
<U+200E>"I'm convinced the best songs ever written are the ones we never heard." Ken Veltz, songwriter, neighbor, friend and inspiration
"omg someone tweeted a pic of bagels!" -
RT : OMG has made the legs and base for our unicorn. We can't wait for pur display this friday.
I will ask him tonight!
Cinthya Herrera, 27, gets her astronomy career off to a flying start by producing the first scholarly science pa..
yes!!!! Same group as last time :)
SO MANY BIKES IN WOODBRIDGE
Sipping some Patron on my Cinco De Mayo vibes...
Exactly!! I may have to quote you on that! :)
I wish I could just say, I'm stressed! Instead I lose my phone, think a student stole it, tell my boss, Find my phone And feel really silly.
No. You are wrong.
nvm warning track shot
Mugatu would fit in well in the Capitol.
Bout to be a LONG weekend.
This guy is right on and I had wondered the same thing...
It's too hot outside :((
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others. ~Blaise Pascal
Hey, , you're a Quitter, man!
RT : Regardless of who wins MI, both Romney & Santorum have lost swing voters .
That's what they get for redesigning their buildings instead of 70s-plastic/yuck.
Panel inspired by the "Is this App racist?" #siallopen thread.
yeah sucked it was mostly about his brother Dickey. Guess that was a better story
What films are everyone looking forward to this weekend?
The LA SKINS FEST is now accepting submissions for the 2010 film festival taking place in November. No Submission Fee. laskinsfest.com
u already kno bro im go be famous one these days im jus patiently waiting
lye in the back with your head in the clouds and you're gone...
Hey followers please follow them :) thanks
#HowAboutWe just forget about each other?
There are many ways to give! Volunteering counts.
You have my full support for the direction your tweets are going in tonight.
More people care about you then u think .. So dont think no one cares .
It's Friday and it doesn't feel like it.... Maybe I just need Rebecca black to get that feeling back.
Bestfriends who are always there for you <3
What do i say
Your so silly
Checking into the East Coast Game Conference!
Lmfao not funny!
hi thanks for following, I tweet more from my production account I talk about my other project and about 2shadows
hey heads up! Next thurs me and the boy are coming down! Please prepare for some stupidness. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
thank u!
Who told Star Jones she could wear those pants?
Today I need lots of luck. Fingers and toes and legs and eyes crossed. I really need you to concentrate for me. I think it may be working..
no I haven't
good one :D
Going sit by the pool and sipp on my Fav!!!
My dad just did that. I'm like dad, If I date everybody I text, I'm a real big whore.
You try so hard to impress someone and make them know that you care.....IM DONE WASTING MY TIME!! IF YOU DONT WANT TO ME SEE....BYE
Counterstrike time until Rj WAKES THE FUCK UP SO WE CAN START COOKING UP SOME DELICIOUS PANCAKES
"Dig until you hit rock. Then take out that jackhammer and go a little deeper." - Allison Brennan #write #create RT
'Norbit' got nominated?
100th tweet! yay i just thought id post this for the hell of it.. haha
that's awesome!
I try to think of even your smallest imperfections, to try to get over you.
Joy to the fishes in the deep blue sea...Joy to you and me!
Has now got a bet on the #GrandNational. Come on
Hi Twitter ^___^
Tired of crammed places too sweaty to enjoy Halloween? Come to Buddha Bar this weekend and enjoy bottle service at a fraction of the cost!
If I owned a super market I would absolutely make them wear capes
i would take u to race and ethnicity 101 but that would be the much. Lol
3 left lanes and shoulder of I-40 closed due to crash. Traffic extremely backed up. More on www.krqe.com.
No man is useless while he has a friend. ~ Robert Louis
Spring in January here in columbus!
took an into to PHP class and finally can make sense in no uncertain terms of OPAC results screen URLs! (3)
Well I just said what I want....u gonna gv it to me?
I love living in LA. You get to go to cool events! They're right at your doorstep all the time.
Record now 6-9 with win over west. Game Thursday at montbello vs central
Where we're all these "friends"for Whitney when the media was dragging her thru the mud??? Its shameful?
yeah but it feels so nice I'm finna watch a movie Fuck this
What a lovely Tuesday. Now I can't wait to see the inside of my eyelids! Lol Goodnight!
I agree on Heck. Sane.I haven't heard of any other D running in the 10th. The new boundary is a block away from me. Stuck w/ her
It would choose today to rain, instead of yesterday when I needed it to.
Just got the news that I'll be leading a #WDS attendee session this year on "Creating Your Own Podcast or Online Radio Show"!!! Excited!!!
YES! Jamie Moyer makes Rockies rotation.
Best night with my girlfriend. So blessed to have her. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
You lift me up .. like a kite on a string.
fox sucks
Just found my old book of CDs. Nostalgia central. Flipping thru the pages. Murphy Lee's album is next to the Beatles 1 album. Don't judge.
Me too. They could of made it work
Yah! Both of you at the frontend conference! I've been talking to about ideas for our UX conference! Fun!
Just have her listen to The Birds Part 1 haha
You just wish you were as cool as him.
ha ha! Why not??? Live that it was on some crappy wonder bread. Which is now all over my floor.
Sorry to interrupt your regularly scheduled program. This is a test and only a test. E13B
I'm going to be wired in a few. I've had 2 caramel frappes in 2 hourss LOL
that happened to me a dozen times when i first setup mine... and god help u if u tweak the css now... you'll notice things missing
I'll ditto 's welcome to Seattle message! Look fwd to hearing your preso at #RaganMSFT :)
I hate being grounded from my laptop but I still have my iPod :)
So it was a good book? Lots of media covering it!
You're worth it. SCREW WHAT THEY SAY.
can you tell your mom I said thanks for the gifts from Mexico? :p
We don't bite, we don't ask personal questions. We're here to help. Indigo Mortgage of Albuquerque. (505) 836-5700
RT: All PR people should follow Good stuff is being posted here
I love when people don't fit their stereotype .
Well it's been a day .. And im ok with that
Or a TEDxOhShutUp ?
people can bring in cookie entries mon-thurs. it's actually good to split it up so it's not all in 1 day!
Happy birthday I love you and am excited to live with you next year!
How about no?
what's going on in dallas?
Every 23 seconds, someone is having sex in a carpet store cause it's so hot outside
I followed him :3
A lot of people are suicidal. If you've ever bullied someone in any way, remember that you could have triggered them to take their lives.
you misunderstand me, sir! I believe she was fantasizing (hallucinating=harsh). The door never opened shows it was her mind
All I Do Is Me & Nothing Else; GO FUCK YOURSELF!
Following for photos and updates as and employees plant 110 trees in Daytona this morning!
can you give me a shout out please?
Oh, yes!!! And I have my hat on too.
SO good
I wish! I'm in California :/
Cool! Thanks for coming out.
People were asking a girl in the elevator about her fragrance. She had no answer because the fragrance was mine.
Mayor Hancock: corps and environmental ed programs expose young people to things they would never know otherwise.
What a great day!
Waiting for the train in Portland. Boston bound!
Jimmie Johnson may have finished 1st in Forbes' Most Influential Athletes list, but we had him 37th in the Bloomberg BusinessWeek Power 100.
Prince blew off Sam. "I gotta go, sorry"...and went STRAIGHT to Pedro Gomez and ESPN cameras.
amazing message. I needed that today. Thanks for sharing.
well my cables out so I bet I stay up til late on twitter and playing games on my phone Haha y do you have to be up so early?
lmao aw you're so cute when you're being a jew
RT : what's the last day to sign up for this?August 31st
#Pistons Big Ben will retire his cornrows and afro after tonight. Spent many nights as the hardest working player on the court.
Well, I've googled her name and nothing new came up, so I figured she wasn't involved in a crime or accident. Done.
Going to Vail this weekend? Check out www.VailonSale.com - for the best last minute specials,
Westen on messaging universal #healthcare: say "I believe in a family doctor for every family" instead of "universal healthcare"
Oh you know what we have planned ;)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> what channel?!
Well, at least Margin Call got a nod for screenplay. Better than all of the other #Oscar best picture nominees I saw.
I still want to meet your brother. LOL.
your dog is soo cute!:)
Damn. RT World auction record $119.9 million. Sotheby's museum man Moffett bidding for client, wins Scream.
No, the not neglecting to eat good meals before a big meal or a holiday meal. I always neglect that part!
Carson Daly: Because it's time for a nice -looking white guy to catch a break in Hollywood.
She annoyed me last night. I don't do that Roman Holiday crap. This is...better.
&&& on top of it, not meaning to, my cheeks get SUPER red & hot when he talks to me..& its NOT a good thing!!!!!
Any news editors looking for a story on JPS and the safety of our kids at bus stops, DM me.
Check out True Talent is hard to find
can't.breathe. why must i live in DC where the air quality received a grade of "F"?
When you smile , I smile . <U+266A> <U+2764>
I forgot that spencerport was basically the hinterlands
great post!
Haven't talked to him in days
is gonna go off today at 4. Erase memories of 07 for us Pats fans!
: Mr. 9Cow Thank you! U & Mrs 9Cow have a glorious Saturday. #ff ...
Prediction: walk-off homer from Chad Tracy. It's the only way.
my bad
Me too! RT : I may have played a part in it. RT: Black Friday retail sales hit record, says report
They weren't as controversial/politicized as Obamacare.
Never too late to start getting healthy!Join n Sept.& save! Programs for seniors, families, youth, cancer survivors & much more!
Thankfully I was able to post the DP front page on Facebook, but still unable to share stories.
MW3 baby of course.
appreciate that - same with yours! We'll talk further...
Would love to collaborate on visuals w/ the Parkwood team.
enjoys looking like a bum, and will continue to look and live as such until his unfortunate demise in March 2087.
Loving this November weather!
that would be very frustrating to enter a competition, win it, and not receive the prize.
Need to be up in less then 3 hours to fly home OH joy & Im all wired from a 16 plus hour day at work...Happiness is flying home to Chicago!!
RT : Did you know facilities w/ a featured listing saw 34% more reservations in 2011? Featured Listing Auctions on...
Best No Libs quote to date tonight: "This isn't like Fishtown, Chad. This is a community."
Yesterday my daughter told me her secret robot name (19 characters long) and ordered me to address her with it for the forseeable future.
Ima shed a tear but i really #dontCare... this not the drake album..^_^
I booked a principal role in a SAG national Coca-Cola commercial. It is going to be a great Coca-Cola and Nascar weekend in South Florida!
Yay for Anna! (:
Just b/c something is natural doesn't mean its not be harmful. Doses, amounts and mixtures can make a big difference so proceed with caution
IVAN, YOU ARE WISE
Trumpeter Byron Stripling is in #STL this week for a #jazz education residency, visiting area schools and working with student musicians!
You will have to try it. We like it. It is not Norris Lake. But it is only a 30 minute drive for us.
ah, my booboo is back! :D
I saw that you were having an exhibit - how exciting! Wish I could see it in person. .. Good luck! Hope you sell a bunch!
Media Studies Blog: Shot List
Happy Mothers Day my friend!
Happy Easter everyone from the ELE family
Pre game in the sweet lmao
Offer on the house is officially in! Big thanks to with #reeceandnichols!
did you have one lol
"This is the part of me that you're never gonna ever take away from me" #MUSIC #FollowYourDreams RT
yeah but it was funny how she got "gamed"
One thing we would recommend to anyone is to READ THE LABEL and think about WHO, WHERE and HOW that garment was made.
Let's G-O OKC! #BasketballNeverStops <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
DON'T OVER PAY FOR SIMPLE THINGS !! MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE, HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
it feel good outside...
How would you rate and ?
On the brink of a major panic attack about my exam tomorrow
Well, don't know about you, but now I can sleep tonight!
"let's hear it for the girls"...the market power of women as ROI engines
You might be a redneck if: Your idea of high quality entertainment is a six-pack and a bug zapper.
Been shopping for Halloween costumes for the kids. Kind of sad how many astronaut costumes are on clearance.
. my chances of landing a job just diminished entirely with that hahaha.
Whoa! How'd you get that cool TAP card?
Steve Kerr in just a few minutes to talk NBA finals! Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
So today is two weeks since I ordered...any news on when I should receive it? An explanation email would have been nice.
Public housing getting modern renovations with private help
I missed you
Win every inning
those semester 1 pages are archived. I'll try to email it to you when I get to school.
Do you workout alone or with a friend? A workout partner is great as long as you don't convince each other to skip workouts:)
Is there a link?
I'm so ready for #Vegas. Can't wait for the #NFR and Trents first time to the city of lights.
With at R+D kitchen!!!!
Wishing you a romantic, passionate, fun, wild, crazy & perfect Valentine's Day!
Ready to replace the windows in your home? Give us a call today!
I think fuel-inefficient cars, light bulbs, etc should be taxed more, and then that money should pay for subsidies of efficient devices.
My mom came in to wake me up and I wasn't entirely awake yet...so kinda screamed bloody murder.
you should upload the wine.com app to your ipad
We will be going live in 15 minutes :)
How did I never realize that I'm madly in love with Cole Porter? And also the movie midnight in Paris.
I spent 2 hours and 45 minutes running. 2,107 calories burned.
what are you working with? I've got a Heartbreaker combo at my place.
Brad sighting!
Whoever is street racing outside my house, you're annoying. Stop.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 35
sweet! SMC has great German food in their dining hall. :)
"Time to ball" -Z Bo
Funny: Q4) have stats, graphs, charts, and testimonials of the value I add|In 150 ppt slides w/ugly template & bullets
way it was animated I dunno haven't finished it yet. I like Vivi though :)
There's a possibility. His faces were real funny though.
General reminder ND is closed on mondays.
THX TO EVERY 1 OF MY FOLLOWERS THT R FOLLOWING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND WHO EVERS NOT FOLLOWING ME FOLLOW ME AND ILL THK U 2!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! :D i set my alarm to wake me up to say that, and i'm doing it listening to Florence, Never Let Me Go. :3<3
went to the ribbon cutting at the church you go to. It looks very nice!
Okay! So! Kitten just jumped up and grabbed the dog's collar, dog freaking spun a few times with the kitten holding on. Yowza.
I got twitter on my phone. I am a happy girl.
Thanks for the RT! I hope you all enjoy Episode 4. Things get a little crazy!
Good morning babies.!! One again woke me up
I approve. The original pairing with ASM was too great not to RT, though. My general sentiment much of the time.
Love the Twins. Love that movie. Good stuff! // RT : Life is good. The Twins win and I'm watching Little Big League.
I think that 22 innocent children Being killed in a bus crash proves the fact there is no god.
Aiming to become leading Pinterati. Also just signed up for dipity so may never again have time for in-person socializing!
Tenacity Circus Arts is now on Flickr!
How about consensual sex workers helping to stop trafficking? Ah, but we don't exist, right?
i thought it was clever. . .
Hey, i i think you guys should REALLY interview !! check him out!!
Last speaker of the day is Nancy Wing. Topic is Civil War medical records.
world series!
I hear this often from customers. RT : T1: Like everyone else, staff is pulled in so many directions, too much to do.
#AAM2011 Online fever session: JHU students survey: % like online community tools. 1-on-1 communication was favorite aspect.
Okay. Screw homework. I'll be editingg. (:
No, no - your point is well taken. There's Jackson, too. Maybe someone else will swipe Thomas - is he tight w/Koenig?
yeah, just chill with your situation.
Time for another conference call with my hard working #nabj board of directors.
bienvenue a Austin!
Eish nxa ya ne some church use word of God 2 mak money .pasters stop do wt is not gud 2 gain money tht is a SIN.
thanks for the follow! I like the service.
STAY UP & TALK TO ME(:
Taking a 10 week course in XHTML and it is surprisingly fun.
I have my coffee, croissant and newspaper. Ready to start my day! (Kidding. Just doing things a little out of order.)
SHHHHHH! the law forbids us to speak of it!
so I decided I'm going out tonight and I'd like you to join me :)
thank you! Are u still in LA
are you so kind as to single me out, when I am a foreigner?” 11Boaz said in reply, “I have been told of all that you did for #Torah 37/
Attending "The Future of Ebooks".
That awkward moment when your on the computer and your mom sits down next to you.
you pregnant?
Does the iPad still connect to other wifi sources? If not sounds like it went pad, if so try purging and reentering settings.
Follow this And I'll follow every inch of you<U+263A>
last week is last week not today
well i can now go to bed happy (:
not ripping the actual broadcast. See my last couple tweets. Making fun of them for looking miserable.
"For Ruby to succeed it must succeed on Windows." False.
NOVEMBER 29 Blues Alley - Spread the Word.
Ding, exportation is done!!
I miss you guys. tell everyone I love them!
We are open until 10 to give you more time to sell your books! Bring them to
That's great!
No it doesn't hurt and I am scheduled to get it fixed in July, it's no biggie.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY!!! AND BY THE END OF THE WEEK... IT COULD BE GREAT!!
Hell yea i move back west on tha first
Today's BTU inspiration: "Tomorrow can never be today." ~Amma
That was a very fun and interesting night ;)
French music on a summer afternoon... Too bad i have to work
If you mean 's event, yes! Will do! :) RT : Are you going Mon? I want to hear about it if u go :)
will u come back to the #wwe and kick # brocklesnar ass?
Happy Zombie Jesus Day! He has risen. And he wants braaaainnnnnnnssssssssss
Fooled twice on the same ball through. Wake up!
o yea im supposed to be goin to check the mailbox twitter got me distracted lol
no problem! ived near there for two years so let me know if you have questions!
the good thing about summer coming is no homework
How long does it take to put new rear brake pads on a Chevy Avalanche? The answer is 3 hours and counting...
I guess I got exactly what you feel I deserved. Now that that's resolved, I'd like to stop feeling like a fool if that's even possible.
anyone looking for a facebook design or a twitter design call this guy he did mine and wow its great and 129.00 is cheap, looks
lol it's def not like that
I miss my boo , come back to cbus soon
too bad Tibs did a horrible job of coaching tonight. He let his team down with multiple bad decisions.
Humidity feels like I'm breathing in someone else's air...
Yeah but when you induce a ground ball, you kinda expect your D to have your back. RT Greinke got himself in trouble, thanks.
“: If you aren't suidical by the end of your music degree, then clearly, you didn't do it right. #justkidding”
and chill cus ineeda bust ah mission and get yvettes chucks , buhh come tomorrow morning tho ! around 7 :)
Mentally preparing for an 18 mile run with ...This marathon training is going fast!
Fair point if I actually thought his 5% "out there" was unintentional. I may be overly generous guessing 95/5%.
trying to find studies of how women treat each other for my paper & stuff on bladders and premature ejaculation show up... you fail database
great job on WGN! I am hugry.
oh my god I am so sorry! If you need anything just let me know.
Sometime I ask the lord why me, why bless me. Thank you for never giving up on me.
At the bottom? Where are your priorities?
We appreciate our new followers! :
RT It makes sense Charlie Sheen has joined twitter cuz he's a twit!
White people thing, yeah RT : lmfaoo did that really happen ?
City Chickens galleys are out for review, advance bound copies are at the publisher. Can't wait to see the finished product!
Lunch special starts at 11! $5 Club Sandwich!
They really have the heat on, r they trying to get me to fall asleep
and thank you for yours! You are great Magda! Congrats!
Most popular #mycrazyobsession post is Justin bieber.. I guess at least they're being honest.
Anyone who doesn't hold the door for someone who is behind them should be stoned to death. People are such rude assholes.
Not much of a question to me. Brown's job to lose. RT : - Thoughts on Donald Brown vs. Delone Carter in 2012?
I Just Feel Lost. I'm Not Sure Where To Turn. Goshh Darn This Is Tough <|3 :/
RT i bet shes looking at u like this :') >I know so to thanx
Thanks to Billboard Magazine & the Hollywood Reporter for an awesome #filmtvconf this year. Great panelists/hosts. I'll be back next year!
“: Cheating on someone is a choice, it doesn't 'just happen'.” I'm glad u said this, but do u think cheating is a mistake?
A ALISHA IM STILL TRYIN TO LEARN HOW TO USE TWITTER LOL AINT AS EASY AS FACEBOOK. LOL
Working on my new house
I wanna see a zombie movie soo brutal, so freaking crazy, with brutal murders. ahaha
Exactly, why do I need to sit through these revolting ads? And they are gross. It's not my problem.
LMAO I love messin w/ Genae.... she be so lost.!
Agreed RT Touring the festival circuit w/a film is 1 of the most rewarding experiences 4 an actor :-)
I wanna go to a bbq today
Life without facebook>>>>
RT : Makes sense for NHL'er to wait&see how early NFL concussion cases play out. win by players could open floodgates
watching Paris, Texas now. I couldn't resist putting in the Blu-Ray after seeing all the tweets about it
On the hunt for a handbag!
Oklahoma lacks,
Confession: I actually really love music.
SPONTANEOUS HUG SOMEONE ..........NOW !!!!..doh...Guaranteed to make somebody look at U FUNNY :-P
Oh Snape! I'm on my way!
I guess you won the Super Bowl!
entirely too true, drunkie. And I will bring hammy over tomorrow evening for a little godfather time.
Heh. “: I think the sunshine did Truex's car in #NASCAR”
Glad to know you're here again, look forward to hearing more about what has been up to!
a lil' sampling of Yumbutter this Friday afternoon at Metcalfe's Market . stop by for a snack and a hi-five.
Nope. Knew that since I was 4 years old. “: #thingswelearnedontwitter: People are stupid, obviously.”
Me too ": I'm SO watching the #NCIS marathon on USA network! Fun"
Hate working nights! I never get to talk to my friends anymore and it seems they don't even miss me :-(
yo who took that weak ass avi bro?
if we're open about it, is it really a conspiracy?
Playing Phil Collin's In The Air Tonight in a mostly empty bowling alley on the jukebox
pitbull looks like he smells too....more like moldy cheese though
still upset over this Rangers game!
St. Elmos for sure. Best steak and the shrimp cocktail is legendary. MNF crew always makes it a stop when they're here.
You make me feel so good....I always knew you would!!!
no prblem. thanks for the info!
Just finished Thor. It was amazing. Wow. Excited for the Avengers tomorrow.
Thanks for following! Welcome!
Where you come from is not nearly as important as where you are going ~ Unknown
For Mother's Day I got my mother a card that said "Happy Birthday, Dad". She loved it.
hopefully on Saturday!!
They have it so easy!
Day 4 of Love in the Time of Monsters means psycho squirrels, golf carts and spoons.
Hey Maurice, thanks for the follow
btw, Pho43 isn't that great. In fact, it's pretty bad. I'm just hungry.
but i do feel better now.
It's as if no one knows their cellphones have a goddamn vibrate mode.
yes. Did u rent it? Ill bring the buttered salty popcorn, mr. pibb, and twizzys. You can use ur ab crunch while u consume.
Why they don't sale Jungle Juice's any more. Tragic! Tragic!
it is turning into a good game! and CO is a beautiful state with great fishing and cycling.
Pretty weird I know, haha. But its true. :P Thanks twitter, LOL.
I finally got to add Birthmothers NewHampshire ! Sorry it took so long... Se a few people un-friended me afterall.
I love the Red Sox but loathe the amount of traffic each one of their 80-something home games creates. Oh, and all those pink hat drivers.
News about upcoming projects coming soon!
Bout to be rollin round the city windows down #MusicLoud who's with me?
Happy Good Friday and Opening Day everyone. Fish Fry and baseball all day
": I'm searchin RITE NOW llab!!!" U gone love, shoot that azz straight 2 voicemail!
Anchoring tonight! I'm sure you have plans on your Saturday night, but if not! Watch at 11pm
Going to the lake with the family..
Two big shows going on this weekend. Wilson at Kobo Live August 27th and The PopPunk showcase at Skully's Music Diner the 28th! Come out!
Why do people walk around listening to their music through their phone speaker?
I'll send it to the right person and let you know. Thanks!
Any Joomla developers out there looking for a 1-2 week project? contact me asap
haha thanks for the support sarah ;)
HEY WHO HAS INSTAGRAM? FOLLOW ME
Hey, did you know you can just subscribe to on itunes and it will just show up on your itunes. I didn't...
There has never been a better time to start. Today is it. What are you waiting for? Go.
Yes, I'm there often. Drop me an email at . Would love to chat.
oh yeah, thanks :)
Following you back
I will beat up an old man in traffic !
Just turned over to Fox News...where's the Prop 8 coverage?
And I'm going on a fishing trip in Alaska soon, so amped!!
i want to go straight to your thighs
I love indie rock playlist!
nice. nice. nice.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ?.
can I get a follow! And a shout
Most homeswap websites that I have looked at have a feedback system, and members who have done multiple swaps over the years
WTF Chmura??! Get out of the tub!!!
follow ya boi! I move to LA tomorrow fam...i kno you in oakland though
Who does things like that in real life?
I do not feel studying
omg that's alot.
today's special is at $1000 per ounce. Fresh :D
Hopefully we r biking today at swim!!(:
Relationship Advice: if "I will possess your heart " by DC4C is on your bf/gf mixtape non ironically that might be a warning sign
and I'm sorry, but I don't think you get to apologize after you make a jackass of yourself, and make it all better. God help South Carolina.
Tonight is film night @ SECCA -- complete with popcorn. Program starts at 6 pm. More than 25 short mobile movies to be screened. FREE.
this clip just made my day. Kharma does it exist - thanks for spreading the good the kharma.
thanks(:ha the dolls smiling&my little says"why is she happy that shes getting taken?"so she put a paper sad face on her mouth
We're building the Android as we speak! We'll be sure to keep you posted on the release date.
I was just told that I accidentally unfollowed he is the best follower
Awesome showcase last night to end the Acting for Horror Films class I was taking. Apparently my scene partner and I have great chemistry!
Yesterday I stood in line while the clerk had a long conversation w/ a customer. 10 ppl in line. Really?
STAR Next Week ! :O Theen Mock Algebra I On wednessday! Just Glaad To Know My Teach ,from thiss years Goin to HS with Us! :D #HYFR !
yes! I'm hoping to be done with this draft before my wedding in June ... I think i might be a bit insane.
KDs shoes are going to blow up when he wins a championship
a very smart woman once told me that I use my intelligence like a weapon. she meant it as a warning, but I think she encouraged me instead.
Tim Tebow wins again! Oh and Evan Mayse is the biggest closet Tebow hater. #TEBOW #TebowTime #
New profile picture ! From like October with Jess , I look so different now ! Darker hair and braces ,(:
too personal my fault
Just started grading a term paper on modernist magazines written in French and spanning 40 pages... *single spaced.*
Hey #Julia & all ur friends... 'The People are the Only Sure Reliance for the Preservation of our Liberty' -Thomas Jefferson
It was fun :) What are you up to Geoff?
are we all Kohl's shoppers? get ready for higher quality merchandise because their sourcing costs are set to fall 5-7% this year
You're welcome, Jason. TY for the retweets. 
Spent half an hour working with a student on thesis writing. Victory moment = "The 5-paragraph format lied to me!"
Enjoyed your talk. Don't sweat it :-)
RIP Gary Carter. Thanks for inspiring me to start my baseball career as a catcher
Last day of classes before spring break! Anyone already started? What are your plans?
So the Secret Service agent who follows Obama's dog and clean up its crap isn't allowed to have more than one drink a week?
Has #mubb hit a jump shot tonight?
Show Tomorrow In Upland :)
wus up with you
idk. You scared up there by yourself?
#FamilyMovieNight with the original Willy Wonka. Forgot how much busy-ness there was before Gene Wilder shows up.
much applause for the work you are doing to
thanks for the info
Even the army of standard beauty are not happy individuals.
That fine line between working hard and spacing out...that's writing a story.
sometimes i wish i was gay so i had better fashion sense haha just kidding i never wish that
when my mom left her old job, they finally stopped needing the armoured car to come empty the cuss cup every night
Tonight we go see some #CLE rock and roll at the for the Roosavelt CD Release concert!
Lolz :-D RT : how many hospitals are even aware of the letter.. of MU#2 for that matter...
thanks so much looking forward to the results.
I'll be there.
Has anyone been to a Spring Training game yet? Tell us how it was!
where exactly is the protest? I've seen evidence of this retirement party (folks walking around with cookies on plates)
#POTUS = President of The United States in twitterville.
is making jazz at the Woodstock Jazz Fest with the Roger Panella Trio tonight. 9pm. O'Leary's Pub. Frank Parker on drums.
Find the Victory in Defeat!
A real live Bobcat > Charlotte Bobcats
all girls should feel beautiful. a real man knows to treat a lady like a queen. ur happiness comes from theirs. step up fellas.
hit me up for presale!! October 15th @ Area 702 The Ghost Inside, First Blood, Deez Nuts, A Loss For Words, Hundredth, Kill The Masses?
Don't forget me insulting random guys...lol
I wanna see night two, of course.
why does he still exist?
Do you consider learning to read piano notes first before playing hands on?
I miss seeing mi primo all the time and chillin with him
Oh no! sorry to hear! But I saw lots of East Coasters leaving for the airport at 4.30.
agree... Already heading there
That I'm a little confused on who I am
Oh the irony! Overhearing vendors mock librarians on the exhibit floor. No problem biting the hand that feeds, I see.
Either road rage is a pregnancy symptom or for the past 2 days the roads have been filled with idiots.
What is going on?
People who deny evolution never understand what the theory of evolution is.
For ships a mere reef, for us an immense cavern
Ephesians 3:19. Love is not informational, it's relational.
woke up super late today!
Biology students get their turn today showing research. It’s poster mania in Union South. What’s the best project title?
lol She probably doesn't care. None of them. If so, they'd act better.
Today we welcome 30 prospective students to for the second-to-last Inviso visit weekend of the year!
Follow me<33
Sounds yum! RT Woke up late no time to make a green smoothie. Having this pineapple cucumber juice for breakfast so yum!
The Jammie Dodgers have been secured. Also, Toffee Dodgers.
Man I love not sleeping. No, wait... the other thing.
Eww I think this girl is wearing a thong. That's why it looks like she has a wedgie every day. <U+E108>
Girl you must put yo shoes on before yo socks, Smh must
The heat beat the kincks and now have a 2-0 series lead. Lebron NBA regular season MVP. And will be playoffs MVP and 2012 NBA champion!!!!!
The PGA show is just around the corner, be sure to check out Swing Advantage Golf!
We are headed to the KC Design Battle tonight. I can't wait to see what kind of weapons they bring to design a bunny. #nunchucks? #gun?
Quizno's: Tastes delicious --> Smells of processed meats & generic bathroom cleaner-->You're left cold & alone listening to Celine Dion.
i hate school . atleast therres only a couple weeks left
I'm sure gonna try. It's the day that sets the week!
Oh, interesting! I've only seen two episodes so far (can't get the rest to work yet).
Spurs are winning. No doubt.
Guess what i'm doing tonight?... babysitting -___-
Email or call 617-899-0028 to place your orders.
For some reason, this whimsical Monday has left me wishing I could watch LILO & stitch before I fall asleep. #dreaming of the beach.
i am feeling mean, inconsiderate, and pushy right now.
Yep I always enjoy being in his class every time.
Purple and Pink :) how bout u?
very cool!
Then text me cause I must have the wrong number. L
Sold off amazon at $203. Took a loss, but screw it, I'm learning (bought at $214)
So pumped for boot camp tomorrow
He fell asleep but had heart to heart Convo <3 <3 <3
finish strong! Can't wait I #graduate 1 month from today. Gonna get crazy
Just on the grind man, whats the good word?
We love you Green Grocer for sponsoring our afterschool program with fresh fruits and veggies!
that's why you love mee(;
sadly that wouldn't surprise me. Something should be done with it though. Since Reliant went up there isn't much call for it
Real Simple mag listed PDX as the 2nd most time-efficient city in the country. 2nd only to Seattle, must be all that coffee up there!
oh yay!! Not a solid date yet, but I will of course update everyone along the way! :)
appalled that you a misleading people with lies and political rhetoric
Philly niggas aint the same, stay in your lane.
ha! Thought the same at Qdoba
Thank you!!
Wouldn't it be rude of me to point it out? It's not overt, it's just harsh.
foster the people doing "wouldn't it be nice"? i love this song, but not performed by these clowns
'American Idol' In 60 Seconds: Scotty And Lauren Sing To The End
Sex is great but making love to that special someone is priceless!
gimme one! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Everyone looked pretty today!
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen become rich, have a big house, gorgeous family and a big car
What man's mind can create, man's character can control. -Thomas Edison
“: The average Internet user visits 99 website per month. #contentnow probably about right
Thank you all for your support we gained another 100 followers last night!!!! DFW natives look for on the road!!!
(the Underground Library is secret host to Mysterious Listening - this Saturday. Home Sweet Home bar. 6pm-8pm. Spread the Secret...)
haaha that doesn't make sense..
NBA. Kyrie Irving (Cleveland Cavaliers) è il Rookie of the Year 2012.
Upcoming train reading: How Young Ladies Became Girls, Jane H. Hunter
watching white chicks lol
Jury has case in Perrish Cox trial.
If chipotle delivered at all hour of the day, my lifes problems would go away.
People who move to LA and get apartments in North "Hollywood" must be really disappointed.
Jansen bachelorette party where are you?
Seriously, someone needs to tell Firaxis that too many achievements is TOO FUCKING MANY achievements (especially when some don't work)
I feel you bro, just take it 1 day at a time 4 now...no need 2 rush into anything unless you know it's gonna be a good look 4 sure
Going home <U+2708>. Be back when I wake up from my dreams. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Home from the gym some cod with the my boy than bed ! Back to back training and gym tomorrow.
Lisa Gill has notes on her hand. Haha!
Let's Go Bubba!!!! Extra Innings!!
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd have everything I want and need and I wouldn't let you go <3
wtf is that. where's the free bowling?
Saw avengers again
This place is less than a mile - I'm so exited for my lack of a commute!
Goodnight Liz :) I hope your mommy and you had a wonderful day today ^~^ love you so very much <3 sweet dreams darling.
I guess Ann Romney with her army of servants and fleet of Cadilacs doesn't need the "dignity of work" like Mitt thinks poor mothers do.
So you're sponsoring the first round at #TBWII?
there is an amaZing afternoon downpour Storm happening right now in #Miami with lots of thunder and cero visibility uff!
RG3 band wagon for life.
No worries. I checked on what you used way back and I knew what I used for the St. Patty's day post.
mailing list in my mind means technical discussion list. newsletter = customers. those are calls to action.
ITS GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT PILLOW TALK FOR MR. MAGNIFICENT'S B DAY FREE DRINKS FROM 10-11. THIS IS GONNA BE A PARTY YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS
hope you follow backk:)
Let's do this! Go Hogs!!!
See, I never got into GCB. But #Scandal? Love it!
LOL! as says: JUST DO IT! RT : hehe you are right. Good! The more people know the less I'll think...
#3WordsForYou Follow me please
52 mph gusts at #ABQ now...
Free pink cupcake and a bubblegum raspa. The weekend eating started as soon as that bell rang. :D
haha I love it! Our clowns need to get together and play sometime.
Playing at the Saxon Pub on 3/4 & Dad gets inducted into the TX Heritage Songwriters' Hall of Fame on 3/6! Plan a trip to Austin y'all!
lol ok, we'll just play to learn.
Please welcome RH3AHr3l7 to the Max life
Yhe. Search for Debby Ryan. She's the one that got 400k fans (:
The way he's been playing since the AS break...I can. He's an all-star and playing like the 3rd/4th best player at times.
Bck Home From Tha Game Cant Wait Till The Playoffs im at every grizzlies home game vs clippers
"I pushed out 5 kids, I can do this." -Moving lady delivering my Ikea furniture.
I love you sister !
Where are they after that?!
USC quarterback Matt Barkley has a big decision to make
Want FREE TICKETS to tomorrow's bout? RT and include a link to your Yelp profile, easy peasy! (2 pairs available... )
No. Haha I just like Gold Coast bc Cody is from there(:
hello there my loves (:
whats good #yngsquad lets do this!!!!!
Starting a new wood floor tear out. Then maple wood install.
Many thanks for your contribution! Hopefully we will start a constructive discussion.
So glad I got switched to the morning shift!
omg I love that list you added me to!
Imma try that lil phone kiosk in the mall and see what they say.
Gotta love the #Luna call ins....some chick just called sexy
Well they'd appreciate what you do. They just wouldn't get the decor.
Hoping for a Las Vegas #Wrangler win tonight on Las Vegas's 107 biirthday
I vote for BBQ!
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
- nah. I'm no prize.
watching #beinghuman is so freakin cute!
Caroline is on the fence so if you want to see the Met do Wagner at the western theatre I have an extra ticket. 6 hours! In the dark!
btw this is my new name. Went from Laners83 to AlmostThirtyGal. Needed a change lol
duhh , but i want some noodles (:
look at you! All #twitterfied! :)
Thanks, ! Kyle had a blast at the fundraiser. He's a sweetie!
Huzzah. Saw <which> misspelled on a memo today as <witch> and wanted to squee! Complete awesomesauce.
I just voted for Ward 5 council member!
I think this team is definitely talented enough to make a run, especially by March. In Cal we trust.
That travel coffee mug you got me for Christmas is great!
Maybe I should change my Twitter handle. ;-) Thank you, Juli! xoxo
EVERYONE Follow my buddy
Hopefully he doesn't have Twitter....or hopefully he does?
i guess i gotta go to walmart then and buy some cool
Survived the plane ride...lots of meds does the trick.
well, I guess I'm going to defrost my windows and heat up the van
Nordstrand pickups are very very good!...check them out! the "big singles " are fantastic!
any man can get a million girls anyday But it takes a real man 2 love 1 girl a million ways!
twitter . com / ALESSAISRED !!!
I was the previous years but my panel got cancelled last year. But I still speak all the time! lol
Welcome to Twitter. You've joined the rest of us twats. ;)
Foo fighters live stream free on iTunes? Yes please!
Holy shit man you guys are really good!! Everyone NEEDS to check out his band, like right now #DOIT! #worthcheckingout!!
You say "Friends" like it was the gold standard on comedy. Please be kidding.
going to the beach after work for the weekend! So I'm stoked!!!!
:AR Har....Tricked 'em: this will change (technical difficulties)
Wow, my son just called from Indianapolis and they were locked down in Walmart last night due to a robbery going on. Kinda scary.
The Sanders are abt to convene for a major, life-changing announcement: We're adding a new member to our fam tomorrow - HERE...Kitty Kitty!
Great meeting you yesterday! One of these days I'll be sure to pair us up in a tourney!
calling for revolution without violence in Mexico
eyo i copped that program
Ri-dunk-ulous. Yeah, I know. But it was apropos. RT : Anthony Davis had a 3.7 GPA this past semester
So happy for my friends like good things happen to extraordinary people!
It's FRIDAY! Hope it's "Terrible". www.terriblepeopleshow.com
thanks for keeping us in the light.
indeed. how was Dentist?
Great shot. Keep up the good work.
you know you churchy when you practice your shout
say "Hello" to Aaron Tevis please from a Boise State Saints fan!!
irony at its fullest
I am still not over 's new music video. Love Say Anything, love stop-motion. What's not to be excited about?
should have read "great work, old man. Landis told me..." Bill's not on twitter, but I could get in trouble calling him Old Man Landis.
In the process of submitting my Zombie Kid Book "There's a Human in My Closet" to Kindle Direct Publishing
AWESOME!!! I ate there almost every other day RT : Wowww<U+2661>Five guys! Finally(o^^o)! How was it?
Are Airsoft Guns Thought Of Toys? | News and Society Tips
I'll send it 2 you hold on
nah I tried to hit reply and hit unfollow and which point I cussed and followed you again :)
“: thanks so much for the follow” of course!
Romeo and juliet!
its real short. I look like kyle jones statue
Its windy outside! Goodness!
TY for including me in EmployeeAtty News!
RT : Happy 18th Birthday now you really can
of course!
well talkin to u
SCARY STORIES TO TELL IN THE DARK
Line drive up the middle BASE HIT FOR ROBIDOUX! Braggs scores, Brock will stop at 2nd and the #Brewers lead 6-4! WOW!
well good luck.. I have tried the dating scene.. All it got me was a headache and crabs.. Crabs I fixed.. I think
Holy crap
Enjoying the last full Sunday I'll have in a while with my three favorite people...
My Windows Phone is now running Mango, so sweet.
yes I love it. Thank you for the link sir! I'll queue that now!
Simon Says is a boss...
End of the show :( Free movie passes acquired :)
Doing lots of work on Hazel & Haverly right now but don't worry - there's new attagirl to come!
What a great season. 11 days without rain! Can't wait till next year.
still jealous!
I cannot stand to hear joe liebermann drone on & on in his monotone, makes me want to scream. Where's the Duct Tape??
After this year of AP Euro I feel so ready to dominate next year's APUSH exam.
What is wrong with you???
CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR NEXT SEASON TO GET HERE!!! GO BIG BLUE!!!!
Sorry, no games.
One-eyed, one-horned, flying. My family has is on a vintage jukebox.
Unbelievable Service Magic listing my company info with their local phone number on the web a year after canceling service stealing business
I wanna go home now
I am going to text his ass his whole trip down here tomorrow ha ha ha
RT : We live in exciting times, gang. Yes! So many ways to make a difference, lead, succeed!
why r some ppl selfish, and only care about themself, its a huge world,, there r other ppl in it, beside u..(wake up n give a shit!!!!!)....
Car problems stress me out.
The best thing you can do for arthritis pain is Pharmaceutical Grade Fish Oil! Start with 4000 mg! www.5StarFishOil.com
Don't fall in love with the memories, things will never be the same
that's next on my list!
No YOU are welcome! (no? well at least you got meatballs)
Understandable, leave your order on the site!
the movie did the best it could to capture most of the detail of the book. So props to the cast.
Switzerland will never be neutral again. We won't be able to say "I'm Switzerland" during a heated discussion.
Whoever thinks yelling SPRING JAM!! and partaking in its festivities isn't meant for 25 year olds is probably right #IDontCare #SPRINGJAM!!!
Afternoon workout at this great Brooklyn old school gym.
Thank you.
Why do anorexic people actually stop eating? Like that's the worst thing in the world, i can't just stop eating because i want to, like no.
Saw 23 #indyfringe shows! Ended with Slammed which was pretty incredible. In awe of young talent. So many good shows I couldn't pick a fav.
Just got my 4 VIP tickets to #SourceDC in the mail, my winning bid from silent auction. Looking forward to it!!
Nothing on TV. Guess I'll pop in this Pulp Fiction Bluray that I bought Black Friday and just opened.
I thought it was 21?
beat wishes to you on your death date dear sir. 82 years. Seems like yesterday.
What a profile! He's beautiful.
I'm gonna get me a baby to love... a little girl and I'm gonna name her Etta James Victorian Princess. Ans she will be fabulous!!
lovin my aries sweater. wish i could find the ss venture online though. so ill...
ZOMBIE PARTY saturday. come dressed as a zombie and get a zombie movie dvd. zombie drink specials. mahalo
Thanks I received your email. Following you now, please follow back!
We would love to open for them again though!
#Artist #MSGCSB for
I want to cry vern, I'm can't be aaaaaaarsed:'(
I just saw highlights of #HarlemGlobetrotters at Verizon. Our own playing! Takes a shot from #downtown! Video on News4 at 6.
for a second, i thought that was my wall cause i took the same pic and i have the same color wall! lol
Have you seen any cool pre-game day celeb use in Dallas? or weather keeping everyone in their hotels?
have you ever felt completely defeated, when everyone else thinks you're great?
I'll ride with my team to the wheels fall off. Not worried about this lost at all. We'll come back.
nigga don't not text me lmao
jay at popgh dot com
hey Z!
Damn, I just learned that one chick's cow didn't start The Great Chicago Fire. The lies I were told...
$OKS and other MLPs have been left for dead. keep a watch. these are to be bought low when nobody wants them.
smackdown was pretty good tonight..
Ha Ha I.T. Guy...I am a Genius...You Can't Take My MTO Away..LOL! :)
Finding a way to get out of cloudy Sunday afternoon's ennui.
Only need 66 more followers before I tell everyone who I saw for my first concert!
If that was my luck there would be a small patch left xD
Favion/sidebar are the only differences, I see between pack 1 and 2. Am I missing anything? THANKS Again! :)
GT Capital IPO Seeks $505 Million - Wall Street Journal
So, what yummy New Orleans treat can I bring back to share with colleagues? Beignets don't travel well. :)
“: Because i know it wont last. #LestBeHonest.” .... Your an ass :(
25 days-still have intermittent signal even with new modem, executive appeals & customer svc calls, and tech visits
The only way to do it! RT : Jamming some to get ready for st pats
my old roommate was once shot in the ass by her boyfriend. they claimed it was a drive-by & insurance totally covered it.
ya bro! I'll be staring at you<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Con mi boyfriend. <U+2665>
u free cause I'm in the study hall on the opposite side we use to be on come find me
I cant wait till i get married so i wont have to sleep alone in a dark room.
Correct. RT : A court ruling in Boston stated that a sandwich 'must include at least 2 slices of bread.'
I just signed up for ...Movin' on up!
Perry: As president, I will publicly behead one scientist per week
Got my first "Grande Soy Iced Vanilla Latte" of the summer!
I want that and 2 Doritos tacos
lol its okay n i was lyin abt yo ugly avi that mfr look like a drag queen wit make up lol jp well nt abt the drag queen part
They tell you to be yourself, then they judge you.
Sometimes Cherry Coke is what makes life worth living!
When grown jounos call a non-relative "Uncle Toni"
Tabs easier in IDE. Adjust width to what want and only 1 keypress to remove. Use formatter or hooks on commit to replace.
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Tits on Elm Street. LOL
they look out matched. I'm a fan and I think it'll be competitive but MAN!
I never imagined reading "Beastie Boys" and "existential" in the same sentence.
When we think we're all moving forward ppl keep remindn us we're only THINKN! :-(
Just saw the most sexiest lite brite ever!!! And I've seen him 2 days in a row!!!! I could die happy now!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hey! Your cute ;)
We might be 80s/90s soul mates For realz.
thank you... I feel as though this teacher knows I respect them, I think he started soft. I am trying to not just "step in"...
im sorry i know that chris brown hit rihanna but he is still sexy and i still want him in my pants! how do you not think his voice is sexy?
Great to hear the perspective on #edtech and how to target parents & teachers
-nice to be missed. It was great to see you. See you tomorrow no doubt. Nice jacket :D
Star Struck: Super excited to interview the stunning Christie Brinkley! What would you like to ask her, as she heads to town for Chicago?
Just taught how to make gnocchi from scratch. I think he's an honorary Italian now.
ITS NO FUN DOE, ALGEBRA 2 WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
way to go Rosie.
OH: "OK, I'm hallucinating now, I definitely just saw a ceiling fan."
HEAD POUNDING SUPER HARD WISH MY FRIEND(MARYJANE) WAS HERE I REALLY NEED TO HER!!!...
I've been more successful than Vic Morrow. I've now had almost 7 more years of beer drinking than him--without a helicopter falling on me.
Did you hear my "complaints on twitter" mention?
Watching the 5pm UP-W Metras tomorrow afternoon once again. Thought about doing so today, but changed my mind.
Body is exhausted! Gonna have to get all super saiyan to get through this workout. Almost CINCO!!!
Damn high as shit right now double d
Already ahead of you. Created opening week a few weeks back. I don't play with art & network opportunities! Thanks though. :-)
For the first 10 people at the party tomorrow night we'll be giving away some prizes!
I can't but wait!
who all getting thaT MW3 IN A COUPLE OF DAYS I KNO I IM IF U WANTTO GET DOWN NAME IS TWEEZY6
Starting #Friday AM w/an all staff meeting and yummy squagels from wonder which squagels & will pick...
Except for that stupid song they did with Charlie's mom in the middle of the film. That was really dumb.
Let's go flyers!
Are you getting down to business in ur biz or busy-ness? Can't do everything-focus on strategic actions that bring real clients
Everyone's complaining about how they got woken up by a thunderstorm, but I got woken up by the birds that came out when it was over .-.
#Madonna just gave an education on how to put on a show! Gaga, Britney, et al, they're all students to Her Madgesty the Queen!
update please!
hm... i'm thinking #gymflow later on with the bestie :)
Happy #FF Everyone!
Where will this giraffe tattoo go?
i'm sorry courtney i was not thinking at the time lol
If you're up at midnight Central, I'll be talking Emmys w/Steve and Johnnie on Chicago's WGN-AM (720).
had a lovely night with my sweetness and meeting his great family.
Hey r you ok???????? I herd u were in hospital
are you planning on going back to LA at all this year?
same here. imma try now. :P get some rest!
if he's not the #1, he could be worth it. unfortunately, thats #1 money and he's not a
Putting the final touches on the 2012 #apufringe application. Stay tuned & Pass the word.
Surfing is good for the soul, worries seems to drift away as you scan the horizon for the next wave.
With what we now know about RBIs, this is actually a bad thing. RT Jason Heyward amazing AB. 3 run double after 11 pitches.
The company is a division of farmers insurance they had bought it a few yrs ago.
Moving to Apple "Vintage" in June 2012: MacBook (13-inch Late 2006), MacBook Pro (17-inch Core 2 Duo), MacBook Pro (15-inch Core 2 Duo)
will be modeling for the designer's lounge in the masks-y-mas fashion show at the launchpad tonight.
Zeus was a dick. Metis was much too good for him. Pity he thwarted the prophecy that her *second* child would overthrow him.
Listening to when you're NOT counting money is really lame.
With 3 of my grandchildren and preparing to preach for my son in Lexington--beautiful day in KY!
Shareable part: I am patient & relentless.Lol at before you turn 50. I've wanted to do this for the past 6 years so...
He'll never know how much those few words meant to me.
working hard now so we can hardly work later
Lmao thank u
glad ya liked it bro. dont worry i got an album full of songs that are gonna take over. all in good time my friend
6 am flight looked good on paper.
It is possible, even though it isn't happening now.
I never sleep cause sleep is the cousin of death
but isnt that the style nowadays? Crazy kids.
She ain't worth a pretty penny.....
IF YOUR @ MCDANIEL 2NYT STOP BY THE CLUB ROOM...
Bless the child who has his own!!!!!!
Does dry cleaning remove cat pee? And if so, how many years' worth. Ah, Saturdays.
actually watching spongebob so i don't have to do my homework... #procrastination at it's finest :)
I'm buying a solo ticket. Screw youz!
ever notice how dying is at the end of studying
"Austin" by has never been more personal to me until now...
Off to salsa practice - really enjoying shedding these new tunes and learning the grooves. The desire to dance is undeniable!
hahaha yup! The fast food! You guys probably have so much diversity in food from all the countries you used to own.
oh me too! I'm so behind!
": OH HELL YEAH!!!!! DALLAS MAVERICKS WORLD CHAMPIONS!!!!!!!!!!!! AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE!!!!!!"
You might have seen CJ Huang's whimsical robotic creatures in The Bright Beneath exhibit last fall He speaks tomorrow at #DASER!
love it.
Thanks :) Dang a girl that likes black ops :O
Guess I'm not running tonight since I have no one to go with me.
Back home for the night bringin drinks to the movie theater
To be honest, I doubt I have any REAL friends.
I love that you love Parks and Rec
Agreed! We're lucky this year both Cinco and St Pattys on Saturdays!
TURN BACK! TURN BACK!
U said to the windows so i was meant it as like laughing at it but nevermind.
S/O to my new followers , and
Yes that's me!!! I am so happy THANK YOU !!!
rain delay top of 4th
A beer and charcuterie pairing event tonight! RT : What's everyone doing to celebrate American Craft Beer Week?
RT - 3 Sonorans cancelled by Tucson Citizen after TUSD Daily Show! EMAIL NOW!!! Mark Evans
Knew it was going to be a great day right from the start. :-)
one of my favorite Sparks songs
Happy thanksgiving world! May your bellies be full!
Yeah im a piece of shit
#sfeng252: Final exam grades have been posted to the Blackboard Grade Center.
GE Capital Provides $70 Million Asset-Based Credit Facility for Le Château
Happy new Year ! 1432 AH
I stopped using Instagram because I have two friends that will NOT stop thinking their celebrities
Happy late birthday
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
thanks Mark for RT- have a great week
Desire<333 omg i know i havn't been on at all lately stupid school :( how have you been? :D
Next time we film Thursday May 24th (show will air every Monday night in June)Check your schedule when you get a chance Thx
New song is up! Check it out www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband #NothingChanges RT
Watched RGIII pro day yesterday getting ready to watch Luck, any chance Colts take RGIII over Luck.
"We added up our assets and there were none," #Obama on when he and Michelle got married. Says they just paid off student loans 8 yrs ago.
teen wolf is trending :) such a nerd I am.
Hi Michael. I am an estate planning, bankruptcy attorney and have a credit repair business in San Diego. Shall we connect?
Falling in love with you is the 2nd best thing in the world. Finding you was the 1st.
false again
how can they even..how is that even..eh oh I can't I can't. Smh
There is nothing you can do about the past. But the future? That's a different story...
Loving all of these morning after tweets you all entertain me so much
Cody is sexy and Angels know it ;)
OH MY NO STAR TREK WAKE UP CALL? THIS IS A TRUE TRAGEDY. (Almost as tragic as the lack of teleportation.)
I needed that Firefighters Pizza and Manny's Pale Ale. M #infocamp!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Gen X Asians seek parenting advice online. Reason I started my blog
no not all
abby, im lovin' the carriage for ya dog.
Somehow nvm i just hate myself, i just fuck shit up
thanks for the tweet! Also gotta say wrote the piece and he's a proud father of another alum.
Lol sometimes my life is like a movie. The quirky, ironic moments are what I love :)
Yo, did u do that song "Harmonia"?
Lil Wayne: fuck bitches get money Pierce The Veil: fuck money we want love
Great play by everyone tonight- Tyson Chandler, Shawn Marion, Jason Terry, JJ Barea, and of course, finals MVP DIRRRKK Norwitzki!!!
I love cups all sorts, but this is the record for how many I'm bringing home from a trip: 7 so far - must be that influential tea culture...
Feel better! In other news, are you going to Rob's for Easter? If so, would I get to see you at all that weekend if I come home?
I still have to do homework ...
It's trending so....I get hard nipples...a LOT...
what do u mean??..I'm not deleting anyone..
The number 33 jersey has been retired by the New York Knicks, belonging to center Patrick Ewing.
Getting ready to learn the secrets of work-life balance w/ , Melanie Keller and Bryce Freeman...countdown is on!
thank you! where's your blogspot?
Celtics forward Kevin Garnett is the leading scorer at halftime with 14 points
Thanks for another chance to help people be more productive!
yeah your right..
Tweeps! We want to hear your opinion! Head over to www.iheartradio.com to view our new BETA player. Heart it? Hate it? You be the judge.
": I'm tired denabitch didn't find a aderall"i love adderall good for everything ask
im wait for you to text me first again .
I am your biggest fan in Maryland. Please follow me and I will love you forever. XOXOXO
Yo , TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE? <3
don't tempt me...
Our shirt giveaway has begun. first person to reply with the correct answer to the trivia question tweet wins. Good luck.
bessfrien should really txt me like right now lol
I've told this boy 100 times not to use so much damn Toilet Paper!!! SMDH
I hope your throat feels better soon! Thank you again for all you do!!!
#VoteHope. U rock!'!! All votes for u!!
I swear, everyday when I get home from school I get a headachee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Happy Easter!
Beards. The best thing since sliced bread.
love you.
how are ya?
#wiunion May Day! Have your childern make a baskets of flowers for your neighbors, or food if they need some. Walker's Poor
I'm just gonna keep tweeting, 'cause this teacher is annoying 'af.
sure is :)
Looks like we need to get back! :) Title: "Pizza is not pay!"
believe what they do, not what they say.
and even if it is a live link, it still puts the responsibility on the reader to verify the source and not the writer.
Congrats George! RT : Winner of best investor of the year USA is George Zachary of Charles River Ventures.
Watching Looney Tunes<3 ah brings back great #childhoodmemories :D
If anyone makes their own Vinyl Decals, signs...ect... Check out our vinyl material strips on r website.Also great for the Cricut machines.
Did anyone see the jolly blimp?
#nowplaying - "I Give Myself Away" - William McDowell
ACADEMY, n. A place of study for those who lack entrepreneurial gifts. Also, an excellent tax write-off.
that pretty good haha
omg hahaha idk where she went
nobody likes you, love your best friend ever!
My passport is ready and waiting!
Need a place in #Ithaca from June 15-August 1 for a family of three plus one cat... Ideas?
The #big tuna needs to go away forever. Who's with me?
You know that you are an adult when you are excited about going to work on a Monday. :)
Beyond Heaven, Federal Gov, & multi national corporations, Uber wealthy ppl pull the current Republican leadership like puppets on a string.
Keep a look out for my later insane tweets By The Way IMA BANANA :D
I also have designs to create a kiddie super PAC for young readers to get into politics. I'd call it POWER PAC.
My Geography grade :(
hey its my dream!
Sorry Cena, but you're a dead man.....
just like Nash, Malone, Iverson, Barkley, and Rose. Think about positives said about Barkley & Malone too much hate for LBJ
its a conspiracy dammit
Yep! “: #Obama u created a war on whites with a fake war on blacks, a #WarOnMoms w/a fake #WarOnWomen what's left? Vegetarians?
It would!!!
Seriously? You'll be there forever...
Tea Party candidate Rand Paul may have taken KY, but in many other states it's not too late! Get out and vote while you still can!
RT U don have to like me...im ok with that
lol not true but thank you
I have all the money I'll ever need - if I die by 4:00 p.m. today.
Blessed are the flexible, for they shall not be bent out of shape. ~Author Unknown
Who ever controls this twitter is a complete idiot.
Admit it. You’re waiting for something you know won’t happen."
I'm done letting you fuck with my head.
mothers day & my mother and kamil&ula are in a fight and they are here !i wanna leavei don't wanna see where this is goingtoend
Cheesecake factory!!
I need food -_-
Wish I could b woke up by tht
Turning our haikus into movement tonight. Spring time: cherry trees /bloom, inspire dance, music. / But it is fleeting.
Haha really!? What happened!?
just who is Hannibal Lecter anyways. Wasn't that decades ago?
YUM! Thank you Yooneroos :)
this was on conan? i missed it. ill eagerly await for you to post it.
You're getting the same screen from your desktop computer? Do u see a link to "Explore" in the top left? Can u send a screenshot?
did you eventually get chili fries?
Take a tour of our International Newsroom, Skype room and rich media cluster on January 20 from 10am-6pm during our Winter Welcome Wed.
Set a goal that absolutely terrifies you...
Getting music off iTunes!
Amazing rescue!
field trip! No actually, it's amazing. Definitely go!
U lose from 130-205 calories roller skating......hm.....so why not bring the whole family to our Beginning Of Summer Skate Party?
We all need to realize that we all make mistakes.no one is perfect.
ha! I'm convinced that if my dept raced together, we would all get along famously or duke it out on the course ;)
Misfits and brats
I only played about 5 minutes of a show. I already had a low battery and didn't want to completely drain my battery.
Flagship Hotel, which stands out into the water is intact.
I have an autistic brother waiting at Powell St. #BART station trying to get home. Worried.
depending on whether I send the ticket (to include shipping cost) probably around $75. I paid about $68 for it
No you are not........and shame on anyone who would say you are a lousy friend hon...
oh to be young again and back in school. Here at Stanford.
I am upset that the jazz in this area in not being supported!
our friends @ FOC are doing psych study & looking 4 stage 4 liver cancer or stomach cancer pts/CG's (NOT drug trial)
Too true! Wow!
Same to you=p. Which is way past bedtime on my end lol.
I debate whether Joker is the paradoxical savior of Gotham. Snarky report on my own derivation. Joker effect debunked.
Realtor pals: Need residential rental property in #JMS dist- pref 4 bdrm, will consider 3. All leads appreciated!
im trying my nigga
naaaa stopping in ATL and IND at my relatives places.
thanks for the info. The thrift store had that one nes game and I never heard of it so I hope it was cool to ask you. Peace!
see also, I've been googling for an hour & still no answers
RT : #Gadaffi.... Look.. up in the sky... is it a bird, is it a plane? Why yes, it's lots of planes over #Libya . Adios, Pendejo
Looks like a nice day to buy The ToyMaker tickets www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
anyone on that jet blue plane on twitter right now??
RT : The IRS is the worst organization in the history of the world. Why don't you start letting people chat with you or something!...
dinosaur plums are both delicious and possessing of an awesome name.
If you are a writer follow !!! she's got it!
Forget Groupon today. Just had Half price special @ DeMarco's. Great Risotto with shrimp and asparagus.
who's seen harry potter? Is it worth seeing?
ya I added the pic to that tweet... Lol
You can kiss me(;
I meant like presentation wise lol. Like how does it look?
im coming home today:) LA to NY, later sc its been real but time for
inside of either yet! I'm rooming with my friend and her two friends also!
Tweeps: looking for expert who can discuss CTE & head trauma on my radio show today. Any suggestions? Reply 2
Awesome. Is taking one too? Also if you're going to take a history class Bruce Thompson is amazing.
Such is life for a San Diego sports fan. At least we can drown our sorrows in Halloween candy tonight.
We're going to rock the heating and air conditioning industry as you know it starting January 1st ... stay tuned!
So glad I have a treadmill in my house.
You just make me all warm inside c:
It's a Randy Rogers kinda night
Chi talking about providing computational access, not read access, to primary content. Googlesque.
Morg-Allen's got a few funny things for you up his sleeve
Who has a kik?
IT'S RAINING! :D
Little justin bieber has been stuck in my head ALL day, please leave now
what did you get surgery on?
#getbetter at it
Poised Creation has gone through the ups and downs! Thanks for being there!
Live like Jesus. Love like Jesus.
Newt, you're DONE. No viability. No base. Your just not relevant to the American people. in
I think drinking coffee on an empty stomach this morning was a bad idea. I just felt the coffee sucker punch me with caffeine jitters.
RT Hey ya'll HEY, GIRL!!
Oh well RT ": Atlanta (GA) CBS46: Best Buy confirms plans to close two Atlanta-area stores”
Thanks. and yea he gone have all the lil preemy chicks
ya bro killin'
haha!!! oh and you can now set different text tones for your different contacts RT : the poor, unfortunate iPhoneless people
take a shot for me.
I mean I have no idea whats going on with the boys. It's a streetfight and they got right crossed. Punch back or sit down!
Vagina Monologues Busan.
#itshardwhen you love, love but it hates you
From #TheShining to #SomethingsGottaGive, Jack Nicholson, you slay me...
#Capitals score first with a John Carlson goal it looks like.
A day like every other.
I see how tonight is supposed to play out: date night with self. #SoSuperAmped!!!!
Drake and josh-MY SHOW!
Paper plane to airplane. Life bless
there's one in white plains and on central ave own Yonkers
I may have no Vday plans, but neither does Rooney Mara. We're just getting juices. We're totes BFFs. Granted, my definition of BFFs is loose
Worst season of Survivor EVER. Cast was horrible. Think it's time to bail.
just be like bon qui qui could teach this shit better cause u can have it Ur way!!!!
No joke, followers. I'm in dire need of a Retweet. Please please please.
Project can't change you you have to do that on your own.
government may not prohibit expression of a idea simply cuz society finds the idea itself offensive WilliamJBrennanJr
You're right...it has been almost a year. Thanks Daniel.
I need help with my crayon art I have no idea what I'm doing ah
1000 followers!!! Thanks Buggs, spread the love!! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY !!! Can't wait to meet u! #SUMMER2011!
<U+2640>Gossiping Is The Devils Radio....Don't Tune In<U+2640>
Putting More Red In
Just saw being filmed on 28th and 5th!
I miss you more <3
Too tired to finish this beat but im goin to anyway
I couldn't laugh cause I got that awkward stare like you better not tell haha
WHY DOES NO ONE SELL TOMS
thats a bad ass movie. or should i just come over and bring my macbook?
I am very good myself (:
I am guessing this was during the 3 hour bus commute?!
Cool Cool Yoga Clothes images
That sucks! Sorry you're not going! Well, I'll let you know when it screens again. Thanks!
Unfortunately I can't give out beds to all of the people I follow. :( But you're welcome to come visit it at the store!
Just got back from watching Coraline at the movies, it was so worth the extra price for it being in 3D. Now I need to read the book.
To avoid being disappointed, minimize expectations. -Chinese saying
Hey there! How are you?
A real woman avoids drama, she knows her time is precious and she's not wasting it on unimportant people or things. Thats the girl i want."
Love the store! Wish there was one in DC. Would love it if you could take a look at my line sheets too. Keep in touch,
I believe is the perfect compliment to in the #Packers 3-4 defense.
Mr Bolling my hero. PLEASE get this massive power grab out in the open. THANK YOU 4 being there!
Sneaks Up Mixtape Artist......... Last Call for Submissions...get at me if you want on...
ugh! So mad I was gonna prank you with the rest of the Mahomies but I fell asleep! Haha love you <3 u could never let us down!
Happy 2012! Thank you and right back at you. Hugs. <3
read "A Boy with a Thorn on His Side" by its really good.
- you knw my answers oh so well lol
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne You can't cheat on them, but if you do it should be painful for you for doing something so stupid to hurt that person.
Packing for Cali...and Kentucky...and Puerto Rico right now. Should be an interesting week and a half!
Who ARE you ?! RT : Hawks win awesome game back in town will catch up son
#gradadm #emchat folks: When trying to increase your applicant #s do u forgo fairs you've not had any past applicants from? Or target them?
RT “: a goal in PD seems to be to get faculty really talking, even arguing, in appropriate ways, &engaged in dialogue #jedchat”
Thank you! We will see you tonight!
How long does it take for someone to fall in love???i think it only takes one look for u to fall in love:))</3
baby I dont know how im gonna survive this fatal attraction, is going to eat me alive. Im not suppose to want ya
Im Bo yo!!
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
SOFAS $ 595.- EVERTHING MUST GO !!! UP TO 65 % OFF !! HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Wow. ICONiacz Are Supposed To Be Supportive.
The YMCA says "our brand is everything!" Really? IP lawyers taken over the world? Doesn't the YMCA activities other than brand protection?
- they were rejected by their top choice - both african american, for football and basketball
Billy Magnussen, aka Casey Hughes from #ATWT in another movie, TWELVE with Chance Crawford, seen Billy in more movies since #ATWT got axed
Yea fingers crossed. That - along with the soon to open Langermanns next door - are two great spaces. And there is parking.
And no worries at all, it isn't urgent or anything. Whenever you get to it is totally fine! :)
RT : Hello Milwaukee! Info for our Youth Football Fundraiser will be available very shortly, but save the date...July 12th, 2011!
Cab-metronorth-subway-shuttle-JFK = blows
Fun as One fund raiser tonight at SideBar on 15th and Irving! Check out funasone.org for more info!
seems like yesterday..
....skinny eyes Johnson? WTF? how do you have skinny eyes?
Whoa! Flashback! What year is this??
it's nice texting somebody that's interesting
#Whedon et al., Buffy The Vampire Slayer Season 8, compilation vols. 1-8. Graphic novel fix for those of us who desperately miss Sunnydale.
Lmao, my grandma got her first tattoo today.
Drove by my ex and honked as loud as could. Plus I threw that middle finger out there too. ;)
the sad part is, once you finally let someone have you, they stop doing what it took to get you.
Wedding Season. Duh.
thank you for the follow...hoping we can share our knowledge!
*WHY* does healthcare bill have provision allowing extra fees for balance carried throughout the month?
Why Target Would Want To Kick Amazon Out
haha. Agreed ;3 we will soon!
do u follow me?
Who got to play the #diablo3 beta this past weekend? What did you think?
Most people wanna live an effortless life but You make the most progress when you're the most challenged
Steven Pinker argues that humans are getting less violent, gives stats, OK, begging the question for a moment: why? bit.ly/rdZxn4
That is such a weird, powerful story. Glad your students were engaged with it.
Right b4 God is about 2 do something big in & thru u-seems like the sky is falling but it's really that u r bout 2 BLOW UP!
round two tonight losers walk home
what do you mean? =D
Simon Van Booy speaks about his new novel "Everything Beautiful Began After" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series on Wednesday [7/20] @ noon!
Alec Ross Hillary's innovation team tackles brave new digital world...
If both parents are left-handed, 50% of their offspring will be left-handed. Two righties only have a 2% chance of having a lefty.
UCSC Com Sci Prof discusses crowd-sourced peer reputation systems at Wkipedia. Involves vector diagrams--awesome.
(AP) --Police forced to disperse hundreds of students who gathered at the UMass-Amherst after the Patriots lose Super Bowl.
On my way to the Hyatt for the big party!
I think I'm sleeping all day!
Join us tonight
haha wow i'm in the same sentence as tom petty.
#IJustWanna go to college, get this girls number, see Thunder win, be 18, get my license, make money, get a job, make my mom happy
Doing my hair & makeup . Then cousins are coming over .
Attention Facebook Friends!We will be removing our friend page the end of May and moving to our Like page. Like us today!...
You only live once #YOLO :)
RT : Shout out to and my new followers
i' ve been wanting to read jim shepard's new collection but have been too cheap to buy hardcover. Loved last book.
free food
Our expertise includes all aspects of commercial flat-sheet printing. We want to be your one stop printing shop.
On the LIRR and realized, if you're not shouting, you're not talking.
Q6. The biggest tip is to probably first READ as many other similar blogs as possible!
A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range. - Tom Wilson
is in need of 2 Project Engineers...one mechanical and one electrical for the Philips in the Pittsburgh area. Anyone interested in hearing …
Lmao. I wonder if Numon remember the night he stayed over. That was a fun night. Haha.
Thanks for the RTs! Hope to see you Wednesday!
#bibliotech12 #onlineeducation inverts traditional preference for research over
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness. Poverty and wealth have both failed
NATO means my building can't get deliveries or have construction happen on Thursday or Friday. Also less parking in our 'hood.
We would! Still coming there tho RT : of i could spend summer with my boy we would get up too so much funny stuff!
Had a great time with and Looking forward to defending my title as worst bowler.
what's up maa
Some bitches love getting on lous nerve bitch fuck off .. and you call yourself a directioner ?
awww Keep living cat u are an inspiration
Up way to early
So sorry to hear that. Can they get you into one of the club lounges at least? Way more comfortable and private...
Note to self. People walking through NYC with ashy crosses on their heads are not zombies.
You're probably right.
Today! RT "Let go of the fears that hold you back"!!!!!
It struck a nerve cause I'm 33 :) I'm pretty good, busy busy as usual! What pizza is out there? Yay!
Love them! They came out exactly as I designed Thank You!
Are you selling?
love you
Why are they chanting it RT : All those Let's Go Eat chants are making me hungry.
Thanks, I'm enjoying your tweets!
#OHELLNAW - you found a lump? Call the doctor - early detection of breast cancer can save your life. Cancer is not a death sentence.
The Bakehouse will be closing at 7 pm tonight and the Scholars inn is closed, both for our annual employee party!! plz rt
Just one of those days where it feels like you're walking up a down escalator.
If you're going to be a youtube guru for anything and post tons of videos - don't ever ever film a video flapping your jaws on some gum. Ugh
Re-charging! It takes my breathe when outcomes are not what I think what they should be... Always for the better!
Shot my EF 17-40 L Ultra Wide lens yesterday. 17mm is ultra* wide on a full frame, I shot the edges of my lens hood for much of the day. Lol
when was the last time you did something for the first time?
For those who may have missed it. Reports indicate the #Packers will open the season on 9/9 against the #49ers at 3:15 at
O big "man?" on twitter
Get ready for Pies for B+! Pie your RA in the face AND raise money or the at the same time!
umm I'm gonna go for modern lol
What a beautiful mothers day! happy mothers day to all!
Life With Out Love Is Like A Tree Without Blossoms An Fruit.
word, so now we know a smuggler hasn't used your dress! lol Can't wait for it to be in Lexington!
extended version too?
yeah we mos def need u here... =)
So kind of you!
We hope to announce a Battle of the Bands contest Youtube-style shortly! Start spreading the word to singer/songwriters and bands!
And if you dont your a selfloving arrogant asshole with a shitty tv show thats like a spinoff of Americas funniest home video
I always wonder exactly how all these tweeters keep a lot of followers on this platform. Is it a strategy?
The most beautiful makeup of a woman is passion. But cosmetics are easier to buy. ~Yves Saint-Laurent
Dave Pelz clinic this morning, then shotgun start at Superstition Mountain. Looking forward to an awesome Day 2 of the Xona Media Classic!
Got a condo on my wrist girl im cashin out~
Yay! How exciting!
Youngblood, don't be so meeeeaaan.
Wade is a honey badger....fierce!!
No one cares that you like or hate drugs. We get it... and we don't care. You people really grind my gears :|
Welcome to the weekend! How are you planning on spending your Saturday?
I dont know how to feel about today....
We're playing Cowley's in Farmington this Wednesday at 9:30 until who the crap knows? Don't tell the spoon, but it should be forkin' sweet.
I WANNA GET MY MA ND GMA NAME TATTED THIS WEEKEND!!!! HM BUT WHERE?
AS IT SHOULD BE O-H! RT our Political Desk wearing OHIO STATE shirts, poor folks!
Ive found my heart is lighter than ever, but it is also filled with you
truth stays in the past happily :) lies catched up with you in the future unfortunately :(
I'm watching #hungerhitshome for 's b'day. Cc:
Happy Birthday man! Enjoy your day and be safe! have fun in Chicago. #Knights+JordanNation
Yo shakes meet me at hurricane grill ! Lunch, glad your home, LA ain't MIAMI that's fo sho! More color if you know what I mean! Lmao
#illbeatchoass if you don't wish a happy birthday! oh and
know why... Why do you think that may be? We use to be able to talk about anything & everything, & now he just ignores me...
OMG! Are the Patriots serious right now?! This game is a joke!
I miss that show queer as folk I loved watching that show
B/c of #yoga I am more open and chill in my #mediation practice. How does yoga enhance your legal practice or your approach to clients?
Washington Post editorial board on #KXL: "We almost hope this was a political call because, on the substance, there should be no question."
Why don't you add me on facebook? We could be friends, you know that?
lmfao, what he gone do throw a temper tantrum, i fight good. n few niggas still fight.
sorry to have missed you! Let's try again soon. Anything I can do to help your suicide prevention group, I will. TM will help.
ik right! hahah i'd need to get that dress taken in!
Headed to I la Headed to inlaws with sick grand kids. What a hoot
Send Me A Question With A # && I Promise I'll Answer It 100% Honest!!! (:
RIP Levon Helm, Drummer, Vocalist & founder of The Band
none of my crushes ever liked me!
i am assuming Parsippany, NJ? What are the requirements? I know someone in the food industry looking for a position. Thanks!
Pls do! May already have some stuff, but I had a researcher working on transpeople bullying & was disappointed w our selection
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, Matt!! And a HUGE CONGRATULATIONS on finishing your director's cut! Can't wait to see it...now get some sleep!
ya if your not going haha
about why I didn't mention anyone...
Oh dear!! Your not even there yet! Once again bowing my head in prayer for my friend Shannon.
Im closer to the clouds up here*
Lovin' my 80s Pandora station today~ Especially since I've been accused of spending high school listening to #TheCure & smoking ciggies ; )
Love with your heart, not with your eyes.
Tevez hit by month-long lay-off
Its almost 5am & im Up doing my twitter profile, need more followers . Team follow back!
do you have IG?
had an amazing time at rollerjam thankyouuu soo much!! Hope to see you again soon:)
she always talks like that to him! #favoritechild haha
Have I mentioned how much I HATE HATE HATE the MS Office ribbon interface? 30 years of UI refinement out the window in an instant.
Book your next networking event with us we have various tech capabilities and food that is sure to impress your guests!
there should be no age limit on love, thats something no one can control.
If the Bruins play the Sens in rd 2, does that mean Rene Rancourt brings back the flag vest?
Oh and he likes to be called professor Johnny Depp or professor pirate
Got booked for Monday on Gossip Girl. Gonna play a Paparazzi Photographer. YAY! ;-)
#Pacifica, leftover from a #UFC party.
i apologize for not being a good friend to you. I hope you can forgive me
SEEMS LIKE GOT THE MOST FANS "NATION WIDE" #RETWEET WERE YOU CHEERING FROM!
Great to speak with you last night on radio show. We gotta connect soon. Blessings!
a great way to win the argument (sic) sarcasm & pun intended RT : Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...
9pm on a Friday & this place is poppin'! Who knew old jews could stay up so late? I guess if there's food...
very cool!
If only I could get to my car<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>...that would b GREAT! This bus<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C> is taking forever!
If you want a fabulous app for your iPhone or iPad, Wall About You is the greatest!! Thank you, Angela!
doing great. Some blending. Some trying flipping. Really thinking forward and that is all I can ask!
Enjoyed my first Spin class ever this morning at our Charleston Family YMCA! For those who haven't tried it - I would give it 5 stars.
Tonight's quinquennial: meteorite & gun voted in, only the ring voted out, so only meteorite went in.
I got you bro. You just have to pay for the gas of my private jet :)
if CU can stop with the penalties they could comes back and win this thing.
we built it, they will cum!
Happy Thanksgiving!
An enthusiastic cashier just made my day. Crazy how your mood can change someone else's :)
RT : awesome. Thanks for playing!
Spain announces ?27B in budget cuts
A heartfelt congrats to you Octavia! You were great in the role & rocked that dress! Blessings upon you as you continue!
I'm so mad I'm at work right now..y'all tweets making me wanna see Whitney's homegoing service
I took care of you today at Red Lobster and u tried denying who u were but I knew better. :) GREAT to meet you. Big fan! :)
Beyond excited to do nothing but watch movies on my couch tonight... And bonus, no alarm clock going off tomorrow morning! Lovely!
"The greatest garden in the history of the world" on Madison Square Garden.
Wanna zip out of Baltimore? Enter to win The Ultimate Ziptrip. (Airfare, hotel, food, and zipping included.)
It's 's BIRTHDAY #HAPPYBIRTHDAYHOLLAND #LOVE We/I love you holland! Have a super kickass day! You deserve it!
“: #whereconf probably has the best soundtrack. Now playing: Cut Copy” Agreed! I think I heard some Caribou in there earlier too.
Sometimes, I just need an alone time.
haha just thought id let you know since we were talking about it today (:
He's still there. Just slackin'
Checking if my webcam is on when I do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person. ~ Dave Barry
Rex Grossman predicts Skins will win NFC East! Same day NFL announces day of game drug testing
Great minds think alike! (lol). I'll be listening!
I just linked up with Fit Girlz inc. we are on a major movement to get everyone in shape. Be on the lookout for 2012.
she needs to hop off! You dont like her! Tag her?
amen to that
RT #MPSFChampions good job team!!! Boomer sooner 4 life!!!
Late night/ early morning infomercials <<<
it's not hard... just type in what you're doing. if you want to "tweet" privately, first type "@" then their username.
Happy Birthday ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
something like that. Transubstantiation if I was a Catholic
In other news: I did alright at the track today. First time I've ever walked away with winnings.
Breakfast for dinner is so hot right now.
Like My Status && Me && Tiffani Michelle Will Do... Ratee Cuff Or Duck <3
Look it up!
Why is Justin Bieber at the Mayweather fight?! Rando...
#IllTradeBoozerFor Secretary of Education Arne Duncan. Y'all seen him ballin' All-star weekend.
How was the Waiter's Race last night? Wish we were there!
Friends said someone went as me for Halloween, but they don't know who it was. Would that unsettle anyone else?
Thanks for all the #FF's!
Excited about the tweetchat that just started about
Us girls we're so magical: soft skin, red lips, so kissable. Hard to resist, so touchable. Too good to deny it ain't no big deal.
I am not too awfully unhappy with the election results tonight. Fancy that!
Chanc Persteiner's major themes for balancing accomplishments & risk: $$, student success, physical safety, regulation, reputation URMIA11#
I like all music from screamo to country.
he hasnt said anything and i havent tlked to him today
Are you in gift-wrapping mode? How about house wrapping? I'll help you wrap your home in #energy efficiency, just call!
Wow, I just referenced to "this AM", when it's already 2 p.m. Really? Yes, #timeflies. Just another manic Monday ...
AND I-E-I AM NOT SURPRISSSSSSSSEEEDDDDDD!
I'm weak for #TheVoice. Just can't handle them letting go a singer: ow-ie.
James Witte begins by asking us to move beyond Digital Dualism #ttw12 #d1 "It's all human-human interaction"
First my neighbors sawed a tree into bits in the dark. Now my street looks like a spooky horror film set. Eep!
And thus the waiting game begins!
You'll find you King, one day. Especially if his eyes work...
yay! I can't wait! <3
MARCH is #finally here, can you taste the MADNESS?? What about our $1 Minis, $3 Miller/Coors, and $5 Bacardi Bombs?
#RatchetBoyAnthem Coming to itunes near you!!!!
Human beings are not alone. Hope is a gift, not that God gives, but that only we humans can give to each other." Elie Wiesel
I want to go to Johnson hs because that's where Austin went for like a week omg
:))) make that music!
Some beats sent brotha
No AskJoey this week because of New York Fashion Week but catch up on fashion news on our Industry Wire! Happy Friday everyone!!...
think of yourself like fine wine...you're only getting betterwith age!
miss ya!
I would be really pissed off if I was a bender and Amon takes away my bending.
hey home with your cheese, you should come over for dinner, made carnitas, beans and rice!!
How does seating work for the talks? Best seats go to people who their first?
Val Kilmer used to be so HAWT back in the day. What happened?!?!? He looks so GAWDawful now!
I tweeted him on here .
This has been such a good year :) looking forward to the next one!
Forgot all about twitter. Hi twitter.
at cracker barrel fina get my shamari on! As #oomf says.
I don't like going to summer school :/
Warnings for misconduct should contain 2 vital elements: Describe what employee is doing wrong,State consequences if behavior continues
stop being so mean mane dats getting old
Calm on the outside.....but having an internal freak-out...yupp...soon enough i'm sure it'll start ruining my calm look right now...lol
#NP "Don Cartagena" Fat Joe ft. Puff Daddy
A Girl in my Psych class just said "Woman fake orgasms for relationships, and men fake relationships for orgasms"
Doherty wouldn't say if Uthoff is meeting or has met with Barry Alvarez, who would be the next step in the appeals process.
great job as always
like by briggadoon a lil bit!:)
U still want that cell phone footage I got from the show on Thurs?? Its Ryno...
last dance class :(
Happy Birthday!
Only 18 days of school in May!
Make sure to like this page, the old Einstein! Music page will be taken down soon.
If ur goal is to keep gay ppl from getting married, u have way too much time on ur hands! Find a #hobby. Knit, crochet or just STFU!
hey -- sorry I missed you last week at But I did get the kind note and moonshine. :). Hope to meet you soon. Thx!
#WantAnR8 i would love a dependable vehicle to get me safely to n from work in downtown Detroit....
I guess when y'all get off work
We would like to thank Kyungsung University, South Korea for attending summer school at HFC..
has been experiencing 'crazy, vivid, horrific nightmares' for the past week.
some glitch with potions, I think is what he said!
In a conversational mishap my mom just combined bieber with twilight.." So he was playing drums at age 4 and then was married...vampires"
The same thing that happened to B.Boudreau will happen to coach Q. Even great coaches have a limited shelf life. Coach Q has reached expir.
They were zamboni-ing Alki this AM, smoothing out the sand. A foreshadow to an NHL team, I know it.
Big Show At Kimbro's Cafe in Franklin TN Saturday Night "Melody Guy's Welcome Home Party Show" Starts at 7:30 pm
What do coaches look for in a player? Don't just do one thing well, do many things well. goo.gl/U9ObJ
Must win tonight for the #Rangers, #leggo CJ! Pull a 'Derek Holland'....
Also, next time I'm out, I'm going to order my friends a round of Electric Drew Garrison's. YOU are welcome.
my grandmas lol
Let us restore the beauty of your natural stone call us 203 8131084
was the full moon affecting my brain today? i think maybe.
Belated thnx! Hope you had an awesome weekend!
you've been hacked
Come see me live hard rock cafe Hollywood ca April 14 starts 7:00 pm giving out free stuff
"at the end of the day," it deepens the inequality between the genders.
sorry you spent heartfelt time on your cute article, but. Bison!!!!!!!
my mom always told me to eat off my own plate first, before focusing on other peoples drama. I've always had 2 doggy bag my drama
Go to the soiree!
We appreciate you following PC on Twitter!! :)
Did you ever find yourself asking why all your friends think that one guy is super cute??? I mean... HE SMELLS LIKE CHEESE!!!
Let's keep our friendship alive via Twitter!
Unreal. Broncos went from 60:1 odds 2 win the super bowl a few months ago to 7:1 odds today purely based on volume of bets.
Your thoughts matter. Space is a container which is best filled with positive energy to heal the planet.
i just ate chease from a bottle =)
Okay this is one of those times where I have to actually mention Julie... So HI
going to see tonight for the first time. I have a feeling it might be pretty close to a religious experience.
Oo oo I'll be... Madge?! MT Tix officially purchased for premier of #HungerGames considering dressing up as Katniss as well
: by two local political science professors who speak regularly with the media, but have never worked in politics in their lives.
Hoping you are having a great day, Your Majesty.
Nicholas didnt wake me up and gave Mom presents without me. But he woke me up after to play Skylanders... I love my little buggy <3 lol
I did! How was yours?
im at the end of the red line. Come see me:) what are you doing down here?
Noted... Traveling to Beirut next spring. Maybe I'll walk everywhere!
I think it May rain on me.
tired of being that chick....
Just eight more fans gets me to 400. Go tell the world. Thanks.
That's right better make her way over here.
About to watch #punkd with and I'm shaking in my bra out of excitement for the best Papi in town,
Clarifying: looking for prosumer ultracompact #camera. Large sensor, manual modes, fast ISO.
Nothing kills a giggle party like joking that you may be a psychopath.
Follow my coolest friend
Warped Tour isn't coming to Idaho :/ idk what ill do without my yealy warped fix and trying to get v.I.p passes from :/
Looks like he's the one who has some personal issues he should keep to himself.
with three minute long TV TO's every four minutes, depth should not be an issue...ever in tourney
now Jaime Bonilla can scheme at a higher level. Enough practice in south bay. Good luck & good riddence
says we've been fighting over control of info since 3rd C BC, cites Alexandria library
Grace Potter And The Nocturnals http:// www.theaquarian.com/2010/06/17/grace-potter-and-the-nocturnals-grace-potter-and-the-nocturnals/
Me too! Rob's brilliant! :)
so *that* proves a connection between #ows and the gunmen? :rolleyes:
It feels like New Years eve like it was just yesterday. 2012 is going by so fast, we're already here in May. Time doesn't wait for anyone.
#SFIMAtweetup Panel - Amy Mandelbaum, Interactive Marketing Manager, My Coke Rewards, The Coca-Cola Company
Wish Obama would just STOP playing politics! Giving "Amnesty" 2 illegals thru executive order!? If Bush pulled this- #outrage from the left!
#budinger can jump... but he has no creativity
hey if their going to keep you there for hours their going to keep you safe :)
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!;))<3ily
love it! a show on the Madison, WI community station used to play that every year.
Happy Mothers' Day to your moms!
Greatest game ever! neilson was out in full force. And he liked our #captainpumasign !
Seriously? RT “: Someone wearing a yellow hat will have the answer to your questions.”
Computer problems? Not for us! We've got the CURE!
finally get to meet in person Tristan :)
House Ag Committee voted to cut $33 billion #SNAP /foodstamps today. Impacting all low-income families in US.
wait are we talking about Pete rose?
Be Writing Them Bangers! You're A Prime Example Of Sucess!
Hello Santa Fe and Del Norte Credit Union Friends, see you on September 2nd!
Heading back to the D from WA... The last time I ever have to say bye to my love. Next time we see eachother it will be forever!!!:-)
Thanks for the mention ! Thanks for the RT !
Wolf gets his first hit of the year on a bloop to center.
Thank you. :) x
Up..really early for softball. So Good Morning! :)
After successful auditions in LA, don’t forget next auditions for ‘Laughing Stock’ in London on 6th April 2009!
It was better RT : Apparently everyone does -__- RT : I liked other avi better!
I think I have a dozen old phones. I could score big
What are you trying to do? Maybe I can help.
girl shut up u sick..
totally agree
"The pain from the past makes the pleasure way better."
u kno this man r u goin to the Easter thing granny is having
Comedy central. Kevin hart. Awesome
#classical Sketches of Classical Persian Ambience Found in New Picture Book
you have a stronger heart than I.
hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but i'm a potato, and I float in gravy :)
So sad to be leaving Chicago. Hehehe took so many videos with me<3.
my niece tells me London Bridge is falling down. Is it true?
“: hi thank U 4 followin' :) ciao by Italia”what's your email for music?
Got some good news my friends... I am the new representative for Treasures. Looking for the best in watches and jewelry? Look 4 us!
I rather have my neighbors play loud hip hop over loud dubstep any day of the week. This is kind of terrible.
Palm Beach Parenting's little "C.E.O" Collin had his first tooth pop through today! :)
the real question here is, isn't passed your bed time Miss Shay Nicole Avery! lol
me too, lady! Congrats on finishing up your semester!
Not calling no names, but if you are married & KNOW you will cheat & you live in Cali, please get a prenup!!!!!!
Today all day
haha, yeah it has been awhile for me too :)
Time to do my hw loo
RT Haha I still watch it from time to time. Motivation to do a good deed every now and then.. Still in San Diego bro.
quit tweeting and driving!
you'll get to one day :)
too soon?
To lose a friend is easy, to gain a friend, now that is hard. - Daily Quote by Mature
#Watching Suits
...sorry no tinting at the moment. We do have windows with Low-E glass though.
Me too! I need a week to process! RT : reviewing my notes from #SYSoul & garnering even more GEMS the 2nd time around.
Happy birthday
it's just so ridiculous!
Kings doing what San Jose couldn't do: creating traffic and chaos in front of Elliott. Constantly driving to the net
See all I had to do was call out the #Bruins and they tie it up woo
In N' Out Hotdog
Ah, gotcha. Drat. Not right away. We support cash sales world-wide, but because of the credit card companies [...cont...]
OMG NEW MOON WAS GREAT I LUVED AND IM GONNA WATCH IT IN THATERS AGAIN!!! EXCITED!!!
After today I just have comm 2500 and then nutrition on Friday
What up People! Be on the lookout for our newest location in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall!!!
Dez Young Niccaz R PETRIFIED 2 Throw Punches. Dey Only Wanna Throw Bullets.
Phil Long #cni12s talking about AR. Phones are a remarkable set of instruments. Android phone has 30 sensors.
My alarm goes off in less than 4.5 hrs.
a lot of hotel time
The U.S. and Brazil plan to boost trade in Cachaca and Tennessee Whiskey. Cachaca will be recognized as a distinct Brazilian product.
Had a family meeting, parents said the MIGHT get a divorce... I'm balling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
More contest winners! Ee
this is so new... No idea what I'm doing ...
In those cases they were placed under the one we felt was most relevant at the time
Did you see on the news that McDonald's McRib is made with pig stomachs, pig hearts, pig tripe (intestines) - Good to know!!!
welcome back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> lol
.. and, has just released a new album.. trying to find a link to it..
RT : Champ: I feel like I'm a Denver native. ... I'm home here. That played a big role in my decision to stay.
'I have great faith in this next generation that they will tie the personal to the political' Nancy Keenan on
Location scouting went great today! Stay tuned for some pictures!
You are human, give yourself a break today (and a hug).
RT : Create your own presidential campaign ad using historical footage and your own video, images, and sounds:...
haha you will
wish I didn't have to work tomorrow so I could see play in Bowling Green!!!! :(
Remember when the NBA playoffs were relevant?
you rang lol
I couldve been at the Lakers game last night and David Beckham was there... Wahhh
I'm holdin you to it
well I guess I should've asked if you are a MAHOMIE first!:D my bad:/
Their IPAs are a bit too bitter for me. and i usually like bitter.
DEAR EVERY DIRECTIONATOR AT MY ASLDKGJ SCHOOL. GO. I CANT. OMFG. NO WORDS CAN EXPRESS MY ANGER
#siri does this too right? :)
you were the one good memory I have of 2011. Happy and excited to go forward into 2012 with you ;) love u
Survey: What's your favorite pre/post audition ritual?
“If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.”
Molly Rose Bloom (NHS'13 ) to share her research Historical Non-Transcendence in DC: Georgetown & Anacostia
Brides-had a blast with you at wedding show yesterday-Tulsa-We are so looking forward to making your wedding the funnest event of the week!
SILENT and LISTEN both use the same letters...think about it
From the morning take: KSTP’s Jay Kolls says Rep. Steve Smith is considering changing parties.
Do you really want to take medical advice from a man who brags about being a stupid hick?
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
": My mother is a retired teacher watching with great concern"<< Mine is too, I have such high respect for them!!!
Add baby rabbit to the list of wild animals that have stayed in my dorm
Spending the afternoon in New Hope, PA for a commercial shoot.
gentlemen. #DidYouKnow that god prays to Dave Matthews?
sadly at this time it's only available on blurb.com in a limited edition so no isbn. Hoping to have a publisher in the new year.
Haha! Too funny
#thatcamproadtrip can't decide how to tweet about the symbolism of just running over a book.
I actually had him in class at Colgate University long ago- amazing man! I took both Atlantis and Western Eso with him!
going for a haircut then off to for some new summer duds !!
How I Met Your Mother and Prison Break. I've heard good things about Big Bang but haven't checked it out yet :/
what's your other option?
Gotta Get Ready For Work! Follow me on Da Twitter!!! I follow bakk!!! RT plz i will RT u!
#rushlimbaugh is an #asshat who deserves to be banned from radio after his gender #insensitive remarks.
It's Billy Crystal time!!!!!!!
it was so scary!! Lol
Hearing my voice through playback is beginning to give me the vocal confidence I've been lacking. Starting to believe the masses :)
i hear ya!
dont worry you will find something. There are plenty of designers that are needed :)
Certainly, if we think progressively about it, teaching IS a kind of prof. devmt. But it isn't that way necessarily.
#Favoriterecipe from childhood: Wiener Willy: cold flour tortilla, mini mart potato salad, cold turkey dogs. Back seat is the chef!
I don't have to get up early tomrrow
When people tell me to chill out after getting me worked up; GOOD LUCK !!!
Shakira Dances, Bathes in &#39;Addicted to You&#39; Clip (Video) | Trending ...
contemplating the post-American era in which he finds himself
on this group i'm in on facebook
We've decided to play another new song tomorrow night. This one is called "Caged" and it is pretty catchy.
field rules. That's epic. Congrats!
1,000: THINK. ACT. GO! "There is no doubt that if you follow your two a.m. voices you'll end up someplace fairly extraordinary." -J.Ritter
Good day at the @ Venus. Next shift at savile row tonight and a nice full day of rest before I start again on Tuesday.
how did you find my work?
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you. If you really make them think, they'll hate you. ~ Don Marquis
Put my oldest child on a plane for 10 weeks in Mali a couple of hours ago. Kind of hard to wrap my head around.
Suggestion – Fourth, Share a humorous story without attaching a point. This works great because your humility will attract the audience.
Tomorrow night is “Strike out Stroke Night” at the Padres, promoting stroke awareness and survivor celebration. There will be a pre-game...
practice what you preach!
on bootcamps: Designed to get 'traditional' faculty/scholars up and running with digital tools
It's self-defeating voting pols in who vote against bills the majority supports. NJ Dem's need to work on getting him out.
Welcoming to #packernation! Wanna ring? Let's go get it...#Superbowl2013!!! Go Pack Go!
thanks for the tip lady!
SOLIS is hosting a virtual Meet & Greet for SLIS students May 17 at 6:00 pm EST. Watch the listserv for more details!
Tonight is the free rueda lesson at 9pm followed by open dancing at Hot Water.
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins......Ulysses S. Grant
O I guess she follows me... o well I still will
ha ha sounds like your stand up material !
betchuu mines worse ! Ew black shows everything
Influensters are obsessed with their #lovevoxboxes! Join to qualify for programs in March & May exclusively designed for moms!
Leap Reports First Quarter Results
Completing NEW ARTWORK for JULY FIRST FRIDAY 2010 EXHIBITION in THE ARTS FACTORY (LAS VEGAS, NEVADA). This will most likely be my LAST LAS …
thank you!! Hope to see you at next month's first Friday!!!
I feel I make a mistake switching from &T to : has no roll-over minutes. Who doesn't have that?!
wondering what would happen if all the gente of facebook started acting like the population of a nation. and then myspace. then twitter ...
DO I GET ANY ADDED VALUE FOR MY $7.25?
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
which girl can do this Jamaica dance Gal BUBBLE
Nice to meet you, would love to see your design work! Any Ti questions, just let me know. cc/
Mainly just to hear her say things like "interact-shown" and "user experi-ounce."
Love days with the boyfriend <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
TY! RT : Thanks for another great chat! (part 2)
iso just got some dvd's hehehehe
Stay Tuned and Stay Connected to HBN – Thank you for your love and support – God Bless You - RT -
Happy Sunday to all, make this day great!!! ;)
#WhyDoIAlways Get Hurt By Someone I Put My All Into
Strawberry/Peach/Cherry Tequila. M.... $5 Margaritas, anyone? No "sour mixes," just fresh juice. Show us this tweet and it's yours!
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it. Wharton, Edith
Well that just ruined the somewhat good mood I was in -__-
hahahaha. Let's Go Heat!
Firehook Bakery & Coffee House has the best coffee in the Farragut Square area!
Congrats to for their #NoKidHungry Conference of Leaders award! Such a great partner to
the best!
Instead of casual Friday, it is hipster casual attire day, hence,
Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it.
what happened? heard you hurt your knee??
#YoMomma So Fat That When She Saw A Yellow Bus She Yelled "Stop That Twinkie"
It's great to have big goals. It's a source of motivation - Joannie Rochette
can someone please get mad as a proxy for me right now kthanks.
JFG students@ Monarch High School performed their poems annual Poetry Slam/Dasha Saint Remy/a must see/She should be on Def Poetry Jam
follow me hottie and maybe I will show u more!!
It is good to know there is someone else who loves gross looking delicious candy!!!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night. I think we kept BrewCo in business through the drought that is UCLA spring break.
What made you say that?
fingers crossed, the issue may be resolved. Today is the first time in a while I can get on the site at this time with no issues.
what a great night!
We'll still get storms, but likely not severe. Watch out for heavy rain.
she sounds hideous
Ikr lmao like where did he come from hahahhahahha
Crash into me
we're gonna kiki so hard.
Do mousepads with gel wrist support actually make a difference?
Small teams, big conversations. "Think like a start-up"
The Global Practice Support Analyst provides a high level of support in the areas of litigation and transactional matters
“When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.”
He will win COY! Especially when they win tomorrow. Signed, the dude that beats Jeff in fantasy baseball each year
Any News Junkies who follow Current Events want to chat? Send a Tweet!!
Like Fat Bastard. GET SOME FOOD IN UR BELLY!!!!!!!!!
I guess. But why not cut out the middle man? If I just don't die in the first place, then I can feed my pets indefinitely.
truly enjoyed brainstorming everything from business models to character class + driving around to Sad But Superstitious
I hate paperwork...
BAB! Call me
It's HARD to find virgins in our Generation!
It's alright, we will have hottie athlete husbands one day.. As for you, HATERZ GON' HATE <U+2764> hahaha
all over the place. do you mean where to we host #BASHH? #i'mslow
Satisfying to know that we've got Ken off on the right track to oral health today.
Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
so many films to watch....but have no desire to. something's wrong with me
Morning Rockstars! > The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man be perfected without trials. - Danish Proverb
For the record, I want a call from , not Pee Wee. I don't know Pee Wee. TSo much awkward silence. But pekochan? We could CATCH UP!
Just acquired the space at 642 Virginia! Now the planning/painting/preparing begins. It's a wild and beautiful ride!
And one lucky husband got a very special new hat at Tar-zhay! Let the march of pride about the living room commence.
Good morning good people! It's "Make it happen" Monday! So I'm off to make it happen, chat witcha later:-)
I meant notice not nice, Stupid autocorrect..
"Fall seven times, get up eight." - Why do I do this?! When I have a goal...I run full speed back, then go forward. Anyone else do this?
You can say yes. In fact, it's preferred that you scream it at your monitor while you read the MM.
Hey Mark...email me details. Tony[at]tinhouse[dot]com
Say it to my face.
Everyone is making up trash about their mom listening to to get a RT. liars.
If you missed reading MIRACLE BEACH, she's reading again on Tuesday, Aug 30. At 6 pm at Booked For Murder in Madison
Listening to your WTF podcast with Maron. Nice!! What are you up to? Sad the pilot got shelved.
We look forward to seeing you! RT : can't wait for CC2!!
For being the birthplace of the English language the British sure can't speak it very well.
Late night olympics really whooped my ass
Favorite quality of living downtown: Waking up to the best food smells every day
When you ignore & mistreat someone who is or was important to you, they're learning to be completely happy without you & with someone else.
"then we'll fly until there is no wind so lets crawl, crawl, crawl back to love."
thank you much!!!
Rainy, overcast Sundays are absolutely *perfect* for pinning on Pinterest :)
glad you're OK. Surprised that much is left.
I'm a hystersister!
Just scooped a 3k pot at 1-2 plo. We
I feel the need to start keeping track of these mentions. Though, as pointed out, they are usually somewhat maddening.
"The 9" will blow your mind. Word is, is a pretty sweet venue! Go get 'em,
yes, warm up is on the board and they have a procedure for entering. But they are teenagers so it can become social hour.
Thank you for the retweet!
Lol this game is over...
Try to find that Jim Carrey 'Ride the Snake' SNL bit.
aww thx that was my uncles name but he passed away
#fox13gmm Gonna miss u in the AM ! I luv my GMM crew! It's great 2 hv bk & , but I enjoy ur personality 2!
shoot! Id go with u girl. Lemme know next time, yanno when I don't have speak to the ppl of CLE in the afternoon.
kroy biermann he plays for the Atlanta falcons <3
Andrew Torget talking about the difficulty of translating his digital project into a narrative text
if it counts all the people way in the suburbs then it isn't that surprising only 3%, city proper I would think higher
#HowToMakeItInAmerica Have no talent, but have a great publicist.
Thank you, Evergreen Valley College's AFFIRM Program for hosting a workshop/concert for my trio and me this afternoon. BIG FUN!
o well hs
my favorites are the homework assignments: "help. I need to come up with a slogan for nickel." with no further explanation.
I want to be like you when I grow up
I think the #puma needs a drink, but I've seen him lose it like that...isn't that one of the reason Vermes looked at him!
You should follow me :)
way to assume I'm a boy.
Cool. I'll wander up there after my shift ends at 5.
I love you! You are brilliam! please marry me? <U+2665> aha. massive thanks to you for making such great music! love ya!
The new layout's looking' good! Brooklyn United and Name are now above the info. More hierarchy is good.
Helping a newbie learn how to Tweet
hahahaha dude I thought it said not following ,I was like okndouchbag lol :P
The next person to sign on as my coach on shakeology HD will receive a gift from me :)
what?? How'd that happen? Praise God!
Have you purchased tickets online? The new option launched last Sunday and there is a big #MegaMillions drawing tomorrow.
MARK SANCHEZ IS TRASH
Thanks for the RT Jake!
sure, going on lunch at 1:45
Pretty sure the new lady at work has a Miley Cyrus ringtone.
Thanks you much.
Sending some soup, mess, hot tea and oj before I take it down... Hope ur feeling better soon...
Ion do swine, but I play with the football. Knowledge.
#FridayListens MYSTIC ARTS OF ERASING ALL SIGNS OF DEATH by & read by P M Garcia. Loved Hank Thompson trilogy, enjoying this.
you light skin now oh!!! They just don't allow your light skin ass
Today is the day of tweet 2k
cool man we'll get that out in the mail to you today!
Blacks make up less than 23% of the Detroit Metro area general population, but comprise 69% of persons living with HIV in this here.
uk also has a winning record against YMCA. How are they looking this year?
He said " i have a PHD, a pretty huge d..." wow ! Lmao
I was waiting for the crowd to boo the Military. They've booed everyone else.
Once a man has used a sleeve instead of his own hand he will not ever turn back. 1 Sleeve + Lube = Same Feeling As P***y ;)
Completely agree. I'm just saying Tracy risked his best player by even sending Tulo out there.
Wow Bro, that is deep.
John Quincy Adams He who has never learned to obeycannot be a good commander
legit...hmm I'm envisioning a new lifestyle brand right now "Team ENTJ"...
call me back cuh
That person was King David who lived 70 years; which was mentioned in 2 Samuel! Mind=Blown
good and you (:
could they just add 2 more cars to the metro mover instead of a trolly system?
Most of them did, seeing as he TWEETED ME. :D
worked 4 me be4... its been removed... w/o any mirrors... some leftover regards See Your Dentists Be4 Taking Osteoporosis Drugs
G4S hires ex-Navy counter-piracy expert G4S Risk Management has appointed former NATO counter-piracy officer Martin Ewence, pictured, as
What's with ugly uniforms taking over college football?
B2B training at our store this week! Going great as far as reorganizing the store and better serving ALL customers- Big Improvements coming!
I had a dream last night that peaks Island was starting a yarn line.
Dark shadows by Tim Burton with Jonny Depp was amazing, then went to Zach's and played Dance Central. Funn night!
RT Is it just me or does it seem like Tiger is not just reading the questions, but also the answers in those cheat sheets?
Welcome to UW! RT : I'll always b a proud Terp alum but am hungry 2 get after it & start my nxt chapter in Madison!
you can fall flat on your face as long as there's a mattress to catch you. Get some rest my sassy lass
section 103 row h
Reading that made me smile :)))))) my night just keeps getting better and better :)
for reals just mad the OMG face.
is a good example. RT ": Some people's eyebrows are distracting"
True! RT : A2- whether face to face or virtual -every conversation has the potential 2lead to collaboration
Duke takes down Wake Forest 4-1 to advance to the Finals of the #CollegeCup. They'll face Stanford on Sunday at 1pm EST on
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust3256
When's your next show in Nashville? We really enjoy your music. Keep up the great writing
Ha! RT: Occupy ruined my commute home yesterday and this morning when I woke up I felt an odd kinship with Jamie Dimon. Weird.
RT : Don't miss Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary tonight in the blackbox!! 7pm! come early to get a seat!
Crawford: the chisel that wants to cut and measure at the same time--it is a tool expressing abstractions, desires, wonderings.
we need some midwest tour dates! who wants to help us out!?!?!?!?
it would help. They r gonna be far apart, but that is how negotiations work.
I was just called the brunette version of a blond. Not quite street how I feel about that.
They both are very good but the Yankees are not the Rays/Nats. They don't operate the same way. The Yanks have Jeter, Arod
U can follow me
We just finished our huey's gig im Southaven ms. The Huey's staff and customers are always great. Thanks guys!!!
Bring to your campus! New book & tour on the way.
I wouldn't mind getting up at six if it didn't come so bloody early.
We'll hopefully my processing is almost over im ready to make that overseas money!!! Ready to touch down in Kandahar, Afghanistan!
great pic. Happy Sunday!
Big brother is out cold!! Lol !!
Can you follow me so I can DM you? Thanks!
#10FavoriteNickiMinajSongs hov lane young forever come on a cone && marilyn monroe
#happymothersday. Love you mom!! Thank you for everything. You're an amazing woman and I'm so grateful to have you in my life! <U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
How many more times am I gonna have to hear about the cuddling shit?...
About to watch a documentary called First Position at this little independent theatre. As you can guess, it's about ballet.
#myfirstyearatPVAMU ... another Houston-area related trending topic? How is this happening?
worst article read.I agree with Brandon,stop sucking up to the players & Oliver Luck. u want to be on their good side..we get it
Sorry, but I think that #MSU is a little too hot right now... If they play, it will be a great game! Tom Izzo is magic in March!
And of course my computer won't work when I absolutely HAVE TO MY PROJECT! <U+E407>
no we went over this already ! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
I hope #SOMEDAY will notice me , I have been trying for 2 years.. #NeverSayNever #makemylife 8
Packing for tomorrow's trip to NY. Collar stays have to be the most illusive accessory known to man. Worse than socks.
RT : Robocall: "Mr. Wrong has been defeated, our goals have been met. Relax. Do not write protest letters. Everything's fine."
I am 25 yrs young & 25 yrs from now, I will still be a #Knicks fan, & even 50 yrs from then on & on.
Happy st George's day. A day to celebrate Shakespeare and morris dancing, clouded hills and our green and pleasant land. :)
Reminder: Everything you think is important really isn't and you're going to die someday.
read profile freak!
RT Break the rules & join us for 'Tweet Seat Nite!' We want u 2 tweet during BUS STOP Wed 4/18 :30. Msg to request free tix!
Subjective morality - yes. Subjective reality - no.
Every time I see that news segment...I pray for my boy and his family. Memories are forever...never forgotten
Looking fwd to meetings about #allchildrenreading today w partners
I ripped the back of my hoodie on a poll at the movies. Ugh.
Hope my followers have a wonderful positive day, I encourage everyone to do a good deed today make someone happy.
Life is a dancer, you are the dance.
Urban and Regional Policy and Its Effects edited by Margaret M. Weir F'88 now available from
how about Norwood returning punts this year?
S/o to for playing I used to love h.e.r. that made my night right there
follow me and dm when u do
With his award today, Larry Bird is now the only person to win MVP, Coach of the Year, and NBA Executive of the Year.
Nutrition Tip: Instead of thinking in terms of good food and bad food, think variety. Don't obsess over food, because all foods have value.
is it r
thanks! I have so many from last night, it was mesmerizing.
As would I, but at this point there's not much doubt which of them will be riding. Though maybe Tuft for TT? We'll see.
hadn't checked...is there a crash Davis shirt yet?
Can you provide a screenshot so I can check what's wrong? /cc
I've said it before and I'll say it again. Of all the rap groups with sousaphone players, and the roots are right near the top
Looking for more friends here!! ;)
Tonight's Song.... Take It Off--
5 more Blazer home games wiped off schedule (Boston, Minnesota...) as NBA officially cancels games through Dec. 15th
When our relatives are at home, we have to think of all their good points or it would be impossible to endure them. ~George Bernard Shaw
lol they came to the Civic Auditorium
we thank you!
Lol ain't that the truth! RT : I figured there were no pockets in those skirts you wear on set
they actually are. I've had to sit thru Math professors proof things like that several times
Nice & <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> outside today! But hey at least the <U+2600> is shining!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x4
"Sometimes the clothes do not make the man"
lil BUNS??? (-___-) lol im done with all my work for the day thank yu very much!
Cheese RT : What's your favorite pretzel dip?
joined us for #ElectionValues forum Apr 17. look for his full reflections in the June Woodstock Report!...
watup babe u gud over there??
No trophies for 2nd place
The smell of rain <
Eva Longoria is beautiful!
INSANITY WOMEN, 2% BODY FAT SIX PACKS, THE AFRICAN AMERICAN LIKE THEIR SOFT AND WOMANLY MORE THAN SODA CRACKERS. WAITING TO EXHALE GREGORY
Thank u for the follow :))
Protein snacks keep belly fat away. Try fat free Greek yogurt sprinkled with walnuts.
. Probably you have a large-ish infestation - a lot of stuff likes to dig in leaves. But it's tree/pest species dependent.
Good to see my cousin on SNL this weekend w/ Bon Iver. (I knew him when he was this tall!)
voted for you...good luck...
I love school <3333
so sometimes we change for the better! but other times we just change to hide our pass and get on with our lifes....
bored as hell, someone hmu or come chill!
left a good job out in the city ! Workin' fo' da man evaah night and day! An' I neva lost one minute uh sleep cause I was worryin'
“: "how about we take the annoying people at STA, and put them in gibbons" Worked with Ginaa Mooney.” LOL RT
Just saw her for 2.2
Four day weekend! Yay!
Watching marshmellows grow in the microwave <U+2665>
Interested in getting together after?
too freaky since Angela and the girls have been watching the show alot lately.
S/O 2 My Sister Out There In Cali & Arizona Handling Busine$$ Keep Grindin Keep Shinin :) Love Ya!!!
no time to follow me.
Do you like receiving giftcards? I personally love them!
so sorry keeping u and your mother in my prayers :(
Mission accomplished..!! Brad is up haha I completed my goal :}
thanks for the RT maria!
nigga i have 4 tracks on deck I NEED STUDIO TIME!
Make It Or Break It !
"My parents accused me of being a liar. I looked them in the face & said, "tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny." & walked away like a boss."
These haters can smd, I BELIEVE IN YOU BRAUN.
Mitt focuses too much on who he is against and too little on what he is for.
Four Year Strong in academy 2 sold out yet? Can someone check for me
I would call my gorgeous bed my best friend right about now.
Why yes, today is friday and my name is Rebecca black. Unfortunate coincidence? Yes.
hurjifkdxjfchgi! No not nice, i got called a blonde asian today..
I'd like to welcome to my list of twitter followers. Enjoy all of the awesomeness.
haha love it! Yes to lunch. It would be great to catch up!
hi Gavin, thx for sharing my tweet! Cheers!
At #DodgerStadium, enjoying the beautiful LA evening, some peanuts, Bark in the Park, and some baseball.
I'm so ready for the future, it isn't ready for ME."
Smoking doesn't make you a bad person, people should hop off.
YES! I like that! But how does one get in your prizm? I looked on your website and don't see any for sale?
need some photographic evidence to support a claim like that!
On a lighter note. The Dodgers won!!!!
holy twitter timeline full of nothing but check ins..
The only thing that stops us from truly understanding someone else, is what we THINK we already know about them.
I will follow who ever follows me
aww sad. Ok, we're all poor. You got me.
"It ain't no fun if you ain't got funds" and that's real
Dude, your team is tweeting about dogs and cookies...
Great job great game yesterday! :0)
What a day! I have faith the the #NYGiants!
I spent time there last summer & SO loved it. Enjoy. RT : currently we're in Chiang Mai. Back to the US in June!
Just discovered that runs #drupal on his site.
"I can't type numbers in my phone and drive at the same time." <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> we're gonna die. Lmaoooo
We love fabulous new followers!
hoping hears these #winning drops of himself today on 93.5 FM KDAY (Los Angeles)
agreed. Delap's throws are better than corners for Stoke
Don't sell me no dreams bro.
RT : Barely a mention of boxes at Dell Annual Industry Analyst Conference #DAAC in Austin. You've come a long way baby!
Awhhhh yeah! Won my last game. 3-2. Scored two. <3 ill miss you guys next year:( Well, i wish u would wake up!!!!!
“: you are very pretty in this picture” thank you :)
Red Sox chasing Halladay, said to be close to a deal
I Really hope to met you before you leave <3 follow back please (:
Isao Aoki, a Japanese golfer, is the only player to have won events on the PGA tour, Senior tour, Japanese, European, and Australian Tour.
Congrats! How exciting!
Here I am once again on Sunday night doing everything that I promised I would do earlier in the weekend.
W.e
I shared your stuff with about 20 business leaders that now think of you as the next BIG thing. What now?
I support that 100%
Indie demigods are playing #theconservatory in TWO HOURS... I met Mr. Dando in Martha's Vineyard 13 years ago.
Hi Anne! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!
"Find A Way" is finding it's way!! Sounds great. Super looking forward to #Pink&Purple Debut Album coming soon!
Minivan we were going to use broke down. May have a back-up van. Have secured back-up Suburban. 1996 with 183k? Maybe not.
I'm ready but if u wanna make it another night its ok
Love your enemies. It makes them so damned mad !!
Love meeting with our celebration worship team UMC. They are hard core and press me farther.
Haven't read my lit circle book in FOREVER
You know my dependence on other people's coffee roasting is a check that preserves world order, right?
for $45 it had better be freaking fantastic.
Ashlynne from Albuquerque? Makeup artist? We met at CB??
This dudes an ass lol RT : if i don't wish you a happy birthday it means facebook didn't tell me to. blame facebook.
why do u still have your pants on?
Is he assuming they were Christian? Or cataloging the ways in which they might be Christian?
From NWS, Trained spotter reports FLOOD at 03:25 PM CDT -- severe flooding...2.5 ft. impassable or closed roads at Rimrock at Badoen lane.
RT : It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness - Tolstoy
Mar 28,1932: Churchill declined offer of 50 guineas to speak on BBC about American tour because it was "not a good commercial venture."
Insecurity is whats ugly, not u
hopefully, that will come in handy when she becomes a tennis superstar :-)
Speak out forcefully in my other incarnation. Lots of good people have been deluded. Get hate mail for my efforts but change a few
used to play kids with only 16 pieces and win.
I'm trying to lose weight so that's motivating me. I honestly don't wanna end up too far behind you "real" runners.
One more paper to finish, some discussion posts and this semester is over! Next Tuesday starts my last MLIS course!
Dear guys and gals, how you speak to yourself is how you will allow others to speak to you. Are you verbally self abusive?
Wouldn't it be awesome to be a zombie for a day :?
that's me ! BB season is 4 sure a way of life 4 me! Nothing else to talk about!
Took a walk with my Alzheimer's ridden Mom, so hard to hear her confusion. So young. So far away.
For a human being to smell like Elmer's Glue? .... NOT okay -__-... #GetYourLife *in my voice*
they did what I thought eh??
#BlackhawksHockey RT Tough loss tonight for #Coyotes. Now we go back to
Thanks for sharing, tough day. Wonderful news about your dad! Wonderful community we all live in.
my account keeps messaging people saying "see what this person is saying about you (link) terrible things..." How can I stop that?
I'm done listening to Reggie this postseason
hope the bus driver isn't tweeting while driving!
If you want to be successful, you must either have a chance or take one.
#2Hours can do lots of things.
i am going to thee movies with my friends and boyfriend and i want the texans to win #gotexans :)
That summer never ends. - Cody Simpson "SummerTime":-)
Munch city has been moved to chipotle
no. I tend to want to make them stop when the last on time person finishes, but some on time people have already finished.
that would honestly be really fucking cool
Busy day!!! 8 this morning to 9 at night work!! 0.0 wish me luck!!
Limiting factor to Fri svr potential is just how warm and humid we get. Any breaks in the clouds will increase the svr threat.
RT : Dez Duron should have made it! Why did the producers not tell Xtina to pick him no matter what?! #thevoice No kidding!
heehhee... English ninja. Nice... but I read a book. Jack was Charles Dickens. :)
we need to plan dinner when you're done...curious to see what you think!
santa monica...on montana....menchies
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream
Have to stay on the positive side of things regardless if there are ONLY 6 more weeks of winter!!!! I can live with that!
Recommended gamble: Listen for some local hype, and attend a show of a band you've never heard—go on hype alone.
#LAKings dominate play for 14 minutes, then allow a goal from the red line? Quick has been lights out, but that's a major let down for LA.
As you might expect: chock full of wonderful dog collars throughout history.
its called THINK LIKE A MAN, not LOOK LIKE ONE BITCH!
Getting the low-down on how to run a successful fitness facility with Generously sharing his secrets to success.
waiting to watch Barcelona VS Real Madrid! this is gonna be intense........
Long night of class with ... Lots of acting techniques to ponder in my dreams!
Big schools equally a lot of drama
Going to lunch with and trying not to die in the rain.
If a girl is stupid enough to love you after you broke her heart, I guarantee you, she's the one.
Sometimes you hear somebody sing a song. Other times they really perform it and bring it to life. That's when magic happens.
": my friend texted me to tell me about May 31st ! #fangirlsunite" YESS. I'm so excited lol <32
#ilookforward to moving out and away from my Dad, & finally getting to be happy with who I wanna be happy with.
THE ORPHAN MASTER'S SON is SO on my list.
Today's tip: eat several small meals a day. Helps control weight and keeps blood sugar and energy levels more even.
and I have discovered something truly great called "Cop Rock." Do yourself a nice favor and get into it.
Good word and reminder!! // RT ...I suppose it's a matter or who you're trying to please and what shapes your idea of success.
text me!
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer
Scored tickets to The Price Is Right... Going to The Dr. Drew Lifechangers Show today... Busy week! : )
i wonder if the world were would all the black poeple go hood
if they do a third, all networks will.
Of course and it's our pleasure.
'Okay, Oprah, Barbera Walters, your wife: you gotta fuck one, marry one, kill one. Go!'
Merry Christmas!
I can't watch it or I'll feel like a cheater
watching the weather - it's cold - brrr!
My new vfav director is he's so sick
Stick a fork in the Orlando Magic....they're done.
Worked from home today! The ability to get paid while still in my PJs may be addicting.
Tangoing with my love :)
How to prevent the big miss??
#RyanKennedy Be strong Ryan. You have people in your corner.
that is what winners do gf
Hey, thanks for the RT. Hope things are going well for you!
Shout outs to everyone that thought was better when he was fat & ugly.
no problem! My pleasure! Im excited for you!
hahah what does that have to do with anything? O__o
People please make the right decision. Think things through.
what are we doing? :)
Making all of Boston happy! RT : #celtics make me happy
Whats up everyone !
Its just a bug in the system. At least it seems that way.
yeah, it's hard to be safe no matter which way we slice it.
you need one so we can iMessage all day long.
If talent, a great work ethic and a passion for breaking new artists matters to you, then is your man!
On #CNN right now #Romney looks tired in a way I've never seen him look before.
I don't feel like working today anymore. Ugh.
Really quite excited for 's #gdc talk about applying psychology's big 5 motivation domains to games
If you've seen the Facebook movie, YES our site works just like Facemash... only BETTER!
Andrew Schilling (COL'14 ) will share his research project, Catholic Identity in an Age of Individualism
It actually motivated me more. It was an intense match already, but that made it even more intense - Brandon Low
Hard 2 believe da Esperanza n town & Ian excited like I use 2 b
Yes, over-hyped, but it's impossible to over-evacuate. Evacuating saves lives; hype doesn't.
So I went to the fabulous ladys room, came back and everybody was gone!!! WhatTheBleep!??!!!
Council fights fish farming &#39;gold rush&#39;
Love You 2 !
yikes! I'm glad you're okay!
it's the truth though.
Salmon and Sriracha sauce is one of my favorite combos in life.
i'm #9,367,974 to see "212". ha! great article. itunes also changed evryth. people don't listen to entire albums anymore. sigh.
its been on a few days! I noticed it too!! Very nice!!
We feel like we r at MKEs version of the Oscars
yea they got that shit mfs sucking on
Smh George and Hibbert each have 5 fouls. The Heat's big 3 each have 1 foul. Be fair refs...
Shit man at commerce center and gotta walk home!
RIP Etta James
Vampire Monkeys
gotta love jack johnson<U+E32B>
so cool!!!! Good for you! Pics please
I bet Mohammad Ali vs Michael J Fox would be the most intense game of Operation ever.
so what time is dinner!!!!
Just finished The Hobbit on my Android Kindle app
Tommy Thompson is not a mod Rep, He is a RINO. Look at his record.
Membership information on the AAR Web site updated. Will open to queries again on 1/15/10.
i still can't believe I won big time rush tickets last night!! i'm so happy, you guys are the best!<3
so cute! They have some personality now! What kind of dogs do you have?
dude! big brother starts soon.
I officially have a crush on Rooney Mara...
Cards win.
Just clarifying- Thursday league starts April 8. Check out the schedule & put it in ur planner: www.gokickball.com/columbus
Soup's on! Today's selection: Chicken Pastina Ravioli Florentine Tortellini Brodo Escarole and Beans Greek Lemon Chicken Beef Barley
Do not believe in talking about your work. Let it talk for itself. I'd instead make cash than just converse about my business.
thank you!!
great job hun! ^_^ now enjoy your summer & get ready for another year! see you in the Fall!
Are we "just friends?" Sometimes I wonder.
How ya been? I've discovered Instagram and um...uh...what was I saying? Wait...hope you feel better.
Betancourt is hitting .320 on the young season. :)
Desire a #nudist special getaway $100 per night Caliente Resorts
Just realized is rockin a t-shirt at this Danny Brown/Gambino show aww chyea. Demon beast and a b-ball! Hah!
Polaris Marketing reports Google+ Usage Will Continue to Grow; 57% say they “definitely” or “probably” will use Google+ in next 6 months
Halloween Specials at Washington Restaurants
Fuck, I gotta run 2 miles today
To all the people saying, "The Heat dont need Bosh." Yeah, we could use him. We score 10 less points with him off the court.
dude...we speakin the same language now!
Tonight at 7pm come get schooled on Don Julio Tequila! Hors d'oeuvres provided to ensure you get to work tomorrow morning!
"It's not easy being green" K.T. Frog #andypoll: Share your favorite saying! Answer & RT plz!
Yeah, more expensive, for sure. Try a yo yo or a slinky.
Yay for sleeping in, mama!
Night love you <3
Dont b afraid when I open up my pussy lips fa u, thats just an invite to dive in head first...
I mean the games r still close.
I love me!
I like to talk slang.
Really great student discussion section on our second day
Scott County Schools closed Monday, March 5.
Dang it! I am working all day and missing the #Hack-off. At least I can follow on Twitter.
Downtown Bardstown is so bad ass. Awesome job from a historical preservation aspect. It's like something out of a movie set.
Why are mornings so terrible
I wonder what beverage I should drink to celebrate another victory?
I can easily throw away any pair of old shoes, but I can never seem to pitch any of my soccer boots.
<U+2640>A smart person knows what to say. A wise person knows whether or not to say it<U+2640>
I am blessed to have you as a brother. You do a wonderful job as a single father. I am proud of you. Love you always.
wait I agreed to do what at 7am? no day should begin before noon
Maks loves her too. So it is between 2 of you now.. :)
Thanks! I've heard great things!
good luck, Javier!
A totally new fantasy... involving a 16 year old boy mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood cold
hey I did over 75 lappies last night and had em beggin 4 more pretty hot party another one next week all welcome-Manhattan
thoughts leaving rehearsal: + + + = unreal creative team. look out.
Omg. Gym was so fun today. feeling excited
Thanks for the RTs about Birmingham!
Is this stunt casting from the Guthrie, with Peter Rachleff playing Sen. Joseph McCarthy in new play on Langston Hughes?
I really could use some good news this week. Hashtag wishful thinking.
State of the Twittersphere - January 2010 (PDF)
As a fan of basketball I would love to see these boys from OKC stay together for they whole careers. That would be dope.
Tortoise and Air need to make a split album of really fast/slow music called "The Tortoise and the Air."
hey taylor me and my friend LOVE you abd were sing if it were a movie for out talent show! u inspire us!
I might go midnight. Nerdgasm to follow. Can't wait. Summer blockbusters are upon us!!! Yay!!!
I love NYCity! Was there in May 2001...right before 9-11...SO would love to go back.
oh HELL YES they are!!!!
Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter. Thoughts?
#MovieFactOfTheDay When the Film "The Wizard of Oz" first came out, it got bad reviews. The critics said, it was stupid and uncreative.
On our way to Baltimore, MD for Conference 2012!
Wrestling Bracket on right now!!
Which Country Artist Slammed ‘The Voice,’ Blake Shelton AND ‘American Idol’?
This is one hot night
if you haven’t it means you’re going soft
DC is in the process of replacing 70,000 street lights with LED technology.
bike got trashed by a car (i'm fine). previous bike: stolen. the one before: car run over it. there is a lesson there, just not sure what ..
Ugh Vernon Davis strikes again.
Idea: new fire alarm for the school should be a song. I'll vote for Great Balls of Fire.
thank you! :)
My story ain't the only story I'm telling
hey just chillin at home on this rainy afternoon
Climbing Mt St. Helens? We want pictures! Thanks for sharing your #getoutandzip idea. Stay tuned for more contest details!
Wayne, may I ask, what is your "9-5"? What do you do for a living? BTW, I love all the daily edification!
Highlight of my day? Meeting with about partnership. I <3 when people use their natural gifts & talents to help in Rwanda!
er, shouldn't one of the questions on the 'Quiz' be gender?
The #BeautyOfIslam is that the Qu'ran was never changed since its introduction. Mashallah.
and don't forget to make one for !
Stopped the stream. Nobody came by. If peeps are up closer to release time and want a chat, let me know, Ill re-open.
hey there(;
Spiders should be housed alone. They are not social. Burrowing #tarantula should have cage at least 3x leg span long, 2x wide.
follow me pianalho!;)
What's for breakfest? Leggo my eggo? No such luck, down to Dunk $
which teachers?
It's just lunch.
Hey, Nina would Y100 be able to be part of the Project Lifesaver International Conference in October?
ManU Report: City eyes domination as United reflects on failure (The Associated Press)
can't sleep. Guess it's over
Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
There are only 4 #Oscars left to give out. Take a deep breath for a push to the end.
BlocPower aims to serve underserved communities in #bk. It would help churches, nonproifts bring down their energy costs.
Come in during happy hour to watch game 1 of the ALCS! Featuring $3 domestic drafts and half priced appetizers!
nice pic on twitter! Hope you had a good xmas
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
w so many problems all over- are we going to invade the world? nothing out there i see worth an argument, let alone a fight.
I'm with you. I'd love to see some 4th quarter mins for 2 Time.
Thx, Karen - I'm much better already. Just need to make it thru the weekend & I should be out of the woods ;)
Me, too. But the older generation definitely needs to adher.
Is there anyone that doesn't look at fark.com for their news? You lack a sense of humor if you don't.
off to records management II. One of these days I'll file some way other than piles of piles. (Piles of boxes - that's the trick
We have shows Thursday at Eastside Lounge, Friday at Hole in the Wall and Saturday at Tantra Coffee house in San Marcos!
new nickname for Jamey Carroll: "Slappy Pappy"
i sak to him for follow me : ) and he following and tweeted me :D
The first thing I was told this morning: "There are some Swcheddy Balls in the kitchen."
Oh my, I would guess they had you hook line and sinker with the quote "like a modern day Hoosiers" ??
NYC ed struggles: Leadership from local is frequently on the wrong side of "edreform"
Hearing those words suck.
Could you please provide us with the location, direction and time this occurred? Thank you. We would like to investigate.
I Cired When the toys were going into the flaming grabage thingyy in toy story 3...:/
iiTe got follow and These two guys are my brahhs! they are the legit shit!
you aren't a good latino you non spanish speaking immigrant.
Beautiful night out in LA. Can't wait for NY and Boston next week!
Thanks! I'm thinking it's time to write this up for a wider audience ...
got u bro
You, however, get to organize the chapters in any order you'd like or even change them entirely - how cool is that?
Lol u or one your guys would be great easy to turn it into a juco powerhouse and. U will actually care if they graduate
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 57F PARTLY CLOUDY
should make a tumblr...and we can be tumblr buddies...
While I can see arguments for Brady and/or Manning over Montana, using total TD and total yards to do it isn't the way to go
Honesty is the test of ones will within this universe
You know that on the other side there is nothing but distruction.
Why did I not go see Civil Wars when they were in Milwaukee?
U R cooler - just saying!!
ya i mean i love both teams but damn thats cool Packs 11-0 but got love for NY :)
One Direction at the Yum! Center June 16th - this will be HUGE. Do you have a favorite guy from the band?
Katherine Heigl, GIRL, how the #*$& do you still get work?
Working on the May launch party guest list!! Who's coming?!?
"Fun Donut"? Whats a Fun Donut? Only you Robb! lol
Fell victim to the dreaded reply all.
That's gonna be on Sportscenter
Wow, philly is clueless as ever. They barely beat the bulls minus 2 best players and celebrating like they won title. Sit down iggy.
Push come to shove I will be doing the pushing and the shoving.
What a beautiful first day of spring, right?
friday, bored friday ....
Ha! That nigga just lied <U+E40D>
Hm. The day after you get what you always wanted is a little confusing.
hey there. Are u gonna do the announcements and prayer requests this week?
Date night :)
thanks for the Childish Gambino!
Please call in- we would love to hear your stories. And spread the word too. YES I'll be at NCPH. Care to have a coffee/drink?
OH SNAP!! Katie Olson just got a twitter......
That rejected feeling you get.. When you call your dog and it doesn't come too you....
good thanks you? :)x
Sometimes I over think a tweet. This isn't one of them.
Tough loss against osu... At least the #LAKESHOW won :-)
it was a little 4 yr olds princess party haha
thanks for the mention:)
u jerk I found you :)
To all my real(no spam) followers: Live and let God!
participating in #opened11 from afar, if that counts
Thank you Kimmi! And just so you know I'm a Zumba fanatic too! ;)
The food channel has exciting shows for delicious and easy meals. CHECK OUT alton brown
God has been soo good to me, and despite it all I praise him!
Sitting patiently on lockdown at work due to another shooting at CUMC. Awesome.
An awesome adventure lies within every connection made!
Doesn't that breach attorney-client privilege? Just wondering...
RT : middle harbor expansion development will create 15k new
: awesome! Gonna get my tix this wk
hey ray who do I follow for good fantasy basketball advice?
Who am I fucking kidding. I'm dead outside too.
Before you go and criticize the younger generation, just remember who raised them.
Whenever I hear thunder and lightning, I can't stop myself from thinking about the Sound of Music.
#ImSingleBecauase I try to hard to get with a girl
Hubby has a roaring fire going and the Keurig is heating up so we can have hot apple ciders after we shovel! Inspiration to get it done.
thanks Brian. How is your family?
After while, crocodile!
All that money, The Money is The Motive.
You should follow me!
Pitching some new biz ourselves today. But totally agree on both show and Crew!
So the season begins driving around state to kids sports tournaments. Fun and hopefully they'll remember effort.
Tweet at us anything!! We want to hear our fans!! Now get typing! :)
Finally cured my month long sushi craving for sushi today at lunch. So good.
Like I said, all comedy is based on exaggeration, big or small, whatever you can get away with
That's game changing talk right there!
Tore into that blasted oxtail and rice. Love being Guyanese.
Playing the W Hotel tonight with Brenna Whitaker and the cats. 10pm.
TO THE DISABLED. LOOK AT ME I AM SMART AND COULD BARELY DO THE PAPER WORK. GETTING PATIENT ASSISTANCE WAS EXTREMELY COMPLICATED.
looking forward to luncheon today w/ Kathryn Dean &
Happy News Years from ATL
yeah I know haha
which recon service in particular are you adding? there might be silent errors
. celebrates the whole Luna Bar catalog. Except Lemon Zest, that was a weird period for them.
do you have a social media course non portfolio students could take?
#NYResolution: Give up #coffee..... HA that's funny.
Alright alright i like the bengals latest pick in Dan Herron. I completely forgot about him! Great pick
full tilt poker.. and a blunt.. with all the vegas strip to admire from my doorway .. i love this city best move ever
Well, we really wanted you to visit us sometime, so we had to. : )
Hahaha my computer just froze and it stopped on a chris brown pic lol ikc anymore that it is frozen
So sorry to hear that :( I hope everyone is okay, and you all will be in my thoughts.
STDs made sex more fun for people that like taking risk.
Liss of La Jolla, the lawless lawyer, is at it again. renting apartment to young couple, problem--not his place. arrest the bum
Last minute order for 12 dozen truffles?? Sure, I got this.
thanks for the #FF and spreading the word about
You should stop watching now then if you want that to be true.
no kidding.
Goodmornoon! Drinking my coffee and trying to have a productive day! Happy Thursday everyone! :)
Im proud of my City, got pride bout my city.
We aren't gone :-). Just pivoting. Congrats on your android app!
Westside folks- there is a rally at Constellation & Ave of the Stars in support of the subway. Today at noon.
it would also be interesting to see how many have multiple active mobile subscriptions
My mom the only person that says "alright you gonna need me for somethin" when you don't do what she want
oh shoot. Well, I can sign an adhesive bookplate that you can stick it your book.
Thanks for a great event #YPWeek … and awesome food
Oh yeah !! Happy Mothers Day ^.^
I'm not doing my homework and all that other stuff because i'm watching all the keek video's of and
Next thing you know, you'll probably ditch me at prom to talk & dance with her. t(-_-)
“: In one month we lost Etta James, Don Cornelius, and Whitney Houston. All in black history month, unbelievable.”
Thank you for sharing! Amazing lightning pics! :)
all about the love Bre-Bre.
People be tripping
What a very crappy valentines day.
Had a great time today! Hope to see you guys soon. Back to reality now. :(
wonderful! Congrats!!
Megan goes on to be in "Valley of the Dolls"...
being evil with
hi marvel heaven - your friend STIX the CAT here - thanks for the follow - meow!!
Dang, me and Morgan took my cousins clothes to plato's closet and she made $145!
Strange how calm it is around the Capitol, a very pleasant surprise
Sounds like a great gig, but I got kidnapped by some friends who took me out for my graduation. Next time for sure!!
usually means some problem will arise that consumes my day. I'm fearful.
so the car wreck was $1600 in damages... my brakes, rotars and tires all need replaced AND theres $7000 in hail damage. W.T.F!
shOuLd bE sLEePiNg, gotta w0rk @ 5, but up with my daughter watching CaiLLoU aGaiN lol
grrrrr ima see wat I can do. Cause I'm dyin for entertainment
pups dropped with mom at the farm...now ready for a week of R&R and fun on vacation!
you're welcome, Freddie! <U+E328>
My body hates me for consuming massive amounts of alcohol from 8am-2am..how does that even happen.
LOL we a hot mess, too early in the morning!!
Nail time!! Much needed :-) pic to come!
Also - #FF for - because anyone who tweets about "helicopters with frickin' laser beams" is a friend in my book.
when my daughter realized it happens every month, I heard her yell "are you kidding me?!" while reading the About Me book.
Hey Have A Good Day Tomorrow!!!<U+2665> DrugsAreForThugs<U+2665> G R U N T<U+2665>
see you tonight!
haha me too!
Black in Latin America! Excellent documentary! I lived in Brazil and racism exists!
Nokia Is Planning Wacky Stunts To Push Its New Windows Phones (NOK, MSFT) via
Just found a Laser Gaga show. Well, this is happening.
For even more spicey recipes, join Outward Bound tomorrow night while Savory Spice show's us how to spice it up...
Why are men like paper cups? They're disposable
#hplus "chronologically older"
Are you feleing (spelling) that yourself is the question?
Exactly! :P
we where meant for eachothee !
Such a beautiful day. What shall I do?
Man!! today was a long day!!!!
Watching 30 for 30 without Bias.
wait, you analyze sleep data? That's really interesting to an insomniac such as myself.
Well boohoo someone's using Twitter to stalk you from across country that ISN'T me! XD
Have you been tuned in on this lovely day in the #GLEEfulweek in May? Today we featured the Pitt Women's Chorus and Upper St. Clair.
Little rooftop hot tub action tonight here in Chinatown...ah, Calgon take me away!!
lol , she real pretty & all but annoying , asked caleb he even said it . lol
Obama wrong that US has only 2% world oil. Truth: He counts only oil pumped, not what's accessible in ground.True #: 20-30% of world supply.
Pretty much my car windows fucked for good now. Terrific
Nothing better then excitement towards a new project!
Mattingly's reporting was more disgusting! Tapes have NOTHING TO DO w/ "Stand Your Ground"! MARTIN WAS OBVIOUSLY STANDING HIS
Reading my email from the with the subject "NBA Postpones Training Camps". #smh... Hoping will resolve this asap
I LOVE LOVE LOVE this Twitter page! >>>> I'm a Sagittarius and everything they're saying is SO TRUE. I love it!
Hi Beautiful! Sorry, but we don't ship worldwide:( I'd recommend pastel colors for summer:)
This 5k is gonna come up quick in the morning
I fall asleep wondering if u think about me the same way I think about you:)
i fell in love with Ben at the signing yesterday </3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wanna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
The best thing about Austin is the food.truck situation
that is so cool.i have been a fan of since season 1.
I love your new name!
Our friends from , & are voting YES!!
Bill O'Reilly kind of scares me, honestly. He's kind of like Glenn Beck where you can tell he genuinely thinks he's right.
I really need to eat some food. And chill with a beautiful woman. Eat some pie. Watch some comedy. Naked.
RT I'm such a procrastinator.
All done with court today.
i know you cooked, right? :)))
"If the people remain right, your public men can never betray you .. your ambitious leaders will be reduced to the position of servants."
Let's get this weekend started of right!
M Carey slams Irish patriots in letter Christopher Carey in Lea & Feb 227B.1 May 23, 1789 Enjoy!
#Franchise Dealers you don't have to turn another prospective client away. Protect your assets with GoldStar GPS.
I like the words "Free" and "Food" together :)
Final Panelist - Ian Ross, Hardware's Argument - essayistic in hardware modding
i wish my stomach felt better
Dont make me make you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me like me...
wait wait wait. what if ed and taylor become a couple?! i have no idea if i'd be happy or not for them. omg.
Watching #GardenState. is truly an amazing writer/actor.
I'm the one talking shit. Ha alright izzy the shits dropped. Check your crew. And maybe this wouldn't happen. Oh and another
Love this quote. RT To travel is to take a journey into yourself. ~ Danny Kaye
Softened my look with subtly dyed eyebrows bcuz said to! & I love it!!
#Roswells42BdayFavorites continues this week: & Vaccaro's I've got my eye on all of you.
That's wassup live on the air: talking Trayvon Martin, GOP Primaries, Health Care, and Game of Thrones. Call in at (424) 675-6844
Great way to end the season. Look forward to 2012-13.
Thanks, we like this pic, too. Stay tuned for more as we celebrate #harleywomen and Women Riders Month!
How are you listening???(:
my Rookie of the Year!!
I seem to always be running into it.
half way thru the day already. Furniture shopping later. Do I chocolate or taupe?
Guys on 1070 The Fan just talking about UK agreeing to play IU 2X at LOS as concession to IU. That's not concession.
Creating a lifestyle that suits you and having the free time to enjoy the money you make doing something you love is where it's at
Hey, don't diss a man's dog. That's not right.
Alden, we have several collections in stock by Vince Guaraldi, way to many to list on twitter...please call us 1-800-42-MUSIC
My life story .
It is very high in hidden salt.
Sprint is good.
Watching Airplane from Netflix. Classic.
You should start using #opridetips for all the good tips you've been sharing lately.
Our own Gary Cottrell demos how Xactly Incent and work together in
The most precious commodity is something you cannot buy - sense of humor.
hope you had a good time at the aquarium! Did you have a favorite animal or exhibit? Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
hello twitter and tweetdeck..... i missed you!
Detroit Metro Airport just hit 98 degrees.......breaking old record of 97 set in 1926!
When I was born in 1987, Brad Jacobs had just celebrated 31 years working
Just do what they ask and leave.
LOOK AT THE TRENDS #AskJakeThrupp is trending! Congrats Jake!
Who made the decision to drop the letter V from everybody?
Parents should not be the night teacher says Madeline Levine
Nerve is something you think you have until it comes time to use it
Its been one of those days..
I shall go study the theory of Evolution. Bye.
Lmfao Obama gives u people the green light and yall don't know how to act.
LOl Well I Hope You Enjoy The Rest Of Your Night :-)
now the real world :)
Unbelievable. RT : OH MAN! (City)
Please note our holiday closings: Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, New Years Eve, New Years Day
Hey everyone! We're playing around 830ish at the pit off beach blvd tonight, come watch us and !
what type of coffe are you going to have
Everyone loves a happy ending
As my sister would say "I'm doing the single digit dance"! 9 days until my wedding!
“: I want that late night movie, long walks in the park, cuddle up on the couch, kind of relationship.” <U+2764>
Thanks! Following all you fellow #ResidentEvil #RaccoonCity VO peeps!
Thanks Treefort Music Fest - Boise will never be the same again!
agreed, could not hold back the tears
Glad the Flyers won cause if I was a bruins fan I wouldnt be able to sit still. Haha
So who is ready for our show at The Smiling Moose on the 25th? KIDS TICKETS ARE STILL 8 BUCKS!
congrats man! Make sure to plan on going early for the GDG Manager pre-events! See you there!
Happy National Happy Hour Day! Treat yourself to a Happy Hour: www.gotime.com and www.gotime.com/mobile
Jim you burned your dead elf? I just stuck mine in a shoe box and will give him out as a christmas gnome next year!
we do one auto feeding in the evening and in the morning manually administer grain free wet per dr's orders.
maybe i should google it?
I'm ohdee hype for the summer but I needa still focus on my grades .
true! Unless the person you are addressing is an asshole!
Morning everyone! <3
Pretty sure I did very well in the twitter smack fantasy draft.
semi tonight. dancing @ my church's festival tomorrow. vaftisi sunday.
Nothing screams "good time" like uploading flex claim receipts to your provider's website...
Windows open....lovin the fresh air....til it gets hot....
i was talking about games like Oakland City thats not an exibition game, or is it?
i told you I don't. and its not because of that theory. lmao
nothing. Sup with you?
this is the craziest most weirdest nights on twitter yet
More like Rack City
True love feels great <3
Going home.
Was that a pic of the sweet potato hash? I have been meaning to try it! Thx for coming in
OMG I WAS JUST GOING TO TELL YOU ABOUT THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol i can't remember if i posted it on your wall or on here last week or if it was someone else. BUT HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
You're trending, TEXT EHHT!!11!!
Thanks Tony! You too :) RT : Happy Saturday to you!
The #Heat are self-destructing! RT : 13-0 Bucks run sparked by Jennings shooting has Lebron
I have that one, but events show value as "event1". All the other variables show the actual value. I need event="event name".
Will do!
Please be careful out there.
New Start, Everything new, Name, Picture, Bio.
oh Damn me either girl lol
Can Life BE any better than NOW!
that kind of night
Just got my annual doctor checkup thanks to I'm healthy as can be!
RT : It Might Be A lot Of #singleladies when this show ends in reality lmao------ I believe u r so rite brah lol
yes... its sad. I'm hobbles.
IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU! Don't look for the good in "Life's Downs" MAKE THEM INTO SOMETHING!
And Megan is awake. 's doppelganger.
what time does tourney start 2morrow?
not sure if i like twitter yet.
Congrats to #ARathlete Antonio Leak from ! Antonio went to the Tampa Bay Buc's rookie mini-camp & made them take notice...
All packed up and ready for Design Resource Day at the San Francisco Design Center, Wed, June 8th, 11am—5:30pm...FREE to all!
“: So I get back into Ohio and the weather is pretty nice surprisingly.”soak it up cause its not lasting long!!
The House of Reps!
I wonder what to do today?
for the follow1
Guessing that's a dog reference. :)
oh. smh. me n my sis got into it at MD bc she screamed at trav n i flipped. but besides tht pretty good. how bout urs?
Emailed projected and possible grade reports to students. Feels a little meh--remember: the most important thing is always Turning Stuff In.
Excellent! See being smart AND able to read out loud does pay!
Just got home from MAC. Spent $85 and only got three things. u.u
A Law & Order marathon...
ain't you suppose to be in school? Omg, not Mama Entin. Is it serious?
Watching a movie in science!
African-Amer women hve highr death rates fro breast cancer thn any othr racial r ethnic grp, though whites experince higher incidence rates.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 14
Whoever attempted the strong armed robbery at IUPUI's IT Building is stupid!! We got no cash!!!!
l'm celebrating it by smoking a cigarette in a chair while writing a paper about trumpets and gremlins!!
I'd keep them. Will be really great to read when you're old. :)
Why am I not shocked? ;) #shark RT I play the role of the guy who tells everyone their ideas can't work. Play it well.
hi, you're cute
Happy New Year to you also Jade!!
Grateful for great wine on Friday, lovely way to end the week. #grateful 2012
Thanks for the follow ;)
I am eating lunch with a couple of young people who have no clue who Donna Summer is
To green beer. RT : It's already Monday. Where did this weekend go?”
can drop some gospel!
Each fairy breath of summer, as it blows with loveliness, inspires the blushing rose
"Computational science is not just modeling and simulation anymore." -Dr. Jay Boisseau,
What's up!
this guy Mike W. Is unreal...returns email @ midnight & finds time to post wise words from the ole Jedi @ 6am...TIGERS!
love both of you!!!
Great to see you too!
whats going on man
Meandering thru the misty marine layer.
Go get it!
The damning testimony before the Congr- Exec Comm on China concerning WH blundering would be headlines 4 weeks 4a GOP pres. :
I can't move from my lawn chair.
Got our goal to get ICONic Boyz to Chicago <3 !!!!
I was your cure, you were my disease, I was saving you, you were killing me.
Bergy hits crossbar on a redirect
The ladies like to call me Ron Jeremy. Because I have a bitching gut and a sick mustache.....
Oh, door wide open the when I get home from work? #NBD it's just philly.
Happy Easter! May I enjoy McDonald's cokes again and may enjoy some parmesan cheese.
yeah I closed tonight ):
according to its raining in the entire untied states
Me'Shell NdegéOcello - Bitter
Ed Harrington discusses operating in the New Normal -- finding capital for your business after the banking crisis, RealPRMedia on Facebook.
That's what you want? You got it
Morning! Start your day with a smile & joy in your heart. Believe God that everything will be alright no matter what comes your way today.
lol oh wow
#ThatDepressingMoment when they can't take card, and she ends up paying the bill..
i'm in wisconsin and the weather isn't half as good. right now we have a temp of 30 degrees! wish i was in
so much homework to do -.-'
If he loves me, if he loves me If he loves me, if he loves me not Oh, how will i know
love u
You know.. Matt, I think you do a great job on your blog, think about it often when I'm trying to write- touches me!
Lol foods looking good!!! ~from a distance from a distance~ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> lmfao
U ever have that life changing phone call?? Yup I just did...
Thanks to everyone who stopped by for the Meet the Newsroom event. Hope you enjoyed our new space!
“Isn’t it ironic? We ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones who hurt us, and hurt the ones that love us
The burden of knowledge is action.
I'm strong because I been weak. I'm fearless because I been afraid. I'm wise, because I been foolish.
Congrats to Shakira for being this years Latin GRAMMYs person of the year!
Oh SHIT evidently Michael Jackson died
its a soccer game they are playing for the golden cup.:) does that answer your ques..lol
you're lame dummy head
And in cheese! RT “: your saying my wife and I coulda been dippin' stuff in chocolate? Dangit!”
Avi lets U know She Knows u "worship" her!
what if i told you i wouldnt KISS AND TELL??? lol just kidding only in my dreams :)
Looking forward to a #mnaeug meeting tonight!
Leadership is about helping others identify and push past their own roadblocks.
i #trust #God . #He knows what's best for me. His #love never fails!
it's been getting on mine lately too. :/
This time of year I always hear sportscasters talk of IU as last undefeated team in 1976.
i wonder how many people were practicing the hand sign... i was :)
Thanks GOP for solving that "how do we engage young women in women's issues" problem for us!
bhaha yes! “: You're right Julia, this isnt Celebrity Big Brother. That show was axd yrs ago b/c it was bullshit. Hang on a minute”
My band omg I hate them so much
where you been man?!?
It's off to a fun start, debaters already taking jabs at each other.
No the water is not for your lungs.
workin at a club..an seein these grown ass women dancing how we did wen we went to Autrey Middle
I would need one too!! ": First day of filming had me getting yelled at by 3 women...one of which had a penis AND a vagina...
thank you!!!
when do you want it to be? I'm still waiting for to write her one hit wonder too. Lol. Let's get you in!
pickin up my tonight- Tday prep has begun!
Let's go hoosiers!
Not how its supposed to be ..... but how it Must be
Thanks Mary. Invite just went out! Hope to see you there.
Want to send out a special thanks to my inlaws for coming over this afternoon and letting their dog pee all over my house. GRRRRRRR!
Justin how do you do all of this touring isn;t it crazy whens the last time you've been to Atlanta?
Home alone again! I want some company
I was talking to multiple people wearing Nike Fuel bands. Dystopian fiction ain't got nuthin' on the present.
MT : Next Grey Market in DC is May 20.Address:733 Euclid St NW,15 min walk 2 Howard metro.The event is 12-4pm. $2 entry fee.
girl who walked out this week was horrible. All she did was insult me and tell everyone I was clueless. It was so mean.
Great night with <U+E328><U+E328>
Play a$$hole and gets a a$$ whooping
Those "occupying" today need to get a job, a shave, and a shower. They might add getting a life too.
The beauty of virtual tasting...do it when you can and post when you want ;)
What's your favorite way to make pork chops? I bought some at , and I'm not quite sure how to prepare them.
#liber1ll One to Matt Kibble, Proquest, on their excellent Early European Books product.
only. To find the keys had fell off the ring into his pocket men smh
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 29
Little Ms. L off 2 school & I am going to the new house. Moving day is Sunday. And I have a conference to be at right after.
Uninspired... what to have for lunch today?
My mom loves me .
like a gangster!
I believe the eminem line is fight music not everyday RT I don't do black music. I don't do white music. I do everyday life music.
Sorry Meloneee I was soo passed out. I got your voice mail though.
"That's just morbidly obese"- Peter Griffin
I'm surprised people actually care what you have to say... ha
Ha, sorry!
Jared sullinger just got boomed on!!!!!
I hate summer weather
It's only you It's only you that I need that I need It's only you that I want to see.
don't have sex, because you will get pregnant and die.
My life has no purpose, no direction, no aim, no meaning, and yet I'm happy
Thanks for following Bring Hollywood Home. Check out The Rich and the Reckless my daughter's improv theater hit skylight
Our famous Steaks & Chops selection are true crowd pleasers. Choose from Filet Mignon, NY Strip, Veal Chop, Herb Crusted Lamb & more.
I will just only head to any fiesta requesta that had offered me coffee. haha
LET'S GO RANGERS! you got this boys<3
He's my favorite. Period. Also, bonus, cute dimples.
The president doesn't want college kids to start off their lives in debt, but has no qualms about the debt he's leaving for my 8 wk old baby
Lately I never feel like I have a wknd, I stay on the #grind. Luckily I like what I do :-)
If you need more walking dead before the fall, come hang out on my blok sometime. Lots of zombies in my neighborhood.
'Gas planet' lol
She should be an inspiration to everybody. She is just an amazing adult - Linda Krohn
Ah I know! And I read tyler/klaus kissed Caroline?! <33 why didn't he tell her she met him first? -.- wth
Why does twitter think I would want to follow Skrillex...?
Woo hoo #WFX 2012 - can't wait RT globalrelations I'm already registered for 2012. Now for the months of waiting...
Pacers up 48-42 HALF TIME!!!!
fine and u and yes he does follows me
that's the spirit jake. Go big or go home.
-I gotta work tomorrow nshit... Some days work be fun bt others it be tragic... Like tomorrow , I can feel the weakness awready.. Lol.
I hope the giants win it all.
#HugALibrarian --- AWESOME!!! Made me wish Gladys was my grandmother.
Next week at #Educare of Chicago - Wednesday: #Parent Support Meeting; Thursday: Parent Committee Meeting; Friday: Yoga!
"support" means i get human intervention to personally assist me in solving my problem.
Probably true but a missed opportunity! MT Conversations make me think e-books of large art books are not coming. Instead, apps.
Looking forward to the New Year, can't wait to release my new CD be on the lookout for me. Peace
If there's one thing I've learned, it's never make a deal with Rumpelstiltskin! ...
Proud to be from Lexington today, and every day.
So nice out. I might just go lay naked on my lawn..
Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
GET THOSE PICTURES READY BENJAMIN!!!!
Last two weeks of June I'll be in San Antonio. Now, who can hang out with me then?
STUFF store will be open on Friday from noon to 9pm. It's all "decked out" for Spring so stop by! 20% OFF!
Bouta go have breakfast at Denny's with Corina!!
We need another alternative for karge scale power. What about wind??
Dear North Carolina, you suck. Bye.
I want something/someone to entertain me :)
We have a dog that enjoyed the taste of Rebel Pilot feet. Good thing we mostly See Wedge from the waist up.
it didn't fit in the first one! You heathen! Ugh!
much props to u for holdin TEXAS down@ Tha #nokia lounge Tha otha day
cool friend
I'm ready for the week to begin..
Looking forward to Sunday's #MCM10K. Anyone wearing a costume? I'm hoping to see at least one running hot dog.
Its a beautiful day for a cold Lone Star at your favorite icehouse. Leave work early and head down to W Alabama or Jimmies Place.
Then my master plan has come to fruition. Expect some stubble in the morning, #heweb11 minions!
Happy feet two!!!
Some new followers i'm proud to share
I was a hot lunch kid.
Aw, that's so cute c:
Finally ordered a new laptop. Amazed once I saw in person how important NOT having a large screen was to me. I can always connect externally
i figured. My phone was stuck in restore mode but im getting the upgraded version.
Don't Do It!!! RT : i dont care about school at all anymore . im ready to leave .
May have to go nuclear on this drain clog.
Great show tonight! Who's here?
Life is bitch, but I still love her...
Then head out and grab some glowsticks and meet her there!
haha that's wassup. We gotta get started on this dope mixtape bruuuuh
Wish me luck!
You are my love, you are my HEART :) - #Believe he WILL follow me :)
For last yr's words belong to last yr's language. & next yr's words await another voice. & to make an end is to make a beginning. T.S. Eliot
Creepin on creeps
Maybe we could just call a task force meeting. That will suck the life out of anything, even the undead.
Well deserved standing ovation. Great game.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways r-e-s-p-e-c-t.
People that order the whole menu
Hike planning + Guinness = Perfect
up 9, into half.
ugh--glee covering the B-52s is a hundred kinds of wrong...
nicee! VIPs were all sold out too :(
Looking forward 2 Gold Rush Days in Old Sacramento Labor Day Weekend. Follow 4 info plus its free. Don't forget the Ice Cream.
NYC multi-families will continue to be popular as bonds and cd's are no longer an option for investors. CAP rates will stay below 5.5%
CALL ME
watchin family guy and this is my favorite cartoon ever
should be, but only two of those guys are playing well.
The only reason not to stay at the Ritz is if you can't afford it. -E Hemingway #SEMI-MONDE Benefit Feb 6 for an affordable $65 or $100!
On Charlie Rose at World Econmic Forum, Geithner complains about Congress being a barrier. Prob because he has to extort Congress to get $$
on my way!
Have a great weekend everyone!
Brilliant! RT : "I'm out. This liver is not going to destroy itself."
hm...I got a target gift card with like 4 dollars left on it
I guess I found you...
“: Geesh my timeline dead on twitter ..... Oh well back to Instagram i go .."benzvealworld "” mine too lol
love you!
oh... That must have cured you didn't it
Do hot fireman wear suspenders ? Like, just their pants and no shirt, just suspenders??
still on light duty
Any info on Pgh beer history that I have, you can assume and/or either provided it or have seen it haha.
Its not gone suck its self...
#UKnowTheSexIsGoodWhen she says "stop I need my inhaler"
certain ppl's tweets pop out at me and i go (0.o)
Just swallowed my m&ms without chewing....
Is an awesome flame artist & great friend. You should follow her because if you are lucky she will teach you VFX stuff.
Bring home some net! Go Aztecs!
that's embarassing! I looked like death! hahahaha. I haven't seen you in forever!
Doing well in practice today at the Goodland Grand Prix. Starting second in the heat race!
FOLLOW ME KIAN???(:
yessir, my bad it took so long to respond. I aint been online since i been here. U an uncle now
Excellence is attained by those who care more than others think is wise, who risk more than others think is safe, ...
what's it called? food? Lmao ;)
come back to Mt. P?
Has anyone seen Dark Shadows yet? I'm watching the old series on Netflix!
What the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Green Grass
Please follow me(: 15
that wasn't the NFL calling, it was the collective voice of Pack fans everywhere. We need you back in the green and gold!
Dimes with bedhead>>>
more on top of that than you know my friend
That feeling you get when you know it's not the same anymore...
ok.. and i didn't know krislyn told me.
Mikael Nilsson: differences between metadata interoperability and harmonization. Second is more complex, uses different syntaxes ...
well if you want to practice for that profession....
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost.Flaubert,G.
off to bed :)
Love movies make me want a better realtionship like theirs.
I'll just leave you hurt
Per : 17-year old girl from Therrell High in SW ATL, reported missing since Monday, has been located and is safe.
I'll be there for you through it all. Even If saving you send me to heaven.
Bored someone call me or text me:)
can u follow me so I can bring I tea
Cereal Time
Rick Ross European Adventures Pt. 2 via
If it ain’t broke, break it (or someone else will break it for you).
you want it / you got it / / here's your culture war
ima need sum1 to stay the night with me tomorrow
cool beans yo
Knock KnockWho's there !Buffer !Buffer who ?Buffer you can say Jack Robinson !
YAYAYAY!!! Can you email me a pic?
Hey! have a good day
... #Datswhatsup .. Do you dress like an indian? or just dress normal? lol, kind of a wierd question.
one day you will be old, if you live that long and you will be drooling on someone in love too. Elderhood is a blessing! LOL
This is the second to last Friday!!
must suck to get burned
i miss you girl! how much longer till you get your hair license or do you have it already now?
One Act Auditions Reminder! Today until 3pm, tomorrow 11-1pm at the Off-Broadway Theatre 342 N. Water St. 2nd floor! See you there!
Where's everyone at today?
Men should really wear shirts. Bears.
I lose 30% of the movement in my hand for love that just left
That guy's mustache looks like a bodybuilder flexing his arms. Bet he could bench press 500 lbs with that thing.
Okay you love that place haha
nice! perhaps flip it: #CAKEmeet. We're also playing around with #CAKE4biz and #CAKEpdx in our facebook discussion.
Who takes the last shot? Chalmers. That's who.
raw sockets in the browser would certainly represent a new set of responsibilities for developers.
It's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice. But once you make one mistake it's never forgotten.
:o yes. That's good xD I hope lol. I'm fine. (:
Des Video's Ih Record'd Today Lols !
give our good friend a follow..will ya?!
then use rice flour you crybaby
they like write music? xD
you should start using twitter more often.
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else
Absolutely! RE: Buzz!
Catch on the show today at 11AM CST on
Gerald #Ford: "I would like 2 deny all allegations by Bob Hope that during my last game of #Golf... Read punch line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
Indians R#1 I do belive folks.
When I get famous there will be NO handouts
RT : RT : these new pics u sent me goin START A RIOT
Very interested in what you learn / discover - how can I make sure I don't miss a follow up tweet?
Gym in a little <U+2665>
its a small venue, grungy and I dig it
Bat your eyes girl, be otherworldly, count your blessings seduce a stranger. What's so wrong with being happy...
Because it warms your lap! My dog does the same thing.
cool ;) glad I could help
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
Nice Beast panel...one of the best characters around.
. iiTs So Late
You BAd Babe !
they get no bling until they get and stay above .500
haha, well damn!
i wish my first name was abowla and my last name was hummus abowla hummus
didn't I tell you to leave me alone?
another year of school then I can dedicate my life to the sport which has changed it so much. BJJ
2 for 2 with two doubles.. Not too shabby.
we need to trend something
Downtown Abbey! A million thanks to for getting me started.
#Nuggets are the worst pro basketball team at boxingout
I'm about that #GoodMusic about havin a #GoodTime and of course that
Never heard much about Sambuca and I was reminded only of it when I drove by.
lol naw cus then the police gone racial profile you & believe them
I wish i could i could spend the rest of my life helping the homeless and the poor
Camp is great man. The chops are starting to revolt, but today's the last day. How's the EP comin along? How soon can I buy it?
I do. :) And a great job and good friends.
ps. Going to RC game on Monday night.
Disney audition? Too cool! :)
Yeah it was!
need to find a new hobby asap
"Wait... he rapped to you?! OMG marry him!!!!" #ShitMyBestfriendSays :p
OMG RON AND SAM BACK 2 TOGETHER FINALLY LIFE IS GOOD AGAIN UR COMING TO CHICAGO THIS WEEKEND WHERE I LIVE BUT I CNT GO 2 THE CLUB
you always have something going on :P no time for relaxtion lol
huge fan glad you're back on radio. Bring the pitching machine into the loft
Well this is just obscene
Is Robert Morgan going to grad bash today?
Perfect.fall.weather!
Congratulations to all the grads today! Your moms will be proud.
#ff A Midsummer Night’s Dream opens tomorrow night at Break a leg!
We may have a show on the 21st in celebration for earth day, that would be pretty fun!
Who at Crescendo? On my way!!
we hope you like it. Should really help spark some creativity for days after your float. :-)
Didn't really find anything offensively dumb besides the condescending hip hop blogs comment.
Shout out to all of the volunteers/interns working hard through school finals. You are amazing! Dove, ST Exec Dir
Property manager firms are equipped to deal with tenant problems swiftly and in accordance with the law saving you time, trouble.
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. -Pablo Picasso
no. Almost did but just ended up buying tix to random games again. Next one for us is vs NY.
will you pretty please make me a birthday cake???
oh lord
I got a "no longer available" error.
FB Fans and Twitter followers this coming weeks promotion is a free "ICED COFFEE." Stay tuned for the code.
Did Romney say "Borrow money from your parents and start a business?" to the 3/4 of students who are on financial aid? WTH?!?!
Glad to make u LOL & thanks for the RT :)
teach them to build upon their resources. They must learn to right the wrongs that threaten the grandparent-grandchild relationship.
I love the show but u gotta step ur Twitter game up Mrs. Lucas:)
the hardest battles we fight our inside of us :) Break the cycle
So last night I went to bed at 3am totally forgetting I had to wake up at 8. Ugh :/
Its a small step but its a step nevertheless
gonna go laugh my ass off so happy
Okay. Cool. My best friend and my crush telling each other how cool they are on Facebook. Woho.
Who's look is more convincing; Strippers or The Homeless?
#HighSchoolMemories That year when it had all those big brawl going from in the gate all down deh street even over wendys and footlocker.
Reminder- Set your #fantasybaseball lineups if you have #mariners or #Athletics players on your roster! #MLB McCarthy vs Felix are the SP
thats the only win Philly gon get bet that
That would be awesome! #BarterTown!
thx! Glad you like it.
My dad loves swatting flies with his electric fly swatter! Lol
congrats on the new gig!
It seems like there's a lot more energy invested in being part of a start-up scene than there is starting an actual business.
That chiken will save your butt! DMs are hacked again! tweet me please my dear!
Why do mother kangaroos hate rainy days?Because then the children have to play inside.
#20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 1. She's beautiful 2.shes funny 3. Her laugh 4. She's strong 5.she cares about her fans 6. Her smile
Love your enemies! It'll make em crazy ;)
Woohoo! Thanks for being my 100th follower!
What did Ersan get for being the Bucks' best player? He solely led the anti-tank movement between Bogut's injury and Ellis
Music had so much more of a message...4 every song venting on societies negatives, their was a positive song to counter
Final Four: Kentucky, Missouri, Ohio State & UNC. Missouri over UNC in title game.
Wonderful evening of belly dance at Golden First Friday! We had great crowds - lots of good energy!
A lil late, but showed great previews of Scalar projects from and Deb Levine
I had no idea the baby yoga video would cause so much drama on twitter....goodness gracious! Sorry if it made you cry!
With Instagram selling for $1B, I am once again confronted with the deflating reality that the economy values almost everything I don't.
Playing sunset towers, duo, 7-11.
yo homie me u julia and marisa best be chilling or imma fuck u up
Happy Valentine's Day, Clairemont!
girl I just saw this tweet! I loved seeing you and I love your family!!
i have failed!!!! will get better
thank you! and sorry for my delay in seeing this tweet!
what's up
I'd love just a little more sassy girl attitude. That would be super.
So, I was Gonna Buy My Blue Puffy Skirt, Nerd Glasses, Stockings, and Leather Jacket N' My Mom now Says "Ehhh Nvm " -__- what the duck
Well hello there, New York! Did you miss me?
look at his numbers and tell me he deserves it
What's up?
i still think a project demo chat could get people to start talking about what they are doing. takes an organizer though.
he's just a typical sleeze bucket coach without hiring her and 20K. Also calling a presser for a huge lie is above and beyond.
Shout out' to ALL my Ex's . . . FUCK YOU!!! Lmfaoo
People tweet the most irrelevant crap sometimes.
I want to help people start their week laughing! I'm going to post some of my fav/funny vids throughout today. Enjoy!
Can anybody in 757 drive in the rain
The Islanders sure know how to waste money on Goalies!
Damn last night was fun. I think every bar in southside got a taste of my sweet dance moves.
I'm stoked - I'm about to open the largest personal training facility in the northwest in about a months - so it'd be great
I still havent seen Lucky One...
lol check ur mentions my guy
good night world
looks like c-span ;)
Yo Cotto got this in the bag it look like.
the time went by so fast today.
This bitch just pissed me off
tell me that the colors i've been needing are not the one's you're keeping away :)
Who with authority can I contact? Or have them contact me? I'm an extremely unhappy customer.
Met the newest teaching pastor at today; I was giddy when I heard that he assisted & wrote w/ Henri Nouwen.
Why live my personal values at work? This is an excellent question to ask. If your attorneys are planning an insanity defense.
CP3...no control in 4th, worse shot selection & running of offense than Fabian's performance in tomorrow's Hackoff
teehee, you should buy those portable fans that you can spray water on your face x)!
"Respect the game. That should be it. What you eat don't make me shit."
At #Ford dealer for oil change. Usually like wandering #Mustang row, dream a little while waiting, but not good #ROC day for it.
": #OneThingILove Music and Boys." That's two things not one....
Niall was at/is at the jay z concert! They aren't all together. So how could she vc w/ them?
Long Wong's Tonight!, we go on at 9, hope to see you there!
no ordinary family marathon today(:
yes you did,,now,,GO TRAIN,,[I was gonna say STFU, but not ona Sunday] U 2 ROCK!!
Your so vain... You probably think this tweet is about you
The position will be at the headquarters office in DC. With a tiny staff, we work better as a team.
Life means that math homework won't get done on its own....
But I do believe in maturity.
Since creative financing seem some what of lost art form I suggest a weighed average cost 2 keep this Vax form afloat or HP DEC :)
We are ALWAYS up to a challenge!! Thanks for listening!!
We're going to have some fun with this promotion! RT : Great meeting you! Looking forward to things to come!
#followFriday Follow ...one of my favorite places in the Burgh!
West Allis Farmer's Market opens the first weekend in May---can't wait!
My 3rd day of Zija, feeling more energized and lighter
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I hope everyone is having a great day!!!
Welcome to twitter !
Answer our tweet now, to win a giftcard!
our editor in chief was a recent judge for the Misd India & had a lovely experience. congrats to Neetu Gupta!
my 500th tweet goes out to the classy grom he inspires me so much I work so hard on my website for him and he hasn't noticed it
Wishing everyone a safe & happy holiday!
tnx! Blushing over here. Hope to be able to return all the love.
Thanks for the suggestions! I love the Celtic idea; let's see what iTunes has!
Crossing fingers...
Just had an insanely great meetin wit Mark Teschner.whom I hadn't seen in a while.one of the best..truly open 2 an actors self expression.GH
Jammin out to tlc wit my sister >>>>>>>
» Took the little guy to Joe's Real BBQ for lunch. Good stuff!
i don't know if you can hang with and i when it comes to playing tennis
On Monday we had a public meeting on extending bar hours and all but one member of the public was against the idea.
: For every situation... there's a song."
"It's 7am. Time for a highball, hahaha," says the man on the bus.
maybe i can work from home or something that week.... might be kinda perfect...
That just made my life way better.
I can't see those cause I don't have an iPhone!!!:
haha. You need to start from the beginning
I have 1 hour to get 38 followers.. please help me!!!! Thank u
Hey Conan, watched your interview with Mr. Chou last night and was cracking up the whole time!
Where is your location?
Everything before Wknd Update was good, Biden/Bush wasnt an exaggeration either. Wknd update & everything after was brutal
An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field. - Niels Bohr (1885-1962)
love your niece's outfit, adorable
That's it. Attack. Now get the ball to Marc.
SALSA Under the Stars with QUEMOZO! TONIGHT at the ABQ Museum, 2000 Mountain Road. BE THERE!!!
please wish me happy birthday it's going terriable please make it better?(:
sending some love to awesome followers
U da boss
I just want to tell you both good luck. We're all counting on you.
Thanks Love the wedding site! Stay in touch, Mitta
Good Luck on your game today!! Much luv and see you soon!!
mornings are my enemy .
has just started a new project, midcareer, that she realizes ought to be digital. I'd like to see DH encouraging those folks.
RT : Today we wish a very happy 50th birthday to the one and only Garth Brooks!
Cable cancelled. Now I am just using Hulu+ and Netflix instant. I am just as happy for a lot less money. Anyone ditching their cable?
just heard next weeks funday monday topic and I slammed my fist on my desk in a fit of joy and scared myself. Can't wait <:
you will love the PlayFull Dual!
Don't even bother saying anything to , she's just an attention whore.
ya I might go tonight for catch a matinee tomorrow.
That's wonderful! No I definitely feel like it's the middle of the week :) We are busy and it's a wonderful thing. Keep in touch!
Just grabbed a banana for my mid-day pick-me-up! RT : What's your family snacking on this afternoon?
That was a terrific event and the exhibit is fantastic! Love how it bridges the building itself
RIP whitney
“: #Gemini doesn't trust easily, so when they tell you that they trust you, please don't make them regret it!! #GeminiSignz”
Saw you on the list for #SSAC Let's figure out a time to meet up.
Oh na na! What's my name!?
Southwest promises me my flight isn't cancelled tomorrow. I have this terrible feeling that's a lie
Just saw a pic of the touch-screen display for Jezza--looks great!
thanks dude..p.s. im tracking today but im gonna make the changes to your mixes tomorrow
Another Reds win. It's almost boring watching all this WINNING!!!!!
Great screening of 's film 'Save the Date' at Screenland. See if you get a chance.
Thanks! Have a great weekend :-)
Congratulations, and yay!
Criminal Minds tonight.So far so great!!
strongly considering purchasing a bryce harper jersey
U go Bond girl RT : A guy just said I looked like Aishwariya Rai #MissWorld at Havana!!! :-) :-) :-)
She been in more Laps then the Indy 500
Mussels are best in the fall and PEI gives a really tasty consistent mussel
Take ur date to the dinner in fashion. Get a Stretch Limo for the price of a sedan Sun - Thur. Quote "Date" when booking. T&C apply
Back in Denver after attending the 2012 KICK OFF (Western Union's Annual Executive Leadership Meeting) in Orlando, Florida. Great event!
Same for "Obama" in Hillary's in '08. Until the cracks in the glass ceiling speech.
glad you did my friend...that means a lot...
your live tweeting is getting me through my day in Thompson lol.
Haha. Never thought I'd be considered a more experienced runner. :)
That means a lot, coming from the distinguished author of Anchora. Modern equivalent of not enough W's in the type drawer?
nope you're a queen
That's so great
#RainCamp at Gallaudet University in Washington, DC. It's a pretty sunny day for a "Rain" Camp.
So the home security system just went off, problem, it`s been disconnected for the past year, off the wall disconnected?? I`m up now : (
I'm leaving some Seattle Sorbets samples at the Westlake Mall Dilettante Mocha Cafe tell all the people at ur job and go get some. Just ask!
Today's Specials: Bacon stuffed shortstack of pancakes;; Turkey salad wrap w/ cup of soup;; Beef cabbage soup.
Courage The Cowardly Dog is trending. That was the scariest and the best kids show ever. Courage The Cowardly Dog still be my favorite.
Alright peeps!! What's your favorite place to eat/drink in Vegas??
burt myself at work and it hurts ugh
There's no battle scars, all you do is bruise pride. What I say to you is how I feel all the time.
And by Gary I mean
So sick... Ugh! Not in my break :(
lol probably same outcome queer bag
I did! I'm at now but still live in Hampden.
Ain't no way around it
have fun
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
Getting super pumped for the show on Friday guys! Be at the Marquis at 7! Hope to see you ALL there!
Off to check out Dummett's grave with Dot Moore in Volusia County.
lol yea I know, diapers lol. When I first came of my menstrual cycle, I used those. Lol I was scared af! Bloody massacre
; Dear whore, Having sex doesn't mean you're "in love".
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Too high praise! RT #FF to and whose sites are always interesting and never boring.
A #TallyCardz is something each resident at needs...
It's not Dallas. What city can I move to where people *won't* make it the butt of jokes?
Hey, look over there!
aye whats that old movie where homie had LOVE n HATE on his hands????
- yeah who cares shit happens .. no one really talks to me cuz im with Dom now.. christy dont to much cuz im not with goin...
We signed a lease for a house today! Go us!
who you tryn'a get crazy with ese? Don't you know I'm loco.
to the makers of equate dandruff shampoo. U must put acid in your shampoo cuz it burned the shit outta my eye.
Would like to add another coach to my #team by may 1 :) will work to help
RT: your welcome girl!(: i hope to see you soon! very soon lol i miss ya(:
sure, just mix it up a bit. Same components, different order, new luck!
please bring carryout - veal bratwurst please
It's a beautiful day to be born. Just ask
What is SHULT an acronym/abbreviation for? "Shut the Hell Up for the Last Time?"
The Colonial Athletic Association--the most overachieving non-BCS conference in major college hoops--is gravely wounded. Thanks, realignment
this is my last pack of cigarettes. lung cancer is just too slow for me.
Spaghetti fried chicken and garlic bread
I want to be one of those
": #Taurus #Leo #Scorpio and #Aquarius achieve more out of life than any of the other signs."
better now now im off to bed with my princess
Greetings from Los Angeles. I would like to speak to you regarding naming rights for a new NFL stadium in Los Angeles near F.Valley.
Good morning, Jake! Happy Easter, too! :-)
I guess Fox has given up on the #Daytona500 and gone full-on Infomercial.
I shouldd get some wate too! been drinkn quite a bit tonigt.
Are you gonna be in town for Red and Blue weekend? and I are playing!
It's always fun watching my kids share their gifts! : ) Hope to see you soon!
thank you guys so much for the autographed ball!!! Got it today!!!! It is so awesome!!!! Love it!!!!
Thank you so much to those who came out to see Marlene Brehm Unplugged this weekend! What a special kickoff night it was for me on the tour!
I would have to agree that people make money not plans, but you were saying million dollar business plan.
... WHAT?! Juniper died?!
I'll NEVER understand why ppl try to sabotage other ppl for any reason. I'm not a morally ambiguous person, I know EXACTLY where I stand.
Karaoke and $2 well drinks tonight !!
ok can't talk sorry
If you wouldn't say it to your own mother then it's probably not appropriate for a very pubkic forum like Twitter or Facebook either-j sayin
On the other hand, the element of chance can be artsitically interesting a la 's pipe smoker
I give him around 15 minutes ... remember he makes 101 on spelling tests where he has to memorize.. Who is not delivering?
Where you do think Watt and Carimi will end up?
math is ruining me.
I have the most embarrassing life.... Face planting up the stadium stairs at MUS with 50 people watching...my life....
okay so we gooled redbottoms in dallas tx nd racks and red bottoms bday bash is a result. U betta be gooled nigga lol
interesting concept. We love new startups especially in hockey. Let us know if we can help out!!
TY!!! RT Thanks for being a positive addition to my day. #friend to
need an inspirational movie to watch? Just watched SoulSurfer on our flight home from Hawaii. What an amazing girl!
Re: Pooh's birthday - please make a pun involving the phrases "pooh sticks" and "glue sticks". From, a huge fan of libraries & Pooh!
Just registered for half marathon #2! Cherry Tree Running Festival 5/20/12 Excited to train again (after ski season...)
Thx all for lifting my spirits. Special thx to my #educoach comoderators &
Oh the irony. I was just in Raleigh last week, but didn't know about you then. Would love to meet someday!
yes! :D thanks so much!
Why won't twitter & facebook sync? It was all gravy 2 weeks ago now it's acting like a cunt.
Survivorman is eating rattlesnake. Cooking it over a fire on a stick. I like it fried. The meat is so white and somewhat shrimplike.
Dont Give up Do Everything In Your Power To Master Your ART!!!!!
I'm mad at how fake these girls is at Nicolet!!! One minute they all n ya face the next they talking plenty shit about u
lmao i know i just noticed
Iight baby cakes
Parks and Rec is so much better than The Office now it isn't even funny. Well, it is, but you know what I mean.
What performers are you excited to see at ?
just watched the movie saint ralph. it is really cute! now i feel inspired to run too!
But you say he sucks but he has won 3 of the last 4 mvps?
RT : Jessica Perez recounts the night her boyfriend, UCO student Anthony Parks, was shot. Perez testifies in murder trial's -OKC.
i will try but idk how to uploaded haha
Babies gotta have swag too...?
On the way to vote in the DC primary today. Voter apathy is not an option for me.
Good point. I definitely drop into that: "Let me just model this for you..."
thanx so proud of it! :D
why even say it: manic episodes in 80's jazz bar electronic kazoos
That #awkwardmoment when you say "Thanks Bro" to the taxi dispatcher over the phone and they reply "I'm a female, but you're welcome."...
where r u guys tonite?
When my kids were small, absolutely. I'd get dirty looks, but I'm the one who has to keep track of them. ": Leashes on kids???"
BTW-Almost never is the devil used for an ad campaign.It's pretty much Ad Man 101.Don would know that.Only part of epi wrong
"I distrust camels, and anyone else who can go for a week without a drink." -Joe E. Lewis
Sorry guys,we no OF the Dog & his family is friends w/lots of people we no BUT we are just all about flowers:)
Great job in ground #defenses tonight everyone. See you Saturday at East at 11am for #MMA #Conditioning. #free trial
State employee specials tomorrow!! Taco Salad, cheeseburger and fries, or chicken sandwich and fries for $6.99!!
: Yo, w/ my broth as u never know:)
What to give up for
We'll see you there! I'll be wearing a t-shirt! for the
I need rest.
Luke 22:15 “With fervent desire I have desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer;
I'm gonna miss you<3 :D
Debating dinner options? Monday & Tuesday are $1 sushi at !
Good times..
See you tonight for THE MACPODZ! Doors at 9pm, Show starts at 10pm with an hour set by PHARAOH LOOSEY! Then Macpodz all night long! Ages 18+
I think you will. A stiff drink may help speed it along lol. Please report your ideas after you get through it.
Shoot me in the watch ....... I got time to kill . O_o
Cant wait to hear it cant wait to buggy
Well, I'm going to take a nice nap! Nice talking to you, I'm excited to meet y'all! :]
I'm go be signed wit #mmg one day I can feel it. They only rock wit the best
DMs, check that :)
5 year old called for me from her bed. Daddy went in to see what she needed. Her head was stuck to one of her many pillow pets.
#Art is up and available at ! Check it out!
is smart. The music biz took a dive and he made the adjustment. S/O to SoCal
That's the ish that drives me crazy!
The Philadelphia 76ers are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Wells Fargo Center. Buy your game tickets by calling at: 888-493-0004
I can't sleep, I'm so giddy about tomorrow.
yeah I remember bout ya sis moving here.. Cuales friends you bring from Dallas ?
8:30pm Devils/Panthers start tomorrow? Guess I'm not getting much sleep, especially if the game goes to overtime.
Let's go
Really disappointed about UK deciding not to go back to Bloomington. Thought playing series on home court really amped up rivalry.
The #WhoDat nation has survived adversity before.They'll never break us.
If ur business wants to be featured in our Times Ad next week... hit me up.. Its ur last chance to get ur banner on time! ;)
WOW new goes hard
#BBW #kenya and those chopsticks<<<<
Jim Neal: we need to move to parabiosis, an age of radical collaboration, with ctrs of excllnce around the world
Register for Riley Dance Marathon! It will be #incredible #phenomenal #fantastic #unbelievable etc. Pick your adj
Tapas here is fabulous - boquerones with vinegar, grilled squid, grilled veggies, and of course, delicious wine-verdejo is my new favorite.
Looks like the remake of "Evil Dead" that nobody asked for... mixed with "Scream" and featuring Joss Whedon's(tm) Genre All-Stars!
Good luck!
Some people are like, "I want to encourage self-expression." Nah. I want to teach them to see what I see!
I'll be down at CAR Friday have any time to meetup?
Herman Cain...just another day doing another line of Koch.
"Humble managers see with their ears and with their eyes." - #ALAconf closing speaker
That's a foreign feature
Start panicking. (remembers you have a job). nm, drink! Also, congrats! RT Welp, I'm a college graduate. What do I do now?
Omg i think i found a new crew to fuck wit
nah, sleepy wine drunk and a happy liquor drunk, beer is kinda hit or miss. I love wine but red hits me quick & hard!
Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
You win! DM your address where we can mail the card. Thanks.
Is there a good Louisa May Alcott bibliography out there?
Knock KnockWho's there !Bossy !Bossy who ?Bossy just fired me !
excellent article on Black Mentoring in AERJ!
YOU'RE SO MEAN. AND THIS IS SO SCARY. OMG. :c
aye! watch your tone talkin to me, okay?
Hey & , what do y'all know about a little ?
get me something . Thanks
Contact us to see how you can be rewarded with room/show comps for all you gambling!
/me blushes. Hey, we should hang out this week if you're in Madtown. I am this week as well.
Welcome Back, you were missed !
Now #ImanShumpert is hurt; this is a complete nightmare for me and the #NewYorkKnicks. This is a complete annihilation.
High risk, high reward. Be the challenge.
If the New England Patriots are called the Pats, and the Jacksonville Jaguars are called the Jags, what do we call the Tennessee Titans?
2nd SOS for the day! Anyone in Saint Louis that can drive me to union station for my 1:15am bus? Ill pay you in love and maybe chocolate.
Susan Solovic,award-winning entrepreneur, New York Times, Wall Street Journal author, multi-media personality March #SMALLBIZPGH TWITTERCHAT
Artest does not deserve the name world peace lmfao
i do im at my gmas
Im in there like swim wear
#Blackhawks begin the playoffs tonight at 9pm! Don't miss it!
GREAT stats. Thanks for sharing!
My Twitter never works!! >:/
Recording with today! Can't wait! See you there
I NOT WANT HIM.
#ghettowaystodie trippin over a hobo on the steps to the subway
Always something new to learn right? Our archivists constantly find new things as they help public w/ research
Who hasn't messed around with Reggae...
RT : "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~Albert Einstein
Good to hear. RT : ": We had a productive day."SO DID WE
Look at those good bowling people rock on #KICK SOME ASS PUNKS
yes it is. i think was a good track to the schedule. i think they should add it to cup schedule instead of sonoma.
happy birthday srry I said it so late I wasn't able to say it earlier #HappyBirthday I live u so much and I wish u the best
What I haven't ate all week at home I most likely eat here <<<
Some rain is (finally) on the way this weekend, but curious to hear how dry weather is affecting Marylanders? Please RT!
Looking forward to that! Do you need anything more from me for the CD cover?
Happy to have tweeting.
thanks very much. :) what did you try?
Permission slips for writing workshop? I sure do. Stop by 176 to pick one up!
I will be looking for representation soon. Talents only 1/3rd of the equation so, I'll do my part.. : )
RT : Bagpipes, drum circles, and trash unicorns. It was a great delight to be there! Thanks! RT : Thanks for a...
of course!!! FYI I'm moving back home :/
ok i got to say i am behind rham in chicago. at least you know where he is coming from and i believe he really does love this city.
Wanna be a balla shot calla 20 inch blades on the impala call er' gertin laod ta'nhyte #ayee gutta chick
Well today was<<<<<<<but dat blunt ws on time
oh goodness, no. I think it started soon after the school was founded in the 60s.
champ burger is freaking fantastic! thanks to and for a potentially life changing experience- at least artery-wise
I'm in love with harry potter.
Customize your Presentation Folders at NYC Printing 123. Get them as fast as same day. NYC Printing 123 offers the solution for all your...
..still waiting on the whites to dry tho.
Ha YES!
just dont walk away from music, I need to learn everything I can from you!! :)
thanks little guy
oh! Sorry, for spam, lolol. (:
now its time for him to take me shopping (:
Thats the way to go! Are you going to New Orleans?
Congratulations Dowden-Wayne American Legion Post 64 for another 100% membership year! Are 1,000 members in the cards?
I hate being single.... Especially on Valentine's #forever alone
We suffer because our innate values have gone awry
It's feel good Thursday! ;-)
lesson learned
I don't think there are any real friends out there anymore.
That's not even something you joke around about.
Ok, ok... So I tried the 10€ prix fix and it failed les miserables!!!
involvement in world war 2. For america to sustain the excess of the post world war 2 years it has been involved in
"man get cho ass on bro" loll
finally home!!
Thanx for the RT : RT : I'm proud to be one of the few candidates in #Richmondbc that "fully supports" a living...
love that song, too bad my daughter can't hear it.
#sea Tell us about your most unusual hobby
When you hear twin fiddles and a steel guitar... is watching #PureCountry again. :)
Thank you!
Funny video! www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kcOHJqrV2g&hd=1
$/o to thanks
All Fascinators reveal a different way to think, and if they can absorb our focus, they have the capacity to change our opinions.
I want more followers :/ anybody? #f4f ?
I Haven't Seen in The Longest !
Looking to connect with Detroit area .Net & SharePoint Developers. Shoot your resume to and give me a call @ 248.351.3813
nothing at all
Come explore the VAC today with all our free programs and events happening right now until 9PM tonight!
Its time to 'man up' :)
heck yeah....Spain wins World Cup 1-0 over the Netherlands!!!! :)
major bummer! :-(
I am superman REM Life's Rich Passion
This recession sucks. I still can't find a job with my bachelor's in biology! Thank goodness I'm in school working on an engineering degree!
It must be good luck! It's got to be.
I hate being rushed when I know I have fucking time
Answer My Question What's My Name.!
Packers need to deliver the dagger here
Lyketsos: science & religion both benefit from dialogue, moving from conflict to conversation
I can do that;)
Worlds Greatest Elvis Tribute April 14th in Baltimore "Like Us" for details and special promotions !!!
It's almost Thanksgiving!!!! we are working this weekend setting up a party, but we will enjoy having tomorrow off!
testing my new seo tool :) not happy with UI
Eventually I will catch a break and someone will give me a chance.
Few albums can stand up to Velvet Underground's "Loaded". It never gets old.
Love at first sight voice of an angel the perfect human being <3(:
In a world where we all desire to love, it's amazing how many people are hurting.
Truth Be Told:Wanna look like a cooked-lobster? Use the block! The clouds actually magnify the sun's harmful rays.
I guess I'll head to DStreet.
Tomorrow is RAW... OUTFIT ... CHECK ... NEW HAIR... CHECK... ACCESSORIES ... CHECK.. MAKEUP GALORE ... CHECK CHECK... :) come visit me!!!!
im at drill
I know exactly what escalator you're talking about! I rode it during a fifth grade field trip. It blew my mind even then.
soon have a twitter!.
HaHa I know I can't think of it!!!
When hard work meets opportunity Greater Than Moments happen. No doubt it will.
not at all. It's weak. Not the way a game should be decided.
Aight cool 10"4 if yall ain't drop it by the 1st of next month don't worry about it we gota have everything done by Dec.
Texas' Tristan Thompson had a coming out party tonight against Illinois. He looked like an NBA lottery pick, though Illinois' big men=soft.
bad teeth are SO bad!
So nice to see you yesterday. Thanks for the lovely lunch!
Since Brian Azzarello is writing a couple of these Watchmen prequels, can Alan Moore please write PHIL GRAVES, AGENT OF TRUST?
when and where?!
What a night! Went to see Never Shout Never! I'm in love and I need an electric guitar!
Oops! Forget to book your travel? We've got you covered with our LAST MINUTE DEALS on air, hotel & cars. Save a bundle! www.FreeXpedia.com
god morning cutie<3(;
being in Philadelphia....I haven't said #NephsIke in years lol
so thankful you are our Coach.. Excitement is back for The Big Blue Nation<U+E42A><U+E42A><U+E42A>
Had a great time on set today!
boo who do you hate:(
Heartwarming, home cooked meals every day - have you tried our Bison meatloaf? M M.
— Congrats Ash!
We're ready when you do win!
i can ake pic at school & u can upload it
I seriously didn't think it was going to happen. Yay!!
Rangers WIN! Nice Job Joe! I will be nice until you blow another save. I promise!
I NEED FOOD OTAY!
“It isn’t personal when they don’t like you and it isn’t personal when they do.”
doing this golf thing for the first time since I served at the driving range in Boulder
no, the email situation was fixed up. Its in ur name now
This was the llloonnggeesst Monday in modern history
Thanks for spreading the word on our launch into the Bay Area. We are excited about it!
Are you gonna be looking at high-end catalogs during med-school lectures or what?
Multnomah county sherff's office says 238th to 244th in Wood Village likely closed till at least dawn while investigating
Fireworks Safety: Do not set off fireworks near children, pets, or the Gulf of Mexico.
OMG! That would be so fun. Scotty beam me down to Larptopia Prime!
Is LaRussa sure he wants Lance Lynn up?
I just went through our whole facebook history together. I miss you!
Mostly my Sony NEX-5 (for travel photos). RT : What type of camera do you use?
haha i did own all of them but idk where i put all of them :D i swear once you go FP you NEVER go back haha <-- lame
nice talk.
Party time!
Heading to after work today!
The Three Laws of Prosperity: Be kind to everyone, Never speak ill of anyone, Never speak ill of yourself. ~Yogi Bhajan
Did you know I am in NOLA???? I am playing Circle bar tonight with Tyler. Do you still have my snuff?????
I always put my iphone in one spot. Sadly i forgot that a had a cup of water in that spot. So i put it in the cup -_______-
Spo the terrible coach is at it again
lol, that was quick! Hope you like it.
Yeah... but isn't it too much sometimes?
Oh, i got plenty of Soul Kool Aid to hand out.
Still up in deep thought!!
My favorite super bowl commercial so far...... #DavidBeckham <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Happy Cinco de Mayo... Now who's bringing the Tequila?
Follow me and I will follow back teamfollowback
It's interesting how people treat writers until they want to write a novel.
Guess she didn't trully love me after all
Tonights Hero of Hope award is one of the most exciting things that has ever happened to me!
lol I'm asking my mommy if her pass works
Explain to me again what exactly finding your friends has to do with stitched leather?
Girls: say they love eachother. Are friends for a couple years Boys: call eachother fags, bitches,and assholes. Are friends for a lifetime.
#GSeriesFITFriday eat some salmon if u want to get fit. It is high in protein and low in fat. It's also tasty!
@ cms technology convention
Recently saved a hamster from a cat in an alleyway. I named him Potato. Fattening him up until I run out of food. Gonna be pretty soon, guy.
IT'S TRUE. but I learned my lesson
I am.
“: The fact that & I are gonna start chilling more >” <3 more bonding
You should, it's pretty awesome!
nice:) good luck!
the first cup of coffee is as orgasmic as sex. the oos ahhs ms so good oh god yes sounds in the morning gulping this cup o jiz is lovely.
You know it would be awesome to have a suprise visit from someone kind enough to bring me food. That would be so sweet
I like really love the Fire album by Kaskade no matter what mood I'm in.
Fights shouldn't end until someone is KOed.
there's no whining in twitter. #twitterhug for you too! Look forward to your tweets and links.
Looking for awesome, inspiring quotes? Well follow #bestthingever :-)
not there but will say hello anyways... Hello!
is on her way to crashing and burning.
bow chicka wow wow!
very cool, but know more repeat players PLEASE !!!
"Turn my sorrow into treasured gold - You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you've sown." ::adele::rolling in the deep::
What keynote are #IRA2012 attendees most looking forward to?
Ha! I had the same reaction. "This is news?"
Conclave, givenness. Maybe it’s time for a different question. Why doesn’t everyone choose to this? -morphose in a chrysalis of build/ings
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down. - Arnold H. Glasow
The Bucks face the Atlanta Hawks at the Bradley Center tonight at 8 p.m. Go, Bucks!
u never do it lollx#ThatToSad. But i did everything but not the ones tht need the cal. Wht did you me in his class
Hungrier than a hostage
"Reflective practitioners are capable of learning as they lead." --Roland Barth. And vice-versa, no?! --mwp
I didn't know you could have TWO soulmates..
If anyone here wants it, I have a Ghost Recon Online closed beta key. Just tweet or DM me if you want it
Do you love me because I am beautiful or am I beautiful because you love me?
i miss dan wheldon :( he one best driver in the world wish he wasn't killed but shit happen in the crash
all you black friday shoppers, please dont get mad/ill/angry w/employees, we did not ask u to come out in this craziness that was ur choice!
Three words- Carly Rose Sonenclar. Heard her sing for the first time tonight and was completely blown away! She owned that song.
when and where
true, everything from bullet in a bible and earlier right
Jeez, I'm bummed about #Awake even tho I knew it was coming... it's sorta killing my #Fringe finale buzz...
Here's to the Mahomies who keeps Austin Mahone as a secret in school.
As psychic mom said: you'll see world's 2nd largest pecan, rodeo, Houston sports radio angry about Bills ascendency, and a Shrimp ManShrimp
just declared his love for the Gold Card members in the audience. We love you too.
would love to meet you!!!!!!!! Come to Chicago?????
Requests call or text 615 212 9447 listen now & rock out
well I know that if I step out on a Philly street at the wrong time I'm toast (any day!) They sure do scoot in this city!
We are proud to welcome to the family Tyler Bell as our new guitarist. Check out our single "Disconsolation"!
are you guys at home ??
M! RT : Nothing like dripping garlic sauce on your scarf during lunch. Awesome taste - Bad accessory.
. create the opportunity for yourself. There are many ways you can make your own exposure. Develop new characters.
For #WomensDay, think about ways you can un-mute your voice and truly express yourself!
damn girl i cant keep up wit all u account
What's the difference between an ice cream cone?
Is there anything better in this world than a tiny hershey's kiss with an almond inside?
Afternoon...al yalllllllll From Houston Texas..When You can, Pray for all the Children out there that are suffering from Abuse
Not gonna lie, if it weren't for Telephone, I would've never become a Beyoncé stan.
EPIC Spring Gala w/ Vagabond Opera and Fishtank Ensemble
Did you know biomass is the oldest source of renewable energy, used since our ancestors learned the secret of fire.
Someone made a visit to the 7th floor I see! Wait to stop by and say hi...
Does anyone have a sailboat?
Welcome home ...lets spread this crack!
Is it possible to place an ad on your blog? Who do I email about that? Can't find info on the site. Thanks!
OMG I Was In A Car Accident Today... =(
anyone who's name looks like it's pronounced "ass dribbles" needs to do whatever they can at the plate to step up the swag.
Progression 2(A young playa)-I bump this bro
No bug at all... spending too long at the computer, the solution was right in front of me. Code does things to you... fixed
It's not bing weak it's call not dealing with your bs
It all comes down to this i miss ur morning kiss
Wise words as always. “: If they weren't there for you during your hardest times, then they don't deserve to be there at all.”
finally!!! #kobe was horrible last 5 mins. I guess that clutch gene is time selective
Churchill: We will fight them on the beaches; Reagan: Tear down this wall; Obama: Follow me on twitter.
#NowPlaying: The suspense radio drama #Sorry, Wrong Number
out here thuggin brotha better not even look at my bag wrong
these circus performers shouldn't speak
Laundromat not nearly as fun as the internet makes it look. Hardly any singing and dancing.
- ok, but that's not telling me very much. Anyone can be an Internet creeper.
when I saw him my eyes were at his teeth. Let's just say his teeth are PERF!(:
Yes! Especially this year. RT : I wish tree pollen was like a vampire: revoke its invitation and it has to leave.
I hear the sun is planning on making an appearance around 12PM. I wanna look when he arrives - cause u know - he's the sun.
Breathe in experience, and remain a lifelong learner.
it's because you were rubbing your face on my shoulder you bell end.
Glad the girl recognized you, but sorry the printer gave you trouble. Let me know if we can help. You can reach out to too.
I'm excited about my softball game tonight. I hope it's a repeat of last week. A win.
I really hope tomorrow night happens
This guy on the bus looks like Mickey Rourke wearing a zebra striped leather officer's cap
In a working group right now on that same topic! If everyone listens to us we will revolutionize liberal learning. :-)
.'s voice is booming through the restroom for the !!!
yay, congrats! :D
Too damn early
He'd end up blowing all his wages for the week, all for a cuddle and a peck on the cheek.
Next on the at 615 previews the Yankees series opener with the Blue Jays tonight. Play-by-Play here on
Yea He My Kinfolk N I Love Em..... But Az A Man I Do Not Respect Him.......
stone mtn. Or close to you I do have wheels. Lol
Thank you so much for the punch and the beer!
Godspeed and sunscreen <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
I got like 5 tubes of blood drawn and i actually thought i was gonna faint lol im so weaak
If we all play our cards right #komen will have no funds to contribute to Planned Parenthood for any purpose
Where r u guys !!?? the place is full ( :
If Wichita St had this game would be over already!
I'm just staring at ass....that thing is HUGE!!!!!!
I'll take your place this week :)
We all know that there is no soy milk...because there is no soy tittie
I loved your presentation on Title IX...even though I wasn't there (sniff, sniff). Undergrad commencement today! Yay! #SLA12 -- Ted
Just waking up from a nap
"You just put your chocolate in my peanut butter".. #hearditinthekitchen w/
Part I: The Top Social Media Disrupters of 2011 According to Even More Smart People « Radian6 - Social Media Monitoring and...
Well, well, well. Facebook deleted my account and they don't give me a reason why and there's no getting it back.
Thanks for the favorite and we have returned the favor. We hope you have a great weekend.
I'll tell you one thing: Don't ever give anybody your best advice, because they're not going to follow it. - Jack Nicholson
u are so adorable
U better believe I will...not everyday we go for 28...that's history in the making!
Come to www.watchnhllive.com for all your preseason and regular season hockey live on line enjoy!!!!
We have a great furnished rental in Del Mar for $3500! Anyone in need of a lovely 4 bedroom to rent for about 6 months?
Hitting Vegas at the end of the month. Two shows! Road trip!
Attending the #Fishers Plan Commission. Big crowd for the review of Sweetwater Creek Apartments.
Dueling 50 Shades interviews...oddly, I don't care about either of them!
Just pushing the karma right back into the world. I'm a very lucky guy :)
There are millions of little you's in those 15 ml you flush down the toilet. We DO NOT need so many you's though LOL
I'm really looking forward to tomorrow! Our shoot is finally gonna pull through:'D
that makes sense I should've clicked on the link(;
Friendship and money: oil and water. - Mario Puzo
thanks homie! give me a couple months to put something out
Our latest display is about computer crime and computer forensics. Can anybody say "steganography"?
awe...thank you
Yeah that's what makes me so upset :( she's friends with EVERYONE. Even Angus T Jones Dude. It makes me so sad.
sounds sick man. i'm coming in town today so we for sure gotta kick it
My 2 year old told me tonight that she has "Moves Like Jagger". Should I be worried?
Welcome aboard new followers! :)
he favors everyone that followers him brother #Teamfollowjeseus - he favores the the lost to be found one day as well ;)
um. he definitely has cover PHOTOS of his songs. -_-
Thank you so much(:
cross tabs show Walkers approval with independents down 10 points and down 8 points with Republicans from last month
what is this ? children of the corn.
Live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO LETS GO,,CHECK US OUT ON YA ANDROID RADIO are ya android ,DOWNLOADTUNE IN RADIO
Much respect for
Any nutritious/easy/quick #recipe suggestions for a #libraryschool gal on the go? I'm suffering from a startling lack of culinary creativity
This bus reeks of Apple products.
Wtf bon iver?! What was his hit Mange? Didn't we see this guy on "how to catch a predator"
Finally finished my expense reports! About to head for food, then to the GYM! Happiness is a productive day even when it is cold & rainy!
Emma Watson Makes Like a Ballerina in Elie Saab Who says you have to wear pastel pink to look like a pretty ballerina? Not Emma Watson! T
RT : If she has to take her retainer out to blow you,
[Campus Bulletin] Students complaining about housing assignments, surely you didn't expect anything good to come from a GT department?
#LMAO u wish this was #SPAM you dont have to be stupid just know this me and my people will be at level 50 plus...the day it releases
That makes no sense. Lol. Are you busy?
u haven't seen that but don't get me started on Popeyes smh
steak or chicken?? And tell gaby save me 3 of em! :)
Damn it Adam tweet something!
Gotta love pay day :)
I'm down.
I love little kids <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Our pleasure! RT : Wow! Thanks you! RT: Erinn M. Cox helps you Redefine What It Means to be An Art Collector:...
SUPERNATURAL Time!:D
hey,how r u?
We are always looking for a reason to go to William-Sonoma. My wife loves kitchen gadgets and things.
this seems very odd. IMO
I almost got that ! Looks legit
Honestly, I'd take the Metro to Hopkins and bike from there. Multimodalism!
omg i havent heard this song in a while!! I don't wanna be in love -Good Charlotte 10th grade #memories :')
It's weird to have such a deep connection and love for a country where I have never lived
Aye! Unless you've actually been in one of the Armed Services, STOP calling yourselves soldiers! War Vet Speak!
great to see you all - thanks for being there!
Laying down in the dark listening to Misser's new album, relaxing.
RT "Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face." - Victor Hugo
Some things never change... and some do...
Report a problem is grayed out. It remains searchable, and visible, it just says closed. I need to have this removed.
RT : I will be attending. :) Haven't heard from too many planning to attend. Hope that's not an omen.
“: just go w the flow yolo”yep that's the motto
Einstein's has entered the 2011 Battle of the Burgers! Saturday, October 1st from 12:00 to 4pm at John Howell Park in Virginia-Highlands.
Gunna miss my baby though.. Working all weekend.. :|
| "Write one scene a night for three months, and you’ll have a movie—you can even use the weekends." ~ Bruce Joel Rubin RT
Earn great rewards on your visit to foodsmart!Tap to Belly!
Any word when the 2012 edition of the Provence guide will be available in the iBooks store? Only seeing 2011 currently. Thanks!
hey hey just sitting here rolling my hair and thinging of him !!:) lov him um... plzzzzz reply back i am bored !plz!:)
Can't even explain how much love I'm feelin' for you!<3
Dnt bring it round me or ull get #tossed RT : The big ass golf kind? RT I only buy the flyest brellas
Broncos have more Superbowl appearances then the Raiders and 1 less AFC West title. Closer comparison then you think.
Jammin' on a Pyramid Discord IPA, Mr. M on vinyl, and some 80 degree weather.
Show last night kicked ass happy bday rev and burley!! And thanks to all the fans who came out we love ya!
A lot of folks are pointing out to me that the Academic <U+2260> the MPAA.
Shawn Cunix is only person I know at table. He witnessed the whole bluff and didn't say a word. #TrueProfessional Won a small one, 34k
RT : A real man never stops trying to show a girl how much he cares about her, even after he's already got her.
Bellflower Talent show this summer!!! ^.^
when we all getting back in the Yo
okay kiss said that they r looking for a billboard that shows youre a true fan like no okay. Writing on yourself, putting (c)
Performing with the Bobby Hutcherson Group tonight & tomorrow night at Yoshi's San Francisco.
Needs to give the one that wants my attention, my attention. I dont skate on concrete.
What What, I'm up! Born to do it Die Doing it-Entertainer!!!
The moment your screwed when you see two little kids holding hands and kissing eachother on the cheek. And you don't even like anybody.
Dang why can't let one mistake go?!?!?! Yeah I'm talking to !!!!!!
I need to make you some new CDs!
Indescribable!! Feelings always change at some point of time
I do not know
(TONITE) WE LIVE @ THE VAULT 4 THE GRADUATION EDITION OF VIP SATURDAYS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
I want a new life and I want it with you.
Offer Cotton Tale Designs Poppy 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set | Best ...
just send it bk let me hear it....
Happy Birthday to my lovely daughter, Tamia!
lol y y'all going hammer lmao
hey Zayn do you have an instagram? and if yes what is it?
Elmon gets his o back for now
Our members are having a fabulous time shopping at the SF Warehouse Sale! What was your favorite purchase!?
and im just seeing ur text smh ell.. i was so tired u don't even know
Woo!! We're in Austin!!!!! #ThreeMoreHoursToGo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
finally going to see the NYC protests today. will report back with observations.
GODDAMNIT Y U PROTECT AWESOME TWEETS I CAN'T RETWEET
I can't find my red lipstick fml
proud to be belieber
You can now purchase classes on our website through PayPal!!! You can also make a donation to our equipment/scholarship fund!
I know God has a plan for m... :) all smiles cant wait to tell yall <3
Guess I lost the rapture lottery. See y'all in hell!
agreed. pandering to a degree. i'd rather hear about it when interest rates are actually down.
I'm leaning towards DVR and then get the public opinion... I'm afraid it's like a train wreck.
that's my friend Katie's bf!
Getting ready to install some brand new #Ultracraft displays this week. Come by the showroom to check them out
i like your style.
Our thoughts and good vibes go out to those in Japan devastated by the
Gimme 8 Days... I going Launch 3 Spoken Words One Time!
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 7
The Supreme Court declined to decide whether California doctors & patients have the right to challenge state Medicaid cuts....
Happy Birthday Madboy! i love you so much it's not even funny I can't believe you're 14! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Did you know that you can control what photo shows up on your photos app under your cover photo? Ask me how!
followed btw love your username. :)
RT : I'm having Jump Around withdrawals.
oh em gee did you cry at the end of taping?
it did lol
Glad to be back in my studio, painting...and looking forward to Open Studio this Fri, Sat, Sun, 10am to 6pm
That was cute
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 13
That RT just made my day.
I feel you!
i'm a fantastic intern. i bring your favorite soda along with your chips without you even needing to ask.
Kohl "don't know how long I'll own the team. I'm willing to make personal contribution to new facility. "
Wonder bar wasted
Gotta get out of Memphis!!!!
The on-line business world is gonna change on Aug 21! Had a sneak peek...wow!
He really did look at ease. That was great to see.
Democratic Assembly leader Peter Barca is now testifying here in Dane County court.
Was waiting for the day made it on #thesoup !
The first will take place in Hungary on the 27th-31st of July, the second will take place in the Czech Rep
We Are Against SOPA if it's going to effect youtube users from uploading covers of other people's songs.
wish I could watch sportscenter
Have you gotten your real estate assessment letter yet? They were mailed this week
tweet this shnizznizzle. I'm huggin you right now.
What are your fav Stan Turrentine records?
We're in the same ballpark and we look forward to hitting some homeruns with you.
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW 2
.: archives produce difference and reveal tensions in history
I am open to the wisdom of god, and as I follow God's guidance, my life is full and satisfying.
hahahaha! Id be sipping a bloody mary!
Proud to see lil homie doing the right shit ....
aint about how fast I get there.. And aint about what's waiting on the other side...it's the climb!! #keepmoving #keepclimbing!!
How do you think Payton's suspension will sit with Drew Brees and his contract negotiations?
Party basics 101: always keep back up sun shades in your vehicle
It's raining so good here in the far ne heights. I hope the whole city's getting good and drenched! lol, catsndogs. ;)
Just laying in bed, watching Edward Scissorhands again hahahah good night :)
Count down, prayer, setup and we are expecting and ready for you all here early 2moro! Conference begins at 8
90! How'd you do it. I can't last more than 2 minutes on Fox News
Looks like a solo trip to see The Avengers on Friday
I need coffee quick
**Tools Programmers** A Developer- London
#ThingsThatPleaseMe What can I say other than , , . <U+2661>
Turning to the trusted Magic 8 Ball for answers RICH SHEPOSH Fantasy - Wilkes Barre Times-Leader
please follow me!:)
Never lie to someone who trusts you. Never trust someone who lies to you..
interesting convo with about the electorate. question about the electoral college. is it necessary?
I can't feel my toes
Did you know that there is someone whose job includes squeezing toothpaste on a toothbrush for Prince Charles?
#moverslongisland available at your service today & Sunday! Sunday available at Your request! Need a last-minute move? We have availability
the place to go
Urging you to support Council Member Koretz's medical marijuana ordinance. It's time to figure it out without a ban.
the one with the beats
o we should get them done together cx
Not the U-T tour but the next social for sure!
what's the debate? I'm late
L.O.L I love the metaphor! :)
I mean for real... Why cant they let you off... What would it be... All day Thurs and Friday? And I cant go anyway...
Finishing 2.5 hours on the reference desk. Busy on Monday = good.
Ladies, if you're ever in a social situation and you want a guy to leave you alone, casually slip "lady doctor" into the conversation.
hahahahaha quit talking shit on me
Stanton Warriors ... Come out and play!!!!!!!!
thought u were gonna b funny.
Sometimes you can make up for your mistakes with your hustle.
having trouble connecting my FB acct to Mailchimp - setup button redirects to my dashboard.
I remember being at a party years ago and someone busting out a cc demo TAPE!! i knew i was hearing something special!
Thank you US Military!!!
": Way too many Leaf fans here tonight. Couldn't they detain some at the border?" Where's TSA when you need them?
that is great!
in school /: wbu??
Thank you for the favorites and RT's
Not even
#NowPlaying: Tonight's The Night by
I want to move to Florida. Or San Diego.
My friends are getting there Indian name off the Internet. Decided to get my white name off the Internet. It is . . . Sebastian.
Come join us for the very best coupons, deals, and savings tips! Just posted a free sammich coupon for Arby's! Get on it! :)
Don't really like that call since high chance of 20 yard line start
aw shucks....i'll scream obscenities at the opposing team in your honor.
#RIPAngel. You will missed! Even though I didn't know you, you were the best dog ever! <`3
Catching my plane to Seattle for Immersion!
Much as I like tweeting online, I get nervous & stammer when 'tweeting' offline to same peeps. Why?? Anyone else experience same phenomenon?
have you started your website yet?
I have work to do and would really appreciate it if you'd go outside and play in traffic.
is gonna be here soon! :D #sooohappy :DD
thanks for the follow!!!!
Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Greater love has no one than this, that he lay down his life for his friends. John 15:13.
Thank you for the responses. All in all it could be an interesting conversation regarding how 'our buildings shape us back'
is presenting "Follow Through: Smart Tactics for Job Seekers," with , 7/20/11, 2 PM EDT, sign-up bit.ly/9v4VBf.
Wasup bro Naw couldn't find her she told me to remind her of the party saturday
#MBA Applicants, reply 1st to the upcoming trivia Q & you could win a School Guide to McCombs! Please note, players can only win once.
Shhhhh! Don't let hear about any functioning tot lots! He'll send in his goons!
Well that settles it we have to see Footloose!!
Is this something we could help you get? GA is far away!
finalist for PSU job reportedly
DH bunt strategy didn't work with next 2 striking out, but credit to LSU for battling.
this is just damn embarrassing. i dont think its worth it.
#community best show ever. Seriously need
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! !!
What's the worse thing that you've experienced at the dentist?
Say what you mean and mean what you say. Guys, when your wife asks you to take trash outside and you say "yes dear in 5 mins", and she has t
Thanks for the tweet!
Knowing that one person will never change
Unsure if I can take this. Seriously crazy
sometimes i think is a stuck up celebrity when hes rude to fans.
That moment when the sommelier waits as you judge wine is SUPER important - please treat it somberly.
Following & during the budget vote reminds me of listening to Cincinnati Reds play by play on AM radio in 80s
RT : You cannot be a selective about civil rights. Either you stand for the rights of all or for none
Listening to the new River City Extension here in the office. Get ready for your heads to explode in awesomeness on June 5th. cc/
Audition tip #8: Have at least 2 memorized monologues. They should show your range but they should NEVER be from a popular movie or play!
Wow #JAGK and #1forme1foru is trending ....good day :)
I'd suck the scales off of a King Cobra for this work day to end right now
DeRo hat trick on its way... 1 down, 2 to go.
New to this show me some love
Big thanks to you John Folks...
Ford will invest $135 million in its future hybrid-electric vehicles, part of an EV strategy that starts with the 2011 MKZ Hybrid this fall
This year I'm giving up Catholicism.
How can they like your pages, images & comments if they don't know-Don't be afraid to ask friends, customers to like your new Facebook items
I LOVE this story! Warms my heart. Thanks for sharing!
Flurries on a blustery #Loudoun day resemble late-summer fireflies; White pixies darting in every direction, seeking the ground.
that's fine with mee :) just let me know!
ME TOO. I have 0 patience ok
Happy Labor Day every one! Be safe! Currently watching the Criminal Minds marathon on A & E!
I think I was followed - indifferent w/o some insight. I seem to be getting closer to SFZC
About to be knocked out on this PORCH...GOODNIGHT *bHADD)
still trying to convince my mommaa!
If I was on American Idol, I would totally be one of those people that cuss out the judges & throws shit around.
i want to stick my face in a bowl full of yogurt.
I am almost there cone now
you just try to come visit me in the paint!! ;)
so public policy maj w/non profit & marketing? so u will produce communications that make no money which tick off the public? :)
cool! link?
awww <3 i look forward seeing u too!
Love riding my bike in Minneapolis!
i went 2 c Orlando vs. Knicks didn't go so well at #knicks has to pick up the effort! Magic won! Lol
The days are finally getting longer. Don't remind me that have been since 12/22/2011 either.
You cut some hairs off.. :)
Deleted my Goodreads acct. I feel better already.
happy birthday !!!!!!!! God bless u girly. <3333333333333
We're hearing there are donut burgers and roast beef sundaes among other stuff at the #LilacFestival ... anyone try either one yet??
when did I call u a bitch
Warm ups have begun at Magness arena. Bucky vs DU best of 3 series. We have our own 300 going, 22 Badgers vs Everybody. Game on boys
It's so refreshing to see someone remind us that Google has a client that isn't us, that Jobs has liquid assets that serve his bottom line.
You definitely should! I work on archaeology projects related to Butrint & the Pavllas River Valley. Awesome place to be.
10/20 nlhe @ O11 w/ a straddle about 1/2 the time. I booked a $5k win thanks in part to a flopped flush tripple-up.
they come in batches -- when I come home I'll get 2-4 alerts all at once. Probably happened 3-4 times.
When a cat adopts you there is nothing to be done about it except put up with it until the wind changes – T.S. Eliot
I know You gotta Go cuz you got things to do
on my phone
was that from the Simpsons episode about young adult fiction?
The cold air brought a light fog blanketing the forest in an eerie mist.Suddenly,two men come crashing through the brush and into a clearing
Then why not a home and home?
Smh. My advice...just keep that ish out your circle and you good.
this survey <<<<
People who are following me professionally please be prepared for lots of personal tweets over the next two weeks!
Amen to that! : I used to work 8hrs/day bldg some1 elses biz. I can work to build mine
Same 2 u all!
": On it right now." Thanks, ill check again later
My daughter texts so fast she responds to my texts before I can finish typing them!
First carnival of the year. Kris calls them Carnivoires. That is a good call, they eat your money.
Good sushi date :-)
There is a difference between power and authority
I just took some ibu/tylenol...waiting for it to work.....
bout to get dressed for class!
1,000 followers. SCORE! Thanks y'all!
my dogg, miss ya!
Haven't forgot about you...we wanna be involved.
Aural skills IV written exam & voice jury tomorrow. Prayers appreciated!
": What are you drinking tonight?" Belvedere martini dry, vermouth in and out, stirred not shaken with a twist of lemon.
Forever I Will Be A Killjoy
Great class at SAG Conservatory yesterday
Vietnamese noodle salad with shrimp and grilled chicken thigh--it was in the 50s in Chicago, for goodness sake!
hahaha xD he only told me tho & I haven't told anyone! But girl you're so lucky!
per yer jab at Portland fans .. You've changed man, it used to be about the music!
Good morning indeed!
America Reads Spanish FREE PASSPORT TO LIBER 2011 Program. Don't miss this opportunity to attend the Spanish Library Book Fair in Madrid....
“: retweet for a shout-out!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>” RT
you guys ready yet??? Stong body bars ready to try??
I don't know why but I'm just not a big fan of the boogaloo
1st day of Spring. Dense AM fog, then partial sun. Highs around 70. Record warmth possible Thu. & Fri. w/ highs approaching 80.
And My Bed Feels Amazing <3 I Missed It <3
Glad you like what we're doing, Talya! Keep an eye out for a big update to the app coming next week.
Jim Carrey might not have actually made the movie Leap Day, but really, he did.
Looking for People who want me to come in and do a sample!!
Are you following these great club sports?
*not a smart female dog
Waves are small up north but the wind is howling...maybe Kahana Bay??? Hope everyones has a great Christmas Eve
Sometimes having too many 'things' can weigh you down.
Great PLP webinar - setting the stage. So many excellent thoughts.
Just finished the pre holiday roll up..ceremony starts in a few hours #4/20 everyday
When life brings u down u know what cha gotta do? Just keep swimming, just keep swimming, swimming, swimming or drown urself bc i hate u
Half the time I forget the African American guy on "The Walking Dead" even exists, he gets so few storylines.
": can't wait to see Bob Marley on stage via Hologram... that needs to happen" Agreed. I am SO at that show!
72% Of People Say Pets Influence Dating
What do you prefer in the morning coffee, tea or orange juice?
Great night of fights
Going to see the next showing right now sir!!!
Here comes the sun :)
If you have no idea how nice or good of a person I am. Here's an example, I'm still taking care of my ex's bill. What does that tell you.
Only 2 players in SEC history have hit at least .450 for a season with at least 200 at-bats
If you are coming to DeBosis convo on The Electric Information Age Book mañana @ 5 pm 403 Boylston Hall, nb: come early, space will be tight
Absolutely. A mid run review can seriously damage a good show because you begin focusing on the wrong things.
yo what up Mann... I'm down to do those tracks... N I'll try n make it thru today cuz I got a dentist appt by u
oh my gosh. stop whining.
I DMed him from my personal, I'll tweet him again from that when he gets online. ;)
hell yea it was
Oh Rondo!!!! He could have broken his arm!!! I hope hes ok :(
You need to take risks in order to grow. Beth Comstock, GE
Can I use (already) shortened URLs to a #linksy campaign?
Left my damn lunch at hme ughh
why girl? what happened?? RT “: Terrified.”
#Lions might sign Boise St QB Kellen Moore ??? Might be a good free agent pick up.
Aditi, can we give the guy a break tonight please? RT Think Eli is reading a teleprompter or that he had that memorized?
My thigh.... No, my WHOLE leg is sore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
That's embarrassing
Im really serious guys, this is my new twitter watch i will create a new YouTube and put up a video of me shouting out my twitter!
Wouldent doubt it, i actually got quite smart from illegal substances. Just about the only thing i haven't done would be NZT :P
#Akwasi_Frimpong from the docu #Rabbit_Theory sends #oprah_winfrey a letter. Read letter on #wikipedia_page. He hopes to meet her someday.
Follow me pelase
Bravery is not the ability to face what scares most people. It is the ability to face what scares you.
stacydillard ended set w/ jd allen's "mean bean" ryanberg-bs,richardpadron-gtr.. bean's solo just brought the house down
well actually a lot of them probably do
For the love of god when will SXSW end?!
working on my business w/a new contract, little homework, major legal stuff to do. Good thing I'm stuck in the house today w/ this weather.
I wish a nigga would.
General Assembly Thurs in conjunction with Occupy plans to follow. #occupyUMD Practicing #patience. Thank you!!
Q4)Pushing, shoving, encouraging, planting seeds, talking, listening, etc
i love you <3
My dog brings out a very weird side of me.
How my dad refers to everyone on the road as "fucker."
Don't forget to join ROUTE 66 Band on February 5th at Amici's Pizza Sports Bar and Grill . Hope our fans will come support!
Might get another pair of tim duncans doe.
home from a weekend in NYC.
I don't understand.
I love the social invites I try to come where im invited!!
It's baby aliens coming out of the top of the cake.
[Insert something witty for you to think Im funny.]
The connection has timed out
It was nice meeting you the other night!
Investigating reasons 4 the connection btw/ early childhood ear infections & later onset of ADHD symptoms. Is there bias toward one subtype?
Co-worker just scheduled a meeting right in the middle of the barca chelsea match...i feel a little cold coming along, I may have to go home
Oops. Too early in the am RT : About to get rolling on the social media panel with
thanks! I'll be uploading the slides later this week.
Stoked to play with our friends in tomorrow! $10 at The Rock Show at 6pm. Pick up some merch ;) Wear a morphsuit, get in for free.
way cool - thnx for the heads up!:) follow me on pinterest too, assume u r there as well!
Awesome, what tool did you end up using for it?
Last minute #watchingthethrone moves at MSG with about to see #jayz and #kayne kill it
At the reggae spot wit the boo, bout to get slapped
That was a nice interview You hang in there.
I'm taking mine too!
I would rather be lonely than broke.
Understood, my friend.
House of lies.
it says ure not following me...
I went back in last night, they turned me away. Woke up this morning and it was still acting up. Finally they replaced it!
Troy and Abed have the greatest bromance.
Mother's Day activity card in Sunday's Tribune. Moms: Tweet us a photo showing off your new crown. Hashtag
what is this?
errraaybody in the club gettin tipsy!
it's an eat a box of donuts home alone kind of night
Thanks Don! Pull it in and shut it down!
was happy to bike to the farmers market. ....thank goth I check the times. It's open at 9am. ...not 7am.
Jamie Moyer is the definition of a veteran.
RT : Happy Mother's Day to all the great mothers, especially those in my life!
N I'm going to enjoy every bit of it
Gettin' ready for the weekend in Fort Worth, TX! White Elephant on Friday & Keys Lounge on Saturday. If you're in town come on out!!
Yes! Thx! But you got the wrong link... MT : Psyched to hear Andrew D'Angelo ! Way to collaborate
do u work like 80 hours a week??? Sunday morning too..
People need to stop living in the past and start living for the future.
Got It!! A Big chune Massive, Give thanks!
Procrastination is like masterbation in the end your just screwing yourself :O
for a great time, visit what helpful and friendly guys! i'm not in the demographic, but enjoy their site/humor.
screw that show.
of is who you want to talk about Path Cafe. Come down the 27th and meet him :)
If the 76ers were smart they would hire u, u insane with this
Man... I'm really trying here, and I'm not a quitter so don't count on it till you tell me your done
Emma Straub's Sept. novel in the book room, Laura Lamont's Life in Pictures. In a front-cover blurb, Lorrie Moore calls Straub "a magician"
im pretty sure it is bc it expired like 2 months ago. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
What's the activity? Curious!
self knowledge is key... and after that self - application!!! then we can rise up....
No risk no reward
big time ratings!! Congrats playa
well played sir
Its a whole new year today. What are your resolutions for 2012?
did you read 50 shades of grey? I know it's all the range and I'm now in book 3. It's addictive like your books.
I don't think I have your number :O
aha yup!
ahh what kind is it?!
HI Thank you so much for the follow. :-)
Calling all seasoned #photographers in need of a good starter camera. Any suggestions?
Did you all know when Dan Patrick was a kid he got onto the l.A. Lakers bus, and Wilt Chamberlin told him to get the F*$@ off!
Yes! We are open through construction, hours are the same. Please stop in!
thanks Dave
Last chance! 4 more days to like the U.Va. Alumni Education facebook page and be entered to win an iPod!
RT : 5. Importance of using assessment information as the basis for educational decisions - don’t just collect data
Bout to go retake this math test...
I'm sorry you're sad.
Frankly, I can't imagine how I would function as a learner without my mobile devices. Students surely feel the same.
Was this for me? I need space after RT RT : Haha yea ok RT: Yea James be happy with those 3. Cuz now it's Durant's time!!”
Anybody going to the NAMN show this year?!!!!
ah..... Miss listening to music & watching movies on my laptop! :(
Just ran for an hour in this heat! It's like running in a sauna. Great workout. Make sure to stay hydrated!
The view from my room? Vanderbilt University Will visit campus soon.
you still hot doe bahaha
Everybody Hates Chris. Love it :)
The Rangers Fan Zone is here for you. Join our site, talk about the Rangers, read the latest Ranger news & save the whales
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful, hard working and well-deserving mama's out there. One day a year is not enough!! Xo
let's get it then my boy
Holiday World in Santa Claus, IN. It has to be one of the best amusement parks in the USA, and water park.
Kroger at 2550 Lake Circle Drive is requesting rezoning for a gasoline fueling station. It would be in the south end of their parking lot.
I am sure it was, he is just very very angry
I LOVE MEXICAN FOOD ALSO
Bought a whole row (26 seats) in sections 304
I got "No Lie" on repeat right now
Appreciate the follow and retweet!
Casey's Kids Count released: 1 in 5 #children in USA now live in #poverty, putting their physical and emotional development at great risk.
Been on Twitter for 2 days and already have a new photo.
My Mind Not Only Wanders, Sometimes It Leaves Completely :/
Tried a new appetizer out tonight - Margarita Appetizer Pizza and I think the masses liked it! Bon Appetite :)
No one can beat
Journaling for my character, when I barely journal for myself.
getting excited about your show here on NYE!
awh thanks I think :-)
Great group of folks at the GAP (Grandparents Raising Grandchildren) Conference today in Lexington, KY.
Some guy tried to hit on me today
Tonight is Quiz Night! 8pm. $2.50 domestics. Let them all see how smart you are!
What does Portland get back?
asks, "is that a trick question?". Love a guy w/a sense of humor.
oh my goD YES I'M STILL MAD you guys are the worst i was so scared <3
Hey Selenators! :) Go follow my friend for a follow back from me :) .
New layout thanks to Mr. Mark Lowe, Art Director. It's raining at the Academy but a new layout may brighten some spirits.
You are thinking the right way, it must be spread, unless you can prove it is having major impact.
Like its our fault Ccp is on some hoe shit.
Guy talk with
Life for me is really about the little things
Fact: followers before "the tweet": 70,486. 36 hours later: 78.261. 10% increase for those keeping score.
as a Giants fan I take great pleasure in watching the cowboys lose
He's a busy guy.
Too many metaphors for relationships on #thebachelor. The crater, the bridge....oy.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow I LOVE <U+2665>
WAT THEY DO
Colts will retire 18 jersey. (thank you Irsay)
waking up early--what a great goal! That may just become a Goal of the Day one day soon...
aren't u working?
Also Blake Shelton is trying his hand at comedy?
We will officially be starting our crowd funding campaign next week!
It is working now. Yay!
As someone who went to community college and a major university, other than the price tag, I felt no education difference.
Its hot as hell over here...I need something to do, I'm just watching all the work be done
Last night I dreamt I played mini golf on the front lawn of a biker's house. Tonight i'm hoping for roof hockey on a banker's mansion.
Who else loves The Alpha Agency?
No ze 2 Terabyte External is not coming up on ze compootahhhhhhhhhhh
When i grow up i want to work at doofenschmirtz evil incorporated
Trying to itch my foot with my MIND...the Force is not strong with this one...
thanks for the #ff tweet!
Cool - those are some gr8 chances for visibility! Is HR Southwest the #ASTD event in Dallas Aug 14th? If so, I'll be there!
Check out the #1 Female DJ & 2010 SEA Female DJ of the year! She dropped a special mix just for
I Want To Win back ur Love!
Bobby screwed up, but Will and Hill haven't helped any.
are you going to a certain show at the independent Tuesday night
too bad we never ran into each other at the expo! Hope u had a great time :)
PLEASE FOLLOW AND TELL HER I SENT YU PLEASE . IM TRYING TO WIN A CONTEST THANKSS
Oh #Heat game is getting goose-bumpy ...
Question 9: Have you ever slept with someone without knowing their name?
shit I still wear my Browns one. It was fun bruh. GL out therr
Things are clearing up after the motorcycle ride... Big-I backup is clear per our camera.
let me find out u in the dunk contest (u look like Derek Williams)
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
7 weeks left of school... homework, please bear with me >.<
What an obnoxious article. "Porkers" in the caption? Wonder how Cristina Odone would feel if she had metabolic disorder
People who didn't know who cantor really was. It also doesn't help that until Recently money for dems weren't coming in
Ahh so excited to see #TheHungerGames for a second time on Monday <3
nice set on Letterman. I got in an argument over those security q's w/ IT. "No I think I know my favorite childhood pet's name."
Can't imagine having a birthday today!
hahaha just for that I put the mic in my backpack
DWF wishes everyone a happy holiday!
what torrent do you need bro?
Faculty from my cohort are now chairing other departments. I find this very disturbing.
I'm just saying what up to my #twitterboo and to see how you were doing #foreal :)
Welcome Home!!!
I would be a terrible spy. After 10 minutes of questioning by a 3 year old (why? Why? Why?) I've resorted to "because it's magic"
Word correct #fail. Who wouldn't like better? But not everyone likes good
be one of those smokers that prove you can be high and successful at the same time.
you can see the whole damn state from one place. Been there worst ride of my life. Lol. Be safe.
Life's a great big canvas, and you ought to throw all the paint on it you can.
Listening to some good tunes my brotha and getting the night started.
you know your hot sh*t when you're above Mary J. Blige !!
gon have me in a good mood for the rest of the weekend
can't wait to see what's for lunch! Lol
Thanks for the follow!
Barcelona in particular is very green: Recycling waste materials, wind power, water conservation, recycled products made into new materials
Bye Bye Facebook..
Nosotros is bringing the party to tonight! Live music starts at 9 DON'T MISS IT!
war is in the air, rise to the occasion.
Working on photography stuff :) really tired tho
If you can't believe in yourself, believe in God. If you don't believe in God, then believe in Me!!. --Jawanza!
Cody, you are so talented.<3
Happy Jonas Day <3 x
The Adjustment Bureau. Go watch it.
hey hey hey...... don't hate on pageantry world, hunty. lol
Elysian on Cap Hill, great beer, great scene !!!
Do people there know that Manuel was tossed in the first inning? Watching on TV, not sure how clear it was in the park.
This BK restaurant has wood paneling and music by Fleetwood Mac. I'm in a time machine.
I can make a kit for kids no problem! What do you need?
email a headshot and resume' to
This headache is killing me
LMFAO...As Brazilian waxes have become more popular, the pubic-lice/ CRABS population has dwindled....#justsayin where it's at..
#Damn Finally getting over this virus...I was over here struggling, but I'm back at it #ALLDAY Jenoloclothing.storenvy.com
Snow in Seattle is coming down steadily this morning, yet I don't think the end result will be as dire as predictions yesterday.
After months of listening & searching for the right music to use at the World Championships in January we may finally have it. Stay tuned
Wearing lots of color today, I look like I belong on the vineyard
bruh I'm in the car trippin, these bikers are so cool
st johns > pitt. Lets go
If U Want Things To Change In Your Life....Start By Changing Yourself 1st....-Breeze DTA
gave my mom her valentines gift early. made my night <3
Watch out, I think that #StephanieSutton's head might explode if and coach McCarthy show up for #DWTS tonite.
Dnt feel like doing shit today!!
could heal the common cold of everyone. Though as the sea too said a life is the darkness of another light in their world.
so true, beautiful quote :)
#smcrva iraqi students surprised that there is poverty in america, yet admire that there r nonprofits to take care of them
FREE or deferred cost for the first year as an incentive to startups and others. We work with local landlords and businesses that will give…
doesn't condone TDGugger's rusing <---for the record
RT this & follow me?(:
When she's sick but you can't do anything to help<<<:(
Watchin Kings Of Comedy, laughin like it's my first time watchin it!
Coming to an inbox near you!
Every minute I'm not watching football is so nice. It's just a better moment in my life. Ah.
shawdy y no follow back
What's up guys? Love the ep and keep up the great work!
Art=Political and Economic change. Learn all about it at !
Thank to Sinbad for clarifying things. Trump is a Chump!
I'm kinda shame if that twitpic, my hair is so long and gross xD
Girls that like to play hard to get>>>>>> i like the competition.......
looks like the hawks is giving the heat some problems
RT : Happy new year.Train rides continue wknds in January.Come on down!Thomas tix on sale NOW for mbrs.. Never too soon to get them.
Sponsors wanted ! #Delaware #netDE #SussexDE #NewarkDE #wilmde Georgia house fundraiser item an monetary donations for silent auction
RT : Hey! it's good to see you in tweeter / yes welcome to the twitterverse!
A THREE CAR GARAGE is your must-have in Chicago? GTFO, dumbass. I feel bad that she settled with Whiny McWhinypants.
Rack end protector guards against errant fork lift trucks.
Taking in my first twitter moments...
Daniel Perez "...till then" - astonishingly, head-shakingly beautiful
Nothing from the showcase, but 2012 will be about using the tools we learned! Holla #2012-here we go! Thanks
Watching it right now! Fox is so cute!
Good morning to you!
They could have at least made her stretch or rub her eyes a little xD
Who do you like this weekend?
Tired as hell but who tryina kick it
Track meet for kids this morning and then wine tasting with adults tomorrow.
Einstein had it right... "Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler."
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
Happy birthday to Roberta Thompson, and much success in the future!
Sounds nice and relaxing to us!
Dont give ur heart away or it might get brokenhearted</3
rofl heller my squishy pal
I'm think IU too. Gotta think they r gonna "win one for verdell" plus revenge.
Have you seen War Horse? I felt Spielgberg honored the stage version amazingly!
it's cool, I was just kidding you should rep your team. Even though they're gonna lose!
They do have a lot of money, however. Maybe they hired note-taking elves or ants to spy for them.
very interesting reading.
I swear these late night workouts are starting to pay off
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
So remember, this is bieber's world. you're just living in it. Bieber or Die.
Watts 3rd Annual BLOW OUT SALE April12th-24th. Savings of up to 90%
Haha this convo is so funny. It's good to see you tweeting preston, lol.
LaHood's transpo mood improves - Congress misses flight on airline mergers ... - Politico
Got to just in time for lunch from and cake from I have PERFECT timing
ate dinner, tired and winding down ready to go to bed, I believe I've achieved
Can you follow me i just followed you!!!!!
Well good morning. What a fine day to start off by listening to Virtual Embrace. And Yes I must still post pictures and do other things.
About FreeBSD Ports
Now! Get cupcakes from Peach Cheesecake at the corner of 13th & Hoyt. M, cream cheese frosting.
Send a blue ribbon today around the world. Digital Blue Ribbon iPhone App.
And is on
The next OEPF Clinical Associate quarterly enrollment benefit publication is at the printer and will go out this month!
;D all this is sounding very good :-) not sure how pretty I'll feel with a mask on lol but sure :p
a food babie?
Tough to win when u have 3 position players that are useless, SS, 2b, 1b. How are Conrad and Maysonet in the bigs?
wanna see it tomorrow?
Rise and shine for Yoga! day
RT the place to be at:) free mansions for everyone!:D
Former Broncos player David Treadwell will be attending Top 9 Moments along with our other fabulous celebrity guests
really?!! Was it harder then?? Oh.. You will do the right decision ;)
JUSTICE FOR!!!" "Ohead" - Must Be Dreaming(Official Video)" on YouTube...
just emailed you some stuff from , let me know what you think, we would love a post thanks
Is #SaySomein gonna play again? :]
I know chaddy! It's getting better so is the leg lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO EVERYBODY WHO BIRTHDAY IS TODAY
or should I say #stalkermom !! Lol
he's definitely an slp. if 'crazy' is in the DSM, then yeah, mental illness for sure
I've been on one for a couple of months. Definitely not "comfortable" in the traditional sense.
thanks again guys!
Starbucks huh? I doubt your here in new York but I'll keep looking! Lol love your vids keep it up punk.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .....
I am terriefied
hehe i hope so i wanna meet him so bad(:
needs to get out of work! We were suppose to go out on the town tonight !!
WILL YOU SAY I LOVE YOU TO ME ? Loves from MALAYSIA :)
Snow in the forecast?? Keep warm with bottle service this weekend! Buy 1 get 1 50% off - or free with costume :)
Too soon to turn on the AC, folks?
Marquee Mondays !
SO NO ONE WANTS TO TWEET ME ... COOL!
you would think with a master's degree I'd be able to work a phone, but the new ones at work still baffle me sometimes.
hey! Check us out! We're new to Vegas, from Florida. Our new EP is up for free download on our page :) let us know whatcha think
Really disappointed #syfy axed #eureka! It is such a fun show in a landscape of filth. Wish they looked at internet numbers.
I like it! Paris?
I feel your pain as it has happened to me.
Let's try and keep our minds on biz out there haha
Same here :)
Tomorrow is back to my even more hectic schedule. Work, rehearsal, practice, and the gym.
lol my fault England*
Feel free to DM me with any questions regarding Business Cards,Fliers, Banners, T-Shirts,etc...I'd be glad to help!!
My body actually looks like an old banana, but it's fine
Happy New Year Columbus! 2012 is an exciting year for our city!
If your solid, then why were you on floor for ten minutes???? Btw, the elbow was pretty solid!
#in is attending Cloud Connect 2012 at Santa Clara
hahaha! I think we can handle that!
Still tied to the streets like an ish knot
Nothing worse than a sick pup!
": What the hell was that Alex....not cool -_-" Simone I was kidding!
Goodnight twitter :) follow me n I will follow u back :-)
Up hella early<U+270C>
This kid is seriously bugging me now!! Looks like it's time to put both earbuds in & blast my music!!
Everybody wants to be fly till you swat them.
Will lend support, thank you! RT : #BrainTumorThursday begins in the US in less than 24 hours
Might good...what else is in there? My grandmother's vegetable soup recipe calls for 1/2 cup of red grape juice to cut the acidity.
something about eating a grapefruit ... like an instant brain-rinse
That sounds v. cool, Germaine. Might I also peep that syllabus?
Need coaching on relationships or life? Make an appointment with he is good at what he does.
Happy Birthday !
A lot of talk about #UNDUN on my timeline today....don't forget #ELCAMINO came out today as well.
why do i even care so much?
thanks brother!!
yes. Yes I would. Bahahaa
Aside from the bullsht life is good, stay prayed up, have a blessed day.
A #house is a a commodity, that can be sold for the highest dollar. The way it is presented to the buyer is important
Amazing how people don't think. Sold out show, but the still leave an empty space between seats.
Nope, just my regular desktop that has been sitting in the corner of the office for 2 weeks. Been using my laptop.
hell yeah we doing that shit! We're gonna get Mary-Jane and that White Girl to come with us too.
have an Awesome weekend!
From : Almost a repeat of Saturday can be expected for Sunday, but the winds will be very light today.
! Good Night Desde Sacramento, CA. ; ) !
If I date you and you dump me I will publicly wish you the best but secretly hope you get fat.
i could ask mrs. Danielle.. give me a sec
#FF the 13th in honor of who'd have loved Dodger Opener: ...more
Congrats to you & hockey team Canada! Cheers...
Thank you! Happy early Mothers day to you!
“: #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who's laugh is funnier than the joke!” haha
Cisco to Become the Next Apple: Undervalued by 200%
oh please oh please oh please.... Cool
might pull you just to pull your sister(;
Feedback on Silatolu is similar to what he received on Michael Iupati few years ago“: We rank him even higher at PFW.
Thank you for your support :D
Dude got skillz Red! Just waiting on the world to get a hold of you!
Reading reading reading as much as possible. Nothing compares to reading a really god book ;))
Sometimes two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together <U+2665>
I obviously need to seek this out now...
Good morning from Afghanistan. Putting the iPod on random this morning. So far, The Doors, Eminem, Jurassic-5, and Candlebox. Nice.
#sschat Kristen from Philadelphia, PA, teacher of 8th grade SS students & curriculum director Pre-K through 8
What's your favorite late night snack????? I'm gonna go with Doritos
A blessing to hear! Thank you so much my friend! :)
clothing line? i took 3 years of graphic design
Got so many followers but never get any tweets or mentions from any of them. What the hell gives?
Yes, we were arguing. And obviously I wouldn't leave you there since I didn't...
Enjoying a pilsner at Hofbrauhaus Newport.
THE MOON IS RED.
you ads have been superb......until the Marv Albert radio spot...ugh. Rethink .
He made it through HATER RT Donald is going home. Sorry.
I been using the green deep facial cleanser one for bout 2mths and I like it.
Every time #Coach plays #survivor, he ruins it. I hope they never invite him back, but I've hoped that every time.
U my boo thang...
It all comes down to the last person you think about at night.
I'm game. Just tell me where/when. cc/
Where at? Are they tuxedo pants? LOL
coffee in a few?
Girl I really wanna be yo friend!
your car is the envy of all of us that have to rent one every time we have more than two errands to run in one day.
Thank you!
gotta track I'm trying to get out, would you dance to it if you like it, and how much would you charge
Fun fact of the night: Vera Wang has a mattress line!
y'all r awesome and hey how r y'all
I cried when... in lots of moments in my life actually.
Eating a big breakfast at the local diner.. Reading a lot of emails about how our Congress is destroying America. Time to vote them all out!
I would think he means that a librarian is a participant in that education
king. any chance andy or juan get axed? thnx.
Planning a Party? www.PatricksCatering.com
it would make those crime scenes look like art.
Bill, Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan? www.imwithconan.com/petition Thanks
Humber with the Top 10 on Letterman tonight!!! Top 10 thoughts that went through Philip Humber's Mind During His Perfect Game.
I think I will bring a bottle to yoga class this AM and see if anyone has that kind of skill :)
Trying to come up with a plan
And it has been just as painful as the original RT This whole morning has been like living in the "Who's on first?" bit...
oh yeah the one that throws the ball back to you haha my arms r dead after I use tht lbs
I have to wake up in 3 hours, awesome.
Good!! Kutcher is a tool!!
Getting ready for today's #PRSALuncheon! It's been almost a year since I've been to one!
I definitely followed. (:
good to hear. Very scary for sure
A weird # called me and now I am freaking out....
It's quiet. Too quiet. Where are all my callbacks?
RT : We will be closed for repairs and maintenance on Jan. 31 - Fri, February 4. Otherwise, we will be open as normal.
I hear the word "authenticity" used a lot. Projects are no longer simulated - they are authentic
can't work with Amare
Dont act like you cant get smacked!
Wild boar meat sauce
Me 3 MT : me too, great group #oadata RT Spending today & tomorrow @ NSF workshop on data sharing & open science.
yep....damn shame lmao
Just finished my fifth cupcake of the day. Twitter, I think I have a problem.
TAT' MY F/CKING NAME ON YOU, SO I KNOW THIS IS REAL.
really? OMG! I thought we had to do one for each tactic? Did I totally misunderstand in class? That's something I would do...
Dang, rip Chuck Brown
This guy.... na ill get something better (x
hahahaha ok ok I get it sis :P lol
great, I owe a dollar lol
Delays and single tracking this morning on the Red Line. Translated, hope you're comfortable.
uh like only 75% of its a lie cuz like if you cut out "for my age" then it says im intelligent &compared to a 5 yr old, i am
Football is right around the corner. Be sure to catch the action at the valleys premier sports & entertainment viewing, Fox Sports Grill.
FWIW: are way late on getting to sing the National Anthem. She's PDX's Kate Smith.
I just texted and FB'd. Sorry Shawn, no kit tonight! Lol
I've yet to do anything with my Pinterest account. Social media fatigue?
It's #samesexsunday and we are just another day closer to the March on Washington!
would of Been nice if you weren't such a cunt hole after the fight and run out the ring!
Correction ny cops damned iPhone keyboard
I WAS IN THE CAR AND HEART ATTACK CAME ON..LIKE SOMEBODY TRYNNA TELL ME SOMETHINN
haha thank you :)
hi Jen it was wonderful talking with you. You are a real asset to Amigo. Stay productive & lively
Yes please! They have good #nachos! cc:
Songs from District 12 and Beyond is AMAZING. Listening to it on loop.
it's fine im leaving soon
All I'm saying is that its obvious women are more powerful. Anne Boleyn got Henry VI to break from Rome just with the promise of sex.
I have to thank for always doing my eyeliner #likeaboss :)
That's the spirit bro.. but I'm thinking a lot of you are stuck in "fan purgatory" for this series.
Good night chlling with the cousins Codding it up!
I love so much, there is nothing that we can't get through <3
I knew I waited too long for that last dance... RIP Donna Summer.
Yes! I really enjoyed that movie!
In response to the illegalization of same-sex marriages, Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream has changed their "Chubby Hubby" flavor to "Hubby Hubby"
just sent it
Miss Universe Wales pageant kicks off!
lol oh yea what are y'all going to talk about? Morning, Sean :-) RT : Lets talk this evening.
RT Should you REALLY take fitness tweets seriously from a woman who is eating cookies in her avatar?
Trying to pick my workshops for the #GSUcadre event is tough. They all look so interesting!
Working with an iced venti nonfat two pump chai.
My #DailyMindfulness now includes getting outside for at least 15 min each day, whether walking or sitting on the porch. I need nature.
you're a poop face for 3 reasons.
couldve sworn I blocked all ur accounts u cunt
Dear team. So many of you are still at the office and/or home working late. Thank you!
I see. it's all good. You can change it at any time.
HAHA! Man, if your past catches up to you, you're not running fast enough to your future.
I totally understand. I'm moving soon, preferably into my own place.
Just got an audition email from a friend of yours. Kinda funny receiving submissions from people you've actually met. How ya been?
What songs are on your ultimate workout playlist?
Well he shut me up... : Too busy thinking about Pancakes. RT Does Dustin Penner even try?
Doing great thanks! What is new with you? I haven't been on here because I am getting ready to start a new job Monday!
you chose the wrong time to quit.
I got v motivated this winter with int rates so low reading the spex thread but didnt take first step of re club networking
Keep us updated on the status of your pup! All the best...
Happy Easter! Enjoy today with your family and friends! God Bless! xo - Astute Artistry
Happy hour is right around the corner!!! Come on down to the #firestonedistrict and see what's going on &...
Robin, you forgot the most obv one!
But then again i guess #ForeverAlone has already been determined for me. lol
YOU KNOW IT!!
An old story at Boston College tells of a 'roided up Romanowski destroying an entire wall in his house senior year. Anything goes with him.
Every girl has a perfect man. And he calls it in a simple "daughter".
Sorry about trouble w/commenting on the blog! will find out what's going on with that! Might explain why few comments lately!
Wake up and Zaxby's is waiting in microwave for me. Love this!
Dear Google... Why did you have to change a perfectly fine layout for Gmail? I just spent 5 minutes looking for my calendar.
The twitter handle will change early April to reflect new status. Thanks for coverage!
#ToMyUnbornChild I apologize in advance for whatever horrible name you have, because I'll probably name you after a Star Trek character.
This Beer Christmas I am going to wear a top hat and a sash that says "Mayor" and see what the fuck happens
Lunch , getting served by the big man himself!
My dad just referred to Tom Waits as "that noise", he couldn't hear his shitty Martin Lawrence film. I am born of uncultured philistines.
follow me please :)
Thanks for following(: <3
So awesome to see how connected you are to the G.I. Joe community sir! Retalition looks brilliant and I think most of that is you.
lol i know. i cant wait to see what he does next time it happens
good nite, swett dreams, or should I say your hockey player fantasies! Enjoy. Lol
Thad Young to the locker room
Thanks for swinging by today! Hope you have a great #4sqday!
Contempt for human life is very rampant & disturbing esp when perpetrated by so-called Christians due to the racialization of Christianity
Just learned I get a surprise Sunday funday with my boo tomorrow! My weekend just got brighter!
you guyss inspire me to do the bestt i can do at errythangg !! lol .. I LOVE YOU GUYS
William T. Young library?
Off all weekend for the fist time in years and
Haha! How ironic is that! Love it. Make sure u keep an eye on for me!
HA! Well, I meant putting your headshots/demo reel on a miniature storage device as opposed to like a cd or something.
Lalwz. This is Stewart's personal vision of loss, thankfully not trespassing into any shared reality.
That explainsh a lot. Shorry about that.
"Blue skies, nothing but blue skies do i see"
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)3
#GirlsShould learn how to PROPERLY put on #makeup ! Call us at (248) 477-5548
Clothes...off u go! lol
Our DV service is down and email is not functioning! HELP! Support ticket 1386643
Oh politics. The conversations with grandpa.
Fucking 3 weeks since i been on here and i still cant #Follow anyone back. Twitter is bullshit
A love hate relationship is...
I used to care, but I take a pill for that now
Mom quote of the day on the subject of family: "I feel like a referee at a WWF event in an insane asylum."
Haha I'mma reactivate my other one for today. It's gonna be a rough day for me so I need smiles(:
George Jones birthday is today. Guess that means I will be able to hear "Dirt Road Anthem" on every country radio station. :-)
From the visitors section at Camp Randall! #gobeavs RT How will you watch the Beavers vs. Wisconsin game?
Study mode
Fri we'll b starting 2 move some props 2 r new rehearsal space at the Shops of Grand Ave & rehearsing 4 5/26 performance!
yeah, one day. Maybe, I will someone this year. I've been wanting to go to Canada.
I has doing that Monday. I wish I could of reached through the web to get at them.
Another Side of Bob Dykan is great. My back Pages is my fave track before he went electric!
Helen Hayes Recommended - Divorciadas, evangélicas y vegetarianas! continues this weekend. Call 202-234-7174 and ask about discounts!
Shout out to you for the follow fam!
call me asap
FACT: Best Time to Buy Airline Tickets– Tuesday 3pm (Eastern). Deals end by Thursday, so don't wait. You'll save using Mr. Chauffeur too!
I'm not #teamGiants I'm #TeamColts but great job on this superbowl win E.Manning
His fist is big but my guns bigger. he'll find out when I...pull the trigger.
There's no reason you can't do multiple drafts / passes. If you have the desire, run with it. You can always do another pass later.
Starks deserves the TD here...give it to him 4 straight times if you have to..
I'll pretty much watch paint dry in a suite. I'm a casual fan of the band, but I haven't heard a song by them that I don't like ...
Today I learned that aloe vera that cost 100 shillings works just as well in America as it did in Kenya.
Dirks almost hurt a bird
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':16
I am good. I got a job as a dishwasher. How about you?
Great Job Oscar night!!!
Americans: We created everything! World: NO YOU DIDNT! YOUR ARE SUCH LAZY PEOPLE. we made pizza and everything you own.
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 13
it's ok I've got great street cred.
Just kidding (: Got it back . 972 6822(: Text me
nice to finally meet you yesterday. We should chat again sometime when I'm not wearing such a ridiculous outfit.
Thanks for the RTs!
I'm using my personal handle because you keep attacking ME PERSONALLY.
You must get to Homewood sometimes, right? Let me know & we'll meet for a coffee or something!
Do I have any loyal customers that follow us?
is hitting all the right buttons for me today. Now #SocialDistortion Story of my life?! One of my fav albums!
- *so* funny. What happened?
looking out :)
still thinking about whether I should shoot for a Masters degree or not.
Well that's a rap. Thank y'all for coming out had a blast with &
hmm, my 11:11 wish didnt come true cause im still livin' the single life ..
Let's do this! Morning Monday!
Sidenote: My daughter is cuter, smarter and funnier than any little girl I've ever known.
Nobody cares thou
New Orleans is crazy already!! This weekend will be over the top with the NCAA in town! So many stars and drink people:)
RT if the weather in #Madison today has made you happier or more productive than normal!
What harm in drinking can there be, Since punch and life so well agree? ~ Thomas Blacklock
Going one better than the PA bishops, priest announced fasting plus extra adoration on Friday.
That's reality.
are you live or are you just breathing?
Working the grave yard shift [YAWN] too make up for all the buzz today (deadlines 2 meet!) -but definitely worth getting out of the cave :^)
what is the be iconic summer camp
,puts a smile on my face every time I see something like that.
right on Tommy...follow your dreams!
haha had to teach her a lesson. Got to do that sometime
: why is it that the porn star come on the show saying the dumbest stuff, great job bringing the blackmailing to light with her
Samoa Joe got screwed.
My packing bag is wet in the front
Heard from an employee at the Docs today. "I need a scooter. Why, r u ok? Yeah, fine, just sick of walking."
Just discovered using textures with alpha channels screws with sculpties
Mind. Blown. by Sister Helen PreJean.
We'll be posting some pics of galleries and product closeups shortly. Stay tuned!
Thanks for sharing the quote!
YES. RT : RT : I win. has a van confirmed.
Hey guys let's get to 10,000! She's a cool mom! :D go follow her!
Getting ready to #walkALSMilwaukee. What a beauitful fall morning to support a great cause, defeat ALS.
No more mr.nice guy...
Applied for an apartment today! Then discovered there was a bedbug infestation last fall. Not. Again.
Not bad. Downstairs is the place to be.
does anybody play howrse on here?
I'd trade my first born for that Discow!
Thanks Andrea! Hope your mom is doing well.
Well said! You are a philosopher now? :)
Here's to the Mahomies who followed Austin before he became verified.
Who's comin to the stickam chat at 5:30 central time today?!
ack! That would have been horrible
HBD Muhammad Ali RT: "I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was."
Aww thank you so much!!! :D
I agree! It;s like I got up for nothing! Im ready to go back to bed if I don't start seeing some ballons!
so u can pretend to be trying to hold the elevator when someone is trying to catch it
What kind of watch do you wear now? Is it comfortable?
You can still get tix at the door for the 2012 Symposium, but if you can't make it follow tweets from the event with
RT : Is it just me or is the biebs getting cuter w/age?-->ur right.wont b long til a milf gets her mitts on him&rox his sox
Light on my heart. Light on my feet. Light in your eyes, I can't even speak. Do you even know how you make me weak? <3
I CRIED TOO!!! and I'm in class lol
<3 u r amazing
and to top it off, i also forgot i had a choc chip cupcake to accompany...LOL
Oh, yes the SFSFF in July is on my calendar, too!
Can't complain! well, you know...Seriously though, it's a beautiful spring here in the Mile High.
Please text me now. I miss you so badly.
I'm so bored rite now....thank god for friends!!....love y'all.....
Some great projects coming up. One of them could be yours. Free estimates on quality work!
Kilt It! Def Gotta Do More Homie!!!
So u stay single?RT : Relationships has to many fights &amp; arguments &amp; I really dont like that bullshit
Come in today and say Hi to Ruben our guest piercer and get 20% off your jewelry!
I don't think eating cake at 1 something in the morning is a GOOD idea lol Oh WELL
ugh why! you are going on basically all the BTR summer tour dates but you decide to skip july 20th. go from july 19, to the 21
Can't wait to get to NYC grrrr
So... we're deciding on moving the St. Patrick's all nighter to #NYC... since most people can't make it to Boston.
but Taya'll be there. I'll get Siri to help her text you
Tell Toby I told him I believe in his diamond sword swinging ability
this is for lady gaga loved since just dance I wanna know what's your favorite song you have ever made?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN! I hope it's a day full of delicious flavor
who got money on for the first game knicks or heat????
Huntman calls Perry "treasonous" and then smiles. Tea Party crowd boos, then boos Perry 4 providing educations to immigrants
I am not mad at you
Spring Break Miami!!
Sandusky wrote an autobiography called "Touched", he had that totally backwards.
Someone take me to subway!
Carnival carnival carnival #carnival!!!
hustle here, hustle there. hustle me bitch and you best beware.
Weird re no I wonder if my Iphone is dropping the @ symbol because I always use it. Happy to RT your smarties. C
Thanks! We'll be posting that again tomorrow. And we heard the Downton Abbey marathons are pretty good, too.
Blood Drain Angel's Story and many more #fiction #fantasy #vampire #and more
JCCC, you were fabulous hosts. Thanks for having us all over for #SIDLIT !
100th digital short has me still laughing, oh my god. oh my god your facial expressions were priceless
BE SURE to check out our track 'Seasons' on our EP. It features Daniel Ädel, a vocalist of a band you might be familiar with. thall
On Technology: & work to bring broadband & useful technologies into homes of low-income people around the world.
So very happy to hear the good news about your puppy!
Thanks you sweetie «3.
Any type of philosophy in particular?
Parenting involves much more being covered in vomit than I would have guessed.
#TeamShady, send me your instagram names! (:
remember when I used to go to your house everyday? :o
Have a question for Governor Rick Snyder? Send them to today at 12:15pm
A week later, the mustache died in a car accident. The same day as my father's birthday.
my mom just admitted whenever she hears Call Me Maybe or Payphone on the radio she can't listen because is better #fyeah! <3
Made it through a good 15minutes of school.
haha...I dunno. Got stuff on my mind and I'm trying to do hw, what about you?
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY my employee who I reamed yesterday doesn't hate me! I'm such a pansy for caring...
Thank you. I cannot tell you how many made-up Oscar Wilde quotes I have found on the interwebs. Et tu, Goethe?
that's not worth it
If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of every part of your life
I want to live in Canada! They have sexy talented boys up there!
ITS THE WEEKEND BABY!!!!!!
1 of my early bands was 60% gay (singer, drummer, lead guitarist) Me & bassplayer were straight. This was in the early 80's-daring!
Thanks. I'll have to look him up.
ya, that's prob what happened... I heard about it at an AgentRB conference, checked it out, and blew it off..
#1thingicantstand in this life is paying full price for show tickets, check out Heart of the King A Tribute to Elvis on
": Flirtationship: more than a Friendship, less than a Relationship " --I have this with one particular guy friend of mine-sigh-
Love to see trending on Twitter. About to have call with Denver media.
MIAMI tf HEAT!
when the boys tweet something that management will probably delete, *screenshotted*
I'm soaking wet.
Why be acting like dhat!
I feel like an old man. I used to stay up until 4 now I'm tired at 11.
Guys, the cupcake thing is a PROMISE.
5 wardrobe changes tonight by Maria Jose Franco and she rocked her last bulerias with her dress falling off! Ale!
omg i am watching ellen
follow me back foo..
Dedication: MARIA CASTELLANO, Descanza en paz te queremos mucho. RIP. We love you. We'll be there soon. Save us a spot in Heaven.
If you have check in fatigue, you'll be happy to hear - link your to your , ck in on 4sq & you're cked in on Wingman!
Attention ballerinas: Oleg teaches Tuesdays/Thursdays at PNB Mercer at 7pm. Best ballet news in a year, I am getting back into it, yeah!
Its coffee time!
ive never seen so many worthless pieces of shit on the field at the same time... Well aside from bryant denny
hummus! if you dip in ranch, blue cheese, or onion dip, try HUMMUS. so yummy. www.courtskitchen.wordpress.com
Middle option!
MY LIFE STORY lol
true true true. well idk. fell off the planet i guess lol
ITS REALLY TRUE NOTICES EVERYONE BUT. OMG :(
That is disgusting! You should report them to the health department!
i so agree!
At work what up peepZ
I just had the worst breakdown ever. I'm so thankful for my parents, because tonight they made me feel so much better.
Never let someone say you aren't beautiful they must envy something you have
oh legacy culture / "heritage keepers", why do you give us so much heartburn? / cc:
Must be even harder for washed up regular people to spell "athaletes". Let me help you genius, ATHLETES.
TGIF where dreams come true
lol!! I wasn't trying to be but some folks just can't drive.
So jealous of everyone at cotillion.
Critics Say Gates's Anti-Polio Push Is Misdirected
Senate Minority Leader Bakk says he'll guarantee only 12 DFL votes on Senate stadium bill, based on the number of GOP votes for Twins in '06
Findin myself listenin to on FB when I should be chatting w/fraands instead but listenin 2 their music is way better!
have you checked out THE EROTIC CHALLENGE .com 50k and a modeling contract info
the same, living this college life...ready to come home doe
lol you must not have sensed the assload of sarcasm, I was not serious
I wish my parents still trusted me
Mom complaining again... :(
So true! Just found out a woman I greatly admire has stage 4 pancreatic #cancer. You just never know!
": Homeless logic: Why live in a $200,000 dollar home, when I can live under a $5million dollar bridge?"
well thank you. I am glad you like! ;)
Im the lab with $impSet! It's about to be a very HOT Summer! #G Ent. Lumbajack Baby!!
Fine Featherheads launched their new website today! What do you think? Who's sporting feathers this Summer??
my boyfriend <3 >
The next step is to register the business with the relevant government authorities
An Albuquerque crime scene, where two were shot. Drunk, a woman drove through it—crashing into two police cars—her three-year-old with her.
Rock on Stacie!
with you on all of then but Randle...unless Houston prefers him to Hill
What's up?
We together know all the words to California Girls by the Beach Boys. As if you didn't know who wrote it.
Did you know Mr. Filene was behind Daylight Savings Time? Yes, the dept store guy. Learned that from my colleague
How many receptions you got Welker getting in 2012?
killd 210 calories. Then had a guinness- d'oh!
Who is a
": The be getting all teary eyed n sentimental n shit talking bout "I love u Marrryyyy Jaaaannnneeee!!!""
Yeah, I think so. I think it was just a box. I didn't see inside.
thx! that's Lab#1, died in 2009, missed every day; Lab#2 will be 1yr on Mon. I think I know some McM staff who will also miss u...
stop treat blocking me sir
wow.... Ha remember the one I did on paint of you and put it on fb?
Will he bring a San Antonio Show!!! Ladies and gents show some love and follow our new tour manager !
wasn't too bad they gave me the questions before but it was pretty speculative and up for debate, whats ur email address
we're all the way at the end of the hall. Door's always open if we're there, but it's usually nights + wknds. Say hi if you see us!
good idea but impossible to execute in 24hr.Check out a hack wich follows Sheet music as u play.
OMG..Chad Ochocinco had a fan appreciation dinner here in Charlotte and he tweeted about it and I wasn't online to get the tweet. FML!!!!
get his hair cut with a razor for a 3-D effect on the week ends
Not really! xD
What is your favorite thing about baseball? Comment and let us know
Just drove by McPherson square, where police have just started clearing out the #OccupyDC protesters
RT RT“: Um can u just forgive me and come cuddle???? #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>illdoanything”
We're sorry we missed #npface! Definitely will be at next month's...
C'mon you've got to admit he's pretty cute :) Thanks for the birthday wishes.
where in freehold?
God the Colorado House fails again..Hope McNulty is voted out
Kush & Leather - L.E.P.
Oh, it was me! I'll have to go to Target like rightthissecond.
if yall got 1 special person in yall life hold on to them..
Ion like this shit....at all
don't let your exotic animals on the loose and then commit suicide. but hey, i can keep a tiger in my backyard...legally?
maybe it would smell better if they used the "pink slime"?
Preparing for a Yard Sale is hard work!
I wish I was a black girl so I didn't have to shower my hair
Paddles are flying up! AMAZING!!! Thank you for your support! #Gratitude #WellsFargoHere+Now
I don't want to freak anyone out here, but I've decided to do brunch recipes on 86tr all week. Just a heads up.
anytime! I hope all turned out well. Blessings! †
To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem, and to express it his dedication.-Marlon Brando
WHY DID YOU CHANGE YOUR TWITTER NAME I WAS LIKE WHO THE FUCK IS TWEETING ME????????
Last punch bowl poll for tonight -- 9 outta 10 - want the dashing Lawrence Zarian talking fashion for #OTRC rather than social networking
My phone all Fucked up. But just got d.new LG. So I'm bout to get this fixed
That should have happened long long ago... RT : Officially lost respect RT : Rihanna said she's a raider fan
I like how all my friends go and add you.
Work as if you don't need the money.
buy a beat for 200 and record for 2hrs free!!..
totally agree. I'm a huge Norton fan, but Ruffalo was fantastic!!
Everyone should listen to Takk with their enemies and instantly become best friends.
Thanks dude!
Ugh. I need a drink.
filming for continues tomorrow!
I am well. Working through my life, my life, my life, my life, in the sunshine. LOL. #workinprogress Be well.
My mcdonalds was delivered...be jealous >:D
trying to get used to Hootsuite. Apparently I'm failing. LOL Finally tweeted the right person.
Tori Spelling needs to stop getting pregnant and start making So NoTORIous again
Thank you so much!! Have a fantastic weekend!
are yall 4 sure that email add is correct. i then sent it twice and it keeps coming back to me saying it failed.and i double check
Hands down, the crayfish trap built for me is the best ever. He has talent.
is it july yet?
So true!
Honor bespeaks worth. Confidence begets trust. Service brings satisfaction. Cooperation proves the quality of leadership. James Cash...
you al should watch Haxan.
I am such a fan...one of my favorite movies is Very Bad Things and of course I Love Entourage
doh question mi :p
m so hungry for a big juicy burger right now! lol
Has anyone adjusted to this time change yet?
Just got my stubhub tickets for the 28th, mail order, hell yeah! Ticket looks amazing... looking for 29-31, otherwise it's
I really, really wish both of my finals were tomorrow.
If you pre-order your Limited Edition print today or Friday and request a specific #. We can deliver to you at Sat. game!
K-State wildcats possible big 12 champs!!
I can't tell if this movie is going to be really good, really bad, or simply a cult classic
almost dead battery means time to sleep! tomorrow is another tweet day!:)
Is today the day you become a leader? Leadership Learning Collaborative offers leadership training--it about how you learn to be a leader!
At #redlobster m.....
haha that sounds like a plan! Maybe prince charming will meet me there too ;)
that can be any woman not just black women. I think it takes the right man to bring out that side of a woman.
#Maang hasn't updated to #Socialtext 5 b/c of UI customizations. We're working w/ NSW Dept. of Ed to update, hopefully in December
thanks for the follow as well
Already turning out a pretty good day. XP
Man I hope Tyson Gay beats Usain Bolt this summer!
u better give me dat date earily so I can keep it open fa u
Been waiting to see this episode.
Let's go pacers!!!
Teeth are always in style
sounds great ! It's perfect because I can finally teach Zayn how to swim (;
Finally made it to class on time.
Do people mature or do they just change?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : Every girl's best friend is a hoe who gives bad relationship advice.
beach bound listenin to that new ANGREY!!!!!! We winnin
Ha that was random! XD
RT : Deborah Logan says Gartner sees definite change in relationship among/between legal, IT and the CIO: "they DO get it"
I think I just fell in love with "Off Da Chain"
cool story bro. tell it again...
true... I'd rather be best friends than a creep....
And fun times we had
S/O to the homie . He has great tweets. Keep up the great work..
: GO BOOBIE! Love you!>> Thank you boo!!! Love you more!!
Ima get my jesus tat asap!
eat less
For all of you cheering for #cardinals...I CANNOT USE MY TICKETS if the Sunday game is at home. NEED #phillies to win.
GRAMMY's!!!!! 2 of my favs already performed tonight! yay!
#Shakespeare or #Anonymous? The discussion begins!
So get naked?
We can't ever be specific about the future and therefore we must continue to be flexible and adjustable.
Lol, im in the mod to spam you(;
love 'the wave' sequence in the new photoblog
okk then :P
Happy Jackie Robinson Day! 65 years ago, the color barrier was broken in baseball. There is no room for bigotry in baseball!
Some blk folks are really f'ed up in the head abt colorism and don't even know it. Smh
The bar just went crazy during Subway's in-game feature during El Clasico. Obtrusive advertising
LetterThree provides individualized solution-based training for your GAs. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
if it ain't family, im only chillin wid a selected FEW
good choice they always either Work Hard or Go Home...its up to u to choose Even if i came with instructions you cou ...
TheatreSports Team, 7pm tonight. See you there. Our First Show, 8pm Friday. SEE YOU THERE. Lunch, noon in my kitchen. See you there?
The only Justin Bieber song I've ever liked is one time. But I'd never admit that to you assholes
Happy Holidays!Our Metric location is open on X-Mas Eve from 8am to 12pm and closed on X-Mas Day.Our Central Park location will be open 24/7
I Loves The Music <U+2665> <U+266B>
Not sure exactly...still researching. But I'd love to talk to anyone who lives there
I suppose figuratively we're all waiting for the wall to dry... umm sorta kinda
Grandma always said: If you ain't got nothing good to say then don't say it at all...
actually I'm headed to Louisville.
Hehehe, my realtor just came over with a sold sign. Loosening the cranky pants.
We would love to. Been to Haiti 3x but never to Labadee.
hahaha awww. You are too kind! :)
Omg my bus was just in a car accident. Ahh
Aw. :'( What happened to your shoulder? :/
srsly: that is what I said day0 on Twitter, and now look.
we are going to start mapping that :)
awesome you deserve it because of all the hard work you have done:)
Did anybody take any photos or video last night? We'd love to see!
I know, it sucks but you wouldn't want me someone I'm not, right? :)<3<3<3<3<3
That would be an awsome idea for actors like myself
Overheard my 7yr. old talking about using the toy phone in ways MY phone can't function!
I'm thinking about sex cause I just woke up a minute ago!!!!! ;)
These niggas rap wit no emotion
Thank you!!!
i cant laugh cry or sneeze or cough or move without being in pain blahh :/
I love my birthday and my bestest friend. They are amazing!!!! And love being 16 !! It rockss
Happy Mothers Day to my momma, i love you.
! Love the #bipartisan tweet abt #space #exploration.. guess they can find common ground on another planet!
RT : Are you an Austin teen interested in joining Youth Spin? If so, email us at ! Spread the word!
I love staying up so late on Sunday. No school all week :)
This guy is so stupid!!!
I got my baby red back. Haha
When there are no tears all hope is gone....
latest obsession? #lookbook.nu -- love seeing the latest #fashion from all around the world
. proving there is no substitute for great songwriting. Floored.
The dog days are over
be waiting all day would love to see
hey Christian I followed you
Your job is an inside one. To change your world, all you have to do is change the way you feel inside. How easy is that?
Here goes D-Wade now! Knicks look so stagnant out there, they need to keep the ball moving #Basketball101 the ball moves faster than the man
My day has been hectic since yesterday, sleep felt like a nap, & it wont be over til Sunday morning! #LordGiveMeTheStrength <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We are working on it!!
RT : It's 's birthday you guys
Wearing out my "last" button switching between golf and Sox. Was Rory's 3 wood real life?
Really like this! Via "Makerspaces not about the technology but about providing the tools needed for creating things."
Morning Alert is done time for Crossfit. Missing my Babe who is working in San Antonio this week!
I'll never forget you. You'll always be in my heart no matter how much you hurt me.
Sounds delightful! We heart !
Dawn is a feeling, A beautiful ceiling. The smell of grass Just makes you pass Into a dream
I think we are both right.
Wasn't terribly impressed by the trailer.
Think i may go to the braves game
Why is this guy talking?
in florida :)
counting on you bringing higher quality here than FB! I RT things from my phone to look at later. You'll see odd things.
PickUpLine: Your chest looks a little sore. Would you like me to rub it?
About to start the day. I have a lot to be grateful for. Have a fabulous day everyone!
Thanks Kyler! How do you recommend finding publishers in your genre?
That means we have to be like, BFF's and hang out all the time.
God's bellow to the unloved - "I love you despite your best efforts and inspite of your worst efforts." -- Soul Supply ()
Three goose dresses?
Samples and Drops are up and ready! Check them out, and more, on #productionvault!
We can't wait to hear the new songs and for SF Bay Area tour dates! I hope that you come to again!
Power couples and download moguls climb up rich list ladder
"I'm all in favour of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters." --Frank Lloyd Wright
what has done to you?!
Sometimes I really wished other people got my sense of humor. My sense of myself-ha, instead its gratified, lonely, and strangely confidant.
Cheers to the weekend:) 10 more minutes.
ILL never ceases to be exciting, even though I'm in #libraryschool. WHAT! You mean I can get books sent to me for free?!
I hereby rename Turkey: Ostrich. Now, let's ostrichize those terrorist bastard evil liberal muslim Obama loving promiscuous WEIRDOS.
can you DM me w/email I have photos to send of Van Diest and Boy's & Girls club. I'm at Helen K taking photos.
We had a great time playing w/ in Cincinnati, OH. Really enjoyed hanging with the crowd!
My apartment smells like stink bugs!! Yuk
*signing off*
Ready for new mobile device-trying to work & can't!
smells like california.
hi Nicole! Just cookin dinner, stressing over work and seeing Friday on the horizon, typical Wednesday!
Drinking water is like religion.
#NP drake-shot for me! <3
follow me please :-) <3
Hey buddy, I know crying babies on an airplane can be annoying, but no need to call me a 'baby'...
When Tony Horton tells me to hydrate, I wonder if coffee is acceptable?
sad you're in LA and I would love to meet you :( one of my favorite players good luck
aww..your just saying that O_O
Ow i can totally understand it so good luck with that :)
“Do it big, do it right & do it with style”… But most of all DO IT NOW! *Audition for the 2011 NEW JERSEY SKY DANCERS !!*
LOL...that's our hedgehog not my morning hairdo :)
yourself included ;p that's just what happens when you get a bunch of gays on Twitter I guess lol
White Shorts >
Is nobody going to mention Beverly Ctr? RT Worst parking LOT is def CVS/Whole Foods @ 3rd & Fairfax
The feeling of inferiority rules the mental life and can be clearly recognized as the sense of incompleteness and unfulfillment
so that bum ass DEA agent tried to question my intelligence today....in my own home........need I say more
I'm very proud of the promo we just cut for our new client. Team is knocking 'em out of the park right now!
Missing him like crazy<U+E408>...what r u peeps up to?
My internet went out so I called the company, but apparently they won't just give me my neighbor's new wifi password.
No Way Out With A Smile
you better. (;
Nope. She's still for sale. Just threw some new 45s in her tonight - and every time I do that it gets harder to part.
At 6am on Thurs., 10/20, the library will test the fire alarms to ensure that all of the alarms in Rm 3250 were properly reconnected. FYI.
I love Sundays!!!
MM = Mainstream Media. AP is not some "weird" thing, it's natural!
I love DC! It has been years since I have visited. I love going in the spring during the cherry blossom festival!
RT : Headline of the day: "Silence is no longer Goldman" (FT)
3 days left to take advantage of $25 Thai Acupressure for Orthopedic Disorders clinic treatments.
One direction is my life.
Do writers do something similar with fanfic in their off time, or is it just an artist thing?
What?! Never heard about that one.
He and Nick Nolte are tanning buddies.
--agreed. i found out recently that he started out as a trumpet player originally in ATL before the move northeast in the mid 50s...
I just said "I miss Kate and Garrett" and you tweeted at that very moment. Crazy.
#thingsisaidinthe90 Step On A Crack you Break ya Mamas Back.
We love the weekends and bloody mary specials!
follow me ? Pleasee
Just watched your 2010 TED talk - loved it. "stories are data with a soul" will b very useful for me as I work with researchers.
WE ON
Click through the presentation on this page for a preview, and thendownload the entire presentation as a PDF filefor your own use
Lol at Pittsburgh weather.
RT : MIX IT UP! “Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.”—Albert Einstein
does neone respect the #redskins anymore? they r in shambles RT : Tampa Bay Bucs take over the Redskins center field
preciate it but gone on duck
Shazam can identify Backstreet Boys but not The Cars?!
couldn't agree more.
LOL My gotta love my father... He's like 'I'm positive it's a vagina'.. And I'm like 'Whatever you say dad...'
HENRY AARON is a man who can admit to his faults. PAUL RYAN is a man who believes he has NO FAULTS. PAUL is in total DENIAL. NLD Mom
we love you all year round
#TRUTH <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT : Two stubborn people don't mix. In ANY relationship!
i hear ya brother.
This Damn mikes isn't doing shit . So much for pre gaming . Lol
Infrastructure Project Manager - 85k - 100k - Direct Hire - Looking for Hands-On Technical Process Oriented Individuals w/ Exposure to EMC,…
That awkward moment when there are so many people around that you can't see the teacher giving the combination...
thanks 4 the follow!! I followed back :-)
Chartlotte's Tangled Web
a family go on my Facebook page and check out the track. Should be your way tomorrow. Type-Phillip Pakman Kevil
I rather be in #MrsGalvan class than this
congrats on graduating!
Still moving and I still hate it.I'm following followers right now so FOLLOW!!!!!!!#GRAND .lol.
WORLDWIDE SUPERFEST COMING TO LONG ISLAND IN JUNE!! LOOKING FOR TALENT /646-407-9076
If the NFL and players can agree to a cba. The republicans and democrats can reach an agreement to raise the debt ceiling.
Got to much shit done today I swear
Your friend is CRAZY!!!! Jerk Machine is that deal
well it has been a good day up until i heard about what people have been saying about her
Support is always welcome. :) Just having trouble getting motivated today, I guess.
Too bad, it was a great night. How long are you in town?
Swop heat check there
it does!
and on the #TribeFest main stage. Neither considers themselves 'super jewish' but both are proud today!
I think I found a sample
And why are you tweeting this?
Entrepreneurs Organization event at Xai Hwood with David Logan "Tribal Leadership" on corporate culture!!!
thanks for tweeting, we wish you could be here!
please take a vacation. I love you, but you're getting to thin. Still sexy, but not as healthy looking
Just bought my cap and gown... quite depressing.
Oh no - 3 hours of sleep is not good. I just had too much caffeine too late yesterday!
Never tell someone they look like Moby
": MornTing>>>>RT : Good morning"u coming home
no here there not there there
It's modern-day slavery, you know? Vikings RB Adrian Peterson (salary: $10 mil) on how #NFL owners treat players. No, I don't know, Adrian.
Thanks for the following the Science Siblings! Thanks also for making science fun for everyone!
And the waiting begins... I think rocked it, we'll find out scores in about 2 hours....
words of wisdom if i've ever heard them!
must be clubbing... where every girl thinks she's a "10".
Changing managers won't do a poop, it's all about the CEO/Owners. An MLB skipper is only as good as their players and the money they spent
Report the site as spam, under Report Abuse, he is scraping other sites and CLAIMING as his own !!
I should probably take those when I have stressful bath's.
Goodnight I Love You too Kayla.
Well jeez, if ya wanna get smacked around, just ask.
You've gone too far this time, you have neither reason nor rhyme, with which to take this soul that is so rightfully mine. -Mumford and Sons
Must own andriod apps.... and go!
Maybe I shouldn't rep your crew then.
Thanks for the article: Is transitioning to become a 'Natural Girl' a BIG choice?
Recent example: honey, you're 2 years old and you want to play in the snow without gloves? Enjoy! Lesson quickly learned.
kk :) you should follow she is so sweet
To you can get me a double cheese burger I'm dying for one haven't had one since before soccer season
I base my decisions on what is best for the people of the 9th district, I will continue working to lead Southern WV forward.
Can it really be that easy to just step thru and into a different life. Yes It is that easy.Make the step!
you didn't invite me?! Wow, you're cool. Lol jkjk, HAPPY BIRTHDAY GUURL! <3 I hope it's amazing. (:
And GC gets another powerplay goal to go up 2-1 with a minute left. In the 2nd prd
I miss yo ass!;/
hope you haven't done you-know-what this morning
Chinese food with the fam(:
Goodnight Darlings! :) <3
condoms are for pessimists
Love has 4 letters, but so does hate; friends has 7 letters, but so does enemies; truth has 5 letters, but so does lying.
Do you or someone you know how UG Design experience in the automotive industry? Send them my way!
Lol yes BEAT LA! BEAT LA!
#OnlyAtTU will "Hit It To The Beat"(Ah) be your favorite club song if you're not from Jersey
well guess what!? I'm coming home Thursday! And I'll be home all weekend.. #bakedgoodsexpected :)
I love snail mail too!
Old school music >
I care about Dem Damn Germuns
looking forward to watching your continued success. We will catch up soon.
I want chocolate.
Thank you! It WAS cold yesterday (esp in AM) & yup, told makeup artist "Please do anything to make me look more my age!" :)
I hope they make it to the 2nd round
Very very wise words. Always a new insight with you!
today is the day! Officially 18 #finallylegal ah, happy birthday
with that sales tax?? Idk man
LOVE THIS! Keep it goin! : alright food scene people, this food truck court thing is going to happen. contact me if interested.
Just got word that my article "Participatory technologies, pedagogy and information literacy" is going to be published in Library Hi Tech!
#TurnToYou is so inspiring<3 my momma was a single parent for the 1st 8 years of my life, she's made me who I am today(":
I thought my Krispy Kreme 2012 calendar was awesome...but I just got a one that I think I like even better.
Right? After she goes to bed, I just want to sit here in silence for a while to decompress from all of the noise of the day.
In November, TPS placed an article in a mgt. pub for a company that handles online sales tax collecting.
Just waking up in the morning knowing your mine, makes me Happy.
chairs are always fun
This newest war on the poor is bigger than I've ever seen.
and now u going home with him": I just got hit on by a gay man at the airport .lol"
Right now, USD 995.00. I'm going to a demo in NYC next month to learn more.
lol ya ok keep on lieing everything to everyone is a lie, play around ik what ur next job will be hahahhahahaha so screw u :)
You sexxy boo
The Third Year Art Show closes tomorrow. Have you seen it yet?
All right, thanks. And i saw you today. you looked pretty!
The big plan for this morning... Rocknocerous!
hey Michael.. Dm me maybe?? ;)
“: Well, what do women say when a man asks their age?” same with weight. Im sure
I've been waiting all day, for you to call me baby! <3
we are doing our anti rain dance!
Are you ready for some football???
I'm wondering what folks think about Johnston's argument that #PBIS is not a new scientific approach? Is it?
#BiggestTurnOff.. When a guy play like he got more going on then he does... I respect u mre if u keep it real! Gssssh
nope is my other secret boyfriend sorry Eric! (: haha
Grab a script from the Star Cast website and start practicing! You never know until you try! I am sure you'll do great! :)
Your facial hair is sexy ;)
or Ben Stiller is only 5'7" which I think he is
have you read "The Ask" by Sam Lipsyte? I think your sense of humor would appreciate it deeply.
I'm going to have the greenest summer of my life.
Hey Sarah, so have friends & family gift you travel cash on our website and send yourself to Disney World!!
need at least 100 answers! ;)
I wish i had a social life
Looks good!
Lotsa love to u too Arya! U are so so sweet :} love you!
skulls and cookies... I like it!
wit you fine self... Lol
Actually we might see what spot is like tonight. I heard he got all the women. Lol
are you coming to WNIT game tonight at Gill?
Raise funds to fight brain cancer Nov 19th 6-10 pm @ Arden Hills Country Club in Sac. To purchase tix & for info visit www.jrstebbins.org.
My annoying ass voice <
up early. lots of italian roast coffee, live #StradeBianche, hard group ride then taking kids to a bday party. all by 11. love saturdays!
My cousins are playing cards. Never been my thing. So I'm drinking wine and daydreaming, two things at which I excel.
sup, im here with The Invisibles work on the Collins AVE proj. gettinit in.. S/O Dade Co. 305
Good Afternoon. It looks like we will have sunshine the next few days. If you take off from work early. Have a great Memorial Day weekend.
Barbara Berrie, chemist from Natl Gallery, talking about her work at intersection of art & science
my hommie cant believe she graduated threw her 20,000$ told her congratulations!
SHE TWEETED ME LMAO
Early Voting starts tomorrow Mon October 18, 2010. See hours & locations for both Miami-Dade and Broward counties
I'm bored...but I don't want to go to sleep yet!! Lol
Can't bring myself to do my Xmas shopping. Hate traffic. Hate crowds. Hate lines. It's too late to order things online.
what is a #bubblegumboy <nothing even matters>
;swells with one blood made of two.
Holy hot. Never running in this get again!!!!! Wheres the pool!!!?
Freestyle Friday Funny As Hell..!
Experts say that children need to taste something up to 17 times before they become accustomed to the taste. Unfortunately, junk food...
Thanks for bailing us out with tie breaker vote last night. You're the man. #FILive cc:
We’ll safely move your secure PODS container for you. Load and unload when you’re ready, you call the shots.
I got sunburn, over served at beach bar and almost ran into a palm tree .. I feel ya !! HA
#Nevertrustagirl that gets down an hour after meeting her!!
Back focusing is same as EPIC.
I love #hazeleyes I wish eye color turned back hazel instead of light brown. Smh
SQUEEE! RT We're about to give away two pairs of tickets to go see The Hunger Games from ! Will it be you?!
A lady never reveals her secrets! ; ) That's how I #beCHIC. Plus, smelling great doesn't hurt either!
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
how fast are the storms moving east? How long do I wait for lightening to pass? 30 min?
!!!!! RT : T.I. verse on swagger like us is the greatest verse i ever heard
Made it back through the Blizzard from Chicago and spent way too much time waiting on the runway at airport
You just won the Internet. Funniest comment EVER.
that was a tweet from yesterday. Please remove. Not true for today.
cant wait to go to new jerz next week!
4 weeks of awesomeness :]
Off to the second to last game of the season with & friends! Couldn't be a better night on the bay! :)
Introductions going around the crowd now
Damn, my nigga Rooster got all the luck with the females. >:(
Ugh. That was awkward I hate my timing.
she said thank you =) please tell your mommies happy mommy's day too <U+2764>
I really don't wanna get up :(
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? We understand. Check out the latest posting on Antengo and find what you're looking for in minutes!
server issues- have not been able to sell them yet. Keep trying!
now I see how it is.
I know John. Just got bored and can't stand Internet thugs! Later boo.
I was stuck in a meeting today, responding to hypothetical questions that never would occur however the user would not stop asking questions
WTF Wednesday at SUITE w/ Richie Rich tonight. Click attending to get the password
Breakfast = Green Monster Smoothie: frozen banana & strawberries, peanut butter, vanilla yogurt, almond milk & 4 c baby spinach
Thunder I'm trying to sleep...
that's true but if your startup needs espresso, try :)
Twinkie if you have time in your evening on Monday be sure to watch me@ 10 pm on Outlaw Empires on Discovery Channel bless you
I have you living life like you should, you never had it
Whew! I just finished adding our new film to Without-a-box. Now we will be able to submit to festivals online. Looking forward to it!
When I order pizza this late
group speech meeting
Thank you Suzanne Bradbeer! Hope to see you later at Fab, if not soon. ;)
And it goes great with steak and veggies on the grill!! : The first Bell's #oberon ale of the season is always so so nice
Great work on your community efforts & donating extra food
There's a power outage at my place. Looks like I'll miss JV tonight.
is psyched that the sox are finally back in 1st place...
I've been waiting for an hour already lol
Every GM in the league goes to the draft. You are hurting your credibility by saying it doesn't matter if ours is there.
Learning to make beats and loops in This is fun!!
Who loves to clean? :-)
I'm used to it now...hardly phases me!
And I'll pretend like I've got something to say, but I've got nothing.
2 cups of coffee down, about to brew a new pot. still in bed. reading, looking for work, dreaming of Paris..
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Had one for abt 3 mo & love it! Kept constant signal while traveling I-95 from Raleigh to Philly last week for #PLA12. Shazam!
Im hella out of shape! LOL cant wait for spring soccer (:
It's so hard to remember to tweet sometimes : /
Quit 'hanging' on our every word.. tee-hee
Will America get bored with "Jersey Shore" and it's spin off shows?
Doing a report on the great state of New York! Haha
Can't wait until the day drops out of engineering and enrolls in culinary school to become a #cake specialist
Amazing. RT I’ll bet Michael Richards is thrilled that he’s no longer the most-hated UHF cast member.
yes! email me at clint dot laskowski at gmail
THANK YOU for being a terrific student! Enjoy the summer and keep me updated on your endeavors and successes.
Watching Nikita with Viggle Fri | 8PM | Cox San Diego KTLA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
A good Crapshoot rehearsal !
There is something BIGGER to fight over. I cant wait to talk about this on my news series. Some may be offended but its necessary.
Sorry I'm so late! Heard Melanie on Diane Rehm show re Mrs. Tom Thumb; wonderful discussion; can't wait to read!
I want a snow come right now <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>
Of course our new student worker hit print. It's been spewing and beeping for about 10 minutes now.
Thanks for ReTweeting our selection of videos! Keep up the good work and enjoy our videos! ;-))
back in indy
Thanks for being part of the Wednesday night fun mob!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Hey thanks so much for posting my music! I will DM you the album DL codes.
case hospitalized 2 yr old suffering potential renal failure due to E. Coli #askTVDr Ask your questions live.
On 3/9/12 will B throwing a pizza party & giving NETS tix to 25 FRESh students Thnks &
The ready set concert was off the hook last night!
me i followed
You're seriously dumber than a dead monkey. I replaced "who" with "that."
February 1983 The final episode of M.A.S.H. is aired.
ok, keep us posted please, we are here if you need us.
She did it her way.
love you too grill <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
these kids are just jealous. justin and selena are so cute together, and she makes him SO HAPPY. he deserves it
Oh! That sounds good - hadn't heard of it. Thanks!
inbox me your email. I'll send it to you.
#SDCC SyFy party tickets? RT : Passed 118,000 followers today. Time to give something away. What do you want?
What have these NBA players ever done for US!? Fuck lebron and his narcissistic "press conference". Kiss my ass.
You will take my advice to heart :) For I am a music industry veteran!
Its a nice day 2day so enjoy it why u can!
Got to see and tonight in Portage, IN it was a sick show!
in one of your classes in my workplace today - saying hello
Lord lift me up and let me be directly in your will!
#GodDamn I miss the music scene in Portland
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons.
When will we get an Android App for ?
I always say the best meals are shared. But sometimes being alone at midnight and eating exactly what you want is just what you need.
What was your most memorable holiday gift as a kid?
Just because one person doesn<U+FFFD>t seem to care for you, doesn<U+FFFD>t mean you should forget about everyone else who does.
CAN YOU TELL ME WHERE THERE'S A MCDONALDS? DO YOU UNDERSTAND? MCDONALDS?
Me and itali are still up watching...phineas and ferb
RT: not boys, they grown men, lol>> Yes they look like me but they are still puppies! #BIGDogs lol
just don't add frozen strawberries...
Thank you :)
send a shout out to get me followers ppplllzzz and i will send u a shout out
Thank you. :) I don't have regular TV to watch you tonight but I'll check in with you tomorrow after I watch via Hulu.
F*cking pathetic.
that would look good die cut
It's smooth sailing for Susan Sarandon as she gears up for her daughter's wedding .
What is a Bible quote you hold close to your heart?
#ABA update: helpful re worker class issues & plans: include language in plan stating if ct finds ind cont to be cl ee, ee will be eligible
well i may go DT today
Hey tweet me numbers and I'll tell you what I like best about your account: •ICON •BIO •USERNAME :)
My boyfriend is sucha sweetheart!
do you have half this problem? RT : This watermelon tastes fattening.
Lets disco! :-)
Well, this is a first.
Does someone want to bring me lunch? Zaxby's preferably...
Just got home from school :)
Girls these days need to chill with the make-up. The goal is to look pretty not like a damn clown
28,350 to start Day 2 of Irish Open.
Thanks for the follow! You're awesome! :D
and his ERA will probably be 6.8 as well.... another bandaid attempt we need Willis (DET) for Suppan and the change in scenery
That's When I Want It & When I Need It .
Sometimes, DMT happens.
Can you speak?? Or just sign?
"my nigga!" Haha ": Killing yall niggas on that lyrical shit, mayonnaise colored benz I push miracle whips."
[raises hand]
I couldn't stop even if I wanted to. It's been too fun!
I got 230,560 points playing Temple Run. I'm hype, it's not high but i suck at games
Stuffed like a turkey on thanksgiving
Closed tonight for maintenance, metal flame retrofit.
Glad to have you following us, Thanks!!! Have a great day, we are following you as well.
Senior Breakfast , Real breakfast , gym , tanning , sweet 16 time.. Sounds like a solid friday
I have no clue what Rush is but I have to agree #TVDfamily is always amazing most of my supporters are
i know lol
he wears his swagger on his forehand. he should shave into a nike sign and make some money.all the teenagers will want one.
thank you! Anxious & excited at the same time :)
Listening to the podcast right now... I <3
Got my brad paisley ticket!!
So trippy mane you can call me juicy ginaaaa
what happened on saturday night
Which natural satellite in the solar system do you find most interesting?
4/21 pacers play Philly, game is at 7 and he's having a concert at 5 I think
Ok seriously, I'm bawling.
#LivewithKelly I am a New England Patriots go Pats
Same to you! Looking forward to your new series! <3
nice job today Teri. Did u find the aid we left u?
aw man, tease! Looking forward to seeing it!
yeah, it's great, thanks!
Actually pretty excited about tomorrow
If I'm driving back to Houston we gone get there way faster.
with the gazelle legs :p
Have you ever traveled a long distance to do your favorite outdoor activity? Share your experiences!
they ain't got nothing on you
oh ya, cause he totally knows who you are(; haha
Well played!
hi julie! march 2nd at the Red Devil Lounge right near our house.
2nd day @ #ala10 and still no lanyard, what gives?
Went to therapy today, retail therapy.
Fujifilm Unveils Aspire CRm Digital Mammography System
I would b a professional golfer just to play in these first three tournaments in Hawaii
Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame. -Erica Jong
Amen! Proud to be a Marylander!
"Mama said there'd be days like this"...
I want longer haaaaaaaiiiiiirrrrrr.
Futility Closet is a new fav of mine.
I would have been too
It reminds me thats its not so bad..
i love the aquarium there!
Thanks. Did you upload your baby pic somewhere where I can see....
can ur fans get a new picture of u guys 2gether
#BuildDayMemories when accidentally hammered his thumb & couldn't use it for a month.
you boys seem up to the challenge
Have you written your list and checked it twice to give for Colorado Gives day tomorrow? www.givingfirst.org
I just signed up for the RBMS preconference tour of the Barnes Foundation despite the high price tag..anyone else going?
If I see one more Education Connection commercial ..... -.-
whats for dinner?
at the beach - cloudy, but warmer than Atlanta. Taking the new doggie to the beach this morning.
thanks man.
The Palace is a fantastic place for your engagement & wedding shoots. Contact or (502) 736-1249 for more info.
Sitting at the piano, I figured 40 minutes had gone by. Turns out it was 90. In the zone!
got it! See you at the races..
I wish CTA conductors would do that more often. People who try to board without letting others deboard are assholes.
good luck EY we are behind u. Go rox!!!
Yay! Thank you !
Some girls really have no taste in dresses..
YOUR SEXY.<33333333333333
trying my best (:
The Magicians by Lev Grossman, which was recommended by EVERYONE
Tepid marketing from Paramount: 'A demon that is capable of jumping from one person to another!' What, like a grasshopper or a budgie? Scary
gotta see what da move is for da weekend
You must be a glutton for punishment RT Who wants to go see the Pirates tomorrow? Time for me to catch a game.
#OneQuickQuestion never okay!! Old make up is bad for the skin it Ages you!
Omg I didn't know such dirty play was possible.
They are all leaving us so quickly...RIP the QUEEN of DISCO, Ms. DONNA SUMMER!
My husband has worked for S&C for six years. We're so excited about this weekend's centennial celebration!
Nicely put, but I'm still scared of it. :)
oh ok i will tell people....like my collages i find people from glee pretty little liars degrassi and nitro circus.....
I miss you to !
: Romney's tax record answer was no more of a dodge than Obama's response to the birth certificate crowd.
business brokers
Phocylides~ Give no decision till both sides thoust heard.
oh, how I'd love to bid for the unpublished Dr. Seuss manuscript...
ha! yeah, back in the day ;)
Well I stay up alittle but longer to see if we actually do talk but I guess not, I guess well talk next week..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
You are beautiful no matter what everybody else says.
if I choose you over sleep then you must be pretty fricken special.
J. Chin wants to keep a "tight" discovery sch. I bet the motion practice will also be on a super-tight sch. Had years to prep.
MAHOMIES? My best guess. (:
Happy Turkey day.
thanks for the rt
ok i sent it to the one ill resend it
Another reminder that change is the only constant. Enough changes for this week! Hope things settle down a little, and soon.
Rt Yes I would love to advertise on your timeline. Is it okay?
omg. I miss you so much.
Wishing everyone a Happy Friday, a Happy Passover and a Happy Easter weekend!! :-)
I need your help with something whenever you see this. lol
Thank you for playing my music there in Australia. I hope my songs make your listeners laugh, especially Holy Balls
only cuz he never lets other of the kids play with his toys
or cum in me...
He makes me feel wanted...NOT useless...
Plan your work for today and everyday, and then work on your plan today and everyday. - Norman Vincent Peale
you're cranky.
So, tell me...as a bday gift, does suspend your notifications? Just turned on and had a gazillion wishes that I missed. Thanks All!
oh SWEET! Totally don't have time to drive out to the 'burbs today in pursuit of matcha powder. Thanks!!
I am a GREAT driver ! ((:
It must be April 1st already, since there's no way you can explain Rick Santorum's campaign as anything but a giant practical joke.
I guess that I don't need that though... Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Just knocked out the page layouts of our new site yesterday, now onto the coding...
Also, our master to do list is called "Shit We Still Have To Do For This Wedding Thing"
Get ready.. NEW SUMOSURFER designs are coming!!
Such as life, girl! Such as life! Hang in there... Tweet you this weekend!
Hi Garrett, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Spaghetti Bowl accident slowing transition for 95 South to I-15 South movement. 3 minute delays. Update ahead on
my email inbox needs some de-cluttering. going on a massive unsubscribe spree. it might get ugly.
Just told the jam and jelly joke to a waitress
#PeopleThatAngerMe People who don't listen and a bitch named Caitlen. lol
where the higher the digit, the shallower the cut.
you coming to on June 4--check out codeforoakland.eventbrite.org--great fun, apps, data, prizes!
#edleaders motivating students? Leo Stein notes "the perfect method of learning is analogous to infection. It enters and spreads."
Now, when she's a teenager, you can annoy her by speaking in a GLaDOS-like voice while antagonizing her.
yeah its ok np :)
the iPad can absolutely do speed typing. Our typing training app has people reaching above 80 wpm with the virtual keyboard.
NaLee2010.com and now check out Fireandicemermaids.com book two in the NaLee series!!
Sweet potato fries on the patio. Happening now...til 2am.
you good?
nice post...now Al-Qaida endorses McCain and I think we're home!
I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO 8'
I think Kawhi is a 3 in the league and thats what spurs will make him, he is physical, great rebounder, and defender,
we all know that. Or make up up random stuff :)
PROLLY GONNA MAKE A NEW TWITTER CUZ THIS ONE IS SPAMMING EVERYONE SOO HOPE U ALL FOLLOW MY NEW ONE ONCE I FIGURE OUT A NAME 4 IT LOL
RT : Rt few seats left for my workshop on saturday. contact going once...going twice!!!
yep 2morrow I'm last day
Baha we named our wireless network "Miami Metro PD".
"Attitude is Everything"
Thanks for the helpful link
Okay gaby i got ur ass u are a gay ass liar and u look like s icon
It has to be cold when I sleep.
Experience #IntlEd Fellowship @ St. Mary's College of Maryland - hiring a fellow for budding int'l educator: Contact
Whoa is me, my dream of riding a tantem bike with Connie Chung will never come true, will it? Ah well ...
PEOPLE. u guys are horriablee people.
Good morning! I want to ask your permission to link to you. To explain, will you please follow me temporarily so I may DM you?
Great conversations at Netmarketing conference, Grand Hyatt, New York City. Marketing is in the midst of a revolutionary change!
The breezes have strengthened, but the warmth is here, too! I'll have your complete #forecast & info on Sunday's #eclipse tonight on KOB 4!
I hope 's headache goes away. <U+2764> you :)
I'd love to hear more about the Beckoning of Lovely, but then, I'm biased!
Ew.. RT : My dog ripped another dog's ear off.
I was knocked out sorry ;/ lol
My room smells ultra delicious.
It wasn't just a dream
#MiamiBelieveBuyout , you already know ;)
Promoters in the DMV get at me if you need a artist to perform for an event
its cold and im scared of sharks D:
I miss my wife.
Omg there is always some type of drama
Hey Bieber, I loved that little double crotch pop you did with the beat of the bass drum at your performance last night.
probably because they heard through grapevine where he wanted to look at, ie isu and Virginia.
#TurnOffs Bad Breath.. damn hoe brush yo teeth 4 i come over...
Good night
Nun really tired as hell , you ?
We came to make babies and spend your money let us stay
Hope you enjoyed your weekend, too!
oh yeah!! And did u notice if you give them a choice they'll always choose the muddiest way? Lol towels are a must.
LOL I SEE YOU KAY.
Lie Bout some of everything
I have no grudges against people younger than me, however the immature kids annoy the shit out of me.
YOU DEAD BEAT SISTAH
Wait, I've been off twitter for 2 days & you've planned a trip to Austin, then canceled it? I'm so lost.
Rich people want to maintain the right to own everything, while poor people just want to eat regularly and, you know, live.
you really from compton? :)
The trill will remain.
I'm on for that before the month is over
Nice!!!! Congrats!
nice! Quora is pretty awesome!
Dear residents of the DC Metro area. Please put down your kindle/newspaper/iPad/book when you are walking, for the love of God.
Recovering from an indulgent breakfast at Canele - best French toast I've had in ages!
Ops! forgot to edit that one!
Have you ever noticed the differences between how people say "tour"? I've heard "toor", "too-er", and "terr"...
...as with so many pieces of tech you've suggested to me over the years :-)
I've not baked in quite a while... I have every intention of packing this weekend chalk full of baked goods!
ajkshdflkjashdf YOU GUYS SUCK
I'm goin to new by the world arena
Looking forward to this weekend. 3d Black Light Art Party @ Lava Lounge, Budian and The Green @ 1011, So much more on all on Saturday.
People trust Romney with economy? WTF are they thinking? Don't they know about his past with BAIN Capitol?
I don't believe in these pastors that cheat on their wives & still preach like nothing happened. <U+270B> Have a seat.
I'm doing twitter instead of solitaire. ;-)
Thanks for the RT!
Listening to the wonderful Betty Buckley on Seth Rudetsky's Broadway's Best. LOVE HER!!! Wow and shes from a talented familty too.Who knew!
Just bought my tickets to see and in July!!!!!!!!! Lemme know if you wanna go.
how is life?
celebrate cinco de mayo in the 2nd St District! 101X, bands, beer, & more 5-10pm. from our friends @ LaCondesa. www.austinlofty.com
What did the monster say to his psychiatrist?'I feel abominable.'
Happy Monster Mash Day! On this day in 1962 the Monster mash, by Bobby 'Boris' Picket and the Crypt Kickers, reached #1 in the music charts!
Our new website is almost complete....please LIKE us here to get a first look at the reveal later this month!
Get ready #SoMeT12 you're coming to MKE!
Can't wait for May 18th to buy my ticket to see Leonard Cohen. That's a ticket I've wanted to buy for about half my life.
And yeah I'm twatching but I can Shit .
Dont bite the Hand that Feeds You.
Ananda LA is offers great classes on meditation and more:
Houston did everything in their power to blow that game. Including passing to KFC in the box.
Trying to find something to do on a wednesday night in illinois
OKC fans bo extra loud when Arrest gets the rock lmao
Craig Road is open in both directions.
I don't know much about Michigan. But I'm not a "progressive" either, so there's that.
NORFOLK STATE SPARTANS...FIRST-TIME NCAA. EDEN LOUNGE-DC OFFICIAL WATCH PARTY FRI, MARCH 16. GAME TIME 4:45P BEHOLD THE GREEN &GOLD!
My phone mp3 player clearly shows who I'm a fan of.
bet. whats your email?
Prince Royce pictures are coming up in the following tweets
Missed a big day of kit unveiling. Thoughts?
Wait, what? First Angry Birds in space and now Ninja Turtles? I'm listening. /cc
Someone asked Bochy about that (sort of). He didn't say Blanco wasn't better, just that RF is just as difficult to play here.
what are you cooking? #justcurious ;D
we can buy our way outta jail but we cant buy freedom
Nope- but those probably include parking violations as well.
Awesome! Glad you liked the show!
Save the Date for Arts Fever on Thursday May 13 from 5:30-8:00pm at the Hilton City Center! Stop by the Pink Banana table! :)
Do not do unto others what you do not want done to yourself
That would be true. The opportunity cost would be too high to go to a convenience store.
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try a new workout!
The co-founder of the Free Gaza Movement Greta Berlin will be on my show in an exclusive interview Wed 4/13 9-11pm on Radiokolamerica.com
Im done with pacquiao, hes shook and that fight will never happen
.'s wedding suggestion of the day: "I think your 'something old' should be a dinosaur."
BREAKING: Rick Santorum suspends campaign - "While this presidential race is over for me today, we are not done fighting."
good advice for undocumented folks as well.
nobody called you?
well aren't you just a cool cat!
aw cmon dont thank me! Thank your talent! <3
I agree. I hate flies! “: Few things put me on edge more than the sound of a fly buzzing around me. Fuck flies!”
My password on my phone used to be Gaga(4242) but I had to change it to Lady(5239) too many people figured it out
I've never really done it like this before it made me wish I had sooner haha
That was Tristan my senior year. We couldn't get him to stay awake. Like always... see you tomorrow!!!
Best haiku from the Wimbledon fan haiku site... "The five-time champ/everything is OK/other than his vest"
“: what high school u wanna go to?? I wanna go to Murrow!! :D" i wanna go 2 FDR
was big al snorting stinks stinking good green chili today
Wtf? Why bother labeling for females and males lol. Guess that's the price you pay for having women's parking only? >.<
got to support my comic nerds :D
Adult Vampire of Versailles Costume
Geometry wastes my damn time, this is pointless .
meeting up with the guys in a bit to take a ride on the bikes to lunch!
it was amazing! My second one and I learned more than I expected on both!!
Floyd Mayweather says Lin-Sanity is due to the fact that Lin is Asian, an idiotic statement thats due to the fact that he's floyd Mayweather
New York New York. The town so nice, they boo you twice. Or three times. Or four... teen.
whats the win song this year?
The sneaks peeks on are awesome, I love getting to see how fine art and graphic design influence home design!
bro are we going to.shook house
Thx to Susan @ mci w for taking care of me. Missed my plane and she got me rerouted. :-)
Good morning ladies and fellas!
No problem. You deserve it. I had 5wristbands that I gave out +cards but there are at least 20 others who now want bracelets. :P
RT : you don't wana come in the grind house for the playoffs babe ;)
you, sir, were awesome! About the only thing that didn't work was the absence of mic
have to sound intelligent, but not to intelligent
I got nothin :P
Drive is intense but yet slow
Excess synovial fluid doesn't cushion the joints properly and causes the cartilage to breakdown.
We are recording in the studio all this week, so send us some love to check out in our downtime!
I need my 2$ thanks b! Lol
Metadata! MT : . wants an infrastructure to allow you tag the content you upload re: how you want it shared or not
awww I miss you too bro! SICK!!! But Im not deas yet so I wont complain how about you?
Good Morning World... Afternoon for some, evening for others..;)
So funny how circumstances in life changes you in an instance..
And We Bout It Everyday Everyday Everyday..
I once sat in front of Sharapova on a plane & she carried on a conversation w/ a guy 3 rows ahead of us the whole time
awesome, hopefully I see you!
I can guarantee you that in 8hours every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!! #8HOURS !!!! LEGGOOOO !!! 69
I think that interview was a success ;D
Great coverage of the #UCD incident. I'm an OUTRAGED CA taxpayer, and those officers need to be fired and ARRESTED.
Good Night to all! :)
Don't forget to come out to the #NashXmasParade this Fri! Vince Gill is serving as grand marshall. Check out the details here:...
Back on the air this morning on ! & I couldn't decide who was going to do the show so we're BOTH on! Check it out!
only a little bit
Anyone going to a concert this week?
you're welcome! We're here to bring actors and directors into the same room! Its all about making connections!
RT : Will be tweeting live shortly!
"For me, a place unvisited is like an unrequited love." -- The Geography of Bliss
Fuckin A guys! Were almost there! 4K! Also follow our singer if you like AWESOME fuckin lead singers, And well... Who doesn't!? LOL
Off to shop(:
Yes, and on point!
tired and sleepy
We're really settling in to our new home in ! Pictures to come soon!
get out! There is an ice cream version!?!
Thanks for a rapid fire discussion #ArtHour via see you next time.
Rain rain go away #please <U+E04B><U+E049><U+E421>
hope you had a great time! Sorry I missed it!
#cxo. uncharacteristically quiet, but I'm still here taking it all in :)
Brett won an Oscar! This is the most fantastic news!!!
No doubt, you are the gold standard
So sad about MCA. Beastie Boys are a big part of the soundtrack to my youth!
Thanks man! It meant alot for u to come, love ya bro!
F.u.c.k. christmas..fuck new years and fuck you money hungry bitches...i hate u.........
#truthis im trying out for x factor next year.
#Celtics survive without Rondo!
nope lol Im never angry with you :)
it's Quaker steak too :). Love this olace
#oomf is stupid
Million dollar leadership question, "Would you be excited about following you?"
Actually finishing a playthrough of Terranigma sounds like a good idea.
We love you THANK YOU
than* and I can still see where you're tweeting from #stalking you till I getcha bitch
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone to...
The #ict2dc team has been e-mailing plans and arrangements back and forth like MAD today!
ha only 6'2, I thought I was kind of short actually XD, well bro I got to catch some sleep see ya around
We're headed to the for a tour and then the game tonight!
My fucking mom !
that's for like the Boyfriend video I think. Lol
You are a transplant! You don't say "hella!" Sip your siphon coffee from Blue Bottle, eat a quinoa scone, & stay strong friend.
lol apparently you did!! Haha. I'm done next week!
yeh I am but I'm bout to leave cuz my rents r on their way dwn frm nova and I gotta clean the apt lol n aw I will nxt class :)
Be yourself for as much of today as possible.
xoxo, Gossip Girl ;-*
#SMWcampiagn: says #socialmedia has self-correcting mechanisms for crazy, contrasted to email chains <--I hope so!
Thanks lady! You and I should do a workshop soon.
My Big Brah Shake said, My nigga! You need to get in that studio A.S.A.P!! You ain't saying nothing but a word big brah.
Find Laura Vogel!
I dream until they crashh..but I never give up
#jimmandich #mandich #maddog #miamidolphins A universal loss to sports by a universally loved man. Will keep dolphins winning, Jim Mandich.
": Got the word a lil while ago. Just got called up to #Orioles." Go gett'm Bill!
"Stupid people are blissfully unaware of just how stupid they really are." -Patrick Star
if I try to enter Muay Thai fights by the time i'm 40, I might not live to see 50 :)
99% of the people I work with have no idea im a big bearded, heavily tattooed guy.
TO THEM: HIP-HOP CROWD EQUALS "BLACK & BROWN PEOPLE". OH SCARY! WHAT WILL PEOPLE THINK!
Hey Trina how is your day goin?
Sunday with no football = #reddeadredemption, food and of course sharper focus on
RT : NEXT WEEK: in Seattle hosts "Health IT: Innovation and Opportunity in a Changing Market" REGISTER:...
I still ship Annie & Troy dude.
kay, I'm chillin' with my bestie ;)
HEY I HEARD YOU WERE A WILD ONE!!
Watching futurama feels like having a weirdd dream.
thank you for the #FF , pending tdlr we will be having a show in lubbock on January 28 please help spread the word!
Bout damn time
Selling stuff on Craigslist is weird. I don't want ppl coming to my house!
miss you
Eager and ready for webinar!!! Join us!!
RT - I hope this hurricane fucks up New England's Patriots stadium .
So... CJ0K is off the block, huh?
Isn't Pinterest just flair for people who don't work at Chotchkie's?
#TheBestFeelingInARelationship is when you cuddle<3
I LOVE IT! it hurt when the piercer put the jewlery on the needle in my belly...but the needle itself didnt hurt too bad:D
I'm still in shock!
On the way to the new gig. First day at
We've hit 900 followers! Please let all of your followers know about us. We want to make a life changing film. We can't do it without you.
Ugh I still can't believe she got me sick!!
Your smell comforts me, that's how i know i'll be okay at night.
Yep. Also part of some bigger improvements planned. Hope you like them Bruce.
I feel like turn signal lights have become vestigial structures.
Very cool. Can you pick the voice for the 'Read-to-me" feature? James Earl Jones reading 'Dilbert' would be so sweet...
I love weddings -- just might be more challenging with a baby...
Nice to see you here! Btw, I linked to one of your stories (about microbes) in my latest blog post.
Bored someone text me
Nice pic...looks like a great place to hike!
Brand new whip for these niggas like slavery
RT : #FF - nurse by night, social media star by day (check out ) recent addition to...
Missin' all my on-campus #schmedia guerrilla Tweet buddies. Mad love to y'all from Chicago!
Skip Bayless says Colts making big mistake by taking Luck over RG3, adding that Luck is a safer pick for Indy if playing to Colts fanbase.
#Shuttle flyovers remind me more and more of a funeral procession. We no longer can get into orbit by ourselves.
Were you fresh as a daisy?
Famous Kites. Bono Oprah Stephen King. It's big time global influence energy
The test for whether or not you can hold a job should not be the arrangement of your chromosomes. - Bella Abzug
Take your time, I am insanely behind on mail and do not deserve prompt responses #snailmail but look forward to it!
wow! So you got a job down there? Where r u working? That's so great!
I dont pick up the tab for a motherfucker who hasnt done a damn thing for me...break bread, make it a fair share...work for this shit!
You up there?
All the seniors at school are graduating tonight awh
Covering Goodbye First Love, by Mia Hansen-Love, aka the woman Olivier Assays calls mon amour. Sadly, she's not got her fella's touch.
Good Morning!Artistic Quote::The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?-Pablo Picasso Create your day!
way to support:) thanks dude
Lol, I love you too Brittany <3 By the way... you are my 1,000th tweet
Thank you for the RT and for the kind words. :)
Deluxe Adult Wolfman Costume
bet these shows will b outa this world PRINCE 4 EVER
Thanks, you too!
I'm guessing credit cards or sugar daddy
well, there was that 75 minute period back in 1998 that repeated in 2005... the exception that proves your overall point.
I'm so incredibly happy for you and your family... I'm so excited!!! :)
Will you guys ever come to Florida??? :)
In the ground in Tampa... And starting to head south... Kids searching for pirates and parrots. I'm searching for a beer..
Starbucks happy hour!!
Vote Today! Please remember to bring yourself and a few friends to the polls and cast your vote for Bill Stanley for VA20 Senate. Thank You!
I don't think y'all mean that other "UC" in California lol
GOAL GOAL GOAL!!!!!! Sweetness
Watched a show on TV last night...hence the following...AGAIN! Ladies, Your wig should not look like it's a wig! www.drwiggys.com
follow backk please?
pretty cool so far. Can't wait for dinner and sleep tonight.
Getting a rave review from your boss does wonders! Employee #Satisfaction!
Game is not over yet “: Curious: How many Packers fans do you think already booked their Super Bowl trips to Indy?”
Looking to fill two Senior Records Manager openings in the DC area. Looking for candidates with 3+ years supervisory experience as well as …
#rochmn aaahhhh the exotic sounds of Bolero...at the RSO rehearsal.
My summer has officially started! Last exam down! Woo!
hahaha what happened when we left? :o
Hello Kayvan, Thank you for following us!
are you still doing the picture thing for the video? oh btw followback please(:
Time of day?
Waitin on my friend ta get off work so we can go ta da mall..!!
text me! I lost my numbers!
I'm trading politics for an evening of volleyball. See ya!
what I worry abt is students demanding last min support from u when an assignment is due at 2am
Drugs: Legalization or decriminalization? Which would you prefer?
Wish I could just be with him right now.
#chipolopolo! #chipolopolo! I wish I was back in Mwiniglunga or Solwezi celebrating. I can only imagine how happy they are in Zambia.
OTW my home let's go..
I was so upset when you swooped in on him.
DID YOU KNOW? 150 chemicals found in home are linked to Allergies * Birth Defects * Cancer * Psychological Disorders *
Christy's invitations are going to be GORGEOUS! Thank you, A Printable Press! <3
RT : Hey coach, when are your open gyms? (Saturday mornings at 9AM. We go every sat, June 2 last day)
if they will I'm killing THT whore...I kno ppl who are friends wid her...time to get her killed quickly mawhahahaha
Good stuff, thx. Funny you mention that, my old show was called... What's Brewin'
lol.. maybe not you but a lot of other people. When I feel this way it feels like sixth grade all over again.. -.-,
Thanks for coming to visit us. Sounds like you were quite a hit among our crowd - both for delicious and educational reasons!
TEMECULA: Schools get desserts of Taste fundraiser - Press-Enterprise
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 50
Do you know of any in app payment tutorials? I want to create an interactive sci fi story and take payments for in story items
:-/ RT : So is having a show on Aug 27th. There is no way in hell I'll be able to make this one.
haha so I hear...hail to the twitter hackers
"SCREW 'EM!" omg love it
My recent tweets are about music, wine, music, wine, more music, and then wine. I'm seeing a trend here.
your eyes resemble stars burning through the universe.
Sometimes I wish my life was like Jersey Shore. Then I watch 6 seconds and realize what a disgusting disgrace they are to Mankind
Hey thanks for the follow! Your blog is great
Can't believe you haven't invited those Harvard boys to road trip to the Cave. Yet.
U dont have it write a novel u can start by writing down your thoughts everyone has to start some where
i was so happy a week ago! what the hell happened!:/
ILL CUT YOU
I'm not the jealous type, but remember we started as friends too.
Sorry to miss tonight! Hubs is out & I'm about to put the beast to bed.
Team Phillip all the way!!!!!!
Look at Bron
Damn mama.!!
Hey joe really u r going to blame a field? Rivera is 43 maybe his time is up. Should've retired
morning to you
I woke up this morning to my family singing and breakfast being made! I love having them in town!
Dentist appointment this should be fun :/
has the most swag as a kid than anyone!!!
“: HP get ready to sue Samsung!” what happened?!?
love you darling <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
end of name, though we do own line as a coding standard in PHP at work
#ConfessionNight sometimes i feel like the ugliest person in the world & i cry.
Needing some live sound in nov? Hit us up, we still have a few open dates!!!
Snow falling.
That makes it sound like you woke up and found yourself accidentally feeding a baby.
Start your resolution to learn to play guitar! Sessions at the Green Valley Lib. starting 1/5/12 @ 6:30. Release your inner musician!
RT : I'm going to NYC at the end of the week. Is there a bus tour yet???
Thanks Have a great monday!
Boys > Homework
I LIKED IT!!!!! #HungerGames Worth staying up for!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
HAHAHAHA! "...Benny the Bull and four portly Matadors could probably beat them"
always one step ahead of me (;
Perfect timing to announce May 12th "guest bartending appearance" by George #Kottaras at ! Details to follow. RT PLEASE!!!
I don't know but someone promised me there would be donuts...
My pleasure! Yes I do. Happy Friday to you too :-)
TCGD STILL GOING!!! up 3,600%... This is a monster!!! Slap the ask!!!
Where will you watch the sunset tonight? We'll be on our top floor!
the day someone takes a swing at MC, I am there to watch!!
Reese looks awesome!
Love the zipper Google doodle today.
Can someone tell me what radio stations have the packer game on them?
followed follow back?
Prepping for a presentation on Orphan Works and libraries, archives and museums. 15 minutes of fame? Think not.
What a pass by Lebron. Some things you just can't teach.
Called into Gallery 3 because of a lizard on one of the paintings!
Thanks for the retweet! Not only is the film covering a new concept but the whole article from The Spec had interesting points
nope u're not :D
I will manage my anger when you manage your stupidity.
found ya!
we will be checking out ur album. Thanx
Fire alarms going off at #KOK #awesome don't worry no problems :)
#np Hurt - Crux
Had one of the best birthdays! Had a great time with friends and family!
says Tequila Party, non partisan, is targeting Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio next.
Entertainer of the Year I am always proud of you girl.
How is it that I always spend a hundred dollars at the grocery store no matter what or how much I buy?
how u doing doggie?
Hey whats up Nathan its your nephew Daniel, I am following you now, we just got twitter for our company Teens Coaching Teens :)
Science gives too much power to publishers because of old perception of print publication as complex in new digital world. Adam Bly
'not caring' doesn't factor in all the structural, environmental, and access issues that contribute. y'know? anyway...
$40K? Then it is even worse.
. Presenter then suggested Elsevier could buy/found a university. More likely Google. Google U would break application recor ...
too many girls want attention, and not respect
Where do they do that?
Looking forward to a great day!!! ;-)
RT Follow ==> Chicago's West Loop art, food & business district. #ExploreFultonMarket Join us May 12th 12-5pm. Be there!
This morn I had a fab jog with a friend Emma. We ran on the NYC river walk & bike lanes, seen boats. It was awesome! I'm happy thankful! :)
Jack's Mannequin Radio on Pandora. Yeah, Pandora's still cool.
Amy is scheduled to at the Cowboy Palace Saloon in LA to make a series of videos with the Chad Watson Band.
Naive as hell. Thank God Obama has wisdom, patience. Ignorance goes right & left. Only a fool aids the enemy.
lol I just woke up. I'll get ready now
I wish I knew how to play the hammer dulcimer.
Coupons flemington outlet
Join us for our tailgate on May 7th! Tailgate starts at 5pm and game is at 8pm! GO POWER!
To do list: (1) Buy a sword. (2) Name it "Kindness." (3) Kill people with "Kindness."
hahaha. Well who doesn't like spending time there?
There goes my babyeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
At this point, no more excuses..Won't except them..I realize I can't make 'em..God will guide but will u, I, we follow..100% or nothing!!
Hurry up, fag
RT : It shouldn't take 20 minutes to re-schedule an appt. with What internet provider do you use in DC?
omg lol take it easy!
Neck is throbbing? Ouch.
Just went for a GREAT run! Now it's time to cook dinner and watch today's races!
That awkward moment when you don`t know how to smile when someone is taking a picture.
Today's User Group sesh ft. Our Lady of the Lake College is at 1pm! Don't forget to register before noon to ensure your space in the webinar
Absorption from the oral mucosa has special significance
You should see her in nothing but a flannel shirt and a cup of coffee in the morning (there will be no further details)
same boat. Im clueless.
gargle lukewarm salt water. Works like a charm:)
can you RT #IfSoccerTrendsDuringSuperBowl we are trying to #GrowTheGame in U.S. off the back of the great game this morning!
Drs who want to be rich have their priorities wrong; but their reasoning is probably based on the crazy hgh cost of med school
YES PLEASE!!!!! Tripple shots of expresso.
I need more good nights. I can't wait to be in Btown!
Someone through flour on kim kardashian at a red carpet event? LMAOOOOOO...talk about frying some chicken.
i do too
Funny how it's called truTV yet all the shows are so obviously scripted. Hardcore Pawn is by far one of the worst shows on tv.
I wish, the boy maybe but the career not even close unfortunately :(
Busy week- heading to Los Angeles this week to film a movie....
": I feel like Ill never be able to successfully communicate with you."
very cool website. I look forward to reading regularly:)
im so done for saying that.
Hit 2345 in 3s last night running RMP. (First night playing, not bad!)
#MyBiggestProblem is finding a good bf(:
Beliebers Are Unstoppable..We already knew this(:
an he smokes, Lol that's why a blood test is a no,no<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>
oh! well yeah I agree with you!
same here haha
say hello to the pilgrims for me!
I hear you, I'm in Frisco with my son's AAU team for the weekend so I know your struggle!!!
Just an FYI if you want the LATEST NEWS, follow Great journalist, great guy and is a down-to-Earth person who I respect greatly
#MarchMadness is here again. Who do you have in your bracket? Any tips on some sleepers?
,is simply amazing.
On 01/28/10 - The Village at Manor Park will be at Music Under Glass at the Domes. Music & Free admission for troops with military ID
Like , I am gratified to be recognized by academic spammers for my "expertise in marketing researches."
Sacramento howe avenue tailpipes coupons
Its not every day you help catch a drunk driver! that #fucker almost killed me, and !
Seeing as any link on the site redirects you to fake-a-wish.com I'm going with fake.
You still playin??“: at hoots in lex currently”
Alot of rapper goin broke and owe the IRS#and we thought you was ballin
Haha. Not.A.Fan obviously. Kit Hoover & Billy Bush fantastic together, for how little I watch those shows. Lopez & Barbaro? No
there is no such thing as too much sriracha.
all done :) please follow me back on it?
made lunch for myself and then forgot about it.
WOW--you knew I was getting married!! How I wish I could click my heels and have you appear, DJ J-Flex.
Halftime show is always a desperation attempt for entertainment!! Any idea for the show ??
First time for everything right? lol. Glad I could be there for the concert in the breakroom hahahaha.
I never said any of those things -She
did you see it?
Will be serving between 6th and 7th on Walnut.
Fast replies make me feel like you actually want to talk to me. But slow replies make me think you're talking to someone better.
you talking bikes or horses? Ain't never seen those thing go thru stirrups.
thanks! We're digging it!
Big day tomorrow!! ;]
Having a bad day. Including having to turn down my dream job because I'm slack in every other aspect of life. Gonna meditate on
Will you ever follow me? <3 x3
My mohawk > your life.
Yummy in my tummy haha! RT : Garlic and Herb
They say love is in the air so i hold my breathe till my face turns purple.
Getting stoked for my first class tonight. Excited + nervous to be going back to school!
Good morning! We'll be posting more information soon about our upcoming concert to benefit Haiti. Save the date: 2/11/10!
Have you used the Software? Im thinking about trying it
Sleeping in the bathroom and I didn't even go out drinking!
Relay for Life
I checked out your blog. Sounds good.
X games is lookin pretty good so far! To bad Levi isn't in it :/..
Don't forget to be the way you are
why are you not following me
I'm so confused.
Amazingly enough, there are some good comments, too.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I don't love myself my daughter, and my family100%
State Competition is coming up Feb 23-25! If you're a current paid DECA member - we're working to make your attendance and travel fees free!
Not searching.
So far Google Drive is exactly the same thing as Dropox. Google, why didn't you just buy Dropbox?
false! "dammit i'm mad." is the same in reverse
yep! Pool, golf carts, yummy food, and tasty drinks! haha im being corny right now.
oh I hope so too I hope you get down to 0 GO HAWKS!
I am not perfect.. But I love my wife...
Not to listen to Backstreet Boys, even though that's the first thing I did.
The Fox Tucson Theatre in Tucson AZ will be presenting Cab Calloway Orch. Jan 13 @ 7:30pm. This is not a show to miss!
A "sharticle," if you will.
Delivery day for newest draft of #ThePiccoIncident -- still time for 1 more pass on it, right ?
hahahahahaha ALL THE DADDIES ARE BAD
ewww, skid marks can stay home...puhleeze!!
dszsdvrrthes » Blog Archive » At&amp;t finds love with android - China ...
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be. Einstein
re-reading *subject to change*. many good ideas to work with. especially in framing conversations with clients. what are you reading?
Heard about lots of great upcoming books from our fabulous editors today #HachettePrev! So great to chat with so many librarians.
There may be a new style king on the Nats with JJ's arrival...
Our Party Wall , CRACKING !
thanks for the #ff missing
thank you :-) Happy Hearts Day to you Too!
Today is a beautiful awesome and blessed day!! :) Hope you alls day is filled with health and prosperity!! :)
sry ive bn "under" 4 a while - was in China fly back soon...
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed the talk. It was a pleasure to visit.
This song is my life right now.
Wall street is look,ing for trouble, we the people of New York city will give them hell. I for one will join in the fight.
Happiness is going barefoot on the first day of work
greatly appreciated!
Thanks for the shout out Justin. Good to see you last night.
Getting ready for North Side Leadership Conference meeting for NS sandwich week. There will be great food and events.
oh yeah... no one fucking cares.
"This time, like all times, is a very good one if we but know what to do with it." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
That was a great piece this morning!
Question 1: why do people jog? Question 2: why do people jog in the street?
Anyone ever had a few pints at Kochanski's? How was it?
Pixel Mix (post-production and motion graphics meetup) is tonight at 7 at Caribou Coffee (corner of W Market and Hawkins). You should come.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards
nope that wasn't me, but good guess as to which show I'd listen to
Nice track! Abdu, we all need to chill!
Looking! :P
Twitter, you let me down on the Inglourious Basterds thing. No one had any ideas of where my DVD could be.
good mornin baby
honored to be selected to speak alongside the greatest women on Earth! April 28th Make sure to support this amazing organization!
Hey Joel, how are you doing? Follow me on twitter if you want
Shift work can be a bitch.
well if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya....a little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
thank u <3
Bummed to be missing today's #techtribe meeting/lunch with et al.
Emerald adheres to proven methodologies in the identification, recruitment, screening and retention of legal professionals.
washington, minnesota, ... what the hell though anythings better than hanie
My room looks like a tornado hit
hey my beautiful niece can u help me get 2,000 so i can follow my new followers plz :-)
i'm the oldest i've ever been, but i'll never be this young again. #whoaperspective i'm officially 22 and ready to take on the world. :)
I get so happy knowing I've gained weight and need to buy new pants
- Oct 27: Can You Handle This...
You only have one life and you only have one chance. Two things you must remember.
The Pancake Zombie Says: "I just fell down the D* steps!" The Red Baby Says: "You need more balance, Mother F*k"
FALSE! ... Mainly bc she abandoned me last weekend!
May I never be that much of an adult!
Watching my -unty show on nbc betty whites prank show
The twitter Q "what are you doing" changed to "what's happening" and now to...? Did it disappear?
I'm there!
Uber rich fucked it up my friend.
Ok, ok, we get it, killjoys -- it doesn't change anything. But can those that need to just have their moment of joy?
note 2 SUN: thank you for being here, even when i can't see you, you're here warming my soul and nourishing mother's bed in which i lay.
Elephants love to have their tongue slapped. --
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work" until later xoxo
The day "Eye of the Tiger" no longer motivates you is the day you need to question your life.
#ragemode to start Thursday
My dad did not like black women...he said they smelled like a hamster cage.
Kings rolling over the Grizz. Night keeps getting better for the Rockets.
There is an army of us dedicated to the promotion of justice. We'll get there soon enough. See you at the finish line.
it was lost long ago
Looking to buy or sell a home? Visit us today at www.TheOertelGroup.com to learn how the current market will affect you.
I got a show out in hollywood opening up for you should come check it out!
But never HIV positive. RT : Always be positive. :)
I know, she really needs some help, I think that is a cry for help I hope her family hears it.
Instead of going Topless, it would be great if Ri Ri would use what's on Top of her head - Her Brain- That would be Great!
off to austin for
wow...surrounded by people stuck in madness!
Thankful 4 the people God has in my life.. I keep a close circle of honest, true, sincere & loyal friends! Value the great peeps in ur life!
tell lucchino he's awful at his job for me! We need a SS, a wholesale outfield change, and a bullpen!
Lin is exhausted......to many minutes played D'Antoni tins his players to the ground......
keep moving
About to present on Coke in the 1960s to The Collectors Club convention. Should be fun. ^JB
Where we're you last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> “: lmaoo last night was worth it tho”
My room is SO MESSY!
Ooh...spam number that calls my cell phone AND leaves a message!--which is 2 min of silence. Well played, evil.
Trying to make something happen tonight
Hey, stop being modest. They great! :)
Toshiba Debuts Monstrous 13-Inch Tablet [PICS]
"Sort of" usually means nothing. But in some circumstances it means everything. Like after "I love you" or "You're going to live."
I wanna come.
RT NOAA: Radioactive tsunami debris in AK highly unlikely
indeed! It was my first Jewish service. A good experience.
Hackworth: "crucial stretch for Seattle"
I miss you too! RT : i miss
you love me too <U+E056>
Lenny Kravitz was so amazing as Cinna in the hunger games 'We're here to help you make an impression' :O
Thanks so much for the shoutout!
Hey, it's actually a cool song!!!! :P :L But seriously :D <3 x
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them..Until we STOP doing IT! -__-
#loyal love ;)
me either haha
THANKS Jen, it's still kind of sinking in. Amazing day!
Why is everyone telling me it's too late.
hahaha! I had to go look that up, but it's great!
I heart cupcakes! Love!!!!!
that would be better at putting me to sleep.
Booksigning and Gallery Walk TODAY with grafitti artist Cynic: Thursday, July23 at 2:30 in the Galleries. Free and open to the public.
My day is berly ending.. -__- Damn what a day
Turning my phone off
ken_rosen - brand needs to be seen to help product, no matter how good product is..
Went to the park, got some icecream, bought a ninja, ate some sour candy. With my best fwend <3
cool. Can't wait to see what you're making! Which jersey did you get?
I LOVE PUSSY! DA CLEAN KIND!
We've changed our name! Famous Case!
Praying I get through this weekend without falling apart.
So cute!
Awesome, you going straight up the hill or finding an alternate / flatter route?
My income is considered poverty level according to the government.
holla at me fam ur niece in canada told me u lolkin for new talent hit me back I got u ima R&B singer songwriter lookin for work
Been hearing that there is a press conference at 2pm about getting Seattle a new arena. Hopefully they can bring back the Sonics.
Happy Saturday! If you are looking for lunch, we are open in our Cudahy location today and smiling faces are there ready to serve you!
Seems to be working fine for me. I could use an outlet, though! RT : #SMSS anyone else having internet issues?
i have to get pastry shoes if i wanna meet cody :(
Since we gulped down the mint iced tea in no time, we get to try another: iced tea brewed with fresh lemon verbena - faux Arnold Palmer!
I'll go ahead and assume that they know how you like your burrito at chipotle as well.
Great connecting with and today. Thanks boys!
Yes sir...
I rather cuddle than have sex o:)
Lmaoooo, imma remember that comment the next time I see you!
Well, I can't complain about the weather that's for sure! Im just working on creating my own web series to keep creative! You?
RT : RT : believe that 2 way value proposition alters relationship > customer is righter than ever
you met Sammy Miller?
RT good night solley's grille, comet cafe, palomino, turner hall + oak leaf bike trail, Milwaukee.
thanks for the follow, you've got some real passion in your tweets. Heroes - VIllains... it's all about interpretation isn't it?
People often ask me what I put in my hair when I wash and go. I go through a liter of Aussie moist conditioner in something like a month.
so you have three outcomes. which one do you think is most likely to happen?
I beg to differ.
Chico's 'Deal of the Day' for January 17: 40% off Travelers. Stop in for details or call 808.891.1647.
5/10/12 will know for sure where #Christie stands on #obamacare. I wonder what thinks abt this...
Great program on cnbc inside Facebook,
Get in a car. Jump a Train. Hop a bus! Do Whatever! Winter Festival of WONDERS in Bmore 2.10-12. $1 off w Fringe Button!...
I HAVE AN INTERVIEW AT SONIC TOMORROW! <3
Tan skin, salty kisses, sandy toes
I need handles and a 40 inch vert for Christmas
Contentment is realizing that God has already given me all I need.
Dear god, YES. I will cook the shit out of everything for y'all and booze you guys and house you and love you
. says replacing #CFB with club sports would remove many scholarships.
may I have a follow back even though I am certainly not worthy? :)
Sister. You see me with my earbuds in, watching Family Guy. Don't talk to me.
Badger fans in Madison here at our favorite bar, hoping for a big win...
Settling down with you isn't settling.
Everyone meet my at Rave 16 at 7pm tomorrow to see the movie #Avengers ! See yall there <3
Inning over Big Papi! You've just been Cooked!
I'm on that same type time.
Hahaha “: KD called OKC's four turnover performance doing "decent" in that department. Related: Kate Upton looks "decent."”
Exciting news! We just launched a special in Austin, LA, Seattle, Kingston, Halifax & Ottowa!
pretty cool and scary at the same time!
That one person that ALWAYS catches you doing something weird...
OH: quality time? Bite me, what do I want with that?
thank u
I think it was a fail on Dish Network's part. I'm just glad that the game is on now. I'm just pissed that it doesn't happen again
Wrestlemania weekend starts now my brothers!
How was your weekend? Did you see any amazing magic shows or campy giant reptile movies?
Hey i got my white Iphone4S its so cool :D
so boring
the Jets think that move sucks
It warms our geeky hearts to hear this, thanks :)
Not really. I don't see much of an ego. They know they have to work on live performances and they admit it.
Oh how I hate Finals week!!
Hey Matthew! Thanks for following!
What's your vote for weekend activities - see the shows at Arnold Sports Festival or Gallery Hop in the Short North Arts District?
thank you for the RT and hope to see you on Facebook!
The 2nd make-up class is almost here. Dec16th from 6-8! Get the day to night look you've been wanting. It's free ladies! Call and sign up!
Happy Monday! It's gonna be a great week! Who's stoked for our Red Solo Cup party this Saturday? I am!!!!!
lmfao true that
Ha. This is true, but PSU knows how to get down all year round. And not just during football season.
is a suprising actor in the ant farm what will happen next........... follow/retweet this post
is awesome. XD
1st panel of day @ #sxswi:Brand Journalism in the Real World #brandjour w/ :editor 4 twitter, contently, eloqua
This is my chance to get a nap!
pretty sure I have about 20 years of personal experience that girls are very stupid
When arianna wakes up and I'm really tired, I give her a bottle and go " this is all a dream " <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT : Elena Thomas or anyone that knows her...If you're at #convio11, come by 4th floor registration to claim your prize.
Thinking about making my profile picture a picture of a cat. Kidding of course, can you imagine?
Testing testing...
Much prefer Jack Curry as on-field reporter than what's her face.
welcome to The Big Blue Nation Ryan!! Rodney, hope you're next!! A badass backcourt with you and Ryan..
The Great Muppet Caper is definitely the best #Muppet movie. Is it wrong to think Charles Grodin is cute in it?
says internal comms focused on msg develpmnt, training & leadershp endorsement to get employees focused on Quality
OMG, that's hilarious!! And also reminds me I haven't posted in a while.
I think everyone should follow me... Just because I asked nicely! Plz & thank u!
#truth RT Every day is a good day. It's purely our reaction to the events of the day that make it a bad one.
I Keep It G
haha, lots of words like that! Thanks!
The book is going to retail at around $25, and it's yours along with a subscription to our production journal @ the $25 level.
can I touch your face when I see you? Lmao
This weather makes me wanna...smoke a blunt outside, cuz it's nice out and we can get high!
The four core business values for Garda armored car company: Cash, logistics, technology, and.. Smart? What the fuck is smart?
Oh my lady, pack your bags, this place is not your home, nor was it ever.
Rammstein concert tonight!!!!!
At Urologist office. Still haven't seen him an hour later. Does he not know I declared today #BallDay ???
Criminals shoot out dozens of windows in at least six metro cities. How police caught suspects at 9.
That moment when I'm telling the truth, but then I smiled. Now, everyone thinks I'm lying.
I love how you don't think your fatt :p I see defending his mcnuggetsss
It's finally Friday! Any plans for the weekend?
i hope there is no link. That way I don't have to continuously click on it lol.
Man in his current state, has fled from internal divinity into an external reality industrialized by common themes.
I love how half my twitter feed is #superbowl and the other half is #DowntonAbbey live tweets. Wacky.
GM twitter it feels go to be ur boss in the book industry I feel everyone has a story to tell so put it on paper
I hope got home safely?? lol
Shopping with and Christine <333
yeah. Sounds good.
LOVE THIS: Lonnie Bunch: #culturalmuseums don’t need to try to become community centers, rather centers of their community.
Her booty, i grab it. Her titties, i grip it.
So excited to hangout with
Ehh, as long as is okay.
You're welcome! more special for me is helping fulfill a dream to a sister always Rusher would do this and much more!!<U+2665> C:
Awesome! Same here. I hope we both get to meet each other there. #SanFran is calling!
Johnny Cash & The Beatles play on every Pandora station.
The six day Chick-fil-A WinShape Ride for the Family comes to an end THIS Friday, October 14, 2011 at 11. Come out and show your support!
i have a iphone5 :)))
madrid about to clinch the la liga title!!
Let's do it!
The "super early" registration rates end this Friday (18th)...you'll save $100 if you sign up now. What are you waiting for?
im going on record saying that i back and his nnamdi tweets
So proud of for pulling off another incredible Muse. #Muse2012. Collapsing now:)
Setting up at MOTR!
What!? Why?
I want to see Weaver master the hidi hidi hidi hoo song
The Mariners=children RT : Wedge on his relievers on the catwalk at the Trop: As long as they are not hanging over the side...
Yea he's cool, no Martin short tho. I missed it 2 n View was bummer RT : Kelly has Daniel Dae Kim today! I love him.
Way to go Monty nice goal. Due time... Due time.
hahaha RT : "When it comes to Norman Mineta, you SHOULD follow the Norm." Haha.
So regarding this 5D Mark 2 are you referring to the Canon photography camera?
my iq.
Why stoop to her level? We're so much better than that.
is it a year today that Macho Man died?
Don't think I've ever seen Jon Davis do a Moonsault.
Good luck next year!!
Great choice!!
Oh i didnt know fool..lol..ill call you sometime today.
Let's start the takeover!! Start trending on Twitter...
you can take that as an insult, (I would) or maybe go book a "healthy, happy young mom type" commercial $$$$$$ muahahaha
haha it wasn't to hot :) and that sucks!
Pretty much tired today, just relaxing at home. Gonna work on my book and blog 4 a bit,g rab a cheese pizza a little later. Met this nice
it better be a new re-visioning of C.H.U.D.
yea I kno shit hurts too, lol Courtney came with me too, I was chilling @ Jcp earlier today, its then changed for real
Hopefully! Our bread factory needs to be going at full capacity by then. Crunch time!
don't worry D.R. all celebrities go threw these fake rumors. it will all blow over. you just have to put your faith in god.
Got my mommy The Lion King&Forrest Gump for Mother's Day/her birthday c:
Sry of I keep saying who birthday it is over and over again I'm just hyper now and wide awake ok I'm gonna try to go to sleep
For some reason, I woke up this morning with Ace of Base stuck in my head. Now I'm contemplating why life is demanding without understanding
Happy New Year!!!!
#Trump is probably making #SashaBaronCohen 's sides split w/ laughter w/ his venomous diatribe about #Dictator #redcarpet incident. ROTFLMAO
That shit made me actually laugh. RT : you better have not used any water. And just let that mother fucker burn
"I thank my car that I didn't get into accidents"
: of course she will, sweet cheeks!!! We all miss each other!
is going to the gym for the first time in months tomorrow!
New study finds: staying out of the sun and using sunscreen is not a guarantee against Melanoma. How to protect yourself, next
“: Techno music in the kitchen...nobody wants to hear that shit during prep... #kitchenpetpeeves” ?
where u applied at?
Take your time. Finding the right relationship takes both time and patience.
Terrell Suggs graduated from Ball So Hard University and now goes to Ball Too Hard University.
been singing the same song in my head all day long!! and every other time it rains on Sunday.
In a bit of a funky mood....
I've found myself writing a lot of natural health and beauty articles. Guess I like them!
My mom left the world 9 yrs ago ... among things I'd tell her today ... "yes, mom ... Kurt Busch has a little brother & he's a bigger ...."
We actually have seen people put cars on their #NoBadGift wishlists before.
then ask him
sounds like you had a good one last night? Haha
Cure for Yeast Infection System. This system
thanks for the RT! Happy Building Safety Month to you!
I'm watching it just for you guys, aha.
this link isn't working now
“ I want sum ice cream.”
thank you! I sure think she is! :)
i can't wait to graduate.
i really gotta get these scarlett johansson nudes off my phone
We love our QB! and of course you Torrey ;)
#DPortNinjas going on tour in 2014
wth he need to carry a million with him for lol. Floyd just be shittin on everybody
shhh it's a secret
bro my phone hasnt working since January 17th lol..ima hit u tho my new phone is outta mins. you need international calling..
Is that one of your pick up lines
Insanity for 60 days then p90x for 90 days. The result of that should be me 60 to 80 lbs lighter in the best shape of my life.
These tweets are making us hungry! RT Visit, taste some of our really tasty evoos, balsamic vinegars. We have over 50 infusions!
Rage clean
We still have some excellent deals on balance bikes at www.balancebikeshop.com.
10% off all Bee Mine Products in stock and 20% off all other products in stock.
now that's soo rude.. Who would do that to your family? :( probably a hater.
Damn. I kinda want you.
I <3 my sister ! -- Follow her. She follows back.
Of course I will muppet ps I expect two LOWER case kisses for that horrible thing on the end of the last tweet x
Still no ETA on when the service disruptions in Kew Gardens? It's been almost a week and internet/cable is coming on and off.
you very much
sad I didn't know about this since I live in PG
Not yet!
I am passionate about sprinting
guess who called this morning...imani!! i promised them a visit from us :)
Thanks for the shout-out, Susan.
Family guy
Hope you enjoyed it bro. RT : My bday over in less than 30 !!!!!!
"lions avoid the run like Mel Gibson avoids O'Doul's" - Nice Work.
such a great night out! thank you
Cloudy with showers and thunderstorms possible this afternoon. Highs close to 80. Sunday through end of next week looks great!
is a fucking spectacular band and that'd be pretty great if you listened to their music and #follow them ;)
she say im pregnant he say is it a boy or your getting a abortion smh
Let us know when you're in town. We'll get together for supper or something.
Let's play eat as many edibles as humanly possible! Rdy, set...... GO!!!
FYI, Clearwater, Kansas. 1/4 to 1/2-mile wide tornado approaching the city.
The awkward moment when you fail at being mad at someone because they make you laugh.
He fine af
Why did it take me 3.5 hours NOT book a #Eurostar Paris-Cambridge trip yesterday?
watchin "Hurricane Season" diss movie make me sad :/
Things Qwop Apart
Just saw #TheAvengers best #Marvel movie yet!!!!
Good times Good music Good memories
Hate WashPost slideshows too. 96% of the time, ad before doesn't play, which means no slideshow.
Hey (: How are you?
followed you!(:
Congrats to on his first (of many) WHL goal. League newbie has eight points in first month-plus
Nothin beats a failure but a try
At the denist for a crown
This session on librarian-faculty collaboration is blowing my mind!
this is a guy to follow... Interesting filmmaker! Todd Hicks WTMJ 4 Milwaukee.
that is terrible news. Spent many falls/summers working at Moundville. His work was instrumental in understanding the site.
no doubt!
on the same level as "Cake or Death," huh?
sweet! do you have anything posted? =))
Pretty girls who get who ever they want>>>>>>>>me :(
Okay, serious question: how old is Jose Contreras? Guess...no looking at baseball reference either, even though it's probably inaccurate.
what's that? You find twitter annoying, lol?
It aint true love until yall smoke a blunt together
Need a NBA playoff party fix soon!
SIRI DOES NOT WORK LIKE ON THE COMMERCIAL
Bye twitter! But if you need anything, tweet me because im on that account more often! Bye (:
for the mau maus to communicate to the large white population, they need 1/16 to help connect to them.
Wow... Reminds me of Troy smith vs penn state
A lot of people who've amassed great wealth haven't had that as their target at all. Wealth is only a by-product, not the motivation.
no word on the MVP shoe yet
Tomatoes warm from the garden, basil right off the plant, fresh eggs and butter=breakfast. Eat your view.
u can get them at the door too!
Jamming some new tunes
oh that's freakin brilliant! you should have taken a pic!
Follow Back ?
I'm on a self-imposed vacation. Going to DC to meet up with old friends tomorrow.
#metquestions Can I keep that dress after your done wearing it? ;)
And now for the final class of the week!
Nothing like cleaning to the sound of Couldn't get any better!
Next week works for me!!
Flipboard. It was the first app I tried that made me like my pad.
Very impressed RT ": Folks, Special prosecutor Angela Corey is no joke. She's not rattled at all by nedia #trayvon martin"
iight i got you in the am. Im about to knock out lol
I was born in 1986 and that's exactly how many twitter followers I currently have
Selling back books is such a beautiful thing.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity. – Peter F. Drucker
and I are trying to get down there before she starts grad schoolin' it.
Love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
No thank you! Look forward 2 getting more acquainted...don't hesitate!!!
If you could fly or breathe under water what would you prefer?
hello what's up cali
was I suppose to be tagged into this? :p
And u been watching RT : This nigga been sittin in front of the t.v. all day playin #2k , shame !
58degees in California. Say word!
ABSOLUTely Sister. Love you!
It's snowing quite heavily, almost a whiteout, I'm kind of glad winter finally showed up.
your bio is a tad more specific than your brothers check it out.
Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta coming up next hour! Until then your phone calls, 303-297-1510. Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Soft foods like tomatoes and breads...
Can't sleep.
I may be just one person, who none of you have ever met. You may not care but I lost respect for a lot of you. I would be embarassed myself.
as it should be
What up homie! Still working on tracks?!?!
Dance time! <3
Thanks for the Trig pile up worksheet! Looks fun!
New location lol(;
=P i wish haha
This is the 3rd time at UK that 3 players have scored their 1,000th career point in the same season (1983-1984 and 1991-1992 are the others)
Thanks for connecting people with us #FF PeggyNoland
you are the best. Miss ya dearly
What? o:
Doesn't mean I'm not open to it being brought to my attention. PS.
wow alright then lol
okay great goo night.
Down at University Blvd at a post game block party. Go Cats!
Leadership: The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
A word of the wise: do not make someone laugh while they are brushing their teeth. They will cover you in toothpaste snow.
super busy today slowly following a sunspot on the floor.
beautiful and true words.
because he is the most exciting athletes and sports
You know what that means <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Whatever your goals are, aim beyond them
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~ Wayne Dyer ~
The guys in my school care freak out about shoes more than the girls do
It is NOT Ariana Joan Grande. I don't know who you're talking about. It's Ariana Grande-Butera.
Thanks Christian, hope all is well. We are following back.
lol I know huh
Omg his dogs name is batman
yup just about to pass st.Louis
well maybe not because everyone I've asked said they didn't see my name.
Watching BBC report than Spaniards pulled €1bn out of Bankia in the last week. The likelihood of Greece still being in the € next month? Nil
Looking forward to tomorrow's wine tasting at BullFish
It's never too late to begin branding
If anyone is at all interested in contributing to our show, please let us know! Email:
<U+263A>Read study and learn about everything important in your life
I can't stand this!!!!! I need to get out of this place!! I swear I'm going to die
SS excited for Million Dollar Listing: LA to be back on!!:)
Stick around.
I'm so excited. My wife is going to be home for the next week and a lot closer for the entire summer!!!
Tom Brady looks rattled.
Agents 4 motivating factors abbreviated MICE - Muscle, Intensity, Charisma, Endurance!
Today is going to be beautiful - I've got Irish blood so you know what that means...plus #sxsw fun tonight!
If I could go back & do it all over again...
Temple Run is on the Android Market now. :)
put me in my place w/ blond stereotypes. She continues to crush celebrity poker tourney. Sorry Angel!
I was listening. Outstanding performance. RT : Tune-in tonight at 7:30p to hear 's mesmerizing in-studio session!
I stopped complaining about my tattered shoes ever since I met the guy with no feet.
well that will explain the pick
We're in the library!
Was a good run while it lasted. (sigh)
is back in Georgia!
Stopping by in Amsterdam by any chance? Proud of you, senor writer! Maybe Europe is your new market!
packing ... leaving oahu and moving to maui
Mad at and for getting my hopes up I would see them and then them not come after all..shame on you two
Thanks for the RT/shout out! :)
Continually grateful for having to take those stupid typing classes in high school.
one of the only reasons i get on here is to stalk , yeah i know im weird but i love those 3 men
am sure someone is out there trying to license Elvis, Jimi, michael, Amy etc as we speak....
Like a G6
captain price (me) gets called for missions everyday so i have to finish all my work here before i go to the mission
Buttermilk-Blue Cheese Dip Recipe from Bon Appétit
Ford Recalls 280000 Pickups
To provide a running experience for all individuals who want to participate regardless of their abilities.
daily #homeschool tip: autie,add etc kids are kinetic learners. if they r moving they r #learning. if made to sit they learn only how to sit
#ImThatPerson who might forgive you... but never forget what you did.
Good luck with the home tour this weekend! We're sure you have so great stuff to show off!
I just heard my mom telling one of her friends the modern day meaning of "cougar". I couldn't help but laugh!
AW SHIET. ;D
Thanks for the follow Vinyl Judgement is looking forward to your tweets.
any plans to add more cars in East Boston?
Girls have so much obsession
well then thank you j.o.n <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
That's a terrific photo Nica, but I can't figure out what those are, deer, antelopes or something else. Fun trip eh :-)
Yeayuh Red Sox! Way to win that NY Series!
u having that fight this weekend?
This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes
HAHA dish washing at the restaurant on friday #gross can my own dad fire me? lmao
Deep purple bangles and cuff coming up soon.
and yesterday THREE 34 buses driving together. what's the point? where's the accountability?
Agreed, I live a few blocks from there, love to snag them now and again.
You may find the worst enemy or best friend in yourself. English Proverb
Jeff van Grundy and mike Breen announcing/announced both the miami and warriors game today.
I like those colors too !
If you love your then RT this to get country groups to perform for our troops at Fort Hood #Texas. Follow
Yay Central Ohio! Central Ohio Music Scene
this is simialer just with more weights like p90x is a lot of pushups and jumping around lol this one uses a stability ball.
Reaching for the stars taking everyone with us!
watch your back whitty.
My tweet count is at 666... Had to change it
' An the thing I hate the most is him only saying shit wen he mad . . . .
Demi's next stop on her tour: Rio!
It's going to be hard to find people tonight
“: Just seen a dude rockin yoga pants and uggs-__-” hahah me and saw him too!!
Being lactose intolerant sucks!!..especially since I still eat dairy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I've got plenty to say!
Nice!! RT : It's official -- #1WTC is the tallest building in New York. Did you watch that with me? Awaiting live newser.
Sad day.......lost my Dad.. Love and u will b in my heart 4 ever
which school was it that had their own version of kickstarter?
First parts admitting, second parts commiting, third parts living.......
well. Ok
Damn anotha broken heart
I most definitely am!!!
“: Immaculate Misconception cover tonight.” dual cover? :3
LOL! RT : Now where was this when I was in 5th grade and failing?
Try these #acupressure pts before sleep. Rub right above your inner eyebrow and on either side of your nostrils. Stimulate & rejuvenate skin
Who tryna match
just told me she forgot that she had a twitter! what the heck is wrong with her hahaha
Bummed I can't make next week's presentation w/ and in #NYC!
Beautiful Monday morning , shouldn't fall always be like this?
RT You might as well substitute "not seeing vaginas" for "call of duty" when you say "i'm really good at call of duty"
Tiesto and Deadmou5 at Studio Paris! just happy to be part of it all!
In order to succeed, you must first be willing to fail. ~ Author Unknown
Your golf clubs miss you! Take them on a vacation to remember. Golf packages at unbeatable prices. Everything you need. www.FreeXpedia.com
Make sure your bags don't have any straps or hooks sticking out that could get caught on something and damage your bag.
thanks kell!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764> love u too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#tedxuchicago I am looking for geography, sociology, anthropology students to collaborate w/ my classes on a neighborhood project next year
Let's Go Showtime!!!
sad to see the Packers lose even though i am not really a fan I was rooting for them.
can't wait for this weekend and SO glad all the festivities are at Bird's!
Happy birthday!
I love you<3
I just want everything to be ok.
"Hope is tomorrow's veneer over today's disappointment." Evan Esar, quoted in the New Brunswick Daily Gleaner
tomorrow mother day bt my old g been trippin on a nigga over the most little things smh
And now you alter my plans for my day off of work thx alot
Wow RT : I only hope I see few shots in Cotto/Mayweather as good as the straight right I saw in a 16U game today.
It's always a little sad taking vegetarian friends to food events where they can only eat the sides. Good on ya.
Skypencil's Dream
Yea..U dnt learn untill u see for ur self.
That's just a pure Mona Lisa...
Your the #ONLYONE I'd really want a realasionship right now<3
hello avril how are u?
Indeed you're right- correction noted. Thanks!
Q1: What famous country music singer owned a home along the Pithlachascotee River from 1979 until 2002?
In dreams and in love there are no impossibilities
is gonna eat rock n' roll noodles and watch Medium :-)
because John Thompson Sr no longer pawns his players to him.
Last day at #WON12. Excited to hear Phily Mayor Michael Nutter speak!
Today is the 6-yr anniversary of & my 6-yr anniversary being with the company. Our future looks brighter than ever. Great ride!
#win RT : nope. I'm in town for a friend's bday party. I will be sporting my earrings though.
Lebron got engaged? At least his wife will get a ring.
I missed the bus -_-
Feel very caught between the worlds of data visualization and designing products for consumers. In love with both.
RT : provides good eg of best practice from disciplinary societies in supporting researchers
37 downloads you shouldn't miss this week
I live in Orlando. What are you specifically looking for help with? I'd love to chat if it's within my area of knowledge. :)
I've got a 7:00 am flight Sun am and would love to share a cab. meet in the lobby? what time?
there is always tonite !!! First Friday food truck event!!! You can get a spud And a slice o pie..old national center
Thanks for the follow. Finally, a 100th follower that I don't have to block for porn spam!
Sushi #Friday date night cooking class with Phillip!
#smalltownusa lunch tweet. Easter is taking over my store. Aghhhhh
Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. Mind=Blown
your photos in are stunning.
Great, thanks! Glad the parking laws are relaxed.
YOU LOVE YOUR ITALIAN FOOD!
I am ashamed and hurt to see that coming from someone I've known my whole life.
“: As a joke, I would love to stand in line at ATM machines, and when people put in their PIN, I yell “Got it!” and then run away. #TD”
good morning! producing a hot track rite now
are we sure the injury wasn't caused by Rafael Soriano hitting the ACL with a steel chair?
I took a walk by a clock, so I passed the time
Thank You :) <3
first drink of the day?!?!?!
WE´RE JUST TWO LOST SOULS SWIMMING IN A FISH BOWL! YEAR AFTER YEAR. Wish You Were Here <U+2665>
What type of things would you suggest in a song that i'm writing?I'm naming it,"Life with you".Its for a special girl I know.
And the vendor bitching begins.
It's Friday tomorrow, so , THERE'S VIDEOS HUH? :D
Imma fa real eat nothing but fruits and vegetables for a week.
haha, In San Francisco, u can't even be in an efficiency w/ $50K/yr
awesome as hell
One Direction -
I got my White glasses on and I'm feeling like a tool right now...yea.
I know you already selected a winner. I think he's saying don't worry y'all I won't hit the jet dryer truck!!!
60 to 0 in a matter of minutes.
this is my last tweet for the night see ya guys i luv u
My worst DC fear came true today...going to the wrong airport. Let's hope that's the last time.
Noting better than a lazy Sunday
#3WordsForYou play in traffic
The amount of chocolate and peanut butter I've already consumed this week is borderline inappropriate.
FEWER! Do Fat Candidates Get Less Votes?
“: Z-bound > Z Cavaricci” Bravo,Tony! My favorite tweet of the night!
Thanks for sharing.
You are awesum Erin. RT : I do what I can
also shouldn't it be faster? especially for the price premium. :-)
Raspberry fans, we've got your flavor! Doesn't chocolate cheesecake with raspberry sound good? M...yummy!
The #reds have this in the bag unless Bill Hall somehow parachutes in.
nope now I do tho :) lol
Dear potential furniture buyer from Craigslist, being an hour late is not cool. I had plans today, jerk!
Same here :P ha
God Morning Twitter!
Be ready for Spring storms with a battery-operated backup sump pump system!!!
Oh man, what happened?
a fan no matter where..if true, blessings in NY, brother!!
My first #ff my friend love her blog about life, family and jumping with your fingers crossed
RT : The Meet is on Sunday, April 15! A "social media" event that costs only a smile! Come!
someone got their smart phone! Nice avi!
you're impossible to find.
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." Wishing everybody a fun safe New Years!!
Rain rain go away!!
I'm totally next door..lol
I am strong in Christ. In prayer my mind is open to ideas that are strong and true I feel an inflow of strength.
eek! scary suprise. i like my greek yogurt with honey.
Hot date with my sicky self tonight.
you're so cuuuutttteeeeeee.
Rephrase on the celebrities needed for casino night...the event is Jan. 23rd. www.midatlanticvolleyball.com.
i went from 294 2 301 and u guys r ALL awesome for gaining for me
Black Friday is the day that launches the christmas shopping extravaganzza.
"What are you listening to?" "The Psychedelic Furs." "Who?"
I wish frost killed crows like it does insects.
The Expendables 2 Releases Awesome Posters - WebProNews
I'm done with this half-cold that's been hanging about... you're either in or you're out...either way, let's just be DONE.
I think I'm in love with this new girl who's lives across from me :( why must I fall in love so fast
I love tryin to bake shit and follow recipes and stuff. But I don't have money to do it anymore :(
I wanted to ask is your podcast on iTunes? :-)
Setting arms today (most important part for it to hang right) I can have the next two days for wiring video cam & laser sight :)
A spark of confidence changes a moment. A spark of love brings out the moment.
Student requests: More of 's Babymouse, Haddix series, & books about origami. I can do that!
Oh. May 22 is a good birthday. I wouldve never been drafted during the vietnam war...(; Joining anyways
Ehhh, I'll do it tomorrow
Glad to know is a member of #SigmaNu fraternity! Well done, my Greek brother, from a #DeltaZeta fan!
Perseverance... keeps honor bright: to have done, is to hang quite out of fashion, like a rusty nail in monumental mockery.
Just Because We Share Blood Doesnt Make Us Family...
I only charge $15 for a lease . Plus a 3 for 2 deal .
ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE ALONE
No problem!
Thanks to everyone who supported Lovesick Clothing during #onething11 we appreciate the continued support.
You're a graphic designer, too? When I'm not writing shirts for Jomadado, I am a freelance graphic designer. Free shirt if you want
Our convo's >>
Are any non-EU citizens out there #TEFLteachinginWestern Europe? Tell us how you're doing it and what it's like, please!
Look for me in the opening montage of "The Sing Off" premiering September 18th at 8pm on NBC!
welp. i failed that test. #ohwell :/
": Oh, your engaged at 16? I'm sure you will have a long and happy marriage." did I show u this already? Lol I forgot
Is PR your major? My school doesn't offer that.
hm....is that all?
I believe I may have found your debit card. Tweet back if you are missing one.
here Go Three O clock
idk lol. They get an attitude whenever i bring it up
#brewers bullpen has to be gassed.
that's what I thought
Oomf = one of my followers. Wtf are you talking about.
No matter the case, always on the outside.
Thanks to and for donating items for our #100bowls auction in May!
So although I was in mad traffic this morning, im definitely glad I didnt get caught in this hale! :-\
he's expecting her to act a fool, walk away, Tracey Edmonds got her own money
Old ppl shouldn't have e-mail -____- they click on the most stupid links
At a restaurant? I have mixed feelings on that.
This might not be news to some, but . . . Seau is the eighth Charger to die from franchise's 1994 Super Bowl team. All under the age of 45.
welcome. awaiting tweet
Until then I'll sing my song
love ya and mars too ...
The future big data role for fed libraries? Big data sets with analytical tools. Young
True, but I bet Gomez heard "you aren't good enough for my team," even if that isn't what PV said or meant.
I miss you guys!
I wanna meet u so bad I love u Charlie ur the shit can I please meet u tomorrow I'm ur biggest fan!!!
I mean, only reason to have physical loc code in e-journal record is if you have print/e- on 1 bib. And I spent days splitting those up!
Q3 Book displays on computer screensavers
U can transform the ambiance of ur home. 4 inspiration, fill the air w/ a fragrance that reflects your personal taste
Lisa and Johnny Radio Show TONIGHT! We missed you guys! Chat, Call in and listen!! 8:30pm PST Killola.com/radio
I trust him with my life... Any pitcher for the Tigers is a winner in my book
i follow can u put me into the contest thanks
So what's your "Cheer up" plan?? Make my day, come on!! you know you wanna.... ;)
thanks for the follow!
he averaged less than 4 ppg for his career and 12 mpg at UofL? Who by your standard isn't a "star"?
love you too! Miss you!
"look through my glass, open yourself to me, captured by my silver soldiers"-
Bored bored bored layn n bed
TSOI-NJ got his mits on LCD System tix for Monday.
I really miss you :'(
mama, remember me? :D hehe<3
yes. Thank you so much. You're an amazing person
oh a week of #vacation is coming! back home to Tennessee! then more gummy focus, work has been kicking my ass. :-)
gotcha some dresses up east Texas in ft worth.
Most wrestlers are! RT haha so far these 'wrestlers' sound more like comic book characters than pro wrestlers.
"I'm not going to lie to you, I've been listening to a lot of Sleater-Kinney lately."
hi I'm an up and coming actor looking to network with other actors. And find a mentor in the business. FB get rich or die trying
When the person you are texting falls asleep <<<
It's day 2 of #NYintern Project Semi-finalist Interviews. Entrants will interview with and
would certainly improve court stories on TV by a zillion levels
I get up early to try to get a ticket or 2 for the homerun derby, and of course my luck they were gone by the time I got to the order screen
Theodore Herman Albert Dreiser~ Religion is a bandage that man has invented to protect a soul made bloody by circumstance.
you rock!!!! thanks for all you do!!! let's get the stars to drop by. :)
That story on the little fan at getting visit from 2 players-coming up after
but it's the only way to see myself in the mirror with my eyes closed.
I think Newt is just going to sit there and fester all night long.
&& I am never really alone, I just always feel alone
call me!!
The saddest thing in alpha dog is Frankie was the only one who Could of helped the kid and he didn't .. That pisses me off
Sometimes I get really confused when Im the only one home... I thought I was the popular one?
Cars are made by factories, and eggs are made by hens. Rain is made by clouds, and kung pao is made by Chens. Order some in tonight at...
Damn tonight is dragging
Ok that is awesome!!
Thanks for the follow, Steven.
Frank Isola of NYDN with the lede of the week on Knicks and Amar'e: It wasn’t just the Heat, it was the stupidity.
I think you hit the nail on the head there, my friend!
Saw a moth on d floor,had an injured wing,was determined2 keep moving his wings so he could propel himself & fly again. #Inspired,DontGiveUp
Walks the bases loaded. You stink Ubaldo.
I probably didn't center the picture, but the black box is from coloring in the dark grey areas in MS paint. No photoshop.
Ya Boy M double O B- Day 4/22 Pourin Up Showin Up & Showin Out
#mhsm supporting suicide prevention
When did 'Outer Space' just become 'Space'?
oh ya go micky mouse
Futures are down right now.
love this pic. Makes me laugh. It's looks we're getting ready for a lineup.
Sounds like some INTENSE HAIL outside. Hope it's not too painful and our house doesn't sustain further damage!
I wish we'd chatted more too but lovely to find u here all the same. Hope u took a scone for the road.
is one of the best writers I have read in the DR space. Very well organized and articulate.
thats great .. love it
If you want the rainbow, you've got to put up with the rain.-- Dolly Parton
I beez in the trap.
Kennedy at AU in '08 for Obama it ain't.
I want to hear everything about your parisian life please!
Love the Love/Hate, but did it get cut off? No hate in the NL West other than Latos?
I think Nashville would be fun
Boots. Not much better than military issue spike proof black and green. I could walk through a scorpions nest no problem.
I would like to exchange follows/support. There is a free promotion site for more followers on my site. FREE!
how do i do shoutouts?:o like what do i say?:0 sorry im stupid:o
Just not gonna do anything
have fun and as grandpa would always say to us-don't lose the tickets!
Great article in this months on keep up the great work Matt!
I have had my full email on websites for years and don't receive any noticeable spam. Ok, do your worst :)
Thanks for the tweets!
Miguel's Art Dealer Chic mixtapes are on point.
Better real than plastic
Nice job Sam. RT Congrats to for being selected as one of the Downtown Council of Kansas City's 2011 Urban Heroes!
Pop an Addy now or later?
And I HOPE they don't think I wrote a salutatorian address, cos they definitely didn't tell me nothing.
True Minnesotian, but being a beach gal, (although I can take it) anything below 40 is glacial. Ha!
I'm out and about. Haven't had time to watch any playoff basketball today. Heard about D. Rose though.
and of course wickedly worse tasting
Jingles for Truvia are like nails on a chalkboard to me. Yuck.
i want to watch a really good movie, but idk what to watch .
She can prly swing a batt better then me :/ lol
Yes! Agree! And whole table was trying to swap out their "normal" matzo for mine at our Seder last night!
ugh ii never stand yu up.
Helping out grad students is awesome! Follow then share what YOU think is awesome.
Again thank you for the entries. We are allowing late submissions into the contest until the 23rd!
RT : Q1 via Do you usually go with package tours? Why or why not?
Long live the drama llama
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much. Oscar Wilde
Asked Sandals what Q she was stuck on...said she was just checking it over...too bad..was gonna give freebie...bad move sandals, bad move
what was the context
each highschools amount of students determines the size of the school and small schools like I went to were jus small proms
Except we actually have fans. Phoenix has the worst fans in the NHL, and that's an actual fact.
what's up dude
Dancing Wasabi: late night sushi for half price.
To me, the gut-level "why WOULD we do that?" is similar, as well as the usual "well, it's always been this way" rejoinder.
What is going on #superbowl #XLV #CAMERA MAN DOWN !
Le Bryan Nash is playing like its an AAU game.
me too. Im leaving as soon as ive worked 6 hours. I am tired and want my bed.
BoA: Too big to fail. Must shed 30K emps; must be too big to succeed. What's left? Maybe they will turn into a pumpkin!
lololololol. Thanks I did. Bout to get on Tha second wun :-/ here we go, btw good luck on the mcats!!!
When you play a game and only one other player on the team scores more than 5 pts. That ass is in trouble
I'm not angry I'm just saaayyyyiiing, sometimes goodbye is a second chance #NP <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
i would actually love that <3 I beleive i am available Wedensday. Would that work?
#NorthCarolina Has Damage Buildings and Flooding. Power is out in many places. Many without power
Thanks! RT Loving your November project. Thanks for the follow & keep up the great work.
watching the tarzan cartoon with my baby cousin <3
Stupid Haters I Swear ! -____- Why Talking About he's Making More Money While You Keep Hating ! Go On&&Hate ! :)
How girls with D-cups wear strapless dresses: with a regular bra and a cardigan.
“: Kinda weird a pro-lifer has a band called Megadeath.” Probably loves capital punishment, too.
Making hits over here:-)
Is anyone buying craig james bs on da herd???
Yay!!! Me and Kim #ForTheWin RT haha thanks! I'll have a drink on my next flight in your honor :p
Ian bought a new bass. Jammed with him for a few hours this weekend. Felt good.
Easter tacos at san antonio taco company with
I don't know Spanish :(
its about loud :30 in da morning... tah ah ah!
Just signed up to knock on doors sat for Barrett. Inspired by #divideandconquer. No way. We must turn out #June5 to
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
Another Monday! Come get one of tasty donuts @ Wheatsville!
#ThingsMyChildhoodConsistedOf a whole lotta chocolate. #ThingsMyManhoodConsistOf a whole lotta chocolate! Yea sumthings u just cant give up.
&#39;Field School&#39; allows study of archaeological dig
#cnndialogues #HenryCisneros : Impoverished are dehumanized. Callousness breeds in America now. Our country needs to care.
heres hopin ur weather is better than ours in toledo ... hate when it rains..this steel in my back feels like its comin out when its damp
the round blue fox waslked past the tired dog.
When girls laugh just way too much <<<<>
@ wovenworks1, Thanks for the shout outs and RTs!
In session on Quest-Based Evaluation Schemes / Grading With XP
What you think about while watching a romantic movie; 5% - AAWW!! 5%- im going to find love like this some day 90% - IM GOING TO DIE ALONE
Fact: About 500 small meteorites fall to earth every year but most fall in the sea and in unpopulated areas.
yay! How u been?
HELLO MY DEAR FRIEND WINDEL!!!
U ALREADY FINE...
...for that number. Most of the "jobs lost" are public employees getting out so they dont have to kick in for bennies.
hey neighbor, welcome to the twittersphere!! And def hit us up if you'd like to talk #socialmedia :-)
proud of you
My chick bad - Friday the 13th gues whos playing jason? #KillerLINE PERFECT to hearr it on friday 13th ;)
2 fmr NFL stars say it's a difficult transition to post football life on Also agree on more brain study need.
Should be filling out paperwork, but is staring at her new Nathan Fillion Reads poster instead!
I should have learned Japanese!!!
lol you have a twitter?
Thank you to all the volunteers who raise breast cancer awareness and make Bowl for the Cure events happen! You are AMAZING!
4-6-79 Jake Roberts wins Calgary North American title from "Big Daddy" Ritter aka Junkyard Dog
i hate bein lied too ! tf i look like !
hm? i know where it is. UTA THATS A SMALL ASS VENUE. HOLDS 8000 people
I agree but I think Elway likes Tebow as much as Chief Inspector Dreyfus liked Inspector Clouseau. Jax is good fit for Teb
I didn't know that Joss Whedon was involved - will definitely see it now! Did you see "Cabin in the Woods"?
Giddy Up! It's is Double Points Wednesday 8-11 and Golden Girls, Designing Women and Will and Grace on the Big Screen!! Giddy UP!
did you just move in?
it won't be the same without you! :-(
Can't decide wether I want a blackberry or an iPhone...hhhmmm?? This one is a toughy
Oakland County really took back the night yesterday. What an awesome event.
A4: Michael Fassbender is simply scrumptious so why not have something as decadent with him?
Chillin in Michael Vick country.... Where my dawgs at???? Oops
NIGERIA next week, Can't wait
Yeah, I'm sure Ron Paul has all kinds of plans to prevent that, too. I guess we'll never get to find out now!
cool! Is it SOC? I think I cannot audit from the SOC :(
thank you! I have to speak to them, but I would like to find a place to #meetup somewhere not as loud as liquid in two weeks
Dude You Look So Diffrent And I Just Saw Your Movie The Wackness Last Week Freakin Awesome But I Miss Drake And Josh
Craving a bowl of rice krispies.
It will be up soon after the team comes back, it was taken down as a safety precaution for our folks down there right now.
that was dope...i haven't seen anything like that b4
I'm Only Gonna Break Break Yo, Break Break Yo Heart. I'm Only Gonna Hear Hear That, Hear Hear That Once
i could seriously live in !!! yum
Independent artists tell you their dreams and a perspectives. Listen!
Learning #TweetDeck thanks to Love it, but talk about #informationoverload!
To be a republican is to attend the largest organized party for cock blocking in history.
Wow! You really CAN see me!!!
29 more days until graduation!!!!!
Ozzie's genius is pragmatism: if there's no quality ILB or Safety he won't take one just because he wishes there were
#mla12 brunch at Toulouise Petit: best meal is Seattle so far. Beignets and Eggs Benedict with avocado and tomato. Yum.
"Is there a chance, a fragment of light at the end of the tunnel, a reason to fight. Is there a chance you might change your mind?" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
We now offer FREE, U.S. Made, Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet tube samples (3-pack) for just the cost of shipping ($4.94)! Try some....on us!
Thanks Lady Luck 4 real.I doubled my money when i added you Friday night at my poker game!I was down 50
Guess who is ready for the Reds game? THIS GIRL RIGHT HERE! <3
I can't see it! What is it, and what does it say??
You're correct and thank you!
Where you @?
#ABC is really crushing it with the commercials. Making up for lost advertising after the UH game?
My heartfelt condolences go out to the Visionary Founder of Apple Inc.; Steve Jobs: his wife, children, colleagues & dear friends on his ...
Sounds great! Plus we all love beer ;-)
Another bomb threat at Pitt. This time Cathedral of Learning.... I'm reconsidering ever returning
you looked fresh as hell last night killed the stage son! :-) #ProudICONiac <3
If someone were to write a biography of my life, pretty sure 2012 would be called "year of dreams coming true"
Using my feet to rock my lil niece to sleep because my hands are too busy typing this tweet right now.
I totally have thong panty gnomes. Or I sleep around too much.
YOU USED UP ALL THE GLUE ON PURPOSE!
not sure yet. Im going to windo shop 2day": What are u guys gonna where to the PlayBoy Mansion? "
I miss
I got some (: This shit is strong. My fingers were totally stuck together for a minute haha
PARADE FLOAT!
I wish I could! Visited years ago and it was gorgeous! Someday I hope to come back.
Go with getting cooler. Definitely.
a long time i havent tweeted
Never : I think I want to dye my hair black again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Big dreams<<
Even though you're a million miles away. When you're born in the USA. You live those glory days. So long ago.
First Hill.
The one night I could actually fall asleep early and can't because I'm studying for finals...
are you actually in Spain? Love it there! Lived there for 8 wonderful years
Nope. Link?
Ate breakfast at the Waffle House..great waffles. I wish that I could cook better..especially since I am a Food Scientist in my career life.
A couple months ago I applied to be on 's Consumer Advisory panel & just found out I was accepted! (Really a win)
im Down when your ready Brother!!! JTP/Tat shop"!!!! we dont stop!!! gonna own the World!!!! Jo-Wayne
You done goofed. x)
Thanks! Glad you think so. Thanks for the support!
It's like a party where you dress all fancy and wear these like fancy weird masks and dance like ballroom hahaha! :D
what time is check-in? I may head down to nyc on sunday afternoon, fyi... Looking fwd to the trip!!
Dear lunch, you have failed me again. Unfaithfully yours, Starving Yet Again.
Creepy, right? Very likely it's a curious ex-girlfriend & not someone looking for my poem, "Wife and Child Leave Mr. Walton.."
RT : #AJA would cut employer payroll taxes in half for 98% of biz freeing up resources to hire more workers
#pac10 #Oregon #Ducks Hey, let's keep it going for another 20 minutes -- same tough defense and aggressive offense. Go Ducks!!!!
A quarrelsome wife is like a constant dripping on a rainy day
I use to watch Drake & Josh religiously as a youth haha
Thats some shit tho..out of all places in the summer..the tour aint coimg to miami....
Daydreaming while you're reading! Gotta love i!
Did you know that we are a certified Hunter Douglas Master Level Shutter Installer? (How's that for a title?)
This Friday.....the XFACTOR band will be showing off! Starting at 8pm.
Back atchya, pretty! RT: Shout out to
NOW it's #Christmas for me! Bout time
Thanks! “: Calling all #InternationalWomen Check 'em, Love 'em and let's find breast cancer EARLY. #Let'sCelebrateBoobs”
No prob! I have told a bunch of my #writing friends about your blog too:)
Hey all, please show some love and follow my new record label who will be releasing my next album 'Nick Vayenas. #New music
Despite the story, it wasn't just Leopold II, the Belgians liked being imperialists
Day 3 at #nntc11 winding down. No-Till Innovators, comedian Drew Hastings on deck for Friday night banquet. Ready to relax.
HaRT: happy birthday krusst :D i love you! We need to hang out soon <3 have a great day & dont get TOO fucked up. LOL :*
I can't find the video for -- what am I missing?
dm would you be interested in a ground breaking story regarding an academic leap forward made eliminating most or all book costs?
Hey what's up peeps
So my son keeps asking me what are me and his mom taking about, I said grown folks talk. Watching him play baseball
you both have missed too many College Baseball Rain-Delay entertainment to make that call...
The #thud you just heard is my head hitting the desk.
Clouds filled with stars cover the sky!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
#idol - Easy song for Joshua since JB can't sing. He did good until the screamo ending. Good overall.
Keep the guesses coming in on Facebook! We'll announce a winner before the office closes for the Thanksgiving Holiday!
#Brewers GM Doug Melvin joins us in 2 minutes!! SportsRadio
Hey thinks for the invite, we would like to be apart of your next event
What do you think is the best exercise for your spine?
Nina Dobrev at the Met Gala... no words. Homegirl turned it OUT! Early congrats on all the best-dressed lists she'll make.
Need to paint my toes in the morning before I leave for school!
RT FL Gov Rick Scott urging calm post #Zimmerman announcement "allow our justice system to reach an appropriate conclusion"”
Are you up for the NHRA Drag Racing Winternationals taking place today at the Pomona Raceway, CA. Call now for the tickets: 888-493-0004
Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key. Alan Bennett
dope picture!
You're so annoying, leave me alone.
Just got done spinning at the T-bar so much fun! Tonight in Frisco at Ollies...party!!
"I never knew Nike made cowboy boots."
cant tell you :) lol
Ciroc peach= winning!!!!
that small ass bacon
no I meant the Navarro thing
Did you send the "visitors" home before she returned?
Must. Not. Lie. Down.
Congrats! we hope you win!!!
come to boe
is the hangover over yet? Was last night real? Help.&
Time for some DIRTY DUTCH
nothing like hittin the gym early in da morning!
Having a Ball at White House Soccer Summit
thank you just like daddy lol
Woah. RT : Seau becomes 8th member of the 1994 Chargers Super Bowl team to die...
I saw...made me laugh by the way you said it but at the same time it depresses me
After seeing the hotel this morning, I know one thing... Jersey people know how to have fun!
Home watching the game. Knicks baby
dawg Clemens, Maddux, and Johnson were the top 3 pitchers in baseball at the time they were all in their prime
hey austin
Right center homerun from david wright! Bout time we brought the fences in where he likes to hit em!
What's the difference between erotic and kinky? Erotic = using a feather Kinky = using the whole chicken
I am on hold with our local office, I fear that the lady has forgotten that I'm on hold. Otherwise she has been positively lovely.
Save your money. Just buy a nice condo across from ABC instead.
That doesn't happen until day 2
Keep your eyes open :)
When I get your email, you would like a screen shot/copy back of that?
is the #Xfactor ! Gotta love this girl
I love all these hot porno babes that keep trying to follow me. Wish they'd follow me in RL!
just have to watch it on my phone it's loading on theat *sighs*
thanks for the tweet of support. :) Much appreciated!
Watching The Last Song during intermission. I have no problem seeing Liam Hemsworth's shirtless body while waiting. No problem at all <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
That mood i get when i'm with you
I watch my daughter play soccer, and swear that I would be on all fours panting and crying after 1 period! Let alone a marathon!
and I bet that dog could make a smarter remark about governor SP
and my other halves :) yoooo when are we going on our adventure?!
ha NEVER HEARD OF ETT... :)
#RandomThoughtsOnMyMind what if we found a way to build a robotic refrigerator???
Throne Of The House Of Good and Evil BLAZING at The Hideout. Fucking awesome music.
The worst frozen pizza tastes better than the freshest salad.
Its amazing how fake people can be....Be Real... Only Real....2011 time to Rise Up....NueWave Productions for all your video and audio needs
If your a boy and you take longer than 5 min. To get ready in the morning
Also, read #LeagueofExtraordinaryGentlemen books 1910 & 1969 over the weekend. Now must re-read rest of series, then read again.
Sorry for the delay y'all!(: and OKC tied at 1-1 in OT.
as in, before three French hens??
Thinking about wearing a Shaun Livingston jersey for #SexyResults. Thoughts?
Thanks, Would love to meet someday. Any friend of is a friend of mine!
the Bath Junkie experience was wonderful. Wish I could go back there tohis morning
how come you deactivated facebook??
we're all living in amerika.
twitter on the computer O_o
Your thoughts?RT : Who wins Cain or dos Santos?
Full of steak and beer. Ready for bed.
Thank you!! RT : Friday Night CHI-CITY Hot Spots:
Music time :)
Just work my dad was not feeling well for awhile so that made me even more busy
you know me so well! :)
Yeah - I totally didn't get Twitter.
Thank you, thank you very much. I think I might have to buy every color now! haha
Relationships aren't only about loving. It's about giving, understanding, and trusting.
RT : You might have heard, or even have had an opinion on the matter. Well, now it's official! Santa Fe, NM has the......
"I'm sorry, I wasn't listening" is a COMPLETELY unprofessional response as a CEO.
Sexy ass dental assistant is attending me :)
#BenedictObama compromising his Administration's values to appease Tea Partiers, selling out Americas children, poor and elderly. Turncoat!
I don't make love to my hand , I rape it.
it's getting around
Oh yeah! I'm good :) Just subtweeting back to someone! ;) You know how that goes!
I hate being single
Coltons safe ah #messengers #idol <3
That froyo was bombass and definitely hit the spot <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
If I'm the big bad internet bully, why would I just a somewhat famous person with a much larger following than me as a "victim?"
#whendiditbecomecool: Good things come to those who smile. Have you smile today? Keep smiling.
Turner Hall for 's birthday and the Naked and Famous show!
saw DRIVE this weekend ... loved it! Wanna go back and see it again.
killing it right now on SHADE 45!!! Feeling like I'm in a dope ass time machine!!
ATTENTION FOLLOWERS: Anyone do interviews or reviews?
: that would be nice!! Good luck with everything!
S/O to my new followers! I followed back! RT and have your friends follow ya girl! One!
Sad part is Kobe folded in the last few minutes, cant believe I'm saying that
To be fair, her daughter is pretty ugly and needs some tanning.
Highest I've ever been in my life.. Paramount recording studio mix session for "I don't Chase em" ft. snoop & I was the runner
Hales says it time to "have a memorial service" for Sustainability Center
AND GWAR OH JESUS
It's impossible to lose you because I never had you.. Although I would be glad to.
The akward moment when you discover that smile in you face, obviously texting with him
I still refer to a little boy. It breaks my heart to see him grow up, but at the same time, I'm proud of him.
On my way to Israel to play the Red Sea Jazz Festival with my trio. Gonna be fun...
listening to Plants and Animals -- how did i miss these guys? Parc Avenue is terrific.
Happy bday big celebrations tomorrow!
Too kind! Thanks! This was a great place to work a billion hours making a show.
thank you, tat sounds cool, don't think I've seen anyone with that.
u are
“: Hello Twitter! And they said it would never happen. Oh wait, that was me.” YES.
haha they are funny, I haven't watched them in a long time. Watch Airplane! too if you have never seen it.
How can marketing help anthropology research funding? Research sample populations are also sponsor target audiences
Been in the same spot on the highway for about 45 minutes. Haven't moved an inch. Georgia, this isn't making me happy!
!!!! RT : I like the story I wrote today but I can't tell you about it until it's posted, which may not be til tomorrow.
Food Fact of the Day: April 17, 1810 Lewis M. Norton of Troy, PA was issued the first U.S. patent for pineapple cheese. Yum, I guess?
is the love of my life <U+2665>
I missed 24 minutes of glee, glad I'm recording it.
Thx! : RT : I am about to receive a Resolution from the GA House of reps for my community service #blessed > yay!
"Spike Lee, the man who single-handedly proved that chunky eye glasses do not make you smart..." Great line from
the luckiest ! ;)
#fridayreads Just started The Book of Salt by Monique Truong about Gertrude Stein's and Alice B. Toklas's gay Vietnamese cook.
They will be here for filming in a few weeks--a doc on the history of tobacco. I'll cover the 18th-c. and the American Revolution.
during the next intermission, can you find out how much coffee Doc has had tonight? How does he do it?
that's my song
I was born on ORKUT, stayed in FACEBOOK and now I am living my life to the fullest in TWITTER.<U+2665>
thanks! will post some pics assuming they don't turn out awful.
Lets swap appraisal management company information • Contact me!
- is this really that big of an issue?
#NowPlaying "Brighton Beach" by
First visit to the UAE, Dubai, and Fujairah. Wonderful hospitality at the 3rd Fujairah Media Forum. People from Arab media and academics.
Mart it..
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo Broken hearts heal...eventually.
I agree reg big east, although I am unsure about gtown due to a weak draw, could make a run along with Marquette.
like tbh blair got what she deserved cause she's been fucking with chuck the whole time though
so happy cause my baby likes his new phone
follow back please :)
"Plans" and "Restless" both moved to the next round of the West Coast Songwriters International Songwriting Competition. Wish me luck!
Hope you made into store safely, our lil lady is much happier, seems chipper playing with big brother lou at moment,love u
I think is worthy of those tickets ! :)
Wow. Wow, wow, wow.
FYI I've moved past your stapler and am now stealing your phone charger.. nice to have useful deskmates
Hmm. Almost spent $40 on a shop digital angle measure. Till I found 3 for free in the app market. Gotta love technology!
We will be recording the talk. Look for a podcast soon!
#dh11 Word frequency as a way of determining "style" to differentiate authorship of medieval texts? I'm (perhaps unjustifiably?) skeptical.
Hey I heard the sold out today! #Peopleturnedaway Will I be able to get in tomorrow??
HBD to my bro !
Better be Range Rover All Wood
sup we finna party tonight?
When people tell me my face has cleared up a little (it's dark and I have a bag over my face) ._.
please follow if rider rankings were based on class, these guys would be near the top.
Tomorrow my dad of new yeaha good night
wow! how did that happen?
Spent a lovely spring afternoon with COME IN AND COVER ME by Gin Phillips #FridayReads A very enjoyable read!
hoping to have the new episode out in late august but we'll see. already talking about
Songs creep up on you at the worst of times. A song that was once your favorite, played during a horrible situation, now holds that meaning
Oh NATO Summit...should have come as OTAN and fooled all the protesters!
Taking picts of a home project and uploading to flickr as a presentations, cell phones win again.
Has anyone been to an event at the Frankling Theatre in Franklin, TN? I have a question about seats.
Just saw a clip of Obama doing a bracket on ESPN. Future presidents take note.
why don't I have ur number?! Wtf haha
I'm surprised I can't spot you on TV, presumably rocking Black & Gold in a polluted sea of Ovechkin jerseys.
oh, War Games is a great idea.
Wednesday, Dec. 21 145pm Aston Villa vs Arsenal computer Manchester City vs Stoke City Fulham vs Man United Wigan vs Liverpool computer
beautiful day outside >>>
I love Matt chalk he's the best I love him with all my heart love him so much he has the best body ever:)
Got to utilize my Italian speaking skills to give directions to an Italian tourist. Yes
tyler seguin is going to rule the city of boston in 3-4 years. That. was. scintillating.
Oh my God. DOUBLE RAINBOW. It's so intense. WHAT DOES IT MEAN?! Double Rainbow across the sky!
been out of the loop this week.Thx for the #FF & comment on the Steiger shoes. Wondered why I hadn't seen the brand in forever
they all went well thank you :) I am done with exams yaaay
DYK? Grace Ann Bumbry- International Opera Singer is a member of Z PHI B ..
it would b the best thing that happend today if u followed me :D
lol I swear bro..
what is this bbq?! I keep seeing mention of it all over the twitterverse.
Ron arrest should be arrested n banned from basketball!
took a mental health morning :-) best decision today!
Yeah I think too! Lmao!
Thank you! It was a lovely Sunday. I'm totally refreshed for the work week. What have you been up to?
You're welcome! RT : Thanks for the Boston perk-up today! That fourth shot of espresso makes a difference :)
you're coming right BEFORE is 21? Let me know what your plans are. I have dinner plans Fri and going out plans Sat.
RT : There is a Walmart employee leaning against the wall smoking a big joint. I feel no judgement.
Something big going on right now w/ #Anonymous since the passing of #CISPA earlier today: Check out
im the only one who said it on Facebook!
'Happiness is where we find it, but rarely where we seek it.' - J. Petit Senn
I seriously get the weirdest cravings at night..
Maybe the Dingo ate your baby...
classic carissa right there
We all know that would get butt-cised for an RGIII corn maze.
Was Illinois secretly as good as Alabama last season? Guess this reconfirms Nick Saban better coach (and recruiter) than Ron Zook
Thankful that AT&T and the CWA will continue negotiating and I can reap the benefit of Easter prep instead of climbing poles tomorrow! : )
Paris is next this time of year
hmm good point... there's probably overlap. maybe #richhipster is both men and women. maybe they wear different eyewear.
pretty sure I'll be there tonight, but not till later. My girlfriend gets off work at 11, so we'll head to your party after that.
Ugh. I keep telling myself to get to bed earlier. Never actually go through with it, though.
The Season Opener tour continues today with stops in New Albany and Jasper. Looking forward to sharing IDOE's vision with Indiana educators.
Yes everyone please go follow jose canseco its glorious
HEAVY HAND plays tonight with Nervous Curtains & Catacombz! 10pm!
Silverwood Studios would like to thank all of the men and women who do and have served our country in the armed forces on this #Memorial Day
I like Gurley and he should be a part of the future, but nobody hauls the ball in like DD!!! guy was the sharpest against NYG!!
This game is boring
You are welcome!
Bob joined the cause Answer Obama's Call to Renew America Together through Service and Volunteering as a photographer on LI
we love the use of it, but we are not sure you are ready for graphics wrapping yet
Thanx for puttin up wit my shit and Thanx for helpin me get this far in life I love you mommy
David Pogue playing piano, singing songs at
You bet, please DM me details...
me too! And it was worth it. Now if we can go back to the days of griping at the AD for season Tic schemes...
I swear, if I read one more snarky rude customer email from someone who's problem is all user error, I'm going to flip my desk.
Dear Universal, you really disappointed me with your corndogs. I will never buy one again.
Um...no? Is this really up for discussion? If so that is sad.
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 510 1932 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW..
Childhood is the most beautiful of all the seasons <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
Need to follow
today I'll try again I'll give everything i got but can't seem to win i'm just a man with a song in his heart that keeps getting torn apart
love and miss you!! Happy early bday!!
#Packers Tickets giveaway starts in one hour!!! Get down to Brass Monkey!
isn't it an AMAZING feeling?(: Your dreams are starting to become reality<3
I think we should have four day school weeks more often..
Terrific title! Much better than I could have done!
YES! dude if i were your age i would be partying with them! haha your lucky!!!;D
Thx -- Wish I could join you in Barcelona! Happy New Year.
*Austin's offline* FUCK ME AUSTIN. YOU GOT THAT HOT BODY. LOOKING SEXY THERE. *Austin's online* You are my inspiration. Dreams do come true.
...we need to fire Reid
Had a great hour-long convo with an old friend last night. It's nice to connect with people the old-fashioned way...doesn't happen often!
coo, ima check em out now and git at you
ikr i just love her and justin bieber like he is the hottest thing in the world! like really!
Thank you Janice :-)
she left to have an IT friend help her with the data. Now someone stole the phone and BB will only give her loaner for $50!
or donate them to someone in need!
Happy Birthday!!
Thanks , we'll be sure to like you on Facebook! Check out our FHC App in the tabs below our cover photo, we just launched it!
today is my birthday and i would DIE if you said happy birthday !! (:
I couldn't agree more.
is back on Hart of Dixie!
Missing Mom but I know she's walking on streets of gold in Heaven! #God's Grace
Okay, I'm out in the open, new avi, real me, im ready
In other news, Firefox 27 has been released …
Whitney is my soul..
Bahah, Gtfo .:) I like all time low. Not fuckin lil Wayne. If I did, is have a fansite for him. Goodbye now.
bout to go smoke this port!!!
Sorry crazy busy.....I will give you a call tomorrow. Need to get a demo
You mind if I DM you something? You might be able to help me out.
I love learning sign language. So challenging and fun.
The Internet misses you. Have fun today!
I hate when ppl never show up for practice but then show up 1 day and its packed
I can only hope that's what S2 opens with.
Today is going to be an amazing day! 1)- Team BeachBody Paycheck. 2)-Fedex is bringing my Shakeology Tropical.
": tip for movie watcher, sprinkle some cayenne pepper on your popcorn #Awesome" rather use jalapeños on popcorn
Women in Sustainability THIS WEEK, MAY 17 - 20, Green Entrepreneurs Panel MAY 17 w
F U refs. Don't call the Lakers all over Gallo but then ya call that? Come on!
I would love to know what de-noise plugin you're using. All the ones I've tried are a pain or fail because of memory shortage.
Who's trying to send in an #AGT tape with me?
#teamdamonfizzy all the wayy....please please follow me I <<3 u lots
excellent - thanks, Monica
RT We will be selling Milwaukee Brewfest tickets. They are $40 AND they include one ticket to Germanfest July 30th 3-7pm
owl city <3
Representing Team Texas in the Shooting Stars Challenge!!!
in re: Tennant's post. What if librarians AREN'T behind the times? What if they are like everyone else?
just one. so it isn't that bad....
All our bridges burned down.
Been watchin cops
Does the pres hv to answer evy allegations? Cuz id b like kiss my half black ass
& & making power moves in 2012 I love her work ethic
So apparently it's national condom day. Who would've thought we use condoms as a nation with all these skanks running around.
Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of your life.
We take the fear out of dentistry so you can be spooked by all the Halloween creatures coming to lurk in your neighborhood soon...
My crush is but nothing will happen
Marlee, follow us on Twitter? It'd really help us out! Have a great time on the !
Tell Momma you love her.
My goodness, I'm such an emotional wreck tonight. Stress + school work + life + surgery = one hot mess.
Lol! I'm glad one of my fav breweries in PDX has a distillery. It feels wrong to not drink beer at a brewery.
And the Springboks win!!
Surgey's OVER!!!! She's fine, did real good, going into recovery. Doctor Austin said she'll be be happy.
Staff recommends introducing Single Use Plastic Bag reduction!
S/O To ! Show Sum love yall && Follow My New Friend and also Go follow our Group Page ! Much Love # Munchie
I hope it's John Stewart.
I love putting pink and red together. Also pink and orange, depending on the particular shades.
Tonight should be interesting. Lol. Why do I make multiple plans for? Some people gon be mad at me tonight
happy sweetest day!
I love going through the picture on my phone
Do some work on biz. Ride my powerhouse of a scooter :-) Try 2 have a fun weekend
Maguire's Asian Slaw with Oriental Vinaigrette Recipe!
I wonder how people say all this shit in the internet and when they
agree wit u, do they no the score? RT : id love for someone to clock edwards and holmes. yappers have no place in football
Monday is #laundry day. Glad housework is keeping me busy on this winter wonderland of a day!
This is going to be harder then I thought. Im not ready to move on.
There's so much dust being kicked up you can't even see the Sandia Mountains from the North Valley
doesn't matter I failed anyways and got a taco afterwards
at work downtown. james is upset that you haven't called him yet -- you should call!!
I decided I'm going to the gym!
Out of another meeting. Off to castings!
Always! RT : When i get a new calendar, i always check what picture is on my birthday
you know, I love NHL 12, but it's AI can be godawful sometimes. I've had uncontrolled teammates skate right past an open puck before.
That was my first time at one. They were pretty good. Next up...the Detroit Tedx lol!
Damn they lost by one i know they bad as fuckk!!
That just sounded exactly like something he would say.
About to rehearse with and :)
yes, definitely. assuming you were the person on the phone just now, absolutely.
guys! We all are!!
Ha. Cats never admit failure. In his mind, that was not a hunting fail ... it was a napping success!
i can't respond to your messages unless you're following me! not sure why?
Falling asleep to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Thanks ATL for the hospitality on a night off - tomorrow Augusta, GA we're gonna bring the heat! Get ready - masters
Time to attack this day, like a chapped lip crack head attacks rocks ...aggressive and nonstop...
American Airlines doesn't fly out of there. :( :(
operation petunias
Good morning!
Have a happy #thursdaynighthoopla !!!
What did you think of todays's Occupy Portland Protest and confrontations with Police?
holla at yo boy when u drop something...: )
got to save Chipper's magic beans for the end of the season. A 40-yr-old has to pace himself!
that is so CUTE
thanks Krista.(: i don't really have the attention to explain shit. hahahaa.
Definitely in the baseball mood. Moneyball first. Now Field of Dreams. <U+26BE>
Albert Einstein: Logics will get you from A to B, imagination will take you everywhere.
a lead over the #Ravens?
My boy kyle Bukhari discussing the effects of Sancere on linear time
When did fitocracy get an iphone app? Sweet!
Meh, so slow. Do we have to be first to respond to have a chance at the journal?
Atta Boy! Feel better :)
very chic... chic filet...
#bulls pregame on
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII June 17-18... Join us? Vacation in one of the world's most exiting cities!
Good day tweets! Hot enough outside for ya? Thank the lord for air conditioning.
Just don't call him an elf…
smart decision! i love my N1
Carroll: emphasize innovative aspect of OA: every time you create an open environment you are promoting innovation
This is definitely where I apologize
Did you decide on matte or gloss lamination?
wow love the movie step up 3 !!!! :)
So what do the tweeple think: Should the WIAA have had the boys and girls state bball tourneys each switch off a year away from Madison ...
oops, rode my bike to work today. did not think it would really snow.
Those could have been the worse Derby predictions of all time!
Hope you had a whale of a time!
Yay! Just found out I won a scholarship from the Miami-Dade FAW!
draw on experimental and artistic practices! inspiring presentation from at
everyone is just a fool in love
Yes definitely a great childhood memory! Not do-able nowadays! Remember slip n slide? That was fun too :)
I am playing with my new #MacBook Pro and LOVING it. I love it even more than my original Macbook, which I didn't think was possible
They are giving them away at 4PM if you want to line up soon
Apparently she likes the leather look. I pointed her out earlier today, that is some scary stuff.
social media is killing you softly? We will start with a tumblr intervention ASAP
Join me at Docs Gourmet Cafe & Soup Bar Downtown Philly on Friday, November 18 noon to 7 pm .
Give Mitt Romney a few hits of LSD and I bet he sucks a dick.
Happy New Year!
Hi, I cannot login to play for the Head and Shoulders tournament. Please advise.
nope never
hat tip to both of you as well! Thanks for posting Laurie! The listening bid changed my way of thinking!
#GetAustinToTheTop10 RT if you LOVE Austin's eyes(:
Welcome! If you want more cold, head downtown to the Statue of Liberty. Brrrrrrr.
I totally agree :(
Damn damn damn.. that was a shot
Sips Macadamia Nut Creme coffee. BEACH BOUND!! Moms & #nowfollowing reminded me that today is the I Love Kailua Party.
There it is. Haha.
Ready for fun and major changes... I'll keep you posted, Tweeps.
no cigs here. bout to smoke a pipe but no whacky tabacky! :-)
Football crosses the goal line!!! Touchdown!" Phil Simms voice..
I am MUCH less grumpy after our lesson, so thank you for that, miss! Great work today. <U+2665>
Ever hear of ? All about real #women sharing real
I can't come in to work today. When I woke up, I looked in the mirror and I saw a gray hair.
lol I do get a nap break though that's pretty nice hah. And I think once the fighting stops they will entertain each other more
Just posted before and after pics of my hair using the incredible InStyler that discovered... they are on my facebook page!
RIP Amy Winehouse!
hmm... RT i need somebody to run wit tho. i hate runnin by myself. self motivation is so hard lol
Hey please hire some traffic engineers and get this state figured out. Terrible backups everywhere.
"Those who sow in tears shall reap in joy." - Psalm 126:5 <U+2665>
The weekend is close! Make the week go by faster with one of our delicious cakes! www.happycakewilltravel.com
u talk to Sor?
Day starts early tomorrow with the promise of a tough workout from - sleep well, most likely kill you in the morning.
I knows it's ridiculous!
Calling out tourism boards in Florida to embrace geospatial technology
Commission in closed session till 2pm
#OffLine :P Dawn will be on her acct.
What's up everyone?
#IfYouWereSmart you would follow me ;)
I'm here at the #Aam2012 keynote address, Kaywin is speaking right now & I thought of you!
San Diego city council ends restrictions on medical marijuana, with 6-2 vote. But councilmembers say new policy is needed.
Oh shit I get paid tmaw n Friday just called :)
Aww, hang in there! Hope work gets better soon!
I'm actually not going until tomorrow afternoon, I just can't keep my anticipation in check!
Day 7 of the 100 day burpee challenge completed!
Just met #Denver mayoral candidate so personable! And supporting clinica tepayac! Cast your vote!
Obama was zen like in today's presser. This was probably one of his best in 3 yrs & no tripping over the last question this time
Does anybody else find it incredibly ironic that they are called the New Orleans "Saints"?
Why must my life be so complicated?! I hate this. Need
"Even the worst mistake beats the hell out of never trying."
#4famouswords friend:You mad bro friend:I ain't even mad
I guess they just don't have time
What up fam
Hotel bar with mom and Paul <3
Some Of These Niqqas Is So Full Of Shit
It's not that I don't know what I've been working on, it's that I don't know how to write it up without sounding like a moron. ugh.
Merry Christmas to everyone. Hope you were all fortunate enough to spend it with great friends and family.
Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men. - Mortimer Adler
Post spring break traffic sucks
Is it weird that our tweet about a photographer has been the most retweeted in a while? We are called "New American Paintings" afterall...
I hope you're okay! Lemme know if you need anything.
my swag is an infection, how you gonna stop it? im all up in your blood stream, No anti-bi-ot-tics
Boutta go walk baby! BABY T
S/O to my new followers n thanks for the follow stay tuned to ya girl.......
#stanleyturrentine ...uncommon touch ..swinging
hey scruff . You been good to randy
Well done Shaun Marcum!
Will you unlock your damn Twitter feed so I can RT your brilliantness. Oy with the poodles aleady.
how long until it goes down again? I might connect.
even if Sally hates you, remember i still love you no matter what :)
Rather have a hot head
Follow your home city back!! #BostonOnTheRun #Patriots #LoveWhatYouDo!!
Girls who always Tryna fight people
See images of other Christo work in "The Altered Landscape" exhibition on now
Thanks for the follow, Heather! Great to be connected.
I'm only getting older someone shoulda told you , I'm on one .
Republican Rick Santorum Sound like a Nut Job with all this Religion and 1600 century talk, He is as Nutty as he Look! Someone say Cult!!
y dot u text me this stuff rather than tweet ...would be much more efficient
I'm with you. I'd have to ask my lady for that pass. LOL
#Chulavista city council just approved financing agreement for bayfront master plan, 5-0.
I'm smoking good...I'm looking better I go hard for da ca$h, Im n lov with da cheddar
Winning!!! RT : Gonna go try for the first time! Hoping to report awesome back!
They are innumerable. Exposure + object lesson.
“: Real friends don't get offended when you insult them. They smile and call you something even more offensive.”
taping an interview with my roommate..this could get epic
Corona cupcakes...success!
im all the way on the other side of the country. I was just telling a story about u.
C'mon clippers!!!
if i got famous i would follow every single one of my followers bak cause i would be generous <33
One chapter in and "Wild" has me crafting a personal revolution. I appreciate her voice, so much.
LevelUp is up and running at Slice & Co. on 14th street and 6th ave, just got our first slice!
Reggae music every day every way Rasta!
Ah, the holidays... when downtown is full of people that don't know how to cross a street. That's a walk sign, grandma, you can go now.
anyone like Marc Davis' work?
Is it game time yet?!?!
Terrific job on Dancing with the Stars! U and Kyle were great! Keep up the great work! :)
RT : Dear Mr , 'dirty pop' came on the radio. you live with Hooverphonic opening was Best live show ever w/
sweet! He knows our song Walking on the Ceiling!
I think the spot is on Commerce between Pratt and Lombard, the 100 block near the corner. No clue about a sign.
Looking for NASCAR fans
RT : RT : Chris Bosh has had an easy series. So easy he's flexing for the camera. Engage Jorts, please.
But he is coaching Monday...so no failure. Also, I didn't see Cal miss any FTs tonight. Pitino did not outcoach Cal tonight
Carol Whittington, San Jose, CA, Google Apps consultant/instructional designer, anything new in ID!
thank u! We really appreciate your support!
I like Twitter for the instant response. I hear ya. I think everyone I follow, outside of ADP are all set up tweets
I like dick and syrup for breakfast.
um, okay. Because he couldn't have made his choice AND donated $$ without doing it on ESPN.
Let the games begin... WE ARE NOW ACCEPTING CREDIT CARDS!!!!
Taco bell is amazing the first few time. Now the next few times is gross. Then the next is amazing! O_o
Sigh. Frown. RT : 50 Shades of Grey, America's favorite soft porn book, lands at #1 on the NYT paperback bestseller list
Very Sucessful networking last evening! Thank You Everyone! Happy Weekend all!
Pew: democrats w/college deg more likely to think global warming caused by humans (75% vs 52%); repub w/deg LESS likely! (19% vs 31%).
damn I missed this, let's play this again soon!
Classic giving Woods a busy summer: "Winning Best in Class was huge," Justice said. "He said, 'I don't see how in the world ... if th...
yes its a must!
seeking a cost engineer w/6-10 yrs exp for a 6-month contract in Orange County CA - send resumes to
lol im not sad :)
Q5 there's plenty of born-e art and lit, I think we curate, preserve, and collect them right along with print already
Kingdom Builders on Norfolk street..
Thank you for following us amd
I need to stop going back to Tum and drooling. I'm at a baseball game w/friends for Christsake! But its CumberPecs, Uh so sexy!!!
I saw Race on the broadway :)
Hahaa. Check this out: Acc to only 2 SP worked at slower pace than Buchholz over last 3 seasons: Beckett and Dice-K
I don't blame her, ridiculous move!! : My lovely spouse is losing her GD mind over #TheVoice and stupidass Xtina
If there was a law against excessive repitition in songs,#Rhianna would be screwed.Could take "roses are red" poem & turn it into 4 min song
No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
Working on some dope stuff for summer.
Trust issues.
yeah, FB is the least friction, but definitely not best. I want real-time alerts of crimes block by block.
Our pleasure. Always glad to meet another pro-lifer on Twitter!
Woo hoo! Can't wait to hear how the taste test goes! Such a yummy way to get all your daily omega-3.
Aha , Prom tho(:
Fridays are even better with a Friday song #happyfriday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
R/T S/O #Bella32 The place to be right now
Trying out windows easy transfer for the first time with my new #xps needless to say I am cautiously optimistic.
shake your head at me for what ?!
I think your sister suad send it.to carina
Hey Pastry World headphone giveaway will start at 5 oclock EST. get ready for details
Join thousands of other Americans today for the Annual Bike to Work week 5/14-5/18. Send in pics of you riding in style this week!
new rendition of "the way sound leaves a room" is AWESOME! love it :D
Hold up, wait a minute, let me put some kush up in it
Im tryin to make something of myself...but more importantly im tryin to make it so tht one day I can have some kind of impact on the world !
Rain cleared this afternoon, allowing a long early evening bike ride complete with sunshine & little traffic.
never shout never and the maine are main stage? oh
Read it! I thought it was quite well done. And as a fellow Gen X'er you might enjoy.
How is Tom & Jerry good for kids? They just beat each other up all the time.
Some random life goals: Live in France, Japan, and NYC. Play a mean jazz piano, organ. Write a book. Program something cool. Be reasonable.
that song is so good it just requires two videos i guess
2 hours sleep, nyquil combo leads me to keep asking coworker, "am i still wearing pants?"
Star Trek... I didn't think of it.
yoooo! What up
Just signed up for a season of vegetables from One Straw Farm. Doesn't start until June, but I'm already a bit excited.
Well since you're Canadian, it's a nice polite creepy
ok wheres my follow?
lol right i tried on dresses with maria nd i started looking like heyy whos tht girl in the mirror
What possible value could there be in bringing Peyton Manning back to the out of contention Colts in Dec? Let him rest and be ready for '12
Overfishing: The rate of removal from a stock is too high. Overfished: The population of a stock is too low --below set thresholds.
Awesome! That's the plan. I have a knot in the back of my neck that I don't think yoga can even touch.
I'm just tired
DJ Ratatan will be rocking the latin music on the main floor at E-Villa on Saturday Night. Funk & House will be played upstairs!
I think you're either clutch or you're not. It's not something you can change. Under a lot of pressure some athletes think, others just do.
Driving around lackland picking up medical supplies, dropping off urine lol, & finding info about my new job
I wouldn't be surprised if Bernie Brewer was on the can while Cesar Izturis was hitting. Could you blame him? Who knew?
“: that's a good word. Practice makes wut???” perfect!
Was that show even real!? If so, that guy's the luckiest "musician" of all time!!!
that's my lucky number! #twins! :)
Strolling on the highline.. Obsessed with the teak benches.
Hah! Great, so long as those old 45's are already trashed going into it...
YouTube search for Boil Em Cabbage Down yields W Marsalis & M O'Connor; 1st interracial group on US TV; Andy Griffth; & Branson family band
Thanks! Let me know if you'd like a copy of any of them. Just got one printed at 12x18 and it's beautiful.
Yeah, but QPR held out for so long in that half. Needing 2 goals in stoppage time, and getting both, is still a show!
it's okay:/
we have lots of good guests! :-)
give you by this young woman.” 13So Boaz married Ruth; she became his wife, and he cohabited with her. The LORD let her #Torah 92/99
hey man, there is no on/off switch and its all tied up now
I've ran at least 5 consecutive yellow lights.
Quit playing
If you name your kid "Don," you're sealing their destiny as a future autoshop owner
Balance the scales to achieve victory
CAN YOU RT MY RICARDO TWEET :D
Dang. Just realized that my Titles to Tags plugin for WordPress is missing the stop words file. Will need to fix that post haste!
follow back buddie! ;)
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
I really wanna sleep! :(.
Wat I'm going thru it ain't easy AIN'T EASY NO!!!
we hope to stop by tomorrow! we are coming with thirsty hair.
its ok we all love you :)
Getting Netflix trial the week before finals is not advised
Love Flying home!
Excuse me but where is Linds.
got the invite 4 ur bday. Don't know where it is?
Congrats to , President and CEO of for your Industry Leader Award from !
yes! time to lay my head down..Lol .
im down and thanks u too =)
Chiefs wish list: Trade up and get DeCastro NOW!!
Hey I may never forgive you for stealing my penguin onesie.
Walked around the park in a jock and bottle of poppers. Got bred twice. Winning!
Had a marvelous dinner with at The Love Apple in Taos. Truly exquisite.
Is texting and driveing not illegal where your from? who is this?
I will always do what I feel like is best for me.
locbit will be at tonight's in #sandiego! come by and see the other great start ups coming out on the area.
Is it just me or are Malcolm In The Middle and Breaking Bad the EXACT same show. Come on Bryan Cranston.
Things are great! Just loving life by the ocean. :-)
Friendship, like phosphorus, shines brightest when all around is dark. Proverb
Craig Burton is singing on stage at #cis2011. Awesome.
Astronaut Chick
No, I would like to obtain a vintage Vacheron Constatin first. :P
Thanks for the follow back! Can't wait to visit the shop next time we're in Carroll Gardens :)
The cupcake wars champ has a Food truck and sold me her sweet potato cupcake today. Excellent cupcake. Sweet ride Food truck.
Looking forward to talking about DeLillo & drinking a WICKED bloody mary @ Rio Rita next week.
Gunna get blown in a few(:
lol some ppl
It was called the super committe... of course it failed. Ive got my money on the superduper committe
Have a holly jolly Christmas! It's the best time of the year! Idk if there'll b snow but have a cup of cheer! Love you all! And a happy xmas
RT : A NFL expansion team to LA could expect a $1B NFL fee split among team owners. Houston paid $700M in 2000.
it is what it is tho
Strategy is the art of making use of time & space. I am less concerned about the latter than the former Space we can recover lost time never
Gotta love Graton.. Amazing musician playing Bob Marley at the local coffee shop and everyone is so friendly it always brightens my day : )
No matter what..don't rush things. Today, right now, is what you're suppose to be doing. It's perfect.
damn man that beat is ridiculous ah it's like falling in love
hey how are you
Augusta is the closest thing to heaven for a golfer and it’s just about as hard to get into. –Joe Geshwiler (San Francisco Examiner)
It's time
Ugh.....people lose sight of what they've wanted all along and settle for what they found..... Not good not good at all :(
Blessed is he who speaks a kindness; thrice blessed is he who repeats it. -Arabian proverb
too late now:( the ducky will forever rest in my tummy, till I have to use the bathroom:D haaha
I love and hate season finales. HIMYM was great. Gossip girl bad. Hart of Dixie good.
In that case, SW Virginia needs people who think like you do!
“: Number of pounds the Marilyn sculpture weighs? 40,000.” given the cost of scrap, that's a lot of money...
no, you are all good! Thanks for reading
thank u
so a luv it
The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity. ~ Seneca
I'm good. Not bad 4 a saturday. A lil sick. Head cold. Went frm 70 to 40 degrees in a day here. Love the East Coast!
The zoo, the dog store in like Bloomington? Haha, the movies, and Menards.
I know the class u are talking about RT : Thanks for sharing that HuffPost story! I'm in a program with T. Colin Campbell,worth it!
This thing is actually starting to come together.
... smfh, Pizza hut ftw. And lol, wouldn't really make him feel bad since everyone knows he delivers pizza lol, altho
Golden Slumbers, Go to Sleep, Sleep to Dream, Nightswimming, In Dreams
If it bleeds it leads RT“: The Manning/Tebow news cycle was about 120 minutes. Now it's all about Cabrera taking one in the face.
this is not normal. But señor, you should answer the question.
Thanks for the follow!
Lady Gaga - Teeth - 05:14 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
hahah, now you've got something to reply to (: x
I'm more of a drugs & hugs kinda guy Jesse ;)
Right now Hal Leonard is wearing an eye patch, sitting in a swivel chair and stroking a cat: "Excellent."
Why do I always give my all but its never good enough!!! :(
I dream of a world with more Fake Randy Savage and less holistic medicine hippy LJ.
ConstrucTEXT session accepted at #cwcon... Now, how much time do we have?!?
A very funny illustration from Dana Lee in Toronto about what "Professor" means:
Oliva V Maduro in stock (and it's snowing in NW DC!)
La Cofradia is now on twitter. Get the latest of our events, exquisite cuisine and who's here. Follow us
60 percent of the unemployed have been out of work for more than three months and 45 percent have been out of work for more than six.
still working on my carry on and deciding what needs to go where haha but my checked bags are done! How many bags do you have?
What can you do to improve?? Ask those around you. Do not be afraid of the answers
Good bye CANCUCKS!
: Thanks for the RT!
It may have completely been an oversight, but your drink already existed as 's NorCal Margarita.
let's have one soon!
100 Year Phenomena: IBM Names Woman CEO (At long last)
I love you joy but is this really someone you find worthy of your time or ours with all that's going on in the world?
I've been on both sides of that fence! 0_o
its not what happens to us, its how we handle what happens, the ups and downs in life give us understanding and balance.......
#ImMadBecause you always put someone else before me and lie about it.
Are we on for #dcflacks on monday? It's time for another joint appearance! :)
must read piece! Thanks for posting this.
No, not rly.
3 branches of gov independent of each other but dependent upon two forces-- the law (courts) and the people (congress)...
You should gargle with salt water
. so, does this mean we'll see Mr. Collins' tax returns sometime soon? Will he agree to debate ?
Lovely!!! Mwah!
fuck you lol I got my last final on monday
where is here? Lol
In my case it's my own family!! RT : Some people...and by some people I mean the inlaws, judge people way to much.
Good morning Chicago!
live tweeting presents me many opportunities to put my foot in my mouth
Friday Dance Party Fun starts at 8pm with lessons then party
"What makes one breath more precious then another... All life is sacred...How you use your breath is up to you" -Peter Aslop
We're back. Investigating now.
was it a modest proposal? That satire kicks ass
no service-big truck outside things are getting fixed or installing new secret features
Irony about having a blog/book about hating theory is that I have now read more theory than I would have in the first place.
At home sick. Time to replay 11:11 by to feel better!! But a follow would make me feel really better
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Project X pt.2 premiering @ #Treasures tomorrow Bday bash for
your insecure. don't know what for. ~
9 QBs taken. Remaining: Coleman, Chattanooga; Harnish, Northern Illinois; Moore, Boise State; Davis, Southern Miss; Kinne, Tulsa. #Packers?
that's love right there!! Wut show?
Hmm…I don't know. Let me try it out, and I'll tell you if I find a way.
i don't get what the big deal was with this earthquake. who cares.
Tell girls who flash that if anyone wanted to see their boobs, they'd just go to the Internets.
Back to class. First day of the semester.
And greetings to you! #AlexanderInt Alexander Jackson
i'm inviting myself to party with you guys, thank you :)
So weird looking up to see Marine One and have it not be weird. I <3 DC
RT : stop saying 'i wish' .. if you want things to happen start saying 'i will'. if you want it, act on it.
I'm sure if you just push all of the buttons, the automated teller machine will start working again.
You are damn right i'm ric flair!!!!!
omg that's a lot! Why?
Starbucks. Because you aren't in L.A. >:(
>>>Don't worry, Judgement day is coming next week, God'll give those evil Dem bastards what's coming to 'em!
can u follow me?:D
I hate being mean... :( I only do it because I love him tho...
Leadership is an attitude before it becomes an ability. – A.S. Migs Damiani
If you love me, love me unconditional Future
3am alarm didn't go off this morning.Thank goodness a co-worker called to wake me up!Definitely rocking the no-makeup-frizzy-hair look 2day!
Last YL club tonight! Come out and send off 2011-2012 school year with a bang
Did you know? The average human has 32 teeth as an adult.
HELP ME GET FOLLOWERS :D
Nah! People really do want to hear & see you speak. Ride that horse.
nope lol not unless they've opened up
On Friday, the Wisconsin Department of Justice confirmed that they had issued the 100,000th Conceal Carry Permit in the state.
“: Make that 5 commits today!” just saw! Plus OT hockey win.
Hunger games
I'll try. Come home we need to have some coffee I owe you.
Making plans to film the music video for Cougar Hunt. We need cougars! If you're in Seattle & want to be an extra May 9, @ reply us!
When children understand the words you use, you don't have to wonder if grown-ups get the message-Martin Luther
I be asking a random person I see at the gas station to put some air in my tires and stuff.
whatever yes you do
I've bee pn collecting since I was 6 yrs old, so 23 years now!
Yay!I'm going to the park on Thursday yay!
oh wow, thats great. for a job, or just because you want out of ohio?
Girls From My School Just Posted A Picture Of Liam ....
Taconic makes me so angry every morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
The red purse belongs to a chick w/ a black/yellow/white belted shirt thing w/ jeans
RT That loss is on me Milwaukee....<Don't blame yourself too much, I mean Salmons shoulda got that call at the end and didn't
theyll be fine!
You see, we must not only talk #democracy. We must practice it - we must live it. [1945]
Season 8 of The Office is flogging a dead horse. Dwight was burying a dead horse last night hmm....
maybe they'll come out of their wombs doing headspins
Since I crashed the hard drive of my boyfriends laptop :o( I'm thinking of getting him a Mac...good idea no?
RT : Our criminal justice system is the night side of American society. It needs fundamental transformation.
Army day tomorrow!
RT": May is #Teacher Appreciation Month so be sure to thank those fabulous teachers next time you see them!"
Ronny Turiaf is the rowdiest guy on the bench
#vaumc11 "The chair says, 'Whew!'" Bishop Whitaker is doing an awesome job.
Prevent Blindness America would like to wish you a very merry Christmas and happy holidays!
You're like a slow dog starting to accelerate.
biggest prob are folks thinking they must use entire NCAA pool of players for college fantasy football.
hehe he did at the concertt
not much
BEST PRESENTS TO GET HARRY STYLES?!?!?! someone tell me now twitter population
Have questions about having a house party during Mifflin? Give the Central Community Policing Team a call! 608.266.4248
I love when people send me cards without money in them. I really do.
yo im in east bay you wanna hangout? lol never gets old!
Faded off that #kush I'm gone only 2yrs old when daddy used to bring them hookers home.
resume/ltr still count. Stand apart w/passion about why you. Research the agency. No generic. Have a POV on an issue.
What is the hottie situation ? Find out on www.wherethehottiesat.com.
Ayn Rand's ideal man was a serial killer who happened to have my name. This has always bothered me for some reason.
hey stranger
Evaluating professional competency standards for promoting innovation in librarianship. Lots about keeping up...what about pushing forward?
I mostly listen to R&B I can make rap/Hip-Hop songs sound pretty . Lmaoo
I hear that a lot about him.
At 's art opening - man, his work is so good! Ran into (Both of them worked on the cover design for !)
I LOVE MY LATINA WOMEN !
Happy almost 3 day weekend!
Sorry I didn't get her name.
Would not mind jumping of a fifty story building right about now!
Defunct UARS satellite is expected to hit on Sept. 23, (plus or minus a day). Follow to stay up-to-date on re-entry predictions.
I hope so it's so annoying haha
haha yeah I'm feeling you, couldn't start my truck this morning
Lakers got this
THAT DOSNT MAKE ME FEEL ANY BETTER ABOUT MY UGLY NOSE....
Has anyone seen the boss? If not who is in charge?
It's in the stressful and hard times when a persons true character is shown
Don Rickles just gave the most amazing speech.n #comedyawards You, sir, are great.
Haha, I don't think we've ever met IRL, but I'm a huge fan of her #springpad notebooks! cc:
Definitely a save situation now....or a Loss.
How am I supposed to be a blazer fan when they don't show all the games in HD? Thank you WGN, Rose vs Wall in HD.
12noon & "The Pilot Show" where new DJ's try their hand, or old(er) ones try something different 91.7fm/koop.org
I saw some people said knowing the folklore will make the movie more fun. Not much I can do about that, I guess...
HEY TROY <3 I love you. :)
Go in the closet and don't come out until you hear me say..."I'm done, now go clean up you discuss me!"
People and weather
pleasseee tweet me darling....go on ;) xo
love you babe
Next guy up. Ravens have a lot of talent on D. Injuries happen. No reason Ravens can't win the Super Bowl.
sick man! thanks for the love!
Come over.
I got nothing. All I knew is that the ex saw her at the radio station where he works today.
Penny for your thoughts, dollar for your dreams
Spent my morning with the president of the Dominican Republic. #randomnewyorkmoment Congrats on graduating !
Getz is kinda nice.
Get off my dick bitch
hello how are you? where are you? and how old are you?
My life is completely about #PealeBCLM. I'm going to go pull some photos for a fellow staff member. The availability & interest is spreading
“: Appreciate everyone rockin wit me” killed it tonight bro
Fashion Inc. knows bad fashion- want words on written on your shirt? Well people are reading your chest!
so glad to see you in twitterland.
trying to sell an extra ticket for
Miami Marlins' new baseball stadium color scheme is like a outfit from The Nanny, possibly louder
Hey Alex, Andrew from Cubscast. Did you do a voiceover in Contagion? There was a broadcaster that sounded like you
missed court chat won't load
I love that; I think philosophers of mind, like Dennett, would agree.
#itsawesomewhen I used to get those goodnight texts from you, and even thou we did talk all day you made sure I always get one every night
I haven't kissed a girl in over four months.
Sex and the City all day.
wahh im a loner at the moment :\
Had a crazy ass dream now gotta find something to do
It’s not what happens to you but what happens in you that matters. ~John Maxwell
Most people would be uncomfortable seeing minorities with two giant blades and a big stick moving quickly.
rode the train today from airport to convention center! Best 7.00 bucks transportation ever! sla2011
#ff for being a swell writer and Tweeter
Headed to this AM for 's AMERICAN STEAKHOUSE cooking class. Stay tuned for pics! Prepare to be tantalized!
when you've travelled to a client & they're not there when u arrive.and when u call they say "can u give me 10-15 more mins."...
going down I5 at 80 mph while driving. Also back seat over the golden gate bridge!
How are you going to celebrate #NewYearsEve?
well, I loved Code Monkeys, but this is network TV. But 8bit fun nonetheless.
": Dear John with the best friend <3 "
#truestory A friend of mine was sent to the supermarket to get baking powder. She texted back "is bacon bits ok?"
Did I just spy Rinetti at the #allstargame?
made herself a cuppa coffee this morning, and forgot to drink it.
that's ok, didn't want people to think they could get that there! Thanks!
Thanks, Rei! Means a ton to me.
Watchin #BrunoMars on #GrahamNorton on #BBC! That brutha is bad ass, gotta get that album!
what about during carb day?
Hope work goes well ^__^
Hope you are going to join us Monica!!!
In addition to RX drugs, I was also prescribed 10 min of walking 2x/day. I'll be using those mins to walk to #MtP for tonight!
Looking forward to the return of to Raw tonight !! Way 2 go
Fired up on the Roundtable: SG&E ratepayers, Escondido Latino voters, mayoral candidates on education.
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle YEAH!
A penny saved is... where every body starts saving
Playing The House Cafe Tonight in my home community. Come By!
Man! I nmiss you guys so much! I Love you guys! I can't wait to see you guys live for the FOURTH time in a couple months!<U+2665>
RT ""I can't wait to get back to filming scenes. Ready to fuck every guy and girl :)"" >> I bet you'll be very busy! ;-)
hehe im special and i asked.. i was like please follow? anad they did :D
Futures game!!!!
Happy Halloween everyone!
eating candy,making candy,jamming out to music,boy talk with bestie angel PARTY!!!!! .... c:
The agent for James Farrior has tweeted that the Steelers have released him
When everything is getting on my nerves, thats my cue to go workout.
Just because I look Spanish doesn't mean I speak it bro #englishpleaseandthankyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
It really just got dark at 2 o'clock in the afternoon... Welcome to spring in Wisconsin. Storm out of nowhere...
Anyone have instagram? :)) tweet me xx
eating your lunch at your desk is a mixture of personal and business ... Like your twitter
Everybody's a critic. It was kind of refreshing.
Awesome thanks for the heads up!
Thanks to all our #fsfacdev Spring Break 2012 Presenters for amazing sessions! I feel so inspired by my colleagues.
Hi I found you by searching for people from milwaukee Yes it was great the pack won and I was there to see it , how cool is that
Off to Dallas
See, I told you it would happen. RT T-Mobile to get 3G in Tucson in June :D
way to end it bro GOIN HAM!!!!
ha...where to? we only ever hit up jamba..
Way to be modest Sean :)
Great session today with this song has such a story, cant wait to finish it :-)
Electors are typically nominated at their state party conventions or the party votes on who they should be. So they don't...
RT was the one that showed me it back in houston : Coldest movie in the world!
after following a lot of the cast i had to start The OC up again ha love it!
Officially #SpringBreak season in Miami! If you've got guests in town, be sure to bring them by!
I have sat too long in front of the computer doing school work...Need to workout.
When satellite radio skips, why does it skip ahead of where it's supposed to be? How is that even possible?
aww shucks you're making us blush :)
Watched #PussInBoots the other day. I wat a golden egg #frfr :))
Today in Literary History: On April 15, 1843 Henry James (author of THE PORTRAIT OF A LADY) was born in NYC.
I cleaned my car today and found a roll of toilet paper. I'm determined to use it for all my needs today.
I may be poor but I'm living out the dream!
would you ever go on there? xD
Learning Firework by Katy Perry on guitar! :)
Taylor Swift makes me yawn
Its day2day.We had a setback but we're still good.Hope u r doing well.Have a gr8 weekend!
lol Bout too
Sound like a real top....not to many of those running around
Don't comment on my outfit, I'm not your wife. RT John Fox wearing a NYPD hat given to him 10 years ago when he worked for Giants.
i HATE #JonnyClubhouse! The guy is a tool.
Planning to go to Halong Bay this week. What's the situation like? Back to running just day trips? Thx.
I wish I had today off, but apparently I work for a bunch of racists (probably)
we should dobit soon for sure! Cassadaga.....?!??
We hope your nachos were delicious! :)
Its when you fight for 10 seconds :p
straight outta compton! (don't eff w/ me!!)
Gold Fish are dank!
Cheers! May Dynamo continue to serve your beer drinking needs. RT tried Dynamo tonight great beer
School sucks.
I try as I might to attempt modesty, I must admit that I am awesome at making speeches. I wish I could give 10 speeches a day, I'm so good.
#Bristol palin that unwed hypocrite she needs to sit down and read her bible again because she truly is not a role model for american youth
Woke up early, went for a long scenic bike ride, now getting ready to sit down and paint for a few hours. Life is good!
nah it's just the person tht threw it thts a pedo:p
Everybody dies but not everybody lives. Take your #momentforlife gift.
Forecasting a category 5 brainstorm moving into the Austin area later this afternoon, w/ devastating effectives on traditional productivity.
RT : April showers bring May Rhubarb hand pies! Mention this tweet for one free hand pie, today only 5/3/12.
Headache... I haz one.
Truth. “: I hate when I'm mad at someone and they make me laugh”
not shit dude you?
I'd like a shoutout pleasee !
The girl in the boyfriend music video is married& is also 25 & she a model & she's a pornstar! Wow!!
Now everybody hype, niggas was quiet 5 minutes ago smh
Fire alarm at 3 in the morning. Great
thank you ladies!
Thank you, sir.
#recordbar super pumped for the show!
“: Messi is a soccer god...5 goals insane” <--- yes he is!
Just because I'm giving up , doesn't mean i don't care. It means I'm tired of giving my everything & ending up with nothing."
I'm still laughing about when the toilet seat fell off while I was peeing. I tried to catch it and everything.
TONIGHT-Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team @ Lotus Nightclub
thanks for tipping us off! We tweeted the link! For the event! Hope it's a success!
BI Publisher has hit the gym (Oracle BI Publisher Blog)
who else is thankful that god is the season finale and not the series finale?
thanks for all the tweets today @ the #HighSchoolSIG mtg today!
Think its next Sunday.
#IThankGod for all the blessing that He gave to me and sorry for all my Sin.
Panthers answer, with a scrappy layup. 48-47. They steal it, and shoot two free throws. Split the pair. 49-47 Dogs down two
#NBA officially suspends Rajon Rondo for game 2. Atlanta jumps from 52% to 71% favorites on Tuesday.
Stomping through Publix while running to embarrass >>> Haha!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Lol cause girl I haven't been feeling well so I don't go to school till the last period and everything. Ima be there Monday!
Here here! RT : #dcweek...the only place where its not rude to be on your phone, gadget, or computer while people are talking.
Yeah Baby! Bring it on! (P.S. Your mom says hi. And, damn, she can cook! I like that)
True True!!! Oh and don't invite the weird guy who takes roofies. Bad idea.
haha why is this retweeted by Ali.
S/O to all of our new followers!!!!!
absolutely. It will just encourage the BUSINESS of incarceration adding even more. We need solutions.
it sounds like a Darth vader convention
so, that kind of kills am Everwood reunion doesn't it?
You're in for a surprise my lost friend :)
tired of this fucking store.
Today: Belladonna & Opium (B&O) Suppositories are currently on manufacturer backorder. Hieber's can compound them though! Call 412-
national sandwich day..Subway anyone?
Now I'm on a fucked sleep schedule that's totally going to ruin my whole GD week
we also saw mike "mad dog" adams live he was funny
I really gotta talk too you Direct message me like now #ASAP!!
Extreme restraint!!! :)
I feel like I'll prolly see you a lot then! Haha
Extremely odd, but I just had to be honest!
oh yea ? Lol
didn't know that was illegal. Sorry, Ill be more clear next time & specifically include your name in the tweet.
he was funny at first
Going in studio banger after banger
#neverinamillionyears would i stoop to another person's low level mentality. not worth my time, energy, & effort. much <3 to everyone ;)
i know.! im not going too! #youtaughtmebetter !
RT : Tampa here we come!!!
bro, me and tequila beg to differ
Man y'all needa read up on some shit...and realize what's happening in the world...
I can't believe I was in Philly and forgot to see the Comcast wall
The New Orleans Hornets are hosting the Chicago Bulls tomorrow at the New Orleans Arena. Get tickets for this exciting game at: 888-493-0004
Rise & shine world, make moves cause life will definately without you... Thank God, Family, Gr8 Friends, & Thy Haters
« I hate hypocrites»
Stay tune to Power 98 radio show every Tuesday for the next big thing. Listen out for my single "Love "Proof".. Call in with your feedback.
0-1 tonight... now it's Spurs time...
I know when a female is lying. I can tell by words, body language, and subtle instances in conversation. You can't play me. I'm not a pawn.
Wow, someone just introduced Scratch to me this morning.
Everyone has his day, and some days last longer than others. Winston Churchill, quoted in the London Express
"Learning never exhausts the mind." ~Leonardo da Vinci
I have 69 followers on Twitter. Oh boy.
Every wise teacher n history practiced the same principles but worked a different equation (argumentation) to produce a solution for his day
I keep tipping my glass and it's not even 6 yet.
Another solo show today. 8pm at the Stephen F Austin hotel terrace bar. 7th & Congress
LOL. We hope that was a good 'splosion.
Im tired
who in LA is down for some horse racing tomorrow? big derby at santa anita.
but u live u live to fight another day!!!
I hear ya! Not much. Working on the vineyard and we are trying to get Alexs car ready for his Birthday
I hate punk rock. Yet the only bands I'd listen to are: 1). The Misfits 2). The Clash 3). Black Flag 4). Dead Kennedys 5). Bad Brains
#10ThingsIHate when people answer K. After writing them a whole paragraph.
my phone has been off for the past week and I got a new phone yesterday so I lost everybody numbers
thank you :)
LOL. That's fine man I do it to. And everyone follow this guy that has the Carlton dance gif for his avi that is BADASS!!!
Nap now (hopefully) Drive-in at 8 in Navato (Romy & Michelle) then Lotus at Fillmore but more likely Everyone Orchestra at Sweetwater...
The invisible hand is swiping miami pilots. Love it
My dvd came today now i have 3 disks worth of total twilight bliss
i need a raise
What's next ?
Not crying from 's HALO win on #TheVoice. Love Beyonce, & that performance. :)
I wonder how high is going to be today
Am I the only girl who thinks is beautiful <U+2764>
I just realized that I haven't had coffee yet today. Commence spaz out.
I'm in Texas.
dont act like you just didnt walk past me on purpose... plus why are u eating at ovids?
I can't believe you like the Marxist chauffeur. He's no Turkish diplomat.
keep on pushes
Just having fun and was hoping to get a new listener, I apologize.
so umm. *cough cough* softball this summer isn't going to be the same. God help me if we have to play against you. Haha miss you!
But not as bad as I feel for the douchers I always see carrying out bouquets of flowers from the grocery store. I hope it's for a grave.
There You Hear it
June 19th...right around the corner! ;) RT : How exciting! Can't wait to see pics and whn is she due?
Also, apparently no one else tweeting this session.
a shout out to this lady and follow her,she follow back....
That you, Jody? Good to see you here!
Vic, you did great on the Ellen show! :{) So proud of you <U+2665> u are amazing! wish i could meet u someday. -
Pittsburgh and Baltimore fans, I'm coming up this summer to play for you guys. In the next few weeks I'll put up more information on it!
I think for those odd tweets would like an interview with you on DM him for details
Beautiful day offshore today, still waiting to go to work. Guess I shouldn't complain not to many jobs pay you for doing nothing.
are you performing tonight?
its all good :)
scoop scoop ?
Exactly 50 days till hilton head
You don't want to eat me. I'm the Taco Bell of Twitterflesh.
Glad you had fun in Disneyland. Can't wait till summer and you guys visit us at the lake.
Probably both? lol // RT Either I'm a coffee snob or Omaha coffee is disgusting.... :(
cherry hill mall at around 2:30
I'm here right now.
thanks its sold out and a guy who had ticket he has only one ticket
working in the lab it's hard work
You had me at hello and never lost me at goodbye..
On the train heading up to John Hay library at Brown. Going to read up on Lovecraft. Iä! Shub-Niggurath!
Just saw a squirrel begging for food, tail wagging and everything.
No G8 in Chicago! Live all morning breaking down the decision and reaction from businesses, protestors, police, etc. What do you think???
Watch Tebow find a way...COH!!!
lol... so what've u guys been up to?
OMG Bernie get over your self
Zigging and zagging is the new career path
-- DTosh is DMan. And that no good The Mr Shoot has raisin balls.
Kay baby :*
Bonus day! Free movie came with free soda and popcorn which I never get at theaters. Ah, so nice sitting at Mann's!
Fact RT : Considering the potential awesomeness, San Francisco is painfully short on quality waterfront bars and restaurants
...good at work... how come u nvr txt back lol
0.o aaannnnddddd back to bed i go then.
Back home in Detroit. Vegas was fun... Im tired though.
hmm, finding lots of digital marketing firms based in seattle :]
this housewives of orange county thing - what up w that?
#Alpha occupies the same stall in trainer Kiaran McLaughlin’s barn as 2006 Horse of the Year Invasor.
My name is Brian and I am currently the biggest QPR fan on the planet!
Ready to take IELTS at #HFC? Learn the Ins and Outs of the Internationally Accepted English Proficiency Exam from Cambridge!
Good guy : asked me if it was OK for Mozilla to download software on my computer. No preferential treatment there.
Glad I got my cf.o proposal in on time earlier this week. Automated UI Testing with CFSelenium, MXUnit, ANT, and JenkinsCI
lmaoo so this Dick is still perfect !
ok then ill get high on u ;)
well now 1186 followers know. You're welcome!
Blue Ivy's first dirty diaper is more iconic than Ciara and Justin Bieber combined.
looking forward to rocking my powder blue #22 jersey again next season!
Ryan! Lmfao that is to gay
Need u and to take over morning show asap. Lost me when they said glove on wrong hand was "so Baltimore"
I would love to understand what kind of challenges you
If there were no God, it would have been necessary to invent him. ~ Voltaire
Nods dksishbsisk it's hot. Why must they make is wear dark colored shirts -.-
I think you mean Anthropologie :) fwiw.
There is a shortage of chicks who simultaneously play trumpet and accordion
I'm dreading the thought of photography tomorrow
I love this vacation. is the best<3 #pretendmarried :)
that's it. I can't live with this team. I've had enough. My interest will return as soon as I see consistent potential on the floor.
RT So cool to see my dear on #DesperateHousewives tonight! So great, Brian!! You were awesome!!
500 #YMCA kids now watching 's Pirates! Band of Misfits!
black friday on
please follow me! #ProudToBeAMahomie =)
DID RKELLY EVE BEAT DAT CASE?
Two buck chuck?? And here I thought you got vintage brew from France.
Everyone keeps pulling this inflation bullshit.I know it'll never be $10again.But the fee is in the big acts.Local musicians no
Little did I know as an adolescent when I entered my "awkward stage" that it would last 30 years ....
You're welcome!
Stupid computer actin gayer then usual wtf
If Joshua doesn't win?!? #AmericanIdol that was amazing
For the past 50 mins has spent his 'nap' talking to himself & playing in his crib. Cute! But 2nite might be rough... cc
no one will take you serious if your spelling isn't on point!!
Omg I saw a centipede in the bathroom earlier, I screamed and ran...I prolly would've passed out if it was a millipede >_<
FACE your problems dont Facebook them !
ehhhh I think guitar stuff wins.
Seriously. How many clowns named Quenby can there be?
Entering postseason, thought #NYR was better than any East playoff team. Now? #Caps & #Rangers completely even. Flip coin for series winner
Retweet if you're excited for Austin's new music!
You too, Jim!
It's amazing how dudes can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
The side by side photo I have tweeted today shows a comparison of Winter's tank live as it broadcasted today 4/15 compared to Sept. video.
bad weather there so shud be a run first game RT : RT I can't wait to see Pats-Bears today // Me too!
That awkward moment when you spoon with your pillow or stuffed animal
Where did Calipari get that freakin` suit?
You're welcome! Glad to be a follower of yours. :-)
coming to 'Speaking of...' this February?
awesome, thanks for the support. You getting up here for the meetup next month? Backbone.js is gonna be a good one.
Rawr but I want a refund for 2 hours of meh guest pass that I didn't pay for cause Blizz is teh sux0r and just wants money!
You can never cross the ocean if you don't have enough courage to leave the shore.
The readings should come from TAP and Moodle and the Culture text and all those kinds of fine places
Looking at the countdown on the EAA website...so many few days left
#MarinersGame with Moms I Love my Mom
awesome make sure u take pics. And tear it up baby
Another day, another week. Let's go.
Would have been interesting to hear your panel discussion on BD. Was it recorded? Also, will you be attending the APA Gala tmrw?
Why does this generation have to be so perverted? RIDICULOUS.
Learning more cooking strategies from Grams. :-)
The NBA playoffs season is turning into what seems to be the most career threatening set of games we 've seen in a while
Interesting...I had the same interview...result ? Nada. No phone call, no email...Christopher ; 719.481.9476
oh my god is the new single The House That Heaven Built amazing as evidenced by my 7 listens in a row so far..Record soon plz.
bring back ! He deserves it!
“my feeling is that if you're not self-obsessed you're probably boring.” -- Dave Eggers
"You actin' like a rabbit how you cling to the carats" -- on any green room draft prospect's girlfriend.
Glad to hear you'll be ok to play on Monday
Good work ! Boy van Poppel 3rd today at 3 Days of De Panne.
haha good cause I don't wanna be hangin out with no stinky boy ;)
Looking forward to checking it out.
did that once it was at ur house -___-
He's picking me up from the dentist, awe <3
True with McCann having an off year (of course my fantasy team) nice to see some other NL backstops getting attention.
If I make my iPod pancakes maybe it will come out of it's 3.5 year coma and work for me.
Managed to launch and move to LA in the spaces in between. I love my work but I could use a nice vacation! LOL!
On my way to visit St. John Fisher College :)
Help us out www.PlatinumPosts.com new news everyday at 3pm! Spread the word tell your family and friends! thanks-PlatinumPosts
So is that a negafive? is sold out and were dyin to go! Help! RT : reserve 2 tickets for us?!
Here's a little secret... We be debuting another new song on Friday at uncapped!
I feel like a new born
sitting next to you!
Email your offers on the artists you want to !
#SomePeopleShould focus more on dey damn self!
Saints...!!! Our WORDS mean NOTHING if they don't line up with our LIFE.
Thanks! we should. Let me know details and I will try to make it work. You coming to #SHEAR2011 this summer?
All snuggled up for my nap, finally watching Avengers :)
Rerouted the trip home to go to Chicago for the weekend. I have never been. Any recommended restaurants or things to do there?
Just realized I'm bummed that 'Terriers' and 'Lights Out' won't have second seasons on FX. Boo to you FX!!!
This PSU story is heartbreaking on so many levels.
Nah, I'm fine.
i think i want to blog for a career...and just move far far away....and drink pina colada and walk around in sandals forever..yea
TUNE in &TELL me if you LIKE SWEET potato's??
Thx for the tweet of my article on !
I'm gonna take a power nap so y'all chill....k?
woah wait a minute, I was not told of this sale.
Add our Google+ Page to your circles to follow IMPAQT news and Search tips and insights!...
Yeah, you bet.
Can you all follow . That's my personal account! :)
the Beveridge Place by my house is pretty solid for tons of good beers. I think Taphouse in Bellevue has tons on tap too
Good morning sunshines I hope you all have a wonderful terrific day! :3
We promise to post photos next time.
thank you!
Thank you Win-sconsin for a marvelous weekend.
GOOD NIGHT to the closest person on earth :) Love of my life and my soul mate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> God loves you!
NOW you want to celebrate!?????? Your 21st was in April. THAT'S when you celebrate!!
when i go on twitter on my phone i just retweet things and it's really annoying so ya okay bye!!
Out hete in the sunshine state doing big things!!
I don't think I like a train system that doesn't announce the stops or transfer points. Thumbs down 4
Crying my eyes out at G&B.
How do you bake "ends meet"?
#keepfightinggary I'll be praying for you bud. You can do it! (:
Already started writing my next play. No rest:)
you're welcome :)
RT : Reporting that 12 teams contacted Peyton... I expected about 20 more than that
Don't you hate when you have an itch one place, but then your body/brain starts and you get itchy EVERYWHERE. Ugh!
I hate going to the nail salon n the person cant speak english
A man is like a deck of playing cards. You need a <3 2 love him, a <> marry him, a club 2 bash his brains in, & a spade 2 bury the bastard.
lmao I'm going to have to issue an I.o.u for your ass whooping I'm not driving to Euless!
Good morning #ilvolovers have a wonderful day... continues <U+2708>with us.. Next stop Peru enjoy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I know man, all bad. :/
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw you have two years to keep your case alive before it must be tried or dismissed.
You're very welcome. Was it as gorgeous in Madison as it was in Milwaukee yesterday?
So much to do, so little time.
Vas Happening Every1? My art work is officially done :-) Yaay
It won't let me reply to the message so here's my reply: Sure, thanks! Your song covers are always so amazing!
if life gets you down, think, "If Bieber can make it, ANYONE can!"RT dream big did and look how far he got :D
We look forward to seeing you in July as well. Niall
$2 games and $2 shoes at PEP Bowl. Score!
At last we reach our bus-stop 4-0. . . It sux
Spending the night at house
B.s
One large banana and a tablespoon of peanut butter!!! M and oh so filling !!!
lol i know . you see him drag/push me down the hallway ?
it was priceless! Great episode!
Join Me For The #MillionHoodies March In #UnionSquare Tonight In #NYC!
pretty much...there's a lot of world & people u haven't discoverd yet #WARREN UP lol we on da eastside of Detroit
well then, I'm sure they're spectacular
13 days ago I ran a 10k in 54 minutes. Just got fucking exhausted doing a mile and a half.
I will has no funds until I come back from houston next week. once again, FML.
females dese days think they grown smh dey need 2 chill out n hve fun n enjoyy life
I heard there's nothing new except for someone new, but how you spose to find the one when anyone will come wit you
I've made peace with the fact that I've spent 17 of the past 24 hours on various couches. This is why Saturdays were invented, right?
I'm happy to be in NY...but not so happy to be waking up with this raging hangover right now...
This is not a good time to have an upper respiratory infection!
hahahhahahahahahahah omg I cant
Not enough sugar for kool-aid.
RT : My first tweet ever. WINS!!!
I agree that is a real life Angel. :)
I'll lie down and call you chicken. That would be a happy Easter!
u better follow me!
Hey are you OK? Are you still locked out? Do you need some help?
Volunteers give a family more time w/their child..more hugs, kisses & "I love yous." Looking 4wd 2 celebrating our volunteers 2nite!
for what it's worth - your legs look pretty nice in those shorts (as does the rest of you!)
im following you homie!
LOOK OUT! There's a goddamn werewolf.....protect your neck . Happy Holidays.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously when you're not black and tweet on this subject.
People who wear Titleist Orioles hats are very much not Orioles fans. Golf is overrated.
Hell yeah. I can't wait to get home and onto the spaceship of the imagination.
If you havent listened to 'theyre only chasing safety' at least 50 times you havent had feelings
Wow, I thought you were posing a hypothetical. Your plan is what I might want to do, but honestly I don't know if I could.
Calipari spent no time recruiting for next year. He is a #NCAA recruiting innovator!
"OMG !! There`s a bee" "stand still, it won`t hurt you" "FU*K THAT! I am running!!"
Cool dress Jax! :)
No ebooks yet but you need something to read when your wife kills the battery on your e-reader playing some smurf game or something.
Our Lady of Starbucks!
maybe too deconstructionist, but I'd say didn't exist: aura gets its nostalgic salience in opposition to reproducing tech.
Mean people suck...which is why I prefer the company of my dog
He hasnt txt back so i will go to sleep
perfect morning for a mimosa
Joan Lippincott: #DigitalHumanities is about new collaborations: faculty & grad students, humanists & comp sci or other info professionals
Wizards about to beat the Heat tonight.
#IDGAF goes hard!
how did you get to follow you??? your so lucky but its cool you deserve it WE LOVE YOU ELLE i like the fb page
#poetparty In Stereo Press takes submissions year round. Check us out! www.instereopress.com
7 out of 10 households in NM have pets. Bernalillo county has 220,936 households... that leaves 66,281 that need the love of a pet! Adopt!
It's Movie Night Wednesday! Who's got suggestions?
AMEN. RT : If George Clooney had the tiniest iota of sense, he’d realize Obama is only making the economy worse for all the USA
Nice way to end the 1st quarter!
Today's workshop topics: Workplace Discrimination and the Fair Labor Standards Act.
Who's happy the week is half over? How about a mid-week Happy Hour? 3-7 today at Casa de Pico!
yes I will
": awww that's so cute...hey Mika" lol hey Sierra
": ": Heat upset maybe??" Nope brons yr !!"..they said that last year..and the year before that.
RT : Almost done editing our book #justagirlfromkansas! Can't wait for the proof from ! > Thx for the mention!
She's not guilty for killing her daughter but she is guilty of lying to the officers. Are you fucking kidding me?!?!
good morning
you're right, politicians and police rarely remember this fact.
I wish I had a Pulitzer Prize in criticism. Damn you of The Boston Globe, for stealing my dream/congrats.
Anytime now would be a good time for his first, really.
I wat sum pancakes to
I've never heard of a cornbread recipe that calls for buttermilk. You never know, maybe it will be delicious!
Check out they teach couples how to massage eachother
. I'm watching the Tom Petty one first. Had tix to see him in '10. He canceled twice on me. Wasn't meant to be.
Nice. One of these days I will break down and buy one. So much goodness comes from the little manual focus rangefinder.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly -Publius Terentius Afer
Have so much homework to do! -_- How's everyone doing?
oh no dueling presentations I want to hear: #linkeddata , scholars portal ownership of dig resources, and dig newspapers.
Break 'em of somethin' proper like a real show stopper.
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband GO LIKE IT! IT TAKES 2 SECONDS! ONCE I GET UP TO 300, I WILL RELEASE THE NEW TRACK. :]
I can't you've had some cool tweets and I can't... I just checked... It's cool I thought I was tweeter spassing. LOL
my aunt Gina and I were talking about you today!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
yess I miss those days :(
Black Women hate on each other soo much ugh crabs in a barrel much
Reports surface Oregon's Chip Kelly in negotiations with Tampa Bay Buccaneers about head coaching job. More on at 6 p.m.
Anybodyy looking for people to join there crew like in Aurora il or Chicago il or is anybody looking for a crew for ABDC 7?
Requiem For A Dream is beyond fucked up
know your worth, own your power, build ur success...
Yes! RT : The official #GennextSTL hash tag is born cc:
for the things He has done.
Cimate change is real!!!!! It's no accident your state in burning.
Finally I have Thursday nights off now I can be normal and watch PDP with the rest of the world
It's just a test! Sorry about the cut off message! > Feedback for
Man sues over botched circumcision. Ouch.
Listening to old #Madonna, Pat Leonard is genius on this stuff...
lies! I said they HAVE great carrots. Get it right!
I'm glad u came and glad u had fun. Sorry I'm angry, and pissed. I love u. We need to come up again sometime.
dude,i ate all those. i feel sick now.
Another afternoon of a peaceful climb at
Totally agree...same with age-ability! RT : not specific to natural wines
Jong-Un, is that a nuclear missile in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
Congratulations! Such an amazing cause
I seriously just want to go on long drives and drink milkshakes and have you there with me.
Fair analogy?? Football is like smoking...addictive, those who do it don't care about long term harmful effects.
the budget barely passes w/the needed super majority of 60.2%. Any clue if a recount is needed when that close?
First Pups in the Park at BB&T Ballpark is April 24 -- and benefits the Humane Society! , mark your calendars!
Craziest thing about that high speed chase: there were five guys in that van.
I'd rather die like a man than live like a coward... Get rich or die tryin
I came 6 mins late to class today and my punk ass teacher made me do 60 push ups
Medicine Discounts - Save up to 33% - Kerr Drug - SYNTHROID -
Haha truth RT : Lmaoo at these Kobe haters trying to say he's not clutch
the 15th of January will be my birthday, and I only want you to follow me :)
same. Great memories from fla's run to the cup and have had a soft spot for them since. Food luck to nj though
lol long lost sisters maybe ;)
#footiepajamaswag :) let's trend it lol
bro you think just like me! Haha people pay attention to nails. If I'm gonna sell a 20k ring I better be Lookin my best.
The only nail art the salons near me do involves airbrushing. Not so much.
Yeah Cal doesn't look half bad. ASU looks pretty tough. Stanford is clearly the best of all of us and UCLA is looking shabby.
Had a great time in the city! SO much to read now! That's right friends! Read! There are not enough hours in the day to get things done!
I'm a fan of the cookies down there, but I'm a fat kid, what am I gonna do?
Just watched about 50 seniors, disabled individuals, and concerned citizens get arrested for healthcare. So inspiring.
Thx for the Prayers...much appreciated!
Finishing up my last class today and tomorrow .
Sometimes your OHs make my view of OKC not as OK, TBH. (But I still LMAO each time.)
congrats man!
Each day is a blessin, so live it up because you can't live it down :D...
Going to hear rip it up at . Miami get out and support!!!
I'm so excited!
great job on today sounded great!
Why can't toothpaste and Orange Juice just get along?
oh good! me either think she's gonna kill us?
oh, and I love a bouquet of freshly sharpened pencils
Adele: "I set fire to the rain!" Spongebob: "Bitch, please. I make campfires underwater."
I'll find out for sure and tweet asap
Did Baylor steal these uniforms from Oregon? Hurting my eyes
lol rite on!!!
wHAHAHA I missed that tweet earlier!!
/ we stay gettin it!!!
Dinner ready, now waiting on my company :)
At the airport cuttin up w/ players
You're very welcome. I'm the one who's honored...to know you - even if it is indirectly.
the railing on the mezzanine is right in front of my view at the show. My $50 not looking so good right now. :/
i hope everything works out for you :)
HAPPY TUESDAY!;) RT
Only at coastal "if you're feeling like a pimp go on and dust your schoolers off" -
Well happy birthday Rieva. Birthday weeks are awesome. You get 7x more fun. Excellent choice!
hi how r ya?
YAY!!!! Great news for Bianca and her mom and dad xo
oh I hear ya - I had a mini freak-out earlier when I blinked & somehow 2 1/2 hours went by!
I do appreciate that. I love "Ah Yeah" & "Consequences of Jealousy." Trying to go see him live since I missed the Chicago show.
i go hard like cold nipples
Nothing that's as important as your new son!
Baby u light up my wold like nobody else...the way u flip it hair gets me overwhelmed
RT : Man the old Soul Train lines were everything!-->THIS
Summer is here! Lets all say so-long to june gloom! Hydrobike season, hello!
Great talk by at UCSF today! Check out her book Not Under My Roof.
Midtown's Clean Team empties 102 corner litter-baskets 7 days a week.
well the option is there bro. One of the few places in hollywood that stays open till 6am n place good House music...
I'm good! Relaxing at home. Kinda bored.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
I've been reading your book, and I'm so inspired by the work you do. Thank you for sharing your story.
got that right!! Miss ya kiddo! Hope you are well! {{{HUGS}}}
RT Exercise myths: Yoga is a completely gentle and safe exercise<U+E056>
Welcome, artist.
you don't ask what it is - you just trust me? ha
1 more day of rest ^-^ I had iHop for breakfast with my mommy (: #NoSchool c:
You are my reason for living!
Shout out to my #bsdiv and #soozooted family. Happy New Years letter get it poppin.
Give us a @ mention to shout us out we tryna blow this shit up now forreal
is it tomorrow yet? i miss him....:/
i tried it wit sugar once it was ok
Dear Purdue alumni... Someone please buy Purdue Pete a new head.
I want a tiger!
Dear Realators from Tulsa: why are you following me, an unknown Hip Hop artist, all of a sudden?
got the # lol
follow me
It's Thursday. You should be starting your weekend already.
Just had an insane dream where I was half conscious and in a world similar to spirited away's and I could play epic theme music on command.
"Not really care for it" doesn't do justice to how I feel about that film.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art
Twitter finally changed for me!
Mention me for a #FollowBack :)
Off to the DC EMP event at the College Park Aviation Museum! I had no idea it was so close, very excited to see it!
Josh Hutcherson's face is quite chiseled. I'm a little relieved to be attracted to a guy that's around my age for once :')
I want to start running regularly to build my endurance, lose weight and maybe 1 day, run a marathon :) Where should I start?
To bad that is overpriced.
I really want to go, its been years! But white people don't do latin america very well, Its not somewhere i think he'd want to go
": #SportingKC is 2-0 on April Fool's Day, outscoring their opponents 6-1 in those two games."
Gee thanks for making a crappy collar. It broke 2 weeks after I got it.
I say let's declare a National Holiday and head to the beach. It's going to be a hot one today so stay cool!
Some people see a problem and think "Yo, I'll solve it". Now they are Vanilla Ice.
just read your blog, good luck in NYC!
I should receive the office metal of honor for today & it's not even 9:30 yet. Hell of a day. Any1 with some words of wisdom for a long day.
Decent weekend the Indians won, the Cavs lost, and who knows what tf the Browns are doing!!! But I still love my city
.. laying in the weeds Consie style! Love it!
hell ya 4 following
Thanks for the interview!
It's going to be a hot one out there today. The heat index might possibly hit 120°F so make sure to stay hydrated and indoors if possible!
I work in a district. I need to look at the ranges again, tho...I didn't negotiate when I started. Full of regret.
It helps a lot! You have a good weekend too.
In the song One Love, Bob Marley is singing about masturbation, right?
loving 'eat.shop.Los Angeles' by cabazon books
The bestie can't help cuz he dnt know... I tryda hide things from him cuz he deal wit enough
The audition notifications keep rolling in! I'm in heaven :-)!
I think you might just have to love me forever then. :)
Talk to me please don't have much to believe in, I need you right now....
Oh my good lord. So, so good. You must come here.
My book just went in a totally crazy direction (or maybe just an unintended direction)...I hope Vivian knows what she's doing!
Look at that we were right something did happen today details coming soon.
Inter Se => Between or among themselves
“ These black women in San Bernardino love me hahahahah theu flirting w me @ the weed spot”
they are either overwhelmed or they don't care.
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
For three strange days, I had no obligations.
Another great event at
HTC One X gets an early CyanogenMod 9 port - Android Community
me too lolol (love u btw
DO ALL THINGS WITH LOVE <U+2665>
Skate Lift loves San Francisco!
Tyler Perry Studios that caught on fire. well the two buildings that is.
Boy wet the bed, now I'm wide awake. Wish he'd wake Mommy up.
the shot was good.
Don't announce you are relaunching until you actually relaunch.
movin into a higher gear, leaving haters in my dust, eyes open with no fear, its heaven hell or bust
now we howwwngry
I am feeling so opinionated right now. This is intense.
Watching the outsiders with Taylor(:
Life Tacker rough post screening went well but there is a LOT of work to do before June 1st!
thanks u friend;)
“: My family is getting drunk. Lol they had to be Colombians .”aren't they amazing <3 lmfao!
Did tell you Tyler called him out at the OF show at Roseland back in October?
Calling all Staffing and HR Managers please post your HR jobs today and help a great professional gain employment. www.hrjobboard.com
< Yeah baby! I'm the Crab King! Come back and I'll treat you to some....yum!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
Eating cheese cake(:
It's very nice to have a jacket day in North Florida near the end of April!
Sits and waits for my whole house to start fighting.....
Hop-on acquires USAcig,US-Based Nicotine Products Manufacturer Acquisition today announced
Lil Boosie's lawyers claim that he's wrongfully being linked to the murder of Terry Boyd, while prosecutors argue that B
You have Louis tumblr, getting hate for not giving it out? To the people who want it : IF YOU WANT IT SO BAD FIND IT YOURSELF.
Omg nicki Minaj omg Chris brown omg enough!!!
i love you .....and please do a ustream
chicken nuggets from McD'S =] m
I missed the begining of the billboard awards :( but when I put it on I saw Justin :)
... Because your depressed?
Lunch nigga it was 5 in the afternoon Lunch was way past over.lol
Please please go follow is really cool....and if you do follow him i will love you forever!!!!!!
He is cute the next Brad Pitt.
Hold my juice, let's go!
Your beret is simply stunning
Thx for the twitter love on our #TAOofJournalism campaign! Stay in touch!
What did you learn from the sports world this weekend? wants to know, so call him @ 888-640-9385 or text him @ 2247-640-640.
Don't tweet anything stupid, I'm on a culling mission
thanks for visiting our Library! Just so you know that is the Buckeye Reading Room that faces West Campus, awesome view isn't it?
Happy Ben Kweller'ing!
": Fuck me till you love me."
Praying God's goodness over you tonight at our church. God's blessing!
I have my reasons for hating faggets
<U+56E7> - INTRODUCTORY POST
or a shower. And I bet you he wonders why he has a omg horrid pizza face too.
hee. my children *are* often naked watching disney movies; so, good for you!
i hav 2 trucks 92 explorer w/ almost 200k and a 88 Dakota with 375k still chugging along
This might be a first. is live tweeting a Baltimore City Community Association meeting. pretty awesome!
haha a frog just jumped in our house when my hubby open the screen and our cat flew across the room #hubby rescued and set free
Congress just passed JOBS act to make it easier to raise money for smallbiz
... and the word of the afternoon is incomparable
The fact the freshman don't get awards is so stupid. I put all my effort into getting good grades and don't get recognized. That's nice.
DeLeo adopts Gov's call to address "middle skills" gap to help train workers for unfilled jobs.
Having an awesome time at the AT&T Mobile App Hackathon!! Who is here?
I miss your face! I've been nudged into doing a marathon for leukemia & lymphoma society in Oct in San Fran. Thought of you!
False row h seat 11
Men: Stop worrying about how to approach women. Just let your sense of boyish curiosity and fascination take over.
Time for some
Thank you =)
MONDAY = BURGER NIGHT
Omg my head hurt :-(
okay i love nicki minaj's song starships! but the video doesnt really have much to do with STARSHIPS!!
cool gadgets
Me too! He's one of my faves too. I'd pay to watch him read the paper. :) He's wonderful! BTW, your blog is beautiful...
Hackworth: We expect to come out and fire away against a very good Seattle team in a very hostile environment.
I only stick with you because there are no others -- Radiohead and/or deep thoughts from ToddStache
super bored....yeah going 2 the mall
“: Dude in front of me at the gas station just bought $500 worth of lottery tickets. #GoodLuckBro” They go big in TX!
Agree!it doesn't need to cost much. And the benefits of growing a garden... well there are too many to list
Three more days until National Train Day! is celebrating with a classic dining car dinner menu! ( #AllAboard)
2 days til Oscar nominees are announced. also SAG Awards tonight. here's hoping wins again. Love him
I so agree!
I distributed the syllabus for lit theory 3 weeks late & one of the students looked at it & said “It was worth the wait. This is beautiful."
FL10 producer ed
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> you ain't worth wasting my gas!
It's finally Rob Thomas in San Jose day! I love it when he covers funky stuff!
...and it's such an honor...
Note to self: Cross Brainerd off the guest co-hosting list. Permanently.
I didn't lose at the Isles today!
I want a driver for this drive
If your gonna be a bitch, dont even bother talking to me.
Thank you so much for the #ff mentions.
2010 prom dresses www.shopshop.com/Prom-Dresses.html
Thank you to our new followers!
Time for a PARADE!!!
i bet there's way nicer people
We Need To Hurry Up And Get Air Conditioning .
So excited about Wed. heading back to Nashville for 5 days - One word...OVC... Now what to do on my down time while there?
You know what I miss about cataloging physical materials? Taking the ruler out of my drawer and yelling, "AT LAST MY ARM IS COMPLETE AGAIN!"
ILL call in for sure!!!!
lame and over-salted? RT "I'm Jewish in the way that the Olive Garden is Italian." -- at
i like school i do thing ther tthat i want 2 do
- Its so hot & I miss my baee !
Love and joy come to you! Happy Christmas Eve!
Bad things come in threes. Or tens.
lol i shoud have put 'in the liam' in my tweet to Austin
Good morning. It is time for bed yet?
that's how I feel today! Way too much to get done. Overwhelming at times.
There's not enough coffee to get me thru this Thursday....
If you give me some names, I can help out. I think I already have a decent amount followed already. Can you link to list?
Ever thought about going to an #estatesale? shows us the unique deals you can find at 6:17 a.m. on
I think my daughter is going to be left handed.
is not very 'technically' inclined.
ooh love the pink lips dangerous D
That moment when you have to remind your dad that he is actually not the coach of the Redskins and, therefore, cant make personnel decisions
She Said Yes !
So you won't supply us with calculators? We won't supply you with knowledge. I hate WESTest
we have a 1 block delivery zone. Do u fall into that criteria?
Parents are responsible TO their children, not FOR them. Let them go and God will take care of them. Stop trying to run their lives!
thanks for the RT Justin. Hope all is well
such a great beard. yum.
Sleeping with my baby Daddy tonight aaayyyeeee hahahaha
be afraid, be very afraid... and I are strategizing.
why are youu being a bitch?! -_____-
MIAMI IS BOOKED.
oh so magLVN ka pa ba?
Outstanding people have one thing in common: an absolute sense of mission. Zig Ziglar
Tweeps, anyone have experience shipping a dog cross country? Tips? Suggestions?
Good advice! recommends low-oxalate dark green leafies for calcium; fortified foods also!
State of FriendFeed: 14 Things You Probably Don't Know
he can get it , FAREAL BITCH ! lmao
#CaptainAmerican, all I can say is.. You stud you ;) #MarryMeChrisEvans <3 ;)
Our Ward 4 town hall meeting tonight is at 6:30 pm at Peoples Congregational Church at 4704 13th Street, NW
Wish I was in a vacuum controlled lab so I could successfully put this #iPhone screen protector on.
Finally someone agrees with me!
I missed a lot today! why were you on TV? I'd love to go to Seattle, but I have to work on Black Friday :(
": RIP Steve Jobs"thanks for my air Steve. RIP
Twitter Afternoon PB n J yay!! Wish me luck image get surgery today :(
If you ever get desperate for money, remember You can always sell your eggs for $10,000!
Well guess I'm #TeamDWade now! Lol
If I haven't responded to the first 20 of your texts get the fucking hint that I don't like you.
thanks FUR the follow Linda :)
That's cool. Just hard to believe we have had a team that long. Used to be just WGN and the Cubs.
sorry! it was an accident, I love your tweets.... followed back (: <3
lol indeed. No class can change ones stupidity
Looking at the most popular topics today and seeing one that reminds me of what i told lol
With no meetings of reference shifts today, I'm going to accomplish wonders! I hope...
Aw, you were my favorite part of "Once and Again!'
Brief interviews with hideous men. Remember that book?
Celts play a quintessential Celtics quarter of basketball where pretty much everyone contributes something.
Hey, I know that girl! ": Here's to many more, too! RT Happy 25th birthday to today!!!"
I'm nice right now………man I feel good :-)
hey babe
Thank you! Have a great weekend!
Headed to to shoot an episode of Dirty Water TV at the show. Anyone else going to be there?
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want. - Jim Rohn
sitting on a random corner calling randoms with my best friend >>>>>>>
Is there anything better than calling a game? I'm working on the LAST bit of grad school work & he's keeping me calm!
Maintaining a healthy lifestyle can help decrease your risk of periodontal disease!
Dear Twin Cities Food Culture, Someone revive the cupcake in a [flat bottomed cake] cone thing. I'm feeling nostalgic.
It's National Walking Day! Join us @ noon at the World Trade Center for a kick-off rally and walk along Waterfront Park.
Great to see your name mentioned in the Adage article today.
" Never look down on someone unless you're willing to help pick them up. "
I have the lead role in a film called Coach. Shoots Feb. 4th. About a highschool football coach accused of molesting some of his players.
Consider it done. Maybe this weekend I'll go to one. I need them to open one closer to me 14 miles is far lol
you better know that!!! Haters still talking about us, so keep that Purp & Yella in their face... Get on your job Haterz!!! <U+E419>
A5: All leaders need to be visible to be seen and to be seen to be effective. —Ian Jackman
Whats going on everyone? Many of u r asking about our first project. Details soon. What is ur fav debut album of all time?
follow back maybe we can collab on some music
I'm so excited for the new season of
Hard to say. I would have thought a branch would be broken if it were a crow. They are so big. Branch is so tiny. So sad.
I stumbled on your work recently and was amazed to find out I already was a fan of your stuff just didn't know it was yours.
Also, joke time: What's the difference between a seamstress and Ed's guitar-playing? A seamstress tucks up the frills, while Ed... nevermind
You wanna see some ass , i wanna see some cash keep them dollors comin , and thats gon make me dance. & thats gon make me dance.
haha! How cute and fun! :D
looks like fun, but off to a wedding this weekend. will need to catch up another time.
Silly #DOW! You're supposed to go up! Not Down!! Got it? Ok? Good talk.
I don't know if been introduced, that's my wife Lenna at the end of the table with you
Getting ready for work wahoo lovin this thank you Jesus for my job ttyl ppl
hey follow me backk
Who does mixtape reviews in the DMV
Very poor performance overall and it had to Gordon to score.
you're welcome :-) haven't preordered it yet but can't wait to read it
talk about the ultimate walk in the park. it's outdoors gone chic
All hell will break loose of we have a bullpen injury.
Hey, thanks for the shout-out! :) Hope you have a great weekend!
“: Let's get really dressed up, go to bars, and make guys buy us drinks! #FridayNightStrat” miss those days!!
Call me gay but I may have to get instagram now that its come to the android
pssst, I like the way you talk to haters.... With confidence.(:
Well the price point is so different: $10 vs. $60
San Diego State Basketball!!!
that was awhile ago.. Last night she was just saying Im chillinnn with someone and keyra said im austin's rumored gf;) and
turned out my train left earlier than I remembered & I missed it :(. But the write-ups sounded fun ... w/ hints of drama!
You at the bottom of the pole, totem.
Pleasure is ours You come highly recommended.
if you're going to do it, why not do it right?
B4 I StRt Tlkin Ta Sumbdy I Always Give Dem My Warning
I wasn't in class last week…we formed groups for our media/marketing project. My group's project: "Transformers: The Musical" Yes.
Tip of the day: the.
Yoga is Union of Instinctive &Intuitve Intelligence.Evolution of body to self-Wow!!! - #BKSIyengar,
Are you saying all the other assholes are either there or watching elsewhere? Seems like a good time to get some shopping in.
eating at the cheesecake factory... oh yeah!
typical cleveland browns scoring drive to end the second half: 6 plays, -19 yards, 1:07 elapsed
IS IT BAD DAT EVERYTIME I CLICK ON MY PROFILE I C MY PIX IN DA CORNER & SAY DATS A NICE ASS LOL
Feel same way RT : Felt strange nt shrng thghts w/Twitter all day.Result:Had few #fbthoughts worth sharing.2 Tweet is 2 live ...
While ur doing ur competitive analysis add a messaging analysis & apples 2 apples feature analysis. then u can start differentiating
Is home on a Saturday night watching star trek. I'm either awesome or lame. Nah, I'm awesome. :)
This game may give me a coronary.
Everyone is skem is a load of me fucking ass
NY Resolution List: 2) walk outside for >20 mins every weekend (rain or rain or shine).
I bet she doesn't like to use a bobbin in her sewing machine either. How do these people find you!
Same gist, but I think you put it better!
RT : GENIUS dinosaurs from another planet! Film at 11. Really. I'm not kidding.
: #infosec - stop by booth to learn more about Cloud Identity security.
Hey! What does that mean? RT : <U+65E5><U+672C><U+4EBA><U+306E><U+6ED1><U+7A3D><U+3055><U+3002>
OMG ! i cant believe i see and in USTREAM is so amazing i love you guys <3<3<3
WHAT? that's just out of control! I will only honk at nice people from now on.
The Greener the House, the Quicker the Sale
what's up this weekend my lady?
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
why is my voice so obnoxious
Finally 15! I get 2 drive soon!
Do you know what list to create before writing an offer on any home... that will save you money in the long run?
Oh dear... What's going on up there? And how are these pants traveling so far so fast?
IM HERE!
#AskBieber what is your favorite type of candy
grand central is the worst lol
Hey, fellow #Austin musicians: "Every year we barely have enough whiskey out there to meet the demand" -
I'm so obsessed with this song
I'm right with u. I'm tryin to hit up #rackcity bitch
Great to meet you here - looking forward to your tweets!
Ohmygod I feel like shit! #regret !
dude you were awesome with yesterday and as always on the podcast...dude needs to invite you back more often
I just made a donation to World Hunger year in honor of Pete Fornatale
Eat (its not about food) a play about eating disorders opening next weekend. www.yatkids.org
yep. You def need to watch it. They are a lot alike. But Sleepers is better. IMO.
I need my coffee:)
RT : "Women should know that sometimes a dress can change her life." -
Leave it to me to go too hard singing Miley and put a dent in the wall.
RT Worship was so so so good!!!
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your parties stay being LIVE...!!! Im so there :-) :-) :-)
Ugh my parents not leaving no more I miss my bed my hme and my own space.
lol...sure think big.
Boehner just called, says he's coming over for the Soccer Camp the 1st Lady is hosting,..Mr. Cantor is helping with his jock strap now..
woohoo! I just has my hair did too! I feel purty
Yoooo... I love yawl<3... Can't tweet no more.. Gotta get ready for this game 7... Let's go rangers!!!!!!!!!!
Development for #Win8 #Metro is very different. The more upset you are, the more of a fanboy you are.
#NOWPLAYING Justin Timberlake: Cry me a river.
Thank you kindly Dr. Jo! Enjoy a beautiful day Down Under!
Live in SF? Help us get our approx 600 Kickstarter rewards shipped next week! We'll feed you pizza! Beer! Vino!
November 30th man, where you living??
You should also come in and check out our new menu, kept the classics, added some new favorites!
Pushing yourself when you work out and feeling the results. >
You know you watch too much tennis when you are taking an exam, and you are drawing out the draws to the next tournament
awe man. I think I'll be passed out by then! Just got in this morning & I still have work to do. Big day tomorrow.
Charging is not supported with this accessory
marketing conundrum of the day: how to manage the details, when there is no overarching direction from the top?
If I were a lame
So long as Community stays on, I don't care.
Making flapjacks
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography News , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Bed time(;
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012: edtech is a tool,get faculty to seek assistance, capture good T&L data, workload issues,
HELLO :) ALL FOLLOW ME TO... I WILL
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. -Henry Ford
It's hard to be mad at the car impound guy when he looks like a garden gnome and chews in his own gas station jerky.
thanks to social media guru kristin for tip of getglue.com
The New Year spent in Costa Rica was enjoyable. Highly recommend the San Jose Hotel & Resorts.
Purdy darn sure...unless it's invisible...
Having a great time! Great speakers and a fun conference. Quest is treating us very well :) How are you?
Passionate workers are the underpinnings of corp culture and Employer Brand - if it reflects that culture!
Publishing rights r the rights to a song. If u write a song by yourself, u own the publishing and copyright upon completion of the song.
Mission impossible was so good...
Post photos on Facebook! Quotes are now in photo format. From
I always pondered, do you write your own lyrics for every song? Even if not for every song, you make a brilliant poet :)
yo baby momma
“: , Somebody on the jury a boosie fan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>”
We're beginning next week (on spring break now). Our year ends June 8, and I anticipate we will finish proj by May. :)
It's not about being who everyone else wants you to be.It's about being yourself and finding someone who loves every bit of it.
Its Cool Cuzo
This Month's "IN THE MIX" Will feature a very special guest for our Q&A Discussion: of COME OUT! LET'S METWORK!
Thanks for the add:)! Wishing you
And is social media the best tool for transforming 1-time visitors to 2-timers? Better than other tools?
LA Fitness <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
That was actualy me and Wickett is owning my credit.....
Like they say empty vessels make the loudest noise
oh, I have tons of recipes saved everywhere and anywhere.. wanna get them organized and preferably easily accessed anywhere.
The Holiday Beer Brunch is THIS SUNDAY. reservations required. Call 822-6757. Killer brews and holiday food!
Same to you Mrs. W
thank you :) hopefully I see you when I get back to nac!
Happy Thursday Friends!! and Make it a great day!
followed me, then 2 mints later unfollowed me. Follow me again please?
Who biked 9 miles, saw a giant garden snake, and has two thumbs? ;-)
Working on the new #BlueRock #website. It will be launching very soon!
Have a great week Boner!
So if midgets tried to do the wave, would it be called a ripple??? SILK TONIGHT $200 VIP (4bottles) .50 cent drinks before 11p -DJ Ma ...
in our seats and ready to rock!
just tour dates - no worries. I have the same issue.
I know, right?! Great stuff.
Wow, two whole tweets, dont overwork yourself or anything.
MT : Great Day at The White House! Basketball has been very very good to me! Thanks NBA & others who made this a great event!
indeed. It is the common belief in an honest message with intense heart. Nothing less nothing more.
Guards dominating!
well #goodmorning to all u #sexy ppl
Some mfs need to get in tune
:( Get better soon Blondie!!
are you in middle seat “: When you're not spoiled, your ass is stuck in the dead last non-reclining row on a 6 hour red-eye flight
"your bf's about to get effed in the b!"
looking good buddy. love ya xx
I don't steal glitter. I obtain it in perfectly legal ways hahaha
When faced with difficult financial times, collaboration is key. Can you speak to how the systems working together?
I could totally be a musical director for . Got that shit on lock.
Ha, me too! My dad is a scientist. I'm definitely in a realm halfway between food science and voodoo right now.
oh and I brought that blue shirt today for you! But you weren't there-__-
Surround yourself with what you love , whether it's family, pets, keepsakes, music, plants, hobbies, whatever. Your home is your refuge.
YES!! top 3 in NFL for sure. no help around him = down year in stats. He was 4th in the NFL this season in QB pressures...
I've been sitting in this guidance hallway for 20 minutes....these foreigners need to move it or lose it I got shit to do
Doing is a quantum leap from imagining. Barbara Sher
Great Workout today! #Liftingheavythings!
Figure this out: reports that ALL Tweets are being archived, but only "news sites that give them permission." Glad I was asked..
Motivation Monday- "Real happiness comes from inside. Nobody can give it to you." -Sharon Stone #quote Make it a Healthy, Happy Day! :-D
yes for sure
I just voted for #DAF11_SkeltonDuBois at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
follow back JJ
Hey...do u know if they are looking for people in the LA Area??
When is the episode you're filming going 2 air?
I exceeded the post limit on tumblr...now what..
Thanks for joining us!
hahaha, I love that you agree with me
My Life CRAZY
#thingsblackpeopletakeseriously our cellphones, caller id and call block
Getting ready for the last set of round tables at# nntc11
Sick move in tight. USA up 2-0
doubt seriously that Paterno is allowed to continue. Fball players are suspended for reasons far less severe.
Thanks for the mention!
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaha,definitivisht u gon be ma special guest :p
I forgot
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.-- Frank A. Clark
I hope I'm done before 5 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Can depression be genetic?? Can it cause binge eating?? Why does comfort food feel like it heals?? Feedback please.....
“: believe it or not, I'm walking on air....” did you fix yours too?
Ended up getting my mom a clutch for her bday... I mean after all, a girl can never have too many clutches!
wow, honestly i'm pretty irritated.
Max is ok, no surgery needed..YEAH!!!
#whatsdeadin2011 hopefully you saying "huh"when you heard everything I said!!
hanging on to yesterdays disappointments will only hinder todays progress. Shake it off & start fresh <3 Wednesday STRONG~
most definitely I couldn't agree more. I still rock out to the 80s metal greats all the time!
OMG studying for a spanish test tomorrow, Ay me duele la CABEZA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GSA Schedule 736 for Temporary Administrative and Profesional Staffing Services is totally set aside for small business concerns
I really wish today had turned out different.
Great day to you All!
Getting down tonight with Small's Paradise ReCreated. Legends in the house tonight Johnny O'Neil, Umar Hassan and more!
'We pointed out that his own district allows abortion after 20 weeks' Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton on
Tasteless and embarrassing. I hope they fine for this. Don't be bitter because we sold you and knew you were trouble.
#operationfindnextgf I love a gurl who gives back massages
a teacher xD
"Art is like a sport. If you don't try your hardest, you won't have fun." -Dshannyah, 5th grade, Paul Revere Academy
That's what they said they were doing...
Sure I miss you, but what can I do?
well, now I'm about 20 minutes into "the ape man" bela Lugosi, 1943... will explain what that means.
Heath is the pillar of strength!
I'm the chick that dyes her hair a different color every three months.
- you're most welcome!
Yeah, that's not a good sign. Hard to see UW over Cal as well...
make sure you drop box those pictures church
my school
The #eBay iPhone app has an immeasurably more pleasant, easy-to-use interface than the notoriously difficult eBay website.
Fiat 500 B-Spec Leads World Challenge Touring Car-B Standings After Inaugural Race Weekend
I'm so tired of watching movies. Uhg.
gets out of the rehab today and #MNTimberwolves Kevin Love finds out concussion status. More info at 7:10 on
all right, that just set a new standard for cute Charlie pics.
It was represented as though it was unique; it was not.
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT CALLAGHAN BALLROOM! HUGE DEBUT TONIGHT!! GONNA BE CRAZY!! OMEGA PRODUCTIONS IN THE MIX WITH THE VIDEO MIXING!
“: James Farrior CANNOT cover Tebow as the spy." No, 94 or 43 can. 43 has more spritual power to match up with 15 tho.
those things kinda creep me out... I tried one once and it felt like I was drowning. I was probably doing it wrong!
Wow-Duke!! Great Comeback...Great Game!!
I'll always be a #Torero though.
dude, , that IS creepy. and funny: "don't be so dumb with posting your location info"
Women only have trouble with parking because we are constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
Revised Operation Snag Jake: Stage One: befriend him and get him to see how crappy Alicia really is.
apple harvest later, yay :D
Loving the free iPad apps for startups and small businesses. www.docstoc.com/apps
- What's ur drink? I'll send you 1. Redeem a Bartab drink & enter to Win Box Tix - Hawks v. Blues & Courtside - Bulls v. Heat.
DUKE TODAY MAKES ITS WAY TO THE CHAMPIONSHIP TODAY DUKE ALL THE WAY I GOT MONEY ON IT WELL NOT REALY BUT IF I BET THEN I WOULD........
And the loudest thunder clap I've ever heard just happened right outside my window. Bet I'll fall right back asleep...
#redsox no beer in the clubhouse. Not that I care. Just win!
Okay, foul line.
I just heard a nice old lady say "I could make a living booking Steve's bets". My brain heard (crossbooking) (stevesbets). lol.
Help your district woman!
S&P president is being replaced by a top executive from citigroup
With josh and :) about to go make noise in houston!
is a swag jacker. Be cautious when approaching her
#imagine laying very close to Austin in bed, his hands gently stroking your belly and further down.
Thanks for the shout out! You rock!!!
He doesn't receive much attention, but Allen Craig launched a couple bombs last week.
so why are we doing this?
Ugh :( I am stranded at the river with a bunch of drunk people :'(
Any help in that regard would be awesome. Thanks!
My sister IS Satan.
yeah! Did you saw all of them ? I tweet it like 6 or 7 idk!
many contract jobs lead to full time jobs! Easy way to test someone until you get funding.
free pancakes at ihop today. i know where im going to be after sschool
Do u need a christian dj call us
V-Tech by a FG.
The vitamin B6 found in black beans helps your body break down sugars and supports your nervous system.
Ready for 2nd leg to Vegas: US253 PHX-LAS... Come on, lady, cram that suitcase in the overhead and step into the aisle.
We got some new glass goods from Come in and say hi today.
Have you received your additional discount coupon yet?! Text PROM to 313131 now! (*standard msg/data rates may apply)
If u like the Real Housewives of Atlanta you're going to LOVE Amateur Millionaires Club! Tune in Sun 10:30pm on MY ATLTV Channel 36 in Atl
Would Emily ever pick a guy who dresses in drag? In drag as an old woman at that? Nope, not a chance.
I'm trying my best, who y'all QB this year
I know a win is a win but that was pathetic.
I don't get the planking movement either.
I wanna text him but I'm getting sleepy plus I don't even know what to talk about... I wish we hung out more
RT : What is your BHAG - big hairy audacious goal?
First lecture of the morning; Grandma Got Run Over by the GST Tax. See my website next week to find out how Grandma did.
When did film get so complicated? I just want to watch a movie without thinking of myself as a baby in a womb who is looking at a mirror.
Thanks for a great coworking group! Looking forward to more!
Last minute promo in Daytona, FL this Sunday, Feb. 14th. Contact if you are available.
Wow great vampire diary season finale!!!
Metta Word Peace said that the Lakers did okay tonight. what ever he is smoking, lemme get some of that lol
<U+200E>...rain, thunder, lightning, clean sheets & clean fluffy comforter. ah good night everyone.
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Martin Luther King Jr.
thank you cuz
too many lame ass sayings. If its going to be lame, just make it about Christmas
Shout out to thx for the follows!
Oh my FREAKIN' jeez. I didnt think you could look any better than you did with braces. I was wrong!<3:D
RT : April 22 is FREE day at Denver Museum of Nature and Science + Denver Botanic Gardens. Take your kids+celebrate Earth...
school, hell...same thing
If it's anything like my apartment complex was last night, it'll be "Call Me Maybe" and "Sexy and I Know It" all day long.
#highfive ..wish i was in Leeds :(
Very well then. “: - *convey "no" headshake*”
Anyone who grew up with horses understands the feeling you get watching them run...
I already told them that!
can we party when your home?
How good does Jeni's Hummingbird Cake ice cream sound? Cake soaked in pineapple-sugar syrup, then crumbled into banana ice cream. YUM!
Change your #Facebook cover photo often to give fans a reason to come back to your page.
The legend will make his Twitter presence known from coast to coast!
Sergio Rey on framework for for looking at change over space AND time.
Omg I was just listing 2 that song
Im a loser but is supa kewl
not like i miss them or anything..
Ay I said you was boss!
“: Rick Perry: "Not only have I worn a uniform, this Halloween I went as a slutty nurse." #GOPDebate pancake nipples
I think trucking provides strong enough competition for railroads to make that unnecessary.
I just kicked my moms fucking ass ...in scrabble.
I love this sunny hello day!
A small, positive habit to replace the old habit
What great combinations!! I love it :D
I'm so sad. My sister left to move to Louisiana this morning. :((
The bonuses i give out with my mods are starting get crazy eh?? haha
That's right! 100 days and counting
Just saw 's Jake Fishman is a Young Influential Finalist. Congrats. Great group of people at Gap's Liberty Station HQ
Hey guys, I just clicked on your production page and it didn't come up. Make sure you pressed the publish button at the end :)
Gotta love havin them ruin it for you by posting al over twitter who won #TheVoice . Smfh.
thank U ;)
Decisions made w/o explanation & transparency leads to misinformation & anger.
Celtics don't got it anymore the bulls run the.east when.drose healthful!!!
I'd take Cody over Tyler or Zach any day of the week.
Things that don't make writing particularly easy: Screaming children who can be heard multiple floors away.
any chance the packers sign Scott Tolzien to practice squad instead of Harrell?
RT RT : "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once and a while, you could miss it." -- Me.
No. Relationships belong offline.RT : Poll: Do you put your relationship status on Facebook to make it "Facebook official?"
Thank YOU, Kaya, for being an inspiration & tremendous contribution to entrepreneurs everywhere.
#Syracuse down by 4 at the half?!?! What!
Thank you, all the best to you also!
: #ThankYou xoxox's reminds me, gave me a basket full of Chocolates
We've heard from Washington, Kabul and New Delhi. It's 10:53 AM in Islamabad and we're waiting for a reaction from Pakistan's government...
We're ready to #RockTheRed today. Game will be on with sound. Go #Caps!
awww thank you for the tweet! :)
wow, thanks! it's a mutual admiration society, I like your writings!
Gyros = Seasoned beef or chicken wrapped in warm pita w/ lett, tom & onion. Served with a side of cucumber/yogurt (tzatziki) sauce.
goodnight Chris! (:
Thinking of you.
finna walk round ... bored dan a gay nigga at da strip club
the ones equipped with a diaper? Lol
Good website to know for those working close to the Mexico/US border. www.infofrontera.org
Wise people are philosophical, yet pragmatic in their conscious application of principles!
Love songs need to stop finding connections
Ugh, I swear parents are like pros at pissing teens off. I'm ready to move the fuck out!
Crazy to think that it's been 10 years.
ill be that nigga!
#Thankyou ! We all love you
Would anyone who has access to Ulrich's mind doing a quick search for me?
Love New Video For #Boyfriend!!!
Mr.Sutton,Chris Ingram the CEO of prepaid Master Card starts on our station Monday.Global Buisness talk radio.we are the future
Hope Everyone Enjoyed St. Patrick's Yesterday :)
I've been at work on a Saturday since noon and still haven't put make-up on! What's wrong with me?
Thanks for the tweet about the free download of Autism's Hidden Blessings!
Why do you think you're cool?
que VIVA!
The Mariners, Orioles, Pirates, Rangers, Rockies and Royals have watched Jamey Moyer pitch he most likely will pitch for a West Coast team
Doesn't it make you want to watch an Indonesian action movie tonight?
That video omg. STUPID FUCK ASS GENERATION! All of you do shit without thinking! x__________x
I heard the Scott & Kris Show music play as I read that.
I have never seen it? I have not seem a lot of movies-especially current movies. Have not been in a movie theather since 2005
I wish you lived closer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Our money is on the Pokes today.
oh great lol I bet it was funny to watch... But you're welcome and thank you :)
#ttlchi - Hope is not a strategy. Above the fold content is essential for website engagement.
What you CHOOSE, is what you'll have... and what you ALLOW, is what will CONTINUE... RESPECT yourself, so that others will RESPECT you.
Still don't understand the relationship between lesbians and the evolution of Justin Bieber's look they literally go hand in hand
Work all day, Zumba, client delivery & now finishing up a proposal for the rest of the evening. Beginning to wonder when I'll get a life...
RANT: Dig is fine, getting rid of all discs STINKS! I want a phy. piece of art to collect. + I've never trusted clouds. Who's with me?
I hope there is spotted dick.
oh no.. well try staying up, then when its time to go to sleep, sleep, that way you'll be TIRED & CRASH!! the bed TONIGHT..lol
I'm going to frame that last tweet and give it to Mom for Mother's Day- she will see that all her hard work finally paid off :)
Happy mothers day from
Protect your work, music, videos, posts... Protect the internet and fight SOPA/PIPA
Oh happy day. Getting my hair did. Cleaning my house. Packing for my 3 day holiday. Red dot later.
sorry...combo'd twister and candy land...went overboard with Dante's favorite games...
I'm sorry. I don't usually buy into "fixes" - but if that is an offensive foul on Gallo, the league/refs are pulling for LA
I'm getting sleepy. Before I leave for the night, allow me to tweet once more for Ralph T's birthday.
Yes so have I just read an email about the #bluenile contest. Interesting to follow.
RT : Agree- "must improve the schools most kids attend. Can't focus on a "way out" of the system. must improve...
Love your gear. Awesome designs.
I believe!
Tonight at The Tonic, 42 Ford Prefect, Stumblebum, and The Dunbar number! Be there or hear about what you missed and be sad!
So shady
Coming home from Philadelphia !
Missing our fans too!
Seriously I need a nap. But this foot euphoria massage place may just do the trick.
Great to see ya on the Twitterverse. :)
thanks for following
Is that hot sauce back there I see? If so, I hope you gave it a good dash. Looks great.
Demi is beautiful
A reminder for educators & researchers : APS allows local and high school libraries full institutional access to journal publications...
Spotted at Miller Park: guy dressed like the Wild Thing from "Major League"
win8 making me dislike myself
New 18+ Latin Night at Copa Cabana! DJ Tony in the mix from 8pm-12am every Sunday night. No Cover for 21+!
well. This is balls. You should still attempt to get online. I am, for lack of a better term, lonely. And gay.
I can't wait till Justin's in NYC again. EXCITED.<3
Skyping with , and ! Keep track of our live-tweets during the show with #theurbangrocer!
Gov Walker to sign budget on Sunday in Green Bay at Badger Sheet Metal Works at 2 pm
I think I might have a little crush on
I definitely agree
Per Accidens => By Accident
Is anything more rock 'n roll than being a judge on american idol and doing Burger King commercials?
And if he knows what's good for him, he answers my calls when he should and can. Don't do it on the eliptical!
All u crazy kids have a super fantastic tweeting day I'm off to bed. Nite nite. Or good morning.
vote to strengthen penalties for violent criminals who skip parole? Wayne there, collecting per diem, not voting yes.
Headed to see the new Harry Potter with my brother!
GOOD FOR THEM!! Very inappropriate threatening people in TV? Don't they have a better inadequacy or code of Ethics??
I used to highly recommend to friends who are moving, but not again after this experience. Horrible and rude customer "service"
Thanks for the retweet!
Oh thank the lord someone knows what I'm talking about - Jeeeze! -
well, i hate to say this to you, but i guarantee you'll get a taste of some new stuff on SSv3... so the wait continues.
RFC1149 from 1990. RFCs are the rules of how the Internet was to work (just to keep up by nerd-rep) cc/
I wish I can see my mom on Mothers day.
Wondering when I will only need three bookmarked sites: Twitter, Facebook, and a search engine...
Happy Spring tomorrow! Here in the East Coast, we look forward to warm weather and bright days ahead...
All u need is.... Love? No. Internet access is all I need
#asknathan HOW ARE YA LOVE?(; <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
There's one in Culver City on Robertson Blvd. (I use to live over there :)
You're awesome. Thank you for sharing...
"I'm glad you came."
This might sound crazy.... I just like the floors. I think they look sick!
Hope is dark and love is blind
hello :D
then maybe it is his time to move on to a team that will give him what he wants.
Are you going to get some playing time tonight?
Im in love with a stripper
night boo
Are you tweeting from the men's room and stuck on the terlet? 'Cause I hate when that happens.
So the sub asked what I was doing (nothing) and I told her I was the TA and she asked for my name and the whole class got quiet. #thefuck?
I/ve been great.. Working on packing, and I are moving to our new house on Wednesday
I'm never going down, I'm never giving up. I'm never gonna leave, So put your hands up. If you like me, Then say you like me.
I hate Sewickley Bridge traffic!!!! >:-0
YW! programs & mentors are critical 2 increasing Lat youths' social capital & education, as I show in my book. Out in July!
Have you ever saw the obnoxious person in public and wondered if you ever behaved that way? Smh
Back to Chicago again, I'm sick of driving back and forth, let's hope I get that job lol
Go get'em Ron --->": Feeling good! U already know I'm looking good! Leggggooooo!"
Arkansas Razorbacks Ladies ’ Next Generation Jersey Nightgown / Shirt (X-Large)
Record Label, artists, managers... Hit me Up Today and Next Monday by Email or Here on Twitter as i prepare to head out of town, thx
Best night ever
Fusion Huntington Tonight! Leaving church at 4:15 pm. Give me a shout if u r going.
On the verge...ticking time bomb!
Geez. Everyone online are try-hards. I'm just trying to learn Evil Ryu.
Wish the rec was open later. I was feeling it tonight
taylor swift's got that under control :p
GOO FOLLOW YOU WONT REGRET FOLLOWING HIM, HIS AN AMAZING DJ, ima get him for my 21th birthday
Yard work DONE !
Currently Looking for writers for the site
Watching Enchanted :)
My husband is a minister. I have plenty of statuses and tweets I want to use but can't.
Do you have a "grandma" discount?
Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway :)
I'm sensitive for a bitch.
Preparing myself for what's about to happen. I know it's coming, and I know it's going to crush me. I don't want it to end.
Its like you know the perfect shit to say, fucks up my whole day. Thought that all these feelings went away.
11:11 I wish you could follow me *I hope you come true*
yes, I am Jenna's mother. aren't I lucky? rock on!
Count down begins for new location, I'm so excited! Stay tuned for more details.
That's awesome - seems like everyone ought to have that speed. If only there was a candidate who agreed... hm
DS: S/O to our new and old followers. We appreciate the love. Can't wait until football season gets here.
sounds like a desperate play for "younger" audiences? Needs smarter writing!?
I can make u some, :D
RT : Can this SAT start at like 10:00? I need some more sleep.
Oak Creek is rising quickly in South Milwaukee. PD reports it is about to top the bridge at 16th and Manitoba.
omg..This guy is hilarious.. Hahaha I just watched the "The Wet Suit" video. Literally LOLed!!!
What are you doing for Valentine's Day? Do tell.
What are the best popsicles?
Just leaving the gym..great workouts tonight
okay w/ that being said you do the cooking and can i come to eat and watch him eat too? ctfu
I listened to it today! It sounds killin man. I'll write the chart ASAP and send it to you when i have it done
Tenfoe killing it in the hip-hop section of IVCTV.net... Like for real!
Hm... Toronto Batman Bowling? Or rocking out!?! Sounds great to me!
Name your BEST Makeup tip for Valentines day! Share it with us!
The higher the heel the worse the childhood.
Anathema's new album is perfect. Absolutely perfect.
Wish I could take my retirement from the window cleaning world sooner rather than later!
Glad to hear! The new job is going really well. Please say hello to & for me!
Yep. My theory: I'm just old so people think I know stuff :-)
Bra why you got on my shirt RT : “ “ - Relationships Last Longer When Nobody Knows Ya Business””
Yup, it's true what they say, when you're dead that's when they start to care.
Amelia prego #PP keeps getting better and better every week. Awesome.
where do you live
love you too my beautiful daughter
What time during the day should we update our status? What time are you guys usually online?
"The game is in your hands, Matt." "Don't, don't say that, man."
Picked up Springsteen's 'Wrecking Ball' today. Reminds me much more of Seeger Sessions so far than Magic or (cough) Workin' on a Dream.
we were dying today and when you got the pen on my shirt...
Cache of evidence provides little clarity in Trayvon Martin case - Denver Post
Thats how u FEEL thats HOW really feel! ?
#Sixers have brought it back to two, trailing #Celtics, 15-13, late in first.
FB status update of a childhood friend: "Shoulda known the bitch was crazy when she pulled out her phone & it was an android. Red Flag"
Nicely done, New York!
they say that they don't see what you see in me, you wait a couple months and you gon see you'll never find nobody better than me .
Beers tonight anyone?
Happy Fourth of July to all Spurs fans - especially those who serve or have served our country.
Close your eyes and give me your hand Do you feel my heart beating, do you understand? Do you feel the same, am I only dreaming Or is this b
Every game you lose now is one more game you have to win later.
Looking forward to seeing it :)
Give yourself love...
you just showed him as the guy driving the car trying to pick up the kids, big mix-up.
I swear.
ive never felt this way before
Check out this great new website www.filmstory.org. Also, follow them on Twitter (a 5th Ave member helped create the site).
Recording up at Phantom Vox this weekend...High on sleep deprivation...Yeah!
Watching it now. Maybe we can work together in the future - we have up to date kid-friendly events in DC on our website :)
Hi Followers. Emailers, Textrs, Its Been A Great Week! Your Business And Feedback Is What Makes Us.Tick.Tnk U!
Kentucky is my favorite college basketball team every!
okay now I see it when I actually clicked on it!
I'll buy u a spa day if I can come with you!
spent all day installing software and finding old software on new computer
Do you have a following that you'd like to expand? Let ZesMo.com help you with text marketing.
We're gonna laugh, we're gonna drink till' the morning comes. That's what we're gonna do....COME ON....COME ON!!!!
What was so good about him?
Pizza Hut &&'d Basketball :)))
Any food has potential for pathogens and causing illness -- #Rawmilk seems to provide more opportunity to infection
Per dispatch the deputy is out and okay.
Word. I took time off work to make it happen.
#KennyPowersDay done. Woo
Look down you see ya girls head go up...
Learn more about the actor/playwright behind our Finding Frankenstein performance www.dawnbrodey.com/ Meet her at the Monster Mash on 10/14
Thanks for your great work today
Such a nice break with in-laws. But totally hectic in different ways. Miss the Twitter!
Dick Clark. From my hometown of Mount Vernon, New York. In fact, my parents went to Davis High School with him.
Ah, yes, farther in on 50 that's a problem. On the Anne Arundel side, the only limitations are the ones you place on yourself.
As a liberal, I've always respected John McCain and watching Game Change only reinforces my respect for him. A true American indeed!
I had a dream I went to Canada and got stuck there.....
There's always traffic when its nice out
Hope I didn't have any homework...
miss you boo boo
So glad my friend just won a golden globe!!! So happy for her and proud of who she is as a talent and a person. Congrats!!
Under New Management!! Come check us out!! You'll love what you see and smell! don't forget your paperwork ;)
Thanks to you im loving Krock now <3 :D
Will Author trust overrule page rank?
I GOT U!
Gingrich says Obama doesn't want a middle-class tax cut while Republicans don't want to extend the payroll tax cut. With a straight face.
We fast and pray to achieve proper sonship. You ought to have a discipline to do so.
asked about that earlier -- very little overlap, programmes ontology is great, but designed around broadcast scheds
#3WordsOfAdvice Believe in yourself :)
I expect every Candidate to act when their conscious tells them to, and inspire others to have a voice even if they are silenced
haha. It's so good.
Love your response. I have a feeling you will get creative...and stay true to both. Glad #Aztecs don't get Notre Dame today.
Criticism of Tiger Woods 'just out of hand' Just because Tiger Woods usually lets his game do his talking for him, doesn't mean people ca
Thank you for having us last night! So much fun.
Don't forget Albuquerque Comic Expo in June lots of fun to be had and Stan the man Lee will be there !!!
trying to argue that baked potatoes are 'unhealthy' ....
here being wherever he is
Factoring takes the entire burden off of your back for the collection of your receivables from your client.
Any career opportunities at Cailfornia Modern? Moving from London to San Diego in Oct!
You ever have those days were you don't know where youre going in life?
'because I was a stay-at-home dad in a town called Rose Petal, and it wasn't like I was...' STAY AT HOME DEAD
I guess Moore will protest and tell us not to vote for Obama. I wish!
Pretty inspiring meeting with today. Another cool Portland company to follow.
Time for a tremendous amount of Tylenol PM.
are they fat?!
#NP Beastie Boys for the whole day. RIP Adam Yauch. Truly a music pioneer, hero and inspiration to millions of people.
I bet you an iphone 4s you wont see this ... ;)
Big Daddy Shaq couldn't fit in a Buick. . . . may as well have him endorse an I.Q. Smart Car be more entertaining.
RIP Donna Summer <3
Thanks for the compliments. We are very proud to be a silver sponsor of that event and to host a workshop as well.
Shaviro: "We invert anthropomorphism when assume the world will have no values once we are departed from it."
How was your class today? RT : Waiting to workout with Bosu
I saw that! It's good :)
#scifest is heating up on Twitter! Love this tweet from Julie M. McClure "No one ever flunked a museum."
Utley feels better. Not sure when he will go to Clearwater, but when he does he will go to play in games, not more rehab. ()
I shall be in touch today.
Can't wait until the next #Glee episode! =D Now a little bit of Grey's Anatomy before waking the kids up =)
RT Let me just summarize. You're all fucked and I don't care. I only care about fictional $ amounts and #SPORTS!
cool deal...........the first 50 guys get free lappies bring a keg and get five freebies baby birdie hot men
Thanks for the follow bro! Spread the word
Yay USA hockey scored! Oh... it's Pacioretty.
oh gotcha
I will make sure to go to Takorea next time I'm there!
I want you all to know that YOU are all beautiful. You're here for a reason. Dream big and live life to the fullest! Always. 143.
I thought everyone knew that you're a private detective. Duh, people.
Great! That's what I like to hear!
RR : Sometimes it sucks being too strong, because people think is alright to hurt me, over and over again."
Where's the place to hear great music this weekend in #Milwaukee?
You definitely want to make a positive impression no matter where you go through out life's travels.
2 spaces only for CBS Blue Bloods Casting Director Mellisa Moss this Thursday, April 21st! Register online or call: 212.594.9616
#ff ladies follow him
I love party in movies when everyone dances in elaborate coordinated dances. At parties the people dancing are just jumping up and down.
The only man who succeeds is the man who is progressively realizing a worthy ideal. - Earl Nightingale
me estresa no poder entrar al facebook u.u
It's been a minute, let me tune in and see what's cracking... WELCOME TO THE BREAKFAST CLUB (Broadcasting live at ustre.am/cYyp)
A surfer once sued another surfer for stealing his wave
Oh, please....PLEASE have another cocktail.
Close, but I need the FULL brand name with it. you almost have it. the answer is 5 words.
Petition now near 5k; awesome to see so many folks stepping up to the plate, grassroots & celebs
Awesome, just got my electricity back on !!!
Not clueless but not weak thinking. Me too rather than visionary. Disappointing!
Every day & coast to coast I connect w/ #highered institutions who believe in cause.They're joining us in changing the world.
Last night in DC at Clyde's
begins the hearing at Boston state house on hunger and housing. Calls for a national plan to end hunger.
i am a model lol so im always on the move
good luck! I want to do a fast. but, I dont think I could handle it. :)
gul by goran bregovic. what a beautiful song. so Turkish
My dick - my world! My balls - my word! No, that's not a typo... read it again, biotch! :-P
I wish I had siri! Damn iPhone 4 -__-
Official King of Diamonds Party Bus... Open bar for 4 hours & Limo/Bus Contact 786-223-1654 South Beach, Miami
Monday morning office is at work to serve your visual communication needs. www.vcube.com
Thats a boo
Your friends on the east coast send support! You were meant for this. Keep freedom alive.
I hate when your watching tv and your parents decide to talk to you -.-
Last full day of high school.
Either works for me. Whichever you want!
Centaurs are my favorite mythical creature by far. Especially when they're from narnia :)
How will LAW & ORDER: IRAQ ever get off the ground if the Iraqi judiciary system can’t?
Not even the 3D and special effects could save the #WrathoftheTitants. It's somehow entertaining, but not a breathtaking film by any means!
We can't wait! RT Crafts in Chelsea!!! WOO
I've been "cutting farts" all day for #Jewtopia at Oh, the soundtrack of my life!
Would kill for a right now. Or at least maim, LOL
A woman in northern Afghanistan gives birth to sextuplets, despite being unaware she was carrying more than one child.
I've always wanted to try those! My parents think I'm crazy
You forgot about
thank you so much! My husband was waiting anxiously for me to forward these to him.
you mean your house?
absolutely absurd that even needs to be addressed! Keep your morality to yourself!
good night!
Demo tracking for new Brothers Fighting material has officially begun! oh shit oh shit
To the freshman who was just walking behind me and ranting about Obama being a Muslim terrorist, you're so luck I didn't turn and punch you.
Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts/then listen close to me Anything can happen, child. Anything can be. Shel Silverstein
And so begins Fashion Week for Geeks!
Did say this? "Music is the background of life. #rethinkmusic Food, travel, sports brands are made better with music.”
so you actually made the video? Has Justin seen it?
Gym with kat
SS don't tell my wife, her closet needs Space Saver ;)
album release will be at Yoshi's Oakland in mid-may..I'll keep you posted :)
Went swimming with Colton:) a fun day in the sun is just what I needed<3
thx for the shout-out!
starting to wonder if I have enough bacon to weather the rest of this storm.
You and I both Molds!! #ragemode RT“: can't wait for when you take that 3 month study break! #summerFun”
#WaitingForNewEminemAlbum as hard as it may be
Wall Streeters impugned his policy as wacky / Ben Bernacke
this aint for one night, im shining all week hoe.
#cua last day of classes - frantic #cuasciencelib library users need kindness, printing and all their library records cleared!
3 game losing streak coming for the heels!!!!!
overall it was more of an experience than a concert
You can tell alot about a man by the way he shakes your hand.
so. much. syle.
"Dr..." Deals gone wrong: Boogie Nights vs Scarface (Bathroom scene)...4got how good Boogie Nights was.
Wisconsin State University is lookin' pretty bad. Keep it up, BYU!
Does anyone else think 'Kill Bill' pretty much ended the whole ninja-assassin revenge franchise? Why the need for 'Ninja Assassin'?
The Darlins will be at Burt's on Dec 5th!! Yay! Good things are coming! :)
Getting Ready to watch US Men's National Team play Honduras in Gold Cup Semi Final. This is the 3rd game against them in less than 2 months
If I was your boyfriend, I'd never let you go <3
Let's go Dores!
Please show Gabby Douglas's Vault and Bars! She's the one whose really winning this competition right now.
People, don't RT compliments. It's not the look.
FOOD FACTS! Get happy! Spinach is good for your spirits. It contains lots of folic acid. If your body doesn't have enough folic acid, you...
Stankin ass bitch only sent clothes that are 2 sizes too small or big...bitch u got back 16racks an aint buy the kids new clothes,
My heart is no longer cold nor dose it worry for my son's I feel the victory and his hands moving in my life
Ironic #swsx 'Interactice' doesn't have a more automated way to get your conference badge. Crazy.
It blows me away when people at companies actually take the time to personally respond when you email them. Always a pleasant surprise. :)
Well....I can't seem to bend down and tie my shoe.
#StandYourGroundRule is a great law in #Florida and protects innocent people. Trayvon was killed by a criminal who should be prosecuted.
Everybody hatin' gave me reason for my doubt , if that girl talking stupid tell her close her damn mouth .
411 Added into Boost's $50 unlimited plan
Just because the semester ends doesn't mean work stops. I have a #blog and a #report due to both of my jobs.
Big props to my buds for putting on an amazing set last night!
nothing to do wish I had someone to talk to!
Short shorts on :-)
There are no passengers on Spaceship Earth. We are all crew. -McLuhan
Let's be Klout friends!
Congratulations Women's Soccer in a 3-2 victory over Michigan State!
I don't want to make 2011 jealous by working too hard so soon in 2012, so I'm gonna be lazy for just a couple more days...
I cannot wait for my hair and beard to grow back.
Happy Monday #RadioWaves !!! Make sure to stay tuned to see what is up to this upcoming week!!!!
Just tried a Pine Bros. cough drop now that they're back in production. Same softish drop, but disappointed with the honey flavor:(
haha not you x)
Is it possible that the secret service was just trying to round up hookers for the GSA event in Vegas?
Happy Birthday {:
SInce you can't spell, only you lose. You are a sorry example of life gone very wrong. You'll rot in hell for your ugliness.
I stand corrected! I need a Twitter Proofer! HA
who's the browns early prediction star this year?
you deliver since I'm on my couch watching the Masters :)
What's everyone #writing this weekend?
I wish my mind would stop wandering to you and my heart would stop aching for you
given that they have called about 5 of them so far on Vandy...poor job by the refs again.
Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon. ~Doug Larson
I wish I was at Taylor Swift's concert right now.
GOING 2 SOME BEACH 4 STEAK-N-FRIES BABY, WHO'S DWN????
A4. We're looking forward to checking out brand new neighbors, Southport Fitness !
Listening to excerpts from Lionel Richie's duets album that comes out this week.... Darius and Lionel "stuck on you" so pretty! I'm excited!
I have to catch a flight from Cleveland...can u wait for at least 6 hours Phoenix??
Fiedler also says, " it is my opinion that no other matters have come to my attention about which the chancellor should be aware."
papas on his very last leg
good luck! Hope it went well :)
Congratulations! MT It's official: I will be joining as a politics reporter!
I have company coming in next week too. Blast. New Vimes or time with mother. Decisions decisions...
do you think Jabri Parker suits up for UK if Coach Cal stays in Lexington??
Another warm day here in Columbus - now is the perfect time to get your furnace tune up scheduled before it gets really cold!
Betty White's 90th birthday party is cracking me up!
Yeah I know.
yes please! I need an update pronto!
“We can’t die, because..we are so very pretty. We are just too pretty for God to let us die.” - Captain Malcolm Reynolds
Don't know of any pantomime cases--European law covers "dumb shows." Next tweet....
ok. I've heard of her. Lady Gaga is Madonna without the menopause. Lol.
Nice! Always great to hang out with If you're in town and want to stop by Duke, let me know.
weekend is here again lol
I thought Bobby Petrino was a scumbag for bailing on the Falcons mid-season in 07. Now he does same thing to his wife and kids? What a child
Now that we're following each other, I need to know: Do u love us more or do we love u, more?
work wasn't working today...
Goodnight twit fam
Just paid and setup up at tab with this AM on Love my doughnuts!
u owe me beer! Like I said...
Bob Wells~ For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Be safe driving!!! It's like a skating rink out there today! (and not the good kind...)
That's what I was thinking, but received advice to put it in
fuck you , you don't know shit & don't needs ta know shit
And now its raining! -.- Fuck that
Welcome to the west coast! Let us know if you head down to sunny San Diego!
Thanks! I am unworthy...
RT : Good start fellas! Keep it up!
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!
Lose the tie -- bring the wallet -- not sure what to do with V8 #staysafeout there
RT why is "rediculous" such a widespread incorrect spelling? Amen
Smiling faces do tell lies I call them smiling haters them is the werses kind
iPhone 4 will be avail early next month 4 VZW...
I got you girl, do it like you don't care. And if you with it, I got it right here baby come and get it.
Latina women do everything do for their family. Language barriers are difficult among parents/children and the Spanish media is insufficient
Gentleman. How are ya!?
If I were to evaluate my program right now... I would say "Hug Mel" for laying such a clear vision for Biz Kid$
hey hey follow
Palin wouldn't rule out going for the nomination if there is a brokered convention this year! I've never wanted anything so bad in my life!!
THAT was a really amazing drawing. tops of to you!!!
My moms telling me people always stop her cause and tell her I'm stunning and beautiful. Ha
Good Morning. :) Follow Back Please?
To everyone coming out tonight, we switched to an early spot so that the tempest can make it out and play! So we'll be playing at 7:15!
I JUST WANT TO SLEEP DAMN IT!!!
not a dog person. Finally, all is clear to me about A-Rod and my longtime resistance to him.....
75% of health care costs go to treat chronic conditions- many can be prevented. ACA works to change this.
Well what's done, is done.
Hails from London UK and was a songwriter before making her debut Album. Price Tag #NowPlaying on
exactly my brothers!!! LoL!!!
haha!! I almost put a #CatChat tag on it!!
Got my #Girlfriends DVD (best show ever) & my sesame street blanket (don't judge me) lol Happy Saturday Tweeps!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
hell yes.
thanks man!
Have I ever told you how much I love being late?
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Elephant & Castle - Pub (live updates)
Today's Poll Question: What should happen with Ozzie Guillen? You're responses could be read on today's Heller Show!
I was like dang mad haze out- den my nose realized it BBQ smoke!
I <3 South #Korea!!! 55 downloads! Thanks =]!
www.3sgiants.com! Check us out! Swing by our Facebook- Third Stream Giants! Thanks everyone! :)
I have at least one eye open. That's a good sign it means I'm alive again today.
Well, I figured I'd put my $ where my mouth is.
yeah, i was supposed to go to the salvation army to donate clothes with big foot but she got a meeting
Morning! I'd love feedback on yesterday's prez if you have any. Still in love with Alma? <3
You're welcome! Thanks for having us.
I'm at Pam Sieving NIH librarian #Informationist talk "Embedded and collaborating: the NIHL Informationist Model" Will report....
“Winning is a habit. Watch your beliefs, they become your words.” ~Vince Lombardi
we already have some catching up to do(:
Kitchen floor tiled today! Looks badass, and yes I am a badass as well! LOL..Feels like beer on the couch watching basketball kind of night!
No worse torture than chargrilled jerk chicken next to the bus stop.
Thanks, I knew it was today.
Form of... a light bulb!
So it is my last day off until the end of Oct. Am I being productive? Well, if you count laying on the couch as productive, then yes.
thankfully! next time we will have to float there in the mini! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4>
Scanner Monitor: A few more issues at I-70 and I-225. Calls for a 4x4 to help stuck vehicle.
how can I stay away?
Okay I'm in motion Im rolling Im smoken
The Arsonist has oddly shaped feet!
Tonight's title, combined with Duke's loss to 15 seed, will just about erase that. Ha
#weirdfactsaboutme ; i don't like sitting in the middle in backseat of a car cause you feel like your the center of attention lol
just finished #Brokaw book (on CD) The Time of Our Lives. Great Must Read -- brief comments on my #LinkedIn book list
I'm glad you enjoyed reading my blog... its great to get feedback and know that my words are being read and enjoyed! Thanx
I will begin interviewing my family about the #Nakba in two weeks. About prisons, about exile, about their wounds. We need this recorded.
right. My bday coming up on the 26 I might be hittin up the club. You down?
what i love most..? how a n_gga could really make me laugh even through a simple text message ?
So good to see these Houston guys play well ..Texas has some serious talent right now and its only going to get better. Lots of young talent
Thanks! I would love a break, maybe the weekend, lol :) but yah, time to recharge and remember all the reasons why I'm doing this!
Widespread Panic playing at the bar! A rarity in Minnesota!
Watching how it's made
tell your mom to stop texting me
My birthday can't come any faster.
#np "All Because I'm Free" by Vests Williams. RIP
“: 6 more days until summerr!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> when do y'all get out?” next month :(((
congrats on #1yearWhoIAm :) you're an amazing guy can't wait to hear more music
hello Nati ! drinking coffee ..still! and you're welcome 'you don't drink coffee do you? :D ~~~~rich
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Ludwig Cox °Rising 9th Brownsville, Tx °Travel Team: Idea Frontier School °Shooting Guard 6’1
did you really delete my truth is?
Uh, okay. Fuck you too then.
Thoughts From A Balcony
Just left an energy filled callback at NCT. Now hosting a teen set at the library put on by th Tennessean. Jazz and Jokes open mic tonight.
boost plush's tunes ;)
What to do when all you're good at is passing out drunk
The fact that I didn't make 's Best of Baltimore list is further proof that everyone who is not me is a filthy bastard.
If you haven't tried Pretzilla yet, you must! They are so good and so perfect withaca the a brew! # mkefirkin
Food handler's course...Joke
taking the longest nap ever in bio today
thought you could handle THE PASTRY OF DEATH. I was wrong.
If a book with a character I like is bad, I wait until it's a back issue.
LoL me and my friend are just texting eachother and asking if were potheads today. Go look up Ryan Higa's video "How To Spot A Pothead" :)
Well actually less than 2 months :D
Accrdng to this woman 7 people fit in a 6 person seat. Two equal spaces separated by a bar. I'm not sure how that logic works. Math is hard.
welcome to giddyup , what are you up to this weekend?
"This is a ruby. Is this a joke... what do I look like.. a Kardashian?" "No you're much less hairy."
Ladies, what does it mean when you're watching The Notebook with a guy and he cries more than you do?
we are at 370 right now so we still need more!
GIRLS:When he tells you his problems he doesnt need advice, he just wants you to listen, so that he can pour his heart out to you
I kove you and think you are an amazing mother!!!<3
Still in the planning stages. I might book everything myself since it sounds like i can save money doing that route.
I might have to start calling the defense in the second half too.
Make plans to join NEW to male your voice heard around community developments & community benefits on Feb 20th at St.Matthew's. Call...
I need a twitter buddy that likes Jimmy Bennet <3 Someone I can fangirl with over him ! Any takers ?
perfect advice!!!!
Detroits their only enemy.
haha okay. are you trying?
Lion King 2 Simba's Pride :D
everything #wawa serves up is like crack!
There's only so much a heart can take.
LSP cast RT of the Day: RT the greatest lie they tell us is that we can rob banks with a clown mask.
Even Lebron thinks Tony Parker's announcement is obnoxious
Thanks for the follow MBR!
why we watching the skins? Jabar gaffney is your best player
In class too fcking bored !
I love his song with Taylor, obviously.
What do you know about me - I am tired of getting harassed when I engage.
Please click like on the urbanspoon.com for #cafeperrin. We re beter than 57%. Show the love and RT please!
deal!! Can't wait!
I use to hate church,, But I guess now that I listen more , its kinda interesting hah
Getting up is one thing going to school after is just one easy way to ruin my day
YAY!!!! I'm excited you're doing this! Can't wait to see what you find Madison!
yeah we were joking haha!
Where is everyone tonight? I expected mobs, but there's plenty of outdoor seating everywhere.....
World’s first all-diamond, 150-carat ring created by Swiss jeweler; worth $70 million | The Sideshow - Yahoo! News ;)
yay! thank you
My hair is so short now. #gahhh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Wtf. Dislike when ppl get angry-sounding on the phone w/ me for no real reason. Grr. Y can't people be nice!?
I need to pic me up a redbox movie ...its 1 of them nights
#Text GOLFRADIO to 90210 for regular updates on upcoming shows & features from the International #Golf #Radio Show. Score with mobile!
I wish i could see you right now! :(
just licked my face...
Have you ever eaten at the Flying Fish Cafe on the Boardwalk? We have an ADR there for Friday night - newbies!
A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it. Bob Hope
Weekend Cooking: Chicken Pot Pie
cool =D
I hope Richard wins #tcfinale. I hope Carla wins fan fav.
Whatever happens, both goalies rock.
Let's go #Nuggets shut those assholes up
oh, the defense! Not traumatic at all. Almost enjoyable at times.
Playing #thewaitinggame is not all that fun.
What a shame, WV couldn't pull through
Mayweahter vs Ortiz proved "All work, is easy work". See why this is even more true with the QuickStart weight loss program @ healzoo.com
to be a part of a worship team and find a better job;)
Wait 'till I start posting pics of him in Bears gear! The suffering keeps a'comin!!!
Yep, I used it in Spring 2011. It has a decent overview of hardware but it's not the best textbook I've had.
glad you told me, had no idea it was completed. And thank you!
Better to teach 'em early.
My platform will be Jobs, Jobs, Jobs. I am creating them here in Sw Fla on my own. Taking vacant homes, repairing them and employing
Let's go racin!
What if you could eat a ringtone? One scientist thinks you can. We'll talk to him today on the Forum.
The ride departs at 6:30pm and will loop back to Public Square at 7 to pick up any late arrivals before continuing to The Academy Tavern.
Lots of talk on #InternPro about networking, mentors and hard work... think there might be a pattern developing.
I know I am bad at twitter I am trying to be more on it
Cool story bro you should tell that one at parties
I'm finally registered to vote:):)
“: I want to see Christina aguilera do a tribute to Whitney I know she will kill it!”
Damn. I thought "I should've kissed you" was a 1D related topic. :3
that's so cool! Congrats again on the big day! You posting any pictures up?
Cute. Unfortunately I don't know. RT : what's the emoticon for "blushing" ---> RT : <3
That was a little crazy! Just lost the power at the house for a few hours! That hasn't happened in forever! Need 2 invest in more candles!
Our pictures from our shoot our up on our facebook! Go check them out and tell us what you think!
its raining
I'm dropping out and running back to Barcelona, too much work :(
your point??? GTFO
Loving that all my #setonbuds are on twitter
lol I know {:
Bout to go hit up the mall but river oaks this time.....
Need to fill my schedule!!! Who wants free gourmet food!!
I hear someone from #DevLearn just wrote about us? Who's that nice person?
courses r taught in English...how frustrating...Get It Together...Rosetta Stone or something geesh lol!!
real hoopers work everyday........NO OFF DAYS
The ugliest people running around here talking about they"be that pretty muffucka"no you need to sit your motherfuckin ass down somewhere
Happy Mardi Gras! Or, come to and show me your, uh, beads. That's right! Get some pitchers of New Orleans Iced Teas!
omG omG
Girl stop your talkin, words just get in the way, I'll be your man <3
your arguments on the transferring matter are ridiculous.
Listening to This Is Breathing
Great stuff, Dave. Glad to contribute.
Guest Bartending tomorrow night with !!! Come grab a drink and cure your hangover!!
Im not feelin it
Those who love peace must learn to organize as effectively as those who love war.” <U+2015> Martin Luther King Jr.
Good news for nerds like me! :-) MT : ... Reading is chic!!
Off to Calgary!! Thanks for everything
Fedor isn't a nerd, he's a geek...
RT if you're excited about #Paradise. <U+2665>
omg. get a gun, shoot me. I didn't even notice. I'm ashamed.
I think the ppl need to know MY story
while you may be misunderstood by man, you are a champion caliber dude Miller! Just come back large man, hold your head high!
#stlwx First roll of thunder heard in St. Ann near the airport - bracing for very bad weather.
Hahaha you guys haven't uploaded your video yet or announced the album news :(
"Does anybody know how post videos to facebook!" Bulls/blazers dunk call of the year!
I'm kind of mad STILL hasn't followed me back. <U+E40E>
I was just with the great Dr. T. Berry Brazelton. What an honor to meet a legend in the early ed world! Still full of energy and life at 93!
I'm sure nobody cares, but I'm almost healed up after dealing with 2 bacteria infections within the last 6 months from a fractured tooth.
They do that mess all the time so ignorant I show love to all my fans and those who love my music 24-7 real talk
maybe your in the mood to follow me pretty please? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I just earned the Mexi-Can badge on #Yelp!
E thing?
thanks for the retweets this week and we look forward to your tweets!
I can't wait for this week to be over!
I WIILL C IT!! CANT WAIT!!
we good mikey!! How bout you??
What's number one?
up early time to work on this song im gonna send to make it on this Based AllStars
I wish #InDesign preflighting could come with some background music just to let you know that it's still working away . . .
enjoyed every minute of it!!! Wouldn't have it any other way babe!
Edited a couple of pages from the Card Master. #dmguild Need to sleep soon.
As you roll your clock forward; take time to check expiration dates on your Epi-pens, Benadryl, and other medicines.
Our sponsored happy hour is about to begin, if you're at #digiday video upfronts!
My idea of a good time includes eating slices of food from naked bodies in a world of wine tonight. #joinus lafigaproject.com
Real tears are not those that fall from your eyes and cover your face. Real tears are those that fall from your heart and cover your soul.
how are you lost. she lives like 3 minutes away
no she's a tranny...but she did write some of britneys newer stuff
Apples! - Dr. Johnston describes nutrition for your teeth on this week vblog.
John's album of the week is "Pushing The Salmanilla Envelope" by Jimmie's Chicken Shack. What are you listening to right now?
Hate being sick
Mitch, we're quite delighted to be part of your community.
Pre, or post revolution?
While you're sleeping with your pride wishing I could hold you tight, i'll be over you and on with my life.
DPage: "I want men! I don't want little American boys!!" Tyler Alderson: "... I do."
Just drove for the first time by myself!
RT : its a beautiful thing to be able to be completely vulnerable and transparent with someone.
Everyone needs believe in something. I believe I'll have another beer.
good night twitter twatter tweeters.
I'm sorry but you are entirely mistaken on the gateway drug hypothesis.
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. -Gail Sheehy
#coonery RT : Hot wings & apple juice :D
Is anyone out there managing a branded youtube channel?
That awkward moment when Ur in wall Mart nd u loose Ur mom hah
Going to find some #climbing this weekend on my trip to pullman, even if it's indoor!
Let's balance the budget and cut spending!
This is my first presentation, so we'll see how it goes...
4 miler in the rain this morning, felt a little too much like I was running the White Rock marathon again
This week needs to go by faster! So ready to have a blast with this
I love working in a hospital setting. You meet so many different people. :-)
The way I just took this shit and did my nigga's toilet dirty was just too disrespectful. Smh.
Great article.
Hold on I'm puking right now! lol. I'd love to have you train at my gym! Let's do this! Hit me up a week before you get in!
CASTING! Know a couple in a bad relationship? Do they need an intervention? Email your story to
#blend11 = Sloan Consortium Blended Learning Conference and Workshop.
Just attended the PMX convention at the LAX Hilton as a guest #voiceover actor. Ladies of Tenchi Muyo panel. Fun!
whats good bro
thanks for heads up!! Mental note...take different way home!
yeaa,people always like "you mean lol?" lml ,wait your name Jada?
going to try heading to Orchard in Bloom preview now. What time tonight?? :)
Better follow thru every week. Launch coming soon. New music has experience with dogs. Living losing and living
exactly. RT : Hittin up Winter this weekend. Who wouldn't want to drink beer on a ferris wheel?
A simple Copy-Paste will do!
thanks! I'll check that out.
Trojan Condom's new slogan should be, 'wrap it in latex, or she's going to get your paychecks.'
“: She got that magic bullet tho ” lmao!!
Uh uhh. This bitch looks nappy as fuck.
Its easy 2 imitate the dreams of those around u, & to think u want what they want.But remember u have ur own dreams 2 follow -via
at least you got to experience a 4.0 haha. I will
Last night i stepped on the back of my guy shoes ....... this morning i realized they were 1,000$ a pair lol
Watched my first episode of Breaking Bad last night. Wow. Wild. Equal parts creepy and captivating. Hooked. Thx, &
Who #waited in #line for #BreakingDawn last night?! Tell us your stories!
Slowly realizing that I'm consistently 5 years behind on music trends. Not looking forward to Bieber Fever in 2016.
thank you! <3
Follow me :) i am a huge fan of jb and You <3 :)
#TuNoviaEsPuta is trending lol. In English it means your gf is a bitch
me to, fridays are no fun when you're tired!
Love when the front door to the house is unlocked in the morning
Either you run the day or the day runs you. Jim Rohn
To join in on the wave of tweets that will hit my twitter stream...gggggggoooooaaaallll
Thinks I heard Chewbacca cry out from the audience at DCFC.
Capture screen shots of anyone singing your praises on Twitter; then use them on your Rave Review page on your website.
sounds like "I swear I'll never drink again."
happy birthday!!! Make the best of it and thanx 4 making me
New music now streaming live on facebook!
She never had 2 speak 2 prove she was a star.She was all the rage b4 ever stepping on a stage.
thanks for the mentions! , &
This postseason has been full of injuries - who do you think will come out on top?
No hits 5 errors. Indians just keep beating themselves. Just can't afford to waste games
Keep ISO down to avoid noise. Keep your exposure high enough to avoid blurred subject. Keep aperture low to let in extra light.
Lots of good things coming together for the Bicentennial Columbus book.
waking up to no power in RO...
Cookies, brownies and cupcakes, oh my! Delta Sigma Pi is having a bake sale right now, right on the patio outside LTB 1115
um, yeah, what you said...wtf?
Mark it down will be at the iroquois amphitheater on June 16th
A #BFSportsMoment - today in 1953 the Celtics beat the Nationals (111-105) in 4 overtimes to eliminate them from the playoffs.
Seriously disappointed with The Descendants.
Stay tuned. Our latest version update will include the new theme, and it should be available some time this month!
Happy Presidents' Day from Alexander Interiors!
#CMA male vocalist of the year goes to... So hot!
he's mine
O.O what kind of pills are they?
legit LOL. sup
can u follow me and do u ever call fans if not tht's fine i was jw um i hope u c this i <3 u
Sqeeee omg omg omg.
Frizzy French with pro handles...
I tried to explain to my boyfriend how the "hangover" after working a 24 hour 'shift' can't be cured in 1 day. Skipping church to prove it.
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, May 1st, 10:30am "Flowers and Honey Bees" With Flowers all around here come the honey bees.
It's always nice getting dry humped by anxiety R Kelly style at 1am when your alarm is set for 4:30am.
i always feel as if im in the wrong place when im the first person to enter my home room.
Beach V-Ball Tourney all weekend! Afterparty Sunday!
Gwendolyn Miller. Congratulations! on your new job.
Tom Izzo in statement: "I’m also driven to continue to raise the perception of our program to an elite level."
Drinking number 9's with the bros insert
FREE Performance today! at Park Ave CDs in Orlando bit.ly/sDkZBR
We'll be spreading our Dhoonya Green at upcoming Holi events in NYC! Want to perform with us? Register for our Tech class that starts...
": RT : I think I need a new avi"
the guy I like's hand is too deformed to touch me
we were wondering if you want join us and bust out your black unitard? I keed! I keed! #weknowyourunitardisred :)
___ so you can hear all the bad stuff people say about you XD jk
Wow... can it get any busier! #notcomplaning. makes for a fast day.
Thank you so much!!!
good job today defending your position.
Finishing up a production meeting for The SCoop!
Sushi for breakfast!
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants - Kiss You Goodbye on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
Pffft, I'd prefer it! AND I get to keep it until the year 2020! Blerg.
A study shows women have orgasms at the gym? Seriously? I am doing something wrong.
RT if u want to marry (sucks for the ppl who RT this because they're NEVER going to.... I AM lmao)
I have to get up to Santa Fe in the next few weeks. I'd love to see u and introduce you to my daughter.
So pumped for #GirlTalk tonight with !
there has been research on integrating Roget with descriptor search (for query expansion) , but so long ago I cannot find now
He makes you sleep. Never heard of him?
Hi Diane - my pleasure & thank you for your RT
Is ever going to follow me? I hope soo!
cuase im comitted to the sport , unlike you ;)
But it seems every1 has 1!RT Consumer trends from #mobilize201:many consumers think they can't afford smartphones
- kinda fascinating. I mean, you're good on the asset front, but you think about this stuff and still, no allocation. You blog this?
Admit to faculty that you are human to reduce intimidation.
RT : When you stop treating your strategic partners like a vender vying for your business, YOUR business will grow!
Does any body know of a producer named david puentez? Dude is nice ...
Went out last night w my GF from out of state. Got home at 5 am. I'm so tired. Just can't hang like that anymore. Can't wait til bedtime. =)
Meet Lucy - A Maltese in Las Vegas, NV...she needs a loving fur-ever home!
Okay #GMA thanks for the spoiler alert about #revenge.... #sarcasm. Boo!
oh wow seriously?!
I agree 100%. Never let the true ones go!
hell yeah I do lol
Please vote for Bar Louie in every catagory you can in the Shepherd Express "Best of Milwaukee" contest. Vote ends tonight.
DAMN! I FORGOT THE ROUNDED CORNERS! #cssoff fail
annd , OKAY STOP. haha you're blowin' up my phone, not that you'll see this, buut love you. <3
Hurray for west coast people bring jet lagged with me haha
GF friends at FF show in DC, stop by Iron Chef booth. Taste Thai Sweet Pepper & Hickory BBQ sauces (ask for a sample from the bottle)
“: Republicans - n. people who believe only millionaires deserve welfare” ~~So True!
what time is it?
IT TOOK ME ALL DAY TO FIND SOME INSPIRATION :)
JUST GOT BACK IN DA #MTown HAD A BALL N #ColumbiaTN WIT
Dont let #BlossomEndRot get you down. Stop in at Paradigm Gardens and purchase some liquid
i'm so tired
my favortie song :-)
Wats past is past and wats now is now... No changing wats already been done
It's going to be a long day
Also, right above my office is one of the big HVAC returns.... White Noise Built In!
This is why I heart him. RT: your longing glances said it all.
fell asleep on me knowing it's hard for me to sleep. what kind of friend is that?
deep roots tattoos with mah girl Sarah Morsi!
We're going to overtime.
Just discovered that Marn is a good zero player on Umvc3. I guess I've been beaten to the punch, I thought no one played zero at tournies.
How much is too much organic shredded mild cheddar?
aw crap i forgot to watch the goob debate and tweet-heckle.
you should get back on twitcam for a few minutes!
I am excited that the Power will be on the NFL network this friday!
i'm trying to make myself prettier.
Hey Newsweek: I thought we weren't supposed to use the word "gay" as an insult anymore.
U Show Me Nothing But Hate. U ran Me Into The GROUND. But What Comes Around Goes Around. But U still DON'T hurt Me. NO Love Eminem Ft Wayne
#milwaukee Stop by our booth at the NARI home improvement show (booth 506&605) and ask for a Fillinger T-shirt or Hoodie-just got yesterday!
The Silk Tie likes Lewis! We would love to tweet with you, would you like to tie with us?
Welcome message from ATSU Board of Trustee Vice Chair, Kenneth Jones, D.O.
Consulting with collaborators to help clients and Meetings with supportive church, donor and expert. Busy day ahead. Best Wishes to All!
Not how I would of used James Casey...
Everyone go follow his tweets are firre and you'll easily gain 100 followers daily if you RT him
Where is it?
#FirstEdition says follow and amazing things will happen - u just have to folo to find out
Good ppl to be on a committee with! Thanks ladies for allowing me to share the stage w/ you!
An easy win for once
looking 2 network
hahaha.. how observant! I think the message is "buy flowers now, or get a lawyer later"
killin it right now. Thursday night house party
#ILoveWhenYou hug me from behind and call me beautiful :) <3
The hardest thing to do is watch someone you love, love someone else<\3
I think we might be full but check with Becky, our awesome Volunteers Director Becky <.org>
In my office truly frustrated so it's time for lunch!
not to worry ... the future diapers will even it out
you both , but more of a hater (:
You go on with yo bad self, gurl!
Doughnuts from 7-11? Don't mind if do :-D
How man days in a row have you partied nonstop?
MY BABIES ARE AT NUMBERS 1 AND 2 ON ITUNES.
Work tonight blah
get for for "Yeah .238/.304/.397 in 1000+ Career ABs is Just What the Tribe Needs"
Hey guys, our show today in Danbury, CT at the Heirloom Arts Theatre has been canceled along with tomorrow and friday. Very sorry!
Lmao. It was totally random! For real! The whole vid is hilarious, lemme know wut u think :P
You cannot think love; you must feel it for this is love’s only language. Jennifer Starlight
RT : Style is doing things your own way. I'm out. Xo
Thank you for following me new friends:
lolz! F you
Comments from public starting now
she was so beautiful
kinda like "hit it far and long"
Thanks!! I really appreciate that :)
Feel like crying....
I can do all things through CHRIST, who strengths me GREAT MORNING!!
12 hour bus trip back to Nashville, feel free to keep me entertained people
RT Live Webcasts: HHDL's teaching on "Stages of the Path to Enlightenment" from Dharamsala, India, October 23-25.
I'm following a niners fan..
When I fight with u, I'm really fighting for us. If I didn't care, I wouldn't bother.<U+2665>
oh poor you, same computer circa '98, temperamental mouse, sticky keyboard.
- sorry, just found you on twitter. Here now in Ingolstad. Sorry you didn't make the show. Sold out. Very nice set
THIS IS A CRISIST! OH MY GUURD NIALL! SAY SOMETHING! I think hes ignoring us cause he likes to see us suffer.
wowo enjoy it and be safe ... ^_^ continues to flies ... Monterrey arribaaaaa :D
lukky! it wont let me : /
SF fan, get your bike off the field
Looking for an entry level accountant (1-2 years exp) and an internal auditor (3-4 years exp). Please send resumes to aparnell…
we should totally checkout !
The most I've waited for a ride all day was 10 minutes. I've been to 2 parks and I've rode every ride in both of them. Now to magic Kingdom
Red Velvet Valentine's Day Cake is here, show your cupcake you love them
Chicago teacher says you go into any given school on a Friday and EVERYONE is wearing red. Yo, MTI bros & sis- this is a challenge to us!!
Deep inside It was a rush What a rush
THANK YOU DOLPHINS ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!
Can't go back to sleep right now..
be happy to send you a promo code for Hues if you're interested in checking it out.
Locks tomorrow!!<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Let me guess...... Are u watching
go get single make you proud FT P diddy artist text 30303 with CHARLB2 Its almost to Billboard!! RT PLEASE LOS!!
"Scramble with Friends" is the new hotness. Get at me. User name
which salad?
haha if only it said panties
thanks! we're working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
“So reports of my madness, as they say, were greatly exaggerated. Not that I give a bugger either way.” ~ David Icke
HIPAA enforcement "honorable mentions"--some are cases of little slip ups that cost employers millions.
that's alright..night...night
"Can I please smoke with you? You're just holding it, like it's your baby." <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Everyone is psyched for the two-seater rides tmrw! Looking forward to a great day at the !
I believe we are.
Best cigarette of the year = after Thanksgiving dinner
sup tweeter?
Killer Picture!
sounds yummy #wantsome RT : Making a cheesecake w/ a lemon-ginger crust ...going to top w/ raspberries & blueberries ..
fuck main stream rap... take a tour through the underground they mean straight business
RT : RT : Starbucks limited edition coffee "Bin Latte" middle eastern blend, dark bodied, frothy head with 2 shots ...
Congratulations on the opening of your new location in Cranberry Township! We love hearing of your success!
When someone tell you be careful that knife is sharp. NO SHIT! It's a KNIFE!
hey booboo! hows everything going? still remember me? you know when you called me Jan. 3 2010 ?? Because i IMed you on FB(:
omg poor innocent baby! Hahaa :)
On Saturday we rock the tower of low power! 3/31 5-7 pm East Coast time on with your host
no I just thought the inverted cross looked cool...
My teacher was talking about how people in the 70s were a bunch of pot heads then everyone turned and looked at the pot heads in our class
1ST THING THAT COMES TO MIND WHEN U HEAR: CHICAGO
Wheels starting to come off on #Rockies Alex White. Walks 2 in a row, loads bases. Game in balance right now.
now, which band member am I talking to ? :)
Remember when Dolphins passed on Brees due to concerns with his shoulder. 60+ pass attempts, 400+ yards against SF tonight.
THIS IS THE WORST
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream...
all the old school Nintendo favorites tabbed out to make your learning experience easier! #SuperMarioBros #LegendofZelda and #Metroid GO!
I love you what more can i say or do ?
If you're into a girl, go after her. Because if you don't, she'll be left guessing and wondering why she's not good enough.
All tables sold out tonight at !! Come down and hang out, DJ Tweety will be on the tables all night!
Anyone on LI know of any open barbacking positions?
Pretend to deliver me one and get me out of claaassssssssss!
Where do Baylor's Final Four mock UO sharpies rank?
what's going on tonight?? I'd love to come by!
Omg! I like don't talk to A LOT of people anymore since I've been wit my friends like 24/7. I miss texting some people.
You are finding and exploiting every fucking way to piss me off today.
I never get jealous when I see my ex with another girl, because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate.
FAINT qualified - Funds, Authority, Interest, Need, and Time
RT : Use all your senses / Including intuition / As much as you can.
In the green room prepping for her 3 min. of fame on Chuck Scarborough's show :55, channel 161.
-_- too funny tho she do got a Bertha !!! I'm mad y'all trending #teeass tho ctfu she used to crack on mine payback
Last day of 12 hours to still enjoy year one
she's an angel...when she's sleeping. :)
Sorry for your loss... But lets start the new year with a win
yay! I have a twin! Lol
Got drunk last night trippy mane finna do it again tonight
What is so secretive if you tell them what you did.
Hey Cody! Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
I just don't want to offend the same people so I use different accounts for different potential enemies.
Make memories tonight not babies, wrap it up, girls don't get too fucked up, let's make sure tonight is one of the best nights of our live.
Size doesn’t matter. Convince them you’re different and better.
I cooked da hell outta those egg rollz. Fuckin round wit me you'll be done joined Da Fat Kid Mafia!
LIU a 2nd half run from making everybody in marchfatness say"F it, crap teams left in the west,eating a whole pizza right now"
#thingsidratherdothangotoschooltomorrow i don't have school all week!(:
I love how people only care about themselves..
UT pole vault swept the Texas A&M meet. 1st 2nd and 3rd place, but man it was ugly
I love it when you know somebody’s secret, but they don’t know that you know, and you know that they don’t know that you know.
You know it friend! RT : Smartest ticket in town tonight: and friends = PDXOXO. I know where I'll be.Duh.
that made my morning... Too bad I'm so shy and reserved. What city are you in now?!
Americans in London, big week ahead. Warwick Castle and Stratford Upon Avon this weekend, Thanksgiving at St Marys next Thurs. Pumpkin pie?
I'm liking this... someone should bring me lunch to work everyday.
THANK YOU and for an amazing training this weekend!
Cameron and Anthony went in their rooms, and i don't know where Matty, Melissa, Michelle or Jenna went :/
lmao at these children:)
you cant do that... maddie > kittens.
Want a #naturist discount getaway 2 nights $200 visit us
Is it just me or does it piss you off when you spend 5mins wrappin the toilet then find there was seat covers right in yo face
How was ur visit?
Just got your DM. What are you looking for? I'd be happy to help you out. --Aaron
Stay receptive to Success, you never know where it will lead you possibly to places you have always wanted but didn’t know how
If i don't move out the state when I'm older I'm moving to Detroit
. are 4-0 against the Can they sweep the season series against a team that's red hot?
RT if you're in school(: I am ;D
my mom said yes
Great. Now ArsTechnica looks like The Verge. If I wanted encapsulated bits of news on a frothy front page, I'd read The Verge.
It's so hot backstage and my wig is itchy.
Probably not this time around:(
yeah D: you left around 40 & came back at the end of class lol but it's okay.
If you can’t control what you think, you will not be able to control what you do.
Hollywood Pitch Of The Day: One's Chris Rock, One's Mitt Romney. They're detectives!
Aimee Bender, Lev Grossman, Anne Rice... excited to get a peek into those twisty minds of theirs at the LA Times #bookfest tomorrow!
bad luck sucks!!!
I understand and agree that using are talents would have greater rewards than a mark on a card
I regret not being at #sagecon. Let's start one, an #openscience news svc if not journal
Cat rescued during drug bust tests positive for meth
yea they do that here in NY also lames!
ha! Will have to buy a beer for that
I saw your s/o but work kept me too busy to tweet. What's good?
I will! Love you lady :)
hope yall feel better!
I'm asleep you Dum Dum.
is making apple crisp with cranberries and chrystallized ginger. M, can't wait to eat it with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
Listening to my playlist.
Pdx super busy right now, any idea why?
Battlefield Concept art images released. Check out or site for the story.
I dont understand how I wake up so early after only getting 2-3 hours of sleep each night
Oh Kuffs! Youre like the poor mans Beverly Hills Cop but with a white guy! What a twist!
D'aw. Thanks for the well wishes.
Ha! That's true. I do have a dog-child daughter already!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY X
Finally its raining. I can finally get that work done that I've been putting aside for a non-perfect day.
One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge. Robert Lynd
#CNN U.S. and international intelligence agencies have broken up an attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner-U.S. counterterrorism official
yeah tell me your name on here & i'll find you
first ride since france. 85k solo. only 31-37 celsius today. missed my crew from france. and mexican coca-cola eased my pain.
Horrible headache, been watching family jewels all day.
It's possible to survive Los Angeles without a car- it's just not possible being happy while you're doing it.
following back :*
I love my boo
We walkin' to your house? Or are we gonna take the bus?
i love it when new shoes come with a free sample of hair repair
I've followed daily, "The Book of Awaking" now the end is nearing... what will mornings be without it.
I find it very entertaining to watch girls argue and fight in heels
Okay; Once and for all, here's the question. Who's the best all- around player in the NBA? (right now)
everything's good,how bout u? Last time I saw u, u were drunk off a 1/4 glass of wine lol
"Do cats really need rescuing? Can't they just, like, live?" - during an ASPCA ad
No problem! Excited to see which animal joins the crew this year :)
I'm at New Hope Metro and yes I'll be preaching. Thx!
So psyched.. I'm finding out Monday where I'll be placed for ! Woohoo!
possibly...but only if the music is good enough, if it's mediocre...then sex sells
put me on the train
"She doesn't know how to read a PDF, doesn't want to be an internet marketer— but she needs something like this —this makes her vulnerable."
have u considered doing a song with kids bop
Seeing all these songs that were written in '09 and now still singing them in '12.. pls dont change!! U mean the universe 2 us
That was very much needed <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Sorry, I know it's not for everyone... :) Some people will really appreciate it!
u fucking lame. At home chilling. U?
quick trip to #NYC next week (#manhattan area). any #restaurant suggestions with good #food & #wine?
Have a safe flight!
Thank you :))
Nice! RT : the espresso bacon was delicious, it really complimented the smokiness & accentuated the bacon flavor.
In the business, that is known as a tease ;)
I know, I'm seriously obsessed with her dress!
Im Finna Fuck U.Hahahaha.What It Is.Its Problems Bitch.M.P.
Depression is just anger without enthusiasm.
been in bed all day
I'm saying, #Koreatown, where the live music gonna be at on Valentine's Day? Who's playing??
I hate when I'm waitin on an email, get a message, and its "your daily diet tracker". So NOT what I was waiting for.
Obama claimed he was going to help the Volk, but he was financed by Volkswagen.
looking forward to that.... take care....
#OneThingILove is when we gain new followers!
I had to do something to check the WiFi this morning :-)
bui you think it's ironic the heats beat the bulls hip.
haha I totally forgot about our coke bet!
I always skip the fallen comrades part when I need to catch up. Sorry.
Where have you been, miss?!
All this drama is going on and I'm just sitting here like "I like turtles."
We meant it's lame that he passed! Can you clear that up? You've unleashed the hate! ;-)
S/O TO MEMPHIS
I love a parade.
Just buy a fucking a iPod touch
has returned to my big leather chair & we're now deciding who he should marry. Candidates?
I'm sorry it's Dan Wheldon
Hey Betty White ~ Enjoy getting roasted and toasted tonite. You deserve it. We love you.
The last few summer days ahead....go to Emerald City Smoothie, University District in Seattle to get a refreshing treat!
thanks :p
lol she's not out of this world!
We're open at 6am this morning.
I wish Ron Paul would call it the war on people who use drugs, instead of the drug war.
I miss hanging out with
I spend my whole day every day not watching porn.
amazing music!
A3: Perception is important because it determines how people view you. Act toward and around you.
And an bag in the hand! lol... RT even MORE bootylicious with an hoodie HA!
Since when is it cool to just say out of the blue that you hate your life?
Quite upset I missed the social media forum. Totally forgot.
We are excited for the meet & greet with our bachelors & bachelorettes tonight at zenden. Thanks !
Mom....Dad.....I'm no longer the boy ur used to seeing, I've changed alot.. Plus I've come to HATE every human being..
Of course, followed :3
Back at se #alhfam meeting this am, discussing secretary of the interior's standards for historic preservation
oh ! they are the best of friends! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
SPECIALS!!! FREE FREE FREE POSTERS WITH PURCHASE.. ASK ME HOW?
Was on the plane, headphones on, avoiding the UNC score, watching the game on replay in disbelief right now y'all!!
Its supposed to be 60 degrees and sunny today in the #NYC area. Time for all of those awesome #outdoor #homeimprovement jobs
Capital Brewing Supper Club: "Not Bad". Not good either...
Congrats to my boys AND #DRose for their big wins today !!!
HAIRSPRAY IN MY EYES. HAIRSPRAY IN MY EYES. FUCK. ACID. ITS FUCKING ACID.
Jane Lynch welcomes us back to the Modern Family Awards, then intros crazy Charlie Sheen.
haha oh yeah...and continued to squeeze out the rest of the frosting and eat the batter...hope she doesn't get salmonella
you too(:
lol good advice. Already got two Vicodin scripts when I went in for pain haha
Why does everyone have to go to sleep before me.
keep your head up. Think like this "whatever people think about me is none of my business " :-)
ok really you stay tweetin about and its annoying !!
I'll be your teenage dream tonight.
#confession when I'm home alone and bored... I chase my dogs around the house because it's fun and it gets them all worked up! Haha :)
such a nice day, and im cleaning? damn
People make time for who and what they want to make time for.....
#ihatewhen dudes excuse their behavior "she a hoe", what if that hoe is stupid enough to think that your gonna be different than the rest.
Thanks!! :) SO happy! RT Congrats on finishing up your #emac capstone!
HI! :-) It's going. Still waiting to put up the website. Paperwork takes forever! How's the conference? Miss ya!
Thanks..good afternoon now..lol :)
They fcked up they song .. /:
you already know
this made me giggle-snort
Chics w/ Chics in The Gym!! :( No WorkOUT BUDDEE
m bossa nova! make me feel better!
: Try Reading Town Square. The friendliest, most efficient staff in town. It's like a mom & pop theatre.
Remember that creating mobile pages should be an iterative process.
original artwork created for George Lucas will be at our #charity #NYE #party events. Cool stuff!
is reverting to pen and paper for a things to do list today. What to start first???Yowzers!
People couldn't do nothing about me so they put the devil on me - Jay Z
Little over a week until the Mad Men premiere. Can't! Wait!
I will;)
... and will continue to do so if this laryngitis goes away! People say it's very quiet here right now. ;-)
#MKEfoodies2012 just ordered a round of oysters. First time having oysters EVER... Follow up to come.
It is a 5K run with boot camp style obstacles and mental challenges. I watched the video looks tough but fun :)
#DailyRebellion: Take an extra-long lunch break.
thanks Courtney! Love you too!
That would be some interest effects!
not yet but that would be great!
Listening to Dog Days are Over always gets my energy up. Taking on an exciting new project today
your tweets always make me literally laugh out loud. Thank you.
Swayzee stew pipes. -Julia
I haven't been on twitter as much of late and I'm trying to cut back being so attached to my email.
Thank You ZdMann for the Retweet from March 31st! Much appreciated!
Night was to short ::whew::
Meetup Bike and Hike canceled for tomorrow. It may happen the following week.
Oh! sit down! touch down!
It's partner day! Epicom is gearing up for a big week at
McGill is a little more than her normal crazy today
#HillerHelps - Discernment counseling can be used to see if an objective person thinks your marriage can be saved.
SHOW UPDATE: We are performing @ The Sanctuary Friday, Aug. 26th Hit us up for discounted tickets.
all the dirty birds are cuffed && All the wife material are single. ppl going out this world ass backwards lol RNS
And thatv show is over, you responded to late next show nov28th
Arsenal might as well be Swansea City according to the "experts." Gunners disappointing, but let's drag em through the mud week 2.
Congrats! RT Great night! Dinner, drinks, conversation and & I won a $40 cert. playing "name that tune"
how about you let me know, and i'll have the popcorn waiting and a big plate of oreos and milk with your name on it ;)
Hey guy, come love me.
Happy birthday Mema! RIP
great story on espn! Continued luck with everything!
Til I Die
Someone just asked me if I was manorexic because I turned down a piece of cake. Good god it's to early for cake.
school officially starts back tomorrow... let the countdown til spring break begin
RT : Another successful night
No, I don't hate you.hahaha
The Mayor is in bed. Get out of my bar.
I JUMPED THE GUN LITTLE GUY HIT A BUMP IN RECOVERY
great job on !
Hello London! - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Love your city and your country!
The best part of my Tuesday every week is watching #smash from the night before.
thanks, looking forward to it!
If I don't know you don't Call me at work.
and santorum on the end?
: I spy with my little eye two military choppers over downtown #Chicago right now Shared via TweetCaster
So glad you were there! Thank you! RT : Enjoyed my time with you brilliant ladies at #evaustin last weekend!
Yi Kidong's scholarship never ceases to amaze me.
haha. I've sent you at least 5. So lonely...
Now, for a very limited time, raspberry pancakes!
word of wisdom
Remember when used to have auctions in Chicago? Oh yeah.
Lebron forgot to take his talents to Indianapolis this road trip.
ill be back before ya know it bro. Rekindle things with !
Don't you be holding back your love
I love you too sis :)
My heart is so heavy tonight as I close a chapter of my life and trust that God will work it for His glory
Plus nobody I know got killed in South Central LA/ Today was a Good Friday -
3AM wake-up in New York. LAX at 10:30. Meeting in Orange, CA at 1:00. Huntington Beach by 4:00.
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Oh Lord, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth. -Psalm 8:9
Course level structures for blending - blend students in online setting with f2f students.
"Don't confuse having less with being less, having more with being more, or what you have with who you are." ~ Noah Benshea ;) x
what's good?
Our business is about technology, yes. But it's also about operations and customer relationships. - Michael Dell
be prepared to get
Work 'em hard, bro. Traps are dense, and lazy. =) Be safe. Enjoy
yeah I usually expect Office Space to be at the top of most people's lists, lol I forgot about Grandma's Boy
WHAT??? RT : Today I use LOTS OF CAPITAL LETTERS. It is THAT KIND OF DAY.
Share with me...what were you born to do and are you doing it?
Excited & proud to have signed with ! New job starts 2day, & rehearsals 4 a new vocal group 2night!
I legit just laughed so hard at that drawing! The parse act she captured your alls pose is phenomenal.
Big Day at Vampire Weekend Big Room around 2p and Sold Out Show at the LC tonight!
Mushroom risotto has calories?
Do midgets drive lowriders?
HBCU Tour and Ultrasound mixtape finally done deals!! Get back at ya with dates, times, and venues!!
ALL OF THE KIDS WIT THA PUMPED UP KICKS.
Feeling shitty. Had a second job interview today. Spontaneous thing. Thought I had it in the bag-someone put dog poop in that bag lol
Equally disappointed :-(
Good question. RT: How did we get 12 members into the van? Watch the newest episode to find out.
right on
twitpic RT : I love dressing fly
Jhawks cleaned up on Big 12 awards
#MyCelebCrushIs !!!! But you all already knew that. Hell, let's throw in a little , and
Remember to check out the Lighting the Way trailer, and head over to the DC premier (March 25th) if you are in the area!
Finally at Camp Quantico!
You know your fat when you have to text someone to get you some chick-fil-a ;)
I worked last night. But I'm going to my HS friend's surprise bday party tonight. Then back to work again. Sheesh! :D
your amazing!! <3 you(:
Tom doesn't want to know what the people have to say, so he uses user style sheets to hide them on news sites.
Dear random kids standing outside my house, Leave. Thank you very much
We didn't do anything for Easter I guess my childhood is offically over...
do you know what a #hashtag is?
good luck
For 2 years lint has been collecting inside the ENTIRE cavity of dryer. Hoses were never connected! Potential for fire was huge.
LA Miami is getting the academy award. Dallas will try unsuccessfully.
Finally got twisted up lookin fresh!!!
I want to win the arcade
. has had some sick giveaways recently. Their latest one: 40 books for #Entrepreneurs - appsumo.com/~5mC1
YES, WE NEED A PRIVATE JET WITH BEDS...OH BEDS ARE HEAVEN!!! LOL...
Thanks for one of the funniest segments I've heard in a while.
Ayoo! Lol we're too funny..like we weren't just on the phone talkin business lol
haha fag boy:p
I just wish you understood.
SMH come on you can"t tell me this game aint fix
Haste in every business brings failure.
I miss you too hunnie!!! I had a dream about Miami last night! We are all so busy :/
- OH OH! Rip Obama and save our economy!
I may or may not write a song today. It may or may not be in Spanish.
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced? now in HD at www.silverproductionsmv.com
any friend of is a friend of ours. love that big lug, we're old pals from ohio.
Mother’s Day is just around the corner on May 13th. Don’t forget to treat your mom to a special gift this year - a Massage Envy Gift Card!
Hellzapoppin featuring music by Camdon Scott (American Idol Semin Finalist) starts @ 9.........
I do agree that I don't REALLY like any of our choices at eleven. I think anyone is a 'stretch'... Loving the trade <
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
": Admit it, you should be doing something really important right now, but you're on Twitter instead." Yes, homework. Uff!
I had my tweets protected for like 40 mins . I cant live that life . . lol .
DailyHookahTip#124: Don't use wind covers indoors, they tend to over-roast the shisha, resulting in harsh hits.
that's just plain weird
Just having other moms listen when I was having a bad day, how they had been there too & I was not a bad mom helped tremendously
haha just someone i go to school with :)
Awww, you made my day! Thanks!! Happy Easter to both of you!!
we Ridin out this weekend lol
Tired of these social networks they just not like face to face communitcation its just the right way to communitcate
My girlfriend beat my school tonight 4-1. Can't decide if I'm happy or not? Who would you cheer for?!
Is social media helping racism to become performance art?
Thanks so much for coming in Lyndsey! How did the apartment search go?
wuz up bro been a min
Cold Showers, no stove, no heat...ugh I always have gas when I want it least but where is it when I need it the most?
Thanks! RT : Love your Startup Foundation Ad!
Painting the guest room in anticipation of your visit. Also may have a new sofa for the rec room!
RT Can't say THIS enough. Sennheiser HD 555 >
the reference to the origin of the practice is interesting - never thought about it.
Haha. Love it!
I hope the Army is ready for me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
it's spacious enough.
Big game for Packers next monday!! Can't wait!!
#YouKnowYourAnOldMahomie when you remember the day Austin posted the video saying he was home schooled now
thanks for the follow :) i'm excited to learn from #smss12, too!
Ask , if she hasn't passed out drunk yet.
Lets go #Bucks, don't be 'Bucks-like" and give up this lead to lose the game
I can do so much better !
Wow, when are you moving here?
Today is my mom's birthday. Happy Birthday mom! Today is also my puppy's BD. He's a year old. Happy BD Davie!
Two Playboy playmates just walked in the office wearing matching red sweatsuits. They look tired and used.
baby , can i get a refill ?
and I will be there! Looking forward to it. (cc: )
YES RT : Brilliant idea! RT : Q2 - If its a gas BBQ organize a place to store a spare gas bottle,
Ask about the neighbirs upstairs RT : David Bowie Portishead Brian Eno Listening Party.
Thanks to Chesapeake's Operation Blue volunteers for grilling hamburgers and hot dogs for the kids at Positive Tomorrow's today!
Haha bitch you make me laugh!!
LOL... I was wondering too. Refuse to follow that loser.
#SDCChiHack best student team award goes to CloudBout
Speaking of the police scanner, I won't be attending Mifflin (never have), but I will drink & listen to the police scanner! Who else is in?
Mother's day brunch is at 1:00. All I asked for was to be able to sleep in until 9. Think that will happen?
I need to go lipstick shopping at
just realized it's #Fridaythe13th...freaky!
RT If you want to be inspired to perform, watch documentaries and old footage of James Brown. He had it down to a science.
I'm playing Jabroni this wk & am confident. Advice frm u & welcome but Ill disregard his Detroit bias
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes!!!!
Just wrapped all my christmas gifts with recycled ribbon from the wedding. :)
Reup on room
RT : Milwaukee County Executive special election primary today. Did you #votetoday?
Just made the WORST PR mistake that can be made. Terrible mood, but trying my best to move on.
yes true :D
The robot overlords couldn't stop me from having this cookie either.
Believe us, we'll have a date very soon! Thank you all for being so patient!
Bout to get my open Gods word then head to bed. Peace. God bless and goodnight
always a great time with you and
Give yourself permission to experience true joy and playfulness, rather than the false high of
My photo shoot with Ann Taylor is June 20th. =]
can we possibly get an interview for our new site? atlanta.sportsthenandnow.com
not that I've seen!
yeah I need 4 of what you had
time to put house music on blast...what a great excuse for uncoordinated people to try dancing...sad-
We are playing I am playing Friday night and and I are playing Saturday night!
There are many who are living far below their possibilities because they are continually handing over their individualities to others.
I just LOVE 's tweets. Yes, I have nothing better to do at 4:35 AM than lay in bed reading/retweeting them. #DontJudgeMe. (:
I just watched your three videos. My face has such a huge smile!
kook I'm on it
what would you do for some hashbrowns? I am curious to know.
Black&Yellow Black&Yellow Black&Yellow Black&Yellow
im sure he do
yes honey... It doesnt happen to everyone but it does happen to most ~ek
You have to train you mind like you train your body.
Less than 75 hours to go Char. See you bright and early at 9:30am Sat. First liquid noise maker/enhancer on me...hahaha.
Finally back in action..just in time for a long holiday break. Merry Christmas everyone and thanks for all the love.
and maybe it would get rid of the 'can they do it on a cold windy night at stoke' phrase. Lame
Hey - I saw the pic. So sorry. Stay Strong. Love Me.
Best pricing for CD/DVD Duplication and Replication Services!!! Call 888) 203-1829 for more information on how we can customize packaging!!!
I just think I get them right when I'm singing and then I realize I don't lol
hey i had a really hot dream about slater. . Dm me i will tell you
No. 1 Seeds in NCAA Men's Basketball Tourney Announced
Hey sorry the movie just ended! And he said he misses you to!
We’re speaking on trends and directions in I/O at #IBMTechWorld this week, stop by tomorrow, Continental 9 eVR54!
Zoey 101's on TV. You can't even imagine my excitement right now.
My son, who is 8, just invited me to his 21st b-day at La Perla where we'll "ride the pepper and drink Guinness." Hm. Guinness?
Saw a live fox this am in God's country! Beautiful!
Who wouldn't follow ? Guy is a legend.
Our registration system will be down until the new year. Please check back 1/3/11.
Nature walks >
Merry Christmas fellas:)!
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
go ahead and have them roll out the red carpet for me.
Body of former Hitler deputy Rudolf Hess disinterred & burnt in Germany because his gravesite had become place of pilgrimage for neo-Nazis.
Thanks for the RT!
Todays going 2b 52°F ~ Not bad for a February! #Ride on, friends!
I love the fact you guys are all taking the books money.
haha I see that too!
m sounds good! Save me a piece.
well I would ask Brad to be sure in all honesty
Yup RT : You ever wake up horny as fuck and just wanting to rape your woman? No? Just me?
OF COURSE I REMEMBER YOU ARE U KIDDING haha (:
Well... Here comes another segment of "AFL Picks to Click."
Am I allowed to tweet all the details of the case for the grand jury on which I am about to serve?
Oh, totally. I'm POSITIVE he DOES care, but I'm SO sick of this never-ending battle. Gays should have these rights ALREADY!
iUsee to think you took my breath away, then I realizedd I was juss suffocatedd by your bullshidd!
do you ship to Austin, TX?
i also didnt fully understand urban's love & connection for/with Ohio/OhioState. that means everything.
Someone once asked me, "are you a rockstar or an asshole?" My response: "What's the difference?"
So hot today, beach time..
Next Tuesday is our Pirate and Princess Party. There will be face painting, games, and your favorite characters to take pictures with!
I love his strangeness. In the video of his final Goldberg Variations the love just pours out of his while body into the keys.
:"People don't go to call a 1-800 for customer service now they go to twitter & other social media."
Thank you kindly! Happy to be working at mStoner on my bday! :)
If you love someone, tell them right now, for hearts are often broken by words left unspoken
RT I am hashtagging a new word. Anti Semites who operate within the twitta world will be henceforth referred to as
#womenrock! We are emotional but emotionally we withstand and endure anything!
I'm glad that you're the person you are today. There are many people who pretend to be what they're not but not with you.
Welcome Police Bureau to today's Open House!
shut up Wiley
Super jealous you got to go to my shrine to all things tech... cool, eh?
lot bigger problems than Keith. Including but not limited too the worst goaltending tandem in the nhl.
Nice! Where are your seats?
finally finished my huge crossword puzzle..
wow, up to 7496 ratings from 662 this afternoon.
No, I'm not gay for pay. Let me reside btwn those thighs and then you tell me am I gay for pay.
4 months now.i have a little tummy
Welcome to Sunny Florida from a Yankees fan!
The Jonas Brothers Concert movie is on <333
Apple cup! go huskies!
Last 2 days of 5 week at Berklee! Awesome hang. The students were wonderful!
thanks, appreciate it.
Watching couples videos on youtube(:<3 awwwh
Whenever I start to feel stressed, I remember: God is in control and He has a tremendous plan for my life:) U should always know that to:)
ah glass, the great insulator - nice pic
how many do you have? lol.
There will be a CD release party @ The Orphanage for ATHENS local Chicago band.8pm 643 west 31st street. www.onelonetree.org
This is life! We R Who We R!
Like Pictionary on the Internet? That does sound like mindless fun!! :)
If anyone didn't already know, is wonderful.
Watching a thunderstorm roll in off of Lake Michigan in Chicago, snowstorm watching here would be amazing.
Thanks for all the great advice this season. I won the reg. season and the playoffs.
when? Next year?
next year, all songs will have jennifer in them.
drugs r bad
RT Reading through various recipes featured on website. Good lord, it's overwhelming! I'll have yrs of fun...
LOL, I was lost once...on a second date. Gas station guy, laughed and asked if my girlfriend made me ask.
S/O my all my bilingual followers, we so one of a kind lol
Is it possible to make it out there in less than 2 hours
I'm right there with you :P
Filming new Egan Experiment NOW!!!!!!!1!!!!
Thanks for the World Cup booktalk suggestions!
thanks cuddlah. if you would like to leave the house there are two seats with the cuddlah name on them
aw your prego?
Very jazzed to see my socialism book in the conference bookstore at
ewww okay misty i'll see you in class
May 22 @ The Goat House, ATLAS (Albuquerque, NM), Barbarian, This is a Calling, Triumph Over Shipwreck, Northbound and more TBA!
100 cappers so far today with their pks posted but only 1 consensus so far on the Clippers but looking for more
The baby aint his hoe. Don't get mad when a nigga tell you he wanna know if you fucking other niggaz. We no better.
See...I told you #AmericanReunion had me laughing longer and harder than American Pie! Glad it was the same for you:)
I have developed a weird habit of reaching up to adjust my glasses even when I'm not wearing them.
thanks for the idea! I'm going to try these!
Because when he didn't laugh, you were in trouble!
Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy, you must have somebody to divide it with.
LOVE the 30 Minute Meditation you offer on your site! Thanks Debby!
Just negotiated a great rate for my first run of book printing that allows me to work with kind people locally. All I had to do was ask.
The Obama-Bell Tape is James Hydrick's psychic powers and That's Incredible! Is the Hannity Show...
"Don't f*ck wit my old bitches/like a bad fur/every industry n*gga done had her/trick or treat like a pumpkin just to smash her -Chrisbrown
SCANNER REPORT: suspect in Fond du Lac standoff found dead inside the house. Scanner says house is now secure.
smh they don't understand we got this bro
LOL, no I specifically told Bradley to tell you that it WASN'T yours.
Laughing at his jail talk lmao getting freaky when they monitoring the calls lmao
Ok so up getting ready for school yesterday I didn't feel good but I am feeling better today so I think I might dress up fir school today
I so excite! Nice 1st tweet Heather! RT Fridays at InfoTrust: Panera coffee cake breakfast and free team lunch
Lol, it's just stressful! You want to make sure it's all perfect! Lol good luck though!
boom! You're the winner. Now hopefully I won't forget...ha
How bout those Knicks
hack is how to get an extra 2 weeks on the kruseship. some call it #quarantine. i call it the
#nowplaying usher - scream (:
did what?
Just noticed I'm eating grass-fed beef hot dogs with sauerkraut and drinking Kombucha, shortly after a probiotic. FERMENT ALL OF THE THINGS
so far so good!! im lackin sleep tho:/
Thanks so much for the response - I'll check those resources. Best wishes!
So happy to be in the F-L. Have I ever mentioned how much I love the South?
Dont worry I will!! Thank you budd, you too!! =D
that's what im talking about! go bonz jones!
our wonderful judge! yay for lauren and her fabulous book
you're welcome !! I send you my page to your FB !!
I kno I'm not on here much still a twitter freshman
airplane food`s weird
Albuquerque the Magazine launch party... Here I come! :)
Well well well
Enjoyed a premiere tasting w Steve yesterday! I'm voting 4 D9 in Tarara's cyber Monday 50% off deal on 11/29
Why does Wendy Williams always look on the verge of combustion.
08.01.2011 marks the date of the beginning of the revolution of the Federation. Are you prepared?
cut out a couple of times yesterday for 5-6 mins but not at home today so no idea :)
oh dang! I thought you were serious! And idk sorta if I don't finish the online in time which I probs wont
That's an interesting "fact" - since every school district around here has lost money in the "jobs" budget and is laying off.
Thanks for the RT and your support of the distracted driving campaign.
you're not a lone rebel shouting in the wind. The speed of sound is just slow.
Album promotions $50000 Beats for an album $20000 studio time $10000 finding an #executiveproducer ...PRICELESS
Also, turns 40 this year. Soon it'll start dating a hot young Clear Channel station.
I.... um, no. Thank you. *sits, pours cereal into bowl, adds milk* im surprised you're up. Its late. Are ya ok?
Selena can you plz follow me?
JOSH.FUCKING.WILLIAMS
P1 Power P2 Hunter-Reay P3 Franchitti P4 Castroneves Look for Hunter-Reay to take advantage of the next restart this should be interesting!
Happy #Thanksgiving everyone! Dinner at the Modjeski household was a success! It is always great spending time with the family.
STOP TWEETING ME!!! I don't speak German.
Any MAC users upgraded to Lion? Is it a good move?
Fresno State is 13-30 ATS as a home favorite of 3 to 6.5 points In CBB. Tonight they're favored 3.5 at home vs Idaho.
Excited for CWSL students to compete this weekend at ABA regional mediation competition! Go teams!
This hotel doesn't have a coffee machine.
Yes, solve a problem don't create a solution, very good RT : Great talk by at #startupday on why NOT to do a startup
lol sad but true
happy birthday alcide :-)
Doing a research!
Clean clean clean, then taking my little one out to eat. :-)
I agree 100 percent.
Im to happy i can take that summer driver's ed class for free. That made my whole day.
Amazing. RT Sorry, Rick, but you cannot abort your campaign after 20 weeks. You will be forced to carry it to term.
lay off the dick.
Study Session Playlist (cont.): Oasis, Supersonic -- Superdrag, Destination Ursa Major -- Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, Afro
Wisdom is honey for the soul!
im very proud of you. Seeing you become even more of an amazing person!. You really are a blessing to a lot of people.
RT : Time to go help the grad #wonk team prep for Celebrate AU!! Welcome freshmen!
good you?
Eliminating myself from this situation
thanks for the follow bud
No other way to have it, in my book!
Tell your friends to add me on myspace. www.mypace.com/djnlyte812 and join the new site N'LyTe Soldierz www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/
RT They need to Race for a Clue in addition to a Cure.
There are so many people that I want to say "I told you so" to today. I'll just be passive-aggressive here on Twitter instead.
This Girl.
#FF My Man Tim! Check out the #Surfing Aliens Podcast RT :
it means some real evil shit is going on.
Hey tweeters! The weekend will be here before you know it so what type of events do you want to know about? Tweet us, and help us help you!
You free tonight? Want to come over and watch some movies or something?
hey, king snark...what are you going to do about taxes?
Watching the artsy futuristic film Beyond the Black Rainbow.
Marching down Santa Fe
It's 12:30 at night and I'm in my truck driving to nowhere. Getting pretty tired tho. But, not ready to go home. Sister w/ mom. Me time.
He did what he did. He deserves what he's getting.
God, I hate you so much.
There is only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.- Chinese Proverb...Happy Mother's Day~
do i know you?
When will there be a new #Sanctuary season?!? I. Must. Know!
I'm not, that was a retweet. :)
Go up strong Mikey c'mon
Still not sure what you want to see at this year's #PDXCSTS? Come brainstorm ideas at our 1st meeting! Tonite, Killingsworth Lucky Lab, 7p.
thanks! Still shooting but so far so good!
Sorry I ate your cat.
I need movie popcorn in my life right now
17 or 18 more school days until finals. Um, what? So much left to try to teach them!
How many seasons of American idol do you think there will be?
Not only is the best #nerdprom date EVER! but he is also a great mani-pedi date.
thank you , Andre De Shields and the whole gang for a great reading tonight! new friend too
oh my it was so effin good i cryed for like 15 mins straight hahaha did you?!
/// Gathering up some samples to flip for this Cypher.
updating my iphone
i second this request
if theres something i dont want you to know about me, i promise you'll never find out, no matter who you are. thats how its always been.
Not sure when this one comes around again. I'll try to let you know if I find out.
"Getting an inch of snow is like winning 10 cents in the lottery. "-Bill Watterson
Shoot! The Lion King is on tv! Makes it even harder to want to leave my house!
But wait,
Oh, happy day! I am a lucky girl to have this audition today! :)
So in other words, the news story was misleading. I should've known better. I'll have to go back and look into this. Thanks!
drinking in new orleans/bourbon st.
Tigers win.
Welcome to the Twittersphere. We invite you to follow us back for all the latest news about UMKC Libraries! :)
Just survived a week in Hollywood. Now seeking whiskey and wisdom.
NWS confirms a tornado did touch down yesterday in Elysian. It was an F0 with 80-85 MPH winds and went for 7 miles.
Roses are red, violets are blue, i have a gun get in the van. BITCH.
Go pats!
A terrible thing happens when inspiration takes a day off. Nothing.
We're compiling a book for the Sept. 11 anniversary. Proceeds go to charity. to "What were you doing on Sept. 11?"
Thanks to and for the RT's yesterday. Appreciate it.
"Hi Scotty! Doing a program. What font would be good to use? There'll be a bio on the back. Should I use the same font for it?" Love my mom!
Im still, awake
RIP Gary Carter, they apparently do come in 3's.... I don't want to know who is next....
Acoustic Open Mic! Drink some beers and open your ears.
Long time comin ...
Awww thank you lady! You so shweeeeet! : happy Saturday/your Friday! <3
Hi Dalila. Hope you r well. Missing you ALOT. Hoping your music going well. You have such a beautiful voice and sound!!!
Hey Jamie please follow me! I'm a big brazilian fan & I would be very happy if u follow me! Have a grear night! Xoxo
i hope it was for charity or something. I bet i could make that for a hundred bucks
Smh I got some bad ass followers....
You got that right!
that beautiful moment when harry thinks DTF means dedicated to fans <3 gotta love this boyy ;)
what yo name is
episode 1, season#3 of Dont be afraid of the dark is up now FREE on itunes or atshutuoandlistenpodcast.com
Yes my allergies might not be as bad as someone else's, but that doesn't mean mine aren't still a problem.
lakers, look for kobe to have 40 pts, and a game winner
Hey Ya'll!! Just wanted to remind Ya that I'm playing country night @ Winstons in Ocean Beach tonight @ 7pm!!! See Ya'll Later!!! -BAC
The Freight House and Piggy's are very good. For a good beer, check out the Bodega Brew Pub. Very long beer list. Have fun!
Thanks & to your success!
": Hahaha I love the meow mix commercials"
Good Am I just Want SuM Fire Ass Head!
Would you rather live 90 years and be ugly or live 80 years and be attractive
oh you know.. Highschool. & having to deal with guys that are jerk, but you are so right! Tomorrow is a new day..<3
Maybe if I killed myself, I'd get a nice funeral. Maybe you'd attend it, and cry because you never got to say you hated me to my face.
i WANT SOME!
They give you a disclaimer as food is served: "Now this is my first time making this" or "I had a tough time with..."
#WiseWordsToLiveBy Life's a beach, you just gotta learn how to surf.
Wwe have a .997 fielding %? 1 error in 9 games? This won't last...
Only in Fear of a Black Hat
nice to be with you and learn from you today
never nice when it's the playoffs
If u think about its crazy how people know how to roll blunts but no one knows who was the first to roll a blunt who taunt that nigga?
FRIDAY: Join SP Terry Murray as she kicks of her 2012 campaign at Plimoth Plantation 6PM!
's performance was sick! #LOVE?it!:)
lmao everybody gettin on ha head smh. When are these females gone learn
Twitter, why won't you let me block people right now?
Aw man. One of my office bookshelves broke. An essential stabilizing shelf so now the whole thing needs to go. Sigh. WHY?
This spring for sure! RT : take him to see dad's old stomping grounds, err, the newer version at least #alexbox"
#DEFCON, CIO of Stratagem 1 showed case examples of how he social engineered his way in and could have caused severe company damage. Fun
those dream when your at school and our naked
We've got hail now.
We're always interested in helping. Let me know more?
thanks!!! What size ring do you wear, maybe I'll make one for you!!
let's hope they keep it up. :)
Just ha fun partying with my orchestra peeps! Yeah I said it, I'm in orchestra! I'm loud and I'm pretending to be proud :D
Miss you like crazy babes.
I love driving in the rain to almost anything by Philip Glass
Looking forward to this!
Limit your credit card usage on nifty deals coz buying things is that much sweeter when you pay in cash!
Never be intimidated by a smart person. After all, it's easier to debate a smart person than to argue with an idiot.
Looks good, Rod!
Related stuff be my guest (family members is who I'm talking too) lol
a total cluster- i wish it all happened like it was supposed to, but at least its all out now :)
yOU'VE NEVER TWEETED ME.. OR ANYTHING. please follow me, i lovezz you.
Stop in to #RedMarlin for an after work cocktail. Read for information on the ongoing #HappyHour from 3-5 pm:...
"The Eyes Have It" playlist from -- bonus points for punning: ttp://ow.ly/aU57v
Come's off pretty "Larry Craig" calling the POTUSA "gay."
glad to see someone understands other than myself haha
It sounds like and his band are doing a soundcheck while we wait outside for the Make a Strip panel.
Awww this is adorable!! Happy Anniversary Biscuit and Chaaaaaannnnnce! Love you guys!
I'm craving chocolate covered cockroaches m
I feel bad from just looking at the Grizzlies fan and their players...
I just saw your youtube videos, & um.. I love you.
shit don't change
this shirt is sick! Whens it coming out? Tmon, just watched SB XLV again and i know the D will b like tht again
Might not count as a comeback brand but gotta love how continues to push innovative products and grow the brand
Wrk day sux..but gotta get paid!$$
Was teasing. I'm sure those AGs are motivated only by the interest of assuring their constituents the best access to health care.
I need to but no, I have my son, coloring Easter eggs tonight... Gonna try and pick up tomorrow night
I heard the actor who did Darth Vaders fight scenes died yesterday : ( I think I'll mourn by playing #SWTOR all night!
I'm good now.
Thought I had to test today. Turns out I don't.
you should tell micah to go home and hang out with his roommates!
makes sure u submit ch1 by 11 if u didnt do it already
Since I can't sleep, I'll just write some new songs. #Focused on the goal.
Just had a 90 year old man tell me why there are so many Steeler fans in the USA. I believe him. He also said he is in the mafia.
So facsinating that #IHOP is more relevant in #twitterworld than the important primaries in #MI and #AZ????
Happy Spring Break! Relax at home with a therapeutic massage or spa treatment. Save 30%, now thru Thrusday, 3/15.
College campuses need napping rooms.
Its to early to be this damn tired!
I just bought a couple of gizmos at I would buy more there if the s & h were not so high compared to s. & h. at other sites.
Have a great show w/ tonight! We are all good w/lou for 10/8. Try to check out Chris Garneau at Spaceland Sunday!
agreed - but to the rest of the world, it all looks like the part of the same thing. gotta keep out the riff raff.
My tweet?
Happy Birthday!!!
RT : Only a few shy of 10000 Followers. Give us a RT to push us over !! #socialmedia #ff << HELP !!
Happy birthday!
ready for some racin and then a very late drive home :)
Rocking out to a pop-punk cover of Love Story. No shame ever.
Don North: "Multimedia" journalist has multiple meanings, depending on what your home platform is. Can anyone "do it all" well?
Hang on, marriage after the first date? I guess it doesn't matter, it's all about the Dalmatians, all 101 of them
In that case you should look at putting on your team for the outdoors. She needs her break.
what field?
Some one bring me something from florida! Stuck in gosh darn elkhart
<U+200E><U+200B>Starting today Nov 13th 2011,Divine Skin and Slimming centre will officially be open also on sunday from 10.30-16.30.Thank you
Wow, what an ending, however.
"As a museum, you add value not by having (objects), but by making (objects) available." -- Gary Vikan of The Walters
- Thanks Jeri, you hit me in the head with a rock on this one! I need it. I love your book and all the info. All great! :))
Hey! You're pretty gorgeous yourself, dollface! Thankyou :)
Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, and faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
"If we're exotic to ourselves, then whose voices are we speaking from?”
the guy who holds the world record for most points on temple run goes to my school and I know him. #jealous? ;)
thanks let me touch base!
Check out ' music! She is one of our new followers!
ha! a Brit friend of mine finds boba to be sacrilege. nothing touches her PG Tips except milk.
Next week at this time I'll be relaxing in #Miami with ... Bags already packed!
it's really not a bad idea
Happy hump day & thanks new fabulous followers (<3 tagline!)
Apparently there's a clock keeper conspiracy to ensure that the #Badgers lose on back to back nights.
We love ! awesome music apps ..great user-experience. Setting the benchmark.
There is a half hour High Tide show on TV tonight on SD Time Warner Cable Ch. 19 at 8:30pm!
LOL! Well I'm glad it all worked out :D That all kinda sounds like the setup for a very funny movie
*looks for transfer*
I do believe it's time for my once a year run through of all the Doctor Who episodes.
doesn't Disney teach marital trust and a womens role in society?
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways remember anniversaries. It's important.
Is he playing games with your heart? :)
really wishes this project were done already.
In da lab get'n it!!! What's crackin' homie??
Your home is part of your history - the memories will travel w/ you. Just imagine what memories your next home will bring!
nahh I'm happiest guy<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
yeah it's a line from a song I'm working on
Looking for live tweets and info from 2011 SECO? Search under hashtag #SECO11. Pass it along!
Was too distracted about this time cover business that I totally screwed up Mac n cheese.
Will do!
Oh, I think you meant the guest post on positive stereotypes. Thanks. I'll pass that on to the authors.
That's right, get a better place to hear it...
man time travel joe. It's crazy.
We're sending out a freebie for Friday the 13th! Join our mobile club and stayed tuned! Text SUNSET to 55800!
hmm ill try but this weekend i have a party or something my moms taking me to so i might be able to do a half hr ill see(:
hes back on the crystal meth
I did that yesterday. I just said to myself I ate it all cuz it was small
hahaha That is worthy of a retweet... literally laughed out loud.. I can just picture you saying it
Hooray, a positive 90 day review! (I'm always secretly worried I'm fired at these things)
Roger Espinoza does more work than anyone on that field.
Wow! Ok, thanks!
Always great stuff here
My god sister just cooked some shrimp pasta and baby it's good af s/o to chef C Lolz
Rockies game in the rain! Leggo!!
lol they gone get you lol
Wow i havent tweeted all day
congrats on your 100urbanentrepreneurs grant. excellent.
thanks for the #ff love.
Freak,someone did that to me!
<-- FOLLOW get her to 1000 :DD
Possibly the only person to be high as fuck right now and not be tired, but watch my ass pass out in like ten minutes. :D
well he did start un-following high school girls once called out! I mean, what else can you ask from a guy?
That is where i am lol RT : especially in the city!
How did she get in the arena? I'm assuming she was banned at some point.
Cooling with the team #Moneyville Ent
me 3! DAM!
The ratio is off! You need two more apples.
You love man utd. I love man utd. Doesn't that mean you should follow me? :) x
new music and artists... and still is a MAJOR form of promotion and record labels still are coming to the stations
i go my naomi and william:D
Goodnight peace out
How do you feel about the Moody Blues?
....um, yeah lol about that haha. Me say no more x)
ha valentines day is gonna suck, working the night shift till 2 and still have no gf happens every year it seems like forever alone for me
whole room standing ovation fav, time to celebrate
I often wonder what my life would have been like if I'd stayed. Very different, I imagine.
A GO scholar said "why does my mom not talk about this with me" when we talked about puberty. We ought to help our children know!
Senitivity training this morning and all I can hear in my head is SHUT UP!!! I got DEADLIFTS to do.
Thabk you so much! That keeps us doing what we are doing! You are such an amazing young woman! Xoxo
Hope all of our seniors are excited about Senior Week 2011!! Tonight: Riverboat Casino Party!
Eduardo C. Corral's Slow Lightning review by Rigoberto Gonzalez in the current issue of is a powerful read.
Ugh alright let's get it back now...
great - looking forward to reviewing it with the team. We'll follow up shortly
gotta c im not sure what tow schedule like once im there. They paying ne to be there
Chicago welcomes Tavis Smiley and Dr. Cornel West...Poverty Tour at St. Sabina tomorrow at 6:30 pm... Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
It's not social *media*, it's *social* media.
4E: HIDDEN HOMELESS; FAFSA; LATIN KING
SERU provides a purchasing agreement not usage rights
diss is a form of advertisement...lol
RT : The ones who want to achieve & win championships motivate themselves. -Mike Ditka
Looking forward to #TheFields premiere tonight with !
Prom is stupid and I don't want to go
call me then
good luck!
your poor teacher probably hates us!
Amazing day<3(:
Yes - I get to channel Julia Child for a role!!
Between 6am Friday and 2am Sunday, I had less than 5 hours of sleep and I deejayed 3 parties. Today is truly my day of rest.
If my math is correct, current U.S. debt is now exactly 28,399 $olyndras and forty-two cents.
Emergency test delivery of pills through mail to be tested in St. Paul, elsewhere - Chicago Tribune
Please plan to return to Phoenix in the spring of 2013 for Mobile Learning Experience 2013. Dates will be announced soon.
CC: RT If this score holds, in the Flyers' 11 playoff games this year, the team that scored first will be 1-10.
Left your lipstick on the glass of your daiquiri, ruby red, usually ends up in tragically.
I understood that, but denying that the USA is a very successful empire gets us nowhere. All I meant by that.
"High Tea," eh? What is in that scone?
let me know if you like the email I just sent! Great job tweeting! :-)
Nick Johnson has just tied Albert Pujols with 1 homerun!
You're welcm
Bout to go dine out to eat
Today in Literary History: On April 11, 1931 Dorothy Parker resigned as drama critic for The New Yorker.
david wright is my new boyfriend <3
Hi! Can I RSS the Shareaholic blog? I can't find the RSS button and doesn't accept my email for a subcription:(
lol I don't think so either but I would rather have blake then felton 4 sure!! At least blake can shoot and don't turnover the ball
well said!
Everyone is making today an excuse to stay in and have sex cause its raining -___- lol
Lol that was me..
Being with my mom and grandma together is so draining I swear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
which is absolutely ridiculous! How can they bring Troy back before her?! Come on now! She's mastered the game.
and I'm in Wisconsin. Blondes are serious business here.
i'd stay far away, I can get pretty vicious
Getting my hair done :) it's been awhile
Today is a great day to make some serious money!
I'm doing the same search. I want to make a small composter for under the kitchen sink, but every place sells like 500 worms
I like 's YouTube videos :)
Fill-in the Blank #MarchMadness...Lou-ville 1st round goners last 2 ncaas, Cards will win ___gms in this
When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle
Tell Me If You Like It
they need to clean house and start rebuilding honestly.
"yeah... lick the shit off my dick."
i shopped at an H&M in berlin. crazy awesome stuff for cheap = score!
Congrats to both of our baristas! and for winning free tickets to this weekend. Awesome girls!
Sorting out 7 Years War & Americans with Disabilities Act, & averting two felonies, is an accomplishment.
please find my luggage and please help more than "we don't track bags" when I call for an update about my important stuff.
I met Mat McHugh, the guy who does extras casting at some place like Actors Connection. And yeah, it's AFTRA only. Poop.
RT if u started off havin a good friday.
Dryland Water Polo programs are now getting ready...Contact youthtothecore in San Diego to keep your athletes ready
Seeing photos of "books leaping to their death" breaks a librarian's heart!
I watched Star Trek last night and I cannot look at Spock the same after I watched Heroes.
you Gonna make these last 18 laps or do you need a beer
Yeah im new and this is my 1st official tweet okai the last ones were made by my cuzin ;) Luv ya allz Live Life GRAND Be ICONic 43V3R
eat your words craig
I know the behind feeling :)) I am just getting to your message! lol Have a GREAT weekend! :)
Lol! This is awesome! Are you taking this seriously? I thought you were enjoying the single life.
RT A big "Thank You" for the follow! You can also follow me
I'm off tmrw... Who tlkn abt going swimming w/ me at campus park? No one k koo :/
Geez 445am is going to come rarly
Not saying Ibaka was more deserving. I like that Chandler won the award, he's paid his dues. Just crediting Ibaka's season.
yeA, I imagine the docter knows the damage 20 half samoan babies would do to ur body lol
getting ready for my notable genre books panel tomorrow at #WAPL2011 - hope there are some romance readers in the crowd
you did great man!
The Eight show is sold out this Saturday night at Alliance Repertory Co!
Has anyone seen the movie "Country Strong"? Good, bad, OK?Give me your feedback. I was thinking I would like to see it if it's a good...
That sounds so dreamy. I think that's exactly how I'll spend my evening. :)
Opportunities frequently don't last long, and the window of opportunity is small.
I'll have this date in "Music History" with John Lennon, the E Street Band and more today at noon! + Details on FREE GAS FRIDAY on
lol you would (,: too funny
aw happy "late" birthday Hahn ur the best!
I luv to see BIG bitches in waterbeds
it just doesn't get any better than that photo.
i love u
ok that makes me feel better why u bored
Sorry! Too late. It has been destroyed. Maybe they will send out a new one for me to photograph.
On the news it said Zigi Wilf wanted an honest harsh assesment of his team. I have one "They really really suck, this will never change"
we're around :)
I text you and you dont answer... Okay i see how it is ;P
Reminds me of a certain Seinfeld episode...
would love to hear how it goes.
If it does not go up by 12 are you still going to extend the promotion due to technical difficulties? Thanks for responding
THE AVENGERS. WAS. EPIC!
After 3 straight days at an antitrust conference, I'm free at last! Time for a Rock Creek Park run and then the reward of #Caps Game 5!
Next question for candidates: How do you propose solving the budget cut to transitional housing programs for homeless seniors?
Omgheee U Have A Clothing Line..!
awww how cute
i won lol cause i jumped in it but im suspended for 3days
g's up hoes down.
Four Years After the Oprah-Eckhart Tolle Web Class, What I Still Can Learn - Huffington Post
Father John Misty show befuddled me (in a good way). Thoughts to come tomorrow.
What could you possibly be doing at the Palumbo Center this early in the morning?!?
What surgery did you get? Feel better! (;
haha yeah missing two rims too
I have said that several times but I'm sure I got it from somewhere myself.
oh iight cool
Thanks for the nice review of The Paradise Prophecy, Wayne.
np and If you want to change it you can on monday. Is the last week 2 weeks from now ?
i appreciate that bro.. forreal. you dont even know. i really do man. thanks
zomg! Me too!! Obsessed.
Great view of Mars, Venus, and Jupiter tonight
High performance teamwork requires self-management and self discipline - it starts with you.
A stitch in time, saves nine.
nice! Should be around, yes. Give me a call anytime.
Are U touring Phoenix this Fall ?
I love watching KKTNY, my favoriiittteee :)
Major barriers people face to increase physical activity are time, access to convenient facilities, and safe environment
but i like that one though.
Karma is real
Rockin' the End of the Year Bash in Garland, TX on Dec. 10th!!!
Featuring Jacob Cross At Magoons tonight - get here!
Thank you for coming to speak to my journalism class at SDSU! Best of luck with everything!
Missing my man, , this evening! He's snowboarding in Colorado, and I'm in Indy giving guitar lessons. Come home!
"Though some of the more surreal and absurd moments in Dalton's work get the headlines, it's the quieter moments... that shout the loudest"
Thank God for this day! (:
whats worse than biting in to an apple and find a maggot .........RAPE
22oz Nugget Nectar for 5$ March 1. PGH kick all the kegs by Friday Night. If you love nugget nectar ur drinking here
I learned a lot about #Articulate branching today from Scott Payne. A great instructor who makes it look so easy.
It might be the 11hrs of sleep I got
dentists don't work on Fridays
hey mom! i love you!
Armando Peraza had surgery last week and everyone was nervous about his recovery. He came home from surgery and played congas the same day!
The Help is such a good movie, thank god they're still some reputable movies made instead of the usual sugary crap Hollywood makes today
$AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB up 80% we
Just finished up a radio interview.
;D I mean it!! Haha
Apparently now we're scandalized that college campuses offer healthy food options (which students pay for). See prev RT.
#comcast cable is out 06117
Distractions are a counterfeit assignment to your divine assignment. -Dr. John Testola-
Awe!!! NYC is so cute right now, people all geared up for the big parade!
two cross country trips and no "from the flight deck" :(
Flirting is what I do best.. just hoping I can get a bj out of it ;)
I love you too Daddy. You are awesome <U+E418>
me too! But that few first seconds when it just says their names gives me false excitement!
#BestBoyBand to me is
your fans love 2 watch & listen 2 u everyday, JW do u ever have what your fans call a Reba day where u watch & listen 2 ur own stuff?
When are we dropping the hyphen for good?
Waiting at Phoenix Airport for wife and daughter I'm cell phone lot. It's hot here.
damn da west going in the east gone come bk thow
I need to stop going to places in the hood. Motherfucker wanna talk about his case up in the shop
k well text me whenever u get wifi, an we will have to have a FaceTime date sometime soon:)
The real mayor or the Foursquare mayor?
RT : so many to choose from Jimi Hendrix to Nirvana and all in between
my sis just bought your album and we are both in love & can't get enuff :D pure and amazing talent! Much <3
and Great meeting you guys yesterday. Looking forward to the book club!
Yes we are :)
Oh baby. My sweet baby. You're the one.
fly to the sky or fall to hell. you're choice.
What are you listening to? I need new music! Want to grab some Lowcraft CD's
#FF #teamfollowback I FOLLOW back (my husband) ;D
rudeness begets rudeness - it goes the other way too. :) (good luck w/you studying)
some girls want Diamonds, others want un-cloned, unmodified juicy red tomatoes. Is that so much to ask for?
I'm sorry moccasins you are far to old for me to care about those untied laces. #YO...no, i can't.
Giveaways &amp; Glitter: Savvycents Wallet Organizer Review.
And yees I just got it back! but i'm gon to bed so i'll text ya tomorrow!
Hey Toros! Happy spring break! Head up to Big Bear where the snow is plenty!!
I just watched that Coachella video and I'm pretty sure that Tupac is real and Snoop is the hologram.
Just tell me who bought the Oodles Of Noodles and I'll leave you alone. I DID“: Hahaha! "You. Don't. Even. KNOW!!!!
"Mia is the cookie to my oven" Haha young love
- that sucks man! traffic cops are pure evil. I think I saw one frisking an old lady the other day. Despicable. :-p
hell naw! gave it to my coworker who is a KB fan...it didn't stay in my possesion too long...burned my hand just touching it
Faith and prayer are the vitamins of the soul; man cannot live in health without them. Mahalia Jackson
Oh Duh... What are you writinq??.. Im still doinq Music To My Ears...
I forgot how absolutely filthy and wrong "Wild Things" was. Denise Richards used to be smokin'.
Sold. You bake and make cocktails, best neighbor ever.
I COULDVE SWORN OKC IS THE SAME TEAM AS THE SEATTLE SUPERSONICS ONLY DIFFER IS THEY SWIITCHED CITIES SO BANDWAGONERS HOP OFF THE TRAIN PLZ
"Black women are 50% more likely to reach orgasm during sex than white women." Wait so does that make it 25% more likely for me? lol
haha yeah. At my exit.
Have all the singer's come back and sing" We Are The World"
THE NEWEST SITE THAT IS KILLING THE INTERNET RIGHT NOW IS .... www.djbruckup.com ... CHECK IT OUT NOW #HEAVVVYYYY RT
I am gonna be a great aunt again!
RT : "Because no matter what happens to the book or newspaper in the decades to come, the cocktail napkin will always be...
We love the work that is flowing into our blog, Its great to see artists taking advantage of the opportunity.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet A Woman Who Doesnt Lie .
I can't remember, but are you going to any of the KC-Rockies games this weekend? I'll be at Friday's game.
Soul Alliance will be playing in Red Bar!
What Happened?
Remember, until you make peace with who you are, you will never be happy with what you have
I am going to see St Vincent this evening. Will post photos.
I love her too :)
Congrats to the Flyers for embarrassing the Pens last night. Bet you're happy and proud
i know, right. I enjoy pumpkin lattes. Helps me get in the mood for Fall, but I had to throw this one out.
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We save you #money on your auto expenses through the internet.
I hope coco eats you're wosk and xialo shits on you're bowl
my throat seriously needs to SHUT UP AND STOP BEING SO SCRATCHY.
#truly Lively comments on David Biespiel's "After Five Decades, Ginsberg's 'Howl' Still Shocks and Inspires."
Wow, even "Ternana Calcio" is the first thing on Google when typing in "Ternana". How is it dude? What you there for? How long?
Happy Earth Day!
my mother was SO serious! And in my mind im like, she's prob right! Looool. But i want to keep my options open.
+ = AMAZING! So happy for both of you. Wish I could have been there. Maybe I will work for one of them someday.
Just wait until tomorrow hits and it all catches up. it may change your mind haha
I just tweeted out to a list of them that I got from 's tweets yesterday
Be the hero of your office... Pick up some breakfast tacos to go from The Screaming Goat!
you totally CRACK me up! hey how about this...I am multi-tasking, checking out your fb statuses and tweets! amazing 4 a guy!
hated, just HATED Tiny Furniture. Except for Charlotte. Heeelarious.
Grateful for beautiful sunsets; last night's was in Manhattan Beach over the Pacific- gorgeous!
Don't forget everything you do that's ME
Bouta bake this fish & make a salad ;)
when, both of yall aint got what i need anyway
good morning everyone hope you all have a great day =)
Happy happy birthday to
Trading Zloty futures... or something like that.
“Don’t be afraid of death. Be afraid of a life you didn’t live. You don’t have to live forever, you just have to live.”
I'll keep my baby safe at night when its thundering<U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I'm being taunted by the small print......
For those of you in West Virginia - Tiger Woods has also committed to play The Greenbrier tournament in July.
Surprised by how much I like Veronica Mars!
I know the pronunciation rule for the letter -g- in Spanish, but what is it in Italian? When is it silent and why not for "Modigliani"?
haha have fun!
RT : Anyone else noticing people outing themselves via Foursquare check-ins. I love it!
STupid blackberry doesn t even wrok anymore
Already a gorgeous Saturday!
Good because I'm too lazy to ever post those. I just RT and move on.
What do you guys think of the new Facebook re-design?
Eating at the carrabba's Italian grill in miami!!!
just hit me that it's march madness and I am missing all the action #imdepressed Hopefully florence bars will show some of the games
And When Im Older Imma Know Just Wat To Do To Ya Because The Future's Lokkin Bright So Come Into The Light
Not being able to lay on one side because my cartilage hurts. <<<
we should..LOL
Our conference, is being put together by local entrepreneurs, contact me if you would like to contribute/sponsor :-)
RIP Danielle. Condolences 2 her fam. 1 thing we all have in common is our love 4 God bless her!!
QoTD: "The will to win means nothing without the will to prepare." (Juma Ikangaa)
It's always so quiet here, creepy!
Back at my middle school AlmaMater..
. Welcome to twitter!
As a Central Austinite, I have decided that and will now pay 25 percent of my property taxes.
A benefit of discarding #stuff: I get space, which I can fill with
bout to go to dinner with the family
absolutely! the only thing you outgrow as an adult is being able to fit on those horsey rides outside of KMart.
A Special SML Package Purchase link can now be accessed on our "Free Optimazion Contest" page for those who would rather just pay!
Sat through 2 jury pools today but not picked for either trial - sat around all day and am now exhausted.
I'm tryn find out now
Scared money don't make money...
Ask your local dealer to contact Bett Fishing Tackle 863-763-2248. They are beginning to export our baits to SA
i understnd why she put u before me! Ur so nice! Unlike other pll on twiiter [wink wink]
Preach today man!
Wife traveling, 2 kids to get to bed. What on earth did parents do before iPads?
Lord you're my everything :)
Thank you to Moore & Van Allen for the lunch and time...fantastic on the 46th floor of the BOA Tower!
When will you find the end has no finish line my friend
I got the recipe for my destiny
nuclear power! he's gonna be whomped!
did u find out what's the deal w/Deftones?
Imagine life with no humor. I ain't bout that life.
thanks.. :) i take it ur going to bed?
that sounds like a big thrill!
Its to fucking hot out here!!
REMINDER: March meetup for is tonight at at 7pm. See you there!
Yes they is lol
Google calendar sure is shaping up to be a life saver when things are getting a bit busy! Took me way too long to finally use it.
Weddings half off for portfolio building www.ewaldronyuhas.com
My 3yrol: "you say Pimples?" (No baby, daddy doesn't like Pickles) "..nipples?" -_- Lol! smh
what's holding you back? Are you interested in what you're writing about?
The Team Penske boys are in town today! Welcome to the D , and !
#MKTG118 Tweet about your experience with this Twitter Class activity. Be sure to mention and use #MKTG118... last one coming up!
the has the fund for children to creat orbs and youth engaged in community funded in part by sport teams.
hahah this snow book is crazy!! I'm soo keeping it (: and I can't wait to read the notebook again (: oh and this blows!
Also our sister site www.facebook.com/socalhcg is having a giveaway for a FREE 2 ounce bottle of HCG
what's idiosyncratic about Records and Keys? The fact that hyperlinks (#URIs) become 'Super Keys' via #LinkedData ?
Being locked out of my house in the rain
Crazy Headache!
RT : #Libras may not hold grudges but we aren't freakin idiots either.
Coffee and
thanks sweet pea! Whatcha #amwriting/editing this morning?
Ill be cheerin my ass off today
aw man i'm a couple days late but HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
Gotta have brains and looks when you got a grown man.. Only little boys go for dumb bitches who ain't gone be shid..
I'm about to DM u my number.
Did the #P90X legs and back workout this evening. Still bringing it in 2012.
In the Drivers Education car. Just got done driving. This car Suckkkssss
I fight my own battles. Idc if its a female or male. Mark my words, I WILL END YOU.
thanks for FF, hope your #racquetball game is good.
If Indiana is a 4 the badgers have to be at least a 4
Please follow me(: 7
NPR's Scott Simon did a thoughtful piece on tourists. It's worth a listen if you get a chance.
Osho on Fear - All your fears are by-products of identification.
I'm very yearn with you, ^_^
urban outfitters is having a fall sale. that's probably gonna be the best time for me
RT : 10,000 schools have a farm to school program which helps kids try new fruits and veggies!
“: Happy Mothers Day beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>”Thank you Love!
Well, I don't think miss Sarah Parish is a pot smoker. Some people are just so republican.
I fucking hate her so much
A new lace wig every few months is costly! Save with over 50% off a Dr. Wiggy's lace wig that lasts for 1 year!! Call 855-DRWIGGY
HEY! We are looking for some 5D MKii Operators w. equipment for the shoot on October 29th in London. Please email
I know so intense! Too much coffee...
I could really use some of your humor right now.
good bro talk with Parker
Just do it! www.workathomegeeks.com then it will get back to me...Thanks!
Some thunderstorms are not out of the question tonight. Hours away, but an impressive severe storm is currently lurching across Central PA.
i messed up.
yea topix not good idea
Hey man if your in midtown you should swing by the #Sportsvite office to say hi to a big fan and an awesome rec sports company
hurry! I need some new Ariana in my ears
Eating jens mixed berry pie...nice
Still n Chicago heading to Portillo's 4 lunch 2 check out Chi-town's famous hot dogs. I heard I will not want another after I eat 1 here.
Getting excited after seeing the first pictures of the #BTWBall. Jealous of those in Korea who saw it first! haha
We're so excited, but sad to say goodbye to u & RT : Can't wait for lunch at with the team!
Dude Blacklisted, wrong side, Rival Mob..regardless super solid lineup. TIHC just has lots of older bands.
girliiee follow my personal account & your soo beautiful & the BESTEST FRIEND EVER!! i love you <333
this is the self-cleaning oven kind, press the button to clean. Had to be done so waited til kids in school.windows open.still
Sipping a Pisco Sour: 3oz pisco, 1.5oz lemon juice, 1 egg white, Tbsp bar syrup, dash of bitters. Shake 45 seconds, dribble bitters on top.
The door to happiness opens outward. From a Little Book of Happiness
Really want some hot chocolate right now
love back at ya!
try the iPad!
Is there a list of descriptors for The Stig?
I think I popped a blood vessel
Why? There is no sun inside!!! What's the point..
you and me both, been neglecting my tanning lately
gotta keep goin to reach the top and be successful
Mm m good ...nothing like a free link to some dirty pictures!!
Next Saturday, May 5 at 1pm veterans are invited to a free benefits fair. Find out more about health, education, housing & other benefits.
Serena may not like tennis, but she is very talented and hate to lose. That has equaled to 13 grand slams.
Happy Veteran's day, we would like to Thank each and every Veteran. There are no words to describe the appreciation for...
RDU to MIA, too hot for May. NYC tonight
And it still stank in here!
Retailers looking to resell MirrorSleeves email us at
- put up a picture and start posting more here.
She might need a lot of lovin' but she don't need you.
i've learned...itll just happen. Even if you think.it can. Just look at Al. Maybe you're next? *giggles*
tweeting like u...whats goin on? u must be comin to la tomorrow
#Pacers but its a 1 pt game...Its coming down to the wire
check your inbox please....
yup - sure sounds like you're ready for some fun.
Sometimes we waste our moments. We don't take the time to say the things that are in our hearts when we have the chance.
why buy Chanel #5 when you can smell natural AND classy ???
I'm lucky I don't have cable, I would get nothing done
Seeing my mom groovin' to Bruno Mars = Somehow adorable.
hey do you guys sell pong beer yet?
Hey good luck tomorrow 55. Bring one home for the family, for real.
Eli put together another elite performance for all his haters.
Earlier today, I interviewed Zach Britton & asked "best MLB hitter" he's faced .... the ANSWER can be found @ WNST.net - in the Audio Vault
Iam now following you, I admire you, follow back please?
RT You can't beat a bit of house music
holy shit follow me
Finally off
Where are you today for lunch?
Busy day but done with our SEP project after many months. Ready to celebrate this weekend!
Winning is about heart to be in the right place. -Lance
This Boston game warms my heart, Rondo has one less assist (14) than the entire Miami Heat combined (15).
majority of America is over weight 40% are obese. It's starting to happen to children too. Diabetes type 2 is becoming epidemic
I took a new pic today...not sure how many of my friends are photographers; I would like to take some new pics now that I am in better shape
Team ran in a 5K today! We had so much fun ! Thanks for a great day and a great cause!
I wish
I #WantAnR8 because my baby #A3 has been in the shop too many times this year. & I am an fanboy to the core...maybe biggest in Boston!
This is my last week of working.. have to leave my good job to move to another state.. mood: sad and happy! good-bye office, hello blogging!
Every nite I walk home I have my eye on Betelgeuse hoping to see the moment of explosion. Ain't the universe exciting?
No parking on the dance floor!
WOW! Looks awesome! I would love to feature you on izzyshare.com and our blog! Let me know if you are interested! :)
go Hurons....er
im always smiling
It's better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you're stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
how was work this weekend? :)
Maybe they reused the Betty Draper fat suit?
coolin' its crazi up n here #teamWHOOP In the Building!
amazon brother
RT : Maybe a powder blue Garvey? << Like it.
Top Kerry Wood memories: sore-armed but dueling in-his-prime Maddux in '98 NLDS, His 4 gutsy starts in 2003 playoffs (Cubs won 3)...
definitely saw you on the marlins cam today!
I'm cheering for you guys! This is a story you'll tell Calvin the rest of your lives. No sleep 'til Denver.
Crystal light makes Appletini, a pomegrante one,also sunrise that is like O J..zero everything!! Try it! You'll love it : )
iWish We Could Go Back When We Just Met. Buhh iCann Only Wish.</3 I'm Done Dealing with your BS. I'm Moving On.
let's not anger the island gods... Related: if one of us wins we should buy an island.
so done with life. why cant i be happy for once!.
Looks like i maybe going to see 1D?
awesome,I'm Erin by the way!I was thinking either point loma or del mar!In terms of date,was thinking nov19 but totally flexible
graduation needs to come faster
BLACK HOLE, BLACK FRIDAY!!! Support small business and shop Midtown. We will have great special ALL day on Friday and FREE gift wrapping!!
At SAA in Chicago! Courtney presents at session 408, Holly presents at session 503-collaboration is our hot topic. Hope to see you!
Probably not related to Robert Zimmerman. 'Bout time for a new song.
How r U bro..how r the gigs goin? RT : tweet tweet bro
I think that I am going to see if I can figure out a final total for the mid-day offering. A Nintendo Wii was a throw-away.
I am eating it with the mac n cheese you wrote about :)
nice! I usually come back every summer but my gma pastes away almost 2 months ago and sure if I'll be back or not.
Biggest difference is that in Las Vegas almost everyone wants you money...
Haha, I was thinking the same thing... do they play with battery packs sewed into the seams to power the LED lights?
that's a solid list. Good luck.
There are some good bars and other stuff in downtown SB. The beach is always nice too
Who else is enjoying this beautiful weather? Bring on the frozen drinks.
RT : Time to get the broom out for the #Cubs sweep! Game starts in 20 minutes, the grill is hot and beer is cold.
what's happening to you <3
So im a cold hearted bitch these days..Can you really fucking blame me? haha
A Rumble Tradition We Demand Back!
Film, film, all week long, pushing record, dusk to dawn. Counting the days till Friday night. That's when all the conditions are right...
Just tried your burrito guy on 17th/Blake. Chicken Mole = Muy delicioso!
Hey all you Seattle golfers: Need to tune up your swing? Book a lesson with Martin & to fix your problems!
'Persistence is vital to sustainability' - Elaine Leibsohn
14-2...that's how you get it done DENVER!! Now keep it goin =) Love me some WITH THE THREE
I feel honored !
good idea:)
Jarrett Jack > Jeremy Lin. Deal with it.
I'll turnip for that one.
I've been roped into animating a nintendo joke, I should be executed.
Yes, the one stop device does make it hard to "weed out" unnecessary functions for a given occasion!
Good call. Story makes no sense.
The #Rays fear As they should...
Any recommendations on where I can get some embroidered or screen printed windbreakers for our valets?
ooh! I won't be today but I will be on Monday...better late than never?
that record is good but I kind of feel like it was frontloaded. The second half feels weaker to me.
I rest my case. Love this pic, you are beautiful, Jess ;) x
yep! Pretty slick so far. Time will tell. :)
Question: Is advertising in the YellowBook advantageous? Thoughts? Got pitched today. or is www.3cpdx.com + google/Y! good enough? =)
But we'll all be reading the book, whereas we won't all be going with you to Disneyland!
This Monsoon like rain is really making me reconsider going to econ
Just found a #20 in my shorts pocket...what a surprise!!
Been forever since I hooped it up!
Happy Thursday, Britz...
SO SHE SHOULD STILL KNOW HES A SMART ASS ANYWAY SHE THINKS SHES GROWN
Again consider the author. If UOPX truly had a legit beef on this why not report transfer out rate to validate?
We will be adding 7 new apartments within the next two weeks to our inventory. Come back and check it out!
Congrats to for being honored with the Citizen Service Award! Best of luck with recording in NYC!
RT : Bloggers @ #g2b12 receiving cookware from ! Post pics! We want to see what u pick out! <-- something PURPLE!
Brilliant! #Facebook Page wishlist: RT Let admins close comment threads
Good morning Pearl, Thank you for the retweet
Happy Birthday to my trusty canine companion Murphy, who has graced us with his presence for a decade!
Just paid $1.50 for a bad movie about a comic book superhero... I love cheap theaters & mindless entertainment!
And so to bed.
nice! wish i woulda seen u at game.
I am jealous lol kidding, I am one of those weirdossssss who hate chocolate ... Enjoy it lol RT
The South Florida Network!
everybody loves you, not just me.
well we will have less income inequality then!
Played softball tonight. My thighs are burning in a bad way.
Cleaning house. Ugh.
Happy Birthday, Franck!!!
I spy in my little eye a bunch of bottles of wine, cold beer and two kinds of Sangria....Happy Hour starts at 5pm goes until 7pm. Salud!
starting to prepare the syllabus for my Culture & Cuisine of Québec course for next fall. We are going to use 's cookbook as a text.
honored to be #4000 :) Looking forward to your tweets.
I think you just did.
Happy Hour from 4:30-7p.m. today! Come celebrate with us!
Thanks for sharing our story on Richard Cohen and Meredith Vieira.
Are you guys going to be at #SXSW?
At the VOICE E-BD Mtg tonite. On the agenda: struggles for more public transit, county funded child care, economic development, and 10-2-10!
ULEC gives a special thanks to for their coat drive donations to us and other organizations in Newark! Turn your dial to Jazz 88.3FM!
good night baby , have a nice dreams
hi! I blend fruits in season right now it's organic blueberries!
Stop hacking into my friend's account!
this is your world. shape it or someone else will.
conspiracy theorists go for takeoff in 3... 2... 1...
I'm a virgin; I always have been.
RT When Hamid Karzai is in exile, will he work for his family's restaurant business here in the US? Those places are tasty
RT : Hopefully you can stay at Arsenal. If not thank you for all the hard work and tenacity you put in for us.
Andy at it again #Tradeup! Lol
you are getting closer. So excited for you keep it up. I think you made a smart pick. Golden ticket to the final is huge. Good luck.
I sent you an email at your aol account . . . check it
wat happen wit drake?
I am reading it now!
today's good news/bad news: Final project due 2 days later than I thought... but tuition is going up next semester.
thanks for the follow! hope you enjoy following me and my artwork!
#thevalueofafollower how are you measuring your
#Clinton #Portis to miss rest of season
That channel is supposed to be MANs version of lifetime channel. It's on the wrong network, unless Extreme Proposal :)
if u want a FREE remix of any of your tracks hit me up i'll send it to you and its yours to use God bless ~
your work is inspiring
So you stop in the middle of Tijuana Flats to take a pic? Haha AND you don't invite me when you go to my fave place? Shame!;)
Nathan just msged me & asked if I knew anyone who had weed ?
#SMWdigitalIQ only confirms the extreme intelligence of
True love always waits
Sexy man gets it in!
Thanks for the FF y'all. Even tho it's sunday lol
so pretty!
should answer that ;)
love your work!
This morning was the 2nd Annual Regional Conference on Family and Domestic Violence since the committee’s inception in 2010.
Saw #Unknown Highly Recommend
Some1 post a snippet from the show last nite... That was funn :]
I feel like I'm the only one who is extremely excited for tomorrow...
If you've never joined us for SN live before, this Sunday (11am ET) would be a great time to try. We'll be joined by two(!) great guests.
Eating the sconset sandwich from and watching Arrested Development :)
not right now....
your mean :/
I've never bullied anyone.
Congrats to Mrs. B. Friedman who won the Trip to Lizensk. A Big Thank You to all. May the <U+05E8><U+05B4><U+05D1><U+05BC><U+05D5><U+05E0><U+05D5> <U+05E9><U+05C1><U+05B6><U+05DC> <U+05E2><U+05D5><U+05DC><U+05B8><U+05DD> bless u with <U+05DE><U+05D6><U+05DC> Amen!
Re-watching the 2012 National Championship game because it's that awesome!
Have a great weekend!!
“I know that you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living. ” -Harvey Milk
Dammit, soccer rained out. Girls are disappointed. As are their coaches.
Markakis gives it to the umpire after being called out on strikes. Ball was low and away. Rare for Markakis to be that vocal for that long
I dont want "ily" , i want "I LOVE YOU !"
you can shop your favorite brands and designers at savings up to 30-70% off! Happy Style Hunting!
not happening.
I think and would be hot too!
My fave. movie Say Anything is on! Lloyd Dobler!
When its looking sunny these niggas rain on you
#Denver why can't you be warm? 45 degrees with rain in May is not appreciated...no beach volleyball tonight
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down....
26 yo Sean Warner indicted for manslaughter, tampering w evidence, misconduct involving controlled substance in 14 yo Jena Dolstad's death
A2 I'm on it personally, thought not using it really. My organization isn't on it yet!
omg girl theyre being so damn erotic tonight
Exactly what the "corrections" should!!! mean in DOC! #reform #rehabilitation not incarceration.
Just listend to Your Somebody I used to know re mix . DOPE !!!
Dang it! Missed the live stream of #8LA. How did I not know about this until after the fact?...
thanks! You are awesome!
hahah. It's cool. <U+270C>
Lmao for me to txt her that like she was my man #icantDEAL !
you okay bby?
Paul Simon - Kodachrome - 06:29 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
oh My.. Ha ha
Awesome news! Congrats to you both!
mission? Getting on the bart and headed that way...
alot of people have been telling me that
What? You haven't been watching Rose By Any Other Name... ??? For shame
#MotleyCrue #MotleyCrueinSinCity begins its month-long residency on Feb 3 at at the
Hunger games is literally the best movie I've ever seen in my life. Better than Harry potter.
on 3rd at crescent heights. Go now! Don't wait. And get a dozen!
“: Something like that. Don't be jelly.” Lol I am though.... ugh
We offer our "Alternative Materials for Countertops" class to all architecture/design firms interested - Boston to Philly. DM for details
Going to see Asking Alexandria and Motionless In White for my birthday.
Next Saturday-- you will! :)
YES ONE DIRECTION OMG
Come stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade as part of Colts Fan Appreciation day at Circle Centre Mall.
Great to hear! RT : Best compliment from the superintendent of CCSD, If I could have 10 of u in 1 of my schools I'm in.
You're a Christian right? Your tweets make me wonder. We are all God's children. Punish them to the full extent, but no torture
I actually find it hysterical that the O's fan dove on to home plate. That's much better the zig zagging across the field
Pieces of Mental Gum 2 Chew On...: Is Change Good?
Follow Me Please!? 35
Gay! RT : Would all u guys stop talking about jason days wife please. We don't even know her personality!! U guys disgust me
Blogging is relaxing.
VLJ's Family Motions Clinic will be on Monday at 10am!
Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol (2011): Actually got me to pray to Christ... for it to end. Big Momma's House 2 had more pathos. 1.73:5
I just read the play "Search and Destroy", by Howard Korder... He's a producer/writer on "Boardwalk Empire. I really enjoyed it.
thanks daddy. I love you.
and yet youre still tweetn me, so somethings drawing u in lol
good you?
Use your passion to bring joy to others!
damn girl where you been, how you doing? :(
I was enchanted to meet you <U+2665>
honestly I'm so happy you discovered fox and the hound at my house c,:
Hell yeah, man. We can bring them to you anytime this week. How many do you need?
Thanks! You have a lot to live up to :)
Shout out to the girls who look good with no makeup on :) # lookin-good-girls
Manning is a #bronco!!! Aw YEAH!
you are hilarious! Makes me glad I check my twitter.
I got two in a one month period recently!!! You weren't on Kelly Ave, were you? That's the one that got me twice!
Don't forget to watch our favorite political strategist Donna Brazile Sunday new episode@ TheGoodwife_CBS!
I have no energy for foolishness...
Why not 40 years from now?
To Frank, the mob destroyed his chances of domesticity, but really his rules and morals are what destroy it.
As always, thanks for the mention!
Stop by the PORTLAND MARATHON BOOTH at the Expos at the Big Sur & Eugene Marathons & get $10 off a Marathon registration (good April 27-30).
Good game tonight
I thought I was already following you, until I just looked (when I saw a retweet). I'm not very smart.
I will in a month when I turn 17 :D
“: What a bunch of corporate crap. The Sat show was the best music on ROC radio...”
ohh i no ill will bitch the shit out of them lol trust me i am in that mood sorry switched twitters!
ME THEREZ NO NEW ME MAYNE IM STILL THE SAME OL D-BOY BUSSIN HELL-OV-EM YAH KNOW
Pretty little liar <U+2665>
leave me out of it. Y'all the ones that tagged me. I mind my own biz.
U-Md. Symphony Orchestra gets out of its chairs, giving music a visual life
Excuse my Charisma
Williamson suggests private financial papers as one avenue for future research into the origin of the First World War.
Just got word that NuMe codes should all be activated. Thanks for all of your patience!
watching my cat flip out because of the bass in my room! Lmao
Is excited for #Glee tonight and to see the best guest star to date !!!
: " can't be the worst, there is no comic sans involved." Not the worst EVER, the worst I will ever agree with.
Baron Davis might be outta there...
“: Is that a step up or a step down from pirate wench?” Sideways ;)
So many booc niggas done messd up the underground rap shit to where its hard to get people to listen now # smh
All i know is im On my
My bro waiting to play #diablo3 RT if u hate the maintenance on the server
Wow. Impressive car.
We thought you were gonna be mad. Lol.
OH EM GEE I ALMOST FORGOT TO SAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO I KNOW I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON
Party with us today for our 1st Anniversary! Everyone gets free cake!
HAVE A HOPPY EASTER EVERYONE!
If question one wins, maybe the excise duty should just be hiked on alcohol to make up gap.
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak. And she can't let go.
alright alright!
Im tired so goodnight twitter :) <3 ~*S&T*~
Just got Naturally Speaking 10. like it so far
sitting next to and she smells
lets go clubbing
Let's go #Patriots... #SB46 is our time boys
-Your Amazing;<3
Hmm what to watch :P
Would love to hang out with you again! Are you going to the annual conference in November?
hey how are you
Remarkable astrological alignment happening now, called by experts "The Finger of God". Let's just hope it's the right finger, LOL.
Sacramento Valley Heat- www.sacvalleyheat.com
that would start in the fall.
because even though you don't realize it so many people would be devastated if you were gone.
Nice! I brought the bass, too. Just let me know when you're up for it. I'll be here through Sunday.
If only everybody lived where I live; then we could have football-related gatherings involving beer and carbs! And nomenclature!
Thanks for having us!
KG. Hoop and harm. First C's hoop in over 5 minutes.
"use wisely your power of choice".
Rt ": Happy Birthday wish you many more .....love you....." thank u luv!
Just got off da phone with Redman.. Big tingz on the horizon!
Final rounds of match play on today. And Daytona. Sounds good !!
My advice to Warren Buffett, #YOLO, dude. You're a billionaire... get creative.
my favorite song by vampire weekend is giving up the gun yep
if u read all your tweets then maybe the next time I look at my mentions ill see "Kendall Schmidt followed you" (;
It bothers me when my mom has conversations with her cat -___-
I was almost in a 3some tonight. Almost being the keyword.
I had to lose my hair or I will never see my friends or girldfriend anymore.... put it that way<\3
No NHL 12??...Step your GAME up,bro..lol..
Unacceptable Behaviors: making or using derogatory comments, epithets, slurs and jokes
It's funny how everyone has their own best/worst Malick film; for me, TREE is by far his worst. Kitsch, indeed.
Today was a constant battle. everyone Should know that Lies hurt, but Lies tears us apart and loses trust... J.K.J + C.B.N = <3 ..Always&4Ev
a lady gotta eat (though seriously I blame Jay-Z)
he wasn't tripped. he's just a dumbass that shot without a puck.
Thousands of bees swarming outside my office window. Yikes, they're an inch thick on my block wall. I feel like I'm in a Hitchcock movie!
Been working for six months now - CRAZY. Looking forward to see what's in store for the next six.
What one are you watching that makes you say that?
Can I have your picture, So Santa Claus knows exactly what to give me on this CHRISTMAS.
The most telling indication of my advanced age? How much I look forward to eating the exact same breakfast every day.
Had a great time leading worship at rock springs church! The highschoolers are awesome!
Good night JBenk (:
yeah I never found the 1st two to be all that dope but I guess they made money so eh.
Instead of single as a marital status it should say "independently owned and operated."
#LiesBeforeSex No, i never had sex with your brother
mom just asked where the bag of pita chips were
Taking my kids to a Cody Simpson concert tomorrow night. Do I get "Dad of the Decade" points for that?
I agree with Hippocrates - our FOOD SHOULD be our medicine -- however, our FOOD itself is often times SICK....and we eat too much sick food.
Off to Florida to see my mom!!! :)
Ranch sunflower seeds >
yeah, she likes you better than she likes me.
One more day till the miss red and black pageant. this is a show you do not want to miss. hurry up and get your tickets! they going fast
it would be really fun!
Playin black ops and my 10 year old daughter snipes me out! I taught her to well!
Bike rides to the farmers market! must get shorts. Stat!
great job on Rome
I need a new #lense any ideas.
He did SF just as he was falling asleep! Dad snoring now, kid still kicking.
"cause' honestly you turned out to be the,best thing I ever had,sucks to be you right now."
Second best Google tool available, right behind Scholar RT Wow. How Google Translate works flpbd.it/4DKA
Thanks and and Your Welcome
Bring your boys to the Cooperstown Classic this July!
HAHA funny joke..not happening
omg, take me with u! haha. <U+2665>
stoked to be apart of the family weve been promoting and bought some stuff last night!
that's real life, how messed up is that? plus my sports bra was grey..not something to be excited about
thank the lord for another hot day lol sty kool n hydrated!!! whts there todo this weekend
#confidentstatements Stevie Wonder is the greatest musician to ever live
#NP Radio-Inactive
#wtf to do
I definitely think not!
Amen! 3 Big Time guards that can all make high level plays with the ball in their hands!
What, no Milwaukee? ;)
Thanks for the RT!
Taking my final furlough day ... Sweet/sad. I couldn't decide if I wanted hot or iced coffee this morning so I got one of each -- decadence
can assure its our features editor ;)
I'm sorry. Don't mean to hate on DD. Finals week has got me stressed to the max. Turning me into a crabby baby.
Usher texting during ! #not cool
Make a wish, affirm a desire, feel your dreams come true tonight,eclipse, solstice, star shower, enjoy the power
luv u brother rip
It's amazing the things you can do with duct tape
S/O SHE DO COOL DESIGNS & S**T WHEN SHE S/O!!!
Looking forward to #INTERSECTIONSDC in the coming weeks!
You would think after a lifetime of drinking I would know to open them over the sink
PLEASE tell me this Adam Yauch MCA news is not true. PLEASE.
Sleeping over tongith...somehow...;D
I'm totally feeling collaborative up in here.
well It's not the "group" it used to be
Who am i? Mother fucker who are you? Don't be asking questions you should know the answer to.
haha :D have you met the boyz yet?
I kind of wish Teixeira wasn't up in this spot.
We are looking into the problem and will get back to you ASAP when it is fixed. Thank you for reaching out to us.
SHOUT OUT TO YOU JENNIFER AND MANY BLESSINGS
RT : RT : CLUB VINYL TOMORROW FOR ARIES BDAY WEEKEND!! DONT MISS OUT!!
Lazy Sunday with my amazing husband. #Heaven!
Sounds great. Congrats to the #ubuffalo #ubhonors students!
Wow there is so much great music coming out of Brazil. I'm loving it!
What albums/music have you had on repeat lately? Need to update. Thanks!
Federal buildings have DHS screeners, but they wouldn't have TSA unless they were on wheels.
Thanks buddy! Have you played? With how many devices? (Board gets longer/game dynamic changes with more devices.)
Why are so many people from Baltimore rooting for a DC team? Seriously we hate DC #baltimore #caps please!
Hey people! Meet in rm702 for a social hosted by IWW. 10-midnight Drinks provided!
Cpt. America is the only Marvel flick I haven't seen. Am I missing anything?
I don't always like writing, but I miss it terribly when I can't.
mann the same thing.lol. My body lhh.!
Isnt this a waste of time? RT : Don't tell faculty about trials unless you can... afford the product
RT : My eyeholes hurt, too. My nose is itchy.
My students rock!!!!
Fireworks in the daytime? Really White Sox?
“: You can't overdose on music.”
Thanks you!
Happy Born day!, be safe!
Okay, not worth it.
Great job on O'Reilly Factor!
end of semester eye twitch
No matter how good your idea is, something is happening that will make your idea slightly out-of-date
Love and peace to you and your family
And those calling it bullying don't understand the culture (especially w/ D9 and HBCU bands).
Jethro's Waldo Black Blue Flake and Blue Tip is Hot on Kissimmee Chain
agreed. Angels and Tigers have very unbalanced lineups. Albert not cashing in right now. I like Texas though.
Yes come on #Avs!!!
The biggest accomplishments in life are the simplest ones.
A good day to you, too!
Thanks, sugar!
E! doing a better job of shutting up! :-)
Good morning all â™¥
good seeing you man.
Flex schedule at hospitals- great!
hi doll. always in my heart, often on my mind...now, i'd live to lay eyes on you. be well!
sure, where and when
playing some swinging jazz Off The Grid-Civic Center-thanks
Looks like this convo is ova.
I'm taking an awesome workshop on thursday that teaches how to do lith printing. I'm super excited.
Get your dade in here.
yes, they do. they grow so fast!
- why the rage? #ShermanOaks, man - all is good!
YOUR STUPID!!
Y would a female say she looking for a good man, when she sleep with every man that looks her way.
You should read the They gave me free tickets to Dave Matthews Band just for reading. Pretty sweet!
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind. Be proud.
You got your first RT from me...
Awesome! Just wanted to wish you 'Good Luck!'.
(Inspired by my own struggle to come up with a comic bio for my self I'm now tweeting comic bios about some of ABQ's best) - Sarah M.
Carpet Connection signed on as a Local Supporting Sponsor for the 2010 Walk to Empower. Welcome!
#3-Adrian Peterson-RB-Minnesota Vikings
BlackBox and Big Medium tonight, Yay!
What is your resolution for tomorrow?
If your feet smell worse than your shoes... Just cut 'em off.
make some noise if you're at the game!
Rajon rondo aka the triple double machine
I miss you too(; lmao
confirmed Accessibility Camp DC will be October 9, 2010 at MLK Library & please save date. More information to come. #a11y #508 via
Great! Glad to get the holidays over and done. They were great but exhausting!
I want takis now.
While watching Wisconson play last night. I started to think slowing up the game in basketball. Is as affective as the offensive in Denver.
is finishing up their new Facebook Fan Gate. Stay tuned for the final reveal!!!
awesome thanks :)
I hope that you had a wonderful weekend as well Cecily. Thank you for the follow!
and the dog spend over 10% of the film by themselves, carrying on with their journey.
It's really uncomfortable for me to watch people kissing in old movies because they just didn't know how to do it or something.
shout out to
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Gripit Dental Floss and most oral care products.
don't say that! It's fine
Yeah a little too cute. : )
Saw a commercial for #MobWives...dam Big Ang is a big dude!! What a guy!
As if that would that matter! RT If I ever have to go on liquid diet I wonder if my insurance would pay for me to be breastfed
Clearly :) RT : #smcsea "the five a's is the cousin of the p's
I moved one client to our servers from #godaddy just two months ago, & they THEN became angry over how #slow their pages were.
thanks Kiddo ;-)
I remember my first beer...
totally lost, I retired from this social stuff :)
well, it is the first year.... And we all know the final days are the biggest push ;)
So dear I love him, that with him all deaths I could endure, without him live no life.
Givenchy dropping bombs lately
moms being a bitch, wont let me watch #CastleAlways cuz apparantly her pnoy dramas r more important!!! F U!!
possibly. It's usually a pain to drive in but it's just annoying today.
Will I get to see ya tomorrow night?? It's been forever!
It's almost friday....should we do a FREE TICKET FRIDAY contest? What do you think?
You raise good points. I did a spot check & all major museum apps I know were hits. Know a better list or query?
Just saw that you're blogger of the month (I've been out of the office). Congrats! I really loved reading your post! :)
Wow, the line is super long at 23rd and 5th!
While earning your daily bread, be sure you share a slice with those less fortunate.
awesome I'm in Ridley Township. I work at my corp job during the day. I can do a weekday evening shoot in my home studio
Idea for conf this year? RT : Wishing #mw2012 had twitter handles for presenters listed in the program...
can't lie. i love sleep.
#FF for a good time,for a great brew n some killer food: place is heating up!
yeah they're kinda doing...okay here :) & I like their stuff
Cheese burgers for the fire crew.
We can provide high quality relabeling for all Men's Kids & Women's apparel at a low price
Chemical brothers' first draft ": Cock blockin' beats!"
Presence. Acting. Dancing. Singing. Focus your efforts in that order.
Mike Breen : "Arenas is out of control". I call that Gilbert being Gilbert.
Too sweet. I needed that.
#Romney: I see an America where poverty is defeated by opportunity, not a government check.
Yes. Go! RT : Srsly what is the protocol when someone you don't even like to follow gets arrested for dumb stuff? Do yo
this foggy weather is making it a little difficult to be upbeat today - but my free raspberry latte is helping! ;)
bummer .. was looking forward to hearing Ben Fry
CRACK MUFFINS.
how old are you? :)
what happened to unthink
It's about that time to start whooping ass!!!
I look like a pretty convincing ricky gervais in this black vneck right now.
I like 's pedicure.
at least its a short ride away. You're from Detroit right?
Many Blessings On This Easter Day! Thank you for your many blessings & for allowing me to have just enough!
Everything is possible in 2012
Elie Wiesel continues to write about his life. He has written two memoirs since "Night." His first memoir, “All Rivers Run to the Sea,” ..
Thanks for coming on the tour today! It was nice to meet you.
my 11:11 wish is to meet you and have a conversation. and a follow back would be nice too(: <3 4
I hope u aren't talking about Stack Jack lol. He wanted to go to Zona but didn't have the grades
Totally was slow on the iPhone tweeter app update. It's awesome.
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 21
Netflix asks: "How often do you watch Wilderness-survival Movies like Bambi?" Never? Sometimes? Often?
Abraham Lincoln~ I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come.
Maybe I wil see you there. I will be the only female with my shirt still on. ;-)
Please email us at
never Atlanta. Been to la the past 2 years to visit tho.
what party? And it depends on when I have work on Sunday. I start training tomorrow since the season starts tomorrow.
` Peter remind me of a female family member of mines lmao
Thx! and great festival
It's "WORTH"watching. I smell shades&bbq's in the one word alone! Yes, I agree, WORTH watching! Weather excitement!
For those of you not watching, great game between two of the NHL's premier teams tonight. Playoff matchup? Go #Bruins!!
U hoes share clothes. TF! Get real
The laws revolving around illegal entry or overstaying are found in Section 1325 in Title 8 of the United States Code.
Your so lucky. I wanted to keep the app and continue getting calls until I got one from Super Junior.
": was reading The Wind Through the Keyhole. " awesome! What is it about?
thought that said losing my pants
Great #NFLdraft #sportsbiz coverage and definite
won't be happy MT : ...for all intensive purposes....
So many characters entering/exiting scene I'm working on that I'm drawing on my dance roots and choreographing them!
me and one chance is a match made in heaven those my boys im down tell me wat i gotta do
GOOD stuff is happening. Hopefully we can announce it soon!
after that skep show, i will gladly stay single forever..... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
What time is Cody on Punk'd on Thursday?
Who is not following me and i am following him or her will be ignored soon so please follow if you are not following ....:(
No one here is bashing Bo for anything other than his decisions tonight. And the Elite Eight should not be a destination.
#mascmplx day two has begun! Registration tables are open all day for latecomers.
I need to get away for awhile. Oklahoma? <3 I'll probably just leave everything and everyone here. and forget the world.
Heard about dc arts community, on NPR - very cool. If you're a dc area artist, check it out!
Defense gave the ball back to T Bow <TOP OF THE LINE>
If only you'd let me.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3
I agree! I'm so bored KBS definitely kept it going better!
9.25am Workout completed, showered and dressed and ready to take on the day!!!
Hell hath no fury....Cole Whitt is in trouble.
About to start an epic day of Mass Effect 3. Reckon I'll get somewhere near the end tonight.
Multiple choice tests designed in 1914 to deal with influx of immigrant population and shortage of teachers precipitated by WWI . . .
Merry Christmas Eve <3
that makes my heart happy.
Thank you and for the #TT shout out! Back at ya!! Have a super Tuesday!
serious bummer!
ill add u from my seclnd profile. my main is full up
retweet to be in our next shout out video? :) we'll post it!
Also I signed my first autographs. Lol what?
that shit is weak, jealousy is a useless emotion my man!
don't you mean skinny fat ass?
Almost forgot Shaw is back in the lineup..
To remove dust from the eye - pull the eye down over the nose.
New Johnny Rockette stuff is sounding INSANE
#MarryTheNight Made me want to be as famous as
Obama is thinking - I might not need that superPAC after all.
Did you tweet about show? I don't see it. What's the best way for me to know about your shows?
tried to find a Cougar Town gif of everyone falling asleep @ this education, but I couldn't. Pretend I did, & it was hilarious
Last minute mother's day ideas
He did much more of a disservice to the kid than to Maria I think
Look at mee
Way to work Bynum.
Maybe i jumped the gun with doechebag comment RT : Len Bias died on my 14th Bday. We can only imagine.
sorry ms jackson
I'm slacken on my twitter posts.
When the world sayz No, Remember God has the power 2 say Yes
Im mad my head is on banger and i got a lot of hw
I hate this summer. I work so much I started calling my boss my boyfriend.
your so lucky that aka touched ur boob !! Aahh how did it feel ???
MT I stand by until the end. Im not gonna let bias media and unreliable polls sway me from supporting him.
This is why we vote every day in Site Shelter Challenge! Vote New Mexico Dogs Deserve Better every day!...
Hanging out with
TONIGHT! SETTING SUN - a New Works playreading - 8PM - Stella Adler Studios - Free!
They're not even in Finder, there isn't even a recovery file? How is this possible?
yes i did! I never got a reply back.
how much knowledge is too much knowledge to act? thinking through what a "one-stop" really needs to include AND exclude.
Tell him to find me. I'm the only one with a notebook :)
where at?
I know, I feel the same way! I've been watching non-stop, and CNN did an unbelievable job! Very cool!
Come on city get tevez on he's a beast
can justin bieber find me ,somebody to love
Haha three! And Aunt Jane is here & she says hello :)
I am SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU HERE! Though confused. was taken??
The court drama song from Zanzibar I is nearly complete. ;)
“: "It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men."- Frederick Douglass” SO true! Good challenge.
Hmm. If I'm going to get this book proposed today, I better get with it, huh?
gasol and bynum play like they did today and its a wrap for
There are tons of economic factors harming NASCAR at the moment, but this writer's (+ my mom's) arguments were...skewed. And flawed
what a bummer, mid quilting have to stop to clean & oil hook, king tut thread makes more lint than i remember...but I love me my Bernina!
Okay so when I'm typing certain names in no popping up
"A is for rebel." -- who knows
r u sure? I know somethings bothering u or u wouldn't have tweeted that
Hey Foodies you might b interested in awards announcements!
lol love this photo.
"all ducks, all day"
Thats because Bill Clinton said Boehner was "scared" to compromise a few days ago.
Just saw a picture of myself from this past week and I look so sad! Wonder if it's because I'm so pale?
When a guy is your boyfriend, bestfriend and soulmate.
Just keep playin' man! We all believe in you, believe in your squad! Bout to show IU fans what's really up...
Bobby Fresh Flag Ship Store opens March 1st 2010 at 425 S. Mill Ave . Instore exclusives , colabs and much more .Be there. PLEASE RETWEET!
And congrats! Did you beat it 100% though?
“: just watched the SNL skit...I'm not surprised. Jesus said it would go down like this” dude seriously?
Anything like Cisco StadiumVision coming to CF?
we know you smoke HOE .
Morning peeps headed to work
No, or not as sad as when I--raised on musicals--made the inverse mistake back in 7th grade when these things mattered. :)
wats uuupp i dnt talk to u in the longest time
The Masters in on at Monk's
girl how many times u seen Friday??? Lmao
Happy Monday! What is the #1 thing on your "to do" list today?
Sometimes we have to stop loving someone not because that person doesn't love us. But because we know that they'd be happier if we let go.
Charoulette is so nasty
Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved.s
I love . That is all <3
Dead wrong. Lol RT : While I bite this juicy ole Hamburger RT : It's healthy week tho...*bites celery stick*
I truly enjoy watching David Robertson pitch. Real fans will be patient. Bandwagon fans are already aruging for Cashman to make a trade
are u ever gonna follow me back?
Lol conversations not directed at exactly one person but they know it's meant for them. It's the only way I don't yell.
i solemly swear that i am up to no good
it will be...tonight is the first night :)
Gonee TO BED :)
the sad part is YOU think its cool, but it makes you look less than what I know you are..you need a change in surroundings.
I highly recommend it, it will make you feel VERY fancy. It's all orangey and cinnamony and so sophisticated! :)
I DARE U...DOUBLE DARE YOU 2 make 10 PEOPLE LAUGH TODAY, or TONIGHT :-)))))
Looking forward to a prosperous 2012!
Is it me or are 50% of the people in #Ohio sick or suffering from allergies right now?
I GET TO SEE YOUR FACE TOMORROW! <3
ur welcome baby. I love you too!
About as articulate as the Republican Party platform, way to go Jermaine...
If you could see through the eyes of god the you would see a world filled with goodness
its like I wish I was shes the coolest thing ever ... I dream about being her bahahahaha "hacked"
Can't tell you how much $$ we just spent at Men today...but we should def hit VIP now..worth it!! My man is LOOKIN GOOD!
All of our seniors look so good today!!!
Hey birders: rufous-capped finch in Eastern US with pronounced red rump? Not purple or house, I think. ?Cassin’s? In tree at Eastgate
Biking would strengthen them without causing more damage. Water work out too!
Thank you for the update from the story on Wednesday!
Great day of editing guitars and working at the Minneapolis Media Institute. Finished editing video work for a client. More fun stuff ahead.
The Tonga Kid
I'm pretty sure you should go to Paris. As MDR says, there is no good time, you just have to go and let everyone deal with it.
thank you sweetie :)
Love the Short film winners!
I dropped my iPhone3 yesterday. Was hoping to make it to the iPhone5, don't know what I'm going to do now.
And ofcourse featured Stage Performances!!
good luck. let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
missed u this week
Back in #Nashville from a great 4 day tour, time to kick back and watch my kick some butt!
yea thats how it always end up.. Smh
Does social networking reduce the need for interacting with each other face to face?
All of the above RT: dtf, nudes or gtfo
click my follow button please! haha
I sound like an old Atari when I speak and a couple of old styles I sound like a pong game. Lol
haha- I'm sorry. Truthfully, do not be... there are ups and downs of everyone's life :)
if I see one more commercial featuring middle aged folks jamming out in a garage, I may have to get the old band back together.
Custom Posters On Sale All Weekend long! at MusicalStop.com The home for Independent Artists Across North America.
Happy Krampus Day! Love the video. :D
~haha I could hear the madea voice
the avengers was good...
Tuesday might work. Greg? I am off on Thursday. Or we are here til 430-5 most nights...
Bro, really, really? -__-
On this day in 1895, José Marti attempted to invade Cuba from Florida. The U.S. seized the three boats.
New lesson: If a friend texts you something sweet.. Ask him if that was actually meant for his gf before responding. Ouch!
yay! Thx! Hope my abbreviations made sense! How old before starting? He's 4 mos 1 wk now
Wow, just saw post from someone who said they were voter 500 at poll in Fitchburg this morning at 9:30. That's kind of insane.
stop finding excuses and start finding a way.
thanks for the recommendation !
I love pizza, but we don't have it too often since to do it 'right' isn't exactly healthy. :-P
So, when someone is a slob we call them a pig. That's pretty mean, I wonder how pigs would feel if they found this out. O.o
Learn to earn www.ebookviralincome.com
you don't like.
Happy birthday to !! Have a fantastic day!
if you live your dreams you'll never have to wake up
Stood in line behind an old asian man at Restaurant Depot - he was buying a 50lb bag of "99% pure" MSG.
logged onto Facebook and this annoying chick send me a rhyme via the messages shit... FOH
Eating cereal
That's why I went to the pics of the figure girls to try to find out if there's a T walk & how they do their mandatories
Have a criminal or civil legal issue? Looking for affordable legal representation? Call us today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
Does Paula Deen have the beaties
Symphony Ball is just 2 days away. If you are attending, get ready for an "Epic" evening with the OC.
RT Gary Johnson ends his bid for libertarian party nomination, endorses Ron Paul (via ) it's a Hoax!!
Just figured out I have a board mtg on June 5 :-(. Good luck!
Tom Joyner, why do you have punk ass NENE on your morning show? She is wack!!
your super talented!!!!<3
Do you. What will settle everything is of one of these ppl were to hit someone that actually hits back...beat down and scene
Thanks much!
To ze editing cave!
Thanks! And sorry for being such a humbug! The snowflakes are pretty but just kept distracting me. Happy holidays!
I rather be faded than be on anything else..stayyymeelloowww & green :}
Ghezz, good for my friend, she's going to Miami. LOL
thanx sexy lady
what time??
I could use a glass of Voulet.
Who dancing me all night <U+2755><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
wats gudd where u at? Call me
The Grizzilies up by 3 with 3 min left... rudy gay clutch
Bro i dont care how pretty her eyes are or how curly & long her hair is, nigga her forearms are thick as fuck & she got a 5'o clock shadow
#IUBB needs big win tonight, plenty of rebounds and second chance points!
don't. Not worth it.
Ryan will talk to you about the plan for 88.9. I think it is going to be sweet. Can't wait!!
housemade hot dogs, pale ale bacon brats, elk strip loin and beef tongue pastrami sandwich on the menu tonight.
What are you guys talking about?
Ugly Sweater Party tonight @ 9pm! Big Prizes, Live Dj, free food at Midnight!
get on here you hoe! xD
just remember that "there's a great, big beautiful tomorrow shining at the end of everyday!"
you need a delivery?
Apparently I had a long complicated dream last night involving Lots of food and shopping but was not to be found.
hearing your new songs through the walls. They sound fucking rad
S/O to for his game winner tonight!
oh it was super warm today here too!
salty im not gone be able to get them other 12's that come out this weekend -_-
Interested in #internationaldevelopment? is helping to alleviate #poverty #hunger and #illiteracy in
Princeline PCLN setting up for big pullback after earnings nxt wk. PCLN now has a staggering market cap of $22 billion. Valuation concerns..
The moment you realize that everything is temporary you'll start to enjoy things to the fullest.
OMG when did you get on Huff Po? Congratulations! :D
#quotentquotables "i'm bringing bacon brownies in my purse."
#Egypt actor Fouad Khalil passes away at the age of 72 after a long career in film and television.
yep gymnast are always hot at the top of their sport I was a gymnast for 25 years
Hella blazed right now, to the point of losing my TV remote. Can't find that shit anywhere. Getting up is hard when your lazy. HAHA WHATITIS
Lol dissed some niggas this week. Oh well! Who's next? You are no friend of mine
Ever wanted to ask tough questions on Israel's relationship with the US? Come to ROUTES and talk to AIPAC staffer Jonathan Kessler
electability is taking the GOP nomination. A couple months ago that man was Herman Cain. We all know he wasn't all that electable
lol no just me & her time. I just ate a concha :p
Wow! U really selling burial reefs out the side of ur house. o_0
Its something about him that is stopping me... or it could just be me ?
Come have Lunch and watch the #Packers get their 11th straight win #ThanksgivingDay at !!!
Hi Ellen - how goes your Wednesday evening?
keeping you in my prayers!
nothing better than tapas at Ondos before the Gypsy Kings @ red rocks.
Clearly NBA officiating has not gotten any better since the lockout
Yes and now. Depends on how its limited. RT : materialist turn forecloses other things.
Opening day! Go Brewers!
- Will punishment for performance incentive pools apply to offense? Or are we just trying to outlaw contact?
One of our clients has a sunglass coming out in collab with a hip hop artist. Can you DM me an email so I can send u info when...
come on! Pigs in a blanket AND a pizza? We have a winner
I'm still looking for a job,
I´ve been working hard so long but it seems like it´s not enough!
I'm thirsty. Are you thirsty?
USHER CLIMAX IS DA PERFECT SONG
": Kobe vs Durant" Action Figure got that good good!
What am I going to do now
Why is it called after dark when it really after light
I'm BACK! Jacobs on Sports with me, Bruce Jacobs returns Monday at 1pm on The Fan AM 1060- Our number 602-260-1060 - you'll need it!
first catalyst. Been awesome except for strangers kissing at pre show this morning on stage. #CAT11 wwdplatt say?
All of a fucking sudden ravers wanna be hitting up Rock The Bells this year... Gtfo
Salon Tip: Got specials? Communicate with all your customers about your specials on a regular basis.
Happy Birthday ! your a man now haha it seems like it was just yesterday when I saw you on YouTube proud of you! :)
Just finished my capoeira training session... Amazing stuff
I saw it, I thought it was creepy
skeet skeet skeet , water gun , oh my god becky look at her butt , tunechi! --weezy . <3
And for my main course... Fettuccine w smoked salmon in a red pepper cream sauce. Carbo loading for hockey.
i have a fat ass scar. I DONT CARE IF PPL CANT SEE IT. I CAN FEEL IT.
Going crazy this morning
My favorite part of the night is watching how hammered these college kids are as we load out lol
#imissyouwhen I realize I'm still in memphis.
idk i kinda like how my stuffy nose and scratchy throat are making me sound when i sing
Beautiful day today.
is that key lime pie?
Federal Protective Security Cars All Downtown! #crazy NATO
Enjoyed the video game exhibit and learned all about the FBI art crime team today at /
Just created a filter to autodelete someone's messages to a listserv I read. Trying to determine if I feel guilty...
I LOVE YOU (Biles)
Nothing is more disheartening blemish, as the consciousness that he guessed, and that he had already heard about laughter.
Good luck!!!
: | I WANT TO BE HER. Oh my gosh, coolest old lady I have ever seen!! when she hits the spoons on her hip.. sassy!
Talking to Eric about marketing
WE have much to accomplish together! I am blessed by you! Love you!
Have you bragged about yourself lately? You are your #1 Cheerleader so Bragg on!! I wana hear what you think of yourself!
I actually do give a fuck, that's the sad part....
She 12 W/ A TAT, There's A Problem..
RT : The good news for #DaleJr fans, finished 2nd. Bad news? Of all the guys to win...
's movie reviews!!! I love it.
good just finishing up a last assignment
Last game of the regular season going on RIGHT NOW! LET'S GO #BULLS!
Just launched www.facemeike.com... check out. BTW IKE... thanks for collaborating with the B.A.Y.N Design Group
I really need to get off my butt and get a foam cutter at Hobby Lobby.
I need to stop drinking at this point....gotta b up at 6
hi google.
Pay day tomorrow, thank ya Jesus.
i work like 18 hours this weekend!
Just left physical therapy :)
Tempranillo - most famous of Spain's native grapes, is a vibrant, varietal that offers spicy, red fruit aromas and flavors
Congrats to #Wystone's World Teas for being named #1 on top 10
Im going to see FFDP tonite & I don't know how to feel about it. At least Hatebreed will keep me in the pit
now 2 of my friends have 1D tickets. OMG I NEED THEM SO BAD IM CRYING
The Midlothian Lighthouse music & arts festival was great today. Beautiful day, good music and cool art work.
what in god's name makes taxes negative in the first place?
I will! And thanks! I like #BunnyMichael myself
We do have shows on Saturdays from time to time. Should have some coming up. We'll keep you posted!
#sd37learn Social media matters. Connections matter! #youmatter Tweet from Evansville, Indiana USA
Slept an INCREDIBLE amount today. Must have needed it after all that traveling. But oh SO worth it!
haha you're too cute<3
i just gave away the last few Oreo cookies . Damn , i'm to nice man .
who is horror?
Please help me out and go on to my site and buy some stuff everything is cheap if u like this status everything is 50% off !
when i get my period i just feel like a flubby monster.
I know >:l
I can't take it it makes me feel too dirty lol
I hope you enjoy the Premier League highlights in the show today. What a wild finish to the season.
Rose has 9 pts with a bum ankle, this game is over already...
Been listening to the single over and over. They ain't ready.
aw nan I miss you too! You can be included in coming out wif us :)
Happy Mentor Recognition Day to the awesomest (I think that's a word) mentors around! Subway and a kickball game, sounds like a party!
Livin' Young, Wild and Free
Thanks pandora, I forgot about
Reach for the stars. They are within reach at a full moon.
Don't mistake those with a pretty smile for someone with a beautiful heart.
#icantevenlie I so got in to #jerseyshore I love Pauly d but Mike is is a hating biotch
Random question of the day: if Memphis high could tour with anyone in the world, who would you want it to be?
Just got outta work and boy are my buttcheeks tired lol
Thanks so much for the retweet! The power of prayer is amazing! God Bless!
The popular Chicago newspaper "The Chicago Tribune" reports that in late 2012 WWE wants to make a documentary about D Pahnke
Anyone else freaking over revealing that there is a secret scene being filmed today for #NCIS finale? Just me,? Ok, then.
just finished an 8 page paper in 2 hours
Happy Friday COLORADO! The Cinco De Mayo Celebration will be held this weekend @ Civic Center. Have fun!
How fun -- thank you for telling me!
My spring break doent start till sunday... Tests the monday after spring break are the worst punishment for having fun on break...
fakeness so ineffective
Maybe someone could fact-check Barnes' misinformation?
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
"we got all the stuff to mess all of you up"
Free Idea Friday: 3rd Party download services to connect to Google Drive or similar cloud service to store books, music, video, etc.
I'm gonna have to take your card! RT just the sight of black eyed peas makes me want to puke in my mouth a little
figured as much as there are some affects on it, but I'm not a historian so I didnt want to make a false statement. Thanks tho!
is it rude to bring glitter to a bar? what if the bar is in the castro?
Thank's! We will plan on posting it tomorrow on the "Helpful Information" page of our site.
now come on Will, you didn't want to see Ray and Ed retire?
Was it ever?! Fan-TASTIC.
Love this south park #Mormons?
Basically her dad admitted that he had ZERO remorse because the lives he took had NO VALUE to him.
Alchemist or bust
shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy yay!!!!
PLZ ! Follow Back ! Like I Do !
Staying home! Lol the life of a momma remember! Lol!
hey asshole...pack an orange shirt and ur turf shoes...and other soccer related items...just in case...
IT'S SO CUTE OMG HIS FACE I QUIT
RT no better way to start my Sunday than a prickly pear margarita and Dos Caminos Rancheros! Thanks guys!!
Biggest challenge of 's job at #Facebook? Managing a creative team that is so passionate about personal projects!
nope, you're beautiful.
I'm not 'mad' bro, you're just annoying. There's a big difference.
Thanks dude! Huge # of hits today!
Watching The Biggest Loser with Viggle Tue | 8PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
my man, how's it been in Cali?
so are you on peoplestring yet??? get paid for what you do online already! www.sendittomeokay.com
my son appreciates you sending his football card back...but he kinda wishes you would have signed it.
Love is a strong word
they have 2 open spots
make sure u look for the girl with the green shirt on 106 princeton!!
Love doesn<U+0092>t need reason. It speaks from the irrational wisdom of the heart.
Complaining about your situation won't make it better. The question is, what are you going to do to change it?
That experience DID help me get a much better handle on Twittering, my RT !
I have to miss a TED talk by Antonio Damasio because I'm doing an experiment for the Brain and Creativity Institute
you bet! Let me know if you have any ?s!
thanks for organizing and hosting all of us!! :D now the long countdown to the fall begins... :(
Teh wife may be bringing home a #Prius shortly!
YOU ROCK! Best social media presentation this team has ever seen!! Great takeaways...and great insight!!
Happy Saturday! Stop in and give Katie and Dierdre high fives and chocolate! Eh? Ehhhh? Okay, well at least have a good weekend! <3
I'm very well besides my father fighting Cancer. How was your day & could I ask for a follow?
Kool Aid & Instrumentals
happy mothers day to all the pretty mommas out there! :)
RT : Certainty can be a cruel master over minds. Thought for the day
Smedley of : Between 2003 &2006, the combined costs of health inequalities & premature death were $1.24 trillion."
Farmers are tough! Most made it. Had my WG & quiche yum! Long shopping list Steady flow of people.
": My girlfriend is so beautiful!" Ill kill her, you're mines. You just don't know it yet. :) She must be real lucky.
11 days till I meet my Jersey Boys "mom" !
Brides Turning To Pinterest Say They Don&#39;t Need Wedding Planners
Aww, thanks! We'll see! ;-D
lol. Damn ! I thought you was closer .
They say I'm a cool guy but sometimes it get's to cold.
thanks! Sent a reply
cool. Go Salt Lake Valpak!!!
Didn't even notice that...
Wow! And a new logo too. I like the photo on the main page where Paul Edwards looks like a deity.
RT : happy birthday to my beautiful cousin, !
"Like Friday Night Footy in my hoodie I can high dive."
G-night sweet dreams.
Oh hello whiskey, I've missed you
It's amazing how seeing or remembering one thing can change your entire mood. Great.
Happy anniversary mom and dad!! #loveyou!!
Hungarian Sausage today! Highly reccomended. Double Chocolate Cherry Almond Brownies
Thank you!
Perspective is everything. I am a force seeking a goal. Anyone in my way will be taken down.
yep, i know about that deal. i also know that Twitter spammers are fucking assholes? did YOU know that?
I Diden't Know You And Leo Howard Where Friends Cool
Deuteronomy 10:18 "He defends the cause of the fatherless..."
in theory, sure, but I think you'd have to go to the high-end route to ensure no additives or impurities.
Listening to my raps again... thinking back to home fresh i was, to how dedicated i became.
what time r u at the woods?
I believe in miracles
omg. It was over 90 today. My car said it was 100 at 5pm.
It's all about mind setting. Indulge when having to think about these words "How much can I save this month! Wow"
Heading to Thomas Duncan opening tonight then LACMA tomorrow & LA Art Fair (contemporary fair in SM) Sunday for Warhol discussion.
Commitment is a pleasure when you find someone that's worth it.
I also wish I was in SD for the "Technologies of Migrant Memory and Movement" #csa12 panel. Curtis Marez presenting "Farm Worker Futurism"
happens to the best of us brother.
Debugging Wordpress issues seems to be right in my level of programming experience. I actually enjoy it (weird?)
Come join Jezebel Press and other awesome zinesters at the Zine Symposium @ PSU this weekend!
THIS YEAR IS IT BAYBEEEE
Tomorrow is the last day to drop off a non-perishable food item here at Southridge Apartments! The Food Bank appreciates anything you give.
Hehehe. It sounded gross before I started making it, but ChaCha told me to use oats since I didn't have bread crumbs!
Thanks for following us! It's about time :)
haha I missed this but happy #beachthursday ;) Man. #TTOT - we were never more productive.
best movie line "gonna need an endless supply of Xena tapes and Hot Pockets"!
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Talking bad about the other parent to the children will usually backfire in court ... and in life.
Pills don't mix well with drunken love..
is eating my fat pussy as I tweet..... he is good doe #shocking lol
New details on mysterious #Plantation parking lot shooting. Find out why police call the case "very sketchy." See you at 6am
Awesome...this sucks. Never goong out with Kelly again
band camp is tiring
You've been on forever.
Mr. Weed: Peter, your fired! Peter: Aw! Damn it... for how long?
Ballroom dancing at the Elks - Wareham Week
Off to the dentist! :D <3
How small is your waist contest...send pics to enter ladies hour glass contest:-) G
Happy Friday!
and... She wanted to be our PRESIDENT. She isn't serving a second term.
You might argue how *necessary* it is, but, unlike turning off a Kindle in airplane mode, it isn't *meaningless.*
much appreciated follow..
"Boeing Boeing" performs tonight for Arts for the Summit. Ticket sales will be donated to support the arts in Summit County, CO
Out eating
If does not win a championship will he still be considered one of the best players to ever step foot on the court?
that nigga went in
I take it you had Brady on your fantasy team...
Wonderful venison dinner at the Tornado Room tonight. Why isn't venison more common at restaurants?
Wow I have never heard my brother say thank you too me(:
“: I followed u can u return the fav” #nowfollowing srry it took so long
You're welcome. Have a great week!
Damn. I was a Jr fan back in my So-Cal days. He was way too young to go.
aye man nice track
Havent heard it yet,bro
Hello painting season!
Ohh daang, well lemme go get me some popcorn, animal crackers, and gatorade cuz im up.. wassup with all these confessions tho
Paid my respects. All my loves goes out to the family
Someone text me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
there nothing?:0
How was your day everything going pretty good at work
Headed out to help Butler County We Are Ohio campaign with phone calls today. NO on Issue 2!!
we're gonna have a great handshake. Just you wait.
wait! What's going on? I'm sure that "im in" for whatever it is...Haha what is it?
Get ready for an insanity tomorrow night!
HAPPY 23rd BIRTHDAY TO MR. BREEZY<3
anytime, it's a pretty good track, right?
'He never, ever, not once gave me the indication that he was bigget than any story ... he saw himself as a simple person.'
A co-worker asked me if turkey burgers are beef. I quietly got up from my desk and excused myself
hii Eva, thanks babe..hope you find me interesting.....bye = ] x
There is no achievement without goals.
The king of curls there is no higher! " happy birthday !!! "
I can't believe what's about to come out of my mouth.
your welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
WE LIKE THEM GIRLS (dir. by ForrestFire101)
u not all the way right it might mean suck his jumbo D
Missing him bad!!!!
GAH! So sad. RIP Joe Simon.
dropped off suitcase, was in my place for 3 minutes, heading to bar now. Go #Caps!
It is time for the Holiday Weekend! Do you dress up your pet for Halloween?
Hello Friday! #FF Hope you have a GREAT Friday!
Hope everyone had a good holiday :)
He's hearing a case (this week or maybe next?) with regards to the NFL bounty stuff. I'd say he's keeping busy.
swim fast today, avon boys! you guys had an amazing prelims, so finish even stronger! go get 'em!
Saw a story on yahoo this morning that read "Grizzly bear charges shocked tourists". My reaction was to laugh. Is this okay?
Thank God for mundane course evaluations! Got to turn in my paper with everyone else! Phew...
how very pinteresting!
If the more complex use case is mobile -- as it could well be -- then it makes to start with that use case.
lol what u up too
Sat in my apartment while the brilliant took pictures for next year's brochure. I think it's cool you know that.
last night was mad real
ehh, that one was ok. I liked the other song better tho
“: Bo RT Looks like Browns miss out on Minnifield. Going to Washington.” That sucks!!
Beatle site's tweets getting a little too granular... RT The first sessions for Ringo's Old Wave LP began on this day in 1982.
I would have raged... not gonna lie.
Competition tomorrow, municipal auditorium, 1:00 ! Lets get it girls !
Double xp goes on until tomorrow.
the hatred has always been very intense.
Ok agents. Here's the game. Unscramble spy words to get the password to #CovertTU! First word: EGNTA
4 exquisite courses,2 glasses wine, port, champagne, DJ all night long, at exclusive NYE's bash -$100 person for FB -Twiter friends TODAY
#FollowFriday rocks. PS Can you follow me?
still not out over here, strangely enough.
Good morning kids! Hows everyone doing? good. me too.
We have a new sister in Jesus today.
Thanks for the shout out...
Happy Easter!!!!!
sad I couldn't make it ):
Brown spots on the wall by whoflung pu
cannot wait to see the finished product! what a fantastic concept.
Any hot / cool events this weekend? pet friendly ones are welcomed!
Back from Tampa. Had such a great learning experience.
oh I will!
People who are out of my league: everyone.
You're welcome! And you're even awesomer!
I have officially joined the iPhone club. Goodbye, Android. I hardly knew ye.
- heads up... just tweeted about the ITO event. please RT!
what a stud! Im proud of you lol we run against y'all 1 more time
thank you! this is great news!
Work with your coach on ways 2 network with recruiters&coaches. Always keep your #beRecruited page up 2 date & your grades up!
your site! We have a lot in common. Where do you live and do you do consultations?
Consumer protection for all not just the few .. Now what's wrong with that picture ?? Obama did the right thing
Getin head while the engine running
ohh thank you!(': you just seriously made my day(:
Thanks, we will!
it's all happening RT Cloverfield has arrived. Facebook apps and Radian6 are down.
look at my Miss West Virginia, looks like your having a blast! Miss you gf
You are welcome sweetheart! keep them coming.
RIM&#39;s Secret Weapon for Reviving BlackBerry: HTML5
#FF All of our actors. They have a lot more to talk about besides UnLEASHED!
#blackfriday anybody get some cool stuff??
Why are you not reading Dragonstorm instead? How do I get it into your hands?
Anyone know if the make Fine China Sporks?
my calculus teacher is such a douche that it makes me laugh
Small Bump is such an emotional song.
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other. They might take detours in life, but they’re never lost.
Good morning world.
just be careful wearing an away teams jersey in Atlanta. You should catch a game in Boston if you can.
really ... no followback? damn
Thanks for the follow! I wish I could have made it out last night for the music.
Stuck on the bus in the Lincoln Tunnel
OpenStack: Moving From Inflection Point to Business as Usual
lovin that y'all on the twitter.
if you adidas god two stripes
are you available today ?
I'm not too happy right now! Times like this make me thankful that I'm not a mother just yet.
Looking for someone who wouldn't mind trashing their prom dress. Email me
just finished the magicians. found quentin VERY hard to like (and never got there), but the book was entertaining. thx!
he thought I was a virgin.. me of all people
#OkUPrettyBut how big it is?
that make up pallet must have been so expensive..
so, you've had your cat since you were, what, 5?
going to miss channis so freaking much.i think i'll be staying after school until the end of the year just to be with her before it's over.
Watching Larry clarks kids makes me feel pervy.
i heard vinny likes asian gurl aw how cute!!!!!!! :p
for me you'll always be 18, and beautiful, and dancing away with my heart <3
Good for you, Brian!
yes of course :)
Yes we are, Joanne! Bring on the Tweets!
Thanks Kyle! Working on any fun design projects today?
Still Julie... You know how difficult it is for you to hop off twitter (:
*hugs* its ok, one will fall from the clouds soon
You bet Malt. You didn't know? You and Joel just didn't feel it when you visited...
aw shit you opened a whole new can of worms... yea keep it up u gone be tweeting all night lol
Say she worth a couple grand. . .
No way “: Wanna see something amazing?? We will give you 23 straight minutes of news w/o commercials. Fox 25 News at 9.”
Crazy Friday night on
3 weeks bo!
My bags got searched by TSA. They finally caught the liquids I didn't put in a bag. LOL first time in 18 months! Boarding now!
If Gewnyth calls her website "Goop" then we really don't want to know what she calls that thing being draped around her shoulders.
WELL WHAT THE HELL AM I LUNCH MEAT...GEESHHHH SMH
DVR alert: two great basketball pieces tonight. '91/'92 Duke Basketball on TruTV and Magic Johnson's 'the announcement' on ESPN.
hey you should follow !
we are ??? I thought we had one more day ?
haha, no, I didn't. But at least I know what it is!!
turing Don Black, and the Band of Bohemians Tony Castillo, keyboard Mark Kiser, drums In Orlando Florida
sure! transporting stuff back and forth all the time write Pick up in shop in the comment field on order, no ship will be charged
coming on the heels of a meeting between nat geo and reps of SHA, Aia, and saa, so may be positive. But yes, tread lightly
So we get breakdancing hot dogs, people dressed like spam, a marching band leading us out of the newsroom to the parking deck...
I have to work until five..
What videos are you guys watching? We like to stay up to date what is happening out there so share one!
Just announced our next hometown show on 11/18 in Murfreesboro, TN ! Who might be playing this show with us? Mystery......
Thanks for the
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 64
i purchased the hosting today for scanmanapp.com -- stay tuned! =]
Drinking Marstons Pedigree bitter in California. Eh it dont get better than this (said in Yorkshire accent)
#SupportStartUps in Las Vegas!!!
ustel'n n the name of music!Throw me a share! www.reverbnation.com/rufar0 thankz :) lets Blues out
Yep,"rest" sounds like a good idea. This loss took much out of me & one can escape via work for only so long. Thanks 4 asking
Where does one go to eat a wonderful meal in Nashville? Oh I know let's check this Spoon app I have! Lol I miss NYC :(
If a nigga know how 2 eat and sex you so amazing.. #marryhisass lmaooo. Shyt hard 2 find
that sucks, instead of flying I bet you'd rather be fishing
I had the same reaction when I saw him at Runyon.
writing is boooorinng. You know what isn't boring? Gambling at the new casino in town! Drinking beer!
A side effect of calling out a conservative is complete strangers taking it as an invitation to proselytize conservatism to me.
I was kidding boy don't kill yourself Haha jkay (:
Thanks Fox, for reminding me what I am watching on the upper right on my screen
Love your Twitter profile pic!
Is Chadma's resignation anything we need to worry about as far as major violations by the department?
I have long suspected that the only solution to OS inconsistency was complete and total militarization...
holy pumpkin face i just got stung by a bee!!
Stop it. Erin and I stood in the kitchen tonight and cried over it. Don't get me to crying again. The years are FLYING. Ouch.
Brandon shush. That's the secret of great men. Perhaps I should clarify...
thanks for the RT, tom! looking forward to your presentation(s)
Ok so I have two more days this week, five next, four after that, and then three, a half day, and an hour.
Very true.
TWO MINUTES
Thanks for the mention! Buy Now or Wait?
If I volunteer at a hospital, I don't just start CPR on people - I follow rules for non-staff. Should gov't be different?
Or maybe this is how Crystal keeps an eye on things...
The same thing happens to me!
Smith vs Quick is going to be an even better goalie matchup!
Have a great weekend!
I can't with the Soulja Boy hooks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Oooos prolly should know correct spelling of my new car Cruze not Cruise :)
Thanks for the #FF. Mutual admiration. I know you are deeply committed to the success of your clients.
#Macbook plugged in but not charging. Switched power sources, restarted, updated software. Power cord <6 mos old. Any ideas?
What are the benefits of the dry oats?
What's your favorite place in Carmel/Fishers to take a class/learn something new? Let me know for a NORTH magazine story.
Have the participants at #CICDH read "Debates in the Digital Humanities" by Matthew K. Gold? I am currently powering through it!
I wish you went to Bethany :-/
session TNT Technology and TEAM #mtnata12 I always learn something new from "the girls"
Love that joined us for our PPS lobby meeting this afternoon. Great thoughts!
come to the #TacoBell location I tweeted. But I already ran out :(
Just me & you
there are serious players, too much brain power for me..I just play and meet, building network and learning
oh MY!
I'd love to "Like" your business FB pages - message me directly with the address and I'll add you. It's all about the connections! - Jess
how about you give us (twitter) the first and last 140 characters?
Rio Salado College is another of the fine community colleges in Maricopa County
Ah it was a set up!
Richard Marcinko makes Chuck Norris look like Pippy Longstocking
seriously. Those guys have mad skill and a screw loose.
I love my bed very much..down!
WE JUST LOVES US SOME WHOOPI I watch the View because of Whoopi! Thanks for being yourself!
After telling my out of town friends it was going to be "muggy" in LA, I had to reassure them they weren't going to be held at gunpoint.
T-18 days until 24!!! #MAY19THPLENTYSPARADISE S/O to we up bro!
Tonight10-mid as part of membership drive I'll join themighty & The Big Broadcast show featuring jazz&pop from the 20s&30s
Wow. Keep doing whatever you are doing.
Before you spend a lot of money on your SEM project, ensure that your website has the proper search engine optimization.
tweeting to ? So many past worlds colliding.
RT Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. ~ Rumi #quote #Happiness via
Going to test #csslint today. I started with #boilerplate. Let's see how messy I've made it since then.
lets get trippy mane
Celebrating my baby girl's birthday today.. She's 3!!! <3
Kinda loving this site... Perfect for parents, business owners, anyone really... W.goalforit.com
"If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you". (John 15:18)
Can't believe we had some snow fall already on Thursday!
Sweet! There's now a "Citation Manager" option under the "Send To" menu in Pubmed!
lunch looked terrific! He may have a future as a street vendor. :)
sounds like an awesome way to spend a long weekend :)
I should be sleeping lol
How was last night?
(sigh) one of these days that's gonna be me working those cameras :)
Looking forward to the #Agames RAF members, do you have you spot yet? Golf, Dart, Bocce,
If you think I wouldn't shoot a man dead for a chance to ref the puppy bowl, you've probably never spoken to me.
Indeed, thanks! Wrapping up already!
ah ok that's good. Basketball, Andy Griffith, good food, flight, etc
Beautiful day ... Here's to the joy and beauty that abound
Women's rights - to speak more than a man, a man the duty - to do more than a woman
Children of #Haiti was filmed from 2006-2010. The film follows the boys over the course of the 4-5 years.
Thanks!! I am soo excited for you to see them on your birthday!!! It will be awesome!!
okay..I will...but send the account again here...
They must bring in extra homeless along with extra hookers for sxsw.
Yes, I think Tx had to send that heat somewhere. Thank goodness for the 80 degree weather.
He's just being goofy 'cause he's already making French toast tomorrow - Alton Brown style, with custard! :-)
yeah i know what you mean, Id be asking like am I suppose to feel like this? And yeah, same response lol, so youre ok :)
lol on my phone all I saw was squares but on my text message it came over as all ?? Marks hm
Ra on sundays >
If he can get to 340 we might have something.... RT: Chris Carter intrigued me today. *Very* raw, but the potential is there
you better shape up cos I need a man, and my heart is set on you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Shout out Keep going if you wanna be a DJ Put your dreams and goals to work!!
only 18 more days till we are in the same building as .... i dont think i can contain myself much longer! Xx
Yes!!!!!(: so click my follow botton(:
ohh lol so facebook is kinda boring too. i agree that twitter is much better. hbuu
Hahaha! Not true! Just a failure to communicate!!
RT : When your barber asks you half way through, "How does it look?", I guess you don't have any option other than saying, "Good!"
I'll be there -- looking forward to it!!
We've hired a public address announcer who lived in a cave. The perfect Orioles fan. Congratulations, - or whatever your name is.
I've been Words with Friendsed out for about a year or so now. Let me know when you get to that point, too.
m…if only the world had a social network for lesson planning…
I just sat on my balls and it hurt less than that #RedSox game. At least they won.
Recommend Rockography located in the village. Serves up sinful comfort food. Perfect spot 4 a “Cocktailing Brunch”. www.rockographycafe.com
Also, possible new show title: "The Transsexual Gaze" Or trans, or transgender - still thinking about it...
No, Find my iPhone is the only thing I was paying for
Welcome back students to the start of winter quarter!
Great news! We're almost done with the website upgrades. Also, member "Mlie-Redfield" turns 21 years old today! Happy birthday! <U+30C4>
#thingswecanallagreeon Dreading getting out of bed on a cold winter morning
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH . 1 Page Themes Page T
2 more accounting classes left!!
I got nothin. what about you? RT : has anybody ever been named onion?
your tweets are always so clever and I'm jealous.
Prettying ourselves up for tonight!! Can't wait!
yall some big ass kids
NAILED IT tonight at w/ us!!!
I randomly feel super lonely:/ I need a boyfriend, like seriously.
In the MF zone!
ABQ restos you won't find in L.A.: Mary & Tito's, Coyote Diner, Santiago's at base of tram, Perea's on Central
& Saturday that's why I said for u to come over sunday
Wow. I guess the day before a tournament is suppose to start is a good time to tell every1 its cancelled.
You know you are a #phd student when you mistakenly type "non-participant interviews" (instead of observations) and laugh at yourself
Some people come in ur life as blessings, and others come in ur life as lessons. As hard as it can be, I'm thankful 4 them all.
how long is the show running?
Wow Isiash Thomas got the " We decided to go in another direction from FIU" by the way isn't that a junior college?
Special K?!
no way!! That's awesome! I love her!
Cirqa is currently looking for experienced Android/iOS/web developers to work at our NYC location. If anyone is interested please message us
RT : If u really want something u got to work hard for it
If you have any questions for our panel of investors, Facebook(Facebook.com/thinkbigbaltimore) us or tweet us
... Says everyone who has never been to
I cannot believe Steve Jobs is dead.
Why the smiley face? ^-^
Thanks for following! Great blog too by the way.
I met her on Monday. So exciting!
Just finished Project Runway and couldn't be happier with the result.
Great idea! Please share how it gies!
I'm probably off too. No plans as of yet.
favorite performance so far?!!! :) I (Aria) think Keith. So does Grant....;)
Nate! Hi, I left for a year post graduation, got married. my wife goes to school here in HI. How are you these days?
Show us his douche-face. I must know the Great King Douche's smarmy visage.
I'm off 2 the park 2 draw! So loving days off!!
Derrick Rose for MVP
I case everyone hasn't seen our amazin signs and sign holders...we are back in the warehouse on lauretta until we move into our store again
We are always looking for a spanish speaking attorney for our Mesa office...
roger Gracie is p4p the best
I have all my board members for my nonprofit including my accountant. I just need an attorney. you game? scale it nationwide
Thats how my tiels are! If they cant see me its an issue! Ive been looking for a breeder or rescue here in MO but cant find 1.
Live Soccer this weekend, starting FRI at Noon with FRANCE vs. USA. on SAT at 9am enjoy ENGLAND vs. SPAIN!
I love ! It has done so many wonderful things for my life and I'm proud to be an !
I've heard of a five dollar milkshake, but a $3.50 orange juice!?
chained 2 sagging jeans I hope
And with that, I bid you good night all. Sleep well, dream big and may your dreams be filled with Maple trees! NITE!!
I hope that was a good WHOA & not a bad WHOA Lol!
Finally home
What's up? Have you checked out www.jaewanrocks.com?
Bet your bat-ridden belfries. Just got my Ultimate Edition.
thanks so much! :) hopefully you snagged the free download of it!
well you definitely got my attention using twitter! lol I will see you both and my phone IS charged lol
where you been hiding ?
It's raining in cincy but never under the union terminal dome! Go 2 Center!
I'd give him the photo I made of soldier field painted green and gold. Congrats on MVP
Making final preparations for heading out to the Big Apple in the morning... Do they still call it that?
Studying in the library for the first time! 3 Midterms tomorrow & I have to concentrate
Thanks for the follow!
hansberry and I were thinking about going out after he works
There's a link on that blog to the Twitter chat room -- you can see the interaction on it but tweets will go live on your profile.
Gentleman's Tip No. 954: If your girlfriend is vegetarian, respect it. If she isn't, make her bacon.
I find myself not caring about things I used to
Hello Monday. I'm wearing my awesome pants. Bring it on!
Jim > John that is all I am saying! Guy wants winners...
oh hey REMEMBER ME FROM THE TOUR IN NARNIA. good time with my friend the flying plattitpud<3
Hearing stories like that is what makes this worth it. Let us know what we can do better!
Tried moving your bug zapper over there around dusk?
When I type in any Apple product name in my iPhone, it auto capitalizes. Facebook, too. But not google. Hm.
happy early birthday to you too!!! And yea we should haha! So is yours the 21st then??
tonight is gonna be a good night :)
No idea it was your Birthday! Happy Birthday!
Finish this phrase by replying to this status. "A world without poverty..."
How is that a record when the #Kony video gets a million hits every hour
Minds are like parachutes — they only function when open. — Sir James Dewar
Enjoying my breakfast
Thank You Dirk..that was beautiful!!
Outstanding. We should meet for lunch someday in the next couple of weeks.
soon to be seen at #NFLDraft..."Coach Lombardi" selecting the Packers fifth...or sixth round pick...more good karma for
c'mon by. Well save you a patio seat!
Why is being fit so much more expensive than being obese...I swear it gets more expensive to buy healthy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have a really good one. Your an amazing mom. Love you Pattie (:
That sneeze almost blew my lil mustache off.
merlinda's genes are in all of us. and in you.
Days like today, I wish I had a backpack instead of my huge purse
want to come see Pelleas at AVA with me tonight?
Overwhelmed & lonely doesn't even start to cover how the world seems tonight!
The "Heat" fans from Boston crew got chased up off twitter like the Radamans did Omar Epps and them....
We might not make it tonight afterall. Have to get this Pacers shirt printed!
Where is Santa clause?
New slogan for the GOP: "If you can't beat 'em, Santorum."
YOU RULE THE CHEESE WORLD.
New Data from Sortable Shows Canon Winning Consumer Camera War
Yes! Where do I check it out?
That sounds awesome! Thank you!!!
Excluding Dan Donegan who is your favorite guitarist all time?
there is far to go now. let's not waste a minute more of our lives.
Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : To each is own, I just prefer my man to have the body of a MAN and not an 8 year old boy.
I was going to go to bed...been a long day...and then I flipped on HBO to see Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. Won't be going to bed now...
Doesn't surprise me. RT Kenzo, the rapper credited with inspiring the John Wall dance, was shot and killed in Louisville
You wanted to, you didn't... Get over it.
Facebook just gets creepier and creepier.
Not sure why he went Choate in that spot but he hasn't been using Choate as your typical LOOGY this season in general.
nope , just trifflin, she actually go state from state n fucks any n everyone that got mula lol
In case you didn't know, these tweets are provided by so you can follow me if you want to find out more about my exciting life.
PLEASE NOTICE ME IM YOUR BOSTON COVERGIRL ! I LOVE YOUU <333
"Unconscious influences are pervasive in our lives." -David Eagleman
I'm so tired it sucks
Registration for EMT today! I'm a bit excited :3 Youngin' is movin' up in da world (;
RT : After aggravating his hip injury last night Kendrick Perkins did not practice with Thunder today #Coachgivinghim2weeksoff lol
Drama! Drama! Drama! That's all you cause!!
Have a rockin day !
what a game!!
"#Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of #magic. Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it."
Man I swear I heard of someone firing a thru a cell phone over long distance. Anyone heard that?
thx ma!!! We see you out there!! Merci!
wow what an amazing event!
Yes! Mets win.
I just spent 30min "drawing" a cock out of emoticons for twitter, & now I'm told only iPhones can see it. What a waste of my life.
hahaha I'd rather be with you meeting Matt smith lol #imgonnamarryhim <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Happy Mother's Day to all of you fabulous ladies! Enjoy your day!!
Happy Cinco de Mayo! <3 U!
is there really that much of a difference running 4.28 or 4.48? not a scout or anything but it doesn't seem much difference.
City Garden Montessori charter school leader supporting HB 1228 telling the story of her great small neighborhood school.
Just got out of a 4.5 hour master class with Hal Robinson at NWU. AMAZING!
Please welcome Oakland Raiders Head Coach Hue Coach to the A&A Celeb Advisory Board!
Is there a muscle in your body you can consciously relax right now?
So is gardening & criticizing Obama RT Please read that RT about Rush Limbaugh's program. Boycotting is considered terrorism
I had 2 pieces in your honor
OMG..so much drama for the 1st tribal council!!
Spending the night at the hospital.. guud they have MTV here so I can still support my ! 1 hour and 57 minutes left!
RT : better safe than sorry.Good call Capt! heard 30-40 mph winds up your way. (TY John, def better safe than sorry!)
We made rice krispies treats last night and now they are breakfast. #kiddolovinit. Need to save room for brunch.
Is it bad to use tanning lotions on tattoos??
RT : Happy Momma's Day urrrrrrbody!
RT : Make your mouth a means of grace today. Ephesians 4:29
LOve it!!! Nigella who?
Yup. Such is life.
Life isn't weird: it's just the people in it.
hahaha! Yeah, guess so! :)
Feed Me=Great Dubsteppin'
our record is a 46" northern on fly at Pym Island camp in north Ontario. Yeeha!
ha yeah I kinda know who you talkin bout
i hate when people dont practice before they try and record
love your attitude! no doubt, you'll go far!
I can't set the action on my jazz bass very low; I try but it is more stable w/ medium action. Playability is good though.
Ugh tired! Coffee is not helping me right now grrrr!
do I win for craziest travel story? ;-)
If u want 2 get an additional 20% off on clothes & shoes that r already marked down from its original price than City Gear is where it's at!
I'm in love with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> follow back please
Phineas and Pherb i dont know where you live but your summer has been over two years
But I can't help it that I'm just a fool. Always having my heart set on you.
mornin girl ;) whazzup with you today? xo
Havent really ate all day, but now im fuckin hungry! -.-
so, back to a GSM carrier, I take it?
#FF for a delightful conversation about #social #media strategies
Are you at the studios today? Haven't seen you in months!!
listening to bullshit talk from guy selling his screenplay to some girl @ la dolce vita
You're quite welcome brother!
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day.Thornton Wilder
hey love lol :)
Thanks for taking care of my babies. :) Send a pic when you can. I miss them!
very happy you got to do #StyleTipoftheDay. My personal favorite is the blazer jeremiad (See what I did there?)
ew stop embarssing yourself talking to ugly people, it somehow comes back and makes me look bad
"Sexy" = I want you. "Pretty" = I like you. "Beautiful" = I love you.
I think my friend is boy crazy. She just plays innocent on me
Hey you are all so sleepy today -- Packer Hangover? Wishin' you were at #LeLeLeLambeau?
I feel a bit foolish to have only just now realized this.
Click "Like" if you need some Island Frydays today!
i seriously hate waiting for people.
At Peets Coffee pondering why Expresso machines and leaf blowers are so damn noisy. Steve Jobs got the importance of quiet computer fans.
RT I'm glad Obama bailed out GM, so GM can spend advertising dollars supporting right wing radio's constant attacks on Obama.
Hi Khalid, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Watching the opening day with my best friend !
Goodnight Fisher Building. Looking strong.
You sound great Amy. Their is something about your voice. Keep up the great work!!!
I don't doubt my baby is callin somebody else baby.
you're inviting a lawsuit upon yourself with that last hashtag
The weather today and Saturday will be perfect. Come to the Home Show at the Santa Ana Star Center Sat 10-5, Pella booth 316. call 362-0529
Agee & you are welcome!
My dad is such a dumbfuck.
Dude my meeting started 10 minutes ago gtfo please
Hahaha it's what this casting director told us today at school. :P
watchin #ndamukongsuh get pushed around by the SanFran offensive line reminded me of the 1st fight I lost as a kid. there was no 2nd time!
So glad to see all you are doing. How is the book reading? I made some grammar changes and am updating it
I just realized my last tweet was my 10,000 tweet! Oh yeah! Where's my medal ?
My mentions get no love .... "/
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did'nt have deuces breezy
Yup! They're from Houston TX, so the Dec. 31st concert should be good since it's their hometown.
Um Hannah Mahoney has NEVER said shes dating Zach...NEVER.in fact, she denies it, his fans r the ones they saying r...NOT HER
it would be my pleasure
thank you. :) tell Ming I said hello.
Damn fine day for the All God's Creatures World Premiere at the Hoboken Int'l Film Festival.
“Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.”
WHAT ABOUT ME???? Losers....except mom lol
Monday May 9th-Free Regular Soft Drink with any $8 minimum purchase! Deal is for Twitter fans so show your server you follow us!
Caught my attention here in Portland, Oregon! Can't wait to catch "7" in Dayton, OH when I visit on May 4th!
"No one can hide where I cannot see him," says the Lord. "I fill all the heaven and earth," says the Lord. -Jeremiah 23:24
lookie looooookie. I have your screw drivah! Ill trade u... for a scoop of peanut butter.
Wasps really shouldn't fly in and out of my back door like this. It's not good for my blood pressure. Nor my eardrums. Nor my neighbor's.
We desperately want you to rock out to, & gossip about us. PLEASE! Bring it Mamas!!!!!
In a class right now the requires me to be on Facebook and Twitter while the professor talks.... is this school?
#bruins game 2 tonight.. Got to have this one
Happy one year to my fav couple and two favorite people and <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Interesting. What makes you say that? Maybe, cuz they can fill in missed args in bad, but good oral args bring up new points?
But of course! RT : Thanks for the RT
he's just so sweet like everything he says u wanna believe but can't idk?!?(:
I bet Cymarron's 1971 hit "Rings" is nowhere to be found on LeBron's iPod
Reading my tweets from last night. Sorry I'm not sorry
These "little" jobs will get me through school #SAE and then the sacrifices I'm making now will pay off^^ Have fun today!
follow my partner in crime? #XFACTOR2013BABY. <3
oh, well taks is super easy!!
The only things left in Memorial Coliseum media room is oddly a few sets of Cardinals' game notes for the Final Four game vs.
#aintnothingsexyabout a woman that cant walk in high heels and them shits be leaning to the side
thanks, and haha
If you haven't tried our new Thursday lunch special you're missing out. Pork Carnitas tacos for 10.95!
No problem.c; oh, and I heard your band, you're pretty good, message me?(:
You should all come to Vegas with me.
then hold a listening party under the 10th street bridge in South Side via bon fire. DO IT NOW!!!
hi cutie!:)
I had the honor to meet this legend & his charisma & class will always remain w me. RIP #DickClark "Music is the soundtrack of your life"
I vote for reading & writing every week. But I think the other voters are predominantly science and math
I really hope my daughter gets accepted to her private school of choice (nightingale)
#ThingsWhitePeopleInvented Mayonnaise, Starbucks, and being a hipster. If you're a black hipster... You're a disappointment.
I understand how amazing Chipotle is, but an hour and a half wait????? at lunch?? What!!!!
that would have been none other than Mr.
Please follow me !!
At the oncologist to find out result of my MRI from last week
Nothing says love like poaching lobsters with your never-to-be-fiance.
it's ok ur not the only one lol
What a find Greg Stiemsma was, great defensive big man
Aarrrrrgh! I hate the playoffs!
it is a Moscow Mule.
Can't imagine that happening; but "they" don't share their secrets w/me.
Thanks for protecting our country & fighting for our freedom! Our military roks!
- lol ok. If you made it as an OMG Girl and died ur hair. What color would you pick.? I would pick Red.
Its the best feeling when u can't sleep at night cuz ur thinking of that 1 special person<3
Rose Bowl it may be / A glorious New Year Day / Still NOT IN HAIKU!!!!!
thanks for the tweet. On the way home with 5 Guys, ice and OxyCodone - great lunch combo. :)
Side note: thanks for reminding me to deal with this jury duty summons.
follow my dad he is a great dad. Love you dad
It says you don't know the cost of nickel and lithiun mining!
I thght I graduate 2 years ago???
Donut for dessert. Life is good.
#socialismineightwords less of everything for everybody, excepting violent crime.
is there something I should know?
i know but who? and i'll album might come out at the end of this year or the begining of next year
We can't. We have rehearsal. (:
Dreams do come true.
At this rate, #Lancs might be batting before tea.
#stc12 Oh, I see what you mean. Under the event itself they have listed as the only speaker. Oh well. :-(
Wise people know the facts and make decisions accordingly!
Hmm, shouldn't have joked about that 2000th followee. Was unaware until this moment that Twitter has installed a 2K cap on unpopular folk.
That makes no sense...sorry you aren't having the best day :-/ Thinking of you.
did you know i love you ? <3
Rough game tonight. Maybe soccer's not my game. Need a new sport.
prolly mostly the younger ones...which would be really fucked if you take a second to visualize that
There's #snow up in them there hills! PLZ RT if ur ready for an early snow season!
I am here office to meet Biz but door code is giving busy signal can you help?
New York. Not Nee -_- hate my phone.
2011.10.01 #postseason Ian is dealing / Miller Park crowd goes crazy / for Rickie Weeks' walk
Fote: The past tense of foot. -- "The amputee felt a phantom itch in his fote."
Jon Kay Concert: My life in Songs and Stories Tues, Nov. 8, 7pm Brown County Library (Nashville, IN) I will present a rare public...
The beauty of noise-canceling headphones and the absence of your voice
I love being home on a Thursday morning! Because that's when the Oberweis delivery man drops off our fresh milk and eggs!!!!!
thank you.!:)
Thanks, and likewise! I had a great time meeting all of you.
Will we see you tonight? Yiyun Li in conversation with Achy Obejas at the Harold Washington Library, 6pm.
Thrun: If we can reach everyone in the world with free high quality classes, we can change the world. #HigherEd via
online defensive driving=boring as fuck.
Podcast I didn't know of (wha?) just mentioned at #scms12 urban cinema and media studies workshop - 99% invisible
At lancers game
Whenever Juliana Hatfield's "Spin the Bottle" comes on, I 1) want to watch Reality Bites, and 2) want all songs to be in 5/4.
me to. my parents won't get me a car until i have a job to. ):
Congrats Big win for your boys today. Now it's your turn next weekend!
#winning #asalways MT : It's 1045p on a Wednesday. Not drinking, just sharing the wisdom of Jack Handy with the masses.
On this day in 1937, the airship Hindenburg, the largest dirigible ever built, burst into flames killing 36 passengers and crewmembers.
Omg I hate you. You bitch
Observation: There are not really 8 servings in a large bag of Cheetos.
Need a good #bbq place in #madison. Suggestions?
- When are you going to predict sunny and 75 for NYC?
lol why? How about you earn money & then you can buy them yourself c:
lol family guy wheat thin commercial was good B-)
Senior skip half day tomorrow
Guess what you won! :-) Send me a direct message for info on picking up your SAPB SwagPack.
Want to get some social media buzz about your products/fights? Email our social media ambassador:
Tornado Warning for Claiborne, Hinds, and Madison County in MS until 11:30am CDT (via )
last weekend. it was lovely!! i had so much fun. next time i am there we will have to meet up. how was el salv?
Hey are you at the game? Put in a good word for me. Taking my students on Tues. Would dig a tour...
Especially if the guy pays all the other times. It's the small things that show you not a gold digger.. Lol
Who can sleep in this shit!?
Keep snapping those shots! -thank you very much!
loved dark shadows..
Happy B-Day, hope u have an amazing day buddy!!
Wait.., what?
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
#quotes A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
go listen to you will love them
Yeah, but now you have something to look forward to with your NY teams.
Hittin the studio next week!
Well, it's Friday. The Day To Backup. (This means you too !)
“: Join us this afternoon at 2:30 to see how you can serve at the church.”
Don't have to. I wish people could see it the way I do and fuck Yolo. One wrong decision can end life so fast then your RIP
Psh, you don't need beaches to put a beach cruiser to semi-intoxicated good use. Just stay away from hills...they're no fun.
I think it's adorable when Guys are scared to talk to you because they secretly like you.<3 But some guys need to grow a pair c;
awesome that u listened that day! That's so great!
Jammin' to the Get Out Cd on my way to work!! Thanks for the great album !!!!!
was listening to hanson and i thought ike was singing "down baby chicken" gabi informed me that the lyric is actually "time baby take it ...
Summer = Opportunity that's why I love this season.
Eastern tacks on another run after Baker slides under the tag on a fielders choice throw to home plate. After 2 innings, Eagles lead 2-0.
: Pretty effed. Headed to the doctor this afternoon...
#whyilovethewanted because they taught me to never give up on my dreams and be proud of who I am. Ilovethem!<3
whats the point if word on the street is that Kentucky basketball team can beat the wizards
Love following ya! Even if you are out of your mind!
Thanks for letting us know!
RT : Real encouragement is reminding someone how far they've come not how far they have to go.
Last time I checked Cubs don't hav Manny or Pedro in their primes. Theo lucked into good situation.
There is no reason why I am addressing you
One Less Lonely Girl Anniversery. :)
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!53
History tonight. 1st Big10 football championship game, 1st WI appearance, 1st #Badger victory. Everything is coming up Roses.
Make-up cant cover up that personality.
nice. Good luck studying you guys!
me and my girl at skool almost beat up diz gay boy emmanuel in skool
I don't get it either
Can you parallel park a live truck? I can!
Sad whoever shot that young Spanish girl
If you're not following you should just quit twitter.
For the record it was a big one with a large party, not just your run of the mill annual birthday
How is being charged for manslaughter and 1st degree murder not double jeopardy? Charged 2x for same crime.
I look forward to it!
Why do i constantly think i need to prove myself to you
#becauseofjustin i want to run into the same door he did....then lick it O.O
Netflix is worth it if you have a way to stream video to your tv. The streaming only is like $8 and is almost like cable, imo.
>=[ fuck I'm out of bean dip.
Ill start an earth quake
": "I'm feelin disrespected, if everybody's fuckin dimes who got all these ugly bitches pregnant?" -Saigon" #Classic Saigon
L.A. continues to roll as they smash on the Knicks at M.S.G.Their trip remains undefeated (4-0). Next up the 08 Finals rematch Orlando Magic
haha! I see which 1 you meant now! Thought u meant 1 about measuring snow w dudes junk! Lmao! Thx 4 telln me doll
Lambeau is on my lap right now, purring away. He’s a LaPerm and has curly gold “hair” – which is why I named him after Curly Lambeau!
Gingrich: "I will sign an executive order repealing every anti-religious act of the Obama administration..." So, anti-Christian?
<U+2663> shamROCK ON <U+2663> #stpatricksday #lucky <U+2663>
they hate to see women as equal I guess. I don't know what the #GOP's problem is.
exactly! Yet people pay $60+ for this when they can grab an authentic New Era for half the price.
for real then u will judt eat all day n drive all day.fresh ass shoes.
Give a man a cup of coffee, he has a drink. Give a man a Keurig, he owes you big.
I never claim to be a Preacher or a Saint. We're all HUMAN. I say learn from your mistakes and don't repeat them!
I can't shake the feeling I'm forgetting something...
Chill bitch ur in just caise i told u aboit it stop tryma be a show off
The #firsttake argument is not about journalism... needs to "take" the medicine that he dishes everyday.
I know want me I see it in your eye
I feel stupid.
S/O to my new followers!! Thanks for tuning in to Ms. Starbucks
Just pulled it up... clearly great minds think alike.
after canvass, 64 votes separate Richard Johnson (R) & Mark Brody (R) in NC House 55, Johnson has already called for recount
I hate when my friend's fight. It's the damn worst ! Cause then they make you pick a damn side.
A friend slipped in my shower & cut his head. Seemed an axe murderer had gone beserk. Bloody! Only 3 stitches. #GZ - no stitches.
Just got out of church wit my mama Marsha!!
Had a lot of fun with UKKS at DELC last night
Landed in the warmth, home sweet home! (For a couple days).
what kind of language is aint? I think you mean is not
Cancer rate doubled for transplant patients
It would be sad if quit singing.. If he does then I would be that person to hunt him down and make him change his mind(: <3
omg! you wanna fight huh dont make me call youre bf johnny an get your ass in trouble!
Will be in Athens, OH for Wilco tomorrow!
heehee. I'll text you it
Why am I always GETTING FUCKED!?!
Anyone know what time the #purevolume house opens tomorrow?
Will she like Kate Spade? ;)
What are you soft? We'll do both, the 5k will be prep for the 13 miles.
RT : Already planning my Thursday evening. - are you ready for us? #bogobesties ///Ready and Waiting :)
thanks. I've been writing a health column for CultureMap for the last few months.
thanks a billion for the #FF! Hope you're doing well out east.
thats cause you had one of the worst phones before it lol
not all refs just Doug Shows......you think Louisville had duke on their chest
someone wanna loan me their life for a day
963 concert announcement coming Monday at 5pm. Listen to to find out what acts are coming to Wichita!
A night without studying...
Spending time with my grandpa;))
Get off Ed Hochuli already. I rather know what he was thinking, and that his crew is making calls correctly.
YOUR TWEETS ARE HILARIOUS!!! lolol! Follow!
Tune in to All Things Considered right now with
I want subway wah
it was good. My lil guy loved it. Indulging with some ice cream now.
Work was fun, but strange things happen to you amongst lingerie...
Decisions, decisions...I think this is the hardest decision I've had to make in the past, 10 months or so.
OH: high life of mickeys. Which would you choose?
I had fun at your site! Hope you like my titles :) Hope you've had a lovely day!
Don't let your vehicle's battery leave you stranded this holiday season. We'll test your battery for FREE at any Express Lube location.
Just have this Feelin we wont make it through college when we go our separet ways ...
I'm obsessed with the mess that is America<f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Game watching party ? RT : Tigers game at Cincinnati on June 10 has been selected for ESPN Sunday Night Baseball.
Wow Great way to communicate - easier to read news- Your Dad is proud of your efforts
Someone pls give me a shout out ?
first ones better
fans are ALWAYS RIGHT ...
why did you send this to me????
This is going to be a very long day.
Re: Brandon Inge. It can't be any worse then our current situation at third.
BAGEL FRIDAY
Im ready for my 5 AM. Lab.
Key takeaway from afternoon panel featuring buy and sell side: "You cannot underestimate or under value chemistry"
and our teachers will hate us
Houston! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
Come in today w/ your bib from the #Race4theCure and get 10% off your meal! Doors open at 11! Pls RT!
RT Rigatoni!!! How you been?? >I've been better & I've been worse but overall I'm well & just thankful! How abt U?
Happy Friday Everyone! Yes, it is Friday the 13th but we are claiming blessings & miracles on this day. RT
Well. She does look amazing for 60.
Just got a yummy peanut butter cupcake from ! So good! :)
LOL. He's got more problems than the dark side
Pride attracts the girl. Courage approaches her. Wisdom gets her. Strength puts up with her, but loyalty keeps her.
Bonding on the bus we Gabriel ^.^
New York Knicks win @ Sacramento Kings
#EBUS118 Follow and review their tweets about Apple's big new product announcement today. Tweet your thoughts on this?
be nice. Lol.
FORGIVE ME :')
The School regulating the #ValentinesDay #candy should be praised!!!!!!! These kids will be healthier than hyper!!
Goodyear Extends Credit Facilities
Bynum & Gasol - 38 Pts on 19 shots. Kobe - 31 Pts on 30 shots. Kobe is killing the lakers night in night out. Am I the only one noticing?
Happy National Library Week!
She go hard best female rapper
what about the app store ?
Molly Shannon is my hero
"Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion... -- Gary Zukav
Alright! I will see you at the airport lol
prayers to you and your family for your loss. God Bless
next week, my loves. Next week ;)
Happy Mothers Day to , representing Hollywood
Charlotte +2 for dean&deluca and a Segway tour?!? But -1 for no easily available foreign currency.
2007 pic. Jess Weixler as "Dawn" was excellent. Sweet girl born w/ an odd case of genitalia dentum. TEETH is creepy, funny.
saw that lineup yesterday.... "Balcony Music" is gonna be a huge problem.
its not our fault that theyre doing a tour here. We deserve to see one direction as much as anyone else.
We're getting reports the train horn has finally stopped.
The Cowboys have the worst front office and ownership in the NFL. # nepotism stinks
RT : You have to feel bad for GOP primary voters who were heretofore unaware that "No Winner" was an option.
thanks to you, now I'm a Ninja Turtle fan !!!!! <3
I guess MY food ain't shit. :-(
kay what?
I definatly needed that phone call
Brewers Win!
ugh im starving
With this particular piece, I realized theme on the second draft. It seems to be fitting nicely.
And with that, the season is now over...
can't wait to see you here!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I bet he is okay <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> no worries
a cadillac will never take you as far as your dreams hahaha motivational statements every morning
" When you fall in love with someone you don't fall in love with their looks, their wallet, or their status. You fall in love with..."
I wish I could live in pageantland forever, the real world is just not as shiny.
Location 3, Clue 2: They say you can see the forest through the trees But we’ve always wondered what the heck does that mean?
“Life is much like a joke, doesn’t make much sense, until it ends
you should follow me back yea?:)
hey how you been. I need to go on a cupcake run with you.
We would rather live in both. The mountains and beach, most likely Vancouver or South Africa
both if downtown and within about 7-8 blocks or so of where we're at $20.00 minimum order for that distance
The book is good, but the papers on continuity and change... and yeah Im suck.
Thanks, I'm in denial ;)
Just came from making a joyful noise @ church! It's always good to give thanks and praise!
#incaseyoudidntknow wearing pounds of make up isn't cute. You just look like Ronald McDonald ..
Met's won by 5 runs. And another one. 3-0 and counting. Our $1000 Players are up 3K already! Let's go Jazz.
How about 100% off?? JUMPsuit cleaning, today only, at EcoClean to celebrate Leap Day! :)
it's so tasty! And fattening! They love to shove a polish sausage in there and wrap cheese around it. M on a bad day.
Hydrangeas and a small cypress tree!
Spying on on his birthday...
Alot of real good coaches are getting fired.What have you done for me lately? Note to AD's, the grass is often full of weeds on other side
Miami-bound for the 2012 Winter #Biometrics Summit. Expecting lively discussion and good weather.
Very disappointing loss for my #Nuggies. But still just 1 loss. Key guys need to show up in game 2 or this is gonna be a quick "learning ...
And that's not a bad thing!
HAVE YOU HEIRD OF SMILEFRIENDS IT COMING SOON IT's LIKE FACEBOOK BUT DIFFERENT.RANDOM
m oh yeah
Emerging CRM concept of "single view of the customer" will not help your biz align with what your customers hold dear says
Bill Clinton the super-hero. <3
A little piece of punk/hip hop died today. You will be missed by your fans
Adam, is it working?
RT : Houston, you will have a problem..... again.
I guess it's the information organizer in me, but I really want to create subcategories in Pinterest
#arapgov12 The oddly shaped district grabs as many voters favorable to the maj as possible, thus creating safe districts.
Usually I feel like the ish, but tonight Im just feeling like plain ish..
jo cat !
Bout to embark on this long trip back to san Diego
There's no point in trying to fall asleep because it's not gonna happen. I'm just gonna pretend it's another vacation night.
I'm gonna burn something down if I'm getting sick
Good mooorrnin!!:-) Hope everyone have a productive day!
Nice finish Benny... #NOT!!!
Me: Excuse me, i'm sitting there Bitch: No actually I am Ms Hollis: Nobody's sitting there Me: Oh looks like I am!:) Sorry;)
R.A.R band
umm hope u ain't driving
Exciting! RT The Tom Ford Men's Shop is now open at at the ! Have you been?
Stuck at Dulles airport in DC until noon tomorrow. Looking for an adventure...are you in DC?
Lost another pot, 46k. On break, playing one more level at 500 1000 100 then done for tonight.
Most interesting idea = museum not allowed to use social media. That's like... not being allowed to have brochures.
Student seemed very bright, so I'm optimistic. Most fun I've had helping public patron in some time.
Are you going to start charging us modelling fees?
Friday nights outside the city.
hey guys! (: the new website is up now, and we should have the online store running soon! <3 www.bambaidapparel.webs.com
Not yet! I took the Bethesda Circulator b/c of the rain. Will pick it up tonight or tomorrow morning! Thanks again!
haha no I was at school for a senior yearbook breakfast! Home now though..call me!
aye big daddy.
Philz has a pretty consistent afternoon love of Tegan & Sara. One hundred The Con plays and counting.
Getting ready to head out to a BBQ!
i hate you so much u gave me a heart attack for NO reason!
WHAT!?x
Watching my man with a lap to go, mans game! #guts #balls !!!
I GOT A B ON MY PRE-CAL TEST OMFG?
I have never trusted Chief Daniels, too frustrated. But after finale, a bit harder to say.
“: I wanted you so bad.. But you took too long. Did you expect me to wait on you forever?” sums up past relationships.
yes random. Quantity counts. Not private. Go to sleep. :)
im a fan of the vamps....lol
thank you for your lovely words! You are amazing too!
good luck hippieboy
Which came first higher tuition or student loans?
Happy birthday to me brb
I dont wanna go to school but then i do cause it actually has AC
I want to see your segment on Good Day LA!! Is it online??
maybe... da pastor must drive a benze to church lmao
you two are good:) Courtney's busy sometimes but that's fine, lol
i have to go on another diet/fast i must lose weight.
Does anyone who lives by me wanna babysit my puppy while I'm at the cubs game on saturday for $30?
That is a good one. Walso thinking experience/events. Hard to say nowadays. I guess that's why we say "all" more than anything
A nicca ain't sleeping at all da first week!
This confirms that voters in these states (majority) are not more liberal than their politicians they vote 4. They're the same
RT : Securities fraud hacker charged after $1 million heist: A Russian national is in custody in Newark, N.J., facing......
and only $99
what u mean me?
sorry to hear the news, if we can help with anything including tape of appearances, please ask.
bummer :/ well, hey i'll see ya there in the Fall :D haha
your turn , follow or i'll unfollow u :)
Congrats 2 Coolidge Boys 4 Winning the DCIAA Championship 64 - 53 over Roosevelt. DC Youth Rock!
Would you just hurry up and get in the crate and fly to LA already!?!
Hey Victor Garcia... on behalf of the horror community... Thanks for killing off three horror franchises that didn't need anymore sequels!
I DONT KNOW wHAT TO WEAR TO SCHOOL
So tired
Check out April English Home rear cover, our Floral Bed!
Hey guys, I just saved a bunch of money on my flood insurance by not having any.
feel better, my friend! There's a nasty cold going around right now...I've had mine weeks! Lots of healing energy to you :)
SS!! I'm playing take control!!!! #Mysong :)
lunch again this week plz? Haha look I tweeted mo! :)
I mean, I thought teaching them was painful enough...
Follow Me Please!? 23
Sadness, so busy at work these days, just can't compete with fellow Psych-Os. Sounds like a blast tho. Thanx 4 much awesomeness.
Julius mays hays
is a MASSIVE fan of the
thanks to both of you for getting the word out - go
I love how Mets fans universally "love" Shane Dictorino!
are you excited??? Big night!
Good morning!!!
You'd be surprised....
congrats on the TV/Chi-Radio debut. Woman power!
I don't think everyone should self-publish, but it's sure worked out for a savvy few....
#WOTD: What big things to you expect from , #Wilco band members and dBpm in 2012? Happy New Year's Day!
I better not miss my 10k tweet. That'll really make me pi... I mean, upset.
keep me posted we can set something up for and your crew. Have a good weekend
Today's presenters are Christina Jensen of & Kate Gibney of
I'll be the guy pouring the Audrey & the Champagne, while simultaneously watching Barça-Madrid. Multi-tasking at its finest...
come home to see & parting it up over there without me. sweet invite-_-
“: <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Metally dating my crush. He looked at me in the hallway today, it's getting pretty serious.” us
RT : Is that really any different from Lightning Talks? :) Depending on the presenter, maybe not!
Can't watch #GandB without crying for and with them. Happy tears/sad tears. Whichever. Love them!
Sometimes I wish I was short like 6 ft..
Very excited to present "Network Analysis for Topic Detection in Eighteenth-Century Novels" at the #humnets reunion conference this week!
I think I'm getting better at this..... :)
Planning out an Easter break jam session! Gonna meet up in Boston at Sam's place and work on some stuff.
yeah buddy! Sounds good
Still getting the hang of this "Follow Friday" stuff. Feel free to share some of Indy's finest we should follow & we'll try to keep up!
#BOYFRIENDReview something huge in music history
Yes I go every 2 years :) you?
Lucky you! When's your due date?
Why do guys always wait until the last minute to put the effort in?!. -_-
I'm bored. Someone entertain me.
Healty diet of weed, water and wonderful experiences!!!!!!
56 miles to Portland.
love my lap puppy
Thanks for helping to spread the word!
lol, they aint gonna know .. I go to the club now, lol
Why isn't anyone crazy about angry birds anymore? Peta crack down or what happened?
i'm still in hospital
ahaha.. I went to a rodeo a few weeks ago where they played afterward. We left 2 songs in, was that awful
My only sure reward is in my actions and not from them. - H. Prather
- My circle last year ---> O My circle this year ---> o People cant be trusted !
i'd rather be riding my bike.
At CofeeBean getting my final projects finished up for my online class. :-) almost done for the semester!
#RAVENNATION #ATLANTA #SEVENNATIONARMY ASSEMBLE this Sunday! 1pm! Tell somebody that knows somebody!
Maybe.. I just walked past it, but I see people almost collide there all the time. Crossing 70th is hard!
Air conditioner has made its first appearance of the year. Fortunately the 34 year old beast is still able to produce cool air.
Holy cow it's gorgeous out. What a great day for bicycling and such.
thanks boo. Love you <3
Inexplicably I am at a #DavidGarrett concert. I've never seen 1000 people pay to hear a wedding band. Until now.
just tried your cookies & cream #frozenyogurt flavor yesterday. It was delicious!
Idaho awards &#39;Gem Grants&#39; to local towns, counties
re: phones - I think my issue is that BB's issues are hw-related (ram, screen, proc), where streak's r solved w/ sw upgrade
So, I guess duke's football team showed up for the tourney this yr instead of the b-ball team.....
just came really close to getting hit by a car
we are graphic designers! www.stardesignsa.com contact us there!
you can interview me anytime you want. :-)
We hope Sam Calagione brings home the gold at tonight's awards! Good luck!
To lose patience is to lose the battle ~ Gandhi
its sad
I only speak one language..... the language of love! -Justin Bieber <3
Just thinking. The greatest players had the biggest egos. Being a a**hole is part of what gives them that drive.
What was tougher between challenges or starving? Hope you win the Fan Fave prize!!
love to travel.
How likely is an employee to do right by you if you're not doing right by them?
" is listening to " well how did we sound?!?! :)
we're not sure
It's great to see Timmy laughing going into the dugout.
So far today...2-0 +47.5 units with one game still playing and two more tonight #breakingthebook let's win some money boys
Lol jamies tubes are tied so idl bout that
id love to
What an exhausting day! So much to do! Almost done with my 2nd photo shoot of the day! XoXo
hahaha its okayy,the bitch will go off soon :)
Downtown Atlanta for my interview to be a Big Brother!
What's making me happy today: Hanging up on a vendor. When I say no, I mean no--if you keep talking, I'm hanging up.
Not what I expected. Oh well guess I haven't learned my lesson
Ugh, This is to early for me to be up at >.<
any studies on long term health of the 4 sports athletes? Seems NFL plyrs wld have most probs long term. Lowst avg salary??
At lunch with my dad, who is eschewing family conversation in favor of reading massive Ludwig Von Mises tome.
Keith Frazier just went down with ankle injury. He's in plenty pain.
Carroll Shelby...American bad ass. Read the book "go like hell" by aj baime.
• Hey it was nice to see you at the game. At first I was like HUH? because I didn't expect it. Guess we should'a went on Saturday.
#UBAKPsi is having a Meet the Chapter #Spring2012Rush event tonight at 6pm in the Alfiero Atrium. Come out to meet <U+0391><U+039A><U+03A8> Beta Iota brothers!
the bus waited to leave b/c it saw our train come in and wanted to let us get on. sometimes metro does open doors
sleep... where are you?
Well, I bought three dresses, a belt, and sandals, and I do not feel any better.
WELL, TIME TO PLAY DIABLO!
Hey bro! Saw you were here in NYC! What are we doing tonight? Make me
I can't believe this. Saturday woulda been nice
Look out Milwaukee, the historians are about to take over!
Took a unintentional brake from a few social networks, I apologize for the absence. Thank you everyone for the #FF much appreciated.
Or both teams just suck.
otay well you know where I live <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Heading out 2 the weigh in for challenge see who won 2nite on
You gonna put away that Peyton Hillis voodoo doll you're working with anytime soon?
: why are the 2 mutually exclusive? apps vs storytelling
Everybody Talks - Neon Trees... Its great, and soon its going to be overplayed.
what's the next show about? Link for details?
feeling great after 1 mi run and 4 mi fast walk..time to get back into marathon form :)
Paula Dean would make an amazing mom/grandma
and what argument did u make again other than untruths and rhetoric? Yeehaw!!
God today is rough. Feelin like shit in soo tired.
so they aren't as cute as the university of Wisconsin's mascot?
Curious to know how Scouting for Food went? So far 46% of the troops have turned in 23k lbs of food! Do you think we'll reach our 50k goal?
Oh Yeah! Its all coming down now, in Jesus name. His Blood protecting me. Even the demons have to flee!
Looks like Facebook made a HUGE update - your thoughts?
I miss you so much:(
no I don't, but he had black hair and blue eyes if that helps
maybe I can send someone CMK-have them find u- start collaborative work-even if I can't get someone there we like collaboration
Daily GTKY question: For cinema and/or literary entertainment, do you prefer…drama or comedy?
This is awesome! I'm definitely all over this. Will there be booze? (I know, I'm horrible).
what was it you said - something about "violatez c'est twitter en la visage"? #fancyfrenchexpressions lol.
you lovee it. :)
After a week of major studying, I am going to relax a little bit this weekend. But, getting ready to start on Antigone. :-)
Today is #career day at my son's middle #school. I'll be trying to steer the kids away from #publishing :)
S/o to my favorite bad girls yall the shit with no diapers follow these ladies they real Ass Hell
Lunch just needs to hurry and come already, I'm hungry as fuck.
Had someone ask - fad or not? Think it's less abt platform & more about value it delivers, IE visual storytelling
I understand that. It's just the fact that the family wanted to keep it on the down low.
“: I swear I don't even watch tv I just like to chill in my room n listen to music <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” oh. Is that how you feel?
Honestly dont know how much more I can take....
Very sad to see Dale Hunter step down. Hopefully whatever coach replaces him keeps the same relative system in place
*Handsomely recompensed* is a good description
I really need to get some Detroit pictures on the website.
I keep having this dream about driving in a car with no brakes. Any dream interpreters out there wanna tackle this one?
I think it's about time an Amber Alert gets put out on Crawford. Definitly on a milk carton.
What's under Arsenio's hat?!?! What's he hiding? :)
HAPPY #ShootUsDownOneYearAnniversary ;D
Smh not clutch on those key free throws my brother
Thank you for mentioning us, we appreciate it! ^SZ
Thanks lets get together! Reach out to to start working together :)
Lets Go Birds!
Thank You! >hat tip #gratitudedance<
you super sexy hot
When you fall in love with two people chose the second because if you rly loved the first you wouldn't have fallen for the second
Concept of crowdsourcing has been at the heart of since the very beginning -
Good night Tweeples!
IT Solutions for the Houston Medical and Legal community.
Watch out, or Alec Baldwin may get you thrown off the plane.
So proud of all the pres students graduating today. Gonna miss you guys!
#WhoWouldYouPick coco or amber rose?? umm coco
I want for Christmas is for Tim be be sleeping next to me when I wake up...
graphic designers. Web/ print design, etc. also on site graphic editor for certain publications.
or at least get lost in some random industrial park
def a post chi comment sir.
Yes I am drinking plenty of H2O! Im determined to get in a few 5k's this season. Want to join me?
What a rip off! People should be outraged! Paying online requires less work for Verizon.
Scumbag Startup: Has me connect all my social networks and setup my profile. Tells me to come back later because I'm on a beta wait list.
I just bought the new ! I immediately tore out the post an taped it on my wall! Please print more!!!!
Yes. And those grounds are what I think they want to eliminate as a defense.
Yesterday I drove between two Toyota vans carrying MULES in the back, and I wore handerpants. I am not making either of those up.
hanging out with my cousins haven't seen them for a while! i love my new baby cousin Zoe! ^_^ <3
lmaoo thank you! :)
Great seeing you ! Wasn't a fantastic speaker with such valuable content?
maybe amber is working tomorrow Friday and Saturday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thanks. Much appreciated.
im going to the zoo tomarrow yeah buddy
Listening to Jonah Lehrer writer for Wired mag and author of How We Decide. His book on the decision making process.
And all those fairy tales are full of shit. One more fucking love song I'll be sick <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Though there was very beautiful yesterday, I pefer today's chiil.
The Parent Trap is on again! Love it! The hat you wear by the pool is inspired!
thanks for the words of inspiration, im in here cookin up some heatrock as we tweet
HWYS 12 (wb) AND K - rollover accident - several authorities responding
Yes! "I'm in!" I got the word a few weeks ago but it still hasn't quite sunk in yet!
I know..Those girls were gorgeous! Have u guys left the campground yet? We are all feeling a bit worse for wear..
Why did I drink this energy drink? It tastes like diet and now my hearts beating insanely fast as I bounce around my cubicle. Help Me!
tough for US in #Medan that's for sure.
Had no idea u knew about DreamChamps! I was just helping BP for three months as a consultant. Back to DC full-time now! :) - Jill
Caden have you got any crazy text yet?
Interesting - a dual use phone may indeed help with employee privacy concerns.
Congrats! That's wonderful news.
I love my life <U+2665>
Church and hanging w friends
#666 followers? Oh that's healthy....
Have SO much fun! Can't wait to hear all about it...envious much? :)
We are excited for both of you, sick or not!! ;-)RT : opening for u tommorow don't get sick like Chicago lol
Love it!
My cat apparently does not mind being dustbusted.
Olivejuicesomuch.....even I confuse myself don't ask
i followed your friend(: now you follow mine ---> lol
Yes, you're worth it. Screw what they say.
RT : Music & spoken work event tonight! Dr. Mark Mantel's "Machine Gun Sketches". Join us... doors open 7pm!
graduation party tonight.... Come buy the man a shot
One customer down...three to go....Another Busy day at Banks PC Repair Plus!!!
thank God gaha
dude i was watching that 70s show and they said "keep youre friends close and your enemies fat" HOLY SHIT THEY STOLE MY IDEA
Can we meet at Starbucks instead of Burger Hut?
takes a man to break up with someone when looking them in the eyes, takes a coward to do it in a text or over Facebook
Papa Johns asked fb fans to submit their fav pizza recipes. The result? R&D insight worth millions
RT : ESPN's panel of experts talking about #UConn WBB streak are almost all UConn grads.
Hunter's new niece is so beautiful!!! :)
#AreYouReadyLittleHiltons for my new choreography album! But sorry there's no trailer on Youtube
is it in STL tonight ….. i wanna go!
received your newsletter in our inbox. Thank you!
The time will come when you can knock out an 8 page-er like nobody's business.
mcclane called him a safety, you think he's from Georgia tech, this shit is great.
they seem green to me too...
Work is an imaginary action until you make a move!
Now! Free pizza if you answer a few ?s about technology use. Come quick! It smells good and I don't know how long I can resist!
Im kinda tired tbh ..
we will find out what its like to be.. in a marching band... YEAH FOR THE FIREMAN.
I don't disagree. He just may have been more mad at the ref in the moment.
I sent a couple more photos to the newsrm email for u guys! Marissa u were right!!
thanks for the follow! You might also be interested in too. ~mark
Good Night
i'm not fred flinstone, but i can make your bed rock.
lol I bet on h because I was outside where they go by and he sneezed on me as he was going by so I was like he's the one
I'm so fucking screwed up you have no idea how much I hate myself
What's the last movie you saw in a theater?
#3WordsForYou I Miss You. I love you. I hate you.
Lost my phone... Found my phone all in the space of two days, not even realising!
Is it true that they changed "Happy Hour" to "I'm gonna go to CURRIED & eat CURRY hour"?
#himym catch up
you excited for my birthday!? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
OK Tweople - we got a newbie that needs some love - follow AND RT this please, thank you.
Dear You are one of a kind. Theres no one like you, I guess that's what makes you unforgettable(: <3 I'm always here for u!
My homegirl rode her bike for 14 miles today
It definitely was!
looking forward to it
Can you marry a dragon? Follow up: Why not? Other Follow Up: Are they easy to kill?
Say that again girl!! Lol
I love you!! <3 can I get your mention please? Much love from asia x
In 20-30 years, one of the hardest things our kids will have to do will be finding a user name that hasn't already been taken.
me too! Everybodys saying it was really short today tho
GURL. you forgot your diaper again?
I'm writing a song, and I can hear every little bit of the unmade track in my head... Just gotta figure out a way to make it real!
I'll have three fingers of Glenlivet, with a little bit of pepper... and some cheese.
are dead from last night I'm the only guy in my room up and ready to do it all over again!!
Ok. Why do I have to keep REfollowing people?! It keeps happening!
we love the yucatan! Weather just a tad better than TX! Ha!
RT (AB'08): does anyone want to learn how to speak esperanto with me?
When you have trouble reaching a contact, practice what we preach in marketing.. frequency & consistency of message. Stay at it.
RT : You may say i'm a screamer, but you've poked me in the bum. #quote Yoko Ono lennon
«««« Someone went casper on me.
Holy heart attack Batman!
Wanderlust is highlarious.
Rockstar cast at this session about long distance learning and collaboration. Keeping research sustainable—key topic, easy to overlook.
I had the good fortune to meet an amazing group of people at Chicago #BMA this morning. #IIT is a really neat venue, too!
I'm taking what I deserve.
Some days your the bait #sucks Some days your the fish #sucksless Some days your the hungry fisher #waiting till the perfect time
at William Douglas dinner: Public Counsel "promotes American values" of education, justice for all
RT : We need an intl standard for olive oil to simplify trade, assist in combating fraud, reducing problems for producers.
Thanks for the follow, Shauna. I got ya back! Looking forward to talking more about Motortrain. :)
The Euro Step strikes again. Baron Davis goes down with scary knee injury.
got U
You just look stupid.
Am I too late?
What time is the rally tonight? At the Capital obviously?
#lis768 Anybody else digging Google Chrome? (sorry, Mac-only users; your time will come soon!)
Yessirr. Andray outta there this summer. Kinda scared about Nene knees n/h
Thanks for the shout out! Peace!
I should follow more people :) (:
That man just spread pie all over himself.
To Nashville TN for CCSA Training. Ah, the 2.5 hr drive.... uuugggghhh! Oh, well, here we go!
Haha i saw a guy this weekend, i almost took a picture....so funny.
Wow, 2 hours seems like a long time to wait. Hopefully they were worth it! :)
Bynum is obnoxiously huge
thank you rahega :)
love it Leora
xss test <script>alert('Hello World');</script>
one direction infection
i was talking about the song ......
That's awesome! I still need to try it out.
Gotcha fam tell to follow me LOL RT : Follow me my Ninja!!
and our server is inaccessible. awesome.
Don't think I've had a better lunch in months than I did at today. Place rocks the most!
down with the dirtiest mouth in the south!
Getting ready for a road trip to Tucson to visit dad, and then on to Albuquerque on Monday. Yeehaw!
Yo, what are you guys up to this weekend?
School may be back in session, but as of August 1st, there are 53 days of summer left! New clients take 20% off your first waxing service.
that's harsh.
Stop by the Kohl Center on the way home. Our Hero may be able to heal you.
Who knew Austin,TX has it goin on! Had a great show last night and people really had a great time. So did I. Can't wait 2 come back.
5 minutes. All I want. 5 minutes to slow down smoke a cig and drink some lemonaid. Heat stroke check.
Book Review of Judy Hayden's _The New Science and Women's Literary Discourse_ sent to Journal of British Studies. Now: Grading Marathon!
I haven't talked to some people in awhile doesn't mean I don't think about you and just know if you need me I'm here
realistically a Gerald Fitch Jersey
Ima start wearing yall clothes in my videos and rep that clothing line - Kid Tay
Jason let me tell you I love this silver bracelet 22inches around great flexibility goes with all colors real panty dropper
Wearing my shirt today.
Your girlfriend love me.
EVERYBODY PLEASE FOLLOW MY BEST FRIEND shes new on here in yes she do follow back... so please go follow her
I like my music loud
DRUM lessons were AmAZinG!!!!
As you are ultimate splitter, you have to go split Brees and Rodgers
it's moving reeeeeeealy slow :/
1602 S. Park St. Madison. Can you make it? Thx!
Damn 100$ a day?? Shiidd give me that job
Congratulations to all the girls that had kids when I was in High School, by now most of your kids can watch themselves.
Palance, Milton and Britt fix damage in the airlock. That's one way to get over the death of your captain.
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 33
We have a government that runs in the lobby but really is in the gutter
I like broccoli I just choose not to eat it :)
She ruins everyone's day everyday. So much for being an English teacher and clearly doesnt know the meaning of the word B-R-E-A-K
Just finished Shift Happens: Tech. Integration Decisions...very interesting w/ big picture ideas & less of HOW to do this in schools
Just cuz they are from china doesn't mean they know a lot about rice
Love love. <3
Hello what's the status of Bill # B19-0584? We need benefit corporations in #DC. Thanks for the efforts!
NEW HIP-HOUSE MIX AVAILABLE TO DOWNLOAD...
": u get my emails fam??" I did but ain't had the time 2 peep yet.
really? Sorry! I re-followed.
Did you know that the SJSFF is coming to the CineArts Theatre in Santana Row October 20th-23rd? www.facebook.com/sjsff
I better get an A in Mr. Greens class.
Lincoln theater tonight...
-_- u check ur twitter every morning huh lol
Today's accomplishment - I figured out a piece of CSS coding. Who knew that adding the word "important" would make such a difference?
Good morning Austin! It's great to have the whole team back in the office. Meeting and catch up day!
Happy Mother's Day!
escaping nights without shadows on the wall,my mind is running wild trying hard not to fall <3
Had an awesome weekend with you all! Ping us next time you're in town.
Thanks so much for the RT
I want some....seriously
read my mind, practice starts at ten... then film, then 2nd practice, then lift, full pads haha
Blue day numero dos...another day of english #blah #funtimes :/
yes it's really great ;)) Same here my love .. Did u have a nice day ??
Hint: The answer is obvious ......Use Your Sources!!
Beautiful song!
Bye bye, Preds! Good work,
Im at Therapy - great eats and good drinks! 348 W 52nd St.
Wow. Brewers telegraphed that double steal. Bob Brenley picked it up from the booth.
If i keep staring at the clock maybe it will go faster, im afraid though, that it will just burst into flames and stop forever
Hey all!! & I have officially launched mktg/confidence Follow us, tweet at us - thanks to all who've helped us get here
Arrive an hour before my interview. Get sorbet to pass the time~
Hate when a guy think's he could talk the talk and walk the walk!
HA!! Figures!!!..so this vitriol is more about generating as much interest as possible now to lead to their book. typical
When I'm feeling blue, of COURSE I think of WITHOUT HIS SHIRT.
At least with Cheney, we'd have been confident that we were being screwed with awareness.
If Lebron drills a 3 at the buzzer Twitter will probably crash
Welcome to the Kentucky Colonel Club
“ RT : #Leo dislike beating around the bush & are known to say exactly what they mean.”
RT So, who else is on pins and needles waiting to see the Packs season schedule??
$100 bucks if you start a "lets go bears" chant.
RECORD BROKEN! We hit 82 degrees at PDX today, shattering the 30 year old record of 79. How did you spend this glorious April day?
Impressed w/ HC Mike Woodson now on w/ Hope he finishes strong, don't always need the "big name".
F U Project Runway
Seemed kinda homophobic at parts even though its characters seem to be insisting that they're not. Definite funny parts, though.
I hate funerals.....
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. ~Desmond Tutu
with at the Learning Commons! chatting and charging..
Nope.... I was front row on the floor. None of that VIP nonsense for me. I like a show like I like my brandy-old fashioned.
I was just taking out the trash
hahaha oh ok that was a good one
No more stone tablet!! I have an iPhone now. :D #joinedtheworld lol
G-SHOCK WATCHES 4 Sale!!!!! In White, Yellow, Black And Red... 1 For $70 an 2 For $100 Hit Me Up If U Need Any!!!!
even this one spells better and can structure a sentence better than bfudd
9th grade: Everyone is friends with everyone. 10th grader: People start to act funny. 11th grade: You realize who's real. 12th grade: Bye.
Back on the streets tomorrow =)
hahaha you talking?!!!!
You are the reason why I am here. (:
follow awesome person ! Long term care and sales expert!
Okay, I'll stop.
ooooohhhh . Now I want one. First the floats, then this.
Yummylicious!!!! We could have alot of fun w/ this!!!!
Two more days!
sorry. it's in the book:) xoxo
Surviving and thriving require finding & maintaining a niche & adapting to a changing environment.
Going to teach Cold Reading at the SAG Conservatory. Wanna give them something so they can book a job this week.
RT : Better, Faster, Cheaper, and Now! How important is Now in health IT?
Just watched the Hunger Games movie.. I'm in shock! But upset that they didn't put the part where Haymitch falls of the stage haha.. Jk
money money money!!!
Our educational debt experts are finishing negotiated rule making with to help make policies on student loans!
Thanks!.. Which ones were yu feelin' so far?
You have to figure out game you want to play and go to it. Then you have to figure out a way to get in. That process is when things happen.
plzz follow my other account plzz i follow back(: thanxx(:
Hey, TV By the Numbers. CHOKE ON IT
is always hedging on a safe bet, walking a tightrope with a safety net
I am VERY proud of the Xtreme Fit Studio TEAM...!! You guys are rockin..it!!
awww that's so cute bless u, well makes everyone smile he's to cool x
today, yesterday ... RW bullies are getting their just desserts.
#TooMantWomen settle for less.
Welcome back! Study Away is excited about the new programs that we have to offer and we hope you're too. Be safe and have a great semester!
RT : Santorum gets out before awkward summer vest season begins.
Flipping between #DWTS and the #Brewers while painting. Did I miss Driver dancing? Score?
"I'm not hardcore enough for espresso." -me "Italians drink espresso." -
I know I am a little late to the party, but did you need help finding a brunch spot this morning?
well aware
Roger that!
When people say "how do you like my leftovers?" When you fuck there ex. Lol
Just touched down at JFK airport, gray skies, mean people, home sweet home
We are open all day Super Bowl Sunday! The game will be on, with sound! Come enjoy some fried chicken and honey mustard wings!
yeah it did tho. thanks
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding"....Seriously????!!! WTF! Hahahaha!
wth I'm not saying they suck either I'm just saying that people ride their dick too hard lol. I would take inter over them
On my way to kennywooD(:
RT : this will save you and yr students stress, plus by focusing on less yr students learn better
Chaka Khan just won custody of her granddaughter because mom and dad are druggies. You go, girl!
Love watching , but w/ Randy Jackson as guest I had to flip to Randy is one of most annoying 'dudes' on TV.
This kid in my grade thinks hes friken thomas edison and comments on everything!
RT : FELLAS!.. Be the man you want your daughter to bring home...
yes, would be positively scintillating in one of those! :)
Yo side of the bed by Trey Songz<U+2764>
When people rage on Facebook>>>> troll all day everyday
Go Blue!
yup. All the lights, power packs, stands, modifiers.
call me I need to ask you a question
Events in New Jersey - New York Times
great to see you too!! Pics will be up by the en of the week I hope!
haha. Music twins! I can't decide which I like more. They're both perfect.
To dissuade him from further efforts to drag my uncle into his net of crazy (he started cc-ing him). But also just for fun.
Where is King James you gotta be Kidding me. Mavs by 5 and the state of Texas going Nutz. LBJ now is ur time to shine.
3pm until close!
I'm getting ready to get my day started by answering questions..
Can't we all Kristin?! Oh the stories I could share!
Respect your imagination... Dreams do come
Perky nipples
Chubbs is a pansy... Give me #Spurs tickets
What types of accessories would YOU like to see Ashlei Shannon create next?!
Thank You and for your generous donation to the Make A Wish Foundation's charity auction. You're the best!
wow im really tired
Believe she did it. Think lesser included is strong possibility b/c 1st deg hard to prove here. But, I could argue either side.
This movie is weird...
Just keep hating. Just keep hating. Just keep hating hating hating! What do we do? We HATE we HATE!
dude don't say bri is a bitch!!!! She's not a bitch!
Thanks for posting the R-J link. Hope to see you in the 30th.
Counting calories sucks at first. I'm hungry still!
The MSAC is on the Hill today asking Congress to support the arts! Join the conversation with
WOW! just played Blister In The Sun by Violent Femmes while going to a commercial during the show.
very lame, last thing folks need are useless badges
When you are a mother, you are never really alone. A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child.Sophia Loren
tweet me when your home!
I was infected, education is very important !
It was the other guy. He started it. <big grin>
yep, can't always catch the whole show when I'm working & won't jump in unless i can. Hope u guys have a good day
here's to a great future! :)
Lana Del Ray = Mi-Sex, just with a much better graphics processing unit.
dibs, so we can cry together
Colorful Murals & Portraits Check out Lauran Childs and all her exciting artwork! story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Thanks hon, but there's no need. The world already hears enough of my hot air.
Good Morning ladies & gents ....
My anxiety dreams are of homes crashing down around me. Guess that means the house hunting is going well.
hey! lets get some Instagram going ;D on ig! see u there
Totally agree! Just funny hearing her learn it :)
i txted him to come meet me at the bus ramp and he surprised me :] he found me in 5 minutes! yayyy. <3 x] lmao
Why would you advertise a sold out show?
you're welcome
keeping our fingers crossed for japan, and probably the rest of asia at this time.
time to busta workout
I can tell you a boss ...I'm a boss ...I want to do boss issh with you
Makes it harder to complain when there IS a problem with the refs, too. :|
Steelers' job fair on Saturday - Beaver County Times
"So, you're saying there's a chance!"
When her fingers touch my skin, it's like lightning.It makes my nerves dance, and my stomach fly. When her lips touch mine,I get butterflies
Music Software – Computer Music Resources When choosing music software from the array of computer music resources available
A new day, A new start(:
One night b4 we were born, we went to the party with dad and left with mom! Lol Happy Mothers Day!
we got enough fake industry people do we need anymore?
Can't breathe. Time to finish this, Caps
Thanks for the great sponsorship and the very cool Social Media Marketing Program you teach! All good stuff.
ya you can go shave your back now
My moms so cute but when she's drunk and dosent stop talking lol I have no words I love her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
(02/02) re for you! No matter what!
Many empty seats in the Gaston Hall balcony as Newt Gingrich begins his speech
Love Fest here !! Glad you are having a good day Paul ! I was thinking about you and your Mom yesterday, a day of reflection 4 me
Actually, practicing with Ryan Hollins leads to waking up in a roadside ditch. Don't practice with Ryan Hollins. Get DirecTV.
Missing some NFL today......
What I learned today: Don't send company-wide emails to technology-illiterate people containing multiple acronyms.
Just got the Bird's Beak on the shelves in Ikon! Come check it out!
We clawed our way back! #letsdothisshit #BULLS 4TH QUARTER
OKAY I GOT ALL Y'ALL
At home and about to eat :)
Had to evacuate the building at work due to fire Alarm.
Apparently I suffer from hinsingers disease.
Each week flies by even faster now -- big girl time :) RT : Fridays have taken on a whole new meaning! #TGIF! :)
I want to go out to eat
well get one!
YOU'RE THE CUTEST THING I'VE EVER SEEN!!
ESM client Kelcie McCray/S is impressing the scouts w his range and speed at the practices during the All Star Classic here n Little Rock!
Thanks to everyone for making this a great Weekend at Brass Monkey Stallis and Milw! The party continues today with Jimmy & Eda at...
Just saw Band of Horses...great show.
I have so much homework, I might drown in it.
Thanks for the great event!
How are you feeling?
*grumble*Izturis*grumble*
: Leave it to David West and Larry Bird, the world will have to wait until next year for LeBeron to compete for a title.
promotion time follow
now using hashtags for tweets of our concert calendar for our #Bostonnewmusic, #Bostonopera and #Bostonholidayconcerts fans! Suggest others
yup you here? Lol
Fenway is amazing first time or 2 and you actually see the Green Monster. After that you begin to notice it's a dump
did Ricky pay off / reach an agreement on his debt to the dolphins?
Guess I'll rest today after 2 powerful shows thurs and friday. I think I' gonna walk around in my undies, t-shirt, and socks all day. Lol
": Always smile, make them regret ever hurting you."
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. -
Joy Carpenter
wow! Think of all the links that need changing!
I agree!! Wait... That does mean shes good lookin?!
your hair looks good! :D
I leave for Utah in exactly ONE week! Oh the excitement :)
Team shop had too much inventory printed.
Make every effort to never, ever use 5 Shades Templates inc - products do work nor does tech support. Pls RT so others won't lose $$
This my song
i meant I lol
Iknw cant wait bro
Looks like St. Thomas Aquinas anti-abortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
Well I'm officially moving out January 10 but I'll be in LA in August and December. We should grab coffee or lunch!
Just spent nite watching Lions/Browns w/ & - a tru experience. I feel smarter just soaking in the knowledge.
MAXIM with Awesome. What about royalities?
Who do you think you are? Running round leaving scars.. collecting your har of hearts and tearing love apart
": Would you rather be Zonnique or Babydoll best friend?" I Love Both But Babydoll !
Faith is the first to act...good job faith :)...Got you again
Whoa. & are reporting #JuniorSeau is dead.
If you had a dime in a Cayman Islands tax dodge for every time Mitt Romney lied, you be Mitt Romney.
your bomb either way ;)
happy birthday! Please wear your hot pants :)
Hi AJ thanks for the follow, I love Tampa, great sunsets.
Its Chris Browns birthday today...lol...happy bday to him!!!
RT : This is the war I’ll be involved in: We, as a society, are not doing enough to protect at-risk & motherless children:...
nothing like an ice cold cherry #coke :)
Email sent!
I hope today b an outrageously fun day!
mary anne doane: we should be suspicious of the language of immersion in scholarship: it's the lure of the industry itself
where are all the lil jimmys at i swear i just saw him walking with lmfao and thats the truth now tell me whats up
Working title of a subsection of my admin law final paper: Monsanto's Dumb Explanation. Going to be an interesting night.
Full day of work then hopping to AACC conference + a little WDW Magic! #finally #Springbreak... Well, a little break anyway.
Pizza King with Skinny!
Yeah, no.
Just discovered www.briterevolution.com. Very cool music site.
Thx and What a night! And the 9 foot grand piano never hurts:) blessings
Thinks someone is in need of a flogging!!
A great day 4 me n d small me n it's getn even better
Hope that's a good thing. RT 2 all my new follweres, Im going thru some trust issues. ur in a different league.
when are you headed out?
its going on about 2 weeks now. i think you might have heard it breeding in the trash can. ewwwww!
You can't be hungover... when you're still drunk!
wondering if my first pair of glasses is causing some slight vertigo/nausea? Everything is so crisp now though.
Absolutely, you can only hold your breath and wish for the best.
Didn't wash the dishes.. Now you can bitch me out all you want.
love it..."follow your gut in the moment" good choice!!
#Teacher Fun Friday! First person to upload a Spring photo on izzyshare gets a $5 Starbucks Gift Card! www.izzyshare.com GO! : )
even though Wed won't be as sunny...we'll get it back Fri-Sun. Such a nice change of pace to have mild Spring weather :D!
Jazz Vocalist Dara Tucker plays tonight(Aug 5th) in Nashville at F Scotts
COLD RUNNING THE YLT TICKET MARKET!
Morning twitter fam
Hey guys, ever hate things for no discernible reason? Me too.
Planning to attend the March 10-12. Anyone going? Would love to chat about product placement in highend online videos.
Idleness chafes and opportunity beckons.
brush with olive oil and bake with shallots, garlic, or pearl onions. Dust with parm. Cheese just before serving.
Who will have a better pro career Locker or Tebow?
#ThingsThatINeed a tanning bed.
Time of day affects your service demographics
No shit. My parents were all like "What's wrong with you?" and I was all, "Umm, I'm nine. So ..."
Hm....it's Tuesday, must be Easton. Wednesday it's Germany! JazzAhead look out!
#Bonding with your #baby is cool man.Life is about more than making $, still the choices men make are going to save the USA $
hangover 2 duh! Not bridesmaids
Well, that depends on what your definition of the word "is" is.
Jesse Thanks for the follow!
Admit it, you're a Duran Duran fan.
Never lie to a #Scorpio. We'll see it a mile away, and although we'd like to forget and avoid getting angry, we can't, and that's dangerous.
are you open today?
Wanted Noel more than Shabazz. Still plenty of talent on the board.
“: I need some jazz music to relax to...” put on some
I'm jealous that you guys are going to baseball games. Have fun!
doesnt have be wishful thinking
lol nothing is working
hahahahah I Have to admit, I havent met this side until today. Thank you for enlightening me! lol
well then you're a horrible human and judgement day won't be a pretty looking day for you.
Great idea! Let me know for next time so we can schedule in advance!
S/O to the Juniors! Good Luck!!
great! How's your day Zayn? :)
Yes...I'm not sure if anyone is doing it with architecture collections though.
there's no such thing as virgins anymore. Especially if they know who is.
They are great buildings...need to share story of how they meant as symbols of civic virtue and openness.
really enjoyed your story on Fun to watch him dominate 2nd team All Big 12 beast, Zach Hanson, in the Cotton Bowl.
oi. That sucks. I'm flying out to Albany tomorrow. Hate traveling!
MILEY IS THE ONLY QUEEN =] !!
It was a get-me-over cookie right down the chute. That ball should have been smoked somewhere, quite possibly over the fence.
went to southland while at UK. Good church. Maybe crossed paths?
Incubus is going back on tour. Incubus concert tickets in NY, Chicago, Mansfield, Toronto, Indianapolis go on sale Friday.
Richard Simmons at halftime show??
She was just so.....refreshing!
wee man jast dj blend
So I just sent a text and immediately got an auto response text back that threatened me lmfaooo!!!
Check me and out on NBC30, for our interview on Quinnipiac University's eco-friendly graduation gowns! Go green!
Happy Halloween! GO PHILLIES!
today's coolests: 'its constant surreal exhausted happiness'
wooaaww its very good idea... Er okay what are you doing this weekend
Unhappy texas fans
Life to u Love._:)
Germany, really?! Lucky you :D awful xD
Please send us an email for customer
So how come Syfy, is missing a "space show" are they planning on filming a new series, what's going on there..
Way to go and on your sxsw panel!
Thanks, found it! I was wondering about the #sschat combined with the
Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
who's picture is on the guitar ?
Oh that's ones going on Facebook and ima tag him ^.^ No BUENO ANEL THAT'S MEAN ^.^ FALL IN A hole
Only spent 1 night downtown and got enough free beer koozies to last the year
Going to bed, wondering how you feel about This Situation.
. interview being livetweeted at #digdia is a fascinating alt view of a well-documented born-digital #archives case study
How was yo Day
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?Lord Chesterfield
They've really improved since the one I owned as a boy in the 70s. Does it have sound effects?
If a girl gives you head its only right to return the favor;)
Thanks for the heads-up. I'll check on that. ^jh
Betty White is the only person Chuck Norris is afraid of
Today is like Friday to me. My weekend has started.
thank you sure do!!
“: Are the Saints trying to give this game away? A 5th turnover?!” agreed
I can leave in 20, if Plum is ready. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2>
Hahahaha!! RT : always interesting to see that a male escort started following you on twitter
Lottie's Lounge - home of the toastiest cocktails and coldest draft beer in Seattle!
I would get a sinus infection the week of prom.
left, injured, left for NYC.
Othadontist! Trying to decide what colors to get on my train tracks this time...
Just visited had a blast choosing a FUN look for my music video!! Thanks Alexis, Alex, Becky, Crystal, and Carolina!!
on Fremont has a large selection of #glutenfree beverages, for all of those PDXers w/ an allergy out there.
Don't miss this weekend's open house in Edina! See www.halfcosthome.com starting offer price 160k! That's 50% off market value!
Get yo ass to tonight!
Loves impromtu meetups with friends- esp when its 74 degrees! However, I may or may not be suffering a little this morning...
A very 2010 moment: deleting the Yale email account from my iPhone.
If you want to make a squeze don't forget to make a strong action steps
is it the end of Mel Gibson's career?
At least Peralta is lined up with him.
great point, coach. In the end, I think Jimmer will be able to keep a job in the league.
TODAY JUST NEEDS TO END.
My plan is to call thursday , if they dont call thursday .
do you watch Jersey Shore?!?
SERIOUSLY?!?!?! :O. OMG! I'm flattered! You've made me blush! I'm HONORED!!!! :D #YouMadeMyYEAR!!!
If I was playing Jeopardy against Watson,let's just say shots would have been fired,a warranty would be voided and I woulda won
My friend wants his recipes put up in a recipe blog. Any suggestions?: I was blown away tonight by ‘Billy’s turmeric tofu surprise’. ...
Trust me, I rocked with a 1979 stereo set in Patterson Projects in 91, because you once said Rock the house no matter what!
thank you for the follow.
What a great idea, this sounds like so much fun!
don't think it cam up at that forum. I have done 60 of them and I was told today by someone I missed about 10 LOL
Noel Levitzing my students right now.
RT : "There comes a time when silence is betrayal." ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
you like nicki minaj and mac miller oh ya and wiz khalifa now proceed to tell me what good music it is
Just booked my flight to visit daughter, son-in-law & granddaughter at Ft Wainwright, AK soon. It's been a year and I'm so excited!
Serving mailman realness today, tbh.
RT : You could have the best game in the world but you cant play this #Scorpio bitch
yeah and I have to make 3 more cakes -_-
WHAT A DAY ..... GOING HOME... READY FOR A NAP
why you hate kobe
: 34 until we soar!
I'm still in Hawaii, but email me and we can set something up when I get back.
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!!!!
everyone should learn about the wellness industry and how to transform from the pharmaceutical industry and get off of drugs
Tossing my Cloak of Quiet on every obnoxiously loud 2am drunk, motorcycle, hot rod muffler, rap song, train whistle and barking dog.
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf you don't take HER serious!
Too bad you can't bring them
I heard that poor got stuck out overnight. Sorry bud. Hope its nice and warm in the truck.
Day 1 at NYCDA was amazing!! Brought home some great awards. 3rd overall Ryan solo and 5th overall Ryan and Kelsey duet. Off to Day 2.. Work
SF entrepreneurs - come by open house tonight to meet Sam Yagan & talk startups cc
"No deaf for a day if no deaf for an hour"
love that you're coming back to TV...miss your show on Travel Channel!!!
please follow me! u are amazing i won't ever forget about u<3
There's no one to understand if everyone's dead.
Okay, I'm done ranting! Lmfao!
needs to see her bifflr cause he needs her.
whats good twitter
Hearing my lil cousin talkin bout n my 13 yr ole cousin said he is more of a fan.
Work today :-/
It would be awesome if you joined us , , ! We're also at each Tues & Wen, starting May 1 & 2.
You too!
We All Love When The Crew Is Together Because We Get To See All Of Our Secret Future Husband's Together <3 -Brooke
In reply to my obsessed reclusive nature of producing art my grandmother warns me that time creeps up on you quickly. Time and Zombies I say
Thank you God for your grace and mercy
Come out and see us at Crosspoint Venue in Lynchburg, Va this Friday!! #stoked RT! RT!
Jason, nothing but love and respect for you based on the encounters we've had. You're one of the good guys.
we all try! Thanks JR!
Hoe: "i just got a lot of guys friends".... Me: Nah bitch you a hoe.
Today's High Brour podcast? Tribute to Destiny's Child (re: singing Independent Woman for a half hour)
yessir. We will
5 pm on Friday! As much as I love my work, I must focus on family, dinner, and all that's planned for the weekend! Life is good!
Lebron is an oversized PG....idk why people think he's taking he last shot lol
awwwuh! you're so sweet!! That means a lot! and so are you! :)
I want OKC to win it all.
Thanks fr the #FF Chelsea!! <3
I'm being waterboarded by my own snot. delicious, right? fucking sinus drainage. bleeaaghh.
aye that song is soo hard.
This season is so good
finals comin up next week. good luck students!
#lsu the hat is living a charmed life. Lsu did not deserve to win
"Duck" Dunn, you will be missed. Thia man laid down a groove a mile wide!
I get to sleep in tomorrow :3
How did everyone enjoy their long weekend?
Looking forward to bowling with our friends at Business Bank of St. Louis at the Moolah tonite! #BeThere for fun and bowling!
Do you have your tickets yet? Opening day is just around the corner for #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition. Get them here:...
Today is National Wear Red Day, I'm not participating.
you're gorgeous! I would ship you with Zayn!(;
thanks for favoriting my blog post Barb!
nice seeing you today
Ahaa thank you :D
“: Oh hey, , that was probably the funniest thing of my life. #priceless”..OMG hahaha
YOU GUYS BETTER BE COMING TONIGHT!!!
It's fascinating how a paradigm shift like "No Food = No Need for Toothpicks" can really change the way you look at the world.
Nothing like pointing people to your post about Bullying affecting your family including your daughter to lose a crowd!!!
Relationships are like breathing air, it goes in and comes right back out.
(As for being grounded -- serves me right for spending all of my sailing time last yr singlehand racing instead of going for my jib rating)
your like Kumars big sister (:
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im gonna tell everyone how much i fuckin hate them and that next year i hope most of them drop out
Mike Brown's goin' to Sizzler! Mike Brown's goin' to Sizzler!
At Texas Roadhouse with my Wonder Twin.
I can not stress enough how much music plays a part in my life. I would not want to meet the Justin that had to go through life without it.
omnomnom indeed! Yum!
you may want to know that Scott Walker, WI Governor, is using Small Town as his intro music...
My body hates me and I didn't even drink last night. Driving to Hilton Head is torture.
Delicious Seattle secret. Go to Jolly Rogers in Ballard & get an oyster sandwich. Use the hot sauce. Thank me later.
But I would not downplay Shannon's thesis: Google inherits the idea that information is more important than meaning
RT : Full band at Club Cafe tonight. 7:00 start. After show we all go to Jack's for end of Pens game. Who's in?
Firehouse tonight! If I don't see you there, we are no longer friends! UFC kicks off tomorrow along with all your PAC10 games! FIREHOUSE!
jersey shore in italy?true?
hahahahha. I heard a movie is in the making....
Shucks, I inadvertently broke my no more coffee streak.
HOLY cow me too! Last time I understood something in here, K was Potassium, not concentration :D
First ever tofu dinner. Verdict: tofu is super weird.
Popsicles, Season Finale of #Shameless then
we gotta a boobie situation up in here!!! (.)(.)
RT : Going to put in for ALA Annual funding- because this is the year of Make It Happen, after all!
I am well. Hope you are too. Just busy with a 3-year-old and a 5-month-old. Life is never dull. Take care buddy.
i DISAGREE
I just need to be told where the pre gaming events will be happening.
Diageo is scaling back marketing in S. Europe's troubled economies, and has contingency plans should the continent's debt crisis worsen.
Thanks for convos this week!
What a nice day, working on something special stay tuned!
While getting ready this morning I was listening to dancing the dance and I made to year 3000. XD
Just past billboard for diet friendly fried pork rinds. Can't wait for the new healthy happy heroin to hit the streets.
Mayor addressing outdoor feeding programs (looking at it) and how to get rid of graffiti (remove it w/in 48 hrs)
#AnybodybutUnited Lets go Man City!! take the premiership,
I get to stand in the spotters box for the mini cup races today for WSRA. Not quite as cool as your vantage point.
your hair is FABBBBBBBB
Fuk u try to play me dawg
what a game!
LMAO!! RT there are so many unhappy men at Victoria's Secret...
We have had an amazing journey and hope you'll join us
picture of the build week on our website www.milwaukeehabitat.org
Pinterest and football ... not a bad night.
Justin should have won.
girlfriEND, boyfriEND, friEND, everything has an END except for family
Watching christmas vacation with the fam
you like white cars.
The trouble with ignorance is that it picks up confidence as it goes along.
Keeping a sleep schedule, though next to impossible in this business, really makes a difference in productivity
thank you for partying! What a show tonight! “: Thank u for some quality techno tonight!!”
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!!
Silent Night,holy night...Radiant beams from thy holy face,w/ the dawn of redeeming grace. Jesus, Lord, at thy birth!~ Happy Birthday Jesus!
I think working hard for something you want is so much better than having it handed to you because you treasure that much more.
RT : Once I stop giving a fuck about you, good luck getting that back.
hahaha never scare black people , funny shit ever
r u serious? Look what I replied to originally. I made a joke. No idea re documentary. Relax for christ's sake.
Gonna get funky with it for After Lunch this afternoon from 1 - 3 pm. Got some upbeat requests?
Whoever said Twitter is not beneficial obviously don't have any business smarts! I do some of my best networking on Twitter.
Well let's get him KNOWN #HermanCain!!!!!
some of my moms french toast sounds really good right about now
Not always sure how to "know" and not just"hope".
Conor, in Czech yet? RT : Just learned that Little Princes will be translated into its 12th language - Bulgarian!
"European mess will not resolve itself until the fundamental belief that we all deserve to be taken care of from cradle-to-grave dissolves."
Bad. Right now the admin is succeeding at killing coal.
Thought Experiment: Had Selena lived, would J-Lo today be a middle-aged Bronx stripper trying to convince people she used to be a "Flygirl"?
Weird Twitter graphic for TNT. Don't even know what that Shumpert tweet means.
40+ year old man talking shit to us on the empty metro car? #classy #typical #expected?
RT Do Republicans have a problem with the fact-based guidance provided by GPS navigation systems?
hahaha! I forgot about that!
Hey, Dan, let me know when you want to check back in with Mayor He's making waves with #AEP & more
Patience is the virtue
Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!!
STOP SPAMMING ME
H2O is the way to go! One of the simplest & most important things your can do for your health is drink water. Drink up!
Holy smokes! Was that Terrell Owens against the GB Packers circa 1998 wildcard playoffs?
Solo set at the Red Vic on Friday night at 7pm (1665 Haight Street, SF, CA 94117). I'm on at about 8:30. Hope to see you there!
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! <U+E32A>
thank you!
Thanks! That was the original plan, but must have a G+ account to enter the hangout. Guessing more HS students already have Skype.
It's 8:30 and it's still light outside
I may stream some Diablo 3 in an hour and a half, if I have the time. This is a heads-up in case anyone is remotely interested - url later.
And sucks even more cuz I'm fucking Diabetic! Omg
Don't forget patio opens at 10am for brunch tomorrow and Sunday!
Great Night...Then i came home.
It is an honor to follow you.
Me too! Lol RT : The day I stop using hair tools to iron my clothes I'm really going to feel like an adult
thanks for the shout out!
The kill put me on my pockets last night
has 3 social networking apps running at the same time. am i a complete loser?
Rondo just might be the best point guard in the league after DRose.
Check out the custom windows we made for the "Mushroom House" in Perinton, NY.
QB's should not be charged with interception when the ball comes out of their own player's arms
Ok I actually really like Boyfriend by Justin Bieber. Go ahead and judge.
Walking in the rain <<<<<
How many of you knew that the band FUN was originally knw as the format? None of you oh ok... -___-
Your particular brand of journalism reeks like Jack Kerouac pissed all over it after a night of eating bad asparagus.
RT : The #renown150 ambulance & vintage RNs visited Pleasant Valley Elementary School as part of reading week....
Baby genes lab was quite interesting. Apparently, I have a son and a daughter with blonde hair and hazel eyes B) haha
Hey, thanks! Glad you enjoyed.
Many inMex think we shouldnt amplify gruesome stories in site,they call it narcopropaganda.Which is the right balance?
Just watched the videos up on your site for the 21 day challenge. I so love what you are doing!! Is it too late to jump in? :)
Come check us out at the organizational fair at 5pm in the UC first floor! RT RT!
I took the hard way out, fortunately.
Digger Phelps criticizes #BBN for ruining college gameday for Vandy. Umm, Vandy fans had plenty of chances to to buy tickets.
I throw my middle finger up in the sky -Cobra Starship
The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself.
we are ahead right now so shut yo' mouth!
We took the championship boy!
Great analogy by , is building cities, is building homes and is building the bedrooms.
Preparation for the tournament begins today! The 2nd season has begun & everyone is 0-0.
which is never apparently!
do you have a link to audio montage of wash quotes you use on the air?
Thanks, man. Kinda retro–but why not bring back the animated GIF now and again, right?
that's so true!!:)
She finally met a man that's gonna put her first
Thanks Beckett, I had too many sports viewing options anyway. Masters, BC, Celtics and finally my NYRangers!
8:05 WIN Country Cash & qualify for the trip to Vegas for the ACM's where U party VIP style w/Urban, Dierks & Luke Bryan!
Librarian with glowing gadget(s) in their lap in session
Eager to see 2nite's premiere of "My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding" .. wonder if I should tweet behind the scenes insights?
It's the first day of summer! Is there any better way to spend it than this?
Just found out what #WMYB means... Smh.
Thanks to all the artists that work with us. Their great talents make this possible!
I was too! I kept thinking about how excited I was to see sequel and being disappointed
Prizes, food, great company! Why aren't you here?
No, not really lol
It's to early.. And rainy..
I find it funny how my colleagues at the STFM conference just joined Twitter and started following me.
no problem! It really made my day.
look jerk! I did good and when I went to cliftons I still didn't speak!
Tonight: 50 Cent says HAPPY HOLIDAY to the UNSIGNED ARTIST- $500 cash to hottest performance of the night! Club Pyramid, NYC. 18+, 8pm, $20
Hope everyone is having a great #longweekend!
stocked up on magnets + new photos with a lovely metallic finish from ready to make some fucking magnets! (#howdotheywork??)
Dinner next year in CHI?
U STILL DOWN?
I don't want the fat guy to die :(
Ate a whole lotta lamb, now it's waay down inside.
Whatever want my friend RT : I need more shirts. which shirt should I order?!
Hi Ken, what about your drums? Are you using 12" 13" and 16" ? Thanks
According to new update on "Today's conservative target date for the forums to come back is May 12th."
If u know y, u can overcome any how.
Bob Pearce pointing out aviation features that came from NASA: glass cockpits, winglets. Cramped seats reminiscent of Gemini
LI is so rarely logged-in to by their users, very little chance somebody will go there to search for an advisor.
Learned some valuable insights on last-min Vegas weddinging and Vegas in general, feel like we could get it truly perf next time but
Everyone please follow me on Twitter. I look forward to seeing you out on the road this summer.
Off to the move festival in albany ny!!! 1 oclock kick off baby!! #sh*tsgoindown
RT : Friends, check out one of the best guitars ive played, and one of the coolest sponsors!
Christina-Town...deadlier than Chinatown...sexier too! Jason-Town...funnier and lovier :-) yes I know everyone can read this...
That prank was almost as good as the class of 2010s....
Keep "praying" on Melo's downfall though hahahah
lol,, i haveent heard about the backsteet boys in along time
Tag March for Babies on Facebook, and have 10 friends like your status and you could win a Books & Books $25 gift certificate !
Yes! I got twitter on my Blackberry! Have an awesome day!!
Readn a book called thirst no.2! I saw brandon mychal smith yesaday bu i still love he is da best... ig2 control myself!!!!!
If I were to somehow see him tomorrow, Id no joke commit murder.
And shrink my head size too.. I'll get a half sleeve but not a full one
How far you wanting to go?
Last day at Van Cort!
I miss that show Dragon Tales, lol.
its still possible although he is apparently doing an in home visit with Shaq Thompson today
Mall with daddy. :)
at least 29 hours
No but seriously, I would give anything to be in the movie Catching fire...like my arm even....not my dominant one tho. #ughh :'(
I know. It should have been Carl and his stupid Sheriff hat. :)
thank ya sir
your ticket came in the mail yesterday. All good
I haven't really been on here in awhile haha
Wow! Colton took the show 2nite!
#TeamBlake IS GONNA WIN LETS GO BLAKE LETS GO
So many
Damn its cold in Cle!
#oar rocking 9:30 club with = HAPPY
Billy, you have great foot work, hitting the break and gas
Jason Moran was great @ penn tonight talking about his collaborations
thanks for the recommendation!
Nice line Caro! Even though it's from that stroke bag Cassius.
2 Fat Bettys, but still about 800 Drapers, Peggys, Joans, Rogers and Petes. Plenty of room for all in the Twitterverse.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites. Come follow us!
the #brewers are taking batting practice to
Per by 2022 minority will be the majority in the workplace
Come on OUT Tonight & SAVE. most items 60% OFF, Open until 10PM!
& ,they are the king & queen of words & melody. Their songs are timeless.
#newsroom looks effing good! Way to go #hbo!
Watched replay of #SoccerNightinAmerica yesterday. crowd was amazing. Who says U.S. has no soccer spirit?
Cool at the coast, 60s & 70s with some clouds. Enjoy it cause it's going to get hot and humid inland through Friday - really hot (90s-100)!
hahaha that'd be so fucked up. Hey can you show me all your lesson plan building stuff..
Its been interesting. And hostile. Night y'all.
thanks for the RTs! We've had lots of customers asking about the tool lately
Great now I can't sleep.
When fishing today, but I didn't catch anything. Got some stronger line, and I'm gonna try again tomorrow.
Its nice out
What is the link?
windy girl!!!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me, I WON'T GIVE UP
I think selena ment you r perfect the way you r
Actually, no, I can not recommend anything but in-person PMI-ACP training
Damn it feels good to get things finished.
Something big about to happen in miami for all business venture follow dynamicsexpo twitter page for more info on vending and tickets
First Alanis Morrissette is on Happy Endings. Now on DWTS. ABC own her?
ok so my phone hasn't been sending my tweets... That sucks... oh well.. day is almost over... so is my birthday...
Hang in . Be your best regardless of others.
where else can we keep in touch? i'm feeling so... limited by just two networks.
after a long time i finally found myself <U+2665> nd i wouldnt change a thing.
Starting the scavenger hunt
They are #PartyRocking at Marlins Park. I'm drinking beers and
if T.G.I.F means "thank goodness it's Friday" Does S.H.I.T mean "So happy it's Tuesday"? this is funny
someone that makes sacrifices for you and loves being around you and your company! Thats my perfect mate!
Lets go Lakers!!!
10 tickets left for Friday evening. Come get 'em!
Indeed his show is enough better today than it was in '97 (when I mentally filed it under "loathe") to be worth bearing
I hear ya on that. Going to get my happy humpnight on soon!
Comparing how many nick cage movies we've seen @ my office. I'm in 4th w/ 16- need to up my game.
Yeah, yeah, the penguin got hungry, we had to go fishing. Man, polar bears are vicious!
Watching clips from
Thanks bro!
I don't need your pity, god damn it. Stop feeling bad for me. It's not like I'm dying.
I just heard a caller say the same thing. Now fans are complaing that we are getting all the calls, smh.
DAMN I'm only able to cover the Red Carpet, THAT would be #HOT!! Still can't wait.
Sparks Health System announced the promotion of Richard Boone to CFO.
Public access has become a big discussion topic in my dept. Some try to publish only open access but it's really tough going
“Recognize it, admit it, learn from it, and forget it.” - Dean Smith
Commitment leads to action. Action brings your dream closer. - Marcia Wieder
"Journey to the Mysterious Island" has to be the frontrunner for movie of the year. Best Dwayne Rock performance since "Be Cool."
Best kind of problems to have. RT : Got sand in my ears.
sorry, bud. feel better.
At this point this #padres team is just comical
What is Red White and Blue has 22 legs, 11 heads and 2 arms? A nightmarish monster for the rest of the world.
Lol because its gettin old to me.... time for a change
Delts will be destroyed! With that being said, live long and prosper. Peace!
No! “: The Panthers take Luke Kuechly with the No. 9 pick.”
Life's greatest treasures are not gold, nor jewels, nor works of art. They can not be held in your hands, they are held within your heart.
Thanks for sharing!
Where shady at ? Yall on here
Who gets the first Ring? King Henrik or King James?
Decision time.....most of us know there are things we need to change. Why are you waiting? Onward & Upward!
*ATTENTION!!!* My phone keeps buzzing because is being silly & keeps tweeting *buzz*. The teacher is dogging me tweeting lol.
I'm at the ssisd attmination office?.-.
arielleford Thanks for following...
"RSS feeds are NOT sexy!"-
I will never be too old for Disney.
of course and enjoy some great
Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it! - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Wanted to reach out. Angelo and I sang at Merge a few years back...just want to let you know I am releasing my 1st solo CD...
*walks to piano*
thank god i have no dick.. You Chode head
Tip Of The Week:When going through airport customs and you are asked "do you have any firearms with you?" do not reply "what do you need?
I'm
“: Dats wats up only been dea once!”where u from
Welcome aboard Becky! RT Welcome Becky Kolar to the Search Marketing team Team Honey Badger is growing!”
I took some sense and made a nickel of it ... -AG
Truth is so hard to tell, it sometimes needs fiction to make it plausible. - Francis Bacon
Shout out to the wife in Boston 2day College and preaching 2morrow Baptist Church, Boston
I share my 42nd birthday with President Obama & First Lady Michelle Obama! Happy 19th Wedding Anniversary & many more!!
“ But I aint no sore loser I'm a just shake dat off nd put it behind me”
....ah yes, the game
Nice #banjo work! Sounds great!
Oh God! It is freezing out here!
Bitch I got you those pictures n I can delete them to soo remeber that
Hey sumi. Do you have some magical connection to get the D3 collectors edition? Freaking site canceled bf's preorder.
Already thinking about how uncomfortable these wedges I'm wearing to work today are gonna be
haha where i live its so boring!
get ready for a whole lot of fangirling, yelling, and singing tonight :)
Roughly 1.5 months of class left, thank God
Got big plans for this year for every part of my life. Getting back to the grind tomorrow.
Is there anyone on the planet who more people would like to punch square on their dimpled chin than Tom Brady?
I just booked a Nickelodeon commercial! God is always on time!!
. Working to give kids the time they need to succeed!
Tomorrow in the conference room, will also be selling Senior class shirts and Homecoming shirts. Stop by and purchase!!
Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Wild as the dead rising.
A lean marketing revolution - is still #10 in Germany, #13 in Australia, # 1 in Italy, # 25 in USA. Thank you to all who read LMR -
Gave my mommy a gift card so she could download more books to her Nook and what does she want me to download for her? 50 Shades of Grey
Kudos to Ron & team I described friend & asked: who would be his fav driver. They said def. Dale Earnhardt, Jr. (& were right!)
With succession going to son Kim Jong Un, are those fabulous sunglasses part of the deal?
nothing yet
SEAS Boasts Advising Based On Classwork, Cake, and Nerdy Camaraderie - Harvard Crimson
Thanks for the shout out, Ennis! Hope to read more from you soon and maybe see you around the CB office
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!116
Ebanks learned a lot from Bynum, World Peace and Barnes
srsly howsit not gettin more attention? seems like a good time for Zero Cool to step in
Happy Birthday :) <3 Love ya
Hit Like if you're on track to hit your water goal today!
more cigarettes. then pizza rolls.
David Mitchell is such a winner at playing a creepy loser in The Peep Show.
West Vi vocational school was shut down after traces of meth were found in the building during investigation of principal and teacher.
Falling off is easy! Grinding back to tha top is hard ball.
Nice Try! But an E-2C Hawkeye is not a jet. And you do not have the documents, but you tried, so good on you!
I wish my face would like Lancome =( Its used 2 Estee Lauder but I need to use up all these Lancome products I have and my face dont like it
With CS6, Adobe tidies up Premiere Pro, speeds up After Effects: Upcoming CS6 versions of Adobe's flagship video software change sign...
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow. ~ Philip Gulley
Was looking through your Pinterest boards, Love, love, love them. So many interesting things! (media board was 1 of my faves)
Make sure to remind him about this when you're old and incontinent.
no im not call me i just dont be on twitter much
umm i think that Tyler W. Said something about going to your house
Wrk is going swell if u ask me # 4 day week for me
I need a fuckin job <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
oh because that happened to me 2 ...:(
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day in the neighborhood.... Would you be mine....
K-state, I don't always root for you, but when I do, it's against Texas schools. Beat Baylor for crying out loud!
#10FactsAboutMe I am getting married soon. (yay!)
... used by some here in Ed. (PK12) where students pay to use it & interface = very clunky. Assessments/Eval = TBD. No unzip=bo
that was one time! haha. and awww, la ju too. also, sexy new profile pic. sexxaaayyyyyy!
— this week's Mad Men/Community crossover. Ah, Chinese checkers!
We're surprised BMED isn't on there too.
will carry this team to the promise land
Beautiful quote
thank YOU! I run own software company now but 27 yrs ago was playing Ultima IV on my Apple ][ and teaching myself 6502 asm
does anyone out there besides me believe in soulmates?
": #SomethingYouShouldKnow Dont call me a Hoe cause i rejected you or i told you off."
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
don't. Ever. Leave. The. Airport. Wtf..... Stuck on the Tarmac for four hours now.
She's the fucking best
you say to never say never, so I'm NEVER,EVER,EVER, gonna stop trying to get you to follow me <3
Baseball is here, finally.
Spice up those Spring bathing suits with a golden, sun-kissed glow! Call us to find out about tanning packages!
The voluptuous horror of Karen Black?
mr munch is a badass. Case closed.
awwwweeeeee! they are adoreable! and they really do grow up really fast! ;) hahahaha. oh! and I made up with Jake...
I THINK I CAN!
Hi Lars -- great to connect with you!
Waiting for the #rtw vote in the Indy statehouse w
Well I'm a fan of the sport and individual players above all else. Devils-Flyers should be great. Hoping for some drama!
cup predictions please. hoping for the Bruins but I think they are a big dog. not sure they can they get it done
#BitchesBeCrazy ": Did this bitch really just say "I don't read books" then pop a cheeto in her fat ass mouth?! Smdh #damnshame"
": It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult"
the side gather is really cute, but there is something about the sleeves/neckline I'm not sure about.
lost you in the crowd after the show. You had me dying in the back! Great to meet you, enjoy your Sundays!
#sdmayornp Dumanis % is ok. Filner bigger % says DeMaio just gave tax $ to private business & corps. Art s/b public.
Shout out to
instagram name ~ horangang ~ such a G name nobody but me could make it have so much swag LOL JK
Ugh. Try to forget about it. The nasty is, unfortunately, what lingers most. He deserves not a whit more of your attn.
put your hands through my hair & kiss me like you mean it.
I'm sure it will be. Their match in PWG was awesome.
I have two chargers, though, and neither works.
yes I heard it starts up sometimes...
I agree!! RT Rodriguez needs to get plunked next time up.
What do you think I am, my former self's pimp?
Wassup tweet matez follow rite now for the new mixtape exclusive mixtape letz get to 7OOk we can do it
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! THANKS!! YOUR AMAZING <3 UR MUSIC!!!
I hate the term, but he is the epitome of "steeler football".
really? i didnt know?! sneaker heads make me richer lol :)
Good morning and happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Bored out of my mind i cant wait till my only #1 come home
I took a leap and filled out the 2012 singles survey. I need some marketing ;)
This is crucial. I always find myself eating alone nowadays.
hey.... ive got to shoe you this kid....on youtube. XP
The only reason why you got her cause I dropped her ass, you the only dumbass still around or she be in my bed everynight lol
I dont know about everyone else but i sure think that #18 jersey would look good in blue and orange
Would like to thank all of our Music Educator friends in New York for visiting this past weekend at NYSMA, it was great to see you again.
very true
In teenager "Shhh the baby's sleeping" translates to "Be as loud as possible so mom can kill us"
Localization or Globalization? You need to globalize your company, but localize your products.
In other news, I think I need about 3 pots of coffee to wake the hell up. Does anyone (besides the abomination that is Starbucks) deliver?
Rice GSA team is participating in Relay For Life with the Texas Medical Center to raise money for the American Cancer Society.
Let's go CU Buffs!
I love that white chicks think they're the shit just cus they can rap a nicki minaj verse. Lol no.
aww thx. I will hit the printing presses
Great addition to your profile. You are really good at the Easel!
That was HILARIOUS.
a little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!
and ... thanks for visiting our place!!
i love you and guess what ?!
I do NOT recommend Mi Cocina in The Woodlands!
I wonder why I'm tired...
Only by 3 years :3, but Idk, just my nature is it, part of it is probably due to my not model looks :3
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe not to fuck with fake ass bitches
When guys are too scared to ask you out.(:
yay! it's snowing!
hurt my ankle. Yus, reason to not go to school tomorrow.
Laundry? Emergency tampon & pad run in the middle of the night, ftw.
about to go to jiu jitsu class. can't wait.
don't worry about it. You have the grammar Nazi to help you
excited to have you on the program. Helping us make a bigger impact!
If We Dare to Dream is captivating! delivers an emotional roller coaster ride of love, anger, guilt & suspense. Addictive!
That sounds more like a lyric...
Stick with 'em. If Peyton is healthy they'll be great ... Buh-bye, Broncos. If you don't have Timmy, you have nothing to offer me.
“No bailouts, no handouts, and no copouts”
I ain't in this to play no dam games
Tyler Fernandez was arrested early this morning and is suspected in a rash of residential burglaries on Green Bay's west side, police say
#dhtrial jury women openly laughing in the hall. Pacing with more relaxed energy.
Just scored a second-hand copy of 'A Naked Singularity' by Sergio De Pava. Getting scarce, but to be reissued in May by
Sorry for the delayed response. Ideally we are looking for local folks but are open to anyone who would relo themselves
BUT monday is my night to get drunk w/ my workshop. it is the entire point of grad school! i'll go next year...
... People buying their forensic certifications online from fake colleges, etc. Scary shit.
Hope you have fun =)
Just had an extremely positive airline customer service experience. I feel terrified. WHAT WICKED ENDS DO YOU HAVE, KIND HELPFUL PERSON?!?!
A Greek Bank Rush? Show'em Jimmy Stewart in It's a Wonderful Life (or are we already at Belushi in Animal House?).
I did straight
Just worked a 5 to 2 . Thanks for ruining my day Mcdonalds<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm a life-long pacifist, hate that we send people to fight, but Medal of Honor recipient Sal Giunta's story on 60 Minutes was moving.
Rhymed. :O
no what does it say?:O
thanks so much, amy! We know you will love artic questions :-)
I know! It's strange that he seemed surprised an English teacher made the flipped classroom work.
nice!!!! Congrats!
I'll bet you feel like you just ate a cookie after that. ;)
I hate when people barely say shit to you in person then wanna text you later tryna conversate..
Students sharing the Gospel today are this generation's church, not the next generation's church.
Biggs, what kind of acting training did you have before you got into movies?
IF ONLY MY STUPID COUSIN WOULD STFU
do you think I could beat Gutz with his comic book/misc comic stuff collection?
“: Is there a way that I can set the vacation responder on my email to a fart noise?” Have you tried to attach a .wav file?
Happiness is not to always do what you want, and to always want what you do.
no u better!!
Tip to reduce weight: Turn your head to the left and then turn it to the right. Repeat exercise when offered something to eat.
Thank you so much!<U+2665> :]
Batman is the King of Bats! Ask the Joker.
Just arrived by bike at Canal St Coffee for a sunny afternoon of al fresco work on the patio by the ship canal.
Mary Payne has joined Reed Smith's Washington, D.C. office's securities regulatory group. Ms. Payne left Sutherland Asbill.
Does size matter?
actually that's a good point… it's weird though that the system didn't let me buy 2 at once since they weren't "together"?
Warning: when I'm this tired I'm super emotional and I will throw tantrums if you piss me off.
The spanish Aragon white wine (2010) is aptly named Bitch - it is a serious Bitch to my taste buds
Sara Bareilles is playing in Nashville today? I must get tix.
filling my pinata with prego and wet noodles.
Capps Lecture tonight with Terry Tempest Williams, 7 pm. Royal Ballroom
Freddy Garcia gives great
Come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale April 21 for bargains & fun. San Diego 92103.
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 14
u still going later
good lookin out !!!!
time for another crazy night!
Looking forward to Tonight's rehearsal....funny footage ahead!!
Forget the risk and take the fall, if it's what you want, then it's worth it all ;) x
Soon I'll have the world talking like "who is this guy?!" In a good way! I'm that dude u wish u never done wrong too or had doubts towards:)
The greatest pain that comes from love is loving someone you can never have.
Me to (; it's sexy and very true probably.
Along with a strong belief in your own inner voice, you also need laser-like focus combined with unwavering determination. - Larry Flynt
Every day seems to get better and better in 2012. Life and business is great right now.
Hey awesome job last night! Did you always know you could sing like Valli or is it something you just discovered?
Don't even get me started on Google Reader's "Browse for Stuff" or Chrome's "Personal Stuff."
“ Never fake who you are. Someone will like you for being yourself.!!”
Anyone hitting for Harpoon #pcbe event tonight?
Tthere's love relationships, there's sex relationships and then there's the band. - Ann Wilson
Scholars' Lab bloggers & fellows have chosen to darken their research sites today in solidarity with #SOPA & #PIPA protests.
Looking forward to it. We appreciate what you do as is!
"One thing conservatives do that drive independents away: we say things that are not credible" - Ryan Adams, the Leadership Institute
We really enjoy looking at the history and evolution in music.
I'm so ready for formal.
Checking your phone to see what time it is and checking it again because the first time you weren't paying attention
Awww I think all boyfriends tend to be jealous these days :P I just hope mine didn't see that tweet (:
I guess not...I barely recognized her though. I was shocked.
you can check out our link on our profile or just goto www.gametime-athletics.com
What to wear for a night of gambling, heavy drinking, and general disregard for money?
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
There's no way to express my anger... I doubt I'll know happiness again... It's gonna take years of sacrifice and suffering..
She Only Wanna Talk 2 Me Once She Hears That The Other "She" Has Talked 2 Me.
How you treat the creation reflects how you feel about the Creator.
is publishing inspirational book "True Thoughts From Up Above." It will be out in Oct. on Lulu.com, amazon.com, & barnesnoble.com
The Government & Nonprofit EXPO is today! 10:00AM - 3:00PM in the GU Hotel & Conference Center! Don't forget your GOCards & Resumes!
Uh oh. What page are you on, and what device & browser?
TodaysMeet.com is great to get quieter students to contribute. My students love it and it makes me feel very tech savvy!
good morning :)
would love to talk to you on our morning news tomorrow about the President's announcement!
Isn't that ironic?
I have a questin do you rember me from fb we used to talk all the time?? Lexie ring a bell?
thank you babe :)
Many believe that our nomenclature #omla signals we are protesting against #mla12. Is not the naming convention: activity-location?
'i love my twitter!' (rollin)
not lame! it'll be relaxing but still be lots of fun cuz we'd get to chill & hang out rather than running around everywhere lol
Im soo sorry about Angel)': shes in a better place now and she knows you and your mom LOVE her<3 R.I.P Angel<3 5/3/12 <3<3<3
"Sorry, no refunds in cases of 'the vapors' or sudden unconsciousness."
who said that? I cannot see anything!!
RT : #rptree will give to United Way in your name & you'll get a spot on rptree.com - RT now!
Actually Ivy Blue sounds like a cocktail...
You can crash here hahaha
Cool! Good show... I worked on it before the holidays--looking forward to the new season! :)
eye lash glue smells like donkey ass
I wrap the toilet bowl in plastic wrap. 3hrs later while droppin a deuce I remember what I done.
But you just used words...
You're right. Which means that I finally need to give this parrot a name.
ooh, fun! We're going to clean up and post our materials over the next few days. Let's compare notes/sketches.
SO SICK OF THESE THIEVING BYCHTES AND NIGGAS. Get ya own style and STOP BITING MY SHIT! Can a bitch have nething original?
love Torres too. Thanks for the answer. Hopeful of seeing the big team make progress!
Hey wanna perform on Fancy Schmancy at Bar Lubitsch on June 1st with JORDAN RUBIN, ALI WONG, and ROB O'REILLY?
Travis also said the B word yesterday in rehearsal
RT : The sadness is coming from INSIDE the Oreos!
thanks for the mentions guys! Will share the feedback on the recipes!
Three leader ?s What would my replacement do? What would a great leader do? What story do I want to tell?
We are excited for tonights 1st of Krochet Kids International concert series in OC! Be there!
GRADUATION PARTY! (We need a dude to show up with a briefcase filled with alarm clocks)
#aacu11 has provided an interactive platform for sharing best practices of components & cohesive strategies of int'l ed at US
I got to campus at 9 am. It took me 39 minutes to park.
Hey Fellas.. If a Chick say's "Money makes her Coochie stay Wet" ..she's a Stripper!
the only game that they have a chance would be all stars
i like to be anything you want <3 -boyfriend .
True. I'm a fan.
I love how my family decides to go to HEB without telling me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
On route to the windy city to attend a basketball clinic with super-coach Don Kelbick! So excited! My very first official business trip...
moving tomorrow.... what joy for a weekend..!!!
Stupid fucking hoe, call me a stupid bitch again. I'll fucking make you wish you were never born.
15 yard penalty for hitting too hard. NFL rules are a joke.
Love going shopping my mom... She likes what I like so I can dress her like a lil mini me... :)
Ray Angry and Greg Hutch setting up on stage @ Bamboo!!! Bout ya gettit IN
apparently EBSCO acronym stands for Elton B Stephens Co?
him and the cheese, Travis Henry...best duo ever
Welcome to #Milwaukee Monta Ellis!
Created slide shoe in go animate. I like animoto better
Ya'll better show Mother Nature some love on Mother's Day so she can stop making it rain on us.
The Top Contest in America THE EROTIC CHALLENGE check it out
She is really great. Check out the music video for "Cruel"; guitar solo in the trunk of a car ftw
Top Chef Canada: Episode Six - LifeStyler
#ItsAwkwardWhen someone asks you a question that you don't want to answer
I'm excited to try the Brooks. They didn't have my size, so I'm waiting on a deliver from Brookfield to the Shorewood store.
Don't forget about former Buckeye Nick Swisher in the American League.
Video shoot in the City tomorrow...Cookies!!
Another day
Poor Brian): They need to leave you alone!
Big hearing in Madison today about city of Milwaukee residency requirement for employees. Mayor and other leaders expected to testify.
We had a 28'er my 2nd year when Coach Brown said he'd quit.
She left a week to roam, your protector's coming home
Sometimes we just have to deal with what life throws our way, even if we don't like it!
#Glee marathon. Loving life today :)
Question: What age would you cut off driving??
Just saw #Synectic Theater's TAMING OF THE SHREW here in DC. No dialogue. All dance. Super-energetic, hugely fun to watch.
hey Nick!
I believe so I haven't talked to gin
Brown or white bread? lol
I'm driving around like a boss
It takes a lot to capture my attention.
srry the reason why i said brb was because my laptop battery was low so it's on the charger now i got to be on my DSIxL !
Terrible, awful, rotten, no good, very bad day.
Even if my man broke my heart today no matter how much pain I'm in I will be okay, cause I got a man in my life that cant be replaced
I gotta make sure I don't work tomorrow
Kmsl this hoe hit she better stop playing with Yung fa she get spit on
kills his deer by hand! nice perfect form neck brake!
what's wrong with your husband tonight ?
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL <3
he was a good guy!
Getting ready to party with RTP productions, then off to Club Georgia Peach to party wit Big Mario and Wasupnatl>>>>yes sir!
gotcha. If I come in the afternoon of the 14th, could we talk specifics about big project we're doing? I'll buy you a drink :)
It Wont Be Soon Before Long is my favourite Maroon 5 album, although its not their best work, I still love it
Listening to mad old music
Michael Johnson shares the 5 credibility factors that matter at work
because it won't even work on my phone it works on my iPod but no were elce
ok. Cool but I still kinda don't know who u are. Ur pic is all pink and purple so I can't see Ur face
A Carl's Jr. opened up near my house. Apparently it's an out-of-state fast food chain.
I don't have $750 to have my friend introduce us; I'll guess I'll just have to hunt you down at the Viper on the 28th ;-)
Seriously trying my hardest not to tweet everything that's on my mind right now.
Thank you for connecting!
Today like a dream bgt deh.
Stephanie McMahon is trending! would be proud =)
AH. Presales are right now! I may not make it to this concert. :(
GOOD FOR TONIGHT ONLY!!! Come into the Carol Stream Location, show your HIGH SCHOOL ID and receive $1 off admission!
My 30 min nap turned into 3 hours and I wake up to see the Magic lost to the 4-31 Bobcats? GOOD JOB.
Why are you adding an extra letter to "you" on top of spelling it wrong? It looks ridiculous.
Here for roll call hun.... :) thanks for all you do
my mother is quite the chatterbox. i'm all nasty and sweaty like.
starting next round, the nlcs wil still be on tbs and the alcs will be on fox. world series on fox too.
It's almost time for the Knicks standoff. No matter what happens its been a fun ride fellow die hards. Oh and good morning.
love this show
Tonight is the night VA BEACH! Come out to COZUMELS, let's do this.
To all the lovely folks asking, my injury occurred while wearing my LNJF shirt, so that's ruined :( I'd take a picture, but it's gross.
I must agree that this was a poor comparison.
It really made me laugh. And thank you :)
free movie tickets for you. Haha
Thanks for the RT Deanna. Happy Friday!
HECK YES WE CAN.
From yur last tweet, guess we know where your going tonight. Shheeesh! : )
MY back KILLING!.
It is about that time for you to come in and check us out 6320 Winchester Road
Catch My Words: #GBE2 : Parody
Okay man see ya
We have a chance to multiply all gifts 7.5 times for kids & families in Uganda, Liberia & Uzbekistan. (www.medicalteams.org) RT pls
Starting right now, just like every Sunday night at 8 pm CST -
and Happy Valentine's Day to you & SUCH a cute couple!!
something tells me this involves boobies tell she might wanna watch black state of union
What happens at the Summer Social stays at the Summer Social . . .
Thanks for following both and LOVE the color scheme for your club. Very similar to us. :D
I am from New Hampshire and we just made the Gay Marriage legal (and this is a very conservative state). Prop 8 seems untimely and useless
"All of Me" is a film containing some of the best physical comedy and a catchy tune that makes me think of Kreeft's mother.
what happens on the edit board, stays on the edit board.
As I sit here reflecting on r early performances, I like r gds' toughness. Our bigs showed flashes. We r competing, just need more time2gthr
#sxsw misses you
I got my eyes on the prize on June and July! BOOM!
life's a #beach!
Congrats to the Colorado Rapids for winning their first MLS cup.
Happy Easter AUSTIN!!!!!! i love ya follow me plzz
On March 27 we will be having a mixer! Everyone is welcome, #PR students or not! More details to come.
“: Almost Forgot how good the 1st season of Sons of Anarchy is.” so true
Totally not cool when the time jumps from 6:14 to 8:14. Just landed in NY
St Joseph's vs. Villanova tonight at 8:00pm. The game will be played on St Joseph's campus for the first time ever in 4,200 seat Hagan Arena
Scarfed down some garlic bread, and waiting for our authentic Chicago deep dish pizza :)
I may have to!
I'm extremely interested to see resolution of #IUBB #UK series. I don't see Crean (home and home) or Cal (neutral site) budging on stance
That. Sucks. Truely.
love you babygirl! <U+2764> text me if you need me :)
Glad you dug it!
I dont really like the one with tho
When you point your finger at someone, three fingers are pointing back at you. -Childish P.S How was that, Mr. Mature?
Fellowship of the Ring looks great and sounds AMAZING on blu-ray with a good sound system. Can't wait for 12-18-12 to watch The Two Towers
coast to coast HIGH FIVE!!!
Artest is mad 1) another team got the Mobb Deep promo, 2) about the "rock you in your face, stab your brain with your nose bone" bit.
In the past 2 weeks, I've heard 3 leading UX experts mention the zombie apocalypse. Do you have a zombie preparedness plan? I do.
I haven't read it yet. I had heard about it but forgot till you posted this. Have you read it?
What did I ever do to piss you off?
I agree bro. That's kinda u kno what lol
Uh-oh. Ha ha. Was I the company and/or dead? How was the event? Wish I could have made it.
Fa realz. Batman's got rough days, nahmsain?
Hey you! WHATCHA DOIN' THIS WEEKEND, LOS ANGELES!???? :D
Right?!? Her Mother's Day gift is coming from the Dollar Tree.
i saw my future secretary in my sleep
Mom, you gave me life then taught me how to live it. Thanks for all these years of guidance, support and love.
What is wrong with these children of our future
It's Thursday Gold time! $6 Georgia Golds w/ purchase of an adult beverage - yay, what a deal!
Keeping up with Mercedes Benz Fashion Week Fall 2012? Tell us some of your fave looks for Fall 12!!!
Anderson Cooper just announced the death of the flip cam. Twitter trends now has: RIP Flip.
Hungry For More! When sloppy secondz is a good thing!
Mitchell Johnson: &quot;Are You Going With Me?&quot; - Huffington Post (blog)
I was on my "I don't follow n*ggas that look like price sh*t)
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: "I don't care that your dad is racist", her dad's ear collection, a short list of Asian men.
I don't speak german, but I can if you like. ;)
RT : #Aries are very stubborn, even if they know they are wrong they want to be told that they are right.
I am getting to the point in my life where when people who know me misspell my name, I don't even know what to say anymore.
Knifemaking Tuesdays Week 20 - bearing pockets detent and lockup - drill bits set
does anyone read my tweets anymore? x
Yankees vs Red Sox on my sons 8-10 yr old minors. Even @ this level it Still feels like an old Rivalry. May historical stats prevail!
Same boat. Not great coffee, but good enough to make a statement.
That show is a guilty pleasure for sure
lol sad part is it doesn't get any better with Clyde. I want Jeff Van Gundy. Clyde only has negative to talk about the Knicks
Congrats! “: Proud to be recognized here at #amasummit for the #amaiowa's membership and programming chapter excellence awards.”
I won't be there :'(
Ice Cube, Hank Shocklee &amp; Sir Jinx Rundown AmeriKKKa&#39;s Most ...
Isn't it funny how last year we wanted to stay up late to be all "cool" and this years it's like...forget that I'm going to sleep! #night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Sounds interesting. Might be worth watching if nothing else is going on.
xoxo will do! Owe you a birthday meal :)
NEW DAY, NEW LIFE, NEW OPPORTUNITY!!!!!!!
Ok, heels, today you have bested me. I'll make it through a full work day eventually though.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder
hilarious. And wow, does the SEC actually have a conscience?
Dave's remodeled his 30th St Cafe (3600 block); more space, menu & tasty rosemary potatoes /lattes, bkfast & lunch items. Viva North Park
is that a rock and roll singing group?
RT : Girls that seems or acts strong are the most sensitive of them all.
Bean needs some gratitude in her attitude.
I hate the snow
You could sit on your patio today OR you could come to ours and we'll wait on you hand and foot!
I guess it's better then trying to hit 440 foot bombs every at bat.
RT : Congratulations on creating a new generation of human resource conversations. LOVE it!
Think of all the beauty thats still left in and around you and be happy!. * Anne Frank
Coming up on Sunrise, calling hours for Capt. Bruce Clark will be held today and a RPD Sgt. shot while on duty returns to work.
If I have to leave this world, I want to go out Nicolas Cage Leaving Las Vegas style.
I'm pretty sure War of the Worlds got its sound effects from the construction on my street
Yes! RT : "Zero correlation between the person with the best ideas and the loudest talker." - Susan Cain #TED 2012
And why??**RT : I'm not going to EVER have sex!!
You're welcome! Let me know if you need any more info on VA. I am an amature expert!!! I love my home state!
thats the motto!
We are officially enjoying the weekend! Hope you are too dear Shasticians!
ok, how'd you do that with the background on Staree?
No one uses turn signals, if you are not driving 100mph on any street or expressway prepare to be harassed on your bumper.
#MichaelJacksonSyndrome - Warning -Side Effects - Ability to dance, sing, choreograph, play instruments, change the world & Be overly sexy
I have a huge headache. I'ma be black for a second and say, I finally found some g ass niggas & now they leavin me! :C
Last week of Norwalk Listens Survey, that means flip flops and shorts being put away #norwalk #norwalk2 #survey Take it here: norwalk2.org
interesting, wonder of mayor decides whether to enforce 30 minutes.
she made sequins and big frizzy wiry hair cool
At Picture Shack ent. auditioning for their new show "Animal Outlaws" hope I get it...
Good morning everyone!
consider that a formal invitation Miss Sprayberry its at errs and jasons. If you get a chance stop by. Bear and erbody is comin
The compound radius on the soloist tugs me right at the heartstrings! I swear it makes me feel like the most proficient player
#namemharrisperrysnewshow How about "Fresh Brew" with MHP? Like Morning Joe but hip.
Love is a funny thing. When you dont have it , you want it . & when you do have it , sometimes you dont know what do with it.
Good Night everybody. Love ya :)
well have to check again tomorrow night cuss it's gunna have more than that.
Getting all set up!!
Theres no way you can have longevity as a vocalist and be a smoker. The two will never go together....period.
Well the bright side? The Lakers are holding them to 30 point lead and not letting them get away! Lol. At least we've got the Kings!!
The ESA Board of Directors and the ESA Examinations Committee are pleased to announce the first EDA Preparatory Course
some people's level of selfishness and immaturity is ridiculous...
Is there a chance that you might love me too?
It's time for bed now. I just had a vegan cookie so the sheep I'm counting think I'm a god.
Haha, I kind of stopped going on the internet. I got really bored of it. =/
idk but i heard u were gunna buy some taco bell when u got back!!
For a moment I thought the cover of this week's Time was an advertisement for Game of Thrones.
Yes!!! It feels so good to be alive!!!!
No lie, no lie, no lie-ee-I-ee-I.
oh rly, do they even have half of the show left after stripping that stuff out?
HELL YES.
Have you checked out our Workout of the Week on the #KoreFit Facebook page? This week is Single Arm Core Stabilization! Try it!
I think it's time to start drinking coffee again.
understated yes...just trying to have a little class which is more than i can say for some
Today's Birthdays: Actor-comedian Stephen Colbert (kohl-BEHR') is 48. Rock musician John Richardson (The Gin Blossoms) is 48.
Grammy for commercial-so-crazy-it-just-might-work goes to Chipotle.
They R morons! RT : Nicely put RT : Florida: where abortions are murder, but shooting a kid in the chest isn't
The only thing worse than listening to more about Peyton is now knowing we have to hear about Tim Tebow
LMFAORT : Life is like Jerry. Sometimes it's hard.
I compare teacher observations to standardized testing, it is a snapshot in time, not a measure to show true growth over time
RT : Today’s must-listen #jazz recording: “Momentum” by saxophonist Myron Walden, 2009.
i love you so much.
These #DC #GOP #DNC games are nothing short of riveting,pathetic, enlightening&frankly awesome. American people, up yours!
Correction: For FB friends 3 more days to book Headshot session in order to get summer price of 349.00!
I am going to introduce myself to the world of gaming in January so I hope I can get support from some of you....
come pick me up from school girl.
Me and Nate havent spoken in almost a mth then today he tells me he still cant get over me
welcome to twitter!! everybody follow this dude, or at least check out his awesome picture hahaha
We're celebrating FREE Admission to (Sat, Jan 30) by giving away 3 $15 iTunes gift cards. RT for a chance to win!
P-Funk is a great way to start your morning...
sounds like a great day!
don't talk about something you don't know about.
How can they toss the kid like that lmaoo.
Strategic planning is worthless... Unless there is first a strategic vision. John Niasbitt
what about ha
Ayy! I heard it was my homie birthday though! Happy Birthday TamaRa!
I know haha
Is it 5:00 yet? Weekend I am ready for you now...
I wish I knew where I was.
Why wld Americans vote4 a GOP right-wing pres candidate who only serves a far-right minority. Do we want a POTUS who is wagged by the tail?
Haiti Babi up now - "knitting lives together" #SocEntWknd team with mission to provide knitting jobs for mothers to "keep families together"
Sending sweetness to
hey Biebs, if I was as good at shooting threes than you are at being cute, I'd have myself a couple rings. BIEBER FEVER 4 LIFE
oh okay. Haha how's you ask him in the dm? Was he slumping with people or you just randomly did it?:D
The shortest war on record, between Britain and
Thanks for all the #WW love today. I sure do appreciate y'all!! Hugs~
Smh I wouldn't have askd or gave u an invitation if I didn't want u to come
study outside!
Lighting up this room with that cray aromatherapy! #dolo and laxed
she did it!! and i love it
So my friend tells me my picture looks like it belongs on the back of a bestseller m maybe I will become an author
nothing like waiting. I got that down too
House hunting is my favorite. :)
Never make someone your priority when you are simply their option
that's what you think..not a grown woman till you pay the bills
WTIA awards - commercial product or service of year: tie between SEOmoz and Skytap
real long day with my red bat
I really need more sleep! :/
Man in a Box
um you so nasty
Why is cable TV so expensive?
People who place AmazonFresh orders make me swoon. :)
Oh god. 1st passenger has turned. MDW cabbie trying to leave. cant. i hear screaming in the bckrnd.
“: hey there hope all is well. Miss u two. hopefully gigi and I can make it down there soon”soon let u know !
Justice League Unite! RT :
The Google TOS did not change this week. They also "own" all of your google docs. So unless you got f'ed over on that you can calm down.
so everyone in my house has an iPhone . & i dont -__-
bringing out all the Christmas stuff today...wow i don't think i've ever seen so much before in my life
I do miss my time in Wales!
Sky chillzle what's the bizzle? Who you got winning it all? Perhaps my beloved Pacers?
I <3 One Direction.
Straight-on videos are great for people used to being on camera as well as other video to display things like presentation tools
U.S. manufacturing sector expanded at the fastest pace in nearly six years in April,
Consumers definitely set a high bar for value add. RT : Consumers don’t want an emotional connection with 95% of brands...
;) HostNexus Announces Launch of cPanel on Shared and Reseller Hosting Packages consistent quality service
first day of real winter crushed! bring it on chicago!
Now I never thought that I could take it higher... Until I reached the point of no return! Hehe I'm sure you know who said that ;P
you guys... it's just kraftwerk.
muhahahaha! Your becoming cooler, don't worry.
When Tokyo was unable to hold the World Skating Championship earlier this year, Moscow stepped up.Our best rinks were tied to NHL schedules.
B4 letting UR user go, when he doesn't want 2 subscribe 2 UR service, try 2 retain him as much as possible w/ rewards 4 referrals
crap I was wrong! It's march 9 at the Madison. We Came as Romans, Emmure, Woe is me, and blessthefall
LOL! I am feeling a little of both...
I have learned that my fate is something I can't escape.
It is great to be part of so much history & great things to see & do. Of course the food is amazing and always gr8 Ice Cream!
Yeah - I remember a CFH plenary on him a few years back. Almost as heated as that USIH plenary on (I think?) The Hurt Locker.
I'm still VERY interested in joining the Pyramid team, can u DM me an email or number 2 follow up with? Will submit resume ASAP.
MY STRUGGLE; MY MOTIVATION!!
It's finally Friday!
Think I'll fall for that? YOU'RE WRONG! STOP SPAMMING!!!!
"You guys are just sluts with your syrup" Hahaha
Excited to play Nos Bar in Fort Worth tomorrow! Spread the word! We would love to see a big group out
Badgers drive hits wall | NU ball on their fifteen | Give or take that is |
Bingo players Saturday Night! Gonna be sick
Lucky girl!
Ill Park 106 Bullets In Ya Face..Yu Gottah Watch Friends at A Distance Enemies Close.
Wonderful news. So relieved to hear it.
no are you.?
;; totally awesomeness (:
#Quote Never rely on the glory of the morning nor the smiles of your mother-in-law. Japanese Proverb
thanks 4 the RT Sean! So nice of you as always
Finalizing the edits for our new web series launching on AOL May 20... stay tuned!
also check out
I am in New York for the rest of the week and weekend. I like NY because nobody cares about 'nuthin here...
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other
I was thinking:it doesn't feel right dancing alone and then I heard the quote "I'm dancing alone" in this song-That's AMAZING!
Celebrating the holiday. Even tho I dont speak
#1waytopissmeoff haul ass to pull in front of me on the road, then slow down. i will ride you, follow you to your destination and stalk you.
Half Naked and Almost Famous
Instead of any sleep, these waking microdreams that consist of nothing but deep, untethered flashes of feeling. Also true: back in Pgh.
Where did we put our #usguyS paddle?
i'm not clicking today. literally, i'm not doing a good job clicking on links with my new mouse.
Coming down from a incredible event. Connected over 643 people to services in #rva. Thank you again and
sniff sniff sniff
Truth is I'm just simply disappointed, story of my life /: #forever alone
it's the most excitement you'll have all year!
Today is the day! Looking forward to some great networking and discovery at #SXSW!
That shower was everything >>>
: Michael Barnes charming & informative @ Creative Media Center. Thank You, Mr. B! XO Miss Z
i've been an Orioles fan.... baseball season i love. but it'll be year 14 or 15 of losing. ugh.
Mary Gauthier - Long Way To Fall - 10:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Never mind. Printing only works from Mac, not Windows machine. Hmm... Conspiracy?
Apartment hunting sucks. Job + apartment hunting at the same time really sucks (I know, I'm so eloquent ;). Blah!
#Mizzou up by 12 at the half. Unlike a lot of KU fans, I'm not surprised. MU has been the better team all year.
WCC? Big West? They'll find something RT final thing is how is the split sports going to work for BSU if the WAC does not exist?
G.O.Y., North Carolina! We will not rest until true #equality exists! #acceptance #love is for all
Word ima check em out when we get up
Well most people don't even have a rooster.
I cannot emphasize this enough: the bros shooting hoops at the outdoor court here on campus are really, really terrible at basketball.
Who is like the LORD our God, the One who sits enthroned on high, who stoops down to look on the heavens and the earth? Psalm 113:5-6
skipping balls in the noon hour
I'm getting on at 10:05 you better be on bruh
Open Performance troupe auditions this saturday at 3pm. Have a 2 minute choreographed piece prepared. Email
You can easily see the "kid" in the college "kids"...but give them credit...they are very happy for the win
So much fakeness, so little patience
I got *cut* off, that's sadder by far...
Good luck!!!
Did you guys end up doing themed bowling?
the louder I play my music, the more I clean
ket's pretend his nice, too.
Oh goody, high school drama, and I wasn't even there for it but am somehow involved
oh my thrupp! Theres a guy @ my track meet thats a look alike! He looks just like u.. Hieght & hair & eyes & everything! <3 ...
I KNOW WHO DON'T LOVE ME JK NIGHT LOVE U TO
funny as times I don't have number no more I got a new phone
Merry Christmas!
Good job Daquan!
Good Morning my friends and my lovelies
We played a matchup zone and ran the Princeton offense - our style was totally different than any other team - be original
most def had a good time connecting @ Allure, but I'll check ya'll lata now bout' to go #MADWORKMODE bottlepopS & skittleS
My Godmother brought an iPhne. She said that the sales person pitched it to her as a phone for ladies. Yes, Really! SMH
Luv hearing #gopackgo in the "H"
PUT THAT ON ITUNES. NOW. <3
“: #Jobs report for March not good enough. Let's Create " I'm all in!
Family Law Judge in Texas who repeatedly whipped his 16 year old daughter should be...Catch my thoughts tonight on Entertainment Tonight!
Nice. I bet God loves that kind of talk you Demon!
Scoreboard has uofl with no timeouts
do you feel safe at rest stops? Have heard parking at motel with largevparking areas is less obvious and pretty safe.
Great sleeping weather it's raining it ABQ and the breeze is so cool.
HAPPY VETERANS DAY!!!
I planned on it man. Finishing up at the hospital in a few hours
feed me :(
Teaching my first official flow yoga class Saturday morning at 11am at Melt on State Street! Music yoga wisdom laughter love and light
Any news on the Rice University students who were arrested for having guns in their dorm rooms?
How do you know each other?!
ha I'm just kidding :) have fun wherever you go :)
I just don't feel the love :(
#WeWereCoolUntil you started thinking I was jealous of you. wth? -_-
More of the roster. $ went 2 big3 contr RT is it the coach or pathetic rost they built of nonconplimentary players
duh…follow:)
Went to a very cute but rainy Japanese garden in Seattle today!
I would tell you how I feel, but i'll just tell you what you want to hear.
today was on deck, the #superfans missed ya buddy. Hope all is good with u.
Game of thrones time!!!!!! Great week of tv starts now..
ha ha! .... enjoy it before tomorrow's headache buddy
You cant trust people these days!
Witness prep with nurse tomorrow. Under-over on when the crying starts: 4.5 minutes. What is ur bet? I bet under.
Thanks for joining us and supporting entrepreneurs/students. How did ur live elevator pitch go? Best of luck!
“: FUPA season official kickoff today in the Mil”I've seen some of the worst FUPA's today
It's all shit and giggles until your the one being laughed at
I wouldn't worry too much, I'm sure they'll find something else to trip on - probably their own tongues?
#Google will be founding sponsor of Interaction Awards 2012. Further evidence that the company is taking design seriously.
hope one of the hottest women in canada is having a great day
Have fun in NYC!
Im just gonna sum up my day in 3 words.
... girl u know we love u here N' Da. "Dtown"
New Startup = New Twitter Account.
I accept I have to approve timecards on my day off. Why tell me I haven't done so BEFORE MY PEOPLE HAVE LEFT?
::hey, nice to meet you tonight! stop by sometime.
The #glee kids should have played piano on 's giant teeth.
#SKYSCRAPER VIDEO SOON! !
M, no Santana, Rachel, Quinn, Finn, Kurt, Mercedes, Puck and practically all of the Glee Club is leaving and YET you want a Season 4.?!
tweet me #yeeeeeeeeeee if you're excited to move to
Jam Session on Monday! It's gonna be huge! Come down and call some tunes, never a cover! 626 S. Spring St. Los Angeles 9pm!
hahaha busting my kneecap makes it sound like you're gonna shoot a bitch
I knit toe up whenever I can. I love trying on as I go along.
I'm on top of the world, and I don't plan on coming down.
Bitch clearly i said im a bitch TOO stating that i DO NOTT eats grape posicles DUHH
Cancer sucks. Praying for one of the best people in the world tonight.
Fuck it, sounds like a Taylor Gang night...
record is dope bro!
All the best on that bro! I need to get out and run too!
Thank you!:]<U+2661>
Did any of you go out and buy your garnets yet? Remember it's January's birthstone!
good luck tonight T.O.!!! Kick some old school Oiler ass!!!
I want him to be in me so freakin bad #GoodGirlGonebAD hahha i was never gudd
hello foco sprucing moms cut and color!
"You're either in or you're out. Right now." Happy Birthday George Clooney!
It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being
RT : Never had a laptop. I bought the iPad to proofread books and to use it as a second monitor when correcting them.
overly much since it was first hauled out a century ago-that's just not what science is. It's like saying calculus is just integration.-DvL
Friday Humor: “Golf without bunkers and hazards would be tame and monotonous. So would life.” - B. C. Forbes
All of the above! I am an equal opportunity bbq eater!
Should have tweeted this last night: S/O To My Boys for that fresh orange T was rockin last night.
Some of the most difficult people we have in our lives are our greatest teachers.
"we have to do that now on as our warm up!" -mr. Robinson "uhh...sure..." hahahaha :)
NBC bleeped out 's comment on Banderas and Hayek. Damn it ! Now I have to wait for a youtube video .
"Appreciate what you have, before time teaches you to appreciate what you had."
Our class talked about punk music, I think he wants to teach a punk rock seminar soon!
Offering Prefered Seats to see Cirque du Soleil Shows in Las Vegas book your discount room and show @ www.myvegaspeople.com
I wouldn't be who I am today without the constant love and support of my mother, I owe more than I could ever give. Happy Mothers Day <3
Now completely won over. I see the genius that is D.T. now. Also, found Hamlet online @ pbs.
Nice! Thank you. I am always interested to see what you will be coming up with next. :)
Life is about finding happiness.
Currently at the premiere of "The Pool Boys" at Graumans Chinese Theater in Hollywood!
I will just tell you guys the Superbowl/ Playoffs + A Special Edition of AFC Vs. NFC Pro Bowl Showdown. All Here tonight in Twitter!
Ah I am all social networked out for the evening.
Happy Valentine's Day!! Indulge your love for the railroad and visit us today! We're waiting!
Stick the Dismount Rancic! Remember everyone is imagining you naked so dont worry about a thing! have fun and enjoy!
You so busy chasing her man...and didn't notice her taking yours...
my car getting sold tomorrow im getting a new one in the morning. how much u tryna get off yo car?
yah seriously. tell brit i said hi - i'm stuck hanging out with j.lo on idol :\
Today is the "Webmaster`s day" congradulations!
how life treat'n you
yes I will be next weekend its gonna be like baby dolls wat is your fav hair due
If you haven't been down to the Museum's Monster Mash yet, you still have time. Our next 'hair-raising story' will be read at 1:15.
Good to catch up and talk rock climbing with the
Focus your energy on the things you can control and don't waste too much time worrying about the things you can't!
Spent the morning volunteering at Harriet buhai.
Hello everyone in College Station! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
he just told me he loved me #BrotherSsiter<U+2665>
I hate learning things the hard way...I prefer the easy way,
that's what I'm talking about!
Facebook always asks... What's on your mind?? I guess not much or I wouldn't be on Status Shuffle all the time!! LOL
you changed my life, that makes you a life changer which means you're basically perfect.
Heey I love your music
I'd really like a bagel right now, but I'd have to get in my car and drive to get one. I miss NY...
I keep forgetting to take some production shots of my light set ups and stuff with my phone every time i shoot...
4miles not matter the time I gotta get it in.
Invite us to your next 10tastes and we'll create DeliciousBuzz for you via our media buzz contacts! We <3 all things DELICIOUS!
can we set it up at Joey's?
Absolutely! Even actual theatres need to have those site surveys done.
Penn Badgley= SUPER SEXY. Wow.
it sure does,you can say that again.Gimme a holla if you ever want some tatt work. stay up.A fan since NWA
Once you accept hot dogs into your life, pink slime is not that far to go for your next logical step into the darkness.
What a day of sports.... horse races at Hollywood Park, then to Hermosa Beach to watch Clipper game and finally Santa Monica for boxing. AHH
you are most welcome! Any trips to Chicago in the works?
Got my 2011 So You Think You Can Dance Tour tickets for Orlando!
I am sure the sub appreciated it. :)
Hoffman Co. Closes Faria Preserve Property Sale
me too!! I made my mom take me to the Cody Simpson concert 6 hrs early when he came to fort lauderdale
I added you as a friend on FaceBook. btw: You're link on twitter to your facebook profile takes you to facebook main page.
why not your not a size 9... I'am!
Looking to invest in startups! Send interesting deals to
Would u hump xtina? BYE?
Thanks, Chris--hope you're well!
Please email from the acct you used when you signed up. Use subject BOOMER. We'll reply with instructions
Stemless wine glasses look really cool, but I'm discovering they are harder to grasp & pick up when they empty.
awesome!!! It seriously changed everything. Let me know if I can help!
its very windy and the wind just produced a tone from blowing past my beer ... very peaceful
Knowing how to live right and living right is two different things.
Just swam a half mile at
Chillin.' Seriously. My office is COLD.
when you come to Austin, I'll get you your own bottle
you have nice teeth
It's not a question of if, but when safety DeJuan Rogers () commits, he'll just add to that tradition. (cont)
Did we forget about the Detroit Bad Boys, who won 2 back to back rings with that style of play? Everyone's a big p*ssy now. Man-up!
I wish I just didn't give a fuck.
Open City by Teju Cole
Just saw the It Gets Better vid. Well done, sir. Thank you for having the courage to stand up for LGBT rights and justice.
Goin to the T Shirt Shop to meet with with my team !
In that boat as well. RT : I MIGHT give a pinky to be an analyst on First Take.
Just in case you were worried that I was becoming too stylish and cool- there are cows on my socks.
Its public on the stock exchange now so no "real" owner I guess....
Shockingly nice in NYC for 24 hours only, then windy and cold. Side effect: streams from melting snow all over Central Park...
WHAT , NICKNAMES ALREADY . takin this to fast dont cha think sandra ? ;D ahaha
OMG.. RINGER? SERIOUSLY!? AGH!
IN Quotes: "The body knows what you need before the head does."
That thunder just scared the shit outta me low key smh
Send preservation of evidence letters to your own client as well as opposing counsel--protect against inadvertent spoliation
Yah we have it on our BluRay player
It's thundering and lightning
Why my charger is falling out of my phone right now... Idk
Search Lecrae "Church Clothes" on youtube.... Crazy stuff!!
Thank you! Your space looks so glamorous!
Hi my name is VICTORY, what's yours?
Happy May! Next likemind is May 15!
a bloody massacre!
The new store of the Museum of Sex in Manhattan turns sleaze into sleak
#Taurus loves environments that yield high, longterm value. Investments r significant to security in love & career. Real estate is essential
Using library or other computers? BACK THOSE PRECIOUS PAPERS UP! (sorry for the shouting).
yes it can!
This morning we recycled a load of cardboard and now we're going to the city of Bellaire to swap out a 20 yrd dumpster!
Kimi and i are totally spamming your status right now. XD
My first time was in an office building and I was impressed by the size.
Can't wait for the #Yankees to come to #Boston tomorrow! Always fun covering the best rivalry in sports..
Just do it!!
prisms and Portuguese jazz for the mornings
We call them MASSHOLES for a reason GOPACKGO
thank you..! And btw they were as good as they looked! Lol
When u see me holla L's Up!
please please please tell me I won a Cody Simpson meet and greet! Did you notify the winners yet? I can't stand the suspense!
help us raise money to buy instruments and technology for our class! join the Everybody Deserves Music project : )
I should! Or at least I should win some hot sauce.
I am watching this video of james cameron going 7 miles down to ocean floor. Only humans would leave 600 lbs of trash behind....
Mar is my favorite
Nothing like an unexpected hangout with my boy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
surely, they do. I know I do.
Damn never seen so red before! This looks like a college game!
Thank you and welcome to so many great new followers! :)
RT : #onthisdate In 1943, Jewish residents of the Warsaw Ghetto revolted when the Germans tried to resume deportations to Treblinka.
i have become close to and in the past couple months but recently ive talked to them less and i miss them! :(
Pres says he wont stand by while economic competitors don't play by rules. I hope he feels that same abt political competitors these days...
Super excited about my tattoo consult today!
Night got better once the break dancers came out to play!
Join us at Sky Lounge on 2nd. St, & Washington for Friday Passion Latin Night!!!. Salsa, Merengue, Bachata, Reggeaton, Rock & top.
knock em dead girl!!! Luv ya
Just wanted to say thanks for the follow!
City Hall refuses to hear the voices of Chicago airport workers. Public hearing at the Chicago Temple
Doing the same with Call Me Maybe, but still no calls. RT : Hoping that playing Friday on repeat will make it Friday
Dont wait till the last minute join me at my new party #LuxSundays 2nite EVERYONE IS FREE when you Text LuxSundays to 74455
foamposites already sold out?? are you getting more?
Yes! It's why I bring a portable chair with me when I round, haha!
ehh just a tad bit true, sorry b-sack
a "dictionary" hint hint i got the insider im telling on you hahahaha
Duuudeee ...... If you're reading this your either a.) Bored b.) Stupid Or c.) You actually care about what I tweet ( S I K E ) lol
i cant watch this lakers game anymore!
I'm a really hungry fat drunk girl
Thanks for taking all of those photos and , so rad!
embrace | shove away
what note
Thanks, playing with my own toy #SeeSaw :)
Check out www.kingoffitteds.com
Noah PorterThere is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
Congrats on a job well WON
Be sure to tune into tomorrow morning at 8:30AM. 2012 Calendar Firefighters will be on to chat about the new calendar release!
haha i'll be sure to keep a safe distance when I see you tomorrow!
Well, yeah, that's what I meant. RT : lol not gonna vote for anyone ._.
yay election day! Rock out!
i know, im just saying. Can't people just understand we had an off night, we're still top, even if gap is smaller
Selling Carpet and Tile Southern california , Discounts on hardwood and countertops call today 3 stores to serve u.:) 909-271-3644
She's the biggest liar of life, oh god.
RT : "I may not believe in life after death, but what a gift it is to be alive now." Natalie Angier
RT : Umbrellas are for people who aren't from Oregon.
Ryan Kelly is poop tooth. Just ask
Jack the Ripper could've been a woman?! #MysteryQuest on seems to think it's possible. Color me intrigued.
Looks like some one lost a bet! is now on twitter! Now we must re-instate the 24/7 Hardcore title rule!
Explore this spring&#39;s high-drama coats
sexy sexy :$
Have u heard of "A New Kind of Perfect"? Read all about it www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog!
We're going to start following only those who follow us back, tell your friends to follow us!
Kids today. What ever happened to Robitussin
We've married another retail deal!!! to occupy 3,900 sq. ft. of space at come Nov. 2011. So exciting!!!
A single boundary gives you twice what several #Surrey batsmen have got out for this knock.
OMG...NCL is offering a 4 day cruise to the Bahamas for $139.00 I am just not believing this!
I'm dead serious, I know so many people who have been like "Did you see that article on The Onion? That's messed up, man."
omg omg watson's debut on jeopardy starting now!!
Tomorrows mission: get a state ID, try to make it to class, and eat panda express
I'm headed for some Halloween fun this weekend! So excited.
'There has to be a standard that makes that determination of marriage, and the Bible is that standard,' Baity says.
Some people will be covering the NFL draft in suits tonight. I'll be covering it in pajama pants.
but its your house,yolo brilynn,yolo.Lets just wish for this at 11:11 every day,so it;ll happenawks that I just missed it :p
you will never follow me but its worth a try can you plz follow me
also with one of the beatles Twiz the beat pro.. jazz cigaret status
me either (: I' get distracted easily <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
This makes it feel closer : According to ESPN, Peyton Manning to work out for the #Broncos today at Duke University.
but a plane ticket and be on your way lmao
Thanks2 Happy Belated B-Day Wendy!!! So busy w/ college algebra etc had to unplug & get lots done. Finals week!=)
The Self is the source of love. People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
good to hear, same here juss some stuff changed is all lol
I do eat da women lol
thanks man!
staying in tonight
I just grilled some tuna steaks so I'd go swordfish, in a seafood mood
This the earliest i got up in a long time
Cool phone just stop working I don't mind
Signed up for the washington post so we would have paper to light the bbq, but find myself digging the retro ritual of paper and coffee. ...
People who just sit around bashing celebrities girlfriends are so pathetic... Get over it, you never had a chance anyway!
Reading (and other media) is a "social contact sport"
Thanks for listening! He's definitely on the list of directors we want to tackle!
the new Star Trek movie is awesome! Call me a nerd, but i freakin love that movie! :]
cute pup!!
Joining the #artsmgtchat through :)
I know you can barley even see me in my profile pic. But its on set with a RED. yeah
Thanks for the RT! We're ready for a great show! :)
rt Never forget that you are unique…just like everybody else!
2 days until our big social!
Ha! Hope there's a video montage of all this! RT : Santorum looking at Paul like he's the crazy uncle at Thanksgiving table.
YEAH! buutt no, "why are their pants so tight" because mom. we all wanna see their crotches.
Everyone want love </3
Another beautiful day at Pier 60 everyone come on out and see my show.
Can't sleep :/
#kids Springs Preserve Ice Cream Festival at Springs Preserve, Sat, May 12 11:00a: Cool off with sweet treats as the Springs Preserve...
packers are pretty unbeatable really. I excluded them from consideration, since its too obvious. Packers over Ravens 4real.
if you need anything, or want us to do anything we are always here. remember that! keep your head up!
RT : Chances of developing coronary heart disease can be reduced by more than half through lifestyle & dietary changes
Their life or their backpack? Lol.
Nothing alleviates suffering like reaching out to another person who is suffering.
Owner Dusty Jenkins of Cinepro Studios will be shooting a documentary/short film of my life and my 2012 MRA racing season. Cant wait :-)
I hopped to UHop!
only for you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Dave might as well be a semi-pro body builder and a big guy!! It was pretty funny!
Me- "Cooper, how do you know every word to every song?" Cooper- "I don't, see I don't know this part."
No problem! We welcome you in case plans change :)
#ImagineAustin my life is full of (Urname) 's face! Alex Man ur so inlove! That's good! A: I love her till my heart stops beating! *smiles*
lol that reminds me i still gotta do that midterm!
Been busy, haven't been on here in a minute. I'll be on stage tonight at Speakeasy. How is everyone doing?
I'ma cut her some slack lol
RT": The last time the NCAA football champ was a non-SEC school, Twitter didnt exist. What was life like then?"
Oh forgot say good morning!
RT : Cloud = not here
Teardrop - Massive Attack.
RTmissrogue is my daily newswire. I swear. I've tried to go elsewhere, but somehow she uncovers the best stuff. :)
Catching up on tweets while waiting 20 min for the next train
but not nearly as painful.
TRAVIS PORTER live at fur Nightclub May 4th is going to be another packed event.
Nothing says "I might touch your child innapropriatley" more than a grow man in a Miata.
Looking forward to reactions and comments on Nacirema tomorrow in #UPEIAN105 . An oldie but a goodie.
I don't know. I'm not sure he'd like it.
I want to get into Entertainment Law. I wish I knew someone with connections!
Gov. Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad. U think maybe one of his relatives was lynched, for a made up reason
Good thing the Air Force is paying for my gas. Imma cruise slow homie. Lol.
as long as you're in the game, username is not important, but glad your with us #redsoxnation folks to support the team.
I hate this part...
Ridiculous isn't the word
Great day for a hot dog-come on down to the Main Street Public Parking Lot today and have lunch with us...hope to see you there...Happy Jack
Those Knick haters are not liking this shit going down in The Garden right now. #RCavTickets+9dead?
YES!!! “: Lol! You know I'm about to watch my favorite episode "Dancin' To the Max" RIGHT now!”
you do exist!
:) RT : That prayer last night. The Lord truly knows my heart.
Michelle Dunn, Collections MAVEN, believes ACCELERATOR is an awesome, in-demand tool to help you get paid FASTER! Call today 800-850-5110!
Experts sleuth out what killed Puget Sound orca - Fox News
Thought for the day: "If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?” - John Wooden
“: Its been 10 years since I put out 50cent is the future. So I'm putting out the BIG 10 next week 10 smoking hot tracks #SK”
Quittin' time? I think so.
My oh my you're so good lookinnn
I don't remember publicly announcing the Mk vita bathroom invitational. It's gonna be HYPE
Reminder about our meeting tonight EAers- 5:30 at The Beat! Be there or be....
Taking a pic in a bra & panty set with cheap heels will never make u model or wifey material
Thanks for the tech segment. I'm not graduating from anything either, but I'll take those Jawbone speakers.
that was great!
Check out ! This is so dope. Many of ur fellow players gettin fades! Jose included.
Never drink on an empty stomach. $9 large 1 topping pizza now until 11pm.
roger that
RT : RT : Just got kicked out of the zoo! How the fuck was I supposed to know that "real" hippos don't actually...
Anytime my girl! Thank you as well :-)
lol never been there
I Love You Talking About The Secre ANd i
Want to do something to help the environment today. Have a package delivered using a bike messenger!!!!
good day mr obama. I find it just great to do is just totally good okei good day yet
#amendment1 much closer in among those who have already voted than overall. *could* indicate better GOTV op for opponents.
SUMMER why you no come soon?
So, I live in #LA now.
Circa Circa at Paramount!!
you sure?? Cause I def think I have an F in English #wouldtbesurprised haha
Studying educational philosophies and curricula: Reggio Emilia, Montessori, IB, Khan Academy, etc. No one has all the answers.
Can't wait! Come join us "ya'll"! RT #TEXSOM Sneak Peek: MS & MW tell us about Texas Terroir on 8/12!
You'd be lucky to fail. That means you get another chance, and you find out who really is with you no matter what :)
"Rhode Island" is a strange thing to scream in an angry, metal affectation
It's a good thing I don't wear a beard brace.
We recommend the #Palms msg he has the hookups to #Ghostbar #Rain #Playboy and
congats to you & ur new hubby, my you be happy for many lifetimes
It disgusts me too much to even watch it.
Picks in progress: Cubs-114 and Braves-107. These picks were given for free to all our customers on the email list!
YEAH YEAH YEAH and Drew Pearson pushed off ..... WHATEVER
From working out?
(Most events still at though!)
Well, they're "rebuilding" so I'm not expecting them to be good. Therefore no heart break when they are terrible!
If a shop wants to enter the die cutting segment, there has never been a time with better resources available.
Idea for Admins fr J.Ohler - Create media narrative for teachers on why they became an teacher leader. Show at start of SY.
Don't let this cut into your Get-the-hell-out-of-town savings.
down't know what i would do without <3
With bourbon milkshakes??
“: That tat look like a 5 year old kid got ahold of a sharpie and had his way wit the side of his head #southLAnd” LOL!! Agreed!
We missed you! Welcome back! Ha Ha!
Thank you pandora for not being a blocked site on my computer at work <U+2764>
Why is #facebook redirecting to #myspace?
Thank You so Much! I appreciate it! Your to kind! =]
earns the Leading Scorer Award with 53 points at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
ZOO TYCOON<33333
Milwaukeeans- have you heard about the Inner Peace Music Festival? Come!
That's right cuff that ball in go to hole
I just got pitched by marketers saying they can get my pitch in journalists' hands ...
soon as Its up... I got u!
Gonna need a miracle to happen
#TodayImWearing pajamas. It's that kind of day.
I've learned that I'd rather be on stage than in the studio...
A thug changes, and love changes, and best friends become strangers.
Please come to Boston?:(
RT : I JUST TOOK A PIC BUT I DON'T WANT TO POST IT CUZ MY HEAD IS BIG :( <~~ Lmao!! That's every pic you're in
Online Scrabble
you are already there my friend. I'm no 100 miler princess til I finish mine in June.
Your statuses get liked because your body is lusted after.
I sang in the choir for years, even though my family belonged to another church
You're illiterate.
SO looking forward. Deborah Crombie's new book: DI Duncan Kincaid. Gemma James. No Mark Upon Her. Feb 2012.
RT URBAN VINTAGE sourced items at Green. Boutique 432 Santa Clara, #Oakland, CA - -- Open Tomorrow 11-5pm!
Thank you for the mention
go on zingled.com its fun!
Can't wait for Sporting KC tonight!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin #leggo you guys got this!
thanks homie - you rock as usual!!
2 auditions Monday: dance & indie film. Workshoped w/Craig Campobasso of Joy Todd/Craig Campobasso. Tonight w/Assoc. of Burrows/Boland!
you are welcome!
I knew it lol
that's a lie I don't use that term freely unlike yu and she is my best friend
So many concerts coming up... Justice, Odd Future, Excision... good shit.
Wednesday we're excited to welcome Frank Mungeam as our second SM speaker - Learn how to market your business like a marketer!
I also agree that the start up on Zotero is faster, but that doesn't nec. mean better. Cost was the decider for me.
Saw trapt in concert Friday night still can't believe what an amazing show it was!
no "/ iv read about two books taking notes trying to figure out my thesis lol but auschwitz is actually hard to write about lol
Marcus canty very weak vocals, plenty of help from backup singers. Why was marcus mic turned so low?
watching #raisinghope for the first time. it's pretty decent.
Need Help With Your Success
“ Between laughing for no reason, stupid arguments, long talks, and making fun of each other, I fell in love with you.”
You better believe it! RT via are you guys going to carry the preseason games tomorrow?
Just saw promo for new show on History Channel..... CAN'T WAIT!!!
That Text He Sent >>>>>
Time for an early lunch. (Where should I go?) Missing great panels, but gotta eat sometime....
“: Off to go dance in the Dallas snow” loving the snow, but already ready for Wednesday and the 75 high. Oh TX weather!!
And his social intelligence helped him implement his policies effectively whether you like them or not (I didn't!)
Big day tomorrow
Largent, and Blades
The shit that goes through my mind sometimes..
Haha...for real man.
Best bumper sticker EVER: My zombie child ate your honor student's brains.
don't say such things we'll hang out before that
Able to get jack?
check out for response and action
haha omg I would have punched her ass!
I saw you on Hard Balls last night. What is wrong with you little troll. Are you retarded, or just fucking stupid? Handicapped
I cant relax or sleep... this virus and blood pressure is insanity....
Thank you so much for the follow as well! Looking forward to your Super Dentist Tweets!
Awesome teen Sergio is leading the 2nd meeting of his teen poetry workshop series So much laughter & appreciative snapping!
hi Yoko I met you a long time ago when i was a boy on the john lennon tour bus. I had my first recording ever on that bus
here we go haha i asked how you heard of our video XD
The retirement of magnus, my saab, was bittersweet. an awesome night with sts9 and only 2 days until florida really help soften the blow.
cuz i got home a hour late from the mall and i didnt call to say i was coming back late
check out my new website www.flawlessmoneygang.com free ringtones and we have beats for sell 6
different sports means different situations. basketball gives much more control over a game for one player
im off work no waitin on this girl to hurry up and get here cuz i got things to do..so hurry up and stop tweetin
your right! get cracking on hamlet and show Mrs. Nelson what's goodie, TBISH style!!!
come to r CT sanctioned viewing party this Fri @ 6pm. We have our D-balls inflated and ready 2 go. That sounds gross.
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish. ~ Benny Hill
RT : ur avi is bright pink, wearing funny glasses & puckering up. clearly, your tastes are questionable :P
basically hot dog slices in ketchup (not the american kind) with curry sprinkled on top.
lol I thought this was going to be you in the special dress blazer. I was going to say damn, that still fits from 6th grade?!
I sneezed and this loser texts me saying 'God bless you' lol
Chicago's first Quiet Night is only two days away!!
Just biked 13.25 miles around Black River Falls. Forgot how hilly Jackson County is.
I'm so tired ima be walking slow isell
I love that place-- checked it out for the first time just a couple months ago-- it's quite well hidden :)
Who's ready for the SOLD OUT show tomorrow night?!
John, two trial-balloon Qs: 1) Are U going 2 be in PHX anytime soon? 2) Interested in writing about creativity in CFB on the field?
quite an odd way to refer to her lol
Cannabis is a hot topic!
Medical City Dallas Hospital Expands Allocade's On-Cue Artificial Intelligence ...
I need a job!!!
#truth ": Toddlers and Tiaras is sickening!"
the new face of journalism! taking one for the team!
Me too! It just dawned on me I may be too old to be part of her generation. You've got at least a year left ;)
it is jus make sure the gators are around then there's no way of knowin if they fell in or what... Jus a thought...
No Doubt on the radio! Crazy how a song can make you excited instantly and bring back childhood memories. 90's music is where it's at. Holla
Greg Harper cracks me up!
gonna go out :D .
getting excited to cover the Razzie Awards this weekend...#dontjudgme :)
That's Mickey Spagnola AKA The Mickaroo. He's the Cowboy writer. My kids met him in Tampa.
follow me for a shoutout i follow back :)
what?!? That's blasphemy! My heart is broken
Don't wait for the world to recognize your greatness; live it, and let the world catch up to you
a BIG congrats to the.......#Brewers!
Loyal Supporters vs. Imaginary Supporters. -
: I'm off to Germany/Paris til the 26th, contact Josh on our facebook for ordering, you guys are the best! is great!
Def taking an extra long lunch to enjoy this weather!!
Anyone else have their MBP resting under there Cinema Display? Is it safe from the heat?
nice office! Haha
Dating a girl that can dress>>>>>>
Thanks Happy to help. :)
I want my damn car already
This is it #Delta: 75 euros for a bag and then a plane that's older than I am.
County mourns death of Mike Cady, a judge and former commissioner
Omg my Christmas tree just fell
What's up ... Schmidt didn't take his shirt off tonight? Ergo my wife was bummed!
looks awesome, long live Martense! Don't thank me, I just press buttons!
Tweet from my undergrad alma mater says "Don't miss [town's] favorite band!" I've never heard of said band. Am now officially old.
Hope it went well! Looking forward to the end of March!
Nada Bakri on #CNN: "I'm a little mad at journalism."
I did! Before I ever clowned you about. My husband had me watching that and that dumb pawn shop show. He's terrible.
Thanks for a great evening! We enjoyed it.
paisan, the special killed us, u need a sitcom
note to self...when you have a streaming head cold, dont paint your nails, coz when you sneeze...there is a difficult choice to be made.
I mean, that entire pot of coffee wasn't just going to drink itself. So now I am plastered to the ceiling.
GOD Morning tweeters. We're SO close to 150! Thanks to our 7 new followers since yesterday, If I have not already, I will follow back.
Of course I did, I know more about baseball than any of you!
Hm Hennessy and coke with a vicodin = sweet sleep
Just got a Sinatra cd recorded in 1939, blows my mind to be listening to people playing music at a point in time 73 years ago. Crazy.
I played Pink Champagne and my mom was like "who's is this, Demi Lovato?"
postal service came on my pandora radio, makes me miss you and badass fridays <3
no way!! yeah they are!!lol
nice start, just keep at it....
": Be grateful for EVERYTHING."
Just got a free venti iced coffee @ Starbucks. Not sure why but not complaining.
cool! I just got home :)
RT : The word "axiomatic" is George Will's thing and he will straight up cut you if you try to use it.
u r so beautiful and u need to know dat! Ur like so gorgeous its crazy
I saw the tweets. You were HILARIOUS this afternoon!!! :)
In your mouth :
i think i'm gona get a snack and take a nap soon. xP
Bahaha. Is that why you've been MIA..spending all your time with Beiber?I get it now.Do ya thang chicken wang!:D
That sucks!! :( it must be because we aren't sleeping in the same room anymore!
Oh My God, I'm so lazy. Working on a post.
Did you make it to this weekend?
Are you shining Yet?
follow me hunter
ciao bella professora! come stai? i hope to make it back for fall semester. i am in love with italia. e vero!
Rules? More like the 12 commandments of bacon!
Thanks. Go wolves - they are looking good!
I've got a lot of learning to do but give me a chance and I will tell you all I know.
Simms: to actually fumble the ball, you would have to fumble the ball
so if i marry a white boy does that mean my daughter will only like white boys lol
hey guys, we just checked out your music and we love it :) Keep up the good work!
of course not, if you forgot to include the cucumber! Rookie mistake.
: RaceFail 09 brought about mass vernacular theory production in regards to racism and sf and fantasy lit
So satisfying to see P. Diddy get dunked on like that...
Next week im doing my work
thank you:)
HOPE EVERYTHING IS OK BIG BRO...
Maybe your right .maybe im a bitch
I-94 WB in Racine co. Near 7 mile rd..big delays. Fatal accident. One lane now open. Sheriff expects it to be several hours b4 reopened.
"When you stop getting better, you stop being good" -Dizzy Dean
I was pissed with their decision!!! It was a great episode, but I wanted it to end differently.
crazy night ahead! Super excited for some Knolla's and chips & queso!
oh em gee some ppl
Keitt turned on him. "You insult Lamon, and you insult me!" he thundered. "He is a gentleman and my friend. And we shall have a drink."
Get it right.. a duck moo's... not a chicken ... and only chuck the duck...
Was content to wait for table at mex restaurant. Mom took the pester the hostess approach. She won.
Listen to Action Bronson mixtape Blue Chips if your a rap he's forreal!!
is a failiure of a human being. wish id get by lightning or something
LOL Critical is why you are 2nd in the polls to Chuckie Doll candidate not the #SOTU address next year.
Anyone have a favorite joke to tell at a job interview?
": I can't really explain it, I'm so into you now, I wanna be more than a friend to you now."
And now I want to have an kugel-off.
Charwoman? An English house cleaner
Make the most of every opportunity, and never try to be something your not!!
if any of you are looking for a #beachbody (P90X, Insanity, Turbo Fire) coach get mine He is knows a lot about fitness and health!
It's mustarnaisse!
Coffee with exec. director ....great ministry doing great development work helping people start businesses in
Not who i thought you were.
Happy Fourth Everyone :)
PARKER POSEY u were great. Thnksss
me too lol will I be seeing you this weekend? <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
hello there may you follow me please i will be happy
Thanks, but I'm still on the job until Jan. 2013!! : A very big thank you to for his service to DC!
hi dude Wat's up?
I'm thankful for good friends and family <3
Where did u get the swaddling blanket in your pics? Congrats ur little man is so cute & u have a gorgeous family.
Before Bruce is was just a loser from Tennessee, now I have the world. Thanks, Bruce. #FollowFriday (via )
Available: Ltd Ed MORRISON STADIUM Fine Art Prints / 20" x 10" / $60
My knee hurts so bad. I just wanna know what happend. Lmao.
I want myung wol's shoes when shes at the ballroom dancing with Kangwoo. so pretty
My thought for the day, anyone feel free to comment - I want to be married again. Am I crazy?
I think every one is annoyed with how much I talk about Austin. I could literally talk about him all day.
Well, I wish you luc....wait! You can pop into between 6pm&9pm for free geek out wine love!
I linked my facebook and myspace page to twitter, check it out!!myspace.com/miltowntickets, facebook/miltowntickets
Big conference next week!!
Thanked you twice. How annoying! Sorry!
Quote of the Day: "A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song."- Maya Angelou (via )
Any SMASH fans? NBC is renewing the Broadway-themed drama for a second season!
#Zimmerman raised $200K 4 defense but "in fairness" noted that #TrayvonMartin's family has raised $100K 4 a foundation.
You're a perv. (I love it. Keep it up. Never change.) haha
Anyone else having trouble with after the new Silverlight upgrade? It crashes any other open windows... (Cc )
me too ;-(- I am about 28 years removed
Do vegan moms count? :) RT : where are the green mom blogger/activist speakers at #BWENY! :)
come party at exclusive rdv or amnesia in nyc tonight!
I don't know who made it yet, they didn't say
The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show tonight 7pm est on www.blaze.wwradio.net
Thank you Kentucky wildcats! This was an awesome season!
Now I want to hear what says. Norb?
i Voted for RNG but i dnt have an ipod so i cnt take pics ):
Outdoor, please
How is the country music world going to exist without brooks and dunn?
okay! Just let me know soon. I want to buy them within the next couple days
It's incredible how so many things make me think about her... <3 sheesh.
Can't wait for Saturday - headed out to dine with the
Protesters go home be safe
I truely feel ya. Congrats on that. I look forward to seeing and reading about your own indie brand tee and/or tee review site!
that SUUCCKKSS. I have 3 papers , & I have to study & gather notes for this essay tomorrow!
WE all feel that way
Come on rickie! You can do it! Back to back victories?! #yesplease #lovehim <U+26F3>
damn well !!!
You're a natural at this!
It's time to come back. We miss you.
nope, going to the south side parade
Stop allowing people to overshadow your GREATNESS. Do what you were set out to do.
There's only one reason why a guy would text his ex girlfriend.
#18conf failure to address social emotional issues of children negates impact of many programs
12. is one of my FAVE p & w singers.
I've been having a blast hanging out with Laura and Alan this week! I can't wait to see them again tomorrow! :)
ok dope! About to check it out now
Good idea, I'd do it. Actually tried it a little via craigslist. Mixed results as I'm sure you can imagine.
Bitches smiling @ you it must be happy hour
Let's get ready for some good racing tonight!!.. Go 24!!!
thank god.
#shitpeoplesay you're worthless. #isay don't believe them
So hungry ..
Yes to both. I miss you too, jerkface. ;)
That math final made me it's B*****
very nice website & insight!
CML houses Job Help Center and Homework Help in same space. Flips at 3pm when school kids arrive.
Amazing night at the #EdTechLink Fundraiser! Great to see such support from the community! Over $50,000 raised.
RT : When I say spicy, Siam House listens. Wow.
Watched Hey Boo on #pbs last night--just after book club on Crooked Letter. Wonderful as Ever!
I'll be back next Saturday morning!
haha life celebration! I love it!!
April 10 Let's go
My four year old said "daddy, I know why Heaven is so fun...you get to wear the same thing everyday"
raid ancient tombs, get money and exotic women? Man, being Indiana Jones doesn't sound too bad
heh, that was my inspiration
of zombies dont podcast has recently made the most shocking and bizarre statement in the anals of horror podcast history!
My first panel of the morning: 14. Subverting the Mise-en-Page: Editorial Approaches before the Age of Print --
Once again:
Lannister!? That is an insult to this proud Stark :)
Just added playmate to the list...
“: Yup hit my limit I'm done drinking I think I proved my point lol” lol tomorrow tweet. ---> "getting wasted!"
I Will Not Give Up Until Justin Bieber Notice me Or Miley Cyrus Does
Anyone hangout?
Today is my birthday!! Who! And my only wish is to meet ! Hey justin, wanna come to my birthday party? Gotta place for ya(:
The countdowns continue! 31 days till SD and 45 till Chi-town! Get ready, 'Merica.
omfg I cant wait I cant wait its gonna b fun
where's the new office?
Was driving eating a tuna sandwich and a large chunk of tuna salad fell into my shirt pocket. Didn't know until I pulled out my sunglasses.
Announcer saying the Bonnies survived a scandal when a recruit had only a welding certificate. Doesn't sound so bad to me.
thanks for the reply
this is true. That is why I am planning on doing lots of research to distinguish my idea from those other solutions.
please follow me.
George Clooney was robbed #SAG Awards
Wish I woulda said yes!!!!
true, true.
It was said that The #Aztec messengers used to sustain themselves on their long trips by consuming chia seeds.
There is a sale on real estate. RT : It’s time to do what the rich do… they go shopping.
any idea when College Ave between Howell and Pennsylvania Ave's will be open??!
TOMORROW: Our first two website graphics package goes up for sale - 'Feeling Fall' and 'Corporate Business'
Whenever I see a cute girl in public, I'm reminded that I have no understanding of the thought process behind hitting on someone in romcoms.
If you can do it, it ain't braggin'. -- Former baseball pitcher Dizzy Dean
Guess I'll try to fall asleep.... We'll see
For future reference: calling someone a retard and spelling it wrong doesn't make you seem all that bright either honey
It kinda is. Damn, little hungry now. Appreciate Donna.
Thanks to all who applied for the Membership Coordinator position. We are no longer accepting applications.
Who is to blame that Dook was so average this season? Their recruiting classes are the best every year and each of their guys is a McD's AA.
It happened, Satan's trifecta.
Wow! I aspire to be as busy as you are and as creatively.
One final workshop just announced: "Grantwriting Strategies for the Digital Humanities" by and
I just made my own liquid hand soap! Go me:-)
sol'd OUT.
LMAO that's like the oldest pic ever LOL *slaps self* that night makes me laugh tho so I always keep it LOL ..
lol yea <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>out of my field of singing but I gotta pay the bills
Just fell in love with Art N Soul on 101 in Encinitas, CA!
I would gladly have corgis chase me anywhere
moss this moss that moss this moss that..moss back at it!
I'm so bored! It's no fun being out of work when you're broke. I've got to find a job soon or I'm going to go nuts.
Getting tired of hearing police sirens in my neighborhood.
Hahaha! Hey! Don't talk like that about Nanda and my future nameless godchildren!! XP
Best book ever on client service, "What's the Secret to Providing a World Class Customer Experience" by John R. DiJulius I.
He Sent That Shit.
would luv plan to include youth programming MT Bromo Tower Arts and Ent District proposed to revitalize downtown
Or ... You could live with ME!!! Want to teach college? x
Amanda Gardner teaches women in prison. Consistency and stability are hard to find in the prison education system.
Brian Culbertson who was already rockin the set himself brought Chuck Brown out on stage
I just wanna see some tit
Quote of the day, "Oh yeah, while you people were arguing over the Marriage Amendment, we sold the US to Iran." LOL...
My family Thanksgiving preparation began tonight. The cooking will be completed after work tomorrow, then we eat. Looking forward! Happy Day
Dinner Ians Cinnamon & Honey French Toast Sticks, 3 Servings, Organic Valley Chocolate Milk...
God this month has carried out long
artist be sure to send me your latest via email so I can put it in the mix. i'd appreciate an instrumental version to go with that
& once again you're 35, don't go threatening me.
me too Frankie is just in for the girls and fame not a good reason
Sigh.. Yep. I guess she taught the cataloging class and one of my cohort members liked her. You're right. What are ya gonna do?
HS softball: Charlotte beats Port Aransas 2-1 in one-game playoff.
1st Cactus League game vs. CWS today. Can't wait for opening day! Only 1 month to go.
I want 2 have a British accent. Theres this boy in my class who has a british accent& hes not even from England
We missed you! Maybe tomorrow? #literally #NotMetaphorically - yours was metaphorical
Who wants Brian Kendrick to win the x division title?
it's okay but why?
That's so wrong it's funny.
Sept 21 - "Visual Made Verbal Making Visual Images Accessible to People Who Are Blind or Have Low Vision" www.bit.ly/cmmA3c
Royal Wedding fatigue? Let's talk about an exciting event like the radio a thon for AFCH , next week!!
Action Bronson, Riff Raff and Dana Coppafeel this Saturday! Unifi Records in the house!
In fort Wayne for the day.
stay safe
Of course they would have an oxygen chamber in San Diego at a vet's office. We don't have one here in Fresno for people!
Sorry for not doing the name rate yet! Ill do it now! :) So be continued.
#FF to the ladies I can't wait to see in a few hours -
The School of Criminal Justice graduation starts in a few minutes. Congratulations to all of you out there!
sorry, Amy. I tried to look it up but I don't own the pattern. Will RT for you, though.
There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count and those who can't.
Niggas acting dirty
Hows it looking out there tonight?
This dumb chicks yell sounds like a train horn...now I am wishing for one to run her over
thanks!!! I was so excited when I found out that I was in a magazine! :)
i will be watching, cant wait. So excited for the record. One door closes n another One opens
How many of your webseries other than your own on your site? May be a good community marketing idea. Help me, help you. Lol
As I'm so late with my #Dolphins #NFLDraft reaction, I will blurt out my thoughts in one tweet so I'm concise AND come off like a madman...
I really don't want to have a nervous breakdown in the middle of the grocery store. Please.
Then in the parking lot of an Albuquerque , police wrote George Toledo, 62, a citation for his twentieth DWI. And they arrested him.
Tweet Mee Maybe ?
Super Mighty medium chicken lettuce tomato SC cheese... please.
I've just retired to Florida .. Lookin to purchase a metal detector. Any leads?
Visit our new feedback form on our home page: www.brooklineelectric.com
Be nice to people on your way up. You might need them on your way down.
Davinci is now offering new bundled conference room packages at several of our florida locations. Call Christie for details 877-MY-DAVINCI
According to "Tips & Tricks" email, no wifi in meeting rooms = no tweeting during sessions. :(
Good morning everyone, have a blessed day :)
Yeah, I know what you mean. I think if you talk good you should get press rather than dissing someone and get press.
We so fly, we only see them ceilings when we looking down.
So if I wanted to see what the fuss is about is there a way I can see the Knicks tonight here in SF?
I always got time for my son !
i dont hate anybody. but i can be the person you hate.
This only happens when I do something "unnatural". D:
since u dont have a crew, can we be ur crew? :D
“: Like every great thinker, Gutenberg combined other people's ideas. - #idea10”
#HUD LIstings link on my site*LowLow Down-payment.Decent condition! http:www.laurengardiner.com
"The Andre 3000?"I would shave w/that razor ": I bet Andre 3000 and Gael Garcia Bernal avoided Adrian Brody on that commercial."
SAVING STUFF FOR THE YARD SALE!!! this is how I plan on paying for the NYC trip
I have seen New Orleans more then I have seen my sons this month!
TO ALL OUR FOLLOWERS ON FACEBOOK.. LIKE OUR PAGE :D IT'S FOR YOU
and you still lying I see . you on my team today but in a few days you gonna say something out the way
We text 24/7, but when we meet it's so awkward.
Have a Great dayy!!:))
it's Deion Branch #PatsTriviaTues - Pick me!!! I want the Super Bowl hat!!! :)
Does this mean Klaus is gone forever? :(
Happy New Year
Wishing a happy birthday to ! Have an awesome day!!!
Cracking open the Dinner at the Authentic Cafe cookbook in hopes of putting together a convincing batch of pupusas for supper tonight.
haha and thats cuz youre friggen awesome! thank you :) ive never gotten even half that many views before on a video
20 dollars later and you better have gotten a fuckin A.
Do you want to become a part of The NFL Experience at the Indiana Convention Center tomorrow? Then call us at: 888-493-0004 for the tickets.
: Q: How does ones gay marriage affect my "traditional" one? A: #Marriage no longer your exclusive privilege
Just finished Trust Agents. Thanks to you & Julien for compiling your thoughts in one easy-to-reference roadmap. Next one?
Congrats to our Red Pin Party Winner Michael Donovan - Michael please e-mail to claim your party!
sure about that
thanks josh, definitely one of the strangest articles I've written
have done :)
A little bird tweeted and I thought it said that it was your anniversary. Have a great celebration today!
that I climb. The spot gets smaller & I get bigger, tryin to get in where I fit in, no room for a niqquh but soon for a niqquh it be on ...
Four days till the beach!
My grades are as I expected, whether thats good or bad is up too yall cause I'm not telling lol
oh to be a fly on the wall: national singles cougar convention in palo alto. really.
I love garrett but man he needs to shave him face! :O I'm sorry.
Mexican sandwich shop in Union Square, check it
“: I Was Plannin' On This Bein' Somethin' Worth Mentionin' . Energy Invested In Someone I Saw Potential In .
Appalachian Granny is creating fresh No Bake Cookies on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
That Miller Lite punch top can seems pretty dumb
BIEBER IS THE WINNER
Not sure why I'm so tenacious!
is off to Georgetown for the evening!
Our wireless network is back in action! Just goes to show, if you have enough Apple products in the house, you can do almost anything.
#OWIF: Oh cr*p, she hired a freakin' merchant marine to housesit! I have to go disarm the buggymelon before he kills me...
A NO HITTER FOR JERED WEAVER!!!!
And one!
shaq jus to dominant during his stretch
RAGE TOOT FLURRY!
Me too. We should go.
#iidol Joshua & Jessica duet was my favorite!
The Orioles locker room after reading all these
Hey! Are you going to be in Minneapolis tomorrow?
everything is so confusing today :/
You would like that one haha
foreal! You too BAD!!! ;)
yea he been took it to far
Karl's incredibly wise. RT : Karl Pilkington is unquestionably the greatest man alive.
luke-warm baths are so much more relaxing than ferociously hot ones.
lol come on! Im giving u a year.
Daily Dose of Goodness: "Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." - Albert Einstein
NOO! I've gone to zero gravity a few times though
sure. I think it's fine as long as it's not a crazy amount of them. please don't post future timelines though
spotted on M street in Can't wait until the new restaurant opens!
call you later today, mister
i've been watching serial mom. kathleen turner is so good. WEAR YOUR SEAT BELT.
No contract. No work order. BREAK THE RULE, BREAK THE CODE, LOOSE RESPECT AND UNION DOOR CAN BE CLOSED ON YOU FOR LIFE! RT!
happens with hin we can only see wht they chose to show. Think about Demi she didnt show until she exploded. Ofcourse & i plead that
Just ate a 440 calorie candy bar. I REGRET NOTHING.
At #asgoesJanesville sneak peak in Milwaukee. This film is going to rock.Wisconsin. Much more to see then released clips
when are you going to follow me?<3(:
That's a great one! Glad you are feeling better!
To All Of Us At GravelBone ~ Have a Happy Metal Christmas!!!!
I've been working so much lately I haven't had time to tweet. I feel like such a loser.
Found himself to be the only person booing at Sheriff Joe at the Phoenix St. Patrick's Day parade. Not surprised.
yea I understand I'm n memphis
I know! If I lived over there though, I probably wouldnt like it at all! LOL!! :)))
Foo Fighters and Cold Play have the arena rock thing down pat.
When people try to talk to you in mid repetition.
oh hey Kemally Mall!
I Had Tha Best Bday Weekend Ever..
good looks bra and thanks for the rt
-In cs wit my crazy people md ETC.: Dey annoying but i gotta love em
Marble Doctors refinishes your Marble Floors by grinding, stripping, repairing, and polishing will bring your marble back to life.
Monday Mantra: “What you seek is seeking you.” ~ Rumi
Could really go for some Mighty.
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience.Elbert Hubbard
God i wish this year all my dreams will come true........A positive attitude can really make dreams come true - it did for me..
Beastmode inning boys! "\ /"
She's "hiking the Appachian" trail
Literally no one here is eating I feel like one of those 80 year old womaen who eat at 4:15.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
well if you haven't noticed by now we believe in big families.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #football because he tweets just the right amount during football season
even tho its MY party day i got a surprise for u....(;
^What seems like the right thing to do could also be the hardest thing you have ever done in your life. - Unknown
You are amazing, no doubt.<21 :D
Revolution Web, The Aventura Printing Company That Leads The Way In Web Development And Integrated Marketing. 866-970-2532
well guess I need to come over then lol
shouldnt u be spending money today
I remember the collective gasp and the slammed door: Rock Hudson had AIDS, 13yo HIV-infected Ryan White wanted to attend public school.
Little known fact: natl childrens' book ambassador katharine patterson has a red arrow tattoo on her toe.
you are too kind. We are so excited to hear about a growing #coworking community in the Tri-Cities! Rock on, team.
Might be time to rethink that 'houdini' handle if you can't even escape a photo ;)
because many shows don't allow people to bring in SLRs or anything of decent quality.
In honor of "Can You Walk Away" opening today here's an #FF dedicated to #HumanTrafficking:
One of these day im jack a bitch
No LMU practice this Saturday and Sunday due to pool closure
mama's little baby loves shortnin' bread
Knowledge can be communicated but not wisdom. ~Hermann Hesse
Happy Thanksgiving break! Look out post-break for some new Agency action...
Miss Vicky is writing a blog about #JusteLove street teams? That's us!
I love you, pseudoephedrine.
I have a feeling its going to be a great summer. :-)
Torts, does size matter?
its raining! In the car with (:
Imma get a tattoo of Chara dropping Henrik after the whistle.
To the creator of CHICK-FIL-A sauce...
Wow that's Awesome! Thank you for that amazing shout out. ; )
Last Night was the shit!!!.
But last night was to fun it was nice seeing old faces and of course I meet some new faces as well overall it was a good night
is taking over... They're on the rampage in Downtown Takoma. Watch your asses people!
we're going to have a beer soon
people killing up black folks cause they mad black folks are complaining.
Watch out ! might have just found a new co-host.
Sign of the times, both Jason Esposito and Nick Delmonico announced their signings with the Orioles on their own twitter accounts
I like your article on the Future of HiFi. 26 y/o here on a daily quest to convert music lovers to better sound!
#imthekindofperson you take home to meet the parents...**you said they liked me...of course they did..I'm me dummy**
Keep your fingers crossed - but my #gmail might be functional again
when you catch my fade
RBMS this has been an amazing event. Not over yet but I couldn't wait. Many thank yous to all involved and scholarship donors.
High schools seniors participating in #collegeshirtday, share your pictures with us wearing your St. John's t-shirt via #stj!
#super8 before midnight. Not the usual night owl vibe, but still a heavy fanboy demo (albeit with an average age of 35 or so).
The poetry I write&recite has people hype,but the definitely understand my Passion&FrustrAtion.
Thanks for the RT's YOU ROCK!!! :)
Was the Occupy Wall St. Movement the type of thing that PIPA/SOPA was hoping to censor and keep from gaining momentum?
lol w.e floats your boat
Two is most definately better than one. <3
I just finished a 2.03 mi run with a pace of 10'34"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
my thanks to all the folks who came out to MusicFest yesterday, it was a huge success!
Great episode of xfactor tonight. Time to lay it down.
Thanks for following Amir! is a phenomenal actor. He knows how to emphasize which part of him to be any given character.
I thought you might
No but we have been gathering information. We also have the book..Solar Power Your Home for Dummies. We just need $$
i will
Alchemy, Cafe Coyote, The Prado ... three of my favorites!!
I wrote an essay about writing an essay...
Shoutout to for a FABULOUS photo shoot!
I AM A FAN! YOU GIVE ME CHILLS WHEN YOU SING. FREE BIRD WAS AWESOME, MANS WORLD WAS AMAZING. I HOPE YOU WIN TONIGHT.
Time to get my party on
Cupcakes from for breakfast... Never heard of a better idea :p
My wife, daughter, and my daughter's friend are in Denver for the Women's Final Four. Trip of a lifetime.
Looking for musicians to help! If you know of any please send this link www.USAMusician.net we are looking to help the RIGHT musicians
Time to worry about me and not u!
aw....that's so cute. and you kinda dressed alike!
Lakers fans are the most sensitive, cause if they win, they over hyped, and if they lose, they mad cause we all know Lakers don't lose... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
i go to mexico almost every single day
All my eyes can see is texture, texture, texture! Great meetings this week with PORCELANOSA - Miami.
I've spewed horribly this month, playing endlessly. I'm trying to get back on the hardcore poker grind now.
be nice boo or you ain't gonna get no cake.
yayyy thank you Steven! !
Iha Swyping ...s th a is annoyi...nothing is spell right at all until now
I betrayed my Rick 4001-D to finance a fleeting affair of the heart, but still, I hear her deep treble resonance in the corners of my mind.
Jack are you working the clubhouse tonight?
ok 1 vote for so far..
haha yes. Actually, is built using ColdFusion. It's open-sourced now. It. Is. ALIVE!
think I spent over 5 grand today. Got the TSV and I'm in love, love love. Thank you!!!!! Keep it coming
SDSU was founded March 13, 1897. I was founded March 13, 1983. I knew there was a reason my path came through here!
Super excited for our interview with Pageant Fitness coach Walter Lewis. Tweet us ASAP for any questions you want answered!
Congrats Sheed!!! I look forward to seeing you in the play in the future. Stay focused on #Him!
...become blameless & pure, children of God...in which u shine like stars in the universe as u hold out the word of life. - Philippians 2:15
Many thanks everyone for the RTs!
How bad does the NHL need Boston, Philly, or NY to advance to the cup final?
are you going to speak at church tomorrow? Would love to hear you speak.
Whe sunburns peel, the risk of cancer increases by 50% Persons with more than 40 moles have close to 3 times the chance of skin cancers
sweaty feet. red toes. 90 degrees. my sunday woe.
Wth? It wont let me post pics!
Dinner at cafe sphere with ex clients. They want to come back. Poor dears.
Thank you so much! glad you enjoyed hearing about how Mllennials want to game the system
Glitch in Outlook created nostalgic typewriter effect: Cursor wouldn't go back to allow editing. After restart, now processing words again.
Haha, he would kick my ass...
where yu at
"Marriage is honorable among all and the bed undefiled, but fornicators and adulterers God will judge." #Heb.13:4
give me a lot of money
Please follow me so I can reply to ur mes...
From my peanut. ;)
We got a partial sponsor with BOSS innovations here locally... always room for more sponsors! ;) Plenty of ad space on car!!
Anybody that mentions in a tweet will receive an automatic follow back!
+ I will be there for Jordan: : Who wants to see come root on #mavs fan Jordan Spieth this weekend at the
Alright, time to get going. Gotta map out Civics for the week as quick as possible. Tomorrow we're introducing the "unalienable rights".
Anybody awake?
RT : when she in the bedroom she like to play wit da stikk yeaahhh
HOLY CRAP
we're outside the garden trying to figure it out. Where u at tonight?
I am not a member but have considered it. How has the affiliation been instrumental to you?
I dont know aha , erbody in ohio hate snow silly lmao
Heading to my 1st gig at orange hills O Bar. Gonna jazz it up! 7:30pm 6510 east Chapman ave, orange
*RESCUE* Box 20-13 Poplar Grove St & Mosher St, West Balto; Auto accident, person trapped. Rescue crew popping door open.
Got a Favorite Artists You'd like to See in the Running for NEW COUNTRY STAR OF THE YEAR 2011? We're lining 'em up for January now!
what do you do when Mrs korchok is mad?
Salina what? My hometown.
he's concentrating on winning delegates - still very much in the primary race.
Leg workout so brutal I need a wheelchair.
Cant wait till tomorrow #AngelsAndGentleman comes out:)!!!
Rain or shine, looking forward to waiting in line w my #craftbeer bretheren on Sunday morning for #gtmw tix
The Red Sox are looking for OFs and have a deep minor league system. Hope the #Brewers are at least checking what they could get for Morgan.
y'all seriously can't let that go! it was just once. kay twice, but that was all. -.-
930 ET in like an hour in a half
Power is out in at least one block in Burleith.
Did i really sprain the arch in my foot?! who is that even possible??
Who's Ready for a Texas Cheese Steak Feast? It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint!
PA voters! To the booth!
I can move my knee right to left, that's not suppose to happen <U+E40D>
LONGHORNS are on tv as I'm on the treadmill @ gym. I miss Austin. HOOK 'EM!
Today is National Hairball Awareness Day... really!
Creative pros doing work in churches: don't forget that element of hospitality. It's probably the most "relevant" thing you'll do all day.
I'm going with the #Rangers & #Devils tonight!
U R followinggniwollof R U
Worst.Halftime Show.Ever.
#MomQuotes *playing cassette tapes* "this old school child , what chu know about that"
lol we should go to Hollywood too! That looks so fun!!!
U can feel the life gettin sucked out of #bulls w rose injury
Shout Out To E&J For No Fuckin Reason...
Why is there construction next door when all I want to do is sleep?
The fact that i'm reading the english honors story 3 days after the quiz. I'm a bit behind since i went to wgi friday...#Oh Well #I'mTooGood
Early??? Where are you? Just finished working on this film...now trying to catch up on some sleep
Btw Good Morning! <U+E404>
ur prego we get it, that shit happens to like 97493328 women everyday. quit trending that shit.
Good luck tomorrow to all the Tough Mudders out there!
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - Goethe
I suppose I shld apologize to all the gay porn stars for unfollowing them. (sigh) I must relegate you all to a diff realm of my life.
well I'll be gone sat-sunday. So let's chill friday ? Mabbe !
i just want to be with you .... it upsets me that i cant
TRAK is actively seeking information managers and information science professionals in #CA! Contact me for details.
If you feel you can not fly... Take my wing and we will take flight together!
Yeow - Thanks to everybody for all the support!Now need to be serious activist not happy filmmaker ie: more Q&A dancing :( who's with me?
try being a cop and having to go to court evry month. I'd prefer yalls life style
Better than the iPad Retina Display?
": aha :) you're sweet !" I'm passionate towards the ladies
thanks Danny! I'll check out your site and let you know before I would come. Thanks for the link !
I was busy :/ but now I'm here :) haha
I think he was specifically saying that focusing on cutting gov't spending during a recession is no good.
RT : Robbed raped and murdered
#RN20 day 3, and I still can't get my best friend out of my mind, I miss you like crazy bud. And I know your looking down on us. RIP brother
Enough tv..gonna take a shower and go out.
uh no way. I cringe thinking about seeing/hearing myself on tv!
I'm just going to keep my nails how they r cuz no one can decide which one is the best
are you all set up? Yay
that was amazing what you did on shark tank today! Congrats I hope billy jr and yourself make a ton of money! Good guy!
Nope im at home.
Oh Will Ya is mixed
. . .have lots of latitude to build provisional Utopian spaces, and see them flourish. . ."
Crowded truck stop restroom. Dad hunched over his son, showing him how to use a urinal. Oh my god. Why. Iowa.
I can't stop singing "She Will Be Loved." I'm going to have to do this one as my next cover video sorry guys. The Lazy Song will come after!
I agree. The post talks about Springsteen and Rage Against the Machine's version of "Ghost of Tom Joad" too!
These FOX announcers are annoying!
Drupal 7.10 now available as a one-click upgrade for all Pantheon sites. Just sayin'. ;)
i am beside myself with retweets right now i feel like i'm making a difference
Brain tumors are the leading cause of cancer-related death in children. #BrainTumorAwarenessMonth Help raise awareness 4 kids!
Bands looking for a sponsor? Shoot me a email:
It's funny how they actually try to act. You're not paid for that. You're paid to bone. Lololol
LMFAOOO omg good times, and the kid that was riding his bike we were scaring the shit outta him aying caakaa
who knows if its true when Aceves is the source Meatman! Either way i cant stand Beckett
Back at 24 Hour Fitness with the hubby!!:)
how much
I have a contact hangover from the guy sitting next to me on the train last night
DeLoura wants veteran developers to take games from underrepresented communities and promote them (his example was South Africa)
I sure hope your bro gets to 10 Million followers , Lmao , #hacked (:
Still Up In The Shit..
Screw finals!! #scrub ish
lol good morning! I see you've been bored! We'll have to change that! I think ill keep this one for a while lol
Just got to the PC. Any streaming of the U-23 game?
10 More Minutes To anwser. what is justin bieber middle name
It's good to finally see Katie but Caroline can take a hike!!~
We went, we worked, we conquered!! @ ActorFest. Thank you so much Krisha Bullock for helping make this event the great success that it was!!
ayyee I got wrk 7am lol. No choice but the weak sauce.
Why did Chilly Willy want pancakes anyway?
Yes, definitely! My sts are astonished when I ask them to find and use and assess a new tool. They expect "use this."
Just booked travel to SLA 2009. $214 on Continental round trip SAN to BWI
hi. I'm John.
Not only are you my mother, but you're my bestfriend. Happy Mother's Day to the best mommy! <3 I wish I could be there with you today.
Great idea! University outreach centers that focus on global issues are another good resource.
#TheVoice decisions are happening now on the Westside...crazy!!!
It's morning. Ugh...
We need Senior Production Designers...
CNN: It would be tragic to do anything that might hamper the banks in their quest to take your money and sit on it
I think it's sweet <U+2661>
I have never been so consumed and I've never loved it more.
Midlifers, it is here! Dm your favorite fall memory to me and get a mention for yourself or your site in the Fall Into You TMT mag issue!
Owning a bookstore is a dream come true for us.
Recently found an obsession with #NP Hypnotico <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
movie night? after the playoffs of course. sup knox?
Oh that's yo girl damn nigga you ain't learned shit
We have the best advisor! ;-) “: Love seeing all these teams checking in on […] They totally get it.”
ur blowing up my phone but its ok because i love seeing u name :)))
Welcome ! We're so happy you're here!
M! Have you ever tried cherry limeade pie? Key lime pie with cherries and whipped cream on top. SO.GOOD.
"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month."
Do you agree? "News is something someone wants suppressed. Everything else is just advertising." Lord Northcliff
you're hurting my feelings even more..... <U+E403><U+E413>
Poor #Sherrod. We'll miss you :'(
"do people know how awesome you are?" student working on a research paper this morning
UofL students, SGA voting starts today! Make sure u log onto Ulink to vote!
anyone know any good Flex developers or other Twitterers to follow? RT
Biggest tragedy of information retrieval in the modern world: I can never find any lols when I want them.
Is that a fact? 20 to 25 carries? Is there a universal law of RB's I'm unaware of. Leave the genius to the pros.
Man I miss this weather out here
duh!! i said it didn't i
I Jus wanted to ask you a few things about the industry sure you can help me better then most. You gonna be in cols. Anytime soon?
goodnight, star!
you're so welcome! i never got a chance to say hi. :( but thanks for replying to my tweet. <3
Thank you for the mention and the follow.. XOXO
I'm confused by that one?
Is it wrong to feel pumped? Love Tebow but have to look at Manning as.....MANNING!
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithFloppin Flop Five
#milwaukee AZEK BOARDS AND MOULDING IN STOCK, IN STOCK, IN STOCK
Winter Classic in Florence, KY Jan 21-22. Call Jason Betts 502-439-8034 for info or email
Where your focus goes, energy flows.
1 more. Biting back. Wind has picked up.
nothing yet - very cool - hope you like it!!
When is this super moon revealing itself?
Downloaded songs. I open the music part of the app and it tells me that I should see playlists from my media app. I don't.
Cats beat Michigan ten seconds into OT! Game winner by Billy Glass.
S/O XOX_VOGUE FOR THE FOLLOWBACK
New babbyyyy cousin!
Have a fab one!
: FYI iBird Pro is on sale for only .99 versus 29.99 in the apple app store!
just woke up in the town of west liberty, Kentucky.
Only I would get punched in the arm everytime I say a book title.
Dear , please bring a wine refill upstairs to the office. I am busy and I know you are playing video games. And you love me.
Ohh what's Flipboard? Sounds fun!
So Boring!
Bravo! RT : It really does take more energy to be mean and nasty than to just be nice.
My great grandma funeral friday....smh.
Dec.31 Follow for updates
Aw! Very understandable. Do they dance when they greet you? What wonderful expressions of God's joyful, unconditional love!
Go RANGERS!! Game 7!!!!
I enjoy being at home by myself , that'll all end next week ! Kids & mama all out if school !
Heading to Spirit Rock for a full day of meditation and hiking with the fam.. Happy hippie mothers day!
#rockies lose lead, tied 8-8, and stadium playing ' what doesn't kill you makes you stronger'
Thanks, I'll send them along.
And people wonder why i build these barriers and why it's so hard for me to let them down for people ..smh
that's hilarious
Wow Scott!! No slicked back hair? No Tom ford pocket squares? Wow!!! you all look so young and normal lol
Back open tomorrow! Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday!
haha aw how nice of you :P
i REALLY want to but i dont know if i can have the money before they're sold out, are you getting normal tickets or vip??
#Tombrady is a poser
Listening to RT 1050 ESPN NY: "NY Baseball Tonight." Noon-1pm. Joined by Jody McDonald, talking #Yankees, #Mets, &
| Let's reconnect next week. DM Thanks!
I have to see cause I have like a million people going with me already! Hahaa :)
too true. Got the macho fries on!!
is making me try the Path app on my iPhone
How nice of reporters to use FUD when discussing nuclear reactors and emotional language to manipulate the discussion.
The sun will come out tomorrow.. Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow.. There'll be sun<3
thanks for putting it in my mind now lol
"If I change my mind, do I change my choices? And if I change my choices, do i change my life?" - Have a GREAT day!
"The Christian Right and Popular Culture: The Interaction of Politics and Theology", research paper by Andrew Rojecki at ICA 11
Thanks for RT! The HB story was inspiring to read and report on!
When I am done with exams, we are skyping for hours, k?
nxt a lil better!! and thank u?
It's fun. I'm not sure I have skills either, but it's all good. :D
shut up bitch
Why every time that Sexy and I Know It comes on do I stop what I'm doing and dance?
My #fridayreads is To Kill a Mockingbird. It's been years since I've read it. It's even better than I remembered.
Y'all are going to see a lot of me during the summer.
Yes! No doubt #iubb is back RT : What a fantastic Win 4 Hoosiers over OSU. WINS over # 1 UK & now # 2 Buckeyes!
you ready to take over the west coast?!
Buzz in WeHo is that there is more than one winner on DragRace.
God Bless u all the Animals of the World!!! I love u all so much!!!!! Xoxoxoxoox!!!!!!
Why does it seem like I never talk to guys in my own damn state?
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie by Laura Numberoff: Give 'em a inch...they take a mile!
I only need certain people in my life.
better than no response at all =) Happy Friday!
Be careful who u call ya friend #RealTalk these nigkas be worse then bytchs be fo them dollas
So proud to live where the greatest stars were born Demi Lovato ,Selena Gomez,Beyonce and soon to be Austin Mahone It's Texas!!!!! Yea!!
reminded again not to express my opinions
Am so behind on twitter. kicking myself for not being there last night. but, if all goes well, there will be more habs games!!
So nice to have you 2 w/ me at breakfast this morning - love the video! Eloquent, meaningful msg from 2 handsome guys!
There's stats, I don't know them off the top of my head.
hey i got a show opening up 4 this sat u should kumthru
The pleasure was mine.
So much for getting up early today...um whoops!
that Chris rock audio is really bad!!!
Cookout at Strouds!
DUDE! YOU MESSED UP MY NAIL POLISH!!!<U+E059><U+E00D>
i think i switch it up everytime i write it
I've been laying in bed for 15 min now and I just can't force myself to get up. Ugh. Gonna be one of those days I think
Now A member of #PRSSA chapter to later become a #PRSA member.
it's hard to talk its so sticky good.
I'm going to sleep. *waits for y'all to wish me sweet dreams*
even so I must tip my hat to them for writing in such a succinct & concise manner-even the abbrv are impressive & creative!
RT : Natural user interfaces are key in changing energy behavior. Easy and automated is the only way to change the world.
It's coming soon!
It surely does. You have to look hard to find stuff. I don't like it.
Simon is vacuuming my bedroom. I love mothers day.
i hate losing followers
Fool me once fool me twice fool me a bunch more times but soon or later I will catch on to it and leave ur sorry ass!
At work waiting for 7pm
Super utility guy.
I been a fool for you, you gave me the run around but its over now, its over now.
Dear Universe - When I said I wanted a small stack of large bills, I meant cash, not invoices.
this Asian boy at this party is HIT ...
I've read data that only 1-2% of 'ads' results in direct commerce; 7-10% of items listed for sale actually "sell".
i just saw this..i did nothin called me & i was on my way to sleep lol
Deuces to the classroom, welcome to your dreams.
Adventure Time is awesome. Best cartoon ever.
I feel shot selection is an important part of it. Whatever you want though, I'm in.
- Thanks for a great job!
10:30pm central I think. If you saw my highlight reel that I posted you'll know which F bomb they'll be making fun of ;)
Ain't that the truth. When someone tells me they have an idea for a movie, I respond "Just one?"
me to
Time for defense to pick up the offense.
can it be friday now? ready for nyc weekend asap.
Bored and want to hang with someone!
#incollege it's rre you talk to people in class
Managing our TNG content is always a work in progress, but we will be trying Sharepoint in 2011. Please share what you learn!
Cornelius Harris schools about Detroit techno, records, submerge, and Afrofuturism
I'd be so lost without my mother.
and shoot a charity golf tournament?!
nothing to do in Oslo- the city is shut down for game 7... big surprise- not
Headin to rumpus room for lunch with the lady
I just had to watch make it or break it. Some mahomie I am
Hmm. I dunno..
I'm taking the Downtown Metro subway by myself for the first time today. I'll either end up dead or somewhere in Pasadena!
Happy Anniversary! The cake looks beautiful!
#TimeMag cover. That's how Robert Conrad and Michael Dunn should've posed to promote 'The Wild, Wild West' on CBS.
#LiesGirlsTell , "This iS My Real Hair" ,.. Bitch You Know You Bought That From The Dollar Store !
25 fresh hungry minds to feed Web Standards to. Spring 2012 semester here we come!
Since joining a gym 4 1/2 months ago I have put on almost 20lbs of muscle. Jesus. 165lbs. to 183lbs.
THE GENTLEMAN!
Unfortunately, didn't get to play in #mtgocc. But hanging out and watching the festivities was a blast. Grats to community team.
cool:) Already we will meet there, if God wants... :)
Guess who woke up wide awake after 2 hours of sleep?!?! Girl right there <---!!!
My God if I can hear you swallow when you drink, you're too loud
White Bear Lake #Redbull racing home to be there for birth of his child. KSTP-TV at 6pm.
Happy Easter! from Salute Wine Bar & Cafe. Come see us for Latino night, April 6th. After party!!!
I got a Sally Hansen Insta-Dri color. It was fairly cheap and really does dry in about a minute. Just one coat.
all love back. Thanks bro...
HOPE UR ALL HAVIN A GREAT FRIDAY!!!
hey hey hey
let me know how you're feelin it's on me.
Whats difference between me and you.? Is that I'm a real kind show, this rap shit Id really do it..
I will
busy working studying
Social media rule no 4: use a variety of posts and repost
Haha! Good one. I like to go MIA every now and then ;-) That's because I haven't caffeinated
nice. Stanford as some great iOS video podcasts too. They're all objective-c though and I'd be more into a ruby based class
nope, but I have gifture.
I want dairy queen(:
Toddlers and Tiaras scares me..... i mean what kind of moms force their kids 2 do that?! and then they get made when they act like snobs smh
lol we is so yu know what to do
Oh my God.
adair has threatened to cut me off 99+ times shes such a wife
I just sent some tap shoes and fried chicken to Herman Cain's house via FedEx
My platform heels are not that small...and imma need WAY WAY more pairs of shoes than that!!!
Why is a toothless dog like a tree?It has more bark than bite.
sadness flies away on the wings of times…
Good morning Twitter! Just thinking, remember when stupid people thought it was patriotic to call french fries, Freedom Fries?
i'm tired of doing everything alone. i want a life partner!
Just because I'm single doesn't mean I'm ugly. I chose to live a happy and free life without drama.
I signed you up for the pizza hut mailing list.
It's windy outside but it's calm inside the Cafe today. Take refuge.. have a moment to yourself and enjoy a beverage with us.
BEING SINGLE IS BETTER THEN BEING IN THE WRONG RELATIONSHIP.
Share my video please
Somewhere warm, but probably won't get to til August? Looking at a yoga retreat in Greece!
Ah, the smell of fluffy towels fresh off the fire escape.
People who have zero sense of humor
1 gram of protein for every pound of body weight. This is crucial for those of you who want to shapen those muscles.
WHAT?! Adam Yauch died?! Holy crap, no! No no no! ):
Haters hate that other people like something they don't like so they hate them because of the persons likes.
Does any News Media Junkies who enjoy following Current Events care to chat on here tonight? Send a Tweet!!
going try a different way. hey more info on the bylaw change re virtual membership please?
Nunn & Wantchekon on Africa: "Ubiquitous insecurity caused individuals to turn on others...kidnap, trick, and sell each other into slavery."
Happy b-day!
IU Jazz Combo concert tonight in Ford Hall at 8:30pm! David Linard Trio then Aaron Bannerman Group! Check us out!
SUCCESS BEGINS IN YOU! #Respect / #Achievement / #Individuality / #Self-Discipline / #Trustworthiness / #Courage /
Heard bohemian rhapsody on the radio today. So epic
hey , that's the same time the coffee maker starts
Yeah that Miniature Tigers album is rad! They're blowin up!
of course
did u see wat I put
My front door paint is peeling off! OWF got the remedies …
me too! it was in my car until I left town. they were the best of their musical cohort.
what an amazing opportunity! enjoy!
Suit skirt debacle this morning has a happy yet mysterious ending. The stain disappeared!
Nothing but fuglies at the club. Lol oh well that's why you have your girls! :)
Vacationing with a 3.5 year old is infinitely easier than vacations with any previous age.
Twitter recommended that I follow Kris Humphries, Big Boobs Big Tits and Merrill Lynch. What the hell have I been tweeting?
did you really? Good that's what im here for
yes. Fm TL
So there is like no point going to sleep. Guess coffee is the way to go
Our HP 12a laser printer cartridge is almost $20 cheaper that the big box stores. Call 404.629.5200 or email .
I just did a spinning move wit da fork
& somebody else its cuz im pregnant...i know its not that one lol
well don't come!!!
Combine intense desire with authentic purpose and you get unstoppable energy...
KNOCK'D OUT!
but it is sometimes fun to get on with a lot of people.
Ha! RT Taking 10 yo to see The Hunger Games. "Get to the arena!" is about to become "go to your room and stay there!"
No one talks to me or Rt's me anymore.
Now testifying: professor Dr. Alex Piquero #defendingchildhood task force
I wanna link yer #FLOSSTRADAMUS #YOUTUBE #VIDEO !!
Look at my horse, my horse is amazing!!!!!
took u forever to follow back "woman of God"
When will get their act 2gether & provide reliable transportation? Took over an hr this am when it shld take 25 mins.
Just watched Fringe on Hulu Plus.
RFT ": If you really knew me, you'd know that the Food Network is my favorite channel"
abby and I are going to defund leaf blowing at our apartment complex, thats allowed, right?
I really need to get out of bed.
I can't hear the word "Philanthropist" without thinking of Charlie from It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Your avi makes my dick soft...
Was surprised when I looked at the time and saw it was only 1:53pm.
Human Dignity for Sale is about to go live..and premiere the closest thing to rap you're ever gonna hear from this show!
BREAK A LEG! Hope to see you!
On the job hunt... #austin let me know of any opportunities
We all have opportunities and talent bestowed upon us in this life, and the way we make our choices can bring about greatness. Seek now.
Md. Transportation Secretary Swaim-Staley to step down - Baltimore Sun (blog)
listen to mountain sound off their new album. It's awesome
Stiles has a kid. That's what the stuff is.
Today I discovered gifs for "Toddlers & Tiaras" and my world will never be the same again.
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined
But this means my iPad2 will be out of date! Unacceptable!
There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service. Looking to buy or sell? Give me …
Yeah you better make me dinner.
The French Resistance GOAL HIS FOURTH ON THE YEAR BRILLIANT HEADER IN FRONT OF GOAL!
Up late can't sleep....
Can't wait for opening day!!
Wish life could stand still and I could take it slowly, and it would come slowly and I could drink it in.
Ese goofy is so cute ....i wouldnt tell him tho... Niggaz get the big head like nobodys business
I saw a hummingbird!
That club set is crazy #StreetfixFrance or #StreetFixItaly connect with
Bet the ad exec who passed on the Puppy Bowl is kicking himself. Go team Fluffy.
I only like toasted subs and subway does a poor job at that!
Log out of twitter. *Five minutes later* Bored, sign in to twitter.
I know, &Fanny Pak is like a classic ABDC crew and they just have no respect for anyone other than who they personally like
George Karl says he's top 10 PG's he's ever seen? Damn that says a lot.
Had a great talk today about cooling your building with chilled water coils as opposed to A/C... it's the little things.How do you go green?
Fabulous meal w/ ! Holiday cheer to & !
Dark Shadows and Avengers tonight aka my ass is numb
RT "when a person shows you who they are, believe them the FIRST time" ~Maya Angelou
Earthquakes, hurricanes and tornados, oh my!
About time someone ripped into , really hope they see this. #campaignforrealhistory , lets get this going!
#typingishard We ARE tailgate in the trailer stop by and say hi!!!
wait so how we were just talking about ronald jenkees.. he comes on my pandora ... lolol
BREAKING NEWS: AZ BLAMES ILLEGALS W/LEAFBLOWERS FOR THE RASH OF DUSTSTORMS
your lucky you didn't show up to class today.
Good FSM, am I ever grouchy today. Could chew steel.
oh believe me, i still found a way ;))
Dom Kennedy thought of me when it was made..... besides the drug parts =/
Pbworks.com...how bout using wikis for strategic planning and wordless.net for mind mapping our gestalts:)?
Wishing you sunshine, smiles and lots of energy today.
u gonna have a huge party for your 1st?? Live it up!
Please Please Please Please Please Please Follow Me Please It Would Mean The World Please Vinny!<3 We Love You.Especially Me!
GoodMorning Have a ICONicDay <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> keep making us ICONiacs Proud Tell your mom i said HappyMothersDay & she had 2 amazing Babie
people who cannot be held accountable for their (in)action(s), are, by default, not trustworthy. Choose friends wisely.
#2012 i heard today that by december 21 2012, there will be 6 planets lined up in the sky. if you look up now there are already 2 it so cool
you live in heaven?
My sister-in-law, a violinist, followed me recently on Twitter. I said, "Oh! you found my secret playground!"
melatonin my friend.
I was just quoted $2800 for our dog's MRI. Seems insanely high.
What goes up it must come back down
99 problems just came on your music thing and i have to say beezy is still about 98 of mine the other is you aren't home so..
did you talk to the cards pre game? They are playing like you are on the floor with them..
Writing about the Ghost Dance.
Everyone go and follow because he's awesome and a poop head ;3
You are beautiful! Rock ya body babe!!! :) :)
Am I the only one who has a dog that plays with their treats and then takes it to their kennel to eat lol
Having wine
But...You hate chocolate. I feel like I don't even know you anymore!
I'm here
Politics is the theater of the absurd
lol and I love u back honey bunch
Been Up All Night On
Our Executive Director lived in Santa Fe and misses it and NM. Take good care of it!
wonder if they have Jamez Anthony on
at the anime detriot rave :D
lol girl I fine seen some crazy shit! Big ass alligators...lizards...I had a ball, but it's a wrap!
Creating our new fan page. Visit us often for the latest news, updates and event info.
I have a foot fetish too, but he went so overboard. That's not healthy.
There's a little bit of devil in these angel eyes, im a little bit of heaven with a wild side. <3
Such a snob. The only way to eat ice cream is from the carton with a fork because all the spoons are dirty.
Today in 1996, Metallica hits #37 with "Until It Sleeps".
Tip: Drive your commute in the AM/PM before picking an apartment. SO glad I did!
I notice everything, I just don't say anything.
haha of course you do! :)
Either she's a really ugly ass girl. Or a man lol either way IT'S ugly!!
Nose vs. ear. Hm, which is worse?
Agree RT “: I bet if all the 24 hour news networks ceased broadcasting, all our lives would get incrementally better.”
Hey you came up on the episode of I just sat in on!
Fans of #GOBBluth rejoice! Our #ArtNouveau #ArrestedDevelopment shirt is only $10 Sat. 5/5 RETWEET for a chance to win a print!
it'd be funny if people stood on the street corners and waited for work, I think that'd be taking it too far
Aaaayo, Blue Dream over here.
Eating veggies doesn't have to be a struggle. Use different spices or low fat salad dressings to enjoy the healthy benefits!
I.had to log off Facebook it was getting distracting
The spa station is awesome if you just need background music. So is the Adele station. Just FYI. :)
I'm thinking that if the #whcd is the Oscars of politics, I might go into politics.
I think they are both full of shit. I will either vote Mourdock or write myself on the ballot.
No it isn't. Take a look at the historic democratic party and you have the answer.
Black Ops 2 keeps sounding better & better. It seems like they're really changing the campaign up.
JERSEY SHORE. PAULY D. Yah buddy
People in New Orleans- no sense in driving in 1 lane when you can drive in 2.
I learned to do it on my own so fuck who saying different
no problem
Keeping the wheels turning and gears grinding | Airman Online
Johnny Tsunami the full move on YouTube.
Hi Bill! How ya doin? It IS going to be a GREAT week!
I see graffiti as art. c:
Effin loser I thought u really had something to say
Bored? Get out and see at the right now! This great Reggae band starts soon with opening bands already onstage!
cream dream?
Spending day attending Investigative Reporting seminar at my alma mater #USC. Feels good to be taking classes at Annenberg!
RIP Beard...
Don't try to play chess with checkers pieces. Ur not equipped for this game.
Will do, I went ahead and I unfollowed u...sorry
I'm doing the same thing !
We're looking for a knockout vanilla buttercream icing recipe.
As long as none of them were rattails ;)RT : A3. Found some exceptionally bad hairstyles in #buenosaires...does that count?
It's amazing how quickly a collaborative relationship can turn into an "every man for themselves" situation.
Looking very fit and beautiful, Jelena.
party in the girls bathroom. ;)
That's what I'm talking about!
CBSSports.com has issued an apology and correction for publishing an unconfirmed report that former Penn State coach Joe Paterno had died.
Celebrating DITA Maryland Youth Ballet is offering FREE classes to new adult students. Five free classes TODAY! www.danceistheanswer.org
check the email & send me some
Come and trust in my words give me your heart back again, kiss my lips, touch my hand, give me a second chance.
Jim McKelvey co-founder of Square now on stage at
MT : Stop by Walgreens @ North Park! We're there until 3:30pm giving free, confidential HIV tests. BONUS: Fresh air & sunshine!
please follow me :D 25
appreciate that, thanks
RT : Congratulations to everyone involved on a successful #Soyuz launch! It was a beautiful sight.
that water felt great, omg
Twitter jus became the wave now, lol
It has been a fantastic week so far. Activity for IEPPal has exceeded our expectations. Thank you everyone for your support and patronage.
I can't even concentrate on my school work right now. Every time the #CNN reporter says #whitneyhouston is dead my heart skips a beat. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
What took you so long? It's been almost TWO hours!
better get your JITB in now, cause the nearest one to Coors Field is quite a drive
Meteor shower this weekend?! And a supermoon? (not even sure what that is yet.) yay.
Meetings, work, friends and family all weekend! And hopefully some pool worthy weather<U+2600>
Is it bad that I've had it stuck in my head for the last two hours…?
I was in it
says community needs = education broken, gov't polarizing, mounting debt, no jobs. Rise to meet & improve community.
Yes, or tagging... any examples of users adding descriptive data.
Thanks for the reminder my phone sucks with all ur lil rectangles -_-
He makes my day without a word being said.(:
LOL!!! what bout Forrest Kirby who recruited him. Lol
I love these guys:
Thinking about converting the garage to a state university this weekend but just wondering if can help with the road.
Behind every pretty girl lies a pack of haters.
I am sofa king
happy that it's *already* Wednesday and looking forward to a pizza date tonight!
re: inflatable, heck I still have to check every night to make sure. Doubt Kate will tell me if it's on or not.
you saying can't or won't on this situation?
Brady gets so many weak roughing the passer penalties.
I hear ya. That's my last grudge but I'm willing to go with it because I don't have a better idea. Good point about the theme song.
Very excited to be at the #election2012 social media forum at the National Constitution Center. Should be fun!
Hahaha! Try NOT to think about it. As a matter of fact, don't think about anything in a hotel room! Clorox wipe the remote!
Tehre R only a few gd reasons 4 a sleepless nite - & big success on a project is 1 of them (the other I cnt tweet abt ;-))
William Feather~ A hotel isnt like a home but its better than being a house guest.
Love how i have to go out soon, so my brother decides to take a 134858 hour shower. -____- #gtfo!
same place I worked at last summer there wasnt enough room to type that :p text me when you get a chance still congrates :)
Omg I'm so tired and my feet hurt....
yeahh she did! and asked me to spell eutopia or summink like that im like huh?! unfair :(
In every community, there is work to be done. In every nation, there are wounds to heal. In every heart, there is the power to do it,
Hey , doesn't look like XM's sexiest producer ?
Suck it up
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!!!
Being yourself isn't such a terrible idea
thank u!
Luv this from : If u had an extra $50-100 to spend on something that would make a big difference in your business what would u buy?
“: This bar smells like horse pee.”- did you leave the letter n off? cuz then it would make sense.
is in the midst of writing two international awards and recognition programs for client. Amazed by feted employees' ingenuity and creativi…
I had a blast. So glad you could make it.
If I recall, you don't get a quarter life crises until July...
Go Like my Favorite #WashingtonDC #metal band They need YOU now!
I'm dedicating #turntoyou to my mom because she raised me being a single mom <3
Why You Might Sell Your Home Over the years, there are many occasions that arise that may cause you to want to sell your home. The reason
Sorry I missed this party! RT : You never know who you will run into at these joints. ;) (@ Stone Creek Coffee w/ )
Didnt make enough coffee to fill my cup. I mustve measured at the top of the meniscus instead of the bottom of the meniscus again. Dammit.
Good night everyone.
I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn't fall down.
u can get plenty of double-denim pleasure down here in NC. NASCAR cntry loves their denim, esp of the vest variety
Thanks for the video and for playing last night - always appreciated!
So absolutely bored out of my mind
We havnt decided July drawing date so far... will announce the date soon
Just purchased my first pair of "online" prescription glasses. I'm wondering what I will get in the mail. 48 bucks for two pairs...hm
No I'm not lucky I'm blessed . <U+2665>
I love Monday mornings, especially when it's pitch-black and pouring outside...
I'm might be going to the indianapolis show if there r M&Gs.
Re: ad-hoc scaling: No, I definitely haven't. You couldn't allow any "ad hoc" query. Many require large partial states in memory.
Pics from practice up on our tumblr
Will there be any bars in B-Town showing IU game tonight?
I need a office away from my office.
Definitely true. However, some contributors have donated max. to one candidate and $99.00 to the opponent(s).
*throws phone at wall* :)
I hate it when I feel like I need a person
Table booked
great seeing you!!!! Excited to hangout next time
Why's everyone quit following me :( so sadT.T
Making #glutenfree chocolate chip cookies for dessert tonight 's Friday Feast.
hate when that happens!!
- I definately forgot .
Join the conversation with hash tag #innotechatx “: What is the hash for this week's events?”
Definitely! Was a great time. I really enjoyed the topic you presented as well.
Grabbing a quick lunch with my new colleagues So far so good! ;)
Brogan can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 ? It would mean soo much to me<33
hows everyone doin??? www.vaffanculowear.com to come soon!!! wait till you see what we have in store!
I actually just woke up when I made this twitter :]
#whattheworlddonttalkabout why did they let Zimmerman out on bail for 150,000 dollars
Both print and digital archiving need up-to-date and granular metadata
I love you Miley!! You're a perfect girl!! I love your songs!! I'm a smiler with lovee!! ;)
"I don't think you learn how to act. You learn how to use your emotions and feelings"
today is retweet day..its all about the retweet baby
Dodge commercial was epic
Use code PTPA on the buy page for 20% discount through the holidays. Great gift from (grand) or parents.
Brad carried me around the store
she will I promise you baby
That awkward moment when you're taking a quiz and the teacher tells you everyone can hear your music...sorry I really get into One Direction
"Youre the hottest everybody knows"
is happy that Christopher liked it...so he put a ring on it!
Back to the casino!
you are forever my hero
Yesterday I saw and laughed a lot! So funny. Those guys together were awesome.
im coming up there on the 30th
I know I am bad about updating the show's fanpage...but I always update my page Donny Meacham
#TrueStory already got those on deck #Trust lol
#Modernfamily this is gonna be great
Rebuking the spirit of nervousness this morning with my beautiful wife in prayer. "Whom Shall We Fear But The Lord?"
Thoughts and prayers go out to the family and friends of Thomas Hecht. R.I.P
Has the highway opened up yet I'm not tryna leave and get stuck in traffic
im good, thanx! The new location is deterring me, but I would like to see everyone. If a creative task does not consume me, im there
I'm so happy you're part of the WordPlaySound community. Your contribution is nothing less than profound, Adam.
RT : RT : Don't allow laziness, doubt, negativity, fear,stress or the past to rule your life! Move forward and LIVE!.
follow back??
thanks for tweeting about the Merk deal!!
Stopped for a drink, trying to pick Kentucky Derby winner. Stumped, I told the bartender, "I think I'll have another." I did. And it did!
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name. Andre Breton
Poor little tofu lobster
RT There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs. - Author Unknown
Fun weekend
. Id take him on #dabears, as a #3 wr. Better than roy williams! We need a wr in the draft too, so dont hog em all!
get it?
it was 70 in Arizona today!!
mom and dad forgot to buy food for us. so they tried to pass of treats as our breakfast. We'll eat it of course but we are real mad at them!
#sadday and no one to text which makes everythign even worse.
it's convenient if you want to work with people in another time zone :)
just like their rap picks, they don't know what they talking about
Do not believe in anything simple because you have heard it; believe in it because you've experienced it.
If you ever have to stand trial for a crime, remember that your life is at the hands of 12 people not smart enough to get out of jury duty.
hi, I love you and you're perfect. Kbye<3
#Media – DM us for a full version of Prof. Mayer’s testimonial.
Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
New ownership Laurel Park & Pimlico racetrack may be better long term option for Maryland racing industry.
I dont sat yes i say bet ,ids cool o say koolaid ,ids nice i say dope .....just be and do u but i will never blend in wit this wack crowd.
Waitin for my dad :)
#itsClobberinTime <-- I'm proud of this trend.
I cannot call myself friends with somebody and we fucking the same nigga . I CAN'T !
What's your favorite restaurant on Fremont and why?
Do you think Jenna Bush Hager deserves to be a big news corespondent on The Today Show??
happy birthday to your mom penga!
I hate when everyone's posting about a twitter fight and I miss out because I don't follow the people
Craving that good good! Pun intended!
Given stiff competition for limited funds, how can we ensure that Mayor Bing will make children the priority?
need to go on a snipe hunt for smine
Customer "I didn't know washing down my house would make it look like it's been freshly painted" prices start $235 vegaspressurewashing.com
I got dat kinda money make a broke nigga bitter
I get when I drop a beer and open it anyway
This Boise St. v. Oregon game is officiating at its worst ... and they aren't even Pac-10 refs!
you are #ruthless and you are also #gnarly :)
Interesting that there's 33 dislikes for that video. Who could possibly dislike a penguin getting tickled? Evil, that's who.
I love it when I lose friends because they're a bitch.
how were your cheerleading tryouts?
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1" 32GB Tablet (Gray, Refurbished)
whoa, that is amazing. i want in!
Almost done. So close. Yet I don't care enough to finish.
That awkward moment when you realize that person wasn't waving at you."
great meeting you, too!
Can we get a slow clap for Gordon Bombay attorney-at-law?
Oh this my song ! Alicia Keys ; You Don't Know My Name.
I wanna start a fight
Yes. You cope with your pain and anger by mentally filing away and cataloguing each hurt, and burying your emotions with them
Ding! RT : I think grading the #NFL Draft is like grading the entire Space Shuttle mission just after it clears the launchpad
Then fell on top of the ladder when he hit bottom! Hell naw!
#Askbieber if his ass is still bleeding
Wondering who came up w/ #askacurator? Right up there with fake bacon.
Prayer releases the power and wisdom of God into a situation.
Peoples Choice Awards hosted by Queen Latifah! Live Wednesday!
#Moving anytime soon? We can help You out. Small Studio, Bedroom & 1 bedroom apartments usually cost only $210 to move in total!!!
lame! Create a new one. :)
An elephant? Fuck yeah I could take one of those in a fight.
#FF somewhere a cat is smiling for the camera
its impossible for religion to be correct considering the fact that theres a fuckin million of them and they all disagree
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked- Why is an attractive woman like you single? Because I fucking want to be.
The crazy, obsessed runner, ran out into the rain. Down came the rain and chased the runner in.
Call me a traditionalist, but I've got no interest in Pinterest.
Any #saa11 folks at the palomar coming to cocktails?
I just voted for #DAF11_SVeenhof at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
Don't Let Anyone Make You Feel Less Than Your Worth. :)
This Bitch Wanna Talk Shit But Her Adidas Leaning
Beautiful ball movement #GoSpursGo!!!
Felt nice not to have any worries, even if it was only for one night. Had the best one legged night possible with the best date,
It was awesome! Thanks again to for hosting! #StillTopOfTheTable “: how was the watch party?”
My family just dropped by! And they brought some great mom-made food! Yay!!!
I hope Alice took an umbrella on her way out West to work. :(
We took the last 2 weeks off to scour the west coast for pieces from our favorite 1960's American manufacturers: www.midcenturymobler.com
Durham, NC.
just read your fb status and did a little bit of lol'ing, if you will :)
The murals in restaurants are on par with the food in museums. Peter De Vries (1910 – 1993) editor & novelist
Oh you fancy huh!
I will admit that i love ray rice. He's adorable. Happy birthday!
When it rains, it pours. :/
BIZARRELY Update!
ok, so I was half joking, but actually.. How cool would that be??
All it takes is a lack of testicles, really.
Did I see there are direct player vs. player battles now? Not random battles but actually challenging your friends?
Check out tweets from for coverage of MADRE partners at #UN panel in Geneva!
I know what this is about LMao !
My family from Arkansas coming next week >>>><<<
thank you boo ;)
Haha no news yet
that sucks r they long
I just bought some bad ass headphones! :D
Back to the northern climes.
"Fortune favors the prepared mind."
think far and away Brockers has the most potential of any DT in this class.
Might be even more awesome: Next week - Shawn McClain of Green Zebra, working with fresh blood.
Hey twitter
That is really vague. I hope you guys get some weird videos.
I wanna travel the world and enjoy life
Today is the Third Thursday Local Music Series at the Swan Cafe (Community Food Co-op) 6-8pm. FREE.
I give directions to a major highway by telling people to go past the teepee.
Props to #OKState! Make the #Big12 look good.
hey man, yeah I'll send it over as soon as we finish the mastering.
I see!!! I shuda put on my #hellokiffy jammas on hell!!! RT
is so cute it makes me sad :( cause i know we'll never be friends :\
you have issues... MAJOR Issues
seriously!? Don't you be getting my hopes up!
The 30 Rock Mama Mia episode is better.
I know those feels
RT : Come join us on the #Motorama LIVE Ultimate Summer Road Trip on the 2012 Hot Rod Power Tour Detroit to Dallas June 2nd-9th.
did you ever get confirmation on those Sounders tickets?
but it hurts):
this interview was not an explanation it was a opinion & attempt to argue an invalid argument.
Best veggie - Riverwest coop
Create an experience for an audition.don't get the lines perfect. Watch Russell Crowe's Screen Test for LA Confidential, see what I mean.
please tell me you got that weed from or those are the best MMC's in
sorry! Your job is more important then mine. Plus I have been working since 5am
So Rhetoric, it seems, is a craftsman of persuasive belief, not a craftsman of instructions regarding the just and unjust-Gorgias,Plato,455a
Hope you had a spectacular Birthday Ted!! :)
ouch. I'd rather not go there.
Thank you for the RTs and mentions
You're never a loser until you quit trying
I need some
Looks like the Vikings aren't going anywhere. Sorry Minnesota, you're going to remain Wisconsin's bitch.
Thanks for the follow elizabeth!
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Me an Lazy Mane rappin a damn 45 Minute Set! ... thursday night at the Highland Inn Ballroom ... 10:45 o clock
wonder if anyone got tix to Philly 10/30...couldn't get though...stil.l Temp out of stock.....sad =(
I'll ask.Our parents will probably have to talk a few more times before then though...
Two-thirds of people report that they fall in love with someone they've known for some time vs. someone that they just met
All I really want is to be a #StarCraft champ. My #zerg play can get me into #platinum but I'm still really week in some areas
On Monday, December 20th, SCAN will close at 6pm.
That was just my vote... ? *shrugs*
#nazizombies if u like RETWEET this!
Rock on! RT : Hey ladies! It's Friday and time to rock the world! WOOT!!!!
The sky is calm The stars are bright. What's better than to be in flight.. I'll relax my mind...... That's my s#!t!!!!
“Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.” Albert #Einstein born #onthisday in 1879.
don't believe you
happy birthday!
Thanks! You can thank (new co-founder) for the name :-).
Ride that wave Sweetness for it will carry you through the rough times. You are in an Oscar Winning Film...let that sink in.
Small town, big dreams
give us details when you have them! I want to show up lol.
Season 8!! Cmon mann! RT : 3 was my last. :(RT it's really weird how ur not on season 4 of
Im gonna make the best of it
good weekend I actually thought of you on Friday when I was coming home and I heared nature's crack
Wow! Now that's a nice gold ring.. talk about a successful Monday!
We represent Competitor Group for their NFL marathon initiative. Would love 2 talk 2 u about it. Sent couple of emails to ur gmail
hahaha hate when that happens
Thank You! You're not alone...
I keep passing out..
Thanks for all the RT love yesterday
Thank you. Just sent words to #GrandpaFred's pastor for the church service. More poetry in his last days than time to share.
Feelin great about whats next...... some feel good music!!
Thanks for the #ff, Paul! Have a great weekend.
When Someone talks to your crush >:O
That last tweet should be on a tshirt w/ my picture next to it. If i die tomorrow someone please do that for me, thanks.
Oh So exciting! We have so much in the pipeline for it and a good backlog of things ready to be read.
well I got there on time so ya lol
Don't get us wrong, we love Madge. But halftime is feeling more like an Activia commercial than a Bowlgasm.
A small setback for the opening but nothing I can't handle! So happy I have such amazing support!!
Damn caught in the rain..ugh
It's almost Thursday. Do your part.
You are making it so easy for me to hate you!
I want #ThurgoodMemories to trend in DC lol
To see Expose tonight, or not... Help me out, Tweeps!
O_o sweet RT : I want to knock her fake fucking teeth right out of her fucking head.
I seriously miss my boyfriend and it hasn't even been 30 mins since I last seen him -,-
I love you & miss you morer!! <U+2665><U+2665>
Hoes around my parts are just basic. But ey most of these dudes are too.
should pair well with the poutine & scotch egg
Nightmare For MF Global Customers: They Really Might Not Get Their Money Back via
": #BestFeelingEver Waking up and seeing you have more time to sleep."
"Look Sharp there barrel ass!"
I'll be in next Saturday's section, already filed and edited. We'll all there.
Thanks Ocean Voice London! That's right! Only 4 days left to get some great products/vitamin support from Ribbon Naturals!
last day
Blah its not easy
President Obama won 2008 by 9,549,105 votes & will win by MORE this time! GOP STILL have NOTHING to offer voters, no ideas or workable plan
IM NICKI MINAJ DAS WHO N I MAC DEM DUDES UP. BACK COUPES UP
#raw10 I dated a Woman 4 one day n broke up with Her. She came over 2 chill n tried on a pair of my Nikes, n they fit her. I wear a size 12!
Guess who they really want to play Whitney Houston in the movie about her life? I'll tell you at 4:10 ON
I'll likely make it to the mixer - not sure about dinner as have laptop work :)
“: hmm, #iphone or #android tough decision?!” -
Olive Oil to be named potential "SUPER ALT FUEL".......yeah right! Who's pocket will they be pulling money out of? It will never pass!!!!!!
RT : yeah I am... I can't use my organs in the grave << you're about to die?
you can do it!
You need to realize that he doesn’t care. And you never know, you could be missing out on someone who does.
#lsu defense might be getting tired, no offense = tired defense!
why aren't #tmux and #vim playing nicely?
let's see if they can come back
Listening to Alabama Shakes Hold on!
finding most people to be fairly agreeable today. not going to question it.
Why do you press the buttons on the remote harder when the batteries are low?
Nothing goes with a sunny day quite like #fireflycupcakes. Come out and see us!
If you could feature the best 10 Apps for education, what would they be?
who said Joshua was gay?
apparently not cause I have no idea what that is! lol! :P
"Behind every un trusting woman is some dumb ass nigga who taught her to be that way."
Oh yeah....and a little thing called Cinco De Mayo!!
In bed time on a Saturday night... What's up with me?!
Heather Mizeur: look at all these beautiful faces! Elected to exec committee of DNC. Sponsored resolution. "We are your base. #noKXL !"
At the movies.
I don't understand why they show poker on ESPN or Comcast Sportsnet. It's not even close to sport.
RIP Junior. One of the nicest guys I ever encountered in the locker room. Very sad, whether it's concussion-related or not.
s/o to for buying me this wicked cute skirt :]
Ah, then you may want to visit Sugar Maple or even when you are in Bay View. Great places.
Damn, you don't have [REGIONAL GROCERY STORE] in [DIFFERENT REGION]?
RT : RT : Happy birthday to my sis in law !!
was gonna send flowers to u at ur job but no address saw that u were havin a bad day
not cool Ashley, not cool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Texas de Brazil with my mom
U know me bro... just working... heard u had some more good sales going on overseas... keep doing your thing bro...
Tevez i want hit that fucken jaw with my foot!
He is! We love him! :-) RT : I think is superman in your school! Lol
OH MY GOD WHAT HAVE YOU MADE ME BECOME!!!
San Diego St. hits desparation last shot and wins...
Ok I think I'm set
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
Best Actress: #NataliePortman for #BlackSwan - No surprise. Looking forward to #JenniferLawrence future roles.
we need to do these: Audience Personas = age, gender, ethnicity, location, job, ed, online behavior, motivation, goals, etc.
The real mystery of #Alcatrazonfox is how the fat guy from Lost fits into detective Madsen's '68 Mustang Fastback
I am fucking amazed that some ppl just don't understand, you're supposed to return something you ask to borrow.
What better way to enjoy a Saturday night than watching the news? Two hours until I'm at the desk:)
COOL FUCK YOU
So I'm digitally recording the band concert and there's a legit manual tape recorder set up here... The guy said, "Here, listen to this."
We should totally! I'm super pumped and want to make sure to get the most out of it!
Damn Hank that's a flashback! Completely forgot that.
How much time have you devoted to #marketing your business today? Do you have a marketing system?
album art is taking shape
The announcers on YES are clowning Ozzie for his choice to bat swisher first when he was on the sox seems like it's always been questionable
obie crib. Txt me
get fired up like a smokin' gun
lo yes.AND NO SAGGING IS PERMITTED. o and my mom is putting me in a private school next year. .-.
I stay with the turtlenecks , fuzz . You should be worryin bout your friend's neck gettin SNAPPED !
Fearing God is constant awareness of his presence and consideration of what he may allow for your own good if you stray.
Memphis don't want to be GREAT! They finna be #GoneFishing LoL
It's the most beautifous, gorgeous day outside!
w/Get User name
How you manage to fit 4 cuss words in one sentence amuses me.
boogie on reggae women
u notice there's nomore features like that anymore I miss those 90's era listening 2 r&b with the girl u like long phone convo's
Come join us @ The Loft @ La Stanza in South Philly for another Great Networking event Guest Speakers You won't want to miss
Im so jealous of He saw Springsteen in concert.
"I've always thought Jewish women were the most beautiful women in the world" - Roger, Mad Men
Nick Cannon has me dying lol !
I love you to but your
You will be missed! RT Due to our moving, we aren't able to attend tomorrow's Little Italy Mercato. Apologies for any inconvenience!
I know we are here on the east coast.
I'm following you because you're funny and I need a good laugh every now and then. Keep those comments coming - no pressure..
We can help you out with that!
I know what ya mean, I've had knee replacement and now insurance Co won't even look at me. I was an Ironworker for 12 years.
this article focuses on a select sub-set of people/views. not everyone who prefers the city is rebelling or full of angst.
Merry Christmas babe<3 I love you so much<3
We offer hard money (private money) for commercial, construction, rehab, and development loans in 14 states. Eager to lend.
Just South. We thought BAA was hit. But Napoli rolled cell phone video just retweeted it.
Guitarist finger fasterDrummers hit it harderSingers do it louder and bassists do it deeper
It might have been worth a try.
and are coming over!!:)
Justin BROgue
but he's fine with Hart's hitting struggles in playoffs and his poor coverage in right?
Rent My Vacation Home Reports on New Rental Prices for 2012 - Seattle Post Intelligencer
we did it!! Yay!
12:13 am i magic now?
Skappleton MKE is TOMORROW NIGHT! Saturday, April 28th! LAST CHANCE FOR those cheap presale tickets! Don't wait! Come dance w us!
Then you shall never hold sway over Castle JuiceJointius again!!
assumption 2: relationship between the learning and the mentor Boettcher
Lol how does that happen? “ My instagram is broken !! :(”
#GiveObamaCreditfor... THe #Cubs Reliver Woes. Obama needed all the money that could have gone to get Johnathan Papelbon
me too lets talk about it
Very Very optimistic.
Froze my ass off for 16 innings and we lost......
When are you going to open your own shop?!
Oh YES!!! I saw that & swooned.
im good so tired long ass day lol whats good with you
Molly Rainford has such a beautiful voice <3
Recommended FOLLOW: GIRL CLOWN the film's talented, excellent, and award-winning director !
I see u in Philly , trying to get those abs right maybe u can put me on a plan
And I don't know of a specific show, but check out in Riverwest!
I am so hungry after not eating 4 days straight. Thank GOD for chicken soup on my sore throat. Some say "yahoo he lost his voice". NOT NOT
Vacationing, cinema style.
Any designers or copywriters in Charlottesville, VA?
i'm in a bob dylan phase
awesome! I'll message you my number so we can figure something out!
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways wanna cuddle...
great, love hearing of terrible people from my home town
Or is it worse that I don't have one now, and rely on Bootcamp?
little-known fact: joe johnson's middle name is joejohn
I am writing out our workouts right now :)
It's 1:30!!!! First 6 people to tell me who sings the song "Red Solo Cup," gets on our guestlist! GO!
The Demon Deacons are starting to get it going with 5:30 left in the half. WF 24 TT 18.
Many good thoughts and little prayers to Japan.
Yeah, I'm out of paper. I have to print out my prospectus and I'm out of paper. Right.
Creating a Real Estate blog for investors this week.
awww I'm so glad to be apart of this family! I love you justin!
Hi to & - look fwd to meeting you at #10XNYC!
#BeforeIdie I want to take heroic measures to save someone's life.
yes! We would love to try!
Wow, love this. Printed, reading, and archiving. :-) Thanks!
I used to think it was creepy that he was married to his sister. Then I was sad when he had cancer. I too need a life!
You write the paper with the data you have, not the data you wish you had.
The actors who played Seamus Finnegan, Dean Thomas, & Argus Filch in the Harry Potter movies were spotted last night at Citywalk.
ah me too!! :) love you more than life!!!
WE LOOKING FOR A DJ TO HOST OUR UPCOMING MIXTAPE
I hope the AP graders don't take off for derogatory language. I'm pretty sure I compared things to a "Jew" like 3 times.
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. ;)
Busiest store at any mall...Apple. Stores are insanely crowded.
welcome to the US! stop by LA?
It's always a good day for a little #fro yo! Cake Batter anyone???
Don't know why he likes me........ I really don't know what to do!!!
It usually does :)
LMFAO!!! That wasn't meant 2 b funny but, DAMN! *Drops Head*
I will be holding a Neighborhood Town Hall meeting tonight at the Sherman Heights Community Center from 6:00-7:30pm. Everyone welcome.
heelllp...time is running up on me... Smh lol (thanks for the reminder J) lol
The is so beautiful it's the Sistine Chapel of comedy clubs, and I'm like Michelangelo's David because I perform nude.
Yeah I don't think they will let me drive the megabus, but I always try to sit closest to the front. Such a lame problem.
“ #GuysShould Text a girl, "Hey beautiful..." and you're already making her whole day <U+E056>"
at least 8 haha i'm good, how you been... you in Houston at all this summer?
Whole Foods would not last a year. Ask Yes Organic. Same store vol. lower total purchase sales than on the Hill.
Went Xmas shopping to Costco and made it out alive. Should at least get rewarded with a dog biscuit!
Chris Interview at Dinner Table - Connor
Don't Hate
Hahaha that made laugh he even said it!
Jus knocked out a 30 min meeting in 10 mins... Must effective/efficient meeting I've ever had...
Day 3 of the Boynton Beach rec clinic hosted by Pure Sports Group begins tonight at 6.
Two presentations today -___-
Wuzzup young genius?
Congrats. Enjoy your time at home.
So impressed that is already working up plans for Marisa Silver's novel coming in 2013. These people have it TOGETHER!
67% o: dang *High Five*
What the renal colic do you know how many ugly doctors there are out there with too much chest hair hanging out OH
oh gosh no!! Hahah I should've thought that out better
cool and nope just a movie haha :)
Happy Record Store Day! Please support indie music: We could all use help. Either buy our new record on wax or another indie artist's record
The realist on the rise!!
cant have success when worried about that kind of stuff. the successful remove distractions from their life so they prosper
#InMiddleSchool people complained if you were to fat....oops my bad I meant PHAT
Handy, dandy, economical and space saving - 4/1 t-shirt printer. Start small; earn big!
Long distance relationships aren't "impossible". It takes committment, <3 , and you both have to put effort in communicating
There is a fly in my bedroom and it is driving me crazy!!
thanks man!
an you post pics of the new ink?
Oh man... so sorry! and I have been with your guys for 2 years! I will think of something else. Thanks for the reply!
Where are my game stats?
oh you mean like the person he played on the show? What was so bad about him? :0
LOL they need to do work
Promise yourself to live your life as a revolution and not just a process of evolution. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo
World History Tournament of Champions bracket releases today.
Minnesota lawmakers approve budget deal; governor's signature will end 20-day state shutdown.
Taking a Pepcid before bed to go ahead and get it over with before tomorrow morning. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
do you read many books?
I look forward to showing you around!
On to the next one
Just met the dude responsible for setting up bass nectars videos. I guess bass nectar is going to be utilizing my old motu.
Bout damn time a cracker found some strongs!
Haha what's the favor?
some kids should call their mother.
Yeah, good call. Great show too
Meh...maybe...but some people do need a punch in the face...no way around it!! LOL!
cinco de mayo!
Hello everyone! Andi Miller, Director of Interactive Media f/The Commons and longtime #highered instructor and administrator.
woah what is that?!?!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AUSTIN!!!!(: I WILL DO ANYTHING
momma in the kitchen cleaning up .
EME writers all doin' the happy dance...! RT : SHHH! I'm trying to look professional. #secretsquee!
fail guppy
Thanks for joining SaMoTech! Where did you hear about it?
3rd time through. Waiting for the office to clear out so I can get the volume to an appropriate level.
FauxNews is not NEWS at all & only those that have no brains watch it WOW, their viewers scare me w/their stupidity
Don't knock the squid ink until you try it. Eataly is a must stop if you're ever in NYC.
Valentine just needs not to call players out in Media and/or air the teams dirty laundry #Keep it in house! & win. it cures all
i really wanted to like this, but realized i'm not on facebook. but i whole heartedly agree.
TODAY is the last day to vote and be entered for a chance to win $1K. (For those of you who saw last nights post, sorry, I had my dates...
A diet is a penalty for exceeding the feed limit.
thee last thing i need is repeating the same story /:
In country, I'm a bigbigbig Keith Urban fan, since before he was well-known. Becoming a big fan of you, too! :)
be together? Lol am I missing something here?
I'd rather gouge my eyes out than listen to Coldplay. Lol
Who wants to go to the with me may 12?!?
In 2010, Americans threw away over 250 million tons of trash! What are YOU doing to reduce this number? Thanks for that stat!
I will def do so. Beginning today, I have stressed more "relationship" and "human" angle with #IACA parents/students.
David Peterson~ If you don't know what to do call the media and at least give the appearance of doing something.
on repeat since 3/27 when it was released.
thanks! They just have to be taken by a camera not a phone. Yearbook's rule not mine
Tonight an important Special: Hunger Hits Home. Tune in and follow
If u r a #nonprofit #board member willing to meet w #donors, ask questions & listen, then u r
#L1C4 = Lose One, Cry Forever
I couldn't tell you why either...
Is there a correlation between a blackout & broadcast in LA? Or is LA broadcast of Raiders predetermined? Thx!
Hi there to you too!
what do you think of mosquitos?
Nova +2 and hook. Good game and even better with the spread wiiner!
What type of project do you need completed for your home. My new 3D software can design and show you the new look before we start. Call me.
I'll have to get you on the next one.
&vanzetti: not only are we about to get executed (guilty or not), but now everything "different" = bad in the USA.
111 million Americans watched Sunday's #SuperBowl46. What did the other 2/3 of the country do during the game? That's a better question!
Anyone want to buy a black 64GB 3G/wifi iPad 2? I know someone who wants to sell.
lmao. its like the tin man from wizard of oz. you gotta keep it oiled and lubed carmena!
Can't wait to see tonight on #DWTS. watching my first season just for him!
Best line from "Margin Call," a terrific movie: "Explain it to me as if I were a young child or a golden retriever."
Just tried calling Sen. Patty Murray - both Seattle and DC lines are full. Has anyone gotten through lately to talk about PIPA w/ a staffer?
Why is it that I can't stop thinking about you .?
Join us TODAY 2 pm EST for #femlead chat! Mod on "Bridging the Global Divide in Higher Education"
So, yes, I'm a mess hahaha
#LetsBeBlunt selling drugs is not a real profession
Thanks for the RT
Can't wait to see all my friends tonight for our final celebration! I love what I do! And Austin and Fed Ex does too :)
I think I may have found our #honeymoon spot! Now I just have to pay and wait for April 1st to come!
Yikes! RT : Im always ON never OFF!!
but who would you trade?
#TRADHome yes! Can't wait to meet everyone!
speaking of which whn are we gonna do the killzone 3 branch cause ive been playin that a shit ton while sick
Why do people think so badly of single people, I think single people are the ones who have it easy.
Yayyyy now come visit me! Lol
Congress needs to stop interest rates on student loans from doubling in July! PLEASE!!!!!!!
It takes some getting used to.
No follow back?
Ah sleepiness ...hello bed
please follow she is you biggest fan!95
Thanks for listening luna!
Just throwing it out there, I'm readily available to replace Beadle on ESPN! Spread the word!
good point.
I appreciate the follow. #NowFollowing back!
Night dreams or ideas of what you want to do/be/experience?
“: Colin: I'm a Belieber....the kid's got talent! (HERD crew shutters)”
that's whats up!
It's about time I see Gasol.
Family is everything!!
Oh, by the way, Skyline is disgusting. LOL
yes sweating my salvadoran ass off, sleepover when I return! Your promised!
Not to worry. Stunt dog, stunt chicken. I saw her at the craft services table right after this scene chowing on birdfeed.
At chiropractor on roller table listening to Asking Alexandria <3
Tomorrow is the last day for parents to register their kids for Salvation Army’s Angel Tree Program at 1907 NW 38 St., at 6am.
Didn't know he was having that done. Glad everything went well!
Imma slap a bitch. Dead ass. Especially when im on my guyperiod, shhhh don't tell my bf we r thinking to fuck tonight
Valentine's Day Idea #387: Love notes scattered throughout the day. Add a little mystique by translating them in different languages...
Was hoping Michael Floyd would drop to the Bengals at 17.
It's LA nice. Go #Nuggets “: Forecast for Denver Thursday: sunny, 81 degrees. That's nice.”
Tyler, You Smell Like Dolphin Sneeze (: <3
RT Leaving for on Tuesday morning to shoot for in Albaquerque, NM
But I'll be honest, Bradley ranks up there to
just school
I'm so proud of , again. I've been having a lot of Rhoads moments. ONLY team to beat Oklahoma this year. Pinstripe Bowl, yeah!
I knew it! I knew it!
Haha you're welcome -- no doubt this was probably the worst year for the rivalry in recent memory
Wis Gov. Walker quietly signing more bills focusing on taking rights away from women and workers.
Hey, everyone... I was under the weather. Look forward to a post later this weekend. Thank you so much for your attention. :)
The Huffington Post Wins Its First Pulitzer Prize
who wants me To do the whole 20 things about me?? I need at least 10 YESs
Bout to buy a bb gun ...this shit is ridiculous
omg i saw xD
“: You all did a great job. #ravensnation is the best” sounds like it was an awesome time.
Never again...
We all live downstream. Wake up. - David Macauley
the search is over we can all go home now
UR DOCTOR SAID THAT!!!?? RUDE
Josh Hamilton can win the Preakness, but won't have enough endurance for the Belmont.
I hope.. I really hope wwe puts out a 3disc Goldust dvd set! I'm tired of reading your wiki over and over.
sounds like a great Friday night! Looking forward to seeing you tonight!
#NedsLineupThoughts Can I just option Omaha up here for the night?
Editing our new Green policy with pen and paper. I'm feeling a bit conflicted this morning.
Hey plz hit the follow button plz I'll give you a cookie if u do lol IDK well hit that button plz plz :):)
"Everyone gets a fair shot...everyone plays by the same rules. " Hellz yeah!
Woke up to folks lined up and down the sidewalk outside our apartment... Something going on today along Monroe in Madison?
Thanks for the RTs! Have a great weekend!
It's scissors to the hair lol
Today's "career model" looks more like it has throughout much of history: do lots of things, build skills, create new ways to earn a living.
Oh. Darn. lol. Lucky!
thanks! PHEW! That was a real nail biter. I'm so pleased with how many backers came to support!
Lovely lazy day - one week away from relaxation :)
If ever there was an argument to give a show a chance past the pilot, it's #Girls. is fearless, funny, and authentic.
You deserve a crown, bitch.
Being medically retired would have been the best choice. But he is being medically separated which is the next best option.
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryan
From Justin (12:10pm): Very few showers for the afternoon and more breaks in the clouds but high temps stay in the 50s.
When I was in NYC, some street seller convinced me to buy an "I <3 NY shirt" when I first washed it, it shrunk half its size
Just had a look at ebay...a few interesting items. Maybe one day...
Dinner at #cafe50s!
Goodnight lawlorffs <3 and remember #lawlorffsrule and we are all family. :)
bullsh*t talk at it's finest!!!
RT : RT if you have an iPhone , iPod, &/or iPad.
Time to figure this social media thing out with and
Happy #TravelTuesday to some of our favorite #Hawaii hotspots sure to see ProBowlers
1 oreo crushed/mixed in a white choc strawberry yogurt = heaven on earth! OMG!! Day 55 of Project 365- Happiness- this makes me VERY happy!!
15 more minutes(:
Hangin with the girls=] I hope tomorrow will be a better day!
A decade ago, no #toy #breeds were in the top ten popular breeds of the #AKC. Now there are three.
get subscribers on youtube D;
#WeCantBeFriendsIf you continuously brag, you make every single conversation all about you, and you act like a know-it-all
3rd and 29? Wyoming do you realize its time to step up and play?
SO DID I !! "Hi sweet little tick. Which of my vast collection of songs is tickling your fancy this morning?"
): a ballon just poped in my face ):
They paved paradise and put up a parking lot. Got in my car,tuned in to KTRU,nothing but feedback.Bummer City-Population:Me
This is my first tweet. Hello World.
Work plan involves redesigning Lot 3 exit.
you should be at Spring Retreat!
It's a grand ol' day
What about idea to fire newly hired "Social Networking" position? Asking for ideas without honest consideration is PR stunt!
#ogw Vasquez: Find a tech champion in govt, an early adopter.
that is so cute, you are lucky!
love the Clydesdales!
First of Friends of #Narcissus mtg at #FloridaAquarium right now. Group dedicated to preserving and promoting Civil War wreck USS Narcissus
Twitter is eHarmony for college athletes... seriously, make it a little more obvious.
yes! Vanilla on Sat (tried every flavor) and then Sprinkles today.
NO! They broke the internet. BtJunkie shut down :( RIP 2005-2012 *angrily shaking fist in air*
channeling - Gov Dayton and DFL leaders mad! Gov Dayton no like Vikings stadium deal! Gov Dayton and DFL leaders SMASH!
Work like they won't - so you can accomplish what they can't ~ Dwayne Johnson<U+200F>
Me either - my boss has a really nice I Mac and now must have one for my next desktop I think!
It was great talking to you Ms Irene! I hope to have another Skype Session with you soon! :)
great post - perfect q to ask of all that historical twitter data in the LOC (how "wicked" spreads westward from 3/2006 to now)
It's on once again... Come out and party with us and your friends at SUITE 301/Roof Top Lounge on Mill Ave tonight with DJ's AKSHEN & DBX
Hospital Worker Caught Having Sex with Drunk & Unconscious Patient -
Just been one of those days where an old high school friend tells you about her abortion then apologizes with nudie pics. #whatismylife?
#ABA conference update: planning on releasing more guidance on 408(b)(2) possibly in form of q&as
eagles training camp!!!!!!!!!
Which American born Black actor is best known for his portrayal in 19th Century productions of Othello? visit www.americanlegacymag.com
thanks! we really like what we see on your end too, especially as distributors! we are sure seattleites would love it too!
im just saying!
I don't think so.
Awesome game 4! #NBA #Knicks vs #Heat #Follow us if you love #Entertainment like this! #TeamFollowback (#Heat #Knicks)
Hey girl guess what you remember javon rite of coure u do will this morning he came to be and told me that emmuanel wants 2
it says my business blue card is eligible for membership rewards, but it won't let me sign up. help!
It's a great step in the right direction. I wonder how Paragraph 4 will play out?
"I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward." ~ Thomas A. Edison
What are you waiting for..?
Pasting from Libre Office into Wordpress works flawlessly - not so with Google Docs
Someday the people we interact with won't matter. Some of them already don't.
No, I can't! At first, it was loud and clear and now it's nothing. Not good he had close to 500 in the room
so glad to hear! we agree -- is one in a million.
How can I fall, How can I fall, when you just won't give me reasons at all...
a search for the guy's name suggests that he's using electricity "in aid of medicine and in restoring suspended animation"
good and you ?
Awww the creatures!
and I would teach again in a heartbeat - if I had EITHER a good environment OR a good administration. I don't even need both. :P
A pessimist asks you if there is milk in the pitcher; an optimist asks you to pass the cream...Folk Saying.
cant wait til my stomach get bigger <3
thanks so much -- you really want it and we hope you enjoy it!
re: prev tweet, I know several WWC alums, & was always jealous of their experience. These WWC program changes make a good thing even better.
#boyfriend tune sounds pretty sick!( in a good way)
And I automatically assume the worst
you go!
did you just rediscover a twitter app on your phone? Nice to see you!
Ravens football!!!
#IDGAF , nobody puts fear in my heart .
u should Knw me better than that big head
#np High Regard - The Story So Far
Had a nightmare where I was forced to listen to an Adele song one time
Thanks so much Caprece!! RT : Happy Birthday !!! One year and counting...<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
huff puff. I hate you gasp Jillian puff Michaels. too bad huff I like the results ugh so much.
we have girls sm, med, and L :)
Once I saw the new Cody video showing tweets I knew it would not be complete without one of tweets <3 #Congrats girl!
I need to learn how to fight like these agents on criminal minds.
Getting ready to go. Gotta finish setting up for Jeff & Patsy's anniversary party!
Darn good turnout for a primary, looks like students turned out too. But some urban areas *relatively* low.
Chevy is going to have some egg on their face if the apocalypse comes and their trucks don't survive.
Outta grease and right into the ice cream shop. It's been a long day and it Only gets longer -_-
It's the weekend...and a busy one at that. Let the sun shine!
Cortney Pitts Panola College TX (Juco) grad seeking next college to earn his bachelors degree
Weather will be NICE this weekend! I need to fit in some fun between all this work I need to do!
. Anytime! Love what you are doing for #womenintech! Looking forward to coming to #Baltimore in Oct!
Stopping at nothing, and doing what's in your heart, you know is right, ...means determination
Thanks, Santorum, we ought to pay attention to our own hemisphere more. How bout just our country more?
Wisdom is knowing what to do next; virtue is doing it. ~ David Starr Jordan
I gleaking love
Just got dogged on the pong table cause I don't have a partner
It got moved to Next week because this week they're showing Miley on it, again....
sweet! Rock out!
Congrats!!:) : I did not relize how much I would love doing this musical.
Stars for 2012! The new is officially out!
you know it. Proud of you. That's the year the commonwealth was born. Cats.
Yo she actually did it lmmao
"Would the boy you were be proud of the man you are?"
Hey #sschat teachers, start thinking now abt leading THIS session! RT : is someone going 2 lead a HW session @ #edcampss? :)
At least I won't have to wait in line for the software update! Whew!
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering, and it's all over much too soon. - Woody Allen
Thanks for sharing :)
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value. —Albert Einstein
Happy VD! Don't get vd!!
Smh people play too much...lucky I laugh with it....no hate zone
list of guys who can pull off a Fedora: Timberlake, Mraz, Mars. That is all.
why we gotta be insecure and FAGGOTS though???
Thank you Erle for all of your support!
just getting more into this. So far, they've opted in on own. We're working on training options.
Cant wait to get an Upgrade!
Hope you had an awesome birthday yesterday!!
Heading over to #aam2012 to set up exhibit. Don't know what expect!
I know my beautiful women is gonna tear up the scene at her photo shoot today.
OUR CATS WOULD BE BFF'S
I knew it was gonna be her. Give her a kiss for me :) oh, those eyes are GORGEOUS
yea I heard it and rewinded a few time to see if you replied
what's up man? Have a nice Christmas?
I'm going too, yo
chillin in bed. Watching a movie(: you?
Now the poor homeless cats have to find a new home while the #NAMAS take place
Thanks all who came out last night, we had a great time rockin and rollin with ya!
Felt like I got a mild concussion in bjj yesterday.(headache, nausea) Loading up on fish oil, any other good brain supps?
I could really go for a #Starbucks right now.
or loves it. Another thing is falling asleep at 930pm right after eating! Lol
Your life is a gift. Embrace it
In nashville and spent almost three hours at the country music hall of fame. could have stayed longer if I hadn't gotten so hungry.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
that's because by phase 3, you're already "leaned" out and are burning more calories, so a bit more carbs are needed.
#iDislikeItWhen People get mad cause you not chasing they ass
just heard about it. the only reason anybody keeps a bb is for the keyboard and now they're phasing out???
I could link it with comment features, all contact information of government officials, live legislation database.
We're exited to have you on board! RT : Very excited to be writing an article on Cab Franc for the upcoming issue
Listening to reps from MIFF and NYLFF (who have both worked with ) talk about moving beyond film screening.
There should be a collective noun for many deadlines. A lot of crows = "a murder." That works: I am crushed by a murder of deadlines.
...and from special guest announcements, to kitchen patrol. What has two thumbs and does it all? ----> this guy <----
Happy October, everyone!!!
A lot of hate in my timeline towards Canelo, but Jesus the guy is only 21!! He will face tougher opponents.
Did you hear? We extended our $2 taco offerings to Thursdays as well! can't make it Tuesdays? Come on in on Thursdays!
You should work on getting the opportunity.
Steve Walker here, tune in to Generations 1023 to win a, $20 gift cert from the Cherry ave grill, tics to Oyster Fest, & lunch at TJ's Tav.
We danced and fell in love
Not sure what you think ought to improve but feel free to hit the feedback button on the page itself and tell us about it
Thank you, #AwkwardBlackGirl. Looking forward to January 12.
“ T2 people need to be transparent about their interests/goals/intentions #s4pm”
I see, thanks for the information.
the group in providing and not providing support was a non event and had avoided history.
Why does every rapper smoke weed???
what day is the concert boo?
Ditto! And now I know what to wear.
Lucroy is going into the last spring training game batting .491. Yes it's just spring training, but wow!
we have had good luck with Craigslist. Ike's stuff super cheap and fun stuff for not much more
Imma Make You My Bitch.
Sorry to all of those I may have sent "Start your own business messages" that aint me ! I am fixing it now!
Aww, thanks, Claire! I just gave my mother your book. XO!
I'm a fan of #PhilaUnion because they are a class act and a model organization.The charities and causes they support(cont)
Very excited to see and tonight. Hoping for appearances from and too!
Thanks for checkin' us out!
this thunder<<<
Good Luck to the boys back in Denver. Got to have another big weekend.
love it! stop by the registration table before you leave and say hi!
Thanks my love! Need to see you soon. Soon soon soon.
Listening to home version of Maximum Power Reading today. How fast can I read? We'll find out.
Holy shit, I guess I'm gonna have to hold off on that paper.
I'm sorry! :( but when I get back from the Washington trip, we'll hang out! Love you!!! (:
Library topic today- how can libraries at large universities connect with transfer students?
just made it in !
Daniel Handler's WHY WE BROKE UP has a sentence that is 330 words long. Is that a YA record?
Fun Fact 2: Anna Faris is from Baltimore. Anyone ever hear of the Idylwild Matron Society? Her mom was in it.
I went to a "Junior High School" and it didn't make any difference. It was still toats awk!
Red's my favorite color.
Thanks for the comment. The podcast is a way to keep productive and feeling positive during the 'between' times. God bless.
Does this article impart you some knowledge about leadership?
intriguing stubby finger? check! swears a lot? check! ergo: fantasy boyfriend
.. wonderous times now faded into the mists of unfeeling time. Gone the times mystrious, the huge engines, the trains, the people ..
It's just the beginning, I'm afraid. Pipe/slope skiers will be required to wear tighty whities in 2014.
is my bby sleep ?
heyy:) they need to plan a wedding date soon<333
Absolutely! It's all about Seattle Techno! Nothin but love for it!
L & G, A crowded subway is no place for sexual misconduct. If two adults want to get kinky, the 4 is empty past Bdfd Pk blvd 11p-3am
Just confirmed Alexander for the last three Fridays in Jan. Whahoo!!!
Everyone make sure to put in your tweets, thanks! RTv
if I could rearrange the alphabet I'd put you and I together.(;
- we will. she will get better in the name of Jesus. love ya.
All Gilbert & Sullivan would have needed to start steampunk is brass goggles.
If this was Myspace, would Tragic Culture be on your top 8?
I'm not falling for your type again..
Um, yes, I wld like to see some pics! Will do and XoXo to ur 2 men! Enjoy ur day @ home
We <U+2665> Maelstroms Altars The History of Hope Sheridan Avila Telling False Time Whale Tree Studios Kodiak Whale Wars Silence of Versailles :)
Why are you awake so early?
I would like to give a very special WOOF OUT to !
- Every game we play without Mike Miller I miss him more. Perfect glue guy for this team.
'And where does the newborn go from here? The net is vast and infinite.'
I swear Dora has more freedom then me and she's only 10?
Hi Carissa, public libraries purchase a license for copies of each title. For more information, please contact your library
She has plenty of #Ravens onesies all ready to go. I'll prob cave in and buy her a customized jersey at some point soon.
oh lord... My child's first pair of shoes will be cowboy boots (:
they were mice? or little people
Lurkin on that OKC will get you that kind of situation man.
Crazy butterflies in my tummy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
i have a present for you
“ #AMuslimNever Takes a shower.”
Bet i mite hit that then thx broRT Brooks YMCA out Gate Parkway got one, its free after 8 on a guest pass I think
hey deimont, I seen you tweet your looking 4 producers, I produce beats, may I send you a link to my site?
ok this cryptic marketing thing is working on me at least. i'm so curious about
he doesn't love me ):
back four times and i believe that there is a possibility that that may have made that situation worse. im always afraid. im ...
Burning couches? Been there. Done that.
Can't wait to have you at our NYC Gala. It will be a wonderful night of inspiration
would a meat bell be made out of gyro meat? or shaved turkey?
Dennis the Menace, selling drugs out the back of an ice cream truck.
Stop, take me off your list.
Executive board meeting, getting ready for the 2010 events!
I'm really killing it!
Panesito con cafe from El Pavo Bakery... Who knew pavos made such good stuff?
Thanks -- <3 Fashion karma! " Welcome to Dewdrop! XO"
#aguyshould be a fucking guy and do what he wants.
Why Does Angelina Think She The Shit ?
It's beautiful out already! I don't work until tonight. Need to take advantage of the day! What patio is open?
Toastmasters will be at the Reservoir Hill Improvement Council Meeting tonight starting at 6:30pm. Send a PM and get RSVP info...
cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce
Thank you Julie! We definitely enjoyed our run!
The Evergreen gets a lot of business from me on the Friday before the sermon.
Are u planning a party ,we got the best christian djs
RT if u have ever pretended the bath tub was a swimming pool when u wer young!!!
they dealt with controversy differently which speaks to the cultural differences evident in the museum's architecture.
What's up with all this "someone's talking bad about you" stuff??
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you wanna meet the uncle of the chairman from #IronChefAmerica ;)
how u been
Inspired by my team's work on my newest venture and only non-profit, designed to stop human trafficking.
EP on itunes today. Get your copy of "Speakeasy". If your broke, steal the damn thing somehow, you need to hear this!!
Looking forward to #dctech meetup on Social Commerce tonight. looks like a great program:
Finally on spring break! LEGGOOO
Ok, I surrender. House of Leaves is freaking me out. I am very unsettled!
Will.i.am is known in 2012 as will.iPad
what is screencast?
did you find a few spare minutes to listen to that EP i gave you :)
scraps wood not b offended if u were 2 get him a gift 4 mothers day. especially if it's bacon (==) or biscuits (8=8)
Oh girl is a world chick...kiss me when the job is done...100K we done came up/
So very true!
MITCH McCONNELL was holding the podium tightly because he know he is going to live to regret the ENDORSEMENT ON MIITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca.sur
Rack cityy bitch ;*
RT : sidebar to Sox loss: Comeback of ex-Cub Jerome Williams, who is 8-1 with a 2.73 ERA as a starter after 3 years out of MLB.
Thanks for the follow Luis!
I love watching bro fights.
We're the Team You Can Trust! Follow on Twitter or like us on Facebook (News 8 WROC Rochester)!
don't want to write this paper
If the 'really big smile' is too difficult, try deflecting by stretching your arms wide & say "I am love". You're welcome! Tomorrow: Tootsie
They took turns at Becky. And there were 3 of them.
Reminder - the July CCM ride will depart Public Sq. at 7 PM. Please arrive 15-30mins early. More details coming very soon!
Something different
oh, true, good point
The Lakers are boring af to watch play at home -_-
your Awesome! =)
We are putting together the 2012 line-up for River Rhythms. Who would you like to see there?
Hunger Games was good last night ~ XD
You rock!!! Thank you I give you all the credit! : Congrats!!!!
they were tight
Daily Quote~ ”Good things come to those who wait… greater things come to those who are willing to work for it”
RT : seriously, is just completely stealing our GSA vids without credit.
just got off work and to the Village!
Sorry. I'm quite bitter tonight.
Yay! RT Yesterday I got eggplant curry at Monsoon. I may find myself wandering by there again today.
I wouldn't test that theory “: I think I'd do very well for myself in prison.”
Starting tomorrow every Tuesday: Firefighters, Police Officers, Military, & EMT 10% off all Hardware Store Purchases, Excl Power Tools
it's really great that my server was hacked and now my website is gone #not :(
what!? No aroma...
that works...now we need to find an investor (DJ? Eddie? Petey!)
#TCHAT Nice - similar to the adage 'focus on being interested not interesting'.
#JessicaSanchez is the next Whitney Houston. #justsayin. I'm like a proud mom when I watch her :)
Im hungry I wonder what ill eat tonight
I'd just like to thank the people who are selling tickets as the same prices they bought them for or at a reasonable price.
I could watch I.D. Discovery all day.
Fuck you #newtgingrich you're too old to steal music.
Party At Whore Hey Crib! Straight Bitches!
You got it!
Our Traminette is back for purchase at the winery just in time for your Thanksgiving feast. Great wines are meant to be shared.
at my sister house, about to leave. 2 more days out this week...who hooo.!!!
French embassy party now rockin the convertible hair
Group Reformer and PULSE are coming up at 5:30!
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop! Get !
Congrats Ben Summerton! You won an #RIT hub buddy. Go to the RIT Alumni table to claim your prize.
Live roller derby, this Saturday!!! Do you have your ticket yet? rocderby.com!
Shake harder! ": What is this sorcery, Gaga? [Shakes fist angrily]"
WATCHING VIDEOS OF CHILDREN REUNITING WITH THEIR PARENTS WHO CAME FROM IRAQ! :'( SAD!!!!!
Do you like reading? Have you read The Mortal Instruments? If you haven't you should it's an amazing series!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> it's like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Good morning world!
I'm sure you'll find someone to go on a date with you. don't be discouraged
RT if you have at least listened to #SaySomethin by: more than 5 times<3 (;
Good morning, sciatica. I would love to make you coffee but I. can't. get. up. O.o
Obesity figures are troubling. New trends need to be countered in some way.
Party bus to appleton
where are the #Nadal #Federer tweets??
: Hi Ivana! That was so nice of you to say hello! Hope you are well too!! :)
Ack. Whatever it is, I'm sorry and sending you good wishes.
Plenty of room in the far side of the room.
African Proverb Tell me who your friends are, so I can tell you who you are.
Anyone having trouble with connectivity on Ubuntu Oneiric? Extremely frustrating.
Met's warehouse book sale includes titles I worked on decades ago. A cautionary tale re: need for better print run calculations--or POD.
Thanks for the shout out Sara!
Tonight playing at Trumpets-NJ with Dean Johnson on bass and Winard Harper-drums Shows at 8 pm and 10
Live update. All my disc 1 saves work but disc 2 says the game needs a update but it can't be found :(
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
wonders is it champagne time yet?
I'm not the only one who refers to the carpool lane as The Nerd Parade right?
Thanks for what you've done, sir.
Wouldn't that be a Kingess?
Dear Jeff Saturday, come to the Packers. I hear and are two of the better-smelling guards in the NFL.
Do you have a Kindle? Do you have a home? I have some great news: Spend 99 cents ONCE and save a fortune on repairs and improvements forever
on my own just lifted right now.
Happy birthday
he hasn't seen it then aw....he doesn't want to see his gordita :'c
Hey, Sam. My wife is from there, so we're in town pretty often. Way more vegan options, for sure. Real foodie paradise, overall.
thank you so much <3 !
thanx for stopping in!
I need a new workout playlist.
lol have fun:)
kernel panic while my IDE accesses virtual memory scares me a bit .. backing up and committing my code soon.
Always! Of course. ;)
speaking of this, we just enabled 64-bit support on m1.small and c1.medium instances (literally last night) ;)
cool, will do
text me and we can figure something out! ;-)
Beautiful day in MKE. Perfect for a long run while listening to A Tribe Called Quest's Midnight Marauders album.
Looking at the book this week … bit.ly/roTwAx … What kind of "animal skills" do you bring to your job hunt?
Morning tweeps!! Happy mothers day!!
. it's all good (though a shirt would be cool). :-) thx for having a while back. long live daytrotter!
Engine failure? Again? Two months before my wedding? Awesome. VW, I HATE YOU.
I've spent the last hr hanging my jewelry w/my dresses for our cruise. I have issues-at least I've aknowledged it ;)
yeah we might I'm not real sure. Haha. Try it thoughh
lmfao the second "y" doesn't mean that and oh
haha yeah random black kid
Overgrown landscaping can be inviting for potential thieves. Trim large bushes and hedges so thieves don’t have a place to hide!
Wanna send a shout out to for blessing us and letting us come Into their church. Amazing people!!!
Thanks for recommending on #Spotify. Good tunes.
Ripped off by Service Magic? Drop me a note!
Turned to love.
My dad is for real asking to be punched in the face tonight.
We extend our deepest sympathies to his family, friends and teammates during this difficult time
When u wake up tomorrow you have no reason to not make it a day to always remember because it deserves that kind of attention!
Just folded and did a keg stand. Omg that was fun.
i forgot to mention she let me know it wasnt her on the web over 3 years ago so just fuck off
if you don't want an enemy don't fuck with my life
Thank you for following us!
Blockbuster Online quick to jump at Netflix fee increase -- did you get your postcard in the mail?
Dear Chevron Board of Directors, please remove your dicks from my ass. You despicable greedy fucking swine bastards. Warmly, JP
Thanks for the follow! Sorry I missed your shoot at the Next time!
Maybe I should spill all my guts, or write a letter then tear it up.
#liber2011 Paul Ayris, UCL and President of LIBER, launching the opening plenary session.
try adding "but don't worry, it wasn't a sex dream this time"
RT : GOING TO CRABBY BILLS. #whatwhaaaaaaaaat. ~LOVE! Enjoy it!
Idon Got Yo Number No Mo ... SEND IT TO MY DM
Every rose has it's thorn <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
So cute! Hope you have a great Easter!
good, ill be in yhu class monday, what block do yhu have mayes?
Format evolution requires new infrastructure. Ebook session. Porter
good afternoon julia
Thank you! I look forward to following you. Tell Mozh hello! Small world - and I hope to soon be working with King & Spalding!
Aww, thank you! I'm really looking forward to it. Already piping the tween music through my earbuds.
i guess he went to sleep -_-
Anna Berkes now speaking about Marie Kimball - first curator of Monticello. Go, Anna!
Please don't click any link from me via twitter if it says something about a "bad rumor". It's spam. Sorry!
Then you still have time to me Mr. Right-now in the LIRR bathrooms... ;-)
I think #Clippers enjoy these trail from behind early starts
Thanks for the #FF!
Door knocking in Aliante tomorrow...who needs to sell their home?
is glad Monday is over......what a freaking day!!
Bummed that I couldn't make it to #strataconf this year. I'll just have to wait and watch the full video compilation in my underwear.
Good morning!! I'm about to go jogging!! I enjoy it much!! :)
#ImMadAsHellBecause we pay for PLENTY of government as it is. I am unalterably opposed to pay for more.
LAST MINUTE GIFT IDEA: Give the gift of Future Waffles via a Sweet Iron Gift Card! M...future waffles...
QR codes are rapidly #growing in popularity.. they're easy to implement and offer excellent connectivity with your customers
Have you lost a tooth recently? We can certainly help...Cosmetic Surgery is our specialty! Call us for an appointment today 858-352-7890
Green eyes look good on everyone else except me go away eyes please
Awesome! I can't wait!
Nothing better than spending time with the one you love & who loves you back
RT Gronk'd spiked that puck tonight into 4 pieces!
MY GUESS: It's NOT Duckie.
I know you!! Thanks so much for the RT! :) More to come, I hope!
About to hear some Chopin Mazurkas played on a fortepiano. Private show.
My mom forever gotta stop and do something as soon as we about to walk out the door smh
. She doesn't suck, and DOES sing in at least three songs on album "Five Days in JULY" Maybe she's human and made a mistake.
Love Summerland. Great town.
Some people are so rude..
Barney Frank PP: The House under Republican rule is 1/2 Michele Bachmanns and 1/2 those afraid of losing a primary to people like Bachmann.
Pathetic to get nothing in the 2nd there, Caps dominated the puck. It seemed like they were on PP.
want to use too. i like it better than mw3
Headed out this morning for NY - seeing an old friend, doing a show in NY and then services and concert in MA - going to be a fun weekend!
not really Taylor and antonia are crazy AF! And ur mean to ricky
Oh I didn't see your previous tweets. Glad they are on the way!
will it be legit if he credits Will and Grace for his #evolution as Biden did? How about Glee?
sign koppen and please trade for asante samuel!! havent heard anymore talks about samuel
is intrigued by idea that a game can teach ppl how to use auseum. Me too.
Been off of twitter for 24hr and the ish hit the fan on 's TL. Folks are cray.
Hi back at you
playing for the first time with Orchestre de Samba tonight.
Congrats to on winning Best Major Market Morning Radio Show at the #WBAAwards! So proud of the crew!
anyone can win! RT : is this contest 4 the People who live in the US only or its available 4 countries around the world
Thanks for sharing it! <3
Hahah! I Love It! (:
It's worth the wait! RT : I'm so excited to see First Date. I'm not sure I can wait til Thurs.
Sunday Brunch + You!
Good first day at NA. There are 7 baritone players! That's so many!
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising up every time we fall.”
RT : Keeping them crossed for that the weather gets cold & we can go skiing/snowboarding!
You are building another Ranch? But this time it is made from butter and/or cheese? :-)
Happy birthday Keanu Reeves, I like your name and I think you're cool.
#Imagine Harry hugs you and let's go, watching your eyes with a proud look on his face. Harry:"You're everything I ever hoped for.''
Be thankful for what u have, you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what u don't have, you'll never ever have enough. - Oprah
I'm embarrassed for Fergie
I love my post workout shake and bagel on heavy training days!
Bad girls club :)
": Bout to light some." "Some"
it's true
Awwwwh is looking good in his new avi!!! ;)
leaving soon to go get new vans :)
have a good one!
. Happy Birthday, Jenna!
I love Anne, Jay, Karen, Maura and Patricia. RT if you do, too. <3
can you tell this is awkward moment tweeting? lalalaaaa i'm listening to Hit The Lights :)
Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Avengers Stays On Top Still grossing far more than all other movies combined in its second weekend, the might
RT : Don't forget tomorrow is another great $5 Friday at mobba. Be sure to go here: www.bit.ly/aWtll8 tomorrow at 9 am PT.
We bake our cakes with great passion everyday because many people celebrate birthdays with our cakes. Happy Birthdays to all!
Wow new desktop twitter is awesome haha!! Woo
What do you call and alligator with a vest on?
i added you on facebook yesterday or the day before that im Devon Ralph Lauren Jones
She didn't like the song but she likes Gaga. Don't be delusional about the situation.
I work for #'s 281 and 21. Of course Brown is top 25. It's for wikkid smaht guys like
Is it wrong that I'm ready to go home already? Bars are so not my scene. *sigh*
We're going to Orlando soon I can't wait!:)
Well, I'll play: I'll Fall With Your Knife by Peter Murphy
Thanks for the mention.
- LOVE Stop Staring dresses, classy n' sexy...
I know, but this loss stung. Staples Center was going insane after the 1st period! Can't believe Sharks came back w/6 goals!
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, feed him for a lifetime. -Lao Tzu
omg dats not good hope u feel better soon remember dat a we are a family I will always luv u no matter wat happens!!<U+E415>
He's done after this season. The new Illini AD will want to put his stamp on the program by picking the new head coach.
Aw, - right back at ya!!
Happy birthday!!! Sorry about the Lexus...
tonight was a full yellow moon with lights hitting sky. I felt fearless as I stared at it outside. Umm weird..but tonight is
Do you have Warm Radiant Floor Heating? We can help you stay warm! www.blackforestremodelandtile.blogspot.com Jan newsletter available
Soo tired. Going to bed z. Was with my baybeeee all day :)
When she asks for more! #ThirstyBitch haha freakn and got me into this thirsty bitch shizz ;p
Mcgwire hit 49 home runs in 1987 as a rookie.
will you be there before the event? Kind of want to hangout before the shit get real
Nothing like having your last bit of hope squashed
Ouch! Shouldn't have made her angry then :P
Might have taken me almost 5 months to realize that you are the one i want to spend my life with, but thats ok. <3 i love you babe.
Google docs has spoiled me. Didn't recently save in my Word doc and accidentally lost the work from the last 45 minutes. F.
That's pretty dang amazing! Way to go! RT : #WeighEveryday says 182 lbs / 24.8%. First 12 lbs were easy; next 12 harder.
Did you read "Starcatchers"?
Good ? and advice.
I Always Cry At The End Of 'Shottas' =/
DIMELO~ Im out the loop right now mane. I'll be back end of the month tho and I'ma be
Thanks for the #FF! Back at ya!
Finn's speech just made me vom in my mouth
Thanks so much for the heads up, Chris! Also, it was great to meet you in person finally!
keep hangin' in there cause one day its gonna get better ~WordsOftheParentz
makes fun of me bc I watch over and over
i want my braces off already omg
Usher isn't really dead hush
cool... I look like a turtle
"Remember God would never take something away from you without the intention of replacing it with something much better."
Melo with great D under the rim!
Have you heard news-Bpt CT superintendent is also consulting for Illinois and looking to replace counselors with volunteers?
Looking for a prom dress today was a FAIL.
Don't get sued over that tweet RT Joey Crawford calls non-shooting foul. Joey admits, "To be honest with you, I don't know"
Finish strong!
lol yeah, ridiculous right?
Math and science
Who's got whooping cough? Or had it. Or knows someone who does? Hit me back!
are you here??! How about Coyotes?!
It's Friday that's the motto playa yolo
