Am I missing??? RT : oh where, oh where has gone? oh where, oh where can he be?
Thank you for coming to my presentation on #ux study: analyzing large open card sort I hope to meet you again soon
Of course! anyone saying otherwise? ...RE Have to build a "social presence" ON social. Otherwise has no base?
make that
In 8 days letter box promotion blitz starts!
Observation for yesterday: You must surround yourself with #positive people. Someone is always there to try to bring you down.
"The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is." -C.S. Lewis
you pooper face.
Part I: Sears Roebuck sold 75,000 wood frame houses from catalog between 1917 and 1940. About $2000 each but only $1 deposit needed.
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
Back #reading mysteries: Hide by Lisa Gardener and Queen of the night by J.A. Jance
So good. RT : Criterion will release Andrew Haigh's WEEKEND on August 21!!!
Live on ABC Chicago in about 5 minutes!!
H Square with Hoov and Sass with nutty on the way...Carolina BBQ of course
Will do! I have a thing for Aussie bands. :)
*shakes your hand* i am alright you Nick
no worries. There's a large in my office with your name on it.
I call'em as I see'em without my personal biases. Y pee on ppl & than try 2 convince them it's raining ? :)
RT All New Yorkers that live in ATL are more than welcome to jump on #AtlantaHawks bandwagon tomorrow. It's cool Lol!!!
Unfortunate for wildlife. RT NSSF #1 bill HR 1558 now has 164 co-sponsors. Bill stops EPA from banning traditional (lead-based) ammo.
Mental, spiritual and physical training!!!
how did that game make you feel? will win game 7. Cuz and
Congress will also create a battalion in Pennsylvania made for the purpose of guarding the St. John’s prisoners.
Making things happen. :)
All the other kids with pumped up kicks. Better run baby run faster than my bucket.
On our way! RT : What are u doin today #MayDay? Meet us Reclamation 4560 Doran St. LA
wtf who even says that? Smh
Thanks for the RT! &
great! Yourself!?
I hear that!
you can never go wrong with adding in fruits and veggies!
Nope. I'm in LA for a Doctor Who convention.
EMMIT SMITH beat all those efforts by far! Lowering his separated shoulder. Leftwich being carried at Marshall too.
get on out here! Doors at 9! Go go dancers are warmin up, its gonna be a #Wild night!!
Heading to a High School Forum! can't wait! Its gonna be fun.
A LOT. Come to Dallas ASAP!
“: We in a world were only the strong survive”
Well, I voted 4 Karina and Derek, but either way Karina Best have that dance
you can picture the smile :)
It's easy to forget how lucky we truly are at times.
Hell yeah, send 'em my way!!
Happy Mother's Day!
Won 2 tourney's tonight might have won three if I didn't hit the call button by accident and went out on the bubble
you're a sweetheart under all that tough act. Be nice.
This book has recently won the PEN/Hemingway Award, the NYC Book Award for Fiction & the Rosenthal Award.
You're fired! Oh. Wait...does it work that way? (I'll delete it)
lunch time! I suppose we will have a snack in a bit too huh!
Bearded dudes in skinny jeans with eggshakers singing harmonies together. There goes the neighborhood.
Believe in yourself and use positive words and phrases to rewrite the story of your life.
I'm good! Aid Sudan Gala 2nite, Peyton's home from college 4 summer 2morrow & I join my man n SS Sunday after teaching 6.5 years!
Daily Special, Tue 05/01/12 - Thick cut, pan fried pork chop served with dressing, mashed potatoes & gravy, green beans, and bread. $6.09 RT
So happy that my friend, co-worker & desk neighbor is back from maternity leave! She's ready to rock the enviro beat!
I want fresh shellfish now
But for the periodic pop culture updates from my knowing barber, I would be tragically unhip.
Fortune cookie says, "your fondest dream will come true within this year." Yes!
So this "Homeless guy" that sits by my job everyday and beg is on the bus next to me on his iphone. I dont even have dam iphone.
I guess I gotta walk away because there's nothing left for me to say, oh I'm so over it.
Mother/Child READ posters.
RT - Notre Dame vs Michigan on Saturday.. Then my Miami Dolphins vs the Pats in Monday Night Football, its all almost...
nice bud, I can't wait to get out of that fucking place lmfao
Met an Australian band guy from Lydia that looked like like no joke.. (:
Other than journalism we're the only industry that worries about our own death and things working to well (re: Librarians)
So long Philly, hello Seattle! Danny Bonaduce is the new morning talent on CBS Classic Rock KZOK, effective 11/14. Details in RAMP.
RT : Today in Jewish Sports History: 1966 Sandy Koufax end holdout & signs 1 yr deal w #Dodgers for $130k his final year playing
Sadly.. No
Happy Mother's Day Everyone!
cuse is downright filthy this season baby!!!! basically got my bracket filled out..
LOL, thanks! Let me know some Saturday's you have free in Feb....I need to make another visit to Rockford!
The person with a why to live can endure almost any how -Viktor Frankl
Mammoth Mountain received a total of 6 inches of fresh snow in the past 32 hours and the flakes are still flying! THE TOP IS NOW OPEN! Th…
I'm so happy guize! :3
About time for a good night :)
i would like to visit mikey sometime before he dies like vinny did. (I AM TALKING ABOUT YOUR MARINE FRIENDS)
I'm up 24 hours.
Money can't buy you happiness but it's more comfortable to cry in a $300k car with a trunk-full of Neiman's bags...
Stepping on new territory <U+E536><U+E252>
Stu Crabb of is using the timeline for his entire presentation. really cool stuff
In another life, I would be you're girl <3
still need that sarcasm font
Good morning New York City!
Lovely early holiday lunch with my work team and now to sleep it off during a new database presentation.
6:30 am, I hear cheering and phat beats
#ItsAlwaysTheUglyGirls who be wearing tube tops & booty shorts
I AM ! -Jonjalee
Changed my moniker here from AgentSharene to ShareneMBrown. :)
I thought having 1 kid was crazy til I had 2. I feel sorry for those with more kids than arms.
The Office of Targeted Business in Detroit is in real danger of being shut down by City Council and the budget crunch! They need our support
best tweet in a long time
Going for a quick run. I say quick because I mostly likely won't get very far. I haven't run in forever
Got questions for the guys?! We're recording now. Tweet or drop us a line on Facebook!
Ima Richmond Texas nigga trying to come up in the big city of Houston. Who gon stop me?
your awesome u make very good music trust and u guys rock
Bett, Call And Make A Appointment, Whatchu Tryna Get?
Thank you for all your gr8 info! It was fun to be able to be there!
I will never understand some things in the world, and I know I am not supposed to. But why do bad things always happen to the nicest people?
I hate when plans get fucked up.
Just looked at the pictures I took of the car today... Pretty freakin freaky!
I was scouring articles for my research, but I'm sleepy and that can wait until tomorrow.
Chris has a new bass sound... may be a game changer for us... pretty excited...
#chadochocinco - I want to hear them chanting your name and number in the stadium this weekend & not because you ran pretty routes!
I love how we can have our phones and iPods out here and teachers don't care omg.
Apparently 23 minutes on hold is standard for
It really is best that we telecommute ..
Dear extremely high number of #EMAC students I just started following. My bad. Please forgive me. And have a good weekend.
yeah it was nuts
The NBA fever is on as LA Lakers is hosting Cleveland Cavaliers tonight at the Staples Center. Game tickets available with us: 888-493-0004
The painting was a gift, Todd. I'm taking it with me.
whatup thanks for the awesome looking smoothie banners, we're rolling them out tomorrow
Retailer sites are the #1 destination consumers go to when researching product information online - 2010 Social Shopping Study
whenever there is a power differntial multiple conversations going on. How is the project going? =What's taking so long
Haha see I don't know what is exactly
Obama just left seattle. Crazy shit bro.
MONEY MONEY MONEY - I really miss and when I could just write a check to play with politicians in this state.
I wonder why eating sunflower seeds reminds me of Texas?
It makes my tounge moist
happy birthday
Holmes HS Principal Dennis Ann Strong has been named Executive Director of Secondary Instruction. Congrats!
(c) in the afternoon for that but no specific time. when i hear more ill tell you guys:) hope this helped!
Working in the new #adobe #CS5.5 today on our new #edit suite!
RT : #sopa may be dead but the driving forces behind it are not, they will try to sneak this into legislation again
Downstream to where pipeline is at or upstream from Inn(restaraunt) at falls
my other account will not let me follow you back but I can from this one! I was at the Woodrow's bash 4 mudbugs
shout out to midgets with ladders
just talking about a FB that's all lol
I'm handling some shit right now but I'll hit you up later if anything
Soon revealing the panelists for Fantasy Football Mock Draft
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!(:
oh really now..? You're saying "stop the traffic and let them through" or "pat the dog and screw the lightbulb" are yours?
Hey just trying to get a headcount for class tomorrow. Do you think you'll be able to make it?
They dont miss youu when your gone they miss you when you`ve moved on. <U+2665>
Move over Mondo Burger
Thanks for the follow! Stalking -- er -- FOLLOWING you back...heh heh...AWKward...heh heh...
I wonder if Asdrubal's parents meant to name him what sounds like fancy diarrhea?
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
Maybe I Could Go Put In Some Apps While Im Waiting
What for? RT : Looking at skydiving prices
you miss Miami yet ? If you see this please answer:( I don't want to be forgotten by you man!!
Lets hope things turn out that well this year
aw thanks! I'll still be on Twitter!
We LOVE answering questions about accidents, work injuries and and insurance companies. Don't be bashful, give us a call.
Omg I'm eating sososososo much ice cream I'm gonna die. >___<
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
: I am sorry there was so much drama. You rocked in spite of it all.
Carcass successfully removed by lovely and very brave coworker
i'm a good example ;)
nite now you go have fun becoming an Indie man.
Why can't he see I love him
we refer to it as commie ball coach!
aww man i miss dunkin donuts :( lol... bastards... haha When ya'll get back to hsv we should all hang out for a drink sometime
Great so far! Missing my #Terps, though. :)
Texas roadhouse
since both of you asked me the same question one of my stores is staying open! So now I won't loose my job
Happy Friday fans. What are your weekend plans?
So many interesting people at CFR tonight.
Large Magellanic Cloud 30 Doradus region satellite galaxy of the Milky Way - landscape photos
Just finished talking to a couple from Australia. Very fun and very friendly. look forward to seeing them tomorrow at the show.
THIS!!!": The funniest part is that Obama is giving the the most #ProAMERICA speech and the GOP hears "SOCIALISM." #SOTU"
It's GiveThanksing brunch this weekend at Lottie's! Clean the pantry for our canned food drive!
#SaySomethin WAS AMAZING! i'M SO PROUD OF YOU! I loved it!!!<3
Pray for the people that got hurt at the state fair(:!..
hey bro. I think u got spammed or hacked. If not. Good to hear from u. Check Ur twitter.
Great quote-coach Doug Collins of sixes "don't get down n dont feel sorry 4 yourself. Head up! Stay w/ the process n good things will come.
I've never looked at it til just now
When you divorce the love of God away from His actions for you all you get is formulas and "how to" speeches.
I can't wait to design websites in InDesign!!!
PAKday is Thursday...we will be recording our first video that day & going to get blizzards from DQ before cabaret practice =) -Patience
ditto that!!
go to Victoria secret
true. It is a good song!
If anyone asked if i'd do it all over again?.. i'd say YES!!. But this time around, i'd make sure to do it right.
Exactly. Forte gonna b ok. : I hope that Forte & other players are welcoming to Michael Bush its a teameffort on & off the field.
In need of a few laughs and headed to see Sacha Baron Cohen in 'The Dictator' later this evening. Has anyone seen it yet?
LIVE MUSIC - Tonight at 7:30pm. James Jeffrey West and Fara Tucker!
haha that's supposed to be on your poster!
i am having meatloaf yummy lol
call me
Yes 3 30 the heat start the quest for are title
this mika Range sis, follow me back
What to Expect When You're Expecting Hatchlings is on its first 10 public library shelves. Spread you claws and swim, my little hatchlings!
I can't even
Hope we get to see you both soon!
My Success With Be Shared With Only A Few!! & They Know Who They Are!!
Looking forward to Rockies, Astros game. Can the ageless one get the win?
I'm making a list of common, everyday Norwegian sayings and colloquialisms to the blog. No proverbs, please. Any suggestions?
Hi Tweeters, and good afternoon I would like to thank all my followers. Through our tweeting I have aquired much knowledge. Not to mention
I know it means the world to you
Night night thoughts "I have invented the world I see. I could see peace instead of this. My holiness blesses the world" ACIM
you too are doing wonderful things for kids! Life without music is sad!
Honestly jennifer Lopez looks so completely gorgeous w this lighter makeup over the dark vamp option from the other night *either way Gorg*
Who was looking for Beer geek stuff? Discount on Oklahoma has it.
Michael Jackson at johns pass #notbad : )
I can't believe all the personal stuff I used to post on the internet. I have grown so much now!!!!!!!!!
I'm falling more and more in love with you everyday! We were meant to be together, I could tell from the beginning. You mean the world to me
FOLLOW ME
Of course I forget how to do math on an easy quiz...
I just love the pants off you. :)
Too late for caffine
: your boy is reppin that #23 for
Speak only out of love, never anger, anger will only hurt both people...
And yet again she blogged irrepressible excitement
Thanks Kenny! This blog is killing me.
you know the sound a submarine makes in movies? well. my stomach just totally sounded like that.
I don't.... should I? I'm always up for a new series :)
Just started a game with you.
whenever someone tells me they prefer arrowhead water...I just kind of discount anything else they say...haha
so, erm, basically....
rule no. 1 don't air dirty laundry on twitter
Getting to know you day: As the founder of Just Trees, Markus has been caring for Austin's trees for more than twenty years.
Sorry, the position is filled. We would love to see you applying for more jobs.
but guess who's still up 3-0? ;)
ABC was like we gave three black protagonists you better deal with this black villain lol.
Charley Varrick (1973): Last of the Independents! Classic 70s! Totally awesome. Mathau as a cold bank robber and ladies man (hilarious). 4:5
16 > 160. Sorry agree with Matt here.
Little did you know that I'd make it on my own.
Upcoming events at the Foster Lodge. Hope to see you there! www.natureknowledge.org/
PREPARE YOUR BEANZ.
Alisa won't answer me texts. Something isn't right. I think I feel a fan video coming on here...
I really should get an intern for all the menial tasks that eat all my time: Blogging and PR. And stuff.
fitness indicators and sex displays article at blog, (almost everyone seriously underestimates pleiotropy)
Never cheat your only lifeline
"I'm sorry" will eventually lose it's meaning when you keep apologizing over and over for the exact same thing.
RT if you believe i love you...
Just got back from the Gym and I feel wonderful! :-)
they didn't control for gender dummies. Do the math
WISH I WAS LOVED
Looking for something to do in #Charlottesville tonight? Stop by The Southern for The Terri Allard Trio & Tara Mills!
IF I WAS YOU'RE GIRLFRIEND , I NEVER LET'S YOU GO (:
Do you like it when agents use brochure boxes on properties that are for sale? If so, how often do you find them empty?
Time for a driving adventure, hopefully I don't get lost...
Kelly Clarkson needs a stylist.
I'am fucking pissed now! Nassib can get hot when we don't need it and when we do he chokes!
I Just Tried Lean...
Honestly, these self proclaimed men who judge other men because of the music they listen to or things they do through kindness..
me and are the greatest friends ever. End of story.(: happy birthday again !
S&P downgrade being played down but major shift will happen as AAs will be liquidated in favor of A paper. Squeeze will be on stocks
you're the best boss!
Why am I so starving all the time anymore? It's actually very annoying.
Of course the one day I show up for work on time the time cards have been gone all day
Glad that Verizon has such awesome customer service folk! Still bummed that my wrong account was charged, but at least it won't happen again
So this is what a good night sleep feels like! A little less stress from good news yesterday was more than welcome. Hope it sticks.
need the paper everyday
Absolutely! Great event!
#SignsYoureAnIrrelevantCelebrity When I don't know your name or your face...
IS IT 5 YET?!?!?! JEEZ WHAT A SLOW DAY
They renewed TLG. Im glad that got renewed. I know ur happy they renewed Fringe. I still havent watched it.
The rise of the Mormon feminist housewife
I need to re-bleach my brows ima let them grow fully out and then die them black again and get them arched !!! Beauty is pain <U+2661> goodnight
“ <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4> ole folks and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7> lil children .. nosiest and messiest ppl in da WORLD”
Happy Birth-Mother's Day,
$200B spent on training each year. We need to make it more cost effective and accessible for SMBs
that was "naked" and not "nake" - was removing clothes while tryping.
Thanks for the follow and thanks for the updated agent list. Very helpful!
lmao who tf told u that? RT “: Every dude don't want sex from a girl .... Get it through your head ..”
Come see us tomorrow
Fungus threat escalates for food, wildlife: scientists Species of fungus, driven by trade, travel and climate change, pose a mounting thr
gm to you
You take the truth and you put a little curlicue at the end
#UConn Jeremy Lamb declares for the NBA Draft
today only $20 off the Swim System type in GatorDeb at checkout. this one is for you!
*first time*
Leftover bacon is what unicorns eat.
Jumping the gun/ getting the word out on what?
way to text me sometimes. :P
Work is seriously sucky today
the good spot does it again! ask norris barley...or queen latifah:)
hahaha ok. Sounds like a plan
Today I saw a first at the gym: A girl drinking a Monster energy drink on the elliptical. Really? I mean I know it was early but yikes.
Where are you taking the tests? Are they free?
Stomach hurts lmao.
lmao well I'll bring I sign :D directioners over here lol and Ik one of the girls tht is going so well find each other
havent got in since da longest:D
I didn't pay to watch a freakin' magician at prom I came to dance and get stupid . I'm bout to fall asleep .
Thanks much!!! #watchnerd RT : Vote for Zach Bush as
hey Britt, u coming over for dinner?
Mr. Clean uses Mr. disinfected to mop the floor.
What??? #recount via Fannie Mae had first-quarter profit, needs no new taxpayer funds
shucks...thank YOU!
Looks great!
9.. why what's up
fuck it i'm on one
Y do it have to rain today but o well still going to enjoy my day
Campers are arriving! Let day 1 commence!
I like lemons.
[We live. We learn. We grow] Obstacles are the things we see when we take our eyes off our goals. -Zig Ziglar
#whatihate girls who keep going for the wrong guy
Nope... but after some googling... are you working with their Marketing team?
that's wanna them... What you say... rhetorical question, right?
Good luck 2 #JMS480 & #JMS481 with ur #SLP (s) It's hard work, but it's worth it! Hang in there, you'll be so proud w/ the finished product!
The start of brotreat with First stop rock bottom and show. Water Street after? Yes sir.
The two best days of school are the first and the last..
making coffee & breakfast burritos and making up songs like I do. I must be feeling better!
its legit snowing over here...JEEZ where not even out of october yet! this is gonna be a long winter
Shaped noodles taste the best! #Macaroni&Cheese
Totally Awesome!!!!
aww ;) see you soon.
maybe you should notice me I think 2 years of waiting is a lot ):
western project, we use primary sources and st. cr8 a journal as a character they studied, then write a letter home
It was great to be back in Nac today! Saw a lot of familiar faces & reunited w/ some ppl who made my three years there @ #SFA great!
Ooh you just broke that news to me!
#ThankYouSteve for paving the way and being a true visionary. You inspire and you will be missed.
it was a whirl wind of a week. Can we reschedule?
at least one member of Media Board saw this!
Surprised by the lack of bunts by Fullerton in a 1 run game vs TCU..
They are mostly likely backed up... I would call them and then complain.
Getting Billions without having a nickle sounds Federal to me
One of our new tracks has a 'Vroom' scream.
You've already helped! You can pass on the word to any health care, senior or pet friendly followers who might be interested!
We offer two unique ways that you can earn residual revenue from Lead Network.
I AM CHEN GUANGCHENG
good girls Gone bad
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SEAWEED" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Joe's music video for See No More has over 3 million views on YouTube!
I remember you running on the treadmill at Jefferson at the Northend. Glad to see you back in action.
` For My Ex: Tyrese- How You Gonna Act Like Tht ...
S/O to check em out!
you're welcome!
Birthday drinking! Cheers
Love you too!
A bizarre 2 days of travel. But that's why we take the journey, right? Right?
Man Code: If you are unsure if the movie you are about to see is a chick flick or not you better roll with a few friends
April 27, 2011 could be a pivotal day in your life for positive change if you allow it to be. Embrace the possibility that today is sacred.
Today is when I find out if I'm running the If not, it'll probably be the #jj100 or some other ultra.
Learning Facebook safety 101 from Great information!
Stretch X tonight. Cannot wait. My legs are a little stiff/sore from Sunday's run. Mental note: keep moving. Inactivity is the enemy.
Heat finna end it tonight!
What??? : Um so... I just got pulled over by the police and found out I have been a fugitive since 2007...excuse me?
says the girl who is tweeting during the movie
and how many QBs have the Dolphins auditioned since they passed on Brees because they didn't trust Andrews' work?
Happy Chinese New Year! from LPMR Be Safe!
Our pleasure! RT : great selection. Thx for airing.
love the gift bag/fundraiser the #penguins are doing tonight to help #cancer families.
<----- needs a few cups of " GetsOffShawn'sFatMeat Juice"
“Until the underlying principle is well understood, it is risky in a campaign to offer ideas.” -Rick Tyler, former strategist to N. Gingrich
Protecting the Pens at Consol Energy Center #penguins look for the
thanks! We will!
Hi jd thank you for the conrats you sent in behalf of my preschoolers. I appreciate that very much.
That Russell Martin Picture just Makes me wanna hire him as my stripper for my bday ;D LMAO !
I guess what I am seeing is a monopoly of sorts where it seems like IGI Global is dominating the edited book market...
I've decided that I have to be on #TopGear. Now all I need is to be a film/music star. Give me a week.
man u knw I got da peach ciroc I'm a addict
.... Just came from a baby shower! that was fun!
Need to flip the healthcare model to a wellness business, says Van Gorder.
I feel like a grandma...its bedtime.
What did you learn today? Indulge me, seriously.
Naison handed me back my final paper, and it was covered in coffee stains and bacon grease and a little bit of frosting. I like it.
so what are we doing today?
I need a new avi...
representing #CulverCity and Johnie's Pastrami on post #SuperBowl show tonight!
you already know it
Aside from Fig Newtons - btw, they're dropping the Fig, go fig - I only eat figs wrapped in bacon. I felt I had to share.
The lights are back on! Griffith Park & Hyperion got power back about 15 min. ago. Thank you
Sounds good man! :)
I am bursting with something I really want you to know. It IS possible! Follow your dreams.
Cause he asked you out!? It was super duper funny! Tyler:Okay this is a serious..*Starts laughing* Will YOU go out with me
I still get emails from my students asking questions years later. I love it.
Yeah. I'm still in love with Owl City. So what?
what site is it?
“: : "Bang the front, Shag the back" Rachel Ray makeovers today!!! "Business in the front party in the back"
Are you a fan o #UrbanFiction? A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is so gripping you can't put it down.
Late night girl talks with and [: the best.
Q4 fliers, facebook, twitter, word of mouth, announcement in local paper, monthly calendars
What is the Cardinals single game rushing mark? Is it L Johnson against the Saints?
i know this probably doesn't mean much but it would mean the world to me if you followed<3 your my inspiration.<3i love you.<3
:C you're the first to know if there is, join us joinnnnnnussssssssssssushfdhdfhfd oops
How positively delicious was the weather in #Chicago today??? Get out there and soak it up on a patio or rooftop! :-)
The #women #farmers federation is women-managed and operated. It is registered as an official federation in Uttar Pradesh,
Hey Tiffy here and I must say I love your article in the new your amazing, Much <3 :D
TITA: Waz UP w/ a culture that pushes the weaker smarter, more intelligent teen into refusing to show it or get the easy (for them) A?
Day off, hanging out with friends/family in Minneapolis. Tomorrow night at 7th Street Entry!
how hot a girl directly correlates to how difficult she is, how much are you willing to put up with for her?
is that win % affected by beating the Brewers?
imma try to make it after my show....This guy is the best I know
Your flash drive is at College Library. You can pick it up at the front desk on the 1st floor.
#Asiansuperstitions don't walk over someone's legs, you won't grow taller. This is true btw. I've been short since
Right now Im Licking you & I cant believe you dont know that you are really tasty. Thats what makes you ICE CREAM
. No. sucks. Just hit me up when you done and I will get it up quick
Who won the gogo dancing contest tonight at AJA??? Someone fill me in... so curious lol
Decisions decisions.I usually just do what I feel is best in the process of making a decision but I don't keep the result in mind
Am I seriously underestimating DC weather by saying that looks fun?
Let me know when you hear about Scandal...that is all I care about right now...lol
hey are you following
Obsessing about an #Hermes belt!!!! Aaaarghhhhh!!!
I don't think that's real.
I think you need to KILL YOUR TWITTERFEED ACCT!
THURSDAY WING NIGHT Returns Tonight!
Google star hasn&#39;t let cat out of the bags
there's an import utility on the wordpress dashboard. bottom left. that should allow u to import past entries from e4innovation
OMG you are creeping.. PLZ PLZ NOTICE ME. Huge #BSB fan! Omg xx
Looked at the 'recommended people to follow' and was surprised to see the CAT of an ex. His CAT?
Happy hour in full swing Milwaukee! Half off at the bar, excludes bottles!
The new video of our segment in the KQ2 showcase is up! Just look at it - would you just look at that! just look at it!
If u miss breakfast man u miss out mines was on point
same to you
wow Ryan. A Milwaukee business owner has 44 employees and doesn't file taxes as a corporation?! That's a lie. Flat out
The House Speaker claims the President wants a "blank" check. He says "The Bigger the Government the smaller the people."
this rain n thunder scarin the piss outta me
Comon give me a stud on defense who doesn't stomp out people... our offense needs some help on the other side of the ball
If a man steals your woman, the best revenge is to let him keep her.
wants my dick.
Social Media Changing The Nature Of Activism?
Wow back in Vegas and never thought I would say what a quiet town, It is next to NY
I am alone in this bed, house, and head.
Only 25% of men planned their first sexual encounter.
Off duty Chula Vista cop arrested at Sycuan casino for cheating at blackjack. Had prior DUI arrest in April.
in da k
sure do!
No no no no no !!!!!!! I refuse , fxck it & ima thugg it out like i do everythingg else ..
;-) Why I love this Twitter account, despite never reading/watching Harry Potter: “: #10thingsIhateaboutyou: Everything.”
Our Design Prices have changed for 2012................ Request the new price list 2day
Thanks Justin. It's always great to see you.Hope you had a great week end.Did see the trick/treat on Southport?It was crazy
#stupidthingspeopledo well they do stupid things.
I have had an inspiring week. Making connections and networking and winning at going to the Wisdom Course. Cynthia Harris
Join us at 4:45 as we say our farewell to the fabulous du Soleil performers at #drupa - then happy hour at 5 in hall 8b
MAN TWITTER IS THE BIZZ ONLY THING LEFT IS THE BUTCHERS RACK 30 THE GRIL &NIGHTSTAND R GONE.CANT WAIT FREAKN NEW SHIT LOL..HIT BOX 4 INFO
Seatbelt is probably safer, in fact. Though the Timbelt does have its charms.
Swag right there.
TRAK Records and Library is recruiting for a Corporate Manager for their client, a large corporation in Washington, DC. The Manager will be…
Im still at the school... :((
#Fact RT “: If a #Virgo doesn't talk to you, it's most likely because they are extremely shy or because they don't like you.”
AMEN BROTHER DAWKINS
yuck. I mean PARTY
RT Top Social: As Pride Month comes to a close, here are the Top 10 LGBT Websites goo.gl/F3yvL
Morning musts: make-up, lunch for work, bomb outfit and
Make come alive come on and
Living in sin is the new thing. Are you in?
what's that movie where the main character watches somebody else live their life in a really grotesque/disasterous manner?
Doug my nigga.
United couples experience a 'synchronicity that manifests as love, and a dignity that goes beyond either individual. They glow.' Mipham.
Race to 500 "likes" almost at 300 and I will have my first Giveaway!!
Flashing lights in my mind Going back to the time Playing games in the street Kicking balls with my feet There’s a numb in my toes...
DISREGARD MESAAGE FROM US
Don't say you love someone and not mean it
going to see & in concert with and Sam in August
yeah i mean i can't control others emotions or argumentative styles. maybe someone learns something in the process, who knows
Tomorrow is Friday but today is the day you can save 25% in your fist order #SouthFlorida - Printed tees, embroidered polos, corp apparel!
one of my pre-k kiddos was dancing to the michael jackson music playing in his head during breakfast. made my day :)
I'll be jamming to on the bus to six flags.
I agree with you completely
I'm #certified !!!
Talking biz on #WXXI 1370 am in 10 min. Largely I'll whine about the cold.
Meet the Kintern: Robin Stanberry is a graduate of #SCAD in animation. "What I love the most about Kin Valley is the community. Even...
Happy Birthday good sir!
Happy how Black Widow is portrayed in #Avengers, not happy how she's excluded from the toy line. Girls want wrist tazers!
you are not right!!
Every one left me alone:/
Its not in my bloodline to be #Jealous.....Nevea been
Is it 6 am or 6pm right now? This daylight savings change has got me all mixed up
well damn :( lol
Excited for this!
Bitch can't spell
I'll need a crash course in candy offerings & pop culture upon return (although I don't know pop culture when I'm home)
XC: can sync data conversion to existing systems. This is nice - I want my data, so I can do whatever I want with it.
come on out tonight, score $1 drinks and whoop some in xmas trivia! Bring all you know! 7:30-midnight @ irelands 32!
Why do Jewish people celebrate overpasses today? I mean I guess they help out with transportation
yes you are so late, my bird stop tweeting... Tawwweeeeet...ta...e... Lol.
sucks for you... oh wait that was me today
It's the one% that want us to believe that the monster at the end of this book is the other 99% according to Grover
Maryland employers will not be allowed to ask empl. to provide social media passwords under law. Washington Post/Capital Business Blog
Will be reaching my fitness goals. Boy I have come a long way
Don't forget raised by grandparents & plays basketball.
that and "gong" had some flashbacks to the unknown comic
wtf does that have to do wit shit son?
I need to get my mom some "Hip" music so she's not blaring shit from the 70's or whenever it was made. xD
Thanks! Much better today!
Dang, this recliner feels good.
Lol I think I am going to go with the second one after all. Figured I have more flexibility in jewelry options with that :)
Excellent point.
This made me laugh on a sad night: RT : RIP clarence clemons, not really sure who you were exactly, but dying is sad.
Please. Come. To. Seattle.
That's when you just have to say "too easy- leave it alone" It WAS beyond words. I'm thinking Joanna Kerns next week.
If you want to try something different then the club scene..Try a Speed Dating Event!!! Register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
OPs 1000th follower.
Hey NOW, I want to add that jazz is awesome! Love the show, more so love the howard 100 news team. Steve Langford is funny!
you're missing the beaver Dems dinner??
Yup started yesterday.
Luckily baseball starts soon! Woo
no need for the attitude
I miss the room how is she doing?
Some friendly stalking of 's Flickr lead me to subscribing to 's REVIEW OF CONTEMPORARY FICTION. Thanks, yo.
So glad I'm in with my boyfriend tonight, like every night.
I wish I could have Kanomwan crack snapper for every meal.
no paper hoe but u can have some more of me
okay ill try!
I don't beef wit ppl.
The RZA is a genius yo ! The beats, the bars, the edits from Kung Fu movie like yo <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Recently saw that, too, but need to watch again! RT : it's pretty awesome. So is Flushed Away (also Aardman)
he palest ink is better than the best memory
heard the avengers ending credits showcases my favorite marvel villain. i guess i have to see this damn thing now.
If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's this: el mundo es un pañuelo.
Happy Dyngus Day. One of these years I'm going to get out to the Buffalo parade!
my dad said while watching Princess Diaries,that looks like Davy Jones when he was young, that just made me smile :)
O we a man with nice dreads is so sexy to me!
Discovered hidden, crouching DMV under bridge.
Do tell! Cho was dead for HH ...
This basically made me laugh out loud! See the resemblance but you definitely look better
i am coming TONIGHT,...i am coming to 3 of the 4 02 shows, all minus Sports relief shows, at the back tonight and
doing anything today to be outside! sun sun mr golden sun please continue to shine down on me!
i hate in college that you cant just take a class bc u enjoy it like photography or glass blowing like y do i need to b an art major 4 that
Hey , is there a way to add tags to multiple photos at a time in a group as the moderator?
mystyle Shop-It List: Black Friday Edition Things we 'll be shopping for this Black Friday... 1. Flaunt It: Marceau Cutout Drawstring Dre
Bet he's on wikipedia right now
Thx for the updates. I'm watching it now.
RT will there be an event during the #2012BBC in Dallas in Sept? I'd love to join! < Not planned right now.
I know not everybody likes Jimmy Fallon, but seriously, having the president slow jam the news with The Roots? That is priceless.
Bubble burst. Took some damage on showdowns but still above avg.
TD virgina tech. I'm sure they go for 2
St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl is pulling up to Speakeasy!
Following breaking news again! Stabbing on Wrexham Ave and a shooting on Ashton Rd... 10TV crews on both scenes this morning.
Need a place to have a beer and watch the #CAPS game?? We have you covered on both!!! Let's party
Catalogers are awesome. Libraries would be toast without them.
Pacheco fire update now on-line at www.nmfireinfo.com. Fire now at 3000 acres. via
Discount code SPRINGLOU gives you one year free membership on our site...check it out!
that's because that's what everyone usually plays. I think Black Ops 2 looks absolutely rediculous. I probably won't play it.
. have informed us they'll be at Elephant & Castle on 12th & Penn NW tonight at 8pm if anyone wants to stop by and say hello!
best music to workout to
It's O.K. to laugh during sex ... just don't point !
Austin seems so happy and i am so excited for him. This is what he wants. Let him live his dream.
I need real girl not any of these fake 2 faced girls
Thx! Need caffeine though!
I had eggs and imitation crab... Who wins? RT : i just made the worst dinner ever. :-/
- :D I love inappropriate jokes.
go get'm bro!
Exactly!": I hate when people borrow money from you then get mad at you cause you want YOUR money back"
Very nice of you to say, but I'm doubtful...
I like to think I'm funny.
Recommends "Hey Joe" by Jimi Hendrix on Pandora
I know! Glad I decided not to lay around in jammies today & organize a Latina Leadership conf instead!
Its amazes me how many DI teams don't know how to beat a zone defense. 99% of teams pass the ball around and flash the high post.
uhh my apologies to anyone who was trying to hang yesterday or if I talkdd to you
hey your tweets r great bro(;
I see what it is..
We will see you there with bells and our lederhosen on! Prost!
Why aren't you going after a KNOWN criminal? Justice Thomas ADMITTED to violating federal law - You are UNETHICAL!
RT : Realist is currently down, we'll keep you posted here. [iMapp is up]
oh it's still going on sigh i don't have the energy to deal with avp feels right now
Shout back at you! :-)
Dad: You're going to meet One Direction Me: ... Dad: .... Me: ... Dad: I'm joking. Me .... Dad: SOMEBODY CALL A DOCTOR! SHE'S NOT BREATHING!
I hate being criticized by people who ain't doin shit with their lives. ||
What if it begins a sentence? RT : It's e-commerce, lowercase. All "e-" terms are lowercase
Best...halftime...show...ever.
Free baseball.
Twitter gonna make me lose my mind up in here up in here
You make phone calls?!
Had almost completely given up being an NFL fan. The Buffalo Bills have reeled me back in.
Could you tell me who distributes Dog Fish in North and South Carolina? THANKS!
What a weekend! #TheHighlands, #DescansoGardens, and the #GeffenPlayhouse! I'm so ready for the week! Let's go, Month o' May!!
I have some screwed up dreams...
As a compromise, Mitt Romney will allow gay people to get married on top of his car only.
you got hot pockets?
Just ate mold.
“: How do we know that all these people discovering the truth about Sarah Phillips are not, in fact, Sarah Phillips?” indeed
I crack myself up!! Hahaha
Hats off to the -the team won their first game ever 50 years ago today, beating the Pirates 9-1 :)
Inelieve that is the plan. We can also try my Skype multi-user video.
No one in my house wants to work out with me.. :c
sarah. What is your problem with Camilla?
Ah so much to do, so little time. Is it Monday or Friday???
I loved your piece in The Rumpus. And you seem so fucking well-adjusted.
round glasses of acetate frame the gray gradient of purposes Marc Of jacobs sunprotecting glasses the code of the goods Deta :-)
In the very least, you want to minimize the damage that an IME can do to your case.
graffiti washes. Literally, the worst mayor. He's like the mayor from the 80s.
May Day in
Krasznahorkai's "Satantango" is my #FridayReads ( with great thanks to ).
The most cut-throat canasta game in literature.
Love USA <U+2665>
- where's the link to watch? Sounds like a cool project!
How about now does anyone see me?
Gotta be switching desktops on the fly. Gonna be so useful when you've got photoshop and illustrator open etc.
S/o to 11after11
Just sent the links direct to you from youtube
Having bad posterior lower back leg and foot pain :(. Pregnancy does it to ya I tell ya
I wasn't getting enough people. I'll still order them and make a smaller card for her cause I want one and I'm sure her mom
totally a word if you don't know how to say the very difficult "colorful"
I wanna go to the zoo. (:
"I'm gonna get you sucka"!
Pitino can NOT lose next week! I won't be able to take much more.
We agree- Management presence is important for a successful environment! RT : Strong management...(Trickles downhil)
loving this tablet
The Weekly Defense Industry Roundup is out!
Ideas are like pizza dough, made to be tossed around. ~Anna Quindlen
So much respect for for teething that and being honest about their relationship. I hope he's okay :/ xx
why have i never just tried expecto patronum? this woman sucks all the happiness out of the office with her whining, clearly a dementor...
vodka rocks. Best drink if you're on a diet. Or vodka water...
Country Tune for today "thank you" (bens Song) yes yes yes
Ordered hard copies of book for younger half of office staff (myself included). The older half requested ebooks.
Alright sorry guys an emergency came up and we can't do the stickam chat today. It we are going to have it tomorrow at 5:30 central time!
juliest Thanks for the recommendations. It's for a client/colleague cocktails. I'll pass on those ideas ;)
revenues and withrawals are still messed up and NOBODY from Fiverr is answering. What's up with my money?
Happy Monday all
My big headed ass son hung up in my face ! Just rude
I log on to Twitter only to find out I am being kidnapped
Craig Sager tall as hell. he was taller than me
So if I seem a little awkward next time I see you, that's probably because of that sex dream I had about you last night.
Most of the time at least :) twitter is hard..
I've been replacing items on my to-do lists with names of people I need to write long, heartfelt letters to.
8am final out of the way finally. One more to go in an hour and I'm #DONE! Can't wait to get home tomorrow :D
BIG Congrats to Sony Recording Artist Caroline Kole (formerly 'Suite Caroline') on the Brand New Name! RMG LOVES IT!
Check out our website with our carefully chosen companies and link into great fashion ideaswww.kurta.com
I love you and thank you for inspiring me to sing and write more :) love you <33333 !!
Chilling watching movies
who's doing it?
Blue is all over the place with this zone.
Coming to the dog park.
New Orleans doesn't take a night off. Wed at the Square resumes this evening so go out and enjoy the summer weather!
were you been
#liber2011 RLUK looking at doing a national registry of digitized freely-available and accessible books and journals. That would be great.
So How Do I Know This Medication Is Right For Me?...”Well For One It Matches Your Shirt…”
Who cut you ? blind fury ? Lmbo
I feel the same way
Proverbs 8..."For wisdom is far more valuable than rubies. Nothing you desire can compare with it."
Stirrin up old memories
Boyfriend arrived with flowers yesterday and is making dinner tonight!
Lots of site visits this week. Big names in the Health Plan arena are checking us out. It is a great feeling.
Gotta love #Jay Bilas: just compared Crowder from MARQ to the Queen in chess (he can do it all)
Happy Weekend! Are you a Fan of Evanced on Facebook yet? facebook.com/evancedsolutions. :)
Good morning
Im new here, it is always crappy out? RT It may be crappy outside, but I'm feeling great thanks to my sangria and my girls!
girls with glasses are hot!
He supports the repeal of DOMA. Marriage laws are at the state leve.
word in Wisconsin is Dane in Kimberly has been baking all morning Romey.
I see. Just offerring assistance in case it was needed. Good luck.
Butler 1st half Nored punches ball down court Stigall passes back for layup.
little known fact I also like the blues ... Sharks>blues still
haha....those days have passed for me....hoops...5k races and the occasional run down black diamond trails is my speed. ;o)
OBL dead, this is more ground breaking than the royal wedding!!
i'm flying to columbus this wknd to personally fulfill your order.
yes! A family musical sounds perfect! Les Mis?? Perfect.
Just hit Order #300,000 in Delivermefood.com History! Thanks Cleveland we couldn't reach this milestone without you!
Dreaming or awake, we perceive only events that have meaning to us
Google is trying to melt my server. Normally I serve 6 GB traffic a day. Google is hitting me up for 2,616 GB in one day!
“: Exits Twitter, closes laptop, crawls into bed... unlocks phone, gets back on Twitter”
They say we can love who we trust, but what is love without lust?
The aged of Randy Orton is alive...
Houston trip over. Highlights: 1 advocating for Latinas 2 executive producing #LULAC leadership video 3 cocktails & cake
People that smoke, and brag all about it on their twitter or facebook? Idiots -.-
Thanks for the feature! Though, our first partner was another Tu- :-)
telepathy is a wonderful power!
hey o. let's talk when you get a chance/(I know Lisa E). my info: 510 346 9299/ www.benjertainment.com Thanks. -Benjie
Big Ups to everyone on their #GRIND this morn!! XOXO #LeisureStylist :)
China data points towards economic recovery - Reuters
Nice!! RT We are a big fan of #thursdaydrunks. So much, you guys have 10% off anytime on anything! what!
listening to it now. thnks
Pleasing God blesses people! If all you do ministers to God, it will bring about salvation, encouragement, healing and deliverance .
OMG THEY'RE HAVING A SHOW CALLED iLOVE JIMMY FALLON AND JIMMY FALLON'S GOING TO BE IN IT WUT
Just saw why Celtics are so great. Banker by Garnett with a second left beats Sixers. Play set up beautifully before Philly D could rotate.
Just now realizing that I should have spent way more time studying this weekend then watching football. Thanks members of the DSF league
FOLLOW THE SEXIEST TEAM ON TWITTER
Listening to Basically the best music ever made
The Rulers Back - Jay-Z
yeah I agree wit ya bio... Make ur self happy cuz no body can do it like ur self can
Calm seas do not make a skillful sailor. ~African proverb
seriously. my breath is RANK.
Still awake at 12:30. Alarm at 5:30. Ack. Close the laptop. Don't read another chapter from the novel. Quit reading Tweets. Sleep!
ha! Thanks and sorry for the mistweet! If you start selling furniture let me know :)
Hi, who would i chat with about a "Deceptively Delicious" iPad app?
RT if you take showers... I hope so...
tell my uncle I said hello.
It's Glee time at TG high school. How did I get here?
Woah dude. Sounds like new friends are in order.
i always want to give away my loofah creations, my passion is so deep for this business, there's no shutting anyone out I share!!
Our Here's Hope program is the only emergency and transitional program in Miami-Dade designed for persons dealing with HIV & AIDS.
as was I. that was a seriously big ax....
how do you spend hump day? i spend mine smelling lovely lilacs, making delicious chocolate cake, & trying to pick my mailbox lock!
nice!!! good luck with that!
I wouldn't want to see Babe Ruth try to hit homers at 70 years old though
yeah that's on my favorites list on my iPhone lol I can't deal!
And you know I give good cocktail!
I love you Ellen so much I'm doing ur dance dare with my sister please follow
Pens can be the devil. (Ink stain on bed.)
bro thats rough. i personally hate that im so hot my wooden house burns down.
Want help losing weight? send me a DM I can help you use #TheForce to meet your goals.
Thank you.
Here in #wbgva too RT Gorgeous morning in San Diego. It's a dog park kinda day. Grab the leash & take your human out for a stroll.
and if we're beta testing, can I get some categories up top and follow buttons for the twitter etc instead? I'm pushing it eh?
We're pouring from the barrel tonight Urban Garden Party tonight! Can't wait!
Nobody knows you better than I do. I keep my promises, I'm fighting for you.
Dgretawire Hi Greta - my book "Images of America - Fort Myer" published in JUN - 1st book @ this historic US Army Post near Washington DC
#2012NFLDraft day!!! It's like Christmas in April. Let's go
To New Orleans today checkin in with Saints clients and 3rd rd pick
#occupywallstreet - follow They're having a rough Monday - show them some love... xo from ATX
Its intense ;)
Has anyone ever got as little as a hand-sized stuff animal from a claw machine?
RT : Almost done w/ my Coyote Ugly outfit (This we need to see...)
My Fones Being Hella Gay Sorry If iDidnt Do Your Tbh I'll Try To Do Them Tomorrow iPromise.
is a pro butt-rubber. Homemade 'que for pre-Easter dinner.
Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe. Drink specials all night long!
New SHORTS coming when I hit 23k !!! :)
I'm good too :D
i wuld change my profile pict bt ion have d picture on my laptop, fone, or desktop thats sum bullshxt
Contemplating the this weekend. To go today or tomorrow... both or neither? VIP? Are you going?
We'll announce the winner of our Smokin New Year's Eve celebration at 5pm so be sure to follow & RT for ur chance to win 2 tix!
New Icon(: Like??
Will do! Prog rules!
Maann i missed them dance, over here looking at my TL
It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday.
I'll be right over
Oh yeah, and I can thank and for helping out!
Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love
Very excited to have been chosen to compete in the #Ruinart #Champagne Challenge held today Good people and a good time :)
that is gorgeous
No one likes me anymore. :'(
I forgot bout the water I spilled on my carpet and when I took a nap and woke up, I didn't realize I fell asleep right on the water!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Designer Philippe Starck Says Working on 'Revolutionary' Product w Apple, Release within 8 Months... I DIE!
I have seen those and wondered the same thing. Morons...I tell ya!!
You're gonna regret being a bitch to me, mom . When you're old & need my help, I'm gonna stick your ass in a sanatorium.
Hey , thanks for your #AAM2012 tweets! I've enjoyed living vicariously through you!
Yes, Tagore is right that it's all about the depth and quality of experience.
Headed off to an awesome retreat with our #GSA #firstfridays team. Go #ux!
Efrain, so nice to see you here! It's been a long time.
Here's the deal. We can open anytime but still have some housekeeping stuff until we can be at 100%... so...
Can I At Least Get A Follow Back From U If Ur Not Bout To Have A JohnnyCupcakes NY?? Support My Independent Clothing Line
My first NY #earthquake. I thought it was an elevated train moving the building, then I realized ... I'm on LI.
please follow student group at Hiward Univ.
God is so good and so powerful. Oh how his precious holy spirit is so awesome. Praise God
Pinnacle evolution drysuit #thingsyouwontfindinmydivebag also cause I can't afford it lol
another day another dollar
did you walk on and earn the starting qb job too?
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 6 Washington Redskins 20 1:03 in 3rd #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
"#Mom I want to go on a diet. I don't like this gut I have" says a 9yo HamSter. Why? "You're on a diet & losing weight." I am?
Me: MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! *silence* :'D
We're happy to have you in any form!
just rub it in -__-
I've still never run more than 5. Although I haven't tried or really wanted to...
Dolphins free agent gone - RT : DT Paul Soliai looking at either a 5-year or 2-year deal with Broncos. Debating the options.
Enjoying a bottle of Grey Goose @ The Mid. Come by our table and have a drink on us....
stressed but im getting thru it, u ?
Plans for tonight: finish the bookish.nu redesign, write write write, and find something to eat that isn't ham.
aww I would be down but u soo far
the winter is slowing slipping away.... does that make you sad or happy?
i've been so obnoxious on twitter lately
it's on.
something Belgian I hope...
Come visit and we'll go get popsicles! :)
gonna be adorable;) wink wink
We're thinking maybe sometime in January. maybe you'll have a show in LA soon! need me some awesomeness!!
ok ima check. I'm not by a computer right now. What's your Spanish major or minor
come up for a week this summer cutie!!!
Irene is now leaving FL coast but, is now heading up too NYC..
better than golden corral?
Happy Be Day !!! Hope you have an amazing day! Miss you :)
#FF for new / early-career federal librarians RT Welcome to the NewFeds twitter feed
Work again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Access? Surely not. It's more like reading a book they've published… which we can do already. What's new about this, again?
But One Thing I Knw I Always Dream Big
I was a virgin until age 18. I mean, I sucked a few tits and fingered a few of my 3rd based cousins but I neva stuck it inside
Going to tonite? Then check out Art Time Punks tonite ! www.echoparkbooks.com
Henri you jerk. I made that. Now scoot.
Hi. Sorry to hear about George's progression. I hope your getting help also.....thanks for checking in. I'm too busy these days
So I start a fight, because I need to feel something. And you do what you want, 'cause I'm not what you wanted.
Harold i see you creeping on us fans <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Can't wait for my new computer. I have a huge Steam backlog this computer isn't strong enough for.
Oh ok I see now
Thanks for including me! PS - Did you see a Japanese/Thai place (O'sha) opening at old Tantawan Thai in Watertown?
dang, you figured out MY secret. I'm so white I glow! ;)
Shit just got real for you Slumdog
So cold and gloomy today, let's just all stay in and root for the #packers to keep the winning streak
Thanks, Alex!
What bitch?
We are currently looking for an underwriter for our corporation. email your portfolio to:
#SteelerNation pass it along can't follow more than 2,000 until our followers go up
does dat mean i do do it or i dont do it
be careful mama you are gonna fall “: what?! What'd I do wrong?!”
Believe it or not, this is the optimistic viewpoint. I'm talking about playoffs as something not completely lost.
And I know on Monday that things are just gonna go back to the way they were...
are you guys starting fires in the phd office?
Absolutely fantastic. You?
Posted at Wal-Mart with my pops.
I love how swype on my phone has snuffaluffagus in it
I'm gonna buy the left side of mrs barbudo's room deodorant.... It smells so bad of BO right now
The hardest thing to do is nothing at all
Aw thanks! Check out our website (we know it needs work) but all proceeds go to helping poverty
crazy mary. Always gives me memories of Jeff, greased hair and dirty jeans
#TheThingIHateMost Never complain about the quality or brand of a free drink...
RT We are looking for #coffee bloggers! DM us if interested in our #Blogger VIP package for CoffeeCon for this event!
So... I guess this camping trip is going to turn into a motel trip?
thanks to you I have a love hangover today.
I am not awkard... you are just crazy.
I want more votes!
Tony Delk, his number should be hanging in the rafters years ago! Or Dale Brown in the final four game against Michigan.
Toyota Park has a nice sized crowd for this chilly April day.
Trout, that may have been the funniest tweet of all time.
of course
hey! thanks so much for the follow(: itd be totally rad if you checked out !(: theyve got some awesome music :D
your really pretty :)
re: Gears and WordPress: everything else I set Gears up for created a nifty desktop shortcut. WP didn't do that. :-(
Happy American Craft Beer Week (and soon to be Chicago Craft Beer Week)! #LincolnPark is excited to celebrate!
Important lesson 4 athletes RT Congrats to Not just 4 winning the Masters, but 4 thanking fans 1-BY-1 on Twitter.
haha its ok! it's just how I built the group so everyone is plugged in either on FB or twitter. Cant wait to collaborate
The roll in freezer is brilliant! I'm ALMOST motivated enough to walk to Publix for ingredients ...
Oh yay it's midnight and i'm at work.
Spending Super Bowl Sunday with in Malibu, on the beach... NOT watching said Super Bowl.
New York City Graphic Design #freelance%20graphic%20design
Join us tonight for Beer School - Stay in school!
#askSarah when did you and Alex meet? ;)
Way pumped for the launch of an enterprise app our team built. Coming soon!
$18 to mail a 6"x9" padded envelope that weighs less than 3 ounces? I don't frakkin' think so!
Only have to set my alarm a few more times to get up at the crack of dawn for high school. Thank gawd.
I just want to grab you & kiss you.
imagine if them four did a song together? #winning #songofthecentury Z-Swag & B-Swag could dance on the vid too :)
Ever notice how irons have a setting for *permanent* press? I don't get it
y isn't thomas in the pictures u guys took?
i just made it to houston .
No full size fatheads! Hafta settle for the jr one i guess... Need to have my favorite player up when watching the game! YANKS
Let's go
I'd say this is worse than Daredevil, but I turned that one off after 20 minutes.
123swag: You have too much swag, it's unbelievable! ;D Oh & nice number! (;
Samsung's Galaxy S I reportedly notches nine million pre-orders worldwide
send your stuff in.
I love my mama! Welcome home pretty new #tano thanks :o)
what dat suppose to mean???
A hard boiled egg.
Hey Miguel, all is well! Long time no see! Hope 2012 is treating you well!
stuck in my head. hard.
The pluralistic phenomena are an illusion projected upon the Atman just as an illusory snake is projected upon a rope.
Unless we comeback!
#NowPlaying 50 cent Ski Mask Way
Needs something to do.
just responded
yep. What I should do is quit my job and offer to help with *anything* he needs. Even taking out the trash.
Any word on Young's return? Does that play into the deal?
no prob love :)
Fantastic! Is this your first time? Anything you're looking for in particular?
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come
oh i dnt remember sayin tht but no we dnt still kiss n i haven't seen him for like 4 months
who would win in a bout between and ?
Time to put some of your work up for sale ;)
Planning for #TEDxYouth !! Such an amazing event - SAVE the DATE - November 20th - Little Haiti Cultural Center in Miami
play san antonio pleasee! I know you're playing warped but it jus isn't enough ;)
I wanna go to bed but then again I'm not that sleepy
how is life
Trying to relax a bit bc Im stressed out... Listening to maxwell
One of the best flicks ever...Georg isn't scruffy, but he's hot!
Dance to relieve the stress
Skating around, laughing at my friends, and eat McDonald made me sleep....Lol like that's a lot.
All five of the Space Race 2012 are now in Seattle and are about to have dinner SkyCity at the Needle!
Was walking from appt and saw TV with #springtraining baseball game on...you can have #MarchMadness. GO #CUBS!
Westest week is always so lonnnnggg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I ain't gone lie.. I miss you too.
Thank God for West Coast friends to keep me entertained @ this ridiculous hour! :)
your a really good singer!! Follow back please.<3
Important Food Recall Information - Please see link attached or visit our website for more information....
Outdoor Seating Starts Tonight!
Arian Foster, Brandon Jacobs or Ganther?
Larry is funny as Fuck. Lmao.
“: #tbt what?? When was this taken?”>>>throwback Thursday lol and it was over a year ago.
How in the hell am I supposed to do 7 classes, when I only want 5 on my SENIOR class schedule..
Although mothers are aligned to caring, don't forget the discipline they bring to life. Challenge us to clean up, be better!
yes indeed :)
Your #poetry is AWESOME, Girl! Keep writing!
The novelty of being in the same country hasn't worn off :)
every time I hear " The One That Got Away" I think of you! Hahaah
#GETACMTOPHILLY. I THINK THE OTHERS ARE BLOCKED.
*sigh*, Apple, you should have consulted me on your ipad 3. #justsaying. start the campaign for HAPTIC IPAD 4!
Good morning, everyone! [And welcome, new followers!] We're excited to announce more details & give away our first prize this week.
5 pm mark. time to work on & 's invitations!
Philly niggaz dnt go ham nomore we go R A M B O
i'm standing outside of my self looking at me
Last night I had dreams about *having* to get a 7-layer screen print done. Or solving some problem by printing.
Melibee Global's website is experiencing some down time - hang tight - we'll be up and running again soon (ETA - later today!) Thanks!
Get your teams in for tomorrow! Go for the Super Bowl Tickets. Simple and Free. Check us out at www.playffnow.com
Visalia police continue search for suspects in downtown shooting - Visalia Times-Delta
Gracias. :) We're headed to the East Coast on Thursday for Commencement.
I'm jealous of you? Yes I'm definetaly jealous of someone who is a complete douchebag
ah! I'm so sorry!! I just got the notification for the DM like 2 minutes ago. I did all the translations and DM u them
Mr. Irsay, you can give the prizes to who you want but there were 6 BEFORE last night and that was the 7th Saftey in SB History
Oy. I could use it.
There's just something about country music with the windows down on a spring day.
Top 10 things on TV for week of April 29, 2012 - New York Daily News
Yoga two-a-days taking a toll on the hands. Lesson: don't be afraid of change, but listen to your body. More weights. Fewer chatarangas.
The Anchor Bar Now has NHL Center ICE!!! so come in and check out every NHL game at your fav bar on the Island, Every Game ALL Season Long!!
Three shows in which I acted in college are now on the boards in Chicago. Angels in America, Arcadia, The Cripple of Inishmaan.
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank Radcliffe Bailey and wife Victoria Rowell for using our computer repair services.
thanks brother!
ship me some :)
Oh, just stay... how often are you in Roanoke anyway?!
yup. It's easy...like IM
i meant im not following you
miss u!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Gimme a good first tune!
What do Neutral Ground, US Combat Sports and MBG have in common? An awesome Brazilian Jiu Jitsu event of course! This Sunday 3:30-6pm!
some of us!
See what you're saying. I do. I just don't think equal rights lead to moral decay. I appreciate your position.
thanks for the follow love (:
Feels good being off on Mondays.
Follow My Friends
It sure is! Thanks for your green at work tips today - every little bit helps!
yeah I has one once. The pain is terrible.
hahahah, i don't have an eye so i can't see you :(
If You Wanna Be My Understudy … : MEOW
Crazy to hear that W. Vball Head Coach is retiring from coaching !! He started at UC when I was a Freshman!!
it will be once i get a nap... 2 hrs sleep, ugh!
Rep Where You From : Im From __________
hey Kristin! Of course!!! I just need an email address and I can get that to u :))))
Should I add #taystips to my shirt for tonight? Hahaha
“ When i get home - ima watch Columbiana for the 10000th time!”
Nice tweet
Shane battier?! Lol
haha she was a stripper in mr. Gieshens play #creepy and what does yolo mean?
#MarchMadness Tourney is a couple days away!! Open early at 10am! Jack Honey Girls! Early Happy Hour! Burger Specials! Both Locations!!
RT DwightAlford Money on my mind
Being so short that sun blocker thing I the car doesn't block the sun so u can't see shit
Think my account has been hacked. Trying to resolve. Sorry for the crazy tweets.
I saw some stills from the finale. OMG!!!
THANK YOU to everyone involved in #dareproject 16! We will have details on 17 and beyond soon.
I <U+2665> Angela! Be my valentine!
Earthquake in Philadelphia?? That was weird!
Aww everyone is being so nice today...
Should I change my icon to me?
Forget fireworks cats downtown put on a gun show like u wouldn't believe
yeah, it's a roller-coaster ride.
i'm all outta love. i'm so lost without you.
YOU'RE the one who defined a 100 year time span as "200 years ago." This ain't CITYBEAT, my friend. Higher standards apply here.
All these fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song ill be sick
There are no plans currently, but you never know! :)
they luvin that R&G all n tha Chi we bout to b world wide my nicca!
Another special teams ace for the Ravens, smh!
-__-": When no one understands you <"
I AGREE. I DELETE IF YOU DELETE <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Everyone is more than welcome to follow my music composer twitter!!
both of them make me angry
Incredibly sad about MCA news. It's making it very hard for me to be an adult and pay bills and do laundry.
I'm in love with it haha
can i go with you ?:) x
RT Businesses that blog get 55% more website traffic than those that don’t
I am seriously so sore that if someone offered me a segway scooter I'd happily hop on & ride it to valet.
I think we'll use (most of) mr. obama's campaign playlist as the theme music for tomorrow's #PLA2012 unconference. Join us in Rm 122, 12.30.
who's knows how we would have acted at that age with a ton of $. I think enes has a decent shot. I'm more optimistic than most 40%
The #Celtics bench was huge tonight. Dooling, Daniels, Sasha, Hollins, Stiemsma Great Win
Lmao I love when tweets, and it's about me xD
At #relayforlife in #Kennewick remembering loved ones and supporting the cancer warriors & survivors!
The tweets about the #HalfTimeShow are almost more entertaining than the show itself.
#dimmakstudios90028_6pm I want a follow!! :)
good luck...just know time waits on no one lol
Let's go Gamecocks! We can win this one, too. Put these hogs away.
I need to <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080> . But god I do not want to get up.
CJ Wilson currently trending in the US.
Where does the other portion go?
music is my therapy....what's yours??
lol maybe or maybe not
Thunderstorms in Chicago
They steal you with hello, they kill you with goodbye.
are you in San Fran?
Who's ready for 2012?!
on the Northside.
Hahahah i love you larry. This makes me laugh. Not in a bad way though haha
I never thought I'd... be in love like this When I look at you my mind goes on a trip
Enjoying my new hair style!
i got me a 3ds and all i can say is wow where has this been all my life
If you need help with your luggage or anything, I'd be more than willing to help!!
Maybe it's my latent Oregonian, but I love sitting in my car listening to it rain.
RT BIGstLittleCity Thunder!!!! Love the Energy! Things needed to be shaken up a bit. :)
sure thing, Robert..!
saw my baby daddy bcl friday night , saw my bestfriend mgj yesterday , saw my bro djb lastnight , thss weekend been GREAT !.
A big thank you Allison for all the tweeting about the DCLUPUSWALK,
Oh Pandora just answered wit Dip It Low [Christina Milian]
Congrats to & the for signing one of the BEST 2nd baseman in the game to a contract extension!!! Well deserved !
Nearly every click in PS CS6 is exciting. Crop tool, what? But especially thrilled with new subscription model. Kudos to Adobe.
ReferDigital is now live (in beta mode) - we're signing up selected customers by invitation only.
so im patiently waiting to see and cause im finally home and i miss them
so I'll be in Tyson's corner for Training April 29-May 4, stayin n DC Til the 6thC u the 5th?
Remember that time we picked a quarterback in the draft when we needed one? Me neither.
What to do if your pet has fleas: 1)Don't panic 2) Call your Vet 3) Understand how fleas proliferate-Knowledge is power!
doesn't it!
RT if you start school tomarrow and your not looking forward to it.
Can't wait to go President Obama's fundraiser tomorrow 5pm! The title says "This ain't no tea party" Looool. That had me rolling y'll.
UPLOADING MY NEW MUSIC VIDEO.
Any recommendations for introductory books on strategic management?
Ugh. So true.
haha we need to stalk it too I guess. We tried to get it and it was good and gone.
Going to make a couple different stores look amazing today.
i couldn't put it down! I'll probably read it again sometime soon. It's such a great book :')
Just like all of my 45 days. (I have the opposite issue.)
SO is grant. Go to bed Danielle<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thanks for the follow. Will try to up my parenting tweets. Such as: eat your vegetables, dammit!
goin out tonight most likely wont b tawkn to him later
We are going nationwide now! Let everyone know. #SocialNetworkRevolution!
RT HAIL TO THE REDSKINS!!!! It's an honor to be your quarterback
I got turned down by Cameron Quiseng last night everyone. Huge applause to me.
Christ is risen!
I make d.j. Scream.(; lmao.!
A gusty thunderstorm in our future......I hope it hits when I am inside.....
OHH haha okay I was like wow she spelled it wrong if she's talking about me cx hahah I feel stupid ..
I'm feeling that big homie.....
Writing Hooks to Tracks
Glad to know the right way to search for bacon; that's always needed. C4l12
man i know that towel happy
The time has come for me to buy a VERY CHEAP ukulele. Any advice on which to buy/avoid? cc:
So many of my #realfood friends are having babies! Very exciting!
lets go!
Qualified teachers need to demand professional respect. Administrators need to listen to teacher's ideas and implement them.
Are you still on Fridays off now? Doing this soon might be a good idea, because things have been slow around here.
We have new details that have just come to light in the #TrayvonMartin case. Tune in now to NBC 6
OK, that part sucks...
Boredom is the root of all evil.
Really, the last thing I needed this week was a DDOS attack.
wow, thank you! That's a huge compliment:)
Twins game tonight with my cousins from Florida!
still got 'em?
hahaha thank you!
Will there be French onion dip and Pabst?
Get it on tha flow get it get it flow
I love urban decay
The Charlotte Bobcats are hosting the Chicago Bulls tonight at the Time Warner Cable Arena. Call us for game tickets: 888-493-0004
follow for the latest #neuroscience & #consciousness, #metaphysics & #mind, #math &
Y am I having some major technical difficulties this morning?
Book club last night LOVED Crooked Letter, Crooked Letter by Tom Franklin. Timelier than ever. Lively discussion.
I'm never going to be willing to say I'm done and give it all up
damn what dat and nothing watching Kay tv shows with until I go in :30
why did i just see a chick so fat that her tits hung to the sides??? ewe
O . Okay . It don't look like that . Well too me at least but we will finish this next time we see eachother
Thank You For Following
I am going to win tonight...my goal is to get Duke to call out again..
Rainy days are really calming :)
I can't believe all of the NCAA coverage on CBS today. Five more hours?! Come on ASU!
And I'm off to Portlandia! :D can't wait to see :)
The first guy to ever put his penis between a pair of breasts was a true innovator..
Caroline Heldman: "More than ever, advertising and media are creating and communicating societal norms about gender."
Do you smell burgers?
Very sad that the has now become the #AGT Wrap-Up Show. Show is unlistenable this morning
no its funny lol
You shouldn't treat someone like crap due to their sexual orientation! SMH!
I am having presidential politics dreams. This is the worst possible outcome.
sure thing! Say when:)
I'd slip in an extra $100/ticket if U add , , and
Nice one :)
#TLG2012 Breakfast in the exhibit Hall. Stop by and find out about innovative products.
is HOME! Back up at 6.30 AM.
Sent u some possible web 2.0 ideas. Let me know. I will get a proposal in... possibly also think of TCEA in Feb
Iced or Hot?
My prayers go out to the folks at Fort Hood. This has been a terrible war.
With teens of our Youth Ministry, visiting residents of a senior center.
Hm, are we thinking dive bar or something a little classy?
LA bound once again.
That sucks. We don't eat Lake Michigan fish because of the mercury. I love the lake, I've live in MKE my whole life.
has the democratic lead in the #recallwalker election so far.
no crap Sherlock- the gas will have to flow... But drilling...
In my opinion, Labyrinth, despite or perhaps because of David Bowie's codpiece. -JR
Twitter has allowed Poised Creation and its artists to flourish! Thanks for all the support!
I did! RT: I hope you watched Modern Family tonight, Badgers.
Still up
Nuggets should have won last night.
yes...pinochinos are creepy
Don't know if I can wait until 4:20...
Thank you so much!!! RT : Congrats on the book. It is a great resource and reference
Why would I want to watch red carpet coverage when Rocky I is on channel 9?
You know you've had to many energy drinks when you physical can't sit still .
This holiday season, the tablet goes mainstream `Tis the season of the tablet. Despite the gloomy economy, shoppers are expected to shell
I love technology I also have an instagram look me up Iwannamoose <-- so true moose are such cool animals.
there already is one; sound grenade
Looking for a quiet place to hit the weights? Look no further than ! Next to Cheesecake Factory!
Ok will I have to get up now
go ahead:)
Can't wait to see sister tomorrow for prom,I just know ha dress fye
you haven't emailed me to tell me that you are going to be sensible, my little Nuggety xox
He should have included a footnote "Yes we can*" (*But I'm gonna need some fricking help here, people.)
I work alone! THE INCREDIBLEs! HaHa
...yes! It would be like the Philly Humanities Technology and Freakin Ice Cream Summit (PHuTFICS)
Eight days till I move out. Eight days of crazy schoolwork and staying up till all hours. I can do this.
just saved $15 from shopping smart on groceries. Enjoying my morning before I have to go to work @ 2 woot woot life is good!
that literally sounds like my worst nightmare.
Happy Tuesday! Such a lovely day here at 's 3CP office. Going to be 70 later this afternoon. :)
Hit me up in the sandbox
I can't stand Ozzie Guillen, so I hope it's true that he's peacing out!
Sometimes I feel guilty for not being chatty. Lady sits beside me while we wait for repairs and I feel antisocial for using my phone.
Excellent. Maybe schedules will mesh enough to see you (though I know, road runs both ways... ;) )
I'm sure you enjoyed tht win..
iPod...are you kidding?
We got Quasimodo, Naveen, and Mushu this morning for our first Animation #Vinylmation. Not what I was hoping for, but still cool.
nothing really wbu??
as a soccer fan I beg u to straighten kk out. Did u see his tweet telling Bravo to get up!!
Makeup doesn't make u prettier. Money doesn't make u richer. Real wealth and real beauty depends on how u value yourself.
Today is my birthday and I need to buy a lot of new music!!
Loving lyf cuz i have no school.
well done man. Good luck on your writing endeavors!
Can I get some feedback regarding the "Final Draft" program?
I like you,more than a friend
ugh...already my new favorite set :(
Got setup with Google Voice today. Seems pretty cool.
that's just mean.
thanks for the RT. It should be a valuable and interesting meeting. See you soon.
If your a fan that's screaming 4 me and currently singing "Where Have You Been", get some rest. You guys are amazing, but you should sleep!!
We all need encouragement, especially when we're moms of four and it's summer time. ; )
Waiting for the house lights to go down at The Falcon Theatre. Two Gents of Chicago, sold out show!
You can never get enough of what you don't really need.
We had so much fun lol RT : Drinkery with , Cori, Tim, Adrian and Gil [=
I think u should put it on the album.
YES we are!! Thanks for the reminder. Coupon for the swim system "NOcaseNEEDED" $15 off
YOWZA. Love a good storm. Batten down the hatches,
I thought carlos was blind wow what happened I obviously haven't watched this in over a year
and a tiger.
" O Girl Looked Iight Down Lincoln Park ! "
" Keep On Believing . And Hold On Tight "
To Be The Best You Gotta Beat The Best!
HAPPY NEW YEARS! TO ALL MY FRIENDS!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I didnt know how addicted twitter is
you want me to ask denise donovan. :)
Make sure to check out !
Love City of Orlando!
uhhhhhhmmm where are you.
Sure hope so! “: I'm feeling a W tonight #Game5”
my cousin is evil she pinches!!!!!!
your welcome. Let's do it again
I try to do better and order to live a better life.
My stomach right now <<<<
-- Tell Me Ya Line Up Of Who The Best From PG to C
Woke up from nap. We're still on the brink of default. Boehner really has cojones to complain that some in DC can never say yes.
he's full of it.not even close to compare the two.shows how out there he and those who think like him are.
What is more sad, Google+ or John Carter?
Glen Campbell played a better LaBoeuf in True Grit than Matt Damon!
tune in to the radio show on
I was hoping to have officially ended it with that last comment. On to better topics, like puppies or rayguns.
has as many followers as I do tweets!!
when i watch Rachel Maddow..its like watching a 5th grader interviewing Justin Bieber
What a great (early) birthday present for #Dirk Nowitzki! Congrats
There are hundreds of languages in the world, but a smile speaks them all.
Follow me now!
hahaha We will have cups for those who want them.
Thanks, Matt. Glad you like them!
It's funny how things work out once you realize what you can't control.
RT : Oregon AFL-CIO President Tom Chamberlain tells activists why we must save America’s Postal...
I wanna go because I never do shit and I miss dylan but I'm sure everyone who's going I hate/hates me so that would be gay
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!72
Quack Quack ;)
please follow my new account ? i'll follow u back.
thanks for confirmation
I need me somemore Nike Pro shorts for cheerleading.! Red,Purple, Gray, black how about every.color
your parents and grandpa has nothing to do with this fight anyways ..
Republican reaction doesn't bode well for what Metro Sports Chair Ted Mondale called "game day" -- Monday stadium vote
Check out www.etsy.com/shop/Swagga “: i want an "earlace"
RT : I live in NC &see this as a giant step backwards. I'm quite conservative just prefer fights worth winning this does NOTHING
miss you more bro
me too have u watched on YouTube love the way u lie with jb and cat in it an her singing if not u need to watch it
Big Bread.... Got Butter?
A VERY close second ;)
Tired of sending out resumes waiting by the phone hoping that you will receive that call? Come Join us at Sendoutcards
I updated the iPhone/iPad version of candytunes so it can play audio while its in the background.
Searching for a 25 yr old fiddle player. Let me know!
#kurt busch loses race to female.
this loss is gonna hurt for a while. but #gopacers now lol
I've been great, brought in the new year with friends and family doing a chili cook off, and you?
Thanks Mike... believe in auction drafts patience has it's own virtue. :)
Found jugs of 10 year old grape juice at a surplus store. I think they can be considered wine now. M, pungent Welch's wine.
I find it fairly ironic the party that fights for liberty & government out of ppl's lives wants to legislate what marriage is.
u think u can hook me up with some pics of that beautiful woman name brooklyn lol just askin
aww im sorry bran bran ill buy you some of that wierd pizza you like
Bomb First
Is there a guide explaining how to add a new language? self
yes! we are the worst haha
Read Valve&#39;s Employee Company Handbook. It&#39;s Amazing. - Unreal ...
see you soon! Doing AIDS Walk this morn!
nothing SIS love you call me nowww
RT Join the Twibe! Tell your friends to join us and let's enjoy NYC nightlife together. Visit twib.es/GS9
good day to you! please note that i am still dealing with a twitter imposed limit, disabling me from following others!
Hopefully a yes?!?!
LMAO! Ryan just read the books. Ur girlfriend will just be happy you did. "You can thank me now"
The air that we breathe is only about 21 percent oxygen!
I miss my best friend.
Have you heard the news? was named the Grand Marshal for Baton Rouge's first Halloween parade!
Giants going Down!!
iight how u
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Is there a movie out there called 'Dumb Fucking Asshole Liar'? No? Well there fucking should be.
I don't want to move this morning. Sore and stiff, said the old man.
Don't you worry. I would wear it like a badge of honor if I didn't think he needs help. I can only be me, I'm not going to stop.
Jordy Nelson is an animal!
Anne Hathaway....
thought we were going
I agree. That is f'ing hilarious.
What is
Lionel #Messi is a God...
Ha!, would love to see some pics from the round!
Hey, #imadeittotheend Tether ball is an undrafted free agent.
At least its a beautiful day in Milwaukee today
TELL HIM NUKKA
And to think you said you cared.
oh goodness! So sorry to hear that!!!
tried it out - like the idea. People can learn a lot from each other if they can cut through some of the noise.
TGIF y'all ;)
Trenton Thunder!! (Yankees AA affiliate) However your boy JD is cheering for the Binghamton Mets. Boom!
Proof you love God = you love HARD hearted people.
I just liked and am following
Has the spring cleaning mood struck? Do you have a place for everything or do you have to hunt to find things?
Would love to see Zeller shot the J over Rivers to win this game.
good point ms T
Happy St. Patrick's Day! See you all at Kork tonight for live music!
Everybody follow for some REAL ASS TWEETS
what does she wanna say? :)
woo! lets meet
for you, my day started last night when I went to work. Been up this whole time.
Thanks for bringing the world an unbelievable product with an excellent vision and an eye on the prize much support for UFC
#RT do you want someone to #retweet your #videos, #follow us and we will do just that.
One missed call.
Happy Saturday!
I need to talk to you about the truth about #Syria. The murder is not from #Assad. It is #US and #NATO countries insurgents'.
Wassup wit ya
Wonder what Harvey Milk would say today. I'm guessing he'd have settled down and married a nice guy.
"Pave" paradise, Mr. Ebert, no?
nope that would be too easy
Lost oral histories in our collection include Nevada C, Sagebrush Rebellion & NV writers--all to be posted online by summer. Stay tuned!
Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets. Matt 7:12
miss you too!
staring at the sink...wash the dishes or go to bed? Okay take 10 minutes to finish the sink...Happy in the morning
Agreed. Thanks for the RT.
1st day to get 's Pledge-Free Stream for the Sept fundraiser. It's always good to be 1st. www.kqed.org/pfs
Ah!!!! I love it! I'd completely forgotten about it.
The biggest risk we all face in life is not moving forward with what we've learned
Girls Pumpkin Spice Wig
oh hell no. The Braves have been struggling since the all star break and now this. Their comfy WC lead will be gone soon.
the champs league is rigged they know what two teams will have the highest ratings, and they rig it
Thanks for the RT
Congratulations! That is such good news.
nice! you gonna start playing again?
Shoutout To Our New Listeners!
been working the phone trying to make things happen. Gettin' ready for the meeting tonite
I have and no... This is one for him.. He'll let us know when he needs help
I'll remember to just break whatever ordinances I don't agree with. I think I'll put a surface lot on her lawn.
D-I-V-A to the core!
The reason we found out is that we called to say we might be a little late checking in. We are now going to drive much faster.
RT: Be sure to #ThinkFit at #alamw12! Sign up for the #FunRun (Sat 7:30am) at the Special Assistance desk during registration hours
finishing up an article featuring some of the top #eecms devs - and more!
Awhh(,: I'm so jelouse of 's new girlfriend!! Lol I'm 2years older than him!(; weird much!(: lol
RT : In order to activate advocates, you have to do something remarkable and fresh.
You know more than you know : ) RT : Women are fascinating scary & utterly confusing creatures I will never understand them Ever
#investment..I'm the guru
Downtown is where it's happening tonight!
Those are incredible! I'm totally jealous now.
made out with my bestfriend last night
u getting out
bro who u callin ugly I'll put u in a head lock hahaha
I don't know x) ahaha I love it <U+2665>
My laptop probably has a GPS receiver I don't know about - Blue Screens of Death happen much more often when I'm in California :)
wow, what cynical fucks you are. As if any Fringe fans are going to come back to your sorry site.
Also, reading a lot of student papers arguing that people who want to balance work and family are "lazy."
Because we know what we're talking about, call us to be enlightened!
1111 folowers on twitter! Thanks twitter land!
I ain't ever changin my mind
Tip: Wall décor doesn’t have to be something you hang. Fun wallpaper or paint design instead of solid color adds character to any room.
It's Friday
hey hey!!! Dude it's all about the #brandbowl with m&m's, and
A much needed twitter break for motivation. I feel like the Hulk. RISSA SMASH
gonna be crazy busy this weekend!
Come out this Wednesday for free jukebox and drink specials. We'll keep you posted on what they are!
Dream Man! It is so cool you are on Twitter.I have been a fan since they usd to show wrestling mon-fri before that channel was HSN
Hello, is anyone there? Ask your learners for feedback to find out what is and isn't working in your elearning program.
WTF I look like mane! U better control yo shit!
I have no idea what is going on here...
I would like to fart the introduction
At the dentist! Gonna get my teeth cleaned.
is it bad that i just now found out i have to accept followers.. ?
made a poor life decision this afternoon. We might be getting a divorce.
Performing live tonite at club amenage the mic will be blazin u n detroit come out
Early meeting in
Happy Birthday
only one entry left but theres somethin special about this one
Celebrating my mom-in-law's 80th on "the island". Proud to be in the McIntyre clan.
I'm pretty sure that suggestions are based on similar users, since you post mostly about sports so you'll end up getting ESPN
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =)
I hate shopping
If me and had a kid it would be Nebraska cc
- Just got some #homebrew in the mail today. #whoop!
what are you talking about?
It's a lovely day to be a bus driver. MKE MCTS
awesome HR tonight. Needed the insurance. So happy for you man.
To lost in thoughts Listen to "Aaron" by Von Paul kalkbrenner
Going back in da lab
I need some cuddle wuddles tonight.
Sounds like Trent Richardson isn't coming in with a "New York type essence" and is coming in with a Cleveland type essence..
I don't have any favourite song of her. I love them all, and I love her remixes. Yours?
Another wonderful day
NO! Jimmy protested!
I'll remember that. All for now. Sorry bout the mixup. HUGE MESS.
never done nascar before lol
It was good seeing you the other day Robert! RT : Time to get my float on cc:
love it! But how exactly do you pronounce it?
It's GIVEAWAY NIGHT at Susan Nichole Handbags! Make sure you're entered all three ways by checking out... fb.me/185isi4h8
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America. Some superpower we turned out to be.
She's a library regular (how I noticed she was in during school hours and asked) so I'll do some gentle questions and guidance.
The real winner/s of the 2012 #Daytona500 ? and #socialmedia as a platform for making #NASCAR more interesting
P.S. -- I brought THE BOOK OF BROKEN HYMNS with me. Looking forward to reading--finally.
yeah I'm getting "45 linear inches" on United- works on paper but I wonder in practice...I only have soft case for this guy :(
nice pic dude!
RT A healthy inside is a Beautiful outside! Thanks for the follow. Keeps It Elegant!
RT : Snack closet restock day at is the equivalent of mini Christmas.
C Force ran for a 25 yard touchdown against Appalachian State last weekend...finally getting his chance...the best is yet to come!
Thats 100% bull crap ! Gosh Taylor you are a liar !!!
gay doesnt mean stupid, asshole D< its offensive when you use it like that
Exclusive Seattle protest update out my window at 2nd and Pine: Ain't shit happenin.
Novak would of made some of those 3's the Knicks were missing over the last 3 minutes.
Looking forward to shooting this week's challenge. Thanks Victoria!
sure do. Go remix!
Whats your other twitter so i can follow you there?
I just looked up "Amoeba" on a baby names list. Sadly, I couldn't find it.
I was a teacher in MA & NY and a reporter for a small daily in Northampton, MA, and an even smaller weekly in Pawling, NY.
looks cool, thx for sharing!
Proud to have gotten endorsement of US Senator Dianne Feinstein. A major development in race, which has never been seen before!
The Catholic church is going to love this.
isn't answering call lights our priority ...the patient
I can understand why its important. Jindal and Rubio are probably still too young but Bobby has executive experience so maybe
What annoys me about all these empty seats at the #Indians game is come post season they'll be filled by ppl who havent been 2 a game all yr
#Clippers got this game
ALL DAY SPECIAL : Discount Drafts and Craft Beer<U+2192> $6 Rittenhouse Beach Blanket Cocktails. HAPPY HOUR from 5-7pm
Dear old men at my bus stop, I DO NOT SPEAK A WORD OF SPANISH. Stop trying to talk to me, and get out of my space!!
MAMA MAHONE<333 hope you guys are having funn!!(: wish u guys the bestt!!!(:
Thank you for the mention. Backatcha.
Summit I has started. U.S. Attorney David Hickton has started it off -
A goal! An actual goal! Come on, #hawks, please get some momentum.
OMO I'M ALMOST CLOSE TO GETTING MY IPOD!!! :")
I know how you feel ;(
Beautiful evening for a hike up Stone Mountain.=}
When in Rome?
6: Because nowhere so the beauty and excellence of the feminine character stand out more prominently than in the sick-room.
Sometimes I wonder if Bo and I are related...
Round of
As of Nov 1st our central location now takes !! 10% off exams when you show your card!!
Crystal couple will be released. County attorney says not enough evidence to charge. Bones are indeed those of a baby boy 30 to 38 wks old.
this bitch got mad over some cheese. CHEESE THOUGH!? Really!? #getUp! #BuySomeMoreMuhfukkenCheeseBitch!
You CAN'T drink while being pregnant you dumb bitch so stop drinking!!!!!
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Didn't I see you on Chat Roulette you dirty dirty person?
go go go
The awkward moment when it's not an awkward moment but someone says "Awkward.." and the inawkward moment becomes an awkward moment.
Wrote 15 pages today! Pretty psyched on that. Now it's time to watch a good old western flick.
Decided to just do "sudo rm -rf ~/.Trash/" to empty the trash out. That did the trick. Stupid trash.
Nice meeting you tonight! Let me know next time you are having the Africa Roundtable!
s2 RT "Your kind of librarian, or my kind of librarian?" "Well, she was wearing Pie, if that's what you mean."
Assembly line? That's an interesting image.
Okay, already packing ;;) tomorrow goodbye surabaya :*.
Need more Followers
Remember yesterday when Joey Votto hit 3 HR's and the last one was a walkoff Grand Slam! Good times, god times!
tank u, tankah u lol love ya!
Hope we will have time to exchange thoughts sometime, always ready to meet new people.
I would have to agree my good buddy ... what do u guys think?
Sent off a submission to a magazine.
. - I still say that 's Head Trip In Every Key was the best album of 1998.
Thanks! RT : That shirt is awesome!
: Congratulations on your book release! Excited about your appearance at Glen Ellyn BookFest 6/23.
So many new clothes to put in my closet (:
.... sorry i smoked weed with the president earlier, i totally forgot what i was gonna say.
just put this race and BS behind you and have Little Al take you out for a beer when u are in Indy next month!
Take me down to the river, yeah
New Katy Perry video is just amazing!
Thanks for the RT... If you have any interesting little bits of trivia let me know!
Enjoyed my shoot today : )
get raped lol
“: Instagram. Big round. No revenue in site. The good 'ol days are coming back. Smiley face.”
why do i have the urge to start watching 90210 from start to finish?
I have consolidated my issues in a word document. Explained clearly, would it help to resubmit that in an email?
not exactly a rimrocker. Impressive, but not a dunk.
it was a great show!!! def catch the replay!! :)
Montero seems very malleable right now. Eager to learn, please. May be learning the wrong things.
thanks for livin'. Love your tunes brutha
absolutely! It's gonna be a wild night.
"There is no reason not to follow your heart.” ~ Steve Jobs.
LMFAO SAME well atleast ill try to ... c:
Dinner tonight with a whole bunch of amazing (fashion) designers. So hungry already!
#yougetmajorpointsif you love glee and or pretty little liars....if youdont ha you have no shot really
why not go back to leather helmets? Bet players would think twice about lowering their head for knockout hit.
You pick on the special ed kids? Somethings really wrong with your fucking head.
Going to get our marriage license!
Excited for to try on Saturday!!
Sun 5/13 #DC (free) #meditation 3PM, #spiritual program on #Detachment 4PM, #vegetarian dinner Seekers Church (BACK) 276 Carroll St
wow! You go girl! :)
Start at the crown of your head and work the light down around ur body to your toes. :) Start with that!
Surprisingly, I'm getting a lot of work done today. I even learned a javascript hack. It's a good feeling to find an easy answer sometimes.
OMG WTF my mom wants to have a twitter!!!, NO!!, she will follow me!, OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I turn on the tv, and they're still talking about the devils.
Tired is writing "teething" instead of "teaching" in a presentation. Officially time for bed.
Hi, my name is keiana michelle ward, and im addicted to baseball players<3
Rexford heading out to Haiti tomorrow, sending him off with a ribeye.
I'd rather be weird af than be boring as hell.
Incase you didn't know, we just released a brand new song on our Facebook!
In the news: Chicago investor and philanthropist J.B. Pritzker - Examiner Scion of a prominent American business family, ventures backed
RT : if you surround yourself with positive people, positive things will happen.
Like I said, anything other than Kobe makes Brown a tool. Don't care if Blake was wide open. Winners win.
oh thanks <3
Maybe your banjo likes Akron better? RT : I just realized I left my banjo in Akron again :(
Clement Stone~ Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
Sometimes you have to forget whats gone, appreciate what still remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
": Finding some one that can keep up with me is close to impossible"
Listening to & 8 Georgetown seniors / jrs talk today reminded me of the magic of Georgetown. It's the people.
And you didnt take her up n it?
If Whoopi Goldberg can't pull off Whoopi Goldberg hair then why do you think you can?
ThxCraig and congrats! RT Great job by HABCA in putting on All Star games! First class organization run by first class coaches
bonus points for at least mentioning where the image was culled from...
Lakers will lose this series. This was the game they had to win to have a chance
RT : NEW ITEMS ADDED - EXTENDED THE SPRING CLEANING SALE...UP TO 75% OFF ENTIRE STORE THIS WEEK!! Spread the word
Le mall (:
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else and not the best for themselves.
Jeremy shockey To Miami I'd b okay with that.
RT i have to step up my game yet again.maybe i should direct more,or start a website,or fuck charlie sheen?<<or u could do me
I wish there were a place on state where you could get full for $2.50 and not die a little
I mean I do what I do
thanks for following! hope you had a fantastic weekend
I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest. -John Keats British Poet
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Dan, on the surface, that makes sense, but I think there's a disconnect for some 18/19 yr olds taking out those loans.
yeah but you can!
Questions I ponder: Why did Jay-z change his flow from the one he had in the 90's???
Top Spots For Kosher Food In Philadelphia
Who remembers when Adele wasn't played on the radio every other song?
I'm starting to wrk at this new spot called Townhouse Kitchen in Fells... Brand new, hasnt opened yet.
I might say fuck work and spend the day in the shop
Thank you Denny, enjyou yours also!
I'm so bored i needa go for a walk.
About to watch how the grinch stole Christmas on ABC!
Calling all my friends that live in SD or Houston. Contact me for reservations at or You must try it!
Justin granted the most Make-A-Wishes last year & asked for no cameras while doing so. Shows that he does it from the HEART & not for show.
thank you for following .
*listens... I know u ain't playin in that toilet<U+E40D>
Thanks, Claire. We'll miss you!
Getting completely soaked by the rain...
I ain't never solved for x, motherfuckers!
Nice! So how'd the short-film scripts come about? Are we gonna film them?!
DJ...thanks for the wishes! We are receiving much needed rain...grateful! BIG HUG :)
Hello I wanted to submit to you project for models. Is there a email or only on AA?
sleep mode
What would St. Francis say? "Franciscan University Drops Entire Student Health Insurance Plan Over Birth Control Mandate"
sigh. The more I see this, the more I think I need it ...
even tho 50 and Ja will never be friends they both got the same friends its not about beef its about money
ART BOOK?? Very excited about that. Also, I would chronicle all the awesome tour pics & make photo book if I were u :)
Our new songs are in Nashville being mixed by right now! Getting pumped for this!
My knees are killing me from putting in dance floor S/O to 4 convincing me to wrk on labor day
RT : 1 Month to Kick Racism Out of Soccer Event, show your support for One Game, One Community Trophy June 2nd
Educational content and data must be interoperable, across devices #srebsym Federal $ will encourage this.
This just in! Thomas Street Bistro will be having $9.99 entrées with free soup until 8pm today! Keep posted and thanks!
RT : Swimmers, paddlers, boaters, & floaters: WA waters are cold & dangerous. Wear a life jacket to avoid tragedy....
idgaf what people say I think kissy faces are cute <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Orson Welles~ When you are down and out something always turns up-and it is usually the noses of your friends.
ah so true! Enjoy ur weekend :)
Save money and Make money with Forever Lliving! I'll show you how!
We believe in life, liberty and the pursuit of chocolate. Treats from across America: 2 Chicks, Jers, MarieBelle, NibMor & Toffee Taboo.
I am just way too geeked to get my tatoo for my birthday!!! I am obsessing! 16 Days
Thinking about GOP politics & my Catholic school upbringing. In many ways, the GOP & the Church do share a belief in second class womanhood.
Schlereth "I don't think any of you have seen me pitch this way, this is the first time really that I have dealt w/ a struggle like this"
: Wed, Broadripple (the one downtown is useless)=>mix 50 cent beaver beer night with open mic karaoke and you should be all set.
Hey had dinner at Wunderbar, delicious!
: We're holding you to that parade promise, Josh..just sayin ;)
Stop in for an amazing wine flight today!
Looking for love in all the wrong places? Find your perfect match at Mingle with Our Mutts tomorrow at the new Franklin County Dog...
I'm sure that's a pleasant fiction for you.
Ah..cool.
He is the best.
I CANT SEE!
Unlike ND, OU fans don't need to beg. The players that choose to come to OU do so because they know they'll develop and win
What a day!! Two New Projects and Auditions. I love it!!!! Details to come.
A gift that keeps giving! RT fav holiday movie = Raiders of Lost Ark. Got the DVDs as a gift and watch every xmas
Will you just be doing simple abductions? Do you need soundproofing? Shackle package? - van salesman
WHAT’S HIDDEN IN YOUR FOOD? See the disgusting ‘all natural’ ingredients that manufacturers are (FDA allowable) putting in your foods witho…
I can load MBTiles I create in TileMill to Fulcrum for field data collection!
I put this in my psych final under graduation
Nope but I like to support them!
lmaooo B-) yess. Heating fixed in ya car now?!
I'm listening to an archived web-based workshop on the Ethics of Collection Development.
From Vince (9:14pm): showers now developing over Dodge Co., lifting northeast. A few t-storms NW of Madison, non-svr.
someday you'll get there ;)
You remind me of my chinese friend... Ug Lee.
I think you can totally get 50 and 50 this year. I'll be cheering for you.
I keep hearing that!! Oh and it wasn't that expensive it was bout what I expected to pay!!
Hey handsome! 228 followers and counting for followers by March 11 Gala for
#KwikTrip stores are better than #Pilot Travel Centers. Why? #KwikTrip has orange juice in a bag. #Challenge me?
I dont know why u keep becoming unfollowed, I've never unfollowed anyone!
She said I love this song.. I heard it before, it stole my heart.
Don't you dare take Miles. You can take my children, but you leave me my monkey.
Made it through another good busy day at work not bad peeps thats how i roll man
S/O to a friend
About to shut off the phone and turn off the lights to watch
I am the happiest person alive right
As today ends, we remember victims of Los Angeles riots that began 20 years ago. 54 lives lost, thousands of Korean American stores burnt.
I think we might have CAUSED it! Oops! ;)
In fixing glitch in my blog, reminded that my most useful grad school course-> HTML design. Practical tech skills are IMPT for our students
Here's to the speediest new #Eng9 student! Welcome to English 9!
“: Unbelievable finish by ManCity. From chokers to champions in about 3 minutes.” a soccer fan?
I don't think a "free market" can exist, as long as class antagonisms exist. What is needed is worker control.
Haters Are My Motivators And You Are One Of Them!.
isnt that wht librarians have proven we do well? We integrate research etc. Tech integrators should learn from libs like u.
Haven't been on here in FOREVER! Feels good to be back!
Ugh thia is pissing me off
You throw around terms like "freedom" and "liberty", it's all for the elite and corporations, nothing for the people.
Avoiding the #MKE St. Patrick's Day parade by spending my morning at the barn. Maybe next yr I'll get more involved.
#IPredictDetroit will become the industrious successful state it once was, and small business owners will lead the way for Detroit Growth.
:) I know you love it---I know you do lmao
wow dude i really like your hair
im cold as shit and i gotta do this dumbass english hw
I'll be posting about one link a day here & anything I found out about H1N1 vaccinations in particular
good news - out of rehearsal early! bad news - more hours spent in the library.
StonenArch has some great books that my kids enjoy, esp my reluctant readers.
Don't let the rain scare you, come and enjoy the #firestonedistrict tonite. Get ur drinks & open til 3
Good morning University of Wisconsin! Ashleigh Ashton on deck!
Just another day at the office...
I'm proud of the strong, independent people I learned from. RT Pretty hilarious punk/feminista/zine influences I pegged first glance
Great reporting for Hang in there.
If you could get anything delivered to you today for breakfast (or a snack), what would it be?
We'll plot an evening sometime soon, then!
Jon Hamm was a revelation...
. while watching Shepard fight Wraith in SGA S01E03: "Know what they need? Grenades."
Question on the floor: disconnect between administration and communities - incl. heads of agencies, employes
Getting ready to go out with mum <U+E328>
Those nights that just aren't what you thought they would be....
so happy you are tweeting! tweet it up girl! im vicariously attending thru u. :)
C'on pepz f4f let me kno u followed :D I'll follow right back if u need a new follower I'm here for ya!!! :)
New video in just days! :) xx
Didn't see LL on SNL but heard she looked nervous, too bad really hope she turns her life around, wish last night was the start
Do you have a recommendation for a tax advisor who specializes in freelancers in SF? Looking for one.
When will WE CHANGE??
The real world currently doesnt exist. #dungeonsanddragons I give no fucks. :)
At #MLA panel on digital libraries, describes Google Books alternative Digital Public Library of America, coming ~ April 2013
yes of course! i saw blink last summer and it was such a good concert. their new stuff is great but the old stuff is just amazing
uh oh in trouble 5 more LIKES needed to hit 200! Wife is jumping up and down though!
More teen murders posted on teenkillers.com. Working on a book for teens that will help them change their lives and impact their schools!
What!!! I can not believe this -__- and her partner were way better than the other couples in the bottom 3 !!
When I'm texting a dude and I giggle uncontrollably that's when I know I'm in trouble. Yikes.
Last refuge of a scoundrel!!!!!!!!!! Mr. Moose!
Love that song! :)
I Love MB Song Hello
I have waited my entire life to find you just have something worth living for.
Had a fantastic time at the YP Leadership Gala! Thanks for another great #ypweek event!
That awkward moment when you push when it says pull...
At SeaWorld <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3> shooting a commercial! Good times :)
We're trying to find a good PR consultant. Anyone know anyone?
Looking for a new outfit. Want to try out something unusual.
San Francisco is expensive but everybody seems to get along there
thank you! Where are you going? Are you interning at any firms??
i wish you the best, iguess
*i see what you did there :) thank you :)
Having a deep conversation with Leyna. Gotta love that girl.
Gilbert looking cooked again
RT this if you have a crush on Greg Mahoney <3
the t-shirt design for our charity event is just about finished! you're all going to love it!
Don't compare yourself with anyone, if you do you are insulting yourself.
we need to start an international parking meter revolution.
A happy marriage is not a vaccine against infidelity.
Sitting at the quiet children's desk. Just picked up my Harry Potter....maybe I can read it a bit on work time? I mean, if it's quiet....
just got a request for some #ToBeTriumphant Shirts from my man in Dallas. Less than 2 weeks and we already caught a buzz
Get sat on by Carlos Lee
well you need to step up your Bff-ness cuz you've never told me what secrets are which
Next time you're here, give us a little notice and we'll plan something!
Trying to decide what color I paint my nails is constantly a problem
And he can also make gravity go backwards. It's called THROWING!
Student : " do you have the windows that make it look darker than it is?" Teacher : "their called tinted!!" #LMFAO!
A delight, a wit, and a charmer:
yeaa... tht was me back in the 5th grade. and then i was like, fuck this, im not dealing with this anymore. so i got over it
Northern Logistic Property ASA : NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
my girlfriend's mom is starting to teach at one of these programs next month. Not sure if this is the one.
aw shucks
would love to go, by I'm unfortunately not available that day at all.
This RT : Globe Patriots blog: Tom Brady: 'I sucked pretty bad today, but our defense saved us'
There's only one thing left to do!
My favorite is Green Tea, I'm considering Black and Oolong. What is your favorite and how long have you been drinking it?
Enjoyed this lovely day with my dudes...Drew and Mak <3...now time to unwind....back on my grind starting tomorrow :)
Is there a name for the phenomena in which you are all encompassed by a thought and spend so much time considering nothing else..
I remember the day I discovered Austin I was beyond bored on YouTube and I was just clicking random videos then Austin popped up
How much of a certain coffee has to be included in a pound for it's name to be listed as part of a "Blend"?
Subsequent discussion assumed discipline-specific directions (history).
I'm at the ethics workshop at day 2 of the Science Writing in the Age of Denial conference
God has a very dry sense of humor.....good, but dry.
ah, ok. well, next time when you're in town.
Was trying to see if we could shoot a vid with you on a motorcycle... Hey, wanna shoot on Sunday morning?
Good morning!!(:(:
we have a organization we want to help an have been talking just have not done anything with it. Let's talk next week
Hi Erin! Saw your tweet about Just checking in—have you connected with anyone on our team yet?
I am a junior now...I truly feel like I just started, so that is weird to say. Sounds good though!
its just a small post bottom right
does really follow you?
It was awesome to see give the streaker a pat on the back last after the cops cuffed him.
Love Footloose! The original, of course!
Oak Brook store 632. You?
Got a bachelor party? Go to www.scoresluda.com and get free admission for your whole party.
Hanging out at #radioroom for #lastthursday. Anyone else? (via )
I've had 3 neighbors come by & introduce themselves since we moved in. Never once has this happened anywhere else I have lived. Vashon wins.
RT : Tryina get this RAM carnaval song over to Radio Guinen in about 20 minutes
is the the best! Follow them because they #followback #instantfollow #TeamFollowback #FF Have a great day!
REVO San Diego in 4 days!
If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies. ~Mother Teresa of Calcutta via
Nudity is the best policy.
When I get home I am most definitely
": Oh, man. I hope this girl on the shuttle makes her flight! She's freaking out!" I hate that.
I can't wait to get married because it's like a sleepover every night with your bestfriend.
#nsta12 a good dinner recommendation?
That phone call woke me up
Erik just called Vance a pregnant super hero lmao
My knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil.
dramas everywhere though:p hopefully I'll be back in the summer!
Watch Need to Know on WXXI today at 12:30 p.m. Prof. Mitch Messina talks about Enlightened Earth, currently in the Arts Center Gallery.
MusInk was Great! We were booked for the whole weekend.Thanks to Hooligan inc & Matt Murphy
happens to us all! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> (maybe not for tweeting but it happens) lol
iPad better at gaming that consoles? That's just silly. Apple has quite a hype machine, thanks to all the fanboys
Therefore, while opening a clothing boutique, these are some great tactics which could lead you to be the best in the boutique market
Here's a funny joke if you want to here the hole thing you have to tweet ok here it is. What did the ghost say to the bee?
lol no I'm not!
Dear Susan G. Komen: I'd advise you to check yourself before you wreck yourself, but it looks like the wrecking's already begun.
Barcelona o Madrid?
It holds make up , meds (or drugs) , and it has a USB Flash Drive in it! It's so beautiful!
Information overload is costing me $10,215 to $14,301 per year
Beautiful Mother´s Day in Guadalajara with my 88 yr old grandma and mom... visited every country club here, time to head back to sweet SD!
Good night tweeps <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
What a goon. RT : Vitale being gutless again.
Interesting! MT A2: Most pirated books r scans of print, not DRM-cracked ebooks. eREADERS made piracy more common.
THE VIDEO WILL BE UP VERY SON!(:
Lol copy and paste remember xD
yeah(: I love how we're texting and tweeting each other at the same time :p
and I need a bay area trip soon anyway. When is good for you?
don't do it!
For golf performance tweets follow , for boxing performance tweets follow
For me Reruns Of #MelrosePlace For Me Thank You Very Much
Just listened to the the book of Mormon broadway soundtrack for the first time
The Red Sox finding new ways to lose every game is spectacular. Movie Quality losses. I only stick around for Pedroia
some of our featured artists to name a few
if u havent already followed u need to :) GROWN AND SEXY only <3
No more numbers please!(: Hope everyone liked their results!
I get to see you today. I think I might cry. This can't be happening. <3
2 sick hits!
And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same
hi jessica..gudluck on ur singing career..we filipinos are very proud of u:)
im not watching the game btw
After a bottle of vino all commercials seem funnier
#eportfolio working on the reflective essay... ....yeah... just feel like I'm babbling at this point...
get outta here drunk ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
'treat it like a stock certificate'
OMG UR SO CUTE U SHOULD BE A MODEL!:)PLEASE FOLLOW ME
I've been researching wedding & event planning blogs all week for a client. Talk about a major distraction!
So tired,g nite talk to u guys 2morrow!cant wait haha;)
Glad u enjoyed! RT : Great burgers at in DC. Casual, crowded and fun...
Game on in Chicago!
that's a terrible job hyun. It's a NYC thang today so fuck Boston!!!!!!!
I agree, I am cool sitting here. #Whatline?
great finding you guys again it's been awhile i heard your podcasts keep up the great work!
I feed my fur babies Natural Balance because Leandre is allergic to chicken
preach it!!
Who wants to go get a burrito?!
make up your darn mind! Lol
thank you Lois Lane btw ha how does it feel to be a superhero?
I've heard that way of talking B4. I don't understand it.You'll make more $ & support urself therefore don't need stamps.
can you lease tell them 2 follow me please?
SEE YOU IN 5 HOURS
Attorney Stephen Stern is speaking on effective workplace investigations Thursday :30, (AASHRM) at Anne Arundel Co. Public Schools Offices
#thaiFood... Not too sure
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
#robertsgirl......all the way....the biggest
So excited for this weekend in #Seattle! Yay!
I'm totally going to install a trap door in my living room for my annoying family members, ya heard??
Thank you! RT : Big shout out to - They do a GREAT job of getting us news & info about your favourite artists/bands!
Not a galley, but curious: Has there been demand from library customers for the Nicholson Baker HOUSE OF HOLES? We did not select it.
You know, Mr , you probably don't do your "no war on women" argument favors by referring to a female writer as an "authorette"
Thank you love!! :)
The ego resists the Soul's purpose.
Thanks to Paulie's Pub for a fun show tonight ! And thanks to all who came out !
I love asking immigrants what language they dream in. Most of the time they've never thought about it. Lots tell me it switched to English.
Needs more cowbell.
TGIF! What a week. Summer in February, start of Rodeo, a major luncheon, a trip to Dallas but I'm still standing.
i'm in insanely jealous
just followed all my followers back <3
we hope you enjoyed our Easter Brunch!!
sorry u didn't make it by. We are closed Sunday but open every other say. See u soon :)
The Raptors will exercise the third-year option on coach Dwane Casey's contract.
my bro is rack vader
“: "Kancho" is a prank in Japan that consists of jabbing your fingers into someone's anus.” ok
Finally getting to watch Mirza. You're brilliant in it. Well played character. You've rocked every role you've played so far.
yes they are
“ #1: Woman shouldn't be allowed to play golf on weekends. I'm not sexist, but they're just too fucking slow.”
We'll be at the UMJC TWENTIES conference in Chicago! If you have question about MJTI, feel free to ask Rabbi Joshua Brumbach.
Talking about the weekend with my co-workers makes me want to go back >>>
As for fans, we really don't watch it, care about it, or want it.
Good morning! I have arisen, almost as a new woman. Praise God for this good day.
Text smileys start to look creepy if you stare at them. :) :) :) :) :) :)
MDC not very mobile friendly either...have stupid splash page. MDC has PDF but only shows/prints small bits not whole chapts.
I love my God!
I was just saying Vic talking to bluegal- I added a K - because I know like 3 vicks and most have a K on it-sorry.
1 hour left to RT our previous tweet. Auntie Em is feeling extra generous today so she's going to toss in 2 pints of custard to the winner!
We have awesome cupcakes!!! Moist vanilla and chocolate cupcakes decorated with butter cream! Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
Haha, why thank you miss ;) All thanks to you. I hate that you're not working tonight =/
Dick Clark is dead.... Seacrest still alive.
anyone selling tickets?
NFL draftin.. Dos Equis sippin... Big screen watching... Now everybody shut the hell up so I can hear!!!! #noisychicks<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
": Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we are here we might as well dance! #MarilynMonroeID"
I'm all for michael vick playing in the nfl, as long as the league can drown him in a bucket of water when he loses a few games.
LOL, I think I need to go for a hike in Palmer park?
Have you been to yet ?
RT Every woman prefers belief to the exercise of judgment
You need a guard who can match Parker (check) a big who can defend (check) and a deep bench (check).
My niggaaa <3 I still miss you . Im coming over this weekendd hoee .
I think Mark need to go beat up my 2 guys?... what do u think Mark
Oh - who are you fooling. You don't find a father for your child drunk in a hot tub. #bachelorette Am I right,
I got a lot of new shirts today! :)
Done! Thank you & hope to see you soon.
I am extremely freaked out right now
New updates coming soon! Keep your eyes out for pictures of where our Gala event will be taking place.
Safe travels - see you soon!
That's so wong.
"Only thing that's important is, uhh, playing basketball & umm reppin' my hood..."
my nigga Wade : )
Sweet! I'm brining and
This is so exciting! Best of luck to you!
Got 1Q84 in the mail from Amazon yesterday. Now if I only had time to read, it wouldn't sit on a shelf for three years
yup! Turn off every time.
You should smile at the people that want to put you down, they will want to be your friends after that.
If Blackmon falls to the #bills at 10, I will poop myself. No joke, lose bodily function shit my pants in excitement
Jan 2k12 prices will be made to fit all budgets. If u need quality music for ur project contact us 496.254.7890 or
LET'S GO ORANGE!
did you get the $70 straightened away?
ME TOO!
Hey thank U 4Ur #4sq check-in at hope U enjoyed your free happy hour drink in Coral Gables & C U nxt Wed
Can't even begin to describe my experience watching Sleep No More. Go see it! Wonderful.
Did you know that you can add up to 4 people to your CCS account? You could pay as little as $2/mo (ShareLocal). Share the love (and fees).
OMG!! #Revenge is so good!!
D'aw Thanks Macy:)!! I'm not sure. Probably this summer!
Brian Dennehy's Iceman understudy is an American hero.
4... Guys that have S.W.A.G. lol c:
Anyone know of cheap framing in the DC area? I
let us know what you get if you get a sewing machine. I'm living vicariously right now.
nice quote :)
#15PeopleILove #1 God. He's always been there for me, will never leave me, protects me, saved me. I love Him and always will.
#msnbc Does Rick Santorum's wife put an aspirin between her legs? No more children, no sex, right? Does he practice what he preaches?
i was starting to fall asleep so i turned a baseball game on... that's saying a lot
That's great! I can see you've become quite successful thus far. :)
Icarly. I watch that
You made me laugh tonight in 's Romeo & Juliet. Well done!
Devel's Advocate
Our electric vehicles on every block absolutely get the “stare factor” your brand requires. Contact us for flexible AdSpace and promotions.
"Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." – George Bernard Shaw
Thanks! Wish you were here.
Emergency companies work best for business owners and their visitors - Google Places connects to immediate help when needed!
The fit works for me which makes all the difference in the world, as you know. Still waiting for my shirt. =)
Can you blame her
He used the word "shirk". Lovin #POTUS #vocab this time around.
hahha dayum.. Where and when is best? I only have tomorrow and Friday to do it -_-
Shout out to the new followers
RT I'm sarcastic and honest, so #ireallywant you to NOT get all worked up when I speak
Norquist has "No Tax Pledge" that pols sign. I advise #OWS start a "No Meeting With Corp Lobbyists Pledge" & get pols 2 sign
don't you (being the stewards of the 99%) want to see his taxes as well? Transparency is optimal; no?
I'm assuming your home by this picture? Lol
Omfg fuck off your being a jealous little bitch leave Naya alone she's wonderful and beautiful and she can sing..amazingly!
is home in the #Burgh finally! But sans my backpack (aka my whole life at the moment)
Well I assure u that that's not me, but if u want I can come over & howl back! The Monsta will scare those coyotes away! lol
2 assist with the growth or return Vitamins E+B6+ Amino Acids, Biotin 5000mg that prevent hair loss & it reinforce the hair resistance
hey bro hey
alright! Thanks! (:
#neverapologizefor saying what you feel :)
Max: Sick but hysterical.
I see still has their holiday decorations up. And it starts to make more sense when you see they're in Gainesville, FL.
Carmelo must be mad that the name Fab Melo is already taken and that it is someone's actual name.
if your boyfriend / girlfriend doesn't have a twitter, that doesn't mean act an ass on twitter ! you niggas ain't loyal !
You wanted more coverage and you're gonna get it as will be chatting with about his upcoming fight!
in the prescriptive sense, yes. But I found in my college linguistics classes that they are sometimes appropriate.
and do what
There you are on CBS, Rex Parker. I'll see you tomorrow when I do the NYT's crossword. Been seeing every Sunday for years.
Yeah the directing really made it
Please say some prayers today for a good friend who broke his back in a rappelling accident, having surgery today
lol I heard everyone is leaving?!
shout out to frat Adam Gettis as he prepare to get drafted in to the NFL tonight
Check out #TACTor Delphi Harrington in YEAR OF THE ROOSTER at EST Youngblood
Come check out all the games at www.watchnhllive.com just register and enjoy the games live online.
T.G.I.F. tweets, Have a Packtastic weekend
Ima go too sleep now ^.^
<3 (yeah I thought that too)
RT we're working finalizing date in October for this years Accessibility Camp DC. Look for an announcement in next week or two
what!?! You must teach me!
Thanks for the follow! Let me know if I can answer any questions.
I'm gunna love you like i've never been broken. I'm gunna say it like it's never been spoken<3
Have you ever had the older people in class ask really dumb questions?
Weird AND PRETTY DAMN COOL!!!!
my last tweet goes out to you.. youre always the one that looks homeless!
gahhh, it's so beautiful!!
101 and climbing in Lubbock. I am not going outside anymore today.
Come on out and let us see your costume! We are freak friendly! Kick back and enjoy $5 Pinnacle Martinis and $5 House Mooritas...
pshhh...can't even give me a reason to do it ;P
oh okay. I guess I asked cause of the mickey stuff lol. But I hope all is well with you sir :-)
are you leaving soon? :(
Sweet! One visitor down...
Amen! ...dodged a bullet there!
“: “: Jimmy Fallon or Jimmy Kimmel?” I like 'em both.” what about Conan!?
No doubt thank you guy's for having me.... I had a great time & everyone was super talented!!
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss ppl ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice but falling in love with you I had no control over.
I can do ALL things through Christ who strengthens me ~Philippians 4:13
apprecitecha .. :) how r u
Oh and paying bills , helping my mommy get past the struggle and hard times .
At "Someone Else's Bar" in Castle Shannon. They have candy in mason jars at each table. How fun!
yeah I figured why not. how many tickets did you guys get total?
I want a whopper
Off to the gym, then to Brooklyn for some voice overs, then to the city for an open call. Everyone have a wonderful weekend!
Finally, phone and iPod back! :D
Going to. Be at yorkville high school today for the suicide prevention walk! Come check it out if you're near :)
thought you were visiting jersey
Got chills watching Radiohead's live webcast from #Coachella. Only 53 days 'till !!!
RT : Que 7. Migrating apps to cloud/scaling?
you have great personality and i love your singing! :) folow pls?
what up gangsta how you been?
Thanks for the tips, we like em!
Everyone should check out It's Stacy Dupree of Eisley and Darren King of MuteMath.
Heat led by as many as 14 in first half. Heat lead Mavericks 47-42 at halftime. Dwyane Wade 19 points.
- do you think God is no more than nature's mascot represented in the biblical scripture?
Before getting bigger lips- one must consider the added cost of additional lipstick to cover the vast surface space it must now graze.
Scanner Monitor: 6th Avenue and I-225.
Lincoln, when it appeared he might lose the 1864 nomination: "If we do right God will be with us, and if God is with us we cannot fail."
Walker leads WI to the bottom. March Jobs down 4500, rest of the nation is up! Good for everyone BUT WI
And thank you to and ! Tosca and lit events is a perfect pairing. That was a big, enthusiastic audience.
Reading a really great book on North Korea called "Nothing to Envy" by Barbara Demick. Intense and heartbreaking. I recommend highly!
I so did not mean to send that to you that was suppose to b a tweet! Lls!
“: Being a white girl with a big ass is a rare commodity, like a Charizard pokemon card #CTL”
When I was outside riding my bicycle I was almost got hit by a car. The dude was driving fast. But (luckily) I was going slowly.
Keeping with the traffic theme...JUST IN: CA to offer a 50% discount on traffic fines from 2008 and earlier for qualifying citation holders.
Cut that out. Can't cut it out, it grow right back. Name that movie!
Cool. Eager to hear more. Seems like these issues have been brewing for awhile pre-Pinterest for sure - Polyvore et al.
I just want to celebrate!!! Steelers!!!!!
RT : American Idol is dying. This month its ratings slid to the lowest level since its debut in 2002. <-- bcuz is better
... and we joked about how, should such a bridge exist, she's probably smacked the daylights out of all the other cats on it.
How many drinks is/was it?
Happy V-Day everyone!! RT For the valentine day I be happy for the king kong bundy to have sex with the sandra bullock
hey Alex how was your Day ?(:
People who always gotta bring they faith in irrelevant ass shit IDGAF that's you believe what you believe and keep it to you
Headed to #Keywest to the Last Resort.
In South Carolina gonna go out to eat bye
and good sleep
Thanks for following! Be sure to also follow our twitter handle for updates from our Edible Schoolyard!
Just wrote some lovely lyrics for someone very special...a pit stop on a townhouse stoop has never been more productive or fulfilling :)
you RT my tweet about the guy being talked off the overpass by police. Never seen anything like that in person b4.
kill it out there yo!
Really?? lol “: My niece home from school for fighting... We bout go to Cumberland.”
You aren't bragging at all. It is sweet how you take the time to even post pictures! I really think that is nice of you follow me?
JOY TO THE FISHES IN THE DEEP BLUE SEA
IF11: 4 Ways to Find Innovation Outside Your Company
Well I'm glad:) Yes that IS true!
Just had a fabulous Greek Easter dinner at Central Gyros - Chicago (Belmont/Central).
7 Saltines eaten and consumed in one-minute. Beat that.
Mark Ennis is a douche
my bad sis this is the my label page....gnr
Dragon Age II... not sure I get it.
well, tis that time of year again!
HI GIRL LOVE YOUR STYLE.
#HEATS rule
good luck!
Who's going to come out ontop in the 2009 Mr. Olympia this weekend???? May the fittest , biggest and who has put most hard work into it wins
"A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe."
Swamp cooler systems out of service for any length of time need to be cleaned as they can still harbor dirt and bacterial buildup.
You wish you lived in Austin. Admit it. I won't tell.
This is why I love America. RT : #Top100Lies WWE is FAKE...smh no you're the one that fake!!
FACETIME ME, BIFFLE. At, like, 4:30/5. Also, I tried to find it, but alas! I could not. I need to talk to yew, too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
She's my lifeguard so back tf up lol
man, did I speak too soon. Three brick free throws?
Promise to love you the best I can !
Let's go Kentucky. Looking for a 7 point win and I'll be a happy camper!
#SCWHW any evidence/studies about how prolonged stress affects our genes?
More like Pokemon Blue! ": Playing Tetris on your Gameboy color for hours. #The90sLife"
Haha, Maybe, but in Colorado there is an intersection of Disk Dr and Tape Dr -1980s/1990s nerdy.
Anytime I don't watch a Heat game they lose.
I feel like the only friend I have left is Nobody else ever hits me up or anything.
Come on #Gators, go Josh Hamilton on UNF.
I dont have a phone.,i dropped it in the toilet,i know i know its stupied but it happened on accident,but plz give me ur #?
hey get at me for handcrafted scissors for real pros the real deal not Chinese schlock peace
"You love this life, bu not through my eyes."
Omg I almost forgot):
sounds yummy!
When i said that "Super Freak" was my fav Christmas song, was told it was about Mrs Claus. Saucy Minx .
I like the privacy of the unisex bathroom at work, but pissing on one wheel is a bitch.
open to close baby
I could really play some croquet right now.
I had hoped the season finale would have been a hour! I love this show!
Is it weird that I don't even curse in my head? Or try not to.
A new revolution in wine... 10% off Wines That Rock now through Sunday. Mention this tweet!
Manu out. Tim out. Cahasin? Game Time Decision.
You know, I very nearly picked up "Sheik Yerbouti" today....
I'll be down June 1st through the 4th :)
#geekend #fa113 via people will reward you for your content with PWYW (pay what you want) system in place
let me stop /:.
Yowza who's wearing the blue tux?
absolutely love Blake & Adam! X-Tina is amazing and Cee-Lo is awesome! <3
Where else can you get an education on '60, '61 and '62 Corvettes in BK parking lot? Back for another mind-boggling Woodward Dream Cruise.
I understand! Let's catch up soon.
Great post! Every time I see this occur, I wonder if some can even recall certain basic journalistic principles.
Them gums make me cum ! Lmfao!!
Thank You!
Very generous of you all!
In Washington Dc :) wth My family
How many days can I go without sleeping before I rent "One For the Money"?
Everyone not followin me is bout to get unfollowed.
Come and have brunch con Leche...recover from St. Patty's Day with $5 mimosas and bloody marys!
We've been talking about Having a meeting tonight--will mention it again.
I took it more about coaches who are no longer with the program i.e. Baggett and Hiestand. We shall see...
What are you thankful for? Whatever it is whoever it is understand your blessed to have that. 1 luv brewcity!!!
Saturday may21 in nash we are hosting a scavenger hunt. $500 prize. Sign up at www.citystreak.com
That wasn't even funny... :/
: UNOFFICIAL CTA RULEBOOK: The one thing each of the seven Red Line stations getting a facelift has to have is: Coffee Shop
Back from Austin, TX! Beautiful town but kind of gross weather.
Maybe I am a city mouse after all.
will be in NYC getting some work done over the Holidays......
We're very sorry to hear that. We'd love your thoughts/comments on how we can make it a much more positive experience going fwd.
well done, sir.
Productive conference. Great sessions, connected with existing clients and met plenty of new faces from around the globe.
There's nothin like young love.
Le sigh~ If I miss another chance to see/meet James Franco ever again,I will cry.
#liber2011 de Boer: Some digital publishers deliver better files than other ones.
Good night #CloudFairSeattle - see you tomorrow for our Opening session & Keynotes, Matt Domo from and !
Chuck B from WSSU passed away?????
....media told to leave because of security reasons. Too crowded in prez office.
That would be good. I am sure you can figure it out!
I still watch it sometimes.
shall I look??:O + wish me luck for tomorrows match please could do with some luck!!<U+2665>
Please keep ur #WeightOfTheNation tweets coming & FOLLOW & - fighting obesity in Hamilton County, Ohio. RT!
shot was crazzzzzyyy
no $ prizes from #apps4ca last year.
I'm kind-of jealous of my son who is at #minecon in Las vegas.
I'm a better teacher when I'm tired. Less energy to entertain BS. therefore, less BS.
Thanks to Adam Putnam for his endorsement of Mitt Romney in op-Ed today--now we have something to beat u with next time.
Just joking...I hope you're not a bum that's all.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore; will you tell me* cause I still care.
I say I love him, he know I'm lying...
I'm not even going to class in dropping my test on the table and leaving
did it? u know this how? think it just read "really Wisconsin?" like we was shocked it was coming from the cheese state, but ok
That's some quality bedtime reading right there. No chance of nightmares or not being able to fall asleep after that.
Leggo. New year. New killer instinct
Slowly, but surely.
Yeeaa ur welcome, now your up to speed.
#plankaday restarting tomorrow. Needed a break to rest the healing hip.
Awe you too..... xo Love you
Hell yea! I cant remember the name, but have you seen the brit zombie tv series about the big brother house?
bitch, you talk shit about me al the time. even when im not there, im just starting to think you're obsessed with me. and i love it <3
It's a great day for ice cream & Dave & Andy's is scooping 14 fantastic homemade flavors PLUS 12 homemade yogurts & sorbets!
Thanks for the RTs!
i need 20 ppl to follow my bruh like rite now plz n thanks!
The secret to so many artists living so long is that every painting is a new adventure
el cheddar...Jajaja
The hand-drying device in this restaurant bathroom is called a "Jet Towel" - two words you don't often see together.
Oh I saw it! It has to go on the wall of fame. HILARIOUS!
Holy fuck. How did we not realize we were going to be in San Diego for cinco de mayo on vacation. 89 margaritas is my goal.
Encryption and protecting networks from hacking are key in security.
Cold toilet seats are the worst.
I will always love cuz he saved my life
You guys are too good! Fans, make sure to follow FA. RT S/O to and for supporting the music
Thanks Mo RT : Thank you fans, friends and family for your prayers, well wishes and support. I will be ok. I will be back.
Apparently there's a phantom also playing in this game, also wearing
love it
Spent some time cleaning up the garden so I enjoyed the weather AND got some exercise. Peas, lettuce and spinach look great!
I am a Californian
i am bored again!! :/
I do not recommend appendicitis, it sucks royal and almost a week later I still feel like ass. I haven't written a word in forever!
Baby daddies, stop complaining about your shady baby mommas. YOU chose not to use a condom w/someone u had no intention of marrying.
I thought your attorney was supposed to be on your side, not tell you you're basically screwed
pretty sure it went "Manic Monday," Dan. Haha
i didn't miss out, there was no invite #rude. And I don't remember a deal, but whatever it was, it's off.
Robin is marrying Barney? Victoria is back with Ted? So. Much. Going. On. #HIMYM Season Finale........
Our education folks are off to give a watershed model presentation for eighth grade students at Metzger Middle School!
Thank you for following us!
Streets Talking Cece Been Doin Good!!
"If you are really thankful, what do you do? You share." W. Clement Stone
The next two days are going to be like summer :)
Still Levitating
Im losing followers as fast as
Now game no. 4 of the day, okc vs dwight!
Jackson,MS- need females for Harley Davidson shoot. No nudity. Pay is (tba) (Casting Code B3)
Will be in Salt lake Utah this week. Work work work and no time to play :(
I hate school with hahaha
(AP) - Lottery officials say they are increasing the MegaMillions lottery jackpot to $640 million, raising a world-record prize.
It really is a small world. I graduated from Smith-Cotton. :)
i am
Happiness is not so much in having as sharing
That awkward moment when Zayn feels ugly, when Harry is straight, when Niall is on diet, when Louis hates carrots and Liam loves spoons.
I can put you in touch with their state folks who have the latest data and do the reports if you like…
At the Studio, chillen!!!!!!!
Too much at once! Haha. Videos, Photo shoot, New tracks and the Promenade mostly.
UNDEFEATED BABY!!! All the way to states!
Nothin I'm chillin wit Ma bro. ND U?
love your new "I'm Fresh" tee. Awesome design
I reealy #hate writing papers : (
The first step toward change is awareness. The second step is acceptance. -Nathaniel Branden
want are you in rehearsal for? Email us at any info and press pics
I was @ the UCLA event last nght! Thanks so much for ur inspriational words as they related to conscious media - my passion!!
Too ashamed of my kangaroo. RT : Hey folks! Question: if you played Draw Something, are you still? Why did you quit if you did?
did you just discover that it was gone?
Really looking forward to our mountain/cabin getaway tomorrow.
Will some1 put #Melo back on a plane to Brazil... Is it really that hard to go to class when you have a shot to win a ship!
You're right.
we would love to find out more!
lol u goofy as hell
Ouch! RT : Andrew Bynum dominated the paint recording a career high 30 rebounds & adding 16 pts to help defeat the 98-84
www.shopmayu.com: good news from Peru - the country was included once again in the Guinness Book of World Records for having the highest ...
Having a king size bed to myself is the best.
swear to god that better be sean upstairs or ill fuckin cry
Why do you work so hard to show a lady how much you care for her and she could care less about you???
hahah I get bored! LI blows. And red fades so fast, no?
I challenge you to fist fight.
I have a new entry on the San Diego Eviction Blog.
That guy over there <U+E231> wants to be my man
I love me some him
Watching Netflix on my computer is like watching stop motion that isn't supposed to be stop motion. It really sucks.
Bummer! I already had to turn in my stuff for that post. Too bad. But congrats on your win -- very impressive!
The 2012 Inductees to the NYS Writers Hall of Fame will be announced this evening @ 7pm by Watch twitter for the 14 names
i been at work all week
write a song about that situation. Ill do music, u do lyrics. Ready? Go
Haha even though it took me forever is the best at baseball!! ;) lol
That's what I was thinking! Takes a certain type of person to handle images like that!
It can be! My brain will definitely not atrophy from working with this stuff (although it may explode).
I no nobody talking bout them
Your so sweet!!!
#nowwatching The Deadly Assassin. The Master is creepy looking now... He's pretty much a corpse! I miss Roger Delgado...
I feel so bad for people that always have a negative attitude. You're really just makin things hard on yourself lol
Buy a Meal Get a Meal Free! Buy $20 in Pizza Shuttle Gift Certificates & get 1 Sm 1-top Pizza-online or in-store. 99¢ za slices 10a-4p M-Th.
Having an opinion is everyone's worst enemy. #GetOverIt. No one asked you to feel the same way and if you don't like it #stfu and move on!!
My back is killing me.... And it feels like i broke a rib or something... Dx
Am all for arguing. I like those Girls roundtables at Slate. Just think the recap format offers little context/insight.
She needs to be pardoned
who's going to austin's concert in time square ??(:
I'll go on a following spree if we can make it to 10 more followers!!!
Im worried now.
Believe it or not pittsburgh is gonna b hit w/ a snow storm in several hours. So much for spring :(
I love riding my Harley with my beautiful wife Cherrie, but I hate this fu__ing rain!
Appalled by the HEFTY catalog that just arrived. My mail carrier to make a separate trip! Ridiculous. Really? Get conscious.
gotta love the upgrade.
Get excited about Today, because it only comes around once in a lifetime
I ask my family to do one thing for me and it's like I asked them to move a mountain.
Two choices, be real with me or don't fuck with me.
in NYC I MEANT TO SAY
I am humbled by your
I enjoy seeing what people are saying and their different viewpoints some make me laugh
She might b the type to flaunt her feathers but when I'm in sight, she know betta...
Actually that's an empirical question--whether discounting (aid) fully mitigates tuition costs. I don't think so.
I agree with set aside the differences use our common ground of hockey to show how great our sport is.
I'm watching tonight's replay of THE ULTIMATE FIGHTER & the fighters look like they are doing 69.
Thank you! I'm so glad you felt inspired today, I know I did!
I still can't pronounce that. I just say, "I'll have what he's having. Y'know. The stuff with the peas and clams. And rice."
luucckkyy, i'm a freshman i can't take us until 11th, what grade are you in?
am I the only one who noticed their assistant coach talking to a play who happened to start an altercation during stoppage?
1st batch of fudge made :) Orange Fudge too Yup its that time of year! I love Christmas baking!
I thank God 4 waking me up this morning finshed working a 24 hour shift work 24 more hours 2morrow. & was able 2 by some1 something 2 eat
Aw yay <3 He really is the cutest thing doe
TX for inviting me to your panel last night. Good times w/ !
Going to see tear up the mpc tonight. Fuckin stoked #inspires me to be a great.
that's impressive!
Visiting my home town. Always enjoy reliving the memories. "Sigh"
thanks for the Knowledge mention
Wicked day in the studio another bomb is on the way!!!! :-)
I'm aware of that lolx
hey to wazzup
RAW WEDNESDAY'S EXOTIC DANCERS FROM NY & PA LADIES FREE TILL 11 $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED BY DJ GEE 21+ KITCHEN OPEN
Great quote. Stay true to yourself "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~Lincoln
once you get to be a certain age, you should adapt to STOP TALKING SHIT ABOUT OTHERS BEHIND THEIR BACK! -files nails-
now watching
Back to Life! Feelin' good folks! What can I say! Can't keep a Good Woman Down!
To the driver that nearly ran me down in the xwalk w/ walk sign: "bless your heart." Driving is hard work.
why bother? it's gonna hurt me.
Forgot where my car was in the Pavilions parking lot, walked up to 3 different black Priuses before finding my own
Trailer for Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol, rocks! Co-stars Jeremy Renner (Hurt Locker), Josh Holloway (Lost) & Simon Pegg (Hot Fuzz).
what is a D.P?
Wicked stoked for show tonight
Oh, I .love royal anything. How fun. Are you still in London or was it just for the day?
I've always had a thing for Jettas. They're nice looking cars.
CUBS WIN! What a home stand. Let's keep this going!!
studyhall > an hour and a half of wasted time
you should consider inviting to play your show (as if you don't already get enough suggestions). (=
Tomorrow's Friday Tha 13th. Dang.
Can All Shall perish & Black Dahlia get here already! In need of some ventilation.
All Share Services: “I should say that we have successfully completed the medical treatment,” the socialist leader said as dozens of ...
I hate ants...bugs period !
Agreed! Better offensive weapons around him in Jax.
Will be #sundaylibrarian today... But first I get to read Hanukkah books to some kids!
I feel like running. Now.
You know you've really got it good in a relationship when you send cat pictures to each other....
I used to run off to my guidance counselor when i was mad & i thought it would always be like that... but it's really not, now...
The only thing I hate about this time of year is all of the scary commercials on tv ):
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? give it to me
Management team could be best asset
ME TOO. (Actually, my library made a video, but it wasn't as awesome as LHC's. We had tons of fun looking like dorks though!)
One of the hardest things ive ever done....:'(
Election Day is tomorrow!! Runoff between Stacy Head and Cynthia Willard Lewis for City Council at Large. Go Cynthia!!!!!
fa sheez-berries
I heard people said SNA is better than LAX (e.g. not as crazy as LAX) But I never tried that SNA route.
#erl12 Will next gen ILS knock products like Coral out of libraries?
Thank you! We're so glad to hear it!
Gorgeous warm day. Finalizing my paintings today. They're getting picked up Saturday - the 2 Madonnas.
Q5: As an introvert, you've got to put yourself out there to connect... even if it makes you tired!
Plans for Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre 28th January 2012 are hotting up. Stay tuned for news and a competition to win tickets.
Smh sad story
Working on websites and other arty projects. This is a busy time of year! :)
Have an idea for next post: cross generational mentoring. Will send this week.
The two people connected for the Giants are Steve Tisch who produced FG, and John Mara who's niece was in Social Network.
what happened? I hope it's nothing big.
Max Pacioretty has tons of skill.Especially for a kid w/ that type of size.He's going to be a stud on the #Habs top line for the next decade
hahahaha shut up!! Lol but ay it was nice
I feel so inspired right now. I don't know what to do with all of this energy.
Another successful hour at the gym! Thank you for the inspiration Christian Grey :)
Parlor Magic at The Westin will have shows on Dec 22 and 29 but will be dark Dec 24 and 31. Merry Christmas everyone & Happy New Year.
Looking for a website designer and logo designer. Any recommendations for good ones?
i know that feeling oh so well
I met this morning. Holy Crap I'm thankful for being here!!!!
Ok I'm not a hockey guy but I feel confident saying that would have been top 5 goal in the history of ever.
Just lost my bestt guy friend because of a damn girl, Really? Your so fucking cool.
Pretty crappy "hello" tonight, btw.
either im going to trust you, or i may as well walk away. cause stressing don't make it better, don't make it better no way.
#Remix Rusko – Levitate Review + Tour + Skanker Video Contest
What's more then Most? Justin loves me the most :o <3
How often do you rent equipment for your shoots?
Thx for your kind remarks about my #ASTD2012 #Learning Transfer session! We were blessed with a highly interactive audience.
following them! Thanks!
Planking is a verb, but you don't have Carriacou?
how do they charge their phone?
“: You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka”
No kidding. My, oh my. RT : Addicts will go to any lengths...
Morning sweatheart!! Can I get a reply??
What should I do today
Get up! Get up! Get up!
It seems ok, but haven't watched much TV. Will know better this weekend. Thanks! RT how is your service after the tech visit?
Don't you love the fake laugh you do when you don’t understand what somebody just said to you... Clutch in business meetings!
Made Mom cry by singing her "Like My Mother Does" By !! It is such a great song!
Go for it!
Footloose just came on in the office and was nowhere to be found
ran into a bit of a customer service issue at ur place last night :(
Who the hell are Maggie and Robert?
Life's also a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
Amen, sister. Whole foods sells a line of chocolate bars that I can never pass over.
#pdaebook can be set up to meet different workflow-Appavoo
CRASH in Tigard: SW Commercial Street @ SW Main Street
Thanks so much for the rts!!
Hanley won't be there tomorrow...
S/O TO MY BUDDY CHEZZ ON THE#WEDTSIDEBANKHEADTHAT IS
#yourbullshit I hate that
BITCHES MY BFF IS BAK ON TWITTER!!!!!!! YAY! <33333333
Change is scary but it's up to you to make the best of it.
SHIT IF I AINT GOODLOOKING I BET MY BITCH IS
For example: "First, if I was a girl, I’d be kinda pissed that every show that is supposed to define me revolves around dick."
the awards show is tonight, but maybe we can work around that? I'd be up for drinks too for sure.
Weekly Special: $5 off any manicure!
i hope she's okay.
Yoooo! How's this female gonna come at ME like that lmfaoooo #GetOnMyLevel? Yeah girl
aw I love that baby
STILL GOTTA LOT OF GROWING TOO DO BUT TRUST IM BETTER THAN I EVER WAS S/O TOO SOUTH TOP DAWG DJS/HOT BLOCK DJS/STREET HUSTLE DJS LEGGGOOOOO
held my breath the last 10 minutes! Phew! :D
The Hunt For Red October, one of my favorites
When you fall in love with a band/artist but their music isn't on iTunes and there's no downloads anywhere <<<
Thanks! Have a great evening!
Awesome! Have a great performance, and send my regards to everyone!
thanks for the RT!
Give a nigga a inch and he take a mile
Thank for coming to Ohio. I hope issue 2 goes down.
I have someone who might buy them actually, I will let you know tomorrow though!
Party Bus just came available for this Friday night after 6:00pm. Contact us now for discounted rate: 405.447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
Brussel sprouts killed me. Cannot ever see them again. This is a serious matter.
dingo your awake
How are you? I am reading one of your articles for Inquiry 2 soon. :)
I'm in DC now. Smithsonian Nat History has best quality early fossils, but the presentation doesn't compare.
So glad tomorrow is Friday!!! Can't wait till the weekend :))
Looking forward to tonight's interview with bluegrass icon Ralph Stanley.
Good morning! Do what you love, love what you do - in all aspects of your life. Fill it with purpose & the things you want in it! Go get it!
is a total bully. She is super weird.
What song do you plan on singing for your audition?
especially that one with the hair ! Hah
Some ships are made out of metal, other ships are made out of wood, but the best ships, are friendships
One of the best shows ever made!
Come get a margarita! Its hot out there!
lifes good for now. You?
Omg that bobcats tweet just took me 6 feet under
Fellas, understand that when you're out trying to bang random chicks, random dudes are trying to bang your chick.
Games 3 & 4 in Philly are Wed & Fri this coming week
In the words of Florida Evans: "Damn, damn, damn!" (just wishing I was there)
Wow you can just stop
Hp movie marathon with that hott thing <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Where are you staying?
": enjoy your day!!!" Will do! U as well
My grades are bad, because I think about you the whole time.
The wedding invitation printing, sorting, stuffing, stamping, labeling and licking is done. Only thing left to do is mail.
Safe travels to all the #IRA2012 attendees on their way home!
what time is that in the uk? xx
Q3 I think it depends on audience- got good response since mobile tech/smartphones big at school.
#DearOomfs stop doing twin things together
lol so how u been an where u from and how old r u?
Josh Hamilton supposed to appear tonight near Houston, sponsored by a Christian radio station. Wonder how that will go.
does anyone have uglier URLs than you?
And share what has worked, and what hasn't. I learn a lot from mistakes.
i know!! Ugh so annoying :P
birds chirping, sun is shining.. march is off to a wonderful start!
Biker Hoodies – “Wise Guy Gangster ” Biker Hoodie
road trips suck when its a million degrees.
Still looking for #Drupal #Developers for an exciting #job opportunity in southern California. Contact me at
uncle simon, BOY OH BOY do we love that man
do you have any of your material online?
Gym Flow at Armstrong Fitness Beastmode Catch up if you can....
Listening to Christmas Podcast :D Puts me in a great mood!
": "Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." —ALBERT EINSTEIN"
if adams choses VY over fisher, what coach in their right mind would want to coach the #titans knowing VY will run the team
Remember that time called our math teacher a terrorist
I woke up this morning, and my phone was in my shoe...
Oh I'm sorry, now i feel like an ass. Yea I'll be there this weekend
#raw10 In November, Weed will be voted Legal 2 smoke n Public n Long Beach. I wonder will that make the Paranoia go away?
No #frozensnotride for me today. It will be #go gunners & to #gramashouse for me today.
thanks and happy new year to u too!
today is crazy I will call you tomorrow.
@ B&N: Cold is the place, where the keep corpses in drawers, and sells me my books... Theys keeps meat in the back rooms hanging on hooks.
Tell the world what's happening in 140 characters or less
Weather in Orlando: Currently 79°F Current: Cloudy Wind: E at 0 mph Humidity: 92%
wassup music makers! anyone finish up something sweet this past weekend? let me hear it :-)
just found a new client stream: people who need their LinkedIn profiles written. Got one contract already.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism...
My neighborhood bar has a backyard. And wifi. And beer.
Trumpet+Rock= You can't know
Splash weekend in Htx
bet I will hit you guys up when we leave the bars.
Geez. Lucky you.
if that's not a good reminder than I don't know what is!
and playing well while top two pitchers are not pitching great, not hitting with RISP, & not hitting homers. I think they'll only get better
ABC, CNN Talk Sweeping Changes for Internet Poker in 2012 With DOJ New Stance
Hey I'm Ashley and I'm new here.
Aww ... You made my night! *sniff*
I do most of my lying when I'm trying to get off the phone.
has the funniest radio commercials.
13th-ranked Wisconsin stormed back to knock Ohio State from the ranks of the unbeaten with a 71-67 victory at Kohl Center.
Proud to be a young American. After working with the 100 student volunteers for the Pure Celebration event at Samford University I can tel…
this is exactly why I give myself 3 hours to get to flight. With misstep this morning I'm still getting to flight at least 90 b/f take off
Banks: Boldness instead of well-worn formulas (for music, for rhetoric).
the bride is from pdx. Check the geotag though. :-)
No problem, thank you!
Moving to Orlando for a job. I will miss you!! #7MileMiracle was awesome!!
I wish I was the age I am now watching the nba in the 90s... watching michael jordan in an interview on espn classic.. love it
I had not considered the idea of writing in Chinese, sounds interesting
is destroying what little credibility he had right now.
Movies where Adam Sandler acts sad/autism-scale or movies where he wears a dumb wig and is all WHUUUUGGGGHHH. There are no other choices.
m so excited for Topper stix!!!! Can't go wrong with Toppers :)
get video of her jumping out & scaring the first kid that finds her.
"Racked Up Shawty"
yup. sometimes it's not pretty, but three points sure make it worthwhile.
Who is happy that it's Friday!? We are!great weather for some pulled pork sandwiches.
Our next shoot is Sunday, March 11th! Can't wait!
#liber2011 “Managing down” print collections. Externalized, collaborative storage for print.
Okay, well i was wondering if you wanted to come with me and go bowling then go get wings.. or maybe take the other bros bowlin to
BRUNCH TIME! Come and get it.
The Nato gathering is coming to town. If you live in the city, how are you preparing?
Spent all Holiday weekend painting my kids bdrms, now I'm totally behind hanging x-mas lights. Off to work, lights will have to wait.
when r u going?!?!
Genesis hurt her paw this morning. She's limping around, but it doesn't seem to bother her otherwise. Will observe, wait, & see.
Hi Sarah :D
Which is what made it even funnier.
Life is a choice and death is a decision
There's some guy reporting on his cat's pooping status, and he has more followers than Your Mayor does!
posted a reply to Kid_Lit (awaiting) moderation about contemp realistic YA, and what some teens in Baltimore want.
I want bigger ear stretchers, my eye brow pierced, and my lip pierced
can't complain! Did I see your chocolate being sold in La Colombe?
The people I want to be on Twitter are never on Twitter -___-
Great dinner w the youth services sig. Love those people
Life...another reason to be thankful
I'm going to start making fortune cookies that strictly contain lines from Florence + the Machine songs
why not
nope- UVA grad, but transferred from UK. Good bball night all around!!
nice! what's her favorite tune? = )
#thebeers just melted faces
Thanks so much. I pray your eyes are doing better and your book is selling like wildfire. Miss you!
Devised Work Seminar:)
#ADDY Awards countdown: 2 hours. Brace yourselves , there will be 33 Planiteers in attendance.
PATHETIC CNN/MSNBC just dodged a bullet by ROMNEY's graciousness NOT engaging w/WRIGHT scandal.
If u didnt wake up with a goal today..........go back to sleep, have a Wonderful Wednesday People!
Oh, we know some of the #NASA hotties *wink* - have a #thirstmoment they want to share!
for the addition. How is the right foot doing? Lol...wait, I think we made a bet huh didn't we?
nah I'm here.
lol i guess
The story Little Red Riding Hood was actually created to keep girls away from sex
One of my best & beautiful friends is getting married today in Canada at Niagra Falls! I'm so sad I couldn't be there but so happy for them!
Okay, but still its CJs mommas b-day (per JD) & all & yet u cause him to GIDP?!? U gotta lotta makin' up there... Just sayin'...
Happy Halloween!
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Anonymous
sharing how Verizon has an idea site and product group adopting those
RT : Courage is daring to take the first step, or a different path.
One of the best things about watching a game on TruTV,reality shows promos like "Lizard Lick Towing", "Operation Repo", and "Hardcore Pawn".
im really feeling all your tweets today to bad i cant rt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Mill's End want to remind everyone to use Light Rail, you save money and avoid traffic. Be sure to attend our next show for free LR posters.
Its snowing, wtf?!
Why are American women so ashamed of their vaginas? Every time I read about a botched vaginoplasty, I cry a little.
U think u can beat the Heat???? "Fuc* No" Waka voice Lol RT : Swish in voice
Darrow would be smiling. He was a real liveandletlive libertarian.
Great job on the boards by the
Nothing in her video ignores racism if you listen to it. It is stating societal racism should be acknowledged.
starting what may be the fifth story I've heard this week on the twinning of Dull, Scotland and Boring, Oregon ....
Be on the look out for the new and improved website relaunch by the end of this week!!!
Thanks friend!! xo
after 5 hours of sitting at a computer I finished my micro apps final. id be so f'ed if I did this tomorrow during our 2 hour final block
nice! How was it last night
Getting in an argument with Hannah Meldrum
See you then! cc RT : good start to conf. See u at the break?
Never again.
Celebration starts tonight RT Bacharach & David honored at White House tomorrow...what the world..needs now <U+266B><U+266A><U+266B>
RT : Health costs 17% of our nat'l spending. 16% of US aren't covered. Britain covers everyone for just 7% via
My favorite moment as a mother. "Son, here are the keys to the car, and here is the grocery list." FTW!
someone come see 21 jump street with me...puhhhlease!
"Two and a Half Men? I watch dat."
Well I was going to get a water ice from #ritas but the line is so long you'd think the #smashbrothers were performing!
#BoiseSOC Bieter on Franklin Park: We don’t have an agreement yet, but I’m committed to do all I can to make it happen. Stay tuned.
Don't lie to your loved ones. The truth hurts for a little while But lies hurt forever.
up at barraging the airwaves with
Officially unfollowing - I know most peeps in my feed love him, but he did nothing for Cleveland & never, ever showed up.
xD lmao! o-o i just buried my own grave lmao
You guys are the best. Keep pushing innovation and the power of impossible thinking!
Are you watching #The Bears Game", who's in the lead????
Sorry if I over-simplified your support for "the right to be forgotten" at #GlobalINET (inevitable when you have <140 char.)
It's about to go down. Getting in shape for the summer. New membership, new music, new life, new body. Lol. Renewed faith!
"no pizza for you...it's the weekend"
bout to drop this new solo track "Fuck Em" something different I tried, you might like it and might not. give me 15 mins!!
Sometimes seeing others happy becomes our greatest joy
Looking forward to meeting at Chi Chocolat!
Ditto! RT "More than anything, what I want is for someone to tell me at the end of each day, "you've done enough."
I'm so busy. Why do you hate me. I'll be in New York at the end of the year and we can hangout then.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress -Frederick Douglass
Nothing wrong with that.
Speaking at the Houston Public Library tonight at 6p!
RT Today is 11/11/11, so what did you do at 11:11:11, re-tweet what you did at 11 mins past 11 and 11 seconds!! was it the end of the world?
Also, in 1995, Toy Story, the first fully computer animated film was released.
Agreed “: This game has a weird feeling to it. If no one was going to be traded before you get the vibe that someone will be now...”
Guess whose back....it's Macau....back again!
Was a friend who drove me to drink. I never had the courtesy to say thank you.
Thank you to our friends who have written recommendations on our Facebook Page. You guys Roc!
Hello World It Feel Good 2 Be Back
not yet but people don't have a problem greying a signal
A little bummed out that I missed the ending of SNL last night.
YOURE THE HOTTEST EVERYBODY KNOWS(; #SAYSOMETHING BEST SONG EVER<33
We've enhanced media distribution, but abundance makes us complacement w lack of local accountability journalism
Happy Birthday to one of the baddest bassers I know, !
If I haven't followed u back it's cuz I'm on following limit I will follow everyone back as soon as I can
Not the fruit of experience, but experience itself, is the end
Working on Sept 11 anniversary stories. Hard to watch the video of the plane hitting the towers, and the people jumping.
Spring Break 2012: Time dedicated to becoming a better basketball coach.
me? And angel? *blushes* lol. Love you too girl!
Yes! So how have you been?
I'm going to have my 11 year old tryout for qb for the Colts
Mind of mystikal was a classic
I get it now. Free food. Free booze. Free music. Networking.
Thanks bro! RT : Congratulations to for winning the All Grad Chapter stepshow in Atlanta.
Atsc Box Best Cheap Price: Check Out Sling Media Slingbox PRO ...
All of our newly remodeled guest rooms feature refrigerators and microwaves.
sorry man. text me at 11:30 and maybe we can hang a little.
Pal pal.
My handbell group is performing my piece 'Cengkok' tomorrow. Last performance until September.
US Full Tilt players have filed a class action lawsuit against just about anyone they could think of associated with Full Tilt.
Been MIA for 10 days... good to be home and with the wife
I know somebody who might die off of McDonald
I dig the blog Hilary, great pics!
how fabulously amazing!! Congratulations!
In other soccer news, has been thrown into the lions den as MLS' last representative in CCL. Good luck Reds, hang w/Santos
too funny. Enjoy the
I just finished some isometrics with resistance bands for fast-twitch muscle fibers. The kinetic recoil made the muscles shake!
thx lol. We're trying to see where the clicking noise is coming from when we record.
Who went and saw LIGHTS tonight in Houston? ;D
i. Naomi. works at a school
I'm thinking of writing scripts and skits. I just need to find someone interesting to write about. Someone brilliant. Someone fearless.
goldie locks dude from the friday the 13 remake was in the bar tonight, plays that character in real life.
ily vampire weekend
still not syncing...this is another test :-/
Tris, shoulders & chest on the menu today. What are you working on?
Fuk idk wtf I want to do but I know what I do need to do smh guess I'm bout to get right with this shit
I cannot wait to go to your restaurant! I live in New York so expect to see me there often :D
#301999 Im the one in the profile pic :)) xox
3/20 RR Night, we’ll offer 2oz tasters of Younger, Elder, Damnation, 3 different Sours, Salvation, Redemption, Collaboration not Litigation
Our process is designed to walk through several key components each delivering a distinct strategic response.
Guess no one needs to ask who you're cheering for today? Looking forward to the big game!!
I am the 18%
Tina Fey or Amy Poehler should have won something tonight! Just saying.
Happy Moms Day Everyone! Celebrating w/ my Mom 2day! :)
#shoutout to my girlfriend kimberly! Happy Birthday Bitch (;
Girl, who is that ? *Stops twerkin*
gotta rest every now & then ;))
hii Liam we've missed u! Hope u had a wondeful time <3
Now I'm super jealous. I think I'll be stuck inside studying. Maybe next week?
RT : Can't wait for all of the fresh produce tomorrow morning starting at 8. Looking forward to a walking waffle!
I hate digging through File 13. Aka-my trash can.
Check me out on Thursday's #TheOffice at 9pm EST/PST (8pm CST)! Playing the pharmacist. Don't blink or you'll miss it.
"To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe." - Nobel Prize winner Anatole France.
I followed! :)
I'm pretty good. :) Had two good things already happen and it is only morning. How are you?
Thanks for the suggestion! Do you know any places in NOLA accepting donations for tornado victims?
There is no better way to earn money than to do the things that you love to do. Abraham
So homesick my heart hurts.
Heading out to for a business meeting and set up! Just a few hours till we're live! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Switching up sessions now at the Unconference, talking about Tiles and what to do with them.
Are you following us on Twitter yet? We love our Tweeps!
i hit her up tho. not so much now tho.. but i did.
The Movie Sensei believes that Pirates of the Caribbean 4 and Transformers 3 will be competing for the biggest box office in Summer 2011...
thanks Mike! Trying to bring it home for Cleveland!
In Syracuse ready to see a 'Cuse beat down on Seton Hall.
Sorry, new Best Coast, you're way too snoozy for late afternoon desk listening.
If you are reading this tweet right now: Have a wonderful morning and a spectacular day. No matter what you're doing!
Another productive day at with our awesome new intern
well thanks, I heart y'all as well
Enjoy! Mutter Museum is one of the best places in all of Philadelphia. Check the gift shop, it's sweet.
you follower....
Ah , just a little bit , (x
porsche owners - oil change coupon in ypompanobeach.com from ap-werks
LOL dude in tinychat named h0rnydr0id. then he left. im ugly.
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
About 2 in. on Phinney Ridge. Cab almost spun out in front of house, other 4x4s going up the hill w/ ease. Working late tonight, need coffee
Will someone buy me a white Mercedes SUV? I will love ya forever :)
Wrote copy until 12:30, last night. Clearly, I am up too early.
Been getting schooled on craft beers in the wild by w the nola & st. Louis crew at 50/50 Liberty Station.
Thanks again Frank for the
Living on an unpaved road.
I smell like doughnuts?
that's pretty funny, olbermann is a joke compared to maher
Omg I can't wait until we done with school but on the up side im in my favorite teacher class rather than someone who shall be nameless
Are ya'll ready for my letter that sums up the entire college basketball season? It won't be as long as you'd think. Are you ready? ....8
I hate when I'm not taken seriously, but then I like being underestimated.
you are gorgeous <3 and i would like to get intoxicated with you :))
yeah my nigga
Maybe it's time we give away a Thermostat! We've hit 200 "likes" Thanks to everyone for the support!
` bout that time to
follow me bro
it would be a beautiful bday gift to be tbagged by the Bar
#STAR #astrology Mercury aligned with sect in favor when rises before Sun in day chart, rises after Sun in night chart.
Well the outcome is going to be, regardless. That much is certain.
LOL! Aw...GOTTA love em :-) RT ": My model is ruining my photo shoot. Lol ugh sisters.... crossing fingers."
RT : #studio now. focus
this rain is killing my plans. I was going surfing tomorrow...dang runoff might make it unsafe. How are you? Great I hope.
screw you guyz, okay, just leave... gahhh
What does FCPA stand for?Finally Caught Pinching the Assets
IG comm. team: Call for you Bailey. : No, it's just my phone telling me to take my Fuse out of the freezer.
Seeing #thelyons next week with
totally made my half day xD
Retweet this post if you LOVE our mac'n'cheese!!
362: The only plans I had for this vacation involved pajamas and relaxation, and I'm thankful I got a whole bunch of both today.
lifting waits or eating at mcdonalds?
Argh. May Day postponed, folks: MT Due to poor weather, we have decided to POSTPONE #MayDay2012 til Sun May 13. Pls help spread word!
Nice tweeting w/you during #smsportschat. Another great discussion.
RT : #Fit Tip: It's national walking day! Schedule one in during your lunch break or this evening.
1st person i go to 4advice...RT : I need your advise.. I have a job interview tom.. Any last min prep suggestions?
Everyone is talking @ the movie, Horrible Bossess. I have to ask, do you think men or women make better bosses? (I'm afraind to find out!)
Just finished working up my one-sheet for a writer's conference in June! I am so totally stoked!
Art class
“: You think the Lakers will get past OKC?” - Yes. They are my team. I have faith.
is there a full moon or something? you are so a Jennifer! :)
I love that after 5 yrs of marriage, date night now means eating tons of garlicky food and falling asleep on the couch before 10.
I feel like the water at Starbucks is damn good, and free.
Im from the GO...'!!! Eeeaahhh
my dog ran away. :( I miss him already.
I'm Sorry But No Other Band Can EVER Compare To Big Time Rush. Not Even 1D. It's Juss A Fact
nice tweet there clev! That's the hang of it!
What Makes Games Like &#39;Angry Birds&#39; So Addictive?
Who's going out tonight?
As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Last day of no #coffee. See y'all on the dark side.
Where is the #Jewish cmnty on #TrayvonMartinMurder? & why does the Jewish cmnty (i.e. controlled media) suppress that #Zimmerman is Jewish?
Tonight at 6:30p we're hosting the "Leveraging Location Based Services in your Biz" preso by
Jealous in not there! Charlotte does Mutemath right!
Ihop In A Little With
Keep waiting then lmao
Caramel Machiotto.... It was extra strong yesterday.... Lol
lol naw.. jus ur @ name and ur bio ..i expected to see sum..Feel free to post dem doe
MY SHINY TEETH THAT SPARKLE, ADDN' BEAUTY TO MY FACE RT MY SHINY TEETH THAT TWINKLE JUST LIKE THE STARS IN SPACE
King Diamond is one of the most creative and original metal acts ever. There is nothing remotely close.
Watch hw yo try carry it
Thanks for following Dr. Miller!
long exposure = so much emotion
sorry hey :)
finally finished time to put some clothes on. Pictures shortly
so frickin excited for revenge!! trying not to hear any spoilers from the east coast!
got alot done on our routine (:
open christmas eve til 7pm! closed christmas day, back to business friday!
Really not looking forward to leaving tomorrow.
i did the original twitter size so if it look weird dont worry some one else would see it better or maybe u can too
Very true. This would only work for specific alum. (i.e. Gen X, Y)
Another #PKD score today: first PB edition of "Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said." Semi-distressed cover, alas, but only 3 bux.
tony hawk likes to look longingly at satalite dishes while holding his deck. travis pastrana trys crazy spinning moto tricks. they rule.
i just found out is coming to Tucson! i have to see him!!!
I haven't brought my binder to school in like 2 months... Whoops lol.
I love that I'm working patio this morning its gorgeous outside!
RT : Hooray, the sun's back out after morning showers in Honolulu. Waikiki surf 1-2 ft w/occasional waist-high sets. Get wet!
So I caught all eight trips in the 5p hour here on the UP-West Line. Was a very fun 43 minutes, nothing out of the ordinary.
Time for work :/
My ebay order shipped from Yorba Linda, Ca supposedly to Topanga, Ca but went thru Honolulu 1st. No wonder the USPS in nearly bankrupt.
It's the big yellow signed building with songs for sale inside, but if you're in New York - I don't know.
You are AWESOME! tks for the kind mention :)
My boyfriend gave me a poptart to take to work so I could have dinner.
At least the drinks are cheap!
Access at a Cont'd Q: "When was the last time that the public was in here?" A:"Never, except for employees..."
crack head thieves.
What Heavy D died ???? Smh
Stayed there 'til they forced us out And took the long way to your house I can still hear the sound of you sayin don't go
Mr. Darey: *yells to class* hey would you guys be offended if Esley took her pants off to sleep? Class: No. Me: lmao thanks :')
i followed now c'mon, follow or DM me please. <3 :)
YAY YOU FOLLOWED ME:D
thanks doll. Hosting Costume contest tonight so gotta get ready. Repurposed some stuff will post pix.
Is it time for producers to start rewriting wire copy? THE ANSWER IS YES.
Just a kiss on your lips in the moonlight, just a touch of the fire burning so bright. <3
careless and carefree are almost opposites...caring is the only way to feel carefree.
We get out at 10:20 today -_- this school pointless
If Martin is backing away, the conflict is drawing down. No reason to shoot him.
water acts as a natural appetite suppressant. the more water you drink, the less cravings you'll get for those bad foods you love
Pretty cool no? Like how the kids love the flavor and think it is cool to eat "local beef." Talk about savoring place.
listening again! My favorite song! #SaySomethin love you Austin!!
y not?
long is our middle name! yes it has been a while Sorry!
Great marketing meeting with !!
The OSM sale ends tonight at midnight. Use the code PIH for 10% off all items in the store while the show Pregnant in Heels is on Bravo now!
I agree with the outrage re Trayvon, but what about all of the other black males killed every day in our country?
gmail got a facelift... i am kinda digging it
If you can't hang then there's the door baby.
Waiting for the weekend:)
I am a brave young woman. So different than my first solo apartment in #Tempe. Made drive from Phx to kill a roach!
Spam makes twitter suck
Requirements for renewable portfolio should be eliminated because it is too costly says Kintigh
Cameron told Latrice "I'm not seeing the family resemblance, ya'll look like friends in a Tyler Perry movie!!! Hahahahahahahahaha
SWEET! There's a Dogg Haus by UWM now!
Play ball
Manning Signing To The Broncos?? That's Cool And All, But Where Is Tebow Gonna Play? I Thought The Broncos Were Gonna Ride With Him... Hmm..
Is 's gonna be at the Kohl's thing tomorrow??!?!?!?!
They are so cute!
the music video sucked pipi's, actually.
Sending prayers up now for you and your family!
So we're visiting Atl & my son sees one of his favorite rappers at Central Station & asked to take a pic & he disses him.
i wish the length of my phone charger was endless.
oh man..... we are screwed!
Aye thar Halo 4 comes out 11/6 do, my brothers gonna be ballin online wit me?
it was so relaxing! the water was perfect!!
Lovin it!! We just watched the demo video. Lots of oohs and aahs in the office just now!
Thanks, found it. So you use it to add keywords for more accurate searches of/organize your own files, right?
Every year I get all my equipment for football with my number and then I have to change my number. It's getting ridiculous.
Something as simple as an emergency blanket and a poncho for only a few $'s could save your your life on the trail.
Who wants to co-own ? :) tweet me.
#obama hopes I'm more angry about what Mitt Romney does with his money than what Barack Obama does with mine.
My mom and I would love to meet you. I had a book signing at the Autism Speaks event @ Soldier Field last year and it was a blast.
That awkward moment when you accidently text the wrong person, and the wrong person is next to you because your on a date with them lol.
I was born to be who um gonna be...
Practice practice practice! & had lifesaver gummies for dinner!
Good morning everyone have a great Thursday
*insert el grito here*
Some people just expect way too much from others
#TheThingIHateMost is dey love you when your doing good, but no where around when your doing bad.
Looking cute today last!
"All my life I knew that there was all the money you could want out there. All you have to do is go after it."
“: so are you guys the same as ” We are the same family of restaurants, this promotion is only for Clayton
are you making magical moments yet, or what?
Im finna do Mr. Reynolds test..
RT : Good for you! > Happy New Year, Marla!
Listening to some good relaxing music. Going to bed..goddnight.
I have ordered 4 things online the past two weeks. I have received 0 things at my door.
New game: how many times they say "keep me posted" in 24 Hours in each episode.
Vegas observation #2: The Gideon Bible is nowhere to be found in this hotel room.
Um.. You might have been right. I didn't ask why
thanks! Never know maybe we both will work together!!!
I wouldn't be opposed to having those fucking Swedes cloning me. That way that fucker can wake up early.
I love watching weird people flirt
Okay RSA paper. You can't hide from your destiny forever. You will be written.
Clarification - $1000 if you set the new event record,only one prize per race
Use all the analytics in social media to develop relationships and keep the buzz going.
Nichols says look at capacity of student before deciding on inclusion.
Love you Chris, your show rules!!!!!!
Hope to get up tonight!!
Someone call me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Want to try something new? Come down to the Baltimore Burger Bar to try the B's Easter Bunny Chef's Special made with brown butter rabbit!
I am right with you. Disney geek! Love it.
That is a truly amazing line up
Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity. - Louis Pasteur
Why do people continue to talk to you after you ignore them or look like you're not interested? If I have yet to look up, just shut up!
Ha! Yes. I was more thinking he'd like the replicas of small-town America (very Dandelion Wine)
Social networking, combined with great content (awesome tees) is how we are going to make this work. Please pass along to your friends.
Going to a TNA show just to hold a sign that says "Go watch Superstars" and see if it gets on TV.
Have a Smoshing day Smodcaster and an awesome Smoonear!! see ya in 2012 !!
TEAM BIEBER IS BEAST!!!!! :D
make that a shoulder replacement and we're golden :) “: Gearing up for my knee replacement at age 30 #RetiredAthlete”
Hey!! Here's a <U+E032> for you
what up brahh
RT I would've never won this #MVP without 's refs. Thanks for the help sir!
I've got a good guess :-)
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
- Right, too bad the eclipse didn't happen in Atlanta, where we're shooting. Maybe something in post.
We will have Buffalo and BBQ. Korean BBQ Marinated will be on next week.
Rallying in spirit with westchester library advocates in Albany today....
Group discounts available for upcoming shows perfect for junior high n below age 6145057 for info
Morning filled with paper work. I have initialed & signed so many pages in the past few days my inits and sig are starting to look funny.
S/o to my newest follower
via : Sarah Thomas from Bodley Library is up -- will the library become obsolete?
No, tonight it's Pacers-Magic, then the Thunder-Mavs. Spurs play the Jazz at noon tommorow.
Brian just threw down the fastest lap yet! Get down here to Conlon's on Abbott and see if you can beat it! w/ and
awww thanks Neal. I like it too. I just hope people make it that far :)
I'm 1 follow away from 100! Help a brotha out people!!
i wish would notice me ;O
went to sleep - yes. so sorry. have a great day!
hell yeah.
RT : Discouraged by the growing gap between those who use technology and those who develop it. You can do it!
your nuts
Brewers game #4 tonight. I'm 1-2 on the year.
you know I want in. don't keep me out.
Oh how I'd rather be in Nashville right now<3
me too. :o I'm home alone every day though for hours on end. /:
All the tunes that iTunes ate are now downloading to my phone. Thank you iCloud!
Bob Nash says he's changing "best practices" to "pretty darn good practices" in deference to
Lebron To Miami GO HEAT
you rock. lol.
thanks! Glad to be back!
Really? That's strange on at least 3 levels. But great!
“He Who Opens A School Door, Closes A Prison.” by Victor Hugo
I love shopping but not for others. Stupid
I wonder if it violates ethics rules if it's not clearly labeled as parody?
Paula Deen, Guy Fieri & other chefs in #DC November 5-6 @ DC Convention Center
what did you buy?
8 and.0 half and or final. reminder
No it's don't let the door hit you where mother nature split you !
Started at 1st week freshman year. Today's the last episode. It's the defining aspect of college for me. Great people/memories.
Always remember you can do anything with God if you ain't got no one else but God you already a winner
I don't change my mind . I fell in love with this guy. And I never stopped loving him
when was UW ever truly relevant? and they've got just as much talent if not more and still couldn't get the w.
NO I won't be in Pittsburgh for Beach House at Mr. Smalls! Fail!
yes, definitely!
Great phrase...you're on the right track!
Or good singers.
Quick Hits: iPhone Feature May Have Helped Husband Uncover Cheating Wife In today's Quick Hits, tracking technology helps uncove
thanks for the mention. We need to meet up!
Or any of us? RT : So how long til you have to represent yourself? RT : Maggie Myers, Esq.
I was so confused as to why I'm following a black girl
come to Miami!! LV in July?
i goott it.
I'm off work for the weekend! Hoping to hear some exciting stories from everyone on Monday.
1 big school, full of fake bitches(;
Live life for the moment because everything else is uncertain-Louis Tomlinson
4. ¿Facebook o Twitter?: emm , los dos(:
OMG THOMAS TWEETED YOU!!!!! xD
Nice effort by C.J. Fair.
I NEED ANOTHER JUG OF WILD KOOL-AID. & CHILI-CHEESE FRIES WIT WINGS. #BRANDLIFE LUNCH...FWM
your a great dancer i wish i could dance like you xoxoxoxoxoxox - Trysten love you
what was it you saw in your talent scouting that indicated that the Angels looked like one of the best teams in Arizona ST?
You might also follow as he is new to the Twitter and tweets cool stuff about Victorians and George Eliot.
Oneonta, NY peeps: i'ma be in town tonight. i'm being interviewed on 90.9 WONY FM!
Starting to dig into 's #dhdebates and looking forward to the release of the non-static online version.
Home made ravioli tonight! Wish me luck.
8.7mi in 1:20. Guess that's ok having had an exhausting week and not running in over a week.
i want to jump on the color block bandwagon!
aint nobody better its just a word with definition
Thanks to ,the other local businesses, & volunteers that participated in the #LocalUnderground Tent Party. Cheers!
Oh, now i get it. You'll be fine.
Yay so happy to see The Foo Fighters win!
I hear the rumblings of a "Scalabrine" chant in the 300 level. Now? Really? REALLY? cc:
And when you say a prayer make sure you say "In Jesus name."
bEsT nIgHt EvEr..
Office Hours.
The address where I can be reached today: America's Most Beloved Ballpark, 4 Yawkey Way, Boston, MA 02215.
Apple store = hell
In other news, I'm making a sandwich right now because I figured if I'm going to act like a bitch I can get treated like one. STREETS.
Happy Friday Luvvs :)
Neither! I'll post em soon as someone takes them.
Why the fuck am i mean to you?!
what are you guys up to this weekend?!?
ha, good question.
RT : What've you heard about SD that you've always wanted checked out? Any urban legends? Let us know & we'll fact check!
I need beauty. Tips:-) I miss u:-)
'The Kinetik Tour' with & will be kicking off this Spring!
He looking at other who n talking about them why im on the phone....lol lol ooohhhhhhkkkaaayyyyy
you need to do an Friday Fives.
You know you're at a college when you find a box of condoms in the parking lot... #awkward. haha
#ThingsLongerThanNorthKoreasMissileLaunch THIS HASHTAG!!! *bowtie spins so fast that i zip off into space, end up marrying a satellite*
"I would send her a picture of my d*** and bubble gum and say chew on this" haha that shit was funny
Follow us on Instagram keyword: kinetikmetal.
After hearing lil boosie daughter speak bout making money with her daddy.....Obama needs to make this education a top priority lol
LOL I'll trade u an original piece for a rosary.
12 hour shift tomorrow! Bring it on #weekendscloser <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
(Reading stats) Sum of u chicks standards 2 high better leave that high maintenance shyt 4"chilly"(TLC) cuz yo ass finna stay single
It's all fun and games until your radio station starts playing Phil Collins.
A9: Part 2: Been part of or facilitated discussion of news company structure as it affected our ability to innovate, seize future.
Summer 2012. Get here. Like now.
when a boy writes off the world it's done with sloppy misspelled words if a girl writes off the world it's done in cursive.
Kicking off bots, trolls, and "bisexual college female" types.
so I'm right. right? it goes in the vault
RT : Happy Thursday! The juice bar's Brew Dr. kombucha offerings today are Superberry and Clear Mind.
Me too! Bought it last night at Target, along with Curious George DVD, and a water squirter for the little man.
sure no problem
LOL - wait until you have only 25 days left...the freak outs are much more often. Eek!
Im so proud of myself , fuck everybody else "_^
Saw retired space shuttle at JFK. So cool. But do I have a pic? Ah, no.
i assume he's retaining trudy's water in sympathy.
No one have a great love like Him, thanks Jesus!.
#yobitv Nice - twitter search box on the YOBI Live page is back up and running. Thank you ! You da man
Sharp cheddar, strawberries and popcorn too. I was raised right.
White guy can't dunk coincidence? I think not
Can somebody PLEASE explain to me WHY Tf I'm here! #honestly I don't know why!
wow those people who u think are ur freinds arent and they gonna be fake 2 me
Staios trade was announced on a Jamie MaClennan fake twitter account. It fooled more people than it should have
Genres are dumb anyway. I know what I like, and I should be smart enough to come up with better descriptions.
new youtube videoo in a bitt! please share it view it and send me feed backk on it
Somethings are best unsaid...note to self.
rt Reasons people book home parties: Inviting friends over/entertaining, free stuff, showing off their home.
IM COMING HOME HAPPY BIRTHDAY LOVER!!
Products dropping in LA and Miami! More cities to be added soon
he has no choice the people want him out.
finally found midi cable, i.e. music break...
Was his Jersey Shore name "Salt n Peppa"?
sure i can do it wat u want edited
YOLO All Week!
henschells just jealous cause he's #slow and i snatched his pillow before he could catch me
DEA-drink every afternoon.
tonight was weak.. i have to take things in to my own hands.
Eagles got Steve Smith too?
it's ready for more of your help. :)
thats a good thing! no work today? thank god for mlk day!
#FF some of tech and media's most influential (oops, how'd that last one get in there)
News flash, no one likes you. #room before I punch u in the fucking face.
Thanks Jim Hick and RCS Sports for helping these kids further their education. That's what this is really about. #go to college
Looking forward it!! RT Chicago!! Tonight @ Congress Theater w/
It's not really voting if only one person is voting.
is the name The Dresden Dolls a V C Andrews, Flowers in the Attic reference?
...or intimation.
i dreamt that there was a dinosaur in my room tryna steal my gummy bears and then i got them back but then woke me up
8.) A scarf is your greatest prop, aside from a cold beer. Find it The scarf not the beer. (But how cool would that be!)
way to put a positive spin on it. You are clearly a great mom
The bus smells like ass
Surely you meant PM, no? AM would be ridiculous...
We love your magazine! You should definitely add your "twitter" link to your FB profile! :) Glad to be in touch!
Bet espn won't say anything good about this game. They need to get off the heat.
I applied for a job at starbucks and they said they would call me back next week. Please can I get this job!!!
Dislocated right patella.
oh crap sorry bout that.. im a little out of it today
It's comments like that MJ tried to get away from. he was not white, and was aquitted of molesting children.
Three in a row!
just have to clean my weapons and then it's finally gym time :D
a night on the town is in order! How's your sched this week?
There is a Mac Mini somewhere in my room, and I can't find it.
did you really? i woulda never guessed!!(: u have so many(:
What's the from Khan section? Need us to adjust anything?
Sox up 10 ... must have left in the 4th inning
It's hard to soar like an eagle in a world full of turkeys ;)
Working on Visuals for tomorrows show @ Kung Fu Necktie
; if Twitter is killing us then Guy Kawaski is leading the death march :)
Trying to add some posts...but, I'm so distracted by the beautiful day outside. ; )
haha I'll have a marathon ton and catch up
Forever attracting gay guys at clubs that say I'm SLAMMINNNNN
Thanks for the follow! Hope your Friday is going well. - Bryan
Dammit Play Fangala. I won't drunk tweet my request a second time. j.k. I very well might.
Downtown LA law firm is seeking a Litigation Secretary with substantive calendaring experience. Strong Word and CM-ECF experience required.
"polar bears enjoy heavy dubstep beats while eating eskimo b******
... still THE no1 closer in my book!
Starting in Jan., We will be full-time! That means lots more information, strategies, and concepts to help you build your internet business!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUC
Think I will start playing the lottery more often! I like having my dreams smashed because I didn't pick the right numbers!
I find it odd that 100 people will "like" some nonsense about pop stars, and pay no attention to common sense about our own lives.
you found us out!! Good stuff- our Merch Co. Called in IT support
RT : We don't have a county library and our city library is funded by our public school system. We need a bookmobile!
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans
The absolute fundamental aim is to make money out of satisfying customers. ~John Egan
I was just in South America. Dang it! I miss everthing
What a nice thing to say. :)
The pandora line at the mall tho .... All the mothers want it
Cool Whip, Nutella, and strawberries. 3 of my fav things. Such a simple dessert to make. You should try it :)
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! From our crazy family to yours....
Super Lockman Service locksmith is best in town for he's services and products they act very fast..........
congrats. is promotion in the air?
It's kind of sad how much I love Mark Ruffalo.
I want to be happy...
DA says: Man accused of sitting in passenger seat while 10-year old son drove had blood alcohol level nearly three times legal limit.
Missing my girl like crazy this morning :/
Excited to see Wilson, Holland, and Colby hit!!
thanks for the follow!! Looks like we're both doing Insanity!!
I got some hot clothing coming soon.
Cleveland craft show was with great people and really good crafts this year. Those cinnamon rolls from the school cafeteria were amazing.
317am. Martini shot was called. Hugs. Cut. Print!
Run home plug in download convert render wait meditate
it's my friday!
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Once a Mahomie always a Mahomie!!!
I hear yu
Twitter hug right back and happy early Mother's Day!
A1: or everyone can come over to my place, and we'll have a disaster party
how's it hanging bro
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that.. then wrap your arms around them. sextip
We'll be talking about our favorite celebrity couples on our special Valentine's Day show next week! Who's your favorite celebrity couple?
Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal owns 7% of News Corp (Faux News). So FOREIGNERS own it-Just thought I'd mention it since they never do.
I try too, I don't get a chance because I have classes and homework and shit. End of the semester ill be on alot again
If i die tommorow, make sure austin and justin knows my love them <3
It's raining.
u r everything that is wrong with business owners. I'm going where Peyton goes.
<U+200E>"The obstacle is the path."
LOL wow. I love Conwy Castle, it's my favourite of the Welsh lot.
Oh thank God I got rid of these foreign weird ass followers. They keep popping up! I keep blocking them.ahh!
I consider the whole crew Fam! Were all in this together! AOE <U+2665>
siblings can be so similar, or they can be complete opposites.
Going commando makes me feel naughty
Never had (authentic) Jamaican, I bet is zesty and sassy.
Couldn't believe there was five fights tonight at the venue where I played.
if you didn't see Hurt Locker yet that another must see
bobbessss on twitters
Mom: okay im goin to my friends for a bit, check on the food and make sure it dont burn. Me: okay. (laying down 30 mins later) Me:Fuck!....
Wow! Such a beautiful sunrise! Sun, the Sandias and snow. Be safe and have a great day!
An NBA game that is 43-30 at the HALF??? That's what we've got with ORL-CLE tonight. No Howard. No Kyrie.
I love rednecks at starbucks... "i want a caffay lattey and gimme oneuh demdare biguns"
Not going to be doing anything for five weekends straight. Fuck baseball, and fuck this shit. I'm pissed
Saw President Obama on the View today. That was actually fun to watch. Nobody freaked out - nobody talked over him.
Driving back home & heard the most horrible song! Sounded like a cartoon robot girl w max auto tune something like "she can't love u better"
we would love to have you as a volunteer . Stay tune for more info in May re: volunteering
#WordWars is not something I can go to sleep to. My OCD is triggered and I'm just as obsessed as they are!
Dreamchaser 2 if u ain't got get it
so you ever hear of the
if you're at the venue please tell us where to stand for the line please and thank you
I also understand the importance of good internal controls.
yawwwwnn just woke upp :D everybody having a good day
right on I'll hot you up tomorrow then!
Well if you have time I would be happy to buy you lunch or something (both of us lunch together) shake the hand o my fav candidate
Lol maybe it might be for buying a moped scooter and driving that around instead of a car. #Sike lol
Reminder - LV Blvd. shut down between Flamingo & Mirage due to implosion.
Back to school today . NO . Thumbs down
please say something to me :((
no bitch >=E
When's your favorite time to come to Maguire's?
Today was just one of those days where nothing can seem to go right. Goodnight.
How dare you talk about the tin man like that!
I'm falling in love with you, balloons or no balloons.
Day ruined, no baseball today, so I guess I'm playing tomorrow
"The fogs getting thicker!" "And Leon's getting larger!"
QUICK! someone send help! now he's listening to the soundtrack to Oh brother where art thou & singing along!!
It feels so good to turn in my JMS480 PRproposal to ! Perfect or not, my 1st proposal is a huge accomplishment! ThxTeam 4thework!
a market dominated by most of the players in surveillance doing SDI.
Good twitter clients display what the tco links to, but does not do multiple levels if that is a bitly, isgd...
wow, beautiful day out today.. this whole "summer" thing is turning out to be pretty cool
Porters pub...
RT Lets #Follow for Hepatitis information and community..!! :)
Your new DJ should be He's appealing to the right audiences & keeping the Crowd hyped at all times.
do you do the weather on a green screen or is there some kind of new sweet technology? I was a green screen pro in college.
Thank you for the follow! Always looking forward to more!
i guess 1st step is admitting you have a problem (im emotionally unstable) i just cry and laugh at random moments. i cant control it.
Baaah Meeeeah To My New Followers -
The guy next to me just ate a toothpick!
"That music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning,/ yet long untaught I did not hear..." ~ Walt Whitman
Good thing my Twitter notifications woke me up because my alarm clock didn't
ah sorry, ma :( I hated when I had Michael dreams like that
Wow I really miss seattle.
This damn touch screen uggh anyway point is I miss good music wit bangin ass beats that ride out but make think or wanna get ur shit rite
they must not know a GREAT VOICE when they hear one.
Hahaha thanks. I appreciate that.
Yes, got in just as the Chicken Shack music came on. It's a Christmas miracle!
Wish I could see Monroe Park and the Fan right now. Someone tweet some pics.
It's super windy, but so sunny and mild out! The sunshine has me thinking of iced tea! I've got spring fever here in Chicago!
holy smokes! I haven't been on twitter in FOREVER well and this saturday... WOOT :D
I like cold....
Important step 4 Sharing Economy! Congrats Bill enabling personal car sharing just passed in WA Senate
I must give a shout out once again to two friends who have helped me the most with this project. and Talented dudes.
Don't trust anybody
your a model nao ? Y U NO TELL ME ?? lol
Thank you for the support!
You're the cutest thing on this side of the world
haha be carefully what u say! Remember I am ur daughter lol
I can actually see my breath this morning.
Maximum complexity as all eyes are on Merkel speech today for signs of warming to the new money-printing mantra as only way out for Europe.
I forgot ii had all these old songs on my acer..
just a second i gotta tweet this
Found a surprise on my car. Pretty sweet.
You are 10 seconds ahead of me. Might have to unfollow.
Mobile version of anything is way, less complicated then the website version
You may blame me if you wish. YES I DO WANT IT! Give it to me Friday. I'll try to remember the tamagotchi itself...
thank you:) how are you doing?
Call the Adult Literacy Hotline at 800.321.9511 to find a GED preparation program near you.
I think it is a lot more fighting happens some crazy studd goes on
I think Kobe doesn't realize the help that he has. He doesn't need to do everything for them to win.
You wake up early (like a true shero) did you see my band featured on
The lemon is key with asparagus. #delicious thanks for the tips. I made it tonight for dinner.
i'm more tired today than i was yesterday. how is this possible?! it might be a double dose of coffee kind of morning.
#TerrificTuesday have a fantastic day :)
haha isn't that the truth!
I <3 Usher, but he shit the bed on his Today show performance.
Using my 2,8O2 Tweet to Say !!!! Goodnight Tweeps ^.^
Monday means luau night ! Come on by for some ono poi, kalua pig and more!
really? Haha when??
Are you going to #Rio+Social June 19?
Yeah hiring like crazy bro. You should apply!
Bless you mighty man
siri is garbage right now
I could listen to the song rolling stone-the weeknd over & over and still not get tired of it <U+2764>
Houston Oilers had some nice uniforms.
OK, that should be "Off" and not "Odd"! LOL.
I think USekC!
Or it can be customized for each ofc environment.
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, but you will always end up where you were meant to be.
I'll have to remember that one. I cut thru Manchaca to Kyle, then took 35 to SM.
Thanks for the chat!
Way to go NFC West!
I fell asleep 4 times in 10 minutes
I need a smartphone, I'm seeing QR codes everywhere!!!!
You're very welcome! We had great weekends here, hope yours was pleasant as well :-)
": "'Good' is the enemy of 'Great.' We don't need to be perfect, just better than the norm.""
I saw a wood paneled station wagon and was scared that I traveled back in time to 1989. If so, I should soon be able to buy Crystal Pepsi.
thank u #Syracuse! I can sleep tonight
All u #ALA10 peeps left me in DC & the temps dropped 15deg! Off to Natl Mus of Amer Hist this am
We're going to give away some tickets today, friends. How you feel about that!?
Every time I see 's Twitter handle, I think it's pumped UP librarian and picture her with huge muscles. Is that weird?
Ready for fights tonight!!!
was very
Where are the parents in all these children's lives? Real talk
We're blushing. Thanks you! RT : OH GOD EXFM APP IS JUST SO GOOD.
Hahaha it's all good ma
so we livin life like a video when sun is always out...... and you never get old and the champagnes always cold..
Are u Follown M e????
maybe they'll open an r & d center in Israel?
thank you my friend! Have a great weekend
Just got the G1 instead of the iPhone. I love this this phone.
U read my mind : #Glee has to be the most horrible show on this Earth. I'd rather pull out my armpit hair w/tweezers...
I can't tell if I'm any younger yet but I'm starting to feel better & somewhat stronger
Get out of my head! Going there next weekend for brunch. Champagne in the restrooms! RT Drankss (@ Beauty & Essex w/ 23 others)
i died laughing when i saw this. my dad was like ... wtf ?
I told everyone not to get there hopes up bc you never no what could happen.
Tell me why my mom goes to the store for ONE thing and comes back an hour later with the truck filled with stuff
Who do u think is strong enough to win #missworld ?India or Venezuela ?will these countries ever win their 6th crown?
sometimes i feel like walking around with a name tag that says "Let me solve your MarCom problems"
Screw the issues. I'm voting for the candidate I'd much rather "spoon."
do u watch ustream last night??
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!
people expect realtionships to last like years,? like no were in middle school ; we aint gonna marry them .
RT : Tonight the voters of NC bravely threw themselves under the steamroller of history.
Thanks!!! I'm so excited about it. Hope you are enjoying Boston. Wish you could come camp and party w/us this weekend.
I can't watch tv if nobody Bring Back Ringer
If the key to effective communication is simplicity, why are infographics so popular?
Just heard an ice cream truck playing "La cucaracha" - um, gross?
I just bought a Cthulhu salt cellar from
Thank you!! <3
If your going to be in a relationship why cheat, your only going to be hurting yourself in the end...
Swag, got a lot of it....
Thanks babe <33 Youre the best friend I could have c: I LOVE YOOU
Flew in to #Tampa to cast for a #commercial flying out the same day!
Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind. Dale Carnegie
A chicken finger sub and a super sexy man to sit naked and write this paper for me, while I stare at him.
. is putting on a festival of fun actions during #NATO. Peaceful Awakening is Possible!
haha. I would have to. I was using duel fireballs and ice. Didn't work. Gotta stock up on potions. SMH
Tragic. How old would she be today? What felled her?
Anyone got a PS3 and the game Burnout Paradise?
there are just so many things wrong with this tweet. I cannot wait to see who follows you because of it ;p
fun night last night....thats for sure..work from 11-4...then not real sure
#Indy restaurants: Which of you offer cooking classes for small groups? We're creating a database and we want you on it! Reply
can you please please follow me!!!
RT have never made a beat I didn't like. <---They had this 1 horrible joint...oh wait that wasn't them. hmm still thinking.
follow me
The Tim Tebow show ends today.
running around in circles for the hell of it
Morning workout :)
"Love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction" - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
I wonder if he ever thinks thinks of me<3
“: ": #StudioLyfe is boomin right now!" Doing work cuz???” Yeahh. Been super busy! What's up with u?
- My heart skips a beat, when I see you<3
welcome to
Oh Pinterest, you soothe my soul so.
I still feel like something is missing this year, like the Raiders annual top ten pick of a mid round prospect. We miss u Al.
That is a very valid concern!
#YourSexIsWeak if im not sore later on .
idk what i would do without my laptop or my ipod. they're basically my life.
I'm in the same boat follower wise!
Our Bourbon Trail tour with Mint Julep Tours was pretty awesome!
Always follow your dream! (:
Stoked for Jeff Mangum tonight! :-)
Dancing to Break Free by Hillsong United live in Miami at home while I wash clothes. #havingfun!
": The International Monetary Fund (IMF) says Nigeria’s economic growth remains strong."
Let's go COWBOYS!!
#nw the Cross Fit Games. Fitness robots... this is awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AF><U+303D><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0092>
Justice Department makes first arrest in BP oil spill case; ex-engineer accused of obstruction of justice.
beautiful jewelry!
what the fuck is star wars day lol
Playing kingdoms of amalur reckoning and its great best RPG ever played can't wait for the DLC
Yo females funny.
Few things brighten my day more than reading an email where a potential NCAA violation is admitted.
if having 5,6& 7 year olds in k class counts, then I've qualified 4 multi-age classrooms a few times n my career.
Hey, when you've got a hankering...
Washing clothes is a drag man....
Guys, relax, Jason Russell was probably just filming a bit for Jackass 4. Also, see: Ad Hominem.
Dance like nobody's watching. Love like you've never been hurt. Sing like nobody's listening. Live like it's heaven on earth.”
My BMI checks looking more and more like income tax checks!!
There's much to be greatful for.
I miss you more! <3
HEY TIFFANY. When are you bringing me the gauges? o:
Lol that and well I need to understand it. -_____________-"
lick everything you see
Found you through Looking forward to your tweets!
What is your favorite comfort food?
Thanks for following! Come in and see us sometime!
hm... its 1:52 I should probably go to sleep lol.. Good night everyone!
its the same as any other game. play it the same. if u do it any other way ur screwed.
So much laundry. My favorite way to spend the afternoon (sarcasm)
are u gonna ask her out on a date? Fine with me as long as u r payin!
Write what shooting the finale episode of One Tree Hill felt like.
Justin, GET. IN. MY. BED.
It's time to Salsa! See you at Madrigall tonight! Madrigall Martini Bar - 1627 Oak KCMO
HAPPY EASTER TO ALL....
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY SO HERE'S MY NUMBER SO CALL ME MAYBE <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
super boring day today hmp!
Damm I want some caldo with lemons and tortillas right about now!!
Where God has his church the Devil will have his chapel. - Spanish Proverb
I get approached by people who claim to be 'professional retouchers'. I don't like retouching.
Thanks for the #FF !Stay tuned for updates as over 3,000 CPS students celebrate being healthy &active tmrw at our Halloween Hustle
Everyone please go follow please4
Me too. Go outside
I can give you +100 followers ( must be following )
are you serious .
mornin friend how r u??
Getting ready for our #NYE ball tonihgt. Goodbye 2011. Here's to 2012.
I'm down!!
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
good(: bc i miss skyping you
well let me tell you! It's AMAZING! I'm loving it! <--thats what I would say if I actually was... -___-
Just be sure to get aforementioned turd insured.
Correction: SAGAFTRA. Shows how much I know about Hollywood acting unions
feelin some Italian food for dinner...#spaghettiitis :)
KiteFest Sat 4/21, 1-3 pm Balloon Fiesta Park - come out and support NM families with a loved one with developmental disabilities
so how do like your #TeamNikolette account? is it okay or...:/ =)
Fox confirms Santorum suspending campaign
BOUT TO HIT THE STUDIO AND START WORKING ON MY NEXT MIXTAPE DROPPING 9/11/12
Gotta love hanging out with librarians -- everyone wants to help, wants to share, and cites their sources.
yep yep. tell me why did i find my janet to damita jo dvd this morning. i'm going to play it when i get home.
i followed
So ready to wake up without an alarm tomorrow- I had one heck of a weekend!!
98-68 OKC on top of LAL, end of the 3rd. That's right, NOT the final score, but the end of the 3rd. Wowzers.
worked my full 8 hours today
Guy: go fuck 1direction Me: I'm trying to but it's hard to find them
Lawrence O'Donnell is going in on Zimmerman's attorney.
of HHS coming on like gangbusters at #govwebcon "Most of the smart people in the world don't work for you"
The Atlanta Hawks are about to defeat the Miami Heat. Up by 11 with 43 seconds left. It will be Miami's first loss this season.
No footmen!
Not sure if I can handle the disappointment of yesterday's The Ohio State game, and then watch the NY Jets game today...
Its nice knowing some ppl actually see something in me, like high spirit of God, and tht i am a role motel for everyones eyes to see :)
Sleeping off a migraine = bad way to polish off the weekend
these kids say crazy shit all the time.
Why follow Greg? Because if you don't you'll be uniformed and teased by Nadia Bjorlin. #FollowFriday (via )
Met at Detroit metro airport couple yrs ago. He signed a autograph for me in the bathroom. He One of the realist dudes I kno!!
Thanks for all the love ..the tweets are rolling in!! We really appreciate it -
I should have, and miss you to!!<3 and yes of course ;)
Unfortunately, it seems like Lindsey Lohan may end up like Marilyn Monroe...
Thanks for checking out our recycled glass content flooring!
Wow #glee. Love Kelly clarkson "cry"
Im wide awoke
Tired of frustrating/boring stories about the end of the #mnleg session? Watch my story at 6, it's unlike anything else you'll see.
Really prefer to spend quality leisure time browsing awful plastic surgery websites.
I'm convinced that 80%+ of California drivers don't know what to do at a flashing red light.
With all the questions you're asking, why don't you ask the teacher to take your quiz for you.
A good date ends with dinner. An excellent date ends with breakfast.
Aye we're rocking the RED tomorrow
nf Follow back please? :)
Owl City next week!!!! Backstreet Boys in June!!!! AH!!!!! <33333 I am so excited!!!!!!!!
Happy Monday lets make it a great week once again Redstar fans!!!
Audition tip #3: Never walk in already in character! Be the exact opposite! Simply put: Keep your mouth shut!
just giving you a hard time. Glad Michael got to hang out with Eloy. Glad to hear Eloy is such a great guy.
Huge series win for the Cats!
get your phone back
Good night! Sleep well...getting restful sleep is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle. It's even more important if you exercise :)
got offered the role of professor snape in the harry potter movies and did not get the part because he was way to mysterious!
lol she was way in the background and i had to rewind to look again, i thought is that peggy? didn't think so but had to ask
I believe you. Perfect day to ride. I need to come in to UEF soon to catch up.
Hey, It is important to spend from our values. found this and their site check it out & it's a conservative company
#FF Podcast/comedy heroes:
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to you because your birthday is in 3 days!(: love,Megan,Sammy&Jackie
VA CIO: infrastructure = cost. product development = investment. #CIOSurvey conference in DC. Hosted by TechAmerica.
I saw your WeSeed portfolio was down the other day. Are things looking up yet? :-)
Random nigga asking me how old I am
no kidding. Too bad we can't hit the snooze button and wake back up at the convention.
...To be negative at all times is to be threatened by ridiculousness and instant discredibility - Kurt Cobain (Part II)
My phone is effed up....
Where's my crime scene tape when I need it? My yellow lab has spilled the guts of my daughters stuffed elephant across the hardwood floor.
Why can't I sleep.
Took me like 5 tries to get the coke machine outside in Greenway Station to take my dollar. I forgot how finicky those things are...
I don't deal with change well... but cash will do just fine. ;)
i think this calls for a celebration! when is the next happy hour?
Why try so hard if I know I won't get far..
Welcome to the Intercommunity Justice and Peace Center's new Youth Educating Society (YES) Twitter!
Am I the only one who thinks Deena from Jersey Shore is ugly ? :o
8:26 - still in the office planning media buys and Tamara is selling that civil union photography package. Work ! They gon buy it
oh I c....well I guess that's ok lol
Great question! Sadly, Mr. Obama's absent, out pandering for votes somewhere. Turned out to be a typical politician.
: We're all Americans 1st & members of a certain party 2nd. It seems like we're elevating partisan agendas ahead of policy.
My wife is the best. Shes the pregnant one but she visited me at work and brought me a tasty mcdonalds bagel
:) how far in is the work? very exciting idea. do you have anecdotal findings at this point?
You're welcome! RT This is a special shout-out for the terrific for making magic happen! Thanks from the heart!
"Marketers need to spend less time making promises and more time keeping them."
I wanna hear Maroon 5 by themselves.
but that's actually a great drink!
There are few things I hate more than the sound of the ice cream truck. Especially when it parks outside my home for hours...
Who knew in Dec that this would be a preview of the Championship Game!
for STM purposes
but I bet your biceps look awesome
What is #confab12 ?
god morning
i look like a potato.
Thanks so much! xo
if only tweets could be longer then 140 characters i would shout some things to this fucked up world we live in
I didn't mean the k...
Watching the Documentary "One Day in September" about the 1972 Munich Massacre.
RT if you wanna have a late night convo.
Great attitude Will! #SpartanMomTweet Go get 'em! RT : I feel like I'm more prepared for what life has to offer each day
But , would NC have voted against it if had showed leadership on this before today? Just sayin.
Forgot my own phone number this morning. Apparently, you don't have to be a senior to have "moments."
Can't wait for #Bachelorette finale! #team JP
Johnny Cueto. His numbers won't blow you away, but seems to always give the Reds a chance to win.
which steel magnolia are you?
- MSS tried to lead, but TT would not follow.
Tunes Tueday - John Mayer.....anything. Who doesn't love some John Mayer.
someone texted me a reply & said, "You're a nasy M___F__er & U just need 2 wash that A*s better!" I have no clue who it was but
Cool things only happen when I DON'T have a camera.
Jesus. I've seen them both, but not together. Can't pay that much for anyone. Lame.
is it ok for couple to pick out the ring 2gather Does it spoil the surprise or reduces the hassle. Http://diamondstosilver.com
alright im diplomatic
Please just take him out already......Chiefs do not need to set a record for most picks...
After 7 dreadful loses, beat mahjong titans.
“: Yeah! its official!!! www.myspace.com/pennycoatsmusic”
Hello, hello! I love the TO, which library are you at?
Inexplicably wide awake. And with the Step by Step theme song stuck in my head.
Who are the retards seeing final destination movies? Can't believe they're on the fifth one :/
You dont win a MVP award. You earn it! Congratulations to
oh hai! So good to 'see' you! How are things? Congrats on the celebration in #CA today!!
Do you think it's Frank Martin? What happened with Gregg Marshall? Inquiring minds want to know!
Oprah is on Twitter, which means Twitter has officially made it. Ha ha
I have the world's worst stomach ache, I feel like I'm dying.
Thanks for the spreading the word!
The difference between success and defeat is you.I have very few true friends and associates.I am a born leader thats the price I pay.
holla at us and
No one ever answers my phone calls.
I'm Sydni and I love
When getting unfollowed I play the song " dust in the wind" and laugh ..
Branch Out on Facebook seems repetitious to LinkedIn. Agree?
Was home sick from elementary school that day when he did that. Saw the whole thing. It was miserable.
yessir. Some friends from Louisiana are bringing a solo show this year
dericious sausage gravy. Ate over a baguette that was getting hard, saved the bread perfectly! Had some sliced cuc as my veggie.
If you were stuck on a deserted island without beer (which would obviously really suck). What #beer (s) would you wish for most?
On the dock of that bay, servin' a life sentence. Even if i go to hell, I'm gonna make an entrance.
coming tomorrow
sorry I'm rooting for meeechigan for AJ sonnenberg.
Having trouble sleeping? Spritz lavender spray on your pillow & drink chamomile tea. #Acupuncture can help stop insomnia & soothe anxiety.
": There are going to be hard times in your life, but those hard times only make you stronger in the end"
likewise. See you soon!
The Ref's in this NCAA tournament have been horrible! I don't think they know what a "charge" is!!!!
just don't wear a bandana in gas America haha
First try at motion tracking...NOPE
How is it already 1:30?! There are simply not enough hours in the day.
go to school !
ok. You win. For now
Do you know what hate is, destiny or fate is, know what it's like to feel you can't make it?
I Wonder If I Can Talk To [His Name Here]... I Havent Thought About Him In 2 Whole Days.!!
Ugh, I hope not.... RT : is black lipliner making a comeback or something. geez.....
No Worries Have a great Afternoon Marie!
After watching #BGC8 I can see why you would jump in if anyone would attack either one of you. #TwinPower :)
I Guess thats what you get from East tho ! # Wanna Be Bad Females !!!(:
Gosh! Thanks for following me!
Get out & support #livemusic! Still a little #weekend left, and it's sunny outside.
Why on Earth does everything I have to do end up on the same days!?!?
Is now is the right time for you to refi or buy? We can help you find out. Call Mountain Trust Mortgage Services today at (858) 376-1299.
I guess the fancy prices are for the meet and greet part of the event thats what I saw online.
My stomach hurt wtf
If you were at Barney's Beanery in Santa Monica earlier today, we briefly met at the bar. Congrats again!
Up and at 'em! #why?
we probably need to. So, we wld know who Not to vote for n the future. We're suffering. They r benefiting.
Greetings to all on this crisp, cool Monday morning (here in Lubbock, Texas)! Spring is just around the corner, perfect time to start look…
Good Fight Today Maisie & Kayla ((: Anyways.. Hittin the sheets #tired!
um while Drogba is very attractive - I didnt need to see that - its to early in the morning
started another new song...not so sure...not so sure where the southern twang is coming from.
lmao this commercial always gets me! "doodle jump???" lol!
eh kind of a reach though couples or Melvin Ingram would have been awsome.
Watch channel 2 to see in denver
best series so far “: Can't wait for the gizz & clippers game it's gone be turnt up”
The school parking lot is weird at times... I'm just gonna put it that way.
Extremely exhausted from cheering on my Devils tonight. Goodnight! <U+E13C><U+E13C>
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SHOUTOUT TO <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
rainstorm would come and screw up the satellite right before my show I've been waiting on for weeks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
"Live out of your imagination, not your history." - Stephen R. Covey
“ I had a dream I had sex with my Ex last night. It had been a while so I showed her all my new moves.”
What do I do now?...
very busy and glad to be that way. Have a wonderful day!
#Mahomies are the best!
I told Mustafa my Clear Eyes would sting when he put them in
tgif to the make you smile crew team #GTTR have a great one
oh no, is she ok? I'm praying for her!
Here's a helpful fact - Granite is more resistant to bacterial contamination than any other solid surface, except stainless steel.
Hey! See you at the shindig tonight, right?
Enough of this bullshit. Doing great things today.
HAPPY SATURDAY! It's almost dinner time what are you going to do!? I suggest you head to the B, Open until 8!
One should always be wary of someone who promises their love will last longer than a weekend.~~~Quentin Crisp
Super excited to work with and today to help our DC community contribute to Wikipedia!
are you going to make it to the grid this season?
. + Just think about that for a second.
I seriously have the urge to just start balling my eyes out. Idk I don't wanna fuckin be here
Caps win... Check, Nats win.... Check.... Steak For sure!!
No one hates sacramento more than I do.
Lupia. To win attention, you must imply a large change in pleasure or pain (urgency) and prevail over proximate others.
"you're"
Listening to Thunder Road, down the highway :)
Child-rearing is my main interest now. I'm a hands-on father.
ellen beat yur lope! Criminal!
It takes some getting used to, but I've seen results with some excercise. Hard with twins to get in full workout daily
Make sure to check out our new product page on LinkedIn!
on the way to meet my Disney rep at Eddie Merlot's.
Hi Priscilla! It's for $2,500. There are also other townhouses available. Let me know if you're interested!
Ash played on the roof top at Center on Halstead! So cool! Farewell, Kat! We will miss you! Thank you~
haha same. Lmao. I've always wanted to be a singer/actress. But I have MAJOR stage fright.
Ughh that just ruined my night.
My daughter, Makayla, is on Avail for 2 commercials!!!!
She say....Smooth why you thug me like that?
thank you for working with us and being a trooper in the shade for the interview!
We'll #drink to that! RT : sure it's a Monday BUT it's "National Kahlua Day"
rewatching season 2 of #dragrace, 's BLACK VELVET definitely goes on the list of all time greatest LSFYLs.
OCC suggests departing MAX @ Morrison for Central library. Try Blue MAX Galleria/SW 10th Ave. stop. Only a block or two from there
I seriously can't get over how good the Avengers movie was!!!! Only Joss Whedon can make a movie like that
Our Prayers are with you. Treat yourself well, remember to breathe. Love and light to you!
Now that is a great set
MP3's have nearly destroyed music. Nothing like the FULL CD (WAV) version of a song. It makes a difference.
i wish that i had more than 10 fingers and 10 toes so that i could paint them more pretty colors.
and delivered from homosexuality
Done workin' for tonight. Now to watch some Aqua Teen and be a jackass....TO THE MAX!!!
The purpose of our lives is to be happy. Dalai Lama
What's a cool hairstyle for guys? I'm ready to try something new. It can be short or long.
I made the cutesy cupcakes ever, I don't want anyone to eat them now! hahahahaha.
make sure to rest up, u may need some xtra energy and your running shoes with the presence of a certain individual this wknd
GUYS FOLLOW NOW!
My first free Friday night and I'm sitting here watching guard videos and catching up on #VeronicaMars. Way to go, me.
Keep it up! Good cause!
chris brown merked the fck out of rihanna in his theraflu freestyle, my god.
Always makes me SMILE <U+2665>
“: you are nuts lol” Im not nuts, I'm strong & they say beauty is pain so I must be beautifying my foot lol
RT Travel to Belize is up 67%. Guess we all love the end of the world good year for
how youz doing dog
Probably the least irritating thing P. Diddy has ever done, being a prop in a dunk contest.
I wish the guy behind me would stop talking to himself.... pass your dr enuf back here
I'd be shocked if doesn't win #TheVoice after that performance. Amazing talent!
I miss so much of the past, a lot of good memories.. </3
I wouldn't mind monogamy if it were a truly free choice, not an expectation. /via
I think a lot of my friends on need a
Fuck you for once again not texting me back
If a relationship ends, whether marriage, or a boyfriend/girlfriend thing breaks up; for crying out loud, there is always the chance.......
Thank you supporters!!! Now let's PARTY! Meet me, and on the dance floor. #SEIPDX #WellsFargoHere+Now
I texted an insult to a client thinking it was a friend. They share the same name.
thank you thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
You ask me why I'm acting like this obviously it's because I don't love you anymore
Live truth instead of expressing it.
You can still find it! Sunday morning at the Raspail organic market there is a great raw milk vendor from Burgundy.
Everyone complains about formulaic songs on the radio, yet they continue to dominate the air.
He who hesitates is lost. Proverb
I love your song drank in my cup
¡Buenos días! <U+2615>“: Good morning AM Tweeps. We are getting this Tuesday started ! 5-7am Let's rock !”
Wandy Rodriguez having a great start in his first start back from the dl
I'm your friend :3
*this is me laughing out loud*
DBU Sports--Men's and Women's Golf Teams are at the Heartland Conference Championship today!
Tickets are going fast for #9! Get yours now, before it’s too late! ttp://su.pr/8fhYwI
Just watched #Votto's grand slam again. He was choked up 2 inches on the bat on the slam swing.
I can't here u it's to dark! Lol
I wish!! Give me another year. I just learned a new chord.
Was losin' all my friends Was losin' them to drinkin' and to drivin' Was losin' all my friends But I got 'em back.
That was the most ridiculous moving screen ever by Princess Bosh
I cant wait tell this weekend
miss u too brother ,I'm assuming u graduated so congrats :) . u coming to US this year too ? The graduation ceremony is May 26
You know I want to reach #Survivior badly ! Would literally go nuts ! Hee ! Hee !
RT DJ MIM's Chocolate City Mix debuts on TOMORROW at 4pm. Keep it locked with !<---Check this out
he can? still not enough points to compensate for being stupid.
Almost #saturday that means #college #football!!!!!!!
RT : Happy Hour today from 3pm to 6 pm!!!
I find myself saying that at least once per episode.
Woohoo! Congrats, big sister! Where is that located? They'll be lucky to have you.
If you've had a chance to visit the new shop.... tell us your favorite part about it? I bet I can guess what your all gonna say!!! ;)
I thought that at first, but it's wildly divergent.
you don't have a gigantic forehead!:)
thanks for the RT <U+2665>
HAPPY NEW YEAR friends, thanks to everyone who came out to the SOLD OUT , we are having a blast !!
Saturday nights the regular station does JCTV!
Highschool , I hate it
Remember when you shut the fuck up? Me neither but want to make a memory?
I have 17 followers! I feel so proud of you guys :D thanks!!! Check out my videos if yah want @ www.youtube.com/jessikahrawr1 thanks :D
so glad we got catch up today ,even if it was half eaten smelly dinosaurs ;)
well maybe peyton finally told him to buck up! I just shudder to think what happens when they see a rainbow
Finally back on the ice!
Jackie the ripper?
Not only The Scream painting, but one with a custom Munch painted frame, too.
At this very moment...I'm in love...
In Chicago! Who's here?!
hope you have fun :-)
45 min. to game time. Get your team in. FreeiPad2 to the winner. Check us out and big thanks to our Fans. www.playffnow.com
happy birthday Madie have a good one
Hahaha just saw my future girlfriend haley renken at sports authority!!
I loved her scene with Lane; they are pretty sweet together.
When you're at someone's house and you look under their sink, instead I look into their shower
so now then?
And I remember thinking I was the next big thing while dancing to Cierra's 1, 2 Step. And listening to Gwen Stefani. I've grown up to fast..
Soccer is stupid. Stooooooooopid.
Sprained ankle... :(
I'm tryin!
a photo shoot and to hang out with some friends and family!
Hi Reid, like to discus how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived. Follow 2 DM?
hurry up and wake up!
Who's a better start at WR this week....Marques Colston or Mike Williams (TB)??
you bet. I'm a fan of I'm in Culver City regularly. Lets grab coffee sometime?
Remember when the only justice our society strove for was blind?
Ahh I see this is what I get for scanning!!
Today's 'Scaling the Mountain' has been RESCHEDULED 2 Oct 4 @ 5:30 @ Century Plaza. Same great story tellers, same great FREE beer.
Super fun mentoring intro students on their evaluation plans! You guys are so smart!!
got my soda eventually watched the sox kick azz :) 13-8 or something. now its tv time watching angel lately. love it!
by seconds, was driving back from Mequon...It's ok, I laid where the truck usually parks for a few minutes. Next time;)
UGH. I thought you were my best friend!
Congrats, Grant. It's a wonderful achievment... Also congratulations on take off from GH. We will miss seeing you.
congrats on final 3..actually interviewed with you 3 years ago.big fan of you,chef cole, uchi and uchiko..good luck(even tho its over)
needs a NEW roommate! One of mine moved out! If you are even remotely interrested get at me A.S.A.P.!!! :-) (Very cheap flat rate!)
What a great day!
Don't forget to put in your orders for football doughnuts today! They are the perfect addition to your #Superbowl party this Sunday.
": idk anything about that other phone called a galaxy">its the NEW phone wit att!
Going to ask the bike coordinator about it
thanks to everyone who came to #BGSmiami last night! We did a great job of "building more" at the Moore building!
Will you have the new Wisconsinite beer from Lakefront Brewery soon? I just heard about it from
Be sure to stop and check out lululemon's grand opening today and this weekend. We will take care of the music!
hey Nate dogg... WHY SO SERIOUS??
Home improvement - Coeur d'Alene Press
What up WB? I aint been on here in a min. Whats good with ya?
Tonight! 8pm, NYC: , , , are all waiting to make you !
It's official: I was wished "Happy Mother's Day" if I was a mother. Yikes. Thank you?
I take my charger with me EVERYWHERE
I'm on a mission.. I'm gna try it out..soon enough.
should we get Thai food tonight? Hm?
Turn on the cooking chanel....and Diners,etc...is repeating the guy Guy you know.....from Chicago......
a shallow bowl.
Cruising down Muldoon at 1 am
I guess that y I'm so fucked up in da brain
#yeah buddy #teamgiants Game Over
I have to tell you I read that as "fuckin' a dude" meaning "I am currently fuckin' a dude" and I didn't understand at all.
thanks for your tweet but not clear if you wanted a free copy of the ibook for kids Too Many Visitors?
awesome, I'm almost home too
Last Chance! See "Let Your Motto Be Resistance!" @ Historical Society of Saginaw County and the Castle Museum, MI, before it closes on 4/29.
Don’t eat anything you wouldn’t want to eat for the rest of your life because what if you die during that meal?
I can't wait for all of our missions coming up
Well, that was rather short-lived. Makes one wonder: What the hell is going on there?
I had a great day today now I'm resting until later
Have you subscribed to Now What? with Robbie and Assad yet? Well, you should. Go! Now! Please!
More data coming soon.. “: Daily Kos will be going back into the field (with , natch) to test #WIGov this weekend
someone carried me, of course! Lol
Nope - most likely 3.5% will do you, and FHA does accept a little lower credit score. Talk to - mortgage guy.
Good Morning world... Will be seeing avengers tonight! Fosho<U+270C>
Yeah I know! thanks for caring :) though. You're a wonderful twitter friend! Love ya girl.
I heard Harry Styles has a new Girlfriend -_____-
Do not ever judge me, cause you will be highly disappointed to find out I am not who you want me to be.
Love your show!
You can turn a hoe into a house wife, I've seen it, that's just an excuse to fuck em without feeling bad.
Just gutted by this news. Maurice Sendak was such a big part of my kids life when they were smaller.
I want Stephen Hill in the second round. Or Devier Posey. Or Cyrus Gray.
how the hell do you promise me some shit just to give everything to someone else that is
Thnx for RT & tweets! So dude, you're not worried about getting blacklisted? I need you at the Jolie-Pitts shindig next week! LOL!
Greg why'd you step into this? You had no need leave It to them
I agree.. RT : I'll just go ahead and say this.... Quit having children if you're not married...
Morning,getting ready to eat breakfast!yum!
¤ Failure establishes only this, that our determination to succeed was not strong enough. John Christian Bovee
Thanks sir. Sorry for my delayed response. Hope we can collab at some point.
and it can't spell anything
january or february's?? and what page??
Toyota Four-Runner, Nissan X-Terra or Pathfinder.
Nice! That looks cool :)
I am so happy to have not lost power during this winter storm
Wow another divorce in Hollywood.. That's new
ok wht up
thank you hopefullyy that helps a little how long did it take you to get that manyy??
The last month of school always goes by the slowest
I love you more Bella <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Freaky Friday the 13th is a good day to begin to Make Good no matter the cost. The Good things in life is made from all that comes our way.
Just get me out of traffic, please, now.
Recording "Travelscopes" on PBS this afternoon. Awesome special on Taiwan's Tea Road. Definitely worth the watch!
He's writing a book about the 2010-2011 Miami Heat?
Ahh... Im tired but hw awaits
haha ok when
The Bay City Walkers
#IamAStanBecause he told us he felt like he let us down with Relapse, even though it's a good album... He only wants the best for us
if you tweet like 800 times in an hour or some guideline like thst you get blocked from tweeting for lkike a day
Welcome Mexico.
yes! Congrats guys!!!
And then the ph rang: im gonna sponsor your project!!!!! Omg this is what ive prayed for
Writing an archaeology paper. I don't really understand what is going on...
Still, I hate doing that! My apologies! I'll do that. :)
Happy 1st day of spring! Although from where I'm sitting, it's kind of hard to tell.
Last group run for the year!
I agree with Lauren. Jill, you're best to stay away from Simon. He's creepy.
My kids think you can jump safely from any height if you just put some pillows down first. It's like an episode of Looney Tunes around here.
A heart speaks louder than the color - Ben Harper
My rep is a reptile, now later alligators
I WILL learn how to play guitar this summer!
It feels good after a long day to rub your eyes and feel your makeup smear, but not care.
Time to push. Another long day ahead of me. I am not looking forward to it. There could be worse things though.
oh ok
I agree with you about Bella and she,s funny!!!!!!
no no no, you're weeding out the assholes!
The shit we travelers have to deal with, and all because some people want to blow up planes
You can tell when old people have fake teeth in.
The people on the flight to #Seattle look like extras from
woah RT My inbox says Rev3 has been acquired by Discovery. Smart move, congrats , , and co!
gah you're so lucky you get to see it first haha
After getting no less than 20 spambot follows this weekend...I'm protecting my tweets
RT : Everyone has either UConn or Yale apparel. Even if they didn't go to college.
ha, I swear I'm slow! ;D
On season 2 of Dexter and officially hooked! Can't wait to watch the season finale tomorrow night!
Nice! Congrats. Nick and I would love to meet up in SF.
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.
And now to the public library for a book sale!
I was actually disappointed that this tweet is the only one with this hashtag. I was expecting some really awful stories.
ouch, but payday will be nice.
Avengers or Patron?
I take five minutes and come out with nothing, we can teach each other
Share your most recent wine discovery! Yesterday I sipped on some Domaine Drouhin Chablis 2009. Yum!
I just distributed 90 yards of topsoil around the low spots on my property and, now, watching the grass grow!
getting ready to drop another single people! get ready!
Alcatraz Locksmith is ready to roll...Good Morning and good monday!
1.Whos Your Biggest Inspiration. 2.Whats You Favorite Home Cooked Meal 3.Do You Know Who Tim Tebow Is?
Alright United Airline, let's try this one more time.
let me know when u tryna go!!!
I hate people I hate.
so wuts up
Good thing #UFC145 has an official corn snack - I eat #CornNuts to help me with my ass kicking
It's raining and I'm listening to Death Cab for Cutie... it's a great day
right guys.
Kamara has another cigar moment...as in close but no cigar
You were close by won that contest, thanks so much for playing, you rock!
Tonights featured Dj at is non other than its on let's show our support Nashville!!
Im Probably About To Be Out Of Here Soon Probably Get On The Bus At 4:37
is back!
i honestly don;t even want to go to school because of these kids. seriously leave me alone/
no its my friends
So do I change my scripts title? It does sound a little too similar to me.
Noel Gallagher is so fucking epic!
Thanks for the follow KUMI "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
<U+E03E><U+E326>It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday everybodys looking forward to the weekend weekend! Friday Friday kicking back on Friday every
i miss you too.!!!! Justin go away :p lol
Merry Christmas!!
The Twilight Saga: New Moon' actor said his hectic work schedule means he never gets time to relax at home in London.
it very well could be.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for.
Blue Bell Christmas Cookies Ice Cream = OBSESSED!
Sunday Slacker Show & Shine Tommy Rockers daytime beer garden | 12-5pm Saturday April 21. Sunday Slacker will host a Show and Shine.
I was excited to get a DM from you until I realized ditto.
Bike Share program will start on #indy Cultural Trail in April 2013: Brian Payne of CICF
When I'm lazy i just retweet people
Is it true that Bosh out for the rest of the playoffs indefinitely b/c menstral cramps? #YESmaybe LoL
Thanks for the RT. Hope you can join us on Saturday! Did I mention fire spinning, roots reggae, world surf rock?
Wow! That was a long time ago. I'm glad I said something positive:) Thanks for the kind words re: Grub.
new icon and BG
Brady was on fire this week
The Greater Man upstairs don't like an arrogant whelp with an outrageous sense of entitlement. It's god's mysterious ways when u lose, eh?
happiness is hating you
..Must watch some B1A4 teaser to pep myself up after this long day.
thanks for the RT!
hahahh i laughed... and laughed some more
Hope everyone has their biked tuned up! Tomorrow is National Bike to Work Day and let's represent Rice strong
lol she left anyways to attend a funeral.
Waiting for a follow back from u is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow back?? Yes..no damn :,( I try
Fashion fades, but style is eternal
bbq tonight. txt me if you want in on this
Saturday and Sunday enjoy our Excellent “all you can eat” brunch with {aweawesomeosas.
Aww! What a good mummy. :)
Packers, Brewers, and Soul...Woo, What a weekend!
All I want is to find my mother a plush yellow bathrobe. Why is this so hard??
There is a tracker jacker in my room :x
At #SocialMedia metrics discussion at #smcli by hosted by
I like that one.
So excited!! I was thinking, though, we'll need to do some work on Sunday :-)
DOING THIS
going though my purse is like going though a timemachine..
People that don't know how to freaking drive <<<
tired of hurting slowly learning
For some reason, I don't believe that.
Why the hell does twitter keep changing over to something I hash tagged everytime I try to go back to home?.
Are any of you planning to watch TED live next week?
A great place for a gloomy day pick-me-up!
I thought that same thing about this morning's traffic (future of SD) took 45 min to go 8 miles, 52 @ 15 to UTC
Oh ya lol but I had two because I have friends lol
Sad to miss the #beerrt. formally deputized to give my Council liaison report.
It's so childish to create drama on twitter especially when your not going to confront then in person"he broke your heart"<U+E023>newsflash your 15
Twitter is dead and school is going by so slow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Come on
ooh why thank you ms. Almondjoy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
That doesn't sound good. Been in #nightcourt and it's the 7th Circle of Hell...
everyone is happy except you come on chill,take a nap and rejoice,becoz laughter adds more days to your life
Always happy to share what few nuggets of wisdom I possess.
can't argue with a 72-yard pass. big blue earned it. we didn't.
sorry i havent been on much. i was in Provo Utah for the weekend. So what did i miss
I eat m&m's by color.
Did I seriously just get in trouble for using the lords name in vain
What are you doing for your birthday??
can u what
Chapter 2012 Page 126 of 366 Lessons to be learned in both winning and losing.
haha id probably do the same thing lol
*screaming* why does my work computer always freeze up on me when I'm doing something important!!!!?
Watching love seeing doing a great job thus far in Browns camp. Guy was great on
Building relationships when not pitching super impt RT : Keep your trade pubs as allies in PR
Wow. Huge news. RT : Sadness and joy. RT : Congrats to , soon to be joining the staff of
I have a feeling I'm gonna win the mega millions, so I guess I can join the millions of folks who also think they are going to win...
If u gonna tell us 2 follow sum 1 make sure they follow back¡¡¡
True! Very small percentage of my friends or circle are even concerned with legalization of marijuana
In bed but not sleepy : /
4 questions to ask for transformation #1 What has God done for us?
And Daniel Boulud said this at the Film Society of Lincoln Center Gala Tribute Honoring Catherine Deneuve
Just watched latest episode of The Walking Dead. We hardly knew ye, #Dale -- R.I.P. Gonna miss Jeff DeMunn on the show
You're a great actress I wish you all luck in the world
Omg who said I fucking believed him god people chill the f out! Ugh! Now seriously buhh byee
i love it very much miss u guys on tv
New Year's Eve!! Reserve your table yet? 973 589 2801
People need to grow the fuck up. You say you've changed, so prove it.
Unless Kobe goes for 81 again then I don't see them beating OKC
I'm not even all the way done with it and I think it's one of my favorite new albums!
CHECK OUT MY VIDEOS I JUST TWEETED SHIT CRAZY
At least it wasn't wine and Chinese food like last week.
So they probably lose another 100 eh?
I know :( its so sad.
Welcome #Peyton to the #Broncos family!!! We are happy to have a consistent quarterback with the ball! Best of luck to #Tebow!
one of those guys is the greatest defensive player ever. the other's sole goal in life was to never foul out of a bball game
We now offer wireless monitoring, no need for a phone line. Arm/disarm your alarm with your phone. Alerts sent to your phone.
You cant scare me stick it in the union
Who ordered the poopoo platter?
Lemme kno if it's good. I'm gonna watch One For the Money RT : Think ima finally succeed in watchin The Vow tonight
# vegan Greatest talk ever by Dr Neal Barnard today @ PDX VegFest He rocked the house so hard it was SRO for truth, peace & health Go Vegan!
Laughin at a comment a friend made "ppl with twitter pages, who read tweets, or tweets, should kill themselves with a small spoon" lol
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!!!
Disk storage has had unpredictable performance ever since DRAM caching came out in the 80's #SSSS1 ...
When I get paid imma treat myself I need to b alone
Doing a strictly reggae set at today 2-5p. Mention my name for smooth entry …
Come by secret gentlemens club. Im here til 2am.
Testing… this should work.
Just landed back in the MIA from an AMAZING trip to Punta Mita MX well needed!!!! But as always
Niagara is so bad 95% of America questions if we have even have a basketball team or just an intimidating intramural team
Blondes also belieb i dont care if justin prefers brunettes 1 of justins 1st girlfriend was blonde,TAYLOR SWIFT!& U Smile video gurl!
I Fangirl all day every day, I take my job seriously.
Almost 500 likes? Psh, lets go for 1,000. Please "Suggest" this page to all of your friends and family!
Belittling others, you did not rise.
Spoke to our School Safety Specialists today. Thanks to all who make sure all our children are safe and ready to learn!
So sleepy today, 5 o'clock please hurry!
Drinking wine, a dull knife, and a slippery round orange gourd...this should be safe!
Ok, we admit it. What do you do when you make adults cry?
just got home form TX had a great time filming for Germain TV at the cutie patootie pageant I won grand supreme
Naw im not
I'm sayinnnn “: #Pisces compliments you. They are the missing part which makes you whole..”
Pasties and panties show TBA
No grace don't!?! RT : She got a du rag on tho -__-
you should always love your mother
Riding a motorbike to friend's villiage today in search of the best Bali coffee!
Yeah... And you wonder why I don't have friends... Lol... I give their grandma's heart attacks
Nice. Facilitate negative press for your own school. Doesn't even bother going through the tip line...
the Yankees < they suck.
defending rather obvious-seeming claim that nonsense is funny/silly/trivial in advance of epic swamp-camping outing Sat-Mon
That's Not Fair!
I always feel unimportant to my friends. no matter how much i do for someone...they never notice...
Yeah, I got this. *Music comes on* omq why can't I do this correctly?!
Today's BTU inspiration: "Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness." ~Frank Tyger
Pandora's box was busted wide open after the first lawsuit was filed. Plaintiffs' lawyers saw explosive facts re alleged fraud.
WHY oh why are my nipples always so hard?
Support your local community and shop locally this holiday season! AZHG has supported the local community for 20 years and counting!
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system. -P.J. O'Rourke
Still an amazing game, and USA was awesome. Congrats Japan.
how much for exclusive rights
She's faking
I did not know that. All the more reason for it to be open for use.
what is up with CMU lately, it is constantly down, sellers have got to be getting frustrated
Thanks Loren!!
Just met the head of software development QA. He is totally in the super duper details. Is it just me, or are QA and UX going to be BFFs?
they had to end transformers series for good cuss you weren't in it lol
Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.” <U+2015> Rumi
you win! DM me your email address and you'll get a ticket link :]
Finally placed the order for Kickstarter stickers, designed by my main man Check out his website/blog: www.charliewagers.com
Easter, pfft... It's all about the Cadbury's Creme Eggs.
daaaaaaaamnnnnnnn. I didn't see that coming
Big test today and i didnt study at all ah D:
Our last concert will be June 4th! Come join us! www.huellaslatinasconcertseries.com
we need a Omarkelly show of some type ... LOL , talk about jordans , nfl , rap...ect
Might I recommend Goldman-Sachs elevator gossip.
Happy New Month!
Woo Hoo! GE just planted tulips & daffodils with the help of student & parent volunteers Mesa. I can't wait til spring!
glad you get those job perks!!
I am a peacock, you gotta let me fly!!!!!
LOL okay :-) I had to stop using mine until I have a dishwasher. Needs a non-detergent run & don't want to take it to my parents
Apparently I was a slacker this week on the blog. Back to the regular schedule next week! Yes we're still at the Cully Community Market tmrw
#WeWontWork if you don't take me out on a date LBVS
"Every person who has mastered a profession is a skeptic concerning it." ~George Bernard Shaw
Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit - Vince Lombardi. Get up and get moving, don't give up!
knows whats up. Look at her last tweet.
13 yrs ago at the Excalibur Hotel & Casino, & I were married. So far, the odds have been in our favor.
RT : thx! Love your videos! <Thanks! Now following
#truth is I love you <3
#Joker didn't get much respect ... hope he has a good year ... I
and hey, if you're looking for a texting buddy...(;
Hello, Twitter friends! Been so involved with the BIG MOVE haven't had much online time. Going to be this way for a few weeks.
so we let them play in the league games and the first teamers in all of the cup/Europa league games?
My sis Bday bash<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> Tomorrow Savagelife.ent also in the building with the lovely ladies of #EnvyMeEnt!!! Come join us
"WELL ID SEND RYAN TO YOUR HOUSE, THEN ID MAKE JUSTIN AND NATHAN BE BROTHER HUSBANDS"
I'm Fucked Up In The Head.
thanks girl! Hopefully we can go to Catskills memorial day weekend!
COMING SOON - Vote for your FAVE Twitter charities to receive all sponsorship proceeds #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
": Laughing improves creativity and alertness."
We've missed you too! :)
": I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you..."
I think guys should wear skinny jeans
maybe they are - the candy corn is purportedly made in usa, though.
Listening to on "The Drive" with Carl Dukes on 97.5 here in H-Town
giving people jobs always makes me happy
the anniversary party was a shit show. it's getting to big. expect a way to big crowd. i think this will be its yr.
Even worse, isn't the state going to charge you for that multiple times? Stupid new law.
En route to see the boyfriend ! #HappyValentinesday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
:) ...and I'll happily take any support you offer. I have lots of good stuff, and I can't wait to start releasing it!
Idk I'm bored!
Yes , Frank!?
know it.
Have you ever had one of those "devine intervention" moments? A car just cut me off on 85 & I lost control of my car. Glad nobody was hurt.
shut up, you look lovely darling <U+E329>
cause I'm a bitchface
Good times! I appreciate you and John coming out to enjoy the tunes. :o)
forcing myself into an evening run
I'm with you. Add that into the mix and I'm just unbearable to be around. Lol
Break up "false start": When a couple says all the right break up phrases, stare angrily at each other in silence, then change the subject.
so excited for #BckstageRush !<3 love you!
I didn't get your email, please send again.
A2. Sun & Mon for industry oriented evenings & Thurs for the dirty experimental #EDM that shows it's face then. Weekends are cray.
Mal 3:5 "So I will come near to you for judgment. I will be quick to testify...against those...who oppress the widows and the fatherless..."
Minneapolis sky way system too cold
r u a guy or girl
Wow - even Bruiser the Bear rocking the #electricity uni. That's new.
12/2/2010 5 Social Media Mistakes That Hurt Your Sales Social Media Examiner
Ariel sure is making certain that I get my moneys worth out of this Chronicles of Narnia flick.
and you should keep it that way for many reasons
Yup just forget about ur best friend..no biggie. Lol prolly the worst feeling ever.
Anyone else having issues with the BTN? Sad.
will i ever get a follow back?? your fellow Dallas friend! <3
where the party at las Vegas?!?! Lol
More #StephenKing On #Writing: "...I don't believe WITH A HAMMER HE KILLED FRANK will ever replace HE KILLED FRANK WITH A HAMMER."
Missy Higgens is opening for , never heard her music before, but very much enjoying it
Mark Kanemura can be my Hawaii Monster guy friend (: but I'll never talk to him and he isn't moving back to Hawaii xD
Among the issues in Apple/Daisey mess are crucial genre ?s. gets it power from genre bending/mixing but this is always risky.
wow baby that sounds like a fantasy!!! i love it!
Its hot O:
I believe it. Most kickers are suspect. Pulling for Brady's to tie Montana's # of SB wins.
Lessons from political movements in North Africa? How might an African Spring look different?
Round 3 at #AAJATriviaBowl coming up.
Crib slats shouldn't be more than 2 3/8 inches apart (width of soda can). All new cribs must meet this standard.
Your feminism post? Right. On. Will def. reference it with my students (I teach women's studies).
as a matter of fact a guest dropped a 1985 merlot lastnight... :-(
Looking fwd to joining and the #LPCO Northern Region EDAs on Mar 26 in #Sudbury to facilitate a SWOT wrkshp. Join us!
happy birthday doll
SKC does seem a bit off so far, is it the turf or what??
I hear that! rt bathlander I've been attending talks on Linked Open Data/Semantic Web since 2008. I think it *might* be starting to make
#TheresNoWayInHell I'll Eva go out dressed better den my daughter..if I'm fly..SHE ASTRO!
How much do you love that you can order your food easily online?
Just spent 2hrs mtg w/ a new-veteran lib med spec who just went from middle to elem. Glad I'm not in her shoes!
Miss you babe, can't wait to see you.
Self preservation people
Who learning about
i just peered into my jacket pockets in hopes of finding cash in there. a $20 would be a welcome find.
Yes! Nice catch.
Haiku on Advent Silence: Done with all this din. Soft sigh, savouring small silences: Waiting for the Word.
Crazy night last night in puerto rico. Woke up in the house my mission trip was working on...
i think it "clangs" when you hit some one with it LOL.
Happy birthday, #Facebook!
I tried that, but is the type that kills the messenger.
I did omg I'm so sorry it's also when I type wast I don't really check my spelling when I'm writing & autocorrect 2
listening to Rick Astley on hold with the internet company... what happened to that guy? "Never gonna give you up, Never gonna let you down-
I'm just walkin without being led
*-But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in-*
I dont have your number :(
he-man woman haters club! one of my faves!.
drink whiskey-bacon-hot-chocolate, in a snow fort? :D
E-commerce collection network Kinek signs up three US e-retailers - Post and Parcel
not at the moment, unfortunately! We're moving to LA this week, should be there by tomorrow evening!
Thank you Nicole :)
Who iPad is up an running Yayness. It's a Bruce Wayne kinda night. I'm feeling tech savy right about now.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Just to see you smile I'd do anything
You think Dion could be a lottery pick?
Hi Ashante! Are you going to come check out 4PM Magazine's newest Issue this Saturday @ Tutto/Notte?
hi ! have you had a chance to look over the applications? I'd love to meet with you!
its Gonna cost ya lol
There's a huggy hippie bond i'm feeling with anybody sitting outside right now.
So true. It is about engagement not monologue.
That has to mess up your alignment hitting one of those dont ya think?
using google maps to travel through Germany, then having skype convo's about WW2 is prolly not the best idea before bed, weird dreams ensue
I'm going to the Louisville one. Oct 28.
WHO IS ONLINE ?
Showalter: "stuff like that will be something they'll reach back for and get better as a result of it" HUH??
Patriot, the American scream!
heard me n bjs championship song?
What did I do faster? Each an entire bag of chips or read the Hunger Games?
steve, are you coming to Colorado again soon. I'd like to meet you.
you know how he gets when he's really hungry!
yes, TV ad (aired on Fox during preseason football). can't find it on youtube yet; must be new? was very funny; won't spoil.
No sex with anyone in the same office.
I can't wait to sleep in a real bed again
Striving to be better than yesterday.. Good Morning!!
Shocker with an awesome 25 points in the last jam! 3 minutes left to play: Hurtin' 274 - 93.
Today is the 10 year anniversary of TLC's Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes death... what are your memories of her?
dude. Fuck yes. Those movies are amazing. Jean Reno is a bamf.
Focus on language that can be verified. Avoid words in press pitches like "fabulous" or "exquisite"
“: "What does based mean? *blows in the mike*" - #NYULilB”
On the way it's the Monday morning Match up, match the hit song with the product at 978-1023 and win... listen to Generations 1023 or 94 1
Zakk wylde's guitar is in my favorite restaurant :)
The best birthday present for me would be, to meet Ariana! But well, today is YOUR Birthday! l-l-l-l-l-ove youu!
TRANSFER TO PITT. RT Yeah, after college just move up here.
Forgetting to take your coconut water to #BikramYoga = light headed city!
Leaving yoga last week, hung back w/ another over-50. Fascinated how many people called to him as we walked down W.72nd St. to the subway.
I couldn't agree more!!! Get a fricken life!
Thinkin I might pierce my nipples whatcha think?
id love to? How can I? (;
you know i cant either
Hehe, our founder is originally from DC! East Coast + West Coast love!!
Similarly, if you get divorced on January 2, you will need to file jointly (or married filing separately) for the prior year.
I'm so ready to go home its cray...
Late night Taco Bell with my main boy Gonna miss this kid.
Super disappointed I missed last night at the :( I hope he comes back again soon!
Every second in my life was leading up to this very moment right here.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
If watching the primary tonight, I would ditch cable channels & go to WGN -- they have Chicago local coverage, better source for IL returns
R U a Georgia Catholic? How do U feel about the birth control mandate? email:
Redtail Records & Keen1 , release the new Cd "Time for Change" on Itunes,Amazon,Napster,Rhapsody,CD Baby, Just Google To find more..Today
About to be a long 3 days before I head out to San Diego.
How many Clevelanders plan to purchase a Danny Granger jersey?
#MUCat voices of experience: when Blackboard explodes, call tech support.
:) I thought that email address looked familiar. Thinking about my counter offer.
Beiser: This is the right thing to do for the kids, a more rational response
Pierre thanks for following!
ha, how's that?
is it too much to ask for a simple follow and make me happy ? I love you please follow me !! <3
Austin is moving to Miami? I'm happy for him to pursue his career further, but I know him as my Texas boy </3
That's fine, only if its a plenary session and it can be all about optimizing SPARQL queries. Take that, fluffy conference! ;)
You belong to me, I belong to you.
BRAND NEW!! Great song. :)
I want an icee.
"damn i'm nasty. I mean, you make me nasty.".
I agree he knows he can keep stepping up his game before the league... Honestly wouldn't be surprised if lamb and Teague stay
I don't mean to imply that you are either ignorant or a bandwagon jumper. I hope you didn't take it that way.
Tim Janis Blanketed In Snow (GSD Version)
Did you know that unlike most delivery drivers S2YD drivers use heat bags that plug into the car to ensure in-house quality.
he moved in with me <3
It makes absolutely no sense that live Masters coverage doesn't come on for hours. What's the deal ?
Thx friends! RT : thank you for the wishes. Today's weather definitely sets the tone! Hoping you have a great week as well.
Omg you made my day. I thought I was the only one who found others showers confusing..lol
Fandom is SERIOUS BUSINESS. ;)
I saw someone say earlier "some people need to just crawl in a hole and rot to be honest" ...i think i agree...ha
why thank you
Listening to the new Brendan Bendon AND the new Jack White in the Offices today.
Forecast for Today: Showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms in the morning. Then scattered showers and...
lol i know I have said the same thing! Dice K was eating fried chicken and playing video games. Lol
Just to Getaway out of Slabtown and put in Pinball Magic.
10/11. Not sure which newscast it will be tonight.
using flexbox instead?
your on a roll, just do it.
Finally starting to watch Game of Thrones. Looks like I found my summer TV show.
your last day was today lol
Habitat 4 Humanity meeting today @ 5 in the admin room 304! Come out or go join a loser club
I think having my gall bladder removed felt better than this cold/flu mess. Please go away I have work to do!
I'd send you guys an online submission about your blog but I didn't get a response. Is there a better email to use? Thank u.
you're awesome! It's one of my favorites, too!
I'm a Brooklyn boy. I was born in Brooklyn, New York, and raised there, and spent most of my childhood there.- Robert Jay Lifton
ya kno tht paperclip frm microsoft 2007? I thought it would be fun to get it on my comp. Now that stupid son of a b!tch wont leave! $&#@!!!
Give it up for at least a second. I'm getting sick of your bullshit attitude, & how you walk around like you shine brighter.
Thanks to Find My Friends I always know when is safe and secure at home.
Go colts got Andrew luck !!!!
Now that my head is clear, I've really only got 3 things to focus my energy on and they all are linked to each other.
Gym.....always pick gym!
spent the day fixing up some old sculpture art dolls getting them ready to sell, so far one is already in the shop and the rest will be soon
Oh how i give anything 2 go back to my HiGh--*~ school daze lol
Sometimes I think College bball players are in the NBA . So im like "I wonder what kind of house they live in or how much money they make" .
im a young. soon to be firefighter....i gotta stay good lookin and clean haha
Haha! I can relate to that. #txbloggers My main character (me) is all over the place.
One problem, of course, is that the patrons aren't either.
Pretty sad Rashad lost to that fag
thanks so much <3
Youre following me on this account so will u Please follow me on ur new account?Please(:
Tomorrow is 2012 Fight For Air Climb in #Miami to benefit at Southeast Financial Center - we'll have 4 employees there!
Hey! Those flowers were like $50, and then with the delivery? Sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeit.
I'm killin the game, my club off the chain...
Lol...u silly. Move back and get to work
Peyton made up for more deficiencies.
She is! : Cats Fucking sexy. RT Robbie's a little bitch .-. and Cat's really stupid :b
omg do much fun!!!
In a situation like this, a would normally take umbrage. But my insurance doesn't cover it, and I take the generic.
SEO Edge: Control incoming links to your site for best #SEO results. Skip sites w/3 or less Google PageRank as they will have no real effect
LOVE CARE WORK LOVE the children you have PLEASE PRAY REAL LOVERESPONSIBLE
yeah, & hey go to sleep its pretty late!(:
Send this to your favorite grade school teacher. They love free stuff: www.brianpcleary.com
A local window company in Super Bowl ads?!?!? .... #WishfulThinking. :)
Isn't the best name ever for an agency?
Colleges seek more 'full pay' students to boost income.
2 or more actions behind = his money in the pot stands? too easy to angle otherwise
year , lol I don't care for it at all, jus gettin it till the 5 , I'm not payin anything for it ,
Hot Glue gun +1. Audrey +3. Zombies +Undead. I'm still winning. But ow.
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!! to all the fathers out there hope Ur day is special...
What up ninas ?
Hey , I'll be in your studio audience tomorrow with Give us high fives, homie!
CONTEST TIME!! Retweet this to be entered in a drawing for 2 AirTran tickets. Tell your friends! (winner to be picked Monday afternoon)
hey Loick my friends Ruff n smooth will like to work with u....check u tube Ruff n smooth - swagger
National Championship trophy available to fans Saturday
We're NYCHUNT.COM if you're ever in NY and bored, play our game, we stash money around the city and tweet clues!
Thank-you ...
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." -Jim Ryan
kevin harvick was fast from mid pack to 3rd in one lap, damn
i married ijever for fun lol i dont even know who that is
I hate traffic!!!
What's in your TBR stack this week?
somebody isn't being applicable to sleep.
You gotta know how to compete and win! #mommieDearest dropped some knowledge.
see you on saturday!
Starting tomorrow Friday November 19th we will be staying open until 7:00 pm. An extra hour for you to enjoy our coffee!
I love providing the sound effects to baby yawns :)
i love u so much everything u do is inspireing from your music to nsn3d I love everything u do cant wait 2 see next!
incredible work. hope to see this kit out in the world soon -- the resolution is incredible!!
Eagles beat down the Giants. Excellent game! People may not like Michael Vick, but he sure can play ball! You go Michael!
Thanks bro. U already know I'm partying all weekend
yup! loving it haha
Rain rain rain
“: I will go down with this ship. And I won't put my hands up and surrender. There will be no white flag above my door.”
Still dnt kno who imma go to prom with
glad you're enjoying it!
R.I.P. Junior Say-Ow
I also pulled out the nice enclosure card, so feel special
Lovin Natalie Cole
Twitter rocks.
Congratulations winner of Innovation Award for Marketing & Comms
#NP "that's not love"
Sophia Grace & Rosie Perform 'Starships': via They are honestly the cutest ever! :D
Had such a great time shower- bring on the wedding!!
The right will be busy dehumanizing Trayvon and humanizing George. Too bad George didn't humanize Trayvon. This would not have happened.
Hey, guess what!?! I hate my dad.
Really nice of you :)
Just got a promotional email with "TBD" as the subject line.
My favorite Disney movies are Tarzan, Aladdin, and for some reason, the Little Mermaid.
Happy Friday!
You know you've had a weird day when eating roasted garbanzo beans are the highlight.
all I know is "Eric lights the Lampe" is making a huge comeback #bringitback be on the lookout for some "MmmmGood"s too
u should enter the ellen degeneres dance contest!
Breaking news: Bobby Valentine getting run out of Boston. Says he misses Japan.
#WouldYouRather Day is here! For the gents: Would you rather go on a date with #JoanRivers or go blind for a month.
Ahaha! Nice move lol! I swear everytime you talk you make me pee my pants laughing!
Well shit. It's been fun
Migraine, awesome.
Sling Media Slingbox SOLO | iPhone Updates
Live at The Chrome Cat: Hot Club of Lansing Thursday March 17, 2011 8:00 P.M.
Aw snap Pooty tang on
This officiating is fucking garbage
Lexington Catholic until Rick left to coach the Celtics.
"lawnmower don't care" /cc
I know! I'm like seriously done with him and all his 'manhole' or 'manwhore' jokes. And like I'm legit gonna stop talkin2im
Doh! Will let you know who wins :-)
I wanna know how she knows him ! You're an amazing writer <3
he must fancy you like the rest of us in Florida do!
#wcphilly Affiliate networks bring in the most money.
stomp rockets!!!!!! So remember those
Ok Bump time for Cupcakes!!
The one (social media) thing you should do today: add a headshot to your profile. ESPECIALLY married women w/ new last names!
Jackie just heard you on M & M, guided me here!! PLEASE TWEET MORE!! This BOSTON GIRL loves your INSIGHTS!!x
It means something crawled up your ass and died.
:-) they seemed curious! “: So, instead of a driveway moment, you had a freak-out-the-cats moment.”
I just made 14 sit n my lap& I rocked her like I use to do when she was a baby. Then she started blowing n my ear to make me stop. It worked
Lincecum pulled back for a pinch hitter after Burriss grounds out meekly to 1st; Nate Schierholtz pinch hitting
Daylight Savings Time ends tomorrow -- set your clocks back an hour before you go to sleep. Oh & have our Full Monty Pizza.
Tip of the day: Expose for the highlights!
RT : A9: The content that works on blogs and Twitter, sucks on Facebook.
We're reading this book in my reading class called "Tears of a tiger" & I'm obsessed with it I really dont like books but this 1 is AWESOME
Great working with you, Kim-Marie! Please do not hesitate to contact us for support. Your success is our primary objective.
if I didnt already have enough reasons to hate his overpaid ass
Dave's not here, man.
whats your email?
There are so many great #musetech sessions happening right now. Want to be in 4 places at once!
Hi my early birds! Tchaikovsky's Valse Scherzo coming up---excellent way to start your day! Violinist Gil Shaham's performance not to be...
Happy Friday!
#WeWontWork if your overly annoyingly nice
Thanks for the shout out for the Miracle Marathon. We're getting ready!
Performing at tonight at 6:30 as Free museum day!
in class and i have no clue whats going on - but im here and that's all i know lol
I see... Ukraine? Business trips or for holidays? :-)
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 98
Shower is done!(:
BLiW CDs and LPs now in stock at Logan Hardware in Chicago!
"thinking that if people were rain, i was a drizzle and she was a hurricane."
We missed you at #summerofdresses tonight!
oh ha. Made me laugh.
are u & collaborating on his album ??? Luv ur verse!!!
what weather do have where you live?
Come down to grand ave for #phxff We love visitors. :)
Thanksgiving is just a little more than 2 weeks away! What are you thankful for this year?
Is it Lord how mercy or Lord have mercy? LOL I'm slow
You think Keats was writing to this prompt?
Put your head down and push through the wind! Great drinks and hot food await you at The Eatery!
I seen a commercial for them mcbites lmao that shit is still funny as hell
Rise of the Planet of the Apes gets 2 thumbs up
It's pretty fun how I have received three phone calls before 6am
It's saying we have to evacuate because there will be another after shock D:
Has a GM ever signed separate comeback players of the year in consecutive seasons? (e.g. Berkman and a presumptive Beltran)
What is one thing you packed that you're REALLY glad you brought with you on your semester abroad?
moving back to Cali so it's been real hectic so what have you been up to? You cut your hair? Looks good bro
support your guy
lockout workouts were so much fun! Best event we ever put together
OK, this one I love.
Great article Pierre, you're spot on. When the trades were made I was concerned about chemistry but we were out worked.
A person is a success if they get up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do. - Bob Dylan
I got some friends/fam in town
yeh you gotta wait 6 months from when its approved in cali. if i got married in nevada like i wanted itd be done already.
NWQ BOLD is Punch In The Face.
First, The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown. Now nibbling on candy corn. This eve improves by the minute.
My #FridayReads, The Last Boyfriend (Berkley Books) by Nora Roberts. Like this The Inn Boonsboro Trilogy.
talk about feeling old........
writing. writing. more writing.
nice, its my off day as well. I'm enjoying your pics you are a real beautiful woman.
Damn I like #Jlo's style she be on to the next quick!!!!
OK 2day wa the worse day EVER with my bullies
Thank you for following us!!!!
I know you're kidding, and pardon me for saying, but OMG you are quite beautiful on your own. Gisele is Gisele. You are unique!
The world is full of abundance, but far too many people expect little and as a result they get little. ~Ben Sweetland
Hungry again...
What up mile high!!! Miss seein' your face!
I'm out of town. Any links to live streams?
Andrew texts my ipod number xD
"Garamond is my Helvetica" #ThingsMyStudentsSay Is that good or bad?
Totally dropped the ball with the Bara-Te guy in Vancouver. Should've said, "Sober does not exist in this dojo!"
<--Mistress Wife--> A wild bedroom comedy! Lust or love?! Which will you choose?! ::Paradise Hotel:: 7:30 Nov. 19. theatre.sdsu.edu
no, it's the brewers mini marathon. Starts and finishes at Miller Park. Good excuse to get my ass in tip top
really does she have in any vids jk
!! that would be great! I'mma message you :)
Ya.....parents always wants us to watch decent games
Most organizers of anti-gay-marriage initiatives know they're losing long-term. NC House Speaker openly admitted it.
Get ready for the 1st ever MMA event to take place on the beach on July 9th in www.xtremecagedcombat.com/
Time for some #coolhaus action #designdistrict. We'll be at NE 39 st & 2 ave in just a few....
At home relaxing after long week of work ... I feel spring coming ... I hope.
... I haven't seen her for years
lol already done! Tell her loves from me and I hope she gets better fast! Xx
Glad I went to at 4:45PM! Got a popsicle from the Pickled Swine and a Polish Boy from Both tasty.
getting in MORE trouble for telling the truth <
came to my UNC Charlotte journalism class to talk with us. Man, I'm gettin' old.
Not well...still don't have Eclipse...still awake...watching Friends season 2...
Hell yeah..... everytime someone tlk about diggy Mb and all them i wanna cry so bad cus of the CTMDT -_-
"If you carry yourself how you're supposed to, no man can disrespect you."
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> what's so funny?
interested in hearing ur thought on debatability of the overfishing point. True, it's inexact. Do u feel study isn't accurate?
ok ate mais love u
Per the internet is like a casino: no clocks, no visible exits. Canned air, always brightly lit. I can hear the ringing!
and, in truth, doesn't FSU want those teams in conference to make them look better?
could also get to Mars on the plans developed by 'fiscal hawks' to cut the deficit
hope you're feeling better real soon!
yes WAY too much the crutch of music. I want ambient sound. Learn how to capture it. I teach that
kisses on the forehead >
WHATS UP TWITTER. GETTING READY FOR MY NATIONWIDE COMEDY TOUR. GET ME BOOKED IN YOUR CITY SEE YA SOON...........
Go follow our bieber account :)
let me eat that PHAT putty girl
thanks. Have an awesome weekend.
The weather heavily dictates my mood
YES!!!!!!!! my dad just told us we're going to disney world this summer!! we thought we couldn't! omgomgomgomg yayay
RT : #STEM is a gem! "The top 10 bachelor-degree majors with the highest median earnings are all in STEM fields." -nga report
so i totally wanna ask u like 5 sexy questions.
I would wife up rihanna
can't wait till ur next movie comes out :3
but you're a bird!
is bringing it w/ this discussion about Moms behind bars & being shackled in childbirth. important issues.
:3 Okeii :D lol, I least I didn't go to school the whole last week, that means i saved myself from a week of boredom
Rain or shine, the treehouses are always open with great classes! Try Kira's yoga flow today at 4:30pm in South Miami!
Let's go 49ers!!!
one for solo, two for duo.
Okay I love following you but your all caps 'get more followers' tweets have been a bit excessive today! Get it together :)
Thanks, I appreciate your kind words.
We do!!! it's called Subway lmao
Daniel, thanks so much for sharing!
ya spend it on ur own ass!
A very Happy Birthday to the girl who makes it happen... ! She's gonna conquer the world one day.
I hate when pol call me Akeelah n the Bee... That's not even my name -____-
just wondering, cause you said there were lots of white people lol ! couldn't be a hbcu ! lmao !
Done with Portuguese exam .... one more on friday
Each day brings 86,400 seconds. Whatever isn't used is gone forever.
What does this week bring? Don't know but bring it on!
Thank you for your kind words about my art gallery! Would you be interested in an artwork of your boutique hotel?
Well ford has pulled out also Chrysler should also for that matter
There's a little bit of a devil in her angel eyes.
Love my theatre community! Lemme say it again--I LOVE my theatre community!
That AutumnBreeze is still hanging around ---- "Luvin it...!"
The final nail in the coffin was tapped in this weekend.
you found it!
they put steps behind the backboard...no distraction.
#NeverForget #Remember The attack on our Pentagon.
Lol really? Go burn in hell bitch. No pity for you.
Graduation pictures tomorrow.. Fantastic.
what happened today?
Wow! Congrats David!
Getting drunk with
I told Jonathan that he needs to go have gay cowboy butt sex.
Scott Simon. #home #ownership is a choice related to demographics. Eberly discusses home ownership and
not so bad, fixing up a bands facebook at the moment and waiting on an email, same old
most of them ate expensive. Easier to refer people to your website if that's possible and use rafflecopter
OW QUAD! Quad! QUAD! - Becky <3
Hi twitter, long time no speak lol thanks to [:
Yeah. Was down in Seattle for two days to watch baseball. How have you been?
Dagger Jack has taken a bit of a turn. Remains to be seen if it's a good thing or his GPS is malfunctioning.
tonight im a baker :) my friends are gonna love me <3
Also okay to email conf. organizers and ask if there's a hashtag. If not, set one up yourself!
Thanks for the suggestions! They sound great.
Happy Mother's day to all the moms, puppy moms, kitty moms and even daddy moms out there!
Hines v. Davidowitz, 1941: SCt struck down PA's state-level registration of aliens as an "obstacle" to federal government's immigration law
CBS News/NY Times poll must be flawed! All other polls show Pres. Obama with 5-10 point lead. Is CBS having a Gallup moment?
never mind found her!
I'd be happy to help answer 's questions! (Thanks for thinking of me, Rhonda!)
anyone want a cookie?
Conductors:The prep gesture can set the tempo without necessarily being rigidly in time.But you should have a reason for "breaking the rule"
Super Care Clinic has only had to treat 12 patients so far. This clinic is first of its kind for a
'y'all need a deep freeze that would hold a body for everything you want to put in that fridge'
Re: Hilary's hair. Totally agree. She needs her campaign hairdresser back.
Congrats on such tremendous success thus far ! Can't wait to grab a brew!
joyces mom will drive us back to slinger after the bars tomorrow!
I don't understand..
Head is hurting so bad #need2cuddle until I fall asleep an #ugh moment
Lil sister-ish is super irate about the hossa hit
AH-Anyone can become angry. To be angry with the right person now that takes the right degree at the right time for the right purpose ah :)
doing yoga... Wii Fit style
Evaluate Ethical Values of #Employees.with SPOT (Situational Perceptions Observations Test)
Twoplustwo for over two minute man?
Slim must be too excited to have his boots off. He just been tweetin shoes and socks lol
#AMAHigherEd has been real inspirational and informative.
Jumbo mortgages may be making a comeback, as lenders loosen their purse strings to approve more of the high-value home loans.
May have just fallen asleep in the hammock instead of working on my final paper. Here's to 80 degree awesomeness!
u coulda told me sooner ;)
Scuchando al Rey del Pop! :D 100% fan de Michael Jackson
Ah, I remember them now. Whole group is based here. Wonder why press stories call them a "shadowy" nonprofit? Seem pretty accesible.
it's in... Happy now?
Have a good meeting.
It wouldn't be a road game for the cats if we didn't look out of sync most of the 40 mins. Not being picky but very sloppy at times.
Gusty winds will continue for awhile mid-day: valley gusts 25-45mph right now.
im gunna watch jersey shore tonight ! <3
im about to post my summer pics because im bored is that ok?:)
Giants got this. No problem.
Tebow and Rex Ryan in the locker room later this year —Tebow: Let's say a prayer before the game. Ryan: F--- that.
Thanks AK! I'm pretty excited about it!
I thinking I'm gonna start cross fit Monday.
Ah getting closer and closer ^-^
The Weeknd- Birthday Suit Lyrics
I know busy BEING librarians to read much about libraries, but I think that might be his point. Isn't there value in lit?
Metta world peace sounds like a boxer postgame
I wish you Wisdom to choose priorities for those things that really matter in life.
Be sure to come see the show in the morning at Wiregrass Ranchers Club. I will start at 10 am on the main stage in front of Macy's
You creepin?(; if so follow me!! <3
Coming Soon: There Will Be Composting.
I was writing music in between it! Haha it was my vacation from everything & everyone. I got a lot done & watched a lot of tv!
thats what she said and yeah but keep trying
So we have an awesome new light show for you guys :)
Remind me to check out that mtv superfan thing when I get home...I'm curious...
Got out of shower
I understand my mother has chronic pain! I hv recently become a beachbody coach & this is my path to help ppl battle depression
So what do you think? Is the new season of #thesingoff going to be good?
thanks for the shout!
so stoked about you having me. I'm about as stoked for RockStarMotel as I am my own projects.
:) Taking a pic with this and filling it out? haha it's a good way to promote your band!! Action Item & Hot Chelle Rae did it!
This has been the wildest March Madness I can remember in a long time.
imma call just so I can hear your sexy ass voice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Cinco de Mayo and the brassy bold sounds of are in the Lounge.Tell us why u want to go and we'll pick one tweet for a free pair
Show the love peeps!! The bad you do always comes back at ya X10 !! just wait!!
Right back at ya
basically, an OED of knowledge objects for the stuff you need to train. Am I getting close?
Probably all laws are useless, for good men do not want laws at all, and bad men are made no better by them.
We are motivated by so many of the same things.
Fichera & Miller continues to successfully represent injured workers despite the drastic changes to Workers Compensation statute.
Iran will "never" suspend uranium enrichment or close mountain bunker - ambassador to IAEA
Officially on the way to lake tahoe / San Fran
lol I'm glad you liked ! I would've loved that too btw. Damn work :/
Ok. So was that like secret clergy code for "I need sermon help." Just call Bill. He has boxes full of sermon ideas.
Tomorrow is my Friend's Birthday! :) what gift I should pick? ;)
you should come to Brazil in the summer (: imma be there! :D
How is the world doing!!!
Craig Owens back in Chiodos?! WHAT?!
Time is fleeting / madness takes its toll...
Go Team! RT : Live #WOMCC coverage thx to our live bloggers
( yes. I would like to. very much. )
Thanks a lot, how can we do that? DM the details
I had a glass of this really good expensive dark beer, but I can't think of the name of it, do you know of any?
historical scholarship isn't based on archives, it's based *in* archives. it's based *on* evidence.
I am so thankful for the United States' clean water and the law banning smoking indoors.
This to a female because ur a scared little girl u know everyone talks smack about u.. Including ur "fake friends" but their guy so u don't
Good Friday Morning!
cuz u worked So hard today. Make a drink
Two best parts 1. Shakespeare in the park 2 stan lee.
Classes start May 1st reserve your seat now for an exciting career in Aesthetics! 630-434-9053
He is already EATING all the yogurt! What about organic milk? And how did Holly Golightly's Cat survive if milk is BAD???????
First dog: Toby. Street: Longbranch Drive
Omg i miss that dude !
Pretty clear who's side the refs are on tonight
Not tonight sorry !
I said it last week and I'll say it again. Annoying people really step it up on Monday!
Michelle's big day, op. 1, no. 2.
Don't text me if you're gonna reply with turtle speed.
And a fire!
Work. an ivention made to fuck people's days up the ass. #BendOverWednesday,HereItComes :(
Fear trumps freedom and faith trumps fear, so our freedom is found in our faith.
Been training up all day. Its one those days you come home and wanna hit the bed but you know theres other shiz to be done. ROUND 4. Trick!
And myself for that matter
so stoked to hear of impending novel! Sure man, I'll proofread, clearing an afternoon. ;)
Sorry 8. , 9. , and 11. you were so close! DM us anyway with your info and we'll send you our Album too!
Who Am I and What Am I Doing Here? Teens Coaching Teens Will Help. <3 ;~}
my mind is open wide , and now i'm ready to start .
I love the interesting things and people on twitter. One of my newest twitter buddies is a balloon twister from Australia
Nice. Definitely a mental exercise.
Rockers have a way of finding each other! I hope u have a great week :)
Slice at least one excess lemon and put it in your garbage disposal. If you happen to have one.
omg jus listen to an . new song an video omg the video was sad bt love the song. keep it up yall
you can never have enough lawyers!
One hour left are you going to make it?
Human beings are the only creatures on earth that allow their children to come back home. Bill Cosby
Well I hope you have a great vacate! :) Love, love, love your voice!
Every girl has 3 personalities: 1) When she's with her family. 2) When she's with her friends. 3) When she's with the person she loves.
I promise we won't take it too personally. But, come in soon!
Sippin and I'm faded.
HAHA. I know, right.
Subsscribe to my youtube channel Collapsem3 im like the fourth one down
J'nae bedtime story >>>
Scenes from the Michael Flohr Show at Shaffer Fine Art August 7&8 2010. Thank you all for coming! We all had a fabulous time!!
I dreamt I was having a picnic with a bunch of gay men on what we kept calling the "Beyonce Knoll" -- It was awesome.
Dammit my sister has my candy.! -.-
Just did (:
Thanks for the follow!
Soo did I it was amazing austin threw the pic to me but then ma freind got it i gave it to her..
maybe! I do Italian like the olive garden.
The weeknd gets me in a good mood.
Finally feeling better after a long nap.
Just left v 103.3 in atlanta, look out I'm coming!
haha OF COURSE you're all excited about going to a day-long, Hip-Hop extravaganza? I would be too. ;)
Toffee Mocha from Starbucks' Mayfield & Lee this afternoon tastes so~~~ good. ^_^
that text just sent me>>
Wait, do you work tomorrow?
Man God is good getting ready to go see my sgt. Lewis before i go to the army... missing my rust college family
Them sandles I see every female with <<<<!!
What an amazing weekend tho :) so happy.
Just started downloading my copy. I feel like a kid again, except I don't have to change discs this time.
trust I accept the challenge. ; )
Even with RGIII, I don't think the Redskins will have a winning record next year. Giants, Cowboys and Eagles are just too good.
aww sorry I guess it really hurt your feelings
Nothing like blasting Girl Talk at 730am driving to work & getting dirty looks from other drivers. Yeah be #jealous of the fun I'm having.
The day after the show is a holiday, so make sure you make it to the event.
oh that's exciting.
2 hours to go. RT : Ferrandino said ball is in GOP court.
can't wait to be in NYC!!! So excited to see the greatest city in the world.
....no it cant be.. RT : is the best I love him way more than I love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Nice work on our credit rating.... What's next?
where should I start looking for auditions? Any tip on how to find agents/managers would be great.
Think Like A Man saw that movie Its was good & funny As Great Movie 2 take your mom 2 see 4 Mothers Day
Ik.. he's lame too xD
Cool story bro, wanna hear mine? Once upon a time I didnt give a fuck, the end :)
Awesome thanks! If you don't mind - one more Q: It's a long plane ride (NYC to Hawaii) - is it safe for that length of time?
happy holidays
Today in 1920, the Symphonic Socity of NY became the first American orchestra to make a European tour with their Paris concert.
Fuck testing tomorrow.
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mom's, MaMa's, Gramma's, Nanna's, MomMaw's & Grammies out there! We Love & Honor you today!
Friday June 5 De Young Museum Salsa Dance party FREE with lessons and Edgardo Cambon's Candela ...Mama put on your dancing shoes! ybgf.org
Hey everyone!
ya its really good haha no prob!
lol right he was talk too a one minute man for reals hahahaha
Bad Bitch , Lotta Ass!
Word RT : It's your Life. It's now or never.
Dear god I hate watching these people grind.
My roommate just bought me some Applebees to go. Um. Applebees and Basketball Wives tonight at 7pm. Sounds great!!!
you guys still supporting your php library? Major issues with validation errors / missing documentation is killing our deadlines.
Cherish the friends who tells you a harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you a loving lie.
hello there! Thank you for following me! You are a retired artist? Does that mean you don't paint any longer? I hope not :)
why not missy?? I enjoy reading your rants lol
Thank You, Anytimee & Yess I Would Love To Be Your Best Friend! (:
I am happy day light savings is here! It is nice to have more sun!!! Go UNC btw!
A day after firing the hitting coach, too.
How do you think our #Ravens will do without Ray today?
seems legit
it appears that your twitter has been hacked.
you first tweet me when your done
-_- awkward moment when we are both going on a 'date' with him anyway...(;
Wow!this bitch really trynna be likke me!
God, please do in me today whatever brings you the greatest glory.
I wish I wasn't so tired.
#tonyabbott is back in his bugie smugglers oh gosh...
just saw a prius with a wu-tang sticker on the back...
if you need someone to read it .. ill willing :D love reading everyones stories
Going 2 sleep finally. Chillin w/the lil bro all day tomorrow after I get him from the bus station in BR #family goodnight
Lunchtime yoga!
&#39;One-Night Stands&#39; And What Happens When You Happen To See ...
Scared money don't make no money!
Red Gatorade on a 75 dollar white polo???? EHHHHH WHY NOT
What’s in a face? ~ What moves you…when you #dance? ~ What follows you…~ your #thoughts, your breath, your stance?
Got a new remix for you!!! Hands up and touch the sky, the track should be up tonight! Thank you for 22K! d-_-b <U+266B>
Please excuse my excessive tweeting for the next hour. I'm participating in the #blogtrends chat. Come join in to discuss blog/life balance
as long as they don't find a Bin Laden Sex Tape, we're okay.
Wish I could have lunch with Warren Buffet too.
Get me out of Florida, please.
#GymPetPeeves Too much man funk.
I want more #misfits. I have no idea when it comes on though, it being a british show and me living in the United States...
Landed in Austin for #railsconf w team! Weather is beautiful!
hehe yeah its cute but now its awkward around the house since he's my brothers' best friend and Jeremy is like...
THANK YOU LORD!
Did you know...Our mission is to Improve Lives through Leadership in the Prevention, Control, and Cure of Arthritis and Related Diseases.
it's too high! It's too high! “: watching Major League. Never gets old”
thats a tough one....i been to both about a million times in the past couple months but i always been a fan of subway! :)
It's never fun to end a season but I will never forget the memories love the seniors and Ben hedges
Draft day. Let the wheeling and dealing begin!
Becky rocks!
Introducing the new place to connect with Hospitality Alumni! www.nyit.edu/management/student_advancement/hospitality_alumni
Made the deposit for university of hartford <3
Hello & I can't wait to meet you both=)
dope! I went yesterday it sucked! Congrats once again catch up soon
Philly Sports: Penn State Crushes Pitt And West Virginia In Spring Football Game Attendance – SB Nation
Breaking News!!! Every Justin Bieber Fan dies while listening to shit music!
6 Weeks Fitness Challenge and Member of the Year winners
loll oh yes of course! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> whispers *funny looking* lol
commercial break time for sit ups
Nicest guy in town brought our moms flowers when we took them to brunch at No kidding!
Sweet!! I think... haha RT : You're like a unicorn.
every degree, I reach that point where I seriously consider dropping out and becoming a stripper. I'm so there.
It's sad how some ppl never learn no matter how many times they get hurt.
Time for another evening of #NASCARPrimeTime "Gentleman Start your Engines" #NASCAR at
You just gotta promise me hearts won't break
How you feelin'....Welcome to Milwaukee, Enjoy Our City!!!!!!!
it would be pretty cute if u saw this and actually noticed me.
Cheers! Thanks!
How have customers changed since the recession began? Tune in and hear from John Patterson!
So Paul George misses two FTs and nobody says anything, but LeBron misses two and you say he chokes?
STOP lol just sing along(:
silence of the hoes
Back from the lake front, it was cool:)
code wasn't recognized :-(
not even fair. :(
damn i feel like my 5k tweet is taking forver to get here.
woo! glad to be your 100th follower!
No comeback tonight, but they still made it fun to watch.
This shit is for real
I look forward to tweeting about my professional and personal ventures in my graduate studies, studio productions and life in Colorado :)
Patrick Swayze's Dirty Dancing song She's Like The Wind was originally written for Grandview, U.S.A.
Thanks so much! We love the great work you and your foundation is doing! Please let us know anyway we can help!
as they say 'bring it on'
Thanks for the follow, Jo.
Going to club anything tonight for the $5 all you can drink show and animals in human attire!
lets not be bums!..let me know when you want to get beat playing some wii again!..
Thought you loved your Kindle RT I call dibs on the iPad 2
Just stopped by one of our offices and there was 32 different flavored Oreos
hope you have a great week!
What happened to Raven Symone?
great seeing you all in hazard. you seen some die hard uk fans lol... UK always number 1!
I wish I had a big basket of Strawberries and the Annenberg Estate in Palm Springs.
Wine helps everything
Happy Monday #SanDiego! Did you take your #car2go anywhere cool over the weekend? Tell us about it!
Yay! See you when you get home
Heritage language retention is being found in minority speech communities as push back against the globalization of language.
Stanley Fish is like the Mitt Romney of literary critics.
ive got to see the avengers
Hey Thinking its time to gather up #indycar drivers, teams & racetweeps in for a #tweetup?
Road trip with Frank
Ever notice on all youth FB teams there is one dad that thinks he is Lombardi ? Why doesn't he volunteer to help coach ? We all know why !
If you want something from me. I suggest you monitor your tone.
; i should say that i need you here. but i'm gonna party tonight. cause honestly i just don't care. *
oh! awesome. have fun tomorrow!!!
last night they were out in full force. riding harrington the whole 4th quarter almost caused twitter overload
Fr.peter is so cute!
Shoutout to Lebron James 26 Seconds Foundation..every 26 sec. a kid drops out of school.
#Tweet1700 for I don't deserve a bestfriend like him :) <3
Watching american dad. All three of us in bed lol.
1st appt after 5 days NYC travel that included 1 sprained ankle, 1 sick husband, & lost luggage w/all the essentials is a no-show.
Goodnight/morning tweeters
TODAY'S DEAL - $ 5 for $ 10 Worth of Discount Food Coupon at Korean Town Food Court www.igoopon.com
oops no offense to ya man
Here's my four bucks for that toilet paper with your twitter feed... From #NYEBN https:/www.spacesplitter.com/how-it-works
Yea, too bad your Green Bay boys couldn't carry Moss' jock on their best day.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
thank you. :)
your welcome
Detective Weisman. It has a ring to it-
S/o to the nigga out there chopping his check up four ways but only got one kid by the bitch,keep up the bum work
HONESTLY if you even read my tweet after the one where I said I was taking your idea you would have known it was a joke
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
Sometimes I just wanna tell u I miss u but hey what's the point
At work. Was hoping to get a midnight kiss from my 2 year old patient. Then he fell asleep.
Coconut water is really growing on me #yum !
Food For Thought ~ Bad Hires Are Expensive - 41% of companies estimated it cost their organization more than $25,000 per bad hire last yr. …
welk if you don't know..now you know lol
We're looking for #women owned #businesses in #NYC. Know any? We'd love to tweet about them!
Curling up with a cup of green tea, snacking on a bagel with strawberry spread & about to take a nap to rest up for tonight. <U+2665>
thats great :) could u maybe ask ur followers if they wanna join? u dont have to, im just asking :)
"the team full of pros" couldnt finish
I laughed when I saw it, too.
#onlyifyouknew how much you mean to me ;)
Do the folks in your family that are living dairy & soy-free allow soybean oil and/or soy lecithin in their diets? Let me know!
What in the worrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrlllllll
i will keep you and your family in my prayers greygrey...i hope there all okay<3 God Bless them<3
I really hate the way Ben treats Amy -.-
Go Navy
right on!! Hard work is the ONLY way to success!!
it has all week
Do you know why it's buried? Leave it alone. Sicilian saying from
This wouldn't have anything to do with a certain couch #memory would it LMAO!!! “ Oh em gee I <U+2665> Italians!!!”
#Dropsofjupitar never gets old.
that's scary
Happy B-day to John Williams; that composer who makes you partially deaf enough you can only ever hear HIS music again.
I'm sick of people talking about The Avengers movie.
Does that include "how do I use Twitter"?
"You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him."
Just got my rain barrels out for the year and they are already full.
LOL will arnett has me dying!
All day I've had a scratchy throat...I didn't want to believe it...but now...UUGGHHHH
Book is coming kiddies :D
OH: I don't care if tanning is bad for you. It's important not to look ugly. Cc:
To deposit your loose hairs on the shower wall is to enter the bond of Sisterhood
Im a beast!!
all my pride is all I have & you'll be needin me but to bad ;)
She ain't got no walls!!!
let's chalk that currency blunder up to an iPad typo, shall we? I guess I need more keyboarding practice. ;)
I love when my wife IMs me AutoCad commands. What's does "re" supposed to mean?
Does anyone think Titanic 3D can knock down Hunger Games? It's doing big mid-week numbers...
You forgot Brunswick, Ohio!!!!
Whats worse than driving in cedar bluff traffic? driving cedar bluff traffic in rain
Spend Mother’s Day in beautiful ! Mom’s get discounted $22 tickets to #Titanic on Mother’s Day with paid child admission!
LIVE FOR THE MOMENTS YOU CAN'T PUT INTO WORDS
ha! RT : She had some 99 cent lip gloss on her snaggle tooth.
thanks for the retweet
Washington state has declared a #whooping cough epidemic.
where can i find copies of your magazine in houston?
the awkward moment when I go out and buy Krave because you tried it xD<3 true Mahomie(;
“: I guess the cat's out the box! :D” Where did you get that? It was cool! Thanks bro!
That's not my speciality. I'm not going to lie ;-)
Girls that take pictures smoking
Would love to! What time is the game?
I think only HSAs require high-deductible plans; FSAs can be used w/"traditional" health insurance plans for Px, co-pays, etc.
a week with no school... swag
Went 2 tiny Tri High in Henry County,won the New Castle Sectional 76 n 77 before class b-ball. Had school, no classes Mon after
#WhatAWomanNeeds, money like a white girl needs ass.
Finalizing the presentation to give to realtors on remediating code violations. 15 minutes needed snacks included anyone interested 615505…
RT : That infuriating feeling you get deep in your brain wondering why Rondo, like Chris Paul, doesn't make 19 layups a game.
I saw you lady
I think the NFL is oversigning.
Yup. You must be a fan of my stick figures.
New car.
Hope everyone had a safe and Happy Holiday with their families and friends.
Adversity is another way to measure the greatness of individuals. I never had a crisis that didn't make me stronger.- Lou Holtz
There was a female zombie with a hot body breaking through the fence in the beginning. First one yet
Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected
i hope im not some toy...nice guys always lose...
Boys soccer game gettin my tan on!!
It's happy hump day once again...whoo hooo
Now all my super ladies I got my baby, if you got your baby, baby
Hopping in the showers.
How can you earn your RedStar this Tuesday?
If your blind then your equally in jeopardy
Thanks for the GhostWalk mention -- greatly appreciated! Hope we see you this weekend!
we used to wake up every morning and record then hit mr BBQ for lunch
Someone should send me all the trending topics right now. Please.
Hm. Makes me reflect upon my own relationship with my brother...someone, get me out of this fetal position!
i dont have an Iphone
Oh well that's what brothers are for<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Manning interview was actually really sad !
To quote Howard Stern via Fat Joe "I keeps it real up in the battle field..."
Well no one is advocating government crackdown on his language, so I don't find free speech relevant imo. Just private corps.
LeBron James has really stepped up his acting for the playoffs. Tremendous energy to be able to flail on every play.
I love my icon, Austin looks so young :)
Elaine Smith: A Lifetime of Serving Others Dog-loving nurse founded Therapy Dogs International, and leaves a wonderful legacy carried on
what's your spelling error?
14 and u?!
Definitely a need. You've obviously never seen me. RT : sure there is no need for that
Just know sooner or later i always get what i want
I don't remember much about last night. Those damn captain n cokes I forgot what they do to me!
Late registration is open until 8:40 pm for tonight's 7 pm tournament. Head over to and join!
BP with $$8BILLION Profit this year.
the older we become... life has jus begun...
#SignsUrAHoodRatMother your daughter is 5 years old & can't read, but she has boom-boom shorts & door-knocker earrings
7 fabulous Sunday tours call to you, celebrating local eats, gay history, Venice Canal and cemetery lore & the stars of old Hollywood.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
somehow I just found this message.Thanks for listening! I try to be objective which usually infuriates even more people!!!
I'm saving all my love for you.
Episode two is coming........SBN
nice songs! Loved them!
Hope you have an awesome day too!!
say it ain't so! Ata girl take advantage...afterall it is Chicago in January.
wow, Dave Webber with a trip in the way back machine. :)
My 500th tweet! Dedicated to . Love yew bebe
slipping on a business card too funny!!
I want to curl up and hide, blah. But I have to go to work for 3 important meetings this afternoon. Boo.
California's offseason youth hockey story? Mergers ... some make complete sense, others have me wondering.
Infant mortality in my neighborhood is three times the national average.
Time be creepin
masturbation is a habit. its saying "hello, have you forgotten about me?"
So excited that we got to see the Bat pod and Tumbler in person today & it is incredible!!!
i'm the same way. once you model you can never got back
I think I'm in need of some serious Omega-3. It just can't wait until Saturday! cc:
CHILLIN AT THE COSMOS. PATRON ON DECK LIVING THE PLAYER LIFE LAUGHIN @ THES HOS AS THEY STILL ON BROADWAY TRYNA DO SOMETHING WIT THEY LIVES
A dream should be something that you feel you can't live, if you didn't do everything to achieve it! Live large, dream bigger!!!
"bench points" is going to be the narrative while Laker guards utter lack of defense is the real story.
I'm at a payphone with
cool.. only things i see here in ky is an old tub or potty with flowers in it on a persons front lawn!
If ur on spring break have fun and be safe! If ur in #Austin 4 #SXSW welcome! Hope you have a great time and enjoy our city.
do I look like a mom? Lol just kiddin
Gave a little Chardonnay to my palm tree today..don't judge, hell he deserved it.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The state enforces child support, but doesn't assist with visitation or help the parent-child relationship.
Last chance to grab tickets for the Red, Black & Blonde premiere at the Very few tickets left
email is @
I ate like total crap today. Not kidding. Im totally regretting it.
Working day shift makes for a LONG day!!! But I had a good day. On the radio for the 1st time for 4 hours... It went very well!!! :-)
#storyofmylife not even kidding
www.Web Promotion.com in an alliance with SmartGuy.com now offers your article creation and optimization where your business is the star!
I think my yoga instructor may be a merman. They were gills flapping under that tank top, had to be.
One nation under God indivisible!
Tornado warning posted till 7 am for all of South Florida. Be safe.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence -Vince Lombardi
Thanks ! I had fun talking #colwine today!
I'm watching American Idol, and a commercial comes on for a dance show, and our song is playing.
Welcome to the business world!
BRUCE!!! () #metlife Who else?
Boarding a plane. See you in a week, Reality. Viva la Mexico!
Need in on BYONETICS. Help anyone?
So great to watching this game through the eyes of a Kansas fan...
RT : Learning from failure has been mentioned by several speakers today, the gaming folks and now Design Challenge.
Don't forget our #deal today! Buy 4 boxes of Green Tyvek #eventwristbands get the 5th #free w/ coupon code 'til midnight!...
You guys? You guys! The audio book of DRIFT contains several patented giggles! Totally worth the price of admission...
“: I just dropped my laptop off the boat....It's a Dell, rolling in the deep.”
haha, oh yes(;
Thank you to all the mothers that spent a very special #MothersDay with us today. It was a wonderful day.
WOW! It's really THAT crazy?
not sure yet, maybe next week?
all your #taiwanese fans are going to watching this one, only no body want to hear you say Seeya this time
Once had a similar problem- but with stolen checks. Clerk wouldn't cancel my checks bc they thought I was one writing bad notes.
Tonight's distinguished citizen and humanitarian of SF award goes to:
Yeah, I hear ya. I can't wait for the season to begin already.
omg thank you soo much!You're welcome(:We've been supporters since you were only on youtube&we'll be supporters until the end
All this water, tea, medicine. It's no working. Hopefully more sleep will make me feel better. Goodnight
The power of social media and citizen diplomacy coming together is uncanny
says that he will vote to protect Arts and Music, but that the core is reading, science and math.
sec championship is legacy changer? Hahahahaha
Working for "The Man" sucks. But "The Man" pays.
Julian deserves to be an abdc, you must be fucking retarded if you think he doesn't.
Tony Gwynn 97.6% for HOF vote. Another example of a guy that should have had 100%
I'm mad excited to go to detention right now
Why does it have to be like this? Can't I just get over this?!
"They tryna holla at me, But they all on mute"
Even if you not a fan of Travis Porter you have to love at least a couple of their songs
bars still open!
Yess! Got my #Spotify invite today. Good times.
oh yes this is so true
Eat'em up cats! Congrats to on completing your MA in History! So proud & elated for you!
Diana Ross is next in line to get the kids? Are you kidding me, CNN?
In the beginning god created heaven and the earth...everything else was then
Paula Deen inspires us: Overcoming agoraphobia, (a strong fear of public places) and raising two boys as a single mother. Divorced & left w…
lol you've been working hard you've earned the relax time. How's that new car?
Mexican Hot Chocolate >>>
"I'm not young enough to know everything." -James Matthew Barrie #quote #life -- Petteri Tarkkonen ()
#Zimmerman since when does a man with a gun scream for help.......
Awe Jordan stopped. :P
pretending to text in an awkward moment.
warning: 5 turds in the road ahead
ooohh who's number is this? Is it yours?
wow, love that someone's delving into this. so intriguing.
Hey, I think I have your cool magazine. Baker, right? Didn't realize you were in the Bay area.
yes lonche is on but i had us down for thursday. either day works but thursday's easier for me. let me know chica!
that's awesome! Never knew that existed. I'll have to check it out.
#PRIME2012 To me MOTHERS DAY is not only about your birth mom who gave you Life, but it is also about all the women who taught you LIFE.
Great question re: how many photos? We take 1000s of our traveling exhibitions alone, not to mention personal photos by staff.
What? Okay, back up. How in the hell do you "turn up missing"? -Kevin Hart
Happy Friday!
God is like a GPS.His focus is on start to finish.For every wrong turn you make he will redirect you to the right destination once you
Just had a really positive meeting with Denver Parks and Rec and Downtown Denver Partnership. Looks like Zombie Crawl 2010 is a go!!
Good Saturday morning...I don't think I slept last night....but let me get up and go to work
I'll dig through and let you know today or tmrw. Don't think I have a Riku, but I've found surprises everywhere in here today.
I will never talk to you again if you call me a pussy
So sad but but so so true.
why you miss class
nevaaaaa eva tweak any dudes.. they're never worth it.. i need me, myself, and my mom .
Vendor lingo makes my eyes glaze over.
Worked for client, Oldham County Tourism today. They have a lot going on and if you're ever in Louisville KY area, make sure you visit!
And I have the same good interactions w/other members of family too, so that makes it easier.
Eighty-Eight Former NBA D-Leaguers Highlight 2011-12 NBA Opening Day Rosters
Sacramento area REALTORS? ...next time you preview or show be sure to check-in on facebook places and leave feedback!
Finally arrived in the DMV
when ur cd comes out it's my b-day haha lol
thank you so much for following!
Jersey shore! #YEAHBUDDY :)
Dropped sum $$$ at Betsey Johnson here today, therefore my dinner tonite consists of Poptarts and bad hotel coffee. YES!
CHeBA HUT is having the best party in town tomorrow.
When it rains, it pours...lamoids who wanna get all up on this puss.
Lmao don't pull me down come on up!
Never settle for anyone #GETYOURLIFE!!
Thanks! We're following you too...on Tumblr, not in a creepy way... RT : Now following on Tumblr :)
Walter Matthau:"Why don't you do the world a favor? Pull your lip over your head and swallow" that's pretty much what I want 2 tell people.
lol I wish you luck! Thanks for saying hi to me when I was standing next to you after school!
We'll be announcing details soon.... ;)
RT Nice weather guys, lets have the internet outside today...
At least they sell their terrible product well!
can't wait!
People who follow others just because or try to be better them are Nobodies
1 in a million chances to see my tweet :(
a little bit of top gear to ease the mind
GURL we hot
"He has been to San Francisco, Galveston, New Orleans, Key West, Duluth, Omaha, Denver, New York, Boston, and Augusta..."
HELL YES!! RT : Don't forget it's white girl wednesday too!! Haha
Preparing for Final Exams? Utilize UMKC KIC Scanners to scan study material & have an electronic version on your PC & other devices!
hey i folowed u follow back AWESOME
is more amazing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
can u even take the D
Ace Farren Ford . Xtra bonus: Zo's music teacher was in the Mothers of Invention and talks smack about Zappa
RT : 2 lanes of traffic now reopnened on NB lanes of I-94 just north of ryan rd
Please vote on May 8th, but don't let the money & the media decide your final vote. Look at the candidates and their message.
The Bioware base is great! The Alderaan Warzone is awesome and cant wait to play Black Talon on Saturday! Thank you also to Ari!
What I think about in math class: 50% The fuck is that?! 50% The fuck is this?!
Putting more PASSION into the things I do and going for more of what I want... FUCK YOUR NORMALCY!! learn. love. live.
take a pic of the final score and send it to me lol
please follow me back:)
Oooohhhhh we don't give a damn for the state of michigan...
Im late to the Gotye party, but doesnt that hit song remind you of the Police mixed with Peter Gabriel?
shes coming here for the 4th. Im gonna try and make it back to indy shortly after that tho
Emily G officially in the studio! and I officially kicked out Brooksie! Time for ME to jam out 8-P
If I had one wish...I would use it to make everyone honest. What if we lived in a world where no one could ever lie?
why do these birdbrains follow u if they just talk sht about you? Smh
I'm at church till 830
Wow some people can be so rude.
Too bad the Dreamliner took off from DCA at 11 instead of lunchtime. You could've snuck out to see it.
I swear. It makes no sense. Completely insane for no reason. Baffled.
Words I overheard "You didn't change, you just fell in love" - what y'all think? Do we change the core of who we r 4 love? Speak on it!!
Kstate looks lost when it gets the ball within 3 feet of the rim
absolutely you bring the shrimp taco tuesday and I'll provide the ice cream :) win win for everyone!!
the purple one!
oh! Still not a great situation :(
following back!
It's going to be so much fun. We can talk about food in more than 140 characters :p
playing tonight at Blind Pig for the Secret Twins cd release show! Congrats dudes!
| needs her glove box removed from the Mini. Can you do next week at #B2BBestofIndy?
Another brave WWII vet has passed. RIP Grandpa.
U stay in yo lane An Ima Stay in my lane and trust me We'll make it to da Finish Line!
New episode of #BONES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Shot out to Green Phoenix Spa. Space is little but David gives the best deep tissue massage. I am greedy, I always need 90 mins!
i talk to much and ruin things. haa im just gonna go back to sleep.
I got one thing done during my shift today. I am so productive.
Apparently I'm cool enough for 2,000 people to "like" me on Facebook. Next stop...3000. Go Royals!
Kickball leagues are forming. Teams are filling fast! Check our site for info!
Favorite web conferencing service? For about 40 people on bimonthly basis. Tell me where to throw money, people.
Also never suggest anything even barely off topic there
gawdd now I want pop eyes
goin to the doctors for my back tomorrow....
We've got a full week ahead of us, but we're still fitting in on-site repairs. Call ahead for an appointment and we'll get you running asap
Can't believe anyone would compare "Adjustment Bureau" to "Inception," which was amazing. "The Adjustment Bureau" was borderline stupid.
You're the pretender what if I say I will never surrender
There are a lot of Hulk Twitter accounts that are total bullshit, but I gladly stand beside to the death.
Other people's opinion of you does not have to become your reality. ~Les Brown
finally class is over :D
it must be. Guess we missed the memo :/
Skip the maddening crowds. Visit A Whale of a Tale, get yourself a new book for
No Fan Fest next year? How about I have one at my house instead? Who's with me?
Watching Basketball Wives !
Somehow I missed the amazing news that Ralph Nader has backed Ron Paul for president, who said he would appoint Kucinich as Sec. of Peace...
Right on! Lol!
By chance just turned on in my hotel room in Columbus OH. Not bad.
Dear spammer: I do not want a pingback to my history post from your sexual aid site.
Happy convertible season! Did you know we have over 50 convertibles between our 3 locations?
Plus, taking that ring just says oh fuck Eddie. He gone, now I have this new man to be with
Had a headache was sittin next to a #76ers/#Phillies fan had to go shopping for a fan at #Meijer and feelin the lack of sleep from last nite
My doggie is a bunny killer! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Makes me laugh literally!
: RT : A special belieber died, and I know she's in a good place right now.
you already know!
Yep our team qualified this year! Thank you :)
We are still TIED at the end of the first OT. Alexa Gaul has kept us in this game. Unbelievable performance in goal tonight for Texas.
Lots of NHL games on tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and watch every game live online tonight just register and gain access!
#UGH The five days after the weekend are always the hardest.
#RugsNotPugs (because what if they ruin the rug?)
mobile acting up.keeps dropping followers. sorry for any inconvenience.
Waiting for a cab is like waiting for your mother to pick you up from school.
OMG WHAT
Swag it out! :)
Non-directed Carpenter night! Black moon rising and The Philadelphia experiment!
Adventures in the Laundromat! Today's episode--What language are they speaking here? Not even certain it's of this Earth.
oh yes you do c:
its 6:30 a.m. G....its a lil early to be up swag splashin n shit..lol
Crazy as it is, this is common. They often kept each other's plans (for whatever reason). It came from Dodge so it stays in Dodge.
New for 2012! The Handy Craftsman Home Services will be offering roofing, siding and concrete services!
#UFC145 the other was bad blood, these guys were around each other all the time and now they HATE each other!
I have to take 2 for it to have any effect whatsoever :-/
Yes ma'am... I'm very excited!!! RT omgg are you coming for sures now!?!? :)))
follow back please and also my cuz please
Cool avocado! Do you keep it inside the house? Thanks for voting!
Thanks for coming- great to see you and ! Hope that you all had fun!
oh yeah. Y'all better come
R.I.P. To this pzone
looks like about 3-4" on the ground here in Divide. I'll get some pics here in a bit.
reminds me of the ruffly shirt from Seinfeld without the ruffles.
The "Bicycle" scenes for "On Tap" are done. Next up, "Beer on the Boards" next weekend.
and didnt she nail it? heck yea
we make our own tomato soup.
Everyday is a good day!
Once again falling asleep to the sounds of the rain, w/my window cracked. #IWannaCuddle #ILoveRain especially in LA >>such a treat :) night!
Next week. :)
you should walk out to our song "suffocated by the light" give it a listen please!!!!!
We're excited about #Foodiechats tonight!! #OrganicEating we love this!! 7pm CST
I couldn't say it any better Ivan! Rock on!
Eh, whatever floats your boat.
Bitches don't need it, they really don't.
beautiful follow me???
Cant hear anything over the howling wind - I'm barely exaggerating “: Not looking forward to hearing boos for Braun tonight”
Whats that I hear.? THUNDER!! Here it comes(:
I RP on MySpace and Bebo
that's some honesty for that ass .
just saw but I was on an important call so did not say "hello" just stared rudely. Sang "Kelvinside" all the way home.
Real names kill thangs, that's that shit I won't write...cause my niggas still sellin' dope, like they aint on they 3rd strikes
“I have always been an advocate for economic development. I will promote all efforts by our local, state, and federal governments to...
Rondos so dumb
I'll say it again. I better find an awesome Syttende Mai celebration in Philly or someone's going to bleed.
ah see you soon it's been too long!
UCI Road World Championships 2015 could bring >450,000 people from 70 countries to #Richmond & $135.3m in economic benefit to
Thank you for the congrats!!
Gotta get through Philsophy this semester, so I can get on my plans for May 5 and far after that...#Determined and Strong
Three trains to travel six stops along the blue line. The is awful.
New digitized machine quilting patterns are their way...watch for more updates > sallyterry.com
Sometimes I jus feel like I dnt need nobody... Cuz when I ask fa shit niggas always play DF out me...but I always give smh those days r DNE
So nervous. Thought Z-Bo was gonna miss one of those FTs.
ITS CLOBBERIN TIME!
Will a nigga in the room give a nigga room
Wishing we were at SXSW.. Have fun everyone.. <3 bri
RT I like all kinds of music genres.
Finished A Christmas Story. Now waiting to go out with a few cast members.
amen to that brother
Great things come to people that go for it and sometimes those who wait....aka know when to hit the gas and know when to hit the breaks.
I'm not usually so easily influenced but I just read the word popcorn and now I want some.
awesome... This looks great
Someone's been updating my ex on my life.. Fuck you!
lol why are all the MB girls tweetin catch phrases?
tell me when you get your iris pic from #imagineRIT and I will tell you when I get mine! so we know if theres a prob with the email
At Philadelphia Sch of the Future opening of conference Skyped live performance with alum!
alright, you willing to run up to tri-c with me real quick while I drop off my books?
Thanks Valerie Sachs for the wine glasses! (FB)
RT : WHERE HAVE U BEEN ALL MY LIFE.. THAT'S SOME REAL SHIT..« I Try to be Real with this
it's politics as usual, and both sides are disappointingly predictable this year.
so wise, so simple
Happy Wednesday!
in the tornado watch zone on chad's map. Will send I reports if we get twisters in these hills!! After they pass ofcourse.
im so sad u dont follow me
Everyone is invited to the presentations today - 4pm undergrad capstones. 6:15 pm grad student MA's. Conference room.
are you able to DM me an email address so I can send you details? It is supported by the SD Sports Commission &
Ur chode is fallin out ur pants RT actually, my hair is falling out. it'll hit the ground before it goes gray
Some people care for there pets a little too much. Its a dog to me not a person. *shrugs*
When you are truly confident: no words, thoughts, or opinions can bring you down.
I know. It sucks. :/
I love how people respond back to you on here!
me 2..but i love more then music u c(:..
Doesn't it make more sense to call pregnant women ' bodybuilders' rather than calling dudes that lift weights 'bodybuilders?'
I aint worried about that!! Iam worried about possible havin to go to coles house tomorrow!!!
A hype video plays for Mike Quackenbush vs. Colt Cabana in tonight's main event.
8 good seasons of Batum for maybe 3 years of Nash seems a little high- but LMA aside- the entire team is available
I'm quitting Twitter. Does that count?
JOSH ALL OVER MY FACE!
Blizzard Sends Out 275,000 Diablo 3 Beta Invites If you still haven't gotten into Diablo 3 's beta, you may finally get your chance. With
Eating my first Doc Greens salad....oh my heavens this is delish!
Moving beyond seat time or contact time to more performance based models. Important for engagement of both faculty and students.
TY for the follow!
I'm Getting ready for the Delray Beach Film Festival! I'm also having a Exclusive showing for the "3-D Without Glasses Product!"
hope you feel better!
some of us have a normal 9-5
Classes over and its thirsty thursdays >>>...
Cotto is going in.
WOW.. clean shaven.. me first knowledge of same! LOL.. opensuse / tech9iner here chum & fellow 'Micah Christened alum' biz acct
Thx Mr. Mac&Cheese #pancakes! “: #FF Foodies, be sure to follow and Great scoop on dining scene in
Book "Heaven is for real" Boy that claims he has been to heaven and back.
I'm gonna feel really badass when they don't let me in.
your earrings are amazing =D
One of the great things about having a kid-- it gets you into the habit of making travel snacks, whether there's a kid along or not.
Everything takes practice ;)
I told they are chipped and have self destruct capabilities. But I'll take the respect.
Seriously... Who thought a crapy car wash would take 40 minutes. They need to provide outs!
no problem cutie. :) why you can'T see it? My favourite Song from Jonas Brothers is S.O.S... :)
I only have 50 friends though lol thank you for following me
Hide those Holiday gifts! 50% off 5x10 climate controlled units!
Are you at the Cubs game? Was that foul ball right by you?
It's absolutely baffling how God could love someone like me
Happy Mother's Day(: <3 Treat Ya Mama Special(: <3
Q: What is the coolest name to give a kid?
wait so what are directions to your room?
Girl was pissed I got a small on a medium cup. Gee lady, dont be so cheap, it's a tiny difference for the place.
I don't even like my own feet.
can't wait to hear the full Kalup & Franco cuts...Love to see y'all in concert!! Much love
I can't wait I'm leaving and I'm moving out ugh can't wait
Happy Birthday chica hope your day is blessed
let me know when you send it
Welcome to the team, Adam! Awesome!
Man She Can Get It ALL
I did NOT have sex with that woman. But I did hack her to pieces.
"Why are you singing my part?!?!"
No wait today! 1 pm lunch though, missed the rush.
Not me...maybe it was Clooney. We get this all the time. LOL
need any in south beach?
add 14 years to ur age and u got mine///
sure, that sounds exciting! Watched the pitches yesterday and was thinking of incorporating the concepts for student projects
Hi. I need a seat. I would appreciate it so so so much.
feeling. So did U have over there in the park "exploring" if U catch my drift wink wink Oh yeah don't worry about the jacket &
Stranger danger: a truer rhyme to live by there never was.
#safetyskills is #onlinetraining simplified. Accurate and effective training. Powerful and easy to use.
Best coach in college football!!! #garypatterson!!!
RT : Soccer players can do it for 90 minutes in 11 different positions with no hands ;)
Thank you Evan for the follow!
#That1FriendThat you can tell anything to no matter what
poetrySLAM, Aug. 28 **this Sunday** starts at 4pm in Angels Gate Cultural Center **giveaways**
Lol so that a b for badd ?
Oh my God! Guys vinny from the ICONic Boyz just followed me!
Thanks Emily!
who are the most fun guards to watch of all time. Pistol, Calvin Murphy, world B Free, Iverson & Tiny Archibald?
I hear it but I don't see it
I love house parties!
Im falling asleep but i dont want to im going to drink coffee
Feel better, but sleepy! Ttyl.... Goodnight!
& im hanging out with her tomorrow . :PP
whats up man?
Happy Mother's Day to every mom out there!
Had no idea. Glad the Magpie tales are pleasing you.
oh oh can i play?
First 27 bus ride of the year came on time! A trend for 2012? We can only hope!
MILF Contest this Sunday!!!Tell all your MILF friends-lol CASH Prizes for the Hottest Moms!!!
Hey Bobby, thanks for getting me off the hook. Signed, Ozzie Guillen
thanks!! Hopefully we can get more hardware
I have a feeling this involves the new Carmel water tower. . .
today is my best friend 's 15th birthday, she's a huge fans and would love a shout out xx
Yes! Not sure when it happened, but Pinterest now shows price banners for decimal prices. Wasn't working for me before.
Torn between amazement at the plug & play factor in Drupal Gardens (the theming!!) and wanting to install modules. Can't have everything.
it gets the best of me sometimes..ugh
Every man dies. Not every man really lives. William Wallace.
Friday is my second favorite F word.
A gold medal is a nice thing - but if you're not enough without it, you'll never be enough with it. ~From Cool Runnings
This is the most pointless class to come to but I still come cuz I'm a little bitch
What the hell no Speilman? Come on. He has to be linebackers coach, and recruiting coordinator lol
A snickers satisfy the flesh. God satisfy your soul! Live healthy!
RIP Joe Paterno. People will remember you for the legacy, not the incident. Thoughts and prayers to the Paterno family.
NO!!!!!!! Please don't tell me that Junior Seau is gone.
one shot for my pain , one shot for my sorrow #
For the Tonys: still have to see 1 Best Play, 1 Best Musical, and 3 Revivals in each category. Man I'm slacking on those revivals!
Good morning.! Any recommendations for great restaurants in Scottsdale, AZ.. headed to sunshine.
Save avg of $700 when you buy/sell a home - use the "Good Faith Estimate Form" <--make sure you get what you were promised
(c) the guys won't stop dating!! Stop hating -_- this fandom makes me so mad
New address:
Off to see Francis Ford Coppolas new film "twixt" at the castro,...
what you think!!!!
ALL I WANT IS TAPE IS THAT SO HARD? I need to put my posters up GRRRRRRRRRR
Spicy Mustard Saturday! Try it on a Turkey Burger!
left during the movie just to cake on the phone with her boo
Wisdom tells me I am nothing. Love tells me I am everything. And between the two my life flows. - Nisargadatta Maharaj
Taking it easy while I recover from shin splints. My pace and endurance have suffered a lot as a result.
its beautiful today actually and lola smells like a wet dog when she is wet so ... yes! she smells fantastic! pets for zoey :)
Are you a #foursquare aficionado? Us too! Check-in during your next visit to unlock some of our awesome deals!
How did I get two frozen Margaritas again?
Excited to work with (later) in the AM. :D Always a good time! Must sleep now!!
*Hazelnut Coffee & tummy hurts * :(
Tebow passes to Mcgahee and It wont be Enough 3 yards on the Give. Punting to the Patriots.
He tryna put his name on it.
I won't be in today or Ever Again. I've found a way to earn money by staying at home working on my puter. I'm tired of getting paid for p...
I love producing House music
I mean that today is my birthday, I meet 12 years and my greatest gift would be to follow me on twitter that is what I love u <U+2665> Goodmorning
Happy Mothers Day mommy<3 love you so much! Hope you enjoyed your day:) words cannot describe how thankful I am for you.
Crazy fucking night!! And I'm sober
Nothing is forever,not even tattoos. Kat von D
Man its
Congrats for adding 289 new doors to your portfolio. Keep up the great work!
We would never do that!! I hate the dark!! oh..and clowns!!!
75 really?!? My app says 62
I hate Canadians...especially how they say words that have the "ou" sound (like "out")
Do we need urgency to visit every exhibit at every museum? No one has time to do so! Blasphemy?
Yes, +1 for you! Bring a hot date ;)
Sick of seeing the same shirtless picture of 95 pounds Adam Levine on every social networking site known to man. -_-
#inmiddelschool everyone knew my business
i think will never notice me :( </3
I love your new album ! Hope your birthday was #Epic <3
u show just get 1 again
Omg Durham was so ready last nite now on my way to Kentucky !! Let's see wat goes down tonite!! I'm So amped again!!
I know. Just don't want to be accused of getting the facts wrong (again). :P
i went swimming today(;
we erase history and turn a blind eye to the pathologies of power that transcend all borders."-Paul Farmer
Everything about me bothers you .. is that why ur so intrigued?
be nice if I could set my calendar alarms to take into account where I am and start warning me 10mins before I need to start driving
you have a twitter now!!!!
Ur a bigger idiot,discussion was on relev of Bengals to MY #Steelers n the Ravens,I didn't say MY Steelers n MY Ravens,idiot...
Dear Jesus, please help me make it through today and do my very best on all of my tests. Amen.
Then dont...just chill..approach...chat...
Jamming out to skrillex :D
Thanks so much Mel! ;-) Happy New Year to u guys!! Hope u have fun in NYC!
yess sir go huskies
ALSO - who do you use for Intl. shipping? Lost your source, and tired of hand-writing customs forms
Every tweet we read expands our mind. Let's change the world!
Only three more days of school! :D
Maybe it's more fun to guess? ;) RT : Right? Why would you not want to know who your customers are?
thanks Denise, great article. I'm a big fan of the Washingtonian!
Michael Higdon is scared of Siri. She's going to become self aware and he's telling us how.
Come visit us. :) Happy Tuesday! RT : RT : I want some Mexican food !
Just letting the days go by, hmm?
BAHAHAHA hm I CAN'T THINK OF ANYTHING *sits down and thinks hard* lmaooo
i think the same placenta u did
Why does my phone think I'm in Latvia???
you are very welcome!
Just got done watching that. Completely agreed.
Currently surviving the morning traffic on I-69. A little change of pace on a Friday morning. Thanks for the ride, !
So Omarion got signed to Maybach Music... Wait. He's still around singing?? Hm
just saw a perry girl at dicks, and asked her if she won! ;) #awk hahaha
This cold brew coffee concentrate makes a pretty quick and decent mocha
Got an app that tells happy hours are around town. Have become obessed w checking it. Just checked, & no happy hours at 9:15 am in Atl, GA.
Thank you!
do·er : noun
Russians Are the World’s Most Hazardous Drinkers www.tncnews.com
I would do it with you!
hey thanks for following, how you been? I talk more from if you are interested
Well start reading, girl! Both of you!
everyone always says "hi smiley"
": I'm not saying she is a slut, but her vagina volunteers a lot."
Uwe Reinhardt ready to talk about healthcare economics. Good introduction by
Thanks for the follow and the STAG love brotha!
eww, inside edition is going to have a dog sniffing out bed bugs on the clothes at department stores tomorrow.
Be a shepherd of your community. Help protect children by reporting incidents of neglect and abuse.
grab the dog and lets go!
omg! i love how you can give it away! are you gonna choose a random person?
synthesis essay ~leggo
Getting my blog set-up is Fun!
Well back to reality lol the movie was good I loved it
At the PR News Platinum PR Awards in NYC and sitting next to the Truth Campaign folks, Shards of Glass commercials. Brilliant stuff!
Of course, the feeling is mutual.
I should not have looked at that link while hungry.
I'm gonna see I miss him o;
Got a game a 8 in the morning ugh !!!! Well goodnight
In The.Studio.with listening to The.dope.tracks.with
Add some to your playlist today #mm #musicmonday New tunes coming soon!
Just sent a very important email.
Holy fuck it just hit me that I don't have much more time in the ATX...:(
Thanks so much for voting for me everyone! I love LOVE that I'm still on the show and am having the time of my life! THANKS!
Ok. Awkward.
how good is it?
HAHA talks about Del Rio . But you already know that
had to come up here for my stepdad. :o
Big night for #ATL and Georgia design community. GA chapter design excellence awards underway!
Must get a car wash!
even give up that prospect that supposed to be the next big thing? The one whose apartment smells of rich mahogany?
Voters are casting their ballots in WI Presidential Primary. For up-to-the minute election results, tune in to Live at 10, on TODAY'S TMJ4
Still working through Intermission on the false assumption that "oh, these are short." Three hours later, here we are.
@ the docs hopefully I'll get some good news on my hand...
Everybody cares so much that they lost friends after we graduated
Packers will take him back :) RT : Wow. #Vikings have cut Ryan Longwell.
Manning Marable vs. Henry Louis Gates on the role of the black intellectual
I hear has been taken to the infield care center!
So maybe these reasons might make more sense- 1. Going to Mars CAN make a profit (ask me how).
Just 4 bros in a station wagon. #laxgame w/
RT Sometimes your body is smarter than you are. Be sure to tune in and listen today! Brother, that's every day for me.
Andre Miller is one of the most underrated NBA point guards of all-time!! Dude can flat play. Nothing flashy, just efficient.
awesome you are a Gunners fan. What does Ray think of them?
Don't know if will have enough 4 your birthday !!
#ithankgod is trending as it should be. i have a lot to be grateful for
Fingers crossed! Everyone already thinks we're dating anyways. Pretty sure he's my soulmate.
Gameday.... Yeah come on!
I hate them. But i love !!!
I have a feeling is going to kill me after a week of eating/drinking in Europe! But excited to get back into it!
yeah! Its been amazing so much better than SBS!
I don't really know what else you're supposed to do with your neighbors. Talk to them?
just watched a perfect game! Wow, that was wild.
This dude wass tryna talk to me n the car!
The only man I can count on in my life is and I'm crying what happened to ill come runnin from a thousand miles away
It's been good! A lot of work. We just played Cheery blossom on Wednesday and got rained out lol.
Man, the views at PPL Park are stunning.
Want to try iPhone apps but always get so distracted by all those sparkly emails and texts awaiting me there!
am I the only one who wants to have fun tonight?
I Can Feel It In The Aer...... TBA
why is it so cold? i'm not liking this.
Time for Packers D to go to work
People keep asking if I had a good flight with twins. Jack covered Mike in vomit. I escaped undrenched. Does that count as a good flight?
Appreciate u too mama RT : NOWFOLLOWING! preciate the follow :)
haha that's too funny, got an evil twin on the loose.
If you could, would you choose to be only happy without ever feeling sad or lonely?
If you're an experienced volunteer coordinator I want to talk to you. Send me a message.
Thank you for playing baseball.
Know any grape growers in CA with red grapes ready to be picked next month?
Yeah! , too bad I can't find the article they wrote to go with it!
Happy Mothers day to all moms. Butt...
Pretty excited 2 to be going to the game Tues w/ and then AGAIN Wednesday w/ &
"it's on pita bread"-me "are you sure it's not on katniss bread"-
Ask Style: Have Any New Holiday Gift Wrap Ideas? I saw your gift wrap story last year, and I was wondering if you had any new ideas for s
Your children need your presence more than your presents. ~Jesse Jackson
Planning my trip to Fla for the STS-134 launch #NASATweetup. This will be my 11th
she be aight!
Ha I'm actually up without falling back to sleep. Cool. Let's listen to some instrumentals. Haha!
I thank GOD for waking me up another day!!!!!
We are also now having vegan weekends the first weekend of each month. Thanks for the awesome support on Twitter
Give me strength.
Your present is not your potential. How you perform today does not determine how you will perform in the future!
gooodmorning, all you lovely tweeters #LOVE (:
Let's not kids ourselves, were raccoon highlights really ever "In" - Someone didn't get the memo from 1998
just met a UMD student originally fr camden (says "mus[ei]um" and everything) who sounds so effing southern! fronted o's maybe?
I feel like I'm screwing myself over by not paying attention in this class ever O well
Glue Jar
Practice with the boys right now let's see how this goes! We will keep you all updated after! Keep them followers coming!
I've had strep
Heads UP! It's BRA FREE TUESDAY! Retweet if you [would like to] throw off the latex that bind you!
We refuse to be trapped in the past.
I thoroughly enjoyed your tweeting of The Great Gatsby. I love the weaving of modern humor into the novel. Thank you!
Soon enough...there is nothing like those late nights!
How practical is to put a tag line in English on a Spanish language website?
“You've always been what you are. That's not new. What you'll get used to is knowing it.” <U+2015> Cassandra Clare
RT : DJs! Have you heard my new track TEQUILA?! DM ur email. It's the 2012 summer drink anthem! "Just got mine! Thanks Tino"
He's almost eight months old and he's a terror! But we're loving him.
TWITTER! Were playing tonight with and at Broad Street Ministries! Its gonna be intense, anyone trying to come?!
#1 Dunderbocks' pub quiz - Tampa, FL
It keeps on snowing! One can barely notice we shoveled for 2 hours this morning...
Not without a real GM.
Thanks for following! No matter who you support, get out and vote!
True. My comment is more about your national perception. But the only way to eat an elephant is one bite at a time
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber <- not 1, a group of teachers scratching their nails on the chalk board
Oops, I meant underlying not underlining. Need more coffee. RT - The underlining bill erases all the gains we've made from
I could really use a nap now after that bdubs!
please settle a debate between me and my girl how tall are you?
Title: PSYCHIC BUGS.
On the road back to ATL. Lovely weather. Kids riding well and I'm getting some work done. Can't wait to get home!
no one cares about any of these tweets.
My Dreams coming true each day my past is my past my future is here Cali for the summer dance camp ( :
If you still use numbers as letters in your text messages, don't kill yourself.. I will gladly do it for you ^__^
you gotta review new mixtape.... that shit hiphop at its finest
Sad, but true. RT Education reform idea: quit telling kids they can be anything they want in life
"The more knowledge I gained the shorter the distance between no and yes" Neal Peterson
i just forwarded you the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me"
could you forward me the registration link, will that work?
#oomf just pisses me off. Don't tell me to be happy with no intention of helping the problem. -.-
love it! thank u :)
everyone on tv covering up for the vikings, who kidnapped mel kiper and what did they do with him? no one is critical anymore and it sucks
did you see the video of McCain endorsing Obama at a Romney rally.
I've learned that pleasing everyone is nearly impossible, But pissing everyone off is way easier, and fun as hell.
Definitely! All the girls are gonna be like "Daymnnn" if they see you driving that around!!
In art class and on twitter lol
Excellent question! In addition to drooling, I also can't stop touching my own face. It's like someone else's cheeks!
Singing along with "Take Me Out to the Ballgame." Ahh. Spring.
take ur clothes off and come see me!
how late are you working? i'm probably not even gonna be there til after 7 :/
Bakers Dozen.
Mother's Day biscuits? Done.... Now making a pizza sauce for the appetizer before seeing #Avengers again & more baking tonight!
prank texting is apparently the cool thing to do nowadays. dumb ass high schoolers.
Getting ready for my 2nd See Jane Run in < 2 hrs. 4000+ people running the island today FTW!
The NEWS = Negative Energy We Sell. Don't buy it. There are many more Positive things happening in this World than Negative.
I tweet like we are friends?? :)
FBCD is on the IHUB ticker buzz cloud... NICE AND GREEN!!!
is that a no?
I was kinda hoping that Newt would win the Republican vote in Florida. More longevity for the song... oh well.
hahah I;d kill to see something like that in the lab.
lol i favorited that one! Thanks. Hope u <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> ur pants today!
IMy book edits were due to my publisher yesterday and Harvard's semester is ending, so I've been very busy...
nice!!! where at?
Lucky you RT : Last night<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> No hangover&gt;
That's why I backed on you motherfuckers. All y'all can suck my dick.
A small volume might give a wonderful account of the medieval world but would you know what Anselm wrote? It is worth knowing.
Can't wait to fall in love again...and terrified at the same time. My heart has given up.
let me know how it is! I really want to read it!
blah blah fuck a blogger and his bystander opinion watching from home. It was his first US show..
Stole my phone back ahahahah
is Vice-President of the University of Maryland's Student Academy of Audiology (SAA)!
seriously. everybody's gone, there's like 5 people in advanced and i don't know any of them. tis sad:(
Wow...much love to Moho & Audio. Best bday party eva. Thank you Herman and Skylark for being amazing hosts!
Finally saw Inception hell yeah!
looking at pictures from 4 years ago..i miss having long hair :(
Real love cannot be experienced unless there is total commitment.
I seriously just got back with bottles because my nerves CANNOT TAKE THIS.
no, I had to go back to Lancaster this weekend.
in my heart? on in heart? :P
I hate having these awful headaches.....UGH!
Every Woman Is A Diamond. Every Woman or Girl Deserves Pearls. We All Deserve Affordable Couture. Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture!!!
I know it's early but I'll be gone tomorrow... #FF ajoohoo
": I'm not doing shit today. Mission accomplished."
#quote Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.-Voltaire
You always know just the right thing to say! :) RT: Sunbelt granola bars are the best!!
My phone no registered that you called, but it's been doing crazy stuff all day long
i'm not attractive but i have an american accent so..
Nah. Just the face.
maybe they are mixed with steel wool?
A belated thanks for the #FF love. Hope you have had a happy holiday season.
I'm having a hell of a Gud Time
Best memory is wheel chairing the bases and D Haren signing a baseball for both of us! With 11 yo daughter of course!
That was weird. I hadn't thrown up in a while...
Mrs ricks puts me to sleep. Smh
One side of our front yard is a graveyard, but the other side is to be Angry Birds made from pumpkins!
Metta World Peace - really? #lakers oxymoron heavy on the moron.
praying for Ashley A. Enroute to hospital. Praying for e.h. & p.l. @ srmc struggling. Praying for best from pg onbig albeit stressful day.
It better not be me!
12 to 8 we r winning half time.
I'm sure they will say something, but I don't think they'll say names or anything. Of course, everyone will know who they are
how are you? :)
YES, yes, yes even if i won't be able to attend i'm sure she would be a blessing to the conference!!!
lmfao my bad basura!! Thanks for introducing us!!
I really need to talk to coach bev b4 I do something I regret
<U+30AF><U+30EA><U+30B9><U+30C1><U+30E3><U+30F3><U+30EB><U+30D6><U+30BF><U+30F3> <U+30D4><U+30FC><U+30D7><U+30C8><U+30A6> Software - Dependency on Software ...
Is it too early to begin planning for 2012?
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my boyfriend; I <U+2665> my family...hey Alicia how you spell spoiled J-A-Y-L-Y-N-N..how you spell crazy..nevermind
It's called a "stretchy colonic".
haha a little
Do you know that Kimpton Hotels are affiliates of the Diversity Platinum Rewards Program & offering 10% off their lowest rate to our members
Out partying a little bit...
FOOD PRESCRIPTION IS THE NATURAL CURE FOR YEAST ...
she will be sad
Even when the city is quiet, you can STILL hear the damn bus.
thats a must watch every night
A week without pizza is like a day with no sunshine. Get your pizza fix in today!
ill let you know how it goes
I'm thinking about going...seats aren't too bad on StubHub
did you and kathy go to the signings?
You guys know we're going to be in the Mayday Parade right? The Boneshaker Book Bloc! See you Sunday.
i'm having a hard time getting my local crashplan copy small. i've tamed history, but doesn't seem to help...
reading Diplomacy: by Henry Kissinger
Damm my xbox ):
Press Release
yo homie - leme know if you can make it to the Artifacts show on the 20th. we should link up and cypher. been way too long
We can go for months and not tune into them, then six months later we look in and the same stuff is going on
Amen to that. Google should remember Dr. King
As tribute to Andrew Breitbart, ignore coroner's report and insist that he died of cocaine OD while attempting to fornicate with goat.
GiddyUp is looking for developers (Android & iOS). If you like what we're doing, send us an email with your info at
just bought my first cigar without getting asked for my I.D! Score: Katherine: 1 fourteen-yr old look: 0
. No, SCDP is fine. I'm just feeling pressure with 's triumph. Everything's fine. But London may have to wait.
When people take forever to respond-.-
sure thing. Just one?
do you still have gl spots to onra in a half hour? haha sorry so last minute
Just emailed you guys. Hope to hear from you soon!
Just ordered my CAN'T WAIT! Thanks :)
Happy Almost Birthday!!!!
Headed to MI SOTL Academy in Ypsilanti today. Maybe I'll run into some EMUers. . .
Finally have a Sunday night free to join #sbchat -- been way too long
"Two are better than one. . . . If one falls down, his friend can help him up." -Ecclesiastes 4:9,10
I saw Brandon Spikes' acting debut. Too much nudity.
you are horrible..... hahahahhahahaha but um they were amazing
The Great Stroller Genie is here to grant you 3 stroller wishes, what are they?
Good Morning!
or even a basic voting system. Maybe someone needs to write github issue wrapper (like a free, lightweight JIRA).
is that a joke? If not sam hurd needs 2 call 1 800 reality
returned from MI w/12 new pairs of running shoes. I paid for 1 pair (racing flats!). I heart having friends w/running shoe connections.
Ever met a person that didn't love music?
Go Big Blue!!
Beautiful note from my mother today, too filled with positivism not to share: "Good morning, my sweetness. Make today a beautiful one."
I bet. Is she focusing on expats, or community and belonging in general?
: hey, the van won't ride itself bud!
It's 'cause you guys are Commies. While you guys studied and did homework, I slept and read all day -.-
So many things to do. /does nothing
Just signed up for your news letter and pre-ordered Beyond Fate!!!!
--Zac Brown Band Ticket GIVEAWAY!! Ticket Giveaway on Thursday May 10th and Concert May 11th!! Sponsored by LAND SHARK!!!--
Would like to watch the performances too!
i miss you to :[ i never play anymore its so sad im so terrible lol bellys too big i have to give her all my attention!
I've moved on from grey goose to jack and coke
walmart... Lol... How was ur day???
Women: The cure for this hate, the cause of man's insanity.
Veterans, show your proof of service and receive 50% off your meal today! Thank you for serving our country and protecting our freedoms!
“: Why has the Grover #Norquist #gay scandal not broken yet? Seriously, listen to him without watching TV. I mean, come on"
She's Long Gone
East towne mall to campus in 12 minutes? I should drive cabs.
haven't been to church since 1995. Okay so I lied
Ahh The Lucky One was amazing!! Zac Efron was incredible in it.
KATY PERRY CONCERT IN T MINUS 15 DAY!!!!
Like really no1 gives a 2 fuck about ur relationship it's ok 2 say we're fine but thn every 5mins every fucking day oh I'm talking 2 him
OK time for me to get in the shower
So I don't know. What do we think about Google+ so far? Useful new utility or just Facebook also-ran?
since we are a non-profit we don't have funds to pick up bikes, but it is a awesome idea for the future!
selena and justin broke up cause she was getting stuff like "omg lol justin cheated on you" cause of that next chick that (c)
Having in a room full of CUPPA people could be the cognitive equivalent of the Large Hadron Collider
"Anymore?" Or did they *ever?* This is also very upsetting with regard to professors at library schools.
We're lucky just to be here. #serious were the ones who get to be here. Doing this.
#teamcamriley ... TREND IT
Lol Of course I got escorted out
Happy hannukah to all my fellow celebrators
Good Morning World! Your 1st thoughts will frame the rest of your day. Guard them wisely!
lol random x)
I just sign onto my old twitter account. I was like wtf.... Where did all my fans go lol.
may cause an immediate urge to seek out nearest & indulge in a savory steak. t.co/G6JdeFu
S/O to for being pretty AF And looking banging with the new hair.
don't worry hun were gonna start going to a lot together again :)
RT : Marketplaces should be ultimately relevant to users. Eco-systems, and platforms with great ux win the day.
What do and I have in common? is following us on twitter.... Wait, I can't coax a follow.
I'm play this game 4 life macking and hanging
China and the rest of the Dancers did so great i love it good job guys
ight. You better start practicing
actually, it's a tweet...i'm writing about social media and how it's changing the realm of PR
No kidding! They have the best drinks and fries!
Omg! (White Girl Moment) Fried Lasgna From Olive Garden Is Amazing! Best Food I've Tried From Over There!(: Well Today Was Great!(; Text!?
RT : Love Monday Nights at Jake's! 50% Off Bottles All Night Long!
Real men create Drupal Modules ... with vi ...
now the rangers are skating! great start to period 2
Thoroughly convinced that everybody and their momma wants to become a brewery. I love my job I love my job I love my job..... 8 /
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am. You can also get job help from our tutors as well. Polish that resume!
One of the finest acoustic guitars I ever played was made by Jim Sullivan in Tennessee. He lives near Nashville www.sullivanguitars.com
Come in tonight and check out our gravy cheese fries with italian pork sausage gravy, paired with a nice draft and shuffleboard.
thick > long & skinny.
good job baby
The Steakhouse Bar-rito is as awesome as their website. Thanks for the intro!
Jill McGowan and Dress for Success team up tonight! Visit Jill McGowan in Freeport for cocktails with a cause....
I am very tempted to break into and apartment and jump on their beds. Wakey wakey, sunday funday guys!!
tell me y I ran into Mac yesterday
aha I'm sorry (:
#Thatawkwardmoment when you're so tired you lick your friend's shoe? #Ohjeeze ...
Summer term is over. Don't forget to register for fall. In the meantime enjoy the next couple of weeks off.
You Will Never Become Old And Wise If You Aren't Young And Crazy
When will the Suns throwbacks be up for auction? Pretty sweet!
I hear the canadian ICONiacz wont be able to see ABDC until Sunday. Guys let's not spoil it for them. Okay.
thanks for following :D
Full Friday ahead, and I'm looking forward to it.
Leave your problems at work!
I want to wake up to something nice.. I need that right now
Come on, North Carolina. We're better than this =(
First day of school tomorrow! So excited for my first day at the #universityofwashington !
fire away!
#GIVEAWAY soon! 1 more follower & 1 of you will win a #PRIZEPACK w/ our favorite things to help stay healthy!
didn't bother watching the sky for the shuttle. now, the question is can i make it from office to AdMo in time to get a free smoothie?
Happy Valentines Day!
i have already taken care of that for you, sorry for the trouble. =)
I'm trying out this new latex-free band aid and they should market this to athletes. You don't loose any mobility in the bandaged area.
Real "BASS" is a lot more than deep, vague, pitcheless, muddy "noises" in the background....listen!
That link takes me to Google Docs...?
No one is texting me. </3
But I think it's fair to state that, even for the unconvinced, an 8 seed doesn't mean much when they got there due to woeful shooting luck.
Nothing is better than appreciation
well...of course i remembered :)
is mulberries good? I am trying to figure out what to do for ours, too...
Veron and Berba for me. Both times we were adding a world-class player to the best of that position group in the world.
Tired been a long week !!
I want proof
Not so. More money will not attract the "brightest". This profession involves the heart
it will come as no surprise to you that I have absolutely no idea what this is a reference to
love you too gurl.
I wasn't on the mini-trip last week in Portland & Seattle. All of that happened there. Inspired by the big trip this past summer.
I thought that till I saw them on the way to the show I was like "There real,There real,there real" :)
Fashion accessory of the month in Wilmington, DE is the medium sized Vicky Secrets bag as a purse.
KOMO-TV 4 Seattle in Portland in my home tomorrow. More cameras at PDX tomorrow. Producer in Cali talking movie on Wed.
What can wash away my sin, what can make me whole again? NOTHING but the blood of Jesus.
throw away dat cheap ass metro
This video I have to make for drama <
Italians at bar openly mocked American football while the Pro Bowl was on. We Americans were so, so, so ashamed. Thanks a lot, NFL.
lol im not perfessional like that but i cam freestyle #nojoke lol
yea Ren! #Easter weekend roadtrip. Is Leo your co-pilot?
Justin Vernon is just glad it's not him on stage with Rihanna!
Love the new video. Congrats on 10,000! Julia is amazing!
if my college students are showing it in their updates, the younger ones are too.
I have a lot of stuff.
Good morning and make it an alkaline day!
Ft. Worth Home Show is this weekend March 19-21st at Will Rogers Memorial Center! We bring the companies to you, one stop shopping!
Dwyane Wade is an assassin
Biting your tongue <<
#Work & #ChurchFlow... It's so possible..
As GA Pre-K Wk #1 comes to an end, a big thx you to our partners and the 107 legislators who visited Pre-Ks and celebrated early ed with us.
and are the two hottest Twitter accts right now - What's good for lunch at Clearspring? I'll be there at noon!
In the US especially, museums probably have liability issues to worry about. My workplace has chaperon ratio rules (cont)
your background
#SheWantsTheDick if dat ass tooted up while y'all laying down.
Hey did you go to Rusko?! Hey umm.. did you see the game last night?THE CUBS WON
Hell Yea shit crazy
Would like to thank Don Newman of the San Antonio Spurs for making the right choice by having his vehicle serviced at Express Lube.
nothing..... at the moment.
Last dude super Lame shawty had enough..
You don't know anything about me anymore, so you don't have any right to say that.
Apple Preparing Upgrade to iCloud (Jessica E. Vascellaro/Wall Street Journal)
and then the news had little kids on there and kids at a certain age erk me and thats not how i wanted to wake up
#15peopleilove My mom
Google+ looks pretty sweet. Invite me Google!
For now.. it does cap his overall marketability and consumer audience I'd think, yes? He can't ever go mainstream like other guys
just had a first time theatre-goer purchase tickets! awww the warmth of spreading the joy of theatre
just jealous that if i have to make a call i can...
So answer is? Californians worry about college funding, don't want to pay for it, also don't want higher student fees. j.mp/tUa2o2
It's weird to think I was just 13. Time goes by too quick. Anyways how are you?
To many damb squirrls around here ... Im scared of thos tricks
I was laughing so hard at that interview! "A muc a muc a muc A what?!" Hahaha.
You say spaghetti sauce, I say "does it have beef in it?"
it's weird to watch the morning news from a diff station. Ugh direct tv
drive to the ghetto of San bernadino, no appointment! Arrrrrrrr
I'm getting REALLY bored with the apps I have only iPod. Any suggestions for good apps???
It's like "gangstas" want to look as ridiculous as possible.
ATTN: Local LA Bands! Email yr info to if you're interested in participating in a summer music event hosted by WiredIn!
I can't wait to try makeup
I'm young, educated and technologically savvy, but I can't seem to get the hang of twitter. How silly is it that I feel guilty for that?
Another day at Mira Loma in court fighting for a bond and talking to detainees... Today government did not have file so judge could not gran
you're a freak
At #wiredfor2020 event at mall of America very good content and a great cause using tech to mentor children. Cool stuff!
Taking a quick break at the Managing Electronic Records Conference in Chicago.
Hey guys, join my new fitness and dating website, BlackFitandSingle.com. I'm now offering a free 1 year membership! Use promo code BFS1TW09
Biggest night for music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Before New Year's Eve: Update Your Resume & LinkedIn With Key Accomplishments from 2011 & Set Career Development Goals for 2012
American Idol!!
dat Peach Mango Kool-Aid! What? yea thats right
anything I can do? for the event? Im philly based
Go Tribe! RT : The Cleveland #Indians lead the #ALCentral with 9 wins. The Boston #RedSox are last in the #ALEast with 8 wins.
A few played me but fuck it my game got tighter & hoes got colder
Since bread is square, then why is sandwich meat round?
It is full-on *snowing* on the central #oregon coast. My family is here from CA on spring break. Yay, spring!
let's hope they can keep it up
What part of Total Recall fan fiction do you not get, literary magazines of America?
Some people think it's holding that makes one strong — sometimes it's letting go.
Love seeing featured in #LPBW tonight.
hahaha our bad
love lime green too! All these colors! Isn't is CRAZY this year?!?!
I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it. ~Edgar Allan Poe
Good thing you have Twitter access, Rex! Trending topics can help you learn about everything that happened while you were away.
Don't know how it translates on the Stream but the crowd is quite hot live.
just recognized an extra in an anne of green gables movie from a particular episode of are you afraid of the dark. i'm awesome.
doing well my friend, you?
sure thing! either way, i'd love to hear how it goes!
really goes to Dennys to eat... who'd of thought it..
it's not my favorite anyways :P
my boss is opening for skid row!! in florida. wish we were there ;) isnt a week from saturday a special day!? hm
Why am I always so hungry?
Great planning mtg today for our Oct 23 brunch and auction. It was fun to pick the song choices for our multigenerational choir.
Oh, and I cleaned my house so Connor could come over tomorrow.
There is too much cool stuff going on in the world. I can't keep up with it all.
My cat Bob, is a lazy fuckwad...sleeps all the time...
Flying to Vegas office. The southwest attendant was the funniest one ever.
No idea. When I found Dave again he was living in Thailand. MTV was starting to suck by then.
Who else is stuck in Virgina, wants to go home real bad and will buy me implants?
All great choices!
good too see Nate Hicks headed to FGCU!
Hey dood thought I saw you. You around tomorrow?
Just watching TV, nothing much!
Today here is the plan. 1:20 we go on at the Arts fest downtown 'round CCAD campus. Then at the Treehouse round 9pm for Peppercorn benefit
Np ^^ Glad I came across it :3
Woo-Hoo! BINGO!
Man I look dumb as hell outside with this down coat on...mfs out here in shorts and shit...smh
I died when I read that. #NoPunIntended - have a lobster bisque and a crapload of cheesy bread for me!
Happy St. Patty's day!
We definitely won't! Can't wait to release some stuff
Thanks for the support. Hope I can make your day better
RT : NBC reporter in Pittsburgh reporting #Packers off. coordinator Tom Clements and Greg Roman (49ers) finalists for #PSU job.
Swimming in a little while. (:
Never having to wonder how the other person feels about you because its clear you both feel the same way :) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I frikkin love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
If anyone has a solution that will allow me to move 500GB from a MAC external HD to PC, please RESPOND, RT, DM, SEND SMOKE SIGNALS; SOMETHIN
Seriously. $99 360 with Kinect is pretty big. A "free" Nextbox would be huge.
My mom is ! But I will tell my bff Happy Tday too!
Thank you!
Once again, he made me get more soup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>.
oh foreal ? Why didn't you go ?
what a beautiful saturday....i should be riding!!!!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive A Sense Of Humor. If You Can't Make Me Laugh Then It Probably Won't Work.
- thanks for the mention!
Hi! If your still looking for work and need a resume FREE. go to minorityjobs.net u can use the job board free also!
1 More Day Of Hell.
Happy National Cupcake Day!
My job/vaca in Connecticut is coming soon...so excited. Also my directorial debut with my theatre class.
Make your way to 929 tonight, Strictly Biz is happening. makes fun of people whilst and I provide your soundtrack.
I could give up my left hand, before I could give up Bacon.
Wonderful news! They are a very luck university! many congratulations!
how's it that movie. I was wondering about it?
It is not recommended, or very easy, for either ring type to be resized
hello :D
Conceptualizing some designs for the up and coming collab with graphic nachure.
Thanks for the support!
BUTLER FIRST BASEMAN JOINS BUCKS ~ Summer Ball
Tom, honored for the follow and to connect with you. Thanks for #sachat!
#RnBThrowBacks : I Wanna Know ~ Joe
Barcelona scored SEVEN unanswered ( and fun) goals today.. Love to see a team keep its foot on the gas. Teams play so well with no pressure.
The last two sessions I have gone to have been filled up.
Here's Appy's email- !
stop saying #TeamEast when u were all on Kobe's dick last year.
2 weeks in and loving it! Pittsburgh has a lot of construction needs and we aim to please!
<~~ this man surprised me, he can sing.
Dinner and a movie. Hope think like a man is as good as people say.
I will finish this essay by 1 o'clock >:D !
Oh man, #smash is getting so intense tonight.
Twenty six point two = a Monumental Marathon! Have the COURAGE to start, STRENGTH to endure, RESOLVE to finish!
89 days I guess. I don't even know anymore.
Sucks that you weren't born in Texas
hey brudda! Thanks for following, keep us all updated on Warzone! Gonna be sweet!
At dewy's bout to FUCK IT UP!!!
In Melbourne, FL, teaching at the FIT Creative Writing Institute and staying by the beach in (wonderfully named) Indialantic.
in order: Pulp, Reservoir, Kill Bill 2, Ing Bast, Kill Bill, Jackie Brown, Death Proof, 4 Rooms
Taught #MBAUSF students about 6 Thinking Hats today
Words of wisdom from my arabic ta: its not corruption, its hospitality
good thing you have an extra one!
Going through Voices in the Clouds press kit materials. Aaron Hose is good writer.
Publicly declaring my intention to finish the revisions on this chapter (and footnotes!) by the end of the day tomorrow.
Yup. Uninstalled and reinstalled Air & Tweetdeck. Open Tweetdeck & get: Unable to connect to Twitter, pls check your firewall.
Drawing a taco cat was my idea.
Congrats to so many friends & great SD businesses also honored at tonight's Fastest Growing Cos event!
I still remember when I heard #SelenaQuintanilla was pronounced dead. She was and still is one of my favorites! May she rest in peace <U+2661>
Friend of mine's string quartet appears in background of a scene in Avengers. Local news covers it, but can't show scene b/c of "(c) issues"
Hey Ralph, sent a couple of emails, would love 5 mins on your show to talk 3D, future of graphics, and all things geeky
Happy Birthday #iPod!
Peer groups for fall are available to register for. Find out how peer groups are different from social skills groups!!!
he better be correct.
I realize I'm 4'11, but getting carded 5 times within the past two days is out of control
Thank you sweetie for the RT! Blessings you soulful gerl! :) Happy holidays!
Thanks everyone , you rock ! :-)
Somthin happened to my twitter page?? looks DOPE though.
Its a start of something neww . <3
Sour d got me on anouther existent
Oh...and how oblivious you are this... If only you knew... Wow
In this world if it ain't broken, better break it.
Juss watched dis girl get whooped on social cam smh.... she was talkin all mess too askin for it
Miley Cyrus Cutting Herself? Startling Photos And Tweets Reveal Trouble
tonight and i will be living in the same house and i'm kind of scared.
Well hell sir. Come to Blood on the beach. There will be many men in swim-suits there. You'll love it.
Watching Bridesmaids it's so hilarious
Can Google Plus ever hope to catch up with Facebook? Have you tried Google Plus yet? It will be interesting to see how things develop.
Wow... intense.
I asked nate what I liked, he replied "penis, baseball players, 2nd basemens, black guys, and maybe mexicans" he hit it right on the spot.
I'll have my finest polo shirt pressed for such an occasion.
I dreamed a thousand new paths ... I woke and walked my old one.
how about u actually use your phone sometime
Do not follow this guy… he is a punk:
producing or shooting
Let it be known across the internet: has a way with legumes.
NEED COFFEE.
That's every artist's wish :) LOL
anything for you Gills! I love your profile pic!
Keep your friends close....Kill your enemies, it'll make things a lot easier
Can someone help me get more followers?!?! Please!!!:)
Alek you're so funny when you're sick omg you rascal love me down.
YPOQ Elevate The Youth Benefit Mixer/Cash Giveaway - Tomorrow @ Polar Lounge - 201 E 24th St NYC - RSVP at
I have off today - jealous?
The one YOU will need to drive up to. : ) Elmhurst CRC. Don't let the southsiders tell you otherwise. It's the best.
Two goals down and Arteta is out within 10 minutes. Wonderful.
Ryan Gosling is perfect
Delicious carb overload at BWs New Port Richey. Happy belly.
Glad to hear it! Oh yes...the Gorgonzola Stuffed Dates are one of our staple appetizers :-)
Why did we get in trouble for chewing gum in junior high? Haha
Letting go has never been easy, but holding on can be just as difficult....
High School is alrrriitteeee :x
Nothing like a 39 degree walk to wake you up in the morning.
will your next music video gonna be more sexy? :) #SexySwag Ps please follow me <3
The #Bruins are a disappointment. Sad to see the state they are in right now...
RT There is a difference between what u say and what u do
Shoot for diverse environments.
lol.. So the answer is yes???? I don't have to drive far if it is in Miami;)
thought you were sick? should be gettin some rest
If my mind was a Connecticut then we'd all be in serious trouble
I KNOW U C ME BUT I DONT WANT U IM ENJOYING LIFE AS IT IS NOW MANY BLESSINGS COMING THIS WAY I WISH I WAS SHARING THEM WITH U
Cheer replaced cloture fights Mon eve as Sens felt bipartisan spirit @ Secret Santa gift swap org by Al Franken. Who got the lump of coal?
you need to include some mentions and hash tags...and follow a bunch of people.
Oh I see how it is.
Jealousy is all the fun you think they had. - Erica Jong
"What the mind can conceive, it can achieve." - Napoleon Hill. It may take rolling up your sleeves and doing something about it (McGinnis)
Three screens..., #thepitch, and social media. Thank god for technology.
A 1000 ways to die is ridiculous lol
Just Tried Deep Fried Oreos While Watching The Light Show On Freemont St. c:
how much valentines chocolate am I allowed to buy for myself without giving off an air of self pity?
Agreed. Seems akin to turning a steam ship around to get traditional market/pr ppl to grasp sm need.
haha if I decide to do it then yes. :)
Girl mouths off in front of her dad's boss, then sneaks out of her room with pals who later wreck the office. --if John Hughes did Star Wars
It's beauty night! First an binge now on to a new hair do!
great video!
My Twitter goal is to have reply to me or follow me. Low chance but I'll try. :)
- Glad you're enjoying the #FGS2010 info! I'm learning so much that it only seems fair to share the wealth.
<A #trend of one ;) Wouldn't have it any other way.
That would be excellent
Ted Neugent's comments threatening to Obama or to himself? Maybe he streaks the south lawn at the Whitehouse... get arrested?
real talk.
I wonder if guys that look like Santa get particularly angry this time of year.
thanks sis! My Mom is in Heaven with God- TO GOD BE THE GLORY& I THANK HIM FOR HER!!
Love chicken quesadillas.
Coach isn't the difference...class is.
You just made a twitter?
Just got off of Facebook, I'm thinking about deleting my page. Because its full of shirt!!
A customer just said they were obsessed with tees we printed for them. I'm down with that.
Blueberry! Trying to watch my trans-fats.
sorry was swamped here, saw also sent out info.
your coming down for thanksgiving right ?
I already know what's finna happ
City-wide problems with Verizon phones are affecting us and To reach Work It you can dial 1-800-488-1885 ext. 6874
Lamborghini mercy. Your chick, she so thirsty.
Do you have a preference when it comes to drinking your beer from a mug or a pint glass?
Do we get to play RJ tomorrow?!
YA WE DID
Walked into the salon & "Boys in the hood" was bumping & see my co-worker dancing & styling her hair
no I gotta make an account to download it
. In some classes, the ability to pass a Reading Counts quiz becomes high stakes. Some feel if not, they won't take them.
Another gorgeous day outside. Wish there was such a thing as an outdoor office!
on some real shit I want your jeans. But good presentation !!
Kinda cool talking to my mom on mothers day ...weird & cool
I think the Dome is fine... If it's not broke don't fix it.
Many, many thanks to all of you who have posted such great recommendations on our page! You're awesome!
YUMM!! My favorite kinda sub!!! Now just add some pepperoni and banana peppers and we are in business!!! :)
The 40 greatest TRL moments is making me feel so old. :(
when did you get on Twitter?
Just saw stat that 1 in 7 Americans are on food stamps! And most are kids.
wanna! But I'm sleepy. Gonna go home and spend time with God :-)
That awkward moment when you can’t stop laughing while telling a joke and when you are finally done, your friends doesn’t even get it.
Snowed for 5 minutes and back to the sun. Gotta love this place. :-)
Well I was glad that you let me help you I just didn't want you to get more sick then you already were so that's Y I offered !*)
All i was taught was to be real so get da fuck on with the fake shit
RT : This is the day the Lord has made; let us rejoice & be glad in it. -Psalm 118.24
Love is never wasted on the right person
wait are you serious right now?!!
learned a lot today via one day consulting from #mongodb problem not quite solved but getting way closer!
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
is just about the only person that can ask me questions.
Thanks for your help!
lmaooo I miss u 2 and nah there aint shit to do out there
EEk. So glad you're alright!!
I really hope that iv'e made my dad proud...that's all I ever try to do.
Now off to the #Sixers game
#ThingsILookForwardTo getting over this cold
good luck if you move to NC. just spent 3 yrs in Raleigh and loved it.
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU114
Overheard in the studio: Can you open up a #SavedByTheBell job number?
you sure? do you have a celeb look alike?
Here's to healthy hair!
I miss you too babe!
It's Tuesday Enjoy!!!
Looking for gameplay programmers w/ 2 years of experience for studio in Bay Area.
GEARING UP 4 A BUSY WEEKEND OF TRAVEL BBALL W/ MY SON BUT 1ST A LITTLE CELEBRATION CANT WAIT TIL 2NITE
As for college, WA has a program called Running Start where juniors/seniors in high school can go to college for FREE!
i don't think a 53 year old perv dick has erection power like u and me!
The tip-in-the-air to garner an extra possession was great, but he is just completely incompetent offensively...
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal! Love leaves a memory no one can steal!
Hey math. Fuck you.
Thanks for the follow ! Love your magazine!
So proud of you!
here u go lil one
It'd be even damn gooder if they didn't wait a year in between seasons. Damn that Darabont....
We love this idea and thank everyone who has chosen to give their monthly #donation to Books For Kids!
Up next is !
Wow just saw tulisa's new MUSIC video
Have you done your NCAA bracket? Who is in your final four?
NICE! Can't wait to see the ledouxvillezone! Where will it be?
Lookin' cute in a $4 Ralph Lauren outfit, discovered the gas station down the street has a candy-bar dedicated cooler, phone w
MADE MAN AINT NOBODY MAKE A NIGGA BOOK A FLIGHT TO VEGAS YOU WANA TAKE ONE WITH US! #TIMETRAVELERZ T>T>
what if it hits you in your face. ?
you're a gentleman and a scholar for offering sir! I'm good though bro, just gotta oversee everything today and play boss
Slick wanna go to church....
Android users! Brand new version of line please released with edit support, recording support and much more!!
Treat yourself to a facial. Call us or stop in today!
Olive Garden on my mind....
When is the mainstream media going to point out that the deaths of all these musical legends have happened on Obama's watch?
what made you wanna join BGC?
There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course a quiet conscience.
this bitch trying to hard in her facebook defaults smh
I hate it when #humanscum on the bus much more than I hate anything else.
who's your favorite ICONic boy?
Why am I home smh...
#ifyouknowmeyouknow then you know everything is FU!
Loudest storms ever here in Indiana last night...Very weird weather...
I love you randall :')
I swear #MountUnion is following me.
Obama is in Shaker Heights Wednesday again. Tickets are free and open to public at the district adm. building Tuesday. First come
Baseball game! It's a beautiful day!
I LOVE YOU! & I voted 4 you!
can't wait to see you
TASTING - It’s a salsa fiesta out there
Good morning twitter world! It's time for #FF and we have to send a HUGE one to
Watched a movie called "Into the Wild," Great soundtrack composed by Eddie Vedder.
Oh'my fault...I meant the "down" beat.
Oh, and I'll definitely be at Long Beach Comic Expo if you're going!
Slowly but surely. Just watch
i love it so much when i'm already having a super stressful shitty day and then on top of my family is acting like a bunch of bitchy girls
we fell in love in a hopeless place
Did not have a chance to say hi in the hustle after NTTF task force mtg Sunday, but appreciated thoughts/ideas you offered.
Some wx model indication that immediate area wx pattern to turn mild and stormy as we head towards Easter. Something to watch...
My brother is a year and 2 months old and he weighs 32 lbs.
We're growing by leaps and bounds! Employees added, studio acquired and our first show being developed!
I feel weird tweeting celebrities cause it's like talking to yourself
i want a boy bff .
What a great venture you & your wife created together! Hope you both enjoy the wkd :)
Santana just told off Rachel!!!
I hadn't thought of that angle. If only I could just say "Avada kedavra!" and GO.
your nuts!
in bed, I'm still sick. I effin hate it.
Haven't gone to practice once this whole week >__<
my grandma told me shed buy me an iphone?
is the tavern/giftshop at the old Pabst Brewery in the Mil.
Take me away to Broadway!
Lmao Yes! I finally just hung up RT : lmfao! Be like. Noo when i say goodbye youll DEFINITELY KNOW!
He Say He Loves To Hear My Voice
someone should write a book. Lol.
new degrees of hip freedom found in yoga class (cc: )
Vegas sucks. I ask my friends why they stole my phone and left me alone at the club?Their excuse- 'we stole a Dj's cane' wtf!
Happy birthday, beautiful!
np- Too Turnt Up ft. Grove St.
This morning was good then I woke up.- Evan
Why am I surprised and annoyed by the 7am race start time this weekend? i need to train tonight. that will be good enough, right?
what's your favorite film score so far this year? mine is "Drive"
Occasionally I venture to Jezebel from Deadspin (this case: 's Guide to Hipster Racism), but always come out like Colonel Kurtz
Holy crap what a great night! Every band has KILLED it, and now errbody stoked for some Bet On Black.
haha, what did I do now?
Ha, no worries. It happens to the best of us!
quite an interesting premise, although I would argue no a new Germanic empire is not on the rise
. Hello! I am in the exhibit hall near coffee, happy to chat! Talk is at 4:50 in "J".
yes! I have wood! Everbody come over and we'll pile it next to my neighbor's house and burn that bitch down.
From the man : Don't ever let anyone steal your joy. Remember, you're the sperm that won.
Maybin says he's excited about #Jets' desire to get faster, and no one was happier to hear that than him. Matches his game.
ahh okay, so it simplifies your social networking experience by making everything easily accessible at any time...very nice.
How's today turning out? I'm tweeting and the dead don't tweet. So, I guess I'm off to a pretty good start.
Read articles by Temple, Chantal , , John Elder Robison, Lucy Jane Miller & the creators of PECs-in MAY #AADigest !
US men's National Soccer team playing better tonight, winning 1-0 early against T&T
My eye red but my brim low..
Heard about the Renoysa Border O my Does this mean the us border isnt safe to travel to ?? I have a shoot there soon ekks
u welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
55 days until T in the Park though
is learning all kinds of web 2.0 stuff.
I love writing and having people who have the chance to comment on my writings. Even if it's just a Twitter Feed!
Check 305movement.com for the latest interviews from miami artist, producers, directors and more!
Today I had to play the Piano and it was only me & the 2 singers on stage. I loved it.
me neither, i can jam out to them all day long!!
I hope you all are following She's dweamy. ;)
I love that you despise adele!
Not Spotify related, but this time I saw YOU on Highland a couple days ago after work. You live around those parts?
Perhaps a Zev harbinger?
LOL RT ": chandler ready to start his off season... i dont blame him... smoke one fam"
Update on Dalmatian/bulldog "Pajamas" - her weight is now 49lbs., up from 28 late January. Great!
Watching Biggest Loser on the countdown to SOA! Yeah baybee!
Just met ken coomer (my producer) and his wife for the first time and I already feel like family. :) this is going to be a good spring break
If anyone is tipping picks and can read this, let me know.
thanks for the link, I'll check it out! :-)
Yesteray, it hit me that it's essentially spring ... then it snowed. Back to being skeptical about DC weather.
Entrance is on north side of Kinley just west of 1st!
“: your shrimp boat at home is jealous that your enjoying a shrimp boat without me #shortpeopleproblems” ha! Luv u!
So tired. Don't think the second load of laundry is getting folded tonight.
thanks for the follow
I wish I could help him feel better
I just started indoor rockwall climbing, my goal is to head upstate NY to the Gunks before the end of summer at least once.
One Direction is going to be home for my Sweet 16. Where am I going for my Sweet 16 you may ask? LONDON! BOOM!
thanks for the mention in your awesome article- on how gourmet food is like social media, totally addicting!...
Mary Timony, you shredded your way into my heart. #WildFlagAhhhh!
In a world filled with blame, it is comforting to our customers to be secured by an alarm company who takes responsibility.
the satisfaction of being number 11 x 271 (271 is a prime number)!
Whenever I see someone walking down the street carrying a skateboard I automatically think it's stolen...
uh do tell.....young guy shirt, where?
If you haven't entered for a chance to win tixs to this wkend's Discover the Dinosaurs, today's your last chance. G'luck!...
That and the one into the stands that cost him a CG were both against the Brewers.
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
mad at me so i told her to shut up and now we are mad at each other lol but u no how we are
DAMNIT ROYALS WHY MUST YOU SUCK WHILE IM WORKING
A dolla make me holla, honey boo boo child!
i got 99 problems...and my legs are two of them
my big win would = maverick, reformer, job creation, Alaska. say earmarks!
Wow speedee in mesquite near my house must of got hit BC the roof is gone
did you ever hear back??
note: I started at page 5 because everything before that was too ________ for my taste...
#Apple had $7.9 billion in revenue from #China in Q2
I want the cheesy dates at the movies, the stupid walks on the beach.
I love pizza but it makes my clothes shrink
#GameofThrones Ep. 3 was top notch. An excellent translation from the book. Yoren's story was brilliant!
Downtown Hollywood is buzzing!!! Come out for some green beer! :)
actually, it feels like it's working! yay modern medicine!
Considering cutting all my hair off again. I just don't recognize myself anymore.
Derrick Rose is the MAN!
not my business. I wrk for them & trying to help promote us in North Dallas. Its tasty though! Hope you guys can help!
This. RT : "Where you shocked w/ their 13-0 start". What the hell?? "No Craig, we figured we'd look like crap to start"
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe nothing... I haven't read it or seen it...
In advisory with
next 2 you
Yes I do act alot more mature and look a lot older then what I really am! You dont need to tell me that everyday!
Happy Memorial Day everybody!!!
It's going to be difficult to concentrate at work today with the game only 11 hours away.
If you weren't a singer/acress, what would you be? NOTICE ME! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH<33
Received an #in invitation today from an esri partner reminding me that in 2004 it took 3-5 minutes to render an Arcgis map on an i850.
Smh i hate going to the store this late
Love that damn place! LOL
I'm not sure I have ever seen such a temperamentally computer as the HHG server. It had another go at me after we got off the phone
Need an orange leather jacket like has in my life!
I guess I shoulda been more like her...
Great portfolio!
Found a movie on Netflix called Sunday School Musical. Um, this should be some luls. Watching liek now.
are you french ? (:
Why am I feeling this...
I smell like a black Smh lol
only if you don't choose blanks! Lol
Don't know anyone over there, but if you Sound Of The City folks want an anti-Black Keys thinkpiece, holla!
Shine on you Crazy Diamond...
Looking forward to Run Club tonight at Lululemon. I also get to meet my #FitMKE Femme Fatale team members! :)
I liked ScarJo's dress, but I hate her.
Dallas bound
Follow Us Bro, We have something we would like to email you we you have the time. #Trust #Its Worth It Thank You
Chocolate syrup!
Bo! RT : positive attitude Monday
just put the smack down on this pot of collards, m m good.
I love working on mothers day #NOT!
No seriously, your style is like sexyy retro haha I love it!!
Ish happens people make mistakes, but plz know the difference between a smile and the smirk on my face# ventsession
#AllMyExs can go die.
Thanks for the love sweety keep in touch
So I take it the rest of 2012 is gonna be shitty?!! Great -_-
Yes I would love to see Randy Moss back with the Patriots!
Shoulda just stayed ;)
i absolutely do, but i'm not going to be around tonight.
Cool! RT we are about to be BESTIES! LK is moving to the 'Haven in 2 weeks!
Whole house smells like bacon ;p.
If you wanna achieve it...weave it!! is the BEST in the biz for sew in #hairextensions !!!
Artie Lange live Also check out Artie as The Lottery Show streams live tonight at 10:30 PM. www.thelotteryshow.com
I'm sure they do - I'm just TOO OLD to actually know! LOL!
whhhhhhhhhhhaaaatttt no lol, it didn't start THAT slow
Session with Burb-N-Hitez and D Bridge has joined us tonight
“Knowing is a process not a a product.” Jerome Bruner (1966)
"The discovery of greatness in her legs came too late for the kind of dreams a younger woman might have." Use my 1 NYT article: ol' runner.
In the Casamance working with the Good, full day today. Talked to 6 land-mine victims. Very inspiring stories.
#kids Kindergarten LEGO Program! at Pine Richland Youth Center, Tue, May 8 1:30p: Do you have a child in morning Kindergarten? Looking...
Lady Jakes! Please for the love of GOD, don't let the world know, we do take naps during service in the Baptist & COGIC Church! LOL WAKE UP!
My head is still pounding and my stomach on fire
working on social media stuff
You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself. Napoleon Hill
welcome to twitter !
The head of that costume must be full of bricks. Melina was out cold for 8 min. from one shot.
Black Friday Specials.....coming soon! Don't miss them!
Oh, and now there's a weapon out.
they just saw and missed history.
ps...i liked the boob shot more
RT : God’s favor will keep your enemies from defeating you. You are called to be a victor not a victim.
wutz good fiend..
Marketers can use the same content to generate inbound website leads from all around the world
You can’t change what has already happened, so choose to look ahead instead of behind you.
Damn I'm Tan.... “: Tan skin is just damaged skin cells. More tan = more damage = skin ages faster.”
Watching Sparty dominate with the little bro
Did you find anything epic?
Thanks, ! RT : #FF my upstairs brother !
Pinacle shots and Platinum beer yeeaahh buddy
Is it really fat of me to say I'm excited for my lunch because it smelled delicious when I made it this morning! LOL
Our teacher doesn't make any damn sense whatsoever, Charlie Brown.
waukesha just off sunset by bw3s/target
If I wanted to get a dump of a table from my Rails app on Heroku (shared database), what's the easiest way? Format doesn't matter.
Spectacular piece, that was. Left me with far more Qs than As.
Fun day ahead in the library
I really dug the Avetts, and that Maggie's Farm, but god damn Dylan's voice is gone.
Seeing all the damage to my car after the wreck, just broke me down. I'm so lucky to be alive. #GodsPrincess & to
Hell lets go mudding after this storm!
I am! go class of 2013 haha and Rome next semester!
I'm having a love-love relationship with Drupal. Happy Valentines day!
Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.Happy New Year
We have our first day off from filming today in over two weeks! Time to sight-see slash nap
ANNOUNCING... Skinny Girl Night Out - A Conversation w/ Bethenny Frankel • Saturday, March 12th @ 8pm • Tix go on sale to the public Friday
im lost with megan and hanah(:
where can I get a "we are georgetown'SHIRT?
Traffic is a bitch in the Atl, I feel like im home again back in LA
sigh .. we sink to new/old depths RT : leg warmers are coming back - O-M-G!! there's one piece of fashion I did not miss
you know the original Starbucks logo showed a topless mermaid, right? I really think they've toned it down.
<U+2600>Hotter Than That Thang Outside! Lol
Stop by and say hi! :)
Check out our boys , find them on our top. Thier tunes are pretty sick. <3
Books= Caravans
lol . yeah he was. for no reason tho.
SU beats another football powerhouse like Toledo in overtime!!!!!!!!!
Happy early birthday !!
"You can have anything you want. You just can't have everything." -- Told to by former boss. Relevant to #privateequity?
but how will i get off the couch to go to bed?
shout out to for choppin it up with me. real cool
Is Mrs Clause cheating on Santa? Find the video proof at www.Connected-LA.com -- search holiday
i had five servings of mac and cheese today. no shame.
Thanks for the follow! How do u get your avatar to move like that? I want one!
Awwh thanks ;D I know, me too. It's so annoying.
check out the housing discussion board on GURT2011's Facebook page
Good Morning to everybody driving to work right now thinkin.. "Nobody bet not say Shit to me! I can't stand this damn Job!"
Now Everybody Wanna Start SAYING PRINCE CHARMING ! -.-
So proud of , who rocked her debate competition at MCC today! I'd take her side any day.
Make the best out of all that you go out to do!!!~
Great! Thanks for the info I look forward to hearing about it
Thinking I need a nice long vacation. And a sensory deprivation chamber.
Kris Humphries should've ask for 20 million. They just used him and he should get something. Others were asked before him
What number was that one that led to a McGloin interception? Oh yes, all of them.
Have you freaked yourself out by paying attention to how much or how little you swing your arms when you walk?
Told him I HATE the Giants. Nice guy tho, I won't be completely obnoxious. I haven't even drank a bee *gulp* m #SamuelAdams Winter Lager
Join us as Chispa Marketing races to spark a difference at the 11th Annual Lou Gehrig’s Disease 10K Run & 5K Run/Walk in Coconut Grove....
Did you know you can brew more than 200 cups of tea from one pound of loose tea leaves?
<<text me your address I'll send you a couple samples. It's good but I still like chocolate better
Damnit ALL #survivor blows
Why is it called a building when it's already built?
A little news from the Friday Night Banquet: Creighton Men's Soccer vs AKRON in Omaha this Fall. Live on FOX SOCCER HD. Time to REPRESENT!!
Peli Peli Reggae tonight at 9PM! SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG!
Carbs are good for you! They are the body's fuel source. Your body needs them to survive. So eat!
has some ethnocentric angst because his tea is called Gypsy Cold Care. Ugh... Tastes worse than Catholicism mixed with homosexuality.
lol, lowkey, thayt was a crisis. Thank God for having His was bc Dr. L did not wanna see me out here in these streets lol
A business is successful to the extent that it provides a service or product that adds to contentment in all of its forms.
EVERYBODY, can please have 1 more follower? :)
#EarthFair headed home after peaceful productive EarthDay
Also in the all-in or fold you could allow straddles (also in other re-buy tourneys as well). An action junkie's wet dream ;)
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart, A heart can break but a circle goes on FOREVER.
Its impossible to drive in this town
We've got 40 followers as of Wednesday, can we get 100 by the end of the week?
If that sounds interesting to you let me know--I've got a separate invite for the local food media peeps!
yes for Springsteen, was nuts. Yesterday felt full too.
They never mentioned it :( It was secret -_- Well i guess that was their valentines day gift for us or something
"what can you tickle that will make a dinosaur giggle??"
Don't feel like beenin botherd right now
Military to "non-state" sector gear shift Greek anger keeps German tourists away Newt Gingrich to fight.
878. :D And I did! And started on one of the scenes that I have been looking forward to writing for just about EVAR.
My internet crashed. Fuck Verizon.
Holy cow, I got to see , , and all in one day today! How awesome!
lol not yet
Seeing Hunger Games...
thanks! We dig the new logo too! and since we're beta, let us know what you think about anything else as you explore
: I'm not your customer, you waste marketing $$. I've called at least 3 times recently. I wish you'd remove me from mailings!
Grant application completed and mailed. Best Wishes to All!
Best of Bacon #6: Bacon Jam, berries and blue cheese
SillyMickel&#39;s Blog: Things That Want to Be Said: Pollution and The ...
Baby peaches make me happy and I have a bunch for the first time!
music news R.I.P. Levon Helm
Ha cool..Your listening to it now? lol
Really think I'm finally finding myself again.
Happiest birthday to my brilliant friend !!!
Dedication and perseverance to play the game over and over again until the project ends
It's not a phase, it's not just a current obssession. It's dedication. I'm staying, no matter what.
Sharing a beer with the guys who landscape at our apartment complex. Good times. Wish I hadn't lost most of my Spanish in last years at SDSU
yeah, but it was funny !
I felt that way at SAA 2009, except for me it was the wine. You'll reunite again some day soon, and it will be glorious.
Last week at the pottery barn :)
hahahaha that's cray. get in those lululemon pants and hit the gym ma!!
Ah--twitter confusion! You're disturbed by my post on T.H. I do like their sweaters, though.
fred's hawaiian paradise pt.2 is on youtube right now watch it now.
Last day of recording and we need some people to come over this afternoon for gang vocals hit us up if you want to. Come !
aw thanks!!!
:) report cards can suck it, I'm a senior and hell I'm going to college
don't take things personal. There are Bronco fans & then there are Tebow fans- 2 separate fanbases. Bronco fans got your back!
He was like “I'm your little bitch, niggga” -.- I was like , No seriously. He said it again. Aight, Bye Stupid t-.-t
it's all about tyga Kanye and big Sean
I wanna drink the breast milk from your Avi. preggo slut
T Shape and Highland Solutions Would like to welcome our newest customers: AM Castle, and We are excited to show…
#liber2011 Luce: "Culture eats strategy for breakfast every single time." To make significant change, must focus on culture change in orgs.
We've got a matinee of The Porters of Hellsgate PRESENT The Merchant of Venice today at 2pm. Come get your Shakespeare on!
A preview of the playoffs for conspiracy theorists?
I work tomorrow Saturday and Sunday. Darn:/
I still love Lucy.
This IS a funky git2getha: Les McCann & Jazz Crusaders, "Jazz Waltz," and playing the tune "Blues for Yna Yna," by Gerald Wilson.
Today, I came across of one terrific phrase on the profile of one talented web/ui designer & developer Dan Dumont, want to share it with yo…
damn... some crazy shit just happend
you said "we". Somebody has a crush! S(<U+FFE3><U+3002><U+FFE3><U+FF89>)<U+FF89>
I hate when a good cookie is ruined cuz it has rasians in it :(
": Don't fuck with her feelings bro."
he was too busy not passing the ball
#kids Fun on the Farm at Country Critters Farm, Sun, May 20 1:00p: Bring the family out to Country Critters Farm for Fun on the Farm. Fun...
Pacers Thunder tonight >>
Some the guys I consider bro material are very shallow..
I won't be excited until I finish writing these two term papers! Lol
I seriously died and then came back to life at the end of the story....No joke:)
Hell yeah going to Universal Studios I'n a few hours favorite part is the car ride with my Cuzz listening to some good ass music. (-:
An entire generation will miss you Mr. Cornelius.
what's up with the saved view features. There has to be more than meets the eye?!?
I didn't think so either. If I am wrong, I will buy you one at the coffee shop of your choice in DC.
hahaha, are you learning Portuguese?
Just did a cupping at in La Jolla. Chuck loves coffee, and it shows! Cupping (tasting) coffee is way more fun than wine!
RT : I love seeing my CA sites and especially at the
I always watch behind the scenes w/ movies!!
Apparently, I have the same last name as :D
Why is vinyl still a relevant music medium? What are other examples of old technology that still has a market (albeit small)?
Good morning beautiful
About to watch tell some lame ass jokes…
If ur not following me on instagram I suggest u do! Follow follow follow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Your followers are in agreement with your assessment! (; Have a great weekend!
aye hit my line folkz
....dated a Brit who could pass for one
Attending my fav networking group's (GETDOT) holiday party. GETDOT stands for "Good Excuse 2 Drink on Thur". The party is "Shots for Tots"
probably as much as I hate that girl from impanema song -.-
Our pleasure! So great to have you with us for #THATCampFL & conversations on our digital humanities & public history programs.
Man on a Ledge (Asger Leth, '12): No doubt that wouldn't have sucked if I hadn't missed the opening 2 minutes.
Grr. Looks like I need to update to OS X 10.7 in order to use CodeX. Worth it?
Are you familiar with Etsy? Sellers there have coupon codes sometimes.
Happy Memorial Day Everyone :)
Fact 2: climbing trees is my hobbie :D
when are you gonna follow me. i saw your followers getting up. can u follow me too.? make my dream come true..
have thought about any name on the baby yet?
Tweeps, especially in StL - I'm looking for a huge roll of white paper, like the ones from grade school art class. Any hookups out there?
Anyone wanna go halfsies on a hot tub?
Bless you (well maybe)
#TBH is the most real person I know
im at a skating party and i just heard ridings solo it brought back memorys at Ur concert in Dallas i hope i get to see u again
Tickets for 2012 go on sale March 1!
Just discovered that Google Chrome deleted half my bookmarks. No backups available, and Chrome itself didn't make any. That really sucks.
Tebow in the big city? I will be writing a religious children's book about this where he is tempted by harlots & immoral street performers.
Could gov't really just 'let go' and share info & data? I say 'yes'!
The list of features left to implement in my VST Instrument version 1.0 is getting noticeably shorter...
Follow us on twitter, and get a free Bar Bite at Morton's. Now through Friday, April 8th!
Knowing you don't have to wake up early for school tomorrow morning >>>> <U+2665> #hellosummer!
Mon, April 30th! Meet me in the city at the Boocoo Monthly Blues Jam! , 1823 Church St., Evanston, IL 7:30pm!
Hi There thanks for the RT. Looking forward to going to the Douro one of these days. Looks fabulous & the fine wines! Cheers!
Falafal sandwich. Still think no one holds a candle to Sultan's in Wicker Park, but it was good!
UGHH Reds strike for a run
got your email I will hit u up later tonight
Me and our other asst. coach at WHS put together this league at Winfield, just started, me on a team
Well I guess me hitting 250 followers is a dream that's not coming true. Thanks to errbody who never hit that unfollow button!
If PM signs with Titans any chance Cards take a look at Hasselbeck? I assume he'd be odd guy out in Tenn.
Here's a novel idea... Don't be Sorry....just be Different! Try that on for size, it's most flattering.
Omg I can't wait for the #BothOfUsRemix !(:
we should probably just do #zombiecrawl right? or we could do
my phone is in the living room.
#CMM need more vol
I'm merely a vessel through which genius flows.
while watching CSI..."How far do you want the target...25feet?"... Baz: "25 feet? I could pee further than that!" ~ CSI
Very exciting possibilities with data.com and the partnership between Salesforce and D&B
Good point.
Lane space at Copper under way, its SL today, with blue sky overhead, 3-5" is the rumor tonight tho!
THEY KISSED: Twitter makes me ambivalent about myTivo...
Awesome fans! Yay susan! :)RT : Awesome to hear your songs this morning! Loved "Liberty"!
Laws of attraction show that positive attracts positive and negative attracts negative. What are you attracting?
Text PPC to 22828 to join our mailing list and receive emails about our upcoming events!
2009 PEN/O'Henry Prize Stories. I don't think that they'll hurt me, so I come out on top, hurray!
#braves on the radio!
You were right... I'm in love with Barcelona!
We fully support the NBA and NHL coming back to Seattle. Psyched to see former Sonics like helping
If that is that is the case, I was misinformed by Mrs. Rlwegner.
The last part of the choir concert was awesome!!!!! We all had so much fun singing happy birthday to Mrs. A :)
Exciting times in Des Moines!
oh nothing lex.
it's quite okay I'm sitting in class.. But don't worry my dear.. What r u doing ??
"Believe in yourself. If you don't, then no one else will have a reason to" ~John Di Lemme
Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
No makeup on today and some random guy still stopped me to tell me I'm beautiful., it's a good day haha
Hey <U+2665> Can I Get A Follow Back Or A Shout Out Please.?(:<U+2665><U+2665>
hope you had a great 4th!
Making my grand Twitter debut!
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open. -John Barrymore
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and then create what you will.
Thanks for coming out to the groundbreaking event this morning.
Thanks everybody. We got a ton of traffic to www.scoresluda.com this weekend. We got some great feedback and made some new friends. Yeah!
you need permission?
this guy ALWAYS tries to make every conversation sexual! like eww no GTFO! -____-
brothers can be so annoying!!!
RT : Big news indeed for the with our hiring of talented KU grad & DMN reporter to cover Penn State!
that was not for you ans was to late to delete tweet sry
just heard is leaving , very sad news, all the good talent is leaving G4 must be a reason.
Congratulations to for a great show last night! Was honored to be a part of it.
ha 20 grand is just for the champ, plus bank from all my other pools. Put ur bracket where yo mouth is...
RT“: Keep it coming, folks! We're having our highest traffic day to date! Thanks for your support! #GoBuckeyes”-thank you!
to do what
Oh Mel rockin' a braid-out!
Love your furnishings!
well what can I do sis?
Going to test run SASS / SCSS and Live Reload on my next project. Anyone use this already and can attest to its awesomeness?
what did u think of the slaw? Dying to know :)
Fun times.
We're very happy to have play the violin at our festival this Sunday at 4:45pm at the Ronald Reagan Building
People on my timeline are mad that my baby is performing for RTB. Don't worry baby I got you :*
"If I had a son, he'd look like Treyvon."
im looking for a control surface. anyone out there using a tascam us-2400? love it, hate it?
When confronted by evil spirits, utter the name of Jesus. They tremble @ his name. He brings deliverance from the powers of darkness.,
Arthur Schnitzler was born in Vienna. In 1911, the Supreme Court ruled that Standard Oil Co. was a monopoly in violation of the
thanks for giving me ten pounds of fries five guys
Thanks for the Flashing My Shorts RT
Damn im tired..
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
GMO? No no NO!
Have a corporate condo in the downtown GSO area you'd be willing to donate use of to Fun 4th 7/3-7/5? Email us .
*drum roll* Ladies and gentlemen!! Adobe CS6 is officially out!!!
I don't even do anything and I get snapped at lol
Thanks for the follow Tom!
StPete Savannah's closing, where will we go for collard greens, fried chicken, wine and cornbread. How can a restaurant so good go away? Sob
since Mexican fascist government is going to still, yet another election, Mexicans overseas are organizing support reunions this sunday
Taking my daughter to the doctor's . She had this cough that won't go away.
idol time
been procrastinating on here for a while mate...hows life?
Gantner leads off the 5th with a single, but the Brewers can't get him home. Still tied at 5.
Don't forget to all follow each other. Holistic moms and Brain Child moms, sharing fears for now & always! :-)
don't forget the sriracha.
or at the same time? I'm talking the American release date btw.
Sheesh i wish i was rite now RT : nigga these months flying! I know u miss Bein #Live I be NBA live ctfu
My Brothers Annoying.
What are you up to?
Just returned from the #ENK Children's Club Tradeshow in New York, NY. Found some amazing new lines for Fall/Winter 2012.
Need a nap. Among other things.
HI GUYS ~
Kazakh President chairs 19th Session of Assembly of People of Kazakhstan - Caspionet
The Avengers is outstanding, a crowning achievement for Marvel & Disney. DC Comics & WB - your move...
Im sure it'll look good! lol
Would you all be available to talk about your device management #cosn2012 vendor hall is hard to hit.
If there is nothing in the heart, then what's in the head doesn't matter.
There's a reason why "kick" is in the name of that class lol
Just joined Twitter today. How fun!
I hope you read all this because it means something to be if you do. Just show me you read it . It would mean alot . tbc
Gangstas over Irish! On St Paddies day!
I hope Austin eventually does make hope dreams come, I really do. He has worked so hard, I don't want that hard work to be for nothing
Bulls got ass whip but
The Acura NSX is a baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddddd car, the car at the end of The Avengers that Stark/Downey Jr. drove
Just watch what is happening over
that was my chocolate little man lol
BTW: The Grammy's really pissed us off.
Is going to an adult store when you're horny the same thing as going to the grocery store when you're hungry? (insert a punchline) -Hannah
BUT SOME HOES R JUST HOES
Great thanks! Can you DM us your studio address?
Never fall in love it never works out to your favor.
I never said that
dude so sad. Fucking hate The heat so bad.
The in-game field announcer needs to take some training in the offseason. She can't keep the crowds attention.
Superplay(: Well off to see the Wizard.!
Thanks for following! Following back. :)
Finished Karen Russell's book Swamplandia! last night and I'm having withdrawal symptoms today - her prose is that good!
New shoes :)
Well, you might just get your wish! ;)
Looking forward to #bachelorette tweets 2nite from
well what I wrote about zayn. I completely forgot about it! And now I'm a so called Directionator........
i need my followers 2tu qedd me some followers lol.
O man cmon Mich St. I need this
Why would I move to russia?
Lol thank yu!!!!! I really appreciate that :)
Was wondering why u were up as early as me! Good luck today!!
Thank you! We look forward to seeing you!
I laugh at all the new sudden 1D fans, i've known about them for a long time and no one cared,now suddenly every1 loves them. -_____-
That was some bad officiating.
RT just signed up for planet fitness.. This should b interesting
and chava getting hammered in downtown SD! woo! team dukes baby! haha
Wonderful things happening with this project. Spread the word with us. It is fun to be part of.
Cool. Can do
Young adult is sorta boring & the fact I have to wear my glasses to watch the movie is making my eye balls hurt
Let me know when you find an opening! Maybe we can work together
Hello, gorgeous! Would you like to get together this week perhaps for a glass of wine or an early morning Starbucks visit? :)
well thank ya!
Thanks for the followback
Foreign Film - Tonight at 7:30pm we will be showing "GOODBYE LENIN" (Germany 2003). One of my all-time faves!
TNT: Most awkward sendoff music ever?
Never stop dreaming. Because when you least expect it, you're dreams will become reality.
Just heard my first ice cream truck of the year.
This #patriots game is really starting to get me worried. 3.5 mins left and down by 3
What a long vegas nite ....again.
Yes. Similar upbringing as yours. :-)
yes it makes it softer.
RT : being yourself is being different
Tomorrow we start our new seasonal: Green Chile Bacon Cheeseburger Pizza!
o somebodeehh is jealous. <U+2665> hehe :p
Annie Hall. Hands down!
you learn this when playing shows with other bands. So this is your first show? Oh, you've been playing for four years..
plaid, but not hipster plaid.
Money Saving Tip #25: Don’t spend money just to de-stress.
I use the #PlayBook to record phone calls to my favorite customer service departments.
You designated me as 'Irene Adler'? That's... Awww! And oh man, that was hilarious.
what's up!
wendy is certainly taking up that task!
The Blue Sky on 4th street!
its not me sorry , but idk i think someone hacked me. sorry anyways.
alright sounds good to me noob. PS my house is boring.
u got barz ma
Our office is ordering lunch from , yum! Hopefully my pending truffle fry coma will make this day fly by.
Sounds like a good way to do Texas. If I remember correctly, people in Houston are serious about their cars.
the East coast already misses you! :) can't wait til you get back!
Nate's card to me is probably the best thing I got for my birthday. Ever.
yep. And its still beautiful. Thank you for the donation. :)
think there be a transitioning period for McCoy/Ash to be the starting QB instead of coming off the bench?
For me, that resumes tomorrow!
cuz i dont know anyone there all the ppl i know go to frontier
If you're getting DMs saying "Hey someone is saying nasty rumors about you..(link)", do NOT go to that website. Its a virus.
I can't tell you! ;-p
Welcome home.
DTI 7 director warns public against buying Christmas lights made in '08 - Sun.Star DTI 7 director warns public against buying Christmas l
Coming to god's country this weekend!!!
10 things was before my time here
shit n the Chi handlin sum family biz
Jets are having a wonderful offseason. A lazy DE and a christ loving punt team specialist. Pats are shaking.
You really gonna try to make feel bad cause i said NO well its working:(
Damn Endy's fast
As a Democrat, I can't wait for the next Republican debate.
Book Lantern, Dreaming of Books, and that's about it. (oh, and anyone who likes me).
...We have one?
Is the sexier version of Old Man Chad. <3
“: "Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy." - Robert Half”
some nigguh really said whose drake ! nigguh go kill yourself!
RT : Badiou rewrites The Prisoner: "I am not a man, I am a free number!"
Just wish I could be everything you wanted
Banks prepare for the return of the drachma
Chill'n...
Oakley, Welch, Gregg & Donnelly had them fired-up last night - Well Done! - JDG
So, I had to leave the meetings to call Ali Ryerson, so I set my alarm to go off! Sounded like a fire drill! Funny. Think I woke some people
message me
First day of Spring. Let's see what this season brings.
Glad you loved seeing MacDougall On KFMB-TV this AM with ! :) You won 2 tickets 4 8PM! Have fun.
saw video of the track, doesn't look like a fun place to race
Polls close in 30 mins. Retiring Sheriff says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote 4 Ross!
The floors in are sticky, trudging back to my table has been a journey
This ethics session is way too polite. Get angrier, people!
I am like way amped!! I wanna run a mile!
" get up you son of a bitch... Cause Mickey loves ya!"
as long as Nate had time to get his vest!
Good Thursday morning #packernation!
Bay was mad when I wouldn't let him buy the "gumballs" in the gas station bathroom
It's not a war that I was after.
Where's the fuckin life contoller remote Adam Sandler had in that one movie? I could use it now.
Just as I can be in and seated for Ryan Braun I can be in the concourse during the canned God Bless America.
will join you later..app offline. thanks!
Hey! Hey! Hey! It's almost time for Cassoulet! 5:00 p.m. to be exact.
UGH!! My twitter keeps freezing - driving me crazy!!! :-/
good point.
AAPT - Selling on bid appears over. 3 days in a row now. Time to load the boat if your not in already... .024 is a STEAL
Waking up with your body aching. <
Cold, cold go away...
: Loved watching one of my favorite Aussies make a hole in one at 16...
Happy Birthday to my dad today!
Apparently yelling "stop it with the false dichotomies" at the opinion pieces in the newspaper doesn't make it stop.
hey Tegan are you by your computer???
<------- The crown I wish and dream to one day have on my head... Ok for now, time to sleep... :)
search for "will it blend iphone" on youtube
Shouldn't it be losing his "hare"?
#Shutthefrontdoor Gossip Girl is back on!
Just accidentally deleted 4 days worth of work... Is this bad?
I feel like everyone our age is! I hope you're doing well too-we should grab dinner one day or something :)
reading papers and trying not to be too critical
Brown or Quick is gonna be the Conn Smythe winner
we on it!
Rage coaches meeting an extreme success! So excited and I know the players will be excited too.
immediately am rooting for any team that plays against the rangers
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Shout out to sepia tone. Makin' things brown since 1957.
Tweet til ya sleep.
go be jelly somewhere else #
Let's go pacers!!!... Let's shock the nation with this win
talk to me and alli bahahah(:
I will be 100x more fun in the summer when I can't let go off 74778432784 pounds of stress off my shoulders <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I'm not kidding right now
I protect you!
Congrats on your transformation. Saw your before/after pix!
it's wearing out its welcome... Each season it slowly but surely drops off...
Aw I lovee that!!!
Kids with Special Needs are gifts to us all and they have unlimited potential! I see them everyday and I am so thankful!
“: yes! I have the benefit if at least hearing you every day!!” ugh, and we apologize for that :)
I just realized, we get to cover Metta World for a game!
And maybe you should sleep, And maybe you just need, a friend...
Havent ate all day
please follow me? I've been in the hospital... All I want is you to follow me. Please?
you don't want it. I'm mad and want revenge
Love your site! :)
Thanks for the shoutout! Glad you like our work!
I'm still not doing anything tho. I'm just waiting for my sister to come out :s
There's no us without you JESUS.
Morning y'all! Hope y'all have a wonderful Sunday <3
if I ever meet you in person, would it be cool if I showed you some magic??? <3
Cj Watson needed to put a hand in thorntons face. Stupid.
I GeT high in the Clouds like MarY Poppins........lol
April is fine for white pants...yes? I guess it's too late now, I'm wearing them.
Heads up. will join the guys on #CBS NFL Today for the games tomorrow. Be sure to tune in starting at 12 est.
yeah who else?
My parents accused me of being a liar I looked them in the face & said tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny& walked away like a boss.
Our station computer is done for...
i also am getting a mini 2 pack! :D anyways,have fun. I won't be home today or this whole weekend. So bye bye! SEND ME PICS!
Car shopping is finally over the Nissan is gone and the Honda Accord is the new ride (mainly for my wife)
#Indiana has the dirtiest, most outdated rest stops, with the highest #gas prices $4.29 #hoosier state
How about the weddings at tonights #Milwaukee #Admirals game?!!
what I'm planing what I'm wearing already my mom said she gonna have me design her jacket an everything lol
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be lovin' you...
Permanent employment may be disappearing faster than anyone thought.
Kettlebell Certification workshop right down the road from you!! Get your CEC's and have some fun www.kettlebellcardio.org
The Green Mile never gets any easier to watch
guess i have 6 more times to go....
Oh so you think you're the shit? Hah think again.
Today I am officially 23 years old.Hope all my friends have a Rockin day
My body feels 100 years old...lifting heavy things will make it feel better!
hit me up on the music blast
Lovely lady. Wine. Sinatra. #DateNight EROCK
Awkward encounters with the Rabbi at the gas station, yeah that's my life.
#ds106tv as Dr. Oblivion? The bava is now an obscure overlord of
My nursing class was just canceled... instantly great day no matter what I got on my Anatomy exam
This is a defense victory: Judge declares mistrial in Roger Clemens case
Sleepy x^s 3
it will only work if you believe. Your subconscious mind actually moves the piece with your hand...
Thanks for another great #socialirl event! Loved all the speakers at the
i'm so excited! Can't wait :)
oh goodness i love awkward phone calls
“: RT this and tell me who ud bring to the game if u won the contest, & why..” Wife. We would take on the whole NE nation.
SB268 advisory committee on early education passes 7-3!
Kids should have a sense of standards but also be made to feel good enough, in process
At #Museum of the Moving Image in Astoria.
you guys are playing like ass
awww u will be ok just follow the modo and keep it pushin friend
no plans as of yet.
OH, Sh*t It's Monday tomorrow ://
Nothing like a six hour flight to Phoenix to close out the work week.
March is out of my sight now. Gonna eat sandwich.
Unlock creativity: comes in someway from distraction. Develop theme, use theme for mental games. Open brain to possibilities~Rohde
#WWE12 any plans on bring back tag team co op mode like in no mercy for 64
Million dollar deals RT : million dollar bills in my email
don't forget your stuff today! Lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Thanks for saying hi to me and the girls before the show in Hershey. It was nice to meet you. The show was awesome!
Don&#39;t miss alchalant&#39;s final Detroit area performance for over a month tonight. 9pm at The Heights Bar. FREE. $1 Long Islands.
Lion slice, Return to send. OTTRB. SWKONAA. RYFBTYS. By mirrors glance into your eyes, receive your won, deserved prize. As above, so below.
would love to see the results. Love to share rare air with Laurie.
THIS WEEK'S MAILER AND WANTED WEDNESDAY VIDEO >>>>>>>>>
Open the coffin!
I am feeling...UCKY!!
Overheard: I don't give a fuck. Can you comprehend the enormity of the fuck I do give?" Good times, good times.
Huntsman listing all of Obama's achievements.
Great show tonight #TheVoice ! Awesome job brotha look forward to next season.
“: Tonight I'm recanting everything bad I've ever said about Jennings. Kids a stud. #Bucks #Iwaswrong” #Iwaswrong too
it was a valiant effort and a good game until the last 3 minutes. Go Jayhawks!
horrible, but change is inevitable
8-) thanks. Actually pretty easy.
haha I won a copy! It gets here tomorrow...
“: fuck me good, fuck me long, fuck me numb like novacane.” What's wrong with you??!!!!
I'm so jealous when are you going to have the dates for Miami :'( #Bowwownation #UnderratedTour June 12th hot right na...
One day I'll be good enough for you; but until then, I'm good enough for God. <3
Yes please.
Get your tweet on at Advanced Social Media for Journalists Sat. Nov. 13, 10 am-noon at KGTV studio. Free for SPJ members, $5 non-members.
I've finally given in - too much good stuff here. Needed to see what all the cool people are doing!
just did! You sing incredible (:
. This is a hard concept for some to grasp. Examples: perjury, false advertising, solicitation, hearsay.
Having some streaming issues. More soon. Going to stream as I record live interviews.
Be 1st to tweet us a joke and win a pair of tickets to M83 at The Riviera this Friday, brought to you by
what heat fans? You mean lebron followers? Smh
good toast. what to do this weekend?
that is so very kind of you. Thank you dude
is pretty kewlllll
so you've told me.
you were correct!
I've lost respect for this girl.
had a fun time at the BEACH BOYS concert in Raleigh last night y'all! Was kinda disappointed UNCLE JESSE didn't perform with them though...
Bless, Levar Burton. Reading Rainbow hasn't had a new episode in ages, but he's still trying to educate the kids.
seeing mr poppers penguins with my little ones =]
Is day dreaming about the perfect meal
m ;) that sounds good.
Please think of me when planning 4 daughter's #rva homecoming dance. I do updo's & makeup 4 special occasions. Pics on www.hairinthecity.me
Did you know: As Commander of the Continental Army, George Washington made sure his troops would receive a quart of beer with daily rations.
and btw its says your not following me. :( lol I'm #hurt ;p
Starting a jumping jack and crunches regimen today, tomorrow I will whine about being sore
Sad to be missing tonight. Boo!! #stupid cold
Know who you are, whats important to you & be Proud of it!! Do not apologize, just be you and go for it!!! WORK IT!!!! :)
Day 3 of couch-to-5k and I got my reluctant husband to go with me!
I just want to be with you.. All these people make me miss you
Fun fun fun fun at one of the last surviving Friendly's restaurants w my sisters
Second round :)
Stunning photos at the capturing the grit and feel of the subway.
Sitting down to play live at the Fairway Lounge at Turf Valley from 6-10pm. If you're out near Ellicott City, stop on in!
Can I borrow a quarter? I just want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dream.
where in FL are you?
Coming down to the end for the weekday pledging...now is the time...612 529 5236...jazz88fm.com...THANK YOU!
First big summery thunder storm of the season... Love the smell so much
Hello everybOdy, im stuck in berlin with no cash, if some one could try to help, id me gratefull !
im going to gym then after that should be free. hit me when you get into the neighborhood ..
Thanks for joining us today for the Letter Writing Social! We had a blast. Hope you did, too!
is that mindy back on the air?
Texting on treadmill equals danger. My graceful self saved my butt.
Get jail outta jail for armed robbery, and do the same shit.
Facebook buys Instagram for $1 Billion. Whoa
OK, let's make sure if I need a ticket to something, we make that happen.
hey(: how're you?
I NEED THE RECORDS! ON SKYPE WITH TEDDY NOW....
Is there any debate that Robinson Cano is the best all-around 2B in baseball right now?
Longest meal of my life.
#CIO Quote of the Day: We are no longer the “IT tax”; we drive revenue.
UNREAL. Northwestern just made a serious comeback on Ohio $t. Dude just hit a 3 from about 30 ft. to tie it at 73.
hey babe.
Imma blow all my money, and don't give two shits!
go to Spicey Sister restaurant!
Good Morning - hope you have a wonderful weekend.
My paw is ok. Mom had a great day. I was even good that day. Hope you are having fun rolling around. xoxoxo
You would try and cook a turtle?
Thank you anyway!
": Sometimes I wish my blood pressure and my stocks would change places. Maxine #QUOTE #HUMOR". Not to mention my weight...lol
We are following you love!!
obviously RT : Hey, it's me! “: Want to know who to follow on Twitter before you watch tonights game
My car = epic fail!! :/ Hopefully she comes back to life soon! Crossing my fingers!
on that 2K flow. shit is
Loving the #wsca12 updates! thanks for tweeting.
Finally watching Revenge. Tons o' fun, watching over privileged folks wreck each other's lives.
I'm never I'm never down Lying here, staring up And you're looking down <3
Thanks for liking my page! Lots of fun posts coming soon while this blonde tries to figure out social networking ;)
must have
I asked my mom if I could go jump in the rain puddles and she said no....This is why I moved out two years ago.
all the #directioners follow me please i follow back ;D
Jonthan Malat was behind the firefighter. Jeff Wiltgen was on the floor in fire gear in the back of the room.
you're mad at me cause of that? cool. call me when you grow up.
#ERCOT declares state wide energy emergency because demand exceeds available load. All utilities must bear #rollingblackouts. How cozy.
I want my phone>
RT : so glad you enjoyed your brined pork chops. that's what we had for dinner last night, too!
Sad. They moved the Botero sculptures in the TimeWarner Center. To the outskirts. To make way for a bunch of melting clocks by whoknowswho!
Giants better get some pressure on Brady
ditto! Can't wait to hang for a good cause :)
Omg I'm still drunk!!! Don't remember shit last night, dont even know how I got in my bed
RT : BREAKING NEWS: House passes
Susan Stockdale's! BRING ON THE BIRDS has been selected as an ALA Notable Children's Book in the Informational Picture Books category!
Thanks for the MT! We had a great time at at your booth and learning to map the #moon!
Yeah well they are not pleasant and cool the way you are, so there. Commented on the photo via the link.
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Hey google, would it kill you to hire a designer or two for google+? It feels like a white padded wall with ugly icons
Thank you! Stay tuned for new music here soon!
:::Toke his heart now she's mad#Im just that real woman <3
you need to have an active game to add players (o5pcx)
is following the latest on the #bronxcrash starting at 4:30am on
First day I'm back home and what do I have to do? Mow the grass!
Working on something new for you guys with someone hopefully you all listen to. Keep an eye out.
When ppl get mad I have a twitter. Damn u can't respect the fact I deleted my FB. u just want me to have NO SOCIAL LIFE huh. Damn
RT : Thank you ! SO many helpful tips and advice!
lots of the other apps want kids to create something and then they can embed in something tied to login/LMS
There is a god.
Emeri #pinkmoscato is now available @ JB's North in Decatur, IL. Stop in and grab a bottle or three.
You really should work where I work then, because with the fact I have like only 3 male hosts including me-
What does Juan Williams contribute to the political discourse? Nothing.
Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show, I laced the track, you locked the flow.
#wmc Paul Oakenfold about to take the decks-- Miami is on fire tonight!
Camp fire last night=awesome. Dressing up as a pirate for work= super fun. Spending time with mom=top notch.
it's such a pretty day! I wanna have a
Having said this, I'm wondering if they actually need TX or TN. Well, no matter. I love Dollywood, don't you?
that ur show come back on now! Lol get these stans
My phone can text only if I pay extra for the service.
love the ode to Saint Slater!
> mira k cute! RT : rehjjgijeirhqeuhrq why did you have to tell her!! ( / . \ )
Last minute midterm curveball: oh, btw, I've changed the format and it's only 10 questions.
I never wanted to be irrelevant until discovering - LOVE the folks & concept behind this! Kudos!
Sam don't even watch basketball but tryna participate
Even though the Bulls aren't in it anymore, I've been so pleased with the level of competition in this years' playoffs
Then ask your parents [: maybe they will bring you here for your birthday or something :b
Holy chunky snowflakes! They are all holding on to each other for the ride.
do you have you old charger?
Wow! A game of inches!
": a blunt afterwards would be great."
Made it to LAX...next stop to Santa Barbara
I think they may have a day rate, or let you try it out for one day. No harm in seeing if you can negotiate something,..
thanks for the follow. Love your website and interested in learning more. We should connect further. Peace!
#SAYSOMETHIN SUMMER HIT. WATCH. AMAZING<3
So I really wanna go to Six Flags Great Adventure soon!
TY : Good morning & welcome new followers!
Know your IP (intellectual property) rights! You worked hard to take those photos.
Can't wait to share the "A Fine Musician" book app with my preschool students in the library. It's so interactive!
YES!!! So excited! Isn't it wonderful to hear so many singing your songs?!!! :)
is there any chance you're from Israel? because your smile Israeli cute! ;)
u just gotta believe..
will be #notwinning this #halloween #weekend #right?
to eat a bibliography, as in "Here's my paper, but sorry, my dog practices #bibliographagy"
casino this early in the morn? ?
I don't respect myself enough. This changes today :)
Darn my spelling that was supposed to say Northern Water SNAKE!
Dark Shadows only at 9.7 mil. Maybe that team will take a hint?
With new focus on heathier diet/cardio vascular exercise, I'm probably close 2 being in best shape of my life! Take that atrial fibrillation
I was trying to earlier shit wouldn't let me saying I reached a follow limit -.- shit sour
Everyone tweeted "Great Kill" . Must be watching Dexter.
iam not gone be standing no later than 3hh then iam getting down. the hell wit this
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAI TAYLOR. I WILL MISS YOU.
Marx bros marathon on channel 2-2.
I'm done now you can leave
just discovered #Touch on #Fox.I have been saying that #Math is #Language. #Autism is more than what we think.
Note to self: watching the food channel doesnt necessarily help when extremely hungry.
I like U <U+3002><U+3002><U+3002><U+3002>U always make me smiles
I hate you.
now make that mutha F***n hammer time
thanks for ur follow. i like a jolt of cafe. :)
I was in las vegas
what've you been researching?
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there!
Thinkin bout quit'n my second job here now and this shit for the birds.
thanks for the good demo of today.
Yes, 's tweet is correct, however, "Mingle" is an understatement.
#IUEast basketball at home against Berea, Matt Trimnell needs 17 points to join 1000 pt club, only a sophomore
No doubt, you did the right thing. Can't wait to see the episode.
It's shaping up to be an awesome night at Bounce Sporting Club!! You should probably be here...
Weekend... in sight... Can't stop... talking... like William Shatner...
I think skip jus hate lebron period did he not see his numbers and where wuz his bench
Who's stoked for #DCEVAPALOOZA ?
Half day swag
Enjoying this Sunday Evening before the madness of Monday begins!
I'd be wary. They tried to evict me and my friends because our lease was expiring a month later than they wanted. Not cool.
I wish you were here Lauren! You would love it. Miss you!
Come on Doumit!
Oh God..I am jealous. Paris is my most favorite city.(I almost considered relocating myself there)
#Rock is best than cana
#ifhecantseeuforalluareworththenhedefdontdeserveuatall! #I'm just keeping it real follow me
Okay let's get one thing straight, no tampon in the world makes you want to do backflips of a diving board.
This weather dot com redesign is AWFUL but I appreciate that a sneaky little ad points out when happy hour is in the hourly forecast.
Hey TJ!! Congrats on your new job!!!
Will enjoy watching the well oiled Thunder team open another can of whoop @$@^ on the Lakers
yeah bro thats cool
I know, let's do it again soon! The only person missing was... Anthony!
yeah baby...loving it!!!
Ok It's Cool With Me.
4/20 Tribute: Who's Your Favorite Celebrity Stoner? - The Hollywood Gossip
no good at oceans11 3 bet pushed with ak from bb .crazykid called half his stack with 66 with 1 person behind him
Sunday Member Plays: NCAAB - Hawaii +5, NFL - Packers OVER 42
excuse me while I play chauffeur. even though I'm so tired I could sleep standing up.
Everyone follow our other venture - Real G's Entertainment and if you're not already following Follow up now!
Great job, Danny. Sounds like you were tired on the last game, though.
Rx2you proudly offer Prescription Assistance to anyone in need! email us if you have any questions
#kids Pink & Blue family story time at Pink & Blue, Mon, May 7 11:00a: Pink & blue will host a family story time on the first Monday of...
Shout out to everyone. I love you no matter who you are.
Hey Uguys should document what cha been up too. Would love to see some videos.
Lakers showing us why they're the champs
i did
Patient should not chew for ½ an hour after getting temporary dental crown.
Oh ms. Crabtree...I've got a pain in my heart
My mom said she wanted to take me shoe shopping today just out of the blue...
It's Friday. Make a badass design or a case study that is better than the current site.
completely understand. Just been contacting a few people in town. Plus it's no cost unless u r happy w/it.
that's funny, and true. It's actually interesting to observe.
ME 2!!!!!!": I really dislike working on the first of the month..."
jack lalanne week #1 -- please check it out at www.susanefine.com feeling good!
is in the building.
choosing the people for the fanfic at 10pm.
Stay strong Bree and family
“ federal programs= all our money (taxes) so why not reap the benefits and is only giving me bak my $$?!
yes we do! The first full week of May sounds great!
cool tune
my friend gave me Nat Sherman cigs. I feel so "bourgeois" when I smoke them.
I know ;( I just go to the corner & cry .___.
Good Morning everyone. :)
yeaa I will. Lol as soon as I pry myself out of bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#libday8 Working on preso about Print Archives Preservation Registry (PAPR) system for webinar next week
Mimosas for breakfast. It's how OJ should taste.
DEAF ASS ONLY UNDERSTANDS WHEN I TEXT IN ALL CAPS
got part 1 of my math test back and I somehow managed to get a C+.
The new Liquid site is launching in May! Stay Tuned!
aren't you married? Handsy=punched in the face.
Las Vegas, NV- need female (busty female) for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
ok so apparently, I have a mini fanbase if i were to make it on X Factor LOL OMG MY LIFE RIGHT NOW
Yes, we carry Raw Milk from WA farm. RT: That is nice! Don't forget the milk...
I miss you
I think this has less to do with unions, and more to do with PA's new online application system....
#dcweek focused on developing local tech capacit in Africa
Wow! What an opening from the Beartones!
So true! Lol RT Yeah.. LOL RT Why do people always say “no offense” right before they offend you?
nothing much :) haha just here a little and you? =)
Goodluck at your game !!!
lol what did she do?
are we playing tomorrow?
#NBL 1st time viendo el show this year! Awesome job girls!
haha same no one's gonna notice. gotta get closer to the boys
It's Tuesday ...you know what that means!???
Great job on coverage! -bt
I FUH KING LOVE YO CRAZY ASS
318 west 53st between 8th and 9th ave in Manhattan show starts at 7pm c u there I'm going give u a show to remember
following you here now! How have you been?
Embracing abjection and excess today.
RT : Oh, you're part of the neighborhood watch program? You must have extensive training in law enforcement.
Someone have a pure romance part and invite me
in a terrible mood. nice.
shout out to for being such a god damn sweetheart
Hey Man, I hope all is great! I'd like to hear your set. Are you spinning in LA this weekend?
trying to make someone else happy when they don't want to be is hard. But I don't accept failure.
so ws good wit u
Who's going to step up for and what will they be called...can't lose that feeling they bring rt b4 the playoffs!
you mad?
We would have to work a deal with each player. Been doing it as demand dictates.
Can-Am baseball now huh???
RT : Has anyone taken a shot of me giving a lecture that they wouldn't mind me using for promotional purposes?
Chicago Blackhawks are hosting Colorado Avalanche today at the United Center at 7:30pm. Call us now for some remaining tickets: 888-493-0004
Let's go to the couch and fuck!! Now!! lol
The atmosphere was electric!
Don't worry about tomorrow. God is already there
Some shit only seems most unreal when we dont want it to be real. I wish this shit was fake, R.I.P to my Dad, Big Lou Wren! FUCK cancer!!
Agreed. I like a couple of the trivia accounts as well.
Test test test
Not wrong, but take video if you do it.....
I love Skillet a fucking lot.
Did anyone get into Google+? Do tell.
Goodbye to giving up
That really green stuff I see on the new fancy shmancy ABQ radar, moving up I-25? Nobody say "ghost in the machine", pls.
So sad to see the hardworking people get shit on when the lazy ones are paid to stay. What is this world coming to? #prayers4myfriends =(
not much, about to head to a pep assembly... Whats up with you??
Ratchet girl Anthem >>
that's how it is here! I work at whataburger in taft & its like never busy. I just stand here -.- haaha
Really bitch. You gonna pull this shit?
Nothing better than remembering the meeting you forgot about before the meeting.
Welcome to the party you little Twit!
lol why couldnt my parents pick Miami ugh god!:(
Wow Chicago!!!
making their media presentation currently, some good stuff cooking for them for 2012
At The Downtown Comedy Club
hi. We haven't talked in a while :(
Congratulations, Jon! That is awesome news!
-You say you hate me, but i still love you so try me cuz dat wont last foreva on my count. Cuz you know you still love me bestie
can I ask why?? Is it cause of Nathan? :)
Thank you, for following me...
Hey Europe what's happening?? Who's partying with me next month????
Editing vid and cleaning gear.
couldn't agree more!
Nose Rings Ebay | Cute Nose Rings
what u doin today man?
UL never quits. Gotta love that.
Ready to go hme....
send me an e-mail when you can
Why everyone tryna judge and act like they should control what happens in my life one day they is gunna b in sum1's business & get punched
Where have you been? I check back now n then but . . . Oh, for the love of . . . please tell me you havn't become less synical n snarky?!?!
stand by.
in that case I would have it as Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey, School of Criminal Justice | Newark '14
depends on who and what. Contact Pastor Margie at the office
OMG DID YOU SEE THAT?? WHO'S 22??
dying the tips of my hair red with kool aid..
Sadly not going to #MW2012. Who else will be stalking the hash tag with me?
I've entered n the contest TO WATCH U PERFORM but is that the only way we can watch u is if we win tickets or can we buy them
Breathless tv news coverage of ... RAIN!
#HitTheLights let the music move you, lose yourself tonight!
Sometimes changing your life is just a matter of changing your perspective.
#agreed RT : I need to come back to Milwaukee more often
awe mere I miss you too!
#newtwitter Finally!! Loving it! Now I rather use the site than some applications
Woot! can't wait to meet you!
So far, the packages often seem more like good jumping off points for tailor-made packages for our clients. Which is fine by us.
This is for the new band that is putting together for festivals this summer and a world tour this fall.
Funny how you don't hear much from the Deadskin fans now. 30-13 against the Panthers = Pretenders
Reduced SHORT $GBPUSD for +21 pips profit; 18% of the community volume is trading the GBPUSD with sentiment 39% SHORT
el rey? just a total guess, but i bet they have a lot of peppers there!
i guess winter comes to Michigan tomorrow
Love is everywhere, it has no distance. All you have to do is stop the resistance.
Sorry, Boston. We're the real first city.
Hoping for some clear skies tonight in NorCal… looking forward to smashing some balls down at Big League Dreams in Redding Ca.
um yeah they do those swell your feet just as bad lol look at u trying to find loop holes
A huge OSU lawsuit...Blue Jackets pack it up after a good season...great weather...and more pink wigs in memory of Heather..at 5 and 6 am!!
Jrock n XP doin it again from 8 to 10pm http//tsm-1.com/ click radio, to call in hit us on 202-905-0538 tell us how the music sounds to you.
come work for me I'm tired.
that would be the hashing created for my household...:)
Many KY schools are dismissing early- Remember- finding appropriate caretakers is sometimes difficult but essential to keep kids safe!
Are the sweetest most down to earth band I've ever had the pleasure of talking to (: and their music rocks!
Some girls need to chill out when it comes to make up. Your face is not a coloring book.
(wakes up) What did I miss? The entire off-season? Armando Galarraga signing? Great...now needs to learn to roll his tongue.
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
RCB prepones flying plans they want 8 pm flight.
Ryan Braun is still guilty of wearing
In Actu => In practice
"I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not" RIP Kurt Kobain
i get the most calls/texts , when im sleep
thanks for following!
Lol american dad
I even put a little love in them, but not too much -- I don't want ya'll to feel smothered
Saved by a miracle today. Only God could have pulled this one off. Thank you
i think my dream show would be and
Toll lanes on I-15 -- A great way to save time for everyone? Or just 'Lexus Lanes' for the rich? Contact Chris
Flip, Flip, Flipadelphia
All that truly matters in the end is that you loved.
Your songs are universal chants to love and loss
Coming home smelling like cigarette smoke <
So is mine...: My Mother doesn't celebrate Mother's Day! She's Jehovah Witness! But thank you for the loving wishes!
watched a movie called Love For Sale this weekend. the plot was lacking (#russparr get a script writer!) but #MelyssaFord u are a goddess!
LitFuse - I am working solo this morning. James is out sick this morning.
#f4f my new page please thanx
hey thanks for following :)
recording some really low "Ab's" @ Bass Hit Studios!
absolutely! Same here!
1st #shoot w Nora and Christina about to start.
Breakfast in Oswego. I'll take steak and biscuits please. Thanks.
: Me thinks it's gone… Went live a bit before numbers were there…
'cause you know this is kind of my life now :) haha
what?! I have never, ever ignored you Jay!
I just woke, needed some sleep catchup I guess. I'll prob go in a little bit
Yearbook class >>>
If you can go days without talking to me, I'm obviously not that important to you.
We have a regularly updated US-based game tester job board to give you adresses to send your resumes
Yeah! My thoughts exactly! Thanks for being a Mandonna Fandonna!!
RT-"support everyone who’s willing to work; and every risk-taker and entrepreneur who aspires to become the next Steve Jobs."-Obama
I don't like to place blame, just state the facts as they are presented... Less than 30 hours and counting.
Everyone can be an #entrepreneur if they have the drive and a idea. #Actors use your creativity to your advantage!
Happy Ressurection Day! :-)
put blake on russy
FERC Chair Wellinghoff: Don't let Enron stop electricity mkt competition. Just like Hindenberg didn't end air travel.
The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself-Anna Quindlen
me too :3
yes bitch LOL.
thanks for following ;) enjoy your weekend.
Follow Me on Instagram! M this might get dangerous.
About to go kill it in Thai today!
I.wasnt invited
Good morning;) RT Hey what's up
what's in Chicago Mr. Mau5? I can't find any info on a show
My 1111 tweet...
The middle class income crack was a joke. Don't have a lot, but I sincerely want for nothing, appreciate everything I have.
Free comics? Zoiks! Promotion aims for new readers
What's happening?!!!!
It’s better to be hurt by the truth than to gain satisfaction from the lies.
my sis have me weak
well try!
I'm so bored right now.
These are the (last) voyages of the starship,
Headed back to Chi.
My fingers are crossed. Going surfing on Sat and things have been pretty awesome. You?
Fantastic #SILTweetup! All participants were great w/their photos & tweets. Almost as good as being there - almost. ;-)
Get ready for that new fire from new single "Show Out" ft. Shawty Lo #BANKHEAD #TEAMMEEZY #TEAMBADNEWZ N THE BUILDING!!!
gotcha. Well thanks. Would love to talk about pepper spray or Saldana on the air.
thanks for the retweet!
“ “ If pussy printed out receipts a lot of females would be out of paper #ijs””
that sucks, rookie party people
Our thoughts & prayers for the families of the many Hoosiers killed & injured by this afternoon's tornadoes. - JDG
Thank you so much for watching. Be blessed
Amor omnibus idem.
but Sean Williams didn't do anything. Writers Block was crazy back then. All the hoodrats knew it. Adam Morrison? Lol
FOLLOW MY TUMBLR. MY NAME IS nikolina13 :) thanks<3
You want him to follow you, don't you?
Keep the big picture in mind & prioritize love over self. Don't let a need to be right or a petty argument allow u to lose focus...
well, i know a bunch of people who are ebook-only but they have been slowly putting out POD stuff for print-snobs =)>
Take me with you, I'll carry your bags. Haha
"Please stand by me. I'm forever Yours....Faithfully."
Great pedal mashing session this AM, thanks much ! Til next time... :)
Plot twist jonny Craig joins of mice & men to do clean vocals.
I so need to get on reading that. We had him come speak at my law school a few years ago and he blew me away.
RT : Those who post comments using fake names admit they're embarassed by their juvenile views & have no courage of conviction.
So we ignore eachother, and pretend the other person doesn't exist, but deep down, we both know it wasn't supposed to end like this..
It wouldn't be very "LightCaster-esque) of me to drop-kick a rowdy teenager in a library would it? I could always help him up afterward :)
these are great Charlie! thanks for send us these.
Why do the queues in supermarkets always seem to be moving faster than the one you are in?
China is partnering with CO schools to teach about their "culture"...um? Not to sure about that one...
thanks for the tip :)
oh no! Tim has those from time to time. Hope you're feeling better soon !
true energy and connection as we all strive to find meaning in what we do but most important in who we are.
ROCK ON!!!! (P.S. Four is my favorite number, thus you will receive four "!" when totally agreed upon.)
Nothing chill.n what you up 2....
Warren Buffet's secretary is so cute! I want to hug her!
Absolutely not a fail! Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
Me: What are you doing? Matt: Playing dj with my vagina.
Great way to start a Monday, too :-) Thanks for seconding that motion LOL
throw down in the kitchen.. top 3 meals - Pop Tart, Cereal or (my favorite)Toasters Strudel lmfaoo.
When I see that one drunk guy at a party trying to be funny while nobody listens I remember our podcast.
I'm hoping you can feel me in your chest, yes. I'm hoping that you notice how you're blessed.
You can be devoted to love, or you can be devoted to fear. It is nearly impossible to be devoted to both. Choose wisely.
& you may go Kill YourSelf I Hadd Pigg!!
That's cool.
TGIF! "There is no half-singing in the shower, you're either a rock star or an opera diva."---Josh Groban Sing out today!
People that are on nothing but mainstream miss out on so much good music
' thanx for always being their for me <3 lil Jeffrey misses you
no I didn't go
coaching friend said LSU = Pastner? If so, a big east MSU = Orlando? Friend (early) had Trent to another alphabet school.
need a girlfriend? Well I got one right here for ya.
we are a smart bunch when fueled by
that's this fucked up thing we call life bruh. Lost my right hand in 2005. Gotta understand you here for a reason though.
Rich n Reckless gone blow like a cb4
So folks, what are some of your favorite naughty foods? My brain bones are jonesing for a new recipe project...
that's fantastic! thanks for bringing to my attention - opportunities for collaboration abound! :)
#lessambitiousbooks The Bread Also Rises
Basketball don't stop even when I dream<U+2601>
sexy name(;
there is no stopping me now!!
good stuff!
I'm gonna definitely subscribe to SnoopDogg channel(you tube)!
I wonder if you miss me.. Probably not......
or you could make me breakfast!
No im not bye lol
So glad the Yankees Royals game it's on every other TV with both broadcasts but no Twins game. Stupid 'sports' bar
#TeMiroYMeAcuerdo I don't know what this means.
?? All I see are squares with heads in them?
i totally woke up giggling this morning...i had the funniest dream!!!! so silly!
so punk
i hate shin splints!! needs to get better
My question is... would the Palestinians move if you gave them enough loot... It would be Worth the investment...
do we have one here? #notetoself get US brief.
Thank you to Nance and to Bobby for donating!
it's good to know taylor appreciates it as well considering i think she's won one or two awards before...
#LakersFanExcuseTomorrow : It's just one game! That we got beat by 25+ pts
thank u kindly!
I KNOW WHO NICKS GF IS !
and it's just April!
ZOMG! Okay, thank you :)
they look great! :)
Thanks. At least I have twitter and my iPad to pass the time on hold.
and you do not love you ''I LOVE YOU'' and kissed me and we got engaged ...
WHO IS HAVING A BIG GRAD PARTY THIS YEAR?!?!?! HIT ME UP!!! ILL BRING YA SOME SOUND GEAR AND A BAND IF YOU WANT!!
Sending positive mojo to all my new #Dolby friends either working or presenting at #CES this year!
Jeff Gelles: With the new iPad, Apple sharpens text - and its edge An Apple executive touts the new iPad as "this magical pane of glass t
Went to the UWM presser to introduce new women's basketball coach Kyle Rechlicz and came away impressed. Seems like she'll bring new energy
Mitt's in bed with the Koch brothers, Paul Ryan and Scott Walker. Does that make him a gay polygamist?
Gym time, body needs to go VO2 max today been missing my workouts & 2pc is def needed on the beach! Join me folks get fit!
God I hate Stephen Ross, what a horrible owner. You fire Sparano but keep Ireland? Are you kidding me?
Thanks for the follow, Nick.
RT: Words are like seeds. They have creative power. Isaiah says, "We will eat the fruit of our words." What seeds are you pl ...
Should Gov. Martinez be allowed to repeal driver's license for illegal immigrants? Vote now on www.krqe.com!
looking forward to playing at World Cafe Live tonight with Gina Sicilia...show starts at 8PM!!!
Noam Chomsky: If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
Too early
Bon iver please marry me, for we can live our awkward lives together.
Geez people they won both games. There's no law that everybody has to play all 82
Thanks to for the tour yesterday! Also superfun MIAP Alumni Girl Power session
it's harder than it looks!! Got off at the wrong stop two times.. My fault for not using
feelers are good.
Not in his world.
working :-) you
ducking for cover, the microwave is making odd sounds
Be sure and follow us as we will be posting exclusive filmmaking tips thoughout the moviemaking process of our new feature:)!!
Don't be discouraged. It's often the last key in the bunch that opens the lock.
So sad that I'm out of the office right this moment. ;)
all this fleetwood mac is not going to listen to itself
Today for the #rapture, use bold lipstick so you'll have epochal lips.
Looking forward to Minnesota #Stars home opener at the Dome after watching some #MLS with #Timbers v. #Union tonight.
Caroline Brown has a twiiter? What?
i think should go on tour with Paul and the boys.
ikr? she loves exercising and has this allergy... i hate exercising & would gladly take it for her if i could!
The proverbial cheek can only turn so proverbially far before you want to raise your proverbial back hand.
chillin with my lilBrothers, they are bad af thou
I nominate to answer this question. Everywhere I've gone with her has been good and I don't remember names.
Chulk really taking advantage of the Miller Park shadows.
4 more weeks of school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#Indy RT What was expected is official: #Colts returning to Anderson for training camp.
Why is my house so cold
Gosh. I could not have seen that coming.
At times I wanna move from indy and hit the restart on my life... got an amazing family and 3 good friends keepin me from snappin
Alicia Keys Debuts New Song, “Not Even A King” - Idolator: All About The Music
Hope everything is okay!
RNG was amazing. Blown away. So clean. I can't even. Like, I can't.
haha alright, well that's a good thing too! Haha
#FavoriteLyricOfAllTime " I'm tired of being sick and I'm sick of being tired"
better than dropping your cell phone between the train and the track
For FREE cover, drink specials, DJ info, & event invites, text "ENVY" to 46786
Today was pretty exciting. Love maintaining this positive flow-great things ahead!
According to a recent post by the Newark Art Museum, most artists are left-handed. As a lefty, I'd be interested to confirm this.
newspapers are irrelevant anyway.
Deutsche Telekom eyes $4B pay-off as AT&T/T-Mobile USA deal nears collapse Deutsche Telekom (DT) could receive $4 billion in compensation
So tired. i can't wait for school to be over.
I HATE YOU FOR THAT. no I want you to slam your forehead Into the wall & think about your decisions of private tweets <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><U+270B>
#NowFollowing official twitter account for Alyssa's new show #Mistresses -> ! via
ok, im not wacthing it.
lets see if they prove them wrong!
You have a mac now? WOW
well when I look up I see a ceiling but thats just me(;
Nah. Figure that we also have bad traffic, high crime rates and Casey Anthony. Haha. Cheers to your New Year, too!
CA will be short 1 million college grads by 2025
Another Nanny Pick-Up line: Wanna play house? You be the screen door and I'll slam you all night long!
“ 3 Things I know about you: 1) You cannot say "P" without your lips touching 2) You just tried 3) You're now smiling and Retweeting this.”
For everyone of us that succeeds, it's because there's somebody there to show you the way out
#ifitwasuptome I would get paid for staying home and sleeping! :)
To be honest, I've had some difficult days lately. I found no other way to deal with it except for when the thoughts came to mind, I prayed.
Comedy is difficult, especially slapstick
But it is
If you get beat. Just dive. #realmadrid 's motto.
Friday night lights? Light lights lit
It won't let her follow anyone hahaha
thnkx for the love bro!!!!
Yes, I agree. Career development will be a key factor in revitalizing our economy.
Damn you Sproles, I love you as a player, but I'm really rooting against you tonight
wishes you and your loved ones comfort and peace during this holiday season.
all SaaS is is "lease vs buy" software.
OK ABC cut to Miami now this game is over.
your uncle has so many selfies on instagram he's a camera whore lolol0
Damn man, wish I lived by the beach... I'd be set!
": dropping an ice cube & casually kicking it under the fridge.." <-- all the time
I get off of work at 1. Let the day drinking begin. Where's the best patio in MKE?
are you guys affiliated with Bethesda's Barking Dog? And why is your chicken quesadilla so amazing?!
I think MariAna had a great 1st birthday!
People are quick with that "Legend" label these days.
Lovin the grooves on
I agree! I say me you and jas get a bottle haha.
hey, no prob! ;p
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad a prettier Black Girl especially if she Light Skinned with Long Hair and is dating a Rich Athlete or Rapper
looking forward to a burger at hopdoddy.
We're looking to make some more connections with musicians in E Africa. Any contacts?
that is beautiful
No. One. Gives. A. Shit.
you are so insightful. I hope you are witting a blog on this topic...
Hey follow back please and Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
You can close your eyes to things you don't want to see, but you can't close your heart to the things you don't want to feel.
thinks that Lauren had her chance to go to Paris. She'll always be known as "the girl who didn't go to Paris."
was great to meet you, too!
you know cuz ain"t no black mother letting that shit side
Same. A cold, special place. RT Personally, I still consider Pluto a planet. It has a special place in my heart.
I'm glad I didn't know about until now. I feel more pounds coming my way.
Miami Marlins will open a series at Marlins Park v Houston Astros. Ricky Nolasco starts tonight. Marlins are a -195 favorite.
is drunk and got boo'd at the bar
The first new collection to launch is named Odyssey. My favorite pattern is #Dionysus. Come see why MR53
Welcome, Renee...Thanks!
Hey, it worked! Already got 1 :P
can i do more than one? ^_^
you're so angry. how'd that game work out for you anyway?
Happy 100th, Fenway. Still my favorite amongst the stadiums I've never been too.
Remember to puff puff pass.
TRAINING HARD ALL DAY, EVERYDAY!!! 3ARWALK3R
Hopefully this school year is a good year.
My dad would make fun of me -_-
Whatever it is. I've got it. I need to go to a good party soon :(
I'm a #saturdaylibrarian today, too. Except for 8 hours. And I haven't started yet on the West Coast.
Funny, I saw "Section 10x" and immediately thought, "Title 17, Copyright"
Clark College continues Career Days tomorrow with a job fair from 11a-3pm. Local companies are hiring.
Story Idea:How 2 build evaluation 4 PARENTS .Doesn't take a Ph.D. 2 produce a Ph.D if perserverant,hungry, determined
this week 100% of our profits are going to the Hunger CleanUp in MKE! help a great cause and get some great grub!
Bring yoo niggas with your success its lonely at the top
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit. - Napoleon Hill
whoops! I just grabbed the first twitter handle from the program in my rush thanks for the correction
We had a blast playing with and The Ascent of Everest last night. If you don't know those bands, you should. They're amazing.
Appreciate the 'suggestion' RT : : and
Toy drive for January 8 (this Saturday), need toys for 600 kids. Message me if you can help?
RT : RT : #rva - when the weather is nice, traffic cops are out & mounted police will pull you over w/ a gallop.
Follow your heart, don't ever look behind.
- we're actually in WA state. www.whf.org. Who's leading the effort in IA? We'd love to cha
WOW! Where are you headed?
told her. She's almost in tears
Feeling Great this Morning....like a new man......
women R always seeking closure 2 most things in life from past relationships etc.words from the wise some things are better left unsaid
yes yes they are lmao
Boo, no good. It has been raining here which of course prolongs dry time for my paintings & adhesives. :( It'll all work out.
I dated someone for a long time, not knowing who he really was..
Going raw for last 3 days before the 5K race.
Funds For Learning a host of free #Erate tools and information for applicants
Check out our new commercial staring and Big and Smalls at their best.
I'm not perfect, I know. Stop trying to point out my flaws all the time cause last time I checked, you have no right to say anything.
Ready for best but I have a photo assignment -_-
It went well as far as I can tell. A real blast.
Sucks to be on Cloud 9 then pushed off with no parachute... I stay prepared, stay parachuted up at all times!
hi pretty! I love you;)
waiting for the phone to ring.
Server issues have me in a bad mood this morning. I apologize in advance to all of the people that will have to deal with me today.
Organizing my itunes ... mainly so I can listen to "Blown Away" on repeat all night
Check out our careers page at indigosolutions.com to see a few of the opportunities we are currently working on.
Thanks to the students at Jefferson HS!
The daughter just did the football toss at the elementary carnival. Eek. I think she has been watching a little too much Raiders football
A1 c) The private world of ballet~John Gruen. Written during 70s ballet boom, a must have!
Finished my last paper for the semester...THANK YOU GOD!! Early day tomorrow with a doctor's appointment in the morning.
new location AND Twitter logo? Lot for 1 month!
Dude I just listened to "Unfriend You" and I loved it! Such an awesome song! Keep up the mantastic! (Which is a word I made
#cudiflow on the way home is legit as fuck
did federer pull out of roma?
Excellent. How come great acts bypass Sacto for Sonoma, of all places?
yeah I pay people for this too lol
Add Me Selen13 (;
Good luck to my boy, and St Thomas HS! Take it to em!!
Ace hotel new York. Very very hipster. Feels like home.
Happy B Day big Scott!! Have a better year than last my friend! 1 hunnit
I've not played any of those. Sounds like you're going heavy Eurogames. If you've done Dominant Species you can handle Caylus
OPB emailed to tell me :10 copy is approved & that they are planning a Burgerville trip since May seasonals sound so good! Go Asparagus!!!!
Today in 1969, Abbey Road was released by The Beatles. It was their 13th album and their last together as a group - RT
I miss playing soccer.
At my new appartment in Orange Beach, Alabama...:3 I love it already!!!
Wat a night def gotta make it better today
hahaha you gotta work on that not failing thing.
My daughters are dancing and singing for me in their room and I'm trying to hold on to this moment forever.
no problem.
NBA officiating is sinking to a new low in this Clippers game!!!
Does it get better than March?
im wait for session with u!!! im so excited... #cantwait ily <3
it may seem like i dont care about you, but it's killing me having to not be friends with you.
Trying to decide on dinner destinations and shopping musts for next weekend in Chicago- any advice?
Just finished doing the dishes from THE pasta feed.... Whew...
Mom knows everyone in roanoke.
The "Upcoming Performances" tab has been updated! Click on it on the right of my page for details on shows and appearances.
yes, it's definitely a soap opera but with British accents somehow it doesn't feel so trashy~ we love it!
third day of mtu error on my xbox. verizon blames xbox and vice versa. spent 4 hours on hold so far! do i need a new ISP?!?!
MF is all you need for vid - for digital stills AF is nice to fall back on. A friend had Zeiss lenses, I think Canon is sharper.
What if Michael Bay crapping on our childhoods is an aversion-based approach to snapping our generation out of our extended adolescence?
What about TIger? and Favre?
sorry I didn't reply sooner. My 3 yr old hijacked my phone.
Top of the Morning to You!
hi redg! welcome to more useless technology
Julie Little quoting Carie Page: conference tech boot camp is "speed dating for geeks."
boring day
Loving the family archives approach for Baratunde Thurston's keynote. Moving, funny, and great historic #DC pics.
Pretty much. There's some teams that are eyeballing Omer pretty hard. If he gets offered a big contract, we might not get him.
The smell of rain symbolizes change, catharsis, and rebirth. I hope this is a cleansing storm.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! :D
: that's funny , g'morning to the casting couch .
i was making cinnamon toast today and i immediatly thought of
I have such a girl crush on Adele...such a good performance
Oh gosh.Its your opinion & people should respect that.
sick, what series?
#NP "All You Need Is Love"
Good luck to all of our law student followers taking Finals!
i have one for u star...stay shining
anytime cool wit me
Good thing! Stalkers can be an issue!
me x
We are almost going live!
RT : #BuildDayMemories Chris the build site leader lmao "i kno u may have hurd sum horror stories" lmao< everybody Hates Chris lol
Thank you! <U+2665>
#SMASH #SMASH #SMASH #SMASH #SMASH Ah so obsessed and excited!!!!
how is it a woman can say i love you and yet not want to see you every chance she has?
Our dog shampoos are detergent free so you can bathe Spot everyday and never strip any of the oils from the skin and coat
The Activist Archiving workshop should be great. Unfortunately, I won't be in Austin til the day after. Enjoy the #16mmfilm!
ABSOLUTELY! RT : Problem w tweet prompt @ checkout-default tweet is boring &/or trite. As always, customize when u can!
and follow my new twitter please & thank you!
Live every day as if it were your last. Laugh as often as you can. Love unconditionally. Never apologize for what your heart makes you feel
That's 80s retro. For 90s retro, read a physical book. RT : I am reading a physical newspaper. How retro
Thank You:D! You're lucky you're outta high school (x
I've done extensive research & can conclude w/o a doubt that when you stop growing you just waste away....;)!!
I need my travel tweeps for a flight to Accra, Ghana for less than $1k in December. Possible?
She's mad cause I chose to go out to the park with my family on this nice day..idk who u are
i'm honored that you listen to WPFW 89.3fm
RT : I'm at Anaheim Town Square () (2180 East Lincoln Avenue, State College Blvd, Anaheim) [pic]:...
571 strength. Hello Tuesday!
Zoe Leonard: you see I am here after all!!
River got hacked again
Sounds like I blinking jungle out here! 1000% humidity. Is this some dream within a dream? # backintherainforest
Okay I need to go to sleep now :)
that never gets old to me. Never.
shame on you Edge!! U2 guitarist wanted to build California mansions in sensitive habitat, nixed by awesome California Coastal Commission
WAS THAT YOUR QUESTION?!?!
Game over, a carrot eating M&Ms the highlight of
not for labor--my labor was very fast and intense, so not a lot to track. But I use Total Baby for nursing and love it.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 256
"I believe in the Kingdom come, where all the colors bleed into one. Well yeah I'm still runnin."
Hate us if you want but you got nothing to back up trash talk
I'm working on a story about Occupy groups in N.C. -- would someone from Occupy Raleigh be interested in talking?
When strangers follow me and I look at their profile to consider giving a courtesy follow back and see foreign language; I'm like WTF.
what a lame o
oh SNAP is finally coming to Seattle! thanks !
ok cool i live on the otherside of the stadium we walk most of the time but have a parking spot a block south
mayweather better learn not to beat up his girlfriend, before he calls out pacman
thanks! Super excited to chat about community management in #rotoloclass next week.
++-~.! COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
almost to 4600 tweets.. who wants it? :p
And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.
S/o to my producers!!$$!!
Throat singing Thursday
lol i forgot about that
Looks like you both chose wisely. Nice.
Psst… there are these things called "books." And they're evergreen.
Anyone planning on enjoying #tea with (or after) your Thanksgiving dinner?
Damn .... Tryna Kill Me In Here
has become an exciting team to watch! Love the team synergy! Go Quakes!
In section behind announcers. RT : where you sitting?
And beer that is really cold is a bonus too. Now if I could just get my normal voice back that would be lovely.
Using children's storybooks and mining them for scientific understanding and processes
I think I accidentally rebuilt the electromagnetic cannon once. Oops.
heath shuler is out
My artist said I need to hurry back to the shop I told him here I come I'm ready to cover the rest of my body
APRIL 3RD AT 9PM WILL BE AT HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE ... GET ADVANCED TICKETS FROM NOW FOR $5 OR $10 AT THE DOOR
gotta get me an iPhone !! lol
My back hurts so fucking much
Big shocker: Michelle Obama and Ann Romney outscore their husbands in popularity in ABC News/Washington Post poll
Oh . . . I think I'm getting it. OK: first rule of journalism is that writers have nothing to do with photos/captions.
… Applying the word 'innovation' to “high-tech, high-profit products and services tends to ignore the potential contributions of others.”
#ThingsThatINeed a new phone and computer. i break things too easily.
I'd rather look back at my life and say, "I can't believe I did that!" instead of saying, "I wish I did that...."
It's Tuesday and you're drinking? Wow you are pathetic
isn't eating his vegetables!
Very Nice!
It is possible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate limitations and difficulties.
have a great day also follow back
Great Information Warm up with Winter IPA from Newcastle Brown Ale WHITE PLAINS, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Newcastle Brown Ale, brewer of th
RT : #MM Your Service is appreciated... >>>>>Thanks very much! John
#Put a #banana in #your #ear #CHARLIETHEUNICORN CieraMariexoxo
You're closer to Chicago, I hear there's also commercial work there. But yes, nothing is like the LA market.
I Dig That, Same Shit
tonight 4p show.
Just witnessed meta-poverty in SF. A guy asks another one for money who replies: "dude, I don't have any money, I'm homeless"
Boy don't grab my hair you fuckin up my weave...
cause im going to manhattan
So far, 36 is pretty good.
What do you call a camal with 3 humps? Humphreys
O M FREAKIN G !!!!!! TRANSFORMERS WAS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE!! <3 BEST MOVIE EVERR! <3
The Chicago Healing Circle was Awesome!
I think I spoke to your sister? Mondrian is a great deal, other deals including all tax's Hudson $959, Tribeca Grand $1,464
Should I state the obvious? I'm going to because it makes me happy. . .TGIF!!
eager for you guys to open, waiting for you for so so so long to come to Colorado!
#RIP DJ AM
Gonna be MacBook-less for a week so it can get repaired. In the meantime, I shall live like a caveman.... Who wants to go mammoth hunting?
Celebrating the letter N tonight; great costumes on display - ninjas, Noah, Neptune and a group of young people dressed as Newsies! Fun!
Hit 3400 first level connections today! I love being a connector of people and ideas. Who can I help you meet?
“: I guess we have to break out the rain gear one more time. Drive safe, #LA.” seriously!!! Come on
how many did u watch so far?
“: Reading a whitepaper about #EMC #Avamar and #VCE vBlock.” <-- great stuff coming with #BRS under the seamless support
Well said, the bullet is in the chamber. Once my editor (wife) clears it for form and grace, I'll pull the trigger.
Attending the Big Business and Technology Expo in Orem, UT today...free food, kart racing and potential clients here we come!
Blink 182. They're show is going to... Oh.
choosing to wear a half shield in recreational hockey would be like choosing not to wear a cup: really dumb.
We have no food, we have no jobs, our pets HEADS ARE FALLING OFF!!!
R.I.P. Davy Jones
#SubwayFitChat When using hand weights, is there a better way to hold them to maximize the effect?
That went well...lol I for real have no idea what women want anymore, if I ever did. They just don't trust anyone anymore.
wheres the grub at? Im hungry
#movement121's CAUSEWEAR and CAUSEGEAR are made by people trapped in unfathomable
WHHAAATT?! Bet you anything they stole it :|
The people on my bus .. #Smh . They thought I was older than Matthew . How ? I don't see it .
Good morning everyone!!!!
Unlv product flo-rida....wish I just made cheese music, too
so true... & those with the most "authority" are often the least likely to be interested in a blog
No...I like your idea of the tacky stuff...I just have to work at maintaining your high standards for doing the shopping.
What would you do if you knew you could not fail?
I agree! Culture is IMHO the biggest thing MIA
LotusLawyers practice "a new kind of law..."
Breaking news from : Severe Vodka shortage on West Side of Madison. Avoid snooty Monroe Street bistros at all costs!
Judge wondering about fuller comment about jury "unanimity," whether jurors must be unanimous about specific elements of allegations
only 19 days until London :)
happy birthday, girl!
And then she closed the bathroom door in my face.
if i asked u to be my boyfriend what would u say
did you see that south park episode on chipotle? Haha it's hilarious check it out!
No. May 17th, I think? Next week Thursday.
its gone be wired 2nite......be in that thang.......ladies free before 2am doors open @ 1am byob 2451 walnut ridge-dallas tx 75229
Excited the team is heading to tomorrow (3/21) to talk about what
Happy Patty!
Welcome Justin Harried, the new MA Coordinator for the Democracy and Governance program
o what a feeling to be loved
Don't miss Escaramuzaa Golondrinas Equestrian Group w/ 2 performances in the park behind the Wells Fargo building at 2 & 4PM...
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend.
***sigh*** too busy looking at #Saab on #SeeSaw. That's the breaking news in my life- empahsis on breaking. LOL:)
maybe there is a possibility we can do a dove release here in Indy in memory/honor of Trayvon. Let us know!
JUST OUSTED MYSELF AS MAYOR OF THE COUCH
Happy Birthday to our friend Dwayne Johnson!! Did you know made his debut right here in Survivor Series '96??
: Rt follow Need to get this twitter game up!!!
with Miss Lydia and in a way with Janice etc... so yea! Pretty women got it on with Sylar, because who wouldn't?
oh OH so my food ain't good enough huh well to hell with you lmao
watching porn is so soothing.
Two houses; The one behind, you will abandon; The one in front, you are building; if the abandon one is burning, save it or build faster?
#metro DC #redline, single tracking due to passenger hit by train at Rhode Island Ave. earlier in the day. Check WMTA website for updates.
Perfect exist and is mostly appreciated in love.
Finally sunshine! Perfect day for a juicy Lucy and an old fashioned ice cream soda!
Why thank you kind sir ive never seen before. RT ": S/O iWanaBeMrsBrown"
Smelly garbage? Sprinkle baking soda in the bottom of your garbage cans to combat odor and retard fire!
Awesome thanks
Is your moon extra big tonight, or are you just happy to see me
I get such a rush from coupons!
Transformers;Dark Of The Moon. ;)
The only thing more pathetic than your lies...Is you. #ThingsIHate = Liars
#riverside it is time to @#%@
What a fun Saturday!! Hanging out on Lovejoy with the Gigantic crew.
well, the pizza was a total disappointment, I'm never eating at APD again. Lesson of the supermarket: you're never too old to be an asshole
Excited about our new spring dinner menu - lots of local seasonal goodies, including House-Made Beer, Ramp and Bacon Sausage.
I'm a Verified Legit
Cool, I'll keep an eye out for it then!
Going on stage in a few hours with some amazing musoes! Come down and hang with us if you're in
no lmfao it's been confirmed he isn't
ewww someone turned on the heat dry option on the dishwasher. R.I.P. fallen sippy cup lids
please follow me mikey !!!(:
If your stomach feels weak then my work here is done. - Chiodos <3
The Morgan Hotel seaside, great choice. woke up 2 sound of waves crashing on the shore
So much ass on tumblr today... I wish I had nicer bunz...
yeah 8 is the minimal number
I cried when I saw the first paranormal activity
; When I lost all hope you showed me love I'm checkin for ya girl you're right on time, Angel of Mine.
yes, this. See?! RT : easily amused people have more fun.
Excellent people to follow!
''I asked Ms. Blake to prom, she said no and that it wouldn't be appropriate.''
I will follow you! If you have tweets for the other Trooper York folks, send them! Thanks
Whenever I remote lock my car I first like to make eye contact with a stranger, and point-warn them.
A Haunting in Connecticut: part Amityville Horror, part Lifetime mom movie
": Let me get this nigga together right now"---- what's wrong
You know I love that idea! Wonder what would be grand prize?
A very diplomatic way to put it. Nice use of the public deliberation space to create inter-est.
TODAY IS THE DAY!!! Registration starts in 30 minutes. See you at
I'm not afraid of love, I'm afraid of not being loved back!!
whats everyone doing?
The secret of the joy of work is contained in one work: excellence. ~Pearl S. Buck
did you know , no one likes you, and I'm a zebra(:
negative ghost rider! :(
New York.
Because you're mine... yfrog.com/kfvcffaj
he called you? merp, i have to start every thing. yo lets hang out with guys.
they're great!
Strictly Business like EPMD!
Kikos went off now time for a quick power nap hope everyone has a safe blessed day
whats up bro?
Monthly dinner club tonight at Good choice this time!
Adobe Illustrator is the most backwards program I have ever encountered.
Do you have a weird topping you can't help put on your pizza? Let us know and get a free slice card!
Be good to my hometown! Breakfast tacos & Fireman's #4. This is my only advice. What's up, Austin?
It's back dot com! LOL OK is this what having cable does to you? I've been watching for the last 3 hours.
I'm tired
you could try the strawberry smoothie or a caramel machiato!:)
Why not? #discountDoubleCheck“: Going to San Francisco next weekend? #giantswin”
If you let me ill take care of you...
You yelled rape at the top of your lungs. He had the craziest look in his eye and at one poin he said lets get it on.
SO happy to have a glass of wine, crawl in bed with my kindle, and look forward to another day of making magic happen!
Attending Kalu's Campaign Meeting at Lusaka Hotel
Oh shit, this will be fun
What is your office's plan for NATO in Chicago? Does your office plan to work from home? Use Visimeet to avoid any disruptions.
same, its so hot so we came ice skatting! Lol
Everybody knows that a broken heart is blind
I like how shoes and makeup are taking up 3/4 of my suitcase!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.... BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY..:-)
scraps is scared.
En route to Oakland from EWR, also on the same flight.
WIN THIS NOW COREY
Solar Sisters: supports women entrepreneurs, Avon ladies of light, bringing solutions to off-grid, 70% women & girls
now its time to put out the next fire.....
Snap on feathers for $20... um...no.
glad u like it but it truly was a guerilla motivation. I have no idea who posted it!
Good design is like an ice cream sundae.
If you need Assists go w/ Sessions he's been averaging 6.5 in the last 2 weeks. Thompson-7 boards avg. over last 2 weeks.
It's good to be positive! What is one thing you love about yourself? We want to hear.
better yet, how about I join you! :)
this will seem weird, but the Americans are greatly respected by me, they're cool. RUSSIA IS COMPLETE SHIT!!
Suddenly rlzd that the day ull come to Spore is during our school holiday. Woo Hoo! <3for u!
Bye guys I'll get back on later..I have to study for my tests if I don't pass it I'm dead.
money changes everything????
I turn 40 in 3 yrs. already thinking of a landmark trip to take. Suggestions?
Great things happening within the JF walls today, Loving life, loving YOU!
raving at joe louis sounds about as much fun as Getting your D sucked by a prostitute w. a mouthfull of glass.
Boston tomorrow, wit the bro's that shyt ganna be cray....
okay I see you swimmy
Just added two new dates for Tarot Classes in February!!! Beginning Wednesdays, Feb.2nd and Fridays, Feb. 4th www.PsychicRick.com/class
Off to OB Dog Beach with my guitar and my beautiful dog Benji!
I think the reason why so many marriages "fail" is because as a whole we're continuing to view marriage thru the same lense.
Taking a little break from the Interwebz to complete some last minute projects and spend some time with the family over vacation.
Messing around with SharpMap in IronPython.
Would it really work? Cause I would think they'd thaw out if your having some major hot sex...
its called a vasectomy
Fina hit up opry mills again today, go look at prom dresses, go get my hair done. And text him while, doing all of that. =)
please I'm in way worse shape
Graeters, candy bar surrounded by ice cream. While undeniably good, no Jeni's.. kids still happy though!
Its crazy how we value ourselves more then gold but we would die just get a dollar
respect my gangsta!!!
This crowd needs to fly jet blue.
its only half past 12, but I don't care. It's 5 oclock somewhere.
Are there corporate farms making rawmilk anywhere that it is legal? Jeremy - Not really.
Holla! RT : I am going to follow you just to see all the curry related puns you tweet
duh he loves me... Ballin! Where ya gonna work?
Looking for a good book to read starting this week. Maybe some mystery or historical fiction. Any good suggestions?
And must be set up in such a way it does not become an incentive to bring in kids, then say it wasn't their fault!
I'm not sure exactly but I think I'm obsessed with eyebrows...yeah I must be bored
So 1D was asked to Sing on the Kids Choice Award U.S Nice (: more One Direction on my Screen haha
Making churros like a pro
I know Betty is a bitch & a not-so-great mother, but I kinda feel bad for her.
There will be pictures. Especially of the donuts.
I never said anything like that!!! Gosh, all I asked was if you could delete that one little part so my mom wouldn't see
shut up egg
Dont ever think ur perfect there r always problems flaws & faults within ones self to work on. Just need to work on them
Excited to be done with school, but even more excited for the summer...
The demo that is showing uses XSLT pipelines to progressively process the LMNL markup.
thanks my guy!
life is more like that eels song..."tired of the old shit, let the new shit begin"...
Thank you so much! :) Glad you like them.
Omg I'm so tired!!!!! I'd probably fall asleep in class
And now I feel like losing you. When you're not even mine
Locked in during rise (: “: Should have asked why they raised their prices now when the price of coffee is going down. :)”
: can you say right wing nut.he's as wrong as two left shoes.there people, there is a law against that.
Don't trust it, V! It's EVIL!
After barrett-jackson come hang out and grab some great food and a cold drink. Suns,coyotes, and ufc tonight all on 28 tv's
High quality video that tells a story and motivates people to action!
This year is going too fast!
thanx for the shout-out
Please keep me posted. Going to Lucero this week?
Frances is in Boston ready to dialogue w/ Babson students, it's the 2nd University class in 24hrs for Frances!
Nice. I like the two songs on her site - Video Games and Blue Jeans. Dig the videos too.
VERONICA MARS MOVIE MUST HAPPEN!!! NO FANS?! WE DEMAND IT!!!
Amen : as someone who thinks QBs should actually throw the ball, I will never be a believer in Tebow time
liberal friend: Stop calling yourself a Neoconservative. Me: Why? It fits best. Him: Because the guardian redefinition is Accepted. Me: So?
Don't be afraid to take a big step. You can't cross a chasm in two small jumps. ~ David Lloyd George
I don't like dances. Plus if I change my mind there's always next year.
At fifty everyone has the face he deserves.
Great! Looking forward to it. Next week perhaps?
Didn't realize how much I love sweets until now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
..find the back of the net. After so many seasons of Gael Clichy (he did not register one shot on goal during his Arsenal career), I'm happy
Joey makes some bad decisions granted. But if it was me I would have blinded that cunt Tevez where stood
I LOVE your photo! Awesome. Happy Birthday again!
Stomp the Yard is on <U+E106>
MTV EMA 2010 in the voting for the best artist of the Europe as yet, the Polish team wins Afromental;D, and so on! Vote for them! Please!!!
"#55. More than a Man Less than God"
UWSP SS Dan Douglas got in an altercation with the HP ump after a called strike 3. Suspended for elimination gm. Becoming a big deal.
I like you so much <U+2665>
Five online tools that simplify HTML5 coding
good i guess
Had no business being out last night im tired af
But her family has money. Those loans, if they exist, don't pose the problem they do for most people.
why would you subject urself to that bs? whatever when you realized he stole the best years of ur life, remember i tried to warn u
hmm... loaded question. I would use fundamentals to gauge my expectations about the markets. But use technicals to execute.
Sex Is Always On My Mind.
I cant sleep:/
#thebachelorette ruins dating for all of us. Damn the helicopters.
On Mondays I like to languish on my couch watch The Voice, & ask myself why Christina Aguilera is such an insufferable attention whore.
do you ever think about matters close to home? i'm sure you're worried about Lisa...check out the story on America's Most Wanted!
Which is a true statement: Sandra Fluke is a slut; or Rush Limbaugh is a recovering addict? #BoycottRush cc:
To Briar Woods for match.
No tv/radio at Walker camp, confidence justified RT : (AP) -- Wis. Gov. Scott Walker easily wins Republican primary in recall
I honestly feel bad for Justin and the papparazzi went TOO far this time.... But these pictures did make my life
afraid of dogs or something? RT : Made the plane. There is an unboxed dog on it. #really? #really?
Watching A Walk to Remember, never seen it before
Feels like the last stop of NYE? Oh wait.... it is.
Friday. Sun. Yay!! Who we are today: beach lovers!
Yo go check the Purevolume! Free Download of our J Bro's cover. www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
my heart would stop if i even got one siple hi. he means the world to me. everything. a follow might kill me. its worth it tho<3
Well there wasn't no fight today!
In the absence of fear, love is all that there is, and truths are found. The obvious comes into focus, and the paths become evident...
Hello Monday I love you! Lol
ran thru clients office like ants at a picnic. vrus scan seemed to be trigger. Couldn't clean, did reinst, 20 PC's ... phew!
Ready for
thank you dear. I'm doing okay.. right now.
I got about 2 1/2pgs. Just checking in & then back to #writing. Call me butter. I'm on a roll tonight.
alrighty, i'll see! thank you for your suggestion love :) !
But its cool I just did it that one time so now i know won mention yours again for people to follow.
And I feel Iike i am just to close to love you ...
Don't eat the most when you are about to do the least? Make breakfast your biggest meal of the day, not dinner. makes sense right?
My uncles a crack head , and i hate his guts .
He was very close to being tossed for that nice comment.
I have to rethink this now that I know you and I agree!! That is just not possible!! lol
I love planet smoothie. They always keep it fresh
Flowers, and a card for 2 of the most influential people in my life! <3
Hey Tanner, would you be interested in buying some books this afternoon?
Judges are the weakest link in our system of justice, and they are also the most protected. —Alan Dershowitz
At amand Watkins' Graduation! !!!!!! You made it mandy! !!!!!!!
omw!!! heard is sick,, hope gets well soon!!!
Got it. Thanks. I'm now signed up.
Good lord I'm tired all of a sudden. Oh. Must be the wine. I refuse to sleep on this game yo!!
When guys cook, it's dang sexy. The menu matters very little.
So I'm home alone tonight if anyone wants to come over. Girls I mean.
how do you figure? I've never even heard of that!
Just want to remember- mob preview and then special dinner....thanks online diary
While there is time/Lets go out and feel everything/If you hold me/ I will let you into my dream--STEVE WINWOOD
We'll also be giving away 2 Ten Class Passes at 11:10 and 12:25 this Saturday at Centennial Park! www.getactiveyogatour.com
go to the NYC show Webster hall memories
Congratulations to the 2012 Ivy League Indoor Track & Field CHAMPIONS - Columbia Women Track & Field!
ready for some fun at RDV nyc tonight!
omg i love simonandmartina <3 I really want Mblaq to say " I love alexis" cause im a fangirl~
what if Demi like writes a message on it saying how much she loves me. Lolol watch it happen.
Nice! RT : Ok, I'm going to pledge electric free (except for lightbulbs and fridge for wine) for 4 hours each week
hmm? Is that a rule? ;)
I hope you have a nice weekend!
lmao you're right about that.. i love that movie
lmao Walla this country is just full of loop holes!
you're either thinking about me or you're an insomniac.
Lemme see how much this car place hittin me foe
I didn't. Not sure how Id go about that but I'd enjoy it.
i cant wait for the day follows me...it may not be soon but i know that day will come (: <3333333333
Some people seriously need to pull themselves together, and get some class.
Fucking unexpected/unnecessary vet trip! $$$$$$
nice picture i said he was cute but u think he is ugly
God bless me <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
"Are you qualified for that?" "Not really..." ...but I'm going to proceed to try to counsel you anyway. STOP IT, BAD TEACHERS.
What a day
yea that's tru too
damn this early?? But I 4 got you million miles away Damn Rico start shooting dollars lol :) June12th Hot Right Na
Latin Proverb~ Vulnerant omnia ultima necat. (All the hours wound you the last one kills)
You need hot beats!? JetandFade.com
Say what u want. U can tell a dude lived it tho The run ur Jordans era.
Martin Doerr #cidoccrm - Breaking your data up into triples is the safest way to save your knowledge and only way to merge data.
Im gone praise God where ever im at,,TEAM JESUS LETS GO
My best work is behind the scenes in getting others to produce their best work
RT : Anyone happen to be in Denver for the #Rockies #Diamonbacks game? I'm thinking about checking out Coors Field for the fi ...
Happy Birthday to the one and only !
Cosma is incredible. Seriously. I took his adv data anlysis class last year, and his slides are still a goldmine.
I wish one of these teams would actually play defense. Sloan must be having a fit about his team's defense.
RT : And so let me entreat you leave the house.
that xkcd comic was on the door of one IT department I worked at.
Musings: The only thing worth teaching is dissent.
NP, Patty. It was a great read.
And here we go with the Boehner's BS on the house floor. Why is there a priest praying on the House floor?
Sometimes I just watch these kids when they play. They're amazing.
Strand the bases load three times in a game, you're gonna have a bad time.
already pimp I like your verse too bigger homie Keep killing em and putting GOD first and you.ll get where you'really trying to go
Thanks so much! Just followed you! ;)
Bad Credit,Slow Credit,No Credit or Bankruptcy in Calgary Whatever Your Credit Situation is,We have approve everyone....
thank you! and thanks for the follow. Keep an eye out for my new spring summer line which will post next week.
"We always have time enough, if we will use it alright." -Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Your weekend starts NOW. 2-for-1 Happy Hour til 7, and tonight! $5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes, $3 shots!
Join us for a depiction of the Last Supper tonight on our Queenston Campus! Holy Communion will be served. Be Encouraged!
Time for some damage control to my room. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Life pass u so quick it RIDICULOUS :))
I am not a glutton - I am an explorer of food. -Erma Bombeck.
RT : Can we just call Log Cabin Republicans Republicans now?
Such a good night to hit baseballs.
I don't think it's normal to get this excited about ribbons.
I never trust a n*gga sayin trust me
Fox news is doing a story on whether it is safe to be a #vegan in just a moment. Cc:
A bumper sticker I once had " Are you driving this car? Then go FUCK Yourself!!
is the best dancer known in the world! He's the boy to beat like the judge said!! WOoOooooooohhoooooo!!!
You're welcome.
You signed up for audition my friend?
Breezy killed it !
On the way home to KY to surprise my
Tony LaRussa is retiring??!!
Members did get a vote. Voted for our MTI voters committee. Also had an open member meeting prior to that.
A day late and a dollar short.
sike i know i dnt gotta ask. right? we coo like dat
“: S/O to the newest member of bomb squad #walkoff #swag” nice job, kid! Go get 'em Wed!
I thought that was in Okinawa.
Whithey needs to settle down. Stop spazzing out.
Today is the birthday of my younger brother, I love you Bruce
#networks Great idea ! A lot of people don't think of this.
I can't wear my cowboy boots into the house because they smell bad. Well I have been cleaning stalls and been in the barn!
works for me
No! Most are myopic & since they're at games; don't see rest of lg. enuff RT : ...vote to retain their GM every 4 years?
why am not here
Heat n indiana goin 7 games. Strait up.
Who agrees that Austin deserves the world
I would head butt for Fage, but not so much Dannon.
oh just shutup already. Nobody wants to hear you talk.
Good Morning!(:
If I was hot, I'd be such a dirty slut. Would probably become a prostitute. Wouldn't give it a third thought.
ADHD - topic for classroom research
My job is definitely secure. No one else wants it.
Time to Rethink Dayparts - CSNews Online
My phones being a lil dick and not letting me txt >:|
MT : Always more than enough to do. #altac // Indeed!
seriously cannot wait to see the lucky one.
Females 5'5 or shorter are killing it >>>>>>
...to stop bullying & teen suicides. We can all do something to help change. Every kid deserves to be happy, no matter what.
/ Exactly. Engagement. Influence. But unlike the social analytics plays, BUZbuz is not a passive, historical view.
I love Cam Newton!
If Herm's socks, Rambis's glasses & Kiper's 18 binders of draft info got in a fight, who would win?
Middle Age - When you want to see how long your car will last instead of how fast it will go.
Tried our beer cheese fries yet? How about our mac n cheese? M......cheesy.....
What color to dye my jeans? Open to just about anything. Mint? Blogger blue? Turquoise? Chartreuse?
LMFAOOOO just found out what a SheWee's is.
Why do the 99% all seem like the douchebags who I can't stand to listen to in line at the coffee shops?
Hi guys i know your music very well ~ cheers on the follow I'll touch base with you sometime this week ..
Klout says I have a lot of influence about martinis. REALLY? Are U guys drinking more martinis cuz of me? Oddly comforting.
Revenue? Who needs actual revenue when someone i.e. FB wants to drop a billion $ on you? PS. Dear Google+, time 2 start shopping.
Have fun at the museum!
Summer job teaching a mere 12 hours a week that'll pay me nearly $1,000/month? Duh, I'll take it!!!
RACE has been selected as a finalist for the category of Louisiana Filmmaker at the 21st Annual New Orleans Film Festival - thank you NOFF!!
just eating pizza and watching women in black with Vanessa!
Are you good at blogging? We want your blogs!
so being the dowager countess for halloween. or joakim noah. one of the two.
#nyy #yankees Joe, you must start immediately working in the cages on the BUNT. We can't let Maddon & now the whole league..... F with us !!
Lol i carly
... On a hippie trail, head full of zombie .....
At the end of the day, if you want to survive.. You gotta bust your ass at doing something with your life lol
Are we the only ones who felt that?
Don't forget about the blood drive on 3/12 from 1-7pm @ Studio City DG! All donors receive $10 promo DG cards & chances at great prizes!
Music Monday’s Moves You with Johnny Mathis!
Ovi killed him. Might be a double minor.
Watching the heat game in bed
Awesome! Wish I could have seen them all!
looking forward to the live version - have a good trip and have lots of fun in Tokyo! Hope you find you're real Yakuza locales
I am in South Dekalb Mall in The Deck for the first time in about 10yrs, wow have this mall changed, and not for the best....
/: can I give it too youu now? lol
let me guess, Miz won?
no control during state games but I will check & see
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME ? 2nd time I've found out instagram tweeted my pics to a different account!
So embarrassed hahaha
damn gotta put together some scratch within the next 2 months. Spot opened up at my boy Matt's house, its pretty sweet
I got My Outfit For My ASB Class :)
I'll see you guys soon.
I love waking up to Mayday Parade in the morning. <3 and my boyfriend saying "where's my chocolate?!" XD
Did I wake you? Haha
Part-time job applying.
c'mon Tim, u r not that naive. U know what he really means: "teachers union pls vote for me"
For his anger endureth but a moment; in his favour is life: weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Psalm 30:5
Interesting Fact of the Day: Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Sarah, don't be such a girl. Playing tonight will be fun!
Nice to meet you too!
YES RT : For all who followed that band Telfaire... This week we will reunite to play Grace for our 9/11 service!
Likewise, should you ever find yourself in MSP, a visit can be arranged. Even a delivery to the airport!
Send yours to me.
at the park
I'm going to just start eating coffee grounds and downing with a little water. Sleep is overrated!
You can talk to me to
Sly Bailey to quit Trinity Mirror
RT : Liking your own fb status is like giving a high fiving yourself in public
so painfully true
:Do you have a FB also?
I have too much self-preservation for that puck stopping with my face nonsense #FORWARDFORLIFE :D
4 of ace eh? That's better than a royal flush!
Hackoff clowns r the Charlotte Bobcats of sports talk callers. It's what happens when unemployed & delusional have phone access
How come all these Avi's are dope as fuck and I have a lame one...?
"We don't need no trouble..."
Don't sleep on Mumford & Sons!
501(c)(3) drama is driving me to drink.
Always seems a bit more serious when Rosh Hoshanah comes.Getting cold here in Buffalo also.Could use another win by the Bills to keep hot!
- thanks! That oughta keep you busy for about 55 hrs :)
Don't want this to tarnish his legacy, hurt him going forward (All-Star, MVP, Hall of Fame)
Real truth. Bandcamp, people. RT If your band's sole internet presence is a myspace page, I'm just going to have to ignore you.
im bored. Whatsup
Q4: Play pretend, read to them, play WITH them. Yes, hi-ho cheerios gets old...but keep playing.
Some 5 year old kid is taunting the away team from across the field. Awesome
just tuned in and listening while i eat...not sure how long before the manager complains - no taste
both #tribe losses on this home stand have been in extras, had chance to win both in regulation...
please follow me I live you! Your so pretty and great on Kickin It
Happy 30th birthday to ! Definitely one of the most innovative agencies out there, keep it up!
If you want to return to MLS and KC doesn't play nicely, let us know and we/at least I will pressure SKC for you (as a SKC fan)
Trying to go to sleep early, but I can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
oh that's cool haha :)
Hyaluronic acid helps make up the dermal layer of the skin, and is there to add volume and shape to the skin by trapping water.
Well. is in fine form today!
Love is a game that two can play and both win
follow follow follow follow and get more followers
haha keep going I love this movie
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 14
Haven't started seriously scaling up yet—so far mostly things like LDA on several thousand books. Next is parsing, &c.
that's some straight bull man.
Cut out another 2 Min of the film! We're down to 87 Min. Getting close to picture lock, but still need to add a scene towards the end.
The Next PANYC Board Meeting is Monday, 11/8 at 6:30PM. Email if you'd like to attend. All alumni are welcome.
Get better D. Rose.
I'm better, I found a 1982 episode of Austin City Limits featuring Roy Orbison.
Zs wednesday night at public assembly!!
Thinking about posting a series of One Camera On videos. Ok. I'll do it.
#Shoutout to you too
Sorry to disappoint everyone but our behavior modification program is full right now.
"she climbed up the rope on side of the stage and started dropping lights on peoples heads. Story like that has got to be true."
#ItsInsaneHow time moves us on
To err is human. To arr is pirate
I asked the stylist for a trim and she acted like my hair was her Thanksgiving Day turkey...
In like a lamb, out like bad art coverup?
Started casting for the storyteller for the Amy Ames' Ausume Autistic Christmas Special... If you know of a great storyteller, let me know.
Finally got #LN37B650 TV (does 24fps). Set up #HTPC in LR: Mac mini c2d w/ Linux Mint & #XBMC. BT kbd, Gyration mouse & Apple remote work.
Thanks very much...and thanks for watching!
If I'd observed all the rules, I'd never have got anywhere:) : #AECSM Q4: Do you have rules for engagement for "expert positioning"
Train leaves in 3 mins. Guy is waiting for someone. Getting more nervous. Will they make it??
Is AquaGirl back or still dead?
#FF even better follow
"hit them little niggas up with a freeze pop!"
He doesn’t feel the kisses The ones being sent each night Hoping they might reach him To cure the bruises of his loneliness
Online Technology either lubricates or gums up social contracts.
I just consumed a bunch of double stuffed Oreos and chocolate milk and I feel slightly ill. >.<
Lol, either way I'd be screaming my ass off :P
in Davie? Hit me up. Ready to work and train for Pain and Gain!!
Smokin' a cigar, drinkin' a beer, eatin' smores, and sittin' by a fire. Dopping out of college doesn't seem so bad after all.
well they can suck it :Pand its at night??! and if they dnt give u candy...tell dem ozzy osbourne is gonna eat dem in der sleep
- Dear, Kanye Roses are red, Violets are blue, If Justin Bieber wins another award, you know what to do! :)
aha have fun..be happy ur going lol
I am going to start a new project in UDK, just going to think of some cool ideas tonight!
LOL...it was fun but exhausting!
oh! haha yeah. i'll probably never stop. it's just too much fun.
I am so jealous. What are you doing tonight brother?
Watching PBS - Great Performances "The Phantom of the Opera at Royal Albert Hall" - saw it in London 23 years ago - with my "Christine"
Please take out teal and put in thanks.
we should phone
Turnt up= my new favorite song
I did not know that!
RT : Fun class today! Thank to everyone that came! Please come for round 2!
Best reason to get up early for #40thFiesta? #KrispyKreme on Main Street - and #coffee!
That is all you need! We will have you on our list when you arrive.
Happy E. Day!
girl them malt machines 'SPENSIVE. tbd. will take part-time love in the meanwhile :)
GREAT NEWS | "#IndySM Lunch #5 is sold out! Bad news | We don't have a ticket. Do U have any SRO tix?
This week's COBO theme show features 6 Indo-American comics! Such riches! headlines - she's a 2011 competition winner!
“: It's hard to be a positive person when I'm surrounded by dumb motherfuckers.” Amen to that!
My God intervened again! He is so merciful! #humble&praisinghisname
Ed was in Boise today, why weren't you?!
sounds like fun! Im planning to send all of my hard wood floors soon and stain them moderen colore.
It's cold down here
can we interview you? Love your concept!
Gonna spend some much needed time with my best friend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
He who pursues fame at the risk of losing his self is not a scholar.
i know im a bunny~
Audience's imagine more in their head than you can ever act out. Audience will do it for you, their imagination is great.
follow me please :D
Hey Kevin! Come see us Thurs. with Girlfight! , and
how do you enable it?
point is Manning is one of the GOAT. This allows DEN to win Super Bowls now & develop a qb to keep winning after he retires
is it raining?damm no night skating
I would like to thank my friend Mark LeJame for hosting the press conference with me
Thank you very much, Auntie M! :)
Paid to hear a masseuse talk about how guys always hit on her, etc. And she made racist comments. Was not relaxed when I left!
#Newt Gingrich's check didn't bounce bc of insufficient funds. It's a zero-gravity check 4 his future moon colony. It's SUPPOSED to
Super late reaction over the #Dolphins #NFLDraft news: I am in utter shock #Dolphins did the right thing for once. I am elated...feels odd!
Thanks! Wish we had one here in Atlanta.
congrats guys
its still not good. You 'had been drinking' and couldn't take Jessica to my moms. Remember?
I really wish I could get more followers like it would make my day!!!
#RandomExBrewers Ben Grieve
Who's EDC?
Bill is making a phenomenal point to Liam about forgiving Steffy!!~
I need some grapes. (this is not an important tweet)
If you think I'm quiet… it's only because we are not talking about horses!
Goodmorning ! Im OD tired! :| but off to work.
Come by and see us for #coworking! We're open weekdays from 9-6 and are drop-in friendly. carolinecollective.cc
Sour Diesel in the morning >>>>>>
A little jealous of Monte's website.... Can we talk?? Do y'all Skype?? Xoxo
What? It's not like the rules changed between the time he started collecting the signatures and they were sampled.
Looking for interesting (not stupid and/or ridiculously silly) band name suggestions. Genre =
Just signed up for I hope this is an easy system. I really want to save money grocery shopping! $200/2wks wont cut it anymore.
do what? Faggot
No reason to go back to La. NY I shall stay yes!!!!
Hey! you! stop! That's gay! In my Kevin Heart voice lmbo....
Very strong Democrat leadership and lots of good Dems in Orange County should make the coming campaign valuable for our citizens!
Oh, good. I've been looking for something to blame. :)
I'm sorry if you received any crazy direct messages from me- I got hacked! I know, Anthony Weiner used that one already, but it's valid. :)
got the message loud and clear...lack of response = lack of interest.
In the studio with the invaders and
I ALMOST FORGOT THAT FRANKIE REPLIED TO ME.
how is Switzerland? Never been what's it like? I'm a singer too btw. Do you do anything other than singing? Or just that?
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic. ~Rosalind Russell
biggest sore loser
Sunday - 15000 chips up from 6000 - still very early - sry for slow twitter to my sweetheart
If you look up&see something fullfilling,only look down to play around w/your life.
Be thankful for what you have, but I know there's always room for improvement.
dear god please
got an email from senator david vitter today said he didn't like the fact that i said i would lose my job if i didn't do it..football party
No dont dieRT : Im so dead
Yes! I was going to say! Had delicious blackberry pecan preserves on my toast this morning. Looking forward to the other flavors!
New construction means additional expenses like blinds, welcome mats, shower curtains, and other new things.
wonder what imma get into today
yeah baby!! Soon will be rolling the Eddie Dinero private jet like our pal
wow..definitely
Seemed like was just getting warmed up on his #earthday Vance's View when it ended. Would LOVE to hear more.
Olympian Bob Kennedy is the Honorary Chair of the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K!
"have you not heard? ... God gives strength to the weary and increases the power of the weak." (Isa 40:31). -- Good night all.
don't lie to me!
Coming soon " 1 Nite Stand " visit www.onqnites.com for more info....
Thank you TweetHeart! Your See's treat Guest Services!
The 'WTF' moment when, you do a math problem, and your answer isn't even one of the choices
let me guess 3 parents and kids running around
My dude
deserves more respect. He should have more after the end of that game!
Thanks for following, Vipul!
Fast Facts: Spech impairment and language impairment have substantially different aspects.
what happen?
i want to pick up the newest bellwether winner"running the rift", but get "the girl who fell from the sky" by >>ok
Practice practice practice. Whos coming to my show tomorrow night?? Mozarts on lake Austin blvd 7:30pm
One single memory of us reminds me of how much i really miss you.</3
Speaking of that: RT : Back singing jazz at Agave Maria's in Ojai next Sunday, April 22, 4-7. Stop by casual fun
Can't wait for ceaser salad
#Baltimore has a funky presence. A squalid degeneracy that gets transformed into an icon of subversive glamour. -Raoul Middleman
if i didn't have a call i'd be up and about in .2 seconds to do all of these things.
BELIEVE ME, I KNOW. I'm super pissed.
Lovelock on Global Warming - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
But im yet alive…so im thanking God for that <U+E41F>
RT... Tough choice....Picard or Kirk? Spock or Riker? Can't decide.....
#Cocaine&Caviar
LOVE Pretty Lady. hahahaha. K$ sounds SO good.
DOGS ARE AH!MAZE*ING. EVEN PITTS. How does a DOG using TEETH drag a dead*weight of a 70+ yr old off of train tracks?!? HUH!
A Noise Within threw its arms wide open tonight w/ "Twelfth Night" in it's new Pasadena home. Feeling repertory theater love.
Feels like the CAL loss my junior year all over again..
see, that's what you get! ;-)
i should go sit outside!
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ~Philippians 4:13
Changing plans last second <<<
i suggest buying a paper. Support us poor sportswriters
I take that as an yes?
Happy New Year, Tabatha! Love your show, especially the episode in Houston. It's my hometown.:-)
yu can have it all girl just roll 1 for me
B.A.S.K.E.T.B.A.L.L - Best Accomplishment Sucessful Kind Enjoy Time Believe All Learning Life.
“: Don't know why the two goals were disallowed, but it could be 3-0 right now. #Crew96 #WhitecapsFC” Don't tell
Q1: I've always written. Started blogging to make it routine. But haven't blogged since Feb.
I love you're music so much can u please please follow me I will be so happy
If you like pop music, Adam Lambert's new record is too good to be true. It's so fun that I feel like I'm breaking a rule by listening to it
Just passed a business called "Lots of SLOTS for Fun!"
so funny to me
I really need a hug and someone to talk to. I hate getting so uoset over something that means the world to me.
Where are we and where are we going?
tks for the retweets Susan. Hope you are doing well.
Get up $150 off 7-21 days small group adventure tours for 18-40 yr olds in the USA this summer! #travel #ttot #lasvegas New tours added!
#CantSayNo to food!
Sometimes sleep deprivation is what makes you go with your first instinct.
highly unlikely...
Found funky malt shop at Solano & Central. Good malts, shakes, food
Dudes jeans are tighter than his girls...
Office Manners Tip: Keep your desk & your keyboard clean. (especially if you eat at your desk often!) Others will see it.
Amazing Race :D
Damn I feel like I was peeling potatoes 4eva
if you mean a set of Sequential actions, yes. Set the project to mark automatically when last action
Can't wait to Skype with my mom... this weekend. I'm going to go on a #iloveu mom twitter rant
Romantic comedy = romcom, so Dramatic comedy = dramcom?
I used to crack jokes all the time when I started so I'm trying to get back to mixing it up. I've been too serious lately.
Maybe long-form argument isn't going away, it's just becoming collaborative.
celtics got that win tonite!!! my day was just made:))
it's okay we always lose the first.
Hey want to come pick up your free tickets to the game for tomorrow night!? They'll be in Johnston Hall Rm 033!
I sent you the "invite" email to the address you gave me. It is a 500 meg file and it is showing up in my dropbox.
Having twitter issues.
Made my 5th loan today with for Team #Nerdfighters. I may not have much, but I certainly have enough to share. DFTBA
Nope! Just BAD!!!
RT ": Me and @/helloxariana are having way to much fun with #wheelchairjimmy"
i was to busy watching Philly win
My guess is, though, especially seeing their traffic hasn't declined w/the crit one bit, is that most people DO click.
Since ain't preachin tonite I guess I'm goin to bed.
power button and home button at the same time
we just really need to find great connections. Great concept, vision, and plan but the execution needs to connection help.
It never fucking fails that I can make though ATL tsa security. But get me in a smaller airport my shit gets taken away. Shaving cream. Fuck
HAPPY FATHERS DAY!!!
is that the only team shoes or are all styles in team colors? Wish Packers weren't lame AM90's
And a huge thanks to you both. Great sizzling start to the new year!
RT : My favorite spot to vacation is the Riviera Maya in Mexico!//sounds wonderful!
Thank You handsome i love you!!
Rocking The Tree Bar this Tuesday, February 28th, and Skully's on March 7th!
it's really not too late to meet Do it for the kids, man. Do it for the kids.
excuses excuses
MAY I HAVE A SHOUTOUT? To Alexus in FL
Sad when you can win a SINGING competition because you look good.
Social Worker Celebration Luncheon today! Xoxo for all the people advocates out there!
"Atheism is a non-prophet organization." -George Carlin
What exactly are you changing? Is it something super cool like you're moving to Delaware ;)
#ICantDateSomeoneThat doesn't like country music. I just can't. Sorry.
Shout out 2 da big homie at da king of da court good stuff folk
Very nice.
I cant explain to you how good of a movie "Apocalypto" is..
THIS GIRL COOKS POPCORN AND BRINGS IT IN TO 6TH PERIOD EVERYDAY JFC
Can't wait to get off work
I got you.
Ty love u too :)
Looks like this will be close enough for Cards fans to stay the whole game
so we talked on the phone lastnight til 3 in the morning and when we hung up he said "goodnight beautiful like u bunches"(;
Teacher bringing pizza to class. Is this real life?
And singing it, too! ;)
it won't even be the same without him there! Are you gonna go with him when he goes to China..?
Check your email!
A big part of why the Beasties meant so much to me growing up MT : ... the way they grew as men who related to women was so important.
My song "Life Not Typical" is back on the Most Added Chart for Billboard! Keep praying with me for open doors and thanks for the new adds!
My brain has officially hit "the wall" and I still have one more class to teach this evening.Time to find a way to move "the wall."
no comma
Thanks. I was pretty damn nervous to make it public, can't lie.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure. ~ Oprah Winfrey
#OccupyNashville Cops filming the faces of gathering crowd of bystanders. Awesome.
My tweets have been really bitchy lately
Taking a break from writing and going to see Joe Bonamassa at the tennessee performance arts center! We'll share some pictures soon
RT “: #OnceYou are honest with yourself, your whole world changes...for the better”
From the start, I've believed excessive restrictions in Uthoff case are 1) Unnecessary and 2) Detrimental to UW's/Bo's image
The Orpheum is quickly filling up! Grab a beer & a seat & prepare for a great ride.
Another class and I'm done ^.^
very cute . thanks for sharing
#WhatIWantThisSummer: to meet and
Come to premiere of "Through the Lens: 50 Years of the Japanese Garden," a documentary by SCAN, Oct. 29, 3p, at Arboretum. www.scantv.org
EWWW Why everyone like that spanish teacher in our skool? She has a mustache.... <.<
Yes! is a new gluten-free bar line and newest cookie is Double Chocolate!
NO! You got more enjoyment out of that than anyone else.
Go see HUGO. Do it! It's an excellent adaptation of Brian Selznick's book.
Hey #LTDArmy, let's get to 3,000 fans on the Facebook page. Get your friends and family to join the #LTDArmy today!
Yes he does.
I don't think I've ever pulled a bigger 180 on anything in my life than my reversal on Megan
That is what Aaron said about me. I lol'd.
Do me a solid and follow
Happy Birthday hope you enjoy the new car!!! :)
You have it all wrong baby, I'm the lucky one.
"My dick is on your dick bitch" -
Really nice on the courtyard today....And we have Voodoo White Magic of the Sun on draft!..along w/Locals All Saints, Lavery & Helltown
found a 6 cup muffin tin at kobys swap meet for $1! :)
DRINK ALL THE BEERS
Isn't Gentry the last player in Major League that gets cut?
Signing today at HMV Central! My last thing to do in Hong Kong. I have had such a good time! #hongkong -- Greyson Chance ()
Since I work from home now, I've been having dinner ready earlier & earlier. I'm dangerously close to it being lunch :-/
Thanks! Happy #TravelTuesday to you too!
grave mi primer cancion con Estrellas de la cumbia...!!!
We will be on the roof of the Leavey center at Georgetown U between 10am-11am to look for the space shuttle Discovery traveling on jumbo jet
Also tomorrow my birthday
I'm glad they caught this scum bag.
The typical male housecat will weigh between 7 and 9 pounds, slightly less for female housecats.
Track practice till 11(:
RT : Thx 4 the tweets! As an alum it's great 2 follow goings on @ AU. Keep...
HAHAHA I thought I texted that to the Wolfe 9 crew but tweeted it instead
I got a picture with you last night at the fire and Ice tour. You give SUPER tight hugs (: You're the best!
UPS just dropped off a box -- 2 more pkgs under his arm, 1 w/ camo tape. It's a very gay block.
This time next week I'll be drunk from Beer Under Glass, thus ringing in one of my favorite benders of the year:
Trying new route to USC, blue to expo v blue to DASH
Can't watch because its raining so hard my satellite cannot get a signal...
Like really. Is Kyle Kendrick actually serious? Come on man, I'm sending good vibes from one #38 to another.
Feel like my life is about to change in a great way! But in the meantime about to party in Weho with da boyz!! LOL
psst! I haven't forgotten about our lunch date! hint hint!
Coffee Meet UP Group this morning at KISS always fun
1 more hour! Be sure to tune into 98 Rock Baltimore to hear a live on-air interview & performance from ! www.98online.com
me to
The CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD soundtrack was awesome. Used to blaze down the road to that one.
Riddle me this: Scott Forstall, Senior VP iOS Apple () has a verified account & 50,000+ followers but has NEVER tweeted
Help please! Playing with my new 'work' iPad, need to know the best apps for displaying PPT & PDF presentations
Rehearsal was...interesting today? i think that is the word for it. #Zipline!!!!
Nothing like an 8 mile run through the streets of Philly to finish a great day filled with good design.
I have to get one before the kids do!
yeah boy you followed me (: thanks
barre work can eat my dick. If anyone in our class suggests that as a "good idea" for showcase, I will murder them on the spot!
You don't have to explain it to me, I understand completely!
Sorry - been out of the loop due to storming the new job. Any shows SOTS should see this weekend?
St. Basil, Greek religious leader First we form habits, then they form us. Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you.
Hi Mama,I just found out about the move. Are you guys ever going to come back to Texas? <U+2665>
bless up yourself! Thanks for following": #np u'l be mine.toi iz one of my great artist to be u"
My picks for best dressed at the #Oscars last night. Emma Stone. And J.Lo. even though her updo looked really, really severe.
TSOI-NY in Amoeba Records in LA: Picked up HOUSE OF LOVE record i never knew existed and Tony Visconti produced D GENERATION record too!
Someone in our office is rocking the Whitney Houston, hard.
ATTENTION: No cell phone and no internet. That's why you can't reach me. I'll respond to every text and message when my bills are paid!
was out with the boys having a good night till i got the email. now back at the house waiting on this conference call from over seas.
Steve Wargo drew: "to write a play w/ the 3 amigos, 3 musketeers and 3 men and a baby."
Hi Jeremy, thanks!
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality - Les Brown. Keep smiling.
Why is there so much fear in America to talk about RACE now? Blacks are not the ones who initially based WORTH on race, nor continue to!
LOL mine is a badass. His canines are like elephant tusk!
will you follow me please after 2,000 followers????
Tying up some lose ends then heading to the Southern Ideal Home Show to see our client Marty Graff!
can we ask you questiosn via Twitter?
do we still have a game?
Welcoming one of my favs to Twitter -- give a warm and fuzzy welcome to !
channel... As in youtube? Uh oh
GreatMorning, Hot Afternoon..... Live From Beautiful Denver, CO.
In bed with babee about to call it a night, we so damn old Lol <3
Still trying to pursue a missed friendship connection which is extremely significant. No negative reconnections. Ask me who v ...
It'll be a good day when ColdStone is back. RT : #chipotle opened just steps away from my office. Today is a good day my friends.
If you don't believe that you deserve it then you don't...
chillin my dude should be headed to lunch but hey...shit happens
Last night was fun
bored at work
Ready to rage #Bassnectar tomorrow! Then its off to Indy, Muncie, and Oxford!
I LOVE YOU DON'T EVER CHANGE plz follow...!:)u are amazing I hope you notice me!'
Thank you! (:
a few more months ill be in Puerto Rico to see my family then movin to San Diego then in 2013 i will be goin to Cuba for family and a quince
Yes,espec.w/evaluators such as Doyne/Love in San Diego. Perpetuate,lie,never hear crys of child when truth spoken.1000's hurt.
So they got Ebony being a therapist to Ronnie.... really?? Idk where to start on that one
haha yeah free food and movie.. Always down
#girlbyenotwiththem flowery slippers you got from the hair store( 2003)
they at least have 2. Just drove by Angels stadium & it's still there being disassembled. #U2 was amazing last night!
Two more weeks to relax before I go back into the workforce.
Today, I was lucky enough to spend time with some great students and future leaders.
Have fun today! Hope you have good weather.
Should be asleep, but wide awake. Going to see the tax man tomorrow....please dont steal my monies!!!!!!!
Well hello cheque by mail. Looks like I'm buying plane tickets tonight…and a jacket…and a camera…and some Louis.
At College Bound's first board meeting of the year. We are looking for additional board members. You ready yet?
devl environment is clean. Moving files from devl into production requires additional SKILLS. dmp
data. nytimes. com - where the data is available on NY Times
What type of post move was that #MarcGasol !
dude I could fly a plane into ur fucking nose shut the hell up, then I would kick you square in the face. Dont even reply fag.
I'll stick my foot do far off in ya ass u'll b coughing up toe nails boi!
Advice: Don't make cake pops before dinner.
Got a nice workout in at the gym, I always feel better after I workout :D
why did the county real property appraiser stop by and want to see our kitchen?
I kinda dislike this holiday now, I do love my mother though
Thank the good Lord above i dont have parents that are Nazis!!!!!!!!!!!
same thing happened here in 06
Only one more day to see 's interview with dancer before it goes into the archives - Don't miss it!
I cried when you left me for her.
Amazing, thought-provoking tweets from #femtechnet meeting, shared by all-star feminist technology scholar lineup!
I miss you...
yayyy! already got my UGA game tickets for this season.
Now that's what I'm talking about !Hope we can help you again this AM! Gotta say, today was a good day thanks to
I'm just playing, I'm not really that scarry.. but TBH that Avatar is
Thank you for all the sweet congratulatory comments:) <3
SO TRUE!
nice avi stranger...
Fanks girl!!! RT : I just stalked your website it looks beautiful! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
they have a mascot?!
#20thingsaboutme 16. My favorite series of books are The Mortal Instruments and Morganville Vampires, but my favorite book is the Bible.
josh is down (;
Pregame goes 3-1 on Super Bowl Sunday picks. Nothing like a great football game, and of course winning some money!!
wine in a dixie cup... don't mind if i do.
niggas who tweet about kobe being old and they know damn right he will bust they're favorite players ass
I just DM'd you.
What Is Your Fav Kenny Chesney Song? I Have2 Better As A Memory & something Sexy about the Rain.
Always been proud. Mike Locksley isn't about to give up on our football team and we've headed to the tourney in ncaab.
ah, yes. This. I think of this often.
Looking for new members to join me at the Dulles Chamber. Anyone interested?
the year we all died.
We have 3 girls...could definitely use 1 more, 2 would probably be great. still waiting on JC for her friend. Yes, get Mike
Newest music addiction? A Fine Frenzy :)
Are you already here at #dd11? love to find and meet you during lunch! personalization fund sounds awesome. cc
The Women Tell All is like the climax before the let down of the final episode.
Merry Christmas to everyone this fine holiday! Be safe and eat up!
I don't have a fat ass I just have a fat wallet in my back pocket
Correction noted "from the feet up". This is why I can't tell jokes, I always get the punch line wrong, but I always get a laugh.
So like table-hopping roundtables? MT : Loved roundtable discussions. More of those so we can choose multiple topics...
my students as well for I am at my funniest or deepest when I go off on a tangent. It's nothing we should be worried about!
They are legit, Dwayne Wiggins set this up - still is a placeholder for more serious merchandise to come
Love is being a wallpaper on someone's phone.
Apple and Almonds.... Not a breakfast of champions!
Sketching out new design ideas- I love this part :)
What's your favorite thing to do @ Daytona Beach Kennel Club & Poker Room? Watch the pups race & grab dinner? Play a poker game? Simulcast?
must of had some sort of caffeinated beverage to hold off the headache, right?
there's a song in my heart
Elena Payne is now a part of the Creativepayne team. Exciting things to come!
The gods too are fond of a joke. ~ Aristotle
Thanks for the tweet! Glad you enjoyed it!
I didn't see a beard on him. Lol
great, keep playing hard and doing your thing man! And thanks from the nation!
Some guy gave me a rose today at work and it made my freaking day <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9> I love Roses <U+2764>
... Kiss Austin because s He might want me to be his girlfriend! ;)
thanks babe! Love you too!
The maps really are amazing. And I've learned so much about weather data standards already!
I guess someone is back on tebows side now that the holidays are over...
I want a tattoo done by Ami
I just looked out my window and guess what? ITS NOT RAINING FIBBER RT : Perfect rainy day to clean...
I'm in new mexico.<3
Mobile Wallets will usher a cashless & CARDless society. We'll have a single data source on individuals: their phone. at
This movie never gets old. Me and can quote the whole movie.
On my way to work, I passed a trailer park that was named "Billy-Bob Park". The sign had a cartoon redneck next to it. Are you serious?
just you
“: Finally time to unwind.. It was a long day..” ugh... I feel u cuz.
thanks. I just happen to be about to walk onto the grocery store now, so this is perfect timing.
EVERYBODY FOLLOW SHE'S AWESOME! YOU'LL LOVE HER <3
totally agree. It's a mess, but so delish!
Thanks Hetty Chang!
computer games take the word nerd to a whole new level.
#Rangers #NHL Wow.
goodness = pre-springtime sunshine. Hold on peeps, it's comin'!
i*Phone update makes me so nervous!!
The only good part about being sick is I get to listen to all day <3
seriously? Tornado warnings again. Most of metro Louisville. Basement flooding. Damn it.
Thanks for sharing...loved that article!
brings to mind an SNL skit.
Just when you think can't get any hotter she post a pic of herself showing off her smoking body
I'm obsessed with the Hunger Games and The Eternal Ones.
Life lesson..check for toilet paper BEFORE starting your session in a public bathroom.
Rollins starts off the 9th with a single to left!
. they missed out 'finnish your language requirement.'
Blue Valentine starring Ryan Gosling vs. Tom Waits' Blue Valentine? What should I kill myself to?
Oh, I bet would love to get in on it too!
hmm yeah I guess lol just going with friends though I guess that's all you need! & yes will post pics for all of you!
Am NOT looking forward to school tomorrow, but am looking forward to dominating everyone at Track and Field Unit!
I'm hella tired.
This girl to my right is fake.
Director Dave Boyle is seriously funny. Great Q&A w Goh Nakamura after "Daylight Savings" screening.
Stopping by just to knock the dust off my site, lol... A few more weeks and I shall be back in business, Haan...
Ayee Arizona texters, as of yesterday it is illegal to text and drive. Safe driving :)
Babysitting spoiled rich kids<<<
yeah we are on the #partybus just leaving
i don't care what they say cause i know what i am
covering the Sentiment Analysis Symposium on Tues. Presenting at J.Boye on Wed. :) busy, busy!
best cure for sore abs? another ab workout...just feels wrong if i let them rest lol
heading to for some post #sxsw nutrients to make me feel whole again.
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover the prisoner was you...
: Bwahahaha. Indeed I do. I can walk from my house to one of the best Goodwills. Open invite to you here! Anytime, really!
there's a tornado in Oklahoma !!!!!
sounds like Alex owes Kyle a beer to me
The highest gust I've seen thus far is 45mph at the Sunport, and that's happened twice. No official peak gust yet, though.
It must run in the family! Lol
"what doesn't kill you makes you stronger"<3
Its a Family Affair!!!!
u knw else like tht joke?
President Obama came out swinging today! The rich who gained at the expense of the rest of us should have to pay their fair share. My Prez!
#HadTheSnotTestedOuttaThem MT : Today, NY's 3rd Graders sat for 2-hr test on 3 readings involving animals in captivity.
I am not gonna complain about being hot! : Elevator company is here. jammed door enough to get us air. working to get us out.
“ Brainstorming knocking ideas around”
Craving #davesdiner right now
Working is a great release of tention and passion
Home from work, sipping 2010 Reserve Sauvignon Blanc, watching a show about work
I believe the word is soap.
We got your post festival Jam covered! $5 Smirnoff Talls $3 Rumchata/Powers Shots $1 Old Mils! Big Kee behind the bar?! Say What?!
no wonder my alarm didn't go off this morning.. it was set for PM. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You"re welcome:-) RT : Thanks for the RTs!!
Why, thank you.
Brb. Emotionally eating.
I have to stop buying shoes, just bought the same pair of shoes in different colors. Now that makes 20+ pairs of shoes that I have.
what's the hash tag?
The Breakfast Fight Club #ohchat (best to get the fighting done early in the day.)
The big Brand Page Timeline switch is this Friday! What are some of the best cover photos/designs you've seen so far?
Anyone have a simple explanation of health insurance portability? I'm pretty smart, but am having a hard time figuring it out.
Omw to work :((
LOL! Corny jokes are still 10 times better than spam. Love it :)
why thank you my dear!
Who are you most excited about seeing at Coachella?
Nice! I like it...mass distraction.
Well now that I have studied econ for the past 4 days, I suppose I start studying for my accounting exam which is before that. #priorities?
How about a shout-out for the Tosa All Dist. Choral Festival! All elem., middle & high school choirs! 7pm @ East
thanks for the RT; we are on a roll with press, etc. Love helping out!
FINISHED WORKING ON ANOTHER SONG FOR MY UP COMING ALBUM.
are you getting all wet?? It is just brutal looking on tv!
God I hate my job! <U+E404><U+E113>
So very true! I'm doing my part!!!
Went to my first prom tonight
glad you liked it! Thanks for the feedback
so glad we get a new air conditioner tomorrow!
did you lose your mom?
Only a couple days left to sign up for the Madden tournament. We need a lot more heads to sign up so spread the word!!!
Talking to my gf :D she makes me so happy
no I don't feel you....
Ahaha he really did tho,Tech was always wack to me anyway. Never thought he was funny like that
Sacha Baron Cohen Leaks 'The Dictator' Opening Scene [VIDEO] - International Business Times
Mom: if you get sick you can't go to school.
Expect Fireworks in tonight's #xfactor me & #cherylcole bought loads of illegal snidey chinese kidkiller bottlerockets in #Dublin yesterday
When is it not time for #chipotle ?
Had such a great day today!!
my pleasure I just wish you had some of them as prints for sale :)
If I don't follow you back on instagram let a bitch know
thats the (potential) kicker... whenever we want! DJ S. Dub is alive and hustling!
Sorry, sir. /sulks away
Should it be so unsettling to see someone stalk your blog?
Fresh Batch ready to go today!
Someone just texted me, "Fuck me in my butt," hahaha.
get yours! #Funky7 in downtown #RoyalOak is our exclusive retailer or online at www.southdetroitshirts.com
#AskKarmin how does it feel coming home?
#oomf need to make her damn mind who she gone cheer for
playing in San Jose tonight...hope to see you there! :D
I started playing #Bridingthenet from bc my 6yo loves birds. We can't wait 2 go 2 the Lab in 2 weeks with her!
Movie recommendation is John Brolin in "The Amittyville Horror"
RT : hope chargers get a freaking team together this year! -- Me too! They will...I have faith!!
Had an egg hunt yesterday...that was interesting..found out my great nephew is 3 going on 47..
Spontaneous pizza and beer night on the back deck with a couple of friends.
JPalfrey : DPLA at its core is the people who want to solve this problem. We know we can do better.
Looking forward to that dessert potluck tonight. Warm treats for a rainy day!
tx for shout out can't wait to meet you.
Idk what this school is smoking, but let me have some of that if you're going to expect me to cohabitate with birds in a food court - Jason
How was the rest of your trip in nashville?
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 23
You would. That's why we love you. RT : "I hate boxing. Yeah. I said it. #Beastmode"
I guess I'll keep my rope of tape to myself.
Guess ill be taking a cab to the laundry mat before work tomorrow. Lawd i miss my car. Moreover, my next apt HAS to have laundry in unit
Congrats class of 2012 :)
It literally appeared on my doorstep. I don't know why. It might be a miracle.
Haha idk but that aint sound like u fag
key difference between GOP and Dems, we see all Americans as individuals not parts of groups to be pandered to for votes/$$$
Stuffed quail, baby carrots, onions and potatoes, brussel sprouts (baby cabbage), and microgreens ¨¨ tiny tuesday thanksgiving is on!
thanks so much for the follow. I can't wait to read more about you guys. I live in NJ as well
Still saddened by the Rosebud and Times closing. So many memories, and #Milwaukee classics, dating back to the 1930's
She won't be...but we have MANY awesome wines & some killer pinot grigio coming. Will we be seeing you there?
Is it bad that I am excited my trainer canceled and I don't have to go to the gym today?
Get better, bud. I too am laying off the sauce. Did damage!
Hay waddup!? I spent all day hanging out with ! She awesome! :D
Snow.. In CFL!? come get coffee, I say! 258 E Eau Gallie :) Vegan Mocha Latte = yum yum says
i feel like my hair grows as fast as rick ross' beard
Wow, it's hot out. Time for the AC.
Being an intern was priceless. An amazing show and a brilliant staff
Hooray it's Thursday (8 days til #Yankees baseball!) but my to-do list has grown ten-fold since Monday!
is a classy gentlemen. is a beautiful lady. is a classy grom. <3
Is anyone going to watch #HawksvBucks? This is probably the worst series in the 2010 #NBA Playoffs
will you promise to model whatever you buy ;)
Just left the Rosebowl, great time with Ed Asner, Gary Cole, Holly Robinson Peete - autism parents all!
No Problem Thank You as well!
Truly: Invention is a flower. Innovation is a weed
Have a good time watching the ponies! Good luck!
My boyfriend is the greatest! Can't wait for my weekend getaway with him and Kasey to Disney world :3
Welcome to Washington, D.C., where the buck stops here! And then it's handed out to AIG and many others. - Robin Williams
DM In addition to creating the first Digital Textbook, I have another company that can help with fundraising. DM if interested.
Character develops itself in the stream of life. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It's 68 in San Antonio right now. It will be 41 degrees in Boston when I land.
<3 that show
God I'm bored.
I just gave a woman $700 to put her screaming baby in the overhead compartment on this plane
Just realized I lost my phones SD card at Cuvee last night. Great
Last night #RAF Gold Lions at Eastman House was entertaining as hell. Great job by and the rest
It annoys me that my little cousin just ate at a party, then I get home from work with taco bell and he's like "I'm hungry! I want food!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
nice! Wish #GA had more ice action! Go Biebs!
Rationalizing my grades with this being the first semester of me ever having a job/internship... And said internship being badass.
Keep up the awesome work Travis!
Please give Chuck and Blair the happy ending they deserve.
My good boating friend passed away last night peacefully with all of his family by his side. He was a great father, Godly,& good friend.
“ Don't settle for anybody, just so u can have somebody”
KATIE YOU WHORE
sigh -- total joke failure!
My dream has aways been for u to follow me follow me please Alyssa_Milano I'm following u
This is my HELL!
I love Pan Am!
The 2p showing of THE SOURCE had a great turnout. As did COMPLIANCE @ a later time. Nice to see so many people supporting #mdff12!
wants 2 do a stand up show 2 raise $$ for Nash floods. send him a tweet and ask him 2 come 2 Nash 2 do the show
not sure yet but somethin's gonna happen!
Sounds like a GREAT day! Thanks #MonicalsRT : Shopping and pepperoni pizza from Makin my day :)
One of the best ways to improve your fuel economy is to change the way u drive: speeding accelerating & braking can deplete efficiency.
I love speaking at elementary schools! :)
Solid logic, thanks!
We have 30 views so far of our Youtube channel. Now the challenge is to add a ton more by the end of August. We have the beer, food & music
These next 10 hours can pass so I can die in bed now
his punk ass
I think that be pretty awesome, bro? I wouldn't mind being followed by you :)
#Ilovewhenyou pick me up & swing me it lets me know that you missed me & you're happy to see me <3
They are cute little piglets! Thanks.
Good job boys. Now for round 2. #basketball #BigW #
oh...bad...RT : But All Dogs Go To Heaven... Hollywood even made a movie about it...
my team n I r very much respected so PLz donCOME Cr
Super excited to be joining the team here in SF!
I have been reading Stephen King's "Under the Dome" for a year, and I've only gotten through 100 or so pages of the 800+. Time to retire it.
It feels late af
How to lure the neighborhood cats: open windows and play Bon Iver. There are 4 cats outside my window, I kid you not.
Me too, FG not a guarantee. RT : I have no problem with Giants scoring that TD. Gotta take points.
let's wax philosophical for a hot second - define "rock"
Seeing you smile makes me smile.<U+2764>
i follow you in u twitter Now please you followback me in my twitter Please. Love
Fuuuck you taco bell for making me sick!
Never regret what MADE you smile
haha that sucks!!
come to kaitlyns
If you play Drawsomething, hit me up at jjjacklyn
You are so sweet for retweeting this. Thank you!!
Appleavocado meets the Big Apple this weekend. Now if only there was a city called The Big Avocado...
Demi Lovato is amazing.I love her song Skyscraper.
S/O to man, nigga gave me 3 dope 16's for the project #G2T$
until they're not winning. Then they don't even know they have a team.
i didnt even know there were plans :c
Right on!
Lmao sorry for scaring you before! Me and Kate thought it was Kristie in the car
thanks lady. We'll see how it goes...
Will do!
Ah yes, being a grown up sucks.
#100to1 Creativity in Business: look in unexpected places for talent.
What a great night thanks to && the band. It was great to hang out with you all again! (:
Is assistive tech such as voice to text and spell check is making us collectively dumber? I doubt my kids will be able to read a map.
That is a great new jam.
are you still up???
aww, oomf wants attention so bad .
Stay tuned for an all new iBand.me !
I like your tweets. You are in my "interesting" list :)
Science has never drummed up quite as effective a tranquilizing agent as a sunny spring day. ~W. Earl Hall
Looking for great live #music tonight? Check out Lem Banks & Jeff Stoll down at at 6pm!
I hate algebra.
Now reading: Cheesemonger - A Life on the Wedge. Great book. Making me want to learn to be a cheese snob.
yeah it's ok to beat a woman ! If I did that shit I would be locked up forever! Fuck u
I am, silly goose :)
that's the part that makes me physically ill & I usually have to block them
I'm part of that loud, annoying family that no one likes at restaurants. -_-
#EveryTwitterTimeline have that one person that gone be twatchin everything you doin!
we both needed that today. Thank you.
Is there a full moon tonight? All the loonies were out on the subway today.
is ur name lil foot? or am i seeing things??
lol....yes! There's still some of us left :)
BREAKOUT !!! SO glad to be with Sporting KC!!!
Lots of choosing is going around town
Indiana will win the National Championship next year. I'm calling it now. The movement has begun
- great tattoo! Love it!!!!!
I was trying to figure out what to hashtag it as
If that ballot is still sitting on the desk mail it in with a YES vote for
I do not like green eggs and ham. <.<
Honestly, I don't know how I functioned before
Applied for 2 jobs hopefully i get one :))
Unfortunately, the 4.5 consecutive snow days have delayed the review of applications. We'll let you know ASAP.
I don't think you realize how much you mean to me. So happy to be called a belieber. I love you Justin. <3
If I were in charge, you would have to pass a written test and interview process to be allowed to camp in AZ outside of numbered camps!
oh yeah! Even better
Seeing last night was a surreal moment.
Not that I've heard of!
OMFGGGGGG 's new music video for Prom Night fucking ROCKS!!!!!
The organic movement is growing in Thailand thanks in large part to a group of Buddhist monks called #Asok or
its me!
"And I'll do anything you ever dreamed to be complete - Little pieces of the nothing that fall." ::goo goo dolls::slide::
R.I.P. Steve Jobs
I just saw a commercial where all the Regular Show characters were real people. Holy fucking shit.
Def just passed the car from Ghostbusters. Wonder where it was coming from?
we luved u on Broke Girls tonight! Flowers from dad..sniff sniff. xo
insurance nurse on call gave good instructions for a pressure bandage. working on.
hey did you see that chachi is in the Philippines with IaMmE??
I tried Kelly. It did not turn out well from our weather cameras.
man I aint heard from yo ass
Calling it a night, after a great #onceuponatime can't wait to figure out the other characters! :)
I went to the bank today and told them that instead of the 20k in student loan debt I owe them, they actually owe me 30K bc "its working"
I LOVE YOU
March 27, 1984: MD Legislature passes bill allowing Baltimore to take over ownership of the Colts from Robert Irsay.
Thanks for the RT! See you at the next game.
Thanks for the RT!
Not sure who is on the stage right now at but the bass is overwhelming their lyrics. No bueno
www.facebook.com/inaudikaband go like it and ill give you a new song.
RT : I count as a blessing when friends ask for help. I wish I am not too much a burden when I need it.
We are for Center for the Book meeting Please follow so we can report more than 100 followers
nice!!! Now share the wealth! lol
headed to nelson's for my last bit of ridin before the show in jax this weekend.
just realized that staying up tweeting = only hope of catching up to in #c4l12 tweetcount
oh your tellin me listen to em go
Sorry, to be considered a date I believe we have to keep it to two. Maybe next time.
just realized the nebraska game is Oktoberfest weekend... showing at your place?
Paul Revere was one of the first neighborhood watch members, he says.
RT : Spring Forward: Don't forget to set your clocks ahead one hour before going to bed on Saturday night.
No. You're a true woman. haha
thanks so much. Spread the word, and keep posted for shows and new releases soon!! :))
I'm not even a #Knicks fan but this #Knicks #Heat game is becoming BS!! These refs are sucking some DICK!!
yes we are ;)
ahh no worries.. there's always next time! it's the thought that counts ;)
Me me me :)RT : Guys who has got tickets to our 2013 US Arena tour already? It's going to be crazy!
Im not to sure, He will prob be out for a while but hopefully back for Over The Limit
idk why I find it flattering you rubbed my ears... come back to ny! best manchestaaaaaa accent :)
AH! We used to be wicked good friends in high school! That's so funny!
Rise Against? Yes. I'm an avid fan
Writing a resume is no easy feat. What resume mistakes do u see?
I love that your baby has a Twitter feed! :)
did you like my wonderful, embarrassing moment on the trolley this morning. In my defense I had 3 hours of sleep.
Morning fish crew setting up to the soundtrack of Wanda Jackson: "The Party Ain't Over."
April 14th ACT test takers, try my new ACT/SAT Mixtape Study guide! You can review for your big test while you ride, or in your headphones!
that's one of my favorite Grantland pieces. Big fan of
u need to check out this new guy Scotty mccreery or something like that. He is pretty good
okay!! I am sure of that. Um... yeah I'm kinda creeped out.
video - #WALKER TARGETS all #UNIONS for SECRET CRIPPLING ATTACK! Private Unions, Construction Unions, Labor Unions - ALL UNIONS...
to be more accurate, how to defeat the nature of the organization :0
Childhood memories of my sister singing Beastie Boys songs. RIP MCA .
Every time it rains there are multiple accidents becuz NASHVILLE DON'T KNOW HOW TO DRIVE
excellent inspiration!
A great thanks to everyone who stopped Long Beach. Next stop San Diego!
Seriously sick of cuts, burns and bruises.
jk that sounds painful
That hashtag could not be more accurate. Love you
Watching Nicki perform on Ellen. #Amazing #Starships!
what up
thanks, one of our favorites!!
Tonight we look forward to The Social - last one before the new version of #TheSocial begins next month (stay tuned)...
Free yourr mind
My line is weak, but otherwise I think I can make my offense go. My DL & LBs are pretty weak sauce.
The fact that my parents only have a few baby pictures of me, but a whole album for my brothers, is the reason why i think I'm adopted.
should have never passed him the ball
Girlfriend, I won't even vote unless I get the sticker. My cat has to have something to wear. ;-)
ohh your welcome!<U+2665>
WHY CAN'T WE TWEET THE SAME THING MORE THAN ONCE??? I FEEL THE SAME WAY ALOT OF TIMES... WTF??? ;-0
Cliff: Hey Brennan...do you believe in Jesus?
cool thanks man, i just got that in the mail!!!!
I'm with ya.. Doing the same thing in a major way
#stuffabus is rocking and I am rocking out to #Adel come sing with me and Lori #ClintonTownship at niño Salvaggios on Hall Road
hit me on FB
Everybody is in the midst of spring fever! What has been your favorite color for the season so far?
In Eugene, Oregon Ducks hang on to beat USC 65-62. Excellent start to Pac-12 campaign, a 5-2 record so far
Makes it worth it.
Not sure about that use-case, but I'd love a haptic tatto that my phone can talk to. Actually, I'd love a haptic shirt. :)
RT : yea...and I'm well aware of what you're take away was. :) // do share :)
IM SOO EXCITED. to see you in 2 days. i love you. and all the songs that you sing. woo. !
Hope everyone on Isla Mujeres is ok.
can't wait 2 hear abt your trip 4 next week! Thank you for walking the walk as you talk the talk!
things are going great man. thanks for your prayers last week. hope you are well!!!
Good grief, Conley.
I'm on it
What panels did you see today? What are you going to tomorrow?
RT : "It takes a thousand voices to tell a single story" -local projects at
Got new music that I will share with you soon! Feeling good about it.... hug for you!!
Celtics have 33 wins, 19 came in games where played more than 12 minutes. They are 9-1 in games where he plays 20 or more.
ever take the NIH "portion distortion" quiz? Google it!
true. Gotta love lil kids but they do get annoying lol
Elder Willie Jones is in the house! Tune in to Praise and Worship with Power on 88.7 WLUW and begin this St. Patrick's day strong!
Patiently waiting for advanced tickets for Breaking Dawn to go on sale :) anyone know when that might happen???
Talked with We will try to tune in for #UCFJackieb and would like to co-author something on Twitter.
I made burritos last night, first time! From scratch. Without a recipe. And it was GOOD!!! I almost feel like starting foodie blog.. Almost.
Horizon export files, you are the poop icing on the poop cupcake that was my day. if I could stab our ILS right now I would so do it.
I'm attempting to engage in productive conversation. Don't blame me if you aren't persuasive.
“: I think it's been the best xmen movie so far.” - we saw it today and I loved it. I hope they make more.
The Mavs can finally get the respect they deserve!!! Complete dismantling of the Lakers. And the look on Kobe's face... Priceless!!!
password on your phone? def watches porn
Make a stink to the salesman = get money off. I like it
We at the Lunar Antics are not happy with #Newt 's Lunar Colony.The last thing we need is u Earthlings traipsing moon dust in our dwellings!
Wow, incredible. Come run into me in Minneapolis sometime, y'hear?
Excited to have Cristina Pattuelli to talk about #lodlam and her Linked Jazz project!
ladies and gentalmen .. mr. conway twitty !
Welcome to the Twitterverse - looking forward to your updates!
OH: write well you do. Great promise you have.
Facebook just announced that they're buying Instagram for a billion dollars.
why have you withheld this information from me.
I sure do love me some Art Deco!!!
Great meal at Woodberry Kitchen. Felt a teeny bit like season one of Portlandia. But the food was damn good.
bout to go to #bed . night twitterers.
HAHAH !! you are too sweet. xD
I'm playing in the Atlanta Tennis city finals at Dekalb Tennis Center, %pm sharp...thats at 5pm...Blessed G.
New tech video for RMA coming soon!
ok check your inbox in a few!
Not at all, Quite interesting lol
no no ! Lol
5/22 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Mike Vecchione
Man, they weren't kidding when they said The Avengers was awesome. Who wants to go see it again?
weather report for CG v Park Tudor: slight chance of rain with a 100% chance of a banana
JFK was a 99%er obviously: "If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich." - John F. Kennedy
We have a Python class starting on 30 mins at
I'll be at one of them if I'm still standing.
PPC Tip! Analyze retargeting campaign auto placements. See if you can spot a trend for your target demo and create new managed placements!
new Verizon campaign: "America's Most Reliable Network*" (*except LTE, that thing is shaky)
I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence
im liking freddie jacobson's chances this week...
The only souls you like to touch are those of strippers
so true too bad my girl doesn't understand that
McDonald's breakfast sandwiches!
I feel like doing something unspeakably stupid.
s/o to my new follower !!!!
Up early on set I feel great. Time to change the game.
Hi new friends!
Hey peeps check out http:/groundedtimothy.blogspot.com Its directed to the business minded folks. Have a great day
Lots of stuff brewing at VMM including a benefit concert for a family in our community/church! Busy few months ahead :)
Just two wheels and me, the wind in my eyes....RIP Adam Yauch
no doubt I forgot about this twitter page I mainly use my new one. I show love! Will do wrking on my mixtape now!
A huge thanks to all of you that helped HOM crack into the top 500 in the Global Metal Charts this week. We couldn't do this without you!
In Music Meeting- Mumiy Troll “Polar Bear” just plain weird
Superbowl franchises aren't built in Free Agency, they're built in the draft- unless of course you sign Mario Williams!!!
Eeewwww tomorrow I start skool ugh I hate it
wow beautiful :)
you can think of somdinnnn :(
I don't get it... what's so wrong w/ that Glee photo shoot? The actors are adults, they can do whatever they want! Who agrees? Follow me!!!!
I'm glad you're finally coming to terms with your undying love for me.
lol idc i bet i wont get sick though
fuck is that
Yea buddy you see my boy
I think they'll break up again.
it is beyond beautiful! my mommy's gonna love it! Its masterful. Thank you so much
you are reporting the Gus Johnson news about 9 hours after everyone else.
Lovin' "the Office" right about now...
WHAT! Ah!
The last.fm app inside Spotify sort of does that, but not to the level you're likely looking for.
Come out to Santa Teresa Kaiser Farmers Market today and get your #AHI Poke bowls!!! We got the #salmon to get you going today! Yum!
: Mumford please. I don't want to listen to Kate Perry again. I mean Adele.
i'm in plato's closet and they already skrillex and kelly clarkson and david guetta i'm gonna kms
gotta love the Windians#! Hope 4thst is jumpin! Go Tribe!
my fingers and toes are numb
And who TF is lightin fireworks!
Oh gosh, don't be. Thanks for following back!
Just like to thank for their awesome mileage plan. Thanks your airmiles, I'm going on a work retreat in a few days! Can't wait!
Sounds like you have an idea for a reality dating show.
Received great email from Indiana Supreme Court on attorney Jessie Levy who defended by black sheep cousin. Happy dance!
i know why, low man on totem pole. I do have a solid opening gambit ready if asked.
Have fun on the cruise
#IfGiaWasMyWife She could get it al day everyday .
"this is a HORRIBLE neighborhood, there are youths everywhere"
Everytime i hear somebody i use to know by gotye i feel like crying.
A storm in daylight touches heaven. A storm at night is already there.
Ok yeah tomorrow is Denver!!! Super super excited!!! But ahh still have to pack and get everything ready :/
dope stuff boss!!!
I have that same issue after almost 20, but it's 40 pounds. 10 for every 5 years.
How to turn digital activism into real time action? #tweetact slacktivism or activism?
lost their mind
depressed enough to listen to coldplay dot com
Independent, Precinct & other restaurants help Union Sq Somerville offer great amenities for new mix of residents.
Thanks for the FF mentions. I appreciate your help! Our latest article on the West Coast Posttrauma Retreat may interest you!
Come on Royals! Stop running into outs!
CoreLogic Signs Five-Year, Multi-Million Dollar Contract Selecting Procurian to Optimize Spending Across the ...
I used to give a fuck but now it's a different story.
Spread the word on honcho brothers. And all of our honchoisims.
we like your style...
you a great person...will you be my sister
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Like Neighbors Ask where r u going 2Day. I ignore that question I dont want them 2 know im Gone.
Why is it that U NEVER remember Riunite Lambrusco gives U the worlds worst hangover until the 2nd glass?
So...who's going to win this American football game today? I admit I don't know who's playing. Not the Bears, that's all I know :0)
i don't use twitter all that much... unless there's something interesting going on in my life... which isn't the case right now
uh speak for yourself. If and I have to be out here, it's nice to have some company (ahem )
lol that is an option
I sure hope so didn't get to spend enough time with ya. We will take you out to dinner....
Cats don't need any excuses...
congrats boy!
It's a unionized company.
Lawd I done fell out on the floor!!!! #Scandal was off da hook!!!! (stands up and claps, in my living room)
Wow, you don't know what you're talking about in any of the past ten or so tweets you sent out. Unfollow, baby. Yeah ah.
Never heard of it! RT : thinking DiOrio's in St. Matthews. I like that place.
I need a male rock singer for a hook of a song, know anyone?
**URGENT Senior Character Artists** A Studio- Europe
is that with tax and shipping?
sounds like a good story, but it's more like an average, overly-boring story :)
Me &.#C.R.S need to get it together !
Lol MUNI ahead of us derailed.
MorningStar savings — highly popular coupon! | Mommy Coupon ...
also for the drama. it sounds so ridiculously entertaining! (or entertainingly ridiculous?)
Who loves Sex Robots?
i didn't get any texts from you O.o text me &' i'll text back (:
Sonny Skyhawk asks why are the first people on this land the last at the entertainment table?
are you going to WOD tour in Brooklyn?
#Caps Vokoun says they were a better team then the
Awh, was it cute?
Now i gona make a puffpuffsmoke see u later freinds !! ;
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 33
...and I had to get a new iPad2, one that doesn't have hardware issues - cool, let's see where this one gets me :)
So frustrated right now. Really need to blow off some steam :[
Yes sir! All big programs including Gustavo Arellano and Lalo Alcaraz. Hopefully viewers will participate. :-)
idk maybe as much as u no me
"beat of life" by Anything Box - nice dancy song
Nordstrom!! It's a Classiques jacket, love their style :)
I swear a lot. Just accept it as a part of my colorful personality
haha yeah just downloaded so I'm trying to figure out these challenges :)
coachtuk how the hell do I have three brackets???
Excited to visit with this week in LA. No one does #OFATraining like they do.
phone with my sister
FOLLOW ME ZAYN:D please ily:)x
Wikipedia says township and borough are each about 15k, which isn't much larger than Butler. Interesting!
Thanks for coming out to the DCT last night for a wonderful night of improv!
stayed at home relaxed n did some laundry :-)
Yes, 2013, without a doubt! RT: have fun at #DBC2012! Wish I could be there. Maybe next year...”
color me red! Didn't know that lol. Well I'm glad someone is making money off that idea :)
do it! Come on down tomorrow midnight
!_.!-. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Justin Bieber is just awful, awful, awful.
WE AGREE! This GREEN cleaner is loving the Texas GREEN! Please please please last us through summer!
Where did the weekend go?...
Monday starts our big fund raiser for CancerCare for Kids "Cupcakes for a Cause". Stop in for yummy cupcakes for home, school, office
nah that was a week ago lol but Dark Shadows comes out! :D
well, now that I have reached my limit of articles I have no idea what is going on. Did Korea launch a new ebook pricing scheme?
hey every1 pls follow my new account this account is not working the right way
Paul Tillich~ The courage to be is the courage to accept oneself in spite of being unacceptable.
Yes! Simply Ming on MPTV!! Today: fish sauce
They may as well ask for cell phone transcripts and texts too. While they are at it, place bugs in my house and car. Crazy!
Is it the weekend yet?
should get to bed because she worked very hard today! :)<3
I hate the Flyers i swear next time they play the pens at home next season im making a hate sign
Well, Kaylie, and I will not be getting back together. I guess sometimes things aren't meant to be.
thanks! I'm really excited and happy to be a part of the team.
Too short of a visit to SF.......highly productive, but no time for dim sum.......
Stay close and never leave me , <U+2665>
I know we need to get a good bond session in with u and Jenny
What a great day outside! Come on down to Bath and Body Bistro. We're having a sale on our Valentine gifts! 30% off!
you and I should go bowling ;)
Ok people Who Getting MVP leBron or Kevin Durant..please Comment
Rejoice! In the Lord always and again I say rejoice!!!
If FTP comes back with different owner, Stars loses business to an actual competitor. Right now there is no real competition.
who doesn't though
Men have become the tools of their tools.
LIVE now on Rachel Maddow: Interview with Anthony Weiner. This should be good.
Thanks love :)
What helps you focus?
much obliged. Thanks for watching.
Success does not consist in never making blunders, but in never making the same one a second time.Josh Billings
WTH!!! That Avi looks about as close to perfect as it gets!! I don't see no 15-20lbs that need to go!
Why did just say the winner of UNC vs Duke could be competing for an overall #1 seed in the NCAA tourney? I can't see that
Looks like Jason is , Steven. Hope you're cool with me bandying your twitter name about, Jason...
lmfao, LOOK IT'S RAINING DICKS!
Being on top of shit sucks. I'm bored.
sweetie pie!
I have 2 accts. Login goes to newer 1. How to log in to older 1?
Haha ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN. Lmao
Beautiful day at the lake! Sunny and 70's! Birds are singing, and no better day to be on the water boating!
I know, right?? So excited for the movie!
It's our own software that is pretty cool, so I actually really enjoy it. :-)
This Hurricane Irene shit is crazy I just hope that it don't hit Upstate. Shit oh well I'm smokin till it does.
Tma PAnel: banks don't lead the markets they follow them
Fruit roll ups >>>>
YOU DO KNOW ITS A SCHOOL NIGHT YOUNG ONE I WOULD COME IF MR PETSKO MADE HIS HOMEWORK POSSIBLE.
i want a follow... lol :D
all I'm saying y'all both slow, in a good way
Ah, never mind, I just became aware of the genius of that hashtag, and thus, your tweet.
Deep day! lectures ranged from doc genres in upper level SOC for students producing int'l crisis docs to media management in visual anthro
oh hahaha my theory is that and mr. Potter have a little romance going on
Only problem wirh : never have enough room in the belly to eat everything I'd like. Will try again soon.
Still wondering why I wasn't drafted last night. Mr. Goodell must have made a mistake with the names. I'll have to give him a call
MENTIONS ARE DEAD! ):
Registration success.
right about now I"m not ready to call it a night, It's Saturday night Live
Ever since I have got home all I have done is played Draw Something.
announces renewal funding for homeless services. 2012 will be a busy year!
Is it too early to start packing?
Good Morning :)
On the bus...
Crazy how people would think im dead if im not posting things -___- as if they didnt have my number
i will be your woman lol, i will be all alone on V-day :(
Nice guys finish last! And we also get kicked to the curb!!!
And 0 Protestants on SCOTUS. Common cause, perhaps?
You too!
Does eating a sandwich from #SUBWAY while listening to classical music count as fine dining?
check my instagram (sstevenson503) for my "on my face" posts of the day. Each day you can see what im wearing on my face!
Let the bodies hit the floor.... For sleep.
Oooohhhhhhhhh Gino! Let me get a root beer and soda! CHYEAH
In #Decatur? PDF Research Advocate Brenda Greene arranged for #Parkinson's resources to be at today's senior health fair
Show off your singing abilities tonight! Karaoke begins at 10.
#GivesMeWings because I'm his Angel. <33333
Well, your avatar *is* a flying saucer, so they can't exactly say they weren't warned.
RT Loki is my new favorite villain. I'd like to see him and Magneto face off by reading Milton or something.
In honor of the lives lost on 9/11 try to remember the love you felt for ALL fellow Americans during that dark time and act accordingly!
Great info from Audience Audit. Thanks for making research fun!
What I really meant to say is I'm sorry for the way I am, I never meant to be so cold, never meant to be so cold.
Russian spy Anna Chapman to reveal 'all secrets' www.tncnews.com
RT : Anyone involved in my current Twiiter battle, I owe you a drink ! >>>It's my honor to be involved. Be well, Toldjah.
It's been 7 years since the #Os have been six games over .500
perfect opportunity to go 90
wow why did i stop listening to blink for like a month what was my problem wow i've missed them bbys
March is Eye Health Month. Take a break from your computer and come in for a snack to give those eyes a rest.
has to be my favorite "new" comedian. Hilarious.
Hovel sweet hovel
IM LISTENING 2 DUDE LOOKS LIKE A LADY! YAY! :)
hehe. Mine have been spared that- headphones. But the evil part of me is now considering switching to see what they do...
Saw that freshbooks link yesterday. Didn't have time to investigate it. Looks like it will be cool!
#ndpl I am thinking about the same things! Users! I also want to see that they are involved up front in design planning.
Here we go again! Be the 8th caller right now at 222-9800 to win a pair of tickets for B.O.B at RIT on April 28th!! HURRY!!!
if i see you ima yell your name
RT if you think that with Peyton Manning at the helm, you think we've got a shot at winning it all now!
You're in Newhall, eh? My hometown..went to high school there. :) Wish I could help. Good luck!
A woman at the Comm Garden still refers to me as "Dino"
Wish we would post against that little guard.
got dat triangle on my ring finger
Roxy want to be puerto rican so bad right
Oscar night - roll out the red carpet this Sun - special room rate @ $129, special cocktails. SWEET TWEET DEAL
Rest In Peace:
My man is by far the most thoughtful person I know. I love him so much I can't even express it! Thank you baby!!!
Dirty girl! “: HAHAHA I know. He sounded so proper when he said it and I had the mind of a 13 yr old boy for a moment.”
you get an A for the way you look.
The more the merrier!
Go to 's page now and enter their contest for an awesome tee. Make it quick, they pick a winner before the B's game tonight
has a new PROMO! for San Diego Explained Wed @ 6pm. Check it out! Love the time lapse shots
": Derby week sinus infection, gotta love it.Guess ill just drink enough alcohol to kill it off" or puke it out
So alot of MMO Titles, I wasnt a big fan of the last FF so im sitting this one out
The dedicated crew continues #womensmural production in the rain
Lovely! Humphrey sprayed by skunk. Happy saturday :/
and btw...happy belated birthday girl!!
I broke my friend's bra at the bar...I don't know how or why that happened
way too pretty, it's almost upsetting haha
FIVE has multiple Meditech projects throughout the U.S. Contact to discuss these opportunities.
I've heard the #ipad #display is not as viewable in direct sunlight, but what about in a car, shielded from direct sunlight?
You already drive a mini van in the suburbs. Do you really need the giant soccer ball sticker on the back?
#wouldyou treat me like I'm a delicate rose in your hands?
What is up with your JJAMZ project? I look forward to hearing more of it!
Hattrick's in Tampa tonight is like being back in The 717 with the even split between Philly and Pittsburgh fans.
Do you think Braun's big game last night (3 HR's, triple, 6 RBI) was a harbinger of big things to come for #Brewers or was it just a fluke?
no I'm just really really missing the msu digital collections! :-)
Craig Owens is back in Chiodos..!
I hear a storm a brewin' in the distance.
Sophia Grace and Rosie were super cute yesterday! PINK!
Sunday is always a movie day
Men's basketball: Hardwick signing could open recruiting door to Houston - Denton Record Chronicle
OUT ____________ING A GIANT ____________...fill in the blanks this could get interesting
Thank you for trying Yes! To Cookies and we're thrilled that your kids liked them so much! Happy snacking!
Just emailed you back in regards to a perk for for the new album
As you wish! PS. I'm sitting between and ^-^
Another glorious day at knightland lol
Cool! I will check out too. How do you like the service?
Hey! Where is everybody? Lingerie Basketball at LAAC about to begin. Lots of purple rubber.Ulaby v. Westwood. 6th floor
You making me look stupid right now . .
Bing's new search is sketchy and slow. Bing should just be inside Facebook!
RT : U are doing great work & I like that you are making changes to meet the community needs. $$ will follow
theres just somethings you cant translate
This is the first time in 10 years that I can actually name more than 5 players on the
Have any tips for a printing salesman to start selling die cutting work?
Jay got u fired?
He mad Bc I said I said he not the other guy hes thee guy lol #shorttemper ? Cthu
Just got my first ever set of cufflinks in the mail today...feeling like a little kid on Christmas morning!
No. Set and forget might as well be set and get hacked.
Yeah whateva <U+270B> nobody cares about YOU! Mwahaha
its your dreams, your choice, your time, your life.
About to hit some rooftops in the D for some evening shooting.
get it together!
i missed your smile
#MadCow news coverage = stock footage of cattle enjoying their day and then stock footage of overweight people eating hamburgers
seein if Lauryn Hill still got that mis guided ed flow with . Hope she sangs the blues
I'm thinking on whether the Snoqualmie river flood the valley this year or not
Oh really lol! you know Nicks kinda selfish lol. What can u do. I need a manager whatup”<~Wai t til she meets me
Boy: We should give nicknames for each other! Girl: Sure, what's mine? Boy: How about girlfriend?
RT : Marketing to kids? Remember - children think they're 5 years older than they actually are.
is looking for Android Developers for an international company in Silicon Valley.
thanks for sharing! :) RT : I always tweet the cab I am in, and this was a great ride
because you write & podcast. Also want you to check something out.
maybe we should ask Dubai World to build one? ::rolls eyes::
I'll be there for clean up in a few
a gayblade is a hockey skate blade that's gay
congrats on video of the year loves
I was a mess when she was on bathroom floor tile with her mom. Ouch.
I barely use it. I should delete it actually lol
Hey girl. I could Big Mac on you all night long.
Thanks for the great content in your article, The Tim Ferriss Effect!
Freddy Adu gets his first goal on the senior National team, USA winning 2-0 against Guatemala
what, i like this song...
Emgr: I'd rather be caught holding up a bank than stealing so much as a two-word phrase from another writer. ~Jack Smith #quotes"
sounds good duderino!! How's the pole dancing going tonight?
Go Brewers! Good luck today at home opener!
Finally updated our FB page to the new timeline - check it out and give us a "like" or leave a comment!
Alot of Potty mouths on MTV Movie Awards tonight!!
progress comes with costs, or something. :) thanks!
RT : "Keep It Real" "Take a penny, leave a penny" "War is over (if you want it)" "Islam=OK" "Who would Jesus sue?"
I need to start using Twitter more. PS You ARE coming out again :)
Miami...Indy South...im kinda feeling that although giving up the barn for RGIII best move for long term
#Caps you must score on the PP to win the cup
Oh come on, Kris.
Just had a thought-- maybe those girlson 16 and Pregnant shouldmt be getting pregnant-- is this the Fault of snooki--
Now that Christmas is over I must know.. Did Santa bring your dream shoes to you?
was Adam Sandler's "Lunchlady Land" playing in background?
Thanks for visiting class today. Sometimes it's really nice to have someone other than lecturing! ;)
However you like. But we say Wizzy.
Once lived next to a child trumpeter who only played Superman theme. His mom kicked him outdoors, right next to our window!
For those wondering, the March Special Edition Brownie Flavor is macadamia nut, white chocolate, & caramel, aka The Lethea.
Where's the final boss??? MT : we all softened on the ending after talking it out like an after school special.
Live as if you would die tomorrow. Learn as if you would live forever.
Thank you for delivering our add'l recycling cart yesterday, very fast turnaround time!
Angela Davis writes about that in Prison Abolition. The answer is real rehabilitation, not just incarceration
Herman Cain has been accused of sexually harassing 2 females. In his defense, he really didn't know who ordered the extra large sausage.
This headset is freaking sweet.
making appetizers for a party I'm going to later.
Also they know I can do it faster than them because I know a lot of places to look. And a lot of them are online, but they...
that sounds lovely (:
Why do Athletes Dance Better Than You? WWW.ussportspages.com
Got some music nationally synd. on a major celebs Radio show.....come on now ascap......come on now.......smile....Thank You God....!
Happy birthday to the beautiful Ms. ! Love you boo.
Bracelets, post earrings, dangle earrings, bobby pins & ponytails holders made today. Still at it! I want to have glass ready for kiln Fri.
At what point do you say life is too short and stop sacrificing your dreams and wants out of life?.
bring some to the ESCC meeting on Friday. We will be glad to help out. Hope mine come soon.
Thank you to Incredible Southern Poundcakes for your support Wednesday night at the pre-CSA party at the Glavine's home....
is at the game today, thanks to
I cried my eyes out today, all my friends are officially out of HS. #iloveyou !!!!! :(
YUP. He's completely shameless
I watched 976-evil for the first time the other night. One of those that slipped through the cracks. Not great, but entertaining - yes!
First encounter with Google+ felt a bit awkward. "follow" or "acquaintance" choices are a little confusing. twitter meets facebook?
man i hate u, u played w/ my emotions& i thought u loved me the way u gave me hugs then u left alone stranded& i still love you so much
I wonder how this boy will ever survive without me?! Hmm... #smfh pity
Architectural city spaces have infrastructural histories layered in time -- stratified -- and yet are not ossified nor just a palimpsest.
Please follow me?!(: I love you<333
A mix of MLA/AWP/ELIT cards & work cards for me. I get a ton of cards at academic conferences.
lol , is you staring ?
Seems to me, filter post per social network=best practice -'Why Instagram Is Terrible for Photog..Why You Should Use It'...
I must've been across the street when you took that photo. Also: happy birthday!
they probably are. :/
No other NSP inventory in Rio Rancho with my client, Yes Housing, at the moment. Check Omni - they may!
So true, this would be a good quote :)
Casually retrieving 's lost items from last night all over campus
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do, but on a more positive note, eight has two different holes. Just keep that in mind.
I like your assignment. I'm doing it myself. It's admittedly tough, but mentally/emotionally cleansing.
doper than dope
Headed behind-the-scenes at the #NFLDraft, NFL HQ's & with the #XFINITY Sports Guy this week. Be sure to follow !
When are you making your return? You're the best broski.
Worked out my arms by themselves the other day for the first time in a while and now I can't straighten them
hey Annie call me later and let's talk
School is taking all my time :'( ! Can't believe it's the weekend <3.
I'm noticing a distinct overuse of the word "era." We are in the "Overusing 'Era' Era."
sometimes it feels like we're all teenagers again & we think we know everything. when did that happen? I surely don't & don't want to.
covering school funding march en route to #pdx Pioneer Square. I've got you covered once it arrives - 4/5/6
Not being in Ms.Reeds hell hole on a Monday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> >>
These couples in memorial piss me off.
please post them so i can hear!
Sometimes dreams just devastate, they don't come true unfortunately.
you blew my mind with this one. Thank you. <3
Only One Table Available at 9pm for Valentine's Day. Call us at 7732767110 to reserve the final table.
You slept with one of my heroes, said that you might love her after all.
uhh sorry mom. showers are too mainstream for me.
"Have u lost your mind" "cause I can help you find it"
it does make me feel special but what are you smiling?
Now following: ! What's good?
You are only as good as those with which you choose to surround yourself. There are many to thank.
Give us a minute to explore- got to be something hiding w/the skeletons... maybe not exactly what phillydotcom needs but...
Mar 19,1942: Harvey diary: "When Defence Committee meets, it's endless talk from PM."
They'll hate you if you're pretty & they'll hate you if you're not. They'll hate you for what you lack & they'll hate you for what you got.
Telehealth has been booming this year, makes us excited for #ATA2012! Let's talk about telehealth at booth 1027!
Austin needs to travel to the whole world and meet every single Mahomie (; RT if you agree~
Yo chick she so thirsty!
Would go to hacks/hackers tonight, If I didn't have lilac bushes to chainsaw and css codes to write.
happy graduation, Adam! Don't trip on stage!
haha okay I just ordered it :b
what do you mean? Haha :P
love that record.
There's an Ice Bar at the Mandalay Bay too lol.
UFC Fight Night live Tonight Nate Diaz is goin to tear it up
Hey buddy! No the Amendment 1 got passed here in the NC. Other than that I'm good. How's the set?
Tip of the day...take that old blazer and make it new by adding new bright colored lining to the inside of the sleeves...then roll them up!
RT See some potential for to be working withe COAR. Http://coar-repositories.org/ Thoughts?
Yes, you can now tag people in comments on
I still got a hangover
Does anyone think we'll see an uptick in demand 4 remote testing centers w/so much online coursework being offered?
Us too for the OSCI project, but smaller scale.
God has brought me growth as a person. My patience has expanded way past where I was even a year ago.
After all we've been through with loyalty/players he is willing to do anything to stay with us. I will effing LOSE IT.
Or maybe an early Arbor Day gift... That would be tree-mendous!
I've missed you!
looks like fun! But that's far from me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
This ain't a dream anymore, its a REALITY!!!
God I'm such a light weight these days
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it
#Opencart #template #designer? Submit your theme to Superhug. Get 75% commission! That's industry-leading.
Fuck you and
": I would back-hand the f*ck out of a 85 year old white women for a large sweet tea right now!"<-damn Somebody get her some tea!!
smh. Such a child.
If I heard that right, will be today at 3pm. Go on, ease your trafficked mind.
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6> bark bark
She clearly said "I could have went off on her" shid I don't see the big issue. Shit she should have went off on her ass.
I know I like the beat too the song too!!!!:)
Operation: Kill The Bitch.
for riley
Cold and a little snow on the ground in Lexington KY. What's the weather like where you are?
I want to be a sardine and change the current. Anyone else feeling the need to swim against the rest of the school?
Oh, excuse me, Mr. Swagger, Either walk a little faster or buy a belt. Thanks, homie!
Saturday morning funnies. Listen at www.freekshowradio.com
Love the Bull Durham reference in the McDonalds ads behind home at AT&T Park
Wolf's FIP is about a point lower than Suppan's was in 2010, at least coming into tonight.
52.6 seconds to go and the #Avalanche are down 1... It's go time!!!
acting thirsty is not cute at all !
Graphic novels have really caught my attention in the S. Studies but with Common Core's non-fiction push 'round here...
Crowdsourcing a memory lapse: what was the pre-collab course management system at UVA called?
Cash out Friday . ")
Shout out to
My mood: see 's "Samba Tranquille" b/c I'll be attending the annual gala this wk #YASS!!
if you made up #nerlanta you are the man! I will be using that! and crediting you!
She asked me why it was so hot in my Apt!? I said, cause it makes my body parts longer!
Ima also have Max B perform at my wedding thru a cellphone on speaker fuck with me
Do I get to be your first follower?
Don't like being told what to do. #sorry :/
Thanks! "As a client, I couldn't ask for a better, harder more beneficial and fun workout. Todd is a very intuitive & experienced trainer."
I'm cool I guess...HBU? I heard that helping Santa was a rough job. lmao
We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to Ryann, Rachael, and everyone on our team that gave 250% over the past 20 days or so. Thank you all!
where are you!?! I gotta deal for you!
Not just the Grammys. But Valentine's Day too.
great mike
you will find out soon enough!! =]
Can't believe the #NCSC is this weekend! Good luck to all the competitors and come visit
Talk Stupid, off wit yah head
what movie?
LOL gotcha “: Kristin, Working from bed is good work if you can get it! G. Morn.”
anyone know of any parties\events on new years in LA? This is my first new years in LA and i want to party!!! :)
Sexual frustration.
were u been cuzzo
These guys are going to be sore tomorrow! Lot of solid hitting going on out there. Seidenberg terrific hit on Ovechkin. Go #Bruins!!
Gen. Montgomery was killed instantly after taking a grape shot fired from a cannon to the face.
It's almost December and 78 degrees outside... LOVE IT!!
im tired when i go to school
My five year old is demonstrating his stick breaking prowess.
Dear President Obama: WE NEED HELP WITH THE GAS PRICES AT HOME. Ya know...to live. and do anything. Please help?
Planning a trip to Washington the week of Oct. 10. Any WAOL friends want to meet and talk ANGEL? I'd love to see your campus!
i'm an affable kind of a slob!
HERES TO ALL Seeing a spider is nothing. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
welcome to The BIG 98!!!
RT : RT : RT : “The afternoon knows what the morning never suspected.” ~ Robert Frost
5am call time...
Teachers I want to thank from Murch Elementary: Mr. Welch, Mrs. Simpson, Ms. Von Abele, Ms. Levy, Mrs. Smith, Coach Johnson
Rt ": When people say their a "Thug" on twitter i sit here and laugh."them internet thugs...
I pray for time travel...
"Love one another with brotherly affection. Outdo one another with showing honor." Romans 12:10
Congrats on passing comps and best of luck with your thesis. My tip: one page of something every day and it gets done.
As we head into Prom season, check out this inspiring story.... Invite to prom for Frenchtown sophomore with #autism leads to Prince...
You can get KFC gravy?:L x
Hello Jody-Ann. Trust its Kool in your world. Are you aware of anyone winning the Andrene Bonner Drama Award at Merl Grove?
No church in the wild
Bored in class
Music makes the world go around!
#OWS - It's obvious that GOP congressman are wealthy. Do people realize Democrat Congressmen are also a part of the 1% ?
Oh nd HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FUTURE HUSBAND ADOLFO ;D<3 I miss him a lot :(
In March, TPS submitted an article for a food safety training company about documentation and safety audits.
Tailgating in the Orange Lot at UK under the pirate flag.
Hahah my little brother just said "I really want to see the Vow" and then he goes "I love romances" Hahahahah uh
That's sweet!
RT : RT : U.S. Congressman Lloyd Doggett praises Latina leaders at TAMACC Women of Distinction Awards...
Any recommendations on the best Dim Sum in #Chinatown #SanFrancisco??
that's rite deny the truth you know we're the better team but it's cool feb. 8 will be here soon enough
Now that Jordan is gone, Indiana sucks.
mind if I use this on the air, over the intro of one of your songs?
I seriously just wanna sleep all day :p
the bat call worked! great success!
Ryan needs to find some way to earn petty cash in Mansfield and Grand Rapids. He'll wash your car or your dog or your porch. You name it.
working on new ideas with !!!
Thunder in 5
I have this strong desire to go to Arizona. Anybody ever been there before? What can you tell me?
3 words- we love you!
u there?
GoodMorning Afternoon, Evening Whatever it is Wherever u at Trey Love you.
Thanks for the suggestions. May try Flow in the morning--or just head over to the ever-reliable computers at the Tech Lab!
Im so tired I can barely function. Just thought Id share with you guys before I go take a nap X)
RIP, brand new food processor. Thanks for an agonizing hour of not letting me [try] to cook. Cheez-its for dinner it is.
Matinee performance for Youth [A Raisin In The Sun] w/ talk back
Just learned the #Knicks won't even consider pursuing Phil Jackson. I thought this was TITANICALLY dumb, and this sentence affirmed it...
I feel like my mother is here making me eat my oatmeal. never again will I go with maple and brown sugar. will stick to strawberries & cream
My grilled salmon mac n cheese was bannnnnnngin
Are there booty call commandments to follow? #bigchat We want to hear from you about what you think about this, call in @ 727-441-3000.
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. -John C. Maxwell
A&E... please stop showing Dog The Bounty Hunter commercials. In fact, cancel that show. Really, who's still watching that?
We tile showers and counter tops. How can we help you today?
Who is watching the #GoldenGlobes? What films are you rooting for?
Fucking pissed that's all I have to say
Baby Girl Baby Girl!! Got Me feeling Gd tho! Thass What I Needed!
haha. Well, we tried.
Can someone explain tweetcast to me plss?
Programme Finance Lead - Harvey Nash HNIT Job Search Details ...
i will spread the word about umma everywhere i go! :-)
Our preschool is Great with it but youth not so much. It's ok bc we are growing from it...
Anyone have advice on how to activate an account on mobile app? First impression:
SHE WAS A GINGER! A FAKE GINGER!!
thx! I have been meaning to call u :-) RT “: Congratulations!!!”
"Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some hire public relations officers." -Daniel J. Boorstin
The combined Cabin and Avengers hype is triggering a massive case of "I worshipped Joss Whedon before it was cool." I own this.
Whoever wrote CNN's chyron for Steve Jobs' death had me HOWLING today: "Heaven Gets an Upgrade".
I give up on school but there's 3 day & 4 day weekends coming up in a row
RT : Don't have your phone number as an image. It impedes click-to-call on mobile.
Hi Chris, wondering how I can submit a correction for this list, not sure if I e-mailed it correctly. Thank you!
I just made some awesome homemade chocolate chip cookies.
I love now, tommorow & today, And if God give me time… I will love you, till the end of my life. “HAPPY VALENTINE DAY”
Tonight's performance was absolutely AMAZING!!! WOW.
that's why u dot get tattoos where they show I got a bunch and u can't see any in shirtsleeves
im bout to take a picture of it dummy
I have a proaccount, added a new user & transfer owner ship of a twitter account to them, said they have to go pro?
Hey found your stuff in front of our shop, tweet us or call 414-967-7344
I thought you were into that kinda thing though
yeah I mix master and do a lil lil on some tracks :)
I knew biting my nails were a good thing after all
Look for our ad in the Eastside News today, courtesy of the Goodman Community Center!
that's the next chapter in the Time Out guide. but i don't think so.
that's what she said
Can The record labels be in the U.S.??
Not your bag baby? RT If just 25% of U.S. families used 10 fewer plastic bags a month save over 2.5 BILLION bags a year.
okay this is taking longer than i thought miss thangg
I FINALLY got to 1 million on Temple Run!
who knows
Want to help the economy? Start your own business, get off your lazy butt and get off of welfare!!
What Job Seekers Need to Know in Today’s Digital Market
Yeah #capitals! Nice win.
God it feels good to be a gangsta..
Filling out looks of applications this week. At school, home, phone, idgaf im on a mission
I am a proud Howard U. Bison after watching Afro Blue on the Sing Off. Go Bison!!
International Assembly today! Finally after it's been canceled 3 times! :D
Hi! We've got a new web series & want fun teens to help us cast our 3 lead roles. Love your help! www.whatevertheseries.com
What an event filled Saturday! How can I be 0 for 3? #Mini (not running), #KYDerby (not going), #CincoDeMayo (no plans)...
Last time Bucks mattered. A year later they signed Fatty Anthony Mason and it went down hill from there.
Florida teen struck first, shooter says
Yes Yes. I love you, little friend.
Rockin Magic show tonight at Jimmy Johnson's Big Chill in Key Largo. 7:45!
Thats phenomenal hope we can help
I'M GOIN' HARDER THAN A MIDGET JUMPIN' OVER ME.
off to an audition this morning, then to the Bay Area for the weekend! woo-hoo!
What Makes Leather Cases For Samsung Galaxy S So Special?
Two men accused of stealing scrap metal
sounds good to me bro.
Thanks for the shoutouts everyone! I'm 10 away from 100 followers! <3
the Inception score was okay but Kent bought me the Shutter Island soundtrack the other day - Amazing! Luv the movie too & Leo
Men here wear capris. Time to get back to nyc!
Why can't Florida ever be cold for more than a day? -__- I wanna go back to New York.
Stock market seems a little over-bought here.
New #bachmann memoir recalls 2 tough earlier runs, and rebound that followed: sty notes she could use it now. Link TK
don't forget rumham. that's an IASIP reference you should look into if you're not familiar.
I know I'm really stoked for it!
so sweet. Thank you!!!!
I hate when I am making milkshake and boys just show up in my yard!
If there's a zombie outbreak in Vegas, Does it stay in Vegas?
Apparently I can't get a quote on a BA flight for March 24, 2013 for another week or so. Rats.
So far so good :) You?
Happy #StPatricksDay everyone! Hope it brings luck to the #Brewers #Badgers and
#ideas2action knewton: it's not about access! It's about getting what you need, when you need it as a student.
I'm allergic to failure
It was awesome
I need to finish working on my damn market day project
First day of work :) hope this doesn't interfere with my love for
aww... would u have rlly taken some freak lke me?
Thanks for the retweet!
Got my mind on my $money$ and my $money$ on my mind $-P
Be careful, they are men of God
I met you in 02 at the Super Bowl rocknjock. You are an awesome person and will fight your way through this. Praying for you.
Then, my grandfather was a shell most of the time we visited with him... which is to be expected. *sighs* Then, Disneyland... Weird week.
I think i miqht qo too hell cause i lie soo much . :-\.
nothing Much And You?(:
Great session on photography for elearning
Man...cant ball till 2 tomorrow cus i gotta go work at the mosque.in the morn.
Cold and tired.. ugh
ill take it.. still sexy. :)
So excited!
As if you didn't know: life is s1ck!!!!
Hello! Lolita today!
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
"I believe that every right implies a responsibility; every opportunity, an obligation; every possession, a duty."
Happy Birthday to the Daily Grill in Santa Monica! Join us for Happy Hour from 4-7pm to celebrate seven years.
Wow, that was sweet of my boss. I accidentally loaded an unedited file of e-book records & she said "Aw, it's just spring fever."
Gracias for the support!!
I'v gotten to know all you by your @ names. Now have to learn all of your prof. names. If it showed both I wouldn't mind, but only shows 1
I know that we could make it right
we're all well! Hope all is well over there!
Been seeing them in my yard here in N. Central San Antonio. Glad to hear they are surviving trip thru Texas.
Amen for another day. Let's get it.
nothing really. So bored actually!
Blasting Kid Liberty on this road trip was the greatest idea I've ever had.
Maybe we'll catch an edge.....
“:squaring numbers are just likewomen If they're underthirteen just do them in your head.. #BoBurnham”
a) find a diff job. b) go to grad school. I understand that I have to take steps first, but I'm not trying to take steps...
Thats cool! just save that hundo for when I come back to Cali next weekend.
should use NY1 and NECN as models.
"Detroit is the cooler older brother that gets in trouble. Chicago is the younger brother that got a good job."
just a little.warmer than that here lol
Ditto! But won't make it there until July.
The #Patriots should go 14-2 or 13-3 with that schedule. Pumped for the #Jets game on Thanksgiving
RT : Happy happy. RT : apparently it is National SIblings Day sure!
If people would learn to say just these powerful words: "I'm sorry" and "Thank you" the world would be a better place!
want 2 know if finding an agent is right 4 you? or maybe u want tips on building a great character? post your top q's about acting here:
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." It's never too late to start a healthy routine!
Back at ya, Superstar!!
I-40, WB, at 98th back open. More road conditions on www.krqe.com.
I know others that use quick books as well. What do u think about it??
Goin' to PRINCE tonight! Woo Hoo!
spring cleaning. Spring Cleaning? Spring Muther#$%&ing Cleaning!!!!!!!!
downloaded bro it's awesome man
Yoga is coming up at 4:30! We have another Yoga class at 6:30, and Group Reformer at 5:30.
let Steve do a solo!!!
Thanks for the follow, Liz!
Just completed Week 2 - Day 3 (completed 0.77mi with run pace of 36:45 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
If any other manager would have played that line-up and left players like that on the bench they would have had their arse handed to em
What they should do is take this as a challenge & seek out a more diverse life then bring that richness to their work.
So it is *emphasizing* Julie. *Standing, pulling on my jeans* And just what are we going to do about that?
I think I knew that. Rock over London! He really whips the llama's ass!
here = the
I lived in NY
i hope soo :)
Just added two new Mustangs to our program/family & may I just add...BALLLLLLAASS!
photographed two architectural projects this week and am doing aerials tomorrow.
what's good My dude
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying people who tell you how to live your life, don't you have your own?
The studio is Mac Pro all the way baby! I even have protools now.
ABSOLUTELY!! RT : Gotta Love That Tuff Juice.!<3
ARE U F@?& KIDDING ME
baby stay in school..
+ are on tour right now. Please go check out their twitter/facebook & look at the dates!
May be going shopping at forever 21 tomorrow. Dresses and skirts here I come
hahaha sorry! It's actually kind of on the down low... Well it's kinda a long story! Haha x
"Bill Gates is a very rich man today... and do you want to know why? The answer is one word: versions. "-Dave Barry
I'll try my best to be there... (winky face)
Just left the "No Damsels In Destress Here" panel, asked her question. Clip coming soon. Now History of the Modern Zombie.
We watched the whole thing. I'm not too proud of that...
ok I'm waiting in ya got some people that waiting to hear it feel me....
I am NOT going to stop tweeting and posting about this, naming their names, Mya Hatchette lawyer in Orlando who Autism bullied me
Do you miss Austin already??
#ineedtostop going to Blockbuster
ah tuesday
k I will =P do u guys have summer break?
The U.S. flag flying at Camden Yards has considerably fewer than 50 stars and more than 13 stripes. That's just shameful, really.
Did you see the #DunkinDonuts cake on TodayShow? Also delivered one in Dallas to CH. 5 NBC-
r u coming for kawkaw?
Why everybody hmu on the same shit
Spread the word! We're going to be using #ukrops10k on all Monument Ave. 10k related tweets! (via )
Do you even go to this school, no i just have alot of feelings
Watch Competitive banter on the show of competitive bantering w/ professional competitive banterer on 5pmEST
Sparkle like the gem you are
#fridaythe13th my little brother have Happy B-Day :)
Long day ! Boutta go sleep Goodnightt
Just ran into Mayor Parker at baggage claim in PHL. Small world.
Sugar River boys 3,200 relay team of Ryan McCoy, Alexander Yeiser, Wesley Morgan and Riley Miller (8:14.58) set a Deerfield Classic record
Nfl redzone--only way to watch pro football. Go get it.
I love austin! If you can prove you love here, you get free drinks.
Hells yes! Orlando won!
Guys, that gizmodo article is priceless.
“: Not fair I'm jewish..RT : ...he's still faster than Ken Weinman. :)” And a ginger!!!
literally used a skill I learned from in a presentation today in class. Space work saved me from unnecessary work:)
Masters of Horror. Good choice.
and like when you get excited, it always leads to a letdown experience.
After watching the series on the , I made sure to thank each one I came across for their service. Impressive group.
At my favorite place ...nail salon
ha yeah but you never came thru!
Going to the gym and pretending to work out is what I do best.
Hello everyone how is the holiday going
@ dukeanddjango you have stumped me
Would it be possible to get an interview? ^.^
There's a Kawasaki with my name on it at the auctions
I turn 22 in 9days! I'm making my Birthday Wish now! Hm what do I want?
You’re become as big of a procrastinator as
I wish I could make my thanksgiving table big enough for all my friends and family.
so there is....is that about the body? xP Cause I want to take that instead of physics.
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: having intercourse with someone and horrifyingly realize that inches from you is a butt full of poo.
he said closest w/o going over...so I just went with a number higher than the other ones I sawi
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "A RELATIONSHIP with NO TRUST is like a CAR with NO GASOLINE. You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere."
These judges know absolutely nothing about music. Jessica needs to leave ASAP
Always & forever. :)
I'm definitely not ready for it to be Monday morning. Yet, it is. Oy............
Jesus loves you
Here you go: "No, thank you." And then refer them to someone else who may be able to assist them. "No" is a complete sentence.
...and the project ( also contribs on Pox and the City game)
When did "the fun" need to be brought *back* to snacking?
I love when peeps from jr./high school find me on fb & have these wonderful memories of me (which I never seem to remember, sadly).
Literally the worst weekend ever.
my patience is going to be tried today. I am the only one manning the library. people will just have to wait to be helped.
I was enchanted to meet you <3
Savage Garden....Thanks Pandora, for the time travel back to senior year!
Is it wrong to tell a Homeless person a Knock Knock Joke?
Why do fat girls always take forever to order fast food? EAT A GOD DAMNED SALAD.
Which is to say we are all dependent on government.
I get to see MIW in December. :3 High five for seeing badass bands dude.
ohh come on back to tally !
Chemistry test over acids & bases: easy peasy lemon squeasy.
Toung kiss her , squeeze her butt, pull her close, lift her up so her leggs around me "my style of kissing :)
Man i hate goin to sleep mad..but i guess this women wont let it happen.
Ha! It's from Harry Potter... your neighbors must be as nerdy as us :)
oh I know - just wanted to make sure you weren't looking for me and couldn't find me :)
36 holes of golf was nice way to close out weekend after too many long days of covering NFL Draft. Game of Thrones to close out the evening!
Check tomorrow for the latest poem about another character in the Bible, You can find it at www.lindaswift.net
You must have a lot of practice, cause you appear to be rather good at that already.
Nail Appointment then sleep.... Yep sounds like a plan!!
Tune into at 6pm I'll be on re:GOP's continued attack on women & Limbaugh's recent comments against Sandra Fluke
Thanks for the RT! Have you ever attended one of Roger Courville's webinars? I love them!
word, it's a trip tho just seein how ths instance of sumthin tht is unfortunately common is gettin so much attention
Never explain--your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway. Elbert Hubbard (1856 - 1915)
not sure, max isn't one to book in advance, he'll just sort of randomly say it like a week before if it happens!
i hate it when people on internet fake themselves as chloe moretz and say stupid stuff like i hate you or stuff that gets annoyed it bothers
Good Morning everyone..
That's really awesome!! :)
Is about to perform on the Napa Valley TV telethon with the talented vocalist Mary Jensen..
that would be sweet...im hopeing for that now that u mention it
What he said.
theres no such thing as an ugly girl there are just some girls that are better looking than others lol
The sun makes me sneeze.
For the lovely mothers day, I went to NE furniture mart and bought her Dane C's Isolation show on DVD. Its more of a gift for me though ;D
#crystal ! Coordinated a ride. May end up camping. We'll see! Hit me up when you're enroute señor.
this is why we love the internet: we make each other's days ;)
Where you at?
If the world didn't suck we would all fall off.
Most r packers fans...next rt : Tim Skubick: Michigan senator wants Detroit Lions to play Green Bay Packers in Upper Pennisula
I actually think I will go home and sleep
thanks for the love and support guys! I'll be there next year!
Damn skippy brotha man. I'm excited. RT : June bout to be crazy ain't it
#YouKnowICareWhen I'm offering free help; You should call us :)
[Library Hours] Saturday, Dec. 17 from 9am - 6 pm. Sunday, Dec. 18 - CLOSED.
Adventures in commuting - When a guy in a Prius rides your bumper, whips around you and waves with one finger - all you can do is laugh.
Hi Y'Vonne, thanks for the follow!
Who is going to be the leader that we elected you to be and #SaveOurClinics ?
Filling my days with home makeovers, job hunting and busy work. Taking a break to watch some Capitals hockey. Go Caps!! Go 30 Rock premiere!
I'm #nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Ha! I love that.
#CommercialLoans-We offer better rates & terms than traditional banks! Call today! Indigo Mortgage (505) 836-5700
My Mac died completely today. Thanks for the financing, Apple - I'm updating now from a brand new shiny MacBook Pro, with help from my boo.
Ha! I found you! Hope you had a good time while in DC! So can you get an interview with hottie Bryce Harper :)
i think its actually over..... :(
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone. I wish you all good times & a pint of Guinness!
Come on BORO
Only if the reader can identify w/t the issue or character. Or if the character fulfills what the reader lacks.
Had the entire house to myself for several hours today. Solitude is such a precious gift these days. Thanks, baby!
Come on Windy City Clones...let's get #TeamJolene #VinnyMacNation and #Hackoff trending
Great talk by about their Baja trip and Native American reservations in #SD. Thanks guys!
We have a new server ready vpn-mf4 Dyn IP pptp/l2tp/sstp/Android ready server Miami, Florida. Available in your customer area now.
Uh, yeah. Instrumental version of "the way you look tonight." big fan, especially after
Physical attractions are common but mental connections are rare
That would work
sure ur right. U r not mean like that.
smoke a bowl > sleep.
Good Sunday morning. Watching some #FACup before getting my work done. Have a GREAT day!
It's Bootcamp time! Heading to Indianapolis Lighthouse Charter School! Let's stay healthy & strong!!!
#dearyoungself Enjoy while you can!
I've opened my freezer 10 times this morning hoping drumsticks will magically appear. Some of these tweets are jokes, this one is not.
Don't say, "If I could, I would." Say, "If I can, I will."....Jim Rohn
just put linkin park on the radio, strong high school vibe.
excited to go around seattle with and we're trying to figure out what's 'SO SEATTLE!'. destination tips?
For every girl with a broken heart, there is a boy with a glue gun. <U+2665>
lol possibly glad you made it out!
Look, the fight game is about controversy...we got some!
150 years ago it was a shitty day for the French.
haha. Hey neighbor:)
Yes, but planning group member must attend a mandatory workshop (COW); or, it can be done on-line.
Good morning #raiseandgrind and
What can you do when your good isnt good enough?
Thanks! That made my evening!
Its brittany Bitch
Heading home from Downtown. Going to watch the new Modern Family. It's one of the few things that give me a genuine smile.
D: indeed!
see but dont be mad my friend who passed 10 yrs ago use to say its ok to look but NEVER touch.same rules apply to you ..hint?
the person im texting now? dummy.
i am so upset that is going off the air. Being 23 years old, you have provided the soundtrack to my entire life THANK YOU!
Aw. I gotta say, I was doing more head turning than normal. I would be more than happy to learn French from some women there
#Nw Thirteen Ghost.
if you're a #ya author interested in donating your books to #schoollibraries @ or DM me!
Dear computer: You misbehave, I turn you off. Easy as that.
$200 on FLoyd Mayweather what up?
BIKINI SEASON!
I think I've been hit by a solar flare.
If you live anywhere near south central KY I know this goes without saying, but today's weather ssssSSSUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKSSSsss!!!!
it was #fun until jumped in then like him, this conversation became #lame #KAAA .....
Thanks for the heads up on this. Still processing some of the "highlights" of this post. More to come, I can assure you ...
happy birthday mama mary :D
I meant I just followed Harmony :3
Girl of my dreams
That's the truth! "Lord, help me with this boy!"
Watch something boring on TV w/the volume turned down low.
Magnetic nail polish !! :D haha
Wow, that was your first binder? That is great!
Breakfast in bed thanks to
T2 - Certainly WM entering HC would force current system to respond with 'x' amount of innovation.
You might not see this before you get there, but have a great time!
If you're staying with us, we have an extra treat with Wine Down. Hint: Happy National Chip & Dip Day!
#TipsForLadies woman with class > bad bitch
you call that a hike?! Lol
When did I start eating oranges? What's happening to me!?
send live updates for those of us who couldn't be there. Tweet The Kiss!
People wearing feathers looks stupid
well they're facing a LHP. Oh wait, nevermind.
The Ultrabook Project -- very cool! I won't flood you with tweets but we do want to get involved with you on the music front!
Playing Wow! LOL. Waiting patiently for "Perfect Strangers" to go on iTunes!! :) Happy Easter y'all!!
I will post full schedule of St. John's recruits/prospects playing at iS8 on JohnnyJungle/Redmen in next day or so.
We try to follow everyone who follows us, if we missed you let us know!!
“You can’t fail until you quit.”
You can also consider writing business cards and designing of flyers which can be much helpful for you while opening an online boutique
Excited to check out the beautiful San rock art over the next two days.
when feeling like a #snack, go for #almonds - it's not only tasty, but a great source of
1st tenet of my teaching philosophy stmt: -"Inside everyone is a great shout of joy waiting to be born."
Halfway(?) to Orlando. So far, so good at CLT.
Ditto Seth! RT We will march on!
Just because you wrap your burgers in wax paper doesn't make them taste any better. Please stop doing this!
great launch party tonight...thanks for the invite...best of luck for the future!
I wish you rappers would talk about something other than money sometimes... knowing damn well you broke as hell...
: Thanks, not sure about saving the world.... Maybe we're just plain stubborn, and refuse to give up our love of bookstores.
Houston, and hell yes!!
the ladies love Brooke
UT sports information dept says Alexis #Wangmene has a left wrist injury and will see a hand and wrist specialist tomorrow in San Antonio.
Omelet for breakfast. Ham, jalapeños cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms. M
MT : Rep. Alan Williams quoted Jay-Z during House debate and was corrected by Speaker Cannon on exact lyrics from 99 Problems.
Santa Sangre tonight...what am I in for?
And BTW, I'm cracking up that "Pollen" (not to be confused with ) has its own Twitter account.
Entertaining story, but anecdote about math intervention doesn't prove causality - me re: Amy Chua
i know lebron did his thang
Iv'e Waited Like 2 Years For This & I Can't Believe That Just Happened !
You a classy hoe!? Bitch please. Your classified as a hoe so SIT THE F.CK DOWN
Drinking green beer today but by night time it'll be blue. GO CATS
please follow me pit I love u;)
Excited about tonight--youth from all around #WestATLunite !
": im jealous lol"~~i was NOT prepared for his ass lol another Layzie Bone situation
That's a good problem!!!
I have a wrist tattoo too!
I havent taken a nap in like a day so im gunna nap. :p
Sorry everybody for the Twitter spam. I had an #ifttt recipe go a bit crazy. Remember kids, with great power comes great responsibility...
where's my baby?
They repair Rolex's on the cornor of Peachtree and Piedmont next to the Wachovia bank. They are very reliable.
I am def deciding where I live next based on its distance to Blue Bottle. I was never a coffee snob, now I am.
so far so good, bike is safe.
ws up wit ya
im telling yal everybody a gangsta via the internet....trust me
Just finished paying one of my student loans off ...
yeah like last week i started thinking about them and I told my mom I wanted to get them maybe ill get them this weekend
My boyfriend just happens to be my bestfriend , who doesn't like seeing there bestfriend everyday ?
tell everyone I said hello!! Get an extra massage for me!! See you when you get back :)
Happy Easter to all my tweeps! We'll also be celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter a week from today!
silencer on Logic just blew my mind by fixing a bad-RAM MPC 2000 sample, that has lots of pops in it, amazing tool
#Crazy im so crazy my friends don't recognize me sometimes<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> Lolz
o, connie crosby is watching me! she's a library podcast star!
good looks homie and sizes are accurate we only have samples.. shipment will be in soon we'll keep you posted !
sorry those are mine
yeah i still love you, & yeah, it still fucking hurts.
thanks guys! Cheers
Cannot wait for the Album "Hello" to come out May 8th #excited It will be the perfect early birthday present.
Kickstarter has proven to be a community & a mvmnt, not just a platform. The more ppl find Kickstarter, the more success for all
can't ppl do anything for themselves. Cabs.Really? What does that have to do with legislation?
If you do that, it defeats the purpose idiot
If it were meant to be any other way, it would be.
...like really?
#whiteparentsquotes don't make me count to 3
Thank you for your support of the in 2012. New partner of the Portland Timbers...support a local PDX company!
to text me
Apparently tomorrows national hug a cheerleader day??
Was Jenny McCarthy pitching?
Break time. David gonna punch it.
well, I was 'brought up' in a collaborative research shop at Indiana U, which means I love it, but have lots to learn still.
meeting and later today
Please Justin Follow me I love you!
4rm na on ANY type of FIXIN or HACKIN i gotta do I NEED Dat PAPER...NO MOE FREEBEES 4 ANY NIGGA...U NEED HELP N I NEED MONEY...#Momma Ra ...
We'll hang out next week! RT : Had an amazing time with my family today! ;) missed and my brothers tho.. :(
I give so much thanks to you all my new fans, i truly heart your supports. Thanks for liking my page.
#milwaukee What a beautiful saturday! 70 degrees ru kidding me? Woo Enjoy it!
I would be there. I am in Minnesota :( back on Saturday
will still read your articles. Appreciate your coverage of college sports.
who do you like?
Time and Gems Launches Annual T&G Wholesale Event
not at all !
Be there next time! #meow RT : watchin Beau play tonight
Congrats to who just coached her soccer team to 10-0 victory at halftime
Shopping for a film this week
I can do Thursday!
here too!
hay, how come my shoutout didn't warrant its own tweet?
What's going down tonight!? Someone HMU
Believe comes out on June 19th. So far away though......
you too! Miss you already!!!
Is much too quiet... I need some rock or some POP Rocks!
love how this kid popped a squat in your on-air seat.
It Is Hot Af In Here Man.
Twitter: What's HANNIN?!?!
#rockthebells2012 is extra corny. That line up is shit
The airlines make it easier to travel.....by car.
i luv my followers thxs for getting 300 followers
Fight hoes fight !!!!!!
Pizza rolls is the bomb!!
My contact feels like its trying to escape my left eye. Wonder if it's in inside out.
Well, this is gonna be weird...
Out of the FW $1200 NLH. 5 different big pots where I was outdrawn on the river incl last hand where I got 18 BB's all in with KK vs AQ+A10
yes of course(;
Fixing my daughter's iPod, I am hoping is just the battery needs replacing
lucky clover
A smile is the worlds greatest weapon.
#Nw The Devil Inside
Guuuyyysss, I made Tory a Twitter. Follow him.
you serious!?!?! idc! cookies!
We're on deck for #6ShotsRadio w &
I'll be home soon and we can talk life, liberty and OUR pursuit of happiness
Like a door that's closed I gotta
I'm guessing the only reason Denver is looking at #Manning is so #Tebow can teach him how to run!
You're part of what's keeping music education LA going. What more do you think can be done?
Today's cooking also includes making tomorrow's pork green chili & chicken with homemade bbq sauce and marinade. YUM!
Joe Paterno fired!! Right decision or should he have been allowed to finish the season as he planned?? Thoughts??
My grandma is hilarious.
"Keep in the Sunlight." I love this
yep! although for philly food cart prices, these are on the slightly less-cheap side. Still a good deal.
Anything Eminem pretty much
March is Women’s History Month! Did you know that Miami was the first major city to be founded by a woman?
That's why I am pacing myself while reading the Hunger Games series. I am a little more than half-way through Catching Fire now. #OMFGLOVE!!
thanks so much!! you rock
Excellent Thomas Crow lecture Tuesday at LACMA's “Here and There: Artistic Exchange between Germany and California in the 1970s” symposium.
Who is up for a little competition? Winner Gets a signed Ticket from Roshon! (ticket is from a past show)
When we see bad behavior, "what you might be seeing might just be a piece of pain" in our youth. #Mayor'sCommunityDialogue
“: Kevin Hart is just getting annoying now” Oh, somebody is hating. Kevin Hart is funny as hell and you know it :@)
I know a guy who spent 15K to make a utube video & got 2O hits. And I know a chick who booty shaked on her Iphone and got 3000! Painful.
hey! Busy week for me but if I think of something to do will let you know!
Those dresses r really make 's tits too big.
Shooting w/ 50mm can be akward - u are so close 2 people who can be emotional, but its small enough where they don't mind
Don't have any plans with your Valentine yet? You have the rest of the week to redeem yourself and get tickets to My Sinatra!
thank you for the compliment. I enjoy your tweets, as well. :)
Does anybody have the 30 Rock/Community/Parks & Rec news from a legitimate source?
thinking it's time to plan for summer fun. Keeping it local!
": Stevie Wonder - magnificent. #WhitneyCNN" love mr wonder.
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe all this damn room to drive but want to tail gate a nigga
I can't believe tonight is Kentuckys last game. I'm so excited but its definitely bittersweet. Last time I saw UK in a championship, I was 6
Great morning for a 20 Mile Run....
#Didyouknow - that on Feb 1, 1911 a dynamite explosion in NJ shattereed 23 skylights and windows at the Aquarium raining down glass on...
oh and I miss you!
if I had time to leave the airport I would. Went with #DunkinDonuts instead of Chili's or BK.
I have done it. I have packed for a week combo business/adventure trip in a backpack and satchel (including a full suit).
It's not a night at the ballpark til the cops show up
The pieces are really starting to come together, huge piece tomorrow! Wish me luck and keep me in your thoughts and prayers! :-)
My 8 year old daughter perfectly sums up Pandora: "The first thing you like, the second thing you hate."
#HappyBirthday #Taurus born on May 16th are nurturing and sensible... -- Taurus () That's you all day.
bahaha "pastoral lioness worship woman" lol thanks!!!! :-)
came to the park with just to go on the swings
The correct answer to yesterday's trivia questions is: Rick James songs have been featured in "Everybody Hates Chris" six times.
people watching at departures gates is good fun...but waiting at the arrivals gate is even better... seeing people greeting each other a ...
Thank-you I'll try it, that was bothering me. "open tweets"
I drink one soda a week :-P
I WANT B BASH TICKETS. HAHAH hdev is the only female artist
near the 85
Everything good brotha busy making tracks and babies. I see you still holding down.
There's a guy here asking every1 in line if they could help him w/ a piece of chicken. Some1 brought it 4 him, he's still asking 4 chicken.
guys....south campus gateway- Aug 1st. Keep an eye out for mobile truck between now and then
Do you think older dogs who are out and about a lot need more vaccines than stay at home doggies?
hahahah sorry bout that.. guess my #thankjesus dance got a liddle too intense #jokelifebestlife so over this whole no phone thing
I have not. Will have to check it out though!
Even when they do not "follow" you, they are tracing the footsteps of your every tweet, waiting for a moment to use it against you.
really thats all you got PACOS peeps.....cmon on now.... thank you ladies
This playoff series has been an unmitigated disaster; we needed our best game to beat the heat, and we have crashed and burned so badly.
This. Day.
the media is running with it cuz its boston, grienke started on the DL last yr because of a basketball injury w/ no mention
Needs to shower
hi fred - my week ended sunday, but I';ll keep following your work with interest as it's closely related to mine. Cheers!
#WeWontWork if you don't treat our relationship like a RomCom.
And with that 2 of my elite 8 teams are out
that's cool. where does creating the IA fit into that mix between use case - feature set defn?
hope all is going well. Seems things are heating up again in Mindanao.
Don't be silly. Never a need to be sorry. My weekend is good so far, but I need to work on a project. I hope you enjoy yours.
and were burning the midnight oil last night. Both launching very soon!
Idk if I told you but I'm moving to kississmie I love my new roomies
Getting ready to get to the money!
I'm almost finished college!!!! Never thought I'd make it this far.
Party all night long
I love you, too.
Day off today, best Pittsburgh weather this year! great day to not be stuck inside
Beliebers are Bossing! as always
Most women DON'T know when they have a heart attack. We're used to pain! But you are young!
Are you doing the Green Bay 1/2 marathon again this year?
aw. Sweet puppies
what tickets?
I love Dancing In The Rain!! Its the best song ever right now (:
Judith Lederman who worked in museums focusing on primary level students. One teaching science with immigrant children.
Let's be naughty and save Santa the trip. - Gary Allen
Thanks for posting great content!
Listening to (NEW LIFE)
#20ThingsILove A smart, educated girl with confidence >>>
Yes, please!
I love the #HouseOfNight books, I've been reading the books all week!
RT lol aw<3 ever since we took my dad to Lins that's the only place he likes going to now.
Isn't that a foul on Love?
Now we're talking about libraries' discriminatory history with romance & how that underpins relationship w/erotica,
A birthday shout out to an awesome teen volunteer, Pauline!
But if this community insists on using this acronym-ish word, somos locos indeed.
Happy Holidays from all of us at River Bank Plaza!
Dee where are you?
Survival of the fittest was a bullshit lie!
Can't wait to see how this episode looks...tune in.
I really screamed that last tweet.
Currently at the AIA/NDIA STEM mtng and feeling motivated to find ways to engage students to STEM through hands on learning.
To travel is preferable to arriving.
Just realized we sent our 800th tweet today. Not that that milestone means anything at all, but hey, this tweet brings us closer to
Yeah. That's the best part.
You get mad, you get strong, wipe your hands, shake it off, then you stand.
Looks like it could be the perfect day to kick off the golf season!
Love your style!
Williamstown Beats Washington Twp. Coach Frank Fucetola and players Dan Collins and John Chamberlin talk about the victory over the Minut
what time is your happy hour today?
Robert Johnson radio on pandora. That's all I need.
You are giving because you are so full of love, you have to give
4 months!! Lol yeah, but I'm on a mission now, I need to learn this thing. I know I will end up being addicted.
Italy has found itself at the center of spiralling economic concerns in recent days.
Just finished planning a #GreatSave event for #EMS week with the trauma team. I'm amazed every day of the heros aroudn me!
What I've learned from living in Marin County and coming home for break is that all there really is to do is going shopping. That's it
There is nothing to discuss yet. I didn't go RT : I really feel like I should have heard from by now.
Yay off work!
every time i pin something on #pinterest, in my head i say "pinning!" like charlie sheen says "winning!"
I want a big ass stack of pancakes: )
Check out our website for what's going on for the Packers/Bears Showdown! www.offtheclockbar.com
Liberate yourself and go andriod!!! :) Good luck at Verizon
Morning you guys have an awesome day.
watching 3 different cspan channels and not on either one. An oral history with Charles Colson is on
No. You're too precious :) Really.
Hi Zappos! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users & build customer profiles
If #America #trade with #China #Chinese, why not #Cuba?
i think my parents know im pissed off at them. good
Are we seeing you at the #vawine expo?
Haha well when that comes we will hang.
It was a fun night for sure. submitted the sesion to devLink. I hope you'll get to see it there.
it's the name of the song. Have you heard it? It's one of favorites
lol ya I wanna have fun on my bday I want it about me not them
#ALISE_org may also be interested SIG Women's issues it needs be sustained better out there -listings
So is the blinking red light at the intersection of St. Charles and Jackson a permanent thing? It's been holding up traffic for 3 days.
Holding this huge iced coffee is making my hand cold.
Power vs Arizona tomorrow night at Consol Energy Center, 730. Come to Power Fest :30 @ Marriot City Center! GO POWER!
"Forgive but don't forget. and wen he tells youu that you ain't nun don't believe him and if he can't learn to lovee you , you shuld lea ...
Really enjoy you on YES. I just started listening to your radio show. Absolutely love it. People dont give you enough credit
Officially found the one beautiful man on this campus. He looks like a young Rafael Nadal and has a cute little coin pouch.
Hey Justin... how can we get some MLive coverage for a Dodgeball Tournament in Detroit with 60 teams from all over the state
Does anyone want to hear me live-tweet Mets vs Yankees 2nite? it will be real snappy + lots of raggin' on Reyes...ok, i didn't think so.
lol come bother me! Sorry for calling your mama a dude.
YES OMG YES. thank you omfg.
It took me 30 minutes to eat soup...
lol u silly :)
Looking forward to it being 80 tomorrow and being off work!
It was Dexter! She was the reporter in Dexter last season.
Thanks for the RT!
Oh, and in time for the holidays, Beverly has imported from Italy some crazy good dog cookie treats, so cute and yummy, and on sale all week
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: Blues legend who alleged to have sold his soul to the...
huh. i really am
I hope you can give more than you receive this holiday season. Make sure you buy stuff from USA not made out of country.
Well its over
Are you going to HP Discover? Have you already signed up? Drop me a note --
I have a lead on a few PM and on-line marketing director jobs on LA's Westside. Retweet and DM me for info.
Neat! I love idioms!
when they are young you pray they will understand eternity matters, then they become adults and you pray you did enough
it is, I didn't mention the fact that it is not even a word!
I've been concerned about Hanrahan's control all season. Not as sharp as last season, but this is ugly
hey all you had to do was walk in my room. Sorry bout that.
Sneezed all over the Gutenberg Bible @ the Morgan library.
psshh, unworthy my ass!! Haha. But seriously, what is it?
blah say blah say blah
Almost kickoff time!
Woke up thinking, I should run this morning. Next thought was, Nah, I'm not really awake yet.
a little more dialogue to write for the teaser, wish us luck, we are almost there. We will let you know when it is ready!!
Great job explaining social media
Cool, thank you! You going?
FCOMDOS about to do my hair this weekend, I don't feel like doing it myself. Lol.
Peyton Manning to the 49ers? They are in the mix per reports. That makes more sense to me than DEN, TEN or MIA.
OMG. ": "Dubstep, I like that band!" I don't want to live on this planet any more."
you better
I just bought my Platinum badge for ! Couldn't be more excited 2 take in all Interactive & Music industry talk!! CantWait
Taylor made and 15 chaos having good game
This is the part of the semester where I start wishing I would have worked a little harder over the past few months.
address unknown
ha! Bless her heart. Looks like a 9 doing a headstand between a pushy L and a needy l.
Jada Pinkett-Smith Continuing Her Music Career! [VIDEO] | The ...
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Somebody want to give a shout out? :D
are you spinning at your event?
Thanks good brother! I want what's best for our communities, and I love my A-Phi-A! 06!
App heavily rewritten this week and almost complete. Totally ready for the weekend.
Oh...when did it start raining???
You mean like the 'nonpartisan' Verify the Recall. Where is your story on the GAB's analysis of VTR findings?
is already ready to go to sleep already
Great deal for expecting moms! Shop at this weekend and get a $150 gift card towards a Newborn Photography Session!
That's a really scary and dangerous way of thinking North Carolina. It's a form of bigotry that is honestly breathtaking. I don't get it.
everybody's tweeting! You're so popular…
I don't want to undermine Whitney Houston's death or influence, but the media has such a field-day with celebrity deaths it is sickening.
support was non-existent. Just pointed me to support articles I already went through. No customized help. Good luck!
haha yea she was drunk as hell I woulda came back but had a headache and Okk I'm in ther
Excited to hear #AHAA2012 presentation on US Latina Women!
At least this class is air- conditioned
time for a late lunch then off to the post office and bank. my days are so action packed.
Smoking a 7 gram blunt >>
Spent 0-11 hours socializing yesterday
I'm rocking some gray as well but so is George Clooney and know cares about his! Lol
We're nearing 5,000 "likes"...help us reach that magical number. Invite your friends TODAY!
thrilled And congrats!!!
Thanks for coming to Winstons last night everyone! Good Times Indeed!!! -BAC
Have not read the books? RT : OK, "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" is not a sexy date night flick.
btw you CAN turn off screen recording by clicking on the screen option rather than looking at drop down
ha ha! Good question :)
ahh that's a great sight! Pitlane at dawn.
Silver Stars rookies Danielle Robinson (Oklahoma), Danielle Adams (Texas A&M), Porsha Phillips (Georgia) all score their first WNBA points.
if a race car bed is there...I'll flash it. I highly doubt that though, hahaha.
CLIPPERS GOING IN!
Goodbye grandma Beatrice. Onto the next lucky vehicle..
I don't get mad often, but I'm mad right now. Urggggggggggg! Not a good Valentine's Day..
my mom is getting an olive plant :)
yeah .. she messed that up. Lol
Only compliment bigger than a newbie revistin same day is a skeptic orderin 1 & b4 they get to their car ..they raise their hand 4 more..
It's official. Our house is going to be on the Ballard Historical Society's home tour. Time to get to work putting the finishing touches on
If you can't figure out if a guy is gay or straight, just listen closely to how he says the word "bitch."
Ahh mommys weekend. Gotta mothers day card frum my bro . That def made my weekend :D clubbn 2nite wit my bad bytches .
Joy, sometimes we have to be careful what we wish for. :(
Truth! RT If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great. -Tom Hanks
Wow. Chris Davis 0-8 with FIVE strikeouts. If 4 Ks is a Golden Sombrero, what is 5 Ks?
Smh I hate doing shows with unprofessional shows..
Be a good cheer. Dont think of today's failures but the success that may come tomorrow. Persevere U will find a joy in overcoming obstacles
I finally sent my deposit for WPU. I'm definitely going there this fall .
Crap! Crap! Can't get password on blog to take! Locked out on my first day! WTF?! Bugger.
Artest is on Fire!!!
no one understands the epic awesomeness of our dance
ok girl. Just drugged myself. Should start kicking in any minute. Gonna check email and then put the buds in. xxoo
Hahahaha vania says she loves you
Omg seriously? 1.5 days til vacation... I think I can, I think I can!!
I was serious
I would love to send him something but I wouldn't have a clue what to write! ;)
Calling someone stupid wont make you smarter just saying lol >.<
Ratliff and Hatcher were both above average in terms of interior pass rushers. More depth wouldn't hurt though.
Met someone the other day who said he'd had scurvy. He totally won the cool old-timey disease lotto.
The cut in my mouth got bigger.
yes !! > RT : can't wait to see you and at ! what a way to bring in the new year!
crap i got scared for a second i thought i had to wake up at 6:30 to go to school and i havent finished my hw
Merry Christmas && Have a wonderful and blessed day!
The feathered pen?
Chaz Evans: "The Brechtian Video Game" - video game immersion creates empathy for dystopia; Brecht might say its astronishment
it's gonna be excellent, you're doing solid work thus far mate!
Oh God I've worked so much this week
“Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing.” - Helen Keller | Here's to daring adventures every single day.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure... Bill Cosby ~ #quote via
#txconfwomen gina otto. wow. i'm going to check out cassandra's angel, a children's book
Let me train you in the beautiful Hollywood Hills.
my mind is still wandering about who your race car boyfriend is with all the shit that you have to up with is! Hahah
Women ’s: Angry Birds – The Nest
All HS Students! This Thursday @ Club Fuego! Biggest HS Party In SA! 98.5 The Beat Broadcasting Live! Dj Prodigy In the Mix
I don't know if Nicki Minaj is a really annoying rapper or really annoying singer.
I could only watch like 7 minutes of it. Lol
check the other one
Homework time begins ...... NOW
Will do!
Send the heat back to hell <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
Come rage the Mad Frog in Cincy with us this Friday for 's birthday!
I'm printing up bumper stickers saying: "VERY Proud to be From Maine"
Going to be great if the WX breaks right.
DO U KNW WAT IT FEELS LIKE 2 HAVE UR HEART RIPPED OUT AND SPIT ON, AND THEN RIPPED 2 PIECES RIGHT N FRONT UR FACE, I DO AND IT A BITCH
Another prep game
JJ is going to have a good celebration
It's starting to settle in that in 6 weeks I'm leaving my awesome home in the woods in MD to move 3000 miles to L.A.
because its the best/ most time consuming website EVER
DUDE I GOT A STORY WITH ME AND "a"!!!! im so fraking heated !
Making work outs a daily thing and feeling good. Anyone recommend any muscle mass building protein? Trying to gain some weight
kind of feel like I look okay and then...hideous...but then okay. I dunno.
If the wind doesn't stop play today, Tiger the rest of the top Americans should be on the course in So Cal...
Sleep is for babies.
I want a brownie right now. Yum.
He is feeling much better and drinking water out of the faucet as usual. Thanks for asking.
I think it's a compliment but there are some words I can't make out
I have a Dick, u sounded like u needed sum, I was only offering, u dont want it, kool #ontothenext (and u mad cuz?) U corny lol
True :( x2 RT : Wait I just heard canceled :( true?
radio piece on about sending paper invites instead of email ones. even a trip to the print press! FUCK THE 'NET
My eyes burn.
Friday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
#IWE2012...We are talking about action with !
Facebook Lite: For those who can't handle the good stuff.
I'm glad you're tweeting! And I totally agree.
hope your launch was a success! felicidades
I love blazin through all the lights at 4am, it's like you're one with the universe <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT : Anyone NOT entered into the contest for a $25 Gift Card? Read about their craft beer event to see...
Business owners also need the financial advice of a CPA for things like declining assets.
In Your Presence That's Where I Am Strong! In Your Presence That's Where I Belong! In Your Presence Oh God! In Your Presence! HALLELUJAH!
A great movie. But I believe that to approach the movie with a theory is a mistake: the movie atheoretical; the dude abides.
I need to paint my nails, again.
people who would kill for a pair of J's <<<<<
Time is a problem, yes. But the anonymous nature of the evals bothers me, too, when I would be happy to have a conversation.
Think I'm Not Seeing #ABDC7 Tonight :/
I think you can get a good meal by your gate for like $5! ... Man, do I crack myself up
Weather right now <
RT : Hey, I hope you're havin a tweeterrific day!
Send Ne Something sorry :))
10 essays for a history class, seriously?
My eyes are only red because of allergies
Awww feel better Kevin!!! And I just have a little cold but it's finals so I don't want it to get worse :(
Not gonna lie, TLC is probably one of my favorite TV channels. Seriously, if you want a tv show about it, they have it.
it's gonna be crazy!
Happy Mother's Day!
im HUNGRY
2:45 and my work is just beginning ;-)
Lala is sold out. I was gunna attempt to save for it:/
RT : Enjoyed a bottle of Engagement from our wine club shipment with dinner. - LOVE ! :)
Good Morning! On 99.1 The Mix until noon and then watch football all day!
Duck Dynasty? This show for real??
Marry xmas everyone time to smoke my beef jerky ya
Including today, only 8 more times I have to come to this stupid class...
Nopers... Gonna log out, the log in. See if that helps.
Your venue looks amazing! I just took a look at your website - it is gorgeous!
#Braves win tonight, #Nuggets win game 3, #Celtics win game 3.
Yeah we still need a picture.
I need to double check but infant tee 9 pm for sure and us at 955-10ish
Have applied for 400+ jobs 4 which I am qual'ed in #DC with #USAJOBS. Can't even get an interview! Have grt exp, grt ed, grt aps. Y?
Unfollow this page and follow dha new one
watch the lakers flop the game again for sayin this shit lol
Maple and bacon wings are so amazing
I don't care if I just spent an hour and a half in 40 degree weather just talking to you. It was the best hour I've had in a long while...<U+2665>
Fun #Chicago fact: When it opened in 1930, the Merchandise Mart was the largest building in the world with 4,000,000 sq ft of floor space.
This day and age, folk need to turn flips in their dunks...
haha very true, but that was funny! You should bitched him out!
#2PeopleThatBelongTogether are and heather Morris!!!! They would be the best couple ever....there so cute together
what's your sister name again? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>
Wow...you guys, guess what? We are almost up to 70 Likers on FB! We continue to work on our reach, and so appreciate all or our fans! :-)
Mention of Sarah palin gets hoots, claps from crowd.
Don't watch hockey but Black Hawks win in ot good game.
Congrats to our employees that survived the #MiniMarathon this weekend!
#ConfusedLook I really don't give a fuck, yet ur still talking....
OMG on #americanidol :D !!!! I love you <3
TY for the shout out Very excited for this year's event!
KRY's album got almost as much screw-age as Jino's career.
Thanks to all who supported! RT : Congrats to for getting approval for their brew house project...
finally friday dnt even feel like goin to school going to anyways
You will be heartbroke for certain.
It feels like lightning is about to strike out of the clear blue, doesn't it? Have a great last day of the year, people. :)
RT : you rock girl. it's our pleasure! thanks for putting up with us!
Watching War Horse. They should have called it Horsie Friends' Grand European Adventure!
Oh Okay!
sure just lemme know when n where
sorry, son called just before final buzzer on his way to ER with a cooking injury! Ran out the doors into the rain--P&PT please!
Just watched the Tupac hologram performance. Am I the only one who finds it incredibly sad and disturbing?
Listening to Radio Disney. One direction is playing. That is all.
awesome I can play it on the Incredible too!
Gucci Mane new mix tape droppin!
your by hugging sweater.
I haven't had a cough for almost five years now and I completely forgot how horrendous it is, I haven't been able to sleep for more than...
cant stop playing #WhoMadeWho's Brighter Album.
My dog's seasonal blow out of his undercoat is no joke
I used to have trust issuses ...
sorry ABQ is so ghetto.
#LakersFanExcuseTomorrow : Well if Derek Fisher was still a Laker...
Did journalist dude really think he was going 2 get away w/ "___ in the armor?" WOW! Idea 4 New occupy: occupy for Jeremy Lin!
avilles is on a absolute tear the past 2-3 weeks btw. Ill see u july 15th
It's true. We'll never get to present at #sxswi about how we created the ultimate mini t-shirt cannon.
So thankful for everything/everyone I have in my life! I hope everyone is able to enjoy their Thanksgiving today!
Anybody needs a mascot this Summer at State Fair let me know.
haha nice of you to say
So irritating. Might be time to call it quits.
and I will always hate the Lakers too. Ugh, don't get me started :)
RT Why is it easier to be mad at people you trust? Because you know that no matter what happens, they will always love you<3
I thought Mauer was catching tonight?
What's up? This is your biggest fan, Antoine. You are one of my favorite pornstars. So sexy. I hope we meet soon..Muah ;-)
Good News! I got FREE ADMISSION TICKETS 4 PACHA this Sunday to see DJ CHUCKIE.... Leme Kno who wants!!!
"...installation or a photograph, an 'objet d'art' doesn't just erupt from the top of a beret, but is the result of a concrete activity...."
When you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist.
Why is Rick Santorum getting an Oscar for adapted screenplay? :-)
“: Onto the next series ... Do the Lakers have enough fuel to outlast the young gun Thunder?” No.
And this is why you're not getting shit for mothers day
Being told your most likely not going to graduate.
This Laker beating is so BAD I'm not even enjoying it.
yeah, we're pretty much down to the dregs. Watching a He-Man and She-Ra: The Secret of the Sword. It's getting pretty intense.
Makes for a long weekend for you, but I say "worth it" if it gives you a special birthday.
Congratulations to Mesa College Honors student Alisa Boyko for winning the HTCC Poster Design contest/scholarship!
Latest #chobani thoughts. Passion Fruit, taste ok, seeds, blech. Blood orange, same prob as lemon. Dairy/citrus don't mix.
hosting a NEMA/NAME networking event at DeCordova Sculpture Park and Museum at 3pm today
RT "People who lean on logic & philosophy & rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind" ~ William B. Yeats
I was just made aware I might not be able to watch #SKC tonight. FML.
We're not so lucky, wish it were cold
My swirl game would be so cold.
If you are still talking about what you did yesterday, you haven't done much today.
You guys, thor is a heartthrob.
you make me wanna say bye bye
#Trivia What year did the Rose Garden open?
I owe most of what I know about #rails right now to the by Michael Hartl and the EdgeGuides. THANK YOU to all the authors!
Don't panic! Get some food stored in your home, and breathe easier! Food...the currency of the future-hopefully the distant future.
not much! I do feel like I abandoned twitter :( what's up?
I live every day as if it were the last day of my 20s.
And only ugly bitches go to twitter jail thats why you own the facility!!!!?..
I need to quit reading tweets before bed... I follow too many awesome people who talk about stuff that makes me stabby. Heh. Goodnight?
ding ding! now he knows I'm safe. Lol
You're welcome!
So true! The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched...but are felt in the heart. ~ Helen Keller
pretty sure i learned "sharrow " from a tweet
But then again no one is normal lol.
where u going?
im doing good an u?
I'm so horny
Basketball & softball tryouts tomorrow. #yay.. <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+26BE>
(AP) -- Lottery official: Winning Mega Millions ticket sold in Maryland; unknown if others sold.
And just like that the #Bolts take the lead.
for men, not the ladies. I like both denim/Chambray on women!
I don't need drugs, I play video games.
You should also check out playstub.com on your iPhone's web browser. It doesn't have stats, but gives you good commentary.
Editing the family newsletter! Yay! What a year it's been...
I feel the shittiest of all shits right now.
if you followed me ariana it would make my weekend..<3 love from IRELAND xo
.working out! :D I wanna go somewheree.
Walgreens has white cheddar popcorn.
If you like Krakauer, follow With Eric West on facebook/ on twitter for Everest and adventure updates daily.
just used a blow dryer to "iron" mine...
oh, yes, I knew that, I was just waiting for it to show up on the rafflecopter. wishing it had been me! :)
Tripped on my long skirt today and now my hip hurts... must have pulled something, rarrrr
haha you saw?!?! That's awesome!:)
All I want for Christmas is Rocktagon MMA tickets....Details coming soon!
A little voice once told me, "Be the person that your parents, friends, future friends and everyone else in ur life hopes you can be"
Trying to gain weight is really hard. I don't know how all of you can do it so easily.
thanks for the follow
We'll see how it goes.
Much like #Canucks fans are with us #LAKings people! Haha
Im bored bored bored bored. Just had nachos though!!
haha thank you !
Would've been hilarious if Eli Manning walked out with Mayweather
yea you can, a lot of dishes are cooked in olive oil. The much healthier substitute for butter in most cases
Had a dream about Moons Over My Hammy! M.....it was post drinking. I love breakfast foods-hate breakfast times.
Enjoy a good meal and some laughs with friends today. Don't allow your troubles to kill that wonderful spirit that resides within.
may the best man win
RT : Get your FREE tea here! RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
uh yum! I need to get up early enough for brunch :) We liked the #hh wings, prawn skewers, & fruity martinis
I'm more content now. There's rumors McCoy is gone. No QB debate. Get some WRs now and things might shape up. Hopefully.
Only 50 days till the 46th Annual Saint Patrick's Day Parade. Let's make it the best one yet!
My DH is ~80% Paleo except for 1 or 2 microbrew on the weekend & some non-GMO corn products. His bf% & health is much improved.
Your success is determined by what you are willing to ignore.
Facebook + Twitter + Youtube = Reasons my homework isn't done.
Is that a fire by 94 west?
lol go sleep mongrel
you my friend are crazy! I feel like handing u a pillow... or at least wear your sun glasses cuz of the *cough* glare *cough*
you're welcome. i use about three different twitter clients because each offers different features :-)
I hate my face is trending <-- lmao. Who starts these?! Aha
Instead of decoder rings, just admit you're a giant geek and that kind of thing can't be contained...
PARTY TIME!!! LIl Wayne is in the house tonight for our weekly White House concert!!! I LOVE this job!!! Here we go Lil Weezy!!!
TWEET to MEN: Really ask yourself, do I LIKE this girl..or do I LIKE the possibility of SEX with her #PHYSICALattraction is a distraction
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
Castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually - Jimi Hendrix.
Breakfast- Lunch- Dinner- Il Mito
I know you're at #blc11 but when you have time, I'd love to pick your brain re: FB & schools. Tx for sharing your dis. pol. Gr8!
I think the Big East is in Big trouble.
Then these "dick rider finger pointers" your my favorite . Stay pointing out the flaw that put a Bitch on top, that you don't posess.
#U11 a Vancouver Grizzlies jersey...dad bought it for me...back in the day lol
yeeah 3 other people ! and one of them was his friend
I know what tht means -_-
Snakes, snakes... I dunno no snakes!
Amazing night at bessy! Thanks Tinz!
RT : We're not even a month into baseball and I already need a massage. See ya tomorrow !
Aw I just left! Happy Birthday!!
Hangin out at Joys party with what Rock Stars!
I swear this girl from work is so fucking beautiful
I have a drive-up for cigs in my town.
Who wins in this trade? Maclin and M. Turner for Adrian Peterson
respect my gucci pose! lol
lol why's that?
Whatever good comes tomorrow, starts with today.
Hey Bear - nice to meet you. What kind of bike? :)
Boy do I miss the Mongolian Cafe on 1960.
Life is too short. Screw the hate. Reciprocate the love. Have fun and get wild.
Finally getting the chance to record with my band soon! We should be on Noisy Planet in no time
#Imagine You: do i look pretty today? Austin: no You: why? Greyson: you dont look pretty, you're beautiful everyday<U+2665>
We appreciate all the love, support,hate from yall. Keep spreading the word. Fly #FirstClass or be a coach flying hoe. :)
Weeds season 6 hope it's good.
The hardest part about the business is minding your own
How do people reference their already #published work in a #query? Do you mention #sales numbers, use #review snippets?
Stellar shows tonight. Much love for and lookin forward to new discovery
Tracy McGrady is trying to see that second round. 10 points already
Downtown LA Family Court this morning.
0_o What did I just see?
4th time's a charm <'3
Twitter can be so depressing at times !!!.
so are ex-VDC people.
Play-Doh makes working on projects fun!
Mother u can't just flip out on me saying I took some ish
Baltimore/Metro area musicians and fans! OpenGrooves.com... FREE networking site! Try it out for FREE! Sign up for a FREE account!
: "What do we do every night pinky, try to take over the world." ...lol. I don't know we'll figure something out Saturday.
how wasn't jose theodore a consideration?
go buy one!! You're missing out on the fun . Lol
Watching the Secret Life!
Think of life as an Enjoy Ride.
you have to come to my baby shower missy!!
1/12/2011 The Most Important Part of a Website Design B2C Marketing Insider
my homie just told me about a movie screenin' he went to last nite...Justin Bieber's movie...he said its good...take your kids....
Thanks friend! Yes, I need to check them out. Excited to hear you speak this weekend, too!
Mike and Ike's = DELICIOUSNESS:D
Hello twitter peeps(:
why don't u ?
Believe it or not she be on everything
at least I know who my real friends are now.
demand more and be prepared for others to tell you, your request is unreasonable.
I love her smart bad ass.
it's ok man, everybody need love
Best will ferrell movie?
My coworker shared a Ghirardelli dark chocolate square with sea salt caramel. It was really good. I might have a new fav candy
forget sharkweek... brian cox is on science channel!
depends on how severe. Put lots of aloe on it after cooling it, and it won't blister at all
Bitch I'm goin in lmao yup hard
yes,you do. Rubbing it in? :p
That's some good music. Miss you too! cc
So anybody think Mario Chalmers look faster now he back?.
I think it's always fun to get a man's perspective on things! I think she'd do amazing on her own, though! Girl power!
damn shame
don't pirate my recordings !
gimme your email address ! lol
curious - 2 small? Not tough enough? We're trying the XL extreme Kong on 2 pits (70-85lbs) w/ success - so far.
Don't ever say to someone "trust me"...it's just like saying "don't look down".
so where's the lifeproof iPad case guys? Griffin has a competing product that's already on the market, but Not waterproof
Thank God Big Ben isn’t BLACK, I like Big Ben he is a winner and a great QB, but if this was Donovan McNabb
#followmerebecca!! please i love your songs and your an insparation!!
I'm gonna check it out. I love Kerry Washington.
I got a laptop baybee :) I have to get it connected to the internet though.
...so much and not give? Is that LIFE question, or a lyrical question? :P
Cut. it. out.
The Arabian monopoly on coffee was ruined by a Muslim pilgrim from India named Baba Budan.
wow that means so much. and makes me happy <3 you're a great person. and always an amazing support i'm so thankful for.
So true! RT : You know you travel too much when your friends stop asking "how are you?" and instead ask "where are you?"
Scratch the work out. I'm going back to bed lol
haaha thats why i usually turn em off at night! worst is when my phone dies and when i charge it my phone is on..
While I enjoy the hand-drawn more; there's something dynamic about both vector and hand-drawn styles used together.
you never talk to me no more /: im upset with you bout that .
no kidding. I think he dissed us.
Cold hearted bitch- Jet. On the radio. Made my day!
Rite Aid need to step up the look, its starting to look dated. Walgreens is the sh!!!t, its looks so fresh and clean........
My Yahoo group is listed within my profile info. Soon, read my latest pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group. Pendulum Power!!!
jamming to smash while getting ready is a great way to start the day.
it's the same place lol
"Friends are the family you choose." - Ron Sachs
“: “ Potato or tortilla chips?” potato. For sure”<-- I concur. Unless you happen to have some guac to go with it!
Lord Creator God, I bring you no strength or other resources, yet I choose your way see your deliverance.
Vamos a la playa, oh oh oh oh :)
will you give me the date you will know ahead of time?? But can you make that date 5-8-12??
Keep tlkin that mess thats fine.
Hey I'm posting my video this weekend for the Acuvue contest!
That'll never happen!
Yea. That's what the fuck I thought. You ain't about that lifestyle.
I am CRYING.
Often/ not always. Radical feminism is really focused on dismantling patriarchy, which - most radfems argue - is the point of>
SaaS, software as a service. Beautiful solution
You know why America is fat? Because a medium soft drink at Zaxby's is one liter.
"Despite All Odds -- Celtics vs Lakers in 2012 NBA Finals"
Happy birthday hope I get to catch me a fugitive in your honor tonight
he got kobeitis except he starting to seem lil worse then kobe
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
Come back soon! The weather's finally good again.
Caught in a big mess, that I really want to get out of.
maybe the kid was crying bc she chose android.
My foot's asleep and it hurts like a mother.
Fiorina's #DemonSheep is sweeping the nation. Clever DSCC response - Demon Sheep search ads tied to a funny petition - nice work
buying it right now.
Goodnight everyone
RT : How do you perfect perfection? A whoopie pie with a Baileys cream center! Get one Fri at Unblurred on Penn- we'll be...
Well, I like them both. They're both perfect, like no joke. I love 'emm.<3 lool
lol your held account for my case
very smooth roll g!!! lol RT Niggas saying I slipped like a boss lmao
Were those crotales I heard in the last chase sequence of MI:4? If so, Tim Simonec must be pleased!
TODAY in my 'hood: #Parkland Neighborhood Improvement Association hosts community-wide yard sale from 8am-2pm at 28th & Hale
Cold dreary days make our Green Chile Stew and B.O.G. Burrito your BFF's.
I LOVE. ...olives.
Hi Dina, thanks for following :) Nuclear Medicine sounds really cool! Have a great weekend.
It's #Castle's 3rd anniversary today :)
no I wanna surprise you !
We have the BEST fans in the world!
I was gone eas up anyway cuz the homie wanna cut ...
Just shot in the dark that ya just might, be the one i've been waiting for my whole life.
what's up man?
i hate tht
RT : I'ts Natl Dog Day!! Go give your favorite canines a big hug today!
I'm thinking the same thing: quick - fire up the Traeger!
plz pray for me yall im ODEE sick, feels like wen i got the swine flu
she already got mine;) haha
nice idea but i wonder if these emotional predictions would be comforting or conflict-inducing in terms of family relations
follow me please :)
RT : Any pianists and singers out there want me to write an artsong based on a Nigerian scam letter for them?..want to write one.
Responded to FIRE @ 343 Jefferson Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11216 and helped 10 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
#HackedByMamaMahone (: love you Mama !!
great meeting a fellow boulderite! Impressed with the awesome collection and applaud the high regard to delivering quality bags
cool im just on twitter
At Home Show this Weekend? Come by booth 1473 to visit Recreations Oultet! Send picture of u there & we'll send you a surprise!!
thanks for stopping by the #AxeCombineHouse tonight!
hahaha what? who?
seeing a said picture of makes me sad for the WHOLE day!-.-
cool chip dont miss you or anything either!
So great to meet you as well. Let's keep in touch.
Had to get a new phone...EVO 3D. Not much of an upgrade but it'll do.
Are you the Teri Christopher who used to my boss (production coordinator) on the set of "Hearts Afire"? : )
MRIs feel like a horror movie in a coffin. My advice -- never open your eyes. It's 45 mins of sound torture.
You aint even lying!! Thats the sad part!
This is what happens when one stays out past their bed time
be in a fan video for Austin and Alex?
What are the odds on school closings? Anyone running a parents' pool?
#ff because if you don't, she'll have your ass deported.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority. Tom Hopkins
that's good. What college you go to?
tabling just went live today at noon, maybe if you refresh it will work?
12th try against Seth as Sakura on easy. On easy for crying out loud. Y TF is he so hard?!
is a self-healing book always in beta?
So is that place's slogan still "Tacos for when you're blackout drunk at 3 in the afternoon" ?
back to the grindstone
editor STIRS CONTROVERSY by accusing editor of SHIRKING!
I'm done
wonder how the scrimmage went between hillsboro n hunters lane????
I'm at and isn't here...I'm confused...
Thanks, spread the word!
4 reminders/day to use your camera: ask to take some shots of that smart person you know. She may be intimidating but you have a job to do!
its carmen :D
welcome to LA!!!
shut up trell at the crib
#wordstodescribeme caring, ambitious, determined, peacemaker.
Long weekend of moving behind me. Uugggg and now getting ready to play some music later:-)
did u just see that move Kobe did
Happy to assist! -- Wish I could be there! :-)
had an awesome birthday! n is in lobe with you me at six! josh<3
Sunday College glow party ladies free!
My ex text me "I miss you" I text him back with "the subscriber you've reached does not give a crap ."
thanks for the rt (:
Alec Baldwin claimed that #30Rock is set to end after Season 7. Several characters will surely be missed. Which 30 Rock character are you?
Let's celebrate last night's win with $4 Three Olives Cocktails and cheer them on to their next victory of the series!
Happy hour at Office Nomads hosted by ReVision Labs. Then, 500 Days of Summer.
So often time it happens, we all live our life in chains, and we never even know we have the key. ~The Eagles, "Already Gone
i do like the bro bros send them my way they can bandwagon me ;)
Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back. It simply means you are two steps ahead.
you know it!
Then my work here is done.
do you want to meet ?
Brit just hurt my feelings yall, she aint a real nigga no more.
Back in the #ATL after a VERY interesting trip home......
Riverwalk in San Antonio!!
Traveling to San Fran wearing a Zwack Liqueur hockey shirt.
Unless you're Jack Lemmon or Cary Grant, there are few guys who can do comedy and drama
tweet tweet--Thanks to all the new followers! or as might say cheep cheep
So... WGN is going to air Supernatural after they air the news, right? RIGHT? Stupid Cubs.
how r u
Today is Thursday, right next door to Friday, it has been a great and productive week here at Sperry Van Ness / Hallmark & Associates in Lu…
and we heart u
: just experienced my first LA earthquake. A nice little 4.2 I like to call "mamacita."
I haven't heard from my bff in a while. I hope she's doing good. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Put large amount of leftovers from lunch meeting in kitchen. Came back a minute later - nothing but crumbs remained. VULTURES!
I DO IT
Scary movie marathon with and Hooper :-)
Glad that worked after all! ;)
oops.. that should say"good you best not! :-) my stupid typos
In 140 characters or less, can you describe what the day after elimination is like for a player and the team?
sorry, we have to put out our teasers for now! But we'll have an official announcement coming soon! :)
RT Agree! #hiwi RT I love houston! [and houston's glad you're here, helping us become an even better city!]
I wanna sell YOU a HUD home. So if you live in Columbus, Ohio... Call me @ 614.778.4520. Rates are as low as 3.1% on a 15 year loan!!
Where did you volunteer?
#JordanBrandGame. Tarczewski is looking real nice. Setting great screens, getting boards and buckets around the rim. Can't wait til nxt year
Wife in shower. Must get up. Make coffee!
like..all the time...RT: : That annoying moment when your friends are whispering in front of you.
I'm starting to get used to opening up power rankings and starting from the bottom when looking for the Brewers.
AC/DC taught me about the highway to hell, Zeppelin taught me about the stairway to heaven, and Johnny Cash explained that I walk the line.
What a kind offer! I will definitely find a way to take you up on that. :)
omg really? thanks awesome is it in greek? are you planning to get it publish?
OH! We might be sending someone to SAA's annual, here at DC, in August. Can archivists rock it like librarians can?
Hey Twitterites, what music/bands are you most excited about right now? We need some new background sounds up in this place!
Is going to add 3 more miles to my sneakers tonight... Last night walked 3, maybe we can do 15 this week? I want to start training for the m
another triumph for serendipity. such a treat to meet you IRL.
Bruria Tamir has a distinct style, fusing both ancient methods and modern techniques.
Flop City.
Thanks. Now I'm more stressed.
“: Semantic Satiation is a phenomenon when a word loses its meaning temporarily because of constant repetition.” sorry
Hi Scooter
The first to apologize is the bravest, the first to forgive is the strongest and the first to forget is the happiest.
LOVE! Have a safe trip!
Headed to #Willard in DC for FedInsider's Forum on #Obama's #Veterans Hiring Initiative.
sup bro hows it going?
love the neo soul feel.
you need to realize that Emily sees everything you post. And she doesn't appreciate it.
well hope you keep us in mind next time. Our film is airing nationwide, been in 200 media, and working on a follow-up.
The Senate has called off a vote 4 a bill that includes a funding increase 4 cancer research & prevention programs
Happy Birthday to the most amazing and handsome guy in the whole wide world . Love you.!!
« Next time a blocked number calls you answer like this: "Jim's whore house. You got the dough, we got the hoe."»
Is such a handsome man.. :/
sampling too? time consuming work & assessment after #alamw12 re data
No First Thing, How? Second, My Name Is Dallas. And Third, I Was Talking About Me Playing At My Orchestra Concert. Sorryy.
wtf go to bed.
i just finished making my video of me and to Swag it out :) It's almost done ;D IM SO EXCITED!
that has long been my motto, "working smarter not harder" stree, worry ,etc does not equal results!
my universe will never be the same i'm glad you came
ha ha. Thanks. I'm more muscle based & hate jumping around all crazy b/c it makes me wanna throw up. Oh well I can live thru it
To the bird that crapped on my car RIGHT AFTER I got a car wash, you have some fucking nerve.
get 'em Bean!!!
That is a RIOT!
And all I can say is I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you.
Good to know. Thanks. Are some of the others charging for every use of the debit card?
When hot guys send you a message<3
thanks for the follow, love your description, as I am an american football widow. I understand.
Maybe I can get some when we make I to the crib!!!???.
Did you get to work on time today? Yesterday?
Fred Richardson learned first hand how much a person's exposure can grow as a result of playing in same uniform as a top 10 ranked prospect.
If white wine goes with fish, do white grapes go with sushi?
she's at the top of my list too! “: Finding out who #A is tonight!! #PLL. I think its Mona....”
Lol. Eating is our favorite hobby. Nothing wrong with that!
Glad to hear that :)
I am going to be at Blue Martini for another friends bday!
Its gonna be a great one i can already tell haha
great magazine. Great people!
no im not it's cool
So I might not get turkey, but I get holiday pay!
This is my, "I'm gonna get laid" face.
Call to action of the week nominee: "Join us to Celebrate Asparagus!" — leaderboard
: it's not that you're competing with your neighboring publication, you're competing with your neighbor.
Any question you've ever tried asking a Non-English speaker.
pouches? #weaksauce what are you, 15?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
no problem
Thanks for the follow, guys! We're huge fans!
What's in your green salad?
the slow red fox hopped under the lazy dog.
RT : Open Question: What amount of energy is needed to change 1.0 kg of 0 degrees C ice to 10 degrees C?...
i love her face!
Think big, dream BIGGER! It has been awesome to share with you these days and experiences!
#rawmilk Sounds like a reasonable idea to me. What do others think? RT : #uwsmphic what about no ban, but label raw milk?
she is cute... Problem,? I have family who are problem solvers
It's 6am. Do u know where your brain is?
"You can set yourself up to be sick, or you can choose to stay well." - Wayne Dyer - Have a great day from your friends at Hieber's Pharmacy
I also like trucks, guns, beer and bein' outdoors :) HA.
#edt246 it scares me that he was able to hide his ability to read because what if I see that in my own class? Will I leave someone behind?
(c) flames that burn in my heart'' :) the name of the band is #StageFright and if ya like it subscribe! :D
. "program is grant funded, really intended for families." Was supposed to be shamed for using lib resource.
Tired of waiting..
gudnite my sweetie boy ({}).
One week into a 30 day Shakeology Challenge and the participants have lost 5.2, 3 & 1.5 lbs!! If you want to be next message me for details!
Is this thing still working?
Onions & garlic, for sure.
“: i convinced the dentist that i have a gag reflex so that i can get nitrous every time i go.”
Cupcake, cupcake, oh I can't wait to eat u....there will be a party un my mouth soon
I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette. ~ Rodney Dangerfield
come get your puccia fix ...OPEN ALL DAY !!!
- I Think I Like Him ! He Cute, Smart, Funny &+ He Just LIVE ... I'm Talking Channel 13 NEWS! aha
#Java whyUnoFormat output like I want and not like I program
Hey long time no type :) Not ok, how about a follow to make up for it ;) haha
Anyone else think they were doing We Will Rock You?
And what will happen ?? <U+2665>
just think in 40 years i'll be gone and you will be ''old'' maybe!!!
A woman worries about the future until she gets a husband. A man never worries about the future until he gets a wife.
my mom took one car my dad has the other and the third has no gas... I don't have gas money. Lol
I'll drink some tea for you too! ;) #whenourpowerscombine!
See you soon, Pittsburgh.
So glad it finally rained - the earth (and the air) needed it.
He has no filter on his mouth whatsoever,but gotta love it lol! Thanks so much and it was nice talkin to yall!
great I brought hailey with mr
like lick the bottom of a shoe with freshly stepped on dog poo on it?
#nowwatching Grey's Anatomy (:
What ever happened to anything close with 2 strikes you are swinging
Thank you for the rt!
Tequila French Toast, Crab Hash, Juevos Rancheros! Get in for our brunch, serving until 3!
Need a job? Who amongst your family, friends, church, community knows what YOU do? You'd be surprised who doesn't. Share!
It will be interesting to hear the details of the Infrastructure announcement by george osbourne tomorrow.
A beautiful warm day in Florence, AL. :)
I graduated from hungry and made it to greedy!.
Scientific Certification Systems is Accredited to Certify Responsibly Farmed Seafood to Aquaculture Stewardship ...
RT : 42% of women who have abortions have incomes < 100% federal poverty limit
6 AM IM STILL AWAKE THINKING OF 1D. ;D THEY TOOK OVER MY LYFE. <3
did the guy with the red, white, & blue anvils get seriously injured? I didn't hear what happened.
Isaiah 40:10 - WOW we are Jesus' reward. I want to live like a reward.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!
Use the dialer to call out to others so they can be part of the meeting without their computer
Still having trouble wrapping my head around Thomas & Friends being narrated by George Carlin
i like when people freak out when they drop their phones when it's just like a daily thing for me lolol
damn i barely remember how my skin looked wit out all these tats lol
word is that are working on a new album we are very excited. in unrelated news we have been talking with a new band as well!
Carne alotta? You must taste like puke
GOD always pays off. Always. -PMJ
English translation of that last tweet: Carlos Fuentes died.
Give a call...he'll help you pick out a perfect seat!
so who wants me to suck there dick
wouldnt it be great if there is a real superhero in Singapore.where ever you go, no worries because he will always be there for you.haha.
Just joined Equity!! Woohoo! So happy!
Want to be happy? You can start by surrounding yourself with happy people.
They are so cute!
don't disrespect
Im back on the east side MLK for me..
Come in tonight order any burger or Hotdog and get a free frie
My new baby kitten is the sweetest on the planet.
Keeping the #energy and #spirit up, for that after work gym run lol
The greatest of joys For good ol' boys with their toys Is making bright noise.
Love!!! Rt : So...did y'all know that the feminine of executor is EXECUTRIX?? Executrix.
What's it like being a Reporter for on the Web?
Hey everyone, who is going to see Lucky Boys Confusion tomorrow ??
Miami!!! Hosting a great show this Friday w/ Carl Rimi & Msg me to get on the guest list. Mexican Wolverine over n out :-{ \\\
Burning purple flowers!
hi. i love you. and shig. :)
Merry Christmas people :)
great article - I can't believe Sheraton charges $10 per day for wifi
Come to SwingFest 2010 with thousands of sexy swingers and see what others have experienced. Who knows, anything can happen at SwingFest!
Prosecco........nectar of the gods!!!
Thanks! I'm hoping for good things - them interacting more with the video than a lecture - pausing, rewinding, etc
i think "intent" is the larger strategic goal; "purpose" is the more limited tactical objective of the operation.
Bar Fly will be at Dales Ales in Orange City, Fri. and Sat. night, 9pm-1am. Everyone come out and party with us!!!!
i would love to see ya!! anything you would wanna do?? ;)
If only they didn't ride them on sidewalks!
Love is in the air baby
Excited about the #Radiohead concert in March. Anyone know of any other good shows coming up in #Austin or #ElPaso?
Xavier I still love u though butt face
Can't imagine tebow picking NY. Go home, more comfortable culture and probably a better chance to be given a legit chance to start.
The World Famous Glenn Miller Orchestra will be performing @ the Ohio State Fair Celeste Center on 8/02/11 @ 1:00pm. Doors open @ 11am.
Forecast for Thursday Night: Mostly clear in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 54 to 60.
I like signing Mathis, but I'd rather see Gurode at center over Birk
u keep your beautiful head up
hey :D txt me sometime? When you can? :D
Damn! Don't u hate that ugly feeling in ur guts?!
happy birthday to the prettiest twins ever, and !
Can't trust anyone
Word bruh. we got you. just let us know when u wanna meet up to get that. $10 a pop
Excited to announce Congressman Lipinkski (D-IL) to sign on as the 32nd Co-Sponsor of NMAP!!
2-4 inches of snow??! Damn....guess I gotta switch back to imperial stouts and barley wines for a little :( Getting over the Penguins...
So tell me, how'd you spend your birthday evening? Whatever you did I hope you went home w/a smile upon your face. :)
I wanna go home
Morning neighbor! it rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
no they don't, and not this year.
Shot selection for Syracuse this half: A Y, as an F is too kind of a grade
Thank you for the #tea #ff !
RT - We need a law preventing any sports team from New England to be called the "Patriots" until those people denounce socialism.
: I dont have your number no moree :/ dm it(:
#BOYFRIENDVIDEO perfection all the way. jesus.
Learning more everyday that dependency on God is simple as less of me and more of Him....
- good job tonite, Pastor Miles! It was a very nice memorial service 4 Junior Seau.
I'm done "abusing" Gary Busey......
we will consider your interest and contact you as the event approaches . Thanks
Dude. Our #Coachella house is a 1 mile walk to yours.
I'm going going back back to NY NY
#IveNoticedThat People Suck
No way am I going on that Tram... LoL
i really miss my nana ): i regret being such an asshole to her now that i think about it .
How can you love anyone else, when you don't even love yourself..
Finally official: There will be a recall election, and Tom Barrett will be winning it.
Vegas, Baton Rouge, Vegas, Florida, maybe Maryland all in one month. May is about to be crazy!!! Lol
Avengers was a great movie
Hey vegetarians! Slice of the Week North Ave: squash, eggplant, red onion and gorgonzola!!!
Cheaters was mad funny last night.
#IfOnly you knew
Heard on NPR today - Twitter is like a focus group in the wild. Love!
Multitasking can make you feel better
Today is my first official day as a Mannhattanite and as such I will henceforth refer to cheese pizza as "plain." Thank you
“: change your twitter pic!! I don't like it… AT ALL!!!! lmfao" lml okay i will
Thanks Tracy!
What does this say about high school? RT : i thought i was going to be done with coloring graphs in high school.
Shop shop audition shop shop
I seriously haven't felt this good in awhile!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
LOL Now THAT's different! Have a good weekend Michael!
Got A Headache
Do A Show For Vasache !
Do you even watch the games, or just go off of box scores? You should have blogging rights be revoked for such a statement
I love watching French films on YouTube. My favorite Juste une question d'amour
Headed over to the Sparks Farmer's Market this afternoon. Going to pick up a tote bag from and fill it up with fresh corn! Yum!
Thanks for the post. I needed this for a friend. Jim Stoppani always has good info.
Hey Tess! just checking in on the Global NeoSoul Diva Hope all is well with you and the Fam just watched your new Vid all I can say TakeOver
wishing for a more peaceful night for my friends in Michigan!
This girl has some bad troubles
"Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or to lose." - Lyndon B. Johnson
A fun night with & at Barnard Appreciation Night. Better luck next time Lady Lions, you played hard
Happy Spring to all of our fellow San Diego people! Let's get back to warm weather and longer days here in this gorgeous city!
Just met Amy from They're doing some very cool things for local non-profits and local businesses.
Playoffs? We talkin about.........playoffs? You kiddin me?
Thank you sounds like a plan.
Airport transportation from FLL to Miami
you're welcome!!
That's RICE village. End transmission.
Whoever scheduled basketball games this early and this far away, screw you
At the end of 17 innings, Team Lembo leads Team Rudy, 23-9, at
drop a line when u are in town. I have 11 years of doggy LA-living advice. Love silver lake, but too far w/ dogs. Need bus or bike
McMenamins in Mt. Airy.Nuff said.": “Yuengling Bar of the Month.” #YNGBOTM"
I see, thanks! Makes sense. Would be cool to store to FireEagle, correlating the timestamp of the location with a tweet.
My mom and me. Spanish film. We didn't know the plot. Minutes later, on the screen: two men fornicating in the most graphic way.
Taker vs Triple H!!! Greatest Wrestling Rivalry Ever!!! What a great streak...20-0!!! Go Taker!!!!
it's because those you already follow are the ultimate in awesomesauce.
what r u cooking over there is smells yummy..lol
Well that's a first. I was asked out by a creeper at Fleet Farm...
this isn't a result of show business. It's a result of upbringing. Support her, but be with her 100% of the time.
S/O for the FOLLOW! dat background go hard too lol
aww bestie... I had a blast today.. And diddo..
#freshthursdays and then
S/O nice meeting u yesterday at the Mothers Day event! Stay blessed
#fresh12 loving those shoes on the speaker!
#sincewebeinghonest : Your voice is like the combination of Fergie and Jesus.
Good karma is one of the few things left that you can still get for a dollar.
honey flavored yogurt?
Damn this is a crazy ass game
After due consideration, I think it's safe to say that I hate my job.
Thanks ! Keep suggestions coming! Where should I take my mom in NYC? She's a first timer!
Capes. Edna told you, but you didn't listen, did you, Syndrome? Did you?
Elementary School: Yey Coloring Books! Middle School: WTF Is This . we're Not In 1st Grade . HighSchool: Okk Who The Fuck To My Red Color?!
Matt hunter Matt hunter Matt hunter!
NHL PLAY OF THE DAY - Washington vs Nashville UNDER 5.5 !!! Lock it In !!
no bc the Starlight parade comes behind it. But I promise, it's worth trying. Yesterday 5k #ShamrockRun didn't kill me. :)
So.... The Avengers was a disappointment
What Sport will benefit most from NFL lockout? Hockey? Baseball?...
Where The Fuck is ??
I am worthy. I am enough. I am perfect exactly as I am. As my self love increases, so do my opportunities.
Poised Creation has met many great people in Las Vegas! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Can you believe it! Only 16 DAYS until #Necrocon! So much to do! First time in years I'm doing a costume too! So much fun, can't wait!
An essential aspect of creativity is not being afraid to fail. ~ Edwin Pond
We Like to Party / Let's Get It On mashup?! Lovee it
Appreciate you telling me to switch over...better than the game!
: you don't need Tabasco Ask Donnie about "green stuff".
ONLY 7 Spots Left: www.impactmilwaukee.com !!!
Finishing up some cool original music and mixes for a couple of great PSA TV spots for The American Diabetes Association.
Chilling' on a dirt road = anthem for the barnevald drive
Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
I get the unique impression that I have strep. Ugh. Probably good I didn't go to the Sporting KC game.
trip with to Green Bay a success--
Nate is right. Please stop this RT : Dear red sox, please stop sucking.
New characters have emerged in Book 2 Ardor: Love, thanks for the inspiration mike and sadie! PS They also just got engaged! Congrats!
she is just annoying lol
everyone at beckinfield,,,hello!
Every line of the really great poets is filled with beautifultruth, and calls to all that is high and noble in the human
pet peeve: ppl who don't get the difference b/w web design and development
Work in 25 minutes god NO
congratulations on 21 years guys!!!
lol im not but thanks :)
agreed. what do you and the kids have planned for the holiday weekend?
I wonder who "Paul" was?
You are more than welcome - such a great story! Hope it went well at
Day 40 of 100: I am thankful for my wonderful friends.
If follows me, that'd be the best B-day gift possible <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Fill me up fill me up baby
Laziness FTW!
got my mcdonalds ice coffee craving fulfilled.
id hit on you either way.
Do not wish for an easy life, wish for the strength to endure a diffcult one
Cant wait 4 Skool 2morrow!!!!!!! She looks like sex look it up. Such an aweeeessssoomeee song!!!!!!!!!!!!!:)
Just on the tube with me, Andy Hanshaw, San Diego County Bicycle Coalition Prez. His Bike the Bay - 28th - Across the bridge, round the bay
Today is my birthday!!! Hurry and wish me one before its over!! Please !! Thanks!
If you follow for me I will give you all a shout out :) go!
i got your message! now lets go get wasted and I'll show you how to face plant into a kebab of some church steps!
i did it brings me to gay shit.
"Man's goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished" -Nelson Mandela
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine Oh. My. Gawd. Becky, look at her butt! Tunechi(:
I <U+2665> EDM & want to see Bingo Players FRIDAY at Buchanan's #pickme! .__.
Most in will be working until 67 if not 70. Do you have the education, skills and experience to continue to complete for the long haul?
Yes, would love to talk about it sometime. Your tweets are among my favorites.
Me too girl! RT : this just made me so excited!
oh. Lol. Thought you meant outside
Watching sun rise on east coast... long island beach!!!
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Suck The Clatter - Dance With You (Original Mix)
Today only: Full priced Hot Box & one of our famous TShirts(s-xl) for only $21! B1G1 Sludge Bars! $8 Chef's Choice Dozens! Pickup/Delivery!
Thanks for the follow - higher-ed tech manager here with doctorate in Indonesian lit - eclectic by definition!
I got passion in my pants and i aint afraid to show it..i'm sexy and i know it.
RT Giving my mom () a Twitter tutorial and showing her so she can find other techy nerds!
I'm not like all the rest. I'm not. And until you stop treating me like I am, this is pointless.
(224)-63-GO-NOW make sure you leave a message
Technology=2-edged sword. Asking teachers 2 chnge wht they 'know', and commit 2 new technology is russian roulette (2 a teacher)
David Stern just told the press that #Kentucky had to win by 25 or else none of them could enter the Draft.
Very classy I must say.
Yes the sunshine is nice. It's going to be 70+ degrees here today. Welcome Spring! :)
way cool can't wait to check it out
Of course we did! ;)
I Cried When my O.G smoked my weed
Meet me in Los Angeles in July? :D <3
Visit www.sternmanagement.com and there you will find wonderful apartments at great prices! :)
- i really like your article -- we are at a wonderful time in the history of women - thanks...DJ
wtf , i loved her!! How she die ?
hi my name is carl~
I haven't had an E of Chicago pizza. What side of town are they on? I'm here in Hilliard and Luigi's is old favorite, different.
Is almond milk better for you?
If you can get her fans to call n during our radio show on Thurs from 8 to 10pm, we will do it for free.
Kitchen Bootcamp Roundup – Grilling, Broiling, Roasting, and ...
Good morning world!! Thanking god for another day<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>!!!
It's a jeans-kinda-Friday today, thanks to our awesome Business Development/Member Services team!
I have seen the future, and I can safely say that 2012 is one year higher than 2011.
I love this woman! "Think about the consumer! Don't forget there's a human being there."
The trolls are out heavy tonight. Guess they feel emboldened.
ALL of my contacts were somehow erased from my phone .... ? Bloop! What up Verizon? Trying to test my numeric memorizational skills?
how old are you mr wiz?
dm's ... Please check & reply..
sweet a #northeastern grad was arrested for plotting terrorist attacks.
Sorry we didn't have more time to chat! Thanks for coming and hope to see you again soon.
in your webinar now!! I'm hoping to learn more!
I would delete u off Facebook but I want u to despise my happiness<3
Happy St. Patty's! Hope your beer is as green as ours.
We have to read The Hunger Games for our summer reading shit. FUCK YES
Heading to the career fair today? Tweet with #RITCF. Direct questions/comments to and get updates from
it was a risky bet made with their own $. By Dimon coming out so early in the quarter should quite pundits down at quarter end
Physical therapy tomorrow. Get better soon, knee!
Great anointed artist such as Mook of Ruff Ryders, Stephanie Courtney, Chessie chaney, D'Shawn...etc got ta bless the stage Angel Style
That reminds me … it's 's turn with the shaker tonight. I'm going to relax … with my ice-hoard.
turning #thebig14 In 2 days(: sending you a birthday gift(:
Why does need to research things that industry can do for itself? Industry might do the investment--- *Eventually*
I'm taking Tupac's advice and keeping my head up.
What kinda new stuff would you like to see us do?!? Talk to us!
RT : We are off to Detroit to jam the Jazz Cafe @ Music Hall Center for the Performing Arts tonight 8pm! Wish us luck Columbus!!
Hey late night tweeters, our music video drops in two days! Hope you're ready!
Just finishing up in the studio headed to the crib BANGAS ON DECK
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp left the game against the Rockies during the 3rd inning due to a hamstring injury.
It doesn't sound like there was anything suspicious about it other than it was left unattended.
Cheerleading: Canby also set to hire Karlie Richardson - 06 CHS grad - as new head coach to replace Crystal Corona, pending board approval.
Law school? Meet UM Carey Law’s Admissions Ofcr tomorrow Sept. 21st from 1130am-245pm @ Binghamton in the Univ. Union-Old Union
It's sad to see bad things happen to good people. . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Check out my and for golf and boxing info.
Learn how to
I go to play my 360 an the batteries in the controller are dead
The average repair at Car Crafters takes between 3 and 5 days depending on the amount of damage and the availability of parts.
I wonder if Yahoo can return him and get a full refund. Maybe from Paypal.
That's awesome Pat I'll try them all out. Do you do a lot of development in Chrome?
So yeah i'll be gone for a week. I'll miss you guys <3 ( group hug ) lol. Enjoy the Boyfriend video :)
Ha, I wish it were a stranger.
Closing in on hour 14... Do I hear 15?! 15?! Anybody, 15?! Going once, going twice...
No Zee, wasn't sure what I would be walking into today. Never been in this court house (thank goodness).
. e-mail is back online.
Thanks for the RT, Dan. EXPATS!! :-)
There are 2 days, 71 hours, and 4289 minutes left until kickoff! Let us know where you will be sitting or where you will be watching from!
completely forgot gills stupid project is due tomorrow
Skipping to Long Beach Pride festival!
Bitch you stank.
Tell me about it! I watch every night and he has never once given me the courtesy of a reach around!
Seriously. It's freakin' everywhere.
Patience is also a form of action. ~Auguste Rodin
The one I have is a bit larger, serrated, with a forked end for coring/hulling. Great for strawberries, among other things.
I hate when I get a hiccup when I'm singing...
Lololol I know Rochester film festival u have to go there once in life time. Amazing fest.
The world is a asshole and I'm the next big shit
#3WordsForYou One Direction Sucks.
you put the wrong twitter name, luvky i saw it(; and yes i will(:
I've been giving that a lot thought. Met a guy recently that sold some software he wrote. Sitting pretty now. Got any ideas?
Kinda hoping for a heel turn for my buddy
Re-recorded. Whew.
agreed. it's newly launched. but it seems #CRE would need a residential component to make it on Pinterest.
sorry we missed you. Are you still in town? We could make plans to meet. Let me know.
oh it is! come visit! ;-)
Your customers leave home w/ 3 things: keys, purse/wallet & a smartphone phone. Texts have a 95% read rate.Text: 916-420-6020 to learn more
I know, you know it's funny it seems like the girls digged me when I went to McDonalds for dinner in my Tuxedo
Can u still buy mega millions tickets?
Adventure day with ! Quick bfast at Webbs then off to Cave of the Mounds and a stop in Madison for dinner!
Congrats to on their win! Bring on the UNC Tar Heels!
sounds good, bringing and/or ?
I wish delivered... I need some right now lol #StupidTests #Hungry #INeedFood :(
#S/O to my ever so gorgeous wife === === everybody follow up AsAp hurry GO Go go!!!
Awesome to see you, my friend! =D How are you?
Xtina sounds good but looks like a blonde Snookie
See if you can get #TweetForJillandBrit trending. Definitely get points for creativity.
The dude who lives next to me is going to pound town
I dug that movie too - also really liked VIcky Cristina Barcelona
Yo sexy, I got something for ya but can't figure out how to up load..
RT It's snowing in Houston! The most amazing sight and probably the best day I've had this year. #housnow [#HIWI]
Q2 How have you used face to face networking for creating collaborative teams and opportunities?
hahaha I haven't heard that name in awhile.....Are you coming out for opening day?
Summer hits of the 90s is not disappointing right now. #np "Men in Black"
There is nothing more important to true growth than realizing that you are not the voice of the mind–you are the one who hears it.M.A.Singer
Madisen sick too. Hope you get better soon, sorry :(
calln you today
I WOULD!
Just found out a little about 's mom. She pronounces LinkedIn with 3 syllables
any ideas about the academic researcher - practitioner divide (or lack thereof) in UX research? please let me know your thoughts!
What advances in AR are you looking forward to most?
I have the same problem, I call it my "natural bitch face" I always look pissed off! My mouth is naturally shaped like a frown :(
Tourists taking pix with the nypd in times square?
Thanks for the info! Looking forward to conversing with you in 2011! DM not available until you follow back.
pretty AVI boo.
Welcome to the official Twitter page for All But Serious!
Just caught myself saying "yoink" as I pulled something off the grocery store shelf.
RT #mexico iPad won't miss a beat in 2012 despite competition from new Kindle Fire and ... - TabTimes: TabTimes iPad won't miss...
I miss you, too! Come to town soon!
Shared storage, no studies on cost benefits for deducing in compact storage facilities RR question
Them saucy niggas.
a healthy baby girl, my supportive family, and God's grace
O live for the hulk
"To see what is right and and not do it is cowardice." Quaint, dated phrase from Confucius. He didn't work at a university, obviously. : )
Were you at our Pennsylvania dinner last night with ? Tweet us your takeaways from the discussion.
Just had an #auctiondraft for #fantasybaseball and must say it's 10x better, even doing it online. That said, it takes hours to finish....
Too bad Jonah Hill still looks bad... Wear clothes that fit your new body and not just ones that you can button.
#humpday ,ohhcheaa, sexiest day of the week (y)
Bus trip update. Almost to Baltimore. Half of Pat's cheesesteak gone. Next to Ethiopian child, so plenty of room in my seat.
vermetian subs: saad (rookie) for bravo w/ 2 min to go in a tie game; olums debut fr arnaud when preserving biggest W of yr.
I will never understand how you can be up front with someone and they still just don't get it!!!
More obnoxious with the mouth guard... Kyle "Ashton Kutcher" Korver or Patrick Kane?
Marcus Mosiah Garvey, the original MMG.
when it's TVD coming back?
SMOKE UP JOHNNY!
yea.... i smashed that
/ concert tonight at !!
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them" - Walt Disney
Is there a #When tacked onto the end of the date or some such thing that's stamping it down to the second?
#FF Our friends at
Lots of Days of Thunder chatter on Kurt Busch's radio.
At The Brooklyn.... Seattle.
norv has "confidential photos" of high ranking execs
Gone off this drink feelin good just chillin until later xoxo(b)
dont be talking about me in your tweets.
thank you! Day 9 today. Please stay tuned!
Hella excited to go to the spot and get yumi yogurt tonight!
cool! I've been at home being yelled at for nothing! :/
Where that bitch Nene at?! On #glee wtf!
& what type is that
Dont Feel Bad Orlando! New York & Chicago Will Be Joining You VERY SOON!
St. Patty's Day TOMORROW. Doors open at 10am $4 car bombs $3 shots of irish whiskey plenty o' cheap green beer, irish stew and corned beef
Hendrix hates the rain. Peed/Pooped in lightning speed. Get it? MnWx
Come see us today at Lennar Homes (404 Falcon Lane Leander, Tx) from 2p-4p! Heather Rivera and the promo team will be giving out great...
aww goodness, I wish I could! It feels like it has been years since i've seen your beautiful face :) How was your final?!
To compete is your bondage; to create, your freedom. ~ Hamdan-Adan -Ismail
One Day when I tweet...I'll get paid too
I had an amazing evening !!! Kevin & his team have such an amazing philosophy & approach to literacy in Chicago....
Hopefully they play godzilla
Yes. I think most folks on Texas should come with subtitles.
TEE GEE EYE EFF once again everyone!
don't forget to schedule as a wkd patio brunch Dj's too!
Red card for the ginger ninja
hahaha just straight up tell him how much of an idiot he is
I know what you mean Professor! it's been almost 20 years since I've gone to an event w/ credentials. Big difference - lol
Bigg Weezy on U stream Comedy by the Slice in Hermosa Beach
ahahahhaa im eating candy so i stay up late . hehehhehehe . hi
salad trembling in bowls held by laughing women
On My Way Baq To The Mil
If u can tear urself away from a Gyros u HAVE 2 try our chzburger!1/3lb patty w/ grilled onions, ketchup & Tzatziki sauce on a sesame bun
they should. Always know the language of your enemies.
- Happy Birthday!
In the still of the night, I can't tell if it's cloudy or bright.... no, that can't be right...time for my beauty sleep. Z
this job... "did you happen to find any illegal substances in the bathroom this morning" uh, no?
RIP Justin Ehni. I'll miss you, buddy. You were a great friend.
She fina bust his ass now. Nh.
lack of pass rush killed the #Packers was not resigning Jenkins that much of a loss?
we have a month before submissions close and we've loved using your service. thanks for a wonderful experience!
to my peeps follow my dog
Only #3Days left #Boyfriendvideo my ovaries are going to explode justin. Only #3Days ican wait..ahh naah who am I kidding I can't to hyped<3
U trying to steal my keys this ain't no piano
Looks like someone had bitchflakes for breakfast this morning....
the afternoon is filled with sounds of Dre, Jay-Z, and the Beastie Boys.
<3 RT : What I have does not determine who I am..
"Life is PERFECT :)" fixed! ;)
I'm exhausted and somehow managed to get in bed at 8:45. That my friends is winning.
hahaha that's great. And yupp you thought right. I've never had that problem :)
Driving. Thirsty. Found a water bottle rolling around my car with a few sips left. How bad could it be? Yuk.
I pledge allegiance RT : I'm declaring war on bullshit
oh Im not heart broken lol...just word of advice =)
generally would have zero interest in any game that doesn't involve the buckeyes but i will definitely be watching this one
you're email address that you're using to do this, has been submitted to the owners of this site, and you will be shut down!
did your color change during or after pregnancy maybe?
Making the rounds on #MothersDay provides me the opportunity to catch up on all the great analog TV channels I've been missing.
Operation #15 Hanging by a thread
I hate waiting! This date is taking forever! Who goes on a date at so late anyways lol
Patience Is A Virtue. Patience Is Looking Like Halle Berry Right Now
That awkward moment when straight girls follow me on tumblr...
Q5: ...we'll think again and realize how silly that notion is.
Thought so. Tell him thanks!
When I see my polo scarf around the neck of whoever stole it. Just know that you will be strangled with it.
working and catching up on our dvr, then packing for Cinci!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you wake up and you can't talk, then you realize you have to work today and your job is answering phones
But back to the other guy. Right now, id just like to be good friends with again (:
Bending the rules of videoconferencing by adding movable tables and chairs to our Center's distance learning classroom. Pics soon.
I'm sorry I feel asleep... Omg I didn't know !!!
ESPN's Todd McShay has Skins taking Bradford.
They should rename ash Wednesday to " people walk around with dirty foreheads day"
Oh ur the REAL JACKPOT! MegaMillions aint got nothing on U! > ": Having a woman like Khrystina is like having a fortune"
Is okay, because probably 60% of dads watch games! Both are multi-tasking. :)
Good night with :)
whoop! I keep it G, lol.
Oracle's Ellison in advanced talks to buy Memphis Grizzlies
I guess that is what yall do up in Lubbock.
I do it because I CAN BOOM!!!!!!!
White t shirt gang.
remember #whenitwascoolto scrunch you hair..
Just tried to SoundHound a Uum Kulthum song to remember to buy her stuff a d it came back as Burl Ives -Frosty the Snowman. Wow, again.
Arrons done. Time to get this studying out the way. Might as well bust my ass these last 2 days.
I'm thirsty, not as in " Imma talk every female I see even tho she don't want me" type thirsty but as in " I need some water " type thirsty.
Why am I still up? I have to get up early and it's going to be torture.
Your graphic looks way better. Next time, I won't get mine off "Shane's dragon blog" :)
babysitting but literally watching tv and that's what I guess white people call babysitting & I'm good with that. :) easy money!
Now I understand..
that is good hockey right there. can't wait for the playoffs to start. best/toughest sport there is.
batting glove
Check Out
Rocked it out last night in North Palm Beach's Hibiscus Grill and Sushi Bar...what a great crowd. My 'Whitney" tribute was cool(:
Spicy? I'll take it! Thanks, baby. Happy New Year to ya!
See? Easy. Incidentally , you can thank me later. I expect the check in the mail and the FULL amount this time.
that stunt she pulled damn near scarred me for life with the whole trusting shit...
New topic - E620
Giving up pessimism and alcohol for lent... What's everyone else giving up?
That one song that always makes you dance. No matter what
Yeah, it really looked great...and you know my standards! ;-) We should work on something together.
Hi depends on the show but Broadway goes on sale 6-8 wks b4 the show's in town. Our eClub(free) gets 1st offer to buy tix!
About on my way to a possible new life
At this point of Anime Blog Tournament, majority of the time, I am voting for what amounts to be the losing blog, which I don't care.
Yes! Heard about it. TY so much. I value ur input b/c have gr8 respect 4 u.
i hope you had fun at six flags:)
I would love that! I miss all of you guys so much.
"So what are you going to do on Easter if he's Jewish"
RT : It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness
Thanks Nicole. You guys were all great. The fans loved it, another successful WTHR umbrella night at the Pacers game!
Happy Chinese new year to all our Somaphonites and dragon aficionados celebrating! :)
haha yeah I am now reaping the consequences of not applying myself lol.
Last day of classes! Time flies when you're molding minds.
you'll be the first to know ;)
"Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison." - H.D. Thoreau
I'm knocking on your door tomorrow! ima get me some food lol
My wife's a hottie.
It's picture week here at Stop by, smile wide, say cheese!
Shouldn't you?
"Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the year" - All those things we put off for the next day or don't properly schedule add up.
I hope no babies are created after you play this song
Obama is getting pretty thirsty for votes..?
you have to admit, is on a roll tonight!
Eight legged freaks > love this movie
Skiiers rejoice...I-70 has reopened
Im glad my brain took over my heart..
If you haven't tweeted since 2009, I just unfollowed you. If you are still here, and are sad, let me know.
Glad to be part of it! MT : We are so glad to support the cause! Because #ItGetBetter!
I KNOW! I'M GONNA DIE.
Follow 4 follow
lol i am
I actually have two families. My beautiful family. And my beautiful Swifties<3
Seattle, about to head in for a 12 hour shift at Children's Hospital....
I know right!
We love it too! Keep sending the feedback. What's your favorite part?
Well, that's a good reason. I'm always getting spammed
“: RT : Patty & I are going over your Twitter 101 slides >I can't take credit, thank ” u sent to her
but it's cool, id rather be weird than normal anyway
Cuz I just wanna live my life & party .
Opening session underway at #SNIPSummit. PetsMART Charities & ASPCA discussing their support of spay/neuter & Humane Alliance.
I felt my first earthquake! It was kind of scary/kind of fun waking up at 3 or 4am to a shaking bed. Everything is okay, though! No worries.
“: i Want a Supafreak ;)”
Listening to Young Jeezy while studying for an exam will instantly make you feel more prepared, the man is an idiot.
are you still up here?
The fat has been trimmed from our first Kickstarter project. Let's see if we can raise $4000 in 45 days. It launches Tuesday!
Very true - many people that I actively engage with on Twitter, I met in real life, first.
where is the cocktail party? Is it open to registered attendees?
Thanks - I'll send shortly... DM means direct message
I sincerely apologize for any hearts broken or tossed asunder.
Shorty Wanna Fuck Me I Say Get On Top n Rollercoast
can't wait for your concert in chicago tomorrow nath! it WILL be amazing and i expect a hug :) xx
lol y'all still fawning over her?
#LightMasters Number 13 by "My grandparents are watching some black @ white movie older than my underwear."
UPDATE: We are on at 3...hang tight!
The booth is right next to the cupcake station at tonight's bridal show.
hahaha no i was so close!
Where do I sign up for a class where I sit behind a Zumba class and just watch?
<3 u back
I'll make you one, but then it will likely come from a box.
TKF students learned about recycling today on our EDCO tour.
#Patriots, cheaters NEVER win! Congratulations, #Giants!!!!
T Woods in great shape on 18. It's Sunday!
VDOT reports that Chain Bridge will be closed today from 9:30 am to 2:30 pm. Please use alternate routes.
We goin hard like 500pd gold brick
I love #scandal - when will they say if it is renewed?
i will see then in concert this friday november 4 in houston , tx . so do you like the old GNR or new GNR
Go out and make a difference today.
Drinking my last Wee Heavy Scotch Ale
dont forget to tell your friends to follow us! monday were choosing a random follower that has been promoting us! <3 xoxo
Interested in a unique POV on social media? Meet ... Int'l social media extraordinaires! Great team!
I'm up and in lobby now if u wanna bring Ur stuff over. It's right outside door next to Atlantis vid arcade.
Bummed that I missed last night's debate.
No one cares about basetball
Class start Monday at UT. We're getting ready for a massive fall issues of Vicious Music Mag! Thanks for sticking with us!
Great job on the mobile app for this year's fest! Amazing lineup too!
Kind staff at hotel made me a toiletries bag and sent me to my room with a glass of champagne. Day is brightening!
LOL I WAS GONNA CORRECT YOU BUT I FIGURED ID LET TYSAN LOLOLOL
Yes. I'm an outside reader (obviously) for this one.
I was just on your site today. Looks like you have a pretty good season coming up!
I land at 520
the nuggets are taking a huge dump all over the lakers right now. oh well! game 4!
Teaching Johnson's Idler #31, "On Idleness," in the last week of semester, feels just right.
ill go as far to say womens sports > baseball
so fancy..lol
Tick Tock Photo starts our Weddings at $400.00. That is for 3 hours of shooting, all photos edited, a CD and all rights!
you rocked tonight at the #BlackCat in #DC this eve! I will pay for your quotes on the #tramp stamp!
W/e happened to referring to anything crazy as 'Pulling a Jenny' circa 2005'?
Cleaning the house getting ready for the week
Hey, it's a realistic Halloween cruise!
It was cute!
RE: 127 Hours -- my son said it perfectly, "Just watch the last 15 minutes to find out everything you need to know."
You're the best I've had
thank you!!
Thank you Pastor Janeen. It was truly an "epic" shoot!!
I need someone different
BLURB OF THE YEAR. Throw up the devil horns! WOO!
I would love to contribute to the body mechanics of massage research
where the party at
CT scan probably "best" test for Chronic Sinusitis
A2 staff have technical knowledge, volunteers have passion so hybrid can work - also never hurts to have more eyes to review!
1234 soon as you walk thru the door Countin 56789 one million thoughts quick hit my mind !
If I were Morgan Spurlock, I would make a movie where people on Burning House actually have to carry all that stuff out of a burning house.
When someone says "everything happens for a reason" I'd like to smack them and say "yeah, I guess you're right"
Wow stupid spam in my inbox #word .
#Podhbcu brief daily writing sessions - even 5 minutes each day – results in increased writing productivity AND IMAGINATION
that moment that makes you feel awesome because you sang a song that you haven't heard for about 2 years or more XD or just a very long time
Pickup Line: What do you say we go back to my crib and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply
did you have fun in NOLA??
That is beautiful! I picked a venue. It's a castle!
yea it's kinda like finding out the human eyeballs in the haunted houses are just boiled eggs
Verdict in trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, accused of manslaughter in Michael Jackson's death, to be read at 4 p.m. ET
Quack.. Quack.. RT Just Ducky Tour blocking my traffic. Urge to kill rising.
#followfriday Taylor Christian Jones - photographer for Alabama
#QuestionsIGetALot why are you such a bitch?
air them out sweetie. Nothing wrong w commando
sounds good!
Bagels from Bodos had a very low seed count yesterday.
Was checking out your Twitter stream, seems like you're having fun. I am in Paris and Madrid (3rd to 9th Nov), u around?
good point. Thinking of how much IT has changed in 18 months...the iPad only came out 2 years ago!
Realistic solution to save the global economy is for the Chinese to invest in debt ridden nations with their vast cash reserves.
awee its ok, I feel the same way </3
It's snowing in Pittsburgh, yeah!
you have nothing better to do than monitor the bathroom habits of coworkers?
WTF JUST HAPPEN....THIS A FLASH BACK OF MIAMI GAME FROM YESTERDAY WITH MARIO CHALMERS....SMDH!!!
"He has risen!" Happy Easter!!!
what news? Good news?
In Austin! Pretty quiet here at ufo so far.
SHOUT OUT TO !!!!' really awesome directioner... And tweets are amazing! :) xx
Just found a great play writing seminar in Madison. Now I just got to figure out a place to stay.
just woke up n playin with tini
lovely here this afternoon, thanks! And you?
News Flash: Old dog learns new trick! RT : OMG, about to blow away his Windoze partition!
it's amazing man, haven't pumped the breaks since well before SXSW, good to relax a little bit, miss my people tho man! Hbu?
Von Trier. Ogbh. Best Place @ Pabst of its open.
Turkey trot reg, car detail and hair do. I'm pumping money back into the #Cleveland economy today, man!
I'll do it when you're least expecting it....
If her age is on a clock, she's too young for you bro
You rock dude!
Hey Ladies.. If you a Dime Piece, but can't keep a Man.. That means yo Coochie is Wack!
Met all the boys just now with my girl !!!
let's keep in mind that this was not a win to brag about.
Now following I need a #vegas trip asap!
ha! No they are wearing black today. Could still be the problem...
Telling me that Google Plus added a cover photo is like telling me the Sears Catalog switched to soy ink. Don't care, never will.
Just thinking...when will a woman be the feature guest at the #whcd?
what football team r u cheering for this weekend
attended a brainstorm session about bicycle burlesque last night. smart women are so kewl. shall i perform?
I love cool nights when you can raise your windows & get some fresh air...then you realize your neighbor is burning his trash.
Do you even know what a condom is? I know you have cable there's a lot of commercials...
haha, close to my real initials silly! NCD :)
Show tomorrow with ! Come out Whittier.
I'm mature haha
Thank you! I like being out of my element - so many photo ops in new places.
Um. Yes please.
Got your FB message, so joining here!
Daniel is like a pesky little gnat
Almost any company why?
This is how I feel... RT Good riddance to TV. Sad people lose jobs, but that network was atrocious.
Don't be late to class tonight - no excuses!
And Jesus rose with all power on the 3rd day. Happy Easter.
Is everything OK? I haven't gotten anything from the press in a while.
Why are so many people tweeting about David Beckham ?
RT : Now that commencement's rolling around, we want to know: What's the #bestadvice to give to recent college grad?
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
For sure! Love you! Any chance that you'll be singing something from RENT on Glee? Maybe even with Lea? Thanks so much. :-)
The greatest men sometimes overshoot themselves, but then their very mistakes are so many lessons of instruction. Tom Browne
u guys were amazin tonite on kca ! wish i could see u in concert one day ! <3
meant to say "glad you received it!" Hah! :)
Liars..phonies..frauds...dickriders...gets NO RESPECT from me
why did you put yes ?
Some cans would be awesome! How are the book sales coming along? (ps this is Megan :)
Another thing to add to my bad Tuesday... Diall is trending.
Just a few days amidst the neon with friends. Be well.
I want to take the time to thank god for waken me on this beautiful day. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Are you currently attending the 2011 #eclsummit in Austin? If so, what was your favorite part of Day 1?
Yeah it was Dillard that got hit by back to back lefties. Still should only be one ROOGY in the pen
Yes sounds like a plan.
Yep... RT , how would y'all feel bout opening for a rock band? Lol.
Watching #RedState. Now to find out why everyone was hating on my homies film.
every alpha needs an omega
I'm giving in. Does anyone have a invite?
Oh, PubMed. Why must you go and change every time I'm about to do a new video tutorial?
''Seesumbaagee votes for Seesumbaagee." --Seesumbaagee's assistant, "Pirates At World's End"
Feelin like frosted flakes =p
You gotta spend your last dime before you ever make a million
I kinda miss school?!
I got u lol
Louis Freeh testifying at MF Global Senate hearing
did they? They love the pedo lol “: hey Lauralee n Amanda came n saw me at work tonight lol”
hope u can make it!
where u planning to train this summer?
Maybe there's an alt Turing test here? MT : Still light years from being a Sam Malone
Remember when Brandon Jacobs trucked that guy then stepped on his chest? Me. RT : Feel like I'm playing Madden!
Sure! We can do aprons.
This game is pissing me off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
The Grizz would've given the Spurs major matchup issues. Remember last year?
Leadership is knowing the difference between teaching and telling.
- better sign up for June's Dealer Day today!
Dogs are mad because I made them go outside
Not bland. Subtle. Not boring. Subtle. Not meaningless. Subtle.
I won't wear the dress, Trog. It's itchy and un-American. I don't care if it's a funeral. --Clay
How do you jay walk down westheimer and get mad at someone cause you almost got ran over lmao
congrats you deserve it<333
cant wait to go to prince royce concert in march
some day… Art Basel will be a trip for me… but for now I remain chained to my Mac!
“Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world.” ~ Howard Zinn
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!!
email and ask for it.
Who wants to go on flock?(:
So who else is in town still?
RT: Be connected!! Scripture warns against facing life alone & being prideful! > A S K = (A)sk (S)eek (K)nock -Matthew 7:7
Good morning
i was just looking at that list! tir na nog is normally a pretty good spot.. wanna start there and we can move around if we want
On the agenda for tonight, #Avengers at !
Absolutely loved the Artist. The silence is not used as a gimmick. It was great.
Half Price Bottle Wine Tonight!
slow internet will be the end of my internet life.
Movies like that make me cringe. No therapist should even think of doing that.
I meant hw. Gosh. You're not invited to that part of my life.
I love K Wood but it's time. I respect his loyalty & dedication to the Cubs though. Others could learn from that.
tonight hip house at pink elephant nyc:)
Tyrion for Pres. 2012 RT : game of thrones yes! I finally broke down and got HBO when season two started
You must be really bored. Do you understand Spanish?
Weyler: We need more available editions of early American novels that challenge dominant conceptions of womanhood. They exist.
i love your song 'boyfriends back' and instantly fell inlove when i heard it, i absolutely adore you style
Just finished running 7 miles at griffith park... way too hot, i am happy to be home!
Sure. LMFAO. Weirdo.
All that hype for Instagram, and I never even used it
Thursday Dodge Ball leagues are now forming @ Ultimate Sports Center, Columbus Ohio. Please visit us @ www.CapitalCitySports.com 4 details!
hah I miss skyping with you
I've managed to make today one of the laziest days in history.
It's going to be Christmas soon! Hehehe! Be sure to spread the word! ;)
Tonight, Chef Chris Foster of shows us how to prepare mussels & an insanely delicious gnocchi dish. 7pm, WLAE-TV Ch. 14 or 32.
Today in Literary History: On May 11, 1942 William Faulkner's GO DOWN, MOSES (a collection of short stories) was published.
Tonight, join us at 6pm at the Herring Run Branch of the to see the newest films from
Spotting a rat in NY is like spotting a squirrel in LA.
n reality all these hoes r jus loose ends
Im going 2 stop working hard 4 my money, Im going 2 have my money work hard 4 me!!!
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul
The expendables
#np - bite my tongue by yma6
Reason 17 to love the BBA: We have pretty street banners that we collectively worked hard to get!
Psalm 86:11-13 is giving me life right now! God's love towards me is great& He has delivered me from the depths of the grave.
When james got the and1 miller hit us with that pelvis thrust hard lmfao
recommends! “: Had an iced coffee and it was good! You must try one right this minute!”
Hey,dirty baby I got cha money
so many followers^-^
I know Ty and I coming down one weekend to visit family!!! We gotta go out one night!!!
Finally got my presentation out of the way. I sucked but whateva
thanks for the help anyways. i appreciate it! havent been to the store in a while, i'll have to swing by sometime soon
Be Safe Sacramento, Use a Taxi if you are going to drink! 916-501-8171 J's Taxi of Sacramento
Hey got any El Anatsui? Might have a collaboration project for summer??
yeah it is!!! i added you!!!
Thanks to all those who helped us hit the 200 mark on facebook :)
Just had a conversation over the phone with a 23 month old.
North Carolina....Embarrassing
“: #FF and thankful 4 true friends Same Here!!
My Dad lives in MoVal. What you doing out there?
Having trouble adding people to follow for some reason. Anybody else having trouble with this?
Waiting for formal notification of Mali feasibility study grant. Going to Mali Q3 of 09.
"Style is primarily a matter of instinct." -Bill Blass
WeLoveJoBros Because they are freaking amazing :))) Love <3
This other kid starts singing "I want Ms. Chatman to READD the book."
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: Toshiba Thrive 10.1-Inch 16 GB Android Tablet
Our website is pretty much done, just waiting on a few things to come together before we go live!
Oh how I love a sequence in which a young girl is encouraged to cheer on the objectification of her mother.
harcdore creeping on sexxy ass boys >>>>>
This guy on the Spurs' Facebook post saying there's "Resentment between Pop and the players". The hell are you talking about? We are not ORL
I desperately need to get my hair done
Gotta love !! I only pay $88/month for FULL COVERAGE, with $0 Deductable, AND a renters policy!!
All you moms on Detroit, have a awesome Mother's Day!
Goonies never say die.
...and a fabulous happy hour :)
"The oil industry does not own the sun, so the use of #Solar energy has not been opened up."
These ppl who live above me are really stressing me out. What is all this walking around about at this time of night. **grabs broom**
if someone starts playing Rhinestone Cowboy I am going to be pissed & probably have to finish the 2nd bottle of
FACT: Adults ages 30-45 take on more caregiver responsibilities as they raise own families & pursue careers.
GO FOLLOW NOW
Dwyane brought LeBron to Miami to do all the heavy lifting while simultaneousely being the permanent scapegoat.
On the ground in Boston!
yes I'm in but how do I give the photo?
Whether it's Yoga, Photography, or anything, focus, and let your light shine.
Calling all writers- building our website on LD...If you have an article &can share, contact
Woo! We have screaming babies errywhere and it's finals weekend. But hey, I'm getting out of a wedding shower, so...worth it?
what if its funny?
Mariano Rivera you were one of my favorite players and one of the best players of all time. Get well soon!
The USA is still a populist country.
sorry I can't be at the grand opening! If anyone is in NOLA, you must visit McClure's.
Stressed. Should be sleeping, but there's too much on my mind.
my lil sis is coming!!!!!!!!! make sure there is room in da car!!!
Good choice Radio 104 and congrats Allyson!
How do you ask a girl out? Open the door and yell at her until she leaves. lol lol I love Corey Matthews.
Pretty excited for the weekend. :)
Eagles are my #1 ranked Defense this week. I could intercept John Skelton
could you please follow me..
i hope follows me she is so talented and so gorgeous :)
Auntie M! Auntie M!! *spins around in a circle* It's a Twitterstorm!
they probably just like us because we're really nice people! :D
What will I do without Ketchup
every single directioner on Instagram is crying their eyes out over ! What happened?
let's go check out lacma's 'under the big black sun' sometime next week. we can stop by occupy la on the way.
having long hair for the day is so wierd O.o
Really wish Ja Rule would make a comeback
I agree steve, the iphone bores me to death too.
no chance. low minor pro hockey almost dead in this state. NAHL could prob coexist w/ Stars but the only rink just closed
Apparently a superhero this guys impersonates when he is drunk.
www.tweetiator.com alerts you in real time when people share links to your content on Twitter and lets you follow and message them!
thank you for the re-tweet
The principal amount is not exchanged between counterparties, rather, interest payments are exchanged based on a “notional amount”
you can be my friend. (: teehee.
it's a great day
Amen. What's metadata? FRBR, now that I learned. Oyf.
RT : It's true! The World's Best Cheddar is naturally 100% lactose free. Enjoy! RT for real? lactose free cheese?
Not a good day for packers.
A reason not to love the NHL Playoffs: having to watch hockey.
i'm bulletproof,nothing to lose.
Amalia Alarcon talking re: her involvement in the Equity technical adv group
About to play The Camp House in Chattanooga, TN with ! Chatty folks, come out!
Eager to jam with our new bassist!
Thank You All #FF Peace & Love...
Her pr date has blue and white in his hair.
You and Jesus Barbie lead such busy lives. :)
Had a great auditioning workshop with last night! I found it very insightful to learn from a director's perspective.
Let us take care of dinner this evening, come get a Grassfed Beef 'Spring Fling' or a Brown Butter Rabbit 'Easter Bunny'! Open 'til 8!
Wow this E-40 song has a Bjork sample. I like!
Nice --> RT Oh great. Out of all days of the year for a CNN interview. Friday the 13th? For serious?
Thank you so much Pam!
She can kiss my black ashy ass! RT : I told you to be quiet dude now you're gonna get it
Oh my god, what is that smell?... oh right. The baby.
RT ":*Mom calls your name*Yeah?*silence* Yeah!*silence*What?!?!?!*silence*Wtf *sighs and gets up to go see what she wanted*"
or you could just wise up and follow the right people...
wow the Blue Jays killed the Yankees tonight. well that's really cool
I would have to agree. Holly's talent is unreal.
thanks Miri - Rick
Gears are turning. Big announcements coming soon including dates for volunteer information sessions and registration! Stay tuned!
Thanks for the follow! What type of investing do you do?
If your nothing but negative , you life is always going to be negative .
Congratulations to the first 12 Associate Members of Lambda Chi Alpha at #AmericanU! A Lifetime of #TRUEbrotherhood lies ahead!
Wow! We saw SO MANY talented people this week... We've got some really hard decisions to make!
Going tanning never fails to relax me
be safe Rick.
wow u guys messed up... Of course ur gonna pick the crying fat kid?
When will you be in Chicago?
roger that. will take a look. do you have any design in mind?
In This California King Bed
Ditto! “: So glad I got to visit during #aam2012 !
thanks! The story's on wctv I think.
Christmas at my Sitty's house <U+E022><U+E033>
Awful news. I'm still in shock. “: did you hear that Craig Cornett had passed?”
I know I talk to you before
I regretted alot of things in my life,but I learned to live with it,it was the pass know this is present!
I meant did u get my Em Address?
Congrats to Turkish Thunder, Ersan Ilyasova on being named the Eastern Conference Player of the Week.
you already know. SUPER BOWL!!!
currently I am working on a proposal for work. complementing Sam on blogonsisters.com
you know that's your baby first :)
Lindsay Lohan Gets a Li 'l Catty for Court In not-so-shocking news, Lindsay Lohan returned to court this morning. This is the umpteent
Love unconditional tho the hate is visiable , visibily rise like D-Rosen with the lyrical ...
Love my books, they teach us to enjoy life. Or to endure it.
The social network
how did you feel about cena gettin the F5??
Don't Panic! Tips from Safe Kids USA - Story at www.southfloridaalerts.com
anytime hunny bee ^.^
Great highlights on the news tonight!
Man, the nuthouse is rocking
Vibe'n to my old show music from back when I was 18, Damn that shit was live . . Wit the bro
Let me know next time. We'll ride side by side in Duel stereo LOL
Stop trolling.
Mention me # teamfollowback I follow-back
When wearing Under Armour, pause and ask: Was it provided to me by a team or school I play for? If not, take it off because you look silly.
but hes not famous right???? Do u know him???
Certainly. I mean no one shld directly ask people to beat others up, but that indeed is not the accepted definition for some
I didn't follow you back because I didn't want to see your ugly ass on my TL
That's incredible!! WOW! You're still in Md. on the HistoryMakers, right?
Back in NYC!
Why does the library always smell like a hamster cage?
no need for all that drama, esp on Twitter. If someone upsets you that much thats what the block button is for.
nor does it mean that his explanation is necessarily correct.
standing in the sugarpit line waiting on #in yourhands to start. Lets get this city a Rocking!
watching criminal minds and tweeting!:)
"Obesity will crush the United States in oblivion." - overheard on the television.
your dumb, end of story.
Hello 1st time I saw your smiling face today, hope you had a fun Maine filled weekend!
wants to see tour.
#bmaengage needs to provide a table for speaker's water
i know, everything is getting more visual, and I think it's because of broadband internet... and touchscreens.
Stop. Hammock time...
it's okay we'll FIGURE IT OUT TOGETHER. :)
so i kinda need you to go to your PO BOX and get the shirt... i wanna know if you like it!!!! :)
#CT2011 - it will be slow to move to the cloud at my campus -- all kinds of privacy issues, myths, pessimism, blah blah blah
When do they back it down? At 100-0?
Would you sacrifice your life for a night of love?!
thank you!!!
Just got home from a #Cubs #Sox showdown that was supposed to be for city bragging rights, but ended up feeling more like spring training.
New Call of Duty revealed May 1rst.
I really enjoyed it! Hope I could provide some small guidance. Perhaps I'll see you this summer, keep us posted on how things go.
Lets meet at the Chispa booth during the lunch break?
#OdetoOldFlames is coming. Real Soul music from my man
not sure welcome to twitter
Oh my just realised i have left my house with a hello kitty plaster hahaha
Join "Out of Fashion" artists Mary Tuma, Gabrielle Duggan and Talena Sanders as they discuss their work on Jan 19 , part of Talk!
Tweeting live from Woodland and Euclid in Lexington!
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Broasted Chicken and Beef Barley Soup
Too bad #daylight savings time didn't kick in every night I'm at work for 12 hours. That hour ahead made the night go fast last night.
I love the smell of old computers.
So much Cuban food. I love this vacation.
": He tweets about CNN. I tweet about myself. Lol"
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/07/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Thursday night is Scott Wilson night. Bring your nostalgia.
love that! What are your top choices so far?
Congrats to : The Future of #Film looks amazing. Film critic shld speak!
yes you are
hey will you be kind and follow me:D
I also have several book ideas - plots, characters, settings... But those take longer.
This is my 1,200 tweet...go me, I guess
what is that a picture of?! Lol
requesting a follow back.
looking forward to the red carpet and the performances tomorrow night
hahaha and ironically, I love sour patch kids...they tie with skittles ;)
I will for sure! :)
Since when did "finals" equal "eat my weight in junk food"?
I'm leaning more toward Harold Camping being wrong....but I have to wonder how many of those who believe his teaching concerning the end...
link to speculation in question?
#NP Welcome to the Jungle
is your job hiring?
Don't know if it's taboo but something we rarely see depicted in ch/YA bks is cross dressing. Also transgender parents.
It's aright and it's nice not to be so alone, but I hold on to your secrets in white houses
ugh my brain is spinning what to do what to do
“: Lol, sadly I bet more hours are spent on the email than the meat!” So true!
hey do you know fan mail address..?
such a smart way to use twitter! MT : Need a fresh read? Tweet us the last book you liked & we'll make a personal recommendation!
The HUman VOIce a Instrument, a GIFT...... A BLESSING. #love #jazz and
tired of inconsistent, unnecessary bureaucracy.
Smash Mouth -- Bassist Paul DeLisle & Wife Accused of EXTREME Domestic Violence
So hot in Raleigh today. 10AM sure came early y'all. Guess I'll roll into work and put in my 6 hours before calling it a day.
It takes more than capital to swing business
two days in a row! Can hardly walk today! Foot massage anyone?
#howrace it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you play the game. Also, team five definitely in the lead.
I love <3
But that has nothing to do with being a hipster.
Amazing knit wear designers in Brooklyn - just fabulous! I am starting to knit bags again - passion still, 13 brights! #Yarn Studio
Emily's 15s with Dayana & Melissa :*
I did it.
Trust is the hardest thing to find and the easiest thing to lose.
This on the World Market for the buyers and the salesmen to use lightemitting diodes lightemitting diode lightemitting diode o :-)
Whats a King to a God?
is wishing a very happy Mother's Day to all of the beautiful, sweet, and sexy MILF's out there. Also, well wishes to all other moms as well.
say what??
I Have one thing to say
Hey Milwaukee Research Park come find us today in the Innovation Center on the 2nd floor in the Gyro Dome!!!!
no ferpin way!!!
We're not open today (Monday), but we'll see you tomorrow! Our Acme Tuesday Special is an All-American Combo for just $4.25!
ok Oprah! Live your BEST life!!!
Omg I love ur song #SoListen feat. T-Pain its incredible! Imma randomly start singing this in the middle of class :D #foshow !
I just saw your DM you send 2 wks ago. Sorry.
On the farm today: A man is buying his wife goats for Mother's Day. :) Don't know if she has other "kids". Sweet.
Taking on the phone & on twitter at the time
Felt it in #roc also
Mister Santorum, please take a moment to read the U.S. Constitution.
#BestSupportingActor goes to...
sorry to miss this
That should have been a g. int. call on Geno, we caught break. Thats twice we've hit Bryz now. Gotta look out for Flower in 3rd if up.
Thx Mo! I was in NYC. I'll be there for good in a week!
No one even cares about me
And preserves income tax! MT Bowles-Simpson? Why embrace tax hikes while leaving left's Entitlement State? Sucker's deal.
Be Book Smart this summer with RIF and Macy's! Give $3 to RIF and Get $10 off a purchase of $50 or more. 100% of every $3 coupon goes to RIF
ehhh i say just do it
Boy, you're 25 now. That feeling isn't going away anytime soon...
Thanks for pointing that out. We've corrected. Wikipedia has her moving from Marin County to Riverside County last year.
You're welcome. It is very helpful. Using it in a presentation today! :)
i hear ya
Lmao, feel free to cross the rainbow with us anytime ;-)
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love -Stendhal
Just finished show 2!!! Great audience tonight! I love my fans!! Thank you Forestwood and Briarhill MS!!! ;-) B good God bless!
Lord of the rings marathon. So fantastic
what?! No!
Decisions.....Decisions.....Decisions..
Wow Lions BEAT the Cowboys 34-30 Final. Yep, I said BEAT the Cowboys.
<U+E057> thank u! That just made my day aha <U+E328>
Sorry hun, but no.
evan is a talented rapper check out evanwrekn.com, he is a breath of fresh air
Some Sweet freeway #billboards around San Diego starting in April 23rd are on #firesale Email me for pics
Boring History movies..
is beyond fantastic right now.
Last of the Mohicans!
Cooking up chorizo for pizza tonite. Gee there's a lot of grease!
Arik Cannon won with the Glimmering Warlock and Roderick Strong won with the Gibson Driver.
Only 10 days until new iPhones! Did you see the Siri voice-command function? How long until it turns into Skynet?!
are they bringing the jars, too?!
. If you give me rope and put a gun to my head and say you're dead one way or the other, yes, you're guilty.
He didn't come to win against Donaire, only to not lose spectacularly and collect his paycheck. No argument here.
Starbucks has "fixed" the mobile wallet with their mobile app - people actually use it.
Column: Will Lindanity break out at London games? - ESPN
you like the fucking finish line we can't wait to run into you!
Today, April 4th is Easter and also one year anniversary of my Carnegie Hall debut. Happy Easter!!!
thank I sit gladly
Used in retail, why so appalling in pro sports? RT : Really? Blazers making prospective general managers take a psychological test
Thanks again for a wonderful experience in Lexington! This course was tough but a blast. It's a race we'll talk about.
they do that to me too lol
The good thing about Patterson is I can read his books in a day and get it back to the library for another one fast.
Welcome! Thanks for following!
#smbmad #UWsocial Glad you like the atmosphere and educational value. Keep on coming.
Welcome to Twitter! #FF , Civil Rights lawyer and director of the Southern Coalition for Social Justice.
Listening to the Battlestar Galactica soundtrack and getting all emotional up in here. Damn that show was too good!
yep i know. i can tell by way he talks to me. lol but id feel that way 2 workin buch of days n row.
: so jealous! That's our favorite!!
8 yrs ago lived a life furiously driven by something deep beneath the surface. I didn't know what I didn't know. How could I?
OMG THANK YOU!! RT : Ladies, I don't know how to tell you but um..... Duck lips in your pictures are NOT cute!!!!!
I find it amazing that I have all the patience in the world with kids but no patience at all with adults.Wish people would just do their job
Lmbo! There's nothing wrong with me thinking a lot of guys are cute! Haha
Why not?
its not just the outside i like its the inside i love about herr 2.. shy girls is the sexyy ones..they got those sexii voices like bree
Thanks for making the conference great. We'll be sending out evaluations this week and can't wait to hear your ideas.
have u not heard? I'm starting a men hating revolution n I'm the ring leader
GO GET YOUR PHONE!
For fuck's sake! What kind of stupid fucker wears Fanny pack You ain't impressing 'em, kid. I can tell you that. That's so 90's
four current BoD members of at the brand relaunch and new website launch
Robbie (perched precariously on the back of couch): "Hey Mommy! You wanna wonder how i got up here?"
Ha! I love Tattly. So fun. Hard to resist.
Hoping the battery tender does the trick and I just need a new battery. Dont want to replace the charging unit.
Whatifestos:Jacob Padron for #TCG2011 inspired by Luis Alfaro, Bill Rauch, embraces generosity & theatre of "you r my other self"
Good morning DC! Rise and grind!
I so agree with your assessment! Although I did prefer his hair long vs. Buzz cut.
Marketing Assistant C0595 A confident self starter with good basic marketing skills and strong IT knowledge. Event managing at Trade shows,…
I apologize for the DM. Thank you for the heads up, hopefully it will now stop. Yikes.
Going to see a screening of #ProjectX with yay!
Woo hoo! Boomer!
why don't you have your phone??
Just saw the paper! who's that wierdo next to obama? oh wait, it's dark mark! didn't recognize him without the stash!
I may crack every now and again, but I'll never break. So keep trying, I'll keep smiling.
that worked. Interesting article. Thanks.
I need a life.
Quote of the Week: Don't Worry. Don't Hurry. Do your best and let it rest. ~Unknown
you in n.o ummhhh dont get shot
too many? at some point they'll just cut their losses.
Learning a lot about "salary compression," and why it is bad for history (or at least history faculty).
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
i love your new song i have listened to it so many times it has been stuck in my head all day i Evan got my sister to like it!
AMSN to Bring CNC Machining Services to Georgia to Promote U.S. ...
I was just informed by an AF buddy of mine, that my site is blocked by gov't computers- It's good to know I must be doing something right!
#DWTS Agreed...he seriously was great!
Turnt UP!!!!!!! So happy for the Elitees ! Got mad respect today!
It won't be long Let's meet up and go together!
"That Paris exists and anyone would choose to live anywhere else in the world will always be a mystery to me." - So True!
": If u walk into a situation bent over, there's a higher probability you'll get screwed. Stand up for yourself."
I had no idea. It looks like tons of fun. We should go next year...dress up and have some fun!
members can now purchase tix 48 hours in advance but pay fees?! First time using this hashtag:
Love how the whole TNT crew "hopes the league doesn't suspend Rondo" why so we can have more players hitting officials?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button...
Mike Kidd-Gilchrist is out. wish he can come back bro.
:) so true
Hi hi
Durant Already Warming Up!
Had a face to face with my CEO about social media. Just me and him. Saw the lights turn on. He gets it ans supports it!
OH MY GOODNESS!!!! hi!!! when did you get twitter!!!! Miss you so much its ridiculouS!!!! How have you been?what u doing??
U got these free throws
A thankful attitude releases so much joy in your life.
Did you know? Although a surgical face lift is done under general anesthesia, it is just a 2-3 hour outpatient procedure.
Semi relaxing geting myself ready for work, diva by day. -mommy slave by night
hello everyone how R all
Thug ladder
EVERYONE SHUT UP, #SaySomething IS ON<3 and ITS PERFECT 2
A day full of laying in the sun / pool, reading, good food, and family is just what the do doctor ordered!
SHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUPSHUTUP NO HE'S MY HUSBAND WHAT
Mission Super-Impossible Boast Protocol
Hope she will kick Cyborg Santos's a$$!
I wasn't being driven to distraction by envy BUT THEN YOU MENTIONED THE DOG.
RT : Good people! Friday 3/16 Marc Evans' Big Little serves up Shrimp, Grits, Soul at #Earth Month Part 1
THIS IS NOT OKAY IM CRYING
LMFAO. GET UP and go outside then xD
Dunno? It's weird.
knowing that I'll be Truckee in the am, makes it worth it tonight.
great catching up with you and your wife.. will have to run into you at the airport more often.
That's right. One little mistake & boom, Season over RT : Have to say... OT hockey in Game 7. Man... Crazy.
Night! You did great!
Not sure why it would interrupt surveillance, since surveillance systems are usually running on a hard wire.
Looking at the blue sky.
[15] The correct quiz answer - White Spanish Broom. Unfortunately, no one guessed (.
Prayer tonight! Come on out ! 1930 S Wilmot 7pm..
The Avalanche, winless in 10 straight and 14th in the conference, will join them if they lose
My pleasure! #BalueCo. loves Harabu House!
where is it? inside the store at gerard's?
If. If I win this 640mil lottery, I will stop using twitter! i will hire a person to tweet on my behalf.
At least that's what yo punk butt need to be thinking Drea
EUGENE HERE!!!!! LOL
for the record I lit everyone else up but u. Lol
Two American cities just did a collective sigh of relief. Great win by the Giants.
thank you.
Great way to get motivated! Thanks for sharing it.
You can't be that girl I adore you don't know what your heart if for!!!!!RT if u know what 1D song this is!!!!
at 11th and Jackson. Looking for a restaurant.
What kind of CD player is that??
Greed, arrogance, aggression, and a demanding, disgruntled and unhappy disposition all arise from a constricted sense of self.
If you're in Seattle or know anyone else in Seattle and know how to do sales, my company is hiring. I'll split the referral bonus with you.
We have a preview of the South Side Soup Contest today. Trust us, you're going to want to try some too.
Thanks for the mention!
#CERAWEEK Bahrain unrest could eAsily spread to saudi
Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery.
As long as you know lol RT Y'all think Lawson was hoopin...Westbrook bout to run all over us in this next round.
what happened? disabled train?
well you can calculate how much heat you need to add to your system to increase the temperature to boiling temp.
works w/ social, private & public sectors to advance wellness, earning and learning of vulnerable populations
Yikes, even better! RT every NIGHT 11-close at 3. $10 for 3 Aces Double Double, PBR, and shot of Old Crow. Enjoy UniVillage!
Augustus Hare~ Half the failures of this world arise from pulling in ones horse as he is leaping.
Peter! Beware the #jabbaofthenewsdesert MT groggily make my way out of the cave into blinding light. cannot believe my eyes...
"The most important factor you can keep in your own hands is yourself. I always placed the greatest emphasis on that.” – Eddy Merckx
Young people are the future & the future is NOW. They elected Obama and will force change in Egypt. Way to Step up. U all kick ass!
Don't love me because it's convenient-love me because you mean it.
#LT Idk how that happened though cause my co-worker is SUPER humble <U+2754>
Like in what way? I have a favorite depending on the topic. Cuteness? Personality? Performance?
I wrote #okaybitch I need you for for the okay parts and I'm thinking a verse by and
The endorsed Scott Peters for Congress. We could use your vote in the #CA52 primary
Let's Go Wildcats ! We Can Do This (: Lady Wildcat #40 <3
what is the password or the 1D presale Tomrrow and will there be VIP for there Chicago concert 2013 please reply!!
I swear if saw that video of me and my bros cookin he would put us in
Will be here at least til 9.
Big day tomorrow..
At eating some bread with sauce and cheese on it
omg can I?!?! text me
so stoked my favorite #projectrunway designer is in Dallas tomorrow
I do. Can't stand him.
I really have to get ready, finish cleaning and pack for tomorrow
No matter when we work our hours, we still have 40 hour work weeks. How do we make answers available at all hours?
Red is perfect it has AAS and WIM but why FATS has to be in Blue! Crying :'( I'm hoping has a NYC date and it's gold
One the NFC East is suppose to be the hardest division in the NFL and it is clearly the AFC North.
hm my first Columbus Day in Columbus. am i supposed to do anything special to mark the holiday?
Most disappointing is tough, probably the wide receivers. All of them except Driver!
i mess my mama's house :c
the moto family is gathering for a thanksgiving staff meal.
Wish I was 21
They were the games I always went to when I was a kid
"Tbh.. nobody wants to like your status!" ahaha that was to funny
Started the day with a nettle infusion dark as the sea at night, quinoa porridge w/gojis. Now---coffee!
Finished project 1 in my ceramics class! Thinking about posting project pix in my blog
if shes calling you , it must be whack lol
I'm okay and you
Yeah i know !! Have any of them deleted yet
I wish would get on so i could ask her a serious question!
All the harm that 'ere I've done, alas it was to none but me.
I like to see people doing good. Doesn't matter if I know your or not. Feel like I'm in the minority on this 1.
The Spurs are going to roll over the Clippers
Today has been a crazy day... I just want to go to sleep and start all over again...
Honesty, that's not something that has ever crossed my mind.
Now im out of high school I need to change some aspects of my life no time for childishness or inmaturity
i hate customer service!!!! how may times do you have to say "can you hold one moment." and then say i don't have it but you charged me
Tonight: #Heineken & presents at SET | Ladies, text the word CHAMPAGNE to 38714 for Open Champagne Bar |
Sold out as I typed in my info! I feel like T-Rex just stomped on my heart. ;(
Give me one day out there. All I ask is one to hold forever.
Making a fanbook for the boys when I meet them in May. RT if you want to be listed under "Follow These Directioners" (Must be following me)
I tasted some really interesting Malbec, Malbec/Syrah and Malbec/Cab from 5900ft absl. Really impressed and shocked me!
Billy Boy Brad Record Spin tonight at 9. Stop on by for some cold beer and great food.
I want some Popeye
couple times a week but never with NO tip before that is so comedic to me lol
damn it damn it.!
Take it easy on Lebron tomorrow!
"Soulman" Sam will blow the roof off our club TONIGHT 9PM! Get here early & avoid the line & $10 cover after 10pm
Meli you're not even invited
I've been naughty. Spank me?
No such thing as light work w the Jamie ": Omari I wish I was @ stanton I'd be doin some "Slight Work" on "
Will my wife be angry because I woke her up or because I didn't wake her up sooner?
Thanks for the RTs
The Treasury Department will announce the results of their $24 billion 10yr note fundraiser at 1pm.
some of our favorite finds- hong on the range... U should read the dust jacket or touch of the clown...
nice to see you!
Good Morning!!!<3
here we go again
We can only hope.
I GOT INSPIRED 2 MAKE RED VEILIT CHEESE CAKE COOKIES:) yum!
long run with dad this AM in prep for ! Happy 65th bday LioNEIL.
: What time is Blue & White game Saturday?
Jen says shes truly saddened. What about her? Shes a sibling in law.
Tomorrow is Election Day!!! Polls open at 7am and stay open until 8pm! Exercise your rights & VOTE!!!
Thanks, Belle!
Did everyone enjoy their extra hour of sleep? I enjoyed my extra hour of crocheting :)
Post a pic if you get a chance? Pretty please? :) I want to see!!
it will be this summer
Rob, thanks for following me!
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. - Lanston Hughes
I am on the most donkey infested table I have seen in months.
Ty for informative #Bully discussion event last eve- let me know when u want to org 'Parent Poker Face' workshop! :)
Not at all, most will be national and many will be international. The idea is to allow new talent to finally enter the game.
I just fell in love with my bed!
Shout Out to
no worries doll! going to see her today..and she worries no matter what i say..she still thinks I'm a printer.. :)
Thx for the tweet! Will pass on the love to Cindy Selfe. Perhaps we'll see you at #cwcon or other conf later this year?
I like that lil' Wayne is rocking truckfit at the
Do people named Siobhan truly not mind the nickname "Shiv"?
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you expirence it for yourself.
#PalmBchPowerPartner 2223PalmBchLksBlvd The Event Hall Suite101. Looking forward to seeing you. 8am Come.Get.Grow.Go
You kissed it? Be ashamed. RT : ": Oh, don't forget he had a nose ring too. "I kissed that!!
Guilty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol RT : Hahaha so true lol RT : #Virgo is a nag when they dont get what they want.
there goes your abs
That's what I'm talking About Good Game !
Oh therapy can you please fill the void
Hey DAC alumni: Could you share with us on our #LinkedIn group page what you're doing after gradation and how DAC has helped your career.
#FF Folks going to #coffeefest next week in Seattle!
Finished the audio book version of "Start with Why" last night. Great way to attack your corporate Marketing challenges.
i love water. its so darn refreshing.
It's #AskAndrea day! Send me your AFC North questions for today's Mailbag by 3pm Eastern via Twitter to be included!
Last year over 240 million viewers worldwide watched the London New Years Parade / thanks for this info. Steve <3 Kellie
I'm jealous it's snowing in Omaha.... Looks like so much fun!!
we'll never be right till we read our wrongs and we'll never be done with these same old songs so wake up we'll wait for you again
Always a fun day when your building catches on fire.
$10 Meal Deal today! Any panini, one side and a soft drink! Yum Yum...
. will lure you to the main stage at #ConcertsontheCurve with Coyote Chicken sandwiches ($8) and grab & go desserts and bars ($2)
so do u have a story for me?
haha me too
I was thinking of going out for #PinkSlime or maybe another quality beef product for lunch. Anyone want to join me?
Believe in Make Believe
Individuals who deliberately decide not to take offense lead happier, more productive lives.
hey wusup wow u not a baby anymore i remember when u were like 2 lol how are u
I really want to learn how to double-dutch jump rope, and sing a ghetto ass rhyme while doing so. JUST SAAAAYINNNN
“: the cable man is <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>” lol get the hook up then
is close enough to Centerstage for ya?
Happy New Year, peeps.
Kevin Hart Stand Up > Kevin Hart Movies
Let users know why Office 2010 will be good for them to get buy in and boost training attendance.
Just got done eating breakfast
dude where's my car?
I want to go. If you guys can pick me up? Abel isn't Going to be there .
Hello! Just wanted to say hi.
Hollandaise.. hahaha, oh Cohen, ya kill me.
Gucci this bitch
I hate when you have weird smells in the house and you can't find the source. Sometimes, it's even worse when you find it. :(
I thought you were ON the show. Tease! Wanna race to see who can book a comedy set first?!
is a LOSER !!! I won this one :P
Yeah, that sounds plausible. But do you know depressed extroverts?
Was Joel Pett trying to sabotage KSR & with his intentional profanity? Thoughts, & ?
no, it's fake, But I wish it was real :)
Check this video out -- White girlz go dumb 2 youtube.com/watch?v=n3EaLM… via
Thank you Big Brah for the Birthday Shout Fam Thank you!!
Your decisions decide your wealth. REMEMBER DDW
How about RT 4 alternative British cricket commentary Americans might dig? Follow & learn abt best sport ever!
De brunch con la GodMother! A punta de Café con Leche.... el viajesito es largo!
Yea ur a hoe lol but we knew that it's only a surprise to you
Bask in the glow of your own vitality.
That was #Badgers' offense anyway under Chryst. Lotta play-action off great run game. Suited Wilson perfectly.
just shut up Trey. Youu made the decision.
awesome that you met up with
Going through all of our footage for the documentary....can't wait to piece this all together
I like a girl wit some red lips
Many wishes 4 a long/healthy life r yours from Minneapolis! Woo 2 the You Are Married Now hoo! Best 2 u & yours. #4 4ever!
#nyy #yankees KUDOS to Tex for the game winning HR. Swish got us back into game (been a beast all year). Tape measure HR&great catch Grandy!
Defintely. Writing to NIMH to do more analysis.
What the hell am I gonna do with my life?
Thanks to for my new ophthalmic frames. If I have to wear glasses all day, I'm happy to have a pair I barely notice.
Nothing profound today.
coffee sleeves, coffee sleeves everywhere... those can have your ad, brand msgs on thsm.
Happy mothers day to my mommy (: i love you <U+2665>
Mona, this time she tweeted contemn and decry contempt and indignation
fish tacos>
HUNGRY ASS
aw damn, and the 100
POTTERMORE. Y U NO LET ME IN.
omg! And I actually know who you're talking about!!! I don't like her ass either!
Pull it together #Villanova !!
On the streets of New Orleans less than 30 mins and already got offered drugs
On local giving: RT : We can walk to our corners and can say "I built that," "I planted that," "I organized that"
will have a CD coming out soon enough! He is super talented and his voice blows your mind!
"What? Am I some kind of Summoner? I can just summon footage to my phone like that?"... Sorry that was stuck in my head, had to get it out.
Going to get a haircut after school for free
at least Ron Paul loves his porn Stars
Marvel Comics We Are Marvel Heroes Youth T-Shirt
again. But I don't know if my mom will let me cause I need to pay someone back for the One Direction tickets next year :o
yayyyyyyy! Glad you had a good night<U+2764>
I'm #ShoppingSmall today for Small Business Saturday. RT to share where you're going to
I'll teach you! You should come back to the Midwest for a while!
he needs to release tax returns in order to make this a now issue and demonstrate the importance of transparency!!!
“: Happy Birthday Fatty!!!!!”Thanks
A celebration of Bob Dylan music by Sam Fain, Michael and Frank Shelton - TONIGHT - 7:30 p.m. Cmon up and see us!
#marc11. Don't cry in a conference room. My dad taught me this when I was 10. Thanks dad:)
Tomorrow I'm doing a 60 min. green roof and living walls presentation to the building systems class at the Design Institute . Should be fun!
Hi Christina! Thanks for the follow! Are you back in Boston?
Your so amazing, I would be so so so so so so so so happy if you write back to me =) please write me =) write me anything!!
we've figured it out - new startup MO: sfpl study rooms & cheap jury-duty specials in civic center w/
Lets get to 750 Likes!! Repost this.. The 750th like will get a $10 Gift Card..
That good feeling you get after every workout never gets old 1up to golds gym
Just caught Pinning away! Pinterest is addicting isn't it?
same to you
Annika is wandering through the maze that is the customer service hotline.
thanks for the follow. We're the middle-aged, man-boobed version. ;)
can you tell the guys that they need to develop an autosave feature while users are mapping routes on their sites?
My new catch phase is #no short & to the point
One time beer moocher and Former White Sox All-Star Robin Ventura has been named the club's manager.
All Aztec fans believe. RT : “: So nervous I feel sick...” We Believe.
Getting pretty crafty
Yup a hoe & how Bitch . I told yo Ass I'm on tha way but whatever
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
Heading to Toronto tomorrow. Taking in a Rays/Jays game and then seeing the Yankees for 2. Will miss them but no family in tow.
at lest it is #middriftMonday any man you want me to find for you today?
Haha, I know!
hah shut up Mel!
Loving that is playing Jesus, etc.
It's in the mail! Can't wait to give it a whirl. All hail space-rock originating from geodesic domes!
I know you play for the D-backs, but it would be great to have ya on the Mets! Your one great player, and your brother!
Making my way back 2 this music
Now featuring the solo piano jazz talent of Mark Shearer...his album Through the Window is a treat!
There are 11 different demensions occupying the same area
So hungry and no desire to cook. Snacks unappealing too. What to do? Drink? Ok!
Seriously with. The BIBLE say Adam and eve. Nothing different
Awww wait ago for u I am so proud of u and I lovee u so much!!!!!
&#39;American Splendor&#39;: Your 2 p.m. Buckeye Bits A&E trivia
My husband finished the Chicago Marathon today!!!
“ “ Don't marry a man unless you would be proud to have a son exactly like him”
Shock Horror! Berlin VC Invests In Italian Startup. Is This The Start Of Something?
They )MLS) may want to spend the money, but where would it come from? (seriously)
I don't know... 140 characters will cramp my style.
Yes, agreed!
At Harvest Crusade at Angel Stadium. Watch live
AW, we love ! She's the sweetest thing! Thanks for the #FF, darling!
I like these camps. When will next #thatcamphilly be?
Here's wishing you a nice day! :)
archery day was super, I want to sleep now.
Hanging at the Entrepreneur's Growth Conference today!
TWITTERPLAY Lights up. Man on Toilet. Loud pooping sound. Man grimaces painfully. From toilet bowl- "Revenge!" Lights.
They Are Rare A.F, but Just Know That When You Meet One, boa. lol Let Me Know So i Can Harlem Shake For You.
76er's getting there points only by free throws.
Touchy. I mean touche.
I gotta fucked the game but I left it where I found it.
2 hour flights are so humane. (SLC to SNA)
every time i come to the park, i smell weed.
Anyone got exciting plans this weekend?
thank u !!
I'm starting to rethink my position on eating hooker pussy
. Thank you for the help! Your concerted efforts and musical knowledge are appreciated!
Still trying to figure out why D. Wade decided to assault Kobe in the All-Star game.
lol kk she'sto sweet anyway you may be to rough for her lmfao and IKR everyone tells her
smokin' deals on waterproof ipods. $10 off all orders on the website. Just type in 'WATERPROOFME'
shaunni is about tho blow up just stay tuned !!!
Thank you! It's a marketing position. I'm very excited.
Watching wondering if #levy put too muck black in his shampoo...whatcha think ? Whew!
I want it to be next weekend already
I fell for your personality; your looks are just a bonus.
Chune a play
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I wasn't cool. I'm still not cool.
Internet connection has dropped 1 zillion times today so no more email. Straight up old school calling w/ responses & no ones answering
Congratulations New Orleans. You deserve it!
what ab Aubrey
Thanks man for the free tickets #PatsPacerPlayoffParty You're the man!
I hate when I'm not expecting anybody and my buzzer rings I just ignore it.
*I walk out into the living room* Lil sis: "hi sister r you awake?" wtf does it look like.
it's already 1AM ? i always get so deep into movies that I don't know where the time goes !
You just have to feel the hatred of inefficient keystrokes flowing through you, and it starts to come naturally. Dunno why.
You put my Love on Top.
YOLO= You Obviously Live Online
Hi!:) Can you follow me back? Please:)
Ah daily hate mail is entertainment .
and next time you get the fancy coffee with you Yankee tickets too LOL hahahahahaha
Forgot to insert the coffee funnel this morning. Tastes just like normal coffee, only more exciting.
lol I guess 26 is old these days huh?
Good morning all... Closing the week with a BANG !!!
Dear , Bush was President in 2007 when both House & Senate passed bill to lower student loan rates & signed the bill
Does this mean Walker will "lose" a fight to Ivan Drago in a few years and Barrett will have to beat Drago for WI honor?
absolutely, expect changes soon! ;)
I would too :)
hits #1 with Drink On It - Blake, when you come to Fort Wayne, we'll "Drink On It" too! Congrats from your buds at K105!
Voting for more education funding is like priming the pump for a more prosperous economy
Hey man do u listen to pop punk?
Double #fail -- email notice to call Mitch McConnell at 5:27pm on a Friday
ITS BEEN A MINUTE SINCE U TOLD ME U LOVE ME..
Lots going on today: TechRanch brown bag @ noon, Bridge Austin at Union Park then back to Tech Ranch for Bootstrap Web.
Good lookin out, I let know when I'm ready-YoBoy-H
has returned to the default world, and is trying to reprogram some of the defaults.
Anytime! Have a great weekend!
El Cajon City Council votes 5-0 to giving a nice $2,500 donation toward the Miss El Cajon Scholarship 2012 program
I wish every one would just get off my back
OAAA just announced that the '15 Class had the highest starting GPA of black students ever at UVA. 132 1st Yrs earned a 3.0 or better.
I love Pigeon Toe! Lisa is an inspired designer!
Now go watch Forks Over Knives its on NetFlix.
I broke this glass bowl and it sounded so cool!!!
Ok housing fence sitters. The time to buy is now! Lowest prices and lowest rates = profit.
Clyde Stubblefield's birthday is today. Give him a twitter shout out, Quest. If u wanna reach out, I have his contact info.
What are the 2 worst things to do in this heat? Boil pasta & clean! We can take care of one of those for you!!!
Any ladies out there interested in rooming with me at #SPC12? Send a dm please!
Psyched for my Alpal's 21st birthday! Love you bud!
Since 1997, Singh's career has been punctuated by international exhibitions-collective & residences in Europe, South America and Asia
iband tv and mobile apps soon!!!
sounds like a win/win situation to me
Don't make me screen shot your texts from earlier. Thin ice boy
I am just waking up from last night. Ugh, so many bad decisions.
but this Momma does care about what you do... Don't make me use your full name missy!
I'm freezing. I hate being out and about in this weather! Can't I be under the covers with and a movie?
Hopefully it never goes away, I've been after it since I was 7 years old, now I'm going on 57. Thanks for the follow :)
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 2
Conversations with my grandma and she livin' in the sky.
The Internet can be so dope sometimes.
We're all lit right now, but would love to involve history, poll sci, biol, geol - anything Thoreau-related.
pretty good, what about yours
See? I'm stuck out of the bag. I'm stuck. His presence makes me want sediment. What if it's great? It could be amazing.
why so mean
Thanks for the follow Kim!
hahahaha not w/ that's mine! Plz dnt play urself baby girl...
RT Love :) Took fam after 's recital & Ian (bartender) sent Cam fave chocolate tart ! He's the best!
InVaSiOn in Blue field, WV 7/9/11 featuring HEAD (formerly of KoRn); Eowyn; The Rep and many more...FREE ...www.cityinvasions.com
little diva in training :')
congrats on the DemiXfactor!!
Did you stay up and watch the entire 13 inning affair? Would you rahter see Josh Bell or Mark "K" Reynolds at 3rd?
": It's National Lingerie Day. Which means it's kind of like our birthday. How are you celebrating?" Oh shit time to shop
researching eco interior designers
thanks for the RT!
I feel like you always hear the weirdest things in starbs
please follow me ... Atleast its free!! ... If that helps at all. <33
I am so tired of working on this project. *cries quietly to self and sucks thumb*
And I'm done with CSCW reviews. Well, for now.
preparing salads and rice dishes at home before your trip help cut down on prep time in the field....
Lol these people sound so dumb!
Sick. RT : Wow shout outs to for that Mobb Deep instrumental on the BIG Commercial for 2012 NBA Playoffs
Great Women's Panel and seminars at
I literally wanna puke, but can't.
Sure. I'll DM some contact info.
no you're right...they are the BEST! we love !
This Class Is To Boring!
I Lovett. Just like Lyle.
Jesus Christ Yuni.
Dwight says" question can their pizza play DVDs Jim? "
Excited to be at #TETC11 this week!
im fucking lost with justin i fucking hate this omg
no what is that? because it sounds awesome :)
MT : : be fearless. Start w big, audacious goals. Take risks. Experiment. Embrace failure.
Gonna say happy almost a mothers day whenever I see a woman buy the plan B pill
Loves Jesus!
SDGE doing a press conference shortly about the blackout.
#nowsmoking La Palina # 2 bc if you are going to live, live well according to bartender at 1789 circa 1988
well it's really weird cause my brothers name is also Logan haha
:-( I demand to see both of you at that JC beer garden very soon. Food poisoning never had such bad timing.
People dont realize that although I'm friendly, I'm not a people person. I'm independent. I'm better off on my own, always have been.
The McFarlanettes want to wish all of the Moms out there a Happy Mother's Day! May your day be full of love & relaxation :)
Wrapping up my homework then straight to sleep I go not feeling good:-(
Taking A Step Back To Thank God For Bringing Me This Far In My Journey...
Hold on. We are going to down to try and get some more info. Be back in a few
I knowww. My mom's just evil, & really good at changing my words, & taking EVERYTHING I say the complete wrong way!
RT : Been a solid 10 hours since I've seen an even mildly humorous dog joke. Gonna be a long summer.
Sitting here watching Beverly hills house wives .
ahaha yea. it just seems there is a lot of tension.
7 day information diet starting now.
Likes to boo but with a purpose. Write that down!
Stop by #219 at #OAH12 to sign up for e-newsletter and the chance to win a sleek Borealis tote. Keep your books dry in this rain!
I am thrilled to have a Pret store in the same building as Insight Psychological Centers. Dark, almost bitter #espresso drinks.
I'm not sure how I like it yet, but man is it crazy and raunchy! I had not idea JCO could get down and dirty.
Math State Exam ... wish me luck <U+E404>
A moment of silence please while I grieve my poor ol' FB pages....
Oh honey boo boo child you know I's headed back to Sassville m
Going along with the Rory/Irish theme, had a Reuben for lunch today. Darn good.
Congrats! My goal is to actually BE my driver's licence weight when I renew it for my late-July bday. Almost there. :)
Gah. I keep trying to touch the screen on my MBP. You'd think I'd have this down by now.
I am very much looking forward to annexing myself in a coffee shop and reading articles this morning about 'my' manuscript.
I just checked in at Staunton, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
Goodmorning! Omg boyfriend is on iTunes now Yeay!!!;) I luv u <U+E415>
Does Paul have one more elbow jumper in him?
I'm looking for an intuitive online tool for group work, something that allows for sharing of documents, dialog and announcements. Any...
be safe sis
The new soda fountain at noodles is ahhhhmazing.
haha i know. I stoped by .its all good. Took pic of front
The way the Brewers have been playing. I'll take that action all day.
Q5 Depends on term. No problem getting patrons 2 understand definition of interlibrary loan, but would use catalog instead of OPAC.
Wasnt with me shootin on my driveway
Happy thanksgiving everyone!!
omg lol...i have the same braclet as you (: do u still have it
I do not expect to see you the rest of the evening.
Thanks! Happy New Year to you!
I look at 2nd gen- how they construct their identities/experiences in different natl. & urban contexts 1>2
RT : If you're in Gainesville, the coaches' polos are $15 and select hats are $3 at the UF Bookstore.
I'm late to the party on this one but taking a 28 yr old rookie qb is such a Cleveland Browns thing to do.
Never Give Up!
Chillin wit the fam:) 3 more days till my big day.........
So happy i find a ticket on my car. Thanks mtsu for your stupidity, arrogance and annoying policies to you, I reward you my middle finger.
We can hear fireworks coming from Golden Gate Park. Twitter tells us it is a private party, #SFGiants related. 10pm is a bit late.
Have a great day !!
Gloss rhymes with hair.
I found it via
I'm too lazy to get up and get food. Blehh.
Daylight savings time! Did you set all your clocks?
The weekend is quickly approaching...what is everybody doing?
I'm like what up wit ya baby;she tryin her best 2 ignore me;I'm like fat face, Lil nose,small chin,big bacc,Lil rib cage, big feet ass girl
Thanks. i hope you got to sleep!! ;)
I think I need to go and cruise the bookstore.
you're on Anderson right now. Say Anything came out when I was 1 year old. Its my face movie. Big fan from Burma!
The last day of the semester is over! Have a great summer #cua!
i think i'm gonna tan today
Hearing great tips on #hackathons practices from Google and Tech President reps in crowd.
that looks ridiculous in the best of possible ways.
thanks. Hopefully we'll make it back to Tx soon.
Static cling is just physics showing us how much it loves us.
Nice choice. I'm a Chicago power-pop geek and my friends and I always get a kick out of seeing you at Figgs shows in Chicago.
The most annoying commercials on the planet are the Viagra an Cialis commercials. No one cares about your erectile disfunction.
Possibly the craziest game I have ever seen
HOW DO YOU KNOW IF YOU HAVE BAD LUCK OR GOOD LUCK????
"comparing a lecture with reading books is like comparing instant coffee with a tea ceremony"
my finger seriously burns
The kids made me feel old, ha.
Merry Christmas! We hope everyone's day is wonderful and is spent with many loved ones!
. MAHOMIES LOVE YOU. No matter who hates on you, they're wrong <3
i just had some blue moon with cookie dough. I thought of u the whole time.
CTA supporting a special focus on new technologies and web based initiatives eg how mobile phones can be used to access markets
It's a great pic of members of the #TPW family! Thank you for sharing! :)
RT : The more they remind us not to look at the solar eclipse with our naked eye, the more I wanna do it.
having only two drinks and not remembering much Is what I meant.
mixtape promotion lets talk numbers
after she says what the cheese tasted like, you can hear some guy in the audience shout "no"
I got exactly what I was thinking watching the Lions, excited then let down. Football, you gotta love, I think.
@ childhood home in IL - so weird
It's so weird--so I can't guarantee though.
Excellent Work fighting for our show. :0) Bring Back Ringer
I always have the worst creative blocks on the things I want to be the most creative on
Excited for World Cup Soccer game tomorrow between USA & England. I'd say; USA 3, England 1
Could you imagine??
me too but now i find them annoyin cause they so loud...
RT Consider this: if u have food in ur belly, clothes on ur back & a roof over ur head ur "richer" than 75% of world
Had to make a relatively good impression...
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Reach Floss Holders and most oral care products.
his sentence is actually longer (14 years), but he will most likely get out
RT : That laugh was well needed
who's that?
I'm doing okay. Went to Nashville on Sunday, which was FAB (as always). How 'bout you?
Cannot believe bmore area counties are already cancelling school for Tuesday!
We already miss you! Thanks for a great charity month! You better believe you'll see us supporting YOU at the !
one of my co workers kept talking about me and I'm very sensitive about it
did they get a pick from the spurs too?
good luck tomorrow!!!!!
No matter how loud car alarms are, cars never seem to wake up.
RT : I didn't even know was on twitter. Following them now. Thanks!
I wonder if would let me do a photoshoot for my gallery "Dreamland"?
We saw phantom at Venetian and all agreed that it needed a little more to be believable :)
Mfrs making videos in river oaks parking lot
feel that!!
can library institutions be racist? excluding homeless and certain groups in library services?
Training has been canceled tonight due to the weather.
Follow desrocatrice on .
Awesome Will do!
Yup. I coughed up something gross few minutes ago.
no relationship, no drama, no fights no problem. ;)
Helfrich seems like a logical and good fit, knows the offensive scheme and could keep this recruiting class together
Pleasure meeting u as well! Thx for the great hair advice. I'll be re-evaluating my shampoo/conditioner game immediately.
lol....i thought you bought a face primer! I will do some research and get back to you!:)
I'm serious and you're joking. Lol
"I have a good feeling about you. Let's see where this goes" just might be my famous last words. I hope not ;)
“: Syracuse just sent a message to everyone watching, “You do not want to play us in March.” -"b/c we don't score points"
I'm the best dog friend though, right? ;)
Long Island Medium “Dog-Channel” takes on a new meaning when Theresa Caputo channels a dog’s spirit in TLC’s Long Island Medium.
Im gonna keep going till i get one ill never stop
barely slept this weekend, unshowered, and didn't take my makeup off, the people at work should expect this every Sunday from me
Did you visit any museums/exhibits/famous buildings over Spring break? Tell us about your experience!
wait, too much freedom. Sometime today will work just fine. ;)
this makes procrastinating so much easier...
#ThingsIDontLike. When people sniff their upper lip in public
k so i was in the store reading a 1d mag, and at nialls part, it says "NIALL TIMOTHY HORAN" last time i checked his middle name is james.-_-
Thanks to schooling from , I can meaningfully say: Whoa.
no no no it was my phone I did not call you a hoe!!
- sorry, angel funded.
Academia: scaffolded path to uncertain outcome; open source: uncertain path to specified outcome.
Thx :-) We disavow any relationship with that bunch and their methods, on the What We Do part of Veritas NM.
I see yummy food, cool people and a pair of neon jeans in my near future!
If any of you need an excuse to drink in the morning, Kujo is your beer. People won't even know.
Um no. But you can find out on March 8 when the article comes out... ; )
Thank you for following We Are Bitter Sober on Twitter! www.wearebittersober.com
Happy 40th Anniversary to Pi Delta Chapter (Eastern Michigan University) of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority Inc.
You forgot to add "on the 11th"...
- huge Pat Kiernan/NY 1 shout out today for that story!
oh man. I love the Dube.
My points are up there !
And we shall name sir snores a lot, I'm sure will agree
hey honey(; #choppin'it
Have fun to everyone running LJHalf. Can't wait to cheer u all on and run w/ Team gonna represent!
oh cool wat kinda show?
Ice. Cold. Beer. Yeah, we've got a good selection of it. One more hr to come in for dinner special.
If She Can't Ride On Her Tippy Toes Then
Curry says there is an opportunity to merge community/economic development
All Richmond and surrounding areas. Want to get more customers and get your business cranking? Lets talk?
Happy thanksgiving all tweetrs
Happy Mother's Day to brand new, first time mommies & <3
"We don't make art, we solve problems." Best quote from the Eames documentary.
yep simply insane today!
The Morning Download: Open Source Software's Coming-Out Party - Wall Street Journal (blog)
Its 2 much damn actin goin on, STAY ON UR DAMN FEET N PLAY D!!!
I WAS IN MACYS AND I SAW THE SOMEDAY FOR JUSTIN'S PERFUME OMG I WAS SO HAPPY :)
Alright haha I'll ask my moms (:
removed the clock from my menu bar in osx, much more tranquil... too many clocks
Headed to you !
We are live at Sully's tonight! Derby Week!!!!
RT What a huge day in news...Arrington/AOL, Groupon IPO delay, Bartz out at Yahoo, SEC extended a formal invite to Texas A&M. gigem
I also b @ fashion shows, parties, clubs & bars oh & I love a fancy restaurant
hello how are you ?
Happy Mother's Day!
lmao I hate u
I need to take these damn contacts out before I go blind. Damn restrictions....
Thanks, you're awesome. :)
Thanks for being my 200th follower
There's a head growing out of your hat :(
Debating whether it's whether it to watch Obama deliver the state of the union address. Is he going to baby the banks in his speech tonight?
Purchased as singles from the Paradox, of course.
I mean everything I Chased I made come into Exsistence in my Life&Career. Now I got the Driver Seat that I Wanted& im One Hell of a
Shoutout To #TeamLNC We Are Winning <U+2661>
thanks for being at the Disruptive Diner. It's the people and discussions that make it great.
Last night was a flashback to the good old days. Exhausted af but it was worth it. =)
Your work is a reflection of your personality, so the law must protect any distortions. -Obafemi Agaba
There are plenty of complainers out there. But very few problem solvers
I don't own a TV either. Watch movies on my iMac
BOX OFFICE MOJO: Think Like a Man Repeats Box Office Win with $18 Million
I agree, failure is a lesson that leads to increased knowedge that is priceless.
follow back?(:
& when do you get to coachella? I have a feeling it'll be after I have left the Q-Prime compound.
My first #Timberwolves game this season tomorrow night and #KLove isn't even playing. C'mon man!
so jealous!!!!!!! That's what I need asap!
But you have to watch the Browns....
Trying to get a power nap before work
We must be kindred spirits - the name of my column is Empowered Parent. I look forward to following you!
Those nights where you have just too much on your mind.
Now bout 2 hit the shower n get ready for my nieces swim party. Eat n party with the babies now. Drink n party with the grown folks later!
Check it, replacing the "L" in Palin with a capital "Eye." If that makes sense.
Facebook is down for site maintenance, so I might as well go on Twitter to complain about it.
is human with superhuman capability. If you could have a superhuman quality what would it be?
Can we get some RT's so we can get some more followers of Indiana High School basketball?
yes look forward to seeing you. know what time frame you will be here
It was SLAMMED last night.The buzz is insane tonight as well! Come hang out and mingle and dance at the bar tonight!
Hi kelley thanks for giving me your link
Thanks to everyone who participated in our photo contest! Selecting winners was difficult, we had over 150 amazing submissions!
I'll see if I can go :)
When did the comet get a stage? Geez. I guess it's been a while.
ive only had a pizza and cereals all day
I see we've reverted to the tackling technique preached by Rich Rod
Merry Christmas everyone!!
American Idiot was great!
where at?
your welcome its the only thing i notice in your pic;)
ha! hopefully he doesn't have to check in his mouth.
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 9
: thx Aaron! Love getting your and KR's tweets on my phone..hope your liking the West Coast! Roons
We are NOT all Syrians. Show solidarity without co-opting national identity.
Peace Love and Awesomeness!! <3 Lots of Love, xo
#eli2012 session. Collaboration tool: provisioning the new learning Eco system. Jim Davis, UCLA; Sally Jackson, U. Ill.; Michael Wesch, KS
All dining tables are shipping inside of 3-6 weeks in anticipation of the Holiday Rush. Thanksgiving and Christmas just around the corner.
ow much u chrge for features???
you indeed are now a slut
kiehl's creative cream wax
Dear I hear you love ALEC, in that case you'll be happy to hear I shop at Love ME
Eastpoint Applebees Join Phoenix Rising Today from 8AM- 10..all you can eat Pancakes and Turkey Sausages $10.00 donation Spread the Word
Yes thank you, there were two storms that split on either side of our location. Some minor damage to other areas.
"But I love my skechers." "That's Because you don't have a prada backpack."
Have laid in 3lbs lemons, 2lbs honey, wood, anticipating the worst. Whatever tomorrow may bring, there will be toddies. Come at me, snow!
john, I will give you this. Siva looked like a different player. Happy for him. He's a good kid.
I just made myself a delicious meal and doubled the recipe so I'll have plenty of leftovers. Yum.
snow patrol jam session
Maybe I'm trippin., but it seems like that annoying organ only plays when the Chgo Bulls have the ball.
New snowfall this a.m. Espresso in hand, soon to replaced by brushes. Two acrylic paintings in process @ once. Promising day!
Still trying to contact Jarrod. I agree with you about the fit.
how u like the song by Left Field that I sent u?
Can't tell if Brady looks determined or discouraged
At #RFKstadium running drills w/ the team to get ready for mobile ordering during games. Hotdogs etc delivered to ur seat!
Justin Bieber's ex-girlfriend has obtained a restraining order against a man who allegedly offered to pay someone 3,125 to kill her.
No notes. Not a word. Not a syllable. This is either good or very, very bad.
": PIGS FEET TONIGHT"yum!
yeah no sxsw for me either. when did the hotels get booked up?
What new releases have you been listening to? Shout em out and we'll shout you out!
But I wish s/he had asked me about them, instead of waiting to bring it up on the course evals, where I can't really respond.
One way to guarantee I won't watch my favorite : Sarah Palin
Even better than Favre's Pants on the Ground? Favre's Ass on the Ground, tomorrow.
We're looking for more of a situational type upgrade. If we can do that
BIG #whynot RT : What movie to watch this afternoon?
such hypocrites.
My lips are slowly chapping and there is nothing I can do about it. So this is how being helpless feels...waahh
. is playing all the hits. Just wow
Oh yes, do check out MCN (#MCN2012 is in Seattle, twitter home ). Would be great to see you in person one of these days!
On a behind-the-scenes tour of Smithsonian Natural History's Global Volcanism Program.
Did you have that calzone yet? Just checking up on you to make sure you didn't eat any furniture.
Well, thanks to the incredible support of everyone today… just cracked the top 20 on Amazon. Thank you all so much!!
good thanks.. You?
so you tryna get into the bar Saturday night?
Yes, the heart knows by Faith, even when the head can't see it by sense.
While I think it's goofy to market small oranges as Cuties, if it gets kids to eat healthy, I'm all for it. Joe Camel to market brown rice?
Someone come play in the rain with me !!!!!!! :)
He's the 3 time MVP and ringless wit no clutch. He's too cold. Nd maybe one day but the cavs r irrelevant rite now.
Come on lottery or some random rich person who will die and leave me a bunch of money. Ready for tropical drink. Take this job and shove it.
Damn it! Just got your tweet now! We would have totally been down!
Just chilling and working. It's gonna be a long hot summer men.
I really hope they straightened up! Last time I saw them-like 2 yrs ago-they were so messed up at their concert!
MT : I wanna see how many projects del Toro can announce and not direct before everyone realizes he died on the set of Hellboy 2.
haha I thought it was for him too(:
How was the lady assassins play?
Damn, ever heard Chain Heavy? Home? My Way? Dope songs to hear dude.
1996, then Metrostars forward Giovanni Savarese bicycle kick goal vs. Tampa Bay in a comeback win.
not your fault hope u had. Good time. Did u tell the host who switched u already had a reservation but wanted to change?
Correction. More followers who support independent theatre. That is the more accurate list of
Baby Girl Dont You Ever Get To Comfortable!
thank u!!
"Where have you been?"
Thanks for helping us spread the word! :)
good question tho RT : You ain't shit for this RT : IS A PIGS PUSSY PORK??<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BD>
Can I step on your state it's so cute and small. It's like you can't even see it on the map! :)
S/0 To FC I love a great meal.
not good. is it just a one start thing??
I keep my circle small. Just because we speak don't make us cool and just because we cool don't make us friends
lololol im the same way!
yea, makes my head hurt just thinking about it.
RT "Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air. They're where they should be. Now put foundations under them." Thoreau
#RIP MCA aka Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys. The hip hop world lost an icon, but the music will keep on living. Never Forget
My 500 tweet. Man, I waste a lot of time on tweeter
The dogs are barking, I can't fall asleep .-.
Happy Friday!
what u mean ?
I remember when I disagreed with the GOP's policies but all sides tried to work out a solution. Americans weren't at war with each other.
haha it's fine thanks and followed (:
follow it's just one button to press xx
I kinda like you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Can you say purp?
Sad there aren't more people at the Yard tonight. C'mon, Baltimore.
#IwishIcould get more Baltimore high school juniors to register for this MAJOR scholarship opportunity:
I love you, can't wait to see you tonight.
go to sleep
Still awake. Why? I'm trying to figure that out.
Someone help me trend something big time rush. how about, #BTRSeason3TONIGHT <U+2665> ? hellppp mee people.
Starting w/ some #good news at Weight of the Nation as announces its newest partner at 9:30 this am with pha ceo + wh chef sam kass
Good Morning Tweeps! What projects do you have in store this week?
Yes! once you establish your brand as an industry expert, you can add endorsements
Things I am not doing right now: 1) watching "A Walk to Remember", 2) crying.
Listening to get free by
With my brother going hard at the gym!
thanks for the memories, A.D., MKG, T.J., D.M., M.T. and D.L. had fun covering this team
Neftali is proving me wrong tonight
IS IT HOOD TO DRIVE A "BOX CIVIC" OR DOES IT HAVE TO BE A "BOX CHEVY"? Ha! #SHOEBOX'
ha ha I'll share a bed ! Wouldn't be the first time :)
and the explorer will be replaced by...?
I find that life makes more sense when I LOVE EVERYONE and EVERYTHING!! <U+2665>
Hope you boys are having fun in FL!!! Cancun reaaalllyyy sucks ;)
Hey Eastsiders, come join us for happy hour
And he is a cutie pie too. But he doesn't like me so I am just going to listen to him sing. <3<3<3<3
aww. My so grumpy? :(
Had the best pizza today at ! If you haven't been....what are you waiting for?
Join today post your highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
ya bru not talking about you we good
I love Night Court!
The "Gloomy times" was exacerbated by the Republican Party of NO & extreme partisanship against American interests
After the action-packed week I've had, I'm just happy my beans are simmering nicely.
I suggest the Mophie. Not only gives you extra battery life, but also protects the phone.
I use version 8 at USC. I would be happy to share my experiences.
The Dems are getting more nuts everyday. They don't seem to realize that people all people have love with their mislead ideas.
same place!
Thanks much for the RTs, my hometown hombres!
Had so much fun at the show last night guys! That's gonna be our last show for the year, but we've got some exciting stuff coming in 2012!
No Twitter, I am NOT interested in following Hilary Rosen
Timothy Burke: #dh is too often Web 1.0 in mindset. // yup!
hell yea morning hustle is right. Bring on the day ill kick its ass.
Manning Street launches a new website: Manningstreetcapital.com
Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself.-William Faulkner
Phils squander a bases loaded no out opportunity but still lead 3-1 going to the bot. of the 7th.
KISS MY BEAUTIFUL CARAMEL ASS
pretty laid back friday here at the shop. rockin out to some gogol bordello and lookin to tattoo YOU!!
"The market's rallying/declining after [insert talking head's name here]'s report on..." As if.
We can go for months and not tune into them, then six months later we look in and the same stuff is going on
Some people spend their whole life wishing for 1 thing, I spend my whole life working for Everything
Good morning, I put wings in the day
great read!
Kinda helpless...
thanks becky!
#LevitatedMass interviewed for doc. Should have put make up on. Hey, I'm a radio person! Fun talking to people about art and engineering
u guys are family !!
I actually did too :) Im still thinking about my crush. Should I dump #CarlosZambrano?
Meantime, got a speedy street? Let us know!
Okay this sleep texting thing has GOT to stop. I've been texting so many people my dreams lately..last night it was my 8th grade teacher wtf
if I have money when I'm older my daughter is so going to be a diva pageant queen
where are you seeing that press release?
>>> I feel you!!!! I'm with you!!!! I got something big coming... You heard my song
Matt Kemp is out of control, I've never seen anything like this. The guy flicks his wrist and hits bombs the other way. It's
Ahh I love winter break :)
Egad. I involuntarily soil myself whenever Mitt Romney is around. All my best silks are ruined.
What garment do you wear over and over?
" Zusi lost tooth. That's why he was down for a minute looking for it "
“: Obama just became the first American President to ever openly support marriage equality. This literally changes everything.”
I'm glad you're still an egg. Haha
You know, it's funny, after all the serious talk and passionate moments, that it ends here, in a health-food restaurant on Sunset Boulevard.
And continuing the great day, Discover was awesome!
Apparently my dental education has prepared me for more than I had hoped. P.S. I treated the staff like chess pieces.
Duck off
tweet her at that's the account she's on right now. X)
is twitting on twatter now:
digging out from piles of work :-) but good! need to move more & #Mamavation more!
I am thoroughly addicted to my #Samsung #GalaxyS2! Technically the Epic 4G with
awesome treatment with the brushes. Great work fellas.
YES RT Kindness is sexy.
Good Day to You! :-) Announcement #1 I have exceeded Twitter's following 2k limit. Please excuse my inability to follow You for now!!
Thanks for the RT :)
Sure, but I'm not their mom. If they want to ignore me on a cell while checking out, I'll still do it with a smile.
They have no confidence in Romney, so they'll throw anything at the wall to see if it sticks.
If you would like us to send you one, that is. :) Forgot a word there.
I have just listened to my messages (way overdue), laughed so hard Scott asked what was wrong, am packing my bags.
Love you Selena!!!! #askselena Do you love One Direction?
I'll show him in the morning when he wakes up. He's gonna be stoked.
Actually, yes. For the price it's a great starter. It has decent tuners, inline instead of offset.
Glory! Jesus grants this lowlife, this dog-woman, what she has asked for
really :) I've been great
I have heard him note that it's the digital humanists whose work tends to get promoted in university news releases ...
Dear Alberta Darling, stop wasting your Koch money on mailing me fliers. I will be voting to recall you. FYI.
where have u been? would love to hear from u. ur my inspiration to overcoming my fear of my gifts...<3
well skip we have to agree its going to be a long week for you! Stephen A your the best in business!
will you have a video I can view later? Will not be In front of computer at that time
lol I know! I'm grown! And I want some sperry's
i don't feel good at all, like both physically and emotionally
I am not a country fan by any means, but I would definitely buy a album! #GirlCanSing!
will you just get here already?
Apparently today is #starwarsday. So I say to you "May the 4th be with you."
Unbelievable sale next week! 20% OFF EVERYTHING. In-Stock,Closeout Room,and even special orders! (*some restrictions apply.Call for details)
RT : "A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm.” ~Henrik Ibsen
...home in time for the 11pm showing of tonight's episode!!!
Who from south florida
One things for sure, your dentist will remain in business filling those cavities.
Jersey Shore !! :)
does anyone in Kansas (or wherever Tallgrass Brewing Co distributes) wanna trade some cali craft beer for some 8 Bit Pale Ale? ?
Nothing, sir. Nothing at all! *Ninja smoke bomb vanish*
Isn't it ironic how We love the ones Who hurt us And hurt the ones Who love us?
Faithful listener, enjoyed Kris's segments very much. John please make him a regular during this season.
I straight up need to get home.
Wish I was there
super high me
2010/2011's extreme winter, warm April, cold summer and dry autumn...
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue are the colors of freedom untill they are flashing behind you...
good luck! that program looks hardcore!
What flickering lights mean: 1% electrical problem. 99% demons.
Unbelievably excited to be a member of the cast of the FINAL EPISODE of #DesperateHousewives!! TV HISTORY : )
there's always the party in my pants...
Ready to get my dinner on! Phew, don't know about anyone else, but I'm hungry...
Guy: I WON THE LOTTERY.! Girl: OMG.! Guy: Pack Your Shit.! Girl: What Should I Pack.? Guy: Everything, Bitch You Gotta Go.! Lmaooo
you change my whole life :))))))
It's really good! I've never seen it before!
Back to the land of cabbage and sturgeon
Photography creates new realms for the artist # photography
Its part of this country nasty history. Take responsibility for it.
and now i write.
I lack compassion too, but I don't care.
unfollowing. We get you're straight, but all your tweets are just rude and hurtful.
Before I say anything else, I love my Moms B!
On tilt w/ NCAA hoops yet? has $5 & vodka for the bleary eyed tonight. EVERY game on the flat screens. Don't be scurd.
I've heard it both ways. You're saying gee as in geek? Or gee as in the letter "G"?
Pro tip: Turns out $45 cab ride to karaoke actually costs whatever you have in cash. Cabbies don't like plastic here.
What's your favorite #TED video? RT or DM your 7 minute suggestions to and we may feature your pick at #TEDxAdMo!
Wake yo punk ass up!! (In my MC Eight voice) Time to make $$$$
maybe this'll mean we won't have to pay income taxes???
Haha that is very unfortunate. I hope your other attempts boded better :)
Does beer and popcorn count for carb loading? ;)
south dakota!!!!
on the east coast watching the cleveland show. Fart cancer.
thank you! and I are head over heels in love.
oh cool
Success!! Thanks,
Happy Birthday Fool!!!!
I could use one of those Dawn Bergeron hugs. :)
Yeah it is a good deal. Kinda like Netflix with all the movies and shows. Free books too.
new icon is as inscrutable as last. But less creepy from a distance.
About to interview before his show tonight at SPACE in Evanston. His new CD, "One Day Die," dropped 3/29. Good stuff!
": McDonald's breakfast again today"
Confidence is the result of hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication. -Roger Staubach
NOW Serving "ALL YOU CAN EAT LUNCH BUFFET". Include Full Salad Bar, Pizza, Pastas, Meatballs and More. Come in with ur friends family & etc.
You are one of a kind.
there doing big things how can u be a "business" these days with out a we code people hit them up asap
awesome song i always thought cudi made that tune...but of course..the one and only bobby dyl
Country boys everywhere <3 m love it!!!! Wish he was here, he'd be my favorite :(
okay!!! I got you.
Fantastic mood
Ayy Ladies<U+2190>--Travis Porter <U+266A><U+266A>Bend touch yo toes :p
RT : RT : When you judge me without knowing me, you don't define me, you define yourself.
Any special plans for May 8? 1884 seems like only yesterday...
Such a wonderful rehearsal with & I can't express how amazing it feels to sing with the two of you!
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything
I would say if you're mildly educated you should know those.
I meant to mention in that tweet too :(
#PrettyLittleThings was originally a 145 page screenplay following a man who was a guitar player.
Woke up to a busted water heater. No worries my paintings absorbed most the water...
Heeldo! Want to send product samples to The Crash Pad? Maybe we can use in a shoot!
Or should I say I'm sorry?
||Ukraine|| freedom is not free..
are we still going paintballing friday? And do yall wanna come over my house tomorrow
I didn't do the science Cus my dad didn't want me 2 :-)
Getting prettier everyday lol
Man, this ramen is going to taste good.
definitely!!! RT : haha marinelayerproductions.com has been so hacked...
He says he is willing to wait i hope he is serious and really is down to wait cause i dont wanna loose him all because im making him wait
How do people just let their kids run around stores like that...?
I forgot a comma in my last tweet. That bothers me. I freaking hate grammatical errors on any level
that should be on your resume......
Congratulations to Suh for winning Rookie of the Year! We're so lucky to have the Suhnami in the D.
k thank you very much (:
Everyone go follow
back at work and feeling like vacation never happened. Boo!
I need a spring break, think my boss would mind if I called with spring fever this week??
hope you had a good day <3
Billey #Talen is a homosexual... I bet it will come out soon
thanks Tom. Enjoy your Sunday night.
1. You're perfect. 2. How old are you again? 3. What does that mean lmaooo
Important new book publishing tomorrow.More to come.
Feeling the love this week :)
10 seconds into Mad Men - Pete Campbell references death, life insurance, and suicide.
your players are , , (izbjt)
I forgive you. You crack me up.
#PeopleLikeUs is a movie you guys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> you obviously haven't been to the movies lately...
totally hear ya
if he gets coaching and off. moves, he could be a top 5 center
I apologize we didn't have Milanesa. I will share your suggestion with Kuko. - Bryan
Katy Perry To Rock Billboard Music Awards!
goal for tonight: read only A LITTLE before bed. last night I started a new book & couldn't put the damn thing down, I was up til 2am. oops
yea it was good seeing you again to.. the workshop was a lot of fun!
Since it's so cold outside did you bring your lunch today so you don't have to go out?
Great concert yesterday with Valerie Hartzel at Settlement Music School with
Not sure why or how but and I both lost all of our apps during the update process...
canne wait for chinese tonight!
Wow. It's the 20th anniversary of the #LARiots. So long ago? Feels like it was yesterday. Folks are tweeting about 's documtry on now.
Thanks for the follow.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084>
I am Tinker Bell and when i touch you you love me
hey! We're playing @ Busbys on Wilshire tomorrow night @ 8.15pm. $10 for a show and all you can drink!!
maybe because he was in love with the attention he received from everyone? maybe he didn't want to be officially alone
let me know lol
Where on EARTH are you? (Or should I say where in the HELL are you?)
I Love You too babe!!!!!! <U+E418>RT Happy valentines day to all the beautiful women!!! I love you!!
If we lose the Nassau Coliseum and the #Isles it would be devastating to our local economy. We cannot allow this to happen.
Sunburn Myths Stripped bare: Your risk of skin cancer is greater when you're a kid. After 50, forgetaboutit! Stay tuned.
You might have to suit up for Game 3
Thanks for the great map graphics panel. Finally some video people at #nicar12!
when a certain administrator thinks like the seniors actually still care about school
Was supposed to leave #clt 5 hours ago. 2 planes and 2 mechanicals later, I am no closer to #sfo, home, or sleep.
RT : As one goes through life, one learns that if you don't paddle your own canoe, you don't move. ~ Katherine Hepburn
I'm in my bed at 10:30 but then I get on Ellen Degeneres YouTube channel and time literally flew.
- couldn't be happier. i've found someone that'll love me till the end, someone who understands me, someone that'll love me for me.<3
IT DIDNT RECORD ON MINE :(
Good Morning!! -_- Don't forget to have something for breakfast!
5th period hope <
waited for you.
haha those are awesome ones!!
Ok, if you're willing to travel & on the north side, take Red Line to Loyola & 155-Devon bus west. Try Usmania or Anmol BBQ.
of course it would be in Highland!! thanks girl, we'll be sure to visit
So this time it should be really good
I'm hungry I think I want some nuggets from McDonald's.
Me! We should Skype(;
pssst... did I hear that has FINALLY hit Seattle?? WHO is using it here? *cough* lol
Nirvana, You're heading to a lady gaga's concert so get ready and pick up your things.
But New York is not as fun! haha
I'd say I'm about one in a million. I've probably only seen 2 people in my life sing in their cars as ridiculously as I do.
Yes about both<U+E40D>
So in Denver on a 3 hour layover. Still debating whether or not to get an epic Bald Eagle statue, you know to symbolize my bad ass-edness
If I could forgot him I would plz believe me
Wow, you're welcome :)
RT : My lucky 888th tweet! I'd like to dedicate it to the workers of #Guangdong who made my iPhone, television, shoes,...
We have the new re-issue copies of Modern Primitives available now! $25 soft back, $50 hard back, only 2 hard back left!
<3RT : If money goes one way and your passion goes another, follow your passion every time the money will soon follow.
Contemporary Black Finish Solid Wood Night Stand Review
It's lunch time!!! We've got pizza by the slice, salads and more! Fresh, hot, easy!!
Fact: I've listened to multiple hours of that Christmas CD & plan on playing it louder in office as the holiday draws near.
Just sat in the DeLorean.
Guys, the #Mets-Brewers series is over. There's no chance for retaliation. They play the Reds next.
Harry E. Johnson, the man behind the #MLK #Monument in DC & a #TSU grad was commencement speaker. He was awarded an honorary doctorate.
has really quick hands for a big guy.
What a phenomenal day at #DECALDA! Did that just rhyme?
GET IT!!! So happy for you.
we should! (:
Wait do you mean the state or the street??I live near that street too!!:)
between these and FB, I barely have time to work....kidding kindof
he's from Ghana, they made him Jamaican because they felt he'd be better accepted
I'm working the midnight showing of #twilight on thursday as projectionst. So don't piss me off or ill start your movie late! Go
Oh no not a vuvuzela
Coffey tonight at the Dream Center!!!!!
yea I think not ;)
Story of my life! RT Another solid round spoiled by two off holes, I need to put together a full 18 one of these days.
Your hands are vehicles of contamination. #don'touchme
What u thinkin boutRT : Ain't even thinkin bout sleep right now
mind blown. How much time will this save?
no actually im very adorable thank you very much
"All men are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality." --Dr. Martin Luther King
My baby has his first ear infection. NOT a milestone we're celebrating. Hopefully his new Yo Gabba Gabba doll makes it a little bit better.
I want the / Rebecca Minkoff giveaway!
lol. Yeah, the days of relevance for NME ended with The End of 90s Britpop.
Just talked some #FSU conference realignment with Be on the lookout for the podcast later!
Matt LaPorta who knew.
dat whole email u could of saved it.
not much, how are you? :)
One man says: "b/c of Sunhara we have many new programs in our village. The women are more advanced and are learning a lot"
The weekend is almost here again! What movies are you excited to go see?
Aaaannnnd Animal House is up on the iPad. Thanks for the time suck! :)
What happened to DevEatEmRight ?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
“: thats the way it should be. Give these hoes no love lol.” - all that superficial shit holds no place in my life
10 more days left of school...
I lost myself lookin for you
Grizzlies be kickin' ass!
win a spot at the private event. #1DNewEnglandContest my dream though
Gobble, Gobble y'all!!<U+E41E>
i left a glass of wine outside. gnat holocaust
RT : And incest isn't a great genetic strategy! > yeah, was a problem for the pharaohs! (how are you?)
welcome back to the Chi Luk ...
That awkward moment when your alone with the guy you like
“: #Aries would rather be spontaneous than plan, so life with them will be full of change and possibility.” true
You are a character ...there is no one youer then you..
What should I do for my bday
well, you're the one who suggested it was "our" Post, so why knot? Besides Pershing never lived on Post while he was COS
Son I think me you dee and Brandon the only ones that listened to DSR lol
North Carolina beach in 3 weeks... yes
I wonder
Hi Gina, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
RT: : Just be yourself and let that be your guide. <~~ & if people don't like you, don't let them in your life.
Your RT this to win link is broken :( but I really wanna RT and win!
I would like a pineapple. I'll have to go to the shop!
are you sure it's not your ears that hurt from my terrible singing?
If you put a period after a joke on Twitter, it feels like a cheesy rimshot
I love the feeling when I stretch and my whole body goes numb and relaxed.
And #SDSU falls to NC State...
doing great what have you been up to?
sorry guys i don't tweet alot on this account go follow my other one lol lo sorry
stop with your bullshit, already. leave me tf alone.
": A total of 51,545 mail ballots have been received by this office by yesterday. On pace for a 30% turnout."
Electric word, life; it means forever and that's a very long time.
Our Jazz will be on the 15TH from 7pm to 9pm! The next night we will have Flamenco Guitar from 7pm to 10pm!
Riighhhht...?!?! Ha. I don't need to go there to get followers. ;)
yes to give him more weapons not to replace anyone
Unreal! #Blagojevich is stopping at a burger joint. Guess you cant blame him for wanting to a) eat a last meal b) delay as long as possible
If you love Justin, Selena, Christian, Miley, or Demi I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW ME BACK :) #FOLLOWBACK! <3 <3
I had no clue darren sutton and I were both full time supporters of
My hometown is on fire folks, Los Alamos, New Mexico. Heartbreaking
Grateful that I learned how to drive a moving truck this summer.
Little known fact: Madonna's biggest hit to date is "Take a Bow," a song written and produced by Babyface. It spent seven weeks at #1 in '95
(English Proverb) Use soft words and hard arguments.
Soglin says Lack of responsiveness will tell that little will be done in 2012.
lol why doe
Get DISH with sling-adapter so your kids at college can watch the home DVR free. No sense paying two bills, right? John - 350-6428
A fantastic breakfast with Perfect start to #gdc. I recommend his talk on Thursday at 11:30!
Sometimes , imiss being a little kid . :o
he just told me what he's making me for dinner. chicken alfredo with white wine. what the fuck?! im on the fancy shit!!
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. -Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Avoid instructions about your form that make you feel awkward or uncomfortable- let your body tell you what works and what doesn’t!
holy flippin canoodle is extremely sexy.
can't wait to see Ur concert
Me. "I'm not the most pure, nor am I the most kind hearted, but I do genuinely care about people." -
wyd this weekend?
Missed first half hour of glee but should be able to watch the rest.
god I bet you were up early! :L fun times eh? I'm not gonna be able to sleep! :(
Eyebrow threading is the worst pain !
haha yeah, I was leaning towards creeped out. How the hell did that even come up exactly?
Got to our event site an hour and a half early-and the mall isn't even open yet. What to do?!
Good morning everyone
Danny Wagstaff a sore finger still way better on guitar than me...twat!
If God had intended us to drink beer, He would have given us stomachs
": omg how was I ever best friends with you?"
No Job = No Problems.
OK. I'll follow for a while and see what's up. Thanks!
Nothing to do next Tuesday? Come and see one of your fellow students talk about their experiences studying overseas! 5pm in Hill (LeBow 240)
I enjoyed speaking to GWU MBA students last night about Goodwill and social media. Thx for your hospitality -
#Wranglers score first. Goal by 1-0
bc it's "unbiblical" lol. I'm WAITING for someone to say something negative about it in front of me. ;)
Online shopping is such a dangerous thing :X
aw. i hoped you had taken an interest in my well being.
PSA - the parking lot directly behind the building is now exclusively for our patrons. Happy parking.
Element seems like a poor man's version of Aria downtown. Had fun but they put the fog machine in the worst place. *cough* *cough*
RT : The City Planning staff lost would be 2 senior planners -- 2 out of 16.
a left-handed batter that can't hit anyone is always worse than a right-hander who maybe can't hit lefties.
Who would like to hire Rania Michael? librarian of egyptian descent...a progressive library is a diverse library
ultimately the capitalist system makes money on what sells. we have to starve it on both ends. End corn subsidies!
RT There is no "i" in team, but there is a "me" in meh.
“: shoot andy k & andy m a hey for me:) oh & hey u miss bizz. ;) #cltfood #savemeacupcakeplease” yum
Suit up NFL players! Hope you stayed in shape! #NFLLockout is over.
Christmas is NOT about us.
are you a bag of garbage, 'cause i'd like to take you out next wenesday ;)
It's unusual to see an alive raccoon walking down the middle of the road.
Looks like Norah Jones is returning with her friends/band The Little Willies for a new album! January couldn't come any sooner
but comfy, I bet!
or coughing in the studio during an interview? I say David.
but that's cool...I've got it reset to factory default and in the box ready to go
Wtf is up with these spidercrickets? Crazy ass bugs at the lake, yo.
Today Feb 1st 2011 is Launch Day! Our doors are OFFiCiALLY OPEN!
My parents told me that's why I even exist.
Time to reboot so I must lay it down.. Goodnite world../just wasnt my time intil now....Amen
Kimberley, I am trying to DM you but I can't until you follow me back.
Sometimes in life you just got to say "What the hell" and go for it.
awww, you just made my day. i love you to <3
Thanks! It is going to be so much fun!
Happy Saturday!
DA adds 3 more alleged victims to sex molest/false imprisonment charges against former SDPD officer. 8 total victims, 22 counts
That was sketchy..
one woman said all she wanted from a man was to have him 5'11" tall
Watching Hannah Montana on Netflix. I actually miss this show. :)
I believe people who DON'T have children do not have any business criticizing anyone's parenting. It's an idiotic thing to do.
sun filtering in on sunday morning, coffee and a book. i am suddenly overwhelmed by content.
um yes please!
takes one to know one, youngster.
that is sexxxay!
I have been obsessed with the coverage of Dick Clark's death..he helped so many of us appreciate all kinds of music...he was the best...RIP
When my dad tells me something and I tell him I already know and he continues to tell me anyways <<<<<<<,
Well, we made it through Monday, so that is a good thing. Good morning!
You might slowly win me over to using just one space between sentences, but you'll pry my Oxford comma from my cold, dead hands.
Congrats Phil on your 40th win on the PGA tour
Nate's numbers are also kind of inflated because he's had less at-bats and had all those hits in the doubleheader.
ready for #hurricanirene bring it on
One phrase I keep telling myself.."We're never given more than we can handle"
To lose one pound of
There are a lot of people who call you by your name...but there is only ONE person who can make it sound so damn special
1Wk Before NXBL Season Opener 5/28 Orlando Dragons vs Polk County Wildcats at Chain of Lakes Stadium, Winter Haven FL @ 7pm www.n-xbl.com
Ehh. Change my username or what ?
Yeah and I friended her too thinking it was you. It was definitely not you, just fyi.
I celebrate you! Big hugs : )
I'm still laughing when you said that shit look like a possum
Today's Password is "six million dollar man"
I'm sorry boo!
Just wanted you to say it! LOL
And I love you back, you're such an amazing friend and person!!! <3
HAPPENING TO ME RIGHT NOW
"who's my home girl on the end" Oh the things said at band
“To learn to #read is to light a fire; every syllable that is spelled out is a spark.” -Victor Hugo
Thanks for the mention!
Watching the Cowboys game in Austin to end out a great weekend!
Hi thanks for the follow!
and... again.. what does any of that have to do with the death of Trayvon Martin? Keep your eye on the ball, Richard.
I hate the Wings and I'll even say that they're going to win this one.
I had a good time, but I don't think as much as you did...lol
probably a good idea. my novel isn't working, maybe something more dense will do the trick at this point.
You rock #FF! Nuff said! Thanks!!!!
i'm so insecure that when people laugh in the hallway i feel hey are laughing at me...
If you're causing no harm then, you are alright with me
You mean the moon colony? Previous tweet is total fabrication but hoping to guilt him into it :)
anyone going be in cancun next week..... bi sub cd/ts girl alone on strip
like ambient noise to fall asleep to! Waves and wind and whales and whatnot haha. Its daytime where you're at huh?
Better to report issues yourself rather than an outside organization reporting it for you.
thank you! I managed to have a great one
ima need eryby at #NAHS to vote for prom queen !
Seeing movie tonight. Preparing myself to cry, esp. bc my boyfriend looks nearly identical to
HI everyone!!!
LOVE this
This blanket is so sofft >>>> :) #I'mLovinIt
Thanks for the RT today Kate! have a wonderful evening!
Still waiting for u to notice my tweets and someday choose to fallow! Lol. Have a great night! Peace!
Don't blast your girl to some you don't know
Send to receive.
don't let your following get too far ahead of your followers. Keep the numbers in sync. :)
last night was definitley inspiration to create a new raven today...who's sparkin up the protools?
For some reason Oprah's bff has been a guest on CBS morning news for months. She must be promoting something on oxygen channel.
i got hourly usage limit on my other acc -.- ~dannah
hey how are ya? Missed your tweets today:)
questions about what?
I dont see a beer in that picture?
If Vision can come from any level so can leaders RT : Can leaders come from any level?
“: Wow, why are u so hawt ” cuz Jesus loves me...I think lol
- Which was more hopeless, Grind'r or the food court at the mall?
Meta: fascinating to watch someone else do mid-level (c) education to library audience. Techniques, metaphors, even "stage persona"...
If all the rich people in the world divided up their money among themselves there wouldn't be enough to go around.
Two reassuring LA voices: Vin Scully and Chip Murray. Glad that both are going strong.
Just re-installed my computer from a FB virus. Went well, but what a lot of work!
but Mitch sucks
doing great!
you think you know who the guest tweeter is today? Who do you think I am?
Rudy Gay though he to real
no chance in the NBA. Too slow, knees r gone“: Love to see Hummel in a Cavs uniform. kids a winner. and a shooter. #cavsneeds”
ah thanks “: following me gone weak at the knees”
Tomorrow's Beagle Bash will go on as planned according to Beagle Rescue of Southern Maryland (BRSM), Inc. Hope to see you there!
love that!!
the video I sent u :) It is about many thing that is just one :)
I'm excited for the weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I just blinked
Follow ? il list 20x!
We're gonna save the world tonight
It's under Step 1 ... to get your stats printed on the cards select it as a Preferred Network or get the badge
Talk stupid, hate on me it ain't nun but motivation
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3 xoxo
#extremereunion the REAl extreme this weekend
People at #scholarlyattrib who want to know more about VIVO may want to check out #vivoifest12 (in progress today, albeit w/o many tweets)
#bgt cupcakes and cornflake cakes with
Welcome to #Creative Good! Any questions, give a shout. Best, Jeff cc
Spanish party tomorrow n I cant bring #Shidd :/
my mom survived thyroid cancer... 7 years ago
the halls were not completely closed. There were housing options for over the break, but it was up to the student to take them.
started playing guitar then some odd little girl started staring at me thru my window o.o
everybody that lives in Dallas Tx. go to the show w/ IFAF, Dream On, Dreamer on the 29th at The Door!
“: Nike asks him if it's ok to do it.”
his most just died :(
thank you! We WILL see u in 2012!
Almost at my gf house
It's crazy how many GREAT people I know. It surprises me each and every day :)
The number of friends updating their Google+ accounts dropped from three to one. Pretty sure Google+ isn't much longer for this world.
that was really disturbing. i didn't know my little cousin was like that. aha creepy ass kid
Go to bed lol (:
who would? #poisonchalice seeing as only the league title is good enough for the fans and UCL is only good enough for owners
My mother, my friend so dear. Throughout my life you are always near. A tender smile to guide my way. You are the sunshine to light my day.
Nope, still went to Loyalty Day in Reedsburg to pay tribute to all our past and present service members! They marched on anyway!
CNN blurb at bottom.....Facebook dumps 20,000 underage users a day
Are you familiar with the book entitled The Courageous Follower?
Gnat still in my office today. It has seemingly followed me to the kitchen, to my car and back. Beginning to feel more like a King novel.
yay! U unblocked me!:D lmfao
good umm we can just chill at your house i guess and watch netflix or somthing but im going running after school so after that
Mind over matter , regardless of the matter...
Lakers support head coach Brown after Magic's prediction
Scallops -- parsley root / sea beans/ lemon / crispy horseradish / sturgeon roe
“: #np "Two Occasions" - The Deele.”>>>classic
Hell yea 12 pack of pb cookies for $1
In Hall H waiting for ! Been waiting for this all day!!
hey at least you win the "first pork-based injury of the year" prize
Here's a toast to laying close.
Prom Season is upon us!! Call us for all your prom needs! Eyelash Extensions, Spray Tan, Makeup and of course HAIR!!
Why cant driver communicate? RT Apparently there's unscheduled track work on the Blue/Orange lines.
Anybody from itsmy
Mid 70's for the last 5 days! San Diego weather is the real deal!
i'm big time now. didn't you know?
Too the bitches who call me names think im a home wrecking whore . IM FLAWLESS AND U JUST JEALOUS. DUSTING U BITCHEZ OFF MY SHOULDER
woo!!! I love IM5!!!!!!! Love you Gabe hope you get Famous onedya!!!! <3
WE HAVE BOYS LRG!!!
Teaching Teenas son how to be a monster. :)
a little bra.....i just wanna ride w the top down, n smoke weed w my nigggass
Got new trucks and a fisheye <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Is anyone going to the Pop Up Dinner at Fenway Park with this week? We are excited to be going! Hope to see you there.
Ted should suck on some anti-psychotic medications.
thank you so much:) spread the word
Hate my effing phone
They said "The Freaks Come Out At Night" lolololol - Watch chaself!
Thanks Isaac, appreciate the kind words and excited about the addition!
One time for my beloved #Chase. *holdstrong *roughroadahead
: but commercials Lol
Getting ready for work.
it's cool of you want Saturday's but way you got to lie bro
left wing/right wing - both meaningless cliches.
#hungergames best movie I've seen all year. #oscarbuzz?
Nice win #Ravens...Happy Monday Baltimore!
Up early heading to SWEAT to start the holiday weekend off right. Then college football all weekend.
I'm an idiot that's what. You probably already know everything lol
So glad i have Caitlin to keep you all updated :) <3 IM SLACKIN! hahah love you all nebraskan directioners :) -G!
Skinny-dipping in non-private pool, late, on a dark night - foolhardy, or fine? (Looking for a bit of support to bolster my impulse.)
My mom got mad at me for yawning
I hate Comcast.
Glad to follow back!!
Just met reps from Japan, China, Finland, and Canada at the #ccid2012 global arena! Looking forward to new partners
Are you aware a TEAM of fellows helped Thomas Edison invent the light bulb? Absolutely it was a breakthrough team.
Situation in Jakarta just like the stronghold game..
how can I check out your apps?
usally i would be but i stayed home and people are coming over so i had to clean my kitchen.
#FF to #wedding tweeps for the start of wedding season:
Supposed to be sunny again all week (:
Yep! I saw it last week...and made angry. Will prolly see it again this w/e with my sister. Loved it!!
shout out twitter
ABSOLUTELY! And, thank you as well!
#1 Scotty "fade away" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net
peace here on Sunday and roll to NC for a couple days. I'll be back to the city next wed
Hey Michael! Thanks for the follow!
good stuff. I guess you got a new twitter! Haven't seen Chance in a min...
Have to admit, that was a gutsy 4th quarter effort from the #Celtics. Wow. Tons of credit due Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett.
Then he'd be 5 Chainz. Don't you actors know math?
In 47 states you can practice interior design without a license. In the other 3 (and DC) it requires an average of 2100 hours of training.
Does anyone have a scan of Quine's "Reply to Morton White?"
ack! giving a presentation using prezi... in 17 minutes!
I think about more than I forget Always sayin the right things
The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord
LOL!! girl bye, I wish you had a video lol
New install at South Point Casino, Empire game near Grandview bar
Looking forward to this one! RT : Prepping up Chris Bosh for tomorrow's Jim Rome is Burning. ESPN2 4:30pm EST/1:30 PST.
The feeling is mutual :)
geez, with all this icing in the first period I feel like I'm in a bakery... #bad hockey/pastryjokes
The Golden Eagles were led by three runs from Bryan Clemmons, two RBI from Kyle Meadors and DH Cameron Norris' 3-for-3 plate performance.
Love spelled backwards is evil "evol" -Patrick
*beats head on desk* oh monday, why you gotta do me so wrong?
There is nothing less cool than Jeremy Scott Adidas shoes
Likewise!! You guys are great.
The boy, agreed. "Be careful. That's what he says," he refers to old man. So, now I'm having lunch, glad I got the exercise, but really...
Understand Ur Girl's Silence, Because Sometimes It's Her Loudest Cry.
Have to take this big ol' book to school.
With the #Knicks looking terrible right now...trick shot pool is looking way more entertaining
Don't let the wintry weather get you down! We've got baclavas, cold weather cycling gloves & wind & weather proof gear. Stay warm!
This is the continuation of something big. 4 more years of better schools and city services. That's what citizens want and need. Join us.
What a beautiful afternoon. We are no longer scheduling repairs for this week. We can schedule your repair for next week.
I know.
#RedSox auctioning autographed 1912 unis worn vs yanks in the 100th anniv game. $3000 souvenir from blown 9 run lead game? Nope.
you should audition for #Sytycd for real, your a great dancer, you can do this, that's why you are a heroe!!
I'm sure it will :) Just enjoy the energy rush and productivity while you can!
SHAME ON NORTH CAROLINA FOR MONDAYS VOTE....!!!!! WAKE UP GAYS....STOP VISITING NORTH CAROLINA.......!!!!!!!
Yes, hope this ends soon enough. Have you found anything out about who they're after?
has endorsed Falk. MTI has not made an endorsement in the Gov race.
R.i p whitney houston will always be remember as a legend
were you behind Kmart, next to LA Fitness? It's in Suite 100.
yes he was
RT : How'd you like to score an agent in 30 days? Learn the secret from expert Join our live stream TONIGHT 4PST/5MST/7EST
Phineas And Ferb Been On Summer Break For 3 Years Now Oms Wish I Was Them
come to OR
"Well, I wish I was a catfish. Swimming in the whole deep blue sea. I'd have all you good lookin' women, sho enough come swimming after me."
Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams
A doc that popped yesterday in the #AGvHT case suggests some of the author plaintiffs are "too busy" to participate! Salamanca included.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Dr. Fresh Floss Holders and most oral care products.
... platform choices, I mean. Thx.
How d fuck do we miss dat shot!
you couldnt see me but I was watching..I LOVE YOU!!
Oprah and Meryl Streep are both dressed as #Oscars tonight.
hahah yeah I bet! I did too though I was hunnnngyyy!
I wouldn't mind seeing the #Yotes man up at least ONCE in this series.
Hopefully with my boy tonight<3
fine , and you
Awe! Thank you!
Yes, am seeing it tonight. They do a mighty nice opening reception too.
we have such exciting lives
I've seen team rules that included "don't cook fish in the microwave". Again, necessary?
Agreed. Very moving! “: My favorite song was "Stay". Gorgeous voices and great song. I even got tears eyed.”
hey! my skype name is jgarman000 can't seem to find you!
There's no better way to look at life than that
"Plaxico Burress returns home to his family, accidentally shoots them"
MALL - FOOD COURT (6PM TIL 9PM) handing out flyers for the FREAKNIC MANSION PARTY - THIS FRIDAY NIGHT - (ADDRESS INFO ON THE FLYER)
Let's go Tiger!!
If ur a music lover....follow
Blue Lagoon featured in Seventeen Magazine Gift Guide.
last Thursday of 2010! have a great day!
My parents are nice, they'll late a friend stay over for a whole month if they're having problems they understand.
in the gym bored
: Easy enough to write a template release and drop in the name if they're picked...
I've been running 1 mile at a time at PT since the fall. I started running 4 miles a couple weeks back. Increasing days&miles
Snappy suit!
Last night I couldn't sleep due to the wind and my house creakin' like whoa, today it's 200 public square's turn to creak in the wind. scary
nothin I did DM u cause u was suppose give me a good s/o cause u gave me a weak s/o but dnt worry bout it no more
Scary cleats up slide by Myers...e-gats.
ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER $ LIFE IS GOOD !!! REP N DA HEADS THAT WANNA GLOW & GIVE N EM A HIT OF THIS FLY SHIT ! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
Man, I love college. Congrats bro
OMG a mi tanbien:)
not even!
Sir take a nap and get off twitter haha
Migraine no bueno!
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar
People will be surprised at how balanced the film is. Walker's a tool, but some left-wingers act a fool in the film also.
At 6 pm, the VA House is only on budget amendment #65; judicial vacancies need to be filled. Looks like it'll be a long night in Richmond.
RT : Listening to Rachel Dratch's memoir on audio. It is GREAT. Now want to be her best friend.
it was fun! Lots to talk to u ab.. Remind me to tell u ab Wesley! Let's get together Thursday for drinks?:)
Aways feel bad when I get caught trying to take a pic of epic mustache-jean short combos. Wait, scratch that, no I don't. It's their fault.
I will... best book ever :)
People piss me off...
people please follow me im trying to beat my sis
LMAO at the 76ers celebration last night. ARE YOU KIDDING ME????
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
it's pretty great. The wait lists are a little long though. People are really using it which is fantastic.
Knock KnockWho's there !Byron !Byron who ?Byron new suit !
[1 - 0] Houston Dynamo beat DC United
Not gettin respect <
People Who always make everything about them smh
RT : Today in 1962: test pilot Lou Schalk flies A-12 (precursor to SR-71) becoming airborne during high-speed taxi trials:...
Thank goodness it's Friday!
How many times do we need to type #levilowrey to get #levilowrey trending?! Sheesh. People are getting sleepy over here but I <3
Kirk Cameron is in a firestorm re: his comments on homosexuality. His views represent his faith. Stand firm Kirk. Many agree & are praying!
tv. It's back now. CLTV worked fine.
God forgive me, I been hurt by a couple niggas That's why I wake up, say my prayers and be like 'Fuck a nigga!!!
almost finished moving to #apple #mac. Must say though NOT an easy task to import iTunes etc. You'd think Apple would have an app for that
7 am waking up in the morning gotta it snooze so I don't wake up
it just seems to be long lasting.. :(
Holy shit. & killed it tonight! The show was awesome. Thanks to all who came out!! <3
Happy Hump Day! Spend your Weds. night with us. Great food and beverages, games and maybe some shopping too!
I just found out that I take part of my math final tomorrow. I'll be doing nothing but studying for the next 24 hours.
. for takoma park city council @ #progressparty! (better known as anti-citizens united crusader )
I heard you on the radio, I couldn't help but smile, in the city only for a while
Asap rocky wit swizz beatz track is Nice
DO U LIKE MY PROFIL???
#patriots crowd loving ocho's first catch at Gillete
Drive is basically a Google Docs upgrade. Still skeptical, think a personal cloud is most secure.
Waffle House. Grg and Jaymz conquer the smothered/covered/chunked/peppered/topped hash browns. And the juke box...
okay don't hate me I got another new phone and dont have your number. Text me? :)
These birds are scary as shit
Passport Through Time to feature museums of Bradford County - Towanda Daily Review
Are the #Packers now considered an "international" company once stock is sold in Canada? Should take them out of overseas games
okay whatever
I'll be releasing my first music video on Monday at 7:00pm!! spread the word and make sure to check it out! :) RT
#CodyFact Dolphins are Cody's Favorite animal, Not Turtles.
You enjoy that Roos win Sunday?
HAPPY NEW YEAR
What a Beautiful day here in Houston... Mid Jan with a high of 73. Enjoy the great weather everyone!
I wonder if the commish overdoes his punishments so that when the player appeals the time is cut to what it should be.
any annoy repetitive sound and people talking
You'll be fine! Just hug a pillow and you'll be good to go!
appreciate the love bro. Spread the word. I'm back.
BRING THE THUNDER~!
Next time you rent a car at the Sac Airport...check out Dollar and Thrifty Car Rentals. Jan Pro is so excited to be cleaning their facility.
cant wait for season 2 lol
I love how it looks feels and smells out before or after rain SO much omg
lol you saying you got one that night? What can I say I'm a heavy smoker
Them free throws daww :/
actually, is too embarrassed to use my actual words.
plus the betemit signing really means Damon isn't needed
I have the apartment to myself and TLC is working. Solid day off.
#Rupaulsdragrace Time for to steal the show!
I really need another
The Onion writes itself. “: Climate Alarmist Calls For Burning Down Skeptics' Homes...”
:O i know...im tired ... i fell asleep in school like 3 times : P
- any good books on the history of football tactics that you would recommend?
i am here for u bro
Tonight: Mates of State with Sean Bones and Canary Oh Canary Doors @ 7pm $15.00
'twas great playing with you all again. Have fun in our hometown of Minneapolis tonight!
Thank you so much. Your trademark 'here to serve, here to help' is audible in person and in twittersphere!
I need vodka in and around my mouth... STAT!!!
would love to chat about cross promotional opportunities with Brian Kortovich. Please give me a shout at
Exelon acquisition of Constellation approved - and the last Fortune 500 company headquartered in Baltimore is all but gone. sniff. sniff
It would have been better if it were Mensa bread though!!
Hey -- I'm wearing white jeans today. Are we still friends?
Aw. The motor cycle man is all pouty cause he's stuck in the back up. He' like "im supposed to be free ridin' "
Thank you to all of the dedicated teachers of We're lucky to be able work with you
My baby turns 3 tomorrow. I'm so lucky to have given birth to someone I consider such a great friend, already.
When guys take selfies <<<
I can't believe would be away from a computer on a day like today. Would Jim Lehrer try to report on an election from his BB?!
Just watched casually solve a Rubik's Cube WITHOUT LOOKING. I, for one, welcome our new astrophysicist overlords.
There's a town called "Tittybong" in Australia.
#Gators score a run, 5-3!
ah! It's similar to hunger games. Kev is reading the book and really likes it so far!
If a boy is a Mahomie - instant turn on.(;
I'll tell you tonight which The Wanted guy is hot(c
don't forget, there's two extra scenes- stay for the credits!
Cant wait until Taylor Swift is done with whatever so I can turn back up the sound.
launched elegant new dashboard w/real time touch/gesture based device specific analytics, community networks & Pinterest support
I gave you part of me to make you fall in love with me..
yeah I think I did hear him say something about Oahu. Lol
Are U Gonna Get Back To Me About The Skype On Ur B Day Or Something Please RT!!!
lol do text me and we'll see if I can help
Workweek finally complete! 3 days off starting NOW! 7 hours until I meet for the killer chest/shoulder training day! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Protecting rich women is an option MT : In 2012, it's easier to get GOP to vote to protect tax cuts than to protect women.
OUT RIDING ENJOYING THIS NICE DAY WIT MY HUSBAND!
ur posts always get me excited
-I Really Love The Guy/Man Dat Im With..He Show Mhe So Much Happiness Nd I Love Him I Need Yhu Nd Yhu Need Mhe So Baby Stay-!
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
ages indeed, i've been keeping myself busy. 'bout ready to go back to my city though. and yourself?
wait, what the hell are you* talking about?
will do :)
okay I followed you! Follow back? (:
really though I've been craving a burrito for at least 12 hours now
Wow. RT : Apparently, telling a girl that she "kinda looks like Tom Petty" is generally not received as a compliment.
Same. Peace and love and learning and acceptance.
Any fat chicks had her back titties sucked before?
"once in awhile you get shown the light in the strangest of places if you look at it right"
it feels good after the pain of pounding the treadmill.
Im getting my first tat tomorrow
Tuesday is the new Monday. Welcome back all our service industry friends!
Intel has enabled a private cloud, which was named No. 1 by CIO magazine.
Same here!
Really interesting food scene blossoming there. Amazing tacos (I hear)
Easter egg hunt and pancake breakfast at Poway Community Park today. Love Poway!
Join for a thought leadership panel moderated by AKQA's ! Thursday - 6pm RSVP here:
Just listened to the TAL Retraction. Lesson: it's not about being perfect, but about what you do when you screw up. Kudos to & Co.
All of the above especially The Hobbit
Sleeping with myy window open . Best feeling yooo :D
frustrating? those flat damn cookies I just pulled out of the oven. too bad they taste so good that i don't care.
Thank you! And I definitely will!
Now that today is here.... Its not that exciting anymore
that made me smile :-) how cute!
recovering from an epic visit to with and some representatives from Bushmills (try the Honey!) & Johnnie Walker.
Gas prices Bout to be $40 a gallon...
No! He aint broke up with Karrauche! Its just that I'm a fan and I love him, its heartbreaking that he's with someone..
talking b.i with homie hands down the hottest female dj in the google her
Never mind the people who have left. Mind those who've chosen to stay.
Hey Life team... Scones are on sale Plan your day accordingly
"God Almighty bless you, and make you fruitful."~Genesis 28:3
The weather <U+E04A> with no <U+E049> in sight
RT : Great "you know you're a figure competitor when" post by - made me smile. ;)
Thinking about , and graduating soon #ruinsmymood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Time goes by a lot slower when you miss the one you love.
I wonder if and can just text each other
One Direction <3
Omw to work. Kinda scared to see how bad of a mess there is... 0_o
Lmfao truuuuu! “ you met the greatest person alive there.......”
these are the times when I wish I hadn't procrastinated.
I want to send out some love to Mandy Mason this morning. Hang in there Darlin', God is in control. Doc
you so good at singing!
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing that! Hope you're enjoying your stay!
amazing just the way you are.
Chilling at the genius bar
haha i will tomorrow or something cu i dropped my phone and it broke in half....
Love this John. Fab energy, great song and a ballerina! Happy Hump Day to you!
Picked up an interesting Science Times under the jump seat on the downtown 6.
The only person that can make Skip Bayless madd is Stephen A Smith
November 29, 1976 - Yankees sign Reggie Jackson to a five-year contract.
^_^ I'll make an exception sure.....but it's almost next week again already ^_^
looking forward to your session today, you, and your cookies!
Well, goodbye and good riddance Shane.
Last of 11 charged with felony hazing in FAMU case turns herself in - CNN
Skinny pants & some vans!!
Hope everyone had a great first week of school! Don't forget to do your homework! ;) see you on Monday
Wade is ass
Is it bad that I get happier when the kids I babysit make my Wii person all the way to skinny than being with you? Woops!
How does this happen to me.... We made an unexpected drunkin visit to Mexico last night . Headed back to America!!! Cinco De Mayo Winning!!!
in doggy raise it up the bring it down and around to your chest. Stairs help a lot and great for cardio
No prob. Its for the kids!!! Been blessed with so much. RT : thank u for ur donation bro
Now i can say I know how it feels to lose your bestfriend smh
hope you all had a great weekend!
Happy Monday! Get ready for our Sherman Oaks farmers market from 3 pm - 8 pm tomorrow! See you there!!
Watch out for the new American racism! Democracy under attack! Voting rights violation is the new democracy!
NY's Penn Station to expand, finally, with $270 million plan
you can't buy chocolate on a Sunday there? wacky.
it's horrible but oddly compelling. They're streaming the album on the Lou Reed/Metallica website.
feel free to call/email with specifics of the situation in question and I'll help you choose one or two of these to try.
That's amazing - your tweet says "I got 20,000 followers in one day, you can too". But you only have 1,500 followers. What happened?
“: Nothing like a burger from Whisler's on a beautiful night in Springfield, MO. #IAMAWALKINGADVERT #SGF cc: ” YUM
Thanks for including male survivors in your outreach.
not this girl haha
cant belive the insane amount of rain. but isnt complaining
omg I love you
Tweeting can be an art in itself. The nanostory!
so like her friend thought maybe "josh" knew where she was or whatever so she asked him and the pedophile kidnapped her and like
Happy St. Patrick's Day everyone!
Let the Dallas Mavricks conspiracy theories begin.
RT : Detective speaking about social media & homicide investigations.
Taking a break to read a little from The Golden Bough by Frazer, a 1 vol abridgment. Owned the book forever
RT If yall wanna know who I am?
kyle williams = giants mvp
It all starts with the vision
QoTD: "The only good luck many great men ever had was being born with the ability and determination to overcome bad luck." (Channing P ...
if I feel better in the morning I'll be there tomorrow even though my doctor said don't go.
you already hv. well for me anyway. u inspire me everyday with your music and i appreciate it so much. love you. cme bl to NYC!
I don't know how long I've been asleep o;
Working out to sexy ass colli buddz with 2 D's for a double dose
Man, I'm like a kindergartener playing with finger paints compared to most of those. Whew.
Nothing makes you forget about love like sex.
Thanks for the RT!
I'm All Of That && A Bag Of Chips.
": lol u late . && I knowww :)"- lol I ain't late I just mind my own business but I like the same thing too lol
“: is being represented there as we speak :) Excited to be a part of #IndyIC #indyhomeless” that's good stuff!
If I Could Rearange The ABC's I Would Put U & I Together!
Ah, then go crazy. There is such a thing as too many strawberry shortcake popsicles and fudgsicles.
Thank you. :-) I appreciate that.
Thanks for watching!
THAT AWKWARD MOMENT WHERE I LOOK AT YOUR EARS AND WANT TO BITE THEM <U+E402><U+E402><U+E106><U+E106>
I need a computer to delete people off my freaking Facebook! Need sleep too..gotta get up at 5:30
out of love
LOL! Thought I was the only one who thought this!
There is nuttin like chocolate ... Catracho style...
Going to the opera, like getting drunk, is a sin that carries its own punishment with it.
what about that burger place?!?! was looking forward to it!
to know im not the only one who cant sleep :)
For me Ana Criado, Emma Hewitt, Justine Suissa and Emma Lock hold sway with me!
HAHA your picture actually made me laugh out loud
Just dropped $255 to take the Microsoft Office exams....this is not okay with me by any means. There goes my bonnaroo ticket.
- I don't agree on your first point, but yes let's work together to retain and bring high quality manufacturing to our region.
Watching Step Brother. A perfect way to end the day :)
RT #ZodiacFacts You will never meet a #Capricorn who was afraid of hard work in order which to achieve what they want in life.
Aww I'm sorry 2 hear u are sick, hope u feel better. My day it's going ok got a lotta work to complete.
u see the little kid with the huge hat!! Lmaoo
Sorry 2 hear u don't support #unions. We do. Did u know unions r how #nurses got CA safe staffing ratios & laws agnst forced OT?
Why is my eye so swollen and red? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
CO Sen Educ Comm deep in discussion of proposed study of cost to compy with Lobato ruling.
Bad bitch wit me bet she know the drill <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Absolutely! However, there is definitely some emotion to it too.
Best friends? They're like diamonds- rare and precious.... false friends? They're like leaves- they can be found anywhere
Is "women are not like wine" going to be trending soon?? Lol
Damn this chick in this B.O.B vídeo is RIGHT!!!
my dawg said hi c:
Just realized I have my shirt on backwards!
Invest today in your future tomorrow. Remember if you fail to plan, you can plan to fail. I am your goto professional investment consultant.
Go Ducks! What an amazing season we have had!
what were facial reactions from plaintiffs and defense?
Gonna watch the bobby "the brain" heenan dvd! Should be great stuff!
ya this sucks, everyone is trying to find people to take over their leases =/
A likely excuse this week could be the London riots caused internal turmoil!!
it would be great to add a note to posts and websites that you've saved to view later. Sometimes I wonder why I saved something.
never mind. Just tried again and it worked !
Tbt* cover story is "5 Things that drive us crazy about computer keyboards." slow news day?
I think imma go check out think like a man at midnight...
So my wonderful girl her friend and probably are weirdos for watching human centipede!! :)
I miss you too girl! Hopefully I will see you this summer!
lol you know what I meant
Thank goodness for the
After brunch and tea time, a stroll through the #garden is the perfect cap to
#ImTheTypeOfGirlfriend. Im smart, a good mom, classy someone you can take home to mom. also fun,adventurous the girl your mom warned u about
Make eating your veggies the best part of your day with our Incredible “Vegible” filled with the good stuff you love!
Agreed. RT : You have to embrace Social Media. Social Media Advertising is expected to pass Search Advertising in 2015.
Eating a black and white cookie in a wife beater while waiting for fraiser to be on.
Thanks man. And Keith gets credit even though he was off tonight -- now that's trading up!
i love it that there is an anne yeager who is a bodybuilder. she has a killer body and when my name comes up so does her body. owe u kid.
you must be out of your mind to think the ending is racist. If you are willing to stretch that far, everything is racist.
Tonight is the night. Shaq tells the world.
Your loss.
thanks for the rt!
when are you coming to a show with me again?
A3. For many small biz mobile budget is very limited, it is important to know your ultimate goal w/ur app 4 ur business
Thanking god for another day
you're too kind. I'm just excited to have you on board
hi just check out ur website look beautiful. I don't have a child but I'll definitely recommend it to Families. Peace.
Good morning twitters!
Good on you, sir. Just wanted to add to the praise.
Time to be knotted . ~1
got shit to talk? do it in real life. to my face. you wont.
Welcome to the Ascedia team Trish and Don! We're excited you're here.
Had an awesome night last night seshin and makin videos at BigStoney's with the TMC crew. Time to snap some Super Oasis OG. Irie!!!
Dad you aren't a scientist so shut the fuck up
NOT watching American Idiot er Idol. Oh I will burn for this.
There's only 1 thing 2 do, #threewordsforyou "I Love You"- Plain white T's <3
May today bring a special day of Peace, Love & Joy to one and all! Jim Aplin Abeachdude Orlando
The most productive thing I've done today is watch 30mins of SNL digital shorts. There is almost no way to salvage the rest of this day.
Thanksgiving was great! Had the most delicious food, and had such a great time with my family!
Rep. Darrell Issa: "baloney sandwich indictments" is what #SOPA creates - bad public policy #SOPA via - TRUE
There are cool things happening all over the city of Cleveland & somehow people still find things to complain about. I don't get you people.
Watch it Keith or I'll unfollow you...LOL
www.warrenwolfmusic.com Hit me up for a gig or if you'd like to book Warren Wolf & WOLFPACK
GOONIES MEETS LORD OF THE RINGS
Off work early!!!
Back at the good ol car shop, sad that I know everyone here by their first name and they all know my car goes by sergio lol
I'm all on my video tip - gonna see more of me in front of the lens! Raps, recording sessions, smoking sessions, and LIVE sets on stage
Thanks for the kind words and the RT Rich!
Only 12 more years of this. Haha. The Reds suck.
fantastic. Love this place! 76 degrees today! Come out!!
Just like that lol
The best day of the year: when all the Easter candy is half off.
Should add that the 13" Pro has a resolution of only 1280 x 800. I am considering the 13", but I am concerned abt size & resolution.
Dear NBC News. Your new Roku channel is unwatchable. I'll have to find other things to watch. That shouldn't be too hard.
Two contacts in one day...getting two more homes closed. Yea...clap...clap...clap....dancing
you cant excpect TJ Ward to be a hypocrite about hitting players in the head
omg that was awesome, so sexy perfect trio!
100 RT : “: Looking to Add New people to instagram : Paulyg103” follow him
AMEN! Me too! “: Alright, mon! RT : It is Bob Marley's Birthday today. Therefore, I shall be listening to reggae all day.”
Nice.. Looking at their website.. Nice combination Much success
thanks having a great time!
In a league full of bad coaches, Childress could be the worst.
Sorry, going 2 Bemis event Monday afternoon. Hal Bevis, you are haunting my waking dreams.
you aren't at Interop? I thought you were!
Foo Fighters, Neal Young AND Stevie Wonder at ?!?!? Hell yes I'm going to that.
A nation if they can only focus on money, they will never can find out natural beauty.
I'm gonna kill Jon for starting that lol but yes I work Thursday night
TSA thought the zacuto top handle in my luggage was a gun.
Me too. And apparently it's like two years old?
Visualizing How a Link Spreads Through the Twitterverse
really it's ok. Wasn't focused ONLY on the minivan. Almost killed many others too :)
I love the way you make me smile!
OK let's move on shall we!
right? looks great. :P
You're hot. haha(;
#adele looks phenomenal. She rocks it for us full figured gals!
he is a smart young man.
Ro-ro-robocop. I like this pick even though we should have gotten Maualuga.
you are making me giggle! :-)
I'm from Nevada, but I live in Florida
and what does 11:11 mean to you? :-)
Watching the play, Three Year Swim Club with
Bev has made a ton of holiday treat bags, under the direction of Princess Lilly, so please visit her today, free treats for your cat or dog!
Who's down to darty?!
Holy crap! Yesterday, we needed one follower to hit 400--and today we have 419! Thanks, everyone, especially for the RT!
We've been using it too - it's not bad! Decent music selection.
Gahh how i got in huge trubble when the cops showed up at my casa! No spongebob for a week!!!!!!:'(
Do our systems breed narcissism or collectivism? RT Bret Pardon Me Your Ego is Showing tinyurl.com/3qdsekm
Check out the unveiling of #SkySAN technology at #VMworld booth #1248 & see first hand how is changing the way data is stored.
the best way to hang up on someone is to do it in the middle of YOUR OWN sentence. that way, they never suspect you hung up on them.
I need need new joints from you fam
Excited for brunch a #sunny spot w
8.2 hours of OT last night. Yup, I went to bed at 8 this morning. Got up in time to go in again...
when do OTAs start and will the media have more access?
uncle jamie & holly's wedding :)
Just left Target, bought the boys a new PS3 game to play and me a few movies, they didn't have E-40 CD
wat u want mane
We miss you
Hey kenny as sucks!
Will be praying they find this sicko... He needs to be behind bars. You guys stay safe. much love from nelson family
I figure it's fair to give people fair warning that I am nearby. Hope you're well.
Tonight unannounced DVD release party , REPORTER doing a story, come rock out, 8:15 pm Island Grill MM 85.5 Islamorada Florida Keys!
Amen!!! RT : DEATH TO NERD GLASSES!!!
I'm fine with Finnegan being ranked here, although players above him on the list are worse than him, and some not making the list are better
he than slammed Gasol ass twice this game smh ohh
how much a piece like that run ya? I got a toro too, but it ain't a beast like that one!
IMPAC is back in action...all CLASSES RESUME TODAY, Jan. 2, 2012! Make it count.
Anne Cox
Please Follow Naked Like Adam and be a facebook fan, God bless.
amen!! I can't stand the joker.
what better time to hear from MAJ on 's Birthday another coincidence?
R.I.P. Whitney Houston (1963-2012), one of the best, influential singers of all time! May you enjoy the chorus of Heaven!
Your back from Cali ?
Its great to find out if there are enrichment programs available at schools of interest which allow u to stay overnite.
It's done and over with!
says hello(;
speeding tickets are just a cost of doing business for me!
Enjoyed meeting with and the team yesterday. is working on some innovative projects!
Flying car? Better idea: Make an alarm that yells "Dumbass!" in sync with the turn signal indicator if you leave it on too long.
#uknowufromchicago if u know Step originated in Chicago.
Watching bridesmaids!! <3 it!!
Goddammit, car battery is dead. WHAT THE FUCK IS MY NIGHT.
Hm. Haven't heard from my lakers fan base in a while...
I'm looking for Milwaukee authors: kids' books, parenting books. Let's connect!
Pardon my ignorance. Grill? I have a girl so please advise.
Don't miss your chance to sneak a peek at Harry Potter eBooks and browser-based reading at Booth 818!
are you ever going to come to San Antonio??
I just got coffee all over my $990 shirt.
Apple store packed w ppl & gadgets. I feel like a peasant w just a mere I Pod
Ha! Most of my friends who watch GoT are women 30-50. And the True Blood fans I know are all ladies.
Pick up your Maui Mall yellow coupon book at participating stores, and start saving today! Savings up to 50% off!
HHAHHAHAHAHAHA I bet he would say that, though.
now realy Ihave forgotten and do not want to look it up will someone please remind me his name..
Can't wake up today.
I love how prolific of a pundit became once he gave up punditry.
Clown waiting at the bus stop, texting up a storm and waving to kids leaving the Twins game.
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller after every mistake.
Dear WOTBOMF - Am I calloused because I feel no pain?
Was using past tense on Fox RT : Perry says he will "wait and see in the morning what it looks like." Aides say SC is next
true possibility. It's sort-of-like an earthquake shaking a well established and fortified modern city.
we open up Thursdays in April
ePub'd apps allow pre-loading of knowledge for museum visits.
How long are you out in the city today?
no! its that were laughing and stuff and like the whole we were togeter and YOU couldve been there! Lol
you mean worth this terrible horrible hangover?
I have to try hard in the future not to hate friendly people because that is how the cult got me.
thank god and jesus...which is a good thing since I'm Christian...but he didn't thank he's fan?...messed up
Thanks to for helping me set up my visit to Metro Market today for Mega Millions story. A quote & photo have moved nationally.
Transfer to/from fort lauderdale miami for $65.00 in a lincoln towncar
Tis' the season! Check out our new products, and #designs now #notebooks and #journals make great holiday gifts!
Its cus you are just that flipping gorgeous<3 :) RT: I like that when randomly i say hi to she says 'you're beautiful' :)
Ready to see if is as hilarious on stage as he is in books. Yay !
Just tapped, a fresh keg of Russian River Damnation Belgian Golden Ale $10 growler $3 pints
Nice running, Starks, to seal the deal!! Whew!!
Mam oh man ;)
Up singing Boats and Hoes. Deadliest catch with out the Crabs lmao
You cant club to find the one anyway...right?
So if you think about it, itll be worth it.
i think you're entirely missing my point.
finally has a Twitter, much to the unknowing owner. :) Please support and #spreadtheword to get us some #followers!
no KOALA
“: IF I GET INTO ANOTHER FUCKING CAR ACCIDENT.!!!!!!!!”
So, we're going today in one big crazy crowd to : free admission 5pm-9pm! Wanna join? (cc: )
Philosophy buff here. What's your question? Interested in:
ok goodnight :)
Is anyone else hoping Obama ends his speech saying he hopes Aaron Rodgers "passes that ball, right away"
I wish I culd hold you and kiss you all day long
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK ?
Got my nutts dragon while puffin the magic dragon!
Was gonna go skiing but just found out Durango opens on Fri and wolf creek has no snow....
Wacky day in radioland. Thoughts with my boy Jeremy Loper, & wifey Randi, on the loss of their gig. Also shocked at Rob Morris leaving KDWB!
Favorite word:
We've all aged a little since then! What's your role with Jr. Rank? I was thinking we could do a segment on radio show.
Challenge! RT : Soccer today watch me or the air show..you won't be disappointed...
aced my math final all i have left is ISOM and Art History Final and ill be homebound
Something they don't teach you is how your whole life is about discovering who you already were
People down here in the Big Easy are getting really anxious Brees cant like what this bounty represents.
Walking alone tonight 'cause I've only got room for two, Me and my burdened black heart...
Ok, now I am convinced that no-one reads these posts on Twitter.
disagree. Add some depth to our back line. We look great going forward.
Yes it is!!
Motto 2012: I'm gonna carve a giant door, in the middle of a wall, facing the road I want to go on w/ a pretty little door knob & open it.
shes lucky you replied to her twice
MORE LIES Eagle Scout
where u gonna sit
Going to be in #NYC for the weekend soon & need to get in 10mile run. Any suggestions for route
": I wish when someone had feelings , they'd just tell me straight up"
thx. We took care of the 1st game. Let's get it done.
know the feeling..
My tweets are exuberant fun for the whole family. If your family's fucked up.
Hey there, DM me your email. Have an event invite for ya.
Been in the game for 1yr. and we killin the game...We commin for the belt
Do not fear, for I am w/u; do not be dismayed, for I am ur God. I will strengthen u & help u; I will uphold u w/my righteous right hand.
Feb 1 we're recording our live worship cd with ! Dont miss it!! 10th RT gets 10$ iTunes $$!! /via
can't wait to hit MI!
I've long been fascinated by abandoned towns. Like time just stopped. Pompeii is another that interests me. Plates still on the table.
#Squirrels4Good sounds like a scam, but it's worth a try. Thanks Craig!
- I'm relying on triple-strength home-brewed iced coffee. I may not sleep until November. AVENGERS is worth it.
lmao he would but make that money some I guess
There's that voice that I adore. <3 amazing, as always.
Exactly. I can't imagine how that would have made you feel.
#welovelouistomlinson love ya boo bear <U+2764>
its coming out this summer (I think) all star cast..let me find a link..
Thanks Jay! Enjoy your weekend :) RT : #TGIF have a great day :)
#fridayreads I just finished Delirium by Lauren Oliver on my lunch break! WOW I want to read the next one right now!
Thanks for the follow! Visit us at the SNG in Bratislava, Sk. We will be serving them this year.
Getting ready for a family photo session at Balboa Park! Lovin' the Dan Diego Sun!!!
Made a new friend in the Detroit airport. She is a precious 11 month old from Orlando.
RT : BBM pin? We still do that? Oh.
SHUT UP VOICES!!!!! Or Ill poke you with a Q-Tip again! :P
"Smile and say NO until your tongue bleeds" - Harvey Mackay
life is a battle
Just Got the Final Mix, I'll Shoot It To You When I Get a Chance
ug... smartpen just ran out of ink. there goes my idea for innovative notetaking at
probably why I try so hard to successfully hide my humility and generosity
Hanging out with some sharp dressed kids here for an interview.
Is really happy and Merry Christmas got a new phone;)
I AM the Architect of MY OWN Destiny.
I like the one with a vowel in their name. How could you possibly choose one!? there all EQUALLY awesome!
that sounds dope. Feel like there's a great opportunity to tell story from street level.
was ever an option?
yes they knew they were getting a screwball in Oz...
Congrats! Let us know what speaks to you the most. RT About to start the book Sun Stand Still now that I finished my masters!
Hospitals weird me out. Visiting a friend after his operation, then home to give proposals back to my students.
: #blogtournyc has always been like a boutique w/ mix of bold furniture, lighting,accessories & emerging artists
And #ff to the band: =D
Anyone out there happen to have Yume Bitsu's rare live album, "Dryystonian Dreamscape Music Played for a Live Audience?"
that's the Donnie Darko quote I was trying to remember!!
All about #BracketForBriskets for the #NCAA tourney. Great product tie-in and who doesn't want to win some good ole TX BBQ?
I am!!! Looking forward to it. Was a Mother's Day gift :-)))
Reunions ahoy! Hopefully the New York City contingent will be well represented. Tweet to us if you're at Reunions!
Pay attention to this Mississippi athletes! RT : 8 LSU starters on offense hail from Louisiana.
when u forget to pick up one of your friends -_-
Heading over to Olde Town Manassas for the YPNOVA Progressive Dinner. Sure to be a wonderful evening!
I wanted to let you guys know that i'm driving home from school tonight so i won't be able to tweet "at the crime scene lol" :(
what happened? Nothing like friday I hope
Had a blast with my Family tonight at Amway Center watching the Magic crush the Clippers.
RT CoCreatorRadio Believe in the power of you!
oh wow.. thanks for the info, the suicidal part was the missing peice
Cooking eggs at 10 o clock at night
For that stupid WW2 test.
It's 11:11 close your eyes and make a wish:*
Ted is gonna be the funniest movie of the year. Never knew about it til the trailer. Seth Mcfarlane's first movie!
Just amend it: fans period do not matter. Slapping face of customers RT Hoops vs FB fanbase doesn't matter. $$$ matters.
Wtf my dad went somewhere. Like bitch where's my breakfast?
: o i didnt leave! your comin along too!
Yay! How was everything?
jajaja of course!! ;)
Banana power banana power.!
So what we get drunk, so what we don't sleep, we're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out, that's how its pose to be
Happy holidays & prosperous 2012
Laying in bed with
If you only average 30 mph during that lap; how fast do you have to drive the second lap to average 60 for both of them?
What's that amazing restaurant we went to in Cola where we ate with - great local food
So happy to have met Sean - getting to know him over the last year has been great. We should do big hillbilly LBG skate show.
Visual holds our interest, Pinterest users spend 97 minutes EACH visit on average (80% women but still), great insights
so sore
It's suppose to be a hot one today.
Babysitting my nephews watching sponge bob, this show is pretty good haha
Several articles Monday: 1. CQ Weekly story on intelligence fusion centers and the budget crunch/homegrown threat they face.
The best kind!! The shotgun was definitely a good idea.
<U+3069><U+3046><U+81F4><U+3057><U+307E><U+3057><U+3066><U+3002>I'm glad you went down. I need to check it out sometime this week!
I was going to put Kermie on the back but my 4yo corrected me and reminded me it was Kermit LOL.
#TwoThingsIWant A Ticket For The #BTWBall & Find True Love! <3
no pic no tweets no followers smh
...I'm winning.
RT : Saturday, May 12th is the annual National Association of Letter Carriers' Stamp Out Hunger Food Drive. Be sure to...
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo dance around in public
Thanks for the tightest birthday gift ever !!!
Lust's in the air
Amen!!!RT : Don't settle for someone... just so you can have someone.
I am 29 and holding.
Over pair river by gutterball.3 k.
Zip cars are wonderful! What a great idea.
At the zoo reading the fun facts makes me think of #funfact warthogs can go 7 months without water.
The nurse held the admiral's hand and told him that, although heavily sedated, Mark had kept calling for his father the entire trip home.
i know right KayLee you know what your talking about why are boys do stupid , ? Why cant we just forget them
unless ur James bond
take Tylenol/acetaminophen to lower temp
Happy cinco de mayo!!! Eat many tacos:-). :-)
Here's your sign! Who knew it would have been a literal reference, yikes. Mad props to the goal of global acceptance.
Well I did. But then again, I'm strange. Have you ever played it?
Asked to give expected revenue numbers. Walmart rep gives the run around, says customers "vote with their feet."
good look my g just keep
Meant to read up on the Marbury v Madison controversy, but got sidetracked by news about Stephon Marbury
note to self: titter.com != twitter.com
Thank you! Love you. i hope you did well <3
I never lie, I merely twist the truth.
If I don't get $745, as of Monday, I am evicted. HELP!!!!!
Happy valentines day
Everyone follow my bff she the best
what if we (Joe & I) pull something 2gether & pass it to you for review?
cause your one of my best friends I'll miss you...
“: I've heard that it's possible to grow up, I've just never met anyone who's actually done it.”
no amazing!
Try the Buffalo Macaroni for me. RT : ": I wasn't driving... was on that..." It's opening day!
Sat down to watch last week's on demand to discover Charter only has it in HD. What to do? Watch
Hey here is the start of a series on the Las Vegas Enterprise from - enjoy your mutual fuming.
I don't dispute he's meaningful-core. I just think his ability whip up a crowd is as, if nor more important to the sell-outs.
Happy Monday and make it a great week!!
RT Until you stop settling for being an OPTION, how are you ever gonna be a PRIORITY?
You know you live in kansas when the tornado sirons are going off and your outside lookin at the sky.
yes indeed, im on there, not sure if im playing, but on there none the less.
They are way cuter by themselves than they are with my feet in them.
Please join & create a profile!! We have a new host & interface & TONS of new cool stuff to do & see!!! We are now integrated with Flickr
Great idea..however, will have to get smartphone with data plan before this is practical. Do you think museum audiences will to?
Gotta take this test for a honors diploma.
Happy Friday to Everyone....Enjoy your weekend.
Family BBQ for Mother's Day: Filet mignon,dungeness crab and lots of veggies. Happy Mother's day to all mothers!
Hahaha, you're a jazzer! Still up and kickin it 3 hours after you said you were leaving!
Have a good night's sleep!
I hate when he takes forever to replyto my message smh biggest pet peeve lol
DJ hero? Seriously?
#Haters can't keep their name outta their mouth, Ima make it big and Ima thank them;)
Floating asteroid/Need to buy some school supplies/You're soaking in it.
Just shit on my face . -____-
Can't wait to see Maze this Sunday at the Jazz and Heritage Fest!!!! Wan come?!?
NPR had a bit about SXSW today. Is Foursquare a safety risk for women?
"Here's to the crazy ones, the misfits, the rebels, the troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes ...
Mind* Body* Soul*
just noticed your new avatar. Take your 3 y/o roommate to see the Lorax. Best adaptation of Seuss to big screen yet.
Excited to have a night off in Madison before the show tomorrow. What's the best place to eat here?
Heading to voice....
So thankful for a clear sky! Filming continues today with Sabina Zuniga Varela & Eddie Ruiz.
thanks for following and getting connected!
Might be a weird question, but what does "MAILERDAEMON" mean? The thing that sends back bad emails. #questions (cc )
Plenty of resources out there. Finding & utilizing is another story. Facebook & Twitter don't help.
Tonight is a great day to get connected to MYC! Middle School in the FLC and High School/College in the YWC (The Garage) 7pm!
so in other words Raul he's twice your height and half my weight?
Root beer so damn good sometimes
Thanks So much Jez :) love ya <3 I will never be followed by a famous group or person besides for matchbox twenty
agreed! Love those costumes!
effin' fantastic. Bummed that we're heading into the final stretch. How are you brother?
#IdealFirstDate #Blackhawks game at the Madhouse. :)
What's the score?
I would never!! You rock!!! :)
Has Vandy or Harvard ever gotten as much love on Twitter as they are right now?
We highly recommend
#1DMix933 :-) please it would mean so much
Thank you! Glad you liked it. RT : the 1881 was fantastic!
hello to all & nice 2 meet u as well Thanks 4 the recs looking fwd to ur tweets!
I need somebody whos on a higher level someone who can teach me somethings
So many bad paintings to make fine one. Painting outdoors this week.
Happy Canada Day!
that's easy. Cheryl cus she's ruthless & Sabrina cus she could pull some awesom flying & magical maneuvers. B-)
He knows how to behave in public, but it's a russian tea room behind closed doors." - Lily
No, we're not from the Maritimes we're from California, but our ghost conference has a maritime theme.
(cont) So, let us never forget.
like its out last day of work day.
This show oz is crazy ass hell... They show evry x rated senario in this damn show... Lol. W.O.R.D.
Did. You. Call. It. Or. What.
Amen to that, Amen to that.
Came by st. Jack to say hi. Wound up staying to eat. So happy
Men of Wadodem [Orbital Mix] by Time Unlimited, from the album Auntie Aubrey's Excursions Beyond the Call of Duty, Pt. 1 Disc 2
Hold on. Im searching for a fuck to give.
Howloscream 2011 tonight at Busch Gardens Tampa <3 i'm gonna get some fantastical pictures.
nothing, absolutly nothing an i almost cryed last night cuz i missed austream :'(
Michael Jackson's voice is so dope. Omg
LOL! By making sure Obama wins. And all other tiny extras are superfluous at this point. No new shoes until Obama wins.
Early predictions...Lock for the Hall of Fame!
Ur company offers real coaching from exp. coaches. Much needed all over the world. I'll tell all to c ur website. :)
well thats the only part i like being wit friends
May the odds forever be in your favor chicka. <3
are you still planning a rock band party on xmas?
There's plenty of pain to go around!
Nothing like cruising listening to some Tupac.
what u been up to yellow lady
I've been so productive every day this week. Its making this week go by so slow.
Tell that to #RushLimbaugh, Repubtard. Guess it's OK for the GOP to bash everyone, but not to bash the GOP, right? Hypocrite!
i was born under a rock and that's where i still currently reside
Now's the time to make a New Year's resolution - KVOA Tucson News Now 's the time to make a New Year 's resolution KVOA Tucson News TUCSO
Great 1 on 1 call with The Party Godess, Marley Majcher. Excited to put it all into motion!
ED SHEERAN ED SHEERAN ED SHEERAN. Came on the radio and i thought of uu. :)
Does anyone know anyone from #Loveland, #Colorado who can donate sometime and represent our film in CO this Saturday? Please let me know. Tx
Who else watches themselves on the monitor when you walk into a store?
all good in my hood. Say, thinking of trying to establish residency in VA for Cameron re: college. Heard that you 'know the drill'
And I ate a donut for breakfast. Fuck I suck at this.
Thanks for Mentions & Retweets!
are you talking about me again? Thanks! I felt lonely out here in the lot.
I am enjoying the #werentsocial launch party. They are new TM clients. Great event!
heck yeah bro!! On that beiber cover you did?
Calling me back private still won't get you a answer
Wishing everyone Happy 4th of July.
Terrible pick-up truck accident 805/University -- paramedics working furiously on the victim at the scene. Wreckage is mangled.
Today marks my two year anniversary ....Crazy. Been a long two years!!!
a boat filled with sashimi and sushi and a mammoth lobster
They All Stupid.
GUYS GUESS WHAT!!!
I am asking Director Donaldson what CFSA will not be able to do with $15m less in FY13.
Time to BRING IT!
loved Chronicle Trailer - Super Powers Are a Blast on Boxee
Lets Reach 20000 Signatures by this Evening! Tell ur friends n RT OFFICIAL PETITION 2 save COCO www.imwithconan.com/petition
Under the blanket :3
RT : Does every literary phenomenon have to mean something?
I have the caffeine part down. About that excercise ...
You are quick
So what's a good price to pay for this app? We want your honest opinions.
PREACH IT. A M E N !
They'll hate you if you're pretty, they'll hate you if your not. They'll hate you for what you lack and they'll hate you for what you got.
GL Network: Cruising The Greatest Way to Explore the World
I filled it up over a month ago, but I picked some unreliable people so if you're going go find Mike for sure!
Transmit good thoughts throughout your brain and manifest great days to come through meditation
Hey! Quit looking at twitter when you should be working!
Nice! RT : ! just gave me a copy of Manos The Hands of Fate for asking him about improv!
I'm no racing expert, but now without Eric Young, the story of the 2012 #Little500 will be if The Cutters can win without him.
did the fairy bring you a quarter?
I'd sacrifice nearly anything to get a shot at the NHL and I would happily take what I deserve.
Movies al day.
Ugh going to buy it then. They're just that good
nice. I'm an old skater too, though notvas much these days b
can't wait for the single
oh my. Check out David Harvey, if you haven't yet. Lucid modern day Marxist writing (yes, I used lucid/Marxist together).
i really dont no wat to do i cant sleep
what if it played exactly this same? Why would the color matter?.... apart from tradition.
ok luv check your email...Thanks!!!!
haha thanks chad!
didn't see a discussion of credit unions, but I think they should be more encouraged esp. since they lack leverage of lg banks
I hope this Summer is as great as last years was.. it's gunna be hard to beat, tho
- hang in there and be POSITIVE! children r such a blessing. #praying for ya!
I don't know how you can go on with your life when you abandoned 3 beautiful kids ! Some mom you are ! Just don't get it !
thank you dreaa !
haha yeah it was a built in snow day we didn't need to use
I cried when Dobby died
#QuickFacts In 2010-11, CISNC received $5,125,667 in In-Kind Donations! A HUGE Thank you to all who donated supplies to help kids succeed!
haha but its true. I mean I know I'm not first on the chopping block. gina is just so fun to mess with. Couldn't help it
Decided I'm not going to"lol" anymore, instead I'm going to use "ggl" short for giggle, cause that's really what I'm doing when I laugh.
And I can catch metro to DCA.
Just heard about Reminded me of UWM forgetting ID's before Sweet 16 shootaround and having to go back to hotel.
Lmao!! This bitch and her once white flip flops!!
I'm working on migrating my domains and hosting from Any domain reg/hosting platforms out there people love? Basic but wonderful?
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life
Parents try to design their kids... for their good. Is this good?
Visio 47" LED HD TV. Picture is best I have seen anywhere. Reasonably priced thru Sam's Club, possibly COSTCO.
The main difference is the Pension Plan benefits, not salary. R object to CBO when it involves O Health P
Traffic at a standstill, cops everywhere, what is the POTUS In town or something?
I found a quarter! A real one! Not one of those glued-to-the-floor ones.
In times like this I'm just gonna walk away before I do something stupid.. Deuces..
yes i did...it was beautiful, as usual(:
I'm freaking out . I've been stressed all day!
LIES ! LOL RT : no not all the time... Lolz sometimes just asking to know what we can improve for her boo
as in they taste good frozen, or, buy a lifetime supply & freeze em so u can mainline them into ur veins over an extended period?
we have two weeks to figure this out!
why thank you :)
GCHK seems like its always trying to run.....
I don't know what I would do without the encouraging words of and the proclamation that we both suck.
Join your community at a Pancake Breakfast fundraiser for the Badger Honor Flight on Sat, May 5th at Middleton Sport Bowl from 7:30-11am
7-11 coffee ritual in L.I. has been disrupted for 2 wks due to #cityofsandiego not coming 2 do inspection of remodel.
pretty girl bag! gucci louie fendi i wear them cuz im pretty!
where did you find that? :(
in one week I'll have a holiday shopping one for you
hey:) where were you tonight?i thought you were performing
Satire? maybe. True? Definitely. Eye Opening for those kids? I hope so.
Eric Church just played on the ACM's wearing a guitar strap we created for him!
its gonna be hot
oh no that's ridiculous on so many levels! Thank goodness she has you to fight for her. You need to give them hell!!!
Ho Ho Ho and a Moorry Christmas to all!! The Cow opens at 4!! Git on down here and git you come Christmas Cheer!!! Giddy Up
i think i am going to go back to sleep O.O
#1days :) OMB-Missing just one day to completely lose my ovaries with! #Boyfriendvideo , Lol very excited,Are you excited ?<U+2661>
People disappoint me. As usual.
dont tap the keg until later!!! very important
Had time to think about what I've done... Shouldn't have said that; but can't take it back!
lol I'm sure everyone knows it was just a joke.
Congrats on new funding and having aneel on board!
haha yes, It's what I get for hooking them up with a sweet room. Fair trade, I'd say.
where can I submit tracks?
I'm going to make my salami sandwich dreams come true.
Ari Shine CD release show tonight at Redwood Bar in Downtown LA!!
Where the heck is the ''like'' function on this thing?
Our benefit show on 11/11 @ El Rey is blowing up!! STARPOOL is playing LIVE! (members of No Doubt, Save Ferris and Freak Daddy)!!!
Sometimes being a little misunderstood is harder than being a lot misunderstood
and we're super stoked to see you puting DC's public art and cultural sites on the map! welcome to the cultureNOW family!
no, it was on 'character quads' and 'dramatica'. Basically there are 8 archetypes and he taught how to recognize and create them
Never work with debt settlement companies that want money up front!
Everything u think, say or do needs to become intentional & aligned with your purpose, your values, & your goals.
It's possible, but based on their play from last season. Very few other teams with 2 corners who both played well
Are you attending #LegalTech? NNRC will be in the exhibit hall, Booth 2618. Visit to learn about our national services.
Latin America's taste for #ScotchWhisky growing. Exports to S. America increased by 44% in January to October 2011 according to Global Post
Thanks to the folks at the Kelly Writers House at UPENN for taking the time to talk with us and to let us post our call for submissions.
I love Big Bang Theory!
I'm remembering my dreams more.
OMFG did you just see colton ?! OMFG I'm freaking out colton I need you on this show <3333 OMG can't breathe you're so beautiful <3 COLTON
I'm sure they'll be great!!
LOL. No. RT Phil Simms hits another play on head by calling Broncos TD play. That's why he's CBS' #1 TV analyst.
#NeverApologizeFor doing your own thing.
#EastSideMustHaves less fake people and more of the real stuff.
Thank u SO much! Pls share w/ other allergy groups in Ireland! Updates on fb @ The Allergist Mom too. Good to hear from u!
Mariah is a huge fan of those tiny desk concerts....good stuff. Happy new year bud!
BANG BANG
How often do you use the Maps app on iOS?
I think that the meta learning going on in face-to-face classes is just as important as the content.
Writing Songs .:D iWhant To Be
I swear, I hate tryna find something to wear, if it was up to me id by me a new outfit everyday....
I found you! Your name is right by mine!
Why Am I the way I am I will never know my family is my blame
it depends. Is he going to get a bigger head than the last time he did announcements?
I questioned before if me & my husband who signed up as individuals can be moved to a team. I now have the team...can u help me?
"Career development is like a jungle gym" Stuart Crabb
"Just to let you know, I'll be gassy for the next two-ish hours"
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms in Twitterville!
Playing basketball at LA fitness
That awkward moment when u aren't sure how to respond to a text so u juss say yup
Congrats to dustin at it's a wrap graphics for winning the first Lowen certified wrap off!!!
How to deal with non-believers of DH?
Happy Thanksgiving, DC!
Happy Leap Day everyone, hope it's a swell one ;)
Tell people they are great and they'll think you are really smart.
I seriously LOVE Kit-Kats..........unless I'm with four or more people.
I would be so content with that!! LOL
now, relationships turn me off
Solving tween dilemmas one at at time. Clogged toilets, hair disasters and toothpaste spills all within the last 90 minutes! #super stepmom
If we do not respond to their request for help, and they fail, does that also make it our failure?
The dodgers are my new fav team to hate. ;)
Just like you dear brother! Love you bunches! Can't wait till July for our visit!
- Not sure what happened... James and I were waiting for sirens, but we got nothing. Too much drugs or something.
The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival. ~ Aristotle
Brandon Jacobs is my hero.
My voicemail she left me says.. keep it classy not trashyy <33
I'm bout to hit the club n dance like a like stripper ayyeeee
Don't think about it be about it
Yep! All the best talent is from here. ;)
#bieberontlc im crying I love you so much your my hero!
#WhenAustin does a countdown for his Austreams to start.
And yes, I could ask my Dad but...you know.
Happy Thanksgiving and Many Blessings!
Yikes! Sorry I missed your tweet ages ago. Bad me. No cookie.
so how was your day?
we spend 2much time focusing on drilling 'facts' in2kids so they can recite later- we'renot giving them critical thinking skills
We hope everyone is having a great night!
Shut up with those "temporary cuts"
#myotherfulltimejob When u find it, let me know! And one to manage sports practices wld b helpful 2!
too many campaigns dominate the names of YT channels, Twitter handles & Facebook page names for our taste.
Thank you!! Let us know what you think! RT Congrats on the the new diner! We cant wait to try it!
This is impossible
From all of us , congratulations to for 25 years in Noticieros Univision!
you could say tht lol I just don't wanna go:|
have fun and choose excellent songs
RT : Can it be yet? Well be performing (FREE, all ages) on the backstage by Theatre 7. Checkout our facebook...
I don't get bonuses at work but my boss just hooked me up with a free massage.. I can deal with that
Gonna Fire Them
Actually my cat has feet. I meant FEED.
So excited to see in Pure Power #backstage ! It's gping to be awesome!!!
she's so lucky, she's a star, but she cry cry cries in her lonely heart.
FYI : sometimes i am embarrassed by #jedward embarrassed all the way to the bank
SWEET POTATO TOTS. These three words just made your day better. Come in and thank them.. by eating them. Strange, I know.
WELCOME TO OUR TWITTER
Slightly offended by Chipotle, can't lie.
I wasn't thrilled with the set list (a little too electronic-y for me), although Thom is always pretty awesome to hear/watch.
Anybody in St Paul nursing a hangover from yesterday? If so, I'd love to come talk to you got my story! C'mon, it'll be fun.
A black Hispanic would never have shot Trayvon. LOL. Blacks never kill other blacks. ROFL
LMFAO MY MOM I CAN'T she's like i love him <3_<3 its like the neighbor
Followed Back Sweetie (: Lol, What Are Zelda Games?
Man I haven't seen the jay leno show in a long time
like coastal contacts on fb and you can get them for just shipping cost sometimes
Happy Easter
I know, bud. But we have to make the most of all the sadness, though. :)
Speaking to President's Council of tonight. A remarkable group of businesspeople committed to helping the poor in the DC area.
I'm drowning in audio!
I need your name and phone number in order to put you on my schedule for tomorrow at 2. Please reply via tweet or phone.
My sinuses like the rain. The rest of me, not so much.
OT let's go
Thanks and all the people who helped put on such a great comedy festival including
not sure yet i might be doing something with this new boy... i hope its feeding the ducks as im skint. :/
QUERY OF THE NIGHT: I was shocked to hear that one of my friends has never mowed the grass! What's a common chore that you've never done?
Sometimes the girl who has been there for everyone else needs somebody to be there for her.
You're hired!
Girls start to much stuff thats why i talk to guys.. #dramafree :)
Exactly! That "one" game!
With real Blue Bell Ice Cream it’s no wonder everyone wants to shake!
Please don't send me creepy direct messages anymore.
That's not exactly a unique theme. I'd rather see a film that expresses the same thing in a more user-friendly manner.
Here is 1/2 of a promo code for Slice HP, iPad game: NELMHX Sorry about that, it was CUT in half, hehee. The 2nd half will be tweeted soon
“Smile! It's free therapy.” - Doug Horton
:)))) how to hate a bitch
Hip Hop trap
Hahaha, I'm sure when he gets older it'll be easier to tell that he favors you. I can never tell with babies! How old is he now?
I miss you so much daddy, I wish you were with me everydays but you can't. I know you left to help me and our family, love you daddy!
good luck Brad at KCA's ...glad you are having an amazing year!
jeydon makes the most peaceful music ever....
thank you...I think?
I like Kohls and :)
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.
Sorry Dave, but the Pine Tar game was July 24, 1983, so the 29th anniversary won't be until this summer.
Checking out my Adword campaigns
Congrats! I just heard the good news! Welcome to the Groupon fam!
@ kilkennys on central ave downtown. it's the first saturday of every month
I can't wait to see a debate about trucker music: Country? Western? Country and Western?
I never been prouder to be a puerto rican you made all of puerto rico proud!!! Congratulations Cotto!!!
I'm so #Thankful for the way my life has played out. The best part is there is still SO much left!
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future. ~Franklin Delano Roosevelt
's car looks like a catering wagon and smells like green bean casserole. here's hopin nothing spills!
Decided to do our shopping at Winco this morning. I think I am in love. Now they just need to have the fundraising opportunities of Fry's
You're one of the strangest tweeters I follow, and I'm pretty excited that you're not boring.
Your deductible amount is an agreement between you, the policyholder, and your insurance
u tweet me no more dang
Thanks a lot Erika. We're so grateful to have you with us :)
Sweating. My. Ass. Off.
On the Boston Marathon medical director just described the race as a "planned mass casualty event," esp. with warm temps on Mon. Damn!
gotta get on my homework. night now.
well I mean other than you bipolar bestfriend. But most of them are.
At this hour, I fuckin love twitter
like wtf... shut the FUCK up. no one gives a shit. you are not special.
What's for lunch? Say the #mkefoodiehunt codeword of CHICKEN NOODLE & save 20% at The Soup Market in the today!
Nope but it was a close one :)
Congrats.your efforts and committment to Milwaukee's Urban community is important. Thanks for your service.
If every dude find one girl n not try n take other niggas chixxs same for girls life would b great but ppl greedy
World Peace's elbow is the most ironic name incident to happen in the NBA since it was discovered that BJ Armstrong can't lift a basketball.
I had tears right along with ya
Hanging at the UPub before I head to the game. It is like the UMass version of the BU Pub, but has better lighting and a pool table.
Dear Dad- when does a daughter get to old to sit on your lap?
In Philly and ready for
Ever get all dressed up with no place to go? So frustrating to have.great makeup go to waste. :)
of course(: #OMB <U+2661>
In tonight...
and unlike miss Palin, Mrs. Obama was married by the time the president was born. Guess that makes the Obamas more cons
The need to retire Brian Dawkins' number.
My pleasure,
First, Bruce. Then, Sir Paul: I'm so jealous!!!
Stay tuned to #LPS to learn more about the new events and offers like our new online auction!
Going to birthday party tonight of a very special guitar student. Ryan, my 11 year old grandson. A beautiful spirit! A gift from God!
thanks! Feels good!
Blake Griffin just flew at him. And still hit the three.
Did you miss the UK game?? ": *second Saturday in a row"
You gotta love the Final Four this year-- and how about VCU-- the giant killer!
isn't that what writers refer to as the creative process?
you should go to NHL.com and watch the
1400 runners, walkers in Legacy Loop this morning! Head to Arsenal Tech for HealthBowl and free health screenings!
Obama win. Women win. Insurance companies win (free ain't free). Catholic bishops win (but really lost). Republicans lose (yep and big time)
PERFECT WEATHER.
Molina should have been called for interference twice on that play. Seriously.
okay that's cool. I'm assuming all has been well year 1 thus far
#wheniwasalittlekid i was happy not nomore..
no thts the best music video on disney channel and she is da bomb and your just jeaulous tht she is hot and you not!!! :P
a clear sign that I'm officially old: yesterday, I declared the pool to be to cold for a swim. sad, very sad.
Looking forward to brunching with my mom at your #yum factory this Sunday!
Lololol Maybye.? I Did Then Saw Me Nd She Was Finna Whoop Me
I hate the fact that my best friend isn't in choir anymore </3
about what nick said I take it back I do wish I would of skiped the entire class hint hint it was VERY! uncomfortable if U know
Hey Brooke! How's your summer going so far?
Fla. law doesn't lay it out that simply.
I feel great
I got on my knees and said the Our Father on the comedy stage last night. Am I going to hell?
RT : Lunch Break: Lose weight while cleaning your home | Jill Stanek: Any tips or words of encouragement for those wh......
After almost 3 months of eating pretty damn good, I need to figure out what's missing from that's making me crave junks so much!!
But you must admit it's a little rare to see promised delays be delayed. Made me laugh.
hahah unfortunately I was talking about a 60 year old dude named Jesse but I got at him practically ripped his face off
Dessert sounds so good
is down by 1 after the first. Is this cause to celebrate? How do you feel?
Don't ever hold yo applauses for me ....
We're teaching life skills through music !
Guess who getting overtime......
God only knows what went wrong.
is my favorite local hardware store.
Brace face next Wednesday, yay oh the joy of getting braces AGAIN -.-
cause you still haven't found what your looking for?
Trying to think of places to go for Spring Break <3
thank you! I'm doing that very thing everyday. And that's the word: appetizing!
No Bingo tonight! Game 2 watch party on the big screen!!
"But it's okay if you wanna brag The sex so good Go and pat yourself on the back"-R. Kelly f/ Keri Hilson
Shoutout to all my followers I thank all of yall man forreal rt
it's #heartbreak warfare
OMG I'm going to bed, bye. I LOVE YOU
Really? This past weekend was 3 days? I demand a recount!
Thanks for the RT! Are you a law/legis librarian in Queensland?
lol true story
Q: What's your favorite mom-ism? We'll see you at the mall for Mother's Day shopping, right!?
damn yu must of picked yo birds wisely.. cause lately that's all the fuck I run into... lmao
I didn't see the first one. But I'd watch Tony Head read the phone book. & I'll ask my favorite 9 year old for a plot summary. :)
hey Mayer, would you be down to help this student out by doing an interview for me? Even thru email would be legit. Please!?
just bought some! :)
dare I ask what it was about? hopefully something good epic not fail epic :)
If you're not getting grant proposals rejected, you're either not writing enough of them or you're not thinking far enough outside the box.
what is your constant?
Jim Joyce actually got it right
Thank you for the recommendation-- any reader app in particular you'd recommend?
Flyers devils game OT loving playoff hockey
I believe in miracles what is wrong?
"My 3-year-old daughter watches '16 & Pregnant'. That's an educational show, brah" Let me slap this guy across his face for being so stupid!
It's breakfast for dinner tonight! We've got 3 yummy dishes to choose from!
Theme parks on acid? Now you need to have someone go to a séance on DMT. Now THAT would be some fukked shit!
Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means."~Leo Buscaglia
um. how can i put this delicately... well, dear, not exactly.
whats your email?
Just found 3 wonderful pairs of wedges for under 25 dollars each. Is this real life right now
omg I'm here at Agape! Yes Sabrina slaughtered that song and Mimi had me boohooin!!!
Good Morning and Happy Wednesday!
I'd like to be everything you want :)
We like gea*!
Correctamundo. New leadership in place now
One of my friends is a go go dancer? 0___o i really don't know what to think about that.
This weather is phenomenal! Thank you God!
And then you die.
what?! RT : Great to meet you!
Just got back from talking to my niece on why she shouldn't consider being sexually active at her age: 14. Seriously. What's she thinkin?
Sounds like a great way to spend Happy Hour in #Tucson - especially with this gorgeous weather! Kudos!
RIP #DonCornelius. I'm sure you have everyone doing the #SoulTrain line up in heaven. I wish you Love, Peace, and Soul.
So I hear David Archuleta is off on his mission thou shalt not wank...have fun sunshine.
Can we take a second to realize how awesome our lives are together
Heading to West Allis, WI for a flea market that closes @ 4.
yeah right how many u got now
With hope, readers ponder a pesky word - Washington Post
Uh been so long, I can't remember! :(
I'm so funny!
It just has!
": People Brandon Weeden is older than: Aaron Rodgers, Alex Smith, Andre Iguodala, Chris Bosh & Ryan Braun."
Oh what aa day.
fuck a goon & a goblin
My puppy always wants to cuddle !
bingo :) all-seeing
Perhaps Craig Counsell can get a hit in August??
Hugh Hefner Strain in the house! Come and get it before it's gone. Holiday Special till Friday. All Strains $40 an 8th.
RT : As we are a work in progress also is our partner. Prayer is key. The Lord is the teacher and strength of change.
Ok now strayt paper and gotti up next
Watching charli and the chocolate factory! Never gets old!
we wld miss the assurance of knowing whtevr our own flaws r, we aren't the most stupid ahole on the planet!
Rodney has out up two top ten play dunks!
LMAO! I'm not going there! He sent me a msg saying he's a valedictorian...I don't think A&T wants him to brag about that.
The nobler sort of war; and see all the trees as green banners." -Chesterton
hell knows when I'll be more normal like u.
Good morning (:
go to bed....lol
Noeleen Tillman of #GotYour6 commitment: 100k teachers and 300k military families receive reintegration and training tools
My teacher lock my computer lol
Still waiting on the flat repair guy. Guess I'll be walking to the movies tonight. At least it's a nice night. Looking forward to Up!
Someone please tell me Lefebvre's The Production of Space is an easier read the second time
I really think we will finish above .500 this season. #GoO's
Go to midwestix.com to take advantage of pre-sales tickets for
If i dont look your way .. Bitch you irrelevant <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+270C>
Wrong film!!! Its at 8 at texas roadhouse :)
Yea maybe. Thank you for your help!
GAMEDAY!!! Rd 3 of the Women's Golf Marsh Landing Intercollegiate and Baseball vs Bethune Cookman at 6pm! Get out and SUPPORT!!
Finally about to order. Guy in front of me is getting hot chocolate too.
Busy as a bee
I'm not a jelly bean! Lol
War on Women Rally, how East Austinites can fight crime, & a sad donkey turns 49. FOX 7 News is on at 5 today, not 6! Hope you join us
Hi Joe! Could you please follow me back for a bit so I can DM you? Thanks!
memories are lasting but when someone passes they also make you cry! #RIP Lonte
happy resurrection day/ Easter!
Watching my single friends desperately seek late night testosterone makes me appreciate big time.
There's so much awful at this bar in Williamsburg right now, but the girl in BENNY & JOON cosplay may take the cake
Mom: What are you drinking? Me: Tea Mom: Good its not coffee again... Me: *stares at CAFFEINATED tea label and laughs*
Halloween story coming soon, please check back! storiesbypyka.blogspot.com/
S is for Speed. Get Scholastic to publish that now, little henri.
soon as she get home I'm playin this shit in there lol
It's off the chain @ the upper room tonight 3201 Jefferson ave in clifton. Follow me!!! We goin in
I'm starting with the kitchen & family room. Selected a red hue for the accent wall and a nice warm tan hue for the other walls.:)
Q:Why is psychoanalysis alot quicker for drummers than for other musicians? A:When it's time to go back to his childhood, he's already der.
Next up, author of "The True Value of Diamonds: Appreciation in the Workplace" Paul Young speaks to us via Skype.
15. (1/2 way there!) I love old b & w movies.
Sittin here cuddled up with my Finn man <U+E022> he's not feelin good but I'm not complaining about some cuddling :)
-15 yards for a SNOW ANGEL?
My prediction on Braun's test......his urine sample accidentally got confused with Optimus Prime's
It's always something up against nothing when it "seems" like nothing but it could be everything.
Live Tech On Demand would like to thank all those who participated in the 24 hr. Free Computer Cleaning Promotion.
went to downtown Kingston springs yesterday. It's intense. So many trees down!! So glad no one is hurt!
that would suck!
Why are people so afraid to acknowledge they pass gas? What's the big deal? If you're not tooting, you're dead.
Good Morning , Remember We Should Get Juiced Up!
Because i haven't had one in so long !
I continue to be amazed by Arizona...and not it a good way.
Came to see my voice student in "Patent Leather Shoes," ran into another student in the audience, and a student from HFU is in it too!
Come in to #SandwichMeInChicago and get the energy you need to power through the second half of the day and go home
Please be safe! We all love you<21
Crossed into the land of the 200s! Are you a part of the movement? www.FreeSweat.com
Insider peak into M A R Y 's schedule: May 11, WORK. May 12, WORK. May 13, WORK. May 14 WORK.
Another successful night of Big Banging ;) #BAZINGA!
OMG- I ran into that Grizz this summer on a trail, I kid you not! He didn't kill me so why kill him!
that sounds like something Bill Parcels would say.
So I have to tell u merry Xmas no way what the hell is related to me???!!!!
ops. This should be 1912, and not 2012!
Yeah. At the minimum, it makes solo practice look really good.
mark are you at 5 yet?
tell so we head out there for a drink.
Dear iTunes, Please just call it an update. Version 10.141232 doesn't make you sound cooler. Sincerely, really? Another one?
IF ONLY I COULD FAST FORWARD, I would have been done it!
> luck !! Just look at the stats people
“: what a sicko !” i think you mean to say what a sick hoe
what you said. We will get on yo ass (Lil boosie voice)
awesome see you then!
lol you didn't say anything
yea he a old dog alright and he's about to put Durant ass to work
search moomooyawl on instagram and follow that! also follow on here! #shittacos !
#RESPECT RT : - yes put them away already.
RT : Happy New Year from everyone at Mazda! Please keep the #ZoomZoom fun, safe and responsible.
Taking my mother out for dinner
At GWU climate writing class in D.C. Exceptionally energized students, led by Prof. Michael Svoboda. Exciting media research projects. Cool.
Praying for you!
RT : someone said they r still making her? If Newt, Santorum can't find 1 GIRL? 1,000,000 Women 4 Ron Paul...
Ugh I'm gna shower & go to sleep. I need time to fly by fast af..
Tonight I made homemade Lara bars. Tomorrow I make pickled rhubarb since I got to it at the store before bought it all.
I am good. Working here at CNN. Living downtown.
I'm heading to go see my sister graduate from college Wbu?
oh woops and #ff and because that will make your refractory period shorter
"No action equals no results"
Take me off ur list bitches. U fuck faces
but u kno im cold
wish I was going!! Have fun!!!
Florida sends their christmas wished to you and the whole on one direction:')
I heard that #thevoice is being postponed until the fall, I know this can't be right but can u help clarify please? :)
Looking forward to 's sermon at John Street Church, and a sunny stroll to opening day with my siblings.
I need to stop working on my Halloween costume.
The NJSLA party was a lot of fun! Thanks, Beth and Wayne, for coming!
OMG dont u hate when someone iz talkin 2 u nd their breath stinks come on time 2 change up on da gum.lol
you on fire #26 win baby
Who else thinks Mrs. Kraft got a hand on that ball?
So how is everything with u? How is your music coming along? hope all is well :)
You brought me so much pain in the past, but I will just sit back now and let karma do her job...
blerg why is xbox live making you update it every other day...
That looks delicious and completely right up my alley! Where is this place?!
This better not be another letdown
oh, you mean puh-honics? thank you for your service to humanity.
sure I have class til 240. But let me know. :)
Approaching 10,000 followers. Thank You so much followers and NEW followers! Means so much!
Not every movement is the same poSitive pu$h
SMH @ girls who take pics with guys to make boys jealous. That does nothing but make it look like you were ho'n it up that night
The government spending money on ads telling us that smoking is unhealthy is like making sure all of us know water is wet.
RT Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
I'm tired…
We can certainly make it happen here! :)
Made it in again to the SuperDome in #NOLA. Wow what a mess with the rain storm! Go big blue
is addicted to #intellectualism and suffering withdrawl from thae lack of it in town right now
To Everyone on My Twitter - Merry Christmas! Have A Blessed Day, God Bless You All! xo
Casting for Judgment at Nuremberg. Inquiries welcome.
is officially my FAVORITE coffee joint in the city!! So many yummy #vegan treats & (vegan bias aside) THE best tasting coffee
Can the shock make some noise like the thunder this year???
Physically tired // spiritually refreshed // lifted by love
The minute you think about giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long
oh Im gonna look for it now
Because they choose instead #idiots RT : Why can't the Browns have Aaron Rodgers?
awkwardly forgetting to write #MySoCalledLife at the end of a tweet. herp.
I tried calling you again.
Agreed. Especially you ! RT : If you want my business, never, ever, ever cold call me.
oh shit, I thought you were talking about God Bless America. Yeah, saw Some Guy a few months back. Great flick.
like teasing your hair?
My gigs should be secret?! MT : Do not post info to social media that makes you vulnerable, such as your schedule.
I'm just grateful all the time!
I love Jon Stewart!!!!
#sad #obama storage wars is pretty cool show!!!!!
Coworking with PWA tomorrow at 1pm, Monkey House on Burnet. We'll be the ones on laptops. : )
Someone should have a party this weekend...
#Wise RT: The first step to becoming an entrepreneur is learning how to spell entrepreneur.
when you coming to new york again?!
man i love you
probably teeing off on Sean Foley right now.
Hi Clive, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
travel safely, see you soon...time to make the donuts ": Headed over to visit my new home
I've been invited to #TEDxPeachtree. Now to figure out if that is feasible logistically.
You should follow me before your phone dies maybe I'll give it alittle life <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
On Thaa Way To Court
We are excited about what we are planning in the next year... stay tuned!
This little boy Monte just called me buttercup. Lmfao!
well i like ur butt! lol im not gonna lie to u! :p u better miss me punk did u go to calle 8
Just got back from a great morning of wake surfing on Lake Austin. Off to a wedding a bit later today.
BC doing it live in ny tomorrow
I wish Sis it was a fake 1....sorry 2 get every1 excited wit me :-(
SPORTS R HARD
Absolutely! Thanks for the follow back, Abi!
Okay then. RT : #Spurs will face the #Rockets tomorrow back at home where they're undefeated so far at 6-0.
: It is certainly closer now. I think the data import, cleanup and filtering for sure could be one UI.
It took me forever to find a recipe, since my childish transliteration was "glimpy soup."
okay okay Ill keep it
86 years? Must be doing something right.....
GOP gridlock
I just found out Riot Squad is coming to perform at my school. Are you coming may 12th?
So epically disappointed in Snoop Dogg last night, disappointed in myself for not seeing = lesson learned
Haha i have to put gas in the car x)
that movie is the shit in 3d
hey bestfriend!! how you been?
having an amazing christmas!
Back in Tallahassee for the day.
I feel horrible! I hate being sick
Goals are relative to audience- Museum Dorks want to learn, but Young Money want to look sophisticated, many more.
It can be Wedge too. He punishes bad pitches and takes hard cuts at okay one. Times to wait for perfect pitches.
Pssssst! Christy's Concert is in TWO WEEKS at The Lily Pad in Cambridge, MA. Come see and more!
“: Just turned on the Red Wings #makingmywhitefriendsproud” aw yeah!!
HAPPY EASTER!
#Np Somebody that I Used to Know by Goyte
Attn: fashionistas! Now accepting guest posts for The Jeantherapist blog! Email for more details
lovin the music bro nice
So glad that rain storm came through. Now ready for some nice, cool weather!
has worked up an appetite.
Thank you very much Greg! Link follows.
Fillin out Job Applications is a job itself .
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Roof open on opening day would be a dream come true!
toyota 100 cars for good
#FF back at you! Live learning with you!
Wealth is finding love in yourself. Wealth is finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/EVERYONE
prepping our restaurants for launch next week! expansive menus, prime times and big tables = group dining made easy!!! A
I can't wait to wake up dreaming about burritos at 9 am with this weekend.
She might . lol
Trying my best to work and not watch more American Horror Story.
when, not if.
Dear CTA conductor, I really don't care that you've been to Honduras and Belize. How about we start moving?
blast from the past! I don't. Seems like that was 10 years ago.
Alright I'm done.
Man, this weather makes me lazy.
So I get to sell firearms all summer.
Louis singing Look After You= i'll let you know when I get back from heaven. <3
Another new tagline for the Internet #ANTFTI: Find Every Word Ever Written, Understanding Not Included
Of course! RT : I think he's still taking it down. Lol!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
We believe there are a set of steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
“: #10ThingsThatAnnoyMe Drama. The only kind of drama that there should be is of the acting variety.” agreed
... that psychotherapy has no guarantee for success and that drug treatment is as yet not available.
"Atlanta had a queer traveler in her limits yesterday. He came without bag or baggage, or even a ticket, and departed as he came."
Hell I might drink the whole bottle because I can ! And I can buy a new one tomorrow ! Why ? Because I can !
It's a beautiful Fall Monday morning here in Dallas, and the day has already started off GREAT! On a Monday??? :-) A great weekly indicator.
During major sporting events when I don't like any team involved, I typically root for the most distraught fans possible. Can't lose today
Yes! RT : you must be the most unhealthy. Training for Warrior Dash may help.
me too! It's a FF part for me! I can't watch it
Days of our life are like pages in a book, and our life is the book.
What the hell?! No! MCA was my favorite. I'm going back to bed :'(
Congrats to Equality Florida on great Orlando gala raising $100,000! Central Floroda supports equality!
Loueing this weather flow ~
Bad dreams all night and woke up with a headache :(
nothing what about you? Wanna kick the ball around and eat??
Are you going to the game??
RT : May not save much $, but sites like can reduce time wasted lkg for pkg space -> lower emissions.
I would argue great to go to citizens to engage them - but policymakers are in a position to ensure no platform has too much control
okay if that's the idea then there's no issue
Thank you for the RT!
Amazingly enough leisure studies is not a fucking skill.
Lightspeed: ENGAGE My wifey is called Gettin Paid My old chick was called Minimum Wage And my side piece is called Gettin A Raise
I'm already tired of the mct
lol it's the NBA man.. They love the Lakers, Bulls, Knicks.. Got have the big markets do good smh
Starfish are flying tonight but I'm missing and We had tarot card group text #realness today!
hahaha. Love it!
morning Caroline...and Happy Mother's Day to you!
- Well done last night sir! We loved having you in and look forward to seeing you again soon.
I feel as if we haven't talked in ages.
So what were ur 2 cents on Disciple? About to read...
4) Keep your momentum. - Donald Trump’s 10 rules of success. Rule #5 coming in 4 hours.
Thanks for reading my salmon story! So far no one's said anything nasty @ the prospect of bringing back Calif.'s grizzlies :).
#madmen unusually trippy last night as it writes itself deeper into the 60s.
Happy Thursday! We are so excited to volunteer tomorrow with to help create shoe boxes! We will be live tweeting from the event
I'm FB'ing w/some now. Plenty are nervous & skeptical of the move. Still they may support&rationalize it as political necessity
really needs to follow She is such a dedicated fan! Even has her own blog about yall! She deserves it! :))
You did! I jumped and screamed and omg not cool!!
#SeaWorldSanAntonio's Russian Swing coach Marc Z performing for the last time. He taught all the other divers the art. Good luck, Marc!...
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS. THANKS
¦ I agree. Also my MLB.tv subscription ran out and I can't afford to renew it right now! : (
OKC is handing the Lakers ass to them! I love it!
What an amazing academic day! I received so much praise from my professor I was borderline embarrassed. She used my work as an example.
Must compliment the ER staff at Scripps Mercy. Everyone so incredibly kind. Our nurse Jolene should do stand-up comedy.
can verify that there is a FULL BLOWN pirate at right now! He's a mean pirate too. Not like a Johnny Depp pirate
Happy Holidays everyone! Hope everyone is enjoying it with their family and friends.
Let your life be the example of what matters to you.
Lights off, all kitchen Staff using headlamps, all mini LED's on full restaurant !
Book now!
I wonder if your ass gets tired of all the shit that comes out of your mouth
Hi I just put this on FB as well. A rude server on Sat night appears to have changed my 15% tip to 20% retroactively.
grouchy papa bear
Flyers will need to capitalize on these PP. Nicely done by Giroux/Hartnell there.
I grant that exception. :)
I love Ariana's sense of style. It's so unique and adorkable! With her bows, dressed and hair style…so flawless<U+2665>
Bitches are annoying. Like "omg 1D is coming to America omg" -- CRY! They're getting more famous.
Goodmorning mahomies (: have a great day ! And for anyone who has a test today GOOD LUCK. <3
Waltisum of the day: make mistakes but make new ones.
yess- bouncing around- there does exist corpus of ad hoc wisdom on major-label contracts, of course; wld donate if you write it..
Hockey players don't need bounties. They settle things like men then pat each other on the back on the way to the penalty box.
good seeing these women at the Hip Hop fest! much love!
Hey how about "Stop the Magic Bullets"!
anyone else stoked for American Horror Story?! I know we aree
Every minute there are 40,747 minutes of Bible engagement through
that's wasup, doin big things ic ha..ya same here, only got a week left til i'm back home tho!
The college algebra test blew my mind, like always.
i did the twitition and im
Its wine down wednesday at the tavern!! Come see Elisa, Brian, & Isaac at the bar tonight!! Big City Tavern.... Best on the Blvd! ;)
RT I like my house music like sunken ships, dark and deep.
sickening! I'm jelly
An older sister told me, "one day you're gonna hit a brick wall called stability, and grab the first thing smoking."
Congratulations, new home owner!
Controlling is prioritized over collaboration Darwin knew it w survival of the fittest...:) however, research supports collab.
They were pretty amazing. We've discovered that most bands from Iceland are
Related Features
Gosh Thank you for the FF# I really need to work on my Twitter, lacking on it, thanks babe!!!
Mathematics is the alphabet with which God has written the universe.
Hello and a belated thanks for the RT back in January!
it's 4:03 and i cant sleep without you next to me. i toss & turn like the sea.
No Aubrey was on Danity Kane, another Diddy girl group. Dream was years before Danity Kane.
Downloading music from the blogesphere, feelin' a little thirst comming on, lol!
First Biden said Obama has "a big stick." Then he pushes Obama into supporting gay marriage. Watch out, Michelle.
can't wait for the weekend!!
9 is kinda late for me...
Oh turtles<3
“: y'all ready for the Juggernauts?”lol yea big bro We finished off our last one strong Tho we should have won by 20
and tell your mommy she's it something coming in the mail :)
Gahh, you have to give me more notice! I would have loved to, but I'm booked tomorrow night. Next time fo sho!
404 Error, link not found.
I love seeing another Finger Lakes native, , doing it big out here in Hollywood... do you know ??
Finally feels like there may be pond hockey this winter after all.
if you could hang out with anyone for an entire day who would it be and why?(:
lol and "beautiful you are"
Work in LA!
As aforementioned, significant warm spell for area late next week and weekend. With enough moisture, severe wx a distinct poss, too.
I am such a hoarder. I just found movie tickets from 2008! Shake my head:l
FROM A SCALE 1-10 HOW EXCITED ARE YOU TO GET UR BRACES OFF!? :D..
As long as you need (:
After a long night last night, it's nice to sit back, drink tea, and follow 's narrow #carlingcupfinal win over Cardiff.
I can't tell if life is presenting me with glorious opportunities or terrible, self indulgent mistakes.
I will be appearing on Impact TV this Saturday with Greg Davis for a taping!
I think we're lucky to have on our teams. Other #digitaldissertations could get more out of a (rhetorical) split.
okay how much ?!?
Owww my eyes are burning! Stupid onions!
This day couldn't get any worse
The #IWS2012 panel is about to begin with 's Sara Basson, 's Doris Cully, from and AS' Shirley Malcom.
Jones having a terrible night at the plate
"I have an army." "We have a Statue of Liberty."
This chic is a site for my soar eyes!
I hate you old lady ailments!
where u from
Like a standard dinner for you...14lbs.
Just had a really great experience with a rep named Holly Rocco. Awesome name, awesome customer service.
Minnesota: University Of Minnesota Crookston Address
"May the 4th be with you" this is so clever!
If you wanna be entertained day after day with hilarious tweets, follow my main man, my cousin, and fellow bearcat fan
exactly what is that they explained? And the date was all over the fourms.
that was rough! You yoga folx are pretty serious lol I found new muscles today
So happy to find out that I'll be seeing tomorrow & shell be running class all day!
I've been looking forward to #yoga all day! Im ready to embrace #peace #love and
I think I'll smoke one more bowl before work
Unfortunately, your "friends" then proceeded to alternately deny and endorse said threats, making them also responsible.
No one's looking. Let's go now! See you at the bar! ;) RT : Happy #MayDay. We’re feeling an early #happyhour. How about you?
26th longest game ever.
Shower then chill.
would love to see videos about how people are using Springpad. Seems like a cool app. Just haven't found my use case yet. Thanks!
Ill be there when your heart stops beating ill be there when your last breaths taken away
seriously... overtime... gahh... I think I'm gonna EXPLODE
lmao, I aint even gon try to listen to it and text me new phone...
I every day write to you "Please Follow Me" You can follow me? please it will mean so much to me 9
smart words from a smart
I'm afraid of blind people.
RT : RT : #AZFire RT : Forest Service to host job workshop on Jan. 26 in Flagstaff. Don't miss......
RT training with at Santa Monica beach every tues & thurs !
I was fired for being "contentious" once. The funny thing is I can be hired for the same reason -- informed opinions are currency.
likes my peaches to crunch like apples
I think #11 hits you when you're having your morning coffee (said in sarcastic font) Thanks for the tweet
Watching the boyz today so excited!:)
hey Jason , thanks a ton. Curious did you work on that PSA here in la about texting as driving ?
Bug hunting today. Its no fun when you break something you fixed before...
Hey guys good morning. Passing by to show some love :).
Hey, I'm sorry just getting this now, I was switched to a different story, but thanks for trying to help!
Never named a poem/that could write its identity.
craft havin a heck of a game.
Our pleasure and thanks for the inspiration!
My pleasure!
I think you should come sing those songs to me tomorrow.
Watching one of my favorite shows, The Universe, on the History Channel. Outer space is totally amazing...!
Enjoy! (& post pix!) RT Excited to be trying my first homestyle Chinese dish. Teochew braised brisket from
it's like santa claus, it's only real if you believe!
ah, you're Canadian ;-) What would have happened if the French had won the battle of Quebec?
Break away from the screen today & do a physical chore. Nothing like mopping to get ur creativity flowing +sneak activity in.
Canes beat FSU!!!!!
spent today with NC's lovely and oh-so-helpful traveling archivist. Look for us soon on that blog that helped him set up.
none taken ha
wow...that's deep.
but I think psychology/chemistry as a driving force that is counteracting our body's own guidance systems.
Just found out about You can win prizes just for using bing and w/ new social search, considering a switch from Google.
What would SATAN do?!
Man the more time I spent in NJ the weirder its gets...having coffee at Jim Dandy's Rib shack b4 a meeting...Don't ask!
Im wearing my glasses and about to go to the orthodontist...I am such a nerd today :o lol
didn't lose a reso, but I won't be booking new flights given their disregard for Premier Silver
Want to be a food/retail vendor at our #AAIP festival Aug 11&12 in Point State Park-Pgh? Non-African food/items ok. Info session TBA soon
"To beat this Miami Heat team in a series, you have to beat them 4 times." - Reggie Miller.
Last night I slept with the lights on cuz I was too lazy to turn em off.
your welcome and lol Alex followed me Thursday(:
thanks Kate!
that and not seeing you!
baby wings?
i know right (: at least i didnt get it from google <3
Caden i feel stupid askimg this lol but what is the water stage by
"C'est dix neuf, quatre vingt dix neuf" - Prince, were he French. I don't think it would have worked. LOL
Sorry man - all signed up now!
As a die hard Spurs fan you can BET I was rooting against the Lakers! Way to go Denver!
i PROMISE you that I will NEVER drink&drive. Its a horrible thing that happens when you do. #RIPpeyton&drewduffy
oh you called lol
it'll be a blast bring your boss;)
thx for the follow!
Pop Rocks has to be the worst candy to eat at the movies.
It will take me 3 late night transfers to get home. Tweet and text me aaaaalll night woo
She the sh*t...she the one
$500 or less, for installation and minor tweaking of the theme, simple text logo. Not a big job.
Still in awe of the book jackpot we landed at yesterday! We fit 24 in our $5 bag o' books! That's $.21 a book!
“ Lebron playing with them boys”
Had a blast last night with our buddies !
Kent Law school with Jeffery Leving for his alumni professional achievement award
A corporate narration for a company in Spain and then more audiobook narration is the #voiceover work for today.
best dance ever!
Haha! You're too kind
Chevvys tonight at midnight for some kids birthday
im witcha on that!
i was just a pawn of something else nice!
Sitting in bio is the last place I want to be right now...
Do u have a sandwich that includes the meat,cheese etc but also has cole slaw and fries IN the sandwich? Pittsburgh style!
Friends, wine, dogs. I feel complete tonight :)
In my best Southern voice.."what is that? and are you eating that?"
Levon Helm passed today. RIP. Thanks for all the music during your time as a member of the Band. Cripple Creek, Don't Do It and more.
Anyone down to hit up the Berryessa flea market today around 2? Hit me up if you are!!!
It's always good to talk to
Just had my last college class...#wheredoesthetimego?
O.K. race fans! Quick heads up..Grand Prix this weekend! Better ZOOM in early for your CHEEZY EATS!
i'd go back just for the food!!!
It was so awesome to see my friends in tonight. Its been too long. I was silly and got a poster of them to keep in my room.
On first boat of the day over to Macau. Want to look at furniture, and visit Temple of A-ma, and get TJ a silk scarf!
#BMAengage, Also interesting that the #1 customer question in 2009 was 'How to save money', not "How can you make us more money"?
first spanish language reference interview! it went great but realize i need more spanish practice.
Well thanks!! Filming a video for a #newsong this weekend! Coming soon :)
nice! i like that one a lot.
wait, did that actually happen?? I did see the last ep of Mad Men
Thanks for the shout out. :)
im OFFICIALLY following 1,004 ppl ...... and yet my followers are still in the 600's ? ppssh -.- but thanks for the ppl who followed bck (:
fun ideas!
Excited to try my new kindle
Such a simple reach out made my evening turn around, thank you :)
One week to Cyprus.
I love Joey Votto.
Drew is the total opposite. he loves the camera. he stops whatever he's doing when he sees the orange pre flash.
I know still follows me.....
It's April 24! Where's the download link for Walking Dead??
oh that story lol damn!
Coming Soon!! New additions to our Baltimore Family... Stay Tuned!!!
Great friends and crazy nights are
yeah i can do this :/ :) it'll take time but i can do it
I see you homie
There's some good lit on that topic that I read while writing my paper. Mostly content-analysis, not survey. Happy to share.
Designing and Building Attractive Salon Websites, thats what we do in our Lounge!
Can also bring you ' Dry Rye Gin. Pain in the ass to mix but think you might like it with a twist.
Whats Going On? The Name Is Melvyn Nice to Tweet You
Girl what u doing with all dat ass over there
thanks for following!
Cartoonist Kal Kallaugher's Stoop story about his up & down relationship with Schaefer is on The Signal @ 1 p.m. today on 88.1
Me too, me too. RT : Missing Daddy especially tonight, but know I'll see him one day soon.
So pleased that is giving us the gift of Easter sunday
we're totally honored!
Ya but some of her fans are doing it for her but ya it makes me mad when people do that!
they r such beasts
U just knew I wuz talkin bout u huh
nun i miss you :)
Did you know staying physically active not only helps your heart but boosts your libido as well? Get your body moving & blood flowing!
hey today is my b-day can you cal me and wish me happy b-day as a gift please you inspire me so much.my number is 2164564561
"I ride this motherloving beat like a tractor I ride this motherloving beat like a train Choo choo go hard go faster Stack pees every day.."
Oh yea and my bad for waking u up next time don't answer the phone dude
good morning my beautiful friend! Enjoy your 'Friday'. :)
Thanks for the RT and the amazing 5 things!
Author of "Henry Gaylord Wilshire: The Millionaire Socialist" will give a free lecture Sat., 2/4, 1:00 p.m., main branch
WATCHING ELF<3
Yep, it's a double shift day! Don't do it often, but it's different and fun... hopefully I'll crash now :) z!
Before I delete all this spam, is anyone interested in cheap insurance, hydrocodone or Viagra? Let me know.
"My real name is Helen Hayes." -- Ron Leibman
I hate those fucking EAS broadcasts!!
What beauty or fashion trend are you excited to see return this year?
#nowplaying Sleeping With Sirens - Your Nickel Ain't Worth My Dime
Because nothing hurts worse then penetration by a defensive lineman.
CUSE Tonight, Sabres also tonight. Cold beer/Cocktails/Pizza/Dragon Wings/Specials. Like Walmart except with stuff you LOVE everywhere.
heading to florida tonight
#Cal where great recruiting classes turn into mediocre football teams
Behind 4 hits, 2 walks and a passed ball, Trinity takes a 3-0 lead over St. Xavier after one full inning.
& NEW VIDEO HAD SOME THOUGHT BEHIND IT
Hey follow me please i would be happy
Ik lol and still uses it today Definitely give props to you! lol
I know! I miss that too
RT : There are so many blessings, so many things to be thankful for. Don't let one ungrateful individual ruin your day.
farewell day practice then dance
I learned more stuff in church than I did in the world
indoctrination achieved!
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Taunting the Snow Gods... Off to #whitepass for some #snowboarding and cabin goodness.
can this one day be when I'm there.
Another Great Program tonite!!
T.I. never disappoints on any of his songs or songs he collabs on. Dude, you on fire!
Conducting fabulous Mimecast demos!
There's also a little blonde girl version only slightly less ADHD who keeps moving to another computer. They should all go home. Now.
I would never push the Where the Wild Things Are movie though. I don't want people to have their memories spoiled.
PERFECT...BUT WHAT IF IT'S VIAGRA?..OR, WAIT...NEVER MIND THAT LAST REMARK...T/F/S...
Holy shit. Switched to Lingerie Football League on MTV2. These girls are hitting HARD & only wear shoulder pads & helmets.
I will learn to be like u
I can't believe I only just now found all your covers. They're incredible! Can't wait to see more! :)
So whenever #Brewers offensive market correction comes, could be quite the party. In the meantime, listen to some Tom Petty.
Hello, Fort Myers! Can't wait to see the girls. West Palm tomorrow for #Sunfest yeeeeeow!
I could never say goodbye to you forever
Thanks a lot! Yeah, I could have used another hour or 2, but I guess that teaches us to keep to the salient points.
Was gonna pick up #Diablo3 until I realized the ultrabook I travel with doesn't have an optical drive.
yes she is...a big one at that!!!
Enjoying inflight wireless access while flying back to West Palm Beach for current writing-training-consulting hospice project.
We’re experienced professionals with an eye out for your profits. --RPMCentralValley
Thanks for the RT.....how are you guys?
this week is going to be fun xD
Sounds lovely. Missing Astoria and it's own little uniqueness.
Sometime u have to have your down points of love to see the value of real love
I haven't been on Tumblr in forever.
The books? We've donated quite a lot already, but more are planned before the move for sure! :)
“: Who wants a Free bomb tonight?” midnight sound good?
no crystal ball here. But keep an eye out for UCLA. They have a good recruiting staff that knows its time to capitalize.
What is; Has answer in the form of a question been taken?
Have a Dentist appointment tomorrow and already dreading it. Scares the crap outta me :(
Ears still ringing from epic #Shellac show last night.
Now that I think about it, my family is pretty cool ~
Yeah, I DL'd it that same day. It's bubblicious.
wow thanks! Im sure appreciates that too.
“: I love looking at him when he smiles.”
thanks for the follow!!! :)
ha :) so whats up?
Clear Lounge in Intercontinental Hotel - Great beer prices for a hotel bar. Jeff is an awesome mixologist/bartender.
Its Coming ya'll. Earth ain't shaking for no reason.
Got to misty and fucked up so bad I am restartting
ATX is awesome! Weather couldn't be better!
Supporters that couldn't get into Ron Paul rally in Vancouver are waiting outside convention center. They think he'll stop by. We'll see...
Off to a horror film audition! This one I'm actually excited about!
holla at me if you have free time
...but I wasn't sure what the limits (when acquiring tweets) are.
Your at the heart of what corrupts our government. It needs to stop!
your still on my fantasy basketball squad lol
RT : Some days are dreaming days. Dream beautiful dreams, & let those dreams spill like flowers into your world. ~
I'm listening to "Mighty To Save" by Anthony Evans on
it was great to watch the Astros beat up on the Cardinals when I was in STL last weekend too
I love falling asleep with writing on the back of my hands and waking up with it imprinted on my face..
I didn't get anything.
I don't have any long term plans yet so we'll see how it goes! Maybe NYC is next :)
Substitute "people" for "celebrities" and "the internet" for "social platforms" and I agree!
God it still feels like we have days left.
sure thing, I thought so too.
ya at the theater whenever taylor came everyone screamed but wen rob came no one said a word lol sry rob!!!
Toshiba announces Excite 10, 7.7 and 13 tablets, Thrive slates on their way out
hope you find your phone lil sis jenn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> don't cry and #keepitpositive <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> love yew <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><U+2764>
I think I'm in love with the Vince Lombardi trophy!
Thats it old people should not attempt to understand technology
Lemme concentrate on my workout.
lol thoughtthat was a jerky comment
RT : Finishing up a great three day visit w looking forward to the continued partnership w
...breaths... Feeling better?
U ain't finna get that RT : Waitin on FAMU to give me back my money !
I know you just met him, and yes it IS crazy, so give him your number, but don't leave with him. OK? Play it safe, party animals.
hey Joe, I'm drunk at the bar and i miss you, bro!
hey stranger! You too. Hope you're doing good.
Rough day of work on the books this afternoon. #Seahawks training camp for "research".
Baked salmon, smashed potatoes & corn on the cob, I hate cooking when people expect it from me but I love cooking when it's for fun!
Thanks Jim! Hope to see you soon.
is the most amazing person ever
lol loser! Im kidding! My brother broke his same collar Twice !
correction: only one MISL playoff game to live tweet tonight... at MISLComets
So I think part of my annoyance at those ads is they are borderline false advertising. I never ever use that thing. It can't understand me.
Haha no way! If she was single and they were dating. If she's in a relationship, then its wrong.
We're all on a lingering #GABF slash Bush/Chevelle high this morning. What was the best part of your weekend #Denver?
because you're white.
Sitting at the #acappocalypse with
You didn't really get me to like them I don't like One Direction
Boston is ablaze, Marathon Monday, Baseball & Record Heat!
the thing that sucks about following famous people is all the irrelevant people do w. them.. i want to obsess alone..
JEALOUS ASS
Hey be sure to meet at #in2 She is a *founder* of the global coworking movement!
My white pants are saved!
Was in a Microsoft retail store the other day, really have no idea why
while I don't disagree w/his reasoning for having criminal checks, u need to have a clear SOP for exclusion 4 when u get sued :)
Okay, one more question. Love existing "old" bike, but can't stop "needing" newer, lighter, stiffer. Is there a cure?
today seems aggressively earlier that normal.
I don't want those grips /:
just some quick
Woman ahead of me in carpool is a passenger in a cab, I'm guessing her car conked on the way, bad day
Sad, sobered and humbled by the passing of b-boy a.y...... Thank you for so many good time. Our loss is heavens gain.
Some people, when confronted with a problem think: I know, I'll use a bloom filter library. Now they got 99 problems but the bits ain't one.
Got an award for outstanding performance in Musical Theater at Senior Celebration Night :)
Did you know that will be closing after service on March 24th. We look forward to see what happens next! (cc: )
There are #tebowfans and there are #footballfans LRNtheDIFFERENCE Tebow should go into ministry or politics or fullback
legs wowza... oh there is a dog there, hi
That quote was probably first said by Harlan Ellison, not Frank Zappa.
I'm good Doc. How bout u bruh?
Soo..I 'm bored always:( Bye guys!! I love guys!! Good night! Or Morning ! Xoxo:Vane<3<3
you should just move here or something and then you too can experience the #chicago bar scene!
You are so welcome! I live to serve! Try not to imagine the ginger Sasquatch laboring away on top of some poor soul.
assholes really thought the end of the world was gonna b yesterday HOW STUPID!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hope they lost all there money
WOW! Well done, Mr. Collins!
About to share some of our promo work, let us know which one is your favorite!!!
NP ;) *KISSES* HUGS
I thought the snow was supposed to hold off until this evening???
For who you're worth, you're worth all the while.
But they could nothold him, and once more he took to walking
That's Awesome
I think wants you to get on bahaha mabey you should? lol
very true!
Yeah were upset and im sure austin and the crew are to but we have to support him because were mahomies and thats what we do.
That would imply that there were actually Viking fans there..... Is that really the case?????
just saw Gone .... That was amazing! <3
Oh FFS! Gotta admit, I'm not surprised. Stand Your Ground passed easily with bipartisan support.
#kids Sunday Dual Morning Services: Sunday Dual Morning Services from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 8:30 AM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 1:00 PM...
Ewww gross dude
How do you feel today? What are you up to?
Lol..ur the best thing that has ever happened to meh!
#LT10 BPP now publishes dozens of output types (texts, web courses, assess,ents, certifications, e-Books, etc.) from single source of XML
Big props to the #wcatl WC organizers! It was a great conference.
Midnight thoughts. In search of Self, first there is You, then Me, the No One. By and large this takes 40 years.
don't you wish the was there to share it with you though.
Whoever invented the bread bowl at Panera Bread is a genius and i love him.
I wish I was pretty like her, then maybe you'd be mine....
Omg !! #BoyzAreBack Can't wait till they perform and do their thing in stage ;) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
What's good family! I miss you!
I think my whole life is over now.
WHY ARE YOU SO FLAWLESS OMG. follow mee?:)
I love it. I hope to have a baby girl one day.
are you going to take me???
It's Cleveland: What's not to like? Tribe playing well, Plain D still kicking. Not kidding, moved by yr story all way thru
Agreed. In Rainbows is such a good album! Not too big on the new one though.
hm. Salad? Snow with leaves? Garden clippings rinsed ons bowl? It's a great picture but leaves room for interpretation!
Following the Japan penalty, USA kick into touch
; actually had that conversation the other day. :o
Thankful that all is well here on Maui following the tsunami warning.
Jennifer Griffin is talking about her fight with #BreastCancer! radiokolamerica.com
and you would look beautiful in dreads
RT : could (Prezi) be the comic sans of presentations?
lord forgive me!
Stephanie, I have to say that you look great with DARK hair. (don't change that lovely look)
Our new #Baltimore City opening in 45 days or so.....
ALMOST TIME! hdihakdbdoanaldbdkanskddk tickets!
Maybe it's just because I'm grumpy
oh em ge! Amazeballz! In love says that all the time!:) it's so crazy why did you go to Australia?
I don't know. I think I missed him already.
It's FRIDAY! After a long week at work you deserve a nice lunch - Try our Spare Rib Lunch Special ONLY $6.49!
a hit me up.cuz im goin by the suit store between today n tnrw
Cool - thank you Jen! (cc )
Yet you continually turn down my MySpace invites. Admit you love it. Admit you NEED My Space.
Drop everything now Meet me in the pouring rain Kiss me on the sidewalk Take away the pain 'cause I see sparks fly whenever you smile <3
Lost our game in over time. Only am disappointed becuase the only 2 people i have ever hated are on that team..
Keep us posted on the Q&A - Frances has a great sense of humor and energy when she is around STUDENTS!
lol oh nice!! im going to be like depressed in most of my monologue
im in love with my icon.
What's with #baylor uniforms.....#marchmadness?
Sucky internet so I couldn't watch Iron Man 2 in HD on Netflix :)
Summer Reading List cont. 4) Most Talkative, 5) At the Dark End of the Stree,
Learning #CUDA and #OpenCL, two revolutionary techs that allow for parallel processing across both the #GPU and #CPU. Tips for a beginner?
Morton's Berkley Square
not fine dining, great beer, hole in the wall places are good, creative for breakfast is good, one dinner spot gastropub?
Ryan, Y U NO get the idea that is STOOOOPID
Relationships are like broken glass. Sometimes it’s better to leave them broken than hurt yourself trying to put the pieces back together.
Enjoyed some interesting photography for fashion classes today.. getting ready to put my brand new knowledge to work
We'll see you in the B1G title game.
Iam with my cousin sky
I love you soo much, your so beautiful, im jelous. :(
Wrote a 32 page letter to you,poured my heart out,Now I'm ready to watch it burn.
Just made the post, link in a sec...
Nothings going right, everything's a mess & nobody likes to be alone.
officially relocated to Zurich :)
thanks sweetie
I know, I am really hoping for no flight delays!
not right now, maybe in a few months
I m great.....Having grt tym in the desert
I hate the Lakers.
Wake up with purpose, great day ahead!
yea man thas my fav style lemme look at some
"Journalism": now with a singlet & chaps.
fried chicken, yams, macaroni n cheese, greens, dressing n cornbread!
Rip Grip <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
New Year, New Plans, Let me help you with a #security and #safe makeover!
Are you in Nashville tomorrow? Sweet! Then come to The 5 Spot at 7pm and bring your friends... It's sure to be a good time.
I'm not interested in staring at your boobs. Put a shirt on.
Targeting US Hispanic market is a business imperative! So why are marketers only spending 5% of budget to reach them
So nice to be home! Spring Training games start on Saturday. GO SOX!!!
Great first break out session at
the guy that forced himself on the maid.....
awesome. Let's get some retarded tattoos and make other bad choices!
:) yay. Ladies night!
consider us for some delicious, gluten-free, vegetarian dishes. Just call in advance for that size order!
I Can't Make You Love Me is trending! of course the first thing that comes to mind is Zydeco! love them.
Getting my mind right for tonight...
Less than 25 left on the show for the week. 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy about NBA, NFL or whatever you'd prefer.
seeking 8 actors for That Was It: The Tragic Tale of Our King Michael Jackson. Email for more info.
just finished the sign up page for the site. go ahead and check it out and sign up at www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com & jointhe mailing list
high school musical comes on shuffle.
The people where I go to get my nails done do a good job but I'm 100% sure they would eat me first if it came down to it.
Ah ! True . I Work 1-10 Friday .
The Voice.
Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving! We all have things to be thankful for!
Blood of a survivor run deep. I will never give up.
upstream brewing company. 11th and Jackson
Barajas with a leadoff single! Harrison bunts him over.
YES WE DID(: and I went on a mission to find Ed sheeran but failed): Oh well(:
On my man period fuck the world tonight
friday night and chillin, what a day, DC ticket enforcement is a trip, i am their best customer, my co-workers call me Ticketz-&-Bootz
C/A Sports Update: HS Boys Bball game cancelled
Excited for Monday>>>> #RattPack Young Sinatra: Undeniable is about to kill it.
Wouldn't it be amazing if followed me?:) Oh wait... I'm dreaming :(
Every show is love, I love Music its never work its always fun creating time now yeah!
RT hey guys can we confirm your email / /
Today we're talking sequins! Do you think they can be wearable for daytime or should they only be out at night?
Only mexicans can get girls with nice cars
It's almost time to record a new song....
I CHOOSE JESUS!!!!!
i think so coach bokar made it seem that way but idk for sure.
girls needa stop trynna act like dudes forreal wtf?? yall \look nasty ass hell...be classy not trashyy
Trials are not the reason to give up but a Challenge to improve ourselves..Pain is not an excuse to back out but an Inspiration to move on.
Its West Coast Swing Thursdays at Dance Bethesda! Lessons for Newcomers and Intermediate+ at 8pm and Dance Party at 9pm. See you tonight!
aw c:
horses are bad for the environment.
when is the show
#MyPastRelationships don't matter.
A voucher goes to... ! Congrats!
Thanks I appreciate the follow!
2D project just added to my list of stuff to do. I hope I'm living by this time next week.
Ugh im so gross
Wait, actually?
The way we r going, we'll soon have high schools devoted exclusively 2remediation: "#LAUSD Basic Skills Magnet"
oh well thanks again :)
Did u send yet? RT : I'll have Zumbathon pics for you later. Wireless in my office isn't working.
I know right? Did you get the email about the Miss Pretty in PINC pageant? Slots are going FAST!
Thank you .
There are just 8 days left to LIKE us BVEN Boutique to get your FREE $25 Gift Card!
its lady blazers :l
Quick question: how do you spell the shortened form of the word "usual?" As in, 'I'll have the yooge."
Just so you're aware, my first thought was 320 Harry Potter what?
how is that going to work when there is no signal at the park?
New to tweeting!
okay(: thanks
Happy birthday to my leader, the man I base all my politics around, Barney Gumble!
I've made Jordan and Kevin watch 5 continuous hours of MADE! Do I feel bad about that? Not really... They secretly enjoy it...
The River SDSU tonight at 7pm!!! Tula Hall, San Diego State University, San Diego, CA 92115
Shout out to the person who stops tweeting shout outs to people.
Only 9 tickets left out of 50 for the Backroads Brewery Bus Tour! Vintage has 2, Alchemy has 3 and our website has 4.
I was going to mention your combination of Avril and BFMV... but then I realized I have Bury Your Dead & Liza Minneli >.<
I never feel so dehydrated as when I wake up listening to rain.
#DNR holy shit y'all make these evening drives entertaining! Awesome bitches! Love from Texas and Louisiana
Its almost pool party season! Don't be caught with a dirty pool. Call the pros at Desert Pool Cleaning for all your pool service needs!
Well thank you very much. I'd love to work with you and connect again sometime. :)
Ridiculous! are you pretty much a guaranteed 310+ at this point?
#ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest ! Peace & Love !
Watched it last night until 2am. So good : FYI: Boogie Nights is starting on Cinemax right now. "It's a real film, Jack.”
At UMKC Mckinzie Symposium, just finished discussing how project could benefit teachers by bringing primary sources to classroom.
Gluttonous Friday night, almost didn't make it to 7am yoga, then teacher asks me to demo handstand splits variations for class.
be sure to wave to the YNN truck! Go team YNN!
Bouta hit mr h up in gym (:
that's awesome!!
Need a new business phone line installing?.. Business broadband?.. Business Mobiles? Give us a call: 0844 880 2010
What was your New Years resolution? and have you kept it up?? (yes or no, tell the truth) :-)
Ill make sure to keep my distance,say I love you when your not listening.how long can we keep this up, how long can we call this love ..?<\3
To all you females out there don't mix alcohol with your medication
We can arrange for Donny to come back and remove that feeling for you.
So... I'll just go shipping today and forget about the 250+ pages in wuthering heights I have to read by tomorrow.
I luv taco bell
Kobe Bryant 20 points. Andrew Bynum 20 points. Doesn't matter in this series if Lakers don't find a way to slow down the Thunder.
Thanks! We had a great time! RT : that #NOEW2012 tent was amazing!
Bahaha well i mean... chicken IS super good and i called it! :p Gold ol' spider-sense. jk
you for the follow Jordan! We hope to see you soon!
ya sure. But dont forget! (:
interesting Pinterest stats! Def something to think about..
Thanks to everyone who submitted a story to the "Columbus" anthology. We have now contacted everyone who submitted, please check your email
Sorry man, rough day!!
can u plz follow me new twitter? :)
um dont have a fb but my sister does. u can friend her: catherine michelle
lmfao aye, do you have a fucking Racoon tail on your head in the Workahol video?! (Fave song right now btw). Keep it up bruh
Is it just me or does facebook now have ads?
My MOO package is in the post!
#GoBucksGo!! Damn i'm tired...
I think Valentina should have stayed alive so she could see how she really treated Jasmine and realize her mistakes.
The storm this weekend may produce a significant amount of snow
I think it's because he's preforming on Dancing With The Stars.
Computer dirty talk: I'm gonna RAM your processor until I terminate all over your motherboard.
crushing some pancakes with my boys this morning. yesh..,..
are you opening up a Red Mango in S. Fla? Boca Raton will be good. (I'm in if u need financing!)
Thank you! RT
When the empty parking lot across the street starts looking 3-dimensional...maybe I should call it a night.
I'm on facebook as , creeping her pictures.
I think about being a nun, and that means I"ll get NONE! That is troubling for me Mary Mag, a lustful woman like us, how did u do it?
Just gettin out of church, so ready 2 eat like rite now, um I can smell the food!!!
unless its muscle lol
I'm one of those girls who likes walking through the rain and doesn't complain about their hair messing up.
I do NOT want to go to class today -__-
Be your college self again this Sat. 4PM ! #FlipCup tournament hosted by ! com for more details!
microblog is as far as I'm willing to take it lol ;-)
made it real clear she don't fuck with me no more
I wish would fb
Can't wait for this dang food to get here!
This is so boring
It doesn't matter if Colton Dixon wins or not. He is already a star.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always. - Oprah Winfrey
hooray! :D I am quite smart ;D #woop yay all bow down to my cats sooty,suzie and alfie ;D
Was voter #50 at my polling place. Pushed the button for Williams for DA & Mandel for Controller. Philadelphians, go VOTE!
In New York City
Don't forget to vote today. Ballot boxes open until 8 p.m.
We can evade reality, but we cannot evade the consequences of evading reality. Ayn Rand
Wow. RT : #Packers currently have 64 players on their roster. Means under new rules they can add 26 via draft/rookie FA's
thanks for coming out for #WebWiseWed today! We really appreciate it!
Wow. A lobbyist complaining about $ driving education? #irony I'm sure DT parents would love to chat...
I agree and hope that happens. Neurocardiology shows the heart has much say in processing..not just the brain
I love Miller commercials saying they cut out the filler. They may have gotten the filler, but they took everything else out with it.
its 12pm, up playin some games and eatin pizza, its gonna rain in the mornin!! So excited
<U+266C> 1962 Bob Dylan legally changed his name from Robert Allen Zimmerman <U+266C>
AMEN! RT : This digital media session at #AHA2012 shares wall w/ session on geospatial history. TEAR DOWN THIS WALL, MR GORBACHEV
I'm feeling good tonight! All I want to do is have a convo w|my man. He means the world to me! [MOOD] Loved<U+2665>:-*
May 1, 2012...Projected Website Launch!! Stay Tuned.
eat them. Then comment. Deal?
EU Student Finance - The Student Room
Going back to '05 (that's where my calendar ends), excluding tours & remounts I've lit about 100 shows, I have no idea how to organize that.
my moms best friends name was Karen and she couldn't name me that cause they had to agree..do she switched it to a J! HBU?
Sweet! We are excited.
Weekend was very productive, in the process of reaching a lot of people to help find a cure for autism!
thanks man! Appreciate it
Like I said, they looked exhausted. Hardly moving, going through the motions for the most part.
*drank alot* watching Jimmy Kimmel singing Michael Bolton are you serious imma marry
Good idea about the pin! She loves her pins!
cleverness is thy middle name!
psyched to make carrot cake cupcakes tonight. no excuse needed to eat buckets of cream cheese frosting!
YO! SEATTLE. I'M TRYING TO RIP YOUR FACE OFF. IN A FRIENDLY WAY TONIGHT KNUCK IF YOU BUCK
IS SO BEAUTIFUL. shes like perfect.
RT : Join us at Noon EST Today: Babies, #Breastfeeding & Bottles. Feed the baby, Protect the #BFing: Live Webinar & Chat...
Party free just gotta pay for drinks
Technology Tuesdays: Teamlab’s RFID Clothing Hangers
Hope it works out!! this can be a young and fun adventure
peanutbutter m&m's xD its good O.O
So I've decided to delete Facebook and Twitter and stick directly with Instagram. Too many spies n drama. Add me On Instagram!!!
Florida is clicking right now. Kind of surprised Marquette isn't running away with it.
got a great workout in and fresh out the shower a nigga feeling 2 damn good right bout now jus if i had a girl.!
For NFL players whining about concussions, you're welcome not to play in the league.
Thanks for being my 100th follower!!! :)
Drinking #kangen water and loving it!
hey beautiful, what u up 2? looking great. keep up the good work!
Happy Hour in D.C www.DCAfterWork.com
Sometimes I wish I had you here with me...
New Search in Etan Patz Case Dozens of investigators descended on a SoHo building Thursday in a renewed search for evidence in one of New
I agree. Certainly that sense of inevitability is lost too.
I know! We may even see ea other 2x this weekend, if you're going to Queery2. Maybe u can explain veronica mars appeal to me.
see...that was a problem. The gave me perks. Didn't work. Gave me Vicodin...didn't work.
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac We see more stability in altac careers than tenure-seeking academics.
Haha you know it babe! I needa come to your part of Bunnell and we needa chill! :D
I just earned the Global Domination badge on #Yelp!
I tried to clown on today and it didn't go over very well.
plz be my 300 follower I will not spam I need a 300 follower can u be number 300 thanku chao outside :D
I saw them in San Jose. Best night of my life
and thats a wrap
lol who was it
Lol, Money From Strangers. "Falafel that, bitch."
It’s not a party till somebody fucks a pumpkin...
We're starving for love, hunger games.
I forgot we had a show tomorrow.
Quantum Health Receives Major Awards From Women Presidents&#39; Organization
I plan to trip and we both coming. ;) <U+2661>
We needed another body for practice today...how many other HEAD COACHES can go through a practice with their team!?
Roenicke reminding me of Grandpa Macha. Show some fire man.
Kevin Millwood is as good at his job as George Costanza. Doing just enough to not get fired, all day everyday.
Couldn't be more excited! RT Two months exactly until wine country! San Fran! Vegas! Happy May 1
WTF DO THEY EXPECT YOU TO SAY? LIKE WTF AM I SUPPOSED TO DO IN THAT SITUATION?
me babe(:
LOL. Sounds good. :-)
The 4th Annual PBR Street Party is only one week away! Sunday, July 3rd - Burnhearts - Logan & Potter - Bay Vew.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
I'm about to get a bottle of jack and take that motherfucker straight to the dome. Solo getting smashed and writing like crazy tonight.
a pleasure :)
Good morning
DeMaio wins GOP endorsement for mayor with 71% vote - in spite of facing two strong GOP challengers. I'm feeling good about joining GOP.
Be creative....I already put the post up but I'm sure I'll edit it at some point today
it's ok. Schools gounna get better.
This sounds amazing!!! RT : 0% Peach + sliced almonds + dash of cinnamon = dessert
LIAM TOUCHED A SPOON!! liam and silver!
We have apologized, uncovered the syndicate mistake, taken action and now let's all move on
If you're not watching the Buckeyes, you're missing out! Follow for in game updates from me and like us on Facebook!
“ Studies show that talking to your teen about sex can prevent unwanted teenage pregnancy. TALK! #Philly #health”
It's really sad :(
The fine folks are helping to make inspiring public art happen all over Baltimore. Please utilize there amazing services!
Gave me an idea RT Talking to about head injuries playing football
Painting and listening to movie scores. So far it's been Conan and The 13th Warrior. Music of Ennio Morricone coming up next.
Lord you bless me in so many ways(: i couldnt ask for anything else!
Tweet. Tweet
is following me so glad that he is love u austine!!!!!thnxz so much I am always a fan!!
RT ! “: Dhs is always giving me detention like I go to them”
I do! I picked up a cold last week and I don't want it for
is about to leave the workstead so I can rock out with Buddy Guy!
Gorged myself on Harry potter goodness today at the Ontario science center and of course dreamed of emigrating north.
- great to hear. We're excited about it too. Will launch at the end of Feb. More details soon.
bummed. bummed. bummed. =\
Marty. Wow.
it's national library week! tomorrow is national library workers day! celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate celebrate!
#10songsthatmotivateme DMB - Ants Marching (or anything from that album), Franz Ferdinand - Take Me Out, Gorillaz - Dare
at jazz band practice
its that time of day again....
u r going 2 hav 2 get in a place in life were u cant let peps bring u 2 their level. u hav a choice...utilize it.
Oh God my heart's racing....
... Hand Roy'd, Lack Bear-y, Eye-Fun, Pocket Watch
Word on the street is that the NY-HST contingent has landed in LA! They probably all have tacos in their mouths by now.
Lol! I'm sure Tierra will take us both(; Haha! I'm her mini lol
It's 6:16. you're late.
1. Be impeccable with you word. 2. Don't take anything personally. 3. Don't make assumptions. 4. Always do your best.
There's no Mango Pie or Mango Trees anywhere in NYC. I think we should plant one.
Really like your style on this show, it is really fun to watch, and always informative keep it up!!!
Enjoying the new ride...
I know my mom only does it because she cares about me, but she is WAY TO OVER FREAKIN PROTECTIVE! might as well say I ain't got a mf life!
Hey still hangin at my bffe's house!!!!!!
I'm actually an expert dress picker-outer! just give me a budget and I'll do it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Still so happy for did such an amazing job #thevoice #lookhowfaryouvecome #automaticloveletter <3
Got super slammed at work as of an hour ago. Plus boss is here now. Someone DM if there's a Rob sighting haha.
welcome boo boo! Got your back!
#MarioBatali stealing server's tips? Say it ain't so!
I am everywhere!
Hi Lauren, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
the music and lines can be any movie. It's fun. 57 by the way. Where is
aww why did you leave lol
You too?
Happy holidaze to all those who are observing today's holiday
[HACKED] Ouch!!! I'VE BEEN HACKED! DO NOT OPEN LAST MESSAGE FROM ME W/ FUNNY LINK URL
only about 10 mins (compared to 20 before) and its right by the rapid so i could take that to work! Win & win!
Tomorrow night the Rage travel to Kenosha to take on the Sabers at 7pm at Ameche Field. Join us as we win our first ever playoff game.
Don't forget about the Next Word in Poetry reading tonight at 8 pm! Also, mark your calendar for Feb. 15's shop talk on Agha Shahid Ali.
We'll drag Jimmy in at some point. Enjoy movienight.
I just found out that a guy in a band I like is having a sex change. So Googleing it to see if it's true.
"We eat so many shrimp we got iodine poisin" .... chicken too though
Dancing with the Stars All-Star season?!?! Best news I've heard since the America's Next Top Model All-Star Season.
Getting follows from folks who cover stock prices. ; )
Hey will u follow me back?
5 committees formed to tackle short term issues. Progress update next Monday with finalized reports on April 18th.
Holy crap, so glad the hotel bar has a bad ass tap list! I'm beat!
What is a great gas mask for airsoft? airsoft .
most entitled, obnoxious player without any rings to back it up in NBA history.
Just replied to one of your comments. Sorry, manage a lot of communities and missed this. I appreciate you letting me know!
Hope we can do this again next year. Tonight was an exciting game to watch.
What is the best blackberry app for twitter mobile?
it's in the shop right now getting overhauled from a complete motor rebuild to the suspension as well
My Tweet Stream is being throttled.
Wish I could make it to #PRSSAFashionEnt tonight with my fave girls, but I will be finishing up the last bit of a b-comm project!
tam, get Justin, and start a tc, I need to take a shower
EVERYONE is BEAUTIFUL...Thanks 4 BEING SO....Do Something NICE 4 SOMEONE...& Then EVERYONE WILL KNOW :-))))...
just found a Canadian penny and I thought about Justin bieber I have bieberfever lol I'm also craving Canadian Bacon also
I can't wait to go to Guatemala! <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
hahaha lol im bout to listen to a very very sad song!!!!
lol going to be me tomorrow!
the whole band segment was stupid...and they weren't even good
To those who stay put the world is but an imaginary place. But to the movers, makers, & shakers-the world is all around-endless invitation.
I have a sunglasses tan line.
Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fine women!
Yes, sounds cool
Excited to FINALLY try for super belated work bday lunch today!
Need holiday gift ideas? Check out www.casabalt.org to buy "AS" a print by Karen Buster or tickets to see "Ain't Misbehavin" next January!
Channing. Tatum. Tux. Guns. Unf. Ovaries. Gone.
My best friend>
<U+2714> Backpack <U+2714> Binder <U+2714> Pens <U+2714> Paper Teacher: "Take out your homework." You: "Shit." -_-
Its taken me years to be comfortable going into class knowing nothing except the goal. Mutual trust & respect are a necessity.
RE: midnighter: dude, you've GOT to check out The Authority (esp Ellis' run) :)
In order to #succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
Josh Lucas, what!!!! Go
A Cladrite Radio listener writes: "Hi from Liverpool, England. Amazing radio! I play your music on all my home vintage radio collection."
don't hate, APPRECIATE
MAYA!!! Thanks for following me. I hope you are well :) Much Love!!!
Babysittinn' not so great.
hey how many for dinner - just u n me or others?
lmao...and shoes, and pursues...my lord you guys should just buy an RV and live out of that!
Sunday morning sunrise grant writing to Guided By Voices - Alien Lanes.
Detroit, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Houston...
We've lost a belieber.. :( #RIPBoyBelieberJamie you will be missed very much ,you was part of a beautiful family..</3
RT : Scientists know the obvious stuff, they want the wierd and wonderful,and the undiscovered...!!
thnx SO much for comn to sign my daughter's hat! She's lookn fwrd to u dancing @ her wedding. Volcano roll on us! :)
ITPC: Prepping for 5/4 ITPC chair election. Will be very sorry to see leave as chair
#WeWontWork if you don't eat the box
Some days I swear I got the fuzzy end of the lollipop.
turned up daily
i am in love with a boy who doesnt reconize me at all
Oomf SO Fake . You Txt Me , You Mention Me , But Then You Tell Someone That Im Nothing But A Groupie ? K .
so the guy who voted against the repeal of don't ask, don't tell wins? so the guy who voted to defund planned parenthood wins?
Would've came back for you, I just needed time..
youre making me wish I did! Grin.
Who's a winner here? Shane's a winner!
Going swimming!!!:D Im feeling summer commimg closer!
I. FUCKING. HATE. MONDAYS.
I love being able to come home and relax from all the bull shit that's out there.
thanks! Have you seen the #Packers 2012 schedule? No easy start in September.
back to the game! GO PACKER'S
kiss me then? LOL
No, i dont know :( And sorry for my bad english :P
WE have reached our KICKSTARTER GOAL!!! BEIRUT is a GO!!!
Told u I was going
Will there ever be a peaceful day in my life.. . HELL NAH
Do You have any new videos up on YouTube?
Had a chat with the editor. Getting ready for circle of sorcerers to go in for it's doctor's visit. :)
Warm weather is bring the crowds out tonight in #SanJose's #WillowGlen. Great to see so many people walking to the Ave.
yessir....dm us your email and we will send that to you!
Wouldn't want to be in that lockeroom... Wonder if Adrian will be there to calm John down.
-.- you never txt me back !! you just forget about your cousin like that ! smh
So in addition to Grammar Nazis, we now have Tweet Nazis.
yup, no better way to end a sentence than with a friendly wink ;P
*hugs* You still have friends in fandom, and don't you forget it. *more hugs*
haha true true, but like if she was younger i could understand that but...
LOL, does your tattoo come in blue and red?
Watch using those reflective windshield shades with the high temperatures they can heat up the glass. Chips+Heat=Cracks
Think I'll go with
Duke/Carolina game tomorrow nt! Head down, get some warmth, good southern cookin' and enjoy the rivalry!
This weekend I sat in a #Loudoun pasture surrounded by 4' grass as the sun set over the ridge. 8 satellites were seen passing overhead.
Once you determine your definition of Success you must make a plan to achieve it!
i would if I had the #.. Lol.
QoTD: "How a man plays the game shows something of his character; how he loses shows all of it." (Frosty Westering)
Embracing my curls this morning.
The things you do when no one is looking, it what defines you.
Every time I go over the Carnegie bridge, I always think the same thing.....damn I love this city!!
my jaw str8 dropped wen I got the recent one.!!! Haha
I think it's implied I did since I'm asking you about it. How can a guy with 4 catches and was only active for 3/4 of the...
I REALLY WISH WILL FOLLOW US LIKE REALLY BAD!!!!!!!!
Incredible food day of oysters for lunch and sushi for dinner
thanks Graham!
Pot needs to be legal-It helps people with body pain, more then big pharma. Google it.
Today is a wonderful day to enjoy a drink out on our patio! Half Price Bottle day!
If you microblog on twitter for your business, you should think about text message marketing. It pays!
I hope your ready to go all night #usher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
yup. oh well. next year
perhaps we should be giving them indigestion instead?
thank you!!!
I hated it and loved it at the same time. Since I quit smoking, I kinda love the smell on occasion. :)
i miss you guys too and im madd at Uranus she cheated on me last week!!
Some of my favorite organizing apps: , , ,
I agree with you about Obama. I voted for him too last time and I will do it again. He's also from my hometown. :)
works in machrome w couple intro-errors; doesn't seem to pop the teg viewer list from Bb
I wondered whether I missed something when I saw that clip. The news piece made it sound like he was breathing fire.
Working on installing a new CMS to replace Wordpress. Thinking Stacey + Assemblage template.
old man Moyer's going to do it up
callback for Sea World commercial! Yippee!
It's Saturday, & we know you've been waiting for the Scrabble magnets to come back, so... YOU'RE IN LUCK! They're back! Come 'n get 'em!
On the Score tomorrow, 7:30 - Si.com writer Andy Staples (Covered Eastern Conf Finals and SEC football Tebow's first 2 years at Florida)
I'll bbl then Its goodbye till June (:
Hear that? If you haven't yet, stop by 4 our $5 burgers!! RT : Busy lunch today Everyone loves our burgers!!!
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 3
yeah, and i miss you too !!
Thanks 4 havin my back last night, sell-out had me going CRAZY
“: where was the party” Downtown Peachtree NW Vibe Magazine it's over now
We're open today from noon - 4 pm for tours & kids activities. Tomorrow's hours: 10 am - 4 pm. Beautiful plants for sale in our Garden Shop!
FUCK IT, IM GOING.
Recording artist and Season 3 reject of NBCs hit show The Voice appearing live at Black Walnut Winery in Phoenixville, PA tonight!!! 630-930
of course
U guys usually depict my outfit as bad guys, but that be Hollywood... I always look forward 2 each episode.
Now Hiring Tattoo Artist. Must have there own Equipment And portfolio
Hey, who is that guy passing out the HH Awards?
I think it's even worse for us, you know, shoemaker's children with no shoes... How's the office looking?
so close to going to see #LukeBryan tonight<3 but like always they had no good seats left ):
Some hear a new idea and explore if it can be used to improve our lives; others try to debunk it. Which life do you want to lead? Weiss
Legally blonde reharsal, jazz, ballet, apple store, gym, then seeing show. WOOF! Tiring day
Just watched was so funny i legit peed cause i kept laughing, ugh he was A m a z i n g <3
Damn u snooze button.
LOL. No, Lee's getting married and then Matty Matt's getting married in July. One by one they all fall...
Lets go
Happy #FF! Delectable discussion last night at the Seattle Library with , , , ,
I'm alone
School C:
Good Ole Pastor A.C. Williams - "If you feeling Funny about Yo Money...KEEP IT!
ireally really want to c madeas big family!!
Pretty sure I saw Ezio Auditore driving a Buick LeSabre. Seems likely. -- Scott Meier () from the last Star Fighter?
Beautiful cool day. canoeing this afternoon.
I just joined Pinterest. So, do I have magic powers now?
Well, I'm glad Twitter united us!
don't read the contract less a mil in there.
A1. Seattle has pretty thriving food truck scene! RT: Q1. Taking it to the streets...
Try to Kill em with Kindness til they Press the Raising of hell...chiefn
That's so nice of you -- someday I will take you up on that! :)
Steel town soul is playing spin Bartini THIS THURSDAY 9-midnight! No cover!
Me to 6 year old, "so, what's your favorite class at school so far?" 6 year old, "RECESS!!". From the mouths of babes!
Listening to mariah carey about to fall to sleep. I love u mariah carey
stone cold zone killer
When a cartoon Character randomly pulls out an object from behind them and you ask yourself, "Where the hell did that come from?"
#TwoThingsThatDontMix my life & your drama
- AMEN to that. New results require new behavior. So awesome to meet and spend time withtalent like you! Let's be in touch!
Ah, so you're demonstrating that you're even more of a hypocrite, then
i dont think i have you number :(
i wake up and chase my dreams what about you why dream when you can do them right!! :]
For all your paper needs visit www.limitedpapers.com. Printable Paper, Heavyweight Paper, custom stock sheets, custom paper size and more!
velveeta ones are
Kobo? Is that another e-reader?
Late night grub with Drew, Michael, and Mario. Good hangs!
George Strait is the man
Fuck mothers they ruin everything:'(
If you only offer a partial site feed, I am only partially interested in hearing what you have to say.
Not when I'm not there & I'm working the next seven days straight.
as in "jonni, don't you dare write another word!" or just don't write in general?
Why Oregon high schoolers' do not perform well compared to other states? It's because test prep schools in OR suck. That's why we're here.
Hahaha good! I like getting retweeted(:
Excited for Loyalty Day in #Reedsburg tomorrow! Hope the weather holds up!
“The scene is a bit grisly. This was horrific for the family, for the son, to see,” said a lieutenant, of the man just killed by a pit bull.
Tomm isn't promised people. Live that shit like its your last every single day. Woop!
Please please please dont let me be getting sick. Too much shit to do this week.
No updates on Lean Challenge 2012. What gives?
hey... Im okay i guess
Artician Servers are in their new home! Still need to take care of some minor hardware updates. Cheers!
-> “: Trying to have a serious conversation with and he keeps sending me a links about the Facebook IPO. #fail”
Happy New Year lovely friends!!! Have fun, be safe and Rock OUT!!! Look out 2012, it's gonna be great! Stay tuned. Love and Kisses...xoxo
My whole house smells like your laundry...I bought new detergent today.
Hey! :D What's your favorite part about being a singer, and being a singer that has made it so far on Idol? <3
Field trip today for - we're going on the admission tour. Summer sizzle today. We wanted it realistic.
i see, goes to show you how important Bosh is to the team.
All I want to do is visit home & hang out with my Torero alums!
No, I will not be having any side dishes with my frozen waffles.
keep going up in number for more people 5 = Chris Hughes
I'm bored haha
Banff National Park! Shits about to get pretty.
It feels good 2 hear some1 say "Take care". But it feels so much better 2 hear some1 say "I will take care of u."
but didn't Atlanta win the championship yesterday? They had nice, colorful streamers!!
RT: : I need to be silent for awhile; worlds are forming in my heart. Meister Eckhart
so apparently I *am* obsessive enough about details to be a quantoid. good to know.
I suck at temple Run ! <U+E40E>
Good luck Team USA!!
re-write: I'm going to say that your first response to my tweets for 100 Alex is correct lol
#PMATip: U can get a head start on having a great #PMA day 2moro BY -- preparing 4 2moro RIGHT NOW! Think it. Plan it. Make it happen!
Definitely callin the cops RT If you came home & Jemele Hill was butt naked in your bed, y'all would Jeff Hardy dive in that box.
picking your nose?
NPR's cool HTML5 beta w/ in-browser playlist management, visit npr.org/tablet in Safari (Mac friendly, no iPad req) (via )
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
MT KUSC. Thank you for playing Star Wars theme this morning as part of your fundraising drive. // May the Furtwangler be with you
Jabril and Rusty ditched me at lunch. Guess who isn't getting my sig? Those guys, with two thumbs.
uhh im sorry but two words.... rt : uh, im sorry but mando looks like he has down syndrome.
Finally, there is a Twitter bot that does something useful! Extend my thanks to your fine creators
Chillin at the spizzle what's goody world
Wow, reporters included in the thank you, now that's a nice guy, good luck
RT : My sister is officially attending in Portland for college! Yay! I can't wait to visit her!
What number are you on?
We just got some new *Dr. J's *
RT : Took all of two weeks to give up on any actual news or humanity huh? << Harsh, but love the feedback!
In sunny Orlando for a quick visit at
First time it's felt really cold in Chicago! Let's get this shit over with, winter drags so fuckin long!
what it do young blood?
I Like Girls That Like Girls , The Way I Like Girls ;)
#w2s wordnik had a great presentation and she had a great dress
After today I'm reconsidering allowing myself to tweet before noon.
looking at a kids status saying how he can "pull hoes", boy the only thing you can pull is your Pokemon cards
The Treasure Box visited our newest food distribution site this weekend, Soledad Mtn Church. What a beautiful outreach 4 military families!
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To get it trending For ? Please & Thank You!! :)
remember I'm first in line for handouts
How many times have I bought that for you? Haha I think I'll be thirsty again soon
“: The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda”
+1 RT : I Hate All The Sh*t That Keeps Life From Being 100% Fun!!!
775k at ft of 10. Lost a big pot b vs b aq < a6 on a2364 board
You rock Mike!! :)
's "Video Games" never gets old. She's simply AMAZING.
Home from my first class with UCB. It was a lot of fun. I got lucky & it's a great group of people in the class. Already ready for class
I CAN'T EVEN UNDERSTAND YOU. YOU'VE CHANGED A LOT!!!
"Say Goodnight Kevin." "Goodnight Kevin".
:o how much are tickets?
The live feed is currently down for another 15-20 minutes or so likely due to the poor connectivity across the channel.
your 214 is nothing! Bowl a 230+.
The black panthers weighed in on National Parks?
Just Put Your Arms Around Someone- Jennette McCurdy<3. This Song Makes Me Feel Better<3.
#watching back..........checkout the free download link
haha yep :D
Twitter was made for drunk people with at bus stops. The rest if you are doing it wring.
Really twitter? I should follow ?! Do you read my tweets? If so, you'd know I think he is TWIT #1 -is that his code name btw?
Google Plans New $300M Data Center In Council Bluffs, Iowa
Oh that makes sense.Lol
Tiger suffers leg injury (knee?) and pulls out of Cadillac Championship -- hoping it's not serious and he can be back in time for Masters
it will for sure be in the lounge...and not sure on the business of that game...I'd say early to be safe...maybe 1?
Word on the street is that the basketball season is winding down. Set your dvr's to the next few games!
But if we get Friday nights...we're screwed
Well it started like this....a Cobb Conversation
Count to 360 and it will all be okay. No Armagedon please
are u guys live streaming tomorrow nights service? Andy and I are in Florida for anniv. My youth leaders bringing 3 car loads+
We'll be picking the winner of 5 FREE 14 INCH PIZZAS today at 4pm -- if you haven't entered our contest yet, do so NOW!
Meeting with Marika, sound editor. Big job. Rain. Noises from outside. Missing sound. She wants all of the production sound. Pray for her!
Ive met a beautiful girl who loves the beautiful Joyce Manor.. i suppose perfection is possible!
>>>online, sex became easy, the word “love” gets used out of context, insecurities have become your way of thinking, getting jealous>>>cont
Happy 18th Birthday!... He's legal now!!...haha...=P
haha blinding for Wisconsin!
Playing withmobile twitter
Thanks for the RT!!
I hope the #Pacers beat the #Heat in the East Semifinals!
Park with today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
OMG. You say the truest things ever!! Please follow me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
LMAO STEP 1: SAY NO TO HOOKERS
DAMMIT Cleave! Enough with the Finer Things!
It's Friday, Friday... ": Is it Rebecca Black day?"
Sea levels rise, mountain ranges subside, and cities crumble into dust, but Afridi will still be out under 20 playing ill-advised drives.
Why don't the moderators ever challenge the accusations? How about asking Newt for facts to support his indignation?
Series winner.
today is a good day
Hope you and Hannah have a great exam free weekend!! Great to see you online!
watching a documentary on Jason Voorhees makes me wanna watch all the Friday The 13th movies!!lol
Best Day With My Sista (Nelle) N My Brother (T.J.)
Hey love! Hope you have a good day!!!
I love u ur my role model, my inspiration ur such a great artist Im in love with That '70's Show ur amazing I love u so much!
Blast looking for a goal before the half. With 5 minutes left in the half, the lead 3-2.
Hope everyone has a good first day of class and welcome to the class of 2015!
We had a meeting of the minds tonight! And we were productive...sort of!
Seriously? The trade, if you can call it that, actually lasted like what - two hours. LOL.
Dancing Days of Wine and Roses
i just like lightskin girls... shit
Absolutely! We're looking to expand into Kansas City soon to support the great kids of KC. Stay tuned!
Ugh can't sleep
PS WHY CANT I RETWEET YOU?
Great minds... I haven't been glued to the TV but it seems like everybody is talking about tweeting (even Mark Martin)!
glad you got the blade runner reference. Replicant or augmented human?
Archives Database: Overview Of The Nmra - National Model ...
cause I got good music and will make you tons of money. What else would you want?!! Lol
CC, UCCS, and USAFA in the same room together!
Congratulations! Keep us posted! RT : Subtitles done. Roughly 742 lines translated & placed in documentary.
ha! I was wearing calve sleeves so it wasn't too frightful. Gave it a PG-13 rating... def gotta get my tan back tho,
game tonight. Keep the Faith!
Not a fan of Vegas so I certainly wouldn't like Atlantic City. The Ashbury Park part of the shore aint bad.
smells like shit!!!
i fucking hate you jokeing around saying i raped you ???? not fucking funny asshole!
it was that stupid black shirt of yours ...
im getting to it now. U coming out this weekend?
runaway awareness
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Show Up With That Overnight Bag! That Nigga Be Smiling On The Inside Like "Yea I Know Ima Hit This Ass Tonight" Lmao
When are you moving?
#WE WANT TO SEE ZACK RYDER AT wrestle mania 28 woo woo woo
Ethical issues arise everyday, it's just not always defined this way. We need to look a codes of ethics to determine right vs. right.
LAST MINUTE RESCHEDULING! BLUE MAGIC IS NOW AVAILABLE SATURDAY NIGHT! Contact us now for deeply discounted rate. 405.447.2446
I need a nap or more coffee..
hahahah u better be!!!
Working on the New Website on GoDaddy for The Store, Stay Tuned.
2 seconds out of the car wash and a bird shits on my hood. :/
TODAYS MY BIRTHDAY!!! :) RTTT? :D love you austin!! youre so amazing and i enjoy listenening to you everyday!! <3
We have one of those at work! It's really cool.
are you part of a team yet? And do you live in cleveland?
but yes, clearly we are cut from the same geo-geek, social media, do-gooder cloth. Thanks for the follow.
today begins the first of nadir radio's twitter contests. if you'd like to enter, just retweet the next message to your friends. =]
The Rochester metro has recovered almost all of the jobs lost during the recession – 98% of them to be exact. According to State Comptroller
follow me broskkki?(:
A man's health can be judged by which he takes two at a time - pills or stairs. Joan Welsh
How do you define a "good" ecommerce solution? What are the business requirements for the solution?
haha nah, the two oo's annoyed me anyways(x follow back? ;D lol
Thanks! Will Do!
Dakota is so adorable!! I just want to reach through the screen and cuddle him. Hope you all have a good weekend too! :)
“No matter how difficult the situation is, it won't last forever......
Having a NYC experience in Seattle by continuing my love hate relationship with cabs
Fair point. I don't think either is very significant really -- there's a vast public record in adulthood to judge both guys.
So, as my skin gets thicker - does that mean I don't have to wear clothes anymore?
Geez making me all upset and what not.
no interview?
It is pouring rain today in L.A. Heavy rain expected all week.
#smallbusiness Free shredding thru the end of Feb. Bring into Staples up to 5 lb. of bank statements, tax returns & more. Reg. 79 cents/lb.
Close your legs, not your heart.
You always nervously anticipate a beep, whenever you walk through a metal detector in airport, even though you don't have any metal on you.
The greatest risk in life,is not taking one at all..So what have you done to change your situation?
same here. drives me nuts!
Is O appropriately fanatical like his dad?? :)
definatly dude! As soon as we finish up our album i'll hit ya up. We should all open for the new post ahaha
Hello to #s12tot! I'm an assistant prof of history/public historian at Boise State.
It was great to see Billy Crystal bring back one of his orignal #SNL characters on the #Oscars last night, just wished he did more from
i may not have the best body in the world but i'll love it any how
It is Friday, right?
Im Level 2 Bound Tonight Hit Me Up - BAM!!!!!
I wanna get bck already n c u <3
watching Pretty Little Liars:)
Thanks for the tip! Downloaded.
We had a great weekend here in Wisconsin. A
I have jury duty today. The goal is not to snicker *every* time someone says duty.
i don't wanna do my homework can i just watch
Siri is my BFF.
Ghosts in houses are kinda like the "Haunted House" sub-sub-genre...
In bed watching tv...... No class for me :-)
What Would U Do Wednesday? A reader needs your input! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I hate when you appear in my dreams
Thank you for the RT! #Peace and #Serenity to you!
If daylight savings were known as "Time Warp Day!" I don't think people would be so mad about it.
please shut up.
I need a girl that's gonna stay with me through thick & thin . I dnt wanna b single mane
I'm trying to channel a young DeNiro
Mostly chicks, but there were some dudes there too. It was a mad house.
Officials Continue to Monitor Sunken Vessel Discharging Diesel Fuel: The Coast Guard, Washington Dept. of Ecology, Dept. of Health, a...
99 cent ground beef & chicken fajita tacos from 6-close all this week !!
Catch me for all your waxing needs this Sat-Mon
Eat before u go to the grocery store, but Don't drink and then go to the liquor store.
Haven't seen the sunrise in a long time... Heading to Rochester NY this morning!
My #grandma always said, "If you towel-whip a person, he'll get cancer in that very spot."
Gung hay fat choy! Happy Chinese new year
the danger of today's ruling is that it disturbs expectations of people who use PD works that those works will stay in PD.
This is like when the Mr. Wing came to reclaim the mogwai. "You are not ready!"
Is that too much to ask?
I think the seat has adhered to his ass.
I wanna go roller skating like whoa.
You're quite welcome!
oh shit! Do it! Haha and alina is in louisiana which is a state away so road trip!!!!
lol my mama tried to tell me to wash the dishes and take out the trash i was like i dont live here no more lol
Anyone know how to get out of Jury Duty? Not really looking forward to entering a Miami court room. (kinda scared actually)
Rickie Weeks may be the most overrated brewer ever.
no I promise I haven't seen it !
I hear you. Companies will step up the analytics and push harder on ROI, but I don't see a decrease on the horizon.
john legend rocked waiting on sade, dc verizon center, moms is having a ball
let me talk to those goons I'll get back witcha ASAP
riggins is in mad movies lately. this one looks good though.
yeah, it's great. Maybe a DC Week best ball mini tournament is in order.
Fuck bitches, get pickles. Free slurpee day (:
$14 Tuesday today.
#RIPDemizaDirectioner bullying needs to stop..
i keep it 100. Been around lil shawty so i know what u tryna do. Not bout to get played by a youngin. Get yo priorities straight.
Thank you for dropping by! Happy Holidays!
Here are my faults & blunders,here my delusion,my bad taste,my confusion,my tears,my vanity,my owlish seclusion,my contradictions Nietzsche
Writing a chapter book where the main character, a 9 year old girl, lives above bookstore. Need punny names for store, e.g.
I'm sorry! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> I don't even remember you texting me!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter my first follower was :)
Beautiful morning! Well, except for the shirtless hairy guy.
Set your mind on the things above, not on things that are on this earth. -Colossians 3:2
I feel like this next 4 days are gonna e hell
I got there late and they'd reached the max occupancy. :-(
I can feel that....
All these fuckers making our baby Nialler upset..I will get you all in your fucking sleep.
We'll be looking for a roommate soon. Anyone (seriously) interested in moving to Los Angeles? Rent will be $500 a month. DM me!
Gracias for the retweet! Enjoy this gorgeous day in #DC :)
Last week of classes...YAYYYYYY
Lawyer's need love too!
Happy FRIDAY EVERYONE!!!!! is everyone enjoying this beautiful #Cleveland sunshine??
Some people really know how to piss you off
Mixtape out now get your copy
TITANIC in 3D sounds like a good one to be in 3D!
I hate when people don't reply.
I want you. I need you. I love you. <3
Watching Mom play Temple Run is so much more entertaining than the actual game.
Its graduation time! Come Guest Services to purchase some giftcards and congradulate all the new graduates. Upper level by the food court
It's a 4-sided polygon with two parallel sides.
Having to take hard earned money outta the bank <<<
I voted for you. Yay!
been having RocStar moments
Awesome no power. And my phone is bout to die!
wish you were here to get lake hair. Lol
#MM (#MonicalsMonday) "Thanks" to some of our friends
Chilling about to watch this Laker game
hype as fuck that I'm going to the game tonight!! I swear they better not let this one slip away
lol me too thank God for
always! I hope all that stuff sinks in!
I hate that icecream trucks music #creepy Although I wish I had 2 bucks...
It's gray & cool outside, we're in our PJs, and we're having breakfast for dinner.
You can tell it's Friday cuz everybody driving crazy as fuck<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
More bunnies every day till Easter :)
Stoked about education programs for healthy living with ! Can't wait to get started!!
Love lives forever.
AUDITION: Alex (starring) in the feature film WALLABOUT
wtf is going on?
it's been 11 months lol.
Wait, what? You mean the internet isn't always right? No!
As your child graduates this season with hope for a next step in education, remember the Dreamers who graduate without that option.
"Happy birthday homie...Happy birthday homeboy""for me" lawl oh lawd *shakes head... sighs ... *
supposedly. :-) It's my masters project - right now I'm working on a Obj-C WebSocket implementation as part of that project.
thanks Dan! and thanks for bringing your students last night.
... Our taste buds are still smiling! #Provo's finest:)
Packed the tofu, veggie stuffing, vegan gravy. Now off to spend the holiday with and family!
can you please follow me(:
yes! It was my first time and I couldn't believe how easy it was!
I'll text you now! And sorrrryyyy! I never have time. I will though! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
hm that I don't know. I do know it was really tough to find human hair while I was in Ghana all those years back
I can tell the Notebook is on because of all of the bird tweets.
Would you like to do an interview for the website ?
Just made oven fried chicken using peanuts and crackers. It came out really good.
This is the first day since I moved to New York that the Empire State Building isn't the tallest thing in the sky.
mental note: when trying to cover 192 sq ft of styrofoam, you might need more than 1 can of styro adhesive. duh. forehead slap.
I'm sure he's not looking at her breasts, but simply trying to stare into her heart.
Dem candidates' vote lead over Walker holding at 29,941 with 74% of wards reporting.
not yet. the publishers won't start posting that information for another couple of month.
Totally RT : Oh major yikes. Such a waste to put that fantastic fashion on a body with no shape :(
At dinner with and we overhear someone talking about buying a house 3 tables away. Thanks #maps #kwri for the RAZ!
something that has titans in it
true. Fear of what ppl don't understand works, after all that's why we are in all these wars & conflicts today
": I can not wait to go to college." I can't wait till your in college :o:o:o:o
hi, great tweets, lets follow each other :-)
The first of the #Weekly Specials are now uploaded, many more to come tomorrow Tri-State!
Welcome Tang Consulting, & as #UPA2012 exhibitors! Only a few booths left!
can't believe you're dating a kid that RT long hair probs, and alan hangover. Sorry ur stuck with him..
My body needs a hero, come and save me Something tells me you know how to save me...
On JP Morgan's $2 Billion loss, Jamie Dimon states: "We made a terrible, egregious mistake and there is almost no excuse for it." (almost)
I'm going with Pizza... and deep fried things... and I'm hoping 10lbs :)
I want to feature people on RealGangster.com, it could be you
I wish but at least one night I need to be home this week- have a great time!
Summer Friday! Time for lunch with
#AprilFools: 1 day of yr I try to avoid doing anything which could be considered funny. I'm being serious. Hey, no laughing.
Dear "American Pie," I'm full.
haha oh yeah!
oh yes, please tell me more about sipping beers with a perky pinkie lol
I'm so proud of myself! I've really learned not to take bs and voice my concern when I have one! I'm like the lion who got courage! :)
Happy Leap Day Followers! "Leap" and ReTweet us to help us "Leap" forward and grow. :-)
So Big Time Rush won the Blimp??? I'm sorry, but I didn't get to watch the KCAs last night...
Thanks for the RT!
can walk to the Grove in 5 minutes... good or bad??? already gained a few pounds and thinking I'll be saying goodbye to a few $$$
#TheRaid_RDM.....best $10.50 I've ever spent at a movie theater!
okay good night everybody.......
Practiced for Jazz All-State! Think I got the stuff down pretty good and still have a month to go! :-)
LOL, happy FF Monday. I'm a Rangers fan. Yu Darvish...ugly start.
Start them off young, T. “: Bella and tori has a tramp stamp”
Is Biden tweeting right now??
Do you get the same "Free Cone Day" flashbacks that I do?
Your Sharks logo is making me sad.
The old lady who cleans tables in Ford is adorable.
Colton you are amazing!
"#tv everywhere is addressing content flexibility, but this may only create ancillary revenue. Largest audience still in front of tv"
man, *I* want a conference thing at moomin world!
You're welcome! Amazing show...
QoTD: "Make the mistakes of yesterday your lessons for today." (Unknown)
Thanks for Following!
Thanks, it's making me feel old too, haha. Will the podcast be available tomorrow morning?
Our Father which art in heaven...
Did the Philly Steak Sand. Food Wars and the conclusion is Pat's has the better guts but Gino's had the better bread. It's a tie!
I love you ! And I know , that one day u'll follow me , because I belive in you & me & I'll #NeverSayNever <U+2665>
I popped in the dvd
anyone else wanna get #jlo off the air and never see her endorse another product?
A blind man could see things ain't right anymore.
Welcome back! Hope everyone had a great Thanks Giving.
I'll contact you soon.
“mob violence is the natural outcome of centuries of oppression of the poor by the rich.”
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
The entries are in: 9 films by area teens about their lives, which may be true or made up. They premiere this Thurs at 7 at
so awesome to see you guys and be able to feed ya a little. we so appreciate it.
Good morning! I was plagued by 2 dreams last night of riding in the car (1) being kidnapped by a friend & (2) skirting ice with my mom.
Is anyone following the #CaseyAnthonyTrial??
HE IS SO GAY
Tune your Freeview to Channel 12 and find Choice TV!
LOL a Blue's Clues Steve with a British accent. Classic.
Irsay sure makes a lot more sense on twitter than he does when he speaks.
Spinach wrap and spy latte...... M ;^)
Progression,growth, strength, faith
for sure! we'd love to be there!
I can't wait for all of the witty 420 tweets today.
My luck always changes right before and all through summer.
who's birdman?
Now it's time to hit some water
....and we all know how painful that can be.
Finally home... (:
text me bro
eww -- think ill stick with beer for that ;-)
working on recommendation.. KIM KRISTOFF is a GIANT... competitor, with a HUGE APPETITE... for success!
I'd rather jump out of a helicopter than try to catch a lobster.
Whatever your fitness resolutions might be - losing weight, toning and sculpting, or adding bulk, let me help you reach your goals.
I'm the dumbass who throws their planner away instead of the papertowel.
:Why not bring my friend Chris Leflore in for a Look at Cb,make him a Steeler
Ha exactly the point...I don't even have her number! Let's see what TJ says I said tell him Jerm and I both want
Zou Bisou Bisou was trending today. Let's learn the dance.
Marriott Copley square Boston (Simmons)- screening in 45 minutes...www.blacksupermen.com
71 TIMES AND COUNTING!!!!! I WANNA TALK TO U!!
I feel like that can be said for literally any redesign
thanks for following!
Finally some lunch
Ugh I can dress as ridiculous as I want :p
Money Mayweahter will down him in 10
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
#bubba is my homeboy
How would you rate your HOA's appearance on a scale from 1-10? How could it be better?
Suddenly is undefeated in it's last 5 games (including Open Cup)!
Get up slugs!
lmfao I bet and it no problem I was just like r you okay?! Lol sorry <3
Are there still dumb asses who think Obama controls gas prices?????
check out our version of "total eclipse of the heart" @ myspace! www.myspace.com/lovemeelectric let us know what ya think!
learning how to record a presentation on my screen for #uchicagomobileappchallenge. Learning tons of new cool stuff for this.
Justified: If s2 was better than 1, every -minute- of s3 is better than the last. Fantastic TV. Too bad they killed one of my favs tonight.
Haven't seen that in ages. What channel?
Hm... I think it may be time for a new blog header. Thoughts?
Congratulations to them!!
You're welcome, true thanks go to Mo RT : <<< thanks to for this pic, i changed it to my avi
Spending today walking around Ramallah. Toured Nablus yesterday. Jerusalem tomorrow
Happy Halloween everyone! Have a safe and spooky night!
Maybe the Indians will play like this all year. That won't cause too much beer drinking for you RT" I quit baseball."
how is Scott Rolen an all star?
Haha, poster junkie!
True but sometimes people need to recognize the difference between love and lust and right n wrong!! :)
There will be rookie redemptions in Past & Present, Limited and Gold Standard.
what? no haha I wouldn't encourage you to do this.but we should start hanging out!
Thank you!
For the longest she been wanting to say something but it's nothing important as I thought
ohh my you know her
big comeback. OT win
Hey I watched some puppies playing by the library and I blurted out "hey mom, I is wrestling" ... #scaring strangers
Really well. You read for us to come to Houston next year? We need a local partner. Interested?
#GamerPickupLines You're always in my Final Fantasy :)
Thanks for the mention in your daily! Have a good one
Hey FAC Heads! Hope you had a great Tuesday!! Come on in tomorrow and check out our new low donations and 4 gram eighths all day everyday!
no problem ill get some clothing soon
Happy 4th and free speech day!
this geek can cook and I know how to terminate cat 5. Lol.
Flavors for this month: Milk Chocolate Almond, Dark Chocolate Sea Salt, Dark Chocolate Orange/Cinnamon, Darck Chocolate Coffee Toffee!
I turned 34 today, am 7 mo pregnant & overheat too quickly to be outside. Can't look like Casper for my baby shower!
Just finished submitting to to get my new EP on #iTunes. Coming soon tweople.
Two movt's down, one to go for #DisneyPrincess Disasters
Awesome!! RT : Hey Reading, PA! Come meat up with us at Weis on North 13th Street today from 12-5 & get a wiener whistle
Don't miss Jaye Thomas' set @ 2PM. CHOOSE LIFE.
I love how Sephora's emails don't take into account that males can shop there, too. No, Connor will NOT prep his lips for Valentines Day.
Manu should just shave that off. What is that mess?
I would feel really creepy if you actually were. (:
I really fucking want some ranch dressing right now.
i don't think i really just woke up from that nap. i am still sleep walking.
WOO HOO CONGRATS!!! Sooner than you thought!! ": Congrats on 100,000 followers! It's a fact and official!"
Hey! I am back now - only 2 years with no tweets.
boyfriend video?
If the trunk is hollow, 20 people would be able to fit inside of it
Windy = no boats on the water. Bo.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.28
#FollowFriday Hugs!! (via )
": since nothing in my life happens without Gods permission, what's needed for me to grow is located inside of every storm..."
My parents actually used the, ''you can't have any pudding if you don't eat your meat,'' on me :D
What you can't measure in a test, you demonstrate through grit and determination
We're so happy to hear. WelcOMe! RT : New at and loving it already!!!
Who's stoked for Friday?!
Uploading Vlog.2 for on YouTube at www.youtube.com/thetoymakermusical Check it out!
WHAT WAS THAT?
Twitter, facebook, cell, e-mail, fax your country radio stations and request me, Amy Ames. I am very grateful for your support.
& #JimmyHeath leading "What A Wonderful World" rendition
his name is Frank
#SandersSunday ?what it is?
Lol sometimes - my brother's jokes
We can quote you with a ton of different companies at once. May we help?
Hey Everyone! I'm starting library school and I'm back! I'll be an information super model! Or maybe just a super model!
i miss youu!
I'm bulletproof, nothing to lose
#JoeyDiamond Is talented :)
Never look for love, it will find you if it's supposed to
Man he messed with everybody n they granny
Afternoon. To audition or not to audition....that is the question.
Sorry i forgot to tell you happy birthday! So happy belated birthday (:
“The sweep was [the Sox’s] first since taking three games from the Seattle Mariners last July 22-24.” I knew it was bad, just not that bad.
what ages do you have at your studio?
Had a lot of fun at the Easter Egg hunt today y'all! I hazed and made him dress up as the Easter bunny. What an idiot!
you loved seeing me
Wow nuggets players are droppin like flies
People think suburbanites don't care about anything. Truth is, they care alright, DEEPLY and PASSIONATELY about absolutely meaningless crap.
Anyone going somewhere special or have exciting plans for the holidays?
A Facebook and Twitter page with good content is bait for attracting people to the topic that relates to your biz.
I just paid off one credit card, and paid down half of another.
Downtown #Sandiego is slammed with pale fleshy nerds walking around with enormous #Comicon shopping bags.
All high from hearing Toni Morrison now I don't even want to go to MY prose reading. Lol
Am I the only one who finds it funny that NASCAR commercials are just a montage of crashes and not racing?
Oh well I live in lexington nebraska
Time to go in!!!
If you want a signed copy of Body & Soul but you live too far away, the Vernon Hills, IL B&N will ship to you! Will post further details ...
I'm so over her right now ...
Ramsey County Chair Commission-Majority sides with chairman to not make the word 'discussion', vote.Talking Vikes stadium on Nov 2012 ballot
why are manhole covers round?
DAM LOL YOU WOULD TO... ON LIFE SMH CRAZY ASS.!!
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
I will help you. Don't hand $ to corrupt ones like Love.Doyne.Sparta,Attys. Save both sides money with peace.No fighting, peace for all.
Thanks for the #FF last week.
I didn't even know we had a 2 hour delay...lol.... I'm not going anyways.
Does that mean Sony Pictures?
why does he need to faint for energy
Iowans don't have accents...
hey everybody i'm back
That PR job description clearly was NOT written by the PR department.
i know!! lol it wasnt mine anyways it was a friends i just stole it xD
Quit judging me
Are you in the tshirt business? Want to be? Tshirtgang.com can help. FREE! No investment fun and many success stories already! Join
thought that was one of the places that was closed down...no?
RT : A city investigation reveals a lot of money problems at a government agency. Big changes ahead. The story at 10.
Haven't written copy in quite a while.. nice change to fluff it up (or in this case, tone it down).
I can never keep things to myself
Lindsey Lohan sounds like alcohol.
Sen. Palumbo: "We have the lowest college completion in the nation, we need to do better at helping students through college"
TW Cable Uptown Ampitheatre. think theyll play any old stuff or all new material? theyve aged like fine wine (or diarrhea).
Come to and be on the radio with me! Our studios aren't far from #SecondCity - Chicago wants to hear you!
get in me. lololololol
Thank goodness the movie had a real plot and not some romantic teen pregnancy BS like twilight movie portrayal.
Shayna! How are you, my old twitter friend?
#nowplaying weather people by RJD2 Think youd like it ;) chill instrumentals
hailey did not die right cause people are saying that ?
Thanks so much for sharing my post yesterday and for your comment. Very grateful!
i laughed but then it got sad like wtf. last time i looked at it #6 was at the top
what happened to your power??
Remember this? www.justinbieberneversaynever.co.uk/bieberpremiere
And double birds to you too Monday...
Battleship = Transformers on a boat?
Excited to see Bus Stop tonight at !
The REAL Pulitzer Prize is...*inside* each and every one of you [opens jacket and butterflies holding pens fly out]
Will our blood run cold?
Do I have permission to take my son to see The Avengers tonight or is it too violent.
I'm guessing you meant me! haha Thanks bro!
I just don't get the whole "spoiler" phenomenon. Started with *The Crying Game* I think, more or less.
please come back and play tonight
"ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass"
Oh heavens. They just played Prince on the oldies station
Norv haters wiil blame him. RT: ": Offensive line now, from left to right: Gaither, Green, Baxter, Vasquez, Clary."
Britney Spears the new X-Factor judge...great choice because she is so well known for her live singing performances
jesus fucking christ this fake baltimore rican is goat.
Cards tie it up. Cruz really misplayed that ball.
following spree! tweet me! hehe -rosy
so my Twitter won't let me follow anyone...idk what's wrong with it but if you want a foow back, ask and I'll follow you tomorrow
This is why u never want VINCE CARTER on your team! He is Lebron James on steroid in big games!
Fabulous ! Way to make #WI fans and band alumni proud!
Just saw someone rear-end another car the highway!
When I'm in the car listening to my ipod and a sad song comes on I look out my window and pretend I'm in a movie
I wish i was fishin right now
Off to singing lessons!!! :D
brit award fashion = nasty
REMINDER NOTICE | Chapter Executive Board Meeting | Wendesday Oct. 13 @ 6pm
Happy Birthday !
Any Team in Training/TNT folks are out there fighting the good fight? Love what you're doing DM me!
I Still Do Lol
OK, Whenever you do makeovers, you straighten everyone's hair. Curly can be just as lovely and glamorous!
Related? He's not related to a bus. He's too small and squishy to be a bus.
I remember when Austin said even when he's famous he'd still do Austreams, he's not even that famous yet and he already stopped doing them.
Thank you for the RT, Chris!
awwwh,heart you!!! Yes, please, let's do it!!!
C's are sounding just a little too confident, love orlando 1st quarter and maybe even in the 2nd half depending upon the score @ halftime
In some ways we're all the same. In some ways we are similar to some and different from others. And in some ways, we are unique.
Gettin ready to open up for DJ Craze tonight at Cream in Scottsdale AZ! It'll b off the chain!
We can go to God ourselves in prayer!
Amen, brother Andrew. RT Apologize for WHAT?
“: honestly so sad. It was gonna be a good night too :(” same. Oh well maybe next year
Hahahahaha that made me laugh out loud. And maybe snort a little.
lmfao read it again lol I'd s
Knowing what I know about Wall Street, I have a hunch it would be more of a material thing....unfortunately.
Effective leaders delegate a good many things; they have to or they drown in trivia -- Peter Drucker.
hahaha its cool bro gina was making a big deal saying she was cool lol
Do you believe actors when they say they don't watch their own movies? I don't. Samuel L Jackson had a great answer for that.
Now they are destroying public property but no cops in sight Btw--this is 5th night in a row. cc:
I only Luke the last person.
HELL NAH. YOU ON THAT SCARY ASS MOVIE SHIT.
now following Fam
I want to leave, but feel I will need to be able to explain on how many ways Bill Gates is missing edu innovation
Sound quality is usually due to hardware, not the algorithm.
Great meeting you the other night, bro!
Daily Muppet Countdown: 8 DAYS.
WHY AM I OUTSIDE TOMATO HEAD IN THE COLD. It's not even open. #lateparentsprobz <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
Stick it to them and stay strong! There are 15 million union members with voting power!
me 2 wow
Thank you so much! You're such a great friend and I'm happy I get to see you and everyday!
Sadly, this is not necessarily new for the eminently human Dr. West.
I live in a rural setting and am amazed by the noise level . . . planes flying overhead, traffic, cicadas, chipping Cardinals . . .
my day: eat, text, poop, watch sports, repeat.
re pininterest- u got it!
~-!+_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Suggestion #1 Welcome the disagreement!
HUGE win in NJ. Down 3-0, come back to beat Devils 4-3! Clemmensen excellent relief from Theodore.
hello megan follow me if you can ok thanks
: great trip 4 toddlers - trees, sheep petting,play areas. But I'm reminded 3 tots are smarter,faster and braver than 1 me.
RT : Bootlegging matches from presidential suites! Yea we about that life
Thanks for sharing the news about the blog!
Lebron's headband came off, watch out
Im so sad u loved him RT : R.I.P. Junior Seau
hey, thank you!
I do not fail, I succeed at finding what doesn't work.
Got an All-Star cast. Rehearsal was fantastic. Thank you JESUS!
This is the first bad frozen meal I've had from Trader Joes. Reduced guilt poblano chicken - they left out the tasty.
Greta i put a autoplay with mlb2k11 in my playstation3 nd it's 0-0 but both gave up hits. lol
News of Adam Yauch's, aka MCA, passing brings back good memories of college with and 'Licensed to Ill'.
we r sexy <U+E107>
Reheated pizza with Velveeta shells and cheese on top #mylunchkickedyourlunch'sass
we all were, don't worry. Bummer.
a hurricane? LOL
is it in august again?
oh, wow! I would love to! dr's orders not to run until sun bc of foot problem, but if I feel good, I'll be there! thx!
Have a great day Damian.
Super Troopers on Comedy Central
aight they in there
rooneys overhead kick vs man city voted best premier league goal ever.....
Great time at #kickball tonight. Sorry to miss the post game competition. #kickass #poguemahones cc:
Rafiki realizing Simba is alive induces chills.
stopp i hate u my body is like on fire rn
Played Pumped Up Kicks this am. for billionth time. Caller asked name of NEW song. I didn't know people could hear Triple M under rocks.
you are correct, it sends your video (graphics w/audio) to patient by email, you need email exchange to check understanding.
Therefore, get the help of medifast online coupons to get the desired result of weight loss
i see how it is.. Supporting kingston not pb .
RT : I love following someones story over time, through their ups, downs, milestones, and major events
Salingers is the bomb. They have 3 of our beers on. Go get a Common Man, Loopy or Skunk there peeps.
"Stand your ground...doesn't mean chase after somebody who's turned their back."~Frmr FL Gov. Jeb Bush who signed bill into law.
ugh are they draining??
Oh Dear God! I'm in heaven! (No, that's me at Betty's age.) This is the woman I want to be when I grow up. The B is for Betty
sorry dude. Ann Jillian was NOT the best thing about 'It's A Living'
Have a safe trip bro..
I made sure you hit the reggie lol RT": praying that its loud"
In New Orleans! It's hot and sticky here...I can feel my wrinkles going away by the minute! I love warm.
Great fun returning as (volunteer) poetry teacher to 3rd-graders. Working on/playing with onomatopoeia: meow, cuckoo, zoom, smash, slurp!
"I don't give five fucks if they're real; they're the shit."
these guys who didn't get roses look so sad....
they gonna lose !!
GUSA President asks Bryant about Grab 'n Go truck outside the front gates. They're looking into details now.
someone DM or text me on my iPod. i am distracted like crazy today. no work done
You have got to be kidding me..
Too bad Abreu just signed. If Werth is out for a significant amount of time, wouldn't hem make sense for the #Nats?
Wow, its hot out!
yep...the show goes on...me and Iboshi and director and Tracey stayed.
If you're a new home owner with a long list of things you want to get done.Call Mr.D's painting we can take care of the entire list quickly.
I know what you mean. My 20-yr-old daughter is my personal trainer.
Can't wait! You guys have done such a great job with
I feel like you and all the boyz ignore me sometimes. I know u probably wont see this but i love you and please check ur dms! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
how are you chin?(: is it nice up there?(:
that's what happens when you have people who don't do the work do the hiring...
Big thanks goes out to the entire staff at The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island for helping us execute another successful event!
Packers Vs Steelers super Sunday
I'm sick
Come! RT : Looking for some spontaneous dinner plans tonight? has a few extra spots tonight at
I think it's haircut time. Gotta change things up
Taxi with arianna <U+2764>
There is only ONE tackling technique on the planet prove by science to eliminate CROWN first impact while in the act of making a tackle.
can't wait ;)
I'm considering getting a smart phone. Do you have to take some kind of test to prove you're smart enough to own one?
I'm going to leave the restaurant picking to you guys since I haven't been there in a while haha. But in other
I talked em up :) Congrats Jerel Worthy!
Feeling like smoking a blunt and going to sleep
Bullshit otherwise I'd be a size 14 or 15.
$14 Tuesday all day!
no, no, no, lol. We've just been sidetracked for a little. We'll be on the grind soon.
We are farmers bumbumbumbumbumbumbum!
. everyone is ok. I know it looked kind of cool so my pride is still intact.
Danka means 'thank you' in german. - eugene
Thanks so much for the retweets Sue!
That awkward moment when you tell your mom you're going to die of starvation and she says "well make it quick" -_-
Let's get it over with. The match up of 2 schools that Hate each other! We need a Houston Coogs vs Baylor Bears Bowl Game!!!
ready for this #HEAT game
RT : Its hard to inspire others when youre not visible.
Tune in March 30th 7:15pm for the final trailer for Realm of Darkness! Along with ten new production stills and a new poster!
Dont let them rats get 2 u... jus laugh at they dumb ass
This is seriously the most awkward situation I've been in. Shes trying to adjust a monitor that doesn't move. More to come...
"You and me, us never part."
Thanks for this. I'm still so touched at people's thoughts/comments about my Lily experience.
i so want to overdose myself on sushi right now.
The tweets on my head never make it but they are crazy funny.
RT Thank you President for your commitment, dedication and unequaled love for our community.
the fine gentlemen of my site get bent when ginger's shave/wax, waste of a fire crotch they say
just won 500 people lotto points !
We had a full house and standing ovation with some great industry people there. Thank you NBC Casting and LATC for coming!
Ok, thanks for being open-minded :)
rainy days make me wanna cuddle up and watch movies and drink hot chocolate. UNFORTUNATELY, i have work :-/
RT : When you want something so bad it keeps you up at night #thelife (keep working youngin, you'll get there no doubt.)
Did I here chicken n waffles? Does that mean ur in LA for the Holidays?
Thanks for following. I'd love to send you a couple of for sitting in conference meetings. That ok?
I want to come over and see your new kitchen!
always trying to help the #HSFB community!
RT I tend to OVER think things :/
Ten’s favorite: If we are incapable of finding peace in ourselves it’s pointless to search elsewhere. Francois de la Rochefoucauld
Woo no longer 666:D thanks
It's only September and I already despite football season. I can't believe I'm actually wishing it was February.
I am gonna hold you to that :)
LMFAO!!! Hehe I GOT U BACK FOR INSULTING MY MAN!!! Well I sort of got u bak!!
Thx for the tweet and look forward to following
This is one of those mornings when you turn on the TV and say, What is going on?! Haha, love it!!
I'm going to tell some electrons in your computer to configure themselves differently... right now.
hahahahahhahahahaha, you'll has to see my amazing driving skills!!!!
Beat It Up Like Rampage
I'll be careful RT My friend, he doesn't like you. I don't like you either.
Okay #Twitterverse who should I be following that I'm not?
Good morning to you all !
few hours? more like the next 8 hours.
No matter who I'm texting or what I'm texting about I always wanna reply with a lyric that relates too it :D #obsessed?
Great to see you! I think another wine night will be needed in the near future :)
Niall you looked adorable today. omg i love you. <333
I like the clothing line, how long have you been at it?
Got "Locked Up" for the MDA today & NEED "Bail Money" to get released on good behavior! My goal is $1600 and so far only have $340. Can you…
new grill?
Hongos taco with Union Jack IPA draft...Nice!
The by our house is pretty incompetent. The ppl on the phones suck.
it won't let me:( lol i'll try later.
fuck cancer and fuck anything that has to do with it...this shit is unbelievable....going need my family this weekend...
Amen! One of the greats. “: Jim Keltner whatever did I do without you”
Now that it's time, I am calm as can be. So very happy! I cannot not wait to look him in the eyes and say I do!
Flossing is my hobby. What of it?!?!
yall pray for me with these finals cause Ima need it
Juliette Gordon Low "failed" at wife- & motherhood, so she taught girls to be self-sufficient.
Headed to bed just gonna watch this game until....
Thanks for reposting this! Hope you had a fab V-day!
SAT at AREA702: Inherit The Sky, Sanity Is Lost, Just Like Scarlet, ACityMisleading, From The Ashes Of Hope, Viator Saint!
where am I getting what from? My tweets? Just saying it how it is bro;)
I have a feeling sophomore year is going to suck -_-
I'm on @ 12:51 w re #PayGap report report requested by & me, 2 B released around noon
New follower :D
Their pho is really good! CC RT Alright Foundry, let's see what you got.
Whats your favorite place for viewing fireworks in #Cleveland?
Looking for a job? Great news, all you need to work for Spirit airlines is a brain stem and a shitty childhood
hey LJ. Can I get a follow back? Much love.
Wishing everyone a Merry Merry Christmas
Would like to be at home in ur arms. Ilykbo.
I'm jus a weird dude apparently. W.e.
need i remind u were n L.A. lol
guy has a crazy voice! reminds me of someone but can't place it
I love Stacy Burton!
Have finally tamed the beast, which is AWS ec2. Until next time & goodnight my old foe.
Ha! Others might have a different description. :-0
Support independent artists!
good luck!
Library all day today... and every day this week.
Only things I love in life are my family friends Eminem and Pittsburgh. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Looking forward to volunteering at Habitat for Humanity! I hope the weather isn’t terrible tomorrow morning.
Boo miss you in de koolaid "how do they do this" dummies still bothering me ugh!!!
Now I want to hear Dyack maniacally defend it on a podcast.
yeah I tried growing one out to be Reza's replacement.
Lovin Trey Songz "Successful"... I want the money, money and the cars, cars and the clothes I suppose, I just wanna be successful...
Today, trade in coffee has a huge economic value. Coffee is 1 of the world's most crucial primary commodities.
Basketball History 101: Rick Barry, his 2nd season (1966-67) in the NBA led the league in scoring at 35.6 PPG! WOW...
it was hard but i got over him we dont talk much anymore idk y we both dont put in the effort
Woot! Playoffs Round 1 Broomball victory =awesome. Hannah, have you tried to win a race lately? Maybe consider cross training?
will pass along another and concert announcement tomorrow morning at 11!
nah not that I know of bro
Huge. Swaps in DC sell out and get lines down the block.
if I feel better :/ im going Friday forsure ,&thats when I'll take the shorts <3
not suggesting a cause or timing of the nose break.suggesting the nose, like all evidence, must hold up in cross.
thank you Stacy Malkan for ur amazing spirit and knowledge. Thanks 4D honor 2B part of our documentary
about to watch the #VSFashionShow in 5 min!!! excited lol ;P
Sandy, are you speaking of #social boom?
lol swagg I gotchu on that... It went good we got some super dope pics for the site and tumblr !
Congrats on CORE-designed & on #RammyNoms this year!
It's Pi day!
#help first, talk later..help anybody that needs help that you can help..some or a lot.it does not matter. Helping heart is a Healthy heart.
Maybe birthday week can start tomorrow? :) RT : Tomorrow night we tap Big Eddy Imperial IPA! Stop down for one!
Is back to being myself...
Mayweather vs Cotto who cares #boxing is as good as dead
If I had a nickel for every time I heard someone bitch about how much they hate their generation i'd have some serious cash right now.
Tony Ambrose being sworn in as newest member of the El Cajon City Council
Shaving My Whole Head Because My Phone Got Stole . lol
Flight from SEA to DFW, highs from 50's to high 80's. Might not need this fleece jacket when I get there.
oh true dat son!
Why do I even bother anymore...? Never gunna win.
SHE SAID SHE DIDNT KNOW HER OWN STRENGTH ...
You only live once, that's the motto, nigga #YOLO, We bout it er day, er day, er day
I just wanna go to McDonald's and get a million mcnuggets -_-
Highlight of my year, spending 20 min with Stephen Wolfram, thank you
Set stomachs to stun: "Copper carrots: done! Sweet potato casserole: ready to bake! Chocolate chip cheesecake: done! Mashed potatoes: to do"
Wut up!! Get yo butt naked ass up, Salute TOPFLIGHT!
several groups do them, esotouric, japanese and Jewish groups- most charge, but you can find some unique ones
Way to take care of business Holy Cross! 2A Title Stays in NKY! K FULLER played a great 2nd half of the season!
Yes, perhaps we should get Kleenex on board as it will be one big waterfall!
it's in the Network tab, you can filter by data type at the bottom of that tab
Sweet!!! they play the same as the #Hawks. Just made my day. thanks
Yay, perfect application for my new noise-canceling headphones!
“Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.”
Isn't it wonderful?! I love it! I'm going outside!!!
Just made a secret handshake with the little love bug #OhYeaaahh #Boom <U+270A>
I still struggle with people who stop where there is no stop sign. It is more dangerous that way.
A Davis, Harden, Kobe, LeBron, Bosh, Griffin, Melo...not Dream Team or Redeem Team, but #MemeTeam?
RT : Never abandon yourself to please another...
Business is business let's keep it moving!!!!!!!!!!
If you're attending #TXLA12 today, stop by the "1001 Great Ideas" poster session 4-5:30 and visit me! I have ONE GREAT IDEA!
I heard a one direction song.... And liked it
When it's all over and you think you've "won", stay humble, for in the future you might have to face THANOS!!!
Here I go again...whether I win or loose
Congrats & best wishes
Good question. But how do you seperate those people from the ones who are truly struggling to make ends meet?
ok ok i feel bad 1$?
Headline: "#Norway rampage culprit calm, expects life in jail" Um, yeah, ya' think?! The whole thing makes me sick.
I love scott
Dick in a Box?
Thank you !!! I love that you enjoy it :)
We shd have your courage, KD2 : #FF "Karen helps me to be the Martial Artist I am & the person who I am today ;-)”
serious discussion this evening with about whether a pen is more deadly than a razor.
you are marsamazing i just made that up and said it to may on
Saved again by the
Haha thanks - lots of people are passing it around; I wondered who made it.
we are going to miss your reports!!
Word to yo momma n al hurr baby dadies!
Had appt this morning at the Endoscopy Center- fun, fun!
I found a fun kidlit book for Ancient Rome: Tiger, Tiger by Lynne Reid Banks.
Heck yes - Can't wait!!! #BacheloretteParty #LetMeSeeYourHandsUp!
I Have Three Big Ass Pimples On My Face . #ThatShitAintCute -.-
I understand bulimia a little bit better after I eat McDonalds. Mistakes were made.
What do you mean
facebook spam is mad annoying PREVENT SPAM don't remove app just remove the post! (:
right me too
really salty about my headphones
Congrats the website looks awsome!!!
Pulitzer: The Leaked Fiction Memos via Ahaha, cracking me up.
LOL! Thanks for the response! Loved the song -yeah and the video too-love to play it on
u wont have a bad hair day if u did something like cut all of it off. That isn't a hairdo u have. Its a hair don't!
I love you, you're amazing! I think you all your performance's are amazing! And you didn't deserve to get sent home! js
are there that many exclusive titles anymore? Seems like most games are for all systems these days.
Fallbrook Technologies Inc. Announces NuVinci® Variable Speed Supercharger Technology Ready for Adoption by OEMs
which comedian lol
Whether you think you can or think you can't, you're right. ~Henry Ford
Even the refs can't stop Cal from its own crappiness this time. Texas ball!
yes how absurd that the British press should write about the British prime minister
lol Fran we read that too!!!!!!!!!! I didn't mind it to much though... Haha!
She slowly falling out of love
Alright I'm for real this time…. I'm leaving to get something to eat
sweet pic. Beer makes it even better! I'm out friends, night!
": That's awesome, "The highway's jammed with broken heroes a last chance power drive."#RIPClarence" true dat
Cold Washington morning. Looking forward to some southern warmth at in Little Rock.
Lol at least you gave something up RT : Happy Easter !!! I can finally drink a soda ! God Bless you'll !!!!!!
I Love making you look stupid!
still wanna #bootytude today, Mr. PTO?
Yeah boy!
Truth. RT RT : Being a good writer is 3% talent, 97% not being distracted by the Internet. CYRUS FARIVAR
Thank you for all the #FF's!! Ya'll are the BEST!!!
A little hockey with my breakfast.
But you didn't have to cut me off. Make it out like it never happen and that we were nothing.
Taco Tuesdays! 5 types of Tacos (beef, chicken, shrimp, crab, fish) great music & people also!!!!!!!
Changed the office water bottle. Feats of strength for the week completed.
exactly, it's easy to get caught up and think with your cock not your brain. You have a good head on your shoulders, use it.
huge mistake avoiding cabanas. Come join us at bellagio cabana tomorrow...or bank now.
don't stop being yourself because some jackass did you wrong, just don't be nice to that person! Be true to you :)
When I feel smug for getting up at 4 a.m. I then remember people like are not only up but dressed and looking good for TV.
E-waste recycle event June 26 & 27 Vancouver mall and Olympia mall. www.GreenCenturyOnline.net for details. Recycle responsibly. GCER
working avp volleyball in Huntington Beach.
If you can't afford to do it right the first time, how much more does it cost to do it again? Just asking.
Haah I have no idea why I spelled it that way either sorry
I wonder how many college kids were about to sit down and write a paper today, only to learn that Wikipedia had been blacked out
no fried foods huh?
I'll reiterate the consensus from #RonPaul insiders: He's not suspending his campaign.
Was very proud of and
Anybody want to comment on handling cramps on and off during workout even while on a clean eating regime?
Had a Kindle since Christmas and only just figured out that there are FREE books on Amazon that you can just HAVE, without a Prime acct.
yes, i work at zara (:
GRAND OPENING JULY9TH 4517 E 131ST COME OUT AND ENJOY ENTERTAINMENT AND GREAT FOOD, & HELP US CELEBRATE OUR BRAND NEW HOME!!!!
#youknowyoubrokewhen canned tuna keeps u living
e-llo! Weird - I thought I already followed you? Did you get a new account or something?
mello is like a brother to ME HE luv meh this i know he makes me feel so gooD ND ONE THING ABOUT MEH AM NOT SCARY ND AM BOUT MINE
Thank you to Next Act Theatre for helping to make our 2010 one-act plays a success! Please support Next Act's 2010-11 season!! :)
Snow!! Weak effort, Michigan, but I'll take it.
So u r ok with the way Rush characterize women in the context of this story?
A conversation about dim vs dark storage logically turns into a discussion about aliens... right?
aw now come on gtl - some things just should not be changed - leave dumbo alone!
You don't know what it's like to be in my shoes
the final score was 2-2 and so i made like 200 pounds off that shit, which is like 340 bucks to you yanks
thanks so much! All I can say is awesomeness!
UNLEASH THE POWER OF MOONSHINE
It's so hot in this house!!
no sir
it's okay, you don't have to be sad anymore:) and it's good how's yours?
Unless you wanna go to breakfast, I'll be at work during the day after 12 :(
people actin funny now wha did i do ?
DELTED THIS PAGE U HAVE NO L.IFE THATS WHY U SUCK ON COW NIPPLES BITCH
Feeling so guilty..:\
Pushing for a win tonight. Schedule gets ugly and, while we want to be kinda bad the rest of the year, we don't want THAT bad.
Sometimes I feel like outsourcing my life…
On my bullshit niggaz betta not let they bitch get them hurt!
cause i slept on it for 8 hours it was stunned i was freakin out
We have built our family-owned business over the past 4 years by providing a complete range of cleaning services.
example ---> RT “: No Girlfriend Should EVER Feel Like She's In Competition With Another Hoe PERIOD!!!”
Go, #Cowboys! (and #Patriots!)
It's also great for freelancers. Perfect, interactive way to self-market your work.
Other people might have given up on you. But I wont. Everyone has given up on me, And I couldn't give up on you.
Currently listening to: Dogs of Babylon - Sustain Its Feeding My Brain
It's only 9:28 am my time, but no joke all day is going to be funnier than this one.
We are looking for artists for an event this march!Send us an email:
Thank you! Very glad to be here!
The #Highlandtown Wine Festival has been rescheduled for May 20th! We hope to see you then!
good times:)
You have time to chat next week?
Running off of an hour and a half of sleep. Alex can suck mah bawlz for this one.
Next meeting set for Feb. 18 at WTHR! Hope you can come out and network with Indy's professionals!
..or that people are using elec. mediation to try to impose tidiness/control on pers. relationships...?
RT if you want me to dm for you?x
#REPENTREDEEMRESURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: John 11:1-44. Roll away every stone between u and RESURRECTION!
I believe that was the unofficial title of August 2011 Movie Night, no?
Um....onside kick worst call since the overturned fumble.
Been contemplating the idea of mentors. Did most people have one in their professional lives?
Thanks for the RT's :)
So glad that my friends aren't so judgmental / "people can't change" attitude as you. Sad you only see the bad and not possible.
Let me be clear, the WORLD WILL END if we don't raise the debt ceiling! Human beings CANNOT function without the brilliance of government!!!
Bedlam Fans or Friends of Bedlam Fans, we have 30$ gift cards for 25$ just in time for xmas.
You know who my niggas are ..
What do me and have in common? Both new to Twitter. If you like him, follow me. Trust me it makes sence. I said trust me...
Contemplating about turning my phone off for the day. Maybe the week.
I Reflect at Your Grave
haha, I was trying to help the girl!! Turns out she needs more help that I thought....
like who rocks JUST a vest. Not a three piece suit. A vest. Straight from Todays Man in J mall.
hi hello this is mitchell davis
Such a perfect day! :) What are all the other #RObotz up to?
Trying to get noticed by and is hard even though we all live in San antonio..
Did Detroit boo nickelback? This is some ugly football.
and the coolest person on the planet =P
#40DOLLARS per paycheck pay for medications monthly I would not be able to afford otherwise
I know NOW lol bum ass
Ur welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app. Offer promotions w us
RT Had a blast today at ascarate park with my Gz family. Life wouldn't be the same without them <U+2665>
About an hour left. You can win THE KING'S SPEECH. No stutter or Academy Awards necessary!
I didn't buy anything, I just went with my cousin! :)
farmer's market or the smoothie ?
awesome, just direct message us an address and how many you would like and we will get them out to you asap.
hey thanks, king!
Should I be forced to write a letter supporting reparations for African Americans?
okay twitter, help me. i'm going to prom what should i smell like: pink grapefruit, night-blooming jasmine, mango/pomegranate or gardenia?
Crossing things off my to do list even though they weren't ever assigned in the first place
Check-in & brag about your #HCG #weightloss here! On the HCG Diet I have lost ______ pounds. (Fill in the blank)
Lol at peoples perceptions I was told by two players I am the loosest player at the table, but I am the tightest by a mile and they r loose
When you think you can't, you must
Thanks for the RT! I agree, we need more funding for school libraries
Not bad not bad. Ready for some sunshine!
Getting ready for our Women & Families dinner program which is open Mon-Fri 3-6p. See someone in need? We're at #1525NewtonStNW, pls tell!
Should be grading...but instead I'm yelping and considering rewatching the Reichenbach Fall
Twitter is officially Seinfeld! :D A site about nothing
he #geeked up
hey girl! Your mousepads look great in Real Simple this month!!! Congrats!
looking for beats for next mixtape send some heat to my email roundtablegenerals up north down south dont matter IRS IRS
Wow, is it just me or does Paul's Twitter avatar look really skinny?
About to murder someone at work. Good thing I work from home on Fridays...the streets would run red with the blood of careless coworkers!
easy to spin those front wheels huh?
no way. That's dope!
We don't own our social environments. Our fans do." from
Hey hello there!
EVERYONE FOLLOW THEY WILL ALL FOLLOW BACK!
Wade was worse, nigga played like a bitch today
“: Apparently according to Bets, LSU fans will kill your grandma in the parking lot after raping her...Right,
Way to go Marquette!! Let's finish this Wisconsin!
at first I thought you said in dead but then I found out you meant indeed...-_- lml
and i want u...
Phila Inquirer previews AAM conference = Topic A, B, C, D: money: is.gd/v0Q5. I, for one, hope to have some discussions on other topics.
Rick Flare Dont Ever Need To Cry !
Had dinner at Bully's East in San Diego. Was as good as the food we photographed there. We'll definitely go back.
Impossible. I don't believe it. Just like I don't believe in fairies... except the ones that scare the Yeti.
Jesus Christ is...way...truth...life
Let's Go Heat
I'm giving myself a Me Day :) yayyy
Okay? we can make another still lmao
Do you even know how beautiful & sexy you are?
#WeDontLikeYou tee time bitches
that's awesome! He is so great!
oh now this ones good
On the way to the mall jammin to justin bieber <3
Stop in and see us, say the word, and get 50% off some cool froyo on this hot summer day!
any new stuff you are up to? :)
I really want to break 100k
Thanks for the RT!
Nevermind, I was downloading starcraft starter edition. I'll stop until I go to bed tonight.
Why did the Philharmonic disband? Excessive sax and violins
I bet he sings along too...too effin cute
Wow! Totally honored -- honored -- to be included on your list. Thank You. cc
Today is the day i want to go out! Not stay home with my mom
It's 3 days since my tweet to & still no reply. Guess they don't care for customer service.
"Marty, you have to come back with me!...where?...Back to the Future!"
Ladies dont depend on a man when your kids are dependn on u. Ijs
you're so sweet. Thank you! We're glad you found our youtube too! Hey follow our personal & Thx!
let's hope Ron Paul takes second.
My girlfriend is leaving for a week I'm really bummed
nothing right now just thinking
The more time im in school the shorter the time for me to get on with my life...
you rock!
Thanks! Would have a better time if I wasn't going to sit in a puddle for 3 hrs. But it will still be fun.
I'll be rocking the red tonight. How bout that Sawx victory!
Congrats to and for the award to GMR!
I really miss having fridays off
you will die a slow and painful death
It's a beautiful day here, in my neck of the woods.
Thanks for coming & sharing pictures of Circus-palooza fun yesterday.
I know I do Im sorry pooh who u goin wit
You females are more then just a sex toy carry yourself like it.
Cuddling on my couch with a good book >>
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
What's up with that Mc Donalds breakfast ! Lol
Game 3 is going to be off the hook. GO MAVS!
Boy, you needs to git you some REAL Mexican food.
going to signed autograph with on Macy's plaza 750 W. Seventh St. Los Angeles, CA 90017 at 9:30 am on Monday :)
Only Fuk Wit Chick That Got Shit Too Loose
On pre-sale for just 1 more day! RT : 'Family Tree' is still available for just $12 www.tilteed.com
wishin that you come outa that closet?
thanks I look forward to expanding US-Russia sister city relationships
Oh my Kobe!!
Excited tonight for my country at hand, that mistress of mine, France. If even a naive dream elected- what are we without dreams?
Most boring day of my life.
winky faces are kinky
RT DC; cherry blossoms in full pink pyrotechnic bloom. Humbling & convincing. 3rd great prayer, after Help, and Thanks, is Wow!
Gotta hand it to the NY Rangers.. good lord!
Trendy Accessories at www.shop.justmeboutique.com
You kno you're a poker player when you try to type "right" to someone and it autocorrects it to "KhJh"
Ok #dallascowyboys it's in your hands now. Take the NFC east by storm!
RIP Dick Clark
Rosie O'Neil will be in the CCAS Boardroom at 3:00 p.m to talk about the IBD program!
#parenting You are your child's best toy. The most valuable and inexpensive toy is the relationship you have with your child.
Probably want more flat at the top unless we want to flip... I'd rather just catch air and cruise... Especially for the electric.
Everyday I'm shoveling! Thankful for the snow blower that came with our house.
That's very feminist of you, Big Brother. Will have to check her SHOW out. Thx for the tip.
Hunny I'd do ya, so aim high, know how pretty you are, and as you get older the self esteem thing gets easier
: omg!! A real tweet!
": I give up. Back to using Twitter a lot less. This is getting moronic." Or hang with fewer morons?
Hey - time to start cheering for Loes!!!
Half priced tacos is a perfect way to start the new year! :) what do you like on yours?
ill be panda express but you the Panda
WHO WOULD BE WATCHING THE OSCARS WHEN THE ALL STAR GAME IS ON!!!!!
Great. Now no bruins OR Red Sox.
Friday the 13th! It's going to be a great one, lots to do and no time to hesitate on anything. Yowza Madre!
Sometimes it's necessary to go a long distance out of the way in order to come back a short distance correctly. ~ Edward Albee
Brew House tonight in NHP, NY! 9PM to close, 21 and over/ID at the door!
::Treading Lightly::
Wood-Ridge NJ police are on the 300 block of Union Avenue investigating the homicide of a man who was found dead inside a home.
I am attempting to build more support for Milwaukee Soccer. Even at the Amateur level.
& on the #innovation future of automotive #manufacturing 7pm tonight at Plush St. Louis
RT : RT : Mobile marketing technically refers to any form of messaging or advertising targeted at portable devices,...
the day went by fast
congrats on Celeb App. I have 2 know what lipstick r u wearing on RhONj at shore house in beginning? Xoxo
I never realize how hungry I am until posts a picture on Instagram.
agreed. I usually have my reasons - your view belongs to you :)
If GK doesnt start JaVale next game I already look forward to reading your tweets
Sorry I dont think I ever paid enough attention to what he said to notice his dialects
if you don't tell four square where you are then no one can find out where you are from four square. That's what I meant.
* hehee , im petty .
Wine bottles made into lamps! Or ... RT What's your favorite #upcycle, #recycle, or #repurposed #diy project idea?
One of our students' on KTLA 5! giving back to cancer research :-) such a good kid! Yay!
GOP debate: truth and grace. Wait, both of those are currently in question... #whatwouldDFdo?
love it bro!! You going to dump your protein down throat!!!
Today is going to be the longest day of my life
I just about when his musics on the radio &' when the fans wanna trend something . other than that, I just talk about his music &' thats it.
WE ALSO HAVE MODERN GOING ON TONIGHT AT 7:30!!!
awesome! thanks for letting us know!
Sadly. In other news maybe going to see the Avengers tomorrow or Wednesday.
does it ever make a difference?
it's your birthday??if it is HAVE A HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!!THE HAPPIEST OF YOUR LIFE!
lol he'll end up letting you .
I had a Dick's cheeseburger, fries, & chocolate shake for lunch today. It was delicious! Shoot what you had. Tomorrow: change your pic.
“ Appreciate it tell your friends to follow me and I'll follow them back.”
There's going to be some changes in my way of scheduling clients. I'm just going to have to suck it up and stick to the master plan.
Q: In Ariana's bio, it says she likes to dress like a ___ __ girl<U+2661>
My throat kills. Ugh. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Too Funny..being retired..now have same confusion:-)>
IN REAL LIFE, i wouldnt get a tv show if i got pregnant, i would get beaten.
I think should come to Washington DC, Maryland. I live 2 1/2 hours away, but I would drive just to meet him and see him live!
Eating at the Firefly...this place is way too "upper-class" for me! Haha
RT : So excited is following me! Can't wait to check out the festival for my first time this summer.
I'm sexy.
Remember Herbstreit saying B1G=MAC in 07? And nowhere did I make the argument that the #SEC wasn't No.1 for the last year......
At least is wasn't a bitmap.
That is the most New Yorker-y article about a thing that only the New Yorker cares about.
Thank you! That seemed to do the trick. (And, no problem manually entering credit cards. Just something I don't want to do!)
Planning something very exciting for the #MazdaRoadtoIndy drivers of ! You won't want to miss it :)
A guy that post more pictures of himself on Facebook then you do #notokay <
follow me then :)
RT : Wow! Can't believe it! This year has been a dream!
"Challenges are what make life interesting; overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
11:11 <U+2764> bestfriend tell people to follow me ima tell people to follow You YOLO
Fred Meyer in Portland decides to get rid of plastic bags starting Aug. 1. What do you think? Good idea or bad?
Could monday come sooner please!
True. But the children...?? They are NOT going to be around forever.
Dolphin with my niggas
Yes!! I would Love to do Film, but I Love Theatre as well, so I'm going to have to find a way to juggle both coasts!
RT : RT : I'm not good at keeping stuff to myself.
YES YES OH MAN. I CRIED A LOT.
Only Source of Knowledge Is Experience, Git Busy!!
lol this is true. Have a good #stpats day! Don't die.
Just ask her <3
I'm swirling away into a black abyss called the back of my eye lids. ;)
ok so today wasnt a bad day getting ready for school !
One Minute Of Kissing Burns 26 Calories. No Wonder Those Sluts Are So Skinny.
#inside why is on this show?
The problem with Yanks is they are wimps,
I can't even watch this anymore since I have to watch the Cubs feed, so glad we didn't go to the game tonight.
LOL. I feel the same when riding my bike through my neighborhood. I almost got hit by some moron two days ago.
What's on your Christmas list?
anyone out there intersted inonline or live poker coaching feel free to hit me up 816 726 8938 . my biz section will be up in a dew days!!
sure am!
I can't wait until I'm out of school and its only the morning..
Trust me, everything's going to be alright. There's not a day Austin failed me, and this time he still won't. He's going to make me us even
If I see one more blonde woman driving a Suburban that she doesn't know how to park I'm gonna have to get all Kanye up on someone's ass.
haha...we will find out
those rapids are in for some rough riding!! Come hang w and me!!!
haha I'd be alot nicer if I was getting paid for it
bro, we need to spice up that website... Gimme a holla some time
bye ashley. Watching smash now too. Ciao bella!
It's chalk. I assure you it isn't permanent.
Hey!! Like the new pic!
ok time to crash night all.
katin, do the right thing and follow ya boi
Tired as fuck
Clare Coleman: Feds pay 90% of family planning health care including contraception, they DO NOT pay 90% for pediatric care.
Nope, it was in response to the "Evil Empire" (NYY) RT : sure Raider Nation is the undisputed "Nation" originator!
Thanks for the follow!
Learn to play pieces efficiently in half the time it would normally take. But, make sure to also give yourself some time (cont.)
omg #brewcrew. givin me a heart attack in this bitch
Fact: the minutes that pass between waking up and the first cup of coffee are each 120 seconds long.
I am glad to have to go to see modern dance with. It is important to have an expert be visibly not impressed sitting next to you.
hi bby hi
FASHION FORWARD: THIS SUMMER BATHING SUITS WITH VESTS ARE TRENDING
oh forreal what u bout to do then
I wanna sleep but then i dont :-)
Today's #Pricing Tip: Many online consumers more often than not buy based on price or at least are very price sensitive- price accordingly!
I like to believe I'm honing my trolling for when next season begins
My life is too freakin' complicated..
Well technically you'll get the free food but, I'll place my order through you.
lol! Girl between the weaves and braids I can't believe it...but my hair grows too fast through the braids Smh
i was watching #NEVERSAYNEVER it makes me cry every time i see it i dont know why<3
I haven't seen a call that bad at Yankee Stadium since...every day. These umpires should be drawn, quartered and fed to a pack of donkeys.
I'm just sayin. I don't consider him a qb guru anyway. Farve woulda been great, Hasslebeck was good & Brunell was avg.
is it Gyu? If it is it looks so delicious.
Jon Fitch vs. Aaron Simpson coming to UFC on Fuel 4 this July!
Trying to decide if I want to be a juke box hero or a pinball wizard
Yeti music 2012
I think you may want to be in a Google hangout at some time, so I'd keep it. You can't get back your user name (so I've heard).
Spent 4 hrs at auto dealerships today. Customer experience of buying a car is terrible. Opportunity for major disruption? Any suggestions?
Its so fckin hot.
If lebron really wanted a championship he would've just made those freethrows.
Just noticed Jen royle blocked me. So she insults you then blocks you when you retaliate? And all of Baltimore are the classless ones. Ok.
Enjoy your meal and thanks for sharing your Friday lunchtime with us!
Yayyyyy =)RT This weekend was wack. EP next weekend! (: should be fun.
awww baby we love you too <3
Awww I miss you too neighbor! See you next week!
I thought this was easy win for the #saints but the #49ers look good!
RT #EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho annoys the f*ck out of you.... you just want to beat them up. >_<
welcome back!
Being sent to the tardy room in R8 because you already took you ECA in your assigned room earlier that day. <
Plastic Surgery Slumber Party.
karma has no deadline.
If only u knew...
Man people are really optimistic about me going down to florida
Going globally soon. www.joborworker.com
And the winner of the 50% off Groupon code is !!! Just send us a DM to get your code!
Heading to Las Vegas today for the #ASA2011 meeting! Hope to see you all there, and don't forget to visit at Booth #306 for 20% off!
Happy birthday!
Look at the numbers. 100, 000 progressives would assure that Dems control Senate, Governor, & Presidential majority.
U fony asian pig...u look lyk a fucking whore from bangladesh...ppl cant even c ur face u bastard...
Now Following ...
Yellow Thunder Media has a platform that “seeds” your videos to rank on YouTube charts. They run campaigns for enterprise level clients and…
Hearing there was a body found in the woods behind ARINC this morning. You guys hear anything?
Going to Cooking Up a Cure tonight #CUAC2011! Looking forward to seeing Beautiful people!
talking about oral sex in my TA english literature class
follow this girl --> #belieberhelpbelieber right? :) 4
i have mine next week which is werid...
WOW Y AM I A FAQ.
men & women spend more time trying to figure out the opposite sex than figuring themselves out.
books on my devices are "bound" by code-who's gonna privilege thread & glue?
Thank you everyone for all your get well wishes!
Hm I've been told I make a pretty mean biscuit and gray from scratch even :)
Apparently 6:30 is my new wake up time. Yay...
Good morning :) looking at my schedule. The weekend of February 4 looks good to me!!!
point I'm trying 2 make is this team needs & always has needed fan support to be successful. We haven't backed up good seasons...
I knoow. I woke up at 7pm and have been playing Batman : AC since. This sucks D:
Lindsay: There is no accurate reporting on how often Ambien causes adverse effects, but it was prescribed 23 million times in 2008.
Lovely day is ending with #HeavyRain and bad #storms. :( Ready to go home and have a hot cup of coffee & snuggle my blankie and read!
Its so funny when you see certain batta foot know nothing yard gal, get a pair of red bottoms and now reckons there prestige or high class
thanks, I hear the thick frames can bump you up 15 IQ points!
like to think of Baby Jesus as a mischievous badger.
sexy like a chocolate strawberry!
Just finished up eating the best scallops my husband has cooked yet.
#math “: My cousin's pit had 9 pups but one died so its 8 now”
Networking at Mile Hi Stadium was crowded & long lines. Tour was GREAT! Met interesting colleagues to stay in touch with
RT : Ticket prices going up real ass soon. Save bux and get tix now! www.freepresssummerfest.com
forty love
m Brussels sprouts are awesome!
always stop by for a fabulous convo
also a 3-2 pitch, if I remember my saddest sports memory correctly.
If you're over 18 years old and still getting grounded, I see no reason to have you in my life.
Hey happy birthday!!!!!
I'll consider it. However, my present advertising budget is a negative number.
i'll be a judge this evening at the elbo room in san francisco. come out!
I need a really inexpensive place ($150 per week or less) to stay while I search for work. Suggestions?
This Thursday : Gypsy Jazz at 1905 Restaurant : 2 Guitars, VIolin, Bass and Vocals. Show starts at 9pm. No Cover.
get off my timeline
so glad i got to hang out with yesterday :) can't wait to get her to Charlotte!!
Is very sleepy. Wish I didn't have to work. Damn
swagged out today
i make it 5k with 500 behind he pushes flatter folds i call he has 1010 flater says i folded an ace i miss
Got 119 million dollars? You can buy Edvard Munch's "The Scream" for your dorm room.
im finna make a song today ion care
By his wounds you have been healed. 1 Peter 2:24b,
Don't judge me by my skin color!! Lmao
ha we walked and i was like that was so awkward ... lol so what you doing??
Bo Van Pelt might win us low round
Reading Churchill's Memoirs of WW2 and his admiration of FDR really stands out.
today i dissed this hater. they said justin was a man whore. and i got so pissed that i HAD to say something.
Royce White is one good player but he may need a 25+ pt night of Iowa State has any chance. Does have 6 already
Sometimes you have try not to care, no matter how much you do. Because, sometimes, you mean nothing to someone who means everything to you.
Anyone try Google My Drive yet? Looks like it "replaced" GDocs, much like the G+ Photos replaced Picasa Albums
Evening shoot here in-studio with at the helm...
Chief Michael Maloney was set to retire next week.
2things about Mr.Dennis's tests: 1)he never tells you when youll have one 2)you dont remember learning any of it
iSpeedShop at #swdc10 showed fantastic work for the weekend and was able to see there is a clear bullseye for a target market: Men!
not sure where that figure came from.
your welcome
Derek I cant save these females
I agree. I said after his rookie year he'd never win a ring. And I'm sticking to that.
Avengers was sold out. Damn. Seeing Dark Shadows instead. Hahahah.
Opening day at Fenway! Anyone going to the game?
lol! Ur not being realistic. Ur just upset. They really are. It's just Westbrook.. Lol
Time to change your password. Spammers are using your account to send out DM's.
I wish would tweet me !
I dont think the word hot truely explains it...how is everyone else in the country feeling?
Robbie Cano, don't ya know?!?!?! Ok, no more baseball updates today. Must work. Ah, Fukudome!
I have a fox on my head
Glee Concert in Sacramento - Need a ride? Call J's Taxi Dispatch of Sacramento 916-501-8171 Get 20% off your ride! Don't pay parking!
OLLY! 18 days till i see you in Chicago! i can't wait for this!
RT : Bargaining with the #truth doesn't change the outcome of the struggle. It only gives you the temporary illusion of control.
can someone help me get more followers..awk everyone has like thousands of followers and i don't even have 200! hehe ucanhelp
Men always want to be a woman’s first love – women like to be a man’s last romance. ~Oscar Wilde
Love seeing people from my past
#NCAAFinals single digits maybe!
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy followers! <3
Gonna see The Avengers with + !
I wish there was a delete button on people so I can get rid of people I dont want in my life
Jersey Shore needs more Situation and less of everything else
Did you know when you ask for something - your brain immediately starts to figure out how to get it for you? Today's Text You "I want____"
what a pefect night for cocktails and dining. 90s next few days. Enjoy today..
well said lyric
Thanks to for putting on, as always, a great TechCafe event last night. cc
love that part I was rofl and crying<U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B>
RT : Q6 What are some of your goals for
The thunder almost reached lawlers law in the 3rd!
If Austin come to Indonesia, I'll beg my mom to buy me the ticket and I'll beg my mom to et me to see you
Great stuff my friend thank you for following
Love this, Mohamed.
says #Facebook is about communicating with customers you already have, not generating new customers
Where you at ?
INSIGHT-The market squeeze, metals traders beat regulators
Have fun Mom! P.S. I love that you're on twitter ;-)
Everyone's singing We Are Young right now. LOL
It's a beautiful day outside! Family dinner-fried chicken-Yeah
Wait I think I need a vacation.....
tweet and make my TL more interesting.
Sore throat and a fever. Ugh.
If I had xtra day here, that's EXACTLY what I'd do. Not go back to the beaches or lakes, or take ferry to Victoria
Yup. But I'm tiny so don't expect me to drink like u. 2 beers would do me justice.
Tonight is the perfect night for a cocktail since i have to pick days now and shit. Dont workout until 730pm. what on?
Their most unidentified object - a woman's handbag
Happy Birthday!!!!!! Hope You Enjoy Your Day Despite The Weather !
just saw some pics of Justin Bieber's 'Baby Momma' I'll be laughing my...off when he sues her for telling a bunch of crap to the whole world
is on its way to sunny
Right on! me too!
Interesting... deeper view than early categorical perception/correct discrimination analysis.. is it?
I want to make a Harry Potter altered book!
Just got professional confirmation that I "destroy" food! cc:
Didn't expect id spend my night reading for 5 hours but I'm finished. Thanks regenbogen
Last night's #whhlallstars special was CRAZY fun! Is it time to create a housewives version of Battle of the Network Stars?
you guys are crazy in that fun gaming kind of way
- that Cowboy Dawg was AMAZING!!!!
. Look both ways before opening a door?
Getting a borat text from makes the studying all worth while! Visiting home in 9 days #cantwait!!
LOOKING FORWARD TO BILLIE BEING BACK ON DAYS HUGS FOR YOU
Took an AWESOME class @ Colorado Free University (Denver), taught by Charlene Murphy about Twitter for your Business
Did Pierre LeBoner get called for high sticking on a regular basis?
I disagree I don't think he can hold a tune it sounds like a cross btwn mumbling and constipated while playing a drop d gtr
It's what happens when you're terrible for a long time in the NBA.Hoping Mil can stop teetering and just suck or win
Your Twitter handle is awesome. OWN IT, right?! Takes the sting from those who think this is a hilarious epithet.
The new Brian McKnight song is too good
can you describe the earrings a little better
d* homie yhu aint been on here in ah minute.
Thanks for the shout!
Make all necessary repairs–sew sagging hemlines, replace missing buttons, fix split seams–before cleaning & storing for the season.
Ok guys who's it gonna be taking home a ring tomorrow? Guess right and win an indigo gift!
Gus' performance in the season premiere cemented his role as "my personal demon."
I agree. Idk what's gonna happen with the finale.
Absolutely; it's for a great cause!
YES. This film is going to age so well.
better win!
Happy B-day
Sleepy time
Yeah good. I should win too. Got Jennings vs. Peterson tonight. Come on 3-7 lol.
- I'm puking with jealousy you, you, Nerf Herder! ;-)
Do you ever wonder if falling out of bed in your sleep is caused by the most lame poltergeist ever?
Late night dessert hunting in East Village with and
nothing like listening to a little backspin to get your day started #np Nelly air force ones
"Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas.." B-A-N-A-N-A-S
Someone hid my grits
lol I'm tired if people talking about every move the players make . I don't even have to watch the game to know what happen .
...queuing our UniversalSoul divine destiny with the sweetness of mornings dew. © dmp
Is ready for the Mayweather/Ortiz fight and hopes it's better than that ridiculous early stoppage in the Alvarez/Gomes fight.
hahaha I just saw that!!! What a weirdo
what's with all the muppet movies lately?? Now there's a xmas special??
I wish I had more self discipline
Wtf? Is anyone having Twitter/Facebook connectivity issues?
happy last day of being 20 !!!!
Bree mama deserted us...
Foundation Medicine tumour sample sequencing; 750x depth of coverage standard
heey :) thank you so much <3
SWOP is doing a similar project to your 'respect' project, just found it today, AWESOME!!! Have you seen the steppingstone.com?
brevity! (thx!). I'm doing it w Modern Times, tho I like the idea of "bringing in sthg hilarious"
Summer kickball team name "My Couch Pulls Out, But I Don't" Can't wait for the season to start!
can't wait to drink Baileys out of a shoe with tomorrow at KEXP!
"Just wanted U to know I got a bogus DM from your accounts less than 24 hours ago." ~ Solomon
im still saying yo..like im in DC
Experts recommend watching your trees for stress signs, watering properly and, if their situation gets worse, calling Just Trees. 467-8733
gary comer is whack !!
OH re : "I had dreams of running through pulled pork fields while it rained house sauce" LOL funny i had same dream - c u @ lunch
#uppers Pres. Obama has had his character questioned at every point. So, Romney's shouldn't be?! I think not.
(Also, just to make sure it's clear, you could get set up now with credit card processing if you'd like to try it.)
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.- Vince Lombardi
: Already used one! I'm hoping for another cleanse this afternoon. I'm lucky to work remotely, but I'll be in DC plenty
Does not like Giants inside redzone
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A.A. Milne
Thanks Marissa out in Downey for calling in to and spreading the Bday love! You rule.
When will michelle Rodriguez get her big dance movie break?
shut up
is so cute lol
We are closed today to share in the reverie! Happy Mardi Gras to everyone!
I'm surprised my heart didn't stop today. On top of my 24 oz coffee, little did I know that Midol has a bunch of caffeine too -____-
There's at least 150 orchestra kids....all playing at once....but not the same song
literally on my iphone is boosie, meek, and webbie
I think at one or another most of the guys starting thinking to much. I know Poe seemed to be thinking and retraining himself.
[Num14:28]As truly as I live saith the LORD, as you have spoken in my ears, so will I do to you: + [Isa57:19] I create the fruit of the lips
hell yes you have to it's the only way
Who would you help if you won the #640million? top my list.
I'm watching METROPOLIS: RESTORED. I've never seen this movie.
If you still need a #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket NOW is the time to get it. Marquette AMU 137... Here until 11pm! $25.08 cash only!!!
"Dont make me make you fall in love" -
strike that. Filner just offered a job in his administration AGAIN.
That's great! Productive mornings tend to set the mood for the day!
RT“: That picture of Bette Midler in a tub of baked beans... it brought two of my favorite things together.”
vampire Elena will be fun
R.I.P Jim Marshall
ok then, any interesting guys hollering at u?
that's crazy!
Responded to FIRE @ 7 Spring St, Port Henry, NY 12974. Red Cross auto update.
in a friendship or relationship if you dont have trust ...whats the point
great meeting you yesterday
come through, the ny shamrocks would love to have you. we played a polish team at mccarren today. next match in two weeks.
Twitter is here to stay. Getting solicitations from porn sites. Facebook did it. Craigslist did it and now Twitter. Hello new followers!
#SLAMR GIVEAWAY ALERT! Chek our #fb page & tell us your team name. We're giving away (2) $50 gift cards! on.fb.me/n3rv3v
But When I try to speak words won't come OUT!!!!!!!!! #KaraokeWithRyan <3 <3
Because it makes no sense to sit a year AND give up a year of eligibility.
AP Stats makes me so sleepy!
I haven't unfortunately... I hope there were no unfortunate racist incidents at the local fruit stand
Go Tribe!
Seriously. omg i don't even know what to think
Holy Smokes! pun intended RT : I've also enjoyed every cruise we have taken, short of the one that caught fire and burned!
Watching an incredible performance by
Thanks for the follow - something is soon coming up on getclassical
There is about an inch of snow in Fells Point. Very quiet.
On the bus I'm shaking I never done this before but I couldn't miss in my city Denver 303.
Serving lunch SPECIALS today between 2nd and 3rd street on Walnut starting at 11:30.
and its bday weekend too him and will be joining us
so incredible! It should have at least a million hits!! :)
ANd with that, I'm done for the weekend. Hope you all have a nice couple of days, and I'll see you again on Monday!
What, really? “: Freeney traded to the Patriots?! For a 4th round pick this year and a 2nd round pick next year?!”
mayweather wont do it
Love my daughter!
In some parts of Ireland, if a woman eats a four-leaf clover while thinking about a man, supposedly he will fall in love with her.
LETS GO BRUINSS! :)
Figure flattery: Nipped waists, peplums, belted coats and A-line skirts and dresses @ Jill Stuart. Ooh la lace, sheer and florals, too. LOVE
Sugar can cause tooth decay. Did you know that a 12-oz. soda has an average of 12 tsp. of sugar in it?
Jk I don't have friends
Good night Twitter, sweet dreams to all.
#dontstopbelieving that there will be a cure
my attitude is based on how you treat me...
I think the Leviathan are kind of like the Borg. They are connected - it's one monster, not multiple. They are like an infection.
As soft, delicate, and indestructible as a feather...I love being born with a woman's soul.
"I'm Going" buttons, huh? Where'd you come up with that idea? :)
I'm totally down for a road trip.
What's up with the bombsquad outside my ? Any idea?
Eh I don't really know haha no reason I guess
is giving away a $50 gift card today (good at Paesanos, Pronto & Uncle Vito's). Please follow us & help her spread the word!
RIP Whitney Houston! Definitely a Music Icon...So sad :/
George Jean Nathan~ There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
thoughts on or to play the 12th doctor after matt smiths 11th?
Amanda Knox - not guilty. Pretty amazing, safe returns to her.
It is characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
yes! we toast ms with a big ol glass of champagne in the AARP hood. You all have great HH places.
I use my phone ;)
"Sometimes the beauty of life / Hits like lightening washing everything clear/ And these dimmers of doubt flicker/ Fade out and disappear"
i'm sure you will, looking down your nose at your less victorious but equally awesome competitors :) &
You'da thought that Tony Parker and Manu and four rings woulda taught the world that wouldn't you? Sometimes we're just slow.
right!? Like...nigga what you doin' right now??
I dunked in high school, it's been awhile though
Working knowledge of C++, Linux, Unix, Java <U+0096> Preferred
OK so I am thinking of taking on a design job. Are there any #Joomla Gurus out there that could shed some light on the security of it.
Weird Food Habit #53: Refusal to properly heat leftovers & thus admit I'm eating them. Instead, one cold bite on every pass through kitchen.
My Aunt is so wacky! RT : Still need 700 more umbilical cords for my performance art piece tonight. Please RT!
So excited for my first HouseParty application!
hey chris (;
Your slides are gold! Can't wait to get them after class. Thank you for speaking to us!
i got them this week to bring down for the weekend so i intended to!
are you making a face at us??
Lemolo (LemoloMusic) thanks for the follow.
Been wanting to see
"I can't stand all these sparkly unicorns riding their chariots in heaven!" (Dude at Lightning Bolt show, Detroit, 2002)
I was takin a nap damn I cant take a nap on a rainy day???? We dont do that anymore when we in are mid 20s?
Glad to hear it, Alan.
YOU are awesome! Thank you so much for the support! xo
Life is simple...we are the ones who complicate things.
I see thanks I posted thx on your wall ¦ )
“The real measure of your wealth is how much you’d be worth if you lost all your money.” ~Unknown
Liz Allen: Accountability and responsibility are key components of contemporary def'n of authorship
that's awesome. I want tats but I'm to skinny lol. I need to start hitting the buffets :)
probably not worse. Should have hired Jon Koncak at least. He is younger & could sell the 4500 seats Brown hire might sell
i am not going to lie i would love to see them beat the hell out of Oklahoma. I hate them so much !! Lol
Don't judge me mayne.
I'm not digging 's comments about today. He may have lost some Wisconsin listeners today.
Casher bowl picks.... Byu, iowa st, mississippi st, oklahoma.
#educationnation this thread is very interesting/informative. i wish i could have this type of convo with my co-workers.
Dammit. That's what I wore last night, in Chicago, no less. RT : I hate sport coats with button up shirts, jeans and dress shoes
hahaha i wish i was staying up all night doing anything BESIDES reading this book! but thats what i get for slacking!
Love Love Love!
I making funnies. Don't correct my grammers /twitch
I need more ink!
I think it's a good idea
have a good one!!!!
Got home at midnight. It's 7 am and still haven't slept.
i have think u gave me the wrong number.
Tomorrow is DC! So excited! And what made that even more exciting? Knowing that i have 100 followers! #LuvUGuys! <3
The only thing negative about Trader Joe's is the saggy old snatches who don't share the aisles, inside and in the parking lot.
FUUUUUUUUk coffee machine is broke!
damn B where u at
Yeah, BID's are diff. It's PBID's and poss. CBD's when public/res. property owners start objecting.
I'm such a good dancer..
that always happens to me. but srsly. I need to go to Minnesota
It was excellent stuff! Thanks for your investment!
haha, no ma'am I ran just around the block, I don't like to go to the gym by myself people stare.. And it gets akward! :o
agreed! Thank you!
Go and follow shes new
Oh heck! My Klout has fallen! Why? And what the hell is Klout anyway?
I would like to thank everyone for their vote and support. I also want to thank my wife, Beth, and all of my family for their support too!
understandable! I'll watch that doc tomorrow!
RT “: And a fashion icon. RT : I guess Matt Kuchar is a Republican”
Follow me please!
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year
also Mahalia Jackson Theatre is participating in "Banner Day"... wish we could have been there today ;( work called.
But hey, I'm still the bad guy, right?
Sounds good. Hopefully things calm down in June
I did it last week. LOVED it. Can't wait to do it again.
I love Barry! Did U C the special the other night on locker break-ins in Indy b/c of the show? stealing treasure! :O
i just had sex by akon
had a buddy use icyhot because we convinced him it was like a blowjob in a bottle.
My rescue dog Fancy is in need of some Twitter love. If you are an animal lover won't you consider following ?
Kidding. I don't think the chain will ever make it there. By the way, did Starbucks ever break into Italy?
Happy Holi-daze!
happy hour till 9m $2 Miller bottles, $1 PBR & $3 TALL rails. PACKERS kick off. That is great to say, feels right. Cheers
no, not yet. Bring me a shot? Lol
I’m excited to see what the future holds and how EVMS will thrive under his leadership.
you from europe
Morning Rockstars! > The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. - Henry Ward Beecher
Not an excuse, but I wonder if this day being on a Sunday has turned a lot of people's April Fool's Radar off.
Super Lockman Service are all set to help you with world class professional locksmith services around the clock
been too long need to get dinner I'm back in town. Stoked Ashlandhigh.com is in effect! R
time to see if the party of "no" has used the last 2 yrs to figure how to fix the mess they made the previous 8!
Go super excited when I saw in the audience on
Hahaha ... Rick Perry's favorite movie is The Conspirator, because all of the "bad people" get hanged in the end. He's a murderer!
Cuddling weather..
so keep up the tradition
…These days, if you write “would’ve", you look like a frickin’ genius.
do you book your trip through someone specific that helps you with the allergy planning or u do it all?
um #fuck you now get out my life
You're right. I put the tweeting in bad driver.
thanks much for watching!!
...planned by the story before he was involved.
Shoulda had the hit and run on. Damn.
#RumorHasItThat you wanna get back together but i know better
Conversation with a beautiful woman >>>>>
SEASON.OPENER TODAY! 7PM at Chain of Lakes Winter Haven Stadium Orlando vs Polk County or watch live @ http:://www.n-xbl.com.
Right there with you guys. When you figure out your average age, let me know.
Thanks for the love , lord knows we're going to need some fashion tips on the journey!
WHY THE FUCK DO I HAVE TO GO AND RUIN EVERYTHING!?
Mom didn't realize you guys wouldn't get it. Her bad!
So happy the Spurs/Jazz will be on FXSHD, can't stand ESPN & all their BULL!! GO SPURS GO!!
Happy Mother's Day love!
This morning I am getting a red "Failed to enable Spotify social" warning. It worked fine yesterday. Any ideas?
# floridablue - Why, so often, do we let others measure our success? - Darrin LaCroix
RT : If you've never eaten at The Stanton Social in the LES, you need to correct that sh*t fast. Fantastic restaurant.
Yep! It's all about me! Karma put me at the top of her hotlist years ago. Sorry! Lol
#YouKnowYouLookLikeATwat when you get half way through your day at work and realise your jumper is inside out!
Such a fucking prick. Home for vaca now
You arms like towers, tower over me.
no room in my bungalow for you, but my schedule has big blocks to fill with PK time!
I hope i can make it to school tonite! I miss all crazy folks up there n need to get the fuk out my house!!!
Kentucky can suck it
Signing VY is a fucking stupid decision, and a disaster waiting to happen. If speaking my mind gets me unfollowed, c ya
Throw... Fuck you.
That awkward moment when you don't realize he committed to UCLA months ago, lay off the ganja.
<U+200E>I message someone, get no response, and am left feeling like an idiot
The more descriptions you put for your Google Places page listing, you can get higher page ranking - just use the right keywords.
Morning xx [: School -.-
What finals do we have Monday?
i am jeoules right now.all you need is a good glass of wine and some cheeses and youre set.what type of wine do you like
I am at the one in brea
Can't wait to make big bucks after school is over and then head to Mexico for the partys!
There has been carrot cake at least once during those six years!
WHY ARE YALL FIGHTING GUYS<3333
About to perform MicroInvasive Spine procedure using the MicroEndoscope. #back pain
Hopefully both. Apple claims to be intuitive, but people still have issues and questions, for example.
Mr. Sun is very bright this morning (:
yeah or it was actually Barney's wedding like said.
dont be fucking tell me what to do
Chapter 2012 Page 44 of 366 Keeping order w/o stunting creativity and spontaneity
It is fuckin freezing in Spanish !
Well, I don't think so. My perception of for many years is that they prefer the dark side.
can you please send me a message ,tweet me,or retweet please..i beg you :/ <U+2665><U+2665>
She Works Hard for the Money
I Got A Lot Of Living To Do Before I Die .
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life. ~ George Carlin
Happy Easter everybody!
#Myst is my favorite video game. You can't just turn gears and press buttons, but in a specific way - the whole game is a puzzle.
My secret is #tebowing after every tweet. RT : I think you have me beat by one. What's your secret?
Grinders Doin What We Do!
that underutilized #MARC College Park station mocks me every Wednesday night at 8:30 pm
Seriously people! Black, white and shades in between is all that's acceptable!
Man imma kill my mom
way to lay into #AIG jimmy!
so I shouldn't needle you then or keep misunderstanding your posts?
People sure love being retweeted. There should be a celebrity retweeting service.
IDK re a link. this AM they were talking about how for $500 to their Cap Campaign you can get two names on the wall.
lol i don't get it to much either. it bores me a lot of the times so i just don't put much attention to it lol
you think he would want to stay with a winner..
Ya think??
Catching some rays and Rod Stewart pandora..I could get used to this <U+2600>
think people will finally realize the defensive problems in the infield (awful range, errors) after yesterdays game?
what are I talking abt? She's the best singer in the competition
what up? we need to reschedule that photo shoot
I thought sneezing and driving at the same time was rough---try eating and sneezing!
I love you too daniel , why don't you reply to me .
I love that song!
In July is another Teen Hoot! Please recommend me! Tweet 2 &/or that u would like 2 c me there! Please help me!(:
Lol! For real though RT : Come on Lala with this show... And the way Melo looks she should be pregnant every year... SMH
Hello hello hello! Good Night everybody! I'm back, what's up!
that look so much fun wait until i become an actress we r gonna hangout eeppp! cant wait that is my dream to be an actress like u
That message >>>> OMG.
she look old af tho lmao .. Where does the name came form !!!!
. With the summer ahead, I can focus on weekly precepts and mentor texts to accompany them.
Hungry Hackers. April 1-7 Be a part of the Hungry Hackers Campus Challenge. Find 10 access point "flags" and win up to $2000 in prizes.
Make sure to enjoy your food, sit down, relax and try to chew each bite till there is nothing left to chew. Body does't work right stressed.
Thanks for
I'm a potato..
you Already know! Keep that head up... Only a Real Boston fan can even talk with us... HARDWEAR says it all
Q0) joined an ILT as student, listening skills. Great class, learned new collaborative techniques
I dont give a blow job because the word job makes it sound like its strenuous physical labor. Instead, I give mouth hugs.
Saturday is pool day. Please hurry up.
Yes! and there is more to come esp. the end of the week.
Titanic in 3D!!! With and Dai!
First drive-in movie! #woohoo!
": Most of my ex's are mixed." Hm. So thts watchu like huh.? Lemme b ur nxt then. (: lol
bahahaha!! Best line of the whole movie.
What are we most excited about: our 30 leases as of today, or our Halloween costumes tonight? It's a hard call...
When you're stressed, You eat Ice cream, Cake, Chocolate & Sweets. Why? Because stressed spelled backwards is DESSERTS. Mind = Blown.
Thanks for following us!!
i wanna come do that with you!
It's identifying with the circumstance, (eg I am out of work) vs just accepting it as temporary circumstance, that often keeps us stuck
At least it looks new!
We r back
Our generation, my generation, my people must turn from our evil deeds and obey the laws, each part
Hey Nashville only 1 more day to sign up for our newsletter and automatically enter to win a chance at winning 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!
oh yeah!!
Last day of at the Indian Institute of Technology -showing Flickr Gettr for Mumbai - stop on by ;D
Just made a super delicious stir fry with Yum!
Santa gets milk and cookies the reindeer get this "reindeer food" now I hear,hope they don't leave behind reindeer droppings
awww shoot I'm excited I know I betta c him!!!!
No ginger but myself.
Shout at the devil kiddos.
Can't wait to hear! MT : just in from invigorating day asking Seventeen Mag to start running unretouched photo spreads
and i do answer my phone when it rings unless Im sleep or not in the mood to talk
I think you need to check yourself before you reck yourself. LOL.
On my way home from awesome backpacking trip. Ironically, my iPhone had better reception on top of Cold Mountain than I get at work.
because I can..
don't do it fam. You make that double in a year. But it doesn't just to for extra gwap.. hm
Just another great day going down town to see the people should realy help out down there the kids are amazing
#InsantTurnOn when your nice,!
you're amazing. you make us smile everyday just by tweeting<3 tweeting us would make us smile even bigger. probably scream.
Thx - back atcha! RT : #FF -w/improvised narrative works, plays on the spot! #improv films, jams, more!
I know you were the best hotel roommate ever!
Fuck bitches get money they catch feelings n get ugly !
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ . check out my work: youtube --> jayshortt .
I'm sorry, what language are you speaking? It sounds like bullshit.
Why is every #vimeo video I see so goddamn pretentious? It's a film student circle jerk. Moody music and 1080p do not get you into
you at MSET
Atmosphere Salons Danielle Valiente shares Last minute NYE Hair styles....See if one will work for you! Subscribe to her channel for more!
RT The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
But I know Jack Donaghy. He's no Jack Donaghy.
I think I'm just gonna play Sims 3 all day.
Lori was named one of the Dean Dozen during her 2004 campaign for Assembly. Another? in his US Senate race.
WTF Twitter get your shit together
let's have you back soon! :)
Yippee! Freedom awaits. RT Final is done for today. Two more tomorrow and the semester will be over.
Shoutouts to ! they rock!
Sarah Houghton tells of her experience at raising tech literacy of San Rafael Public LIbrary - staff and patrons
Non-linear video editing + real-time collaboration tools = no. Just imagining a shared editing timeline makes my brain hurt.
thank you dear april, don't feel much like a powerhouse tonight but God is forever good.
keep that shot on lockdown <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
But giving it does guarantee that you will get it. But that is good reason to move on.
Went running even though it's such a hot and humid day in LA. I feel better though!
Still going with Utd for the title.
First day back home. Very nice.
Ew. That almost makes me want to cry. Still. Good luck and thank you for your past roaching-killing efforts.
GO Flyers & Kings
Trying to find something to do....ideas?
Proud to have been elected to Board of Greater Sissonville Development Council yesterday... Don'tcha be puttin no extra S in Sissonville now
. points out that Tor (who dropped DRM this week) is subgroup of Macmillan, which is a Big 6 publisher. Movement!
Sick with a nasty case of the flu. Nada on the 180 channels I have so I am watching The Walton's. Good old time fun or I am just very ill
you have to by your own phones
All day, every Monday, I have a "Make me an offer" sale. Make a resonable offer and it's yours. I'll throw in gift wrap too!
I really have to poo right now and this computer just said something about logdump. Not helping.
I think it's funny how we all hav friends comin into town this summer :D
good job mixing tweets.. gold star
check out www.villahol.com, the best villa rental site getting released soon.....
I gotta step my tweet game up
Please, people, don't spell Sjögren's Syndrome without the diacritical mark. It's very important. Please RT.
How's everyone doing? :-)
Thanks! We want to make sure you have plenty of time to make plans for next year. NYC bound!
It's hump day. Get humped everyone.
Good buddy,how are you and the family doing?!! Your boy is getting big!
oh yeah sexy?
Check out the Sweet Shirts we printed for Grambling State University! These shirts started as basic white T n we printed on the entire shirt
I wish I was going to the drake concert.. , wanna take me with ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#thatawkwardmomentwhen some guy starts taking to you about how he saw you at a restaurant last week & you've never talked to the kid before
oh! Got it! Step into the 23rd century. Put away your dell an android, and prepare to make life awesome! And easy...
OH YES SHE DID!
Thinking of making some kind of my own version of coq au vin for dinner tomorrow. I'm really into this cooking thing lately...
Our Drawn Dead Pro will be playing cash at the Bellagio today..wish him luck!
#UWOTitans baseball vs. UW Platteville with myself and coming up at the top of the hour.
#LBNL Sci Data Mgt group seeks summer student (grad or undergrad) for project in data intensive computing, on data mining.
UPS & I are about to fight if they don't get their ass here like now.
Be good to each other, and it will always come back!
We need a Turnover!
nice night for an RFI response...
I don't think I've ever been at work for just 8 hours
I follow back!
#bad news. Someone threw a rock into windshield.
Brian Stone: 97% of U.S. households has a television. Me: I am the 3%!
On a non-bookish note, glad I watched TVD last night. Otherwise twitter would be a dangerous place today.
I guess that's what I get for living near UWM.
Just started 2 learn #python. Need more practice but I really love it so far.
So I heard is mean...is that true ?? I hope not! He seems so funny! Lol
RT IT'S HERE TONIGHT!! THE OFFICIAL PREMIERE KICKS OFF AT 7:00 PM. SHOW IS COMPLETELY SOLD OUT!
:) and that is why I love you
ha! Dude! I am in new Orleans! I didn't even know about it!
aww I wish we could be there!!! I know you'll be super tan though:)
yeah, i hope they go to your city :) you deserve it
Check out the profile with infographic by & in 's latest BePollen:...
been there done that Hahahahaha
Great website, easy to find your strings & order, and good prices!
RT“: I will never understand why some guys feel the need to act like such a dick. and you wonder why you're single?”
Celebrating Labor Day by working, and helping others get work done.
if only I wasn't in my pjs an hour away :(
thinking ahead always saves you time! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
So pumped to play Ohio State Dance Marathon tonight!
Writing educational curriculums - what a world it is, where I can do anything I want.
Fuck Her So Good She Wana B My Customer !
Hey I got two tickets to the corn maze and hayride outside of Madison. Free to anyone with a smile:p let me kno
The biggest surprise tonight so far was learning that Courtney Thorne-Smith has a job
that would be wise, Super Geniuses usually can solve such problems
“: #vsa2011 Picturing Success: Nice to start a session with an audience involvement activity!” I second that!
UofO or Arena League. The rumor of a classic look was so totally wrong.
Can I get a follow back from da king of memphis
hey, i just met u and, this is crazy, but here's my number who sings this song? Lol
Product simulations allow learners to get in on the action from anywhere, any time.
So much hate....so much respect lost
I love my team <3 good job girls
I enjoyed writing it. I just never really expected someone would want to read it. I wish Frank well on the editing.
thanks for the link!
Dan thanks for following us back! Hope u enjoy our #tweets and that you'll party w us soon!
We think it's worth the investment for the convenience it affords us. Thanks loads for your reply!
Hm. The March Madness app for iPad is epic-level cool, but twitter has less of a time lag.
Does anyone know a store that I can find cheap Cleveland Browns or Cleveland Indians bed sheets or c…
#honestyhour I don't have many friends :\
How about politicians focus on rebuilding America before we explore manifest destiny to the Moon. Is Newt serious?
watching some more #PrisonBreak waiting on the dryer to get done. Dang, it's late. lol
Any buzz is online forever but anything in print has a shelf life of a day, week or month -
Rat Race is on.. I love that movie!
Happy birthday, dad! Hope it's a lovely day full of chocolate cake. Sending you a big hug from New York!
I Maybe Young Right Now. But In My Life. I Always Know How To The Truth and Be Wise To My Fam, Myself and Especially To My Bestfriend Right?
The Beatles last night :D
#10ThingIHate putting gas in the car.
Thank you for folliowing Suburban Cowboys!
3 Ways To Attract Quality Men Into Your Life
The icing on the cake is that I'm still in 3rd place in both my pools!
. Somehow that is not a surprise.... knew they would roll out something ......
S/O to all our new followers we fux wid ya the long way!!
haha Daley IS a butt. Tell him I said WHADDUPP.. and thank you! Hows everything at the rock school?
I will have them back out there tomorrow to clean that out.
I'm there for everyone but when I need someone noones there.
Great shoot today!!!!
Damn! R.I.P #DonnaSummer smh!!
RT : $1 Bud Light Taps and all Bud Bottles. All Day!! Stop on in @ Rookies!!
Also, happy Free Comic Book Day (via for participating stores)
#ShoutOut right on for the follow back fam!
it feel so much better outside than n da house
You know its love when y'all dance together for a full song...
Feeling The Best Feeling Ever...<3
The days of living in the #web is closing near... The #Semantic #Internet is going to have A LOT of
The Rattlers never seemed to get on track tonight. V Gray was "dearly" missed
R.I.P. Dick Clarke. TV Legend. :'(
southern guys are the best and no i wont be bored and until that happens id like to be by myself
Dictators are good at throwing blame; the harder they throw the guiltier they are: Control and isolation ae their goal
Sure is!
let's just hope Marquette is ready for the celebration of tonight
Pastor Matt Stevens works with Major Russell to uplift East #Baltimore to improve the community...
its suppose to be a shark
Chesney tonight hope it doesn't rain to much
Thanks for the follow. I hope you'll be able to make it to the premier party on Wed. and take some photos!
In the practice room engineering click tracks for the new album!
Wait, God destroys the fish in *Cleanness* along with beasts and humans? Does Noah's Ark have an aquarium? Does this happen in other texts?
You got what it takes. Now take what you got and make it happen. Let's GO
Welcome aboard... Got big plans for you... MT : I'm the newest member of data journalism blog team for Lee's Editorial Matters.
We need to find a way to highlight the great things happening in MPS to directly confront the disgusting rhetoric.
i really dislike driving my mom around lol she brazyyy yo
This thunderstorm is the perfect weather to watch The Secret Circle!^^
Sorry I haven't been active! I've been resting up for Miami!
It does! I made that promise when I was 3! My sis is a certified lay minister though. Lord knows why...
Talkin to my mama about females. She knows best. No girl will ever take my mamas place.
I had no further observations to make
Clippers play spurs in the next round. Idk who to go for??? I like both teams. It's hard!
Alright, I'm thinking about moving from LakeView to Lincoln Park right near my favorite Whole Foods and Apple Store. North/Clybourn. Yes?
There's 4 people in circle k and the people working here are telling me to wait outside. What the hell
have any Piave in there? :)
Was given flowers today by a stranger... He jumped out his car in the middle of the street, thought I was gonna get robbed!
of course boo :)
Do I really love her? Thats a rhetorical question. (hacked your twitter bro you ow me a solid now)
Bite your tongue. This weather is awesome.
I think you are the best writer at the intersection of Social Media/PR period!
the quiet part is a lie :-* RT : Thanks haha The bad part is though, in reality, I'm quiet and boring -_-
thanks for the great job as MC, I think we made a good team! cc
I Mean Follow Me Back lol : p
Consie throwing his stats at us was comical. Poor kid has a complex
I do Not want to get outa bed this mornin! Im too comfy!!
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win a Membership Pass to :)
Didn't even get points! AND ruined my shirt. Made him give me his tho, he was stuck wearing a vest w nothing on underneath.
God made opposites. He made heaven and hell, darkness and light. He made me smart, and you...
Inspired by , the BFF and fabulous hubby....it's time.
Looking for a flexible school-year program? Get your Passport to Invention and stop on by when it's convenient for you! Visit thebakken.org!
Almost done with classes for the day
RT : your editors are a week behind ours have to be asked to slow down... Of course is the team
Words of advice from The Secret Life of the American Teenager: "Teenage pregnancy in 100 percent preventable. Start talking."
In other news, beware the Ides of March. Or as autocorrect would have me tweet, the idea of march.
but I know your legend, so I'll be sure to areas it's centrality. Is the school attached to the fields?
no I'm not, my followers are each 10 times as cool as hers, so it makes up
5 minutes! New video out!
Anyone else having trouble getting Blogger to publish posts? I seriously have had it with Blogger.
There's way too many awesome for free
I got a story to tell... A lot of confessions to get out.. Too much shit on my chest..
Sleeping brother + water gun = winning!
Ahh I love that movie
Hoping to get fabric today for the quilt along I am going to participate in. So excited. Thinking fourth of july colors.
Sample projects are in the pipeline! Right now we don't have any that use the full suite of plugins ready to share.
Who is this Russell Wilson character?
i dont wanna read this shit. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
PERFECT use of
I know I am.
no thank you!!
Mi Madre won't let me go to the Bull summer float trip. -___-
Thanks Will!
And not just any cakes -- delicious, unique cakes. :)
figuring out why im so lucky.
Who do u thin -__- Fletcher Dummy
Sorry to hear that.
Hahhaa... Well I'm glad I could help:)
Shrimp and Grits from Maguire's=
nah you??
I'll check...I think you can access them for a small fee. Not sure if any will be free.
It was so weird! I mean I'm weird, but that's just unnecessarily weird.
bored nothing to do
Caribou is the Official Coffee of Daylight Savings Time! FREE espresso shot on 3/14 and 3/15, don't forget to set your clocks on Sunday!
so remind me never to go to North Carolina.. bigot asses.
LinkedIn presentation shows how covering communities in a network differs from thinking of a mass audience.
#WorstTimesToGetABoner waiting in line for communion
"Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching." - Randall G Leighton
hey it's not my fault... U better add a caption or two... Lol
Agreed ": Shame on 4 firing as a blogger b/c of a post on his website."
#porchmonkey every day of our lives
Interesting fact: recently there was a diesel fuel spill INSIDE Blow Hall at W&M. Oh, and it was also near the A/C intake.
gotta bring me that shirt tomorrow to practice
Live A Legacy - Jonathan D. Benz : Balboa Press Bookstore | Online Shopping for eBooks, Hardcover Books, Paperback Books via
thanks man! Big game
Pray for priests
im going to las vagas YEAH BUDDY
RT : Just had one of the best small group sessions we've ever had. God is really working in our hearts. #Merge12// Awesome!
So god!
Now watching
aww haha I should of told you:( aw good! Yes thankyouu x
lmao we foolish!!
awww me neither I wanna go so bad!!! Sucks
You don't get it do you? How much I love you..
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!” <U+2015> Audrey Hepburn
I SO love that #Loyola is banning bottled water
LETS GET IT TOGETHER! SUMMER JAM FEST COMING SOON!
the nuances of personal values will be anchored in how they affect almighty jobs more than in almighty anything else
RT : Presentation practice room will be available from tomorrow
I hope I can get back to my music soon
The Book of Mormon for the ride to Vegas... this is awe-to-the-some.
Hmm...why is my macbook telling me to "service battery"? Seems fine to me...
Lent is always a difficult time for Rick astley
Do me a favor and stay out of my mind please? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
We miss you guys too!
Gotcha. Good work.
This what i get for wanting long hair. My mama got my head hurting with these DERN braids too tight.! #MamaMamaMama TsskTsskTssK.!
most certainly!
Make up a car feature that doesn't exist that you really want. GO!
I don't care what everyone says, cramming the night before always works out just fine.
Peggy is giving random handies and Bess Armstrong is handing out LSD. Guess the 60s are hitting their stride.
I like to touch them slowly when I'm bored. it makes me feel less lonely :-)
Actually we had to park at the corner of Roth & Hagar... Ugh
Fun day today, working for Martha Stewart!
very busy lifestyle-working married 2 kids
Still LoL re: aforelinked W. Rooney profile; in seeking any glimmer of insight, like SNL Jeopardy sketches, "name this color...any color..."
Another bullpen meltdown for the Marlins... Brutal night for South Florida sports
we are now.
How can I read this? Any suggestions?
Glad to see CBS is going back to its solid news reporting roots. Are the interns producing tonight 12 or 13?
no we have never had the opportunity to meet
I had a dentist appointment the other day! I had to get my tooth filled ):
is it red?
follow now. 10
Thanks! I'm quite a fan of your site as well!
Map out your future, but do it in pencil.
yeah I know right!? It's crazy
building our bands website, if you want to promote your restaurant, club, or business email me at
I'm to nice to ppl sometimes smh.. oh well going home now
Were so down! How about next week? Schedules over here are flexible tho. will join on our end :)
i miss my friends from en 8..(.....
Thanks for the Klout reference!
Chili's baby back ribs......
#DMCA Ah, I spoke too soon. DVD CCA / AACS LA counsel showing off a recording he made of a DVD using a smartphone camera.
I MISS YOU KELLS!
Winter's Bone... powerful movie, devastating to watch, but great performances... esp. Jennifer Lawrence
Soft relaxing music. Like Frank Ocean and Miguel and The Weeknd. >>>
no clue lol
Next week is a travel week. Maybe week after?
": Even in a happy relationship, #Gemini cant help wondering if someone better is still out there."
I Ran Away With My Imagination. <U+2665>
#FF B4 DRONES VAPORIZE YR SIZZLING GAY DANCE PARTY:
Rainy days like today make me want to curl up by the fireplace with a good book. It is unfortunate that we don't have a fireplace here...
We haven't found one here in El Paso yet. I'm kinda scared to lol
Tonight: Hotel Lights + Andre Costello & the Cool Minors + Cat Atlas at Garfield Artworks 8:00 $8
Had a good night with timmy and zack
if i told myself what happened, I wouldnt believe it.
good luck hosting the #Emmys!! you'll do great!
why is it when you care they don't and when you don't care they do.
Absolutely agree, the Grammy's are awful. Those blues nominations are strong though!
I have my beliefs, idgaf about yours.
www.YouTube.com/WaWantsBieber :)
true Happy Easter!
Dig the trenches, unlock the armory.
A poem is a small (or large) machine made out of words (said Williams)
Thanks for the retweet!
you thought about starting your own coven, but Roch's decided to give you more Sunday hours. Time-and-a-half!
RT : 43Pacers 42Chi at Half. #BULLS fans, It's not 2 late 2 join us for our #GameWatch Specials!
how do chinos run in general, are they just straight leg pants? (only looking through levis cause 40% off)
let.me taste it hoe!!!!
Danny granger is so fuckin gay
If you are a Hobbit or actor : Casting Call for Hobbits - Fri: 11-1 3500 Sports Arena Blvd go to Admin on the north side of bldg
I wish TNT would put their pre halftime post game shows available to steam / listen to on smartphones. Gotta get my Barkley time
thanks for the follow and congrats on the good work
is such a classy boy. I think it's adorable how he is trying to bring back chivalry.
Rick Dipietro just reenacted the mike smith dive for a friend. He broke his neck and is now out for the beginning of next year
who told you my nickname
Enjoyed the Impressionist exhibit today at the art museum. It made us ponder...did women in 19th century, um, trim their hedges?
double agree
Follow She's hot and she's #Teamfollowback :)
": Prediction: Yadier Molina will never open a restaurant in Milwaukee." If he did Dirty Dining would be all over that place!
": You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. Abraham Lincoln"
i wanna meet cody :( Hook me up sonic? :(
Tomorrow changes today - Your decisions are the true creator of your experiences.
Motorcycle weekend here on the panhandle. So many bikers, so many cool bikes. No helmet law in FL.
Is it so wrong to dip fries into pate?...
i see what you did there
A refreshing pint of Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold and a bacon cheeseburger chaser at O'Donovan's.
Make sure you send me necklace before you leave!!! He is still waiting for it!!
In answer to your DM, since I'm showing my jewelry there, I hope its the 2 upcoming shows that will be my faves :-)
Jeez! Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies! Photoshop CS6
nice pass romo
I love girls that wear strictly flats and heels
Lakers series was shocking, Celtics still holding on for dear life. Its a new era in the NBA..
Today feels especially Groundhog Dayish
Up on the 3rd floor slumming? ;)
During Finals/ Reading Period everyday feels like Sunday.
your brother Mitch and I it's super fun fun friday duh!
AUSTIN no one do a dance party in a limo!! Only you #YOLO <3
In-laws gave me a movie-theater giftcard for my bday... Avengers in Imax, 3-D, or 2-D? Too many choices...
call me trick
Austerity measures are a disaster and invite ruinous contagion.
Ugh I am really dragging this morning. It is definitely a #2cupsofcoffee kind of day.
Boozer needs to go!
Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey
Buying a tent... I wanna go camping!!!
Think you can write a great Google Adwords Ad? Write a text ad for our Google Adwords Campaign and win $100 for our next ad. Retweet Your Ad
I don't like coffee
Good Mornin Twitter Mentions Friends Followers Fans Tl n otha ppl Tl
Just for the record, how many shows do you watch?
thank you stranger:p
Ah! SO excited to see my Cambodian tomorrow! It's been #2weeks TOO long. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F>
I'm fading. Bring coffee!
Having a fun trying out different mixes and just experimenting as a dj @ Try Outs private club. I'll be @ Plan B tomorrow!
I'm not doin my job right at all
Our generation will be the weirdest grandparents.
Thanks so much for the follow. Hope we can connect very soon. Have a great weekend!
hello sir!!! Lookin fwd to your next NY gig lemme know!!
If he's not going 2 dye those things, Erick Dampier should at least wear a gray headband to offset his chin.
he's still in the #NFL?
This is the year your home will look its best, serve you in maximum comfort and help you to just recharge.... I can show you how.
"BAGELS! CREAM CHEESE!" Oh #Henry cast, you crack me up.
Some day we'll get it. Or just learn to stop trying. Ha ha ha
how da ear?
Getting ready to join Jeff Santos on his Rebuild America program to talk about jobs & infrastructure.Tune into AM1460 WABQ at 3:43 to listen
LMMFAO YEAS REMY ..!!! Ugh we all need to get together I bet it's gone be the only carry
aww ur so cute ... hahah thx u so much for something u do for me BIT** HE´S MY
omg i am going to be 24 soon how the year go buy wow 24 bro
oh good I feel better now. Felt a little too under a rock for a minute there.
KUDOS! RT : Congrats to our friends at for their carrier of the year award at #NASSTRAC!
Thanks to Seth Grahame-Smith for a great interview with
Love is handing someone a gun and letting it point to your head, believing that he won't pull the trigger.
As soon as Paris gets them from us! ": Haha when will we these in Paris?"
lovin' - are you tuned in?
Austin Is On Air<3
thanks for the follow. If you'd placed your web address in your twitter profile, I'd have been there already:)
hey buddy, DM me your digits pls. Thanks!
Exciting..good luck.
BASTARD POP TERRORISTS VOLUME 14
well now I'm really mad I can't be there. What keg did you score? I'm done at 6pm...where's the afterparty lol
Talk to us about your struggles with lead generation. What are your challenges?
there c:
"Obama's all grey now! Poor baby, Clinton's all white now too."
yeah, I have pro on my laptop. We are in the car & might need to sign something emailed. Scoping my options.
I'm tall for my age I'm 5 foot can anyone guess how old I am
Hey! Have you participated before?
lol yea I know I barely knew anything about what he asked about and I was like I will make it up if I have to!
you talking twitter or LinkedIn? I can do set up or improve on either, but your LinkedIn looks fine.
2. "How did our "Black" boys become girls?"
Anytime someone mentions Office Space or Big Lebowski I quickly brag I saw both in theaters is kind of a character flaw
I've met him/seen him perform he'll be great1 #LaughALatte will have a new host and producer, my dear friend Jason Dudey!!
Trimming orange trees in the sunshine.
Beyonce tweeted one time and has 4 million followers and only following 14 people
Remember, if you tag yourself we'll donate another dollar on your behalf!
You aren't alone...I am too. I'm 33 and that way.
How long until "building and growing Instagram independently" falls by the wayside?
In Yonkers NY at the 15th Annual Regional Conference of Puerto Rican Parade & Festival
Is it a fool's errand to try and collect every Rick Wakeman solo album?
Justin Makes Beliebers Feel Special .
I need to be in a bigger city! :)
The least I could do for such a great cause.
#IfYouReallyLikedMe you would text me back.
- I've noticed that all my creative friends figure out a way to stand out while still blending in. The dilemma of the FI creative.
You are suppose to have hangovers on Saturdays silly
To..nice..out..to ..tweet.
I remind myself of Paris,France
Very welcome. See you at the next Art Basel.
If I let things sit, they'd never get done.
If you are looking for a "Treat" today - come on in for some authentic down home 'Q at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint ! Happy Halloween !!
who wants chocolate oatmeal cookies?
good times homie
Many blues historians are unaware that when Robert Johnson made his deal with the devil down at the crossroads, he used a Scoutmob.
I'm starting to think that deleting my twitter might be a good idea.
Come come beezy! RT Me and Inem long overdue for a visit
Ran 5 miles around uptown Nola in final preparation for 1/2 marathon sun morning. Ready to smash this thing!
lol yea i know but i might come knock yo head in lol
Shout out to you if you on childsupport for a kid that's not yours. Maury will give you a test for free.
What are our fans #jammin to on this BEAUTIFUL day?
i love how we 20 followers already and only had this account for what like a couple of hours lol I love my followers<3
#Np Gucci Mane - Blessing
I love watching YouTube videos of the boys, it makes me happy.
Naps after school are always needed
Wassup !? Just heard #starsareblind @ gym and smiled cuz of U. Is that still on ur playlist? =D
Okay bring it in for the real thing... <U+E412><U+E412> have a good summer! <U+E04A>
Strange matter does have great bathroom art. Art being a relative term.
Took 1st ! Oh yeah ! On my way home now , all star volleyball practice in a few hours ,(:
Just so you know, it wasn't unanimous, I thought was more deserving...bahaha
i wish i could go see you my my mom doesnt wanna tae me :(
here bro
Let's go David Kyles!
Looks like it's going to be a rainy Saturday here. What about where you are?
...And the library is packed. Definitely finals next week!
I call shotgun.
Bwah, hah, hah! RT : forgive #IACPNYC tweets. it's not every day I get 2 go 2 Int'l Association of Chiefs of Police Conf.
Thank you as well.
$ABK looking good! Check this one out!
I mean shud I give a fuck?
Horrible! The printers at work are down. Guess I'll just get paid for doing nothing
Volly empowers the client like never before. Learn more about Volly by calling Advanced Mailing Services at 505-899-3104.
pleasure meeting you at luxe lets get something going for a charity event on a Monday for Monday night football. It will be big
Great! When is your reservations?
I don't call it lying down, I call it landscape mode.
": You can only appreciate the true beauty of something once it's been destroyed." Fucking stupid, Dane. Disappointed.
ha that's rather ingenious :)
WTF... Steve Jobs passed away?
Michael's Deli is one of my favorite spots. Enjoy! They have a great mango chicken salad, though I usually go corned beef.
Berenson: "Some countries--Israel, Netherlands--combine managed competition among sickness funds/insurers with rate setting"
Of course he did. You've met Knicks fans and read their local media, right?
You know what can be cured? Homophobia. (via )
Nothing but broken promises
from the deep reaches of the interweb. I heard that you have a girl friend O.o
Maybe he's just so comfortable with you that he needs a reminder that you're a WOMAN! Dress up real cute and remind him.lol
Having a marvelous day with great company. Only wish mom was here too. Now, time to
Jackson and Sharpton are champions of justice. A bit overzealous at times, but their commitment can never be questioned...
The Great Depression/Arlo McKinley and The Lonesome Sound/Small Time Crooks/Suicide Pact at The Mad Hatter November 27th! Seriously
Lots of talk about SNL after News4 RT:“: Sat by her (Sophia Vergara) in LA at an awards show. She had me at "Hola"
Change is coming!
I can take a look if its not much. Im on a small vacation this weekend
I thanked motion sensor lights for turning on for me. My brain has officially turned off.
...they never were...it was always big government...
Consecutive 150 point weeks in fantasy...
thank you for the mention the other day
Uggh of course the day I wanna see she's camping:P
Almost time to get off
Accumulations will be light and remain on grassy and elevated surfaces. The roads temperatures are too warm to support the falling snow
lol i remember
I'm sorry we don't have any connections to Emily..we are only a fansite that supports the show. Sorry
homeless when the" BIG QUACK "comes! Like my plan for "Camp Freedom, on the corner of 16th and 7th and Hubbell
We just returned from the NY Int'l Gift Fair! Translation: Lots of great product will be coming to the museum store this spring!
"If you aren't a city where people want to live, you're not a city where businesses want to invest." -Mayor of Chattanooga
Yes, apt adjective - did Ira do his Mick Jagger on drums impression again? That was a highlight & Gravel Pit cover!
Spent all my life waiting for a moment to come.
XBox Deal, Day 11 = Gears of War 3 deals
Last game of the season tonight.
Layed up with my son <3
Great first period #Pens! Let's keep up the good work.
Insecurity is such a waste of time. Either embrace your flaws or fix them
I feel ugly. I feel unloved. My grandma passed away...can this day get any worse, or...?
I've been super busy and sleep deprived and I can hear my bed calling me! Well ttyl, take care Angela, have a good night :)
Thankful that I have a mother who will call to make sure I'm awake for finals, even after I've moved out
I'm watching all the Careless World episodes & I can't wait for the #carelessworldtour it's gunna be crazy!! straight getting it 2012.
Thanks 4 the Follow Friday props - we agree it's going to be a great panel & Summit! Big Apple, here we come
No, I bought it. Now what do I do?
Like bitch please !
Phone may not make it thru Canadian Border Crossings session at #GenieFair2012, but it's been a great day
Sometimes I forget just how good the "Social" part of social media can feel.
I'm running that one too! I'm getting a group to run every Saturday at 7:30 at lapham. Feel free to join!
thanks for RT
The city traffic is brutal today. Safe travels! See you at
im sobummed because when you come to Houston I won't be able to make it because I have cheer practice):
Can't wait to see what Skip has to say!!
Spiral spiral down the stairs falling into a room ful of fears You think you have it all w/in reach Til you miss the breaks crashbangscreech
Was woken up by the birds singing....yes, it is going to be a wonderful day! Good Morning Everyone!
I'm attending the MBA Expo in Orlando next week. I'm looking forward to meeting new people and seeing old friends. Will you be there?
I'm in a Disney bus being tortured by endless Disney ads.
Is it better to wear your glasses in a photo and have that "smart" look, or go without and be who you are?
I'll still take #bisping in this fight
my concentration is British mod fiction so I only have room for a token Faulkner. I'm getting more votes for S&tF
The battle for control and leadership of the world has always been waged most effectively at the idea level. An idea, whether right or
nah. Changed my mind.
A food processor and better storage are the practical answers. Dream answer: espresso machine & granite counters.
follow me?
Passed 42K words on 2nd draft of novel! Have CRAZY goal to finish draft before Labor Day.
yo why can't I follow u? It says forbidden.
I completed mine too! I can't wait.
why so hot?
word. i need to check out the site. def have had some ideas in my head that might make for good posts if i can focus them.
Show tonight at The Tiki Bar in Costa Mesa!
Finished with clips for now. At grange. They're playing lots of Jackson browne.
I really enjoy my soccer team. Go Oranges.
new PUMPKIN SMOOTHIE! Like drinking pie out of a straw! Looks like another beautiful day... grab a cool drink while it's still warm outside!
I thoroughly enjoyed DARK SHADOWS.
And if our God is with us, then what can stand against?!
yea why can I not anymore
I have a feeling that is going to be an amazing mom and I'm so stoked for her!
Clearly, we've not met. Hi, I'm Deesha...the last time I was skinny, I was 5.
the only way to save the #Oscars right now is to find James Franco and give him a microphone and a bottle of Jack.
Trust no one
8k run around the beautiful Capitol building. No supplies collected.
Happy Easter! Fantastic job and a standing ovation to Charles Osgood, a perfect salute to holiday traditions on the piano
yes, and if you can dance, we may give you a chance to be in it. stay tuned.
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I love to watch football, soccer & basketball!!
This wk we're treating the ladies to free drinks till midnight #FatTuesdayReloaded "Ladies Night" edition!!
she should have married Screech!
What happened to Rivera?
Locked in the locker room...
At me though RT : #oomf is a slut.
great news. I've thought about applying for an ISGI fellowship from time to time.
We didn't mean to unfollow, glad you said something. THanks!
aww - hugs to kitty and commiseration to you.
I accidentally woke up to go to work
I'm so bored right now
good night(:
imagine if Blake Griffin had any post moves.
and it's why the Packers will not win another SB under Thompsons leadership. Sad to say but likely true
When is the UT bistro/cafe going to open? Let's meet there for lunch soon!
Stop making excuses and justifying certain actions. If you make a mistake say your sorry, then rectify the situation --Brian Tracy
Baby i thank god and just for bringin me in it feel's good just to get away from the life i lived feel me
What if Mitt beats Obama. What do we end up with. Obama in white skin.
This is funny: Go to Google Maps, Get Directions, put Taiwan as your starting location and put China as the destination. Then read step 24
Lovely- TY Marilyn. Where would we be w/out #eHow? Going to look up how to post-humously update FB status.
I wish we could take off and go anywhere but here , baby you know the deal<3
Same to you! Enjoy your day, and see ya around Lifetime!
Do either of you know off hand when they count absentee ballots and/or a feel for trends within them historically?
Too early for this but gotta get it
exactly. There has to be a way to get certain things, besides just gifting
To all of you who made tonight as much fun as it was, we would like to thank you! Can't wait to do it again.
ugh why am I so perfect
It's amazing what a difference a walk makes.
Why r u upset?
Idk, I have no idea. Which is the same idea as most people. We've never seen him play in the NBA.
heh, following has taught me to thoroughly vet any link sent my way.
Thanks brotha! RT : that's a sick ass cd nice job
Week of the Justice Ball...expecting another 500 tickets sold before Saturday...can't wait for the party
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
So, I'm supposed to behave (always do).
It's a Venture Bros. reference. one of the show logos has the brothers forming a V in the nose.
Hanging with him tomorrow after sol's. <33333.
We just need FB users to "VOTE" for us. It is very simple and easy...plus the voters don't get harassed! link should be posted
You look like chewbacca & Sasquatch had a baby, the baby took a shit,that shit was blinded in a knife fight,moments before styling your hair
HBO canceled "Luck." Should I still try to catch up with Season 1, or should I just move on?
Volquez is at 76 pitches after 5.0 complete. Marcum is right there too. Someone's going to blink. #Padres v
is currently working on the Exterior Rendering of Raphael's Prime Steakhouse, here in Long Island, New York..
IT'S Fishy Friday!! $10 buckaronies will git you fulled up on Salmon or Tilapia! Giddy Up!
well damn... This is awkward
“: going to a frat party #tweet”
Why does everyone get out earlier than us shit I'm just ready for summer
I'm a bad girl.
I can't wait too get home.
it was wonderful, it was magical, it was everything i've waited for, a miracle.
I don't love em, I don't chase em, I duck em. <U+E420><U+E402>
Minecraft doesn't strike me as a tablet sort of game. I'd snap the thing in half after I walked into my own lava pits.
K going upstairs in 5 minutes. School is shit but it's Friday
In everything the ends well defined are the secret of durable success.
favorite what
Sorry won't be posting parts today having health issues
This. Read the audience. MT it's rare that I learn anything from a postshow that I didn't learn during the performance
Dear Tigers, quit playing games with my heart.
#Blackhawks and #Coyotes going to OT for the 4th straight time. Gotta love the
I think teacher and parent expectations and then allowing the child to do it go a long way toward successful self-regulation.
I twittered your old lady's Facebook at Myspace last night.
Happy Easter! We hope that you have a day filled with family, fond memories and joy! Hop Hop Hippty Hop!
FINALLY the MK7 Update is available!
Not even failure.
yes whore cant sit too fast I'm preggo I may slip lol
Who wants to be a Super Hero? New Western Chief Raingear is now in at Sydney b. Batman, Superman, Hello Kitty and more.
fly back with the team??
Today my niece called her frosted flakes tornadoes. I told her to use her rocket ship (the spoon) to eat them. She did not eat them.
bahaha, I got scared for a second!
LOL! Please let me know if you find them!
aw sparky is such a star
I'm considering walking over 1,000 miles for charity; probably wont ever happen, but what an awesome thought eh?
I'm tired my eyes burning. nd told me it would lmao ' #curse u #honey lol
Just sent you a DM bro... Hit me back!
Your youtube marketing videos should only be 2-3 minutes maximum with a call to action!
You're amazing on GLEE
Such a great name.
Yup, we can hear you chattin' about 'pulling out' ;)
Im the most distracted person ever
- What are you paying people to write the dribble on your website?
Thanks very much for retweeting me...got 10 more on this one :)
Lucky duck! ;)
Didn't get to run into you last night, but loved the show! It was the best show of the season! Looking fwd to !
blondie - I touch myself :)
haunting verisimilitude.
I made my self a bowl of cereal today :D but when I went to the refrigerator to ger milk guess wat there was no f***in milk :D
You're welcome! Have a great weekend. :)
New albums, by anyone.
When I'm alone, I think of so many things to say to you, but when I have a chance to tell you, I don't say a word.
RT : Tried reduced-fat tomato basil soup Fantastic...can't tell a difference in taste!
She makes me feel kind of funny. Like when we used to climb the rope in gym class.
Hate sucks Rosie in any form! Think of the bullying you're doing!
I confuse and Brad Pitt all the time but Cee Lo is lots hotter!
thanks for the inspiring talk at NYU. Digging the mixtape
.. umm it's the AVX it's so loud, the mom already had the kid in her lap & it's only the previews. Way too loud for a little 1
Are you defending today? Good luck!
MUST try! RT : Decided to get a slice of strawberry rhubarb pie to go from this afternoon. Best decision of the day.
check out
BRINK ORLANDO....TONIGHT...FREE COVER w/ GRINDR APP!....OPEN BAR 11-12!!...I start spinning at 10 in the disco!...
:)!! you're the best
Practice was good today ..I got all the moves right! :D
Just 2 more hours until our Flames of War tournament at the store....Don't miss it!
...that would be pretty hypocritical, so I will leave that one to you.
hey! which one should I follow?!?
You should do more 4 man tournaments to fight for the belt...
"You've got to have some hood in you to be a great player." -Charles Barkley " lmao
ok it's next fri Starts at 7 here by my house. Team has to split $100. Then is $15 all you an drink. You both in?
Can you imagine a Six Feet Under-esque finale for GG? No dying, but all time-lapse awesome?
can you link me to that, was actually just looking to get one of those
My 19-month-old chants bruins & claps/high-5s me @ every goal. Could I love her more?
Aw yeah, Heat beat the Lakers.
#Deuces my #Tweeters gotta head to school to take some more tests #UGH BYE!
Made it out alive...now on light rail headed south of denver :)
Wow... AOL stock up 43% asfter they sell a slew of patents... pretty sure that does not make AOL more valuable long-term
why u just now following me
Starting to understand why those old people don't like kids so much (-______________________________-)
I'm gonna find out after taks tomorrow follow up
Dear Chicago: I'm impressed by the 67 degree weather you're pulling off today. Not many cities can wear 67 in March the way you can. Bravo.
unicorns exist, I've seen em
Going through and reading past tweets makes my heart hurt and makes me thin WTF. -.-
yes in two weeks on Boston Street by the M&T bank building
You never know what you have till its gone....
Having trouble connecting to the site. Is it down?
Winter finally decided to come out of hibernation in the NE. Mother Nature, quit messing around. Your performance review is soon.
so sad I missed you!
Tired, my brain hurts, my mind can't take anymore. Good Night to all!
i. love. You... Please reply
I love it when I wake up to birds chirping with the sun shining. Then I check the temperature and it's only 45 degrees outside #wtf!
If they're going to argue with that Bible bullshit, riddle me this: "For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil..
Bernie Mac Show
damn thats scary
me just hangin with friends and having fun chloe moretz makes life better when all is lost not sayin me im fine you get it @
Community's been a big part of me in recent years. I'd have girls I date watch it & I'd be excited about it.
Thanks for the recommendation, Kristen! Hi ! Where are you looking for a new apartment? :)
Got em..One of my faves.
My dashboard is getting rave reviews!
Do the #Celtics lead the league in AARP cards? Go #Cavs!
I want to manage a super group with Jon B, Robin Thicke, and Justin Timberlake. We'll make all the money.
shoutout to for mentioning all those people.
Henderson: If we don’t educate all children – and educate them well – our future as a nation is in serious jeopardy
#nisoEbook Holzman costs to publish quality ebooks is NO CHEAPER than publishing quality pbooks
Consider an #alarm for your home to reduce your #insurance & provide safety for your family Its like getting to paid to keep you & fam safe!
We (Men & Women) talk the most shit & mistreat each other but truth be told neither can live or exist without one another
das ya lunch?
It's spring break here, so there's no reason for this nonsense. I blame Daylight Savings Time for throwing everything off!
's new single If I Ruled The World is now available on iTunes who's got their copy of IIRTW? :)
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; after that, to enjoy it. Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.
Stop by booth 1817 and learn about Summer Reader ! Demo begins in five minutes!
(commencing interweb search for "something corporate" ...)
Should be an interesting day for the internets. This is largely untested territory - still not sure how #SOPA & #PIPA would be enforced
Word?? So it's a staring contest we got going on
LOL. I need to bottle that ish then. LOL.
you did have a big win!
I desperately need a new firesuit. Sprint could send me one. I'd wear it with pride
Absolutly! Stay tuned from now until the block party for key rules and safety tips. We <3 safety.
OMG where is my hw...I am freaking out!
#SUPPORT song (Find my way)! t.co/lH4TZHe , (RT) if you like THx! :D Verified
Thanks so much for the mention. Appreciated with gratitude. Have an awesome weekend!
Just cussed out my dad
can't answer your dm because you're not following me
Making these s/ o what up
Thank you Jesus, for pouring out your blood and dying on the cross for me and everyone else in the world. I pray all ppl come to know You :)
I honestly feel like I'm the only person on twitter that wants Ubaldo to do good lol.
oh wow! Shit!
It's marjoram, mother fucker.
In relationships: 1) Don't lie. 2) Don't cheat. 3) Don't make promises you can't keep.
Can't sleep. Second night in a row.
I'm down
Bulls are done!
It's a hot one out there today! What's everyone listening to?!
Tues is Burger Night! Get 5 Sonic Burgers for $5.95 total after 5PM. Now that is 1 heck of a deal.That's $9 in savings only@ 8212 Liberty Rd
Finished over the weekend, music video for our 1at original dance track! Stay tuned to see finished product.
Every morning!! “: Raise your hand if you woke up next to a leprechaun.”
but is it GANGSTA
If today was your last day here on earth, would it matter that it was Monday? Live today fully for tomorrow is not promised.
I didn't get tickets :(
I hate this bitch is together with JB
RT : It's official: will sing 'Sonetti d'amore' at the SAM's Michelangelo exhibit on 1st Thurs in Jan.
when you know you do your best, fuck the rest /highfive
Jar Jar Binks! That made me laugh out loud
Fair enough, but if you ever do just know that you'll be in good hands. We do love our bevvies over here :)
On my way to Vegas!!!
Elbows are a very silly thing. Kinda like black people.
I am more sore than LIFE is LIFE. lol.
You guys ever do any crazy shit your senior year?
Simulating maneuvering through a crowd in class, great prep and plan b practice for neuro rehab
what's the tdem conference?
If you could add one hour to your day today, what would you do with it?
A Westlaw Bootcamp session is being held tomorrow from noon to 1:00 in Room 213. Attend and brush up on your online research skills!
I get the point, but without a common focus what will be accomplished? Seems like a bunch of people that want free pizza.
sounds good, that is what i'm trying to do is get the word out. Got over 2000 followers which is pretty good i think.
Yay! New episodes of my latest addiction, #storagewars!
@ NYU in class now!
What lasts longer - world cup fever or bieber fever?
He's leaving <U+E413><U+E403>
My TV has died. RIP 2004 Daewoo non-flat screen, old school television. Time to step into this decade I guess! Lol
. You aren't living life to the fullest if you don't pick up some scars along the way.
it likes to swim
Except for you!
see you then.
San Fran (y)
Dispute over Dallas Arts District office building's sign request goes to City ... - Dallas Morning News (subscription)
I work Thursday!
#TIL a marijuana user is arrested every 37 seconds.
Driving me crazy not being able to talk to Jamie. Please pray for him, his crew, and all those in West Liberty who were effected yesterday.
Anybody on?
-- sure helped my fantasy football teams this week!!!
Thanks! Please let us know if we can help you visualize your research papers in an infographic.
be patient for your wedding gift!
Give Your Boob A Break- Demi Lovato
It was great! Let's go soon <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A3>RT : that's my favorite sushi spot ever. Used to take on dates there
Questions we should ask: Why do the businesses still have their employees' salaries frozen? Why are there no salary raises?
I want shesha.
Watching the #RHONJ reunion and the #RHOAReunion. Excited to film the
I'm just beepin for the simple fact that there's beeps
it's a legendary chair with a short, but storied history.
Thought OchoCinco retired last year. Interesting.
I think you may be able to pitch this as a new sitcom to follow
If u lost yo virginity to ur finger............Follow me,n I'll follow u
God thing my car decided to kick the bucket today...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
My 3rd & last #FF is #Cloud #Computing Concepts #BocaRaton ~ A BIG announcement coming!!
God is active in me now. I am whole and well!
NAP TIME!
Best customer support ever .
Busy helping learning about LLC vs. nonprofit status, pros and cons. Can anyone help with this? Best to All!
Hope u dig he tunes and the video. Please help us spread the word. We gotta find these guys. Best & success.
Blood blood blood blood blood!
Sure *signed* Mr.B lol
I don't way a dictatorship; I want democracy. #99% are just modern day share croppers for the corporate controlled "government".
Enjoying a #Founders All Day IPA in 60 degree weather good way to finish work.
Need topic ideas Corporate Meeting, PM Summit, etc? Or already have a topic but need facilitation? Call me for ideas 978-649-8299
This month is our 16th Anniversary! To celebrate, we're giving 16% off for the rest of March...there are a few days left to take advantage!
Watching Horrible Bosses, horrible movie!
what horses..
Nice, sounds like a good night!
man before or after? Advil then bro
Patrice Bergeron is at the #Bruins morning skate, missed practice yesterday.
I'm sleepin wit da wooley... I'm gettin all my days in
following lots of mahomies :D <3 We're one craaazzy family but I love you guys!
Joke: Wife said “Honey, take me someplace expensive.” Husband took her to the gas station… L<U+263A>L! !!! By
speak the truth bitch.
Do you have any idea what's happened to Joe Sheehan? I miss hearing from him. I hope he's OK.
NCAA&#39;s Emmert: Coaches being held more accountable
Adam, your welcome. Thank you for the follow as well.
Thanks for the retweet. It's amazing how many times I see Yelp as the first search result-especially with restaurants.
“: Why do folks by Lil skinny jeans just to sag them?”right
MT : Rick Perry's ad has 376 likes on YouTube. It also has 12,253 dislikes. What to measure, what to meausure?
Would consider Starship Troopers. Other ideas?
I'm on a roll
Do you guys auto-DM people that follow you? I don't currently, looking for thoughts on that.
We have a couple of tickets! get in contact with us if you want them!
how are you & Derrick
you don't know-oh,oh you don't know you're beautiful!
Thanks for sharing!
Can't Get No Satisfaction? You know what The Stones have to say about it, but what about the Bible? Chk it & see! centralonline.tv
“Try to expect nothing, but be open for anything
U of Louisville, working w/10 high schools, convert to PESC XML standards to transfer transcripts directly from HS to college.
Just laying here satring at the ceiling my thoughts are racing
: new technologies create new opportunities for GLAMs but also more competition for attention
I watched only one NBA playoff game this year. Picked the best one. LeBron may have gone to South Beach, but his talents? Not so much.
I wish I can relate love songs to someone.. Lonely life. Lmao.
some people just can't see the good people in their lives & how necessary they are to be a good person.this is why people need friends.
What a looooonnnnngggg day. I keep saying that things will lighten up soon so maybe next week is the week it happens!!!
I agree ! First weekend is the best 4 days in sports ... for me :)
Let's get this W
I alphabetize by album. Tell me how you feel.
lmaoo. I like them all the same
Go to www.watchnhllive.com and register to gain access to all the hockey games you want and need live online everyday for free enjoy!!!!!
#finallydecember!!!! Even though I hate the cold. it's time for a snuggle buddy!! :))<3
does your husband work out at mountainside fitness? I sometimes see a guy there who looks a lot like him so i wonder if it is
Holy smokes, the libraries have some new items! If you want to know what they are, you have to visit
Wow I have the Food Network Following me!! Thank you what a privalege.
u always in some shiit,lol
Apparently spicy mexican food and celery smell like 's BO......
lol not exactly... yet haha but at least you tried unlike my other 49 followers!
Labor Sec Solis thinks the employment policies are working? Millions of other Hispanics would disagree.
It sounds like the big sports signer was Trenni.
I use to get east HD too and they just changed it! Now I can't have my oc date with you till nine! :(
haha uh oh! And it's been crappy weather lol. We have to go out in Memphis when I come down to see my dad. I've never been!!
my alarm is 's cover of You Got It Bad. Soo pretty much my day starts off amazing every day. <3
Awesome! Well make a shirt available for you since you'll be at TH!
Dear Justin Beber, just when I thought you a real live boy...you come out with a perfume for girls. :-)
seems like I'm getting a cold! damn!
Manchester Derby kickin off! Who do you like? Let's hear some predictions..
I Don't Really Care what you think about me.
My fantasy closers have dropped like flies. Axford will be next to go and then I'll be out of them. And good riddance, who needs closers?
10/8/2010 How the Grateful Dead Pioneered Viral Marketing The Daily Feed (Minyanville)
Chicory chicory bok. It's almost ten o'clock. Yeah, Friday night grocery shopping.
#SOTU OH NO TALKS OF BRIDGES? hmm.. Bridges to nowhere?
I woulda gone to prom if coulda been my date
Hollins has to be pissed with all these turnovers
Kids eat Free Tonight Feed them quality food at ZUZU for Free!! 2 kid meals free per 1 adult platter or equal value. Happy Hour 4:30-6:30pm
for sure man, what cameras are you shooting with?
all these hot guys keep following me
Check us out online at @ www.brotherapparel.com and see how we are trying to change the future of a school in Kenya.
Have written an awesome children's pic book-Has really great feedback-please let me know if you are/have contacts of good agent/publisher
#soaddictedtotumblr it's not even funny XD
You know I love that place! I wish u were here too :-( “: Sorry! I just left Zea's.. I wish I was in ATL with you..”
johnny depp is so hot in cry baby
lolol I just love that song.
I wish Justin would get on i want to talk to him ;)
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you...but trusting them not to.
imma not be a twwet whore soo imma log off for the rest of the month
Because momma Sarah made them name it Tripp
the uniontown hotties want me to step up my fashion (jeans & t-shirts) so I'm thinking of adding an ascot
It helps :) re: Thank u 4 listening 2 my rant bout #HuluPlus folks. Not usually usually so vitriolic.
Best Buy does price matching! Download the Red Laser app and you get lower prices!
Who told Ron that Candyland was actually called chess?
The hand that tied the hand.
#JustinWeneedLatinGirl RT !! come on girls !! :D
Love is the immortal flow of energy that nourishes, extends and preserves. Its eternal goal is life.
even better! Haha! When are the boys gonna get back to training?! They knew they were being annoying and actually bought our dinner!
In 40 years, the nonprofit sector has not taken away any of the market share from for-profit sector
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
There are more things in heaven and earth, #IDAHO, Than are dreamt of in your acronym.
I am thinking Flow Tribe, Glen Hansard, The Stooges Brass Band, Dumpstaphunk, capped off by the lovely Esperanza Spalding.
the industry demands quality records. You can expect to get a record deal or distribution if your quality is less than industry standard
bummed I missed the show. But was feeling the "tuesdays just aren't good for rock" vibe from afar.
#ripJoePa your legacy will live on forever. Your accomplishments will never be forgotten.
chopping carrots for an order of slobber snaks for one luck pooch..#luckydog =)
Thanks, man. I hope Monday is good to you as well.
Unique beauty,comfort,wearability,versatility are my goals for all my creations-I also like for them to hold up well with common sense care
Get Bryzy with it!
Dating your Ex again is like buying your clothes back from Goodwill. There's a reason you got rid of it in the first place.
you wish
How peculiar.
Great endeavors start with a dream & blossom with a plan! What's yours?
My girlfriend's baby bunnies died. :'( its always the sadest thing to deal with when a pet dies.
I love when my grandparents come into town. This homemade breakfast, lunch and dinner could defiantly last! Lbs
One tiny little confidence can completely destroy most unreserved faith!
Learning music together also gives kids a chance to make friends with people from backgrounds different from theirs.
Wow. At this point Internet Explorer will do anything to get people to use their browser again.
You in your feelings to much...
Watching the matrix with the family(:
haha, the bow is a nice touch
It's been an absolute pleasure! Nice of you to comment.
There is nothing like grooving to Madonna on your birthday!!!!
I wish I had dimples :) it would be so cool to have some.
I peel an orange and get ready to eat it. Then my phone rings. Then the home phone rings.
Enjoying hot tea + trader joes sea salt brownie petites. Perfect form of comfort after being splashed with a puddle by a cab.
Only watching the Laker game voluntarily on tv tonight to see the Nerd on TV, sitting behind the Laker team courtside. LOL
yet another cool doodle from google today.
I don't think that's legal.
QT : That call was ridiculous. I hate how much power referees have sometimes.(You better chill before you catch a fine!)
Listenin to sugar ray since the suns out
your going now!???<U+263A>
All #Cowboys, #Giants, #Eagles and #Redskins fans, follow , B/R's new NFC East lead blogger.
Welcome to future Georgetown Hoyas! Come learn about GERMS at our GAAP Open House! Today 1-4pm in VCW Suite 206 - See you there!
Guy just handed in his final paper and told the professor, "I forgot to save before I printed that out. So... Don't lose that."
come play with peyton
let's go to it!
By that he, I mean Tony!
Via keynote #MCF2012 Companies cannot grow through cost reductions alone.
With 5 of 17 precincts reporting, Mineral Point Schools referendum has 117-65 votes in favor
"The madness which has taken almost complete possession of him is clearly stamped on his face."- GOLD
Nothing about us without us.
good to see the block has been lifted now hah
It wouldn't surprise me.
They overshot the runway
no tornado, no hail only snowing in Santa Fe NM this morning
seriously, the way ur eyes look in the #clarity video gives me chills. #mesmorizing <3
I HOPE U KNOW IM ALL ABOUT MY PAPER LIKE A RESUME
Going back with your EX is like taking a shower n putting back on the same dirty clothes .
RT : STUCK IN THE 1880S AGAIN <STOP> EXPLAINING TO A KID WITH POLIO THAT RICH PEOPLE IN THE FUTURE DON'T LIKE VACCINES...
All the time, but I prefer to decipher them on my own.
Thanks to and for leading the DH and Libraries session!!
This Friday the party is at for 4PLAY with the gentlemen.
Congrats on the new gig. Would love to get together and hear how it goes!
Aaaww, with such heartfelt concern for employees by provide suits and sanitzer, this isn't just a job, it 's like family!
Correction: I HATE when im right when i know its going to happen.
are you still giving away tshirts for pics?
#SometimesIWonder if cats have a sense of time. I have read that they only remember most stuff for 7 seconds. Sounds like an LSD trip
Driving lesson for the next two hours
So today this girl goes "You know whos hot?" and im ike "Who?" and shes like "Austin..." SHE DIDNT know his last name. And im like-
They're all great so far. Donald & Peta are our favs so far.
: if all goes well, #freebase #gridworks will be released in a week.
Dog walker? Check out this! www.watchunleashed.com
Ergo baby carrier discount Is Equally well | Ergo Baby Carrier
Rory is hot.
Maybe there's hope for Lindz? Maybe the spoilers are wrong? We can always hope?
It's all unbelievable.....
This is a big game for #IvanNova. The #Orioles are a pretty good hitting Club and if he hangs it, the ball might fly.
Are you going to this?
The Judge that came in to give a "pep talk" is a real downer.
SO MS.CANDY WHAT DID YOUR NIGHT CONSIST OF LADY
RT RT : I'm an Okie and I'm Darn Proud to be One. RT this if you aren't ashamed to admit you LOVE #Oklahoma!
It's 12,993 more than we had listeners! haha RT : That's more than we had for our morning show.
Let's all start the week right (and left) :D
Don't lose who you are, in the blur of the stars.....Don't forget who you are because of the glitz and glamour
Is there anything I'm supposed to be voting for today?
Just watched Mothers Day!!You were fucking great in it!!Such an intense and insane film!!!Absolutely loved it!!! :)
Thinking I want to head to ChinaTown 2morrow for the NewYear, anyone have good dinner suggestions or tips in general?
There are some nice Todd ornaments on this fake holiday tree
I think I'm going to do the Mac & Cheese.
For all its flaws, I would feel safer to have my children grow up in a world dominated by the United States than by any other country.
": I know what doing today. Haha" what you talking bout Willis?
- Have fun! I miss working there... such a great bunch of people.
#cisummit audience on top of due dates that rick gilfillan forgot. Teehee
Bored at work. I'd rather be boned at work.
Co-sign. RT The balance of "how we did it" and "what we found and what it means" is often critically off in presentations.
Cinema time film name : mission impossible Ghost protocol by tom Cruise
Nobody expects the spanish inquisition
Correction-"co-writing"RT : Kudos 2 ArtistLink songwriter 4 writing Tara King's new song
Learn more about our services and #dentistry in general at our website: www.kravitzdental.com
yupp fa sure!!! new orleans,louisiana.. wbuu?? -anna
#hungergames countdown is at 40 hours and ticking..
I've been laying in bed with my eyes closed for over an hour.
Today mom comes no more fun for us
Viejas Arena is blowin up right now. SDSU vs UNLV about to start with
Thanks & welcome So many fun thoughts!
Al This Damn Facial Hair And I Dont Act My Age .....
Yeah, I thought about giving it a shot, but I'm under the weather anyway... all I need is to barf green Kombucha.
sigh... cant find my wallet....
They are! & Librarian#1 was so mad she almost didn't come back from lunch! (she's also one of the many applying for the job)
Did dis bitch jus say texted ugh.
Been enhancing game design with a little help from my friends (well, paid friends) Staggering amount of work to go.
I can't wait to read what's new with you!
Good game, Germany! Too, bad Müller wasn't allowed to play the last game. Y'all should be playing tomorrow....
Has the Hideous Terrier issued a public statement on BHO's #waronwoofs ?
400 miles is the average life span for most running shoes. If you run about 12 miles per week, replace shoes every eight months or so.
What the is going on around here? Do we really need an infinite number of social networks? Should I build one, to?
According to twitter, attachment parenting makes a lot of male comedy writers hard. What a bunch of perverts!
Q3 What makes a good (successful) student entrepreneur?
I believe it! I'm so 'cited for y'all :)
I was thinking you missed me and then I checked my tweets and realized my congrats was never sent. Congrats. Well done indeed
Today my stretching and workout training has begun. I'm getting ready for the Brewers Minor League Team layouts in July
and who wanna hear bout ur dry pussy at 10am? But look im off this Twit shit... Have a fun filled day, u started mine off lmao
the bare winch project
I got your text earlier. Haven't responded cuz I was w a friend. My b.
We must all be thankful & grateful we have baseball. We owe it to hundreds of pro baseball players who are now in the armed forces. [1944]
i have more black then mexican LOL
A cover letter writing cap is just a funny hat with a sign on it that says "Cover Writing Cap" It is inspirational.
Also, give a call to pledge if you dig Andy Turner's show. Awesome every single week! 414.799.1917!
yeah, dad has already butt dialed me like 4 times
Cool. I just watched the International Space Station fly literally over my house. The night light was perfect!
Thanks for the mention yesterday. Policy & compliance features will be a must for some big industries.
NEEDS SOMETHING 2 DO!!! ASAP!!.
You idiot.
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
The rain has stopped and Serena looks FOCUSED!
We will be distributing starting in about 2 weeks to a few places in Center City. We'll keep you posted.
Communication is the most important thing. Also, you and your partner will change. You have to change
Gas for your car - 3.48
a strong black woman is a woman who has weathered many storms without losing the goodness of her character
Please, please, please follow me, I'll die and if you follow me... Guess what? I love you, without you I die you are away!
Why does the worst happen to me ... :/
you are too funny. Lol. I agree with you though....
“: lol I feel your pain...thank goodness I live alone!” - what are you talking about Kelly?
true that RT Making a magazine may be anachronistic but it's really fun
It's called a cocks comb.
Thanks for letting us come out and kick it around with y'all. Looking forward to the next game!
I'll tell you tomorrow
damn I hope I find it fairly fast ... Are they big rooms?
thanks :) for trying to help me
Tate looks a little nervous walking down the hall to the arena... uh, oh!
Black Friday, Anybody on here shopping today?
It is so much worse than I thought...
he makes my stomach feel happy,,
RT : tickets on sale. Use code BLACKDOG to save $2 off the regular price. Tickets available at...
yes, my little sister is 6, and when my NEW sister comes into the world, ill feel very sorry for her
Not impressed at all with the #OSU Cowboys so far.
I really wish would do something to minimize all the scavengers going through the bins. I've counted up to 5 each morng. TOO many!
First rehearsal in the space!
were from the Beacon and Poughkeepsie area about an hour north of Manhattan
#ThingsweallLOVE just being happy!!
I hope what happened to whitney is a warning of what can come to you. Tread lightly and be well
Umm, why not Merriweather Post Pavilion?
You know what I like? Things on walls. If you've got walls, find things and hang them on your walls.
follow me back.. hope all is well sir!
&rArr; Very Nice Ring Shaped Wand Metal Detector Watch them back
Cataloged the crap out of monographs this week, and loved it.
Watched "The Town" on VOD last night for the first time. Awesome film & acting talent, across the board!
I THINK YOU MAY NEED TO GO AND REMOVE MY COMMENTS...I WAS A BIT TOO SILLY...WHOOPS...F/S...
Great day Kerry! “: Yup!! End of another productive day with grill in Bellevue
this girl got me in a funk...
C-A-T-S cats cats cats
Milwaukee, Wisconsin! Always have, always will be a #Patriots fan!
I wish I could lose $2b of ppl's money and still getting paid $23m
Instacast is *so* much better than the iTunes podcast manager.
Well thanks babe!! RT : lucky u sexy. Otherwise....lol
I certainly wasn't thinking if your photos when I said that the "natives" were talking back in this case.
At Lakeside Amusement Park for the first time in probably 20. Still as classy as I remember it.
They ask me what I see in you and I smile, look down and say nothing because I don't want them to fall in love with you too.
It was cool meeting you today at Miami Airport. Please let me know if you ever need anything. www.JuanCarlosPichardo.com
Did you receive our newly formatted e-newsletter last month? If not, subscribe to our newsletter by emailing .edu
Are you coming with us to P.R next year???
:) i like your style
what's wrong
Im clearly over your head like the shower cap
can u follow me pleez?
is grandma awake???
Lets go Rangers! Here we go
yeah!!! I was born in San Diego California. :)
#edumooc Also need more formatting/designing for mobile to reach this group
Revolution museum gathering its forces If only the canteen could talk. Although the dark oak container looks inconsequential next to the
Want to be more influential? Ask people to include your name in their debates.
GET THAT LOVE 360 ON YA PLAY LIST BY
Tanning with
Just finished shoveling. It's the perfect snow for snowmen!
Glad you enjoyed the Jantzen Beach photo. Sure would rather have the park instead of the mall that's there now!
Have you tried working with this file in a new User account? That is what I would suggest.
Be careful out there, looks like tornado season is early this year. Pray for one another
my best friend is from Troy! Lololol.
MAKING BIG THINGS HAPPEN..CANT DO IT WITHOUT BABY..SPREAD THE WORD WHERE YOU AT. COME ON LETS EAT TOGETHER CALL ME 313-522-2307
were all cute(: but im the sezziest
My new mission in life is to make a beast at Frogger
#whitney Love and peace to Bobbi K
I'm sorry boo... You know you always have an opened invitation.
u rmissing the guacamole burger this week sosh team outing tomorrow. We will eat for u :) we are sweet like that.
Knicks have no chance tonight. Why? They don't play tonight
RT : The music industry is a big bandwagon now ...
Say this out loud right now: I decide to love me first, then let that love flow into my family/friends; no apologies here.
gambling for the first time ! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> i need some beginners luck
Actually talked to my dad :)
Great. I have a stalker.. and no pepper spray.
love the pics! Love my little Libertini!
My bedroom": Where the ballz can I get a massage in LA on a few hours notice...?"
That's probably the best part of the movie then.
U can get discount tkts for Sister Act ok for younger kids
You win!
FALL OH US.
Currently looking for an art gallery to make a permanant exhibit from my Dad's Oregon 360 - The Creative Process watercolor sculpture.
Oh rly?! RT : Ted Cruz: Only "junk science" connects fracking & bad groundwater, we frack "thousands of miles below the surface"
Dude, it's airport security. You can't bring 3 cans of Pepsi on your carry-on!
I think you do a great job! RT : Thank you for saying that I appear to always be informed. :) I try my best.
Jason is making me burgers on the grill
ha! Maybe! Lol
#Packers fans sad to hear about the passing of Blair Kiel. He rallied the team to victory twice in '90, and came close in a third game.
and it never gets old :)
Per the sports panel, we got a ton of useful knowledge from area professionals in the sports world.
Agreed!! // MT : Wires, prototypes, code. Too much focus on the nouns (artifacts). More focus on the verbs (activities).
hahaha it's old!! I got it for Christmas when I was like 5 :P and I always end up hitting it when it doesn't work D: lol
These meds are making me so sleeepyy <U+E30F> idk how ill stay awake during school this week!
Pareto Principle--roughly 80% of the effects come from 20% of the causes
you look like you need a *hug*
Big win by over Italy!
lol, oh yea forgot sorry (;
Sampling Monk's Cafe Flemish Sour Ale & Petra's Aged Pale Awesome Belgians!
I will be spending most of my summer at The Roosevelt :)
only 2 hours away. Ps. Return your texts mofo!
Hi thanks for follow Paul, where is teh Gold Coast?
Whoa stiff neck -- I need to identify a Seattle chiropractor ASAP. On the bright side, I think all will assume I just have amazing posture.
Car sharing saves US governments millions in operating costs, and it's only the beginning. Fleets are newer and safer....
seriously loving the weather!!! :)
In case anyone was wondering, PB sidewalk squares make great plyo ladders.
We are moving away is work/life BALANCE to now talking about work/life FIT. Realistic work and life is NEVER balanced.
What is the best thing we "Americans" can do to stop the violence here and in Mexico?
I agree. If they were in Philly the roof would've blown off.
When i see big girls wearing tiny shorts and they have cottage cheese legs <<<< #poorthings :/
no not really lol just a bad offensive game by the #1 defense in the land
Back to back to CALI CALI...
Congrats on the big win and series clincher today , ,
Bottomless mimosas noon to 3pm. Great wine tasting all day and Allagash white on special. Enjoy!
Did you move? I see your profile says Canonsburg, PA.
I like your following number, Great number.
BLOODY. MARY. BAR.
Looks interesting. You'll have to tell me about the benefits sometime.
The 1848 Cincinnati Panorama is simply amazing!
This night been great !!
I'm really uncomfortable when people butt call me and I'm a party to a conversation that shouldn't include me.
YES HAVE TO!
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.”
I watched Lil Einsteins this weekend w/my grandson, now I can't get the song out of my head...:)
Bittersweet day as & complete their final day in the office. Happy for both and wish them both the best.
Tyler your such a wonderful man!
I understand WHY people use validation services like TrueTwit, but honestly? I probably don't wanna follow you THAT badly.
Come on now, Your name rhymes with tons of stuff...
Which was your fav? Mine was #likeameatball. AND we bought a mattress! #veryexpensivepizza lol!
Thats what we like to hear. Must feel great to have that window back. ha. RT thanks for your help, got it fixed!
When you realize that your peak in productivity occurs from 2 am to 6 am...
Childish grandstanding RT : Lamborn's primary opponent says Lamborn should not 'take his toys and go home.'
Yum. Just devoured some banana porridge and SaltFish fritters from
must be a European thing
The fact that you expected anything from Quiznos is beyond me.
no, I love you more! :)
Green Lantern has dropped by and THe Pulse is taking it up a notch
America, on the job training and immediate employment thru the housing market by itself today!!!! Why is this so hard to understand????
Actually, yes! Better bug tracking + a wiki/resources/notes/code snippet site. Digging through old emails is super inefficient.
best wishes to your family.
Eating veggie chips when I dont like vegetables...is that supposed to happen?!
and Berry Zimmerman speak about small business success with today at 1:00pm PST on KKOL 1300 AM.
Criminals are criminals regardless of who they are, why are companies immune from criminal charges while street level criminals sent to jail
Someone give me a S/O cause I'm Awesome .
Yes. Finished y'day. Used less time than had anticipated but def had much fun.
College Station has a lot of great things to offer in the way of musicians! Be sure to support your local artists!
Hahaha why are you so silly???
I totally agree Lisa!
Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.- Winston Churchill
“: TNT just showed segment on Clippers History of Success . . . . about 5 seconds long” lol
when guys say i love you and mean it >>>>>
At a quick glance, these methodologies on website accessibility conformance look great. Nice work by
Do people still wear nose rings
bo aallll my fucking shit got delete , i have niothign on my phone text me
There's nothing pleasant about working in midtown during the holiday season. Tourists need to learn how to walk.
yeah, but the waitress thought I was joking when I turned down her meat. Then she seemed to be offended.
Eyeing lemichael James LJ Pitt bound or bungle bound?
:I been good I lost your # I need it again if that's okay wit u I miss u (or ur voice) lol how have things been going for you?
Pacers need to pick it up
what kind of zombie is that? -_-
Goodnight twitter ( : wish me luck at the doctors appointment tomorrow ! Hopefully nothing serious D:
I'm thinking my friends and I will be there! Any deals going on tonight?
Nice to hear that others get as excited about finding a great iOS calc as I do. :)
Hey, do you guys have any Garland Jeffreys albums in stock?
#YDTD good luck with the #YDNE2012!
Fell in love all over again...
yay, i messed up my knee. cool...
i'd love Justin even if he was bald.
Yes! RT : Congrats to all those who finished or attempted the Boston Marathon under blistering heat! Way to go!
“Hair by Mae Alice Davis. My mama.”- Viola Davis, who opted for a natural ’do instead of a wig.
You said "rubbing it in."
Thanks for the insights!
working on new designs for my company. www.stateauthentics.com
We're closed on Mondays, but will be back at it tomorrow w/lots of fab apparel for you!
Congrats to the #USA on their 3-1 win over France!
is a pedal tavern legend!!!!!!
Euchre anybody? Leagues begin in August. Check our site for details.
hahha lee fell asleep one me I just wanna have fun but I don't get paid for two weeks. SUCKS <U+E530>
I knew it was only a matter of time for a Flacco hate tweet from Phil
YouTube asap
Ouch. Late night last night out with Pete and Bill. Friday morning, you're a bitch. M.
Ladies there are still good men out there just make sure you are a good woman when they approach you!
glad somebody does lol
It all good though because it smells good haha!
Follow me back if you like to learn more about #concerts in #Indy!
that's because you are girl!
It was delicious & dreamy! Sriracha ranch for dipping. I would totally recommend them! :)
If you think reality tv is real you should get punched in the asshole.
if you must cede, do it tacitly.
Might be time for another career change or change in direction at a minimum! Back to corporate maybe??!!
has my vote....it's rather catchy
According to , the Bronx struggled with $150M in sales, down 16% from 1Q11
Oh! Sounds good!!! 2013?
The skin on the outside of my thumbs is ratchet!
what where
Eli pulled it off
There's like officially nothing for me to do besides clean the damn house. Ugh.
Watching all your covers of course.<3 The usual.
I'd be lying if I told you losing you was something I could handle...
I know your pain ;)..same thing being gay couple in f'g AL lol
Liver protection for cows at the start of lactation - All about feed
where have u guys seen it? Did he post a pic?
#dirtyprojectors coming to May just have to go.
GOT TICKETS FOR ONE DIRECTION!
Cotto needs to kiss Mayweather like he kisses his son
It's time to SHOUT! I'm mad AT hell (with righteous indignation) & I'm not going to take it anymore! I'm going to do something about it!
Librarian&#39;s long shot on target for grant
THANK YOU :)
I ADORE YOU JACOB YOU KNOW THAT ?
San Francisco Mother's Day Celebration &quot;The Secret Garden, Discover The Magic ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Asians will never get in the elevator with me, i think they fear me cause i'm brown.
I wish i could take the class "Master Class: Editing James Franco ... With James Franco"
All you need is a chip and a chair...and a real good goalie. I'm thinking that Quick could lead the Kings to Lord Stanley.
Thanks to for all of the great tweets! Welcome aboard!
lol so u crack me up
Thanks for following my twitter feed R'Delle. I love your positive intention.
You all go to Readercon, n'est-ce pas? Should and I go this year?
first aid kit
ah hon i feel so bad for you i hope it goes away soon
"It's so dry, the trees are bribing the dogs."
Wats up ......i see your camo coming up
is putting on the 2012 Oklahoma City Marriott South Asian Bridal Show March 11 stay tuned for details.
There will be another update posted in about 3 hours. I update every Tuesday at 7 a.m. (EST). Feel free to check it out!
As soon as u think u have the ANSWERS ...I change the QUESTIONS
New album from "God Forgives I Don't" drops July 31st on Ross describes it as "a very dark story"
What's on tap this week??? TONIGHT - MIDTOWN/LOFT/PENTHOUSE!! FRIDAY NIGHT - JOSEPHINE! SATURDAY NIGHT - EDEN!!
its ok we all have r bad days rite :)
Should be get me back to XP in 98SE layout.
Pick ups on Thursday. Filling the holes we left when we ran out of time. Funny how it works out for the better usually.
it would make my.night if you please oh please tweeted me
During breaks, splash water on your face while closing your eyes. This has an overall relaxing effect and helps you feel refreshed.
Some of these folks scared to tell the truth.
The only Hunger Game I'm interested in includes me and some Red Velvet.
lmbo, I know you don't care; that's why it's so hilarious....
How do you make a blonde laugh on a Wednesday? Tell her a joke on a Monday!
so what we finished third, playoffs are all that matter
Just skipped fag boy for not calling me poppa.
This is a test post. Please ignore. calculus
Blessings! RT “: Shout out to my first born Jordan who turns 12 today! #fiesta!”
Purple, green, and black (and sometimes blue)
Good morning everyone! Got an idea for a new product to be posted on etsy very soon: Crinkle Blankies! Pics coming soon
I was just going to take the day off but I actually have work to do...which sucks! yes red bull is a must
Clean energy also reduces costs and maintenance on all mil facilities
Don't forget to vote in our Celebrity Smile Contest! Check out our Facebook page and scroll down! We'll announce the winner in 2 weeks!
Thanks to everyone for helping us reach 1000 followers!
We don't want to quit you! RT : Me & have this food affair......either one of us just can't let go.
lick your webcam
Haven't been on twitter for a while! Ugh that's no bueno! But im back now!
How bout some #FF/RT love? We're 1 away from 700 followers. Why did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his apple pie before it was cool.
preparing a quote for carpet cleaning and stripping floors for an office building. visit teamgocleaning.com!
I hate being without chapstick.
yo can i get the cardiak drum kit?
how are you woman
My Royal Name. is... HM Queen Olivia Pippa Danglercott of Carmelbury (thanks to E! Online!)
It's not a matter of not knowing how to boycott, but being unable to.
Thanks sweetheart!(:
Sure, go for it!
“: Any Jeff City, MO #SKC fans can catch all of the SKC games at J. Pfenny's on High Street!! ”
thank you for the retweet! you're welcome, Have a great day!
completely agree, there is malicious hacking, but a hacker's main interest is curiosity. hacking=goal of teaching
hahaha um no. I own Sperrys and Fake Keds... I haven't made it up to Dior yet....
We have a special announcement.. LOS ANgeLES..Inbox us ad we will get u on a fREE guest list for tonights #ViperRoom SHow!!
Hopefully, if not it'll keep me out of hell. Lol :D
poor Nick!
yay!! So awesome :)
Y does listen to A7x make me smile
How was Easter!??
off all week, except for friday -_- i need some more hours !
I have to do an essay for gym....
what? Evan? Really?!
The best RT : RT : Cheese Whiz RT : Q1 #FoodieChat You are going to a cheese party, what kind of che
Looking for a Lithuanian translator in New York City. Can anyone help?
because they don't think for themselves they are like beautiful robots
Proverbs 23:10 "Do not move an ancient boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless."
Going to apple bees in DINA come see me!
mines this one kid who wont shut up
LOL! "damn Sunday school gig..."? LOL!!!!
Actually, Roeske's writing me a ticket.
So jealous, enjoy
if i havent followed you... just tell me and i will... i have been busy for a while... ive been with friends and family for a cuple months
RIP Mr. Brown <3
Thanks for the sympathy, bud.
At the #knicks game with the hubby. Happy Birthday Adam! (And go Jeremy Lin!)
Leaving to San Francisco tonight! Unfortunately, with laptop and books and notebook to keep working on assignments, projects and else :/
New and improved website coming soon!
SUPERMAN No711 ditches lame exposition boxes in favor of eye-pleasing thought bubbles. Thanx go 2 !
And this is especially true where the state failed to make the $2.4 million lifetime Autism costs payment to Autism persons
what was your segment on this morning???
Presenting in a couple of hours with ! If you want to meet the handsome towie star then get down to Bunker Cardiff tonight!
i'm curious to ask, if you had a chance to bring Firefly back to life, would you?
10 commandments of filmmaking: “The first nine are, thou shalt not bore. The tenth is, thou shalt have the right of final cut.”-BILLY WILDER
You're mine. No one else gets you. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
wtf then where is it?? And yea, the fact that i was 2 inches away from knocking myself out on the grill made it way worse hahaha
Inspired by #lasvegas people wanting to make changes after #Greenjelly meeting. Happy to see the community wanting to be greener!
is thinking about fly-in-breakfast with the family.
"for libraries we have to think about emerging technologies in terms of platforms vs products'
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!--
GM tweets. Rise & grind. First mothers day& Revlon walk w/o my grandma Difficult. Thx to friends & fam who made day special & easier for me.
No, you THANK !
I know what you're doing right now, reading this and following me ;)
I Shouldn't Say Shit While I'm Mad .
Is something going on with Livingston?
I have spent more time in bed sleeping today than out of it
Dude u need to learn manners then may b they might reply with a hi
thankyou:) im okay right now though
cool! Ooohhh what's ur age?
I Haven't Lost My Mind, It's Backed Up On Disk Somewhere.
The Digital Writing & Research Lab would be pleased to host you if you'll speak for us
Stop bragging about stuff you don't have. Rap lyric..."I'm a boss, I gotsta have it...I got more $$ than whole Dallas Mavericks" -
kids management is a good place to start, and Brand is also good :)
I shouldn't have.. Ah
Pekka Rinne: 41 saves on 43 shots. Jimmy Howard: 19 saves on 22 shots. And, yeah, I'm watching hockey.
no, but I'll check it out; thanks!
said to call you JOEY.... cool?
Happy HAPPY birthday to one of my favorite gals around have a wonderful day xoxo
he can see if i read it!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and will meet =Jesus
OMG I HOPE I DIDN'T FAIL THE STARR TEST EPPP! :/
Sometimes in life you have to just accept what is and move on. Most of the time this is not the case....thank goodness. Happy Thursday.
#BF3 MP or Campaign first? Decisions...
damn just noticed you live 2hours away from me lol if you live in Rochester damn
Headed to to watch the #Badgers game. Say hi if you are there,
Away from home for 4 days at #blogherfood and the husband never touched the litter box. Ole.
Job titles are not our vocation. Vocation is found in the role we master as a servant.
Thanks for tweeting updates re: the Shelley House!
lol. I'm gonna let you know when I'm boutta go to Sleep.
no prob follow me
Man i feel like hoopin <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
#YouKnowICareWhen I shed a lil tear because that's something I don't do.
So ANGEL had some shit to say about my hair bitch please you a fuckin hater that all talking bout blonde don't fit everybody.
to all you blog-lovers...Check out www.hercampus.com/school/wakeforest/blog for some great posts on a variety of topics!
Im not perfect
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 63F Fair: 63F Fair
but some instructors care more about showing off their skill than making sure students are safe :(
Session done time to rest and do it again 2maro busy
btw my roommate read somewhere that you visited or agreed to visit with Bengals. Can u say pissed lol?! Wants u back w/the Bears!
The best way to cheer yourself up is to cheer everybody else up Mark Twain
How about them Pack 13-0
Attending briefing with and today to discuss jobs and economy in Miami.
Time to start working again.. Grrr 4 hours to go!
Love you guys! Building up my Southwest Rewards program through you!
. What sets humanities or digital humanities data modeling problems apart from other kinds of problems?
ah I miss you!! I can't believe I haven't ran into you!
Our vacumn makes our house smell like feet?
check into my room at the Luxor then hit the casino floor of course!!!!
I tried, but it's not letting me. Grr, you try lol.
for what it's worth, i never park my car in those spots. but sometimes i do park on top of an Equinox.
": fuck studying... i want a life." Celebrate and live your life NOW
I could always surprise you with a bucket of paint one day?
Sunshine!!!!!!!! Finally
thx! U should start a team. U ladies would kill it walk! :)
hey whatsapp? U are allready in Europe?
I'm not afraid to speak the truth at anytime
A secret is something you tell to one person at a time.
No Kobe, you will NOT top Jordan's flu game. For one, its the first round, not the finals.
the merch table in the back of the room?
hell yeah! it's about time. I'm pretty sure it's my turn tho.
We Buy Ugly Houses Releases Key Points on Selling As Is Homes Homeowners try to move their home in its current condition. This can lead t
Is your car dirty?
Are you still claiming Italy?
I love the spurs, there the only team that can get back at u the next year... CONSTANTLY
This is so uncomfortable
haha don't be a grumpy monkey <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092>
Shooting a cupcake commercial, should be fun! Hope we get to eat the props =)
bout another half or or so then knockin out to dream about her </3
Its a Must That I Distant Myself from The ignorant and Carnal people
Poor Mitt. He just keeps swingin' and missin'
he looks so manly with his shadow!
“Does this mean I get to tweet the wedding from the altar?” She told her sister no, --hold her bouquet and fluff her long ivory train.
Jim Beam had a few really cool 2011 New Year Resolution tweets ~ I'm going to share 3 of my favorites.. what for it.. what for it..... :)
need to do a show in LA!
Woohoo ! Solid Sound Festival 2011 is officially set for June 24-26 @ MASS MoCA in North Adams, MA. Info at www.solidsoundfestival.com
our paths finally cross! :)
I'm realizing the reason I never take naps isn't because I don't have time but because then I can't sleep at night like a normal person!
So true. This has been brutal. RT Thank God for Chris Rock
is working the room! Weaving between the tables and reading name tags."
artistS would be even better :)
that was hilarious man! Bin Laden left the front door open!
Tweet tweet!
..shake something
RT“: I'm going to Hookah Rehab with lmao”
Tyler ik u will just skim over this, but know your fans love you!
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job. ~ Jim Rohn
Women are supportive by nature. We don't We want a promise and a plan that it will get better
Appreciate your following us. Added you to our #green list (of course).
Crouch: "Diversity is not about initiatives, it's about process"
Good Day Today ,
The headaches....
I'm bringing Fred. Oh wait, he lives here anyway.
HEY HOPE YOUR WEEKEND IS BLESSED AND FILLED WITH LOVE & HAPPINESS ABUNDANTLY BABE GODBLESS :)
Better off by myself right now, I'm way too focused on achieving my dreams,I wouldn't be able to give a female all the attention she needs.
three way trade with the Union, Chivas and the Redbulls ? this day is getting more interesting!
“ There is no competition.. Its just You vs You!”
The Fenway Brats LIVE Rock&Roll Supershow! Friday night 9:30pm-1am at Who's On First #Boston!
#ThatOnePersonInSchool that is always talking about somebody, but has the most flaws
To start jogging with my baby. Just need a jogging stroller!
u still up?
haha thanks! You too!
I agree I love BIG but PAC was better too Big ain't no slouch though
My name is Rufus & that's the trufus.
I love it man!
In the mail today: homemade cookies from my mom. Something so simple makes me feel so loved!
What an amazing lineup of performers at SoundTown this year. Any idea how one could get a passcode to buy tickets,
I look forward to talking with you.
Caught 5 minutes of primary recall debate. Can someone please explain to me what Barrett has done in MKE so great that warrants a promotion?
SCA AGM registration, check. Hurrah for staff development funds!
#np "Whitney Cooper" by Kw/\Lified.'
I think #California residents should pay more in taxes, and those who've done well should also pay more. NOT. Get real.
Thanks. Sad day.
Cracker Jack and Oreo cookies are vegan...who knew, I sure didn't
say you love, then put it in a love song
And there it is, thanx Rex.
#whenihadamyspace i had more spam than a person with an AOL email account
makin home movies with my friends. might be on youtube. im dead. no arms and one leg. killed by a clown. humilating
is opening for this Wednesday, April 4 at Bring earplugs!
I'm glad my music choices are back in your good favor!
happy easter :)
Can't figure out why I have simultaneous urges for Swedish meatballs and Fritos. Either way, lunchtime.
well winding down my birthday just need a shoutout from good ole
Oh no. She just got comfortable. smh. Get yourself together, Olivia.
I like your face, and your music, and your laugh, and everything else. You're amazing. <21
you guys are doing such a great job! Keep up the hard work
This is making me tear up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
It's fascinating how moms seem to have that ability! Happy Mother's Day!
I saw all late.!! Lol. My bad baby boo ha ha
To all the annoying kids in my class that never shut up: SHUT UP. I'm getting a headache -_-.
Sorry, but I cannot get on board with this #smash Bollywood number. #what?
Right now from is interviewing 's
A soundtrack would let you know how to feel. Also you'd know when someone was about to jump out of the closet.
Gang Starr - Take It Personal
in the battle of Derrick vs Derrick, I'll take OUR Derrick! Lol
Ham and Cheese Hot Pockets >
Prophecy: Music will come from bands who are not even formed yet!
mm nothing :P lolol
So now I'm a little sister. :(
high stakes testing...
Just found out that Leslie has never seen the double rainbow video.
Yeah, that's how I learned about sex.
50% of business are using Macs!
dude.... Yall made casino madrid your bitch
Oh shit tomorrows monday. I forgot. Ahh i think i have a science test. Thats cool too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I believe the discussion begins at the community level. I'm all for honest and mature.
Husband & 4 kids just threw me the BEST 40th Birthday Surprise Party!!!
So much to ship so little time!!!! :D
Man it's gonna be really hot out side! Tomorrow ~shorts & tanks <U+2600><U+2600>
hehe ha...funny!
If I could just fund my philanthropic travels through my highly sought after artwork I would be living my dream. *sigh*
What she said <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>RT : I'm in need of an alcoholic beverage.
making my first for a faculty workshop on "Teaching to the Range" on March 11. new technology makes me nervous, but I'm trying...
Ended testing with a bang!!! Faster then last years time with the new bike. This is going to be a crazy race season :-)
We should!!
Leaving this state soon. #yes!
they have a serious problem on their hands…
Lots of hustling, hacking & designing going on as we get close to the TechStars & Betaspring application deadlines. Wish us luck!
“: If a #Leo cuts you off you are beneath the scum of the earth you are the disgrace of the universe.”<<<<so on time
thank you = ) Glad you like it!
2 days before my birthday and my bday party
I feel like being a kitten. Where is ? Haha
Thanks for the RT - puttin' in work!
When your boyfriend is also your best friend >>>>
Happy Birthday to tha man of
Nichols is talking about career "tracks" as a solution for getting more girls into Science. Won't this just push them further out?
We're a Detroit-based indie (mostly) electronic music label. We've got a ton of exciting new releases in 2012!
hm me? Ha
A Look At Why India's Luxury Market Is Exploding via
Prettiest smiles, saddest stories.
Welcome to all our newest banner Advertisers
"oh, aaahhh" Fireworks at the Annual Dogwood Festival-carnival. See the show on 19 News Nightcast
Today is a new day! Enjoy the people that are around you and add value to their life. You never know how far a smile or kind word will go!
They totally are, I think!
You can't see it cause you got problems too! RT : my friend dont got problems.. Foreal
Thanks for the follow. Great to meet a fellow writer.
Cards are in the air on our 1-3NLH... Double hours are going on until 1pm as well! Come on over and start earning your time for next week!
im slow.
I got the go ahead from Ryan for going to the movies tonight. You ready for nachos and fancy soda? Woo AMC
is my favorite reporter
If I have to hear about the kid that's only practiced 4 times on TN's team again I'm going to throw my tv.
We need a gay guy on the
i don't think you could say michigan:romney what ill:obama or ny/ark:clinton. more like mi:romney what little bighorn:custer.
doing what we do, screwing who we screw
Back in the 901
I'm getting a wicked slipper tan line
Oh, we'll need a cheering squad! :)
#Brewers win in -- it's official -- the worst awesome game of all time.
Impressive! That's a messy job.
strong work! Can't wait to hear details...
Responded. Hopefully my response gives you some direction on where to go with your matter?
May the best of your todays, be the worst of your tomorrows
Final preview tonight. So proud. So sleepy...
n u left ur glasses in da car
swing and a miss
iReal b. And garage band.
Are you serious? Putting your address ONLINE?
Loved being part of the content panel!
i am on tumblr. D":
I think we all agree it's important to #votesmart. Tell us why/how you #votesmart for a chance to win a Project Vote Smart tee-shirt!
Good news, Apple just approved the 1.1 update, now with Pie Charts!
Celebrating Dyngus Day at the Chatterbox. Where are you, ?
Did anyone else see that #rollingstone ranked Andy Summers of #police at number 85 in its top 100 guitarists? What a joke.
Post a like for you, THX for the mention as well. Nice site too.
The best way: With my wife () and our two awesome children! RT How will you be spending #Shabbat this week?
we have another player on this idea that the burrito guy says we should make it an app for cell phones. he needs 12 cents
Thanks, they are very much needed/wanted here! Have you all created any at Belmont?
My baby!!
Ya buddy pretty much got a lifetime pass to victors maybe ill use it alot
My 5,000th tweet won me a Katy Perry contest. Had to be the 50th tweet. Oh, the irony. (Coincidence) :]
WIN VIPtix2Music City Roots by answering: Email Q: What was the first "blues" recorded on August 10, 1920
Consul Gen of Great Britian to FL - #vivaflorida500 also 250th anniv of Treaty of Paris and British rule in FL.
Everyone needs a little cat humor in their life. I hope you made this ?
Down through the cold lane there to Brighton
Elle Kemper looked okay but the dress was fitted weird up top!
not so much evacuation as everyone continues to marvel outside at the gorgeous weather.
LOVE the bright cerise floral wallpaper in this Indian-inspired summer bedroom bit.ly/lqWIEm
How has new media changed higher ed? The students are the instructors and the instructors are the students.
If you *couldn't care less, why have you tweeted about it so much?
love the ABC app!
Fun chatting with all my guests at the bar tonight! Thanks to all for coming in!
Looking forward to lunch with today!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
absolutely nothing!
We are going to the Saloon after work if you're interested...
I'm not voting for any #Ravens for the #ProBowl because they won't be going there anyway.
Definitely did not mean to sleep for so long.
#ThatEx who would do anything for a piece of ass
what's his name? Am I understanding correctly he is transferring to Ky?
First big shot I've ever seen Gallo hit
Beer me. Had Port Brewing's Mongo at Craft and Commerce. Ridiculously good.
ow That's really nice and sounds exciting. You'll have to treat me when I get there, you ought to :D heheh
RT : Prepping for my session tomorrow #devlearn (Good luck! You're gonna do great)
Did someone get the Grammys confused with the MTV Videos again?
Thanks for the retweets!
i actually killed one of those elevator girls the other day
last november i intentionally overdosed, and i had to go to the hospital. I had a 0% chance of living, but unfortunately i did.
Back in the Vine.
never mind it was an error on my end
I think I hit the recruiting brick wall for the day. On a positive I found a few great people :)
Got my wings...ready for #Spurs to kick ass
I have heard a few people say that Tebow is able to get away with something an Arab American athlete would not be able to say.
And H&M is supposed to be opening this summer too. ^_^
Twitter > Facebook
Hanging with my friend carlee!!!(: I love her!
Thank you for sharing this important information for food allergic families!
big head ass
wants her freaking battlefield 3 copy released now !GAWD DUMMIT!
Lets Show Brian Some Love!! Folow for Follow!!
WE APPRECIATE ALL OF YOUR SUPPORT
I AM NOT 16. I AM NOT 15. i am 12. get goin perv, and god bless.!
( For what protecting your love-ones life?
I really like your new website!! I read a lot of your blog & it is very well written!! Congrats;)
Good morning. Time to start my day.
true that I have to pay separately to view the mag I subscribe to on tablet app?
stickK sweepstakes: Announce your stickK activity on facebook using our facebook integration and you could win $20 to S2H. www.stickK.com
will have a nice weekend with my fiancée we will travel to India ! Wyyyyy I'm so happy
Santa Rosians! Get out to today from 11am to 3pm for delicious Chameleon samples! Tweet us some pics, please!
oh trust me thats who im talking about
In the car and out of fucking nowhere I hear, "I'm too sexy for my cat." +10 to the radio station that plays Right Said Fred.
Don't think you can do whatever you want. That's just an illusion...
I suck at tweeting.
The stuff youu do just to make me happy<U+2665>(:
Ready for a nap. Gonna eat some lunch and drink some coffee instead
Disbelief ... That niggah really gone...
Knockin at the Door Don't let the Devil In!
I don't want to do this work
I live by the airport, will run over tomorrow morning and pick it up
everytime u think about making money think about how that dollar can be spent to better society.
Never crazy about when Blake is switched out on Gay especially with his knee in that condition. Did about as well as he could though.
Hair Transplant Cost in India and Options
Thanks for reading it! Retweet it too? Thanks!
Im in pittsburgh right now bro
you like boobs
I'm 20 feet away from , and he has no idea I'm staring right at him. :)
yeah I have a lot of work to put in
I just spent a bunch of time watching your videos and i just wanted to say how blessed you are :) would love to collab! HMU soon!
Good point. It should not be an issue to begin with. On any level. Getting it out of federal hands is a start.
I picked up a wandering dog in riverwest. Bongo. Phone # on collar out of service. 262.238.9122. bringing to district 5. Please RT MKE
Last week, long time Wild Things' center fielder Chris Sidick retired. What is your favorite memory of his time with the Wild Things?
Every book you've ever read is just a different combination of the same 26 letters. Mind = Blown.
Lots of upcoming shows (yay)!! Let us know where you're going to be!
The 2012 Spring #AcademySummit kicks off today in Williamsburg, VA for all of our attendees! Be sure to check back for the latest updates!
RT : "And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
don't know.. Do you like Ricky Rudd / Geoff Bodine / and all our normal Monday regulars?
I'm giving my first official plug to an economically efficient way to find out where to get your drink on.
Dino @ Bang Salon is great too!! Added bonus-- he's from Pittsburgh!!
Finally I can actually start working at work but I don't feel like it.
Thanks for listening Rebecca!
Its def time for a nappy, I just want to sleep my life away! <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
First 7 ladies to RSVP sits with me at my table. w/ & || HOSTED by:
No Problem Peyton,i really want a collab by you and haha that would be AWESOME!!!
Thank you! I concur! That's the only reason why I still keep a Blackberry + a combo of an iPad or Air Book is ideal.
You and Christina have to test that theory!
let the kids eat pie!
Feng shui, overwhelming, at first, then just falls into place so exquisitely.
I cop pulls a guy over for weaving, cop asks "you drinking?" Driver says "you buying?"
some fruit sounds good right about now.
My pleasure!
Gift of life.... Cherish it.
I knew it! Showers possible thru 10 am. RT Raining in #CityHeights #NormalHeights #NorthPark on the way to downtown...
the Easter bunny never came to my house
Dr. Mommy and Friends is now the Online Resource for Busy Women!!
Rick Perry is going back to Texas to reassess what he thought God asked him to do.
Go check out our good friends in Dreams Have No Boundaries and throw some love their way!
has a crush, I can tell. (; woot woot.
ATHLETES: Weights and Conditioning make you better... "Sometimes only a change of attitude is needed to convert a duty into an opportunity."
Hope to connect w/ you tonight at the launch. Should be fun. Can't believe we've never met IRL...
in your backyard for few days. Here in Ky and man it's cold!
Manny u rule yay
Great clients make it all worth it -- no off days & all!
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down' ~ Norman Augustine
That's deep!
¡¡¡goddess!!! makes me want to, um, beat you at words w/ friends. O:-)
Benoit & Sergio coming to NYC in December!!!
Lack of solid verbal behavior? See Hart & Risley Meaningful Differences in the Everyday Experiences of Young American Childrn
I thought Morrisey was depressing in the 90s. Then I saw him perform in 2011.
Kindle 'solar jacket': when is the iPad one arriving ? assume we'll see branded skins of this too before long ... solar summer is here ha !
you've tossed around the claim 'its a movement' a lot recently. From you're POV what constitutes a movement?
!|||++ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
You'll never do it, it's not humanly possible.
I guess I'm leaving for #NYC 2morrow!
Frozen yougurt sounds like a great idea for breakfast! Why not, since regular yougurt is good for bkfast. Enjoy!
"THE MONEY SHOT BABY" twitpic.com/88rw0h BY FOR FEAT:
All of the above plus Feist, MiikeSnow, Mazzy Star, and Florence + the Machine.
- TY 4 sponsoring the 2011 Shoot To Cure event! Can't wait until friday night. :)
Him: You said you got parking tickets for Christmas? Her: Hockey tickets. God no. Anyway we really ham it up. We all go in debt for gifts.
Just shout-out BINGO obnoxiously loud when you win!!
I just watched a calf being born. the show host ate placenta and drank collostrum. woah.
In tears after the epilogue of My Boyfriend Wrote a Book About Me by RIP Emmett (her cat) and Sven (my first cat).
no missed it
feeling so empty ..
Last night's memorial was beautiful and poignant. thank you for highlighting the need of the
What are your kids' favorite exercises?
Facebook fail: I cannot list TheWife as my "wife" or "partner(female)" with the official "Family" tool.
I just want to say that you are a really AMAZING woman!
thank you. Not sure I really had the chance to explain it. I promise it's even cooler! :)
M. Tacos.
Thanks! See you later! :)
My only birthday wish is for no one to spam my Facebook with unsolicited greetings. I guess that makes me a birthday Scrooge, too.
Aww:) yes I can:) come home soon!!
I got so many compliments on my outfit today I feel so loved <33
Why Am I Always Hungry -.-
Looking forward to #Innovate next week! Thanks to our sponsors
"i cant believe this but there are some real nasty [Spambots Fooling My Friends To DM Me Claiming] nasty things being said about [me]."
Question for : How would you advise we approach detection of crap? Should we be suspicious of everything? Even your book?
Good i guess
When you feel you need to start pointing out flaws in the people around you, perhaps you should start with a mirror first.
I know and you know if we get together. The emotions are going to be put to work.
SOFTBALL PLAYS TODAY!!! Come out to the JU Softball Complex at 5pm TODAY!!! Fins host Tulsa!
I didn't get an answer from but I know the truth hurts I've been hurt so much! <3 I still Love him no matter what!
The things I do for friends
Thank you for listing us! Much appreciated! :)
Lost in all the chaos: Broncos just lost Brodrick Bunkley, best run stuffer in the league last year, to the freaking Saints.
My parents are fighting.. :'(
Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. Day!
Not since the 1988 release of MC Hammer's "Let's Get it Started" has America seen a more powerful debut. Welcome
Today's Sports News is damn interesting.
had a really fun day with my youth group. :) #bestyouthgroupever!
you got that right! Simply Gorgeous
RT if you smoke weed!
You can't complain about all the wars unless you love your neighbor. Practice what you preach.
oh thanks
Omg emma and her awkward brosures where does she get them and was I the only one who noticed that!!!
Hi - are u tweeting for tonight?
BREAKING: Tim Tebow is now a NY JET!!!
I gotta turn back over to the voice. Xtinas boobs beckon...
San Bruno benefit in the park on sat 25th sept HOOKS headline...
he being creep af
If yo woman run shit in the relationship?she regrets you inside her mind & body
your one of my favorite actors
The Prisoner was never, ever going to translate. Edge of Darkness could have if they'd had the balls to keep it dark throughout.
I HIT FOLLOWING LIMIT. WHY!??
realizing when using that I really need to start saving asap.
forgot their name. their beautiful. incredible. gorgeous. & their reading this right now(:
When your girl is awake, she's always thinking. Feel free to ask "What are you thinking?" She'll always have an answer.
Ready to be off work. Going to be lazy and do lots of gaming!!!
Sat in on the Quidditch practice today.
I'm sure the #Brittana fans all owe an apology. She listened and delivered, Thank her!
Fuck you warning label, maybe I feel like operatig heavy equipment
nope, we just found a non flame coal part of the fire & some tongs.
The weather has been so beautiful..I've been out enjoying it...and I'm not sleepy...I hate having a solar body! Somebody yawn&start a chain!
This guy gave me back go radio's guitar pick omg aw
You were such a pretty pretty pretty pretty face. Well you turned into a pretty big waste of my time.
May is coming up. This summer, we're dropping an EP from one of our best.
I second this! I've heard a lot of good feedback. Thanks for so graciously taking me in as a substitute!
<U+200E>11am today - England vs Spain - friendly. open at 10am.
Watching Buehrle's perfect game replay in honor of Humber's!
My David Beckham diet starts tomorrow :-)
Wizards of Waverly Place >>>> <U+E434><U+E15A><U+E32E>
that would ROCK! I would add it to my TO READ list for sure.
happy birthday Kimora! love you! :D
Wow! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown
<----Wishes he could win $1000 just for hearing 10+ songs in a row on Kiss 97.3
haha yeah I feel u... Idk what's wrong with my hometown but I'm glad I left.
yes that's going to be good! They're all going to be good! I hope! Lol
Little: School district is also on Negative Watch, which is not good.
Behind the music Boy George!!!
Gay co-worker walks by, "I'm not gonna get excited until I can work for the govt and get benefits for my lover…" Didn't he mean husband?
You're welcome :) x
Good luck!!!
With the face of an angel girl, you deserve to be treated more than right
not a big fan of an enticing link, then asked for email.
CLOSING DEALS
that sucks
Just pimpin my way through life ;D
sad. that it is all i have to say
There is no such thing as too many tv's, especially during football season!
A great director once told me. just don't quit if nothing else you will succeed through attrition.
How many of my Verizon tweeps are getting iPhones today??
My favorite "Kardashian" is now officially
Thank you to all those who supported the Foundation tonight to fight for a world where women & children are safe from slavery
Craving a Jo Snow cocktail...head to Bar or Wood Fired to imbibe...they'll set you up! Cheers!
got a new single #CashAnotherCheck! #leggo send the link out!
who are the others involved so far?
The Celtics lost because you weren't at the game.
John Tillotson~ A good word is an easy obligation but not to speak ill requires only our silence which costs nothing.
When won't accept the fact that I'm right <<
#itmakesmesmilewhen I have a fresh batch of grade a
Thanks love
Wondering what to eat for lunch?!
I expect another sold out Friday night for
it isn't too late I'm sure??
The Tea Smith is now hiring for our new Old Market location! Tweet if interested!
your piano was so cool!!!!(:loved it!!!<3
Have not had any form of Christmas Ale so far this year... Tonight that may have to change
I wish the white house was like it was in 99
Let's go Predators!
same...bored broke and in need of a massage desperately .
At Flex in a PPR would you start Blount (v SF), Holmes (v NE) or Decker (v SD). Have Harvin (v ARZ) as my WR2.
I ain't Trynna control her -><U+261D><-
That pass on 3rd down was cold blooded
lol what's wrong with starting over
Omb!!! is turning 18 tomorrow!!! Where has the time gone?? :D
Haters Gon' Hate!
Just got off, but I got a taste for Dairy Queen, might stop up there.
Fuck you and your ridiculously good-looking self.
": Trust and Respect needs to be earned!" I second thatt.
oh yeah..this is the first real long trip we have done with them it hasn't been to to bad better than i thought it was gonna be
I am loving KNKT even more.
my mind is a tricky enemy
Michelle, you really have sensitivity and style!
Advice: always wear your DJ headphones around your neck so you look cool when people take photos.
Nothing feels more relieving, than when you lay on your bed right when you come home from school <U+E00E>
There's no such thing as a no good woman. Every no good woman was made no good by a no good man.
Looking for #UNSIGNEDArtists to colab with, SERIOUS people, if you AINT bout that shit DONT hit me up ! (TWEET ME A LINK TO YALL MUSIC)
Nasser Al-Mahasher - 1995 has been appointed representative director and CEO of S-OIL. He has served as the head of Saudi Petroleum Ltd. ...
Go get'em tiger! RT : In cap and gown ready for nyu graduation
Whose heroes? Obama constantly invokes GOP icons
Is their presence really that heavy in comparison to any other group? Or does it just appear that way?
Spending Fat Tuesday in the office. Need to plan better next year...
Fed invasion of NOT politically motivated? Liar liar pants on fire!!This whole administration is full of it
I want lunch not breakfast. But no doesn't don't till 11 on weekends. Wtf? People want lunch early.
people who make a living torturing stray pets in labs
I love people who love life! Keep living it up, Cindy!
#OREGON Here I come. Hopefully you dont send me back!
great to see you two as well!
Steaks are being cooked. Get in here!!!
Im Finna Take A Nap
About to implement a strategy I learned from Special Ops session at #blend12: let students brainstorm answers to final essay b4 writing it
you say that like that could be a bad thing
Sounds very intriguing ...Yes yes yes
who knows!? bought $10 worth and considering doing more and picking my own numbers this time. did you do quick picks?
Those Celebri-dots are absolutely fabulous! I can't wait to share them with my students as we get ready for Dot Day!
wow that's awesome! Good luck! Does that mean I won't get to see you at the conference? :(
See you and the "crew" this weekend??!
"Newt, I know we're broke but did I get anything 4 Mother's Day?" "A chic spandex skirt, Calista. I even put a picture on Craig's List."
Gotta miss that show at 1234go records tomorrow too. Dang it all! I'll be busy chasing my spirit animal in the woods.
No my sister and brother are in the opening scene. The house the girl was supposed to live was my street.
Singer's over here!!!! Still waiting!!!
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. ~Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn
Girls only have 1 live weekend in the spring and it was last week . We did adidas best of the west in cali
Yay! :) We'll keep an eye out for some spinning classes in the community. Always open to suggestions though! Have a great day!
DUDE I would totally go to that!
sounds like a successful day to me! Naptime! ;)
Thanks Michelle! We will see you at the Man & Woman of the Year Luncheon March 22!
I wish people were like money. So you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real & which ones are fake.
soon my friend, soon. Schedule is looking pretty booked. You going to Jenny's bday party?
The more you have, the less someone else might have.
No :l
80 This Weekend! Forecaster Felton at NWS points out "The last 80+ degree day in May (Sea-Tac) was 2009". Now we're talking.
President Obama declares 7 Kentucky counties disaster areas. Anything you can do to help fellow Kentuckians is appreciated!
Also thanks to all my friends at National Journal for a great three years of covering the budget and appropriations process.
Drink on it by Blake Shelton is definitely my new favorite song <3
I love that you listen to NPR!
I'm still thinking about it lol
You Don't know I Exist But Your Songs Make Me Cry. Turn To You Touched My Heart! I LOVE YOU!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Clearly, my life (& all academics') is nothing but a protracted simulation to keep me from facing reality. Clearly.
Jesus, take the wheel...of this meeting.
wow, one could purchase a dissertation? my goodness
Hi Val. Welcome to the twitterverse! Happy lurking and tweeting
"I resemble that!! #imgood :-) : doesn't apply to you. You are boys #boysnevergrowup"
Javale McGee gives some of the weakest screens I've ever seen
Wow! sure thinks highly of you!
Be sure to tweet if you'll be in Boston next week for the ACUTA Fall Seminar! The hashtag is
We got a $200 speed camera ticket for allegedly going 20 miles over in a 50mph, on 295 — a highway. This is literally highway robbery.
Festschrift: will I ever use this word?
NO WTF i hate this show i hate it
i know youre probably getting thousands of tweets from fans but i would personally like to say #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
Update: we will not be having a meeting tomorrow.
When you just wanna curl up inna ball & sleep forever.
i have no idea. you?
Bella, I knw what I want for my bday this year. Edward, ?? Bella, Smthing hard and long Edward, WTF? Bella, Ok seriously I NEED YOUR COCK!!
Thanks for the RT!
Sunday morning Mass at Notre Dame - then a walk au Champs Elysees. Lovely in Paris today!
you advertise buy 1, get 1 free whoppers on the restaurant window, you should have your employees follow thru. NOT made my way..
I have to make it out, all your posts are making me hungry ha! RT : Tamales are ready Happy Friday everyone !
": $2 Tuesday tonight go have a sip :)" Make that happen !!!
And we don't have to grade papers.
where are the photos of everyone being arrested for failure to register the protest?
Because when in Rome.....
The more you take responsibility for your past and present, the more you are able to create the future you seek.
I wish studying would die.
Disco! I KILLED DISCO!
#RIPMaryDirectioner i hate when things like these happen... hope youre in a better place xX
no ladies follow you because all you talk about is manly shit like wine and coffee tables. :)
Awsome... is the detox going good? I did the master clease for 13days hardest thing ever!!
how many live fts can you make? sweet score kudos bro, i'm definitely feeling a bracelet this summer
Why does everyone hate on Gary Thorne? I think he does a great job as the play-by-play guy.
I'd rather have my tax dollars go to providing a $40K/year education for a kid with autism than one single person on welfare.
We shall do our best to give the people more of what they want. Thanks for celebrating with us.
my nigga out of town for like 3 days. this gon suck unless we get a party going!
RT RT : congrats to & the for clinching the AL east!
oh well. You guys have a good time?
ok now I have to have a smoke break!
OK, AL, jimmies- small consolation to be in such great company
oh god im gonna look so silly doing my novel tour
Sup shifta met you out in Hollywood . . . I'll be in MIA on Wednesday for a few days.
Amazing outing by Derek Lowe! #CompleteGameShutout Indians win 5-0! Roll Tribe!
Jersey Shore gives me the same feeling as when you hold the door for somebody and they don't say 'thank you'. Same exact.
come play at the laughing horse radical bookstore in Portland! :) #wouldlovethatsohard!
I'm checking bds I don't see all them spins u claim u got! U a payolla nigga no respect!
After a brief delay, I am finally on the plane to #saa11!
Holy cow. Psych finales always have me on the edge on seat, and that cliffhanger. No
Swear Lauren and i act like an old married couple
sounds like it would be a lot of fun! we are planning a blogger event for June and looking fwd to a rewarding experience!
just saw a old mention by you. Sorry to have missed it. Yes. Let's talk soon!
Im in tears, blown away...
Kiss me, I'm Irish (:
why am i such a bitch tho
I want to be back as soon as possible
UCONN needs to close this out.
I miss you! Let's make a plan!!!!
Today was the last day of spring break. I don't want to go to bed because that means break is over.
I didn't know there's a city called King of Prussia...in Pennsylvania
KEEP YOUR HEAD HIGH, and your middle finger HIGHER.
Never eat seafood in a landlocked state.
RT : #sxswedu many Qs about funding for schools .... need to make edu more affordable.
Feature Animation is like a major league sport, many are trying to get in but only a few will make it. Grind hard and even harder after that
I'm going to see #BrandiCarlile at #WolfTrap! She's great!
did you get it ?
Seal must own stock in Starbucks because every other song they are playing today is from his new album.
No doubt!!! Barber knew it instantly “: nothing like an ex-Dallas Cowboy to be a moron.”
RT Happy 62nd Birthday to one of the greatest basketball players of all time Julius "Dr. J" Erving
thx for the follow (;
URL is not working
Good morning, B! Miss you. Hope the writing continues well.
TWEET ME <3
are you guys going to be at the EdLink Panel tomorrow night at Digital Harbor High in Baltimore?
ur my fav ROCKSTAR!! Have a rockin' birthday and thank u for blessing my kids!!
I want I know what people see me as trough there eyes ,
Congrads rangers and lakers!!..moving on!!!!
Glad to see Neville's Notes has returned. Can't wait for Episode 2!
We're still the same, I like that. But then I don't.
I need a partner in crime to attend these fine dancing events with - move here & "shake yer tush in chicago with meh'" ;) xx
Panel 2 says economic growth is lead by optimism and strong leadership. Growth takes work and a commitment to working the plan.
thats what she said
nice collection! Thanks for Sharing :)
I think this is last, w/ roster bonus of $1.5 mil due in camp. Wish we would've went with Gurley instead of Jones last year.
Stumbling as I fall from grace
Philly fans are the most class-less fans in all of sports. They all need to get beat to shit.
Well we know he 'earns' $56k a day to wake up everyday! How could any non-#millionaire vote for him?
Go Team Septa! Whoever you are, congrats!
"BOUND EAST FOR CARDIFF is a really fucking loud play."- Jacquelyn
courts need to provide a structure for high-­conflict parents.
awww he's so tiny!
This goddamn series is going 7.
. Thx for reccomending Monaco DC to ! Hope you can come visit us.
In class and it's blown me lol
What Kind of person stays up all night.?#Mahomies! dont worry Austin! We all love you and we're here for you! <333
miss you too! ") have a great day!
i would love to go shopping with , its like, we're both addicted to shopping. Lol
Ariana does risk things for us.Pretty much everything.She showed us PYHU uncolored,first seconds of tattooed heart and much more.
thnx for the support!
6/6 laptops in this meeting are MBP's
My problem with InDesign will always be that I was trained in Quark. #darkagesoftech?
Thanks you. Should be fun!
good luck!!
Workin it out this morning getting ready gotta get my Gymnast body back man back in the day Gymnastics had me right that's what I need lol
i dare not to play ball in this heat wave
Exactly. What is he thinking?
excited to celebrate the 25th anniv. of the House on Mango Street today! Also anxious to see if new 1st Fri. traffic restric make sense...
Now that was funny! Are you a fan of the show?
I hate it when someone calls me during dinner. Then, immediately after, hits me via email, txt, and FB with 'CALL ME.'. Erm, no.
Seeking out an Avaya Voice Analyst for a 6 month contract in Lauderdale
no what happened
I love how you run away after saying "Slut." You're cool. Lol
Bring it on Black Friday!! We are ready for an awesome day!
You know those albums you know you'll put on repeat for the rest of your life? add new album to that list, seriously i'm inlove
MARCHing into a gorgeous Thursday!
Here's hoping you make par all day long! Have fun, wish I was out there.
Last day with Jamie Isenstein, gonna miss that one tap shoe
3.125% AND I was able to covert to a 15 year and only increase my monthly by $300. Score!
Well my schools band and choir concert is tommorrow and oh what fun....
Cumberland, Maryland: Cannibal country totes obvi.
new media literacies: judgement re: info found online. negotiation, appropriation, play, transmedia navigation, distributed cognition
Back home again in Indiana! Car unloaded, time to do laundry. Can't believe my wonderful weekend with friends in Chicago is over.
#BasketballWives I see TAMI ain't get in that water with them sharks I would have been like Bitch u get in
Happy 150th anniversary of DC #Emancipation!
don't worry about it!! Lol
done sweetie! :)
We just returned from our trip to the Riverwalk today! We had a wonderful time—hope you do too!!
I wasn't talking about today. I was talking about EVERY DAY.
TGIF arrives tonight to meet her god puppy! can't wait
Congrats to and #bearcatnation on a great #bigeast win! GO CATS!
fun RT's! Fans ripping you... Biedenvach ripping refs... Madness baby!
what's that idea? lol
Thanks for the mention. I appreciate all your help!
There's nothing that the road cannot heal.
database design performance MVP
It was amazing,was it?
Good evening #GenYBookClub. We were just talking about the scariest books on #CMLbookchat. Want to weigh in?
Very nice Gerald Clayton concert at the jazz standard tonight with Joe Sanders and Rodney Green.
I don't think I speak for just myself when I say that I wish you tweeted that much every day!
girls who have more to offer than just sex >>>
OMG! I'm thrilled that ur following me! U R beautiful & such an inspiration to me. Loves. :-)
maybe it means ugly nigga . Hm
Time to Spring forward with Danae's Creations....Get Your treats for the Spring!!!
GO #STEELERS!
Taking care of myself spiritually, emotionally, and physically... Progress is a beautiful process!
Yeah, I hate phrases like that. It's OK to use them once in a while.
Got out 3 times
As a prospector I'll put aside politics tonight. Miners of Chile, I stand with you! So you should all vote Ol' Floppy for Mayor!
Headed to school :/ i guess it's not that bad :)
"she loves her mamma's lemonade And hates the sound that goodbyes make She prays one day she'll find someone to need her."
I've gotten 3 requests to advertise on my blog over the past month... I must have passed some marketing threshold of readership...
Sometimes waiting for someone to express their feelings you end up finding out the truth during that time.
I'm intrigued: RT : If Ginny were just "shy" or "awkward" the story wouldnt work. She wasnt going to just "get over it"
"... let his displeasure be made known"
Too the MAX
This week is busy .. thinking social skills are the first to go with sleep deprivation .. and focus
Only took about 5 hours to check out of cypress. Unfortunately, half of the nail on my thumb is gone but summer is here in its own way. :)
Everything I Love the Most Gets Taken Away, My Mama and Music Is Next
aye you going out tonight or what??
Great talking to GOP faithful at the Vigo County Lincoln Day Dinner. Thanks for your warm reception and support!
Nice! He's the best available : #Texans draft K Randy Bullock from Texas A&M at No. 161 overall in 5th round”
We're making an IFLP Quick Reference Guide. Any features you want to see highlighted in this guide?
Happy Birthday, Keith!
RT : On KNUS, Lamborn's GOP primary opponent says he would not skip Obama's speech tonight.
u know it lol I love u Kidd follow me
That's a great idea. Let me go talk to some programmers about this!!!
Congrats on being the first of the guys to go! Good luck in Cleveland.
spent the last few minutes of my shift playing along with
I hope all goes well for you
Dont put your trust into anything you have to think twice about....
Live each day as if your life had just begun. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
What can be turned into bodies, stored up as selves. We're going to have to :: something else with our loves. Is that so hard to say?
#indieview A1: I give people books all year so I usually ask for bks at XMAS. I want PD James new book & Rules of Civility.
"hello, where is the library?", "Are your bidets comfortable?", "Please pass the Grey Poupon?", "Your shirt is inside out, sir."
but I will def try to do pair up of those w/phones & those without in non AP class.
I thought had potential for disaster. Would venture to say league office had a word with Mr Shows after last UK game he worked
Haha... And the snow has ended.
So freaking excited for #GRAMMYs. It's nice when it's not preempted by a UK basketball game as it was every year I lived in Lexington KY.
Don't pretend like you don't see me when you constantly sub about me.
Cafe owner admits racist remarks
did you get in on google+? any invites to offer?
everything is in the hands of the females. per usual lol
you've had a fur lift since then.
we must speak soon!
been listening to that Lito...
Morning everyone off to work
GOIDMORNING AND GODBLESS IF U WAKE UP TODAY BE THANKFUL FOR JUST THAT!
TONIGHT!!! Monthly #happyhour at Vinoteca. New Winos, come see what we're all about!
is enjoying this beautiful weather by laying out in the sun =)
Finally tired at a descent time, only problem is its actually only 9pm my time...
When Noldy Punched this nigga Marco in the face
Busy Day, into a busy week, Painting Mon. rest of week working on new company and possibly another Film/TV Gig.Any 1 want work, email me!!!
will you sing w/ your helium voice @ the atl concert in 2013? x
I think that some of the ideas that you mention apply to my field - Emergency Medicine. Let me know if you'd like to discuss.
that i am
let me see what I can do. :]
So often people are suspicious of their food - likes it's going to jump up and attack them.
Everything I had going for me was literally shut down today. I am about to snap on somebody
Go digital on those flashcards and reduce, reuse, recycle will be easy as pie, Shelby.
#whenimalone you never cease to cross my mind .. and when you do, i end up smiling, or crying.
what is the '59 in the photo?
Is there a hashtag for the first annual SF International Tea Festival Feb 25? How about #SFTea ?
Clouds and patchy fog this morning - early, that fog is really bad up around Ramona - careful! Sunny 83 El Cajon later, 72 downtown.
h always getting hit in the boob you would think I'm starting too like it..
Forgot to say Happy Birthday when we talked today...hope it's a great one!!
you are such a tweeting whore ;p
RT : As a Republican elected with Republican money.
well finally have a new computer so i'll be setting that bad girl up tonight-peace out!
Steve Smith on TNT just said Lehigh player put a Dukie in the "spin cycle!" #HOP Better change his name from Steve to THIEVE!!!
omg looking at some of my schools dance team pic there so prittey lol
your bestfriend is a wild one.
DONATE....American Heart Association. DONE ala Associacion Americana Del Corazon
Lmao ": Who the hell is that inbreed every time the #Lakers are at the foul line he is yelling. He probably sleeps with his sister."
Although we can never go back to the past, we can always remember how we felt back then.
“ ill give you a ring tomorrow for your boy lebron <U+2665>” ok
RT : "We have had the courage to raise our daughters more like our sons, but not to raise our sons like our daughters." GS.
i miss my best friend, :( we need to hang out soon!
Thank you! You are very kind.
Great Day 1. At the risk of sounding like an enormous loser, I love my job.
What a great visit today at the !
Ready to hear talk about +. I'm sure there are a lot of people on the fence about implementing this platform too.
2012 EASTER BONNET Competition Raises $3677855 for BC/EFA - Broadway World
"It's fun, good times music with a voice that borders on downright sexy." -M. Darlinson (4-star I-Tunes Review)
#HIRING financial analyst with STAT and GAAP in #TAMPA send #RESUME to
What is the best way to buy visitors section tickets for away games? I live in TN and I might make the trip for the Crew game.
OMG #honeybadger Randall is on WWHL! Bad ass.
has revamped the Prints & Photographs Online Catalog. Search more than 1.2 million digitized images! www.loc.gov/pictures
Just saw a guy with a fanny pack... My day is complete already and it's only 10:55am. Nice
“: Jonathan Vilma must feel like the one guy at a college party that got ticketed for underage drinking.”
WISN 12 groundhog does not see shadow. Spring is right around the corner! #wiwx • I like this groundhog better! :)
I wanna see the rap battle >:|
Looking forward to wandering a bit in NYC today. Central Park, MoMA, and more.
#UFC draws more 18-34 viewers on Fox than any college football game this year outside of Alabama/LSU
oh scary. Glad she's ok
I want to rage with you momma
Monotube shocks all around improve ride and enable more precise tuning
Uniting Matter & Spirit: The Role of Art in Education Another Conversation on Beauty tomorrow, 5:30-7:30 pm. Tickets at door.
Thank you so much for the follow, great to get in touch! I'll be sure to send shoutouts your way!
Roll my weed up on it that's an ass tray
We would have gotten along well - I beat box!
you know it
Well some people.
#UniãoDoTwitterSegueEuSigoDeVolta Hi! thanks for following!
Today's a fly-a-kite kinda day!
Haha, it feels like that sometimes.
There's gotta be a way to make $$$ using social media...
It all comes down to this.. I miss your morning kiss.. I wont lie im feelin' it
TGIF Heading to AIR Bar for some Happy Hour drinks!
RT : its a hoodie type of day
they should team up with STUD, the South Travis United Democrats
Bitches smut for BC
#yobitv Hello Everyone
just toured Lillstreet -- we are working on a partnership to engage kids in the 47th ward
if a plugin is not activated, then it wouldn't be the culprit.
im so late. i didnt know pandora was on the computer, i thought it was just an app...
Congrats to all the winners and a BIG THANKS to for caring about our kids and taking time to promote ABILITY and dignity.
• Seriously guys, sorry to be a pain. Just making out my sticker budget for the month. Multiple entries allowed or no?
im good, how are u cutie? where you been at stranger
So disappointed !!!!! Terrible finale!!
Look at all the peeps here !
Thank you to everyone that supported Chink! Without you there is NO way we would be able to make this movie! Stay tuned for more updates!
why do you say "shit end"?
sup folks
At ishn/cheiron in session on history of psychoanalysis
we are in intermission right now and I'm seriously love-struck <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Where and when are the qualifer(s) to get in for NorCal golfers?
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there. Bo Jackson
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples, don't count on harvesting golden delicious. - Bill Meyer
Sooner or later the real you shows up... Keep it real!
...quotation from #HALFtheSKY by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn
Do you like Leos (born in August)?
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies.
Appreciate & reciprocate the #FF Mark! some useful new twitterers in that list as well! Cheers!
Spend your lunch break at Coa and try today's torta, a chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo. ¡Riquísimo!
THE PREGNANCY PROJECT #TT!
Congratulations you Emmy-nominated producer you!
All bulk screen printing orders are 10% off for the next two days!! And giveaways in the retail store! Holy shit!! www.nightowlmerch.com
I guess Rihanna being Gay Now, Trying Something New Chris Brown won't get anymore Cake!, Cake!, Cake!, Cake! Cake! Tell me how you like it!
We take the hassle out of printing and mailing your postcards. Call us today 813-35-UNION We are union!
OMG thats where my fam is from my my grandmother is from Lex.pk my mom was born on the base there
i just forwarded you the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise single "it's on me" dirty version/instrumental/acapella
#roc couple that used the billboard to propose made national news. Crazy! Very cute though
Why did it have to rain today??
in my opinion FUCK TRIANGLES GIVE ME HEXAGONS!!
Thank you Joshua, for the tweet and for expressing the sentiment. All the best to you!
Nothing starts my morning of quite as right as when #BarneyStinson and I suit up together.
how old is nike
It is still not working. I am having to use another program until the problem is fixed
Make wishes but don't break mine
TELL HAPPY BIRTHDAY PLEASE? <3
Roses are red, violets are blue. You're with her and I'm happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. I'm just kidding, I want her dead.
There's not enough dicks in this ten feet of locker space I better try to wiggle my ass through everyone instead of waiting.
I just saw a bee for the first time in at least 6 months!
. Peoria resident here. I recommend One World Cafe or Rhythm Kitchen for veggie friendly meals. Good luck to your team!
Friday Humor: "On the other hand, you have different fingers." - Stephen Wright
Great point - advisors/mentors can learn a lot from the relationship too!
I need to go to the barbershop.
20% off any bottles of lotion! Come and get it!
o.m.f.g i forgot to tell you something. :D
"Google Art not a sharing project, but a marketing project"
are there any you are really active in? I think those are better than a bunch you just join *because*
twitter rehab? Yep I understand.
hey bro face time with me.
My 3 year old niece just said: "tia, juan pablo is going to be my boyfriend." Oh man I feel bad for my sister when she gets older.
when is it ! an meg will you dye my hair blonde underneath
well as you get older. ....you do have less control....so....I'm just saying!
. The irony of him spending 20 min on how bad "piracy" is today before getting into how breaches would destroy mkt was lost on him
im in as soon as i figure out my work schedule for that week!(:
yup yup. iMeet isn't until January 2012 :/ I assume we'll get one iCarly episode every other month at the very worst.
I wish I could be spending another night with and Too much fun last night c:
What a great work out...
part 10 to my story is up...if your not reading it get to my favorites and start!! haha hope you guys are liking it :)
New twitter background. My other one was YEARS old.
um What happened? :)
It's 2K sports, not EA Sports, that makes NBA 2K12
Fuck a nigga up if they get in ur face
Me:im so tired of MTV playn' charlie & the choco. factory lik wtf this ain disney channel Zay: aha i dnt like tht movie, it make me dizzy.
Game Time Let's Go Lakers <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
coming to you baby cakes
Another set of keys left at the ETE registration desk. Come id them and pick 'em up.
Couldn't make it to my best friends game today, but good luck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
it's a veritable hurricane of theatrical work w/ the chill as chill can be at its gooey cool center.
Jordan Jansen i love you.
I am taking tomorrow off, but taking orders for next week.
And basbousa is delicious!
lol I was reading my own message
I've been reading all these facebook posts about Jeremy Lin. I'm finally reading about whom he really is - go Jeremy! Represent!
So this random lady photographer took my photo in the subway yesterday! Is that a sign Im getting more famous? :D
you think so? how?
It's a sad day in motorsports. Rest in peace Dan Wheldon :'(
“: I just hope after my death, my neighbors doesn't have to be interviewed to say "but he seemed so normal."” I wouldn't worry
Be yourself because nobody can tell you that you're doing it wrong ~
Had a crazy ass night. Thank god for new york bagels!!!!
you damn right “: NY is not winning three more games .”
This just in: I may have an extra ticket to a delicious Georgian Feast at Levante's in Dupont Circle this Thursday if anyone is free.
five days to learn eight songs
I've been hacked. I have not sent any direct messages. If you get something about "nasty messages" and then it asks you to login - DONT.
>>>>>>> other local bands
Wade makes a shit pass... yells at Cole..
i hate espn leagues! It wont let me move Fister out of the Dl spot. Only options are Dl and drop even when i try to drop other sp
#WaysToGetOffThePhone say: "let me call you back, my battery about to die"
same here. I took it because people told me it would look good for the job search (and learned a lot!)
:-( I hope we can change hearts and minds. Thank you for all you do! :)
why? Did u post that. I was sitting next to my mom when i opened it. No warning.... nothing....
Broccoli Samurai on twitter... ah yeah!
New podcast going up later today... /via ....we can't wait to hear after that awesome set tonight!
Me and will made a remix of look at me now - look at me later look at me later cuz we getting paper eyyy look at me later ...
Let's chat after Sat.
oh it use to be all day. It use to be watchable, I don't really know why they stopped playing videos
I truly love the part where students get all fired up about what they want to argue
WHOS COMING TONIGHT!?!
Looking forward to the JDRF Real Estate Games June 9th, 16 companies joining together for the DCN team this year!
Amen to that. that's the only way to tweet- so to speak
On my way to WHMS. Great -_-
Your dream is not up there in the sky or the stars. It’s right in your heart.
Anytime I see a spider, I automatically assume it's a black widow. That's just good common sense.
How many religious or "special" days do you think the Jewish religion has?? (9) (19) (65) or (310)? Very observant people...
Any update on the Supreme and Inception football group break contest???
oh yeah i know haha i did like hales corners, greendale, and oak creek :) but like how is it, hard?
Just because I know all the words to Hotel California doesn't mean I'd ever sing it at Karaoke!
Must give credit to Fields for the pickup on Wade on that last possession.
hopefully i ACTUALLY get to see you tonight .
#Fodors100 I'm in the #Grande room ... So beautiful!
aww well you're not so bad either ;)
Still continuing the conversation.
man you crazy as h$%%l
that white-boy-rasta-rapper is the poster child for why you shouldn't do drugs.
I was worried the packers would reach on a defender but I like the pick. I know and crew did their home work.
Thanks for following Selah!
Reading Edgar Allan Poe, wondering what an episode of "That's So Raven" inspired by "The Raven" would look like.
Almost forgot her pic ...
thanks max
So true. Our lives improved dramatically when I discovered the Gentle Leader.
Smashed up all that was true
Too many good movies on today
I thought the player were gonna announce...? Didn't know Cal was gonna announce for them.
RT An #Aquarius can either be a clown or very serious
- one more plug for -kidsw/ disabilities learn independence skills for life-don't we all want indepenence?
When is the next Legends home game
because their account is overdrawn.
storyboard almost done... yeay!
mine too!!! Happy new year beautiful!
No, did not tell me..what a failure. I'm sure I know him! What did he look like?
Don't bother fighting negative thinking, the fight gives it power. Instead, listen to the soft voice that loves you.
you guys should come to the movember charity event! solidarity in facial hair!
that one gets me every time. So does 500 days of summer.
Ugh he always watching the sport center..smh
Hey man! I hear it's your birthday! Have a great one!
In bed before 9pm last night..feeling pretty awesome today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
We are big fans of Childs Pose today as it is one of the most calming and serene moves in Yoga! Need it after Monday! Namaste!
It's hard to get worked up about something so new. We really don't know anything about long-term effects, good or bad.
Check out our blog on Family Get Togethers today! #specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
I'm a great believer in luck, & I find the harder I work the more I have of it ~ Thomas Jefferson
The Rock N Roll HOF 25th anniv concert is pretty cool. Then U2 played "Magnificent"
Kobe gonna go ham tonight watch 30 points or more
All guys hate the words DONT and STOP unless their put together
reminds me of rouse too much
- just read the interviews you gave for - informative and a great read.
good luck Ginger! Enjoyed ur years of hard work in Chicago.
I need you to follow me before I can DM you!
Operation Mother's Day gift: complete
Had Mike McQueary gone to the cops when he caught #Sandusky sodomizing a boy in the shower, #Joe Pa woudn't have been dragged into this mess
good morning
was the voice of the old secretary in Monsters inc.?
I got all ur porn movies do u have real orgasms on screen
Bout to eat this pizza with
I'm getting the KFC shakes, any update on when I can get my fix? :)
This is what dreams are made of
tks for sharing : )
Nah, your just another One Direction fan
I don't know why I can't shake this cough or sniffly nose. Very annoying.
I can watch tv shows about Amish people all day.
It's crazy that is at #400kMahomies . Ive been here since the beginning, and watching him on this journey is amazing <3
If you don't ask, you will never know.
I've finally consumed the Lady Gaga Kool-Aid...just downloaded The Fame for the first time. It's a slow burning love affair.
I'm thinking you. Some coffee. And some tennis tomorrow.
If my alarm doesn't go off tomorrow, I might punch a brick wall. And then probably proceed with bashing my head into it.
sounds lovely...everything except the snowflakes part! lol
Made it to Utah....
Happy Easter! I'm craving Honey Baked Ham.....
and now you spend more time with them then wiht me and dont tell me im a stranger bcuz ive tried but everytime i try to seak you
Will Ferrel is always a suitable break to the day :)
Wishing there were more 15s to ballard after 6
Cougars or Aztecs more overrated team in the Mountain West Conference? BYU survives scare from Wyoming & SDSU trails CSU/2nd half.
who has ever ate a head?
I have you on the 30th.
Thanks for the #FF Norma! Right back at ya! Hope you have a rockin' weekend!!
I'm in, Uganda. #stopkony Invisible Children
I Cant Wait Til Tomorrow :-)
Lol this is why we need at LEAST 200 characters. Gotta get the whole point across. Not half. Haha
almost certainly!
FYI smoke it all up in Las Cruces, NM. Check point on I10 shortly after.
Why does reading about binge eating and compulsive eating make me want to eat everything in the house? Irony, you are a fickle bitch.
That I am!
well i wasn't going name names! lol
I don't regret fighting for you, I won't give up on you because you're exactly what I want.
Aug. 2, 1858: On ths day, the 1st mailboxes wr installed along streets of Boston & NY City. The idea of mailboxes began in Belgium in 1848
Mamas, don't let your babies grow up to be lawyers. RT : Why don’t kids want to be lawyers any more?
RT : "Unless women are prepared to fight politically they must be content to be ignored politically." Alice Paul, 1920
Poor Ahmed Johnson.
good question!
It's official, has Text A.D.D.
if he was just a white kid from Harvard he.wouldnt get this attention
ha! and its not even happy hour yet RT Omg 's Man Candy is to.die.for
does that mean you can go screw yourself?
What's good today?
Looks like you need to change your handle then...
You're welcome :)
Bout to walk to the gas station and get something for my throat. It feels awful
If you're not already a member of Designer Marketplace, you should be! Wonderful to hear you and clients love our products!
Abby comes home tomorrow! I can't wait! I miss her!
unfortunately i don't think it is... Im utterly #shocked and #disgusted Not what we needed right now
Awww! Yay for Skyping! :) Good way to be reading partners when you're so far away.
It's a Monday night. RT Downtown Seattle is completely empty. Where the Hell is everyone?
get here!
is the lamest person i've met.
Great news for library metrics: Navy Library Program estimates ROI of $7 to every dollar invested for goods and services
Patience young grasshopper. The world has not seen you shine yet, but soon… It will be blinded.
One persons art is another's #yarnbombing it's all creative and beautiful..
Senate HELP Committee beginning their roundtable discussion on #ESEA and
You WILL follow on Twitter whether you like it or not!
On stage you're free. You can say and do things that if you said and did any place else, you'd be arrested.
So do ours!
oh, you're using techno to refer to any electronic music vs. the genre. nevermind, was prematurely excited ;)
aw thanks babe! I didn't even realize!
Happy Look ALike Day!!!!
What's that? First day of spring? HOORAY! HOORAY! HOORAY! Finally!
My numbers for the tourney are 1 for the winning teams and 6 for the losing teams.
My next book will be Moby Dick. Finally. 12 years in school and this was never assigned.
Some of these kids nowadays are so disrespectful
#word2thewize5 co-main event vs. gonna be crazy!!!
haha you and me both!
What's up? I'm ready!
Awesome! thank you so much!!! :-)
I couldn't agree more!!
3 hrs of % of radioactive elements found in drinking water wells
I'll attempt to make it, I may have to be in Portland Wed/Thurs.
you too!
Congrats! Great job!
I JUST WASTED 8 HOURS IN THE ER FOR NOTHING UGH
today has been an awful day.
enjoyed watching this, who produced it, nice job!
Monday Special Includes a 10% discount for all Twitter...ers Just tell the sales person you are twitter.
Awesome job performing today at Second City Chicago !
hey stranger
WE THE BEST
I don't think so, but lots of day cares/churches/womrnes shelters do.
Jamming to Florence + The Machine while kneading pizza dough >>>>>>>>>>
Amazing weather in the Keys this winter. Why not plan a visit?
I feel like band was just a huge waste of my time :/
Knowing that my letters mean SO Much to my friend in the navy gives me the greatest joy, to know that i actually mean something to some1:)
I voted for her<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
it's ON! (when we're in for a strategy sesh, of course) sorry your desk mates don't have skillz like us :)
Ah, I think I've heard at least a few people express a similar opinion. So now the dilemma of whether I should watch anyway...?
I love how story telling in wrestling is 99 percent common sense, but we always find ways to fuck it up.
I've seen Widespread Panic, Kelly Clarkson & Salt 'N Pepa at the site of the #CNNDebate. Slightly different crowds.
because i have an espresso maker. It's just that simple, sometimes
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! Heard it on the radio and loved it!
At least it proves the ad buy didn't affect the editorial? Surprising, given the level of cross-promotion on morning shows.
What are your plans for #Thanksgiving? Will you be in #BatonRouge for the showdown? Will you be staying with us?
I wish we all didn't have feelings, life would be so much easier!
...lady responded w/hand gestures (shooing away) and said "GO AWAY"...
Dear , why are you so perfect?
Good talks with Pastor Noel>>
New Policy: For those who follow only until you follow them, I am now not only unfollowing, I'm blocking you to prevent it happening again.
Stomp on those Clippers and make your city proud!
defense is crazy!!!!!!
Great to be there!! First time ever! You were a joy to hear. Let's work on a duo?
lmfao love it to ha
Who knew that 5 hours in an airport waiting for a flight could be so productive?
have you played The Walking Dead video game? it is pretty amazing . . . and craycray.
Some of the discussions I've heard are powerful reminders of what's really important.
I made an iconic twitter go follow it! (:
I think I agree with the whole instagram thing even though I have an andriod cause u,cant bbm on a iphone cause tht would b wack as hell
Pilates can be adapted for people at any level of fitness, including those with injuries and limitations.
I am hoping you didnt bet to much on the Knicks/Heat (only one game...i know).
It's tasty. Though I prefer the shawarma with hummus on it and lots of habanero hot sauce.
What you don't learn is how hard love is. How much work it takes. How much of ourselves we have to put into it.
come to the customer appreciation sales event!
RT : #BigShoutOut to everyone who put in work in the gym this week!Keep doing your thing!
Why is he out?
YES! google+ iPhone update!
same. Going back to get that giant whiskey bottle tomorrow.
Let's Go
Today was a challenging day. Nothing went right from my first step out of bed till now. Oh please let tomorrow be better!
but, the bands are not looking to promising
Have you tried a bit of white toothpaste?
Congrats to Natural Selection's Robbie Pickering & on your Spirit Award nominations (Best First Feature, Best Female Lead)!
A3b. NOT having experience with mental illness in yourself or those you know may add to the confusion, denial in survivors
Always me
You play fantasy, Mr. Harris?
#HappyMothersDay to all you beautiful moms out there. Being a mom is the best blessing from God! I'm so blessed and so thankful to God. <3
do you know remember your job ?
20 years of being a fan, I honestly can't believe what I'm seeing in them lately
The only relevant question is, does the #melo trade make the #nuggets a better team?
I couldn't agree more with this statement
You got hacked!
it was the fourth of the three dutch archivists
Craft is really hard not to like. My guess is even Michigan fans don't hate him. They may not like him... but don't hate him, per se.
Lazy Saturday.
Time for a nice hot shower to warm me up. I'm freeeeezzzziiinnnggg in here! lol
My fingers hurt from playing guitar, but it was fun worshiping in Connection Groups tonight!
Big game for MU today, bummed it's not televised. I'm counting on you, twitterverse, for a solid play-by-play.
I fuckin love dria so much I couldn't count how many times I say I love u.
Say something is worth all the missed ustreams.
It is the day after the day of christmas. Wish I was working, there would be something to do.
"Off week" in Waukesha... Downtown people are leaving the drama behind... I am not the only one it seems...
dear woman, the next time he breaks your heart, break his xbox or ps3.
They up in here playing Usher "Yeah" this song never gets old.
My boyfriend was driving on the wrong side of the road.
Thanks! I'm really loving it, both Seattle and the new job. Miss you guys though!
Mark your calendars- May 19th, Water front park in Louisville- Join us for the 8th Annual Horses and Horse Power Car Show...
Since you four are the only people who've ever tweeted me,be aware I've changed my twitter name
<U+266B> The sheik he drove his Cadillac He went a' cruisin' down the ville The muezzin was a' standing On the radiator grille <U+266B>
eat a polish, some pizza, beef sandwich, and my favorite, Tom Tom tamales. Have a great vaca
Question: How do you use the influence feature on #klout?
can. We. Do. That?
Looking forward to #dsum12 tomorrow!
I am horrible at your drops! 0 - 4. 2 Totoro, Mario, now Zelda. Its enough to make you cry!
“ “ vagina is like the weather... once it's wet, it's time to go inside.””
I had just had a surprise visit at my job!!!!!! Thanks foo, I was happy huh!!! Lol
wish you never told me that :/
said..... "I feel like a giraffe is just a a fucked up ass horse"
Today, Feb. 28th is Poole Spirit Night from 5-8. Come out and show your support for Poole!
No you don't. That curly hair in your profile pic is mine. Says it all!!!!
It's Follow Friday!! You really should be following
Wish I was seeing #HungerGames tonight!
Back to basics. Ate well, went to the beach, played violin, ranted on twitter. Focus on body, nature, creativity, self-awareness
Oh that was awesome with such a good old tune.You're right. New Mexico would be lucky to have him play his alternative style.
Wicked smart. MT Hesitant to return to #alamw12 during "waiting for the exhibits to open". On the pool deck of the sheraton.
I want to start a travel blog, maybe I should use Wordpress.
sometimes i wish i had a heart.
Orange Cup & Red Mango yogurts much healthier than delicious peppermint ice cream from Braum's but we will let it pass....
Bill Rogers says is adding two cask ale lines and an expanded, upgraded patio. Target date is 4-yr anniv. on 6/9.
First female jockey to win the Kentucky oaks!
If it wasn't for my mom an lil bro, I'd really have nothing to lose.
The conversation has shifted so much in the past year -- we're asking different questions, making different arguments.
DirecTV stopped airing FOX59 at 11:59 pm Sat.,March 31,2012, If your thinking about switching to DirecTV why take the risk of missing FOX59?
Thanks for tweeting! Some followers wanted us to share the link : )
yes... i'm listening to Da' Dip and eating tagalongs. it's friday.
always always always!!
Thanks to all of our supporters and #mobileadvocacy is becoming a reality for The Children's Movement of Florida. Stay tuned.
I love you! <3 You're awesome. <333
A friend with weed is a friend indeed- leprechaun in the hood
It's a spoiler but I'm glad to know. I would have accepted nothing less!
AINT WENT TO BED YET
really? mine too.
Get out Saturday and cheer on at #RoseGarden as they look to finish off in Game 5
no she did not
#HowToGetRejected Not having any respect for yourself.
So What?
You know where to find me!
#TodayImWearing The lingering smell of Armani, the long left aroma of fog and sex, and a v-neck.
Thank you, Clifford Roberts + Bobby Jones. Augusta leadership in perpetuity...
Ugh I Hate Fruit D:
I lived without you all my life and now I can't picture what tomorrow would be like if you weren't there with me. </3 :(
Clips need a rallying slogan for their playoff run. What do u think?
"It don't matter... My pockets got fatter..."
we'll be there, you?
the things peolpe put under ''free'' on craigslist cracks me up!
Guy working at Texas roadhouse in Louisville wearing UK gear, jorts, and a fake unibrow. #BBN WeAreUK
That's all we wanted for Zimmerman to Be Charged! Thank You Ms. Special Prosecutor!
Random Presidential fact: The “S” in Harry S Truman doesn’t stand for anything; therefore, there is no period after his middle initial.
That's cool that you think of me time to time. So when I get there do you have a big hug for me?
Thanks. Looking forward to it.
So tired. Feet hurt. Paperwork out my ears. Must be the first week of school.
YAAAAAY “: yes, , look! RT : Happy National Princess Week”
Another great event by and team!
If I could i'd move to Europe c:
- Looks like its already there. Just sayin'
Tweet, tweet
And then the bus driver shut the door in my face despite there being lots of room.
coy RT : Coy
now you're in my neck of the woods!
mahniggga you will!
Waiting for the Douglas-truth library to open. *Open open open (mervyns commercial)
I like your attitude!
- thanks for following - Mark your calendars - October 15th - Halloween Costume Dance Party - 21+ $5
:thank you for the mentions!
thanks for the follow. Love the milkshakes and the milk chocolate turtles!
Family....Why are you so annoying?
get the fire extinguisher RT : I think my computer is smoking! LOL
lifes an instrumental. stay on beat.
with a name like richierich, seems to me like you're just a bit envious of what MB has... Shut up already
- I LOVE you More doll! ;) xox
Did you say yutes? What is a yute?
The custom CPU (central processor) of the HP-85 from 1980 runs at 0.6MHz.
yes I did. Your table white gatto blanco is delicious!
66 days until MLB spring training begins. Thank god.
Any of my Houston friends have a lowrider bike, and actually ride it?
REALLI NEED A FEATURE....DM ME.
is going to be hot, take advantage when they launch!
Was a great lunch. We'll have to do it again!
sat. 19 come already !!
I spoke to Sara, briefly. Lovely to meet her
Follow and I will DM a famous person for you and tweet a pic for proof x
Same to you! Hope you left him some milk and cookies. :)
It's a joy to watch you all guide the Muse so smoothly & stylishly.
haha I know, I remember when your dog peed in the bed. That was gross
Yeah that freshman you are tweeting about is more of a woman than you'll ever be
White t-shirts are cheap? Why have a "white out" when the away team wears white?
awesome! I'll be out and about in town this weekend :) hope to see you!
that golfing thing u wanted, I got dat ESP when my dad gets back, I dont want no tix I'm helping u and u helping golf!
Hats off to the bull, great cd!!
#np Climax -Usher
#KSsynapse L.van Aelst (CSHL): finds differential role of oligophrenin in syn development early vs. mediating mGluR LTD in mature synapses.
Hey, guess what. I tweeted you :D
I'll take anything. I just need new stuff. All the good music sites shut down and I feel like i'm falling behind.
Didn't realize how useful they were until they died. Now I have to physically press the "next" button to go to the next song :(
2nd mention of the buggy whip I've seen today. It's 9:10am. RT Will snow days go the way of the buggy whip?
Rude things people say when they're drunk are lame.
My brother screamed "im a flying squirel rat bitch!!!!!!"
Anyway ... I wonder wat Tati's doing :)
I like that one!
I wouldn't say we need volunteers...how about "active supporters". Keep us in your loop and we'll keep you in ours as we move ->
Cleansing the negative & unnecessary in my life. I'm ready and it feels great. Strong foundation, good health, open mind, ambition
um next time i post something wrong about sports on twitter and u dont text me immediately im tickeling u to death!!!!
it sure is.
S/o to the beautiful happy birthday !! <3 I adore you :*
To the driver and riders on the 150 to Kent this morning, thank you for the funniest and kindest ride I've ever had.
bucket list: get you to follow a bitch
like what you like. I'm happy someone has an actual opinion, too many yes men out there.
hi logan! I've been really busy lol how have you been?
woah! well if you go huge-er... that might limit your options a bit more. Not sure how image quality would hold up past a point
Giant thanks to everyone who came out and stuck around to see us play!! We had tons of fun tonight and can't wait to do it again! <3
Going to a battle of the bands tonight to cheer on my friend's band Skye Prison.
Did anyone miss Wikipedia yesterday?
RT : Stress is nothing more than a socially acceptable form of mental illness. ~Richard Carlson
Hey Chellsie, thanks for following, I will definitely be careful.
lmaoo. I will use it forever.
You guys how long are we gonna keep up this 'FF' charade?
haha i seen that this morning!
Jay-Z in one ear, police scanner in the other. Eight million tabs open. Feels good to be back in the editor's seat.
Cutting people off
I really wanna be at the lake right now(:
Now that school is over I have more time to read ALL the books!
Hello there (:
I burn easy Mac... LOL
haha dont sweat it. . . Im on and off too XD
We are breaking for 20 minutes for lunch.
When does the new season of the X Factor start...
ISO someone willing to volunteer one day in Nov. to show girls ages 8 - 12 how to develop apps using Scratch. Know someone? DM me.
#NF rich ass
I applaud the stream quality. Viewing the recaps here in #CLT Fantastic work!
There are always good and bad things in your life. Just focus on the good things and not the bad ones. It's that simple.
Don't worry fans... I swear an EP will come out this summer... anyone with ideas on how to turn into live show lemme know
RT : RT : #Valentine'sDay Studies show that when you are attached to another person your pupils will enlarge!
-Love your site doll! have a fabulous day! xox
Your Welcome Sis glad i made your Day Better <3 youh always make my Day (: :)ILYShawty<3
same here se they better not !
I hate the he said she said game. Or in this case, she said she said. :/
hah well done. Will have to try to recruit you to my canton league team in the offseason if ur current team doesn't franchise you
Where have I been? In the summer fog-getting back on track in the midst of chaos-new posting on Sunday
Aww! Dimples. Did you do one?
Headed to Pacha club in NYC!!! Let's get this party started right!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#np "Bottom Of The Sea" - So so good.
Who is going to the Steelers Fan Fest Saturday ??? Me !!;-)
Let's go #UNC!
oh so right after school's out... well thats fun still! (there will be fireworks when im there tho ;p )
so true.
#HISD next week.......SPACE UP!
The goal of education is to replace an empty mind with an open mind. -Malcolm Forbes
Merry Christmas! Wishing you and your family timeless and classic hair and makeup looks for an unregrettable picture in years to come! xoxo
Pedrioa is going to steal here.
Amazing Grace <3 God is so good!
Can't wait for the show
LMAO. U big baby. Just hold ya nose chew the garlic, chase it with the OJ. U be aight. Betta than gettin sick round them kids.
I would be sad..
I see is to bussy to follow or reply me... *sigh*
I WAS THERE FOR THAT. ASAP MOB WAS TURNT UP POURED UP
got a date for prom:)
Are you spread too thin at work? Ed Muzio to the rescue in his book, Make Work Great! Meet Ed in Denver Sept 15 www.ispi-frc.org
“: List of which New Girl director and cast commentaries are worth listening to.”
omg that would be amazing. but i don't know when my next trip home will be. i'll keep you posted.
The Garden is Rocking
#MyBiggestFlaw im insecure.
180 dbs of sound pressure are created to scare fish into the Humpback's bubble net! That's like an airplane!
Ahh i actually passed last weeks test with an A!! So happy!! I just hope i passed todays test! Atleast now i know i cant fail the class:)
do it up Jason!!! Best of luck on your filmic endeavor!
sorry Alex, MANY more peeps than we expected.
that's good advice. Core loyalty and ambassadorship is essential.
TY!! Casting Networks has been a major tool in furthering my career and helping my get auditions and much needed exposure!
WHAT A GREAT WEEKEND IT WAS! Had fun and saw an old friend from Portland...good times. MONDAY...LET'S GET THIS MESS OVER WITH!
Stick it is on:D
I am a little! but yeah you're right not really haha :)
OLA I'm so glad you on "twutter"!
lookin like barbie
Wow , nice attitude. Where'd you get it at? 'Abercrombie and Bitch?' c;
I love waking up in what I wore last night
You know what I love about rap music?a man can love a pair of shoes so much that he writes a whole song about them. Air force ones
You doing ok? It missed me to the south a ways.
Buckholtz: goal is rapid public access to ALL raw and processed data in real time.
Yeah, duuh. And I think you have the world's most recognizable fingertips.
I like #AdobeCS6 on the #cloud Out May 7th & I'm ready
It is as simple as you told me: I love you and you love me. Hold on to that and never ever let go.
We're excited to welcome the first Lunch and Learn of YP Week in just a little bit... yay for Biking and Transit in Milwaukee!!!
I feel so special then! You definitely made work.. uhh.. fun ;D lol
Truth ": KU may have won, but all of America lost for having watched that. #fact #kubball #kstate"
Santorum's the more genuine idiot. But I think he might be a (razor-thin) marginally better human being than Romney.
Whats the craziest buzzer beater you were apart of??
Learned all about today. Awesome platform for tracking conversions and monitoring social media. Cannot wait to use it!
": U of O official says if Chip Kelly is talking to Tampa Bay, "that's news to me." Nothing official from school.
UCOL Technology Services has several Flips available for checkout to UCOL faculty for our classes
So far terrible Saturday.
Only 3 finals left....how hard can it be?
I hate #Philly fans
What ever happened to Dejuan Wagner?
Busy. Waiting for the season!!!
Tebow is not NFL QB worthy, he's not good in my book.
theres more to me then my appearance!!
Thankful for the best friends on the planet.
We live in a house & my mom wants to move to an apartment? -______- no nigga.
We called them "double-days" here in CA as well. Brought me back to puking up powdered Gatorade after conditioning. Miss that.
RT - Miami dolphins coach got a slick mouth. Ass didnt win 1 game this season yet.
helloo :) how was your day?
weres sum minnesota love at retweet show sum love
What's going on in Cincy June 9th?! Hotels are booked like crazy.
This works? It would lead my students to text on purpose.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Mahatma Gandhi
People dont even stand up when they're leaving for the bathroom.
Sirloin on the grill from Bunzels, sauteed shrooms cooking, baked potatoes on the grill, and New Glarus beer in hand.
awesome! I helped on the why archive? thing, which they made into a great little movies
Morning and happy Friday everyone! What's everyone got planned for the weekend?
11 is pretty cold. but at least you got to stay in bed. I still had to make it to the office this AM.
"According to international restaurant consultancy group Baum + Whiteman in New York, Korean cuisine is predicted to emerge as a...
the floor actually looks better!!! Lol!!!
RT IF YOUR A FAN OF JUSTIN BIEBER
All super cute, i think i love the green the most!
yeah i dyed it too.. ill send you a picture.. i might have to go over them with puff paint. :\
babysitting 9 very young kids = pure chaos. but still so much fun :)
People do know what they have in front of them, they just don't think they'll lose it.
I've been feuding with my teacher the past couple of weeks about my grade and it looks like I'm going to come out the winner.
Divas in Mexico are a source of national pride for their voices, bodies, divine traits and relation to Europe.
Anyone have any Coke rewards points they don't want?
It's alot of hoeing in Los Angeles!! Daam!!
Lowkey, I've always wanted to date you doe...
#sljsummit10 don Leu International Assessment Initiatives PISA International Assessment of Reading - Digital Literacies
Don - how is business going?
i hear you on that :)
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL so much that we are willing to tweet this until it trends!
#timetravel is awesome dude. I love the sound of it!
we've got to come up with a name for our band!
I know! I can't cause my dads home.
Tomorrow will definitely be an errand day...oh joy.
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful"
Did you mean Keir? I could see that -- but then I also have about 22 seasons to go before I get promoted to fanboy...
I think you have forgotten about us we are too here but never say never and we miss u
No one's taking on his contract.
RT : Great way to start the week- #coasset passes 3rd reading in the Senate 20-14! Now, on to the House.
I REALLY want sex right now. I seriously need it. BADLY.
I do completely understand and appreciate that. We're willing to work with anyone who wants to read our stuff. :)
forwarding your message to our music director. Take care and try to have a good Holiday!
it's always times like these that i think of you & i wonder if you think of me.
"Sigh..." the challenges with a chat system :(
The Smashing Acorn Squashes
Thanks for the mention!
Ayanbadejo's tweet led me to that. How he knows what the suicide note said? No clue.
If you need some footage filmed or a music vid while you're in Dallas,TX im here bruh...
anybody tryna give me a shoutout!! ill give you one back!
Junior Seau died??? What??
when will you be able to practice again?
Wishing My Friend And Client The Best Game Possible During Super Bowl XLVI. Let's Go Christian Hopkins And The NY GIANTS
In English class.. Doing nothing. The usual..
Time 4 bed work at 5am
done with the writing part of assignments, now comes the fun part developing them
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so
Oregon weather in Los Angeles. I like it!
if you werent a surfer what do you think you would be doing right now?
The only way the Comcast DVR UX could be any worse is if it just did random things when you pressed buttons on the remote.
Michigan is having Mississippi weather:-) kind of makes me home sick!!!
Well its actually a series Called the Revenge . Well hey don't worry soon u will be able to get some rest
Has anyone written a fictionalized account of the events surrounding "The Trial of the Century"? cc:
GOOD GRACIOUS IT'S HOT AS HELL IN MY ROOM
lmao! you could of said hi too.
? would you ever retire or step down from the rap industry?
for florida?
Just spent 5 min contemplating contacting someone at a film company that I'm no longer in touch with. Eventually went with "Let it go, Ted."
he was starring at the prompter the whole time it was funny
Yeah, not a chair who doesn't want to be a chair and is forced to because they are next in line of seniority.
New agency! !!
#mlanet12 Yea couldn't be time zone w/ you. LOL!
Thanks for the shout out! Takes one beauty to know another! :-)
wakin up in the morning 2 hoes laying next to me plus i heard an officer arrested me good weed and cold drinks that's the muthafuckin recipe
NW Sports Tonight! We give away an MLB2K12 game between 6pm and 6:30...tune into
That's what I usually do. I have 12 absences and 27 tardies for first period.
": Real bosses can make people work for them. But still know how to do it all themselves."
": “: did you make par?”course record 60" not bad for 9 holes.
Best part of working this early is getting my day started off right with Bob & Brian.
Melvin Gordon rushes for a 2-yard touchdown for the first-team offense.
loving the mission: to make the green economy inclusive! learned a lot at the symposium. big thanks to howard & green for all
trust the young teams! young and fresh.
Those roadshows are always a lot of fun. Wi-Di worked really well, too.
Right now, our 2012 summer interns are in the air and headed toward Iraq!
Do you like Charles music, too?
Luv is not A JErRY-CURL.Put Sum Activator on everything curln up right 4 us.solve issues in a adult manner were rentin our Bodies from God.
Missed the editorial on Waldorf Education in Madison on today? Its airing again at 2 pm! Tune into 89.9 FM!
definately. Just worried that we ignore divorce, pornography, adultery, etc (things we do) and fight gay marriage (thing we dont)
Will do
- hey man would love too. mid Jan? send me a email to lets make it happen
Guilt draws me down like a stone, it chokes my throat and gnaws my bones.
the heat would probably get a new coach then
Doing your make up in the car is not the easiest thing to do.
X-Factor is just another American Idol, just a different name.
I think every whore in Memphis was just on stage at Three Six.
Don't let the rain ruin your day. We will have basketball on today, drinking games and the most important.... The beer, we have it!
It's funny how so many LU students get caught up in this bubble and don't realize that this isn't the real world.
please follow me demi <3 and stay strong......
Working late
it's your fault Trey! I had to go download Forever Reign. :)
Hosting a teacher workshop on #health nutritionist shared: study shows that kids with a TV in their room have higher rates of
very excited!!
Today is the last lecture for my theatre class....I'm glad I made it through the semester!
Q1: I already have a Series 5 so of course I want a Series 9 to compare it to.
this is equivalent to an 0-1 start for the Patriots. The ship can be righted!
do I need to pick you up?
ugh i know i been thinkin bout u though
Keep walking in purpose, focus and favor!! , , , ,
PLEASE SERIOUSLY FOLLOW ME BACK PLZ I LOVE U GUYS!!!!!
nope..not untill july..lol only a couple months! lol
yeah ill do that. Now?
Grandchildren are great! Glad to be with all 5 ours in Lexington this weekend.
Sex aint better than love. it's just a good ass bonus to it lol
Thank you for following! Be sure to also check out for the latest in marketing, advertising, pr and graphic design.
Congrats to on your new deal with HarperPress. Great concept with "History in an Hour" ebooks/apps.
Want to be this weeks #MarqueeMonday twitter winner? RETWEET this for a chance to see your name in lights!
#NYC librarians will be happy to give advice & tips, I'm sure. Me included, obvs.
thanks for sharing info about pertussis!
I am gifting 3 of tonight's song by Tony Lucca to the first 3 people that RT my last tweet!!!!
I am
Yay Colston is still with the #Saints! Now let's get the rest done!
thanks so much Jennifer!!! *^* VP
when does Cathedral of Learning do Festival of Lights?
hi darling i am back from the cave:)
the sad thing? It's not for school
saw you on the top of the WOMMA sponsors list. Nice work! You speaking or just on party duty?
#thingswelearnedontwitter everyone named Brian Wilson is nuts.
GM my Tweeter FAM..whats on the agenda for this weekend? writing and more writing for me.
There's a special place in hell for people who "reply all" to bulk e-mails with stupid comments like "Thanks!" "got it!" "Great."
Same here just can't wait till summer break
Despite everything, I'm still so proud of the Ravens - what a great season they had! Next year boys! Ok, c'mon now Giants & kick some ass!
This girl be all over me like white on rice but i love her so much 4-3-12(:
I love working with #entreprenuers the energy is so much fun!
Nice to be a brass player on Christmas. I have a gig with a brass #quartet in #Minneapolis. Sound the trumpet! (or in this case #flugelhorn)
Back on the treadmill!! Whoop whoop!! Been too lazy recently with working out, but it's such a great way to start the day!!
#middlemen an amazing movie!
Relationship is the social equity the results from effective marketing.
: Your lips on my lips...
"puts finger in ya face " Don't talk bout Lebron Women!
Ugh , i know its someones birthday tmrw but who.
Can we exchange emails for blog chat? Mine is goodlanderg[at]si[dot]edu
lunchtime workout?! I could use a serious break from projects and powerpoints!
My dad says i should apologize to my mum for being rude and inconsiderate towards her. I'm not apologizing for something i haven't done.
crazy night? Aha
What Up Bro? Hey Sometime Next Week U Needa Come Thru I MAY Have Some Things 2 Discuss Wit You
I am to trilled to be working with some producers in diffrent countries......yes turkey and britan omg yall so not ready but I am.
#np Don't let me down ~ The Beatles
it's national grilled cheese day! Here I come!!!
Hot new design coming next couple weeks
douchey thing to say but I have to agree...
#Loex2012 last session Designing Winning Recipes: Librarians Working with Faculty to Create Meaningful Online Instruction for 1st years
RT : Everyone should follow ! Awesome upcoming series!
So as we agree to coordinate funding for Europe debt issues, we devalue the $
...and the guy in the other end, the locomotive, sounded the horn only once, probably to make him stop. Lmao!
Today's tweet sponsor: Horfinger's Baby Food for Adult Babies. The only baby food for adults who get off on acting like babies.
YAY!! I have to work thursday night though but you can stay at the house of course!
New default photo :]
RNC has The Tampa Bay Forum rented for 50 days! Wow!!
Ohio. Oh god, I'd surely die on that boat!
I would be that the .com for the Pirates has a link.
lol what where?
Just woke up from a dream within a dream within a dream within a dream. That was a really confusing dream though
Common STL my peeps from the Lou. Let's kick that shehawks ass! Oh sorry cuz out in seattle but I still love ya
Middlebrooks has an extra base hit in all 4 ML appearances. Not bad.
Rangers rockin da house! One more to make the books.
When I said I was in #TheGoodWife withdrawal, I didn't mean I wanted Danaeyrs to act like Grace Florrick.
Resolved: My only real limitations are my own imagination, motivation, and determination. (Ok, and maybe my own procrastination)
late to the party, but your Technologies of the Text class looks great. And exhausting. Which I think are often the same thing
You better be nice to !
Chuckle for today: Michael Lombardi posting a link to an article on improving your credibility
Hopefully Amanda tonight(:
Loving the International Interprofessional Conference!
Haight street has dry mouth
Charity separates the rich from the poor; aid raises the needy and sets him on the same level with the rich. ~Evita Peron
done done done.
Huge WIN 4 the 2night!! Great improvement this season and please vote 2 the AllStar game hes earned it!
Fxck!! Forgot my wallet at home
(Yawn) Coffee pls.. its gloomy out! Don't wana get outta bed..ugghkk! Ipod Touch+wifi=<3
Thank you!! Okay, Colaire babies I can deal with. Alex and Em are just Aw. Seb will help with setlist, etc. When are you
I'm sleepy!
If you live in fear of the future because of what happened in your past, you won't enjoy your present.
Looking at the list of everyone we lost in 2012. Still can't believe most of them are gone.
Why do people who work in professional service companies ask stupid questions about my marketing strategy in Twitter?
- it added to it in some crazy manner. Great event with some sick super fights from world class BJJ guys and gals.
Are you spreading Love, Today?
When we heal the earth, we heal ourselves. - David Orr
When I entered city limits it was 82°… It is now 91° 5 miles south… By the time we get to Omaha is going to be 210° at this rate
Happy Birthay, i love you<U+2665>!
The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable. - Jim Davis
Hey, Hogan Gidley, you need a new barber.
Taking an awesome dump at the goodwill, thank gawd they have decent restrooms
Is it just me, or would the web app really benefit from a scroll to top button?
We Gone Have FUN !
Awesome! Write them right!
oh wow. A wonderful edition to the ranks of service. I used to be an Americoprs mbr. Inception group actually.
LOL! A blind squirrel finds a nut every once in a while! =D
Dogs do not bark at parked cars. Have you parked your dreams?
By the way, condoms aren't the only form of birth control. Pills aren't cheap.
Awh I bet she is! Does khali play with her at all or is she scared of her??
MY BACKGROUND<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
RT if you're not smoking today. Or ever.
Why isn't it friday
ahaha yeah sure :') but im liv ein new york will im in los angels right now with ma sister for the summer
We have the same name . Haha , btw Im not mentioning you in my tweet last month . It's just unexpectable
- Nice pix! Great to put a face with the name :)
#Avengers pulled in over 200 Million in 3 days making it the quickest film in history to do so!! I love comics
Nah, he's "straight." So I just sucked him, thought he got really into it. I'll get him to give me head soon, I kno it.
NICK CANNON IM DONE WITH YOUR SONG ALREADY!
Best Indian #food for #SXSW goers: #GarageMahal. Go. Eat. Naan. Best burgers: #Hopdoddy. Best place to #peoplewatch?
mine too :)
We welcome to twitter! Thanks for following us! You're a legend, and we're huge fans.
I'd start looking for Aristotle's treatise on comedy, of course. It's got to be in there somewhere, right?
#MarchMadness it's go time! Get those brackets filled!
There's something so cozy about listening to Speak & Spell. Makes me happy. I was SO young when that came out!
yeah...dope. Cats from The Smokey City Cartel were sportn ur clothes last yr in a video I shot for them.
What does it matter that I preach to save souls but we get sick and die because we don't take care of the temple of God. Free Health Fair!
Do you think indie bands still need their own web site??? I don't!!! (explain)
All persons weighing under 90 lbs. are advised to employ the buddy system today.
we have semi matching hair color preferences. mine is special effects candy apple red and black. :)
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
let me know if you are looking for any late 30's overweight defensemen. I'm available
Having an ice cream lunch was great, but I'm one hungry hippo now!
You know I have a concussion when it's 8:40pm and I wanna go to bed..
she's bringing her hot friend
Be The Ladder. And it basically an inspirational story of overcoming complacency and being successful...a liberal nightmare.
Whose side are you on? Get with the program.
thanks for the #mfing name idea
Enjoying this chocolate milkshake
I think I read about that today (can't find link) Democracy Now reminds me of a lefty foxnews. I just want the info
I'm not dissing her. I just don't want her to date my man. :P Banana slug!
STOP LIKING AND COMMENTING ON EVERYTHING AAAHHHH
think LOTR meets the Sapranos. Lots of moving parts and characters.
that $10 off code for our twitter followers is still valid! use the code: TWITFOLLOW at checkout to get $10 off when you buy 2 shirts :)
not no...but hell no..his still a jerk. I hope the Pack kick his ass. Oh yeah Bear fans get of that koolaide you guys beat sea
that's tough. Check out our menu, any of the candy themed drinks would work well: I love the Almond Joy, Mocha Joe, & Buckeye
Can you elaborate? I'm not (at all) disagreeing, but I'm no where near as in touch with the scene as you (an artist). Really curious!
A little bit naughty is a lil bit nice. Feeling bad has never felt this good
plus they make me look more followed than I am.
#shitguyssay I just had a 7.6 in my pants
Females be so slick with they shit
I'm about 72 hours from launching my new website. Stay tuned!!!
#askharry what sound does a zebra make?
We appreciate your support!
*reports as double spam* RT : Right shit boring RT : I dnt get how guys can watch ESPN all freakin day!
thanx “: #ShoutOut to my new follower ”
Because of me?
Say my name, say my name.
rain + san antonio drivers + 5 o'clock traffic = impending doom. Be careful out there.
Cause we are sistas we stand together we make up one big family though we don't look the same!
thanks for the love world
People should have to have to take test and have a license to have kids. Like drivers ed so all the morons stop breeding.
pretty good performance for the rookie, a sign of things to come? Very good FG%
To accomplish great things we must first dream, then visualize, then plan... believe... act! -Alfred A. Montapert
i need me some new followers too!
V. sad 2 report has chosen to take their SM in different direction, anyone know museum looking for charming digitalmarketing guy? :-)
Have you thanked a vet today?
It's Wednesday and I'm a hot mess. Second cup of coffee, let's do this.
fuck Chris Brown
Oh what a night...now it's time to prepare for my shoot later today. Happy Sunday people! God is good!
I could think of 10 things sweller than this
HS softball: Sun Prairie's Kristen Hoppman with solo shot to give Cardinals 5-4 lead...heading to bot of 10
enjoy watching the various strategies of holding the #hewebroc bag without it looking like a purse
Anyone else think it's odd that so many people voted for Walker when he did zero campaigning for the primary & they thought Art was a joke?
.RT : I love that quiet moment when all the computers in my life are up to date and working properly.
#ImThatPersonWho If I share a piece of cake with someone, let them have the bigger piece.
#artpolitics "noise" means the stuff that happens around the object that you want
Good morning to everyone!
Can't stand flakes...
Lackey is out for the 2012 season ...........
Thanks for the heads up! Looks fun!
A singularly excellent argument for jettisoning this crazy piecemeal system and doing single payer!
You're fine. I mean the remaining male populace, gay, straight, whatevs!
Thanks so much, we always give 110%!!
It's been a while but I'm back from New Zealand - and caught up on email (mostly). I loved NZ! Beautiful country...
Today was perfect running weather. #obsessed #feelinggood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><U+2600>
How can you watch a sport (College Football) that makes you sick at the end of the year?
Too funny, Don! Thanks for giving us this laugh today.
That's what I keep telling myself, but it's still not enough motivation to start/finish this paper.
And don't blame your breakup on someone else. No one stole your man. STFU.
Thanks! It just grew and took over my head, so I let it.
Brought the #London boys to Just another night in
How cud u they do tht
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust." Psalm 91:2
ok so facebooking is having fun, but facebooking for BUSINESS is like texting SMS style. :)
World Vision study finds 71% of Americans will spend less this holiday season.
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created. We help finance startups/co's that are premature for the banks.
Ew I have sleepy voice! Things I do for cheap things!
Fun set tonight at beachland, just finished melting some faces!
STOP BYE GET FREE TICKECT TO RAFFLE! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! FREE RAFFLE! OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 12-4 PM WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
New Supporter category day one sign up target by noon!
OK, It's one thing to be funny/satirical, pero burlarse de la religion de un candidato? Come on now. Let's have a little class.
you alright dude?
Owww here's mi msn if anyOne wants tO add me :DD!
OK gotta finish getting ready. #offline (Keep following me & I'll follow back once I'm back on).. :)
Awesome. Let's start planning it out this week. it's May 9-11.
Retarded laugh!
RT : Good Morning after a long wknd let's get it!
What type of librarian do you want to meet?
Honey Butter Chicken Biscuit from Whataburger!
Was I the only one who wanted Marilyn to do a duet with Tupac as the new finale?
Do You Miss HIM? - Retweet if someone instantly came to your mind.
“: you guys invited me! I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN. Haha” LMFAO Travis!!!!!!!!
Lmmfao at sending back that email with "best regards" at the end! I aint a damn client!
me too haha. Im pretty sure i was like the first one to know!
Former #Gonzaga hoops recruit, ASU QB, Brock Osweiler gets drafted in the 2nd round by the Denver Broncos.
Putting everyone before me really I'm your child
This is fascinating, almost the same way as the technicolor Red Shoes is. It is hard for me because I am of Gould's ilk.
I dunno, I've seen her get pretty surly in real life!
bring out the gimp...
lol I meant chill at the clubs and not get crazy but yea I love his show. The penthouse life looks lovely. Be safe ova ther
RT- where you at? Did you do too much peyote for opening day? - I been on a a 3 week bender bro. I'm in a fog
hey justin is offline ?
I see London, I see France...
hahahha what we saw you? But yes this weekend x3
GUARANTEED ASS!!! And you FINNA walk away?
FK yeah, I'm ready! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER SOCIAL GRILL & LOUNGE
I walk up in this bitch, fre$her than a mothafuckka
start cloning
Congrats to tiger woods on shooting a 62 great performance.
10.25miles done, ready to celebrate St. Patty's day and the hubby's birthday!!
Lol, and yes I did, do love the way you lie pt 2, bitches love riri LOL
Off now yaay dennys ! when I'm with her my phone goes on silent tlk to y'all later Your Favorite Promoter, Shocka Shock
#ThankYouSteve for giving small business people the opportunity to change the world with mobile apps on the iPhone. Be ever wonderful!
Going to be in the Q parking lot all day to cover the #seau memorial. Planning for it like a shadeless Comic-Con.
Bowling this evening at a place called Sparians in NC with good friends and great food
Ask Louis (; ": I wonder how it feels to sleep Naked"
yea haha she has orange hair right or am i thiking of someone else? haha
MBV all day, also a total misrepresentation of the music i make, but still so good
haha man that ones way old. 8133899616
When is your Greensboro signing? I live here!
Wait what question did try answer? Does that mean they can't tell you yet or they haven't made callbacks??
If I want to watch the Warriors - Bucks game tonight in Phoenix, where do I go?
and your flopping ass
When I miss you I re-read our old conversations and smile.
But it'll be for SCIENCE!
I bet if we crash dive into their goalie we can get goals too!!
Goodnight, ladies.
streamers like it was the biggest win ever. which it sorta was.
yes! I'm not right very often so when I am I get really excited
Thank you for the RT. Have a great day.
For those of you that have standard visitation today at 6PM marks the beginning of your Fathers day weekend.
I wonder what their "new evidence" is in the case. It's unusual for them to come out and say they think she's still alive.
LMAO i cant believe that just happened to me :/
Congrats! RT : Just received an incredible, lifetime opportunity to advance #diversityINfashion Grateful and excited.
"Humanity is part of a vast evolving universe. Earth, our home, is alive with a unique community of life
But of course!! I remember vividly her excitement and description! Upright..not too tall maybe 4 ft. Solid white. Eyes glowing
you really a fuck up individual taking money from a teenage girl grown ass man get ya life right
die bitch
can't wait till tomorrow!!
What are you getting me for Christmas? I think that's the real question here.
Happy Wednesday Everyone!!!
curious to see media reaction to ron paul's finish in iowa straw poll.
states voted v SameSex sez Reince-WhoopDeDoo-Almost 100% of attendees at Lynching voted in favor Almost
JOB: There has been a decline in reputation and use of UMW job bank, largely due to inferior website design.
They taking swag with no permission
Wheeeew! How many Cards fans are tense right now?
If u not good wit u how u gonna be good wit us
and I've watched about 800 times.
Sounds fun! RT Sevillanas class tonight 730pm at The Pink Flamenco!! 1111-B Chicon. Come alone, with a friend, with a date!
Good morning! "Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work." - H.L. Hunt
I always knew you were a woman of extraordinary taste and distinction!
Hard to hear conversation at
Can't wait til May for soccer? Tues Night SKC vs COL at Swope Park Training Center 63rd & Lewis 6pm. Bring yourselves
Can anyone recommend a good #openaccess textbook for the US history survey?
Quite a few, but I don't want to mention any project details yet as the students are still developing them.
Making fun of people
People will judge you for every little thing so be who you want to be
idk but all my friends say so ;) i'm going for the 1st tim next weekend at the new San Marcos one
I absolutely love it!
Cold spell for Thunder right now. Need some easy buckets.
I LOVE YOU
Maddening how soft Bynum is going at the basket, even at the best of times.
The word is anthony bennet wont be going to UF and UK as well .. no big school for him. Thats a shame
Cyber study sessions... oh wait, you're graduating!
I don't know, ... Jets weren't the only team showing interest. Seems they could've gotten a little more elsewhere, no?
thanks for the timely response, happy to see #quickbooksonline back up.
I forgot i have a miniture pecan pie on my nightstand.
My KY Derby picks:Decisive Moment; Dialed In; MuchoMachoMan; Pants On Fire; Animal Kingdom; Twice the Appeal; Twinspired; Nehro Archarcharch
is it possible to get you to follow me? :)
Ophilia was ugly. That's why "Get thee to a nunnery." But Sister Mary Hyacent and Sister Mary Dionne were pretty
sometimes it's hard to remember what happened to me and what i made up
Agree with that“: Worst pairing was Barkley and Melo... Could've paired Chuck w/Blake... Melo w/Bernard King.”
u ever checked out madlib?
Hi Keith, have you ever come across a heuristic evaluation methodology specifically for ecommerce?
Oh, Sarah! I'm so sorry.
that's a problem with apple... making phones that are incompatible with other phones
#Veterans Day. Follow Learn how you can help.
so glad. I moved 2 NJ this yr & had to cxl w/u
"Niall and Ohhmydirection" why is this trending and what does this mean
I'm on the floor I love to dance :)
Congrats to Rookie of the Year Kyrie Irving!
seems relationship, news, and tech blogging is heavily male dominated though. That will be an interesting panel.
#FF It's his fuckin birthday for shits sake!
Arnold Bennett~ Any change even a change for the better is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.
If I was ur boyfriend ill never let u go so give me a chance <3<3 justin bieber boyfriend :-)
thanks chris! keep spreading the word
: well let's get you out to Cali for a shoot!
New beer: Bluepoint's RastafaRye, Cisco Whale's Tail Pale Ale, Southampton Publick House IPA. Come on dahn fer a brewski!
If you are a fan of country music, make sure to follow and check out her new self-titled album on iTunes!
Summer time in the city boy!
Nope - maybe some other shows are onsale that day? Our show goes onsale May 7!
The Apps for the Army session is about to begin. Standing room only.
Hi Courtney thanks for connecting with the APEX. Please tell others to follow us - Dan Moore,Jr. Director
was the place to be last night! 3999 awesome costumes and one terrible one (you know who you are)... OFF THE CHAIN!
Class cancelled again boo yeah mothafuckaaaa!!!
I dunno, man. About half of what YA authors say would create scandal among the bloggers / goodreads people.
NM, figured out I could just just do a find+replace w/ OR.
Think ill treat myself to the ZaZa next week....
Shades of wrong are still wrong. Outrageous defamation has no shades of grey.
Are you a Husker Du fan?
"If people believe in themselves, it's amazing what they can accomplish."
Who ever said every good thing comes to an end was so right.
why you hating on the giants?
1 yr ago: OH : "People paint lines all the time and tell me I need to stay in them. I feel like it's a dare." via
You could have it worse. Believe me you! :-p
Planning & preproduction for some big SXSW marketing efforts. Music week is always a good time.
Hebrew Proverb~ Opinions founded on prejudice are always sustained with the greatest violence.
New York City! Walking, shopping, dining, Godspell, Book of Mormon, sister, niece, family fun! Beautiful fall weekend.
Thank you for the mention to follow.. you two are great! Have an amazing weekend! I'm having a blast in Vegas:)
Just came across the video by from #filmfrenzy in the #dogooder awards submissions. Good luck!
Wow Great Start to today's game!!
Was just sworn in as the new Auditor of Public Accounts. I'm thrilled to begin the work as Kentucky's taxpayer watchdog.
Great set on Conan! Thanks for being a voice for all of us stuck wearing chastity belts after visiting the renaissance fair.
Congratulations on the appointment of Martin Bradford as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Oh yeah kanye.
Enjoy the holiday! Still wanted some rain from Lee to hit Texas.
Light Skinned Niggas Are Sneaky.
I'm excited - this is a running day. I never get to run anymore...
Headed to the gym again to get that perfect body. Does anyone ever get there?
yeah in VIP
S/O to Maggie for being a creep and sending me pictures of my boyfriend when he's not looking. ;)
The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold.
nice! Are you flying out today?
Me too. as a kid I thought it would be about the super fast super hero. sad it wasn't.
Will Kelly Monaco be there? If so, then YES!!!
It's probably her time of the month.
go on then....i'm still at 19 followers.
come and join us -- we're happy to have u!
Unibroue will be bringing a special Quatre Centieme for guests to taste. This beer is rated a 95 at Ratebeer.com. TRES BIEN!
Thanks for the shout out, cousin! Does maturity include still sleeping in a family cottage garage for summer vacations?
Thanks for the retweets!
SLIS Prof. Stephanie Maata talked about a great cohort that focuses on universal access. This will be a quickly growing field.
Eta Chapter is proud to announce 50 new pledges in the Alpha Delta pledge class. GOD IS FAITHFUL!!!
ppl jus be lying for no reason
Bon Iver wins for cutest acceptance speech of all time. Shout out to Eau Claire, WI.
Your fawning Trump today was really unseemly. Have you no dignity, no pride?
History's Villains - 1/27/1992 Mike Tyson stands trial on rape accusations. He is later found guilty and sentenced to six years in prison.
pola only likes to sleep on my lap when I read or watch my laptop (not on my lap). And stand on my laptop keyboard
I despise metro.. Hope you get home soon guy..
Oh man dinner was awesome. I'm so full. Off to the movies :)
when you free my man
If I hit you in the face with a doughnut you would not be upset. By time your ready to react you'll taste the sweet nectar of bakery bliss.
Do you remember that black thing that used to be on the bottom of two liter pops? What was that thing called?
Getting ready for #Carlsononthelaw airing at 11am on
WHAT?! How are you both there! Very jealous.
thanks for the follow!
RT PUSSY DON'T MAKE IT CONTEMPORARY
THIS ISLAND EARTH just started on Svengoolie. I think the protagonist Cal was Flavius from classic STAR TREK's "Bread and Circuses".
me too, but lately it has just been shedding light on what I've been too scared to admit to myself.
Just ate a delicious dinner @ Johnnie's Hideaway! Funny, I couldn't remember the name of it until Teresa told me she'd made reserv.
That was the worst walk home ever
I want to be able to define user profiles based on their purchases, activity, etc. Do you know if this is possible in GA?
sounds good
- website and information will be posted this week. Thanks, Bill
Took me an hour but I finished my first paragraph LOL
PRAISE JESUS
KEVIN GARNETT!!!!!!! Are you bleeping kidding me?!?!
that's that jam. Never surprised by your playlist. Lol.
They say waiting can have it's own rewards
I wonder if Gaddafi is available to negotiate on our behalf? That dude sure knows how to drive a tough bargain...
ASDFGHJKL!!! I hate when teachers have me sitting in the way front. Like how am I suppose to text nshit mayne?! >:O
Where is when you need her to drunken dance with ?
Yaay almost time to go home!! Dinner and gym!
Enjoying 's #SMCBooks webinar featuring #OptimizeBook. Definitely worth being a Pro Member.
Thank you for following!
Haha got me laughing on the inside and out!!!! Lmao he got jokes, but couldn't get Watt he wanted!!! wtf!!!
yeah biking! You me and Stoldt.
then they'll go Rambus who was gonna be coach after Phil retired but he went to Minnesota. Both run Phil's system
can you please tell that im sorry?
I'm not sure that should be anybody's style...
the bartender said these were for sipping, but this thing is about gone.
The stand up bed does some serious work.
Thanks soo much for RT me!! You're awesome (: <3
Enjoying the LDS first presidency Christmas devotional. Loved Uchdorf's talk!
Just noticed that I'm at homeostasis for my follower/followed count
nothin now! OMG i wrote down the lycirs for say somthin
It's a hot night in Texas
I want to get the Nike SB Dunk Hi Premium QS & Camo Air Max. I have tried to call a 100 times, no one picks up & machine is full.
Hahaha!! Yeah sorry about that:) you'll get them eventually..
They fludging like they towing cars
's missing with that fastball? #rockies v
All the bums are hittin shots for the Knicks
thanks for that imagery!
Dear Lakers, please please please sign Arenas.
bale is down, bring on gio
RT : Internal branding requires a lot of orange! profiles Bulbstorm's culture: bit.ly/yPApwG
hahah whatever but I like your pockets
REALLY? That's awesome!!!! ddi you record it?
i hope i can meet you one day, since i live like 30 minutes from where you're from. c:
A huge thank you to our number 1 fan...after all these years. :) Brains on fire sounds like a great thematic. Can we borrow it?
vikes and bears at lambeau, I mark my calender for those games every year!
I believe it! I'm sure she will be gorgeous, like she always is!
Spencer James is the mayor of Shartshire...
#WeWontWork ...if you try to change me...
You are welcome. Stay tuned..our addition of Kinvey to our Local, Mobile stack goes further than just a blog post--will be in touch.
WHEN YOU LOOK INTO MY EYES YOU WERE A WONDERFUL SURPRISE
I let my students go outside to do 20 minutes of group work. Apparently this isn't working for the students wandering in late.
i have a style of taking both fingers from under the desk and sneaking up on my monitor in a swooping motion
Just hanging @ a birthday party. all and all, it's been a fun weekend. back to work tomorrow.
Thanks for the love, Nichole! Looking forward to seeing you there. xoxo
Loving tax free New Hampsha.
flop!! Play basketball and stop acting!
Sent a couple more; let me know if you see them. I am not sure what I am doing.
You'd be perfect for this! Talk to 19 ASAP!
Thanks for the follow
hill has the speed and size and randle has the production and hands. Either will be fine picks, production is overvalued when
wut shut mi new twit name b ..hmm
You can't go back to greendale... BECAUSE IT DOESN'T EXIST!!
You should be! haha Oh how I miss there buttered muffins...
Mouthwash commercials are the grossest things ever.
#1111 #MakeAWish #AustinMahonr plz look up on iTunes. He is an amazing Singer. And you inspire him! Plz for him! God Bless <3
#artpolitics Jennifer Doyle asking question about surveillance. MacArthur Park crime went down.
Hi Twitter and Facebook I read that they r having a open tough man challenge upstate new York i might enter I always wanted a championsh ...
Voodoo donuts? Come back to Albuquerque and try Zombie Donuts!!! Then tell me how they are cause I haven't been there yet.
& if they're changing the campaign, then multiplayer is in for some improvements too I really think this will be the game the dethrones COD4
OMGOMG tommorrow<3 I can't believe this happened!
Thought you'd see it my way.
need a stick of gum
im sorry you got peed on bby LOL c:
might it be open bar this year. :)
I love the idea for this project, its so simple and it makes perfect sense, this might be the future of recording/promo
erm why should we?
Just had lunch with Terry Riley's son. Random.
Who someone else is should never affect who you are... -V
We love hearing #SunStandStill stories, thanks for sharing with us. ^staff
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 10
If a guy listens to Marianas Trench...they're automatically like 10xs hotter.
It is like this tangible thing that you can point to and say “Hey man, I love you this many dollars-worth."--Michael Scott
I was on Facebook and now it's a thing to get married when your 15 and 17
on the train. :)
Good afternoon world! =D
Very excited to be presenting to the Junior League of Seattle this Thursday.
Interesting! Thanks for showing us - interesting videos about Ostia Antica.
scratch tickets are mad addictive
you're welcome!
Cotto rocks the pink for his pops who died from cancer
Im quick to delete #s & faces.
Thanks for tweeting my quote! :) Have a great day! :)
where is #WLBYNG4EVR on the iTunes charts?
me and want to meet you one day<3 would you like to meet us?
and yall comin wit me to get tuxedos today??
Wen people call me ugly I be like watever u be hatin on me cause I'm beautiful boo so go away
who^s following me now
Lol ok we sure can. I will text ur cell 2mrw n im going to sleep now!!
Back in the states! Long day of travel and not looking forward to work in the morning...
WIN! RT : I'll have you know I just spit out my tea reading your text. All over my work. But I don't even care! HAHA!
Oh, you with the long stride. We are all pedestrians here.
Put two 9's to ya chest we gonna call you Warren Sapp for you rats that's tryin to take cheese from tha trap
I'm not about that "pride" of "who texts who first" if I want to talk to you I wouldn't mind texting first .
How does Jacksonville and Miami let a mid-round pick get in the way of acquiring a QB who can breathe life into their fan base?
LOVE YOU! <U+E328>
So basically Ty Lawson IS the Nuggets
#AnnoyingThingsPeopleSay: every single thing that comes out of a Hoes mouth cuz they all
Happy birthday to both M Camby and S Bradley - ranked 12th and 13th on the all-time blocks list.
Thinkin about to go bed
Do these analysts have a problem with using "potential" instead of "upside" when assessing every other player?
: No, he is terrible and not smart. We should pick up Jim Thome...
I went green tea. I think it was a good decision
thank you for following im following back love
We use the City's district boundaries!
It's almost time for Glow Bowl. Who has the munchies? Starting at 10:30 you can text to win pizza! Directions will be on your score screen
Made it that last half an hour by rereading my intro and fixing citations! Unfortunately I didn't reach my goal for spring break though
Just had a delicious spinach salad for lunch. Recent research found that among cancer-fighting veggies, spinach is one of the most effective
This is easy best omelet i ever cooked
Time to write 14 pages for my PSYC 101 class.
I would like to thank the mosquito for biting me on forehead. When I scratch it,it makes me look like I am lost in thought&smarter than I am
Tough gai here RT ": Getting home. Time for bed. Driving early morning is so calm and peaceful!"
I haven't read it yet. It's been getting a lot of hype. Did you read it?
Block: it's about notification so all parties can voice their concern over a potential change in sentencing.
Great P&P party last nite thx to Edward & Staff of MudPuppies & delish pizza from Austin Terrier. Raised $200+ for ALOA! Thx for coming!
the new coach is pretty good.. after seeing what they did after getting rid of Philip Wade..
say "Pheel Steel takes it hard to the reem"
I hate that I do things without thinking..i made a mistake and now it's top late ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
#blazers, killin' it
I'm going to bed, but can't wait to get up and watch
Dating a player
Bourbon and honey chicken
Join us at 6 p.m. for a live tweetcast of Dr. Michael Levine's sleep disorder seminar.
'A Year of Living Generously' or some such like that, I would blog about social ventures/for profit companies who donate their
Excellent news - will be enrolling in the Georgetown Executive MBA program this fall!
Oh I adore Trevor. He's my second all-time favorite player. I bawled during the retirement ceremony
“: Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it. -Helen Keller”
RT is a #strong angel!!!! Thank you for every thing you put up with !!!! I'm sorry that you have to tho ! 143 !
Those t-storms had some intense lightning.
oh hey, I joined the BLA fraternity. Hello, Laura! :7 lucky numbers to go:
Silo's are permeable. Seeing the latest in UP developments informs all of our jobs and future. It was a good talk.
Speaking of - I'll be playing music there this Friday night in the Fairway Lounge from 6-10pm for Bobby B. Come join me!
“ you're a dumb bitch if you take relationship advice from your single friends...or undercover dummies for that matter lol”
watch the game!!!
OH, it is already tomorrow. Let me know if you want to go, otherwise we can plan for next month! 3rd again.
haha no dude!! Your crazy
Our 1st energies should go to our own character development, which is often invisible to others, like the roots that sustain great trees
Thank you internet for showing me how to fix my lawn mower.
": "I don't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones."- John Cage"
Those folks are fools. But if someone votes based on single social issue - either side - rather they stay home on election day
I'm curious. Is that not a good question to ask? I find myself wanting to know about this before any opportunity. Great piece.
Stop by and visit! Lots of new sale merchandise! Happy Sunday funday!! Open till 5:00!
I want to rub my face all over the burger on twitter.
fucking haters go to hell cuz you people dont know sheit at all
LOLOLOL everytime i watch NSN and see justin shaving, i crack up.
rest from yesterday
Normally I go ass first into the FAIL. Tonight I decided to take it in the face. (insert your own prison joke here)
on track to be uber late to robin lakoff's talk today, and i've almost knocked own 3 ppl on metro. and it's raining. gonna be a great day.
It's kind of alarming that NY is only up 4.
hahaha okay :) Where are you from?
Hey has some game!!
well you know we love you too!
I thought he was good, considering the circumstances. The Jets on the other hand...
I was thinking this and am curious for your opinion: what do you think Obama's first concrete step will be? And when?
i guess you have nothing left to say :l</3
sweet! On that head dress status :}
start with breakfast at The Bagel Deli, don't miss lunch at Steuben's, and fried bread tacos at Tocabe for dinner.
We have one in the hotel I work at and its so dangerous!
Thanks for sending out information about my interview today.
and the fact that her username is tureiconic yeah ok!
remember what we talked about
Our offense is capitalizing but we're still making mistakes on defense. Missed rotations and not hustling. We need to pick it up
what time should i show up late to work tomorrow?
Don't know whether I'm frightened or amazed that spent our entire lunch talking about how awesome Christopher Cross & yacht rock is
No problem...it happens to everyone eventually. Just wanted to tell you incase you did not know.
thanks for coming! hope you liked it.
If you haven't downloaded my new single you can do that right here for free! bit.ly/ezGGhA
COME OVER NOW! :)
getting myself set up for the big move to #Madison in May and next chapter of my econ dev career....
I'm so tempted...but we have plenty of incompetence in Baltimore that I could try to fix. No need to travel long distance!
I'm not saying I hate you. I'm just saying if you got hit by a bus, I would be driving that bus.
RT : Congratulations to Kevin Doran and Jason Gardner for winning an Emmy for their News Special: In the Line of Fire.......
Go PATRIOTS! CRUSH Ravens!
"Spring is Nature's way of saying, 'Let's Party!'" - Robin Williams Check out The Center for your next event!
I did miss the Chinese Appam, but now eating w eyes! More photos!!
WHAT?! I'm on my way there right now! Hahaha
Wrapping up 5th grade atlas unit with Google Earth activity. Perfect lesson before the break - engaging, lots of connections.
pretty smile avi
Yo Sam,Do you have a contact for production?
van you follow me back please???
I dedicate this twitter account to the most amazing,talented,inspireing,the one and only
I love Gawkers headline "Battleshit". I didn't think it was possible to have less of a desire to see that piece of shit "movie".
Absolutely right - and the public includes volunteers who could help. We need them & shouldn't shut them out.
why is that? What is 's position on enviro, LGBT, guns, trains, education, etc? I don't know enough about him.
Artist want to build, create and do something. Not just sit at home or go to the 9-5. Its natural to us to create freely and desire to do so
and our BBQ Pulled Pork won the Rock and Roll Beer-B-Q
Mines for the taking
no problem following, and thanks!
great isn't it. Looked over the list I made 7 months ago and have to say: I could check off a lot :))
hahaha that sucks :p i already did it!
Another weak jobs report. The only way to create jobs is to fire more teachers, firefighters, and cops.
: Sorry dude i never finished typin the sentence, we had math hw, but ion think yud get it unless she tautght it to ya, but ...
#dailyfeedback - Songs for Marathoners - Kate Bush/Belle & Sebastian/Jackson Browne
you existed. ;)
okay, thanks! :) we will send them an email tonight!
My is so cold it should come on a <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
new Orleans really not far away!
marshall is junk
Google Art Re-Launch: 151 museums from 40 countries, 30K artworks, including and
now that Confirmations over, I can stress out over one thing instead of two...
#tech question. I'm looking for a good online petition site or software. Any suggestions?
Beautifully Natural! I love the pics...Nice blog!
It was under daily trending topics. And I thought it was world wide. :( ops.
Mupload the pics I don't see them on FB
I also like that "Rack City" song. Rack city rack rack city 10 10 20... :l
Which &#39;Pauly D Project&#39; Crew Member Makes You Laugh Out Loudest?
Join Chabad of GA for 3rd annual Soul Trip to Jewish NY, 9/21 - visit Jewish neighborhoods, eat Kosher, Shop. www.tinyurl.com/soultrip2011
“We fight like a married couple, talk like best friends, flirt like first lovers & protect each other like siblings. We're meant to be. <U+2764>”
WE ARE A OFFICAL MEMBER OF THE
Today in 1995, The first volume of the Beatles' 'Anthology' series, produced by George Martin, enters the U.S. album chart at
Wired...i
The MOMS Group at St. Patrick's will be helping out with volunteers at ArtWalk!! Thank You!
Yay! I'm sure they loved having you :)
NP:2 Chainz feat. T.I. - Spend It (Remix)
Why am I so overwhelmed?
Q5 not literate Wish got my undergrad in somethin else Should have waited to go to university or did comm. college first
-Disrespecting the Scouts...and
Wouldn't that be great!
The Artie Shaw Orchestra will be performing at the Northern Lights Casino September 17th in Los Angeles California 6p-10p.
Roxanne 4rm R2K Studio has a soft spot 4 expecting mother's & their newborns, so ladies keep us N mind 4 the future!
these students get way easier assignments! ;)
no worries
bored at school watching to kill a mockingbird! :)
Me too! Me too! Have a great weekend! :) ".: shana and I are looking forward to it. Xx corey"
chick about him talking to me.
Mahomies gonna love, Haters gonna hate.
I'm nicer than you allow me to be...
We've heard hammering and saws for weeks now. A big, pro TV studio is finally emerging in our newsroom. U-T TV is for real!
Class needs to be over
Happy Teacher's Day to you too :D
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
Go flyers! Way to be down a touchdown in a hockey match. Ugh. Is it baseball season yet?
saw css and sleigh bells last night! get ready for a killer show
And by Monday nights, you mean early Tuesday mornings RT : And by Tuesday nights, I mean monday nights
Taking sexy pixs of yourself is so exhausting!
Few know that the infamous Heiro v. Hobo Junction battle popped off when Saafir accused Opio of dressing off the rack.
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are stiffened. -Billy Graham
happy new year!
what about the rest of the series? does "shadows in flight" stand alone? and thanks!
Theirs people who workout to workout then theirs people who dress to workout .
why u on the #jets? RT : who does everyone like in the game tonight #jets #patriots Jets
Soon as I get back..!
Cold snap in So TX!
so u can say your jeans are older than zippers
the worst part about having a distinct laugh, everyone knows how inappropriate and vulgar I am.
I drove down from Pa last night to catch the game.
Back to work - first day of ASIMS workshop on Multimedia Scholarship at
okay i think im gonna fly to jakarta if austin goes there since its nearest to spore.
THURS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = 1/2 OFF ALL DRAFTS, 1/2 OFF ALL VEGAS BOMBS From 9-11pm! FREE OPEN BAND JAM/KARAOKE 10pm (UPSTAIRS BAR)
Hi God, its me...Idk #whatsgoingon up there. I'm #deadtired and I need some #sleep! #flashfloods #thunder #lightening keep it down please!
if they nasty why you ate them huh? *suspicious* haha
To the guy tacky enough to drive his own Maybach: When you have a red light, I(the pedestrian) have the right to safely cross. Watch it.
Awww. Love lie lie. She's so sweet! !
I'm ready to go eat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
If I tell you I love you, can I keep you forever?
Thanks for tweeting about our coupon to your followers also, !
i deserve the world, not to be treated like i was nothing
*Guys RT : Girls with nice bodies >>>
« Congratulations to on her #Edgar win for Best First Novel!»
Arguing with a fool proves there are two
oh I'm that case the beard and harden about to get it
Hahahahaha! Im dying over here!
"Be the change that you want to see in the world." - Mohandas K. Gandhi
I may not have a vagina but I love "The Conversation" w/ on Lifetime!
Alright! The and shows are happening! Head to The Loft (215 E. 6th Street) to check them out!
Holy shit... 1....more...day. I'm so god damn hyped.
When you're wanting Trix cereal and there is only Cocoa-Puffs and Frosted Mini Wheats.
Goodbye Magic! Bring on the Heat! #Pacers!!!!!!!
Mann listen! the energizer bunny ain't the only thing that keeps goin n gain n goin!
Your super foods: Celery, Cucumber, and Kale! Try to get at least one or MORE each day! AMAZING YOU!
i really need to kno which niggas come up with them shits im really in tears
#ICantDateYou if you won't do anything for me
When you guys met Cody, did he ask you what your name was?
what happened?!?
That's pretty rude
So Governor Dayton can't make an emergency appointment to House? :-)
I don't like people who mistreat other people
There are people in the world so hungry that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread.
Having a great time in Brazil with my son Aaron
and I filled out to the paper work to officially submit this for "Best Birthday Ever" consideration.
A true follower and groupie here in Vegas!
I hope things don't take a turn for the worst, life is too good right now, too good.
Why doesn't tweet anymore </3
You'd think that's true, but Patricia Heaton is the counterfactual.
Hard to believe I will be in NYC in less than two weeks interning at Tommy Hilfiger
At school.. registering for classes :)
"Harry Styles is bisexual." OH, CAUSE I DIDN'T SEE THAT ONE COMING.
Seriously thinking of doing a complete diet overhaul. Cutting out sugar/processed foods, dairy, gluten. Eating real foods, whole foods...
I really like this New Celtic player we Got Sean Williams! he could be a size difference in the playoffs
partnered with
OK #petlovers...#dogs or #cats? -Tom
Also, I don't care how fashionable you are, there is no reason to wear stilettoes in the daytime on a 77 acre campus.
": Personality > Looks"
The more u knowRT : "Did you know that the French language has the most words to define love?"
Universal or Islands of Adventure??
I'm on my youtube blast follow me
thanks for the follow!
One word: swoon.
no problem and thank you!
what is your favourite memory so far on the voice?
oh I'm on my bed layin down!!
Re: FDA that must be why they needed my picture. ;-)
Do you question everyday life? Not sure what, or who to trust? Follow today, and free your mind.
Hottest Hitter up with the Bases Loaded? I'll take it. Let's go Cano!!
I Hate Him , For Doinq This To Her >:l
-- Win-win
Thanks to for joining me and talking some AFC-North on today's show ....
Zeus is pretty wimpy in this.. But still,ares was fucking people up! The FX were dope!
Spongebob square pants! *in my little kid voice* RT : Who lives in a Pineapple under the sea?
Love your black nail polish and contrasting shamrock! Good luck, Lucky13s, with your blog!
ohmigod. How would you know? I loved you and I still do but apparently you don't care.
omg... Hilarious.
In Hawaii for cheer ! It's amazing here ! Love having no school !
RT I love and the Old Man. They. Make a great pair!! ": RT if you think the Old Man and Chumlee make a great team!"
that sounds like fun... can i get in on the mix?
This is how we team build on a Thursday afternoon:
Hope everyone coming out of this ycombinator class has built with an API in mind. Get those developers building on your platform!
My tumblr app wants me to download the tumblr app. :x well okay.
#ghettowaystodie in a shootout
:STRONG AND POTENTIALLY DAMAGING WINDS EXPECTED FOR MOST OF LOS ANGELES AND VENTURA COUNTIES BETWEEN SATURDAY NIG
yep. still in pre-production/financing at the moment!
Friday at 5 is ok. Just a warning after 5:30 it gets crazy based on the last 3 weeks. But I will be here;should be ok.
Just woke up from my nap
#TwSIG It's a correlation between number and frequency of tweets. Can't have a real impact if you are not tweeting once a day at least.
Definitely no more cupcakes! :D Once every few months is my limit (for the sake of my booty!) How's your Friday lookin so far?
Everyone calls you amazing. I just call you mine.
fun lunch talking about cake! What better topic to warm one's soul? shared the wonders of
Great to have ebooks from digital library!
gr8 2 c old #ASTD chapter leaders family at #ASTD2012 like and...
This RT : When everyone is unemployed with radiation poisoning and no health care, America will have reached its promise.
Chicken mole tamale smothered in cheese, ranchero sauce, fresh guac, sour cream w/ honey-chipotle salad.
Poor Bella really didn't like the intra-nasal vaccine :-b
If the Falcons has shown up it would've been a perfect day... thanks amigo
If there?s one thing I know it?s God does love a good joke.
fights through the back door bracket to qualify for nationals! New season starts now!
Apple: new #iPad will not be called "iPad 3" or "iPad HD." Instead, it will be called "Quikster."
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted shareholder value. We want real value, built by people with character, dignity, and courage.
ive been depressed for a long time its just been bad for the last week but im good now i had a deep convo with my mom
I want a milkshake.
Ok it's been 2 weeks and still you're nowhere to be found. My house is on main st and looks like a bomb hit it. It's dangerous.
SO pumped for the #EDCNY lineup 11 hours and 40 minutes :)
I love you too girl
First 35 to make poster as Facebook profile pic & write "I AM SWAG" on wall gets sick earphones for FREE!!!!
Good morning world - every day is a gift - don't ever 4get that!
Break a leg today, son. You got this!
RT : I love how these DirecTV commercials portend holistic doom because of wack cable service. Subconscious programming is expensive.
Homeless friend says "have a good day on purpose."
Have you read Imperial San Francisco? Not strictly SF history, but River of Shadows is really good too.
Excited to be with Ashley River Baptist tomorrow! I'll be the message and music on both services - if you're in Charleston, SC, come on out!
this love for isaac is just so sudden.
Watchin American Dad with Mac and drinking a protein shake...ah
<< New Picture .
Thanks for the follow. Your videos are like pulsing life..wonderful!
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 1
I think residency did me in! u think it will get better in practice, huge pressures and challenges too. Sweet dreams!
IN Quotes: "We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today." - Stacia Tauscher
G.G. knows who she can pull that pretend bad girl act with. Somebody give her a reality check.
RT : "Every individual is an expression of the whole realm of nature, a unique action of the total universe." ~Alan Watts
can't see the cake woman!
Don't fill my tl cuz u happy people telling u goodmorning..that's lame
Man. The people going to the #Mavs game tonight get a free shirt!
Everyone hates greatness. It reminds them of their own jealous mediocrity. Greatness is greatness no matter what people say
Ha ha!
Do you think the Pacers or Sixers have a better Chance to win their Playoff Series aganst the Heat & Celtics?
#SometimesWhenImBored we like to express our excitement over 100 new followers! Have you told your friends about us yet?
I hate seeing a chick in baggy leggings....
I Hate People
u r crazy!
Congrats and good luck! “: Honored to become a part of the University of Portland family. Excited to get started!”
I will depend u. Ull see. Ugh i hate people like him so much
Had the delight of being interviewed by Michele Myers at KEXP for her radio doc on psychedelic music.Talked about Shamanism & psych music.
Thanks for following us and !
yeah! Happy then terrified.
woo! graduation wiffff ! finally a day off together. <U+2665>
Thanks Ryan! Loving the Rhody support right now!
Cautiously optimistic.
Happy Birthday!! :-)
its true....no more hhgregg for me
If you aint my nigga , don't expect the world from me . If you're mines , you can expect everything from me <3
I seriously need to get updated with my shit~
1 week and you'll have one! :)
Oh a case of the Mondays.... bum bum bum.
haha. HELL YA!!!!! haha same here
lol that don't mean shit when I can't see you!
I don't fit in because I'm unique; and not a carbon copy.
Tactics are the tip of the iceberg when it comes to metrics. Focus on how you're satisfying your overall objectives
Who else?? “: I think we should make a day out of First Kick w/ FIFA12 & other soccer video games on a TV."
Madison County Directors Band 10th Anniversary concert at The Paramount on Sun. Sept. 18. Tickets $5 at the box office before the show.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
Almost got my ass there
my dad robs banks for fun
Just cause you're single doesn't mean you can't be happy!
rriigghhtt listen I'm super tired I have to go to bed
More and more I repeatedly find myself asking, "What happened to our generation?" Respecting yourself is so uncommon...
The way my sister and I were brought up...back in the early 60's through the mid-70's
#NoEsMiHit no saber manejar el cambiador de de la #tv como #rayos le cambio de canal!!! :/
from the Polo fleece... to the Jesus piece... i got ppl in high places... like Jesus niece...
To the people creating such a fuss over who I'll call the "Crying Rangers Boy" - STOP.
Brenday Ryan and Chone Figgins need to sit. Their lack of offensive production warrant a backup role. Play the young guys, Wedge.
Yes! Extraordinary #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question.
I stay with my team no matter how long they loose
I could only eat one piece.
Someone keeps calling me from LA for being accepted into an Arts College and I'm only 13! I don't know what's going on but I think I like it
I kinda love Sue Heck
thanks! Have a good one too!
Casting 2 models for a Bridal Couture shoot on Saturday the 16th. One male model and one female model. Email assistant
RIP Donna Summers :'-(
i mean really though more people are into computers and hacking, fighting, and agent movies not scary movies that aren't all that
Thanks, Alyssa, I appreciate it :)
RT : Andreessen: we should have built payments into the browser.
feeling any better?
wish this was actually true
dafuq is in june?
We still need a name. Any ideas?
that's what I'm thinking happened. Bastards.
I'm on twitter. omg.
I followu u back ^^
because i never go to that class ha
MT : Community will speak out today at Rally at Queens Community House Beacon @ 5:30pm! 68-17 Austin Street
We're going on a soul trip tomorrow to NYC to the Ohel, Boro Park and more! So excited. Hello New York!!!
I looovvee that song
#Actors - On an audition, be on time, know who you are reading for, don't be overly chatty, don't chew gum, don't ask too many questions.
and this night even got better knowing that a blow-out win for the Spurs makes them 2-0!
OMG!!! BASKETBALL WIFES LA IS FULL OF BULLSHIT GLORIA SISTER WANTS TO BE A FACTOR THEY TO DAM GROWN
Papers to shred? Bring 'em in! Or, we'll come to you!
I do, want you to know that I think you'd be good to me, & i'd be so good to you.
Everybody talking about the heat and lakers but I'm just gonna quietly say
Love Your YouTube Channel. The Video of You With Cimorelli Is Hilarious! Hah. Follow Me Maybe ?(:
If #mwteamtennis workshop attendees have questions to ask about #USTAJTT or #mwteamtennis, send us a tweet and we will answer
2 track meets this week! Then 1 Saturday morning! #ready #nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
wowza interview of alligator man this am with what an oxygen thief that guy is
Sometimes I just want the world to stop spinning
Last day of summer vacation :/
Your new issue is stellar. Our biz loves what you guys do every month, would love a piece about auction industry! lol
there is a path, the 7000 steps. Took several attempts to find it falling to my death.
hey thanks for the follow! we are us, "like" us on facebook!
Wow! This sounds amazing! Kudos good sir!
stopping at a rest stop..theres your only clue
Now im mad .
I can promise you hasn't figured out how to link Twitter and Facebook :)
Dodgers placed OF Matt Kemp on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to May 14, with a left hamstring strain.
Boners of the Apes
See that Hanes' underwear commercial lately? The one with Michael Jordan? Anyone else think Jordan's mustache is too Hitler-like?
If you were happy before you knew someone, you can be happy when they're gone.
would you be able to burn it for me?
PHP is the dynamic language behind the web which makes things more interactive. HTML is just the markup used on static pages.
me and @ triciaransom
Just went out for a little run and now some down time! How was everyones Monday?!
Hahahahahaha Josh Smith, so appropriate
Good think? The disadvantage of typing fast... It's a good thing I love what I do!
Cant wait till Tomorrow so I can see the season Finale of #Dexter... I cant wait to see what happens... Give a Golden GLOBE!!
Is there something wrong with me that I miss the madness of participating in #NaNoWriMo?
it's very much a man's world, thank you for raising awareness.
Starting my body building program today. Strict carb intake, and body building. Thank god my dads a personal trainer.#Letsgo!
ITNS - .071 to $3? Simply evaluating to understand if it's buildup or the real thing.
(y) RT : YES. RT : Hater?! RT : I don't see why America need 2 Harry Potter attractions -_-”
excuse you
i hate that your complaining when you got to sleep all day
sounds good how's Monday 8am?
Thanks! #FF love from and Back atcha.
That is a cool feature.
April 23rd! Can't wait! C'mon, you can still have a breakfast buzz or two at Scottsdale until it opens! :)
The guy in the white blazer about to ask a question is looking sharp
haha that an awesome jersey
you're lucky!
If someone gives U 5 days to review it...RUN!!! Nothing should be so important that U don't have time to consult a lawyer.
Did you see the #NODA list serve message that just went out about commuter students presentations? Some good stuff there
Just ran the mile with my 9 YO at her school. Stepping onto a track still gives me butterflies.
The band in the '06 #Broadway revival of #AChorusLine is phenomenal.... especially the #BariSax!
The Enterprise App Store: 10 Must-Have Features - Computerworld
Really want some cheese with this wine
Some of my #SKCnation friends would call me a poseur, as I didn't buy them back in the day...
Is writing a new book: "Encyclopedia Brown and the Case of the Haunted Server". Based on a true story.
Congratulation for having a new
RT : "Today...we show you the must-have“Cool Tools” OK Dana Carvey will NOT be able to hold back on Tool jokes, just watch!
Stop into the newest member of Go Local Chicago, Go there and save 10% on vitamins and supplements!
The toaster and microwave finished cooking my food at the exact same time. Ballin
Are Muslims and Hispanics the same religion? So confused!
It's Friday, I aint got no job and i aint got shit to do
great time in Greektown with some fabulous friends who are "totally hilarious." NICE!!!!
I believe Lawrie when he says it was unintentional, but he should be held accountable for losing control.
I am making stouffer's enchiladas w/ rice...my famous nachos...and for dessert----klondike's choco-tacos! Lol! Uhm...serving wild cher ...
Scheduled to work seven hours. Only work a little under three hours. What the hell?
aww u sad? U need a hug? Lol
I've got some issues that nobody can see, and all of these emotions are pouring out of me
thanks, I'm super excited!
Would you like a Grooveshark or Convergese t-shirt? What size?
Saw open the top of a meatheads skull and its just a throbbing bicep with a steroid needle in it with a tap out tattoo on the bicep.
Happy Holidays
this nigga done split every pole
#MW3 Assassin is the new stopping power.
Encouraged all of our final #thatcamp #lac sessions to do more show & tell: need some active work late in the day :)
I wish i was as pretty and good enough as that girl you're with :(
u can say that again.
Tell me what you think of me I swear it doesn't matter Just as long as I am happy And my pocket's getting fatter
EXACTLY. You understand me!
Wireless network here is "Cambridge". When you go to a site, the network passcode is "bc409".
Yes, yes I did, because unlike you, iTunes is enough for me
ryan's brother is so cute :D sad thing is he's deaf :(
Verdict in Chandra Levy trial: Guandique is guilty of 1st degree murder
So who in the fuck take it apon they're self to eat my Reese's puff cereal and my Reese's chocolate chip cookies????
RE: That's why I started following you today!
I know, right?
my boss is treating me to a birthday lunch in canton today... any suggestions?
Stay tuned for our trailer of The Magical Lamp of Aladdin!
We are getting geared up to hit Jacskon on Friday, hope ya'll be coming out . . .then playing at home on Saturday at the Maple Leaf!
Im going to stop putting in my precious time for folk that don't appreciate it.
At the doctor office
at you'll get a good schedule because you register for classes early !
RT : RT: We're looking to add a personality to our radio show. Know someone?
Nice idea yet I don't think that will work. :$ I'm all for open bartering!!
#20ThingsAboutMe 3. I tend to get annoyed with the past.
I empathize with cause daddy wants gin.
I wish I could hang out on Ina Gartens terrace with her
That strip of I-35 W that runs south of Fort Worth scares the fuck out of me at night. Always scared el cucuy is going to attack my car :O
Aw OK how u do on your test bro
Popping bottles on this wonderful day of mines...
UCONN won do they got it in them to repeat
If you see a snake, just kill it. Don't appoint a committee on snakes. ~ Ross Perot
This is wonderful news! I miss their wine, dips, sushi, and so many more!
DocuTech Adds Sandra Griebe to Lead Integration Team for Mortgage Document Compliance Software
LOL ok u had permission to help. :/
Awesome day today: #mnearthday and then #recordstoreday LOTS of great finds. Hope my sister still plays vinyl...
I love how Dr's say "I'm gonna give you a shot in your hip" like I don't know he really means my butt. Enough bullshit doc. I'm onto you.
Snow in the forecast for #oklahomacity be sure your critical IT systems are on battery backup
lol, niether do i! i guess will find out when we get there, and same here! i want to meet you too! :)
Your starting QB is "WHO"?? LOL RT : Maybe I feel more connected to my team than you do to yours
Check out the summer anthem Ft Husband or Wife-Remix Fire FWM k lo k...
hey checked it out for the first time ina long time. i watched the whole show. Commercials and all!!!
I voted "Creating Christian Race," but would rather have "Pepper's Excellent Adventures."
Bob Davidson is a chronic handler of The Situation.
m...I must have missed the romantic gene.
Deeds are eternal not the flesh!!
Thanks for the follow Fashion Jobs List (FashionJobsList)! :)
thank you!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! !!!!!!2012
uhh, i might tomorrow, but i'm kinda nervouss. I have to talk to my mom and probs the school.:\ i'm just a mess right now.
To Your Success, Anthony Grasso Founder/Artistic Director
I know
Duck Dynasty
Get rid of your #Pride and there will be nothing to #Hide - [{GQ}]
What is the best strategy you use to get a client to refer you another? Now, "plus it" by turning that strategy into a duplicatable system.
I spent my whole paycheck on tickets for your Oregon show.
she handled it well, she was just like aw no he's like my brother! but you could tell she was kinda creeped out
Am I too late? I would recommend Glo's on Olive.
Staying home today
although its not here yet ;-)
Happiness is me finally getting my strength after a month of pain numbness & agony-all fueled by my pinched nerve... Yoga was great today!!!
Kingsley Association's Jazz Explosion opens tonight at 7. Tickets still available at the box office!
“: Fort Wayne is so hopeless, I could never live here” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> hater. it's because you didn't grow up here.
Seabiscuit wowed America with his underdog story. We had a couple of racehorses, just needed new strategies. - at
WHAT AN ENDING!!! GO MSU!!! TOP TEN ON SPORTS CENTER!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYA!!!!!!!!!!!!
got a way nice note today. filled my bucket!
Senate and Assembly Education Committees will hold a joint hearing on the Education Reform/ Read to Lead bill Feb. 15, 11 a.m. in rm 411 S.
u first pls?<U+2665>
Arguments are seldom about truth & facts; they are almost always about feelings & identity #isastc pat bassett
Lebron James with the MVP award this year!! Well deserved!!
me too<3 awwhh I'm your profile picture!!(:
You'll understand more if you look at it with the "everything is for a reason" mentality...
Getting sick. I blame 2 nights in a bus. You know all about that, right ?
yea but do yall got like yall stuff together andd wee should each make a video of us dancinq singing and rapping
Looking to improve your New York City home? Get a free painting estimate this weekend! 877-912-5252
Thank you! I hope you're doing well in your new home, job, life. Miss you on
thanks! i'll check you out :)
So much shit runnin thru my mind right now..
Damn I feel Endy Chavez's coming to the plate music. About the only entertaining thing from this O's game during #Devils Intermission
Gratitude for all those who are helping get the word out:
I am thankful that the owners and players are negotiating again
stay right there ;)
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire. Ferdinand Foch
": say what???" I can cuss in front of u cuz.
I got another nigga bxtch wit me! And I'm falling for her!!
Bedroom Set $ 795.- !!! Q bed-Dresser-Mirror-1 N/Stand HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Leaping one-handed grab by Marquess Wilson. That was pretty cool.
Bee Raises Funds for Literacy
awww he is so sweet :')
Boulder police officer charged with felony stalking, held on $100,000 bond
Me and Faith hate freshman so much, but there is one freshman that I would so be down to pound.
Villain of the Day... HIGH GAS PRICES. If American's are struggling now with gas at close to $4gal, what will we do when it hits $5, $6, $7?
2-0 for the Tennis Weekend! Tired as heck now, not as young as I use to be...
Its easy. Download twitter application to your phone
My head is pounding :(
Its Friday.. I need some SUN. Its been cloudy all week here in the City... P/U/S/H/ Everyone have a god weekend
Best quote so far of the Slumber Party Massacre documentary. "Why is he rubbing Vaseline on his drill bit?" "Oh, he's a method actor..."
If you want something bad enough its your call to start pursuing it. No one else's.
Celebrated #drsuess today volunteering at #childrens #hospital while doing crafts with kids and their families!
BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! BRAVES WIN! WALK-OFF HIT MELKY :)
Facebook got hacked,I ain't gay
It's pouring! Holy cow!
Just got offered five pieces a week for a website. I feel like when Carrie Bradshaw got offered $5 a word at Vogue.
No, but I doubt can even spell Correspondent
I just peeped the #RoadtoTheRiches video on youtube where can i hear the studio version? Im feelin it
"Until the #government’s #monopoly over money is abolished, private enterprise... #money will never have the chance to drive out bad money."
Yeah...love it when he has to BITE things to keep from ranting/laughing.
Today's the end of a cycle. March brings significant change. Shaky, but good... (check in at the end of the month for refunds)
This next week is almost a guaranteed game-changer. Also, a big ball of stress disguised as the first full week of March.
Sleep deprivation may be why you're feeling sluggish. Check out the article at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Those calls today were not a joke
hey! Happy Birthday! (: <3
hey! So, did kevin follow you in tumblr? I asked him to follow you! :)
this is precisely the point
Looking forward to going to the St. Mary's game this weekend at home! Who else?!
KEEP HELPING ALEX GET ROCKSMYSOCKSOFF TRENDING
Going in for surgery in a couple mins.
RT : Swag “: Didn't have time to edit the video at home so I edited Drake - "take care" in the dj booth
Things I do everyday: 1. Get up 2. Survive 3. Go back to bed
Real friends show me their......? ;) x
"Niggah, you ain't got no swag" -Random Asian Guy Walking By Me O.e
Ren Fest in KC. A strange and beautiful thing.
Needin some more contacts... Who wants to be awesome and shout me???
Whatever again.You're not saying anything. You hate Rush. I get it. You think you know the econ of this. You don't,but I get it.
Go follow and his band , I'm constantly jamming to their EP and they're just awesome guys, do it!!
Thank you all I am honored
Ouch! Sounds like they were trading baseball cards RT : Brewers got $1 for Nieves from the Braves.
": IM N NYC BITCH!!!"<<== ha haha lol.. enjoy the weather out there man :)
#Brewers bullpen getting eaten up. Cubs lead 7-2 in the 9th.
I can't speak for Phil, but I'll be back soon! RT : #FF Two people who I wish Tweeted more: and
AND had fun with the ravenous devil known as neville!
im old, unfat, and out of shape :( im hurting!
Make your neighbors walls jealous this holiday season-get your very own MP fine art original!
Dinner Special is on at 5pm...Games are always on too!
..... R u scared to tweet sumthin cause u got the cricketz chirpin
Did you catch the last part of that tweet? REFUSES TO NAME DROP!
i just love being greeted with "i poop in da potty!" in the morning.
In debt? Then you need a plan, I can help. You can direct message me or email me at , even during the game.
Nice! Give us a shout if you want to chat about wine or #Indy fare on your radio show sometime!
“: St. Anthony's Meet!!! #wishmeluck” see you there!
TONIGHT #Obsessions Brings LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga(q
Twitter gets ruthless once you hit your 2000-person cap. Now have to start making decisions like: Is person X more intriguing than person Y?
Thanks! Doing great. Work is picking up, my commercial is running ALL THE TIME, and it's summer at the beach! :-) How r things?
I cant think of any ideas.
So excited to be traveling so much this summer. Bought a travel wallet last night... Any other #Travel items I need to buy?!
love how when one kid wants to fight he brings some one else with him thats how you know he dont got the
Please pray for London. <3
Hey what race track do you work at? I love the NCMP out in New Castle. they have a great tracks for TAG karts.
wise words my nigga RT": Don't fall for a chicken head"
are you at fame?!
where THA fuck did ya go?
#SO #FF #Craft i'm having a bad day, and really needed a smile. Thanks!
I believe it is going to be surprisingly difficult to find the words to teach my students about Internet memes.
Sigh. It's getting harder and harder to Rick-roll people these days.
haha, i know, im bringin it back baby ;) haha
Roth is a great speaker!
wow! Thanks a lot!
Just got my Montana deer and elk tags. Woot!
Happy 4/20! You know you need #pizza today...
Impractical jokers is back!
loved G-Lab: Ice Cream Sandwich, Galaxy Tab 10.1, Palm Veer on Boxee
hows your day man?
"whimsical" is a nice way of saying batshit crazy
Exciting things are on the horizon for Anomalous Books. Stay tuned!
i will! But thx
M, chipotle & gym was good. Now watching insidious with my brothers & drinking a smoothie my brother made me. Ah, great bonding day (:
sometimes depends on the night
Robert Glasper feat. Bilal LIVE at the Double Door TONIGHT!!!!!!
the real question is why NOT Portland! It's so much cheaper than CA
Doing our part to make the people you look at more attractive ....
Seattle, Washington is in celebration mode.
went dead. Sorry boo
We got this
NIGGA BE TRYIN TO SAVE ROLLERS........THIS MUST BE SOME NEW SHIT
sounds like white people problems dude.
Thanks to , , , and everyone else at the Experimental Cuisine Collective
Hmm....glowing Wii.....who Wii'mailed me??
just payback for the typical 15 days of rain we get in March.
starting to watch TED talks on youtube because HE does lol. The things we do for love
Your values will drive your unique impact on the world, whether it's for your own small family or the family of man.
Somebody wrote Homo on my back window on the frost. The other one says gay. Ugh people..now I look out my window and see Gay Homo. Dont hate
You can be on TheJoeShow the original.
Hahaha I just watched #CallMeMaybe I have to say it was better than the one with biebs in it!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764> <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>Me maybe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
worse pic ever ... Very happy right now!!!!!
Ha!!! No worries... I'm going w/ Preston. Similar to Huxley, but better :)
#Peace on earth begins @ home. I am now learnin the #truth of that statement
Some people are just to pretty. y can't I be that pretty HM?
lmfao, if u read a whole bunch of #3WordsForYou's, they're actually reeeeeaaaaallly funny! like a long, bipolar story
I just got it ):
that's so funny! I wonder if she'd be okay if I asked her for Boone's Farm, maybe in an Apple, or Country Kiwi Flavor?
Puck as blaine and finn as kurt = no thank you
i hit tweet limit on . So tweet me here.:) whats up gal?
If a girl under five years were able to convince it the queen, after five she inspire this world.
It is hilarious watching the 9ers vs giants Sky Sports halftime show. Britts.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Picked up my first Occu-sunburn of the season
reading the lesser key of solomon. the universe exists solely as we perceive it.
Preacher who advocated the use of physical force against children who act gay: "I apologize to anyone I have unintentionally offended."
I knew she'd win, she wore gold...
I'm ready to go home..
#VISC205 students please choose your proctor location and let me know asap. Thanks
"Words and hearts should be handled with care, for words when spoken and hearts when broken, are the hardest things to repair"
Why is it that the girl that can get any guy say that she's "forever alone"?
sexy all
RT - Make the Cleveland Indians hat as famous as the Yankee cap
thanks for wanting to help It's affected our tv watching since he bought it Two kids constantly complaining about it wears on us
Worst rendition of the Star Spangled Banner ever.
Stop, you're killing me. Lol
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :Roxie sometimes forgets to feed me. Is it love?
Ready for success and hard work, Blessings all
just followed me. The epic Avacado avatar is an instant follow back. M....Avacado!
“ Time to depart Trinidad. Thank you for your amazing hospitality. Carnival was an absolutely amazing experience”
I just love 's personality!! Anyone else?
Of Corse I'm gonna get Jealous, I like you Stupid ...
why is support not learning?
#shebekillinit! “: She killed it. There was a lot of sweating...but she did great! ”
Eyes deeper than sound
RT " Mayor Bloomberg - One word should come to mind when you think about #ConeyIsland: JOBS." and/or
Funny how pianos themselves are used as pieces of functional (but often) unused art, when they are meant for making art itself.
Is it a recent video or just random choose 1?
Social media's important but email still best way to pitch. Best way to be heard is to listen
thanks! Spread the word.
RT - UVA's John Barr has signed with the Cleveland Indians. He'll report to Class A Mahoning Valley
2012 the deadline to end our spiritual enslavement to prescribed success.
I'm soo lucky that the person I happen to be in love with, is my bestfriend <3
I know! Already thinking about the massage after. Really happy I did that half
what happen
It is what it is!!
Gonna go see The Avengers with good friends!
Come this weekend and next to 's show! Our own has choreographed a wonderful piece for it. Hope we see you there!
Football: a game of inch. #GoGiants!
#itcouldbemuchworse ; ) My boss just got his 1st iPhone and plays with ring tones all day long
oh gush
Strawberries Halls : D
they say easy does it.
oh my MCA, you were taken too soon. My sympathies to everyone who cared about you. There are millions of us.
I may have been the crazy blonde with pink flip flops on today but this is exactly why! lol. wet sucks are the worst!!
possible tour?!?! YES!!!!
so is the mocha cookie crumble <U+E106>
You find the cards, email us, we send you a check for up to $1000.00!!
just moved to Locust from Fells. Where are you??? And yes on drinks!
Foot Cramps <<<
Fun day with the kids! <U+263A>
Hearing is one of the most primordial senses... Can you hear silence - it can be deafening?...
Stop Gassing These Girls!
What about a movie in SD?!?! Ya te toca venir!
and you will always be cute.
Memory research tells us a study method to help kids retain info, and it meshes with my experience. Awesome! //nyti.ms/hUAazS
Ball to hand, ref... seriously.
Naps will be the death of me
#LetItHappen RT : If its natural, it's easy.
Glen Campbell tribute is well deserved...A Beach Boy, and a hell of a guitarist, a virtuoso in fact
awesome, hope to see you at any
Google needs to make their iOS reader app usable
hun, wait till ur famous, which will b in about 6months-a yr, and then u can actually meet him. he will fall in luv with u! trust me :)
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 85
Brand NEW to Twitter!! Welcome ThomasTrading!!! Follow me!!!!
He hasn't texted me back in like 10 minutes! He's probably cheating on me!
#SomeWhereOutThere is a man who just got in a fight with his wife.........and she KICKED HIS A$$!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
don't forget Ima have on jean shorts
time for a change:-)
Ill be home tmrw night!
I can't wait for one for Android!
Resident says we should hold stadiums accountable for the trash in the parking lots and sidewalks in a larger radius of the actual stadium.
I'm getting sleepy.
yea.. yea.. i took a few deep breaths.. im ok now =") omg
Get to Willy St. Co-op East for yummy cocktails and Underground Meats samples.
I love you nigguh roach >;D
Get you're attitude straight & get more opportunities
Last week in 311! So many things to remember to do... Reminds me that I have to play grown-up now.
Exactly 1 week till graduation! Woo!
The concert when down!!! Everybody was there! No lie! That was a PARTY!
Sleeping naked bc there is no other way!
How come?
girl and the cash ball at suncoast tomorrow is now at $16,066 grrrr I gotta win that :-P
Could get a jump start on HW or lay around, be lazy and watch puck. hmm ill take option two
then Cruzan Mango Rum consumption should be a factor.
Thurs., 3/1 booth at #GOA2012: Label Printing w/ Monty Faulkner. See the WS6000 printing prime labels at an impressive speed & quality..
Attn: #Chicago RT Anybody in Chicago, Rogers park specifically, that could help us out today?
ya, let me know!
The recorded version of Sugar Rush sounds incredible! Make sure you check it out on July 20th!
" I'm coining the term "tribeliever" help me spread the word if you believe in the tribe. #whatif #rolltribe"
I saw the hugest rat in the subway. It was either ratatouille or a cat with a rat tail.
...So much for all those tweets on my TL sayin team no sleep and sleep is for suckas, etc... Smh
oh..how is it
When is going to send me some nuts n more samples? Sheesh you'd think we were friends haha
Just sent a tricky paper to a conference. Realized I don't much care if it's accepted, as intended audience are bound to be reviewers.
love you friend! Keep me posted on the interview!
Breaking News: A sex tape has been released... Fingers crossed it's with his old pals Mr. T, or , or both!
Still here HQ doing a vendor sale to raise funds for a local non-profit. A few things sold. Wish we had more traffic.
Ten Ways Your Smartphone Knows Where You Are - PCWorld
Aww, , I feel like I'm having a Sally Field moment. Thx, I'm looking forward to Dublin!
My day job is computer tech. I wish our senior tech was Hispanic so I could tell people I'm transferring them to our Señor Tech.
We all have choices in our lives which are to do something or not do something. Those decisions alter our future without us realizing it.
Bo Ryan: "This personal and vindictive thing and all that kind of stuff, are you kidding me?"
Having a hell of a time trying to figure this damn new program out
A4b: It's interesting that there are paid staff to monitor online social interaction of visitors but not so much in physical buildings
Free Test Drives all day.
SON COMO SON! ON FIRE!!! Come down to the ABQ Museum!!!!!
NO T w o People Share The Same Reality
LifeSkills visiting Mrs. Tina then back to school!
Tom Brady: 3 Super Bowl wins pre-Gisele. 0 Super Bowl wins with Gisele. Maybe having a supermodel wife is all the winning allowed in life.
i want to hire you has my stylist what's up?
M, I'm full of dumplings from lunch, which feels appropriate as I look dumplingesque.
I love Saturday!!!!!!
how are your red velvets?
RT 5 things CFOs need to communicate to CIOs to prevent overspending #Healthcare IT News from
The ratings should really skyrocket this morning with Palin! NOT
Na I'm getting off
sorry. Been busy. Im in Chicago lol
Love that our office is moving to it's summer home in a building named Hank today =). Yeehaw Y'all!
"Okay, brain. You don't like me, and I don't like you, but let's get through this thing and then I can continue killing you with beer."
Unbelievably excited to welcome and to Twitter!!!
I thought one of my fish was dead...but then realized he was just planking...silly fish
Ughh. Lucky! D:
Wanna Thank Everyone 4 The Support!...It Only Keeps The Hits Coming!!...
Errands day for me. Running all around town
you can do it!
Thing I want to do: Take a nap. Things I should do: Clean up backyard, laundry, finish packing.
Gravy-wrestling model hit in the face with monkey wrench after finding friend having sex on her sofa
great job on 140 conf, I'm sure Deepak Chopra felt the pressure having to follow you :)
<U+E022> it!“: Thanks for joining me and see you next week for another leg in vibrant Indonesia.
fly the flag
Cool! I don't think I've seen you since that Jake Melnick's event, like, 2 years ago?
Bought a new car yesterday!
what you talking about mama? Lol
Let's not forget the fact that Millwood was saved by 3 double plays today..
so i gotta spend my Spring Break in this cold cloudy weather when it was just sunnt and hot 2 days ago....#WhatHappened???
i just get a little excited from time to time
Life's to short to live the same day twice.
Need banner stands or pop up displays? We import them, design, print and ship for you.
Look forward to seeing you all on Weds!
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition
hello! How are you today?
and still there gm
maybe wired but still
Donath on Raj verdict: Chances for reversal on appeal are extremely limited given nature of court's rulings & conviction on all counts.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the others here for?
CHILL OUT, Its gym, not the olympics.
We wish lots of luck to all the folks and One of a Kind this weekend. May you sell plenty and enjoy doing so.
This bra ain't cutting it.
It's great - to be - a Michigan Wolverine!
“If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul.” Drew Barrymore
I'm at a bar, but everyone is pregnant
I don't like when people refer to there friends as peeps.
OK V secret..you claim to have the monopoly on women's lingerie, yet you only have 1 convertible bra in a DD in the whole store.
what you wanna throw hands bro?!
hell yea! But when would it take place....?
were you in Eric Garmon's class? or ?
those dreams always trick you!
The ripest peach is highest on the tree.
RT : S/o to he is definitely a good brother...thanks for the words of wisdom! #ICE <U+0391>F<U+0391> ~ #ICE!
the avengers was fucking good!
Looks like there's just 9 people on Twitter from #Brevard / #Spacecoast. We behind the times here? :)
Working on a new montage from today, make sure you check it out!
If you look close you might be able to spot me at age 15 in the crowd! Still have a puck & ticket stub!
that happened to me this morning :(
Ravens news is all the rage today.
i need to let this out but i have FILLION FEVER
Limbering up for my #Miller Park debut! Find me at Green Week when I bring energy efficiency to the masses! www.smartenergypays.com
where u at I'm bout to hoop
The World Would Be A Much Better Place If Tweeted More.
Would Calhoun be in title talk at a mid major??How many 5 five stars on that 96 UMass team not named Marcus Camby??
I DON'T HATE YOU. OH MY GOSH YOU'RE TOO NICE.
do u still have my number cause I don't have urs
i miss you too, i think I'm going to the musical maybe, so if your brother goes with me you need to come too!
And mustaches RT : And multiple kegs. RT : office is a madhouse today
Hey SaMmY!! Today is my Birthday N Im Excited!! lol Well Hope U Can Wish ma and AWsome birhday!! XD
how about some information on the power outage instead of this political nonsense.
Know its not thanksgiving yet but I wanna say I'm thankful for having you as a role model. Appreciate all you do.
silly. Too bad he didn't get the second yellow instead of Ramires, who was great.
oh, the things that have happened on my porch!
Thanks we will look forward to receiving them.
That's our job! tonight! is gonna be blowing up!
Playing League of Legends <333
so I'm supposed to be scared... Dont make me lol...
by K-I-D I mean Kid Rock
Ultimate Pick-Up Line (via "Hobo w/a Shotgun") " I wanna rip off your legs to get to your sweetness"
ashamed might be too strong...but def go! Soon!
RT : lol. A5: Benefit - They are pretty? …Pringles sell because they are stackable, not because they taste better.
Not really. No great fits. RT : Are there any bigs in this draft that you like paired alongside TT?
1 week from today is the highlight of the summer.. Overnight Camp! :) #getexcited!
Spinning tomorrow @ Luna Rebelle in Reggio Calabria, Italy! Really excited... sold out 2 days before the party <3
#CLE pride! Check out www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com updated photos give you a better look at our tees! Use code, TWEET20 for 20% off!
Happy Birthday ! :-)
It happens after one has kids. :)
No, I've also got a pair of socks and two plastic alligators. Please, watch it with the multiple question marks!
I think it was for the 22nd, but we can definitely bump it up. I got an update for ya anyway
lol I am gonna start fresh FOR REAL this time. I post whatever shit I want.
a boi com back crollin on his knees tellin yhu he love yhu but he cheated on yhu wit best friend (WTF)
If someone doesn't appreciate & value you, then why are you still with them?! Shouldn't that be your signal to send them packing?
I'll be there around 6pm on the 18th. That's when the Greyhound gets there =) That would mean the world to me!
Great evening of editing, almost there. The cover is coming along as well. Synopsis written, overall a great night! Have a great night all!!
Thank you Liz! We'll look forward to receiving it!
RT : Cardstar has never scanned for me on my iPhone 4. I eventually gave up trying./ they need to use hand scanner.
and why are you sending me a link to the amazon kindle??
i need someone i can put the weight on.
Hang out a few minutes and when you edit again you may be able to restore a draft.
Boston's gonna be crazy later, -- outside my building already smells like weed.
Movies :D
After how long of dating is it okay to bring sex toys into the relationship?
The duel IS cruel. So stop it #DWTS. We don't like it.
delish RT : Kitchen therapy: Tomato basil chicken, garlic mashed potatoes, lemony green beans. /chop chop chop, dice dice...
Watching Congo on #netflix and no, I am not high.
Thinking about ordering priorities. What is your ratio of rush orders placed to total firm orders?
what side do you tilt your head to when kissing?
I feel real bad for #oomfs because i know how shes feeling. Been in those shoes& it suck ass.
Sun is trying to come out and there is parking on Silver Spring.
yea I can't help the way I feel
Thanks! Lmao how was it? Anything about new coach?
Thanks for coming to Vanity guys! How'd you like ??
Thought you would have gone with a $NKE driver...Near the top of my bucket list is to tee it up with you, and win some $$.
It's another beautiful sunny day! AND it's Friday! :)
T minus 30 minutes! Can you handle this?
Picking classes from this Summer program thing
By the time I get thru e-mails, FB, Twitter, Google Reader & Pinterest I have no time to do any work. The one thing I miss about a desk job.
very true but for the first three months last year you didn't have them also if where in the NL west we would be 3 games out
I Cried When I Realized I Was Going To Be Five Hours Away From That Smile. :'(
ducks get on the board, but settle for 3
Ha! RT : Starbucks should create an index of economic activity: # many job interviews, start-ups, etc. forming in their stores?
I actually got a little tan today, god bless america
If you just received a DM from me with a link, DO NOT OPEN IT!
Congratulations to Alex Wright, , for being elected Political Director!
Jesus. 95# x 20 x 4? So much for taking it easy...
My parents just ugh!........ I don't like my family.
you're cute .
Get Young, Drew, Hudson back in near future.. God that help. See how Drew does in rehab.
Two new washes coming tomorrow!!
Love. I have a book you need to read about Jackie!
Sure! I wonder if we meet Andy lol.
"Office parks are so 20th Century." Mitchell Silver, Chief Planning Officer, Raleigh, NC
#dumbthingspeoplesay "I'm a red-bone"
Guess I better try it then...
any fool can say their sorry #SpiceGirls #SayYou'llBeThere
Critical Thinks skills in IOWA, Not.
Can everyone help me wish Jensen Ackles a Happy Birthday!
I got to be up in 4 hours and I'm getting a huge cramp in my calf right now #fml right now. Grandma's in the hospital, says prayer for her.
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Theta Healing Practitioner class happening next month! Message me for details!!
Pride fest day 2.
RT : Manny Pacquiao I'm calling you out let's fight May 5th and give the world what they want to see. PLEASE
TIME IS LONGER THAN LIFE SO LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST
: is a closet Gleek.
long day?
thanks girl! :)
Does Sizzex serve gingerbread cookies? (Why am I asking? They serve everything...)
i like people who can be silly, and not care
Lucky :P. Most ppl would give anything just to be followed by her. You were followed and hold the spot as her only favorite.
I'll be your friend lol
In the Conde Nast Library, we maintain a variety of tablets in order to archive and circulate our many digital titles.
Huge thanks to for being an awesome guest here on #mediachat tonight!
Kecil, on Coral Bay in hope for sunsets (of which there were none b/c of incessant rain).
Spend more time alone every day!
Starting back to school today!!!!
My brother just said if the world was to end, he would really eat a kangroo for food o_0 like wft???
We definitely will! RT : Stop by the after the marathon to meet CSA Farms!
haha #unexpectedwins RT : Draw Something is doing more for my sketching skills than all of my previous sketching exercises...
lol thats good to hear nd your welcome :D
Dear Me, The internet cannot see your facial expressions. Also, you look like a lunatic. Love, My Monitor
Hi, yes please! Do you know or do much with the NEC3 Term Service Contract which is used on the government FM frameworks?
either that or we found a team with shittier backups than us RT The #Chiefs' backup quarterback competition is heating up. Both...
<U+2660>RT : #TheDBSC brings you #DRTY3RDS this Saturday and Hosted by !
This game is going to give me a panic attack!
it's people in other countries (and here) thats just str8 up dyin and we worried about cell phones and reality shows
wait I dnt wrk at highland park no more
LADY A tickets tomorrow morning with Brian and LeeAnn!
I'm giving away a helmet like us in facebook now! ;)
hahaha well I like it better that way it's my ME time. too bad I have to sacrifice sleep to have my time though
HUMP DAY!!!
haha yes, tweets in keeping with research for work / career interests / etc. etc.
Thanos I think....
thanks for always being there for me when I look back!!! I really appreciate it a lot
Thank you!
still no sleep...im a machine
Ok so haven't been on here in like 4 ever. Moved into our own place & am so excited this wednesday, I'm gonna find out what I'm having :-)
#TheSexLaws is the dirtiest twitter I've yet to encounter.
But *I* got an amazing card, so the calluses were worth it! THANKS, BABE!
So if Chris Sale only throws 35 pitches this inning it will be an improvement.
Mario Williams to the Bills? Someone wants money more than wins. Bad omen.
Thanks for the #FF!
After my last final this year I'm honestly going to take a nap that'll be somewhere between 24 and 48 hours
Festival, officially wannabe groupie! & Anton Bruckner, rock stars in my book!
Now playing #YoungHomie by on
hey homie, did you forget about today?
Just got in !! :) Had an AMAZING day <3
It's probably greedy to want a 6-0 road trip, but.... that should've been a 6-0 road trip.
Great stuff as always Wickett. Nice work. Go #Brewers !!!!
have the best weekend ever
Well stay tuned they will be for sale in my etsy store very soon!
did you just come out of the oven? because you're hot as hell!
#TheLife RT : Spring rooftop happy hour in #NYC... Happy.
Cor 1:24 - All can call on Christ for salvation. Jesus didn't come to save us from Hell, but to save us from sin.
Just went to see Sherlock Holmes 2. If you liked the first one go an see this one too.
Hey, thanks for the follow. Let's Go Mets!
I'm following you because I searched for "writers on the verge." Good luck to you!
": if the Pats' SB wins have asterisks, does the Nawlins one have bruises?" Lady, where's my spy camera?
Good Morning Fans! We open at Noon for Twelve Buck Thursday...see ya soon!
There are three signs of old age: loss of memory ... I forget the other two. ~ Red Skelton
just kidding it was nugget
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone! Enjoy a free glass of Margarita and be safe! Fiesta!!!
ahhhhhyyy!!!! I would make out wit all of them!!
Was thinking the same thing as I decide whether today HAS to be a cosmetic-laden one...
Your sliders were amazing! Thanks for coming out to Mega!
Given the green light to write a travel story about the Hoover Dam...will definitely wotk in some Vegas Vacation Chevy Chase "Dam" comments.
Birthday dinner with Emily @ Fogo de Chao in DC-after all this meat and cheese, we're gonna roll ourselves out of here...
was very cool about the feedback he got... I hope I am as open-minded the next time I walk into a row.
for the winter weather?
Joseph DiSalle was dared "to write a Jacobean Tragedy (lots of blood, murder & betrayal) starring kindergartners" for #dareproject 17.
I luv How does Images of they are so Adorable I love them (,=
Discovered yet another IE 6/7 bug this time w/ z-index. IE will you please just die already so I can get on with my life?
idk was soph or junior when we all stayed at my house
when wants to quit because he doesn't feel as important as the others <<<<<<
If I had a voice like Ne-Yo I'd be set for life! :D
We are surrounded by Latin greats in the Bay Area. Case in point John Santos "Rumba" lectures at MOAD. More info at www.ybgf.com
I already did you.. you said
Clearly #grizzlies being aided by all sorts of things. Missed shots. Griffin looking slow. Paul finger and groin.
That makes two of us. RT : Looking forward to 's digital night tonight
Just sent it. that's psychic shit. thanks dude! Hopefully we'll be working together soon.
"if u could talk to DRose 2day what would u tell him?" "No sex advice from Thibs, he hasn't mastered the pullout method." ~
im sleepin on my chair tonight
T.G.I.F lol
^pcWho created Valentines Day?
In all my years of the watching NBA, I have come to learn that no lead is safe. Nice comeback by the Clippers.
stop being cranky and get better already :P
Great Game <<<<
Good Night
i haven't heard jeah in years lolololol!!!!
This weather forecast has been going on for 10 minutes now.
I'm sorry, but if "Grey House" is emblazoned over your skyscraper doors, then that's not really what I'd call "discreet".
Tracking ROI for lawyers or a legal firm is not as easy as having your receptionist ask where a client heard about your legal firm.
hey how it going ???
according to health professionals you can't target one area for weight loss.
Please make sure to join Outward Bound Denver on Facebook
OMG. has gone so far now. :)
They are indeed worthy of your love. I, however, am a super fan and will be attending their show. One way or another.
To all my nhs and rhs alumni. If u rock with me, support ya boy n download my single for $1. U wont be disappointed
loved hearing you and spilly on the 102.3 the ticket. Cant wait to see you guys at the ballpark this weekend!
SLIfoundation.org.....visit me on facebook. St. Lucia Island Foundation
& who showed you that song? :p
Always here to help. ;)
disrupted guy hiding behind neighbor's car smoking crack. He jumped up and left when he saw me. Jerk. Learn how to share.
From the darkness, ignite new candles of light.
But if a nightmare ever does unfold, perspective is a lovely hand to hold.
Some people are so immature
oh my gosh, sorry I don't like you like that.
Both of those MCs have projects dropping this summer. Very promising artists. We'd love to work w/ you on the hosting...
I should write an e-book called "Standing in Line for Dummies". Then let the two people in front of me read it. Then bludgeon them.
I can't wait to get back! I miss you girls! I'll be back Monday!
Helping my son with his reading books <3
Listening to Up All Night :)
chicken butt (:
ya but there expense like crazy
South Beach Miami Rentals is the best source for Miami Beach Rentals and Brickell Rentals
I have began my annual reading of Howard Zinn's The People's History of the United States, 9th time reading it
Just watched a LIVE high speed chase of a white minivan from Milwaukee to Kenosha County on suspects caught
I hung out with mine for hours(:
Just hit publish on a Friday blog post. Planning future posts and realized we'll only be at this for 12 more weeks. Shocking!
“: BREAKING: #Kentucky wins the 2012 #NCAAFinals, finally giving John Calipari a title for about 3 years”
oh i won't. I was just exaggerating my anger.
Like we who live in LA didn't know this for a fact
how exciting !
I will not patronize any retailer who spams my feed. You and American Eagle have permanently lost my business.
wad veazey!! How ya been bro?
saturday! They last a week
If you hear howling, you know where to find me. (<U+25D0>.~<U+25D0>)
< why wut happen?
Ivon Ulibarri y Cafe Mocha {{{TONIGHT}}} at Salsa Under the Stars! Get there @ 6:30 and take a FREE salsa lesson!
Thank you for the follow :)
Having a rough day but I'm thankful to be alive!
Ah home & watching #dwts. MOTOWN WEEK!!!! This is the music i grew up with!! I cant handle this magic!!!!!
watching "she's gotta have it"
Well then, better fly out there and get those monies back eh?
they are easy to find. Simply cover yourself in honey whilst holding a marmalade sandwich. Should see a bear or 2 then!
Grocery shopping
This weather is #ridic Oh Cleveland how I can't wait 2 leave u!!!
Great, diverse panel right now at #sdsms: from , !
You'll come out cheaper getting them from the Forum. I got mine from ticketmaster.
Praying for some waves (and less smoke) this coming weekend!
Reggie miller is right tho..lakers gettin inside and thunder gettin all jump shots..eventually those jump shots will miss.
As the Law of Entropy states, something in order will go to a state of disorder. Therefore, perfection will never exist..
You lose some,you win some but as long as the outcome is in come you won
having some technical difficulties at the moment!
I had someone do mine, and I've been considering learning to do that so I can offer it myself. I'll call you later.
Push the tempo! :D
I just got a free iPod touch with my new laptop. I can see why people spring for things like the iPhone. They are so awesome!
Clever Tip of the Day: if you plug your cell phone into a charger, make sure you plug the charger in, too!
Oh I get it, just heard the twitter freestyle for the first time. be rippin them freestyles
I can only send you a DM if you're following me too I guess. I just tried. :)
Taking another break in my routine - dusted and vacuumed, now I'm hydrating. Exciting stuff. :P
And to top everything off this clown just texted me -___-
Ur friend gets injured...free Vicodin for everyone :D
#Spring has sprung and #Summer is on deck. Have you decided to get fitter faster, or are you still flubbing on your old routine?
St. Louis just needs a little positive thinking!
manages technology services for a campus of 30K students, yet was flummoxed by a hotel room coffee maker.
Any good record shops in Vegas?
only 3 years old with when my babymomma brought my son home gave him a fat ass chain and a big ass pinky ring slapped her on her ass
#MOTD2 Well, I don't really have one... usually I have so much quotes... dammit :/
Two presentations today and my groups aren't even finished with our projects yet :/
I love sparkly nail polish. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
FREE hair extension seminars! Email us at for more information. WE'LL COME TO YOU!
does the program manager (job that was posted) have to be located in NYC?
- Spree's contract was significantly shorter and cheaper.
Tonight! The Tell at our neighbor's house 7pm, come over after to Emergency Arts to tell us all about it!
Forgot how bad music in the #ATX could be, thanks
did you go?
Thank you, Danny...
"David Ortiz is done." -Me circa 2009. I may have missed the mark a bit there.
#hth2012 should reach a "unified field theory" (one data base to rule them all)? Notes social context irreducibly hard
ik im ready to leave now
I love little babies!!!!!
Occupy members still speaking to council about problems they see with ordinance.
Just realized is following me :) #swag thats crazyy :) <3
Shredding was probably part of the promised service - but I guess somebody didn't read the contract!
Few things: Brent Week's Perfect Shadow has a #promo price 2.99 & if you haven't already- download the Twilight graphic novel onto your iPad
The 2011 version may be closer to book, but I'll take the 1945 adaptation of "Mildred Pierce" any day.
Couldn't be any happier for Nadal. Such a well deserved victory!!!!!!
I have a new appreciation for Dora after listening with one ear all afternoon while the squirt is home sick ...
So, we hear May almost got started w a BANG in NEOhio. Thanks FBI guys! P.S. to anarchists, everyone knows you shld ask a guy if he's wired
hay wats up boo
my new id card picture looks like im a convict! lmao
sorta... Ugh I hate this
I agree w/ that but I also think Westbrook might be faster than D.Rose.
im crying right now your at paramous, im in florida and then the one time I know of that you were in miami was when I was in nj.
They said I never make it to the top cuz I come from the bottom I'm from the hood where they dont make it baby.
that was awesome hunter! im a young golfer and i look up to you! wish i could have been there!
Battle of the Harbaughs with the Super Bowl on the line?
DONT want to be here right now.
Who has a Skype?! (:
Been watching The Apartment on Blu-ray with my 11-year-old son and thrilled that he's enjoying it.
PickUpLine: Do you mind if I end this sentence in a proposition?
Are we all ready for another day of outright lies from romney & santorum? Get your research tools & google evry statement. Nominee
What in the?! Ah!
yall better be ready
absolutely. on the mbta that is.
I Got A Couple Fam, But If I Had To Choose One, I'll Have To Say Tear The Roof Down Or Checkmate... Or Maybe Hypnotic
We would be happy to give these at upcoming WP meetups if you would like.
I bought a bottle of beer at the gas station with no label for 60 cent.. I'm excited to see what kind it is...
#quote "The way we see the problem is the problem" - Stephen R.Covey
Been listenin' to some all day. Really looking forward to him releasing some new music soon!
see ya march 10!
I hate it when your friends change :(
Canyonlands National Park, Utah (in HD)
You wanna talk about a waste if time? I chased you for 4 years and this is what I get. Thats the real waste of time.
#FF Sterling Author Edition:
When I actually want to go to work nobody calls me!
Shut up talkin to me
oh ok. Here its the opposite
Look for Chris Johnson to have a breakout performance this week against the Steelers
I just finished a 3.21 km run with a time of 18:07 with Nike+ GPS.
No act of kindness, however small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
out in the sun
Mental note, wear gloves the next time I chop up habaneros and caribbean peppers!
The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us.~ Bill Watterson
Searching for articles/treatises on "bad boy" disqualifying rules in blue sky laws=fun!
NHL playoffs are better then the nba. There I said it
amen to that and drink up. Cheers and Merry Christmas!!
you just looking in the wrong place
You were the one guy who was supposed to show me you were different, instead you showed me you were all the same.
Thank you for retweeting our need for Food Donations
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
MT : Many families do not have 2 choose between paying for bills or food bc programs #SNAP & #WIC r there 2 help
I guess it's not for me if I have to ask how you keep yer ta-tas in place.
I just want to get this over with.
Took my dog to the dog park today. It was a lot of fun. Ajani s BBF sleepover 2days. My daughters are very happy!
#WhereYouBelong is a world where what is trending is less important than who is dying, starving, homeless, hopeless, alone, friendless...
yh but only if we get all the tickets sold xx
RT Taking long bus ride 2 San Jose @ 8pm, covering Lobo fans @ tourney! Will be tweeting from the road.
Dan Millman My old father used to have a saying: If you make a bad bargain, hug it all the tighter
Forecast for Today: Occasional showers with a slight chance of thunderstorms. Highs around 70. South winds 5 to 10...
Dreams are what make the world desirable.
Just found a $10 bill in the side of a recliner at an apt complex!
Recording off of peachStreet
Having a Quarterlife Crisis does not have to revolve around ur job. It could be other parts of ur life that are not filled w/ joy
Career Resource Librarian & Webmistress from Boston here!
No, the pig & turducken orgy is actually embossed on my silverware.
According to email provider ExactTarget, people only take 2.7 seconds to decide if they will read,forward or delete a message.
Now here's CM Punk
you this read wrong.
thanks! I hear ya. Not that they're needed, but having kids is a great excuse to act like a kid.
Going to transform into a Super Saiyan around 5:30 tonight , Anybody wanna watch?
What business are you in? VS What business SHOULD you be in?
love the show and the song Uh still biting on it
all good....thanks ;)
Realizing my instincts are good. My senses are keen and my bullshit detector is on full time...
Congrats #JanetMayson for her #barebonesfestival for the Audience Favorite for 'Libby Girl'!
How do you get into the chat though? I see no chat.
obviously and #RSL!!! Go Sporting!!
« Do the things you should, not just the ones you want to.»
Check your driver's license for the "STAR" - Real ID Act - You've been marked! Signed into law by GWB.
happy birthday
Like , testing out #yam - how many networks can you juggle before cognitive overload?!
Just had remarkable service from Casey with the at the Madison, WI Best Buy. Major thanks!
Now back to regularly scheduled programming lol
lets get weird!
we gone see bra bra
89 degrees in #Vegas. 98 on Sunday.
Tweet me?
Why do Lakers-thunder play 4 games in 6 nights while Heat-Pacers play 4 in 8? Is Stern protecting LeRobin again? Weak sauce.
and of course to make another #roadtrip with and
We help Attorneys and Lawyers from NYC to LA get FOUND by their clients thru Google search, Social Media & Online PR campaigns
Supposed to be hanging out with but she has her head in the clouds so the cold beer sounds good! Landshark!
why not just admit that the characterization was out of bounds & move on?
One day im gunna be the one to walk away... One day ill be tired of you breaking my heart
Death to subjects! Long live quests!
yup im here..go west
"Spivey if you let in another goal I'm gonna tickle your bitch ass!!!"
it's not going to matter because MU is going to win the Petite12 by 2 halves.
You look as delicious as that burger does!!!!! It says eat me hun, I'm juicy and thick! Did it have tomatoes on it?
he won an award and didn't get a leg lamp? Thats a gip. Congrats to Fedward!
What kind of mess only takes down 6 of 7 digits? ....I could have gotten her twitter last night.
Thanks, Jan. I hope you and your sister like it. Have a wonderful holiday season!
no I was not miss lol
Updating our Clinics and Camp pages - anybody got anything they want us to add?
It's been reported Jessica Simpson has done a $4million deal with Weightwatchers to lose the post-pregnancy weight.
Big Krit- Insomnia
This is ridiculous. I need to start going to bed at a decent hour..
Hey bella, I just wanted to know if u could tell how to dress like Cece on shake it up and what r your favorite stores
man I just got flicked by the police while I was hitting a blunt..I forgot to turn my headlights on..LMAO I guess I was asking for it!!!
is there no Tuesday soccer/rugby ninja equivalent in Brooklyn?
I NEED HELP WITH CORPORATION TAX RETURN FORM 1120 OR 1120 S! http;//www.taxproblem.org
Thank you gorgeous!
I always used to think the numbers on a toaster were heat settings not minutes
I can't believe my little brother graduates from High School, today! Congrats Jake the Snake!!
Getting ready for graduation this morning. I hope all the students can make it to the
indulging in an chocolate protein shake this morning. um YUM!
Hrmph. I want that for dinner, too
What do you want Lexington Market to become? How do we get it there?
Grinding is the key to succes!
Shit is about to get crazy here
LETS GO #DEVILS!!! SO PUMPED
“ Next week gonna be crazy! #Revenge”
And so begins the wave
Just got back from Spring Green... all the laundry done, room cleaned, mail checked, hair cut, I got SO much done
Hey you pulled our email abilities 36 hours ago and we still haven't heard a reply to our inquire! Help! Please!
i don't know which excited me more seeing on twitter or seeing an account called Either way...im Following BOTH
thanks for the convos this week. looking forward to more goodness next week :)
What's the best place to stop for coffee in Louisville, KY?
If I were to get Lasik, then I'd get the best treatment possible, but Im not really into lasering my eyes.
To make it a truly "common intellectual experience" all first semester #bighistory FYS courses share same readings, syllabus
This rain better hold off till I get my snowcone!
my phone is dead dude just dm me
Intense game, but we won
patriots all the way!
did you sing Don't Cry For Me Argentina as you poured it out?
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers who take care of us :-)
Falling in love is so fun, I hope it last forever.
This Day in Blues History: Nov 13, 1942, blues singer and guitarist John P. Hammond Jr. born in New York City
Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work. Rita Mae Brown
RT Also upset Newsweek didn't consider whether Obama might also be the first Sith, Hobbit or Kryptonian president
Wow, I remember following you, when you had like 7k, back in november 2011 (:
Rat tail Mexicans haha
#ThingsIHate when people leave me voicemails
We GRIND for our city.
still awake. workin on the homepage...
#HeyCrispy If I had a choice, I would spend my 100 coins on you instead of an extra life.
I did not. When/where?
another one of our very talented ladies #booked herself a re-curing role on a #Pilot! we put you in front of people who matter!
Digital Dead End TODAY at 4:30. See you there!
"You can't archive something that hasn't happened yet!" "YOU can't."
its about someone and thats not cool to say over twitter.
Making music make money. Making music with your ipad. Lol we don't need to record using amp at da studio anymore
Hey you know what? Fuck you.
I love serving my clients, but sadly the service isn't free!
The wind in SoCal is making it so hard to concentrate. It's all the positive ions... or is it the negative ones.
hell yeah ! thats my shit right there!
You don't have any. #awkward jk.
haha wow. twitter is soo messed up! :p how many did you gave before?
Today is a step closer to your dream, No matter how many times people say no to you never give up!
I'm never gunna watch Captain America! Try base the movie on him killing Hitler. Fuck that!! Captain America kiss my ass and go choke. Hmph!
people have just been pissing me off this week
So perfect.RT : Me: "Gracie, do you know what your shirt says?" Her: "Yep, soccer ball." Me: "Great, let's take a picture."...
Starting to get excited for my performance today at Ribfest in Vinoy Park! I will be opening on the main stage.
If you're looking for a Shapefile, try the "Original" link, which just serves up the original source file.
considering a 2-line family plan, unlimited talk, text & web.....but without an outrageous $$ is that possible?? :) lol!
go to teh center 4 kidz who cant read good n want to learn to do other things good 2! i.e. private skool
Loving life is a beautiful thang! Enjoy ur day peeps ;))
If my mom sends me to school, I'm going off. Does she not see how sick I am or does she need a better prescription for her glasses?
Check out Design Essentials Diamonds Oil Sheen Spray, it is an aerosol oil sheen that adds a lustrous shine to completed styles.
Good Morning !
You're welcome and happy weekend to you as well!
Girl I usually love u but you really acting childish on this episode stealing purses and crap lol .Your 40 girl act likeit
His tank top and beanie oh damn
Just dropped my daughters off at camp - I know they'll have a great time, but it always just feels wrong! I'm going to miss them.
Happy Friday! Got any plans? I am going to a wedding in LA and also excited to meet new baby boy!
it's crazy how people i'm not even following retweet me.
hey dude
aw have a safe trip the rest of the way!
da weekend here what we looking like broski
I think you're right about that. This book is giving me chills. This is some powerful writing. ooy
can't wait to see you March 27th @ the Riverside in Milwaukee!!!!
At house to work on our social studies project
I'll be , 7 PM tonight for their first open mic night, "Random Thoughts"!
Step away from the Vicodan!! Thatisall
you know it! I didn't get to the labels session but am now at audience engagement
: that's what I do for a living....haha! Ponte a estudiar!
How's the little one doing?
#Team2Tone join our countdown for our single!!! Day 8 yea buddy :)
Happy Monday Friends! Anticipating todays photo shoot w/ Fashion model Tsolo from MM! Pics 2 come soon! Come Follow Our Blog 4 More Updates!
Chris Brown is doing a great Qbert impression
I did everything for u now when I'm gone u still Gunna fuck up ur life smhhhh
Good luck fighting through all the scientists...
I am hosting a challenge for 5 people who are willing to commit to getting in amazing shape!! Want to join? Read details on my blog:...
OMG UR FROM IRELAND???? i have roots from there i cant wait to go there sometime it looks so pretty and magical.... *dream* (-<)
Quote of the day "You can't even call them (Charlotte Bobcats) shitty because it's an insult to shit."
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
In less than 32 hours I will be in the air! Woo!
I haven't either.
What Samuel L Jackson doesn't know is that Siri actually LOVES Hotzpacho
Redskins Nation!!!
It's cold today, but it's good to know spring is right around the corner.
Our Klout Score should be "AWESOME" // MT : , your Klout Score is 39 (I'm a 55). Check out your profile today!
We ain't never gonna get that Kush & OJ music quality no more..
Happy mothers day to my mom, she's been through a lot and the fact she puts up with me is mind blowing! Haha love ya ma :) <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Way to be an ignorant fuckass. Mark Bingham on Flight 93 was gay and helped defend the plane against terrorists.
Send an email to with all your questions and we will be more than glad to help you! :)
this is my first rewatch since meeting a bunch of cast members last year.
Today we get our hspa scores.. oh boy. Lord help me.
Obama's biggest gaffe! Omitting square dancing. Say no to Congress! Yes to fiddle!
you're welcome!!!
A big cheers to the Tuscaloosa News staff for utilizing both traditional and new media to cover the deadly tornadoes of last spring. Bravo.
You're so lucky! I love starbucks! But I rarely get to go there! :/ But I got Dunkin' so that's alright haha. ;D
Last night was amazing... But of course this happens
We wish you a Merry Christmas, a prosperous New Year and of course above all the best of luck at the poker tables!!!
Haha its been an HR wait for me finally home. I drink a lot of water at work lol not a good deal
Are you saying you like high school girls with poofs?
Retweet this if you dig our music. If you haven't heard it yet, why don't you take a peek? www.facebook.com/coventrysquare
same too ya
Asking #StAnthony for a special favor this month.
My memories for #ChuckBrown go back since I was 6 or younger...way before I knew who a Michael or a Whitney was.
I'm trying to sleep! I can't fucken sleep tho /:
it's just him ducking the fight everybody wants if no one wanted to see them fight Floyd would be calling him out left & right
Happy Birthday to one of the cutest junior executives around!
haha aw thanks! (:
Totenberg: this is going to be extremely difficult for reporters to cover due to legalese.
It's been 7 months since she died bt it still hits home every time I think about it
Hard to be bad ass and tough when your wearing argyle. Just sayin #UNC uniforms
All these girls are hmu today BUT YOU!</3
time to play survivor: systems analysis - last person voted out of 109 wins.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Starting my 5 hour layover in Denver on the way back home. Can't wait to see the family.
If U R looking 4 a bank 4 yr business, I HIGHLY recommend US Bank. Service is unsurpassed & plus I had wine at lunch so I luv everyone
don'tcha love how dubbed that guy's voice is? Also, if you're abt 30, just buy a tuxedo, it'll pay for itself in four weddings.
Go 'head... Run your mouth... Fake ass people, I'm on to you.
I'll be the next to unfollow U!! lol
Changing a bed skirt has never been so quick and easy! The EasyFit Bed Skirt 's versatile style coordinates with any bedding and its inno
Houston Astros, Brett Myers close to multiyear contract extension
Thanks for the follow! We're hoping to help volunteers make a more visible impact in the next year.
Hello world im lit!!!!!!
All good dude. If they played a little better 1H, would have been a totally different game.
Beliefs is sounding heavy as fuck.
The U.S. now has an approved Anti-Bot Code of Conduct for ISPs. Great work by all involved!
True! wan hear tuesday!
This week's #phillyhunt question: In today's Inquirer on the Inquirer Express page, what is the first headline in the Entertainment section?
Got call for voter survey on Eanes School District, told her live in Lakeway School District, she said no problem still can do. Great!
He should have known.
Thank you Thank you very much/ For within your behaviors/ Lies a lesson for me/ Ha2ku by ha2tim
kiss kiss hug hug hooray xxoo!!
Welcome Megan! Let's dig in..Q1. What is driving your interest in mobile marketing and apps?
love at first sight? i dont know i zoom
congrats to and the #NJDevils posse. big W! keep it rollin'
Good luck! “: We're in Albuquerque today meeting with the University of New Mexico to discuss service for 2,100 on-campus beds.”
DeMaio runs out of time before he can respond to Fletcher.
all of the above. And decided I needed to load up the locksmith w tequila as a thank you
I enjoy TV commercials in Latin America. They are just so... wrong!
Is it fair that Sakai gets to make a pitch to higher Ed CIOs without giving equal time to Moodle?
Why can't you message me first?
Let's hit this workout
The 77-bed replacement facility for Walton Regional Medical Center has became operational as Clearview Regional Medical Center.
I gotta sell for at least 300.00
State should use TANF funds to fund support low income children and families...not cut these services.
On top of being tired, my face broke out over night and I didn't put on makeup and my hair looks bad. Today'sjust gonna be AWESOME.
I'm good. You?
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 4
Lol ikr!! I need to be down there kicking it!!
the ole wrath of shelly and mike. Got charged out the ass at my last place. Good luck.
In church saying there's still hope
Heading to to celebrate the 1st sitting US President endorsing marriage for all. Thanks
I have an emotional attachment to Florida. I had my first taco there. You can't forget your first taco.
Fucking Hell. I thought 'When Mitt Romney Came to Town' was going to be a badass Western; instead it's a Michael Moore doucheflick.
Life has been treating me well recently.
i love u and im horrible :/ but ill be better in a month they said
follow me It's Tiffany ^.^
You're going out in style and I'm getting tired Of all your lying, stop pretending, stop.
apartment searching is hard!
#ImSickOf school. Summer is comin' baby!!
#MyTop10GucciSongs Candy Lady ....my other fave :-) :-) :-)
enjoyin early sunday morning with my buddies JLo and JaRule, singing and bumpin with I'm Real!.
politics is for poofs.
It is the platform of the Green Party that, “every human being deserves a say in the decisions that affect their lives.
Had so much fun today with the team at the "Big Dreams" book signing & Read&Romp event in Birmingham. Al.
haha I was craving popeyes...Rally's cheeseburgers are dominant tho and the fries are one of a kind
. Is it a still a surprise if I see it on twitter first?
S/o to I'm going to have to pay closer attention to ur tweets
Make that eight homers allowed in 20.2 IP for Tommy Hunter in his career at Rogers Centre.
oh mos def. I can't help myself. I compulsively catalogue & rank too damn much... 2011 will be up on either the 30th or 31st
Early on, the two MIT classmates realized that people were shifting their shopping and research habits to the web
Thought 4 The Day: Are you just living or are you living life and fulfilling your purpose? Make things happen, don't let them happen to you!
Riding behind tint wit a bitch you neva seen before..
Lovin the bulbstorm massage chair before home. No idea why this isn't the best seat in the house? Maybe cuz it's hard to tweet.
New #uxSEARS blog preparing for launch.
thank you, can't wait to be back!
can you cone through around 10:30 am on Friday ?
& are busy in the office today with Cleopatra, CEO....do you have your tickets yet?!
that AzMarie woman looks creepy and LOL at them. "Shacked up" lmao.
it was nice meeting you yesterday at the citadel! Haven't seen you since Cody's birthday last year lol (:
okay, thanks!:)
Getting close! “: I wish it was Football Sunday today! #GoPackGo”
depends on what kind of guy she was looking for jesus use to love to clean feet
My last full week of high school!!!
Now following..
If u can't be a blessing in Ur life then I'd rather be nothing
i got an awesome check today. I'm gonna spend it all getting my tattoo Tuesday ^.^ it keeps getting better.
Occupy Seattle is happening right outside my window. I hear sounds of helicopters, police, and loud 60s music.
Cooking pasta. Hhhhnmmmm
Colbertnation I went to website looking for "setting square" hoping to get for charity auction, autographed would be best- let me know.
I did it, motherfuckers. I bought a purse AND jeans. You don't know how hard I've worked to get here.
and apparently grab her ass too ;) lmao
Received my 1st gift bag....headed to Everready
cool RT : is now communicating with customers and business partners on Twitter.
I didn't pick up from the profile this was about #RevolutionaryWar Vets Marksmen. I'm glad I looked at your cool website!
Hope you have a beautiful morning and a fantastic day.
A musical experience you don't want to miss. This event is filled with workshops and concerts www.mariachispectacular.com
DJ Quik - "Killer Dope"
I really LOVE my Ranger Con Shirt! Cant wait to see you in Lexington KY on March 24th!
While watching NY v MIA I told Siri to play Nipsey Hussle
That awkward moment when most of the #NewDirections tweets is about 1D and not actually about
And how did I do that??
I see why people charge $500+++ for fusions ... Them shits burn the hell out of your fingers
I have a special pillow
Nicely done! RT landed deal to run all ticket sales for the #rollingstone #superbowl2012 party w/ #gymclassheroes &
Where the hell everybody @
love that movie!!!
If you're a graduate of please tweet them 140 characters of how you've benefited from your education.
so good! Kind of wishing I was a Megadeth fan ;)
One more day of school! Then the weekend~
lol yeh he does..im sorry if i ever did something to you (:
available at the shop for appointments through November 12th!
Mississippi and New Orleans.
That MOON! whoa!
this is a good thing?
"Nat Fans" I think is the favored term
Welp RT “: No #philmeon RT Open up her legs & philmeon THAT pussy, I'm gon get in & own that pussy.”
RT ": The shell must break before the bird can fly."
how soon, after a domain expires, can it be acquired?
And my daughter exploded.
Gordon said that she stopped time when she walked into a room. Other women were like clocks compared to her.
Tell you what. I'll maded you a cookie. (And if you're lucky, I won't eated it.)
this man really is th ebest praise and worshipper of our time.whn w were recording our single in hollywood we wer inspired by u
Today's BTU inspiration: "Is the one I love everywhere?" ~Rumi
i have ac prom but lets be fun saturday !
I just found She is the deeloper of these THAT conventions. Very ORGANI conventions that I believe are WIRED for CHANGES!
Another great #smckc breakfast this morning
Happy Father's Day to the best daddy in the world, even though he wrestles too rough with me sometimes! Ruv Roo, !!!!!!!!!
Biz owner? Always dream of hosting a mustache bash, old-timey party, adult tricycle races or any other ridiculous awesomeness? Get at me!
"Get him to the Greek" movie - worth watching?
I've never used motherless; everybody has a biological mom & dad, whether they r deceased, deadbeats, crackheads or n prison
We on some hype shit, got ya girl on that white shit
DCS: A10 Warthog is pretty damn difficult... Been at it for a few hours now and I've barely earned the title of "noob". Any tips?
trying to tweet more, but dont know what to say!
for her he gave her hope until the lungs got damaged. Their is not cure two of her symptoms read up on them. Any one who can or knows
Who got clips this weekend??
thanks bruh spread some of my music around to your people
8:45 am, if lucky. MT Pet peeve: "How come u never tell me when u have shows? "It's not like u tell me when ur going to work.
Develop understanding.
There's two things you can do when you trip. 1. Act like your starting to jog, or 2. Act like you just pulled your hamstring and stretch
That random moment when you walk ina bathroom an some one is knocking the boots in there
L O FUCKING L my ex is married to Grace Gore on facebook BAHAHAHHAHAHAHA
#FeelsSoGood to be doing healthy things :)
Having dinner mexican food...
i was born ready fool
dirty dancing (:
64% of Marylanders support a bag fee, according to a 2011 public opinion poll.
Very true, no stand outs in the rookie class this year. But hurt or healthy, Rubio would have been runner-up to Kyrie
BREWERS WIN!!!! FINALLY!!!!
Super excited to see my love tomorrow morning!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A>
God is good! Been in and out of the hospital the last week. Today I'm working just call me lil Oprah!
looking for the Cards game but found in da case of Shameka more lips than gloss, 4 yr old Devon, Eugene father of 13, you are not the father
ordered coop btwn the Health Depmnt + the MTA to ensure that city's more than 800 dialysis patients can reach services.
A lunatic in a sweater is still a lunatic. I do believe St. Rick's ship has sailed, tho. The GOP will have to deal with Mittens.
Looking for a Voice/Acting Teacher for Two Rapidly Up coming Auditions Please contact me with your rates ASAP Denver/Aurora Area Only Thanks
Yes, it is all well in Colo Springs, and your trucks and SUVs make the live in the winter here a lot easier... a lot easier
Things are looking up
you were hilarious! Yes, I would. What time does it start?
More great people to follow
thanks and iam going to sleep gnight babe
why is Ms Piggy making eyes at me?
thanks alot brotha man. you killed it. :) lets do it again soon
the time2 spent w/la model has become light work &much social ,fine its la art of entertaining so fine a woman, model &a person & painting B
Thank you waitress for confirming with a lemon is not a good combo. Lime is good, and they are very similar so I understand.
SO true.
I REALLY LOVE YOU I CANT BELIEVE THAT YOU FOLLOW ME I KNOW IT WAS A LONG TIME BUT WOW IT REALLY MAKES ME :) I LOVE YOU CODY! <3
I like your movie tastes! Ride the High Country, Sullivan's Travels, Foreign Correspondent....
Nice feel in here tonight! Lots of laughter mixed with the sound of Nat King Cole right now!
Gunning’s Seafood Restaurant 7304 Parkway Drive Hanover,Maryland 21076 Just off 295 and 100 you can find Hot Steamed Crabs. Come Enjoy!
The Meaning of Wearing AnkletsYou can buy jewelry stands For- anklets for sale
Ready for this moving thing to be done....
First rehearsal for the big Beatles bash tonight -- looking forward to digging into some fun new Lennon & McCartney charts!
#DoubleCup “: dRANk SiNATRA..”
I love movie nights. Need sleep now, so much to do tomorrow
$ECYT be careful longs...
OBL should be literally buried with a boot up his ass!
Shout out to John Lang Fine books & Skyblue the beatmaker. Yep, I'm the only fiction writer with a DJ!
Ugh, ugh, ugh.
This is a tweet... that feels better
1924 when he reached 124 miles per hour on the "Pendine Sands" of
Brb, dying because is at The Middle East and I'm not.
Milwood was in the bigs with the #Rockies. He is a fly ball pitcher which generally doesn't work well
they are very funny. Love me some Aoki. ;)
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Is anyone doing anything special for Valentine's Day tomorrow?!
We are proud of you. You put in the hard work so you deserve the praises
is excited to meet up with many of my 944 fam in LA tomorrow and check out our new corporate headquarters there!
RT : I guess I'm thinking of kids books, say Captain Underpants...yeah, lots would just smell like air freshener
More gifs please,
My office is fancy. OH: "Hey, what do you mean by 'clear your cache?' (pronounced "ca-shay")"
I need a belt, gun and book of spoilers for my riversong costume. That belt is so hard to match!
tell them you write a sports blog
We can solve this over some beer. And an NES. Or an Atari?
Tonight's menu: curried tilapia, peas & rice w/ a vegetable medley.
just had me some DRAGON FRUIT :)
So I was making a case that Pinterest is for women and sure enough on the front page: pictures of sandwiches and kitchens.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers.
ok. that's enough. Those of us on campaign budgets occasionally are forced to get mcdonalds and don't need this.
It's an A-1 music day.
Happy Birthday Dad. I miss you!
Slept in today. Didn't have to wash this morning. Took part in the meteor shower last night.
Oh lord...interview Saturday in Morristown, NJ.
im good!! little tired< i cant wait till june 18:D
makin coin?
Due to injuries Mikey Jones & Rashaun Richardson will not be playing in the Run N Slam in Ft. Wayne. Believing for quick recoveries.
"I like to think that the rapture did come, but Macho Man Randy Savage was the only one who proved worthy"
no you pervert
I’m not gonna waste time chasing people. You wanna leave? Fine then, go. I’m done chasing & caring for people who never had interest in me.
What a night for season finales! #Scandal #greysanatomy and #missing...all left me on the edge of my seat! Lol
All learning should be based around the individual.
You can't judge people from what you see.
I really need to stop eating taco bell so late at night.. every night...
Damn, got some kind of headache. Must of been something I ate last night
Cranking Baba O 'Riley the the Gomers as loud as it will go. Thanks
Happy #TTOT to you too.
You think dogs will not be in heaven? I tell you, they will be there long before any of us. ~Robert Louis Stevenson
You're so funny, bridge! ;)
The ref was blind. The kids were robbed. You were defending all that is just and pure. Case closed. ;)
you aren't going to Vegas
Severely underestimated the great vibes of listening to Aer in the car during the summer.
I know where im gonna be this summer lol. Hmu when u move so I can help with the move
any good music happening tonight?
RT : Happy Birthday God bless and enjoy the day!!~Thanks
Hey thanks! Why not be clever? Makes twitter more fun, I think!
JAY-Z - IM NOT A BITER IM A WRITER IM A BITER.....
Road trippin' to Jax with and #WhatACrew Hope one of us ships this thing, esp me!
Bad night indeed. We're just sitting here waiting now. Supposedly be here within another hour.
conceptually the case for them is really strong IMO but practically it may not work best w every client dep. on their engagement
Who was the homestead memes?
follow me!!
- Thanks for the RT!
hi I miss tweeting you !:)
headed to NYC for the armory show. you know how to find me.
Movies and chocolate tonight with the girls.... Have to study first though
Well it was made by John Hammond, so the answer is obvious. No.
Imperfection is simply not a good enough excuse to have someone keep hurtinq you just because they feel like it.
tell your producer that the story on China that is playing now their microphone has been left ON as it plays. Can hear convo!!!
I really wish there was a in south Austin.
this is gone be a year like non other
Best way to learn ;)
Bento's a moron, plain and simple for me. Bringing Martins over Viana is ridiculous. Quaresma is plain old.
Double Door tomorrow night! 8pm doors 8:30 show, get there early, great bands. We go on at 10:45. 5 bands $7 so come on out!
Scary thunder & rain in SF!
Just four days ago I was rooting for Mike Rupp in the Winter Classic. Now he sucks!! HE SUCKS.
haha you should be! you are going to prom with an awesome guy!!
damn u cute wanna be in a music video!
LUCKeSHOPPER, Nice way to shop! Get rewarded for your purchases!!!
Maybe you should delete this too if that's what you think. It's not drama, just being straight up Bro.
RT : Happy birthday shoutout to» !!!!! happy birthday !!!!!
Brilliant. : "The smartest person in the room is no longer a person but the room itself"
Going to Maine :3
SPRING BREAK SPIRAL JETTY 2012
#KHHS #2013 Good luck on your midyear exams! Don't forget to study, study study!
At this point, the only way that characters in The Walking Dead could act any dumber is if they continued to watch The Walking Dead.
Our Executive Director, Dr Douglas Thaman, now testifying in support of SB 576.
anyone have videos from the show on Tuesday ?
Great stuff!
Thank you for the RT and Happy Birthday!
I suggest bringing a magazine or two. I bought Justins US magazine issue, so I was happy :D
I miss Webb's too! But they still have some restaurants, right???
I love Wish she was on all the time!
RT~Happy Birthday, enjoy!!! It's my birthday, it's my birthday, happy birthday to me!
May you enjoy the ‘spirit’ of this ‘sweet’ day! Happy Halloween!
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx .l.<-- THIS!!
Bad Bitch!!!!RT : Bad Boy ;) hahahahahahahah
hey! :) well been pretty busy! Mainly just school finals & such! hbu??
Sophie and Annabelle rule.
yea you might be a bad bitch but no female should put that label of being a bitch on theirselves
I swear drama seem to follow me
Weaving together footage of Gimbutas, as well as interviews with her supporters and critics, the video reveals a visionary scholar whose...
yes my pr person uploaded it for me..i want to add my signature to ur campaign and maybe we can meet up thursday or friday
Happy hump day lovelies and thanks new followers
that's is a strange but VERY funny tweet
Lubbock, Texas be ready! On January 21st we will have an awesome action packed card!
would be glad to look guide. Would need more info to answer 'linked' question. Perhaps can you send me an email?
where can I get an outlaw bandanna
back home from #boston. goodtimes but my feet stink like clam chowder.
May is asian pacific american heritage month.
RT : Royal Northern College of Music buying bass clarinet solo and bass cl + piano music from me for their library. That's nice!
"The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it." – Henry David Thoreau.
Men win WARS, not MAGIC tricks!
I have been stuck in traffic so long, the news cycle has repeated
: You look to be doing great things.
lol I know! I will never forget that day, it was too funny.<U+E105><U+E429>
wrapping up sound check. Tonight is going to get pretty heady Doors in an hour and 12
Freaky how an insurance agent from one company accessed my auto coverage details from another company while she quotes.
P. Dan Wiwchar~ Your brain can only absorb what your ass can endure.
Tracking on record is officially done, mixing next... We need to play a SHOW so bad, who can help us book shows? We are challenged.
I am very proud to be a founding member of EarDish, the entity that will change the music world as we know it !!
I got em creating healthy meals for me on the grill at work. Everyone is in line looking at me crazy. I don't care tho. Lol!
So I found out who reported us! She put up an angry rant on facebook! lmao
that's bad
Let's go !
Bruno is so SHORT !!
NYC based actor SAG/AEA/AFTRA new to twitter
I have multiple needs for Microsoft BIDS experience - ETL w SSIS and SSAS contractors in the Los Angeles area!
serious...text me
I am home now sitting on twitter, RELAXED.
If I aint got nobody I got ha !!!!
Windy day in ABQ. Felt like someone was throwing handfuls of sand at my face.
nobody of importance... A really bad opera singer from New Orleans... It was
I play Thriller for the first time in a while, MJ dies that day. I watch Pitchmen for first time on Discovery, Billy dies too. What's up?
#ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Danica Patrick's NASCAR career.
Thought for today: "Be light about it", what does this mean for you? If you're willing to take this on, how might that affect your TODAY?
#OccupyNashville it seems the THP is backing down.
is so amazing! She is the best aunt,role model, and the best mentor i could ever ask for! <3 yah Aunt Kim
Okay - You're awesome.
Croque Madame- Open-faced ham & cheese with mornay topped with an over-easy egg. $9.00
Have a great day!
S/o to thanks for the follow ;-)
I wish I was one of those people who could repeat song lyrics better so that I didn't have to look like a dork trying to sing/mumble along
Phone be fuckin up an shiiiet.
Thanks Shane
#RiseUp here we go #clippers!
Philly trip with
get it, tiger!
Would love to see the math behind pricing that call option model...
I don't quite understand what getting thousands of likes on a fb post of an irrelevant picture is so important. Chill out, bro.
yeah it was horrible. But lebron and dwade are stars and they know how to bounce back
you don't know nothing about that. Lol. SWV-weak.
And where are we stopping ourselves from achieving our own goals? (love questions like this!)
Aggressively unfollowing annoying Twitter people today. Why do so many twitter accounts prominently feature the N-word latley?
I Have No Circle I Hold My Own Don't Need No Backup
Seems like a while but on the road again. Dallas tonight, AC tomorrow, vegas next week!
Wish I was home watchin bball like every1 else on my TL
i work next door to you
Barca: Leg Council lawyers and LRB director say Act 10 can't take effect due to LRB action today; only Sec. of State can order pub
100% Rest day ~ First one in weeks...and by rest day I mean working a 12 hour track meet
is it me or is the media not really seeing the bigger issue here? Also, only focusing on what they want to in Bo's interview..
Let's do it! #Starving ": let's go get some #biscuitngravy"
Congrats to on her 10th anniversary at ! Great role model for young people like myself working in the biz :)
He spoke your name.
Thanks for the follow! :)
Love what I do most of all I'm enjoying it! !!!
Hushpuppies accompany seafood,what did they ever do to deserve that??
Tell suitors u don't date. Go out with them as friends with other ppl a few X's. U will learn more truths about them w/o dating. I Promise.
Requesting additional funds to attend an electronic records conference.
Kiss me like you mean it.
We're going to ride the Expo line today! Anybody tried it yet? How was your experience?
Happy Hour till 6pm ~ 1/2 price sushi, beer and wine!
wahhhhhhhhh i won't be home by then.
Princeton, WV area....Sanctus Real or Tenth Avenue North?
You love simply because you cannot help it. by Kim Anderson
i just was just in this awkward fake super happy mood...
Daniel Lamarre: "If you haven't seen a permanent show, you don't know us." OK! Who wants to go to Vegas!?
me too man, howd your thing go?
Note: when testing pagination on a dev site, make sure you have more items than the max amount per page... or you might go crazy
Hmm... hey Katelynne Margross... you gave me, the fabulous Katelyn DeLuzzia a great idea... HOOTZIGREUTER *hoot goot* im an owl ftw
wise move my friend.
I painfully agree. I just think it's alot. it was a little different for the Falcons. they had to move up like 16 spots.
Absolutely, we are always happy to help with breastfeeding questions!
I hate you, but I miss you...
I thought only assholes only used the word FAG
Still need my #DesperateHoueswives #GossipGirl and #GreysAnatomy finales ..... And start... Now
I just got back last night! Let's hang ASAP, I miss you's :)
Why do teachers assign homework during #midterms. I understand your midterm was on Monday, but it's not the only class I have to study for.
Good morning! I hope everyone is having a great Monday.
Hope New Orleans has plenty of bourbon in stock because the entire state of Kentucky is on it's way
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough
why do you keep doing the winky faces??? Lol. Are you horny?
Morning Wisdom: Condoms prevent Minivans #FoodforThought Goodmorning y'all
RT : I love girls that play softball.
haha, seems right somehow.. seems right
Just thought I would spread the word to a fellow metal head.
Maintaining a complicated life is a great way to avoid changing it. ~ Elaine St. James
I don't even think I loved him like I thought I did.
we are standing upfront.
#IBetUwon't CHANGE YO T.V. STATION OFF 106&PARK .!
I do not regret buying this grocery bag full of Victoria magazines. This is like Tumblr from the 90s.
the dusky light is stippled with a million black spots when he removes his eye wear.
Morning game of pool with David Mehrle? Could be weird without the triangle thing.
Rain finally coming down!!
TUNE INTO THE PULSE TONIGHT! ON POWER98.3 Where HIP-HOP LIVES!!!!
that is awesome, thank you for breakfast beers and wings!
Was giving my cousin some fair relationship advice. How he goes about it is his choice. He is a young adult now.
my membership'll be short-lived. :)
It is great! And, we're very grateful. Thank you PNM Fund!
ResearchMoz: Services Oriented Architecture (SOA) Middleware Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 ...
Thanks for sharing a follow, Sara. And I must admit that your Naughty Librarian glasses are hot!
Eek, really? I'm not sure there's any subliminalinception hoodoo that could make *want* to listen to him...
Happy Birthday Martha Quinn!!!
you are the bitch!:P
For those who forget, when Mitch Daniels was head of the OMB he estimated that the Iraq War would cost $60b max. $800b+ and counting.
You're quiply keeping me on my toeslies.
LOVED new movie! SEE IT. Just got me some Mane n' Tail ( )!!! Thanks Morgan - keep up the good work! :)
If you see Sylvester Stallone running between the cars...get out..!!!
My puppy is 5yrs old today!!!! Happy birthday Zoe!!
another day offshore, another kind of weather no 2 days are alike out here. Sunny, calm but still a little chilly today.
U didn't tell me u were going to #HEAT game! I coulda hooked u up there big time! SMH
crossing off my to-do list feels awesome!
Just saw on State Street! You guys think he should come to Bombers after his speech for the Galaxies best burgers?
I will continue ABRA Budget Oversight hearing April 17 @ 5PM at the Wilson Bldg to discuss Mayor's proposed extension of bar hours.
Jealous.... That's like a classic shot!
m... sounds yummy!
Hey Colleen! If you're looking for a personal trainer in Hollywood, I'm your man! I train Playboy models.
Exaclty! It's like a sign of glory! LOL
that was an awesome game, especially the post game hand slap! are the niners your team?
Mary Doria Russell's A Thread of Grace - had to check out her others since Doc was so good.
Why doesn't anyone say spectacles anymore?
Lifes coming attraction gets me overexcited if I dont cut down on my imagination n shoemaking
< "SUPPOSE" to be making WENDY'S Chicken sandwiches...... HM let's SEE this.
what you shopping for? Clothes? lol
I've been there; so awkward! After ten minutes, I just started walking around saying the person's name. "Anna?" "Anna!?"
oh my god it's amazing, i love it hahah!
Yo you get those tracks.
lol you crack me up CONSTANTLY
Its Dylan's first time going to Disney. So I've planned everything out perfectly. :) <3
follow simply because 94000+ twitter addicts cant be wrong
That is cool, now we need an artificial general intelligence system that can produce intellectual products for the system owners
Every time I'm in NYC I secretly hope to catch the #cashcab. I'd probably be kicked out in a matter of minutes, but it would be worth it
Check out the newest edition to OKC Party Bus @ okcpartybus.com
Good stuff. Wish I could have made it.
that picture is so sick. it almost looks like a ufo over a forrest, with a nemo-fish swimming past it haha. very nice!
"Pursue your Gift & Not your Passion" (I don't expect many to catch on to that)
Spinach mushroom garlic tomato cheese omelette scramble, with strong, dark coffee. Nom.
chink is havin a
Nothing controversial. Just trying to make sure all children have the same access to tutorial services!
Im gonna try my best to start buying products made in America
Lunch after a long day at the beach!
ok, CALL ME
I'm going to be an emotional mess on Tuesday.
yall are so gay. Love it.
Good morning!
I would love to cook scrambled eggs in a cast iron pan coated w/ Teflon® nonstick!
Mine too! ": The fact that Hillary Clinton used 'LOLZ' just makes my day"
I'm listening to rise against and they're pretty good.
Partying All Night... Yeah Buddy(:
whole thing just really pisses me off...speeding recovery my friend
My head is absolutely throbbing.
“: Already went to Church this morning. Now on to Pete Miller's brunch for Mothers Day. #HappyMothersDay”
Did anyone participate in the "Join us on the Bridge" International Women's Day 100th Year celebration on Tuesday, March 8?
LOL RT I don't think wants to support the drift the #Celtics are doing in ATL.
Feeling SO blessed today! Let's all try and do something for someone today....be it friend, family, or total stranger, you might be...
Is anyone else seeing "unsyncable" files when trying to sync through #googledrive ? I'm on OS X 10.6
Wuz up twitter world? Make sho y'all stay tuned & follow for new music, video, concert dates, parties & everything else...
Someone just asked me what "DIY" means! Time to get out of the city for a while.
burning the living fuck out of your whole mouth <
Oh don't think I won't be keeping up with the 18 crew lol
The towel boy is outplaying Chris Bosh tonight.
Dan Marino was actually the best when he played and owns most of the NFL record book. Bron owns nothing.
Heaven help the fool who did her wrongg <U+2665>
Today I wrote 3 interview TY notes, sent in 6 resumes, went 2 the gym, picked up house & watch my 2 yr old nephw. I call this day a success.
RED TAG SALE ENDS SUNDAY GET HERE ASAP... YOU DON'T TO MISS OUT!!!!
I feel like all the new shows and movies the little girl's name is Charlie..awkward moment when they still spell it like a boy -Charlee
do you work in the west coast?
was trying to persuade Mike P to follow me to take me to 100 followers, but you beat him to it :-)
Would love to chat. DM me?
im proud to be part of the #MahomieFamilyForever and everr <U+2665>
"THIS is what I do!"
lmao nope I'm ready this time buddy! No suitcase just a backpack my good sir.
WAY TO GO! RT Great win by the Lady Pumas last night! Woot woot!!!
I bought some bacon from the Dupont market recently, and it was the BEST bacon ever.
Not one but both of us
wow! Gas is $4.49 a gallon! Is it possible to manage a sales route on a bicycle?
Got ticket to 2012 Black & White Diamond & Jeans party with the #TXMPA in Dallas. Come meet cast & crew and other celebrities.
Good morning, #SPARC2012!
Just crossed into Georgia and back into Eastern Standard Time. My watch is no longer fast and I no longer have to do the math. Yay!
yes! here's hoping :)
I need to hurry up and put it out there though before one of them steal it.
game was awesome yesterday
no problem :)
Great #emailmarketing and #socbiz #crosschannel segmentation starts with clearly defined data requirements and respecting your IT team.
Listening to next to you lovin it
Here's hoping you avoid the hypnotic orange glow of Jersey Shore wannabes and kiss someone with substance or that special someone tonight!
Mine. Mine mine.
God speed, Steve Jobs. You changed the world. What a ripoff to lose you so soon.
Sports Illustrated did a longitudinal study. 85% of football players are divorced or bankrupt within 5 years of leaving their Sport.
#follow the realist niggas in yo city.
USB vs. analog Turntable controversy? None for me. I use 'em both. I like to DJ w/rare sounds, but don't like my records getting stolen.
S/O to #supportindie!
Yes, definitely! Perhaps that's one reason why some (tchrs and sts) resist - fearful of that
But its a nice ass day in a NYC so I can't complain.
I don't use this twitter any more, but if you actually want to know what i'm doing, follow me thanks y'all
ill be there
"Quite Naturally You Belong To Me, Don't You Agree." Cee Lo Green, The Voice
dunno? Doggie biscuits i guess...
Polyphony is..an eclectic collection of prose and poetry. It's a Paris Review for the young. Daring. Provocative. Exhilarating. A.Kotlowitz
This cereal is hurting my jaw...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I MISS MY BOYFRIEND. even though ima see him after this class. I MISS HIM. (11/1/11.<3)
We would love to! Just sent you an email with details xo
How can you be insightful when you don't use your mind?
Exclusions to daytime #curfews do not prevent #CVPD from detaining and questioning innocent juveniles.
Indians up 4-1 after two!
havin a great day with my kid at d happiest place on earth! Disney world!!!
Thanks for the jazzy RT! How's your week goin'?
I know me too and if he asks what were doing we can be like "you know, vacation...in your room...with you.." casual vacay!
You can incorporate GeoRSS data into both WordPress and Drupal using plugins.
Come on, come on, don't leave me like this. I thought I had you figured out.
Keep the smile, leave the tear, think of joy, forget the fear… hold the laugh, leave the pain, be joyous, coz it’s New Years! HAPPY NEW YEAR
I know it was an exclusive pic:)
when is the next nuggets game foreal.???? i been out of the loop with work and all
I don't like to talk ish...but where the bummaclot they get these line-readers?
You Rock!! GIRLSTIMEOUTBLOG LOVES YOU!!! Awesome Interview on BET..
come down real quick
Mini me, you complete me.
just never forget me *hugs*
"Artisan" has lost its meaning now that it has been used by a national chain to describe pizza.
brb. fangirling hardcore. messaged me back and followed me on tumblr..
For some reason when im driving and i see someone walking i feel the need to rub it in their faces that they dont have a car
Do I have any fans of college basketball following me? Who is your favorite team?
Loving my Metropolitans for beating Yanks, Rutgers Football coming soon. Lets win the Big East before this Big 10 nonsense talk.
Only if we do Doris and Midge.
go on skype please
Had some aweosme #SmokeyBBQ and fun with friends!!
Love it when people come to the desk and they were already using MeSH, and I can tell them something to help them use MeSH even better!
yeah but I come with more barz check out our page on youtube DOEentTV
i wish i had my old life back . 11.11.11 </3
Would like to welcome Art Attacks' own to Twitter.
Can't wait to see #BlueLikeJazz this weekend! Who else is seeing it/has already seen it?
we called and it was no wait. We got here and it was 45. Put our names in and it's been 90. What gives?
Tonight will be a fitful, nightmarish sleep filled with visions of a torrent of three-pointers raining from the hand of
Strange, I just had a dream inside another dream
u better hurry up and get in the pool it's almost speedo season
Back in my college days we humanity majors would get together at the College Inn to discuss The Big Issues.
No space limits for your business - Google Places gives you exactly what you need.
I have stand alone Phillips that I "unlocked." On my computer, I either copy in DVDFab or Handbrake to play in VLC.
thanks man that means alot!
Someone from my office came to my gym this morning and he puked only 15 minutes in. And I thought I was taking easy on him!
<3 the Twittersphere! Awesome worlds. Multiple ways to connect. Art for all!
w00t, of course as soon as you update your profile, the spammers are gonna attack!! Hey, pdx barcamp, talk soon?
thanks again for helping to make the #BartDavenport episode of Parlour to Parlour happen!
It seriously kills me inside to know that will never notice me. I'll always just be another fan to him.
thanks bro I really appreciate that!
Following the Badger press corps, sounds like the WRs are killing Stave w/drops, like one every series.
yeah it prob is! I would've felt awkward, like the guy doing the piercing would be staring & everything haha.
Sip our special, the Luchador and enjoy our food specials!! Come on down! We're celebrating reality and fun!
To the test day from hell consisting of micro bio and physics finals, #cheers so long junior year
you've got my vote
Just thinking about how I'm terrified about turning into George Costanza. RT I relate so many moments in my day to Seinfeld.
RT Don't get it twisted a #Sagittarius woman is independent,but she still needs a strong man to anchor onto.
We have message boards? No wonder I don't know what's going on with TA most of the time, should do something about it.
haha! yeah, can't see a face behind that camera in avatar. but now, it's like duh?!
Wish I could, but I am to old to move to Mexico or Canada (unless you are talking about Play Money!) Your club page is ready.
Indeed. However, since i'd like to reproduce in the next 10 years, i think my window for that procedure has passed!
still waiting over here, Reggie "breakin" Wegs.
I no you wont see this! But me and my friend have been up all night its 00.30am waiting for u!Follow me and 5
Send us your wind & final day of classes alerts!
Not everybody looks good with long hair, Get over that craze.
#caps will have to dig deeper now than franchise history indicates they can
Visit WAMO100 site beginning Thursday for Drake "Club Paradise Tour" Pre-Sale Tickets! Get 'em before tixs go on sale to the public on Fri!
Seriously . Makes me wanna knock that nigga out .
... Lol!!! His trophy is prolly as big as his head :)
ESPN FRIDAY NIGHT FIGHTS BETTING ODDS with preview! www.boxingbettingnews.com
I can't wait!!!
give me $150 then yeah ill ask for the other. but i think its too late now but he will be mine or shit will go down
Im about to do it ;)
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much."--Helen Keller (FBK, Radcliffe College, 1904)
Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting. -Napoleon Hill
Bored #AF in this class...
Wow, lots of anger at RI for not sending out tax forms. I've heard several anti-government diatribes today & I'm only halfway into my shift.
Glenn Beck Sucks!
Ooohhhhhhhhhh. I thought you just *really* didn't want tires for some reason. I have a convertible. Roof's busted. $1000 to fix.
jan Im going to miss you SO much..
Still aint came up with a baby name
I'm in DC about once a year. Will look you up when I'm out your way. Hope all is well!
Wish me luck, twitterverse. I'm off to teach poetry at a senior center, a cadre of frail elderly (official term). I usually work w/ kids!
No, I haven't heard anything. Sounds interesting, though...
iight. good look. I think he gon be up there coaching the 14s tomorrow tho
Always feels like a punch in the gut. God Bless them all!
How was your day?? :) Follow me! :)
Teaching to learn. What social media looks like in the classroom.Your thoughts in a direct message, please?
the new music sounds good my dude. We might have too do that collab in the near future. Get at me!! 100!!
I have now eaten Fiddleheads thanks to They were quite tasty!!
That's what Gomez Addams is, right?
Tune in to #Spin with Cyn tomorrow 10- noon, #Kfai! New Jack White and Diamond Rugs, Snow Patrol, , the Goondas, much more!
its better you keep your mouth closed && let ppl think your a fool instead of opening you mouth && proving them right
Wow, the Colorado Real Estate Journal www.crej.com has been hacked twice in two days. Time to change your passwords guys.
*points at you*
#ICantStandPeople who lie.
My dad just pissed me off.. he just made the craziest offer ever
wish i was off tomorrow too, i'd have an eight day vacation....but ill take today and then five straight off
Wait wait wait. People are roasting LeBron for setting up Wade for a LAYUP instead of shooting? Get the fuck out of here.
3 hours late but I would have been a winner
It's every day for us! RT : #expchat I'm still awestruck by the beaches I saw in Maui- black sand beach in Hana!
Okay #OneDirection I just heard you on the radio for the first time .. im feelin you. Next #NSync & #Backstreetboys craze?
Can't wait!
"When I go to a bar, I don't go looking for a girl who knows the capital of Maine."
Great news, Misty!
Nothing annoys me more than when I'm talking to someone about music and for some reason they think their opinion is as valid as mine
No sane person would disagree. RT politics as a whole just suck. Its time for something new...this way isn't working.
The was our 750th follower! Thank you!
FREE Friday Night Salsa at The Marquee Lounge inside AMC Main Street-1400 Main Beautiful Venue, Great Food and Drinks FREE, FREE, FREE, FREE
Baby monkey! Baby monkey! Ridin on a pig baby monkey!
I know...I just like to fuck with u when Ur goin off on bitch asses .. I wish I would have seen the you a bitch tweet first
Aw, man, you'll be further along than I am soon. Audiobook keeps me at a slow, steady pace.
Your connection is wonky
what's good, fam!
Not to impressed with first show hosts but it might get better
Celebrate what you want to see more of. - Thomas J. Peters
Thank you for the opportunity! It was a pleasure!
I think I turned her lesbo. #Winning. Lmaoo.
Cutting edge...web 2.0...mobile web...all myths and hype. Show me something that really matters to the brain
my body needs a massage. now.
That would be awesome!
What is the last time you received an ? How are they still around? What do they do that keeps them truckin' along?
I know man!! Got tied up with work, and I was outta the city!
More like Land O'Lakes! RT: : It amazing how inexpensive it is to eat yourself to death in America.
me too! Least there's someone else out there
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
My vehicle registration expired yesterday. I paid the fee, but no sticker without a smog check. Uh, I'm not in CA. Hope I don't get stopped.
Whats up new followers! go listen to our demos! We are taking pre-orders for our EP Now!!! :D.
i miss you cheeky face.
absolutely. Not sure how I could function without Dropbox. Please share a folder and then we can place assets there for you.
RULES! Thanks Chris & everyone at for the chance to win cool stuff
I understand the beauty of how ended The Magician King, but I want more for the hero's ending. Looking forward to book 3.
Did I really just get called an "angsty punk rock girl"
Barcelona got the best of me #takemebackplease best time in Europe so far!
Earphones in... volume up - world out.
I think escalade trucks are soo Damn ugly and tacky
i'm with you on LSU, but i don't have any compelling reason just a gut feeling.
Money may looking comfortable and scoring pts at will,,
i had no clue born this way was a year old, it honestly felt like 4-6 months
and yeah I had the og's. Love that kick.
Holler at from the #minneapolis & #midwest #edm #dance music scene!
I can't stand to watch those ASPCA commercials on tv. I start to cry and change the channel.
We got The Gold Trigon. We are so awesome.
RT : All gonzo fans: get your limited free Gonzo tee by adidas. Go to tennis plaza, 6112 south dixie highway
I live for
even better: they're in suits.
just read blog post, loving this!
Watching Dexter my favorite show of all time
Half of the world is compose of people who have something to say & can't, & the other half have nothing to say,but keep on talking.
Do you know how to get more clients for your business?
Meeting tonight...join us for the Blu Friend-Raiser @ 6pm then meeting at Pfister Hotel @ 7pm.
The Next Song Is As Hot As The Last!!
dude are you blogging tel aviv or taking pics for your site?
He'd prob get laid more if he was a secret service agent.
How long will Kemba Walker be able to carry his team?
I will definitely have to look into the usage rights to that image. I would love to have some to use as well.
me! It was awesome!
Passion trigger – You attract through emotion.
double down
Seester: "I have a confession, I'm addicted to tacos de carne asada."
have fun, alex!
Big congrats to for a stellar debut #F1 broadcast in Melbourne today. The 2011 Year in Review was outstanding as well.
good luck to you and Annie at the ping pong tournament tonight! Embrace your inner Limey.
I like to listen to Bob Marley when that happens.
I'm totally hitting an Meagan cause I'm a sex addict.... kyle hugan
you're welcome, yes that's me.haven't seen you since the last time at 106
when is your episode of punk'd going to be on t.v.?
I know but I live 3rd story apt and I'm by myself
#supertuesday this is cracking me up! I love election day!!
Thanks David!!!
Oh no! Just got out of the doctors office...dont think I can beat the traffic in time :( such a good idea too.
Following on twitter for 24 hours but it's like being polluted by the most irritating sponsored tweet. Ever. Unfollowed.
Whats up??” not much horny and u??
Its a pisces party. This friday at 8pm at The Proud One!!!!! Live entertainment!!
Thank you! It was app I mistakenly approved. I am now free of the X people have looked at your profile crap.
In case you were wondering where the 2011 Orioles were, I found them.
OMG I've just seen my first live three-nippled person! wow...
Orphan Elephants - Photo Gallery - Pictures, More From National Geographic Magazine: via
I must smoke to much, I thought it was still 420 !!! Oh shit wait a minute ,, That's everyday for me!! lmao
Rock on, you guys. You got any launches or events in the near future? Hope the site is coming along well. Top w/end to you!
The beeby bobby bird won't stop singing outside. He began at 4 am. It's now 5 am. He needs to know the time. Can't sleep. Oy.
Hey Drones: Sorry about all that spam if you got any from us, I hate that shit - Anyway password changed again and ready to rock AGAIN!
I'll make the money... you spend it, deal?
Nice tits! Did you buy them or did you're mama give em to ya?
No school, instead ill be in bed with a raging headache.
Grout should be cleaned regularly with warm, soapy water. Proper sealing is important, too, especially in high usage areas.
There is is not one place I go near Portland with out some one mentioning the #seadogs to me. I dig it.
I need a roommate for RIC
oh man I miss yous guys too. Unemployment is terrifyingly fun. Anything new at the Mudd?
Will not stand for "I told you so's" after a win tonight. Blazers are a wreck & in a much worse spot than the Knicks.
i have no regrets about decisions i made through high school,.all of them made m em better.
We need another TweetUp to come see that!
gonna be the best party EVER
Will you let me know if there's a way me and my cousin can score seats during previews? Break a leg tomorrow!
wanted you to be here for #MAY27th #PARTY BUT D TOLD ME Y'ALL FIXIN BE IN MIAMI
I've played over 100 hours in Skyrim so far, no sign of slowing down. Not so good? MW3 is what 8 hours max? Puuuuleeze! :)
Busted by the ranger for walking in the creek! Our tax dollars at work.
Working on guest lineup for my first show! More info to come!!
Congrats to Yuri and Toni!!!
Daily love advice*The toughest thing about being in a relationship is being in a relationship*
well, so much for that...maybe the second time around they'll crack him lol
Oh I guess when I see "vs." i think of an actual competition. They do delcare a winner, which I don't think is fair.
Currently following 555 Twitter accounts. Tempted to never follow anyone else ever to keep it that way.
McNeil: states waiver applications were very weak in how to increase rigor for ELL and SPED students
If the ship is rocking... RT : RT : 15% of newly married couples chose a #cruise as their primary honeymoon.
I love her!
todays tweets without verbs
no cleavage (although god knows there's plenty of that), just yellows, greys, whites.
Keeping it Reckless!
Kevin Gregg just said "even I couldn't do that"
what are you looking forward to as the weather gets warmer in #Texas?
Rebecca Black has been trending for like, 2 weeks. This has to be a Twitter world record or something...
Enjoying a day down in Chicago at #KBIS show getting inspired with new products for our projects
Let's keep the movement going for #trayvonmartin and everyone like him, love is greater than hate
I do! But I won't be upset if we lose
15 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
Let alone who was the Heat legends of the '90's when the Heat were 1 of the new expansion teams up & coming but not contenders.
I can't believe Ryan Hollins is playing right now
It bears explanation, too. RT : It bears repeating: social media is more tactical while social business is strategic
Everyone have a wonderful Labor Day weekend!
how bout those #Sixers?
Freddie Mac purchased $39.6 billion of mortgages from its seller/servicers in October
Effective Sunday evening: The Triskelion Society will be shut down.
Do ride out side only or do ya train in doors
Pre-Production Tracks with They sound fucking awesome. Look online tomorrow myspace.com/lightsofaberdeen
already gone. Sorry, you missed out by about two minutes.
Mcdonalds with my sister :D shesss buying.
On my way to Bible study!
Oh I'm so mad figured out my ex Cole was cheating on me wit a girl wit tha same first name
like forreal, betta get off my status for i go crazed
New membership program at Diversity and DT2 - $35 for 1 year membership - 10% off every visit to both stores!! Proceeds go to our programs!
"Never have more children than you have car windows"
Need a new case for my phone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
: its stopping
Sounds like you guys are really enjoying living in Vegas... Going to be visiting FL anytime soon?
Haven't pulled his full record yet.
Finding songs that show death is a positive thing and then relating them to a book sure is a hard thing!
Congrats Alex!
Oh, I know - I just figure w/all the injuries, you never know who is next. I'd be wary of the on-field instructionals.
CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 73
THUNDER UP!
why is a complete viewing required to report a watch instant problem? seems this deters people from reporting problems.
as opposed to saving your best arm to face 6-7-8, or, worse, never get in because your not best arm blew it against 345 in 8th?
did they not inform you that sitting on the tar mat for an hour (+) is part of the new security procedures?
We're at the mid week checkpoint, how's your week going so far?
Trust me, love, the world can only handle one of you, even if you do need 12 more hours in the day and an extra set of eyes
White people call us Hispanics, we r not from Spain (Hispania), most of us are Native & African descendants. RT We?
Sister back in town, up to Jersey, drive home 2am, coffee, Tomahawk, Peeping Tom, FTM, thanks Mike Patton for keeping me up!
Thank you for following us! We are following you back so it is not blocked now. Thanks for making us an exception :)
I can't believe you went to dabs and didn't visit me
Fuck Kenny G.
Thx for the RT! Hope to see you at the event :)
with the all caps subject line to their release email this morning
Are you tired yet? We're kicking off our second week here at Drupa! Stop by Hall 15 Booth A03-5.
Sitting at West Baden Springs about to start the 2012 Sales Retreat!
I went my workout today.... it felt great - making a difference
Iced green tea with coconut is just the best thing ever! Why is no one tweeting about this?!?
His plan is almost irrelevant. Q is, how'd he enact Prop B if (when) it passes? That's the plan he'd be overseeing
is gonna get so famous like BAM!! All those haters can just sit back and cry(;
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your YouTube videos just commercials for your services, or do they really help people?
RPC ain't my first choice, but for cross-service chatter there's something to be said for the efficiencies.
You don't even understand how I feel!!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Don't Be A Tittie!!!
go big, gl today!
Lot of unusual holidays for the 20th: National Nap Day, National Chess Day, Ice Cream Soda Day and Moon day (Lunar landing July 20, 1069).
Someone called 1 Direction pipped Someone Like You for single of the year Never heard tune but it MUST be f@#*in' AWESOME!
.. let me know if you have anymore questions!
Parents not allowing your teen to tan for prom? we want to talk to you.
Just had a long coversation with a friend who does realize 4/20 is Hitle's birthday and national weed day haha
bwahaha to the hip roll song?
What are those wonderful bells tolling in Minneapolis?
Congrats , you've won a copy of "The Quiet Voice of the Outer Banks" by Christaphora Robeers! Email me your address & I'll ship
I can't tell if that's sarcasm or not. I think that many people will have different opinions on that. :P
followed you on x factor. My best friend loves you. Please say hi to her. Her name is Laura
your not all there sometimes (x
Our research indicates that social support networks will play a significant positive role in the outcome of S:S&S EP.
where you traveling from? I'm with TMJ4..looking for unique brewer fan stories :)
Good call. Maybe I should do Rose and save whites for the summer edition. Hm....
coo....any large hotels within walking distance? or are there dorms on campus?
I don't really have many of those. I usually start over each year :l hah. Oh well
": I used to be a part of the NKOTB Fan Club #funfact" LMAO! First punky Brewster than NKONTB.
Good word! Thank you for your wisdom...and AW's :)
Tebowmania lasts for 6 more days. Gotta love
Bus internet sucks.....
I want to start the University of Louisville Big Brother program. Putting together current players w/ mentors!
You as well! #Cheers!
wow I didn't know he WAIS from Belgium !
careful man, she might unfollow you.
Hahaha RT : And then you'll start back at 1? RT : Must. Get. Brian. McKnight. Out of head!
I wanted to complain about stealing 's pic but realized it's the most adorable avi on Twitter so it's a win. Right?
Making love to my music...
Wouldn't that be a Hockey Rhetorical?
#AmericanHorrorStory - Wow! What a mind fuck!
Hey Longhorn Foundation donors! The 2012 priority deadline is TOMORROW! Get your donation in today!
ya and I was right every time lmao.
Crystal Palace's League Cup semifinal at Cardiff is this afternoon. We may still need extra subs if you're a recently retired international.
that sucks...u the cutie of strongisland
Thanks so much, Mike!!!
no problem, hope you enjoy!
"They deem me mad because I will not sell my days for gold; and I deem them mad because they think my days have a price." (c) Kahlil Gibran
what city are you in? low pressure warning could result in a blowout fairly soon
Oh let's see what fireworks go off tonight
You have candidates make issue of salary & benefits for mailers, but never reform it. Lets be serious & reform it now.
Being raised by a 'loving mom'
I can't wait to wake up for 3 straight mornings and head to for all day bluegrass jammin'.
just heard about ITIL from a Library IT guy last week! Haven't looked into it yet
I know its not popular but maybe Ned deserves credit for holding team together after 12 game streak with horrible start pitching
San Diego was awesome! Now spending a day in Laguna beach :)
A sign that summer is nearing its' end: All the business event invites for events starting in Sept. seemed to hit all this week.
arn't u kind to follow us. thx coming, but for now thx for helping us serve 900+. u fed most of them yourself & LIT up the room
UPS me a plate or two full of dirty rice & pasta
Took me 2 minutes in Bkyln 2meet eyes with someone who makes me wanna look up craiglisit's missed connections... Time for a location change?
you think having the 1/10th of 1% sales tax back is better for Milwaukee than having Miller Park and the Brewers?
#ogw City of Portland released iPhone app; had 4k downloads. Suddenly, city received 228 graffiti reports in 2 wks, up from 10. More work..
hmm...different things. methodology of "personal archivist" vs. archivist of ppapers...self-archiving...living archives. Many angles
If you had 3 wishes what would they be? :) #1DTOURUSA July 8, 2013 Section:103 Row: T Seat: 5
Morning ablutions, then breakfast goes in and a few thousand words come out.
I know it would be the only thing I would watch too... Right now I'm on a Misfits kick.
Turnt at level two....
Thank you for the RT...Have a great day! -Kevin
I'm sure someone's autocorrect just changed it to "Santorum Dripping Out Of Race"
I hate it when I can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside I know they probably haven't thought about me once
Great time this weekend! Love VT. We'll be back.
Anyone out there have a paid LinkedIn subscription? What are your thoughts? Worth it?
so whats the deal with that "I need more mentions" video of you going around? Am I playing into your plan by sending this tweet?
Where theres people like u & me wanting to conserve our freedoms from gov intrusion theres a way to do it
Roll em up!!
Landmark Society tells of plans to launch grant, low-interest loan programs to assist w local preservation.
FOLLOW ME? BACK (:/?
anyone using mindomo and google apps integration?
hey i have been great hope u have been too>>>its been ages
Lovely. See you tonight!
Not a Morning Person.
You find the most interesting stuff!
Listening - Duane Tatro- Jazz for Moderns
Can't wait to see it! #wisn12 “: Our quickstep is so cute! You guys are gonna love it ;)) xox”
Hey guys... GUESS WHO? MWHAYAHAHAHAHFHFIWPDNCJDHFEJSIIW.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Jump out of good planes... wtf is wrong with you people?
shit about to head to fox and hound
Wtf, my phone doesn't charge!!!!!!
my dad was the first person i always went to with questions on anything from peanuts to piaget. my empathies go out to ya
Early morning at La Guardia, headed out to #chitown for the first time. Staying downtown, and need pizza recommendations. Suggestions?
I been good just got off work
This tyrannosaurus rex in Jurassic Park is not a happy camper right now!!!
I've been listening to the Black Keys when I'm hitting it. Who do you guys like to listen to when you work out?
Week 4 in the studio and we couldn't be more pleased with the album progress. It's close now...
Hoping everyone has a Fantastic Friday!
sadly yes, it's come down to extreme poverty again. But who will play the part of FDR?
Niggaz got nuthin else to do with their lives if they on twitter arguin with utha niggaz
Just got around to watching your mail vlog! Thanks so much for the distraction during finals week!
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
RT : (1848) In Boston, Massachusetts, the first medical school for women, The Boston Female Medical School, opens.
Loving her performance of Sinkin' Soon at Abbey Road. This is one of my favorites from Norah!
No I think I'm gettin sick! Throat itchy, ear hurts, and body aches! I need Nyquil in my life!
Your welcome! Great article. Enjoy your evening!
Yeah and then Greyson and cody will show up (: <U+2665> And we can buy our cats on ebay and make them chunky
Ah!! So honored!!! “: I'm so in love with this song!! "You Get Me" #NowPlaying”
Remember: If used correctly, the Internet builds deeper, trust-based relationships.
shit. That totally blows! Twitter has problems sometimes too with uploading. How long ya been here?
wow. thanks. i have to put all the other stuff on there. yay.
spacious like whoa!
The bar just exploded.
I Will Jen
Come check out our trash art gallery in booth 36
Man I'm tripping........Well not tripping daydreaming ........
Wow! We're blushing. Thank you! RT : Thank u for all u do , u guy's are so Awesome, u Rock !!!!!!!!!!
Turkey run, Tesselations, Take a nap. Totally.
And just that quickly, we're resolved. Thanks again for everything. Will submit feedback (another one)-so grateful to the techs!
Have you RSVP'd yet? Hosted drinks, food, fashion show, DJ Jalil spinning ..... amazing! www.944.com/azzaria
#iPhone #4S Slowing iPhone Demand Hits Profit at AT T
LOL at the fact that was freaking out at the fact that i call my dad "old man"
In less than 36 hours, we're over 50% registration. You all are incredible.
Good work.
She wants you to just tell her how you feel because the way you act is confusing her.
john rodenburg made it to a couple final fours.. Cept when his team 'Cuse won it with Melo
Very true, yet I had to 'lose' at least the stiff sense of 'I' to know that to be so.
Pulling one of my three credit reports.
my son was very disapproving. But what do kids know?
we did it at OC, very successful and amazing to see how the relationships blossomed between many of the students.
my driver has been drinkin CaboWabo!!! no trips to Chi tonite!!!!
Come see me this Sunday. Let's talk about Internships# Gap Year Fair# Nobles and Greenough# Dedham MA, 1/23, 1-4pm.
Being a Mahomie just doesn't mean you stay with Austin, it means you support him through everything.
Happy Birthday wish you the bestt!
after 2:30 and it's dead quiet in here. i think there must be an ABC After School Special on
Nice! RT We don't know, what we don't know...but others might
There was a militia training camp during the #Warof1812 @ Malvern Hill. Famous before battle there in 1862.
Can't wait for tomorrow, lots of good thing are going to happen money, money, money
there would be a rebellion.
Thinking 2nd infusion is the sweet spot on this tea. Origin character comes along with wonderful honeyed spice notes
more scared of SF. Great defense, lots of pressure with 3man fronts. And an efficient, time managing offense. =Packer nightmare
tennis needs more personality..it is definitely boring to watch guys..and gals, with no emotion.
Glad you enjoyed yourself last night - we enjoyed having you! We'll have to double B&&C with again soon!
I keep catching myself saying, "This time last year..." But in three weeks, I'll be making another dream come true
RT : Ideas and resources are flying. So much energy.
no I'm mad at you
Stat boy lives in my building cc
i do NOT feel good.
Mark your calendars: February 12th, ReEntry Conference ; February 25th, last day for fall semester advising & ICA health forms
Im so fucking heartbroken right now
Maybe I'll do it with u.
"Is it true that cats always land on there feet?" "NO! That's just a rumor spread by dogs!" -puss in boots best movie ever
at least it'll be a good paycheck.
“Israel’s particularly attractive as a center of tech innovation, with world-class universities ...positive climate for econ. growth.’’ EMC
thanks for tweeting!
Its going to be another HOT week in Houston-- stop by our Bumper Boat pond to COOL off :)
Spongebob over everything. Really though.
Just bought wine and chocolate
makes sense...
Happy Friday everyone!
Checking email and messages from poolside cabana. LOVIN' the 21st century!
so. i think im getting another tatt next weekend. stay tuned.
no I didn't.it is.
Well Im off for the night.I'll talk to you later
#NowPlaying Faith by George Michael
every girl loves the sexy bodyguard
My mother decides to jump on me and we rolled off the bed. Nice.
Went straight from the airport to a huge breakfast at the Italian market in Philly then to Delaware for hard liquor. My family = awesome.
"We have a world premiere with " well yeah! I'd like to see it sometime today if you don't mind. Thank you very much(: <3
no, and I just like cake.
You're turning into a completely different person and I don't like it....
r u gonna be back for #SuperbowlSunday or do you need me to take you 40/40 tickets????? Cuz I want them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Dang It! I Just Knew That Was Gonna Get Retweeted... Nope Not Anymore.
Interested in low expense/high results coaching. Starting new coaching groups soon on authentic living. Contact me for info
Seattle City Councilmember Mike O'Brien has announced he's moving his accounts to Wallingford branch today at 10 am.
sat 2 glasses on her ass.....thats some next level shit
Dolphins too easy. Take that bet with Buffalo?? :-)
Imma do JUST what u did RT : i feels, one day last week i almost felt the same way, before i DISMISSED them smh
trying to plan a trip for this summer :) xx
Also hit up my pure volume www.purevolume.com/NickMcCord :)
Oh man Larry. Sitting on pins and needles over here. players going down left n right. Bibby's gotta save us.
LOL. Just giving you a hard time
Led Zeppelin hour on 93.7 ! It's been a long time, been a long time, It's been a long lonely lonely lonely lonely time! (I think) lol. <U+2665>
RT : Hey All, I am headlining the Punchline in Sacramento, CA tonight-Sunday! One show tonight and Sunday and 2 shows on...
With us? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> Because we're pretty damn hilarious!
ALLIANCE TO LEGISLATURE: WAKE UP ! PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION IS ASLEEP AT THE SWITCH & DIVISION OF RATEPAYER ADVOCATES IS NAPPING TOO!
missing Giraffe
i wrote this song today, its about one night stands as zombies and embalmed pharaohs. night of the loving dead type shit.
Happy to be your source for authority.
thanks for providing a great mix for Valentine's dinner tonight in London! xo
No way. that was the best part. Your hand-written message, the non-xmas music and the timing was pristine.
Thanks, Stephanie! Hope you're doing great!
We're recording a new song right now. It's quite groovy.
No Phelps
can you please please please follow me? <3
Will you send over that photo of me too? Or just tag in FB?
Perhaps, but my point was he must be in the lead or no attacks would be needed.
is so lame
stop watching tv. Go to class! We need your skill set.
Funny how Cris Carter just changed what allegedly said and when he allegedly said it.
Look at B52 getting INTENSE in the background photo! How goes it dude?
If that leftover Reese's peanut butter egg was all it took to make me feel better, then ... well, that's awesome, I guess.
apparently likes to ask 7 questions at once...and MJD is nailing each one...
Is it really that cold out? No, I'm just from Florida.
How is this new?? Hahah ;) RT My new management approach, "let's meet halfway and just do it my way."
+1 RT : Has considered queuing posts? That would win over the entire soccer mom audience
I must find a way into this guild.
First real day off in a while. Spent the afternoon with Pedro in sun. Now watching #the bachelor finale & simply relaxing. Feels so nice
On a awesome set today with
where do you play at? how often do you play? RT: Off to play some #racquetball!
Call me. Fuck this "maybe" shit.
'm not weird...I'm quirky.
Aww, Rissy! We'll always have our special time!
...we're so glad you like us. :) The feeling is mutual
'Niall and Demi aren't even dating. Why do people ship it?' Lol Larry isn't dating but it's still a bigger ship than Titanic.
I think you have the wrong link there (sends me to America's Test Kitchen). Are you referring to the DOJ statement?
“a wife's angry words can hurt a man as surely as if she'd struck him with her hands. Verbal abuse is still abuse.”
Killing it tonight! If they don't give him at least a 28 or 29 tonight I'm gonna lose it! You feel me ?!?
Crap! Would you guys play it again?
Hm. Looks like TweetChat is not working for me tonight. May have to attempt to do this manually.
Good news! RT : Folks with outdoor events Saturday: much of day looks dry right now. Chance of showers late PM/evening.
I knew i wouldn be out of here til 12
Happy Birthday! Wishing you the best of luck in making your dreams come true. Rock the World!
you must be younge!
Apparently everyone on Coronado has a corgi. Saw about 10 at the park.
Eddie!! Preciate the follow, what's goin on man? How you doin?
Life isn't fair....thinking of friends at home who lost a brother/son tragically this week. Send love and prayers to the Adirondacks.
"Let GOD be true and every man a lier!" Love that verse,.....1 daddy 1 mama 1 Lord 1 Faith..
. Look at it from the corporate perspective, its all about deregulation and cheap labor. Who he pays the bill gets the agenda
I keep having dream of me either dropping my phone in water or going swimming with it -______- Buying the #lifeproof waterproof case
I guess I'll just get a new car stereo.
WOW! UK is giving Baylor the business. UK up 42-22 at the half.
#LoveIs... What exactly???
Some people would rather be right than happy.
The people of Flat Earth Society obviously know nothing of Geology, Physics and other sciences that plainly rule out the flat earth theory.
The tests administered vary from general computer skills, to competency on Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Woodfish finishes mixing on the album Starlight Remedy! Mastering scheduled for March 17th at Avatar Studio's in NYC!
Please give a warm Twitter welcome to If you’re involved in #highered recruitment & retention, you’ll want to follow.
any recommendations for making 100's of feeds more readable?
lights out after first 3 batters. The NL Central should be concerned if they ever learn to hit.
I really need to start working on my website
#FOLLOW and Congrats on the great extra inning game that lead to a victory over the
Maria Pallente (our relatively newish Registrar of Copyright at LC) gives a keynote
If its lower then 50 fuckin degrees outside, do not turn on the a.c. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
rocking the Hard Rock Stage tonight at 10pm. Bring it on. See you there bitches!
I am glad I am not the only one wondering what this is about.
Awesome pun RT : My dad and I changed a light bulb today. He says: "Many hands make light work."
You trickin' on her, you big sucker!
human beings lack the cognitive resources to maximize. satisficing optimizes all costs, including the cost of the optimization itself
Damn..... Somebody need 2 BBQ 2day
pancakes at Jack's school
Just saw beyonce's baby! He is so gorgeous!!!! Wow!!!
#TwSIG Twitter is about saying something often. Pervasive, portable and viral. Share this! We're at the Twitter SIG
Every visit, like or comment gets to slap our singer in the face at our next show on March 23rd. Open palm and with a wet hand of course.
Not that it had anything to do with the crash but I guess lawyer tabs would've stopped that wheel from bouncing off
let's see it when it comes out in 3D!!
#1 in major leagues
3 DMV employees in Broward County arrested for accepting payoffs to get drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
#WaysToGetOffThePhone straight bang on them . : ))
keep in mind, she has me on the trading block....
“: you just got a big ol' round of applause at the Down n' Over public meeting.” awesome! Something good I hope!
: can you send me an email to tgraham @ land - studio. org (no spaces) or a PM? thanks!
oh yeah. Sorry. It was a joke. Lol
Tune in each Tuesday for the KOKO Dennis Show at 8:00 P.M. Est at www.kokodennistvshow.com and chat live with us.
TORONTO DUSK
#Twitterdunk from the foul line 360 dropping shorts in the air 2 hand slam landing with my dick in mouth!!
Its whatever though I could careless if people judge me.
Music session this afternoon!!! #let'sGetIt
wow. ppl will literally do anything in order to be famous.
Our supper table discussion consisted of this one time on icarly & a lecture on economics & how it applies to star wars this is why i drink
NICE cum shot, wish it were in my ass instead of your hand though.
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the word swag.
Checking out Wolfram Alpha. Pretty cool.
I wonder what happened at school today, did you guys study anything?
wait for me
I think Noel is the key player to get. Muhammad would be icing on the cake.
You're very welcome Milady! I hope you've had a wonderful week & will party like a rockstar this weekend! Xoxo
on tonight? Count me in. In the mood for some eye candy.
definitely a gem, any other recommendations?
I wish I had time to include the SUV part, the girl with the umbrella, and the guy yelling at us from the second-story window
is reading Greg Urban's Metaculture.
laughing so hard i fell off my dinosaur just kidding i dont have a dinosaur but if if did i would name it fred:)
Congrats on a great show! Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!
Great way for the seniors to say good-bye to Folsum Field....totally dominating Arizona
Wow I missed one practice and my dad yells at me and I'm sick so wtf
You just might
First chapter drafted. Second begun... Oh, I'm liking this one! May be my best book yet! :-)
Facelift Patrick Swayze is creepy.
Cannot wait to see on
we can try it
Well my 1996 Fat Shats with my 50/50 balls are the magic combo anyway.
I have gotten a great workout this weekend without even hittin the gym. All this walkin, last night in 5in heels n today just on the beach
why you blowin up my twitter feed all the sudden? get to work.
Thanks QM!! I'll take all the good numbers I can get!!
Cop officially hates May Day.
Thanks! The Schwarzschild proton is an intriguing idea that doesn't add up. Physicists face that disappointment all the time.
Or Elton Brand? RT : The EC semis version of "Tracy McGrady still plays? Really?" will be "Tony Battie still plays? Really?"
oh fun :) and yea sure thing!
Made some paper plate awards today. Now I'm all glitter'ed up...this stuff will NEVER come off!
Ciao ciao! “: Abrigado to for the hospitality you showed & I. Be back soon."
Watching Billboards,Great performance ! ^_^ <3'
I see some little snowflakes falling out there...
I have ribbons. Over at Palmer for 10:30 REGP
#HipHopEd () ...prime/diesel like a truck in the eye of the storm/and when I transform / even Michelle Rhee can't stop my
Dinner was great!
I hate when females call me BABE that mean u fucking other niggas...just call me by my name which is BRYAN
I love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> She's the best, best friend anyone could ever ask for. God truly blessed my life by putting her in it. #loveher <U+2764>
I know who my vote goes to,so no worries for me in that area.Must keep my priorities in sight right now,delicate time w/Son
it's gonna be only 2 days anyway, so it'll be good to get away and be alone I guess. Thank you! :)
maybe i should try that on okcupid?
Lol true. Can't win every week though. :)
Marched w/Occupiers briefly on way2dance class.Maybe U r tolerated'cause da government is setting events4martial law2be enacted date!
RT : Alright, y'all. I've got a free iPad with 's new iPad app on it! RT this 4 a chance to win! ...
I have. I read up on them a while ago but haven't personally used their technology yet
#SouthBeachTow have me rolling...
I love u! You're so sweet <3 love ya! Xoxox:] maybe click my follow button? -> you'll realize my dream
Something I Learned Today, Hüsker Dü kicks off the morning perfectly. Thank you ! Whoa, now Fugazi? Dang, rock this day out the door!
haha too funny
and rocking it #dirty in the Charger
but he's not overly obnoxious. And he's not Telly Hughes.
John Alba, owner of Exhibition Elements, has developed new label holder that u can mount to pedestals, floors, walls, even door jambs!
So Happy V Day and Happy B Day are in order it seems!
It's almost christmas :)
recommend me :)
We are resuming the Region 7 AOS II panel again, starting with app# 120021 Indianapolis Theatre Fringe Festival.
On in 20 min at Chop Suey.
Ahead at Half Time!!!
Q: What does Maid Marian put on her pancakes? A: May Pole Syrup!
Bought me some Fla-Vor-Ice, I love them!
Might go see the Devil inside me later...where's my cuddle buddy when I need him </3 oh yeah in California :(
Hi world. You don't have to be a RESTifarian if you release an API, but please don't call RPC APIs RESTful! Love, developers.
Wow soft goal
What do you think? First time #SOTG2011 was digital - your thoughts?
Just saw orcas on my to work. How's your commute?
Ike you keep your head up baby boy. You are still one of our best players ever wendell fears
Public reading of NEW play by Janine Salinas 11/28 7:30pm. will be playing a punk rock pixie! Where will u be?
Avengers was choice! Get's the Farraday stamp of approval. Loki rag-doll action!
When girls come up to you and say you look like Tyler Posey
plus me hanging out with you and edsta ! ^-^
Just to know you're mine until the end of time makes my heart skip a beat
got 2 packs of Scooby snacks. i am happy
I would walk through fire just to be with you, there's nothing in the world that I wouldn't do.
its a good look!
ESPN and NFL network dropped the ball they're too busy talking about the bounty suspensions
thank you I know I'm glad you do too :) good work ethic.
Squirrelss are so sexxyyyy. I like the fluffy ones and I use them to whip my butt and take showers with:) !
i'm sure it wasn't that bad
free pizza tonight at our short sales seminar always supporting new ways to eat and buy homes
not true. I was in an IPO with only 15k.
no, but in theme park terms in general, I think it's awesome to have similar rides on both coasts. To put in a Disney
omg I miss blingee. I still make them from time to time.
people have misunderstanding concerning what school libraries are about
#TheOffice is a clutch show to watch!
Happy Mothers Day You deserve a great relaxing day! Follow me? (:
Damn, who's the blonde? lol
RT : Are you a zombie yet?
"A person only dies when the memory of them is gone and that's only on Earth.”
I live for the semanaEND!
I'm sorry to hear that... :( She's in Heaven now, I'm sure
happy social media /rick rac week!
c'mon, the presence of House/Wilson love in an episode is not a spoiler
Baby. We're becoming dads.
You got it!
I know I haven't heard anything about it.
Lol #ISayThatALot even when I'm not laughing
When you start discussing customized sprocs and added parameters, you can take me off the email.
Some say the glass is half full, some say the glass is half empty. I say “Are you gonna drink that?
“ ‘...Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit,’ says the LORD Almighty”
As a former West Coast Conference kid, I'm sorry to see that no WCC teams make it past the first round.
do the mybox tshirts ship worldwide?
I wanna thro a house party like on the "Make It Nasty" Video !!(;
But still an AP story. Come on Az Rep send a "beat writer w/ the team.
I just wanna get today over with.
omfg A-Train/Prince Albert is back in !
Wow I lost 600 followers while this account was deactivated
With Santorum gone, it's all Newt Gingrich all the time!
#YouKnowYoureAGymnast when you've got rips so many times it feels normal
“: #NationalCleavageDay happy holidays bitch” lmaoooo i'm dying at the dentist right now
What's going on at #church in #SanDiego this Sunday for #Easter? Where is the place to be & why?
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
You volunteered!!! :) RT : How do I get stuck going to Walgreens and grocery shopping again? Always doing Mom's work. :-)
Wish i had school...got to work for the donuts to send my three children to school! lol Thanks
RT : Earthquake in SF on Earthquake awareness day
seriously has some mad dance skills. If your a dancer you GOTTA watch him on Glee. Uh-MAZING! & Check him on Step up 3d!!!
I'm gonna watch the film "Like Crazy" tonight.
umm the yearbook duh.
you skip the AMA yp happy hour to get luggage from the garbage??? I kid, I kid.
So much talent at the National Prostart Invitational this weekend!
I was on a victorious secret kickball team last summer!!!!
No, lady in Hallmark, these gifts are not for my baby. Liam is turning one, but thanks for telling me I look fat.
It's so nice out today. I actually don't mind going walking in central park again.
HAPPY St. Patricks Day ..but u wont catch me in green im a motherfuckin Lakers fan, we never forget
Thanks for the RT!
25% of US children under the age of 6 in poverty. 1 in 4 infants. Who is talking about it?
Money doesn't buy happiness, but I'd rather cry in my private jet
Happy about and grateful for an evening of talking about designing for good with & So cool and fun.
HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY, CHITOWN!!
RT I wanna sleep al day!
The team are doing some wonderful things at can't wait to be able to share them!
Go insane tonight
This weather is good and all but it's no "amazing chicken"
#toddlers&tiaras that is all.
mothafucka cant you see im talkin on the phone and lookin at the moon;dont be tryina talk to me !
well w her Favre like chip throwing arm didn't make em easy to find!!
It would depend on the librarians. The ones that care about access? Yes. Let me know when, & we'll work it out.
Hello Dylan, thank you for the follow.
Our two favorite Seattle labels:
it's true. really true.
which one did you go to? I heard there's a Mirko in Toco Hills but I saw one on Roswell too. Any good?
#calbaseball - sad days in the pac-10, another #titleIX victim
RT : In addition to our ready to eat empanadas, we will be selling frozen empanadas tomorrow at the Queen Anne Farmers Market!
Yeah…What U Have A Twitter
. is so charitable.
I can see why you would be scared but you can have an intuitive reading to connect with your past & spirit guides.
lol, gets my heart rate up girl! In a good way!
5 minutes into #Moneyball I realized I paid money to watch 2 and a half hours of baseball.
put bike into rack, but the kiosk is down. So now all the kiosks think we have a bike out.
Awe thanks dude you rock!!!
your girlfriend is so lucky!!!!
Freaky! Let's hope this one wouldn't talk :)
love twitter...
u wasn't even following us smh
Canada geese may be a nuisance, but you can't tell me those fluffy goslings I saw on my run this morning were anything but cute.
I hate myself for reading blog.
Book your 5 hour charter and receive the 1st hour FREE...Your Party Bus source for all of your events.
Steve Blake struggling to bring the ball up when mike Conley sticking him.
Ya think?
Get what you can an give the rest to the needy
Update: St. X-Trinity baseball game IS rescheduled for Thursday, but will be played at Slugger Field at 5pm. Monday ticket stubs honored.
Busted Amare's hand too! #RigSoHard RT : tore Derrick's ACL....you're a dick dude
softball game and then and on dancing with the stars...great monday!!!!
LOVE!!! RT : Elephants at the Indy Zoo paint! I wonder if they will be painting at
Wonder who God's rooting for tonight? The Jesus freak or the rapist? Considering the circumstances of Jesus's birth, I say it's the rapist.
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Advisory Extern-Summer 2012 Discover Program & Associate-Federal IT Advisory for KPMG. Deadline to apply: 2/7
No one is original anymore...
Party time with
I can turn on a dime, dear. :-)
why not real checkers not robotic non-human helpers in the F&E RoboStore. Worth a higher bill & F&E 'd provide some jobs?
“ I love my family n i'll do anything for them #FamilyFirst”
#Worldcup Greece B4
. Is this program still going?
Behind almost every woman you ever heard of stands a man who let her down.
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot. - Michael Althsuler
Feeling pretty contented. Lots to do today, but all of it interesting.
came home to surprise mom for mothers day
Taking flight from the baby bird nest to the world of adult Tweeters! It's great to be able to fly! Wonder what else I can do...hum...
oh stop that' was he drunk?' thing.. who actually cares?!
Somebody buy me some cookies and cream ice cream
It's me & you against the world .
Haha not my cat stole some thongs and brought them in the bed!! Nasty Lil thing!!
I like cats.
we need to speak with you about some cool ideas with our local athletes.
you know it
Cue Beastie Boys music...
Question Of The Day: ("Black Men").
Thank you!
"6 months gone and i'm still reaching even though I know you're not here..."
S/o to my next level niggas...
no doubt. I think the punt game may come in to play in the end, which would be nerve racking after being a spectator for 4Q.
Let's all fight online tonight and forget it happened tomorrow.
breaking: Rangers' Josh Hamilton on pace for 85 homers and 209 RBI cc:
Aloha! Great to hear from you. Bring the tiki cup by anytime for a $5 refill. Have a Maui Wowi Day!
you getting the tix? I definitely can't go Thursday
dude my summer is almost over :((
he wrote and directed the new #avengers movie. It was frickin
haha! Great night regardless- I think NS30 guys might still be in the lot...
DEAL!! Under one condition.. Even if I lose I still get at least a piece haha :P
Any suggestions for a document reader to accompany an APUSH textbook? Starting my wishlist for next year
7:30am flight. Pulling an all-nighter if I still have it in me.
If they mass produce Air Jordans and lower the price, would people still want the sneakers? Would Nike still make a profit?
Its been a real Fu*ked up day .....
"Are you looking for something in particular?" "No, just everything in general." I WILL FOLLOW now on #Netflix, written & dir by
And back to you
Best performances all the way around last night.
now thats a number one fan!!!! WHOAHHHH!!!!!
Oh What a Hike! (sing to the tune of Oh What a Night)
sometimes my memories just eat me alive and i fucking hate it. even good ones #fuckyou #goaway. #leavemealone oh wait
still no takers - no answers on my two over exposed film stars - if I never saw again I would be ok? who are urs? tell me I am curious
My son's prison name would almost definitely be Dirty Ears Gabe.
Tore Debo up
#np Mac miller feat. lil wayne - The question
not this guy but who is on for Thursday/Saturday/Sunday closes?
LOL she tries talking to me in the bathroom & I always ignore her & she sent it to a BUNCH of 8th grade guys .
hmph i miss mi babes even tho she stil kinda mad at me : /
You are doing a fantastic job with rumplestilskin / Mr.gold on #OnceUponATime . My wife and I love your character.
haha so calling me stupid now are we? Haa I kidss
I hate Michigan State, but I like the pick! Worthy is a beast when he wants to be
#YouCuteAndAll but you've fucked me over one too many times
yea XD the girl didn't notice but my teacher did my teacher is funny XD
Thanks to for the glorious following! Much appreciated!
UPDATE 2-GM passes on running TV ads during 2013 Super Bowl
Hi Joe! Yesterday was a bit crazy, sorry. Re: your Apple TV, where are you stuck?
I definitely will
oh, dem's fightin' words! You know what this means, right? I'm putting you on the program for next year...
I do not send spam, please let me know if you are receiving any from my account. I will work to fix this problem today.
a charter high school in NE Philly. Right by Franklin Mills...I'm so excited!
Hell yea..so just wear lacoste & you should be good.
it's her instagram
Finally going to bed after reading more of Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn. This book is freakin' nuts awesome. It's that good. Nitty nite.
YES!!! i don't have to clean his garage...i'm gon miss that money though...but it's all good...
feel free to bring some lunch to my house...a brotha is starving haha
READY FOR THE WORLD
Safely back in the country I choose to call home, the good ol USA! I do love England and it was a great trip but it feels good to be back.
RT : Heard on the streets of Raleigh: #FriAt5 is at this week. Big crowd expected for
forever getting shot down.. ):
and just like that one goal made all the difference. it's shitty they scored right when man u had thought they won
FREE TAN IN ANY LEVEL to the first 5 retweets!!! Good today only!
difficult 2 kill stuff on the walk when u wear a muzzle. frustrated.
yeah, but i thought he was in remission or at least, I didn't realize the cancer regenerated. so sad.
Looking forward to seeing you! RT : We're hitting up the coolest tea spot on the planet. here we come!!!
I cried when Jack died in Titanic
So many things happening this wknd! Flower Mart today; Takoma house tour, Taste the World Fenton Village Sunday; +houseguests.
It's because we are just that cool! (; #Directioners right here
Love Can Make You Feel Like You're In Heaven But It Can Hurt Like Hell!
Y Living: Don't sacrifice proper form if you read/watch videos while you work out. Yr best bet is to place reading materials at eye level.
Shouts to one of the hardest working cats in the game.Homie is true to what he do! Salute my nigga!!!
Lol. RT : Have you heard of the new incubator in town? Y Hunger Games Combinator. Only one startup will make it out.
Oh legal and social media. This is gonna be good...
Ok seriously it was funny the first 3 times. Screw you
Drinking so much black coffee, everyone thinks you're going to grow chest hair.
The lights would go off at work smh
we need to win a game
I never said I was a Colts fan, I was only fond of them because I was a #PeytonManning fan. And next year it'll be a new team
Johnny's a boss
- just got a compliment on both Goedhart & DLD Syrahs. "best labels ever"
What up Pretty long time huh
Watchin Cars 2 with my little man :) it's been a whole kj and Mimi night! This kid is my entire world.
Hey #whendiditbecomecool to wear jean shorts?
And spandex
“: Clear alcohols are for rich women on diets. #whiskey #swanson”
I studied 5 out of 50 words. My reward is sleep.
Sitting in "pro's come home" presentation with Budding journalists love pizza.
For you, for me, come crash into me baby.
Gut check win Cats.
I have the strange feeling you're losing intrest...
Funny how I seem to get a lot of work done from 1:00 to 4:00 in the morning
please tell me you are going to video tape McChesney tomorrow...
Just got 3 new pairs of shoes!! Jackpot!
its good to hear u don't allow those stereotypes to color ur appreciation of women
Dr Delia of Delray Beach is our answer to Dr OZ! Lets talk about TE
Any have any good follower recommendations for me? Looking to follow some new people.
yeah i kept scrolling down my TL and saw it...
Wow did that annoy me
first RT. heck yes.
Like when u were here,love them shoot first PGs! : My lil bro monte Ellis traded to Milwaukee. What y'all think about that???
People are doing some cool stuff with Node.js. Time for me to start learning.
I showed an “emotobook” to Shannon not too long ago and she kept flipping to the abstract emotional art. I think I got her hooked. LOL!
soaking up the New Mexico sun...........listening to the birds tweet.......tweet tweet
20 odd yrs later and i'm still listening to George Best and Seamonsters. Educating my Wisconsin family on Yorkshire music!
Why do u need help?....
Also, not sure what's going on out there on the streets, but be safe in LA if you're on the road.
in the time this Nationals game has been delayed, Kevin Na could play one hole of golf. OK, maybe two.
What can I say? I'm a genius :)
Really Like my new LG Ally...
Lavender oil helps relieve headache pain and promote restful sleep. Run it on under your nose to help relieve stress.
A great website to use if you are currently trying to create an elevator speech for your interviews
I never seen an old white guy riding wit rims till today
I love owning the ability to make any article of clothing I want!! All I need is a picture ~8-P
Where the hell is my mom anyway... ._.
How you likin' it?
hmm, im gonna try it
ok and im glad i could make ur night at least i could make 1 lady happy
lol aye we good on this side but imma be in the Johnston county area this weekend for spring break tho wut yall gon be doin?
diamonds rain across the sky,shower me into the same realm...calculate our embrace....Hold On!!!come with me now..........
That's it! Portland you can go away now
If I was going to sign a Former bust #1 NBA draft pick to a 1 year $7 mill contract, I'd call Michael Olowokandi before Kwame Brown!
thanks for the RT~ see you at the library! :)
And very sad.
Driver Ed In A Box is the most ridiculous thing i ever herd of! I feel bad for Texas people trying to get a learners permit hahaha
I might start my own tv reality show. How many of you want to watch me while I use the computer all day, and while I also watch tv all day?
We're just 1hr away from our Talk featuring an Out of Fashion makers panel and a special performance of "slipped slip." Not to miss!
I can't figure out my life. I just know I have to be thankful for what I have. I don't want to lose it!
I never know what is talking about, but I always laugh at the awesome absudity of it.
Dr. Berry is hilarious, what a talent
RT McDonald's is giving out FREE breakfast to students taking the FCAT this morning ! Good luck on the test , students! ~99Jamz
haha that is awesome!
To win, we have to lose.
thank you...Just sharing our passion with you, amazing people :)
Doing laundry with Skype.
Just left home of 90-year old who was excited to support for Mayor. At least my fifth trip to college area!
Boneshakers bicycle club tonight!!!! Come see some indie fun loving folk collide with s. african reggae
I love listening to R&B that's always been my thing
We will be OPEN on Memorial Day from 8am-4pm
big game for the Horns tomorrow vs ASU. Hookem!
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!! And fathers who play the mother role!
That's just sad. But isn't that "journalism" today?
Icing my elbow. I just need a new one.
Fuck You Very Much!
Just wanted to say Thank You Mr. President
what documentaries did you watch? I'm always looking for recommendations for my classes.
I wanna go to #Denver nd see my dad :/ Meh. P.L.U.R.<3
love = pain
in denial :-)
I thought tre wanted them on the show?
stop with the okays!
Watching a great webinar on list building with Michael Gunn. Great info. I'm also getting personal coaching from Micheael.
Watching adam sandler christmas
No dudes, it's cool. You should take some more time off. RT : Green Day announces three albums
My dick just sneezed, can I be your hero.
Laurinaitis & Lesnar set this shit up... They're not slick... John, we seen you leave the ring immediately during the fight.
The best way to break out of writer's block is lateral thinking, and few things stimulate lateral thinking better than iTunes U lectures.
he's already more personable then Sam Horn ever was
Sorry, you seem to be mistaken... /cc
After a huge fuss trying to get it out earlier, the baby raccoon in our wall is being louder than ever. Let's hope for success tomorrow.
... and thats because? RT : White girls follow me on twitter I don't follow back.
S/O to these followers: :P
Mine To(: I Just Never Had The Courage To Sing In Front Of Anyonee...!!
Hi, have you ever read Charles Stross, he wrote the Merchant Princes series. I am slowly working my way through them.
Last Computer Repair in Pittsburgh:LCD Replacement of Gateway Laptop
Oh yea and they followback by the way
Feel like I'm drowning without your love...
being a fat as foe the day.
Hahaha I'm playing
Damn, I haven't flared up on my mom like that in I minute. I'm sorry mom, glad things calmed down quick tho, were getting better...
I assume that your account has been compromised, as I just received a "LOL look at UR crazy pix" DM from you. Rum luck.
We have rescheduled the Greenroom show to Feb 3rd with the Robert Fortune Band
If I had my life to live over, I'd dare to make more mistakes next time
LCAN/CPV at Madonna University - "College access is really about social responsibility and equality. "
Now, between packing & painting, I am in the studio the rest of the day. Rarely am I so stationary a target; tweet, txt, or call
thanks Alex :) you too ;)
Over 6-wks now since our LASTcomplaint on not receiving gift card. Once again, U told us we'd recieve it & we did not. Respond!
Crowds gathering at Somers HS for Westchester budget hearing. Good to see so many who care so much
I may see you here then!
Belly starts bubbling after I get out the shower
Sick of this yet? ...2847564823378678316527120190914564856692346034861045432 6648213393607260249141273724587006606315588174881520920...
that was a wild "hail Mary". Stanwick caught and finished.
I guess my 3 yrs old son, has a massive attitude....
me acabo de parar desubicada is 5am had A dream with dogs and checked it online... Weird stuff came out :( Im so sad..
I think 1st we need to change stdnt mindset that learning comes from teachers; once they take ownership we can assess differently
Do you live in the Third Ward?
I'm not guru but do you have a URL for the blog and a sample image?
and the day is still going
Enjoying my beautiful day even more now, ha!!
#YouNotUglyBut your upper lip need that touch up one time.
bring back van Gundy
Thank you ! And thanks for being a great host for our off-site meetings.
Kobe! That was filthy. #Lakers #NBAonABC There goes Kob
I want an uncle like, Uncle Jesse from #FullHouse :3 He's purrrrfect! ^.^
we end June 4. We go back August 27
Thinking about why I've called Mabel Byrd a race-conscious internationalist instead of a black Marxist or radical internationalist.
looking for best specials just for you!
Has anyone tried the new Pink Chance by Chanel? I love the original one it's def a fav!
Ours through Overstock. Live in TX, $250 gc shipped to NY after got $10 test. # was stolen somewhere - never used on Overstoc
. is in the kitchen making brussels sprouts for an afternoon snack, and using the funniest old-lady curse words.
I drink my coffee black.
hahaha I'd say that puts you right up there with MLK
got your back bro
No girl could resist this line: RT Is your name 'Obliviate' or are you just naturally mind-blowing? HP7
Playing the Roxy in Los Angeles, California tonight! Come chill.
Hey From wat part of puertorico are u and ur mom if know ? cuz im from p.r anasco so just wonderin hope u anser lov david
On our way to Brentwood! 210 Westwood Place is the place to get the best country fixins in Nashville! May you have a blessed day :)
its not a hacker. It's spam... I got like 50 of them from other people
Sorry it helps me sleep
Headed to the chi opening! Can't wait to see!
Giving away another free shaker cup today! True or False: Eating certain berries may help decrease blood pressure.
Dinner tonight is grilled steaks, scalloped potatoes, lemon dill green beans and chopped salad.
nice! Whats the record time?
That awesome moment when you and your best friend say the exact same thing at the same time xD
National Student Association Extends STEM Opportunities for Middle School Students
nice to meet you!
Hello all #cherryblossom folks visiting thanks for coming by to brunch all 200 of you!Now who's up for steak&delirium tremmons on the patio?
. Bottom line...no cost to taxpayer. Aw... give the pilot a break.
Nice that umpires were included in Dodgers purchase.
missed what Hoggy said. Did he say that Black Caviar would get beat today?
Got an open slot available at the Rox Box in Roxborough this Wednesday. Any interested bands please hit us up!
I remember when I met JohnjayVanEs last yr & he went threw my cell n found NUDE pics of a married man
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
Congrats chior for getting distinguished todayy ! (: thanks for being such a good teacher !
Like that's ever really mattered.
I so wanna key his car!!!!
The national average teacher salary is 120.2%. Rhode Island is the highest (135.9%).
I learned today that I pretty much accept defeat at the hands of
Getting $40 worth of One direction magazines>
In honor of earth day, I plan on mowing my lawn.
Never seen Sodium melt. Burns hot and bright when heated. Cartoon could be a good discrepent event if followed by demo.
they played it once, and it was awesome.
6 pages in 4 hours. get at me let's go home now.
very cool. Appreciate the response too. Love the product. Working on rolling out to the rest of my company as well!
Find the girl with the broken smile, ask her if she wants to stay a while. and she will be loved.
Will I be seeing you this Saturday at Mr. Romzek's show? :)
didn't u start prop d? Flip flipping later
I was stacking up 's book MEAT HEART tonight & the sky opened & God came down & she said "Well done good and faithful servant"
Geeze louise is it even possible for John Mayer to put out a bad song?
So cute!
Panama wants 1D <U+E32C>
I'm not going to hold it against you this time.
Thanks for the example. How do you choose which content to put there?
Participant at Conference: Dale Cressman from
bubba said he was tired all last week
wen he go to court.
Shoutout To My Cool New Followers -
“Go out into the world and do good until there is too much good in the world.” Larry H. Miller- businessman, philanthropist
Social media day? Isn't that kind of like having "breathing day" ?
askin someone WHY they love you is one of the dumbest questions ever , from what ive learned . let em show u , so u wont have to question
it must be a lebanese thing...
19 of school days left!!
Hope all is well bro. Don't get yourself killed chasin' tornados.
Gov't tried to say I was dodging paying income taxes, I countered that I offered to pay more than what was due and they declined..
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle. ~ Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programmers.
we'll always have Stuffies. Or is it Stuffy's? I call it delicious. And cheap.
Just voted!
we miss you at RD! let's do a happy hour or something soon!
2011 wasn't that bad of a year. Now let's make 2012 even better!
Wheelwright on his decision: 'Everything was real nice. It seemed like they really wanted me to come and I was really appreciative of that'
Faith moves mountains, but only knowledge moves them to the right place.
I've been betrayed and violated, how dare you invade commit such a crude act wit somethin that wasn't yours. Homewrecker.
lol fuck it I still wanna go! I'm like superman, bullets can't do nothing to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#GoodMorning Espresso. Let's start this day off right!
No video cam allowed but would love twit-heads in nyc to join us at our 'graduation ceremony' Thur,Apr5,7-8pm.90Lafayette Street near 6train
Life is too short to remove USB safely
CALPELRA Great. Pension Debate
trying to remember the last time I ate cheese
Ordered another case. Seriously out of control. rocks my socks. Wish they had multigrain on AMZN... Hint hint :)
did using the caps too long put u to sleep? Lol
That awkward moment when your "friends" don't invite you to something. Those bitches.
send the questions to me again, sorry -
yeah! maybe pre-drinking cocktail bar weekly suggestions :)
Headed to New Orleans
Nice work on your new website!
I meant take, lol. Come TAKE shots!
Pandas are no good for city dwellers. I request a baby sea otter on the tiniest leash.
shoot me a DM with your email and I'll get in touch
My daughter had 1 cavity & they filled it n, she said they told her she can eat candy now,lol!!! I kno they didn't say that not the dentist
So don't say that you just want to run away.
Congrats to - she's running for miss California USA!!!!!
Check it out! Got great stuff up! Promos of and some sweet Graphics of ! Check them out!
I'm glad you are comforted by being surrounded by other crazies wanting to walk 40 miles :)
"Mind Your Business" interview with Social Media Master, Kenny Silva
Kim K is just a fucking slut that likes black dick up her ass....
Thank you! The Lonsberry show rocks the airwaves!
I just DM'd you. Hit me back!
Let's Go Giants! Send the dirty birds back down south for winter!
your daddy say we runnin a 5K
yeah, you know not every author has their facts straight before writing their story. I blame the publisher lol
Uh, I'd be in? And yeah, free from the 21st to...haven't bought a return ticket yet, possibly staying till New Years
how rude.... does he say thank you?
yes I agree!
im suree ill run into ya soon;)
Is 'epic' the most overused word in English? I've never been more tired of hearing a single word.
#Blackboard. My fav feature R9.1-better integration bw Course and Content system via Course Files. "Your Window into Content Collection"
And it's for my #Evicted story! Will post. RT : I'm thoroughly giddy right now... I just got to write a blog while at work!
OH THANKS HALEY. <U+E405>
So much on my mind I just can't recline. Breath in …
What's brown & sticky? A stick.
I guess they didn't have the answers.
Hardin was rated that because he didn't play the 2011 season.
"when life got hard I would go and stand on my two-by-two feet of grass and find comfort..." p,116
That's fantastic! Thanks for sending it along, and have a wonderful holiday weekend! Miss you!
How are you guys doing? Thanks a million for putting my song in rotation! You rule!
Sadly, the weekend is coming to an end...going back home.
yay! Thanks for visiting. Try those Diablo Rellenos. Yum!
lol "Lemme tell ya something about crunch..."
hopes that everyone affected by the #earthquake on the east coast is safe.
Wish I had a coupe the color of mayonnaise
good idea
Some people are so stupid it makes me laugh.
angie the new dog is ok. she has fear of driving in the car. but she likes coming home.
#LMSunSIG analytics 2 wks after class starts students get formative survey for online and hybrid classes
SPAM MY Kik! My Username Is CollinsCold
It's 's birthday today. So why is it that being seen on her arm feels like a present for me?
please follow me it would make my day!:)
we'll miss you Saya! You always bring a great vibe with you when you're here. :) ^ag
I hate when that happens -_-
I love you my TriggaBooBear <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Q: Vision for ?
The peoples' republic of Casiotone.
what I thought!
I'm all for extending the baseball season. Let them play 440 games a year, triple headers and whatnot.
Look forward to talking ginger RT : Next month we will be talking about ginger! Come back &amp; chat on June 6th at 1p!
Fun Day today at school!!
same here
I am totally laughing...because it is so true
I'm going to play as Justin. I will be guest star on the show. :) ": who do you play on Kickin it?"
YOU'RE BEING BLESSED RIGHT BEFORE THEIR EYES (Ezek 36: 23-27) The Lord wants to be your only God and He gave you a NEW HEART! #Sir Court
After meeting with I realize that a Big Breakfast + Grace Conversations = The FULL Gospel
Laying in bed & thinking about everything is always the worst. #wishin'icouldsleep.
#Facebook is for friends that are now strangers... #Twitter is for strangers that should be your friends
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. James Baldwin
WHY IS MY ROOM SO COLD
it's in development now and coming soon! stay tuned!
That video is so long!!!
THE TIP I'M ON RIGHT NOW....IS IF YOU NOT MY FAMILY OR I DIDN'T KNOW YOU FOR YR'S FUCK YOU!!!!! <3
OMFG!!!!!! :O i finally reached 203 followers!!!! THNK YOU SO MUCH <3
Happy birthday to Mr. John Frusciante.
deep in the recesses of the amber fogged recollection of the adolescent mind
I know spring training is meaningless but these #Tigers games r fun listening to. Only 1 loss so far!
Welcome to Sactown! Cannot wait to see you playing for our !!! And when your in downtownSac, stop by our shop!
Santa's gotta big red cherry nose. I'VE gotta big red cherry nose. Santa's got a bowlful of jelly as a tummy. So do I. Sheeot! Cardio time.
im pretty deep.
Headed south to Brownsville, TX this weekend! It's pretty much Mexico, so I'm saying, VAMOS!
Puerto Rican Folkloric - 10th YEAR ANNIVERSARY SHOW: Aguacero, La Mixta and Quenepas at La Peña Cultural Center, Berkeley, December 18th...
I'm not in to the trends today...might try something new
“: Happy bday to my main Manz <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>”Good Look We Down Da Nuts Tonight
after 7 weeks of board meetings, un conferences, pressers and more - i am home.
aint that the truth!
This game is ridiculous..
RT I think won the highway food fight... We will have to destroy them later!
attn:twitter spammers; i give up.
thanks, same to you! Happy Tweeting
It's true, the packers always do that, do not think for a second the pack don't want Jermichael.
I Hate When Niggaz Act Irreplaceable
So cool! I hope to be an academic one day...its my dream haha
Find our how our majors define us (and how they don't).
"He was one of those guys that had that weird light around him. You just knew he wasn't going to get so much as a scratch out here."
": S/o to Ministries of the Holy Spirit and Ques Venues for letting me grace the stage tonite! The Spirit was on fye!" & so were u!
" work is for jerks" lol. Sounds like we missed the partay in ALB...
Ohh, yah, that would be bad....
Fuck you mother nature, fuck you.
As an artist it is central to be unsatisfied! This isn’t greed, through it might be appetite. -Lawrence Calcgno
John Henry Newman~ The world is content with setting right the surface of things.
It's part of mine *now*, at any rate. :D
What Suits Celebs Best Of All? Look at the best outfits ever
oh yes!
I once heard a homeless man recite Emily Dickinson. Verbatim. No book. No paper.
btw did you FB me ? not sure.
History state test tomorrow&I can't make my self study! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Nope. I'm on the radio. Jake is trying not to fall asleep at a rest stop. Gahhhhh
Developing the Insight Survey has reminded me "None of us is as smart as all of us". Thank you for all your input
It seems like "awesome" is, thus far, the word of the day.
Can you imagine what a World Series parade would look like in San Francisco? The city of flair and festivals :)
listen to you or listen to them?
Thank you for the interview. Pleasure to meet you and happy birthday!!!
check out my baseball podcast
We are different songs written by the same artist...let the melodies play
I love you so much!!
Looking forward to a "Day of Discovery" at
i will do! have a nice time at your gig x
haha sometimes I hate it
I look like a fucking eight year old with no hair on my lip -___-
with milk, would not have it any other way!
Thanks to all who came out for today's conversation about collecting undergrad research!
Mom: "Be safe!" ... Me: "No mom, I was actually planning on dying today
thanks for the reply. i've started to keep a food journal so i can look back at what foods/combos cause issues for me.
Steve Harvey! Okay, It's impressive to have written a best seller, but who nominated Steve as the voice of reason in our relationships?
twitter is fun! you will figure it out :) have a great day!
Love and Hip Hop lets go! Team Christie!
Dry and mild but a bit breezy Monday. And temperatures are warming up for the start of the work week.
How in the nm of God's littlegreenapples does the temp jump 18 deg. while blinking? I'm waitin outside 4 family Christmas
thank you (:
Senator Blakeslee asking CTA Advocate Rucker about the differences between conduct that is unprofessional or immoral or serious/egregious...
gooooooaallll One for the ages Man U stick a fork in them. I can't believe I'm rooting for Man City like they were Chelsea haha
I just think the Alamo owner is a little hypocritical getting uppity about the sanctity of the movie-going experience
Jean Chatzky on the Today show says if you go to a debt consolidation company for help it will not show on your report WTF Stupid woman
G'morning how r u doing babe? Have a beautiful day!
Iam STILL ON MY J,0,B..DON'T GET IT TWISTED..BEEN ON HARD GRIND MODE..SHOT'S FLY OUT TO MAKE SURE U CHECK OUT THE SHOW.
There is a TON of great stuff! 6400 sq ft! We've got some great Mid-Century Mod furniture pieces that I may just have to take home! ;)
I'm in the process of putting together some films & programs right now. Send me your email though because help will be needed.
I love the crazy target lady, she makes me smile
We all forgot about the senior class picture haha
nothing better a clean bike and no particular place to go!
wishing wishing upon a star i know its crazy but please PLEASE let me see One Direction in person before I die. i know its impossible but pl
OMG guys, Target came out with new clothes and I remembered I have a vagina.
Every time we plan a reading, there's a moment of deliberation about how we could get you there.
FREE LAP DANCES TODAY from NOON to Midnight! Just stop by the GOLD CLUB for a FREE RIDE with our SEXY LADIES!
I don't hate you :)
some what pumped for tomorrow. been a while since i've hit someone in the face.
You be careful out there! No texting and driving! lol
I really want butterfinger ice cream. and vanilla frosting. but I don't feel like going to the store.
Dear Lord protect me while I drive, Amen
friday morning, u wanna join me in a cafe then? New year plans?
my bars got swagger
I saw your time, holy crap you were really moving!! Good job!
Let the Tweets begin! I liked the simplistic Miranda and Blake rendition of America the Beautiful
Dancing with the Staaaaaaaaaaaaarssssssss
Cant wait! RT On the 29th I start my first day as a full time Junior Designer and Developer at … ^_______________^!!!!!
Of those 34.9 million women, 10.7 million were in the labor force (working or looking for work)
I'm at the gym fat I'll play you tomm
We're officially jam-packed - standing room only for #EnticeJazzbah!
keepinging in mind all of these "theories" are european centered and totally out of our "range"... thankfully. Lol
I got 6.7feet tall gift delivery at work today. Awww!!!
i wish you were here....
Oh those heartbreaking Red Sox...
TGIW.......IS THERE ROOM 4 LONG TERM RELATIONSHIPS N THIS LIFE......
Try the What the Font? app. It should help you out.
Don't rethink-great dress!
In a good way....a very encouraging series of things....nevertheless...message received loud and clear.
head hurting and not feeling good today... someone come take care of me and bring me food!!!
Dog barking furiously outside exam window- that's gotta help the concentration
Check out on at 9pm est! Miami's hottest radio station! We are on our way!
hahahaha. wait.. you're a freshman, too?!?!?!?!
MAKIN SUM CRAZY BEATS HIT ME UP!
NF (Smiles n waves)
At lunch, ionly buy the popsicles to read the joke on the stick after your done..<3 hahaha!
is he ok
you're welcome :)
Hello Mrs. Davis...I am a songwriter looking to set up a meeting to meet with you about my career...
on da real
Great day with my momma bear
#HowMadYouGetWhen No one has texted you all day, then you realize your phones been on Airplane mode -__-
Jus finished reading!! :)
All airports should offer free, FULL access wifi. Thank you (cc )
happy birthday girl! I miss you & love you. Hope to see you tonight :)
May is going to be the longest month ever!
Bought my boo a lil gift <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
You moist bro?
really interesting article. It's good that he could turn all that around in a positive way.
What?!?!?! That's great! You'll have to fill me in...
Oh Nice! But I have 'The Thrill of it All' 4 cd box set. Do I need more?
So hungry right now and I need some coffee.
Amber!!!! Happy Mother's Day!! :)
I agree such a dope song!
my kids are into #planking. this ish is too funny!
Gallery Night pick: at ICC in the 3rd Ward
What a beautiful day for FISHING!!!
I hate subs. Especially this one. So annoying
just a 72.7 winning percentage under
thanks! European, can't narrow it down any more since I took a variety of courses. Early Modern-ish in terms of chronology
More than 50 vendors featured at craft show at Ninth Grade School today
TY for following back!
RT : Lets go, Coyotes!
Thanks for the #FF!
I just want this class to be over
Coming to the Stage Fri. & Sat.- WAILIN' MAILMAN BUCK HILL W/ BOB BUTTA, NASAR ABADEY,CHENEY THOMAS. Tickets Now On Sale. www.TwinsJazz.com
I love twitter during award shows :D
pizzicato adverb if you play a stringed instrument pizzicato, you play it by pulling the strings with your fingers instead of using the bow
I come from the hood where the hammers be ...
agree - however Like A Prayer is mild in comparison to whatever that was. What were they thinking?
i was too busy talking to everyone to really get a chance to drink very much. annoying.
Life in the frozen tundra also known as #buffalo has it advantages like an unlimited supply of #snowcones for free lol
come through anytime
lol need to throw party lol
"What does it mean to be accessible?" Subways and even hotels still aren't truly accessible for disabled people.
The road to Austin is paved with irie vibrations
#typeyournamewithoutvowels is Y a vowel?? If not LYD L PL if it is cause I remember sing 'sometimes Y after A E I O U'... LD L PL
ur avi is so. Super star <U+2600><U+2666><U+2665>
Celebrating the green? How do you jump into spring with this great weather? #outdoors, #hiking, #cookout,
LinkedIn Group Search: This Week in Social Media
Hope Big Baby don't cry tonight when the Magic are sent home by the Pacers. I bet he will.
First rule of survival in the desert. Walk away from water.
I love the environment and all but the feeling of paper straws gives me the serious willies
i will marry him.
#sdp2p keynote Lisa Nichols: “This is where the beginning is for someone.”
That's why I told you that you aren't first in saves. I claim the worm on this realization - noticed it at 8:30.
My daughter picked up this 1986 book about "Matter" from the library that has the most zen definition of Space ever: (cont'd) - DvL
I didn't know was a red sox fan lol
Enjoyed fantastic craft beers during the Craft Brewers Conference in Chicago, courtesy of Pete w/ICBG, John w/ Chi. Beverage Systems & RBG
All you are required to do in this life, is your part which is to believe and take actions to #manifest your desires into realities!
“: I'm not lazy, I'm highly motivated to do nothing.”
WHEN is your next ORLANDO Concert?????? I can find any tour info :(. want to see u again!!! U where sick met @ ur bus (:
#truth If your not following you must be #deaf. Voice of angel. So #follow and open your ears.
Just heard that there was a '414' tattoo occurrence on #MilwaukeeDay414 !! Our hearts are full of pride.
Maria Brenes of says all schools should be safe and supportive; type of place where we would send our own kids.
any doa5 today? :]
Watch this 4-minute NBC news story on a boy w/ #autism using iLs at his school bit.ly/eBVsp7
#HookEm (and thanks for the memories)
i love you :*
Yes!! They do. RT : Today's small goal: relax. Things have a way of working out.
"Believe in love. Believe in magic... Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?" -Jon Bon Jovi
I use Visio and have been happy
I don't believe so. Fill me in..
Good morning! Hope you're having a fun-filled Saturday!
BEst quote EvEr: The glorious orgy known as American capitalism - American Dad we were just saying.. bout that.. Ha
Awesome :) So, whats the current project you're working on now at ?
Thanks for the RT Gene!!
Time to take over the world, Brain?
why do you need to know? Do you not have a boyfriend and are seriously hoping to get lucky?
I have been trying to get Attention for 5 years now. Did it happen ? No -__- ~2008-2012 Thats a long time =]
Facebook debuts what they call Timeline, the story of your life
thanks for RT's and favorites ;) I <3 that quote! Good morning world!
oh of course not, obviously its natalie
Category 4-B Winner is Mark Leshock
Oh, that bar doesn't show up on my iPad/safari.
ATTENTION BANDS! NEED PROMOS?LIVE SHOTS?LOGOS?DESIGNS? HIT ME UP! LEGIT PRICE!
For first-time ever Memorial Project is done as a video documentary: a compilation of stories from districts across CA!
never cease to stop growing
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they can't trust.. period.
My Mom Changed the plans she don't want to go to the beach she wants to go to the pool
Anyone seeing any hail or winds in these storms today?
Hey love. What it do?
were sorry <U+E403> but we have many more to come! Details soon <U+E415>
In context of the $99 Lumia 900, I presume.
Thank you for everything and for the mention, Tim! :) I'm proud to be a Challenge Student for sure.
I hope he hurries up i dont wanna b late for school!
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Ron Washington appears like he's going to let Oganda lose this game.
Thanks for the follow! Do you work for the Royal Oak Daily Tribune too?
I take it you don't like him either. Not surprised. RT : z
What's on tap for today? Chaucer!
Take her home complete her den iskeet her nd delete her..
yeh, up here now.
stress is getting to me
Studies show eMenu can increase sales up to 135%. We confident our eMenu at Infinity menu can match that number!
good morning! x
ok good :) Hope they consider it .. so much they can do with it..
Prince Sports, Bordentown maker of tennis rackets, declares bankruptcy
Already did!! <3
The ability to finish around the basket is an art....many ways to go about it but something that is mastered through hours of practice.
Love this. RT: i dont know whats fair anymore, but i do know things are always better when the right folks are closer. cc
no appeals=more $$ for drinks/snacks RT : : US Equest Fed keeps bag of cash so can file appeal
None-It'd be hypocritical, as our policy is technically 'no food OR drink.' Was an electric kettle, I'm told, but before my time.
Congrats Joe! Looking forward to seeing the project.
Why these Memphis people always claim they in china
same mane .... Finishing up school
I blew it up, I can't make out any discernible info.
Creative Cloud/CS 6 was announced today. Seems to be more tweets about how messed up the non-US pricing than any else though.
I think I want ice cream at all points of the day. This might be a problem.
Who ever first wrote "Happily Ever After" at the end of stories must have been a real smug asshole.
I dont get why so many people i know are smoking hookah when they know Chris and know he died from lung cancer..
": Women who strive to be equal to men lack ambition. -Anonymous"
#Rangers sure do love to give me at least one heart attack per game. Way to be #NYR!
We were feelin' the burn today! Nice Job this morning!
Making God's perspective My perspective through Faith - Believe what He said not what you see!
Why are walsh classrooms so frickin hot?
Upgrade your poker set for the new year!! up to 75% poker chip sets, tables, cards, and accessories! www.eproducts4less.biz
There goes my baby
Why bar Chelsea fans?
Good luck tonight!
thank you!!!
I'm speechless....my Heat team is in TROUBLE!!
Why must I be stuck at work…
jamming to my babies while doing my hw :]]
Lord no... Not Lisa! I'm really pulling for He's impressed me the most. Penn was my early fave... sad he's gone!
no time to bleed, as you fall to your knees, no time to bleed, as you fall to your knees
cannot stop thinking about today's purchases from !
The lady at the bk lounge didn't tell me to have a good day, which always means it's gonna be a shitty one.
Define "elite media," Speaker Gingrich,
I am watching a yacht fight.
I love it!
vs. your ideas coming into play after critical decisions about functionality have already been made by c-level/mktg/prod types
this girl wont fuckin leave me alone
awww yes he is adorable Katie
Freedom is not a license to do everything..
Somewhere between all our laughs, long talks, stupid little talks, all our jokes... I fell in love with you.
Yay Teen Tech Trends! Going to pretend I'm a teen librarian for the afternoon!
Thank you BOTH for sharing! :) RT : thanks for the RT!
can we see the replay please?
I have the worst luck w flights. Most likely styck in orlando over night
RT : Looking forward to checking it out. Thank u blessings
Can't wait to blow my candles out RT Talk that talk, yeah I know I'm such a show off
Haha. It's gonna be a rough week :/. Maybe Kitna will learn how to stay off his back and avoid Matthews.
Can't wait to move to nc so I can get back On east coast time zone again
purrrrfect napping weather <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2614><U+2601>
Copiers Refurbished Explains How to Extend the Lifespan of Copiers
is a bright sun ray even in the darkest storm to guide Victorians to success.
noo she doesn't she might be commin home this summer though!
Isn't the account also still in existence?
tick tick tick tick....... goes the clock, its almost slap bet time!
<U+0093>I absolutely LOVED this guide You have revealed very useful information that is needed to set up and profit from a record label
How do you get rid of your stress?
Cant wait for the rematch!!!
Gen 4:2 KJV And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.
Two days since I finished the first draft of this novella. I'm afraid to look at it again, but it's not going to edit itself.
Hi Jessica! i didn't get the DM, but maybe you forgotted-ed. We got some cool stuff coming up!
RT , my golf coach, featured on ubersense's TechStars demo day I love when worlds collide. pic.twitter /XiUX8DXi
Everyone knows that's on Sunday's is when it cracks ;p
Post birthday
M ice cream - getting a sweet tooth again lol - FISH TACOS!!!
Satellite of love
Most of Portland is dry now...most
You have a Ferrari... $13.25!
Have you tried changing the locks? RT : I would do anything to be alone in my house for 24 hours.
Why do I leave the house in a white shirt without a tide pen?! Time to consider an intentional spill to hide the stain?
At a free autograph singing in Whitfish Bay at PNC bank for and he shows up late, not only that but un a limo... Really!?
Traffic in #dmv is killing me
i might have like a get together for me and janelles birthday ;)
Wife just texted me drive slow - cop around the corner so I laughed and showed it to the cop
Trying to keep that sneaky tree away from you? :)
is he confirmed in or out?
haha yes! lets
yeah we had a BBQ for her and got her some perfume :)
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been very nice with Andy dalton.
Now #New_Moon was amazing! I highly recommend it to everyone!
Here go the cheerleaders!
Join us TONIGHT at 7:30 for the 4TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION of 's with guest performers Santita Jackson,...
portable hard drive started clicking. trouble is, I can't remember if there's anything on it I want to save.
: Who needs a #vacay when you've got a good tan and #USF Strat Comm?
Great day in Iredell!!! Thanks to all my supporters and volunteers. I was overwhelmed by your support!!
Omg im dreading going to work -_-
For real RT : If you keep it real you don't have announce it , your actions will show chill out , aha
Dude, I hate Duke more than anyone. But they're like a scary undead monster. Greatest win ever by a team with shit brown uniform?
That's unfortunate, - if #DC wants to be a world-class city, #SMB owners (especially #DCfood) have to take world-class risks.
shopping for our dutch door. any recommendations on where to look??
Sharon is Karen.
#FF more radio friends
RT : I'm looking forward to supporting Susan G. Komen for a Cure this Friday night at Crave downtowns' event....
Two #auditions squeezed into one crazy day makes this girl happy!
I won't say class ;) but what a great time! Jim, his wife and I were blown away! Can't wait for the next one.
We have over 4,000 online #ReadyForTheRush RT Gotta start looking for an ugly Christmas sweater
I'd marry Mac Miller.
Happy heart day to you all too! May your heart be full today and all year long!
The look on Jennings face
I did not know that. I'm a NOLA native ... have a great time!!!
Setting a revenue goal to high when you first start your business can be demoralizing because most likely you will not hit in the short term
Thinking "Year of Living Dangerously" is due for a update based upon events in the fertile crescent.
What happened to the Cuban version that was supposed to open?
Signed up for Etsy today. This might be trouble.
": Baked potato soup for #mondayfunday tonight!! Delicious! Also talls for smalls nom nom" cookies sound good
where's it goin down today.?
Not Jews or liberals behind all media. IT'S THE HOTEL INDUSTRY LOBBY. At least all media concerned with radio rap.
hahaha!!! I was able to push him out of the way. Bus kept on going and Greg's still breathing. L0L!
im not watching them again andy reid's gone
thanks for passing along Polly's coupons - we love pie!
ha bouncing around in a van!! Great visual :)
this dallas vs. okc game is going to be good. i can feel it.
Found the SWS tank I'm wearing to warped. ^-^
I play it eye fah eye, I get dat from my paw-paw !
anyone wanna shout out? gotta shout me out first though ;)
Give me an hour RT : I need dat hangover cure
are you receiving an error when trying to log in?
Due to spam onslaught, let's change #in2 hashtag to
“: Rush is such an expert on marriage, having had 4 of them.”
Thanks for the follow! Your movie plot is very intriguing!
keep up and follow the homie
I just now got home from work, and I left the office at 4:30. Fuck you very much MARC train!
If it wasn't so gloomy outside it would be a nice day
U wnt me gone but yet u wnt me to stay I cnfsd its tug of war wth did I do to u wait fuck my meter broke @ 99% I failed to give a fuck
Off to Mee-San Thai Eatery for lunch- so ready for delicious Thai food. Fingers crossed- please be yummy!
lol I love you
"I can accept failure, but I can't accept not trying.” - Michael Jordan
Reid, would love to chat with you afterwards to hear more about GMCR and your SM strategy, specifically w/ Pinterest.
My dads going to be locked out when he gets back from the concert con Brian & Luiz.
no offense to people who like the Janoskians but, i don't get why people like them..
Yayyyy just got signed by other agency to do promo modeling and trade show events!
ok phones off now :)
and with that I am lost! LOL
Once Ah Cheater Always Ah Cheater So The Next Person I Talk To Cheat On Me Ima Hold It Against Ya For The Rest Of Ya Life!
A few of our fav things: gifts from MOMA, SMMOA, & Palm Springs Museum stores. Singular ceramics, great books, pithy tea towels = fun gifts
Sometimes I tilt my phone when playing angry birds in hopes that it'll help me
next show Stephen A vs. Skip, one on one!
Unfortunately. I tried to float some other puns but they weren't as good. Sank pretty quickly.
Thanks so much for following - look forward to great conversations!
The Miniature Golf League is coming back and it's in Sellwood. Who's excited?
Thanks for the shout out!
Couldn't be happier to be in bed at 10pm on a Saturday hahah wow. Tebow day tomorrow!!!
yes I did for world. A good start? How so?
Good to track you down here. I'm looking forward to your tweets!
#straightup weed is beautiful
Okays , ask me any random questions & I will answer them , TRUTHFULLY . ;)
Keep abreast of lot's of different legal issues by following Roc Attorneys
Consider it done. I'll stop at the box office this week!
KRLD's Restaurant Week should be on speed dial..Dean Fearings Ritz already booked out . 1700 already marked their reservations!
Happy Birthday, #AudreyHepburn!
Hey bro I going to bed check your email
And my grandfather and I want to thank you for reading it! Did you get it on Kindle?
u got me on Iowa girls. But I seem to recall Baylor girls being pretty. They are from Dallas!:)
I feel like my life is like me trying to walk up the down escalator
I haven't been on this twitter in forever:'( its so sad omgg. but, IM BACKK!(:
Tomorrow is gonna suck.
To study or to not study for Econ....
Appreciate what you have in life, and if you still want a nicer home, let's talk!
can we get it in target?
K.Williamson: It’s a guy who just needs to hear the voice of his touchstone, of the love of his life, to let him have a better day.
lmao damn I feel for u then
everyone y'all should follow !! She's really nice and a huge Directioner! I'll follow you if you do!!
I like better actually.
Love your tweets. :-0
Pretending to care about what the birthday card says, but you really just want the money. ahahahaha
never thought in a gajillion years you'd get my tweet!
oh yeah Kristina isn't good enough... Forgot<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> tear
just check in on Facebook!
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I'll never let you go . Slap every person that tries to ruin our relationship , and everything will be perfect ;)
So many good movies on Pre-Theatrical and Theatrical release on iTunes!
TFGIF! Sushi time
the Tiger hitters may need to break out some of Jobu's rum...bats love Jobu's rum make balls go very far
Not sure if liking a sad facebook status shows support. Or if it makes me like it.
NY is COLD today!! I really don't wanna have practice in this weather! :(
We love what these guys (and gals!) have to say:
ha! Thanks! Straight from terminal 5 to the office this am.
tummy ache, two nights in a row. no good!
juss got done watch Final Destination 5 for tha 4# time its so good lul
No home. No phone. Happy birthday to me.
10% "Monthly Gross" Income maximum.
Ok. Judy Scotchmoor is giving me what I need. We have to engage beyond the scientific community when talking bout synbio
Off to schoolofcards.com tonight for our first real #poker lesson! Any tips on staying cool and keeping our game face on?
yeah sure, followed ya! Thanks for following :)
Thanks for the RTs ,
oh MAN that'd be sick. i've got tickets for excision via identity fest this summer; check out dates, may be a stop near you!
ur dad was freakin funny on chelsea tonight i kind felt bad for him! but i love ur mom so im on her side :)
thats really good to hear ! keep up the hard work on that education and football : ) i always believed in you kevin : D
Wow it's snowing pretty nicely outside! :)
I was a Starbucks drinker for 6years until now. I can't honestly attest to no stains but it tastes great w/o the coffee breath
Tuesday morning. You're no Saturday but I guess you'll do.
Anyone else see the Facebook ProfileVisitor app?
I have the latest information since I was the last class in Boston. Janet Kraus is an EIR at #HBS and has had 2 successful exits.
to see how we're doing in class I think...probably just to check on Catie:)
It's the little things that annoy us the most. Start addressing them. You'll be surprised with what happens...
Canelo Alverez remember this name! He is the fucking truth and one of my favorite fighters!! Love to see Cotto vs Alverez
Catch the f#ckin ball!!!!!!
I'm tired of being the guy on the fuckin couch!?
"there's a great move called 'pull the groin' IT HURTS!" obviously we are playing dance central
...a little confusing unless you say something to tie it in - like if it reminds you of a scene from the book or a character?
Does this mean that I'll never look good again?
i promise to finish soon
white supremacy ftw! : Intersectionality is out of the gates early!
Thanks for following me! Hope you enjoy my artworks!
Start up valuations are at an all time high.
HEEY!! :) <U+E022> mind following back? It would mean SO MUCH!! <U+E056>
yo yo fam! find some time to follow us. We funny as fuck
I think I wanna take a nap hm
Thanks Amy! MT : thanks for doing all you do! Props to for some fabulous work lately!
I love how the jar says use by March 2013. Like it's going to last past the end of this sentence.
Waffle House is trending on Twitter, and now I want waffles. Bacon, too.
Hawaii bound. Currently being welcomed on board with a rousing pan-flute rendition of "sweet child of mine"...can't make this stuff up
ops not mc conrad but my homeboy who had a heart attack.
You can always dream, and your dreams will come true, but you have to make them come true.
The Funny or Die! extended clip is even better, and brave.
family from Detroits over...pretty interesting,
"People will forgive a man with a beautiful wife if he seems sufficiently surprised" - the new yorker, in reference to Sarkozy
Note on door: "I found you to be very unapproachable and offered no assistance. I will never use this law library again."
Damn! Oh well, awesome World Cup, USA Women's Soccer Team.
Right. That's what was confused in my memory. I knew he wore something and remembered someone wearing a big pad.
doesnt need to turn his swag on, cause it was never off. ;)
Thanks for sharing with your followers!
What a douche.
OMG myh mom told me I have a gay cuzen :0
Yes agreed. Not to mention the plethora of Kevin Nguyens... Embrace your uniqueness! :)
who created the lyric artwork that played behind u during ur set just now in VA? Love u guys!
good imma pass :)
wait til u get these cavs and get a whiff of em
I feel like I used to be significantly funnier in my younger years.
#JohnnyDepp "Depp Perception" design is available this Tuesday, March 27th at by for only $10 RT to win free tee
I stay very Happy when replied me!! bahaha*-*'.
Hey out there! I'm running low on the tweets because I'm low on time but stoked to see the group growing! www.thegreatproduct.com/dougnsonib
It always sucks when you yell 'oh' when a song u like comes on radio FORGETTING ppl are in car & they just saw you turn up Michael Bolton
Casually tumbling in the front lawn, where you at
Wow. That is not cool. I'm sorry people are jerks.
Guess I fuck with ratchet ass niggas <U+E411>
Well the original drumer died but that was awhile ago.
Congratulations Luis Gomez on the 5th anniversary of your SECOND franchise plan with Jan-Pro Cleaning of Sacramento. Keep growing with us!
you were home , you shoulda recorded it ! but okay I'll be up in a min
If you follow us I'll give you a cookie ! is that tempting or what?(:
eat where :o im confused!
Happy Leap Day!!
best 3:30 minutes ever! my ex will be mad when he read this ;)
You are my info ninja. Thanks!
It would be nice if you did (: lol
Baby got humps n dem leggins
Wait. I take that back. I think being out of school has screwed up me knowing what day of the week it is. ;)
RT : These Directv cause & effect commercials are fukn hilarious!
I turn to Twitter to upload a tweet that I couldn't make a Facebook status
Just starting the diet planning I'll share my results
You cannot lead where you do not go. -Keynote
Find out how you can win a trip for two to the WPT Celebrity VIP Invitational tournament! www.utinyrl.com/wpt
follow me on GifBoom! I have 0 followers and this is alot of fun xD username is msnancyy :)
do you guys have parking close proximity, Im getting the groupon
get off twitter
Second chances don't come often. When they do, give it all you got!
hahaha not sure if that's legal. Thanks you're awesome too!
Populists? No, Pope-ulists.
#HighBloodPressure Ground Turkey Recall : 36 Million Lbs . Ground Turkey Recall : 36 Million Lbs . , Among Largest Recalls Ever
Is it just me or are Eli Manning's shoulder pads bigger than most QBs. He is a baller tho.
Exactly one month until Summer >>>
lemme hear some - "So Many Girls"
nice talking to you, bye !!!!
With in my home! Rascing pepe on the sofa!! And now..... #onething LOL
It. Is. Snowing.
yeah bro check your email just hit u back
I hate how twitter jus randomly unfollow ppl
Give us a shout-out if you're loving our offer!
RT Stupid bitch
We can't help but recommend the Letter Writing Social. It's going to be fun and letter-y.
know the feeling...you think you have time to get the mindset of teaching then you all of a sudden have to jump in. Good Luck!
haha I just saw this :)
awesome! good job! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I was thinking the same thing.. weird shit
Speak bro! If they persecuted Jesus, what makes you think they won't persecute us?... But we are protected by the blood.
I love catching up with old friends. It makes me realize I need to do it so much more.
Great 1st day so far! In training for the first 3 days. Thx.
I watched Duck Dynasty last night. Now I know why likes it...haha
Glad to hear that you're finding success! Folks with anti-charities definitely tend to have higher success rates.
hey, I hope you're doing well :)
Hmm, hopefully people will actually go there. A blog might require more upkeep than desired.
Good morning! Happy Hump day!
we're they gettin bushy? I'm gettin my nails and brows done tonight son <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Not our finest moment, but funny RT All Oklahoma politicos need to watch tonight's Daily Show!!!!
Re: permanence, I also had the thought that I hope their metadata is robust, because this will age badly
Wondering when hard drives will become obsolete.
When teachers don't take up homework < its not like I stayed up til 1 doing it or anything...
I know! Seans picking me up from the airport and back to our old house to get my stuff n have some tea and then onto a new start!
I don't have an iPhone!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that lies about everything
Concluding 2 day #IgniteSelling session with #WeightWatchers in Toronto ~ This sales team rocks!
Italian cruise ship captains be trippin'
The pilot #mediation program for #TRO cases at #Honolulu District Court is working great. Do you know of similar programs elsewhere?
Happy Friday Eve...Looking forward to the weekend?
Tillamook, Walla Walla, wild Alaska, Rogue River, Yukon, Oregon Rain. A NW dream? NOPE It's Burgerville! Eat there 3/29. % sales to UW
Bomb squad emergency vehicles just passed me heading west on Santa Monica.
I AM teaching Tues PM but not Tues AM. Peace out.
Fakeness just doesn't sit right with me .
Ready for the last day of my Digital Curation class and creating a 6-month action plan based on what I've learned.
R u still there?
lay on your back and let your eyes find the star, you be my venus, love is jupiter, i'm your mars. we gonna turn this bedroom into the sun
Your Killing me on Words with Friends
We be right behind Hey Cupcake!
Reading "JavaScript: The Definitive Guide." One. Page. At. A. Time.
is feeling hopeful, enthusiastic, and like it's time for waffles. Wake up Scott! Wake up! Waffles!
Dirk hoisted the Finals MVP, but was he the best of the entire postseason?
TY for the hotel tips. We can't wait to get to Vegas!
haha! Nicely done!
me too dude me toonothing better than a bunch of zombies,vampires and aliens out.....forget costumes we can be ourselves!
Happy #WW - great wines and wineries!
“: What that rozay & usher jawn sounding like?”<~~~~GREAT
Who is your hero (or personal role model, if you will)?
Never make a permanent decision on temporary feelings
you live in ny?
that'd be even more akward :o
RT : Just met at this auburn festival
Not many options, it seems.
hey sweetie yes i moved it to saturdays shi lee is still doing his thing at his house but i had to grab a prime time date.
#HappyMothersDay ESpecially To The Single Mothers
You can never have too many pics! :)
I'm tryna act like I don't wanna be with you, like I would be OK if you just walked away.
Do speakers need to buy tickets too or are they included? Should we get tickets now even if we submitted presentations?
How you doin???
Hey Guys Im Bored So Ask Me Questions So I Can Make A Question Video For Youtube (:
can't wait until I'm older
Sadly what I remember most clearly abt the LA riots: most of the 9th grade used them as an excuse to cut class and "protest" outside
ha! None
It's like an online Harry Potter world. You go through the books, get sorted into a house and collect stuff along the way.
- hungry? dare I ask. HA!
Jordan is going to put a scoreboard up on the site so its easy to see whose in the lead ;-)
Clearing will continue. Nice day tomorrow, but a slight chance of rain on Tuesday. Temps warm up Wed through end of week into the 80's
So I watched "American Horror Story" for the 1st time tonight and my house just doesn't feel the same lol. I'm about to have a heart attack.
April showers...
Please follow me(: 14
Had a really bad panic attack last nite. Woke up didnt know what happened. Billy had 2 give me med 2 calm me down and breathe. Feel real ...
I saw Eli, Nicks, Cruz, Peirre-Paul,n more yae!!!!!! =D such an. L
yeah, kept a lot of it simple. the challenge was finding certain pts to use to jump to next song (bc it wasn't pre-planned at all).
The hardest thing in life is letting go what yu thought was REAL
haha I kno ! Its alright there will be other times we had fun though were loose!
My universe will never be the same, I'm glad you came.
My coffee hand is strong.
If you see 30 people wearing black, standing on a corner in Manhattan, chances are it's an Armory shuttle stop.
Great move by the Diamondbacks on getting Jason Kubel.
What time is this big lotto drawing?
Once ran into Rick Pitino at a golf course. Dude could sell a pumpkin to an engineer.
member when we were all talking about fun things to do an I said bowling would be cool
I think there should be a new wave of life coaches whose speciality is just holding your hand. That's it.
Just completed an endoscopic laser surgery on patient from Canada. Patient was wide awake during the surgery and no pain.
influenza > NBC overdose > hangover > marriage
ugh, I hate practice.
Ppl who show out <<<<
who's the guy that plays the piano?? I can't think of it and its driving me nuts. Is it bobby v
He really doesn't know how much he means to just me. Ehh.):
i think so
There is a joy I get in giving. But when my heart tells me I am the Only one giving, I walk away.
im checked out
The baby boy was cute tho c:
Previous winner!! RT : RT : 5 followers away from a #GEEBZ giveaway! Follower picked at random. Help us get there!
Ikkkk it was so boring lol
Looking for NYC office? Shared space over looking Union Square $990 p/m inc utilities & wifi
Next on stage is Gudjon Mar from doing a presentation on prototyping a sustainable world
Amazing play by Inge. This regular season won't end. On to extra innings.
ewww I know
Thanks! I did not know of them!! :-)
!!!! :) RT : Thanks to for being awesome people, and hooking it up for the homies.
our t-shirt design & logo is an exclusive design. if that doesn't make you want to buy one- i don't know what will!
Do you have Twitter lists? If no, do you know how creating lists can strengthen your relationships on Twitter? Ask me how.
That too! #showushowyouNSO " how about at NSO full staff training?"
The volcano in Iceland has reduced air traffic to levels not seen since 9/11
Sound great at great rates
Still waiting for you*******
Nice! You have a couple months before Fitmapped hits the west coast! REPRESENT!
This day isn't looking up! It's all good tho
Figure quoted from
RCRD Roc Stars 85 vs H.A.R.D Nuclear Knockouts 63 at the half
Welcome to Kansas City, hope you enjoyed our newest Casino!
Adios 1950s front door hello gorgeous new one
Glad you're back on twitter. Can't wait to see you freak people's minds in the NBA.
great...would love your thoughts
The section on irony in the introduction to the Aesthetics part I is proof that Hegel hated hipsters before it was cool.
o i c u guys
I was proud to be a part of the Dearborn County Democratic Party's tribute to former Rep.Bob Bischoff tonight. A true public servant
Last UCLA-themed tweet, I promise. If Westbrook had had that mid-range jumper for UCLA in '08, they win the national championship.
It's not that I didn't mean what I said, it's that what I said wasn't mean enough.
I didn't ask your life story, I just asked for head. Damn!
It scares us doggies too
Comic Smash, I am in you. :p
Ugh my sleeping schedule has been so messed up over spring break.
Interviewing LA #makeupartists this week! Send people my way!
sounds like we may have an idea for our next online action. :-)
I know right?! All i want are some awesome chinos..is that too much to ask?! #Mylifeissohard!
If musicians get to have boards on pinterest, then do visual artists get to have audio recordings on spotify?
what up, killa?
Pike County is under a TORNADO WARNING until 5:45 p.m. Tracking the storm on
thanks for thaa recognition :) & yes i have missed you...
thank you so much! That means a lot!! :)
If you live in #ward3 #ward4 #ward5 or #ward7 I could use your vote THIS Sat. 3/3 at UDC Van Ness as I'm running to be a delegate to the DNC
.I will
How’s my site look on that bad boy?
#ows has always had reform & revolution camps and while I fall into the latter I encourage mutual respect between all of the 99%
& as long as comm initiatives (in program areas OR comm dept) arent explicitly funded, they risk getting sidelined.
I'll be there-excited to check out #FirstFriday and see 's great artwork displayed!
Absolutely! Hope your weekend is incredible! Great music taste btw
Ugh! 30 minutes looking for the unlimited MTA card that was given to me! #f'inglost
Metro Fair Hikes: because you just aren't paying enough for "suck" cc:
“: “: You took a minute to reply, so I'll take a minute and a half.” only bitches do that shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” I guess I'm a bitch. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
We would love a new team! Bring it!
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
aghh that's too far for me to drive. nvmd then lol
Today, the kindly desk fairy left me yesterday's newspaper.
Goodmorning my 9 followers on Twitter, it's such a glorious Sunday to be in the number 1 more time! Computer Research Lab here I come!
soon #olympic bosses will make fans derobe before walking into venues if they are wearing non-olympic sponsors.
#LiamsVoiceIsMoreSexualThanBeyonces omg i love this fandom :)
It's nothing like Hanging. That's the worst game of the bunch by far. I like Scramble even better than Words w/Friends.
#NeverShouldYouEver leave your good girlfriend for your one night stand just cus she wouldn't give you play.
HBO tonight: Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame induction ceremony featuring the Beastie Boys
#ThatSexThat you know shes not as innocent as you thought!!
Nestor: Are you at the O's game today?!
Thanks! Looking forward to it!
hey Seattle folks, do any of you know a good chiropractor in town?
I'm going to sleep Kelli.! See You tomorrow.! I love You Monster <3
knows he uses another language
why hasn't Obama admin prosecuted these #banksters? because they're all clients of the Attorney General's firm?
Do ppl still wear Afro's......1972
When you thought you knew someone & it turns out they are a complete head case. We don't care about your problems. I suggest
ARE YOU EXCITED TO BE PERFORMING #BOYFRIEND FOR THE FIRST TIME ON THE VOICE?!?!?:) 81
So, the fiction finalists were Swamplandia, DFW's uncompleted manuscript, and a Denis Johnson novella that was originally published in 2002.
Once again I will take #OWS seriously when they give back and publicly ostracize any/all support fr Communist & Nazi parties of USA
S/O to my bestfriend in the whole wide world She decided to blow up my phone in 8th period with 72 messages.
broken swamp cooler. how am i supposed to sleep?!
what's going on
Spell restaurant n..gga R.I.P patrice o'neil
We are settling into our new office in Hunt Valley. Unpacking day! bit.ly/NLMoving
I don't understand but i will just go with it ... ;D
thanks! And , we are alive and well in this twitter world.
trying 2 find a move
gracias. The flight back was terrible though
thank you thank you thank you!
Hahaha! I LOVE that one! Thank you my glorious angel!!!! :)
Lunch. :) RT : Today's special is Blackened Salmon Caesar Salad. We also have Southern Fried Chicken, Meat Loaf, & BBQ Pork Chop.
John Gruden looks like Mrs. Doubtfire.
Look for our new webpage coming soon @ www.sandiacourtyardhotel.com ... Happy Holiday to one and all!
those days are over...
Good thing we have one of the largest stores in the country and its made out of cement! It is so nice in here!
SIX DAYS NO CIGARETTES :-)
Curious about Ebooks? PPL will shed light on these curious contraptions: Friday [6/24] 12-1:30p in the Rines! Demos & experts on hand!
Happy Groundhog Day! "Don't forget your booties, cuz it's cold outside!"
nothing just bored n u :)
haha and I didn't even say hi! The panera parking lot is my "office"
Follow us at Local Business Leads online. TJ
then he'd be dead. He was very grateful for what I did.
HubSpotters may bleed HubSpot-orange, but the SCVNGR team is going to be painted in it
are you still sleeping? :)
makes me wanna bring an extra pair haha.
I love it you too use the I-pad... I returned mine... Not a touch screen guy! Oh and the finger prints doesn't help OCD! :)
Jam Session At The Grand Bohemian Orlando, Florida 8-11
Today is stupid.
is there a place that collects Sitecore modules both free and pay?
No sacrifice No victory
No matter what we breed We still are made of greed This is my kingdom come This is my kingdom come
My republican chef has banned political discussion in the kitchen today. He's in the minority here btw- Y do these guys all behave the same?
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural restrictions cannot be eliminated.
Out buying some polo swag!
yes, i have more guy friends than girl friends. no, that doesn't make me a whore.
we can have like a moment you know.
"Username or Password incorrect." TELL ME WHICH ONE YOU SON OF A BITCH.
Hi Tim! I thoroughly enjoyed your view/ approach to wine pairings in your article @ Huffington Post. Thanks for the insight!
Sure is Hell going thru the 7 phases of divorce,painting staying health and yoga ,arobics, kids baby sit,live create ,make a new world wow b
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 75
I was referring to Kathleen, sorry for mix-up.
SOPA legislation (which would essentially make prison-bound felons of anyone embedding a YouTube clip) -< not good at all
you need Auntie to put you up on some real sushi.
“: I got king kong in my trunk” I know you do!!!! Lol<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0087>
": Michael Jordan, or whomever makes the money from the sale of those shoes is a #Parasite"<-----that's the truth
that's the spirit! thanks so much :)
Nice eye Russell!! C'mon Jeet!!!!
yeah I don't know I'm only 12!
I am interested in follow4follow? do you or no? If you need more follows try the site on my profile :)
Staring into your camera and tweeting? I dig it.
I'm here! What are your lunch plans?
Stumbled up on this idea I started a while back in Logic...uh oh!! Lol
Tropical Addiction Thursdays with the best in Soca, Dancehall, and Hip Hop happens right now!
i always miss first fridays in #ROC maybe ill make it next month!
Headed to the studio to shit all on ya mixtape....Naw literary SHIT ALL ON YOUR MIXTAPE!!!!
Yep, we're trying.
haha what song
Saturday no cover until 9:30 ,Orquesta Zone D'Mambo and Daniel Boom Dj in the mix and Drink Specials every 30 minutes. So VIVA MEXICO !!
hi darling how are you doing these days? It's been a while. Hope you're well and having fun with those presentations in your head
You cant help nobody who dont wanna be helped
Stop being so Niggarant!
Watchin' the Mets play a team more anept than them! Can they find a way to lose this one folks?
I hope everyone has a beautiful day!!
best memory of last year was having the entire mk9 development team there for the whole tournament
thanks for sharing
on 2nd pot of caff... i think my eyes stopped blinking...
It's those blue candles...
Fun day! Tomorrow is my last day at avalon!
they will someday man
I imagine you saying that like the animated Guinness pitchmen of yore.
Tip: During a race, start more slowly than your goal pace and gradually build up to it.
i'm about to scold my parents on being home an hour late. if that was me, i'd be dead. you're not teaching me a good lesson.
No one wants to be on food stamps but everyone has to eat.
Matt Kemp just went young Andruw Jones in center. What a play. Great game tonight
Him [Jesus] we proclaim, warning everyone & teaching everyone w/ all wisdom, that we may present everyone mature in Christ! Col 1:28
work what is right in your life, and work harder on what is not.
Jon Major with an amazing tackle nearly taking off the RB's head
eww no you don't want to see my ugly mug!
Captive is number one and Waves is close second. I also love spineless. Well all the songs, I can't really choose<3
Morning it's day job time!!! I am blessed and headed for success!!
I liked you before Teen Hoot, but now I LOVE you. <3
Yep, deposit transactions adding up all around. At least we're only paying one school, unlike with the applications!
hahahha yea I was gonna say lol
Back in the office after a lovely vacation. Fresh coffee to hand, 403 messages in my inbox; obtaining shovel now. Charge!
A baby just crawled into my dressing room. Little perv. Haha.
don't go taking someone else's food
lmao hell ya he was tasty, why did he say something or was I just obvious! Lol
do you have any current events or tours at $30 or less per couple? Thanks!
I want revenge.
": Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order. ~Samuel Beckett"yes yes! Thanks Prince:)
4 pitch walk? Nice eye.
New Boyz are killing it right now onstage!
When Your In Love Everyday Feels Like The Perfect Day <U+2665> `
Wait... it's Tuesday? Damnation!
Oh boo...My sweet Honey BooBoo Child...I WAS NOT CALLING YOU A DOUCHE! lol
After tonight
One more meeting this afternoon for work and then I'm off to collect my Kia Optima Hybrid!
crunch gym in Chevy chase it's a lot of fun
That picture is crazy!
You are now rockin with the blessed!! #LEGGO !
I'm attending WOMMA Summit 2010: Creating Talkable Brands - Next Practices
they feel fine maybe it was just the photo?? Agh indecision !!!
THANKX FOR THE FOLLOW
Welcome to my life.
Gilfs love me
Tonight hosts and plays a showcase of sorts with comedy from and solo set. doors 8 show 9
Best comment from a Shocker fan regarding watching the KU game tonight; "I have a Patrick Swayze film festival to watch." haha
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould sent over $100,000 underrepresented students to study abroad through FEA Scholarships.
We need more curators who focus on bringing diversity to the Baltimore art scene
Listening to Bassoon music. It makes me feel both fancy and pompous, which are the two best ways to feel.
“: Oh, you drink smart water? You must shine with intelligence.” that's us.
Its so full filling when a client is genuinely satisfied with your service and will recommend you to her colleagues. Thank you Gay Carroll.
And so begins the one day a year when I stay off of the Internet because half of it is fake.
$7 gut box and Large drink at Guthrie's. Only w/ a
Just back from JDRF YLC Meeting and... Some believe the Type 2 #diabetes epidemic distracts from Type 1 research. Thoughts?
Why Dave Mustaine? Why?!?!?!?!
Best. Marvel Flick. Ever!
you put (c) but I didn't get another tweet! & same. I met some pretty amazing Mahomies on here.
hey kaelyn here subscribe to my tweets to get teen advice <3 and other tips about relationships
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Warehouse walls are all painted. Floors are being cleaned, mini tramp is being painted, and the tight wire is getting a 2nd coat tomorrow.
Had the best lunch date with <3
that series finale >>>>>
girl ...still at Cheetah <U+E40E> wt a headache
-__- lord be with you. Lol
RT : i <U+2665> chocolate dudes w/ thick , dark , god hair :-* oh & dimples . lol--->>> sounds like u describing me lol
lol what if ur not? wat r u gonna do about it?!
Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
he come up wit the most random posts....but they make sense tho
Yeah you know me! RT : I just asked my Ma something and she replied, "sho'nuff!" My mom is awesome. She's even down w/ O.P.P. Lma
great news!
I had a great time kicking off the 5k Runway Race this morning with the JFK Rotary Club.
Good morning have a great Thursday
the only free thing I got is love baby...everything else will cost ya ;)
Haven't taken the blue line in a minute
The calm before the storm
I don't get any texts from you?!
Thursday Gold at Lottie's. $6 Georgia Golds w/ an adult beverage!
Thank you Sunshine
Thanks for the retweet.
blah now to work till 7>.>
Wtf dude... Can you talk today?:/
I don't like your avatar
Why is it that only righty Doc reps insist on wearing their white coats when talking #hcr in the TV studio? Normal Docs don't need the prop
I never break a stare no no I will not allow the next person to think I'm weak
np at all i had to let the fans know it was one of the intensity's bday lol
Happy Sunday Funday everyone!
sensorship kinda sucks bro ..
Are any of you The Ready Set fans? Well I get to interview him on Sunday! Send your questions this way!
The faculty and Staff at the Academy would like to wish you all a Merry Christmas and happy holidays!
you betcha. Thanks for raking notice.
I need a little quantity right now.
Wikipedia is supposedly dark, but I can still access the mobile site just fine. Today’s featured article is Nick Drake.
Too bad you couldn't make it last night. It was one of the best we've had. Not saying those two things are connected ... ;->
12... I have a headache... I feel like punching him in the face
(2/2) lemme know so I can give your ticket to someone. Thanks! Hope all is well! ;)
If you were here with me, most Likely I would make you stay up. Just to place the cold pack on my face.
Most pointless project I've ever had .
Top 5 birthday - dinner at ' and Iris. Spicy #hollywood excitement at its best. Love you
If you haven't started organizing your receipts, NOW is the time to do it! Come see me and I can help you with your #taxes! 804 Webster St.
Aw, sweet! So weird from you ;)
well hang soon!
I bought a dog once. Named him 'Sit' "Jump, Sit." He's insane now.. like his brother, Stay.
Easy come, easy go
I have equally firm criticisms for China & the United States. But it is undeniable that West critiques China as if it were sport.
: your mothers bitch
well my table was comped, so I won't be ably to tell you about price. Anything else is fine
Fullerton?! How the heck did I miss this?!?!
OH: "I need to do his man bun"
haha have fun! Such an exciting week for you :D
"...the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations." Rev 22:2
Going to bed early to get up early and see everyone's favorite weird uncle, Vice President Joe Biden.
Law & order #svu has a marathon everyday
At playland seeing some awsome live music!
RT : whenever you make a mistake don't worry about covering it up, God wants to cover you
- Haha How Old Are You.?
A big thanks to everyone who came out to our party last night! We had a great time meeting everyone!
Bill Belamy asked "Who got Jokes?"-- I'm still waiting on my answer. Yes, I have TVone jokes. Shout out to Tom "Thats My Joke Now" Joyner.
you have an amazing voice. We love you. Please follow us?
Moving to NYC is officially set in stone in my head. So,I'm not stopping until I get there <U+270C>
S/o to my latest follower
KK Bitch Have Fun
Also, template for a great BG dunk: jump, insert forearm into neck of opponent, throw them down, then dunk.
im so superman...
hahaha they look better than my fingerpainted Picasso
he doesn't have super powers without his sweater vest on!
"Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught." …
Sex aint always the key, Love first
thank you :) how's life?
U.N. warns on mutant strain of bird flu goo.gl/fb/yI7Mq
I support you biking to work & will give you a wide birth as I pass. But ride in the middle of the road & you're my new hood ornament. Deal?
Well, A&M went down 2 goals then turns on the fire. Game is now tied. Most productive offense in the country finally comes to life.
Laziness is very contagious
Auburn vs Bama and Oregon vs Oregon St.. My day is set
i hate you Damian....
Congrats on your #stache award! We miss you in MKE already--can't wait for 2012 season!
All in attendance tonight to receive free Jack in the Box tacos after score 93 points.
RT": worse then the time I lost my fanny pack #missthemalready" can't be replaced <U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
not quite yet, but im getting the hang of it! Chair sucked in labor room, but i have a full uncomfortable couch in our new room!
Come Visit One of The Best Hotels in Gwinnett County!!!
Cerus (NASDAQ:CERS) entered into agreements with Ilex Biotech to distribute INTERCEPT for platelets & plasma in South Africa & Israel
Where are you heading to? Somewhere warm and sunny I hope!
Yes. So cute
#ThankYouAustin for helping me believe I dont have to listen 2 any haters & to always dream big & if you do theyll come true x
Who would ever imagine the Fresh Beat Band is a tougher ticket then the Linsanity New York Knicks!
Hey Dylan :)
ugh so bored chicken 24 hashahahahahah fruit cakes
#Fluke azz Shit! ..Just been happening! ..Back to Back!
the new blog is up and running - some thoughts from the swrve crew on the state of the games ecosystem; more on the way.. blog.swrve.com
I have bipolar issues. This morning I'm sad and now I'm happy as ever.
wait... they have souls? Lol you know I am just joking.
just asking , i miss you!
And he shall be Levon. And he shall be a good man.
This is an emotional generation
Did you switch to AT&T? I was planning to go with Comcast because they have a higher usage cap (250GB/mo vs 150GB/mo).
So there's a new qualification flight attendants need these days: #IT support skills--#AA flight attendant successful got my neighbor online
Merry Christmas!!!
Ha! We might think about if you come in :)
my friend was there, he said you did good! :D
seriously got that magenta feeling right now
Hi to new followers
“ this is about the bike messenger by Jimmy's house isn't it?
Go to www.watchnhllive.com the links to all tonights hockey games will be up just register and enjoy the games!!!!
A walk on the weird side
i was invited to do water polo by my pool teacher :cc i don't wanna go
President Obama lays out the blueprint for an America built to last
Thanks! RT : welcome!!! I was wondering when my church was going to show. Ready for #CUMC to trend.
Not Me I Want Him To Be With The Iconic Boyz
Tough face
Fourteen minutes <3
What up boy boy....
A "bar fight" doesn't even begin to describe how ugly this game has been.
RT : I think it can attract people who are more interested in being part of a "happening" than simply being audience.
I haven't seen your life, but now I can send you a birthday card yay
l would stand corrected, but you're sitting so far below me.
Best rappers in the burgh?
Authors/illos of color who won non-ethnic ALA awards: G. Neri, Allen Say, Paul Yee. Plus our own was a Morris finalist.
Can we also ban 2000 words essays on the same thing?
This Bitch gone act like she never loved me, tf you was whooped Nigga
People forget who really is there for them
handed out men's bathroom key.
thanks! We give it out to people who want quotes or want service.Our #, It's our cell phone that doubles for our business!
Help us revolutionize the way that #indie #filmmakers release their content to the world. Join our mailing list. Allowing submissions soon!
I've only been to one, sharks v. blue jackets, but it was the best sporting event I've been to.
cant wait! Can you follow me back? <3
The problem with hiding your real motives is that you're essentially keeping a secret. And that'd s bad news for your brain.
Where are you?
been laying low for a while. Waiting for the weather to warm up.
Thanks for saying hello Lance! What the heck. Lol. I'll let you guys get back to it now.
at least do the under body to keep salt from rusting out the bottom.
Charles II, King of England issued an order outlawing Coffee Houses. He said that they were spots where people met to plot against him.
Newt got a standing O
naw, on my way to the gym on muni
Hit him left shoulder and he went below immediately. Sox TV broadcast in Chi covered it well...
Yuck? No bless me? lol.
alright, whenever our next Metro or HOB show is and our new album is out we should take care of this!
“: Do yourself a favor this weekend and go see starring the talented ...a fellow AZ grad gettin' it done."
No lie, Twitter is the only thing that's keeping me up.
Listening to a really interesting show on lobbyists and congress. 90.9 - Tune in now! nprnews
Just finished Lev Grossman's The Magicians, my 81st read of the year. Good story & writing. Not a bad way to spend last day of 2011.
ill be in louisville, goin just as hard bc I'm surrounded by card fans
Hahaha I should have!!!! That would be a fun picture to have!!!!! :)
RT : The status-quo has lasting power because complacency is very seductive; it's all too easy to rest on laurels. Keep...
Saw Rock n Roll Hall of Fame on HBO. Too sad to see Beastie Boys w/ MCA. Great performances not 2 B missed! Peppers killed!
MY HAIR IS LOSING VOLUME FUUUUUUCK.
Wisdom knowledge and overstanding is the greatest gift ever
followed c:
Drugs I do them bitches I screw them
Well goodnight I tried #MuchLove<U+2665>
mother of peril...that'll be to late...I'll be leaving then
Drilling… packages… Santorum… is this some kind of sick, fucked up, political porno?
I need the money, time and patience to cook from-scratch meals everyday. Sending prayers up. LOL!
Ephesians 4:29 Let no corrupting talk come out of your mouths, but only such as is good for building up, as fits the occasion, that it may g
....Bernie Federko would agree with me on this lol!
So true!
We could use more Donald Drivers. Period.
Cannot wait for tomorrow! then with , and - it's gonna get cray cray.
“: Things change, friends leave BUT Life doesn’t stop for anybody.”
Love it! A guitar and fishing pole...nothing beats it! Life is good at Pensacola Beach!
#truth but of course I can't RT you! Quit being so private and cool, gosh
A couple more hours to come down and see us at the #SLCBridalMall. Don't miss out on the amazing wedding ideas and great giveaways!
that is so rad!! :) keep rockin!
Just noticed that "Friends of Weird Life" has a good acronym: "FoWL". Ha!
I feel bad for the #BeastieBoys guy and all, but I wish everyone didn't feel the need to play his music constantly now.
Thanks for the #FF love and I'm now following some pretty cool Boston folk on your recommend list...one of them from my alma mater
that's not what they want you to tweet. they want you to say you are excited for the 2013 Conference USA football season.
I could read 's tweets for hours. :)
May have had best brunch ever.
"Oh, I share your disgust, June."
IF U IN TALLY & WANNA PURCHASE A #DONTKILLMEWITHIT SHIRT HIT UP ONLY SELECTIVE COLORS AVAILABLE FOR MEN & WOMEN!!
I'm hitting you up, bro c: long time, no talk!
Finally find some time to tweet our BREAKING NEWS: entire block of parkland Dr. In verona is evacuated due to a natural gas leak.
Just picked up new print an A/P taboot! Super Stoked.
BJ and Mort are going to Upper 90 before the game. How does that sound? See you there a little after 6?
So many!! But I'm gonna change it up and say Tara- she had so much strength of character!
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before. - James Buckham
There are always great "finds" in the discount bins!
I'm embarrassing. It's the only way.
I'm really hoping that sign wasn't out in front of a hookah bar.
So excited to hear speak tonight about his book, Instant City!
hell yea
Hitting the gym
The Artist won best picture. I think because it's the only movie with a dog as a main cast member. Shout out to
Obstacles can’t stop you. Problems can’t stop you. Most of all, other people can’t stop you. Only you can stop you. ~Author Unknown
Life's A Bitch, If It Was Easy It'd Be A Slut Just Like Youu.
I love you <3
“: I dnt care bout being called ugly” They got Chueee fCkd Up !!
I want to design all my presentations. They would be so much more interesting!
Preparing Raleigh's #toomanyvictims vigil in at the United Church of Christ on Wade & Dixie. NBC17 is here. Kid's lives > gun profits.
oh man
Thanks great to see you too! :D
ADAM RUBIN IS WORKING MY LAST NERVE. MY LAST DAMN NERVE. Why even comment that Jose is better than David?
Ill grab your butt too Lol god knows what I would do if I was drunk :o LOL
Aw, we almost went there! Happy Easter to #TeamLeon!
!!! I can't wait till Popstar Magazine!!!!!!
You can't tell me nothing...
... and those of lower socioeconomic status more than those from upper classes.
what's the outlook on being able to schedule pinterest pins via hootsuite? Hope u enjoyed the rest of #sxsw! cc:
Happy to do it!
If its a pun I'm quick to the...heh....PUNch.
you already know! #whiterose on deck!!!
Best sushi -- Ebisu in the sunset
Sucks when people break into your car, but we let you compare glass shops in your area for the cheapest price. www.glass.net
Amazing job at cherry middle school you have a gift of entertaining keep doing yo thing! & u rocked cherry u have to come back!
Every other month I get obsessed with a new member like I love them all but like theres always one I wanna marry. Haha&this month its Zayn(;
Funny how you never see anyone filling out time sheets on
or my lack of exercise and dieting since um, last september. Ashamed.
Ima give you my heart 'till it beats no more...
itz 40 min all multiple choice but 1 of those questions she has to fix bc I knw its wrong
I agree...I'll go for meals, but only if I have to. It's an over glorified diner. And, I've had better meals at diners.
Just got the new Twitter lay-out. What was the point? It looks like they just flipped the sides things were on...
can't got class
The fact that you shut off access to Pandabar, which was way more useful than your website, shows how pathetic you are.
that aint nice.
Here's an old-fashioned way to increase sales...increase your customer service and attention. It always works!
. dig through the minutia to find what's important it's important to remind people why we're here
Amyclae. D&G. Do you want your music?
Smh , My Best'Friends Stressing Me Out , Why They Gotta Put Me In The Middle Of They Bs ..
Flipsyde now on mobile. Text getflipsyde to 88704. Oakland Hip Hop/Rock. Check them out.
LOL RT Surprised wife by folding all the laundry. She thanked me, patted my head, informed me it was dirty laundry.
made my civic duty.
Geeze, what's up w/ people & entitlement? U have a pathetic mortgage app, but feel entitled 2 homeownership? It's not 2005 anymore Dorthy!
Hank takes order from a higher authority (Kipp)
hey boo wasup? & thanks :*
please follow me! Your my fav actress and your gorgeous!
oh man. Not being there is tearing me apart.
Couldn't agree more! RT ...Each school & the conference office should have someone whose primary focus is New Media #MACMeetings”
not useed to this,i usually don't fall asleep until like 7 I the morning and wake up around 4,now it's the other way around.
Allergies are makin my eyes tear! like nutso! I love you summer but I hate you pollen!
:) The newswatch never stops
Agreed. And I don't really care if he does hah.
The Great State Of New Jersey always comes out on Top. #GardenStateRules!
one of the greatest freedom is truly not caring what anyone else thinks of you.
Enjoyed hearing over a good cup of coffee
It is better to spend 7 years studying some works of Ibn Arabi, al Farabi, or St. Anselm, or Meister Eckert than get a PhD.
please follow me :) tanks
Great to meet you as well!
Watching Wedding Crashers while works on some freelance
Lmfaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo really! That tweet<<<<< hypocrite ass nigga!! WTF are u??
Does it matter? ;-) ": If ur not watching the SDSU game, what r u doing?"
okay I drew back on the game lol(: so your coming over at ten tomorrow?
I am great... How are you and your daughter
nope sorry :( what is it?
We've got the Halas, now it's off to Dallas. Congratulations NFC Champion GREEN BAY PACKERS!
hey Jason! I was wondering what is your current song at the moment?
Miami Thursday after school :)
Have fun tonight Dani! You win Prettiest eyes, best eyelashes, best looking, most likely to be awesome!
Did you party a little too hard last night for St. Patty's Day? A cup of tea can help settle your stomach and keep you hydrated!
Heyy i just met you and this is Crazy but here's my number so Call Me, Maybe?
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
This game is INSANE
If anyone can make it to 51st and 7th in the next 8 min., I have an extra ticket to 'Wicked.'
then he's only a good solo player, meaning he's nowhere near as close to a leader as what Lebron was in Cleveland
We have the most popular moth in Jax......
The last seven months have been amazing, I wish you never had to leave :]<3
Oh not making it this year? You another of the West Coast casualties?
good. I'm ready for bed!!
Fck all the bullshit im just trying to eat lol
The hardest thing I ever done is hold myself together when I was falling apart, and that only makes me stronger.
just had lunch in WeHo. Sorry to say the reuben sandwich was pretty awful- all grease and fat. Not much in way of good meat!
The under dogs came through Bentley!
Give your wife what she wants. A face lift...on yourt home. You like it we Love it.
Whew, we've moved on to Hall and Oates.
hey txt me if u got ur fone
live it up then RT Im livin it up for my folks :-) RT : Having fun during graduation season huh?
Private or public: Pilots are powerful
We just had a great luncheon with our Sisters For Success group to study digital marketing, networking & masterminding. Photos will follow.
If you still need somebody I can play. Where at?
I guess I'm the only one at my school who doesn't like their vagina out.
lol...that sure is option number one
RT : Bill Ludwig with USDA says his job is to feed hungry children.
I so co-sign that!!! RT : I'm never GoinG to be a morninG person
I don't know, but I'm obsessed.
I will see about that and get back to you
Grandy just hit a ball to the upper deck... Wow.
So nice to meet and (be forced to) sing for this weekend.
#UglyPeopleExcuses "I look like this because I'm not trying to impress nobody"
9 Medical Benefits including Telahealth for less than the price of one pizza per month for the entire family with Zero Co-pay
Kevin and Frank deserve medals for working with Mark (the Nashville version of Skip Bayless)
thanks for the pep talk
thank you! // : A Matter of Time by Nancy Rae. I've not read it myself, though.
good luck!
Wow such sad news. The Beastie Boys were legendary when I was growing up. Adam was a true engineer of music
Pshaw. Btw, I've got chick-fil-a goods for you, but you must be social to receive
Flaming Lips tomorrow on the National Mall. Let me know if you're interested in joining my journey to a land of free music.
it would be on the beach
Gossamer - July 24. About damn time.
Is this thing on?
Last night's walk home highlight: 5 people passing by on Ralph's motorized shopping cart + extra room in front basket = mass transit.
"Whenever we step closer to the "fires" of the world, we step closer to that slippery slope ofsin."
at least 70% of all our new business comes from social media.
but really, I'm obsessed with it hahaha
now that this big weight is off my chest...I can go back to living
see? Have you done the Usher-Let Me See song yet?(:
m :) arthurs breakfast!! Love hot cakes!!
Wylie leads Liberty Hill 27-19 at the break. Jordan Redmond leads Lady Panthers with 8 points. LH held A&M signee Peyton Little to 5.
don't do it..only 10 more days
Music is the fuel of champions
I think my twitter app is eating some of my tweets. Le sad.
they should be hoping that he isn't suspended more than 2 games, not 1
Celebrating graduation with my favorites
anyone else think that adam levine is a horrible live singer?
Thanks! The city does have some strict requirements for chickens. I'd take fresh honey over eggs any day though!
Grass cut. 2 yards of dirt shoveled. New grass planted. Patio set built. Now a quick nap before I bartend at tonight.
Got a spam email from a dude named "Max Gentleman" asking if I want a bigger johnson. Not very gentleman-like, Max.
Oh man...thats the worst!! Thank God for eyebrows!!!
Fuck everything else. I JUST MISS YOU.
No problem! They're good friends of mine and make insanely cute stuff. I just wish I lived on the East Coast and could go to cons
Fuck a dream. I'm making this reality.
Especially sushi: RT : RT : I'm so over conveyor belt sushi. Food should not be conveyed.
Finished studying(: Hope I do good on this test tomorrow! Pray for me <3 Goodnight guys!
just got back from lifting... getting buff and taking names, ya'll know how i do
Justin has no fans? RIGHT. He has no fans. Cause fans leave. But he has his flawless Beliebers who'll stay by his side forever. <U+2665>
There has to be a better way than the 9-5 grind of the drone worker bee. But are you willing to find it?
“ Thanks so much! More travel adventures to come.
follow back? (:
Also #Pickerington has an <18 population of 31% which is also among the highest in the state - too bad we can't pass a levy
Still love u minnie me : ) , regardless as to wat happen I been there for u and still will be if u need me
The only man I would be ok giving executive power to is the man who doesn't want it, so I'm voting for him.
I'm supposed to stop sayin shit like that but fuck it
i also can't wear eye makeup for a week, so i'm pretty excited about my life right about now. not.
No signs allowed above first floor in Illinois Capitol building? Last I checked free speech wasn't grounded.
is there a waiting list I can sign?
I'm going to leave my car in the self storage unit until i get back from LA New Years one less headache to stress me.
#WhenIWasLilttle I was little, duh.
No joy...had quesadillas last night. Oh...and fresh fruit.
Love it when my daughter's kickball practice turns into a #Blackboard ANGEL product focus group!
Sure! Such a happy shot. :-)
you're welcome. :)
Enjoyed spending time with family this weekend.
Coffee and ideas appear to have a direct relationship.
See the Disney Dancers, Racing Sausages, Ronald McDonald, Santa Claus and more at the Holiday Parade on Saturday--9:30 am in downtown MKE.
ALFAPAC GOLF outing 3rd place and closest to pin. A little bling to bring home
hoping for ohs or strict press today. things i really want to work on getting heavier. i cant seem to PR on my strict press :-/
So we're heading to Cooper's?
I need a chick to fuck me good!give me good conversation!and pick me up when im down! now thats ride or die!
At a gas station letting mom take a nap. She scares me so bad.:/
exactly! now if i was expecting orange juice....
that awkward moment when someone in a flash mob is really off...
QUESTION: A few Reps who voted to kill $$ get federal farm subsidies. Should they stand on their own, too?
Hawk Cards, Get Your Hawk Cards Here
can't wait for baytl
Soy un perdedor. I'm a loser, baby.
omg Kayla got the house rocking wit her breakfast oooowwwww
Dreamt about ponchos. Must be spaghetti western withdrawal.
Breaking News! We also deliver for The Soup and Stock Market! Their menus are being entered right now!
That is absolutely correct. Good call.
Where is the event tonight and do you register/donate?
Madigan emphasizes JCAR will be sufficient check & balance...Healthcare not contractually guaranteed. Repub: Ppl feel it was, feel sold out.
that's why I had the tag on of regardless of background. I'm thinking financially.
Hey sorry I missed the tweet, that was smart marketing! Next time :) flight is boarding for
+Everything RT on a related note, I fucking hate Family Guy and Seth McFarlane
Tribe needs another rally to keep this game going. Com'on boys let's get er done.
Of course! The Chic'
I want to tweet all the time, but then I get nervous and don't.
Buford's stroke is wet.
#WhyAreYou still here I asked you to leave an hour ago....WE'RE over you dumb fuck...
covering breaking news: a deadly shooting in S.Side Milwaukee. Tune into ten at 10:00 for a live report from Stephanie Brown!
Damn, we have the save problem! lmao
Don Trip - Letter To My Son ft. Cee-Lo
cool let me know, so i can catch up with you. I'll hit up Rob.
how about lunch on Friday at 1230p at the varsity with and I?
my bad, it was a rough night
Thank you! love seeing your posts :)
HOLD DID YOU HEAR HIM SAY THE HEATS WILL WHEN THE CHAMPIONSHIP #TEAMMIAMIABY<3 - Jaz'men Ajana Jackson-
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the discount code tweet for $5 off your entry fee. Good for any of the distances until midnight.
Gotta love & her crazy tweets
yeah, I know. But now we don't even know if we are going to cedar point?
I like it!
“: yeah we're gonna cheat... Hardcore. What class were we in?” heaard that.
Getting caught in those "it's not what it looks like" moments
mom banned me from having candles in my room..because I almost turned myself into house of wax.
Stats are unbiased facts, what's better to go by? Schaub is around the 10th best QB. 13th or 14th is too harsh.
I've been kinda busy with school and stuff.. I forgot the password to my twitter that's why I haven't been on in awhile lol
Cutting out on red meat lengthens your life!
please follow me back. Thanks!
“: nick: fell in the pool and broke my $900 macbook lol #WackyWednesday” LOLL
Let's go k u boys
Worth the RT. RT : A novel is that rare place where you can simultaneously find yourself and lose yourself. via
Its official! I will be at the New Jersey State Fair!
That's great! We can learn so much about our own writing by looking at how others construct arguments
Have Fun :) nd can u follow me back pls ..
Boehner called the "war on women" as something created by the Dems. Further proof that he just doesn't have a clue.
the arrow landed on me lol
<---- Is hungry great timing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Manus Manum Lavat => Literally Hand washes Hand, one hand washes the other, scratch my back and I'll scratch yours
Like idea of requesting/requiring/expecting a reflection piece in every #ePortfolio entry.
thank you
haha“: If you stay through the credits of BATTLESHIP, Nick Fury shows up with Yahtzee.”
on ya game. Not 1 but 2 for drew.
sounds good and you have plenty of time to train. i suggest running in shoes to stay injury free this time!
Fuck it its 5 o clock somewhere
Howdy Austin!
When I think Viognier I think all the best in white-floral, stone fruit, round, and a hint of crisp citrus.
WHY IS THE HEAT ON IN THE LIBRARY WHEN IT'S 82 DEGREES OUTSIDE??
what did it say?!
happens to me all the time ;) ahhahaha
whales must eat some pretty good stuff,wonder how they collect this whale vomit #wheresthatfact?
Fam owes me $20 but he so hurt over these #bulls I'm actually feeling bad about collecting it
Watching all the seniors walk out the door..:(...Imma miss them.. #classof2012 ..>>>
ok i think u are cute
i miss you
Got this movie and watched it last weekend. Dramatic and tense, though I was expecting more acting. (Next?)
Right back at ya! RT : kewlpeeps2
Add firetrucks and ambulances..damn I wish I was working the ER this morning
Whoa. This is a lot of dust.
six called Alex.He has autism."
: Mostly disagree. But it depends on the artist and what his goals are. Personally, I say school for arts are lame.
WHOA! Rumor is Paul and Lamar to NOLA in exchange for CP3!!!
Just saw someone driving down 94 with a dogsled strapped to their roof. #wheretheheckaretheygoing?
Driving Mamaw around tomorrow, then softball banquet:)
RT : the theme of this game so far is 3 and out
When it comes to killing fleas-you must treat the yard, house and the pet to stop the Flea life cycle. Your pets will be happier when u do!
Consider me single tonight.
I guess it depends what u wntd. I like the audio quality, has a lot of older music. Not 2 much new though. Wht disappointed?
I can has internshipz? [Best Job Application EVER!]
Me and are goin shopping tonight i hope goes with us anyone else wanna come
Am I Hotspacho?
Thank you, for In a sea of #LiberalMedia, Fox stands apart. Thanks! #gop #tcot #teaparty RT
first time getting white gummy bear
Feel like I sold my soul to the Tasmanian Devil. I'll never look at domestic salmon the same way again.
And that is what you call a banana
With a nice family outing! | “: Mother's day is fast approaching. How are you planning to celebrate your Mami?”
The party is still going....Sunday Daylife - come get wet!
#business2012 2012 was educational to say the least, a wealth of new ideas motivations and some sound advice from #lordsugar worth the trip
Where are your library's bookmarks pages? Del. display of marks on webpages never showed all at one time. tag prob.
I was dressed as the Christmas story leg lamp
im tryin..im goin to the doctor thursday
Thank you for coming to the Rauh Lecture on Monday. We will post photos shortly.
I mean you only live once, that's the motto
you got james johnson huh.... interesting but i dont know if he can come out of the shadows behind sheard unless he gets ints
This week is going to be crazy busy, I can tell already
I love lifetime movies, I'm watching high school hookers haha it's a good movie :)
Your pants should never have more than one "break" above the shoe. Sagging pants are simply "unacceptable."
In OT, Denver defeats San Diego 16-13. The legend of Tim Tebow continues. #everydayimtebowing #tebowinginjanuary?
I haven't talked to her in a minute I heard she hates me
well I'll give one thing if I'm not mistaken it's the Nike jersey just got a whole box of stuff Colts dolphins and my gf's NYG
RT : Just wait until R November elections...and by 2012, I predict that Obama willBhistory>can we last that long?
silence is golden. And that shit is like a thousand dollars an ounce. hearing from old friend in LA worth much more
People talk about my ex and try to rub it in my face like it's going to hurt my feelings. . . . Go ahead with your bad self.
Early reports on Sergio #Perez condition positive, conscious, speaking with medical team via #F1 Formula One
You're doing a great job with the #Facebook class! Thanks!
Looking at this computer screen got my head hurting like hell
Staying home again! Getting serpents shadow today!!!!!;)
We're going to go shopping at #oldnavy. :-)
"Blessed is the season which engages the whole world in a conspiracy of love!" ~ Hamilton Wright Mabie
I miss my nick boo too
4 years later and I still love Crystal Martin.
This dude just made my day!
Winner of this game wins the series? Agree or disagree?
Beautiful day in Cali.
Merrill Reese has just announced the only difference between the ufc and football is there's more fisting
Happiness! Listening to talented food leaders from
Maps unlock seafloor secrets off Oregon
Worst part about falling asleep to music is I wanna sing along. Goodnight :)
So farmers imagined they had people picking them 2 summers ago?
Whats new on the Horizon for you?
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
gresh all day
Riley I have a fever:( what do I do
at Walmart !
Rachel O'Drywer discusses spectrum as commons, underutilization, and the command-and-control model for distribution
Can u like come to Memphis sometime?.... Oh! By the way Good Morning
I heard that is coming! O_O
$BAC and $YHOO taking trading positions!
Some guy just honked at a cripple guy crossing the street and looked to me for approval.
I haven't been to NYC in a long while. I'll have to find a reason to visit soon. It seems like you're having fun there.
I agree he's divisive! Lot of plans that are different! But I think it's not just him its ALL our government! Congress and him!
oh yeah definetly :D
Helping get her rolling on twitter during class >>>>
understand.. Uk is very patient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
This shit is bananas. B-A-N-A-N- i'm hungry.
very cool. will let her know
The debut of Bryce Harper. Strasburg, Kemp, and Ethier at Dodger Stadium. Must see !
“: 11:11 #makeawish” don't tell me what to do!
thanks Joe!! You as well! Many blessings my dear ;o)
Shades of those 1st-round home games vs. Hawks in 2008, when Celtics beat Hawks in all four games at the Garden by an average of 25 points.
can't root for the 2 traitors Young and Withey
what time does the set start?
I still haven't fucking slept. School is gonna be wonderful today.
UNSIGNED ARTISTS LOOKING FOR OVERSEAS GIGS-----> TKO ENTERTAINMENT IS YOUR OVERSEAS SUCCESS SOURCE-----> add & message me now!!!
What movie is it?
Now following!
User #Twitter to ask for help and resolve #business problems.
thats true. Without passion for music there is nothing.
yeah but i don't get what it's showing..
One of the most important things to remember with penny stocks is to be patient as long as your original profit thesis remains intact $$
Los Alamos, Santa Fe County firefighters are posted throughout Los Alamos to protect homes; police, Guardsmen are patrolling town...
Interestingly, more than a few librarians & archivists I know are badass Derby chicks. Came to work all banged up, confused ppl.
I just earned the Shopping Spree Bonus at Balloon Sing-O-Gram in MyTown2.
up from my nap. Lol
you ain't wanna go
Bout to get some starbucks, then get a lil sun, do some work, and then meet up wit the boo for the Heat game tonight...
"Break in Two" will make its Rialto Theater debut today! An original tune by Ashleigh Ashton!
Haha, no, it's because it said II so I was like, there isn't a second one. -.- Lol. :D
Thanks for the RT :)
Agreed in both accounts:-)))
Gettin up with Photographer Derek Tull this week to do the cover for the new record im droppin soon
The lucky one came out today!
its beneficial for everyone we get the concert meet our future husband &get some exercise & they dont have to hear nagging
Welcome to the team Rachel Ryan, Tidah Adipat, Chris Edwards, Jim Byerly, and Stacey Soto!!!
Friday needs to come sooner
Practice makes perfect, but nobody is perfect so why practice
We're honored to have earned that hashtag! RT : #bestmeal2011 French onion soup dumplings
Thanks Mike. It's such good news for the local economy.
Thanks for the follow, Mindy I like the idea of your creativity co-op.
Serge Ibaka hasn't seen a pump fake he didn't like. He can block a lot of shots, but I think he's very overrated on defense
maybe the 1st thing i can do is get 2 know your website :)
One Time to Turn To You <3 His voice may have changed but he's still kidrauhl <3 So proud of that boy
New favorite phrase: "Silly Whore-Biscuit"
What's worse? Seeing "I" being used as an objective pronoun or seeing the phrase "graduate from"?
Bush celebrated victory in Iraq on a carrier and war still isn't over
You in trouble? C'mon they can't touch you. :) But yeah disgusted is not a good look. Real, but not good.
Who me?
Had a great workout with my client tracey edmonds this am!!! Damn her body is looking fierce!!!! Love that commitment!!!
RT :RT : Buy tickets for Transatlantic Coffee at Hollywood's Chinese Theaters on
This week's best London events, from CircusFest in Camden to late-night culture in Kensington: London editor Joh..
Richard von Weizscker~ Whoever refuses to remember the inhumanity is prone to new risks of infection.
haha that's ok I forgive you :P
Have a safe, sound and scrumptious Thanksgiving!
thanks! I agree, best food truck ever. On my way to Awtk mkt to pick up rest of nut what's order... Yum!
Can I hit it in the Mornin?
Badgers Lee Evans his senior year vs Michigan State. 5 TDs. They should have tried covering him though.
I don't give a fuck god sent me to piss the world off.
Super excited for the social media symposium tomorrow !
that's too easy. I need a goal. LOL
trending in
Yup. RT : DeAndre Jordan, getting paid $10 million, has played a total of 3 4th quarter/OT minutes in 4 close playoff games.
Had a dream I was in a sauna last night. Turns out this is because I have a fever.
Going out for coffee with a friend, I mean.
The green light coming from under the escalator is more entertaining than watching green lantern.
good call on Barnes. Might even be a poor man's Williams
& now maybe you should say something nice about me since you think you gotta make me & our relationship look bad.
All the Mahomies who were Mahomies yesterday and true, because I feel like there's gonna be a lot of new "Fans" after #SaySomethin! back up!
OOH so the UK? Now that's a pretty big difference from the north west I had in mind lol.
all good, jon.. jason's a good dude
plz RT --> “: All we need is one person with a TON of follwers to RT and get them to vote and Scott is a semifinalist #NOTHARD”
Wow Kobe went full retard there...but Denver holds on
follow me
I wish Victoria won "/
This bitch wanna b hood so bad
Kotchman has a damn fine glove!
Tmrw we'll be harvesting greens w kids & proving that they're delicious no matter what your age. Wanna try our #recipes? Come to Marion 5-7!
Looking for the Giants to go 2-0 in the same day.
Cheers to MLK Day! Celebrate your day off at one of our partner bars and send/receive drinks for $1!
I must work too early. I swear I just saw Santa waiting for the shuttle.
How many fed'l judges are bucking the OSCAR system for clerkship apps? Just heard from a little birdie that it's a growing trend ... on GP.
hahaha hes the nicest guy ever & an awesome singer (: i met him last month.
is it general admin or seated?
Password strength. It's not the entropy, it's the size that matters. Https://www.grc.com/haystack.htm
Textin Me Back So Slow
Today the American President gave us a clear choice. President Obama stands for liberty & justice for all, Mitt Romney stands in opposition.
omg.. U are a trooper I'm obsessed
Excited to be on my way up to #SMWNYC, lots to learn this week, and hopefully something worthwhile to share too
I heard the
hi i want followers
I have to read notes I took at conferences (in the dark ages) before tossing them. Funny thing--not much changes.
This is my 1000th tweet how exciting :)
It's silly but they just do!
I aint been banging twitter out latly been having alot of shit going
Thanking God everyday for my family, my health, my trials, my success, my tears, my laughter...everything which makes me & helps me grow.
Siri is so sweet to me I love her<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What a great fall day (minus the slightly cloudy conditions!) -- going on a jog with my late afternoon client, should be a blast!
Also, I LOVE #Rabil. But I could've been playing a fun game of "where is Paul looking when he's not talking" today.
my nose is running ):
lol ah I see !!
RT "It's pretty sad state of affairs when modern pop music makes me thankful I grew up with Kajagoogoo." - Too shy shy to admit.
"I'll make it easy. I'll stay me." I love Luke Bryan :)
The reason why the birds are angry is because their eggs keep getting stolen. Why so angry? It's free birth control!
wow just wow lol
Just be still with me, you wouldn't believe what I've been through.
Not moving to Austria...
can't do no favors
Your niggasz hating my niggasz balling .
What class are you in now? I noticed you're not in my ops management course. Are you just in a different classroom?
I'd also like to note these kids are tighter than some adults I've seen play here & doing 3 part harmonies without any monitors.
Glad to see I'm not alone on here right now... -JO
Jim Dutton of Texas Home Improvement talks about home repair scams Saturday at 2pm Central on The Consumer Team, 570 KLIF...
National Scotch day?? Srsly? If I'd known I would've bought a bottle of my favorite... too late now, though.
Zach has done it again! Listening to Beirut's The Rip Tide. Musical genius.
“: thanks to " thanks for mention!
Finally got twitter to work on my iPhone
I love Hellcats
maybe you were adopted and don't know chinese :D
cool me to
Up Thinking of ways I can improve myself personally & professionally.
So...., I hear you're starting the limbo at prom with your cane?
K. Haje and I were in a carpool together in Jr. High. I might have seen early sleeve-pulling. I may remember under hypnosis. @ @
That's from Sesame Street, right?
she from another set lol
Rad bands, moshing, mini blizzard and french toast with some amazing people! Lawton rules!
Gerber Technology marks milestone in cutter production
I don't know about cancer, but it is pretty terrible for your diet. Healthy is good. Starvation is not.
Taking conspiracy theories... Moss video was mysteriously deleted. Drew re-uploading now. Hang tight.
I'm at the ScraperWiki #jdcdc at the Very cool so far!
Got the new video ready for tomorrow!
slushies after school tomorrow?
This damn headache!!!
Make "digital citizens" (vs. students) part of your library's language. Ross Todd
School assembly about getting us to donate organs and blood.
I met him...and have his autograph.
Thanks for all the cool things you guys did to make #SuitedforSpace happen in California!
lol I felt like an old fuck leaving so soon, but God damn, I can only stand in a massive crowd suffocating for so long
#thatcampgames Gaming as scaffolding/skillbuilding: Level 1=jumping, Level 2=double-jump - can we use this mechanic to teach writing?
Then there's the "badass with a dark shadowy past who's surprisingly intelligent and incredibly attractive."
Molly scored 2 goals and had 2 assists in the first half of her lacrosse game (a 3rd goal was nullified). Great game!
ringringring!!! Hi!! Thanks for the follow! talk soon!! xxoxoxoxox
Please humor me with how u think our soldiers treat civilians?!?! I'm sure the tape will be edited the way u want!
Oh no! We hope you find someone to take you! You can't deny a Quaker Steak & Lube craving!
I'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me... And I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
Oh shitsandwich, that is terrible!
I FOLLOW Back Bay !!
In Kenmare, Ireland eating mussels -
they are counting N.I.T. Championships also, at one time that was bigger than the NCAA championship, still lame!
I also have no homework! Yaaaaaay :)
Fa la la la la la la
What what?!
#HappyMothersDay to every mother that interacts with their children, monitor there tv, Internet, and video game intake daily!!
DEAR PERIOD, WHY DID U HAVE TO BE MADE IN A GIRL BODY?! From, Girls All Around the world
I'm so tired of double plays.
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile French-kiss her other lips 30 different ways.
p.s. When i get an iPhone does that mean i should sell my iTouch?
"Whether you think you can or can’t, you’re right.” You have to believe that you’re going to be successful
You sound crazy all the time ha RT : Today I am not me. So excuse me if I sound crazy.....
GAH. So. Much. Food
The things GIRLS WILL DO FOR MONEY.. #SAD#
where is my topsoil
& Togetha at da same time. i call that a double stacker. rotflmao!
Have been on it for 6 years. Went from 20mg to 40 after first year. Worked until now developed a cough and dr. said it is time to change
And a couple more on the way. :D
Saying --NO-- to School Bullying says it out loud that we will not be idle about the issue.
Had fun tonight, finally going to bed.
Still working on packaging, hard to find what I want. More changes too. I'm working against and around the clock!
Uggh. I'm getting a slow start this morning. I'm kind enough to myself to know that I can give myself a little break.
follow me?
Did I tell my Twitter friends that I'm going to be at LABBX in August? I'm facilitating the workshop-Marketing and Publicity for the author
RT : Hey! I just met you...and this is crazy: but here's my number. So call me, maybe?
good morning
Could u just please follow !! Just please!!!!!! It would make my day better !!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
I wish #oomf would stop texting me about all the fun he is having! lol I'm too jealous... shut up already
You guys must have some big crickets if you need a bat! Haha! Sorry, corny joke.
YAY RT : Texas jury agreed Eolas 906 patent invalid. Good thing too!
Casey and her Jail Hair, still managing the pouf.
its downtown las vegas next weekend
It just shows that you were too scared to face even a chub like him without a weapon. You're a coward.
#resourcesync webex: 3 synchronization needs: Baseline Synchronization, Incremental Sync (change alerts and content transfer) and Sync Audit
its funny how much people change over senior year
a lady locked her keys in her car, saw me and asked if I could help
Yo dawg I heard u like skateboarding--
Game over :(. Minus the 5,652 fouls called on #pacers it wasn't a bad showing.
#Failing to prepare yourself; is preparing to Fail
Your crazy!lol No just kidding alot of people run it but its just one hill, you should go run at my condos or...
New Rob Michaels single "Letting Go" available in just a few weeks @ www.myspace.com/robmichaels
god night :)
you would know best huh ? lol
awhile. Because he's working in new music for us. And he's busy. He can never please anyone. Everyone is saying he's changing..
Very productive day. Excellent night...music, beer, movies and Discovery's Outlaw Empires!
I actually kind of miss school, #hardtobelieve. Glad I'm better and going tomorrow.
Set your calendars for record store day! It is next Saturday, April 21st. Look for exclusives from #theflaminglips and other WEA artists
Kinect games will be also cheaper than standard Xbox 360 games, it has been revealed.
Mark your calendars for Friday March 2nd at belle isle . Details real real soon .
#IADMIT that I'm very cocky & conceited
I've spent the past few weeks intentionally not reading articles from mainstream pubs that focus on black America and noticed something.
whats up twitter?
DirecTV is really making some outlandish claims about what will happen to me if I don't switch to their service from Cable.
That's when I love you when I need you when I care about you that's when I know for a doub I can't live without you
Good luck!!!
False. You will be slicing lemons when we ask you too.
SHOCKED :O
Goodnight. I get my iPhone 4s later.
I'm busy burning artichokes. But we'll be leaving in just a few minutes!
Still up!
Mehhhh :c I never get to see you
The person you become 5 years from now will be based on the people you meet the books you read.
Grizz making me nervous
I guess I should have told him the truth - that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally - but I didn't want to upset him
Myself is the only one that gets in my way of doing what I know I need to do. Once I learn this I might do the best thing I was meant to do.
Great Job Mike!!! Congrats and hope to see you playing
Yeah he sings really well
Fcat all week at school this sucks :/
i have a missed call from seattle washington..... i don't know anybody from seattle
lol i bet
Going to people's choice awards party.
Some serious hatred towards my phone right now
Today's the day! Come check out the Studio Open House!
it will be the time when the blood will flow warm in my veins again
I love my support system in school. I told them i fell and everyone laughed haha.
same here, cya in an hour.
Your words mean nothing when your actions are the complete opposite.....
I think I need " Gratitude " tattooed on me somewhere to remind me.
Next person to come in and show me this gets their first glass of wine on me.
When can I buy a "You got sIrved" shirt at the team shop?
I'm going to that!! See you there :)
Class at 8,9,10,11,&12:20 today.... a good student would go to every single class.
All I want at the end of the day is to kick off my shoes, take my pants & shirt off and have Chris Hemsworth in my bed. Too much to ask for?
On twitter?
I'm going with 1
Quiet off day. Spent the day doing a little shopping and worked out at the gym. About to call it a night.
Yay! just poached eggs with my new egg poacher pods from Dee-lish
I wanna grilled cheese !
hope y'all got the bus up/ running heard it broke down!
Yes, I think you're right.
Guys: No Shirt, No Service - Gals: No Shirt, No Charge
Want 25% off tonight at or tonight? Just mention #Snowmageddon & we'll hook you up.
RT : WHAT'S THE HOTTEST LOCAL SONGS IN YOUR CITY ON OR OFF RADIO?? ?
btw, last post clearly from the Onion.
tonight...pork shoulder, farro, radish greens, fennel, fried meyer lemon, calabrese peppers.
purple swag!
there's something up, makes you wonder if teams should just stay with the ones that you got you there going into playoffs.
yup! you're right they are good hours, good mindset. Are you working in bham?
Moms, man. They're the best.
what about Dana & Koa?
U can't trust no fucking body these days
There's a lot of sex and the story is interesting. Soft-porn for the ladies.
Oh same if i would pick who is hottest it would be vinny urs ?
They gonna love me for my ambition
RT Using Hubs' laptop while Chubbs does some Say n Play on mine! Say N Play is awesome! **Many Thanks**
exponential participatory art website idea - start w 1 image, participants can take any 1 down, put 2 up
Well... that was quite a meeting with my financial advisor. Glad I know more about investments than he does
That moment when you feel you have no one.
If there was a comparable video on the other side, we'd watch that, too ....
RT : NOT I - NOT ANYONE else, can travel that road for you, You must travel it for yourself. - Walt Whitman
If it ain't got shit to do with you, then leave it alone.
I heard he's writing a musical as well: "How to Succeed in Brewing by Failing Miserably"
what's been up
give me some time lmao
First used APA style in 2010 when I started library school. Before I mainly used Chicago style. Can't decide which I like best :)
You got it babe!<3(:
Refuel this evening! Flash your Zipcard between 5 and 7 to get 10% off your purchase!
Need more followers
Girl in my class just announced she has scabies... #NOPE #I'mdonehere
beat but we have our M&Ms. #Bones & the bullpen know what I'm talking about
Finished my shopping this morning! Now onto wrapping and food :-)
Yo Mama Crazy! Asshole RT : “: Been Having Some Crazy Dreams Lately” cuz your crazy
- I knw wats #REAL..... I'll never give up on what me n hym got !!!!
Then why are you dressed like a leprechaun in your twitter pict.. huh! .... I Ask you!
Love it!! Have a great day, Shannen!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> Praying for a special blessing for you today!!
I'm sorry bro/:
I already bought #boyfriend and i love it! But he wants it to the top and I can't buy it more than once...and none of my friends like him:((
I trust your speech down in Orlando went well. One day when you're back this way I will have the pleasure of hearing you speak
Rest In Peace
Notice how Eagles made pick in 0.1 seconds. Must have had Foles graded very highly.
4 hrs. I'll be there soon. Really, I will. Makes me smile. This was meant to be. Don't give up on me! :)
R.I.P to the beautiful
3 more followers for 200! #200 gets a drink on us tonight for our 3 for $12 special, available now .com!
"it was on this great day 100 years ago that the hand job was invented! This masturbation technique..." mom hit pause.
you know the correct answer!
Is it just me or did the car carrying Kim Jong-il's coffin look like the car in the opening credits of Entourage?
I guess i thought this would be easier
Today, I shall listen to Jonathan Coulton all day and giggle. I just have to make Pandora cooperate.
My brother is so overprotective, he's worse than my dad!!!! -_-
just got off the phone with my mom in Ohio. now we are on stable grounds. Finally,!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the mavs suck when i watch them it looks like a bunch of 7th grade basketball players
but I hate not knowing if it's a real yield or a "get your own lane for about a mile so don't worry about it yet."
Shonda Rhimes just taught a writing class...Kerry Washington an acting class...ABC better renew this show!
Goma is located on the border of Rwanda many people cross on a daily basis, how often do you cross state or country lines?
Fun presenting Thrilled to win the Spotlight award! Gr8 way to celebrate the 1st anniversary of transitioning from Fluent to Fiksu.
#IMissYouWhen i see another couple hugging ..</3
Missed Premiere? Watch it tonight & look for the Fatboy® original lounging in Marty’s () loft!
when i put my phone light on you lol
I must be the only girl in the world that dislikes when another female calls them "Doll or Mami" :/ shit is just awkward!
thanks, yeah that is kinda my thoughts too, just wondering if people found much difference
what dozen other? Just Say'n
It is exceedingly difficult to watch Spurs-United and not persist in rooting for a rules-bending & unprecedented result where both lose.
I'm so tired of hearing those guys talk. Talk is cheap! Pac-Man and $ Mayweather need to get in the ring ASAP.
and a diet coke!
my poor baby
me and 2 friends are writing a song for kendall Logan James and Carlos! Cant wait to post it!
Out 55 vs AK king flop bye bye main event.
SOMEONE PLEASE TALK TO ME
It's hard getting a itch while playing guitar hero but I have become one with the guitar and we can power through them now
Have the courage to follow ur dreams of entrepreneurship. Don't let the fear of failure prevent you from taking that first step.
definitely, u do the same;-)
What are your happiest moments?
you're soo nice thanks it's so hard to get him to notice me
Thankyou to all my new followers!
Wahoo!!! Just got my new iPhone 4s. It's sweet!
No wifi in this presentation space. Bo
In Baytown, Texas ready to get these workouts going!! Workouts back in Humble at The Gym tonight @ 7:30pm. See you there...
< probably expressing the same sentiment of MANY other players, just gutsy enough to put say it out loud, or in this case, Twitter
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 13
Rod Barajas is possibly the slowest man in baseball.
Just made up a 10 minute presentation on some random company, on the spot. Professor totally bought it.
Panama can't come soon enough! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
hey! Athena's great! And no she's not my sister, but she's my really great friend! :)
Bode Miller > Bodemeister
Totally got the #wookflu after being in Madison this weekend. Guess I raged a little to hard. It's been like 5 or 6 years. Ugh.
Starting to think this is something I'll never get over
im sleepy but id wanna go 2 sleep cuz i aint gone sleep later on tonight
Thanks Luigi! Costa Rica sounds like the place to be today!
M I love peanut butter cookies !
RT : #Melo is the only #Knick playing like this is a elimination game
Hope is renewed, join me in its revival. - The Cleveland Browns
We're getting there! :)
Aw babe that's cute. Too bad I'm broke. Might have to go back to the crombie
Come on by and try us out! We'd love to feed you :)
Do you think another productive year out of Gordon would price a long-term deal out of the #Royals range?
Nose, y u no breathe?
u guys! I started a real job! IT'S ALMOST LIKE I'M AN ADULT OR SOMETHING
stop being a pussy. No one likes a quitter. In the words of the great actor Judd Nelson "smoke up Johnny"
Follow in Paris, hey Niss honey.
The Indians went 41 years w/o a playoff appearance from 1954-95. We R a passionate fanbase, didn't give up then & won't now
My mom is blacked and so am I obviously I learn from the best
Good morning everyone!!(:(: hope you all have a great day!! <3 you all!!
i don't even know you. the fuck .
be safe on ya trip unkl
I'm quitting before she gets to HS.
Done Joking Around && Horse Playing ! Im Getting My Head In These Books #LessonLearned &&
he owe u 20 dollars lol
Weekends = Football, Fun and Radio girl for me :) Let's
You're welcome! Enjoy the fair!
Another absolutely amazing day in Milwaukee.. what's everyone up to today?
I see
Yea you are :)
I feel like tweeting you. Finals suck. I like electric blankets. Boom shacka shacka
hey, sorry I have been so busy.. And moms new rule no txts after 9!! Lame
So often times it happens, that we live our lives in chains, And we never even know we have the key.
Want that blowout to last longer? Twist your hair into a tight bun on top of your head and secure with pins to keep that curl formation....
hahahahaha! You known i always gotchu though!
I laughed.
Omg saw willie twice and love black keys.
Good luck tonight at the hospital with the wife! #AxmanIsStillMyHero!!!
where is this video of us?
4 for the CRJ dept - I give you 10 total in class
We're having a grand old time with in LA! Show tonight with the gang theatre in Santa Monica.
That;s powerful stuff from Jay. He is seriously choked up...
rehearsal with the band
If I just didn't have to eat or sleep I could be so much more productive.
So Duncan Keith is back in good form. Hmm maybe it has to do w the offensive fire power in front of him worlds team Canada.
Matthew 6:33-34 NIV. 'But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness...'
You know you're drunk when you're chopping pineapples in half screaming, "SPONGE BOB I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE!!"
Morning all, Happy Cinco de Mayo!
I feel like oovooing with someone. lol.
that's cute ;D
Praying 4 Gene Hackman, hit by bicycling in Florida. Hope surgery is a success & recovery is speedy. Seems & moron has a drivers license.
Staying up late will get u messed off, this the time when u get up in ya feelings
It's official. I know now for sure that artists are crazy:) I'm including myself :)
I'll pass, you wouldn't scare me enough to motivate properly
Just turned Disney channel on since forever... WTF IS DIS ISH?!!?!?!!!
I would love to help! webos user since April 2010 in Rochester NY. Tried Android. Tried iOS. webos is the best.
Honored yesterday to meet Tincy Miller, #Texas #Dyslexia Champion, #Advocate for Kids with Differences & SBOE Candidate
I second this emotion.
Just got pitched phoners for a movie that will not be screened. But I'm sure David Hasselhoff and Gary Busey do quality work in it.
Jim #Tressel steps down as OSU head coach. I guess Michigan fans will celebrate.
YOU NEED TO START HITTIN ME UP
TGIF tweet peeps! I hope everyone has a great labor day planned. God Bless
Hmm. Maybe I will order he fight. RT Floyd says he feels great at 151. Says Cotto looked drained. I didn't see it.
LogMyCalls Launches Google+ Page
PRODUCTION DESIGN: Philip Ivey, District 9 Runner-up: Rick Carter and Robert Stromberg, Avatar
Jesus died for our sins? He should have lived so the priest kid fuckers don't get a pass. #Happy Easter
Give your breakfast routine a boost.Get energized with burrito rollers and an energy drink from #7-Eleven every morning!!
I already know how it is bro shit sucks
and they're back. i can breath again
Yup! Back in the day we sponsored Motorola. They even helped us test what is now Wet Lube.
Wha?! May have to claim wrist injury....
can't say I have, I'm a big cheesecake guy though
OH WAIT I JUST SAW THIS OMG. OKAY yeah, That's when you were Anna :P I'm going to sleep. Talk to you later baybee. Goodnight.
Well, it at least shows up as a reply in my timeline.
I was wondering if he did it at the Lilac Fest last Friday. I didn't get to go.
diving rod - he's looking for water. :)
Looks terrible.
You're gonna take a nap just for 10 minutes, in a row.
#LakersNation over here ! Let's go.
Please follow me on twitter
still here
Lost a lot in
updating my blog
So did anyone get raptured? Who's missing?
be my friend?
Sitting in a dark room in fifth hour,looking at my year book and texting him.
lot of funny shit happened tonight tipped a stripper a walgreens receipt bitch got mad as hell lol
I am a strong believer in kissing being very intimate, and the minute you kiss, the floodgates open for everything else.
will it help if I say I'm Moonwalking right now?
haha just become famous already.. k thanks (:
Improv led by PJ from GO Comedy and it's off to the races. A group of us heading to Hazel Park Raceway if anyone is interested.
Could You Please Tweet: JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To Get It Trending For Austin? Please & Thank You!!! :)
Woah. Alex Gordon just robbed Danny Valencia on what looked like a sure thing four bagger. Then Plouffe knocks one out into left. 3-2
please check out her keeks! and follow her noww!!!!!
That's alright, it will still be worth it! What show are you going to ?
Today starts the new photo contest on LoveVoodoo... Lube 102... sponsored by MD Science Lab (mdsciencelab.com)
If you believe it.....fuck errybody else thoughts!!
Air Force Falcons beats Navy to win first leg for Commander in Chief's Tropy.
My house got so decorations with iCarly,some people are wondering why i don`t have something with me,well i got just one inspiration,iCarly!
I have one advertising agency I'm working with need two more
Make sure and check out our website for upcoming events and rad stuff. bedouinvintage.com
...offering the digital-to-vinyl service and figured maybe there was method to their madness?
U going to be in Orlando?
Inventory note: enough hot chocolate for the rest of the summer… enough gum for the rest of my life -_-
RIP Davy Jones... Loved watching the Monkees growing up!!
It's going to be a weekend of parties, filled with delicious food from and sprinkled with a little bit of work!
I hope to be asleep early tonight. So I have a lot of work to do in a short period of time.
You can free yourself from aging by reinterpreting your body and by grasping the link between belief and biology.
My.back.fucking.hurts.
Shout out to Met this talented brotha a few weeks ago working 24/7. This grind ain't for everybody. Keep doing your thang.
What's happening in LA? Nothing happening on twitter...la la la :-)
I feel for the agent that reps the kid auditioning for Alek for Nine Lives. Singing and being a freak in lobby is NOT a good thing. Rude!
to much drama...ladies please, dont put yourselfs in a position you dont want tp be in. RESPECT YOUR BODY!!!
mom, stop. its RATCHET.
awe love you!!!!
Secetaro is president of SEED , btw
Shit Just Got Real, NBA PLAYOFFS !!!
yeah, i'd rather be on facebook honestly...hahah
that suck!! Show def isn't as good without him!!!
what!!! I'm real close to u in spring hill! Man we leave tomorrow morning, would love to meet with u before we leave tho
I would lose 100 fights, just as long as you were on my side.
People's lack of excitement about exciting things really irks me.
I can't stand for sumone to say they gone do sumthin then flake on u
It's like a throwback to 2010 finals week, when you stayed up with me all night to help me concentrate on my term paper.
Noticed a few *calls for submissions* yesterday. Will try to do a mini round-up today and post on the website.
My head is killing me.
Now following
wishes Brian Baird was my Rep. I don't agree w/ everything he says but at least he has to guts to talk to his constituents.
Making Marilyn Monroe inspired cupcakes! Any ideas? GO! I've got cherry and white chocolate with edible pearls so far need ideas!
hahaha nice hash tag
If you haven't seen Hugo, do not delay! It's delightful and Sacha Baron Cohen is hilarious.
I always forget my nose is broke and hit it
been listening to in #MTL and they have been saying it all morning.
Time to chill with a glass of wine and hulu...
Jon Snow! Oh no! Aaaannnd... scene. Roll episode credits.
Here I am! How goes things, Enpho?
FDIC General Counsel Michael Krimminger is leaving in June to join the D.C. office of Cleary Gottlieb's international banking practice.
No less than 4 cops on tranquil TriMet Max platform. Is this related tp protests or just Oregonian vigilence?
Tragedy! RT : A8: You never give the world the gift that you were put here to give
Confession: When I see a boy with blonde hair, I'm instantly interested ;)
bummer! You going?
People moan too much, Life's too short to be depressed, Live life like it's your last day! X
We'll be in Palm Springs this weekend working with Micheal Costello of & for Michael's Look Book!
The "Kid Tay & LSKATA: Highschool" mixtape is done ... who's going to download it?
digging a huge hole in the ground and getting payed $60.i lot of work but it is worth every penny of it
How to network: social media reveals a lot to employers & your political & other viewpoints should be defensible
I have landed on a strange planet called Twitter. I am learning the native language - grass and twigs for lunch, of course.
I'm living for the only thing I know I'm running and not quite sure where to go...
I will watch your kid while you walk through First Steel by Friday AM. Better yet, she can play with my kids.
Oh lord. I've started getting spam on
Hahaha I'm controlling twitter with my penis
I'm thinking of visiting dc this summer
I am really good at getting pen/sharpie/highlighter all over my hands.
Hey shut the fu*k up!!
i am right now ;) goodnight x
Feeling stressed? Come in for a therapeutic massage and get relaxed for the weekend. Go to www.massagedc.com for your $10 off coupon :)
All I hear right now are firetrucks.
Wash your dog for charity! K's Girl Scout troop is holding a self-serve dog wash party on Mar 4 1:30-4:30 for Guide Dogs of TX in SA
are you going to asw?
Thanks for the follow.
Im sorry but i tired of everything. If your just gunna sit there and ignore me and talk shit you can go die in a hole.
We now have a great furniture line to go with your new mattress set! Z
Grand Master, go faster.
I receive a financial aid refund of $610.88 for the Winter 2004 term before EMU staff cancelled everything without telling me.
"Kill the Bill" is being chanted up & down Bluemound! Tons of protesters out, about, stopping traffic!
Hello to all of our new followers! We'll follow u back :)
oh. But you should still go and have a good time!
Days with really good upper lift and a good after school scrimmage are the best.
Debates first bell...wish me luck.
I'm sitting on edge of seat - can't find my Terrible Towel!!
So Tiger Woods isn't really in the mix, but other than that what a leaderboard at the Masters: Couples, Rory, Sergio, Bubba, Phil, & more
Just found out the coffee my fiance brewed this morning was decaf… no wonder I was falling asleep in class. oy!
Need an IPhone !
My Daddy Just Bought Mhe Nd My Niece A Credit card.,! :) Im About 2 Go Spend
Awww thank u
On last Friday's show you said, "Your first loss is your best loss." Boy, did that hit home!
That's fine. They have other programming they can play with, don't they?
bye tweeters love you all and the i love is and melissa please tell me the answer today and i will get back to you tomorrow
I licked Liam Payne and he said he wanted me forever. Lolol
Muad'dib is officially in the office.
gonna work for a few hours then study for history & bio exam.
just signed up for hsba..got to do something..too much time going by,to little comming in..lol
I'll tell you guys what the prank is tomorrow but for now, goodnight! Xo.
“: Can't date no broke n*gga or one who doesn't have his sh*t together...i dont care how good the d*ck is!” for damn sure
True. I think it will be hard for the #Orioles to do well after the long games. They're playing some great teams too.
KNOWLEDGE IS SOMETHING THAT'S DISCOVERED OVER TIME
Freud is so much deeper than Al Gore and his cronies.
had such a fun photo shoot today, pics to come soon!
Lol, I'm sorry?
": I hope gets hit by a bus" hah, nah,10x more satisfying to watch 's smackdown tn, now he has to live w shame
Good Morning fans!
#save RT ": Is it save ? I don't want to log off"
Men are like roses, watch out for all of the pricks.
RT : at #ommadata today RT : The balance of power in branding has shifting from creatives to quants -
I love my belly button :').
ok that is fine :)
Yes, we believe the #customer is always right #goodcustomerservice RT : Are customers right in your business?
Hola Twitter World. Check out our new website www.alsarizona.com
Good Night Friends. Hope all you Mommy's have a Wonderful Day!
Coming to the Memphis or Little Rock area anytime soon?
I like the optimist in you, Marcela, what do you do in NY? Write me at if you wish...
Nice mileage...You're race ready.
Only because I hang out with girls too much.
Dan! Hi
i've declared that it only one day left this day is taking to long to get over with
I hate where i go through these cycles where im happy for a couple hours then depressed for a few hours then happy again so annoying
I managed to get on his grassroots email list, too, somehow. They sent me an email, in my state, about convention delegates.
The Mentalist season finale! #whereisjane are you watching?! Lol
how would these mustangs fare against all stars?
Music is my Lifee :L ^>^
Sunday's meeting time updated: arrive at 9, game design jam and extra sessions start at 9:30. Unconference ends at noon.
The Fall Season at the VAC has begun! Come see Mika Tajima in conversation with Richard Linklater tonight!
I always feel like somebody plotting on me
I would like to thank the Long Island Young Presidents Organization for having me at their meeting.
I have never rooted so hard for the #Tigers before. Seeing all those NY douches in the stands
Nice choice; either listen to Lyin" Mitt or Ron Christie.
Hey...wanna be freinds??
RT : When you love your people more than your bottom line, your bottom line is soon more lovable.
I need to do my homework and quit doodling all over it..
: laziness is bad; needed to get up anyway. Thx'z. TV is already locked in..
can I get a cab to McDs and back then out somewhere else.
Always been a fan of the Inbetweeners, but definitely enjoyed seeing a different side of you in #TIPDOTM. Keep it up!
Happy Happy Happy
Second time this week I sold a bass to a nice dad from Craigslist. Thanks Mick and Jim. #$$$
hello good sir, lets connect soon. I'd like to drink from your spout of wisdom.
no I haven't but I will!!
I hate when people change National Anthems, Canada or USA. They make the performance about themselves, not the nation they sing for.
RT if someone in your family knew the words to #RhinestoneCowboy, but was clueless about who exactly the mouse head guy was?
Had enough of UEFA/WWE. Barca are good, yes, but sick of seeing big decisions continually go their way. They cheat & prosper. Depressing
Happy Birthday! Hope it's a great day! Cheers!
Oh, snowing makes me a prominent weather reporter.
update video coming soon to fill all you kids in on whats going on!
Thanks Bo, fixed. Sometimes bit.ly does not do me any favors. Probably user error on my part :)
haha oh the famous words of tine ;) i like how u and lex know now NOT to ask me for shots lol, ill stay on the side sippin
Its all about taking care of one another; be kind to each other<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
So "lifestyle" retirement planning is every bit as important as crunching the numbers, even if it doesn't always get the same attention.
A goldfish Charlie Chaplin impersonator? Where does Bruce find these pictures? :D
Phantastick entrana dinner at las tablas around the corner from #portagetheater fueled up to attck the block!
Their mother thanks you. :P
is Vienne the one who made that horrific animatronic boy and puppet? The desire to portray horror was terrifying!
Anyone have experience removing gel nail polish at home? Am I crazy to even attempt this? Note to self: be better at being a girl.
What a shameful speech Romney gave at Liberty Univ for one who wants to be President of all these diverse U.S. religions and citizens.
that could be taken in many different ways:) and we love the irish here. Given that, we regularly take down a Dubliner Benedict.
Getting ready to go to Hardrock with my cuz! =)
But we all know your most excited for mine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Exactly. My point is that the metric, over time, has become disassociated from its human toll. Achilles didn't boast.
"Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
Shouldn't go to a strip club if you can't pay your bill
Killer #hangover? Two words to cheer you up: #MarchMadness. Selection Sunday is today! Stop by for Monster Tots to celebrate.
Got's do love that Technology thing. Brought to you by dem Democrats.
I love ads that say come to happy hour to ease your hangover.
Thanks for the retweet!
The day you turn 18 i'll marry you..
Preach it !
Ever notice that even when the metro escalators are broken the right side always moves slower?
New neighborhood=wrong turn this AM making my last run before Sunday a liiiitle longer than I planned. #CLEmarathon here we come!!
A less-attractive female that's wearing a shirt saying, "I'm the baddest b*tch on the planet."
It's a gorgeous day for #CFYoga ! it's our big debut, can't wait to hear your tunes! I'm excited !!
Haha. I know I'm not a whore so I'm not offended.
yum, I love Jager!
hackers annoy the shut out of me. GTFO of twitter, fucker.
what?? by who
I remember watching Bo with the Denver Bears when I was a kid in the 60's - he was one of my favorites.
For real??? This is helpful. I'm going to the grocery store today. Going to add that to my list!
In pain
The most important function of alkaline water is to increase bicarbonates in the blood because we lose bicarbonates as we age.
Grading over for the semester. Now on to nightly textbook/article reading through August... teaching BUS 101 for the first time.
Why can't I play Temple Run in bed? :(
Note to self: don't undo trousers while walking down the corridor to the toilets at work.
i am not in statistics buddy he's not bad but i don't trust him
Hey Great running into at the last night!
my back has never hurt so bad<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I'll try, thanks :)
Tough life for a three-year old. Maggie just told me she needed to get dressed so she could go to her job. ??!!
Hello, Melissa. Thanks for your RT. We appreciate it!
“Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?” - Steve Jobs
I feel like having an adventure. I wonder if there is a Camp Crystal Lake somewhere that hasn't changed it's name.
i hate those accounts who have 10k+ followers but only follow like 100
it's the birds. I need earplugs!
So excited to be re-working my website - adding photos and videos. Keep an eye out for my link NEXT WEEK! :)
LOVEYOUUUUUUUUUUU<U+2665> follow me please:D i.love.your.voice.c:
I have no electricity.
Hi Eddie, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
oh, hell yes. yum.
Great show by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman today! Thank you again ! Can't wait to read, and admire, Why We Broke Up.
We'd love to see #geekgirl represent at ! We need more developers and designers to help #socent teams rock
Austin Toros / San Antonio Spurs sign Malik Hairston - great news for the team. The dude is a phenom guard. Congrats to all involved.
yay! Bring on the best job ever!!!! :)
haha I want somethin warm like apple pie or peach cobbler :D haha
Then that means that is a lucky girl. Because I'm sure you treat her right.
the hills? so 15 minutes ago...it's all about NEWLYWEDS NICK AND JESSICA
Gym bag and work/school bag packed. And I'm out.
looking to bounce some business ideas off ya.
On The Final Day God Made Heaven And Earth . The Rest Was Made In China !
that was fun and thought provoking, sorry we didn't connect!
also can't wait to see our interview with ! check them out, Mark does great interviews with web series creators!
Someone is getting castrated once I find out who swiped my faux designer glasses from & 's XMess Partay!
Waiting for train to take us to Reliant fo #Texans game. Hope we get to see them to win today & hope the same for #Cowboys tonight.
If you girls like shopping and saving check out blastoff if u have ne q's twitt me www.my.blastoffnetwork.com.usanetwork
I honestly can say I'm so happy school is almost over .
Damnn, gonna miss most of 's Ustream becausee im goin out to dinner withh the famm...Can someone record it for me please?(:
Looking forward to our shoot in #Austin this weekend at #ACL. Word.
"Pursuing your passion is fulfilling and leads to financial freedom." — Robert G. Allen
True that.
let them have all penalties we are better than that as a team beat and win and not cheating to get there lol
do not want to be at work today. at all.
My bed never felt so great
Some of the things people tweet on twitter.. You really don't care what you tweet
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
- Thanks so much for following!
Celebrate National Hamburger Month with the Smoked Brisket ‘n’ Cheddar Burger inside
Obama announces 2012 campaign.
Is actually jus getting out of bed. Lol
one of the many reasons I. LOVE. SPORTING.
im not gonna do it honestly i dont care
I Dont wanna put his business out there.
I LOVE THOSE!!!!
To teach Mr how to be one lol RT : well that's What I'm here for
Dylan got called by a girl this week. Unfortunately he missed the call.
Saw my ex at the club last night. Knew that if I danced with him he would want me back. He does, and now I'm just dissing him. Hahah.
Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event!! This week only pay $15 at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Its so hard -_________- I need like 900 likes to be in the top 10 :...(
That's for all those weird looks you be making at me =P
student quote: "failure is something that i block out of my mind, and never hope to reach." #Learn2Fail at
i will click and what i must doing next ?
"presence," shorthand for the idea that people should enjoy an "always on" virtual omnipresence. We live in an always on world don't we.
R.I.P. TO THE LEGEND OF GO-GO MUSIC MR CHUCK BROWN
DK Wrestling Savior
FULL DAY! First, a half-marathon, then yard work all afternoon, end-of-semester gatherings, & FINALLY my 750 daily words! Now a margarita :)
hahaha! great idea!
It is a cultural shift that is driving society as a whole. Not as many religiously identified people nowadays.
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairytales." The one and only Dr. Suess.
Going to see tonight. Someone text me after Kentucky wins tonight so I can act like I care.
Beauty's in the eyes of the beholder.
Have a happy weekend everyone! Don't forget to order your flowers for that special occasion you're planning
And the interwebs seem to be out. Yay Comcast. NOT
I bet and I agree on very little politically. But his OMC column is spot on. Recall is unfair, WI is a joke, this will repeat
nope, still using nagios/cricket.I've used Zenoss at a previous employer.Has annoyances, like Nagios, but is better I think.
Doing some pre-production on vocal arrangements. we hit the studio again at 6. :D
Rain, Rain, Beautiful rain!
Ewwwww i Miss Jamiya !!! even tho i know i dont ever cross her mind
I'm pretty sure that's what he says. Hahaha.
Girls at mt school wear too much make up
That's all that matters in life.
haha for sure :)
What series is this? This looks really interesting!
When boys open doors for you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> I know it's probably to get a nice view of my ass but it's still chivalrous.
Keep ya head on a swivel
Now attending the Constant Contact live webinar on FB marketing. Looking forward to learning something new!
Very happy to say that, come fall, I will be assistant professor of 20th-century British literature at Syracuse University.
do you know of any online contests to win tickets to the #ProBowl?
This new school looks like prison
Where the boys at :D
Just completed Week 3 - Day 1 (completed 1.62mi with run pace of 15:41 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
After 24 epic rounds, & reunite for Chapter 3 to settle the score. WATCH: Sat, Nov. 12, Live on PPV.
half the time I spell "tonight" i spell it "tonihgt".
just doubled w/aq vs qq...
I really wanted to live tweet photos of dragging your typewrite all over Chicago yesterday, but it wasn't working. :(
I FEEL SICK
You're right Caroline! Welcome to the CC Club. :-)
Happy 18th Mother's Day, friend. Glad you are enjoying it!
You remind me of a girl, I once knew...
I can't believe some of the things I just said
Wow. You make me proud Portland! Timbers beat LA Galaxy 3-0.
bb i am going to sleep <U+263A>
Thanks for the RT, Susan.
I hope this WILL last
Thanks Edmicelly! I'll let you know when we're doing something out on the East Coast!
eaving in Stacy
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 47
Research showing that influencers are relying on morning briefing emails more than ever. has some great ones!
Saying I don't take my meds because they make me feel funny. Is like cannibals saying they don't eat clowns because the taste funny.
LSU v. Bama BCS Title game would be a #BCSFail. Bama had its shot. The point of the BCS is to match up the best of the conferences.
Thanks to Tia for giving me a long weekend with a Friday break! Good to be back with you today!
I agree. It definitely cuts both ways: consumer demand and ag marketing. Which is why it works!
I used to have thicker hair but not as much now. I can't get good style.
Its nice seeing the Steelers bounce back, but watching the Pirates sink has gotten painful this year. Ah well, there's always the Pens!
home safe! Thanks again for being my lab buddy this week :)
good night twitter :)
We hope you'll get a chance to come by and see all of our rad, locally-designed fashion and accessories before you leave! <3
My annual New Year's tradition is getting all rankled by how lame the comics are. I AM RANKLED, 2012!
At a hotel with a beautiful view
hey big deuche my grandpa was a tow truck driver and he had more common sense than u frankenstein
I'm gonna stop making excuses for why my GPA is bad and go ahead and admit its cuz I'm lazy
#1234567890 You get... Freak the Freak Out by Victoria Justice!! Love this song!
Agreed. Don't like Obama on Leno. Free world leader should be a little inaccessible, not Hollywood. Shouldn't he be working?
Social media is named social media for a reason...
Aha , jss thought bout something .
Josh Smith was injured tonight and you know what he was wearing... ADIDAS!!!
It's official! Next week's #dcdrinkup is a two-fer: dinner at 6:30 at King Street Blues in Crystal City, followed by spinny karaoke.
RT Thanks to for great forum and affilliated events
Carrots are very good for a directors eyes!
Its too early to be feeling sicky :-(
Wanted to say i was so sad to see you go & was so shocked. but i am so excited to get your first album you make and your concert
I'm staying away from all social media from now until Sunday night to avoid ANY spoilers about The Avengers. :(
This shit is crazy!!!!!
RT Helium, who now reeks of vinegar, tried to dye himself for Easter. I've tried to die, myself and had similar failures.
Have you heard of this new TV show in #Baltimore called ? check them out when you have a minute!
Do your thing!!! I need to go to bed too, good nite
": Didn't Fewell yell that to when he deflected a pass to #Respect”"BING CAN PLAY BIG
Everyone does until they join and realize how much fun they've been missing.
"face me cat!"
Bleh, I want to vomit.
How cool is THAT? Good for you Andrew! Such a coveted honor... how did you fool'em lol? Hope you return to VOSD post Knight!
you're the one threatning to beat her!
. surely there's a non-ALEC aligned book store where this might be found....can't do biz with
I am seriously enjoying The L.A. Complex.
I'm done. 13 years of school and I'm actually, finally done.
4 reminders per day to use your camera. Practice your direction; ask if you can shoot someone doing the Riverdance. Or perhaps an Irish jig!
Let's Go Mavs! Set the tone and get off to a fast start!
RT Dear clueless-about-poverty-inspired-book-love, you can still get books for 99 cents from Goodwill.
Sure. I am interested in those cases where the FB connect is all there is and it includes the cat sharing pics. :-)
lol.. I will soon.developing some stuff in Google +
DEFINITELY will 4 next yr.Do U have hashtag suggestion? We're newbies so we appreciate ur $.02!
uhm no....sounds fun no doubt, just not me. either international studies or political science.
Okay, I can deal with that. I'll download it soon
HAHAHA THAT IS THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE FILM EVER!! Please tell me you're watching the whole thing. SO. FUNNY.
Catalina Island Conservancy's Fund for a Sustainable Planet sponsored the Isla Earth message today.
my fav group ever but at this point i dont want to see that shit..drop another album.shits sad
NEED SOMETHING, ANYTHING TO BREAK.
follow back? (:
What happened to Hossa? I just turned the game on and missed it.
That being said, I do like some TED Talks; I'm just not the drooling fan like some.
Kim Kardashians eyes, must smell like Kanye's balls
Our next two gigs are on the Avenger's premiere and Cinco de Mayo.
San Francisco is certainly the place to be during Chinese New Year! When are you thinking of coming out to SF?
Call of Duty will take over my wednesday night
It's better to be looked over, than overlooked. ~ Mae West
Please pray for Gene Hackman, he's given us so much of his heart.
pike creek, right up in your neck of the woods. :)
Please Follow Me (: ! Thanks and ily . though TBH : ME and YOU should Hang out lmfaoooooooo Go to a party lmfaoooooooooo 1
Touchdown Miami. Want some cava stat.
I had a great time @ #mobileappred with team Clockers
STIX the CAT sez, "I told them not to open the wine, but . . .: check it out - www,stixthecat,com - click "hello"
Q1 via Which 'undiscovered place' could you rediscover over and over again?
RT : Happy International Women's Day! New Zealand was the first self-governing nation to grant women the right to vote in 1893.
If I can get a decent air fare to #vegas will go see
omg. I'm so kidding.
Stop your hate Slim
Sometimes God tells you what to say and you actually hear him.
special shout out
Stop by & cool off with a Sammy Smith's Organic Cider!!!
Join us for Food for Thought at the LaSalle Branch on February 7th at 6pm for a series on eating your way healthy.
you coming to Indiana this summer?
huh???? was that towards me? Im not a slut.....
No matter how relaxing your Sunday was Mondays still suck.
so, we're shoving a car down a mountain next week... any advice?
In 40 minutes, I'll be 20 years old. Wow. That feels weird to say. Hell even to write.
bite into it!!!!
costume shopping!! later one!! gona pick one and stop waiting!!
thanks, you do the same.
I hate ryan theriot
You don't much like the current storyline do you? You Brooke or Angelina?
it must be hard.
I do that ALL the TIME!!!!! See that's why I luv me some Toni, lol
You may not go, young man. She could take your eye out!
Ready for and Best tv all week.
holy shit! where ARE you?
I can confirm this. I get to listen to them when I'm in your brother's car! :)
Rewatched. Scrolling news does seem oldish (MySpace headline…). Digging.
Congratulations of - 1 of Forty Under 40!!!!
Things Twitter Taught Me This Week likes Dots - is hosting Rome this week -- And has excellent taste in music
LOL as long as his arm doesn't feel funny and quit
Not really... think of all that extra money your family will save not buying season tickets
you were fab and spiffy! Thanks for playing!
Being a Ducks/Rangers fan is stressful business.
"What the hell is Sugar Island?"
“As we grow in our relationship with God, we begin to see ourselves (the sin we still struggle with) more clearly.”
Happy birthday! We wish you, Aimee & Chloe were here to celebrate with us!
Readability is my new favorite iOS app.
Great set last night buddy!
Getting final copies of our new music by the end of the week. Hopefully America can handle it.
Who wants to start a bare knuckle boxing club? Handlebar mustaches and all.
You may only be one person to the world
#Colorado, come out and meet us at the #GapYear Fair in Boulder tonight at the Peak to Peak Charter School, starting at 6PM!
Everything happens for a reason. Everything.
sometimes its necessary to stay up way too late the night before a show
Dan Simon is following me now!
BEARS NATION!!!
Ever had someone snap at you out of the blue & you're so shocked that your eyes well up with tears? Yeah, THAT was my day.
what's fish ?
yeah he was a dummy for that one!!
I am asking the panel what they would think of an application process for extended bar hours.
Omgg i just love this: O.o hehe
Hek Yeah! plays Thursday evening at yours truly! If you haven't checked out this terrific band, here's your lo-and-behold chance!
How do you think we guys feel, being libeled as irresponsible oafs? Though, granted, I *am* an irresponsible oaf....
Nice try, but this won't fly. Makeup -even with an SPF- doesn't provide your skin the kind of protection sun block can.
“: Only I can fight with my siblings.. if you lay a finger on him/her... you die!” yep
That's an outstanding piece by
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Joel Anthony
.....nah cupcakes have icing
Now I HAVE to see it--like slowing down near an accident, I guess!
are you at the trampoline warehouse in tigard. if so i'm jealous.
There is nothing wrong giving a person their full "props" (aka: proper) too include your yourself. Dont need others to validate U, Ajax Avan
Thank you! We have been busy swirling up refreshing treats all day! Wonderful welcome from Mandeville!!
Need to get editors to love the CMS to want to use it - We're loving the insights on user adoption
what you been up to
congrats and thx for your follow!
Once you start fighting kids the same age as you own son it's time to retire
Rep operative Brian schimming tells Americans for prosperity crowd at alliant center that walker "ain't backing down."
RT : DSU's touring the new office in the DiGiorgio center! The new building is gorgeous!!
What service Sir! Thank you!
Anyone here that strange whistle/siren like sound this afternoon in San Diego? It was very loud & could be heard for a few minutes twice.
I'm sorry but Gary Busey's jokes about Bret Michael's aren't funny to me....what a loser....;
Grand slam Votto. WOW. ANOTHER walkoff grand slam today.
Having landlord named Bob Seger is odd. Gives u opportunity to say "Bob Seger is fixing my toilet today. I think he'd rather be in Katmandu"
Thanks to my colleague for such a warm welcome! Looking forward to exploring academia through twitter!
“Tool Is Loot” will be performed Thursday through Saturday and Sept. 29 through Oct. 1 at Kitchen NYC
Happy Star Wars Day twitches! May the fourth be with you!!
's Pobo on Capitol Hill Wed 5/9 for #a4aChallenge. I.S. 318 afterschool chess program just lost its NY city funding
I'm good w/both boyd observation and the suggestion to delete (tho deleting Tweets is pretty hard.)
However, it will skew the ratio in your favor, thus greatly padding the number of people you are allowed to follow
Well, that persons aren't real mahomies u know? Because he's trying to make us happy, and he's working so hard for us (cont)
#nlt China Love. Janet Jackson
i'm free!
haha yes but not INCREDIBLY:)
is this a proven fact? I mean I've taken more pictures since I've been single.
Happy....Talk Like....Shatner Day!
Oh I bet!!! Enjoy your health haha :)
Happy Veterans Day to all who serve! We are GRATEFUL!
Come On people! Show some love and follow me! :D
I had a great time visiting with the College Republicans at my Alma Mater, Hofstra University, and speaking with Nassau's future leaders
I found Wicked the musical much more upbeat than the very dark Wicked the book.
Ive always been here for you, but one day ill be gone because i cant keep waiting.
i Think I fell Asleep On her Last Night !
What are your opinions on the use of supplements, such as omega-3 fatty acids, for ADHD/ADD?
that's exactly what I sent you
What an incredible turnout & show of support on Saturday night at our 2nd Annual Italian Dinner & Dance. We raised over $15,000. THANK YOU!
I've never seen a city work so efficiently to fuel hatred from the community towards peaceful protesters. Propaganda is powerful.
I just got a belly piercing. It's a mistletoe, I don't want any confusion on where I want your lips this Christmas.
hahah nice!!!! Put him in his place!
Sipping a 2007 Anthos, Azienda Agricola Matteo Correggia: light-bodied, intense nose of violets/lavender with pomegranate, cherry and anise.
#WHENIWAS16 I HAD MY FIRST RADIO INTERVIEW !!
sorry , i forgor this was laurens twitter
Come watch all the games at www.howtowatchhockey.com live online enjoy!!!
yeaah buddy. Hope u had an awesome workout. Night dude:)
I could not have said it better.
Holy moly Kobe is absolutely going off right now! (Minus that blown lay-up)
They tried to explain it to her as best as possible.
Well done for your Second Season and your Festival nomination!
Jason Bay
Why, oh why do people have pets +/- children whom they are unwilling/unable to properly look after? Take charge of your lives people!
Definitely! I'll make sure there are enough pictures of my personal destruction.
Was that the best 20 mins of college basketball all year?
I want to be just like Maggie Smith when I grow up--a crotchety bad ass
what color was it?
I still maintain Taylor Swift was made in a lab on account of how perfect she looks physically.
good tonight babe! Love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
<3 whatever. What can I do?
watching you guys at bamboozle...
phenomenal job last night, but who were the creepy old dudes hitting on you afterwards?
so noble of you. #exbff <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Just watched the Ting Tings on Saturday Night Live. Umm. good cowbell.
got to get ready now, wonder if i really am going shopping :o
This would have made a great April Fools' joke. MT : Effective 4/1/2012. PACER fees increase from .08 to .10 per page.
is my new LOVE and I shall marry <3 ;)
Cheers to Football Friday here @ our office. W/ a Superbowl inspired lunch & some ice cold beverages, we're already celebrating the weekend!
Hey that's neat. I've never been on Storify before!
#dhsi2012 colloquium schedule is shaping up. Some really great papers in store!!! Can't wait for June!
So we've got with and with
In whose world are the "Girls" middle-class? Let's be real. I'm probably middle-class, which means my parents have no money. Being literal.
As long as you end your year happy and start it happy is all that matters<3
& SHOULD DO A MIXTAPE WITH called #DIFFERENTER PROBLEM GANG
I'm done cyber bullying
Laura, I recv'd your email - thank you. I hope does get lots of sleep this year. Glad to now follow you on here.
Thank you! Tweet you soon!
I'm kind of really sick of being called "Faggot" All the time. It's seriously stupid.
I really want to strangle this kid right now.
that is too funny....lol LSD
thanks lady!! hope to see ya around soon hulahula princess
and these $5 Pizzas from Little Ceasers! #NomNomNom RT What's nuts is that LeBron should be accepting his 4th MVP right now.
Is your wife a Gate gal, too? I could never get my guys hooked... That would be my dream guy, tho! hahaha
hahahahahaha!... ah that made smile and laugh quietly.
I love making your day better , when your feeling down or having a bad day
don't be too sad. We'll have the video up on the site after the conference!
Yes Absolutely, we'll be posting up the collection on our Facebook Catalog this week but all of it is now in our stores
Hello again to all my friends..
RT : WORD. RT : Hair should be completely dry before you flat-iron it.
Just realized I can go to La Condesa for lunch anytime I want to...
Thank you all for the birthday wishes!
There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator.
wdf dark u made me waste my 200 tweet by writing kristen is not bi haha so funny (not) YAY ITS A small CELEBRATION
Today is a great day... hug a friend or your partner today....
Varney: "There is no market for privacy." How to protect what we see as a basic right in the face of business.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
“: Hahaaa...I don't f*** with hoes. Wait, I do. I do f*** with those” we blow hoes, no, hoes blow us
And snow it begins...
I can see my gym clothes from bed....mimosa anyone?
Come get it smackn with me and bird on the hill down crawford at the rent office.Starts at 7 ends at 11 its 2dollars to get in.
A beautiful, seductive move by Kobe Bryant. I WISH WE HAD !!!
I love dog feet!
RT “: Success begins with a good feeling about where we are and a positive attitude about where we want to be. -I. Vanzant”
GREAT MORNING
Dead girls are skinnier.
Thanks. By my reckoning I am the ONLY research manager ;-)
Okay! I know I said I was going 2 bed but, Ugh! ... It's hard when you're a insomniac :-(
A classic. RT : "83" Cocktail of the day, bloody Mary, vodka, tomato juice, tabasco, worcestershire sauce.
Congrats 's! Awesome intro to win, great speech too! , that was an awesome pageant!
lol aw shut up i was just playing
Philly Philly
To many good #tvshows going off the air
idont!!! Take me to prom. Lol. Worst comes to worst we could buy eachother corsages..hehehe
Love based on a lie or in love on a One way street ?
hey miss thang
I cant stop thinking about how much i hate you, but then u look @ me with those brown eyes an i cant hate you any more. i really do love u
It's so cold outside...thank goodness I'm in the club with a heater
Fuck I hate when my tweet is perfect but it has a typo :(
Beauty comes from within.
I started it on Friday and finished all 3 by Monday lol
i want a pet sloth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I used Blogger in the past and moved to Wordpress. My recommendation is to use Wordpress, I'm very happy with it.
Courage Alone Eclipses Your Will To Try
About to lay in bed with trevy, love cuddling up to muscles ;)
Maybe its me but im Tired of being #TeamSingle Its NOT fun... :(
YAY!!!! You're on Twitter!!
Feel like I did great on my apush test
Happy Birthday Sister I Love You
That moment when u hurt urself really bad then a few seconds later someone walks in and u try to play it off best as possible haha:)
it's pretty rad, right?
SexTip: Kiss cuddle and tell her how wonderful it was - Make your partner feel wanted.
Our lives become silent the day we become silent about what matters the most.
I out-wrote an author? ;) Awesome! But wait... does that mean we'll be waiting longer for your next book? O.o
Here's a special shoutout to everyone who supported our new collection so far! Thanks for all the orders this weekend
Want to bring your family out to the Austin Toros game Saturday night? My treat!
Eat Your Greens
And we love you!!!
We can't wait to get there!
We'll send an email soon!
#WarpedWednesday continues with and
At the movies watch the Avengers!
Madison Square Garden is playing John Denver right now to celebrate the WV win. Wow.
Possibly the most beautiful tweet I've seen - even if I have no idea what it says!
I will! I haven't had a good sleep in like 2 years because of so much homework.
Fuck you stupid phone!!!
My mom scored two tickets to the New York City Ballet at SPAC. I'm so freakin' excited.
I often quote myself. It adds spice to my conversation. George Bernard Shaw (Love it! LOL)
go team Joe Jonas! That's awesome.
congrats bigga. Keep busting dem heads!
Thai Kitchen has the best panang in Anchorage!
#Ladies the more you express your pleasure verbally during sex, the more you make your guy feel like the man of the universe.
^_^ 3 more days. W00T! :3 I can't wait until my birthday :D
Way to represent RT : Last morning off to a great start #growco #upsgrowco with Wexley School for Girls
This bagel is giving me Hagerstown flashbacks.
Fiesta Fridays ;)
I want one of the Heathers to yell cornuts!!!
have fun boii
He'll do just fine in Lawrence.
The only thing drastically missing in life right now is a kitten.
Ole Miss literally just threw the game away.
That's so cool :) I'm just buying #MakeItInAmerica song on iTunes. I'm glad tweeted me. :)
It's getting dangerously close to the 0 degrees in California this weekend :( ... And yes, I'm still operating in Celsius. Whatever.
oh wait - you don't follow me anyway LOL! Guess I'm safe from your unfollowing brigade.
Promoters, email booking information and show offers to:
Thank you... But no, thank you!"
i close my eyes and ignore the smoke
congrats...good luck onward
aw sweet! Have fun! I used to do that with my sisters' kids. Being an auntie is great fun!
RT : We have lots of great deals coming your way this month! Stay tuned...
Can we all just not watch the #Oscars this year? Would that actually change anything?
Simon Thank you for using the hash tag #mrgasn please let us know how we can help promote your market research goals T...
where in MN are you guys?
I think triple h was driving that truck
Ur right, but in some cases, there IS proof (i.e. confession, video evidence, most DNA, etc.). In those cases, then it's debatable.
going to see Bruno again!!!
oops i did it again oh babay babayyyyy
Comedy mix tape super hilarious bro ridin wit a hoe named shonda in a broke down Honda
Can't believe I haven't seen you all day.
« Happiness is not based on your circumstances, but on a decision you make.»
RT : TODAY: Join me & at 12pm ET for our May #ynpchat! Topic: Working Across Generations.
Having breakfast with the in-laws in LA, then driving back to SD in time for a BBQ with friends. What a beautiful day!
Hello there. I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
There are several who joined today that Twitter cannot locate. Hints on what i can do?
wet weather bday bar party!
In honor of Memorial Day, Southwest Airlines is giving military personnel priority boarding, after business travelers.
We will DM all the winners. Be sure to follow !
This day has been so chaotic. Only one more class left!
School was Great !
yes! Lol I'm tryna go!
I need some new music. Don't recommend Justin biebs or One Direction. I already have all of their songs.
I'm probably gonna do #organic grass fed beef twice a week & Salmon, fruits & veggies for a majority of my meals.
Congregational Preschool Craft show went well made booth fee & a liitle. This was its first year, nice people had some great snacks also.
RIP Nate Dogg
surely must know of some actual conservative scholars (you know, academics, the kinds with PHDs) who could play devils advocate
#WrestlingMachine vs. the #ShowStopper Pure artistry only in the
yeah we'll provide the army for moving in those new tanks if you supply the beer. :)
Your moms a whore
Im back in the U.S!! Finally!
i'd probably get super lost if i lived in portland, but i'd live their anyway, so ya.
THAT IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM. well one of them
DVD players have shorter lifespans than goldfish.
good god this is a soap opera
Acting crazy on oovoo with
I've figured it out. I want a relationship based on weekly hugs and dinners out and daily mutual internet creeping.
Olson: I can say things our Venezuelan colleagues can't say because they have to go back - gov can make life difficult for academics
Doing a great job documenting queer music.
RT : thanks so much for the mentions. Have a great day! < you too!
See you soon on the corner of India and Cedar! 4 PM.
SIT DOWN IN YOUR SEATS AND BE FANS! TAKE THE PAIN!
Much appreciated! Better things to come. Excitement all around at
“: "uh ma'am you dropped your kool-aid" HAHAHA. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> ”hahahah in food lion
Well if you want me to go then I'll go. And if you ask me to leave I can leave.
Tonight at the P&H ItchtHeart,pineappleExplode and 3 other bands!! NO COVER!
What's happening in Capitol Hill tonight?
Mississippi state spelling fail. twitpic.com/6lgdzt
Why he block u and call u a stalker?
Height: 396 lines 432, how about you?
For running on no sleep I'm in a pretty good mood. ^-^
I saw your little brother sketching on his bike td by Salem ridge, he was killin the st Hugh shirt
We kick the party off at 9pm TONIGHT! Come celebrate your Saturday night by dancing all night with us
&quot;New Advances and Contributions to Forestry Research&quot; eb. by ...
dad is a straight up G he knows how to speak Jamaican
I've heard nothing but great things about The Walking Dead. I need to get into it.
jealous of that cast, I would kill to be in something directed by you!
JoeShow thanks you (from the past)
same hear and i hope you all the very best in the coming year.
Belated thanks for the #FF acknowledgment!
good morning. :)
I appreciate it man!! We're a rare breed.
nice i have 65 or something... anyways thibault mite be mad and isnt he ur frend
ALERT:SEASON LOST":Players report in for preseason in a few days,the journey they are about to start will finish in November"
Tata (M) is LJ over Kell'd (R), calls it after getting shellacked right at the start of her scoring run, 79-57 (R)
I had a date tonight. For all the anxiety I suffered beforehand, it turned into a wonderful evening.
I wish it was this easy tmw ": Just remember, when you wake up in the morning, you'll have nothing to do but watch hoops ALL DAY LONG."
ALERT; GOSY is our new alert
School Library session in Rm360 #EdCampPhilly ah, my people...
I hope The Avengers starts a Shawarma craze. I had that stuff in Saudi Arabia in the 90s and LOVED it. Haven't had it since.
Speaker:Presented by Mike Volpe, VP Marketing at HubSpot
y'all keep DRT!
yeah cuz I'm never on but I got my sis blackberry so it makes it easy to access so I'm on now.. And I can say whatever ...
shan's niece.
my tailgate is your tailgate--come early, come often--we're there every home game. Probably going to a couple of road games, too.
Didn't watch the #TVD finale.. Catching up on previous episodes but my heart broken for Klaus. Wahh
I met someone who works with from at #pla12. i love my small #library world!
Two jobs + school =staying busy so I don't have time to think about the things I don't wanna think about
Yo ! Can you DVR the whole NBC Thursday lineup? It's those good good Office and Parks and Rec Finales tonight.
This is pretty funny!
Rehearsing. Don't know why we're playing Christmas music on break? Lol
Bon Iver are FUCKING TERRIBLE. No more shitty AC 80's retreads. It's time to move on people.
Wow Fausto, way to bring your "A" game.
Gretchen Wagner of : Range of collective actions available for us to take. We need to work together - and get funding...
Shocked and saddened to hear about Japan's 8.9 earthquake. Donate $10 to the Red Cross to help by texting 90999. That's it and u've helped!
hater :C
SOLD OUT! "Exceptional claims demand exceptional evidence” #PENFest12 on Christopher Hitchens's essential voice
It'd be nice if I had someone reliable in my life.
My thoughts exactly.
Bitches think I'm all insensitive and shit! Bunch of tricks!
Far from all banking stocks are DN after the JPM shocker. Wells Fargo, PNC, KeyCorp and BofA among those UNCH or UP.
he said thank u (:
I loved it too. I laughed and I cried. So good to see them on the big screen again
We got news for ya Kansas City! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
Appt was at 2pm. It's now 3:24pm. PCP is not returning my calls about sending me somewhere else..I'm seriously thinking about leaving :/
I was just there! Picking up some habanero lime tortillas, naan, cranberries, spinach, you know, the uzh.
GAY PEOPLE GIVE ME A REASON TO SMILE WHEN IM DEPRESSED.
m you guys are delicious :3
thank you!!
- He should take it back and roll with P-Town's own Suga Free!!
Come on in sometime and I'll make sure we get you a deal. Just remind me that you're the 100th! Thanks MAN!
8th grader + algebra 1 + Turkish teacher = <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>.... I was soo close to passing out that it wasnt even funny<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I can't wait to finally move away from this desert.
"Perhaps time's definition of coal is the diamond." - Kahlil Gibran.
i'm ready.! RT: im so anxious and excited for Tour and the dates ant even out yet.. lmao
What Junior Seau passed away? If my full time job didn't get in the way I'd be able to know these things much sooner.
thanks buddy!
HAHA i hope you get a case of the runs!
RT Are you following yet? They might give away a Galaxy Nexus on Thursday. I hope IT'S ME!!
#HCD = human-centered design - very much in line w/yr "start w/audience, understand their problems & context & values"
nah man. She lied. Lol
You are the man!
yep, it was tons of fun last night, thanks to both of you for hanging out! Will have to do it again soon.
Women are like old school t.v's, all you have to do is smack them really hard on the side for them to start working.
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if the Church u go 2 is connected 2 a Liquor store. After ser. u went n bought Hot Cheetos, 40oz MGD, Blunts, Honeybuns..
I'm twice your age, is it cool that I'm a fan?
Oh my lord, Jeff Buckley is amazing. Just listened to "You & I" for the first time. Haunting and beautiful.
are you ready for babysitting class???
Never wanted so badly with
Haven't seen since the beginning of the year!!!
I forwarded this to my daughter who works in Cape Town, and her friend there who works in social entrepreneurship, thanks!
I used to read my case studies on Kindle but midway thru quarter they became loaded w/ DRM. I feel like a legit user being punished
Like this status if you preferred Dalton with his beard. </3
you r my hottie of the week.
Thank you again for all the #support Our followers are awesome!
Happy Anniversary & ! Two of my favorite people on the planet. (my avatar pic was taken at your wedding...so I'm told)
Which is better? #smashwords or KDP select?
Appreciate the #FF - thanks!
clown nigga using my dudes 3 year old designs. Clown
The play is officially over......
U have to check out it'll warm yer heart n make ya laugh!
Gas for car and mower, check. Mowed yard, check. Laundry, check. Dinner, working on it.
would like to know more about ur plans for a coffee shop.
my senior quote RT I was wearing new jeans today and have just realized I went the whole day with the sticker on my leg..
5 angry justices do too. RT : Twitter Poll. Does anybody but believe non-breathing entities are people?
Portland folks! Yes I just said folks...I'm opening for R5 featuring Ross Lynch from Austin & Ally! I'd love to see you there :) monday!
major letdown.
Dress up day
DIYpsi is at the Corner Brewery til 8. They have Espresso Love Breakfast Stout!
RT : True but I like to keep the clippings. :)
I hope someone who doesn't know it's Floyd Mayweather tries to pick a fight with him in jail
"When I'm around you, I don't feel ugly at all." "That's because you're not." <U+2764>
Thanks for being our fans!
Any predictions for which opponent(s) Browns will face in their national game(s) in 2012? Schedule comes out tonight.
I wish a nigga stop wearin polo drawers wit a pair of WRANGLERS,#noswag#
#11ThingsAboutMe I changed the hashtag 'cos I'm too lazy to do them all, lol. Time for some homework. -_-
yeah! Moto & cowboy boots work best. I whip it out like a switchblade.
Doors opening and goals falling into place.
HOW IN GODS NAME CAN YOU CALL THAT A STRIKE?
In omelette heaven ...great brunch!
Haha. I did that when I was half asleep loool. My other options were weird and I saw that thinking it was the other thing lol.
you haven't "fallen" -Michael just hasn't "risen" as far as you have to recognize you!
but yeah, I'm thinking at the 4 spot. Scola would probably be sent.
Getting in the bath and turining into a lobster but stepping out into Antartica.
I saw you today
Ask - he's editing as we speak. Will release ep 1 soon then on to raising dough for eps 2-5 on Kickstarter!
Im a fashion expert :P lol
i'm glad they didn't have twitter during the depression because all the thweets would be so depressing, be like, i have no money
That's exactly what I said when I saw that!...it makes me ashamed to drive one lol
We can't wait for 's New Album Now@ Itunes
I am not down cause of the weather and I am smiling. Sorry no golf for you. Have a good day tho!
Great meeting today
where u at
We have a megaphone! WOOT!
I said that to Will after I last saw him in Rent...
Kurzweil: Everyone in the room is already enhanced by computer technology.
There's a reality show starring Bronson Pinchot FYI.
And here is our fabulous May lineup for Broad Ripple: Jason Canning, Nate Bargatze, Pete Lee, Karen Mills, Open Bra Night w/
I was on my bike all the way to work today....in the bed of a pickup.
I'm feeling great. Thanks for thinking of me. It's a beautiful day!
It appears the new head of the World Bank will be a Clinton puppet. Makes it easier for Hillary - she's looking sort of haggard.
glad business is good. Bummed you'll be missing opening night
Will wonders never cease!!
Be a Good Boss tip: "youve got a lot to offer & a lot to learn & as long as you remember both youll do all right"
Enjoying this beautiful afternoon on 103.7 KISS FM until 6!
#Colt #McCoy injures ankle, in boot
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
What a gr8t day! 86 n sunshine n who says buffalo can't have a summer! Holler!
It's finally friday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>get to see my boy In a few hours
the takeover is beginning....
Don't put your workout future in the hands of an amateur, workout with a pro!
THAT SMILE THOUGH
we look forward to seeing you soon!
did you ever get a chance to check out some tracks
RT Make sure your campaign sites & emails are mobile friendly, urges Check your traffic analytics.
Choice is not an accident.... BE CHOOSEY!!!
GOOD MORNING! :D ...i just wanted to let ya know i think YOUR AMAZING! and very Talented! I LOVE YOU!! (: follow me please!
Always hoped Memphis would win this series, but was sort of always resigned to the Clips after that pathetic first game
Wondering if heart emotion trump birthday celebration or if OK to turn into one big party?
Shots r going to suck wtf
With 10% of the season over the A's are the only AL team not to have scored or surrendered 10+ runs in a game.
you okay over there miss heat fan, your not rampaging in NY are you
So with all the great events this past weekend did anyone discover some new local places in Chicago?
Gooch is starting for Sporting Lisbon today. Currently its half time and they are down 1-0 to Paços de Ferreira.
Practice tomorrow..
Ah! Where are you off to for three months? Exciting travels, I presume.
u can get there bro!!!
You guys start trending #LiamNeedsMoreFollowers !!!! GO
< I have an Infinity Pool, A cherry blossom tree and a floating Artelian Chandelier in my UFO! You talking abt SEXY! Huh? wha?
Pounding a beer at 5 in the morning #neveragoodsign fuck it all
whoa man, that's a pretty sweet drawing!
if by CRUNK you mean high as a mofo on the glue they use...its a possibility.
I'm sure...haha “: Work should new fun tomorrow”
but ZUBAZ we're the best idea you've ever had... oh, Zubaz, I miss you...
As someone who rides their bike in this city I'm not sure how we won an award for being "bike friendly". Our Drivers SUCK!
when a southern person says "well aren't you just precious" it translates to mean "well at least your mom thinks you're pretty".
Thanks for coming out to support #CashMob! See you again next time!
If I tell u he said he hates me, would that make you happy?
TRUST ME IF EVERYONE WERE ABLE TO SEE THEIR FUTURE ALOTTA PPL GNA SEE SUMTHIN DEY DNT LIKE
"If It Ant No J's I Don't Hear From Ya" Lol
Girls would give up they bodies b4 they name
70% of the time it's Wine Time all the time ": It IS INEED wine time. Grab a glass!"
Hope Puerto Rico is good and as well, take care, don't worry you all will be fine, we're praying nothing serious happens :)
SAVE UMDNJ!!! Plans may be in effect to dismantle! Public hearing will take place on Thurs. at 60 Nelson Place, Newark. Show your support!!!
Accountant now urging me to get a mortgage and some dependents. Has he been talking to my mother?
Time to take out the trash on Facebook today. Hopefully it will bring me under 1,000 friends lol
The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is world’s largest spectator sporting facility, w/ more than 250,000 permanent seats.
Can't wait! Chilling with my girls next weekend...
u can tell if kids get disciplined at home by the way act n public. Kids who know they'll get their ass beat know better 2act out n public!
happy birthday!
Batting Cage is usually used by people including baseball players to practice batting or for people who just likes to have fun.
Whats the difference between a peanut and a almond?
The thought of creating this show came directly from Heaven, the show speaks to REAL life issues
CMOs' hot marketing technology buttons: CRM systems, Experience databases, RFPs, Social Media &. Blogs and CI
Never send boys to do a mans job
What a great title! You must have a very creative mind..
I was gonna be on a show but I was to young , I wasn't too young for the job , but my patents wanted a normal life 4 me
yo come to ATL soon bro
You're right. I did mean Gandalf. However, that guy could pass for a short-bearded Billy Gibbens if he put on sunglasses. :-D
Can't even believe it
A. Hargrove submitted deceleration, said he was instructed by coaches to lie about bounties - Reports (ESPN)
Sustainability Center isn't effective at benefiting the economic health of
No, it doesn't bother me that you talk about other girls. -_-
nielsen ratings: per month, Americans watch over 4 hrs of content on mobile devices in addition to traditional tv & computers
Great start today with the crew: We throw a good meeting! Stay tuned May 1st.
This series now has an asterisk.
Haha(: I don't know(: I might have things I have to do.But you should come by and say Hi(:
Happy Hour all day everyday in the lounge
Total Eclipse of the heart sound exactly the same when sung in French.
“: People who use the word "classy" - aren't.”
Oh my, just got your Labyrinth print, brought back great memories of my youth. Fun to draw Bowie's hair?
Ryan, Happy to hear that our work has inspired you. I feel that same inspiration every day-inspiration that keeps me working.
you don't care abt the very poor,y wld you care abt small %age Gays who get short end in $ and civ rights-Focus on Voters
“In order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort.”- Jesse Owens
objc needs autoboxing, going back & forth in core data - [nsnumber numberwithint:..] is getting tiring
Chelsea lately fat neck ass..Yu gotta glass eye..always ROLLIN looking ass..pass me day Michael..8mile looking ass
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother! Love you
I work wit Cory, holla atcha boy! Everybody follow
Last day of work in Lowell. Last syringe I will walk past on the way to work.
Good Afternoon!!
gg pool key may you rip with the other 5 we've lost this summer
social networking is destracting me from my studies..
Tonight's gonna be good :D :*
I love bdubs
good evening beautiful!
When you randomly think of something funny that happened and you start laughing
Von Kaiser is singing at Hula Hula!!!!!!
Someone come tweeze my eyebrows for me I'm too lazy goddamn sex with a person you give a damn about wipes a girl out.
"Thank you!! : Happy Birthday! Hope you have a great day!"
Happy Easter!!
Warren: Who should you be having lunch with? Collaborate with other orgs.
How is it not supposed to be a good day? Its sunny & not a cloud in the sky when the weather called for rain! Studying & laying out it is! <U+2600>
Football isn't a contact sport, it's a collision sport. Dancing is a contact sport.--Duffy Daugherty
Advertiser bough a 2x4in space for a 3x5in ad. (No, it doesn't scale well.)
g2g do my hw idk if il b back D;
HAHA HEY! it's your baby too sweetheart!(:
Once again, I need to announce I am no longer a real estate agent. I welcome the follows, I just want to make it clear :)
Glad you found our infographic interesting, thanks for sharing!
Another one run loss. #Twins beat the #Mariners 3-2. 7 straight L's
yeah but bout to run back out gotta session @ 7 u should come thru and sit thru that
how can you not look!?
alright, anything but bread or sugar attached. :-) (I'm sure I'm missing others)
What's the largest Nano out these days? I am a huge music fan so i like to maximize my shuffle options.
ha yeah right! How you watching it?
Some of the more comical moments in Milwaukee occur while watching people try to operate the parking meter boxes downtown.
700 of the original 1200 goal done.Break to take the kid () back to his dorm at OSU. next year, parking fee is on me
Sweet thanks! :D
you gets no love !
Automatic love note<33
i Know Im NOT , But Antione And Them Is !
I have the most amazing peppermint growing in my bedroom. It smells so great!
Woohoo!! Me too!! :) RT : so excited for tomorrow night!
NLCS Champs! Go Cards!
Welcome media sponsor 100.3 The Sound to this year's Hope For Firefighters!
Hope you enjoyed your beers! They are two of our favorites right now.
RT Sometimes I get sad, Then I remember I am Lady Gaga.
1:20am and all i wanna do is play music
For sure! I would still love to see a test of a G+ hangout. Even the pres is in on that now!
goodmorning how u
I wanted to buy a white Bronco, but my white wife said no.
I Gotta Bad Habit... I CAN'T STOP GETTING MONEY! *Shrugs*
*DA FUTURRE.* Children: "So Mom, who was your idol?" Me: "Austin Mahone." Children: "OMG Dad was your idol?"
who saw the #bitchimfrommilwaukee shirt on the jumbotron at miller park yesterday during the brewer game?
HI Shanta! Please check your messages. I will send you some info. :-)
Listening to 'Angel' by <U+2665><U+2665>
I'm. so. tired.
Much appreciated! #Creative Group , #Recording Artist , and Web
Who here is attending the Western Arts Alliance Conference in Seattle Washington in August?
NEVER SEEN SUCH AN AMAZING GAME ! WHAT DRAMA ! Duke beat UNC in the FINAL SECOND !! 85 - 84 . This is how you comeback.
2nd observation this afternoon. 1st grader asked me why I'm having an operation. Nice to see he was concerned!
I tramp a perpetual journey. Habit yourself to the dazzle of the light and of every moment of your life.
I'll post a bunch on Saturday lol :)
Looking to improve your health this fall - check out for ideas, deals, & more!
“: cause I wanna see em”you'll b ok
Christmas tree lying on the side of the highway. Never not funny.
We just had a fabulous and productive board meeting. Go team TR!
Don't expect to find the right person if you aren't willing to let the wrong 1 go.
hi gloria and friends
I wanna get high!!!
only word i can think of to describe John Mayer's new album is "Southern"
Re: Books without Borders: Interesting to see how technology is being applied to assisting developing countries, however it fails to 1/2
While I break this tree down
but its not really a subconscious thought now that i've figured myself out huh?
That Elise/Phillip cover of Tom Petty/Stevie Nicks duet Stop Dragging My Heart Around was HOT. Uff da.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
thanks girl!!! And don't worry I will!'
Boo you whoree!
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE.
You can't hit a target you cannot see, and you cannot see a target you do not have.
I know. We haven't even had primaries yet in Indiana. The mood seems to favor right-leaning Republicans. Obama won IN in 08
You don't know how bad I want this :/
Wow...That's just scary...
The Dow Jones didnt hold 13000. We will see what the rest of the week brings.
We support our community and purchase everything for our business in Greenwood, Indy, and Muncie...We love Indiana and the USA!
That is what IRC is for, good sir. #gwj on quakenet awaits.
Much needed coffee at Music in Milwaukee panel at
nahh, shake my hand...
ah I love those ! When do those come out?
lol i was thinking in urban areas, more gangs and dangerous stuff, and thus more opportunity to get your ass kicked
where r u moving to?
YEEAHH shut ya up REAL quick...he right here too don't MAKE me tell him lol
Mike Posner's cover of Stay Schemin is so good.
makes me want to know who my other fellow 10% are!
Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens. Douglas Jerrold
What has society come to?
Whoa! That sounds interesting! Pls. let me know how it is!! I like a good scare!
wow lol I'm going to come in their tonight to get my check
heavy music like chelsea grin and suicide silence puts me in such a better mood, i love it.
: thanks! Your name is "awesome" as well. :)
No way!!! What are you doing today/tonight?!
I just finished a huge project that has been at the top of my ”to do” list for months! Happy weekend to me!
how was it?(:
Groom asks why UMW isn't using technology to build a stronger community.
Maciek is awesome...
I have mixed feelings on the 's week long special on 's #CollegeLife show.
I'll say dude is definitely the most 'aware' of TDE. Hands-down.
Already on my way. RT Anybody in the mood to drink heavily tonight? Keep me
“If you want to stand out from the crowd when you enter the graduate jobs market, pursuing a degree abroad could be the answer."...
Hi Wendy, hope you are having a good day!
i think u still like me... Awww
taking out all your frustrations on everyone around you<<
watched Master Class on Sunday. Thank you for this. A true gift.
10 Facebook Tips: never hashtag on Facebook.
Jammies, Go-Go Gomez & Laura are off to enjoy some Smashburger! If you like burgers it a must try for lunch.
ya but I wanted to do something else
yea I really don't want you in Chicago actually
What does #KimJongIl death mean for the future of North Korea if son is not ready to take over?
How do we know if we got m&g?!
Is it time for Happy Hour yet? I hear a Tripel Karmeliet calling my name...
Thanks for the Follow and love what you do!
#nowplaying "because i got high" - afroman, "smoke 2 joints" - sublime, "legalize it" - bob marley Happy #420 tweeps! Fire up!
I will be visiting you tonight, be prepared.
#realtalk I need to learn the importance of waxing #sorry my legs are not summer ready
I get severely upset watching the "can't take my eyes off of you" scene in 10 things I hate about you.
My mother's crazy quote of the day: "That Al Roker sure has a lot of teeth."
It's #talktometuesday Ask me anything. I will answer all questions and I will answer them honestly.
#FF The crew:
That lotion actually made me ashy.. That's not supposed to happen!
"I decorate DECORATIONS!!" oh nigahiga how I love you.
seriously bro, THEY'RE FUCKIN HORRIBLE
The MRT limited the damage to our hospitals, but our healthcare future is still scary. We need $$! Wealthy NY'ers, step up! Share the pain!
Is startin a campaign to send all ugly and fat girls to Africa so they can catch a diease there and rid the world of there presence
I do
Time has been going by so SLOW !
Are you going to make your secure360 preso available or to the unwashed masses?
Black sets a neutral and basic tone.
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99178; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 70% SHORT
ONE-LINER: Religion cannot be without morality, but morality may arrive without religion.
Thanks!!!!! He is going to be excited, this will be his first time at a basketball camp.
It's #Basketball time!
7 days of consistancy develops a routine today is the 6th day of doin my 3 miles a day im so proud of myself im so focused
Dear coffee, at any point you'd like to kick in and wake me up, that would be great. Sincerely, Josh
where can I find this quad moab vid you guys are talkin about?
I've recently started practicing Buddhism again with intention and so far the dividends from my work have been great as is life
we were late getting situated & anchor tossed it to me as they took her shot...i couldn't lean into shot to put it down-hilarity
haha I did it fine. You'll be okay
People never change
Garcia to bid for Spanish treble Sergio Garcia will bid for a third successive victory in Spain at the Volvo World Match Play Championshi
pitcher Phil Humber is just three outs away from pitching a perfect game in Seattle.
show he just shouted out huge
Re: sort by Pub Date Free Form in RefWorks - no, not possible (sorry for late reply, by the way - let me know if more q's)
So exhausted! But must lesson plan!
libro means book. that's right!
RIP Donna Summer, The Queen Of Disco. Thanks for all the wonderful memories.
- cleaninnn my room, so tired .
We'll be together in 20 days, finally!
It's going to be fabulous!
i had an awful dream last night omfg i cant
#ERL12 Go for being the top tweeter/twitterer(?)!
I swear to god i wish i could get my hands on him, hes lucky he goes to canyon, got me pissed off
Welcome to #edcampss teachers from Perth Amboy!! Excited to meet and share with you soon! #sschat cc
hehe! Yes there was a bit of a "queue". Chortles!!!
Ha! Missed this last week. I'm assuming massive amounts of amphetamines. Oh, and joy.
C.C. Sabathia has the ideal athletic frame to model bowling products."
Yeah I know that movie was killer that's my fav movie.
Have you tried our new Nut Brown Ale? It's a new addition to our fall Craft Pack.
ur growing up rite before my eyes I'm so proud of you :')
