I doubt dat
It's like I waited my whole life for this one night.
it was an op Ed piece. Get over it. The guy is legit.
new track on my space site check it out
Different People Different Colour One Celebration Wishing you a Happy & Colourful HOLI
they wanna kno that they r important enough 2 u that u wanna kno what they tweet, follow them & make um feel special man LOL
I miss you! Xoxo
yes. Public + legal tech folks welcome to attend April 18 class competition. Details soon.
haha we have cap room. Why not try to go after a big name i.e. Parise Weber etc
Cole world cole life cole blooded <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
That is so old
I like your style...!
I hate the "who still up?" tweets um if u just scroll up or down (which ever way u prefer) ull know INSTANTLY who's up!!! Is that so hard?
Shoulders and abs today. Had to leave w/o cardio b/c became hypoglycemic during the workout. Matix post to recover!
ABC’s Series SUPERNANNY is casting for season six: www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
yay justin RT'd you !(: i knew he would soon !!!<3
W/ the new Android App style guide, be gr8 to see a complementary badge program to help developers differentiate & consumers discover apps.
We teach what we know but we reproduce what we do
: Always happy to help :)
im swaggin on these kids lol
he always does this! He cares for no one but himself.
Hormones are dumb.
and by that you mean watching me eat bacon cheeseburgers?
We think she looks amazing, too!
"Fizz, Bubble, Pop, Wow!" is back in Desert Discovery. Bring your little learner to LDCM for this fun chemistry exploration!
Happy Monday Morning!
....so angry I can't hear say something..it's not letting me -_-
Werd up that's wassup! I wanna hear that heat!!!
Oh really now?
Happy Birthday Also! RT Please welcome to San Diego!
OH! YES! YES!
Someone hand me the remote so I could rewind time
The trampoline is no longer alanna proof..
Mocha cookie crumble frappicino from starbucks...HEAVEN.
They say u should have 3 or 4 glasses of water to stay hydrated in the morning. What 3 or 4 cups of coffee doesn't do the trick!!
First semester almost in the books. I am going to celebrate this weekend by cleaning my neglected apartment. :)
All graduated!
Hope everyone had a good holiday weekend!
If you fought your identical twin in a vacuum, who would win? Neither, you would both suffocate and die.
My aunt is forever trying to hook me up with my cousin's friends.
I'm sorry, that offends me and my political views.
Would be the ultimate insult to the Packers. All joking aside, Favre has a lot to teach.
even if i thought i could fall in "true love" more than one time, i think once is enough. Heartbreak is a biotch lol
Sean Putman, outside Detroit watching basketball
Imma kool nigga until you push that damn button....
Met a guy here in Vegas from my hometown. I went to school with spoiled rich kids. That's why I LOVE not being on Facebook. I don't care!
honestly, your company is much more important than the food, but I would enjoy Manor Arms if you're up for it. :) cc/
oh yay, practice
Sorry, but 4 token touchdowns each season doesn't make John Kuhn the 92nd best player in the NFL.
RT @ FredCuellar It's Hard 2 Find Your Way Back Home, When You Don't Have A Home...
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm that nigga everyday of the week ..except on Sundays
it's also a pyramid scheme and a racket.
i'll be your wifey to make you happeh :D
please, do share when you're finished.
ok big homie I see you doing your thang.
good weekend ahead <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It's almost summertime here in Minnesota. We want to know: what's your favorite summertime tradition?
LSE is proud to announce our newest client:: District Meats by Master Chef, Charlie Palmer!
Omar is on his way to Madison. Be careful out there
All my co-workers are convincing me to go to Steve Aoki but it's on a Thursday dude
I wish it was under a giant flowery hat in Kentucky. Still pushing for that trip to happen.
Julia Childs Adventure=success!
": M milkshake! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> RT : I want to go get a milkshake or something and then watch a movie!"
Shout out to my boy as well!
A birthday tweet? Where? HOW SWEET!!
Looks like Pittsburgh has paid off their SB official tab at halftime.... Facemask my ass!
Guys check out my new end zone routine: I dial the grocery store on this giant phone.
Aw we're sorry. We have finals and stuff. But we're off so it's all good :D
you're more than welcome to send them my way lol
fuck you all. don't talk to me unless your Taylor. I'm sick of everyone being fake as fuck.
Thanks for the mention! We love the #therapy Daily!
long as God's will is done!! Oh Come on church I can't hear no body!!!! See I'm ready lolol jk
no problem
Irish you a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
of course! Hope they're useful.
GOD morning. Hitting the gym. I haven't had a normal routine in months. 45 min cardio. 30 min weights. Low fat, low carbs,& protein. &U?
Yes, absolutely. ;)
eyyyy that's it we're done randy killed you Hahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahha
I hope latimes does story on ladwp ability to serve city in disaster after #lawinds blew their pants down.
Injuries are absolutely killing the #Brewers right now... We're going to start looking like a #A team at this rate.
I think you mean biological...
I see you
we will send out a teaser soon!
THE BEACH BOYS MAY 27, 2012 AT RED ROCK CASINO AMPHITHEATER FROM $29
the Austin Food & Wine Festival
sounds like you're having a lovely spring break! (: ill be dress-shopping tomorrow, have your phone handy!
What an effort by the Bobcats.....hanging around!
checked the weather, realized it was 35 degrees and set the alarm back an hour.
#Foursquare and #Yelp should merge.
Anyone else checking out Secret Cinema at the tonight?
I want to thank the restroom at 25 W. 4th St. for introducing me to the most impressive farter I've ever heard. I call him "the motorboat."
Dear Forever, You didn’t last.
thanks for watching. I must doing speaking the truth and there is more to come soon hopefully
LOUD MUSIC/PAINT EVERYWHERE/SKETCHES SCATTERED ABOUT... I'm smiling... thinking.. enjoying this moment.
Occupy Philly movement has cost taxpayers more than $500,000 but guess they don't care bcs. They probably don't pay their taxes.
Why do people clink their glasses before drinking a toast? Answer by 5 pm today for your chance to win a ticket to Winefest!
trying to wind up THE BLADE OF ABRAHAM. Thank heavens for a co-writer!
": Only 5-Days until the 700 ft long Chalet Toboggan Chutes open for the season!"
ok I got it. 324F9C77 is my pin. I though u just needed user name.
Just ate one of the best homemade vegan oatmeal cookie eva! Yummy in my tummy(:
Thank You..
TWO YEARS OF DISABILITY! I THOUGHT OH GREAT NOW I CAN RELAX AND GET WELL WITHOUT ALL THE STRESS...OH NO YOU
Beer. Warm weather. March Madness. Beer. Not much rivals this.
Comedy sketch for Sketch 22 on space shuttle, not city of Atlantis. Serious talk about relationships via weightlessness. Gravity/levity.
i'll never love cricket. why dont u love football instead?
once again Larry Drew is costing us the series
I guess you're just another person that I used to know. sucks though cause we used to be close. i tried my best to be forgiven, didnt work.
J Lo has nothing on my bestie :))
Mountain Boy..no understand
and you didn't invite me. Hm.
There's swag for everything! There's Barber Swag! PH D Swag! CEO Swag! VP Swag! You gotta find your Swag & make it known to all who see you!
Hey there. Hope your day is going well.
S/o to the dummie hoes that gotta force they nigga to only fuck them. . . Wack sex game bitches !
Our bench is getting it done!!
ah yes. The grandest of times.
Maybe all this hype that came with the SuperBowl will bring Indy back into the discussion of an MLB team city.
that was an instrumental classic TV theme :-)
Reunited & if feels so good<3
yea way to long let's get it popping tn my love
": Wow just played my song "all in due time" for a packed house at Alibi. Dope!"shit bangs!
Aka a really long time.
I feel you!!
Welcome to flop city
"U.S. Sinks $100 Billion Into Afghan Reconstruction Plagued By Corruption" #huffpost $$$ well-spent as foreclosures & food stamps rise!
(AP) -- Officials: Afghans, US reach key agreement on transfer of detention facilities
Thoughtful criticism. RT : Peter Angelos is 1 of the WORST owner in sports. He hasn't accomplished SQUAT since Carl Ripken left B-more
Give it a shot. Life is about taking chances. I live with no regrets.
faves are: Winged Migration, and One Giant Leap.
haha touché. Luck of the non-Irish prevails!
IF YOU'RE GONNA BE STUPID, YOU HAD BETTER BE TOUGH. NO FEAR.
Trying to find the best phone for long archival trips. Necessary: VZW. Desired: (good) 8MP camera, 4G for wifi-less archives. Cheap is good.
And back to the game
check out the Jersey J Touch clip on Youtube hun!
Hey, that wasnt in the movie!
Great twitterer show their greatness by the way they treat new twitterers ~
That seems drastic! There's always a place for sarcasm and irony!
the new jcp logo looks too much like the ill-fated Gap rebrand meets Target, squared instead of rounded.
im starting to peal no!
&quot;Global Data Financial Calendar&quot; English Version Launch
tx so much for following-- i'm tweeting now from , so pls add us, too. Hope you're loving new job & life in Boston, Anne
i like just friends the old one and newer ones hum hard one turn right
I didn't even know I could back up my blog. Details?
your sons?
Health is important. I wonder why more people dont post health tips on social networks? Well at least the people I know personally dont.
no! Where is it?
THX! // What a gift it was serving alongside u in DC last week! Thanks for partnering with us &
Me too! That song gets me everytime :-) Words r just
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 58
I can hear the band that are playing downstairs. Atm it's Stand By Me... lol I can play this on piano
Friday - 4/8/2011- Recessionista Friday @ 5:00PM Happy Hour with live music from Los Radiators and Free Taco Bar Specials
TONS of writing and recording this week - can't wait
That's what it takes, I appreciate the response, interesting to hear what others think
Thank you Pam! ;-)
Follow if you love Mindless Behavior and Ariana Grande.
Sometimes when things appear to be falling apart, they are really falling in to place. <U+2665>
tweeting and walking :)
There is now a liquor store downstairs from what used to be a church.. The ghetto <<
No, FSU tackle is our target, I bet..
I've had enough nationalism to last a month.
Aye deitrick and mary mary I freakin love them
You're the <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E> to my pie, you're the straw to my berry<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
I mean I would assume so! Lol
Cashers NCAA Basketball Card: College of Charleston, James Madison, Montana, Dayton, Murray St... Shop for best line...
lol me too
Felicidades on 'Modern Family' winning a Golden Globe! Saludos
With Wikipedia blacked out for the day, I fear ppl may just start making up their own facts and publishing them. Oh, wait...
That last cypher was kinda weak somebody please save it lmao...
I love you, Maggie. That post? Love.
Love my new diamond ring my hubby got me for Val day!! Love him!
wish you were here too!
What is klout all about? That rhymes!
Hope was fired on Celebrity Apprentice and I think that Bin Laden had a baby or something.
SURVEY QUESTION: Has anybody overheard anyone say they had to stop drinking Coffee because the economy is so bad? Just Curious
IM A MAN LIKE IT OR NT
k. Done
Mason sure is slick! I hope his little brother (Agustus Wyatt?) JK...will be as slick
nice to meet you....
Someone text/message me . Can't go on fb so I'm having a really hard time talking to people.
Thanks for cOMing!
All I want to do today is watch movie trailers and not go out in the rain.
Is the official bird of FaceBook the stool pigeon?
“ Then- brad paisley <U+2665>”
I'm guessing Minnie uses mouse pads when it's that time of the month.
Sure thing. What time are you arriving? Can I get your number so I can know where to get my badge?
Well what type are u RT : I'm just NOT that type of girl ????
Damn, pull it out and stick it in the butt.
Tomorrow! $20 "13" tattoos for Friday the 13th, lots of designs to choose from. Get to early so you're sure to get in!
Okay but that was for the BOY justin bieber Haters -,-
Big miss by Josh Smith..
The airlines are working hard to get everything back in position throughout the system and back on schedule.
and I'm pretty proud of myself too.
nah nah I'm chillin. I thought...nah
I am thinking you're right, gatorade is a must on the way home i guess.
I hate this town I wish I could move. Everybody knows everything about people.
sick! Good luck!
thank you & great day to you as well :)
In the same amount of time it takes to do something ordinary, you could be doing something extraordinary! www.casabalt.org
ME TOO!!! :(( But im sure we will, if we don't i'll change to make sure we do!! :))
sorry this is a bit late but we love your choices! We like that you have a new favorite and an old favorite! :)
Bout to see
"Don't listen to all the ppl who hate 'cuz all they do is make ur mistakes for u. They don't own…"
Working my brains off today then headed to the #Reds game with some awesome people :)
Shout out to my all of my new followers
Erm, you just said cray-cray. I'm not sure how I feel about that...
Awake, arise, and assert yourself, you dreamers of the world. ~ Napoleon Hill
Haha! Just saw this. I'll change my name to Jenn3$calona if it aids in your editing process ;)
If I hear "all I do is win, win..." my head might explode
What a great weekend of football it was! Pats could possibly have payback at every step (Denver, Baltimore, NYGiants).
Drove by 3x this week, on my way to work, and saw the massive lines.. CONGRATS! DELICIOUS!
Going to miss #Scandal:(. Glad I have VOD!
the hummus and feta cheese, combined with the roasted red pepper reminded me of the sandwiches at Jubilee Juice
Florida golf stores. We can help increase sales in your store. Call toll free 18664653231 to find out how.
Can't wait to read the interviews!! Is it Thursday yet??
haha imma throw that in there for ya!
chilling with & Bradly on
It'sThe Fucking Catalina Wine Mixer.....love that line.....
Oh the things I've had to "Like" on Facebook for brand community building. How bout it ?
you tweet me and then don't answer...
Comming back to Florida ?
haha too funny!
Congrats to on your qualification for regionals. Go get 'em man.
So people start taking #TRUVADA as prevention, what happens if they do contract #HIV and need ARTs?
I actually just complained that my back was sore from lying by the pool yesterday. I'm officially worthless.
Yesterday and today were hard... I'm so depressed. I just feel a little adrift.
your are so amazing and inspirational <3
are you still looking for an excuse to leave her? i can give it to you.
sorry, misunderstood which part of his tweet you were asking about.
Still able to build a library (Knowledge Center) thanks to staff donations. Thanks all!
gotta head back to Portland later today..we play Sporting KC tonight
That T-Mobile girl kills me.
peeps that replay mike...all over pg
agreed!! “: Know what would make an email client perfect for me? The ability to drag and drop emails in tasks or calendar.”
at leats he's keeping it classy. What if you saw Swiffer refills on the registry or a DVD? True story
Be visible.
Rep that #SWAG!
so you feel like the bums that help the biologist classifying sealife?
Practiced the art of karaoke with scary as fuck
*kisses the dog*
Someone can hurt you more than you deserve because you love them more than they deserve.
spring break next week. beach house. hit me up if you want to come :)
yikes! You just sent that same tweet like 5 times in a row. Did you mean to do that?
Talk of god & drink outside bar w recently unjailed dude on crutches. Says, It's not what goes in you that follows you. It's what comes out.
I was gonna stop and take a picture for you, it's a street sign that says Bingham Pl it's in sedro Woolley
i want a summer fling. applications welcome.
kevin garnett is pitching?
I love She is beautiful
lol i was messin with ya big head lol
I just put a rly rly rly hot bite of potatos in my mouth, and i felt it run down my esaphugus vry slowly :/ it hurt like a mo fo
im really confused with this whole wim thing. :c explain?
making yourself a nice breakfast while drinking coffee and listening to the Beatles is such a good way to wake up <3
On hold for 21 min, trying to book award travel with - passed around, never connected with the 'right' desk.
We hope everyone had a great holiday weekend!
#IfWomenDidNotExist the world would end
You Should Do Party Rock Anthem!
Headed out for Galactic Double Daisy Cutter & Mikkeller Black Hole Barrel Aged Red Wine
and I thought I was your twitter bff. Tsk, so internety jealous.
Happy Mother's Day to ya too! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
the twitterverse is gonna crash. first joined, and now look who joined - not
Thanks darling. Clinic gave me $100 worth of inhalers and nasal spray and pills. Maybe I can finally kick this thing.
Its okay I guess. ;/
I always crave the worst foods at this time at night
I liked F.P.'s demonstration just now of "framing a pitch." nice little education there- let's have more of it.
Lack of logic in this argument: Let's keep doing what we'be been doing, and that's going to fix the economy.
Sometimes I feel as my thoughts to real for a fucking tweet.....
Congratulations to Dr. Syn and Dr. Kim for winning CUA Grants-in-Aid for their project, “Urban Teens’ Health Information Behavior.”
woohoo - we <3 our long-time members! And that was a great way to use that first check :-)
Call it techno if thats the way you hear it
WORD, let's start the dialogue for the conf then!
0-4 in road playoffs. Better stand & FIGHT ! RT “: I'm yellin #WHODAT all day to y'all haters!! #WHODATNATION stand up!"
RT : haha to study abroad! :p
That awkward moment when you accidentally stab yourself in the eye with your mascara wand.
Our new office manager Andrew is awesome! Storage closet clean and home-brewed beer for today's Brewnanza!
Yes! "Dip It Low" is on. I'd make that fine ass wizard spend an hour to straighten her hair then tute-jam her til she sweats it back curly!
We're all about creativity, so #ff Tweeting about art, inspiration, & an impending creative journey.
I can't stand The Herd. He's an ESPN puppet. Only cat not over the top is Van Pelt. In my opinion they're all biased.
Hope everyone is having a successful #BlackFriday!
What's good Lebron? 2 points in the second half I see you.
Trying to get through #NASCAR traffic to see Two miles = 20 minutes.
THANKS to all who Tweet and RT abt the Jillian's Story event in Utah this wk! +
RT E.Williams fast break dunk in the 4th qtr. He bumps the back of his head on the bottom edge of the backboard <- HOPS!!
RT : see you soon on the show floor!
So Life Point Church is the best church ever..
It's stuck in my head too...we're all DOOMED!
Yes, yes. I know. I'll add more carbs in later. Right now keeping it low. Maybe another week or so.
Hebrews 13:16 () 16 Do not neglect to do good and to share what you have, for such sacrifices are pleasing to God.
That awkward moment when you have to shit when your at your boyfriends house...
Same Here Love.. Never give up!!
i need to go to walmart desperately!! leavin my car at home might not have been the best idea ever..i need a ride! smh
Boombozz's 23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #3: - more solid players
you swaggin' with those titles lol
I´m in school.... I was going to have gymnastics but the teacher didn´t came...... so I´m at the computers with my class mate´s LOL
ONLY TEN MORE FREAKING MINUTES!!(: CAN'T WAIT! ^__^ #SaySomething , It will be Amazing!<3
bout to go be lazy at the beach. U?
The hallways right now are dry af
Any ideas on how to connect to data viz people in Austin?
This dog dying scene in revenge is killing me
Rs Quest ~ Devious Minds
Reaching out to #genesiswp, can anyone recommend best free FTP client for Windows? I'm a mac guy & I need to recommend one to my client.
hi there your website is down, and I want to purchase FD 8 upgrade. thx!
Wow! What a success! I was so sad to have missed this - can't wait for the next!
One shot in and I'm feeling it. Yes!
We are drawing those this week in my classes, can't wait!!
I will be discussing #braininjury on this Monday 3/26. Check your local listings for the time in your area.
sorry for the delay. Retweted your link!
Ugh, I blanked out and applied an OTA to my brand new #EVO3D and there's no way to root it yet. #white&nerdy
Did you close on your house yet?
Sorry for the delay- thank you very much!
Hey if you like metal you should check us out :)
thanks for the mention!
Fuck. Reports are Jr was a suicide.
Servers overloaded? THIS NEVER WOULD HAVE HAPPENED IF STEVE WAS HERE
This. RT Real transformation always requires abandoning views that you once believed to be truth.
lol I just saw the pics on instagram. My dad didn't mention anything about a going away party. I wish I could be there:/
That lady that just spoke about the woman's state of mental health, the doctor...needs to get a grip...she doesn't know texas
so sorry for you & your family's loss.
Just finished eating the worlds worst cereal.
Good time at TSI this weekend in NYC. Tomorrow top it off w/watching the MARATHON! What a perfect weekend
Headed back to Atlanta...driving to Whiteplains first.......
that's a negative
Stocks could actually close higher today. The market manipulators already have things in hand, although there is sentiment for a rise.
it was chilly. Didnt realize the wind until I turned around at the Drake. Running north was brutal.
Treason is a U.S. citizen's action to help a foreign government overthrow, make war against, or seriously injure the U.S.
I like to eat popcorn
Wow, photo tweets earn double now compared to this afternoon.
When I cure food of being bland, it magically becomes dessert. My cereal just turned into a blueberry/cheerio/ chocolate chip mashup w/ milk
hahaha oh yeah, I carry a cigar with me all the time-i just wanted you to hear it from me :)
Dinner at Jack Stack BBQ...The best way to end a great day of filming.
Thanks to everyone who came to our house show tonight in seattle with the hoot hoots! Basement shows are the best :)
Idc how pissed off I am, I'm not throwing my phone. Shit, throw the nearest midget. I mean, little person.
Its show time! HOP is finally back! lol ...I know im ready...r u?! :)
"...has added a photo of you." Is a phrase that always strikes fear in my heart.
I am still waiting on the Hatsune Miku costume from China to be shipped in. This week EBay said.
kyle korvers freaking beautiful
nothing serious
Ohh it's gonna be a long night
www.sporting.pt
#Promoproducts can help you gain new clients, reward existing ones and market your company even when you are not around!
praying for love in a lapdance ;)
Just cause I said it don't mean that I meant it
The PACKERS look to be one of those teams that will put up the points, then give it right back on "D", they'll get their "W"s in shootouts
#BigData, #Security & Operational Intelligence: Survey Results on the Existing Processes & Challenges
4 BNF family members: How to fit in? Integrate a web archiving program in your organization
Won our playoff game against some amazing kids!
I wish, but no, there was only 1 session this AM so I went Americanist.
Many did not understand how tragic Judy Garland's life was even starting at a young age. The play displays it well
love you too
#healthdata Code-a-thon feels like the locker room before the Superbowl! Its on!
#mygraduationspeech this middle finger is for all the teachers that's sending us in the world clueless just like your class
Right before the DIES IRAE in #Verdi Req in #CarnegieHall a cell phone rang loudly, delaying my downbeat for about 20 secs. DAY OF WRATH
Are visitors guided at all in their close and extended looking or is that up to them?
I wonder whether Bankruptcy Court would be more fun if they reversed their Rs like Toys R Us.
Last night, I tried to sit down in a booth and discovered I couldn't.
Reach out to one forever #friend today with whom you've lost touch. It will boost your #joy quotient.
First time getting lunch from loving the veggie goodness of pumpkin and chickpeas
Cleaning up this track FYHH for the bro This is a hot one bro!
I found that radio on is a good cure for the blues.
I WANNA TALK TO SAMSON!! Fly me to the moon like that bitch Alice Kramden.
thank you keep smiling
I've lived in LA, GA, & TX. The Eastern Market is by far my favorite!
That tripped out moment when your thinking about someone and then they text you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
The rest of my night will be reading Tom Sawyer
#ff to social media gurus!
ADAM LEVINE I LOVE YOU! Maroon 5 sang 10 songs! Great performance!!!! <3 THANK YOU GUYS
Sports turf is better than the old Astro turf...but it still sucks for professional outdoor soccer
i just wanted to say hey:) cause im super bored
Good morning Shannon. Hopefully you are flying off to somewhere fun today!
Why Am I Doing This To Myself ?
hes moving to Miami
The previews look good. Glad you enjoyed it! “: The Raven was worth it.”
Beginning to work on Edison Field baseball- home of the Angels. It is a beautiful park- just started to paint the front gate.
On another note, any interest in or playlists featuring local bands?
We have a few questions left and the content tonight (as usual) is amazing! Q5 up next!
For parent friends asking me about cloth diapering: I recommend GroVia to begin, then sample others after that. So easy; great fit for all.
Chuck Norris doesn't get slimed, slime gets Chuck Norrised.
OSU thoroughly outplayed Oregon in the first half, Ducks lucky to be in the game, really. Turnover, penalties and Pryor the difference.
I'm in the same situation re: book review. My goal is to get it done this weekend.
Watching the last two final episodes of Gossip Girl =)
KNIGHTHAWKS GOAL! Cousins gets his fist of the night.
the prayer on this rocks! I am using it. Thank you!
Its so cold in the D!
Thanks! I'm looking forward to it!
soo i have to say ur the hottest guy on the high school edition on #1girl5gays.... Absolutely love u
Kay, cool! You can shut up now! Bye bitch!
And have a great weekend folks - enjoy the sunshine!
I yelled Wine! Is that close enough!! haha Yayyyy! Its 5 'o-clock so keep pouring until my glass overflows!
use it to give me free nachos.
Just fell of my couch laughing when I first heard the axl rose relaxation on your new app Jimmy...can't beat beach waves..
Coffee has played an essential role in various societies throughout history.
I feel really awkward now wtf
The dream is all that matters. Dollar and a dream is available where u buy cds online
well aren't you special?
If you aren't happy now, nothing external can change that.
we won't have to worry about jenkins much long! Packers will cut him loose!! See ya!!
I learned to stop loving someone. Unfortunately, I'm starting to not love anyone else either.
The teacher just got mad at me
It's hard for me to sleep at night sometimes I wanna text her just to talk
Doing homework
The drivers are adorable buying a 4wd in NYC. As if they would ever need it.
It seems to me that if you can only vaguely recognize a subject in a artwork, then it really lets your imagination create its own vision.
LMAO! When I read that text I was like "uh wtf Andrea.. What does that even mean?!" hahaa
...those are my pajamas aren't they?
#ObamaBookTitles C.H.A.N.G.E ( Come help a nigga get elected )
The new song is taking shape, but still searching for lyric inspiration. Any thoughts?
We're running through some client ideas with RG to get the VG seal of approval before presenting to clients :^)
I should probably start my homework before I go to practice but ill just wait till 10 tonight when I get home.
I think I have finally emerged from The Food Coma. Wow.
that is in my home town! We lost a bright son that day and hopefully this will make others think before they drink and drive
Have a #safeflight1D :) x
“: I'm at club "my hotel" to see "Dj sleep.". He's about to kill it.” handle it!!
hey. Thanks for following and hello from CA.
Online lectures >>>>>>> in-class lectures
Liam Neeson's cock
whoa you were at the show back in 05?? That's awesome!!!!!
so ur going to unfollow me soon?
Happy Easter
OMG wake up, please!
We're open until midnight so it's not to late to go get your Sonic T-shirt for $3. 8212 Liberty Rd. #Baltimore west off exit 18 off 695
Training vessel Golden Bear visits Sacramento port
o ok didn't see it lol
they're awesome!
2nd period is so much better without mrs. Jackson.
and I are debating Target vs WalMart. We've come to the conclusion that it's simply a #battleofthesexes. What's your pref?
cooking homemade nachos ;-)
Check out our new look !
I heard you're doin you, & you heard I'm doin better;)
Watching "Late Show With David Letterman" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
No matter how much people wanna hate - RICK ROSS KEEPS KILLING SHIT!!!
"If you stop in for a couple this weekend, you'll like the way you feel. I guarantee it." -Bearded Men's Warehouse fella.
I can honestly say there isn't one artist at the jam that I ever heard. Guess I'm old!!
im on my period. don't talk to me unless your One Direction.
haha i know right?! hows miami? lets skype this week miss you<3
New Video: Friend decided to try waxing his chest to prove women overreact about the pain..... dont think he'll be doing it again anytime s
So what's you stopping you bro? Life's too short :).
working on san diego project...
What you guys just shared about Dale was awesome. Thank you.
Its not fair
play me some and i'll get naked whether you like it or not
Its amazing what hard work will do for you
And this makes the 6th trip to school today....and we have to be back at 5:15!
can someone tweet me im bored outta my mind! :D
Vistaar Capitalizes on Its 2011 Momentum With Strong Start to 2012
Was razzed at #alamw12 by for not tweeting...making a concerted effort to do it more.
Ha..Aye Take My HeadPhones Cuz My Other Ones Fuck't Up
This is the first day I've had homework in a long time.
Hey - Enjoy your day at the Spa & Fitness Center of !
They are
I HATE SUBBAN!
Sitting 2 seats behind Cornell West @ Anna Deavre Smith play "Let Me Down Easy" in Santa Monica.
I think I love you Linda Beaver. That commercial was funny.
got my #Quaker oats in the mail and could not be happier!
Let's all hope the OKC/Lakers series goes to 7 and OKC wins so they're real tired in the WCF.
So, someone on the chat for Austin's ustream was like "COME TO FLORIDA". Can I slap them...or ?
San Ysidro Port of Entry is closed due to a collapse of construction scaffolding. Traffic being redirected to Otay Mesa Port of Entry.
Band is blah
i have the whole entire week off school, so i will be on twitter & tumblr..everyday. :D
Q3. What do you feel is the biggest missed opportunity in #B2B marketing today? RT : Did I miss Q3???
Give the Emmy to now please!
are you on google buzz? also, i deleted most of my pics from flickr, i plan to move them over to picasa eventually. :)
You can do better, you dont even seem happy... cut him off.
We watched Rupaul's Drag Race in science today.
Maybe we are all one eleborate science expieriment and we are worshiping a scientist
Another TD for Clark. Let's go defense. Go Colts!
Finally cleared off my desk… It's nice to have a clean space to work again
People are sick.
Greatly appreciated, Angela!!! Hope you enjoy!
thank YOU for the great article!
yes.. Bullpen can't seem to get the job done these days.. Vargas did well.
Missed the Funding Forum last week? Come to Reiss 284 at 7:15 tomorrow night for part 2!
Pool break
If anyone is wondering why actresses are often thin, it's not because we are anorexic. We are just paranoid & forget to eat.
i missed my 9,o tweet. it don't matter.
yes I loved it
It's difficult. They're so lifeless and their banter is boring.
Getting my bowling lessons over the phone from pops. I would really love to take lessons somewhere.
1 Turkey Vs. 12 Hungry Tigers (Photos) You can guess outcome
The Hunger Games !!
aka yves klein blue, or cobalt. Also a gorgeous color.
RT : A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at ~ Bruce Lee
Hello Linda. Happy Mom's Day. Glad to know you had a nice with your daughter.
If you don't sign up for the free trial you will not be eligible for the 100$ prize
Great advice. Do you have a website??
pants too. It's getting warm here, after all
Would you be open to a conversation about nutrition? I partner with a great wellness company. Thanks in advance! :)
I will never buy a Mac Miller single because anyone who says "Most Dope Ass" is irrelevant to me.
#YouAintHittinItRight if she asks you "That's it?"
Heard that a handful of blueberries is the new apple a day !
OMG this guys creeping me the fuck out wtfffffff.
Dude was looking so good at senses! I aint gone lie I wanted his ass!
Ha! Thanks for the tweet. :)
Gonna watch another episode of Rupaul because that's some quality programming.
These last two days are going to be a breeze.
I hear that!
Create value by putting more effort into engineering the experience as much as the product.
Waiting for HP aamfdjfdyebdjkslxx!!!!!
Lunch at the Miami Circle Next Thursday!! Miami's Best Food Trucks and Live Music...Cya There!!
just that if Gladwell tells me not to work at a newspaper, I won't. I haven't seen the other single yet! Will look
#recruitingtrends checking out interesting webinar; Twitter for Recruiting
Happy Halloween <3
that's why your going to FAIL.
Probably one of the best #halftime shows I've seen since the
so you're a "Swag Surfer" now o_O
If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
(: well textt me first, I hate textin peopless first D:
So I am going to attempt to edit a video again. If the electricity goes out again I will kill everyone!
Lord give me the strength to accept the things that I can not change?
Blast from the past.. And.. this kid has no roof.
Well I'm tired but I'm going to stay up:))) did so much today...uhh
Mass Effect 3 has a fantastic buzz on twitter, any social media folks out there might want to check it out
followed you and listed you :) please shoutout :>
Just applied to graduate school. *BLINK BLINK*
Good A.M. Long Day Ahead
Good bye Oklahoma a state I love. Until next time. Love the hair Darla you are my first crush.
My dream is that Fred meets ALL of his incentive clauses
You never really care too much about a toilet, until it stops working. Never take your toilet for granted people. Smile after every flush
OMG THAT'S LIKE ALMOST CLOSE TO MY BIRTHDAY (:
You might want to hold out for the weekend
Ha. I might as well have dropped it as much good as it was doing.
So you're nasty & cuddly? THAT is better than ice cream or dolphin-shaped vibrators.
After the success of the Avengers NBC is looking to change the name of their Broadway musical drama to Hulk Smash.
#imagine leaving a restaurant with Austin & there are tons of paps waiting outside. He pulls you close and whispers "Just ignore them, babe"
Follow my personal --> And follow Sophie's personal -->
i remember the day the boyz tweeted they were getting on a plane leaving LA cause no more ABDC, i seriously went into Depressed mode!
On a tour of DC Promise Neighborhood Initiative in Ward 7. What amazing history here in Kenilworth Parkside. We look forward to helping.
We love the Maui theme you have going. All our favorite beaches as well!
I see u Rick. Congrats Louisville.
Today was crazy. And it isn't even over yet.
YES! As soon as possible.
That is a list of the peeps I'm missing right now. Hope sxsw is treatin you right!
I bet you look great. Take a pic.
<freaks out> <takes a nap>
Some people take twitter way too serious...how the hell do you have beef on twitter?
Candy is dandy. But liquor is quicker.
Should I post a lil somethin from the mixtape???
Opening day at WiMAX Forum Congress Americas in Fort Lauderdale. Analyst Breakfast briefings underway, keynote speakers up next....
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LANEY!!!!!!
I finally saw de Kooning & I saw the strip at the bottom of "Excavation"! So wild that it's never mentioned!
My birthday would fall on a Monday..
- that is a most excellent idea but instead i'm off to ireland this afternoon!
yoooo thanks for the follow bay b
I think I just realized why was giggling during the morning meeting. I've had a dryer sheet stuck to me for half the day!
that's what I like to hear homie!!! 90%Grind 10%Sleep #GoGetta ....
Finally some recognition, there's been a coffee named Redhead at Wendys.
4 lady a shirts and about 6 miranda shirts a gloriana shirt AND an edens edge shirt on top of 6 kelly clarkson shirts is BEYOND me
I will feed it to u I don't even know y I'm tweeting u bec u will never tweet me back and if u do u won't have a full convo
REAC for West & Central Africa Nancy Keteku is at #educationUSA booth 112 @
Why not the Kindle Fire?
Perhaps the city could name a Conv Center expansion after it. ;)
Adam & I are SO excited to announce our engagement!!! I am in LOVE with this magnificent man!!!
RT : RT "Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future." - Robert Schuller
same i be seein yu after skool by perry.. I miss ya goofy ass
Breakfast in bed?! This is going to be the best day ever!
I think urban-mtg out of town friends & they'll want to tour the city. I was thinking Rosario but it's not available in July.
Thanks for the RT re: 3-year-olds testing mobile sites!
Your mom goes to college.
Tea bags are looking most forlorn this morning. Coffee is currently my mistress and she's a wicked temptress indeed.
still kills it! =vH=.
I need another great book to read but I will not be caught up in this young adult literature crap like hunger games
Regarding allergies- hasn't Eugene lost several world class athletes due to pollen? The Brazilian half-milers come to mind. Others?
What's the matter Ruth?
Here is my second book
OMG!!! AH!!!!!!! i LOVE your new song! congrats!! i downloaded it!! DE NUEVO! 1 more song to add to eli jas collection<3
I did and repeatedly hit my husband in the arm out of pure excitement.
have a great birthday. Thanks for the amazing things you've created. Maybe one day I'll be an actor in your show.
gonna be outta town all week. Tues til Sun. Hit me up and I can link you with the right ppl
some songs are dope some r okay. U like logics mixtape?
Team BIG THANK YOU for #smwmiami success! Great insights & look forward to staying connected!
Me too !! I've only see part 1 & 2
its like the same thing! lol jk its not but its been like almost 2 months since I've seen my bestfriends and like... Ahh!
you said I'd never be able.
RT ": When I'm actually nice to people which is never it always gets taken for granted for"
Hi hope ur having a good wkend! I'm thinking about headin down ur way, would u wanna meet up?
This here is hammock weather.
arrrggghhh tourist rules being violated everywhere. Yelling across the metro aisles before 9am!
People can judge me People can shatter me, But when I am in 2 right feet Anything is possible I'm a skyscraper
wow no invite. Thanks. :(
95% of posts to brands FB walls go unanswered according to a recent study, yielding the slogan "We are the 95%." Really? How offensive.
hi hef (: I'm Maya - Just wanna say I'm a big fan and you are a big inspiration. It'd be an honor if you tweeted me back :D
No I'm not gay, I'm just not going to flirt with you because I know there's no future between the 2 of us. Sorry-n-shit.
You are so correct, With God all thing are possible. With God for you who coud stand against you?
I am down
Every relationship is different; so don't compare your last one to your new one.
Fall into my arms instead..
I love them. It's nice to go to a running store and have them watch you walk or run though, that's how I ended up with mine!
Most over used phrase's I hear.."I'm sorry" " I love you" "you don't call me"....::ninja kicks:: Stfu thanks!!::turns up house music::
ok I'll come pick you up..we can stop and get verty who I just saw joggin up russel!
The bottom of my feet feel like I just ran a marathon. I think I need to revert back to newtons.
Looking for fun on a Monday night? Come bowling with #UBAKPsi at Tonawanda Lanes at 9pm tonight! Pickups will be at 8:30pm in the SU Lobby!
It's a big day in America, happy half-birthday to myself, officially turned 20 and one-half years old. Can't we just round that up to 21?
Are you specifically talking about Ty Detmer this year?
Love the Dropkick Murphy's and Workers Song is my favorite.
Call now to advertise in our next issue of Community Links Deadline - Friday Aug 5th . 323-965-1544 ext 103 Email ..
House is a weird show
I'll never forget where I was. i'll never forget how I felt. and now I won't forget to never lose hope.
really?? I don't remember them arguing about that..
People who get lost in Houston who used to live in houston - there are no words
“: Pondi I don't want my QB tweeting #yolo ” Co-sign.
Was just thinking exact same thing earlier (except abt my situation, of course!) Showing compassion hurts no one...only helps!
AH OK. got it. It's crazy. Bad enough i got her mother semi joking about it, if my inner circle starts with it... ay caramba
kinda wanna jump through Twitter and punch u in ur limping sprained toe
happy birthday to my mom! best mom ever. yesterday we surprised hur andshe cryed happy tears so happy! ;]
Everybody scared to be a
a roomful of people with up on every screen - yep, this is a social crowd
RT The Beasties totally mangled everyone's expectations of them. They grew up. And they didn't. And both ways it was cool.
I'm Italian! :) Nice, but I have a lot to study, it's going to be an hard week. How about yours?
Happy 6 year anniversary !!! Cant believe we have been together that long!!!!!!!!
We are in Texas, and did not experience an earthquake! For those who did, I pray that all is well. Blessings!
did they do a song together?
It might be your evil twin since you seem very nice and the other girl didnt even thanked me for the shot.
Alabama Pines.
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list. #Violence = NOT THE ANSWER
:) We miss you yes I need to get back to I think they forgot what I look like
Thanks for the quote!
Are you prepared to be in -minus w/small pluses for year,maybe 3,5,10 to achieve your dream!?
Its a shame that I might never get to meet Wish I had attended one of the raws he was on. :/
"If you are with the right person, it brings out the best version of you."
What someone else did when Obama was 4 years old was newsworthy but what Romney did himself is not?
Did Fergie descend from a spaceship? If so, best show I've ever seen.
Pretty pumped to get to interview Jeni of this morning for a video for OSU!
tonight in psl. I love when my college career ends with watching an awesome band
#DeepstacksPokerTour new table! Who wants to see it? Join DeepStacks Live on Facebook!
I'm am so agitated by the fucking conformity today.When did it become the 50's again?Doesn't anyone NOT give a shit what others think?
Something's simmering just below the surface in the US right now. I'm concerned we're going to be at a full boil real soon.
you're talking out of love. Love for shitty dip.
I need to break this chain smoking
you're my hero
I have printed, but I have no tape. (Oh yeah, the shovel!)
HEY!!! With attributes like that, you fit right in!!
it all started with you. great job!
I think there's plenty of textual evidence to the contrary. And "underming/overmining" is not an argument.
thanks for the mention!
well you're almost finished (: keep your head up !
yeah you might be right! Maddux won 300, but Hank had will over 3000 his and obviously the hr's. What about dale Murphy? Ha ha
lol shut up :p
We need to know your favorite US record stores!
but what does that mean lok
are those your favorites?
How did things go with your USC DISASTER PHONE APP?
And after an amazing rehearsal dinner last night, can't wait for the actual ceremony today!
Yeah, brother. Turned into an 11 hour day.
thanks for the followback :-)
omg loved tonights ep of SAB as usual. I cant wait for next week. I will be so sad for the hiatus though :( will yall do promo?
Thanks girl (:
Finally got real comfortable....but when you first pass out...it don't matter where or how you sleep...lol
money mike dont know chit bout mickey ward vs arturo gatti second best boxing match ever.
Great meeting at game last night. Ex-NFL headliner, current all-around nice guy.
We out here starving for love, Hunger Games<21
UTC QB drafted by Packers. Great to study under Super Bowl QB.
Proud of myself squeezed in a workout in the evening! :D
oh i love u. Youre a nice lady
Let's go #Blazers, kill the #Lakers again!
thanks -- guess I misses the bug memo.
just feel better, cleaner!!
i'm going to post those pictures with i get back to mamaw's :3
he's cute in person (:
thanks for the retweet! u rock!
Right! We're like #girls, but in a world where people have realized that people of color exist. Thanks again!
I hope they are well. I hope you are well. Miss the fun times on Spirit of Washington. Xoxo Michael Bobbitt
When they make a bullet they never think about where it will end up. Good quote but I still go shooting everyday.
Rapids up 1-0 over Columbus at halftime!
Watching ATL get their ass handed to them
A birthday present to myself today: three hours of alone time at the Phoenix Art Museum.
I haven't seen it too, bc I wasn't at home on Monday :/
Glad that I didn't have to wait four years to work in my field... BLESSED.
I've got 200 bottles, Oil included. I've save you one.
I'm just starting. Lol
NO im gonna take a break from FPS for a little. Play mass effect and mlb 2k12
Can't wait until 10 mins pass cuz im gonna get wheat in magic land!
hope your Internet backbone is too!!
Thank you. I am meeting with him later if your not busy we'll come over with Eli. He on a plane now. :-)
and what dream was that, my friend?
Searching twitter for #coffee tweets....thirsty for the bean. #
Outward Bound Denver now has a Facebook page to keep you all informed of local activity!!
Ballgame is over | For purposeful practices | Try working on pass D | (Badgers might get ball w/ 30-40 secs and whole field to cover.)
You must be really high.
Twitter for good - Track. Did you meet your goals? Analyze metrics from Write, Engage, Explore steps.
I ment clucks but this damn auto correct~_~
A Fake Bitch, Thats That Shit I Dont Like .
Hey! We just relocated our office to Northwest #PDX. Any recommendations on food around here?
Happy Memorial Day! I can already smell the burgers on the grill..
Fell in love with someone who was gay?
Almost time to start tonights game vs Chicago, I hope our Bucks fans are loud and proud here tonight!
that's exactly what I meant.
Good to have you on board at ! Looks like a great view.
i hate you so much right now
I'm tired. Very tired.
well how rude
geting my oil change on dis damn car! A Lil bit of nothing! Wyd??
Happy Valentine's Day to all our sportsmen (and sportswomen)!
How are u? Let's tweet.. Have a beautiful day! Smiles DNicole
I like you, okay? But I'm not gonna admit it to you so I'll try to indirect it on here.
hate not being able to go to sleep
Welcoming Caleb Lavin To the Queen!
You can't stop the birds flying over ur head, but u can stop them building a nest in ur hair. ~(para) Martin Luther
If you hear this, you must bring home wine.
Rolling with the 2004 and 2007 World Series trophies to New Hampshire for a Veterans hospital visit.
Watching Killer Elite. Good movie so far. Jason Statham is best actor right now. Pure & simple.
Depressing how fast time went by Lets all do something fun 2night!!!
can we help with that?
I think I saw Kalon as a serial killer who gave his wife jewelry he took from his victims on #SVU once.
I set trends apparently. More importantly I'M BOOT FREE NOW!
I want to win this contest so bad!,like you dont even know! :D
"Would you rather be you or Picard? Duh, Picard! Picard wins!" - My wife is awesome.
I have a girl crush on I love her and her show. Hilarious!
CALL ME MAYBE
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
I guess since my #roommate is in the #bathroom, I'm having #cheesecake before
<U+266C> 26th July 1962 Frank Ifield had his first of four U.K. No.1's with "I Remember You" Frank still performs in Australia where he lives <U+266C>
Copyright issues for the arts community, lesson: consult a lawyer
Store-bought coffee tastes amazingly close to what you get from baristas. Starbucks? Still tastes burnt. Caribou? Smooth and full of flavor.
According to Guinness World Records, the current world recorder holder for the longest hair is Xie Qiuping. Her hair measures 18 ft 5.54 in!
I just entered to win +$100 of First Endurance and SBR Sports products at www.swimbikerunlive.com...
Still alil upset tho but ill be ok
You say it's to late to make it but is it to late to try?
thank you so much! makes sense that it's an iPad view...will make sending tweets from the phone much easier!
One Love.
Amazing iVoteFraga TEAM meeting at the Headquarters!!!
not me i dont like the thunder nor lighting i just like it when its raining n the smell of the water once it finished raining...
consistent with it and in accord with all its other consequences and conclusions, bear the hue, colour and stamp of your whole
#NCISFinale WHAT???? WHY???? HOLY CRAP
fuck yeah!!! Shoot me a copy if you get a chance!
feel free to post on FB page and please enter this years event! You can check out website www.ghartwalk.com
Sorry, didn't want to disturb you.
Must lock self in to do photoshop today!
It won't be long before all kids ave iPads in school. The time to get a grip on digital citizenship is now.
no just a quote from 's preso
Tweet of the year RT : Tweet of the day RT Man 50cent a pussy. Lol
Public service announcement for procrastinators: Do your taxes!
Must have tried to recruit Eddy Curry or Jerome James RT : Isiah Thomas has been removed as coach at FIU
Some day you should see my system and would laugh.
Lazy bitches are in for a rude awakening. If you cant take it we have 2 doors, see your way out of one of them.
Just ripped my toe nail off on my bed! Ouch! :'(
"...What the infant knows/before it figures out significance." Savoring this line in Kimiko Hahn poem in Nov/Dec American Poetry Review.
love you right back!!!!
I just watched Doomsday and asdhjskl it was just too sad I couldn't handle it.
Just tapped Helltown's Rapture IPA. Look out!
Laundromat Tuesday
Finally hit 100 I'm getting up there lol
nope i've tasted one b4 its yummy lol
me too.
I'm in the best mood ever. Being able to go out and enjoy the weather was
I think it will be truly glorious when women become real people and have the whole world open to them. Isak Dinesen
A) Whatever you can afford B) CD's, too. Sometimes, vinyl is a hassle if purchased out of town. C) End format bias.
If I could, perhaps a Sigh (instead of Susurrus) of Librarians would be more... politically correct.
of course not in rocking two jobs
Tina Turner's Aunty Entity was so ahead of the curve. In ten years, everyone is gonna be wearing chain mail.
Raging along side Fedde Le Grand tonight then bringing the party to DM us to get the #Mvp party packages deals
Another awful decision to send a slow runner by Matt Williams. What is wrong with this guy?
why would anyone not like Harper?
Actors, what actor would you most like to work with?
What a dirtbag:P
Your endeavors aren't mere thought-experiments; no, you 'walk it like you talk it'; I'm endlessly impressed; a leader, indeed.
so happy it is christmas break.....no school for 2 weeks
My solution for healthcare: no more insurance, government subsidies and guaranteed loans for large procedures. Costs would plummet.
; I hhaven't had my phone so I haven't been able to tweet .
im all for the money but im also for preservation of what is pure in sports (which isn't much)
How many of you are doing celebratory dances for Ryan Braun right now? Or is that just Krista in our office?
Anyone goin to Memphis in May?
We are not your kind of people, don't want to be like you ever in our lives.
Someone tweet meh!
Most people interested to know more about #twitter lingo, how to do more in general.
Not being able to click a selected vector layer to remove the vector outline destroyed all excitement I had for
Thank u x
Officially a month till I move into my 1st place! :)
Someday, someone will walk into your life and make you realize why it never worked out with anyone else. &lt;3 #quote ??
Starships from nicki minaj reminds me of high school dances.
We'd like to acquire the rights to your Twitter handle and can offer incentives. Please DM/reply with your contact info to discuss.
And the worst part is I can smell 's coffee in my backpack and I can't do anything about it.
lol of course
Nickelodeon,I love u for airing Friends every nite for 2hrs&for having a Friends marathon this past wk.It never fails to make me smile&laugh
Hi , You shooting the pilot here in LA? We'd love to talk to u about on my morning show!
Congrats you just ran the #MiniMarathon now run over for a FREE Cupcake ....just be here before 1pm while supplies last.
Got it!
hey, wouldja look at that! were both mcneills! WOO TEAM MCNEILL!
TSA computer "randomly" selected me for extra screening. See my earlier tweet.
Thanks for luck, I need it!! thank you for having me!
Learning about this english dude that lived in ireland that wrote a famous persuasive paper thingy and the whole time i shout out stuff ...
thanks... Good advice that I will probably follow. Not sure I feel the same way about my old PalmPilot...
yes, a factor but only when iPads are not seen as a luxury item or a status sign, then adoption for real tasks will happen
Come see #BIG #TRUCK day-May12Baltimore Museum of Industry on Key Highway 10am
hell yeah dude im a fucking gee. I just got drafted to play tight end for the bears lol
It's thundering so bad you guys I CAN FEEL THE WALLS SHAKING
I need some advice from you today :)
how do i send you the pictures for the video??
Fellow alumni's over-devotion to #FSU sports makes me dislike them a little bit. There are more to universities than just sports.
RT : You should try the new vodka from Barcelona it's called it's here in NY now!
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important
America's Got Talent #AGT tonight! I am truly inspired by the gifts people choose to share on this show.
we are going to miss you so much, thank you for everything you have done for the #Packers org, good luck nx yr
I will have fios tomorrow!!!! Comcast internet stinks
always loves to party! And Minneapolis loves us some CM!
I should of put my hair up ... Thanks rain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Crawford's having himself a nice little resurgence here; picking it clean in the field and just dumped a single into shallow LF...
Another great day on the horizon.
Enjoying the wonderful musical stylings of Jason Mraz
Lmao at everyone kissing lebrons mom
We are like tea bags - we don't know our own strength until we're in hot water ~ Sister Busche
I hope gets sick and doesn't perform at the
i luv summer, and i luv vacation. i REALLY loved my summer vacation! Russian River, Chico & Sierra Nevada, and High Sierra Music Festival!
this is game time mixing
#UseTwitterNameInSentence Put some on you Life Jacket and take someone for a ride on your Jetski
Had to put off seeing #theavengers again. Wah!
#kids Dallas Heritage Village accepting Junior Historian applications through May 11 at Dallas Heritage Village at Old City Park, Fri,...
Oh yes! Love Ewan McGregor - wish I could go back in time to Paris from Moulin Rouge (only if he sings to me thought)
Dallas Tx
lets find some pads and helmets and i'll watch the one on ones between you guys lol
where it counts i'm sure you're NEVER boring
Hoping the end of the semester means being better able to keeping up w/ helpful stuff shared by colleagues on twitter.
by former agent Josh Luchs about agents and college football, some of the dirty stuff that has gone on
Birds are so annoying holy cow
I hate how my dog goes crazy when it rains....<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><U+2614><U+26A1>
Do it girl! I'm #SoExcited 4U. Can't wait to see ur results and to C how u feel. Did u watch "Fat, Sick, and Nearly Dead"?
did you ever get response from city about your playful letter?
R.I.P Vidal Sassoon
Spring forward! RT : Sunday is daylight savings. Time to turn your clocks ahead one hour when you go to sleep Saturday night.
Don't talk to me.
"I wasn't that drunk", ""Dude, you pushed a ginger into the pool saying 'Be free Ariel! ' "
awe thanks, I've got it handled, but I'll def come out!
": Ok...Paul McCartney pretty much put everyone else at the Grammys to shame at the end....and he is 70."Great way to end the show
youre making it sound grosser than it was intended... i was simply saying it is physically possible to... as in anyone can.
We all loved Paul. <U+2639> ": I loved him but it was not enough."
Amare your a dumbass anyways for punching a wall or whatever.
At schhoooolll tryin not to get caught with my phone out goinng to be hard watch this is going to be
Watching Obamas #Stateoftheunion, pretty poetry but has no substance at all. Kinda like a #MittRomney rally speech.
just to picture it is funny!! lol 'Too white' lmaoooooo this whitxican can only half relate
Thanks. I will pass this along (as tentatively scheduled) to interested faculty.
I just started listening to your podcast and bow to you sir! Ep3 moment with Fess Parker's granddaughter was magical. Stay rad
we will discuss it...
no no no - It's not in ours it is from Thompson learning (2005) - indeed Ack!
I need some yummy game day snack ideas!! Please help!
letting everyone know I'm SINGING at The Allerton Hotel Wed & Sat nites at *7pm*! Thursday, Wonder Bar 8pm. This Sat at 5pm, The Jazz Fest
I think im gonna listen to trey songz and cry myself to sleep tonight :'(
Hi Pastor Donnie! Just wanted to say it was great seeing you again on the Cruise after so long...blessings to you!
Live Without Pretending , Love Without Depending , Listen Without Defending , Speak Without Offending .
Gospel. RT : No matter what life gives u.. Keep the plastic on the couch..
Hope these OKC boys close out LA.
"Snail Fish And Roaches" made everyone dance today at the Sock Hop. Thanks to for making it happen .
omg im sorry /:
I haven't found that to be the case. When I encounter a 3:1 comment:code ratio for bad code, I default to fetal position
huh im lost
It sucks how I'm really blind from one eye... I wonder if someone can be blind from one eye
um- what are you talking about? We still have places in America without running water...
Off to say "Farvel og held og lykke!" to We'll all miss you at All the best in Oslo!
Im gonna get a shirt that says that... :)
Why do people douse themselves in cologne before flying? Yech. I kept hoping the oxygen masks on the plane would drop.
NBA 2K11 on Wii and PS3 on eBidster.com at cheap low price is up...
When you accept Christ into your life, you have the power in you but it is not in you fully yet. You have to put all of yourself in it.
its ova wit!
thanks sweetheart- will miss you Friday & next week
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Civically educate & it’s a like a buffet. Support civic education in Iraq
thanks for following! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
awww dani I wish I could do something
Are $17 hamburgers still a thing?
have fun!
Hanging with Mikey at MI4
I'll work on that LOL!
You Just Like Them Average Females Still Going Them "I'm Pregnant" Jokes...
Figure it out Dallas.
SAME OL DIFFERENT TOILET..HOWS THE MUSIC COMING?
#top10favouritebands: Tigerdirect, , new egg, Dell, HP, Apple, Sony, Toshiba, IBM, Gateway.
I'm not really sure how much of an impact Mr. Ed had on communication tech. but he sure had an impact on TV entertainment.
lol! Thx man!!! RT : Good seeing you too bro!We were looking for you.BTW that A7 is meeaann!
only a matter of time til he's throwing gatorade jugs at john buck
; uh-oh.. Looks like you've fucked up again.
lmaooooo awe mom come on lol
#naz2012 #naz2012 congrats!! You did it !!
Download Marvin Mo Watson, single [ Baby Whats Going On ] at itunes,cdbaby,amazon and more only 99c
NO U WON'T SEE ME:( MY BOSS WONT LET ME OFF
if you ignore my late night meeting invites it's a deal.
Oh please say to me you'll let me hold your hand .
why not?
not long till u come back n the party begins nig lol
Now you can buy that new trampoline!
Are you a guy or a girl?
Special is a Midwest Grilled Cheese (Colby, Swiss and Bacon on Sourdough) w/ Tomato Bisque for 6.49. Another gorgeous day!
This is sad. I wish I could do something more
“: I'm an syracuse university alum. Omg!” you did it!
Alcohol is a perfect solvent: It dissolves marriages, families and careers.
RT : Today 5-7pm: Wine Down Wednesday at ACL Live, w/ the very talented Free wine & food by Malaga....
Whatever happened to whole hearted, honest #marketing like Ms. Cleo the telephone psychic with the fake #Jamaican accent?
yes its real good, a lot of action, it never gets boring!:)
Off to the mall with and Jordan
Oh. For the first time I understand why people use framebusting.
omg, ash stymest is so cute c':
we have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is... to be needed.
One way I encourage youth is through positive reinforcement :)
FAST LIFE
and Hawaii is amazing!!
I think ic
lol why did you move.
appreciate the solidarity.
Hanging out at the #pdxartsforum tonight. Glad to see such a strong community showing!
#ThankYouLiam for making me the great person I am today.
HOW HAVE I HIT A FOLLOWING LIMIT! WHAT IS THIS? i try to follow someone, AND I CANT! other people follow more than 2000 people!
Can't express how frustrated I am that the First Shot competition requires entrants to be over 25. What's the point of that?
yay! glee starts again on tuesday :)
That article on social media isn't about police corruption but political corruption. Man this is hard.
At the home opener? Let me know if you see anything promoting the NKF Kidney Walk :)
i was having such a lovely day out in the sun. that is until i hit my knee on the damn screen door!
it all depends on how you are w selling
yes!! finally not tired. I Wrote two more songs, one you need a verse on.
myspace.com/myrthaj
That moment when u are lost and don't know who to turn to
i didnt ask u out someone hacked my account and prabobly sent tht to u
Shout out to #iAmPnAsTy and #DaOnLyMaRz. I'm proud of Yall :)
Yummy Carnitas! I call it my Brandy Style Burrito.
If I can't walk my heart, I can't walk anything... It doesn't matter how horney I get. -Pam #62&sassy
Hey babies wanna carry me to bed? I'm lazy
Like PS3? Like #AXE? Enter to win a PS3 Move Bundle Pack, just follow for ur chance to win! -JWA
THE WOLVES "MEDIA" IS N FULL ATTACK MODE. NO MATTER WHAT POTUS SAYS THE'RE NOT SATISFIED. SHOULD'VE REMAINED STEADFAST "HE IS EVOLVING"
Even though i can be THE biggest bitch sometimes to my mom, i wouldnt trade her for anything to tell the truth
YES RT : w/Cindy Wasserman , Jenny Long, Sebastian Steinberg & Evan Vidar: SO good.
Happy Mothers Day Mrs. Sanders! <U+2764>
Congrats to all the #YPA members who made the
Gilead Wins Business Innovation award for technology
have a great day!
Just finished a day's worth of work on Episode 28 of Parlour to Parlour. Actually earned a few bucks and a Goorin Bros. hat in the process.
Best fish fry I've had in a while. Gotta love
congrats on the #crunchies win for best social commerce app
well thanks! and it's all because I didn't get one of your cookies
Thanks for visiting us! We hope you had fun.
I CANNOT WAIT EITHER LOL.
Had a great time seeing today! She put on an amazing show
I hate how I'm so ticklish.
After #thinklikeaman I declare #kevinhart to be the new King of Comedy!
it is? All right. How about Marc "Galoshes" Gasol?
Awesome! Looking forward to your tweets!
I just remembered, I'm dissecting an earthworm tomorrow in biology #Gross. I'm afraid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> .. Disgusting!!
I teach SMM to artists RT : How many colleges offer classes in social media marketing around the country?
lol don't get mad at me now because I didn't pick you lol.
Yes indeed....choke fuck???
Dinner my Morgan and daddy. :)
We just sent an incredible deal to our text club members. You can join the club by texting FujiFanClub to 96362. Do it now!
Tune in tonight @ 8p PST on Fox Soccer Channel to watch vs Big match for the Timbers, playoffs are within reach.
looks delicious!
Awesome! RT : The President of Iceland has appeared at 2 of the past 6 events in that country.
We endorse the Anti Bully movement!!....*_*
Cool! 18C book trade. I think Spending this afternoon transcribing minutes on Chambers's "disenfranchisement" after the Rebellion
Prayer works.. How are u by the way?
Oh the humanity!
I hope you feel better
Cassie! We'll have to watch it sometime. Gheez. Where's Brian?
Yeah, we just saw Justin Bieber.
I'm doin well too! Just keeping busy :) what have you been up to? Miss ya!!
Getting ready to kick off the first CityGrid Hackathon in Los Angeles tonight @ Coloft!
i have to wear a boot on my ankle nd get a MRI on saterday im scaried can anyone make my laugh or smile???? :(
Fine. I didn't want to use the internet today anyway.
#nfldraft yes he will be but any worse then Locker, Ponder or Gabbert? Happens every year.
haha sure do. :) be-a-utiful.
So happy husband is home from long trip. Son home tonight and all will be whole again.
At least they're PopChips...
I asked my bldg's security guard if he was a programmer (nope) by day cuz he looked geeky with glasses. LOL. Hoping one will show up asap.
nuh uh im standin in the screen
great pickup for texans with Jared crick
Who are you looking forward to play as in Resident Evil 6 (Leon S. Kennedy, Chris Redfield, or Jake Muller)? ^NN
bout time you get out! Lol
Not a problem! Woo!
No problem thanks for being awesome and protecting the world
Expozure Atl is back and presenting the first exclusive digital fashion show/ networking event
I love this one, since I have been "pregnant lazy" for a few months now.....
congrats! All sounds good & exciting!
Sunday football.
hey :) big fan
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
"Rhiiiiinneeestones. I'll put rhinestones on anything. I'm the bedazzler queen"-drunk woman at bar
If I'm not mistaken, NYR-LAK was the very first game of the season in Europe. They would begin and end the season together.
Love how in the new #TeenMon trailer #Bentley says "hell no" lol its too cute! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
That would be good to know.
No problem. It's a fun one. RT : Romney gets the fast-lane nod, huh. Great story thanks for sharing.
I miss Megan && my tummy hurts. sigh.
A tweet I posted back in October is suddenly being RT'd all over the place. Kinda random, but nice!
Have had an amazing time #cleaneating around Edinburgh. Now heading south for more adventures.
The nonprofit is looking for former consultants to mentor young profs. Would your members be interested?
Man, you gotta play it. So much comic book material--it's great! But w/ right direction, a Batman Beyond movie would be dope!!
Please read my latest post on Get Satisfaction. I cannot believe all the conflicting info I've been fed by all @ AMC
wow, thanks for the link. I think I could possibly create a post for something like that. Let's see: February 25, that's a Sat!
I don't think thats uncommon. RT My grandmother Pronounces forehead "forred". It disturbs me.
If your not happy with yourself. No one can make you happy.
When Casey was 16, Teen Actress went to Sarah Michelle Gellar for Buffy. Maybe a hellmouth opened up and ate all the talent
Alex Burnett? Okay.
I can get you more hats in June!
if Margie hates you then you are most likely a good person.
Stop favoriting my tweets
my 6000th tweet is dedicated to my fellow 2012 graduates all over the country and around the world!!
Music lives in me!!!!
This metro is about to make me really late hahaha
If I had a dollar everytime I wanted to fuck I'll b rich lol
Kinda have a crush on .
Frak me! I want to point out a major faux-pas btwn burgeoning online publication & local art org. Shld I send emails or start commenting?
STOOOOPPPPPPP! :'( CAN'T BELIEVE I'M MISSING OUT :'( :'( :'(
Things are much better today on W Sea Bridge. Only 25 min to go 2 miles.
Was looking like a sexy manakin today with all her Nike on lol
I Wish The Boys At My School Were Classy Gentlemen Like and
Fucking Crawford, make a fucking save, Jesus Christ. Dont expect him to see another season in Chicago
Get my laptop todayy
Might have to brave walmart today.....
Wait, you're back in the city?? We so need to catch up.
HEY YAW!!
#oomf asked if that was all my ass n my bkground pic...#bitchofcourse now get ur own&get off mine
Hey! That was my idea! I'm going to sue. And then take it with me. ;)
BTR is so 2010. Lol ah I need to show you good music :)
Hey Went to HS with you! #Kempsville HS 1992! Congrats on all the success! ~ Aaron Steele
I'm so glad I've changed when it comes to choosing friends.
Just saw one in my back yard too. You can usually spot them down in the Miss. river gorge (N side) in winter - not all leave.
#Honestly , Last night was amazing(;
Thanks for your support Ralph! We're so happy that you like the show:)
when are you getting your j cole tickets
I want to learn piano. I think I'm going to purchase a keyboard later this year
RT : "Have you ever noticed? Anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, anyone going faster is a maniac." - George Carlin
thx found it(:
Lizzy Kapplan? Cause if you mean her, she's fkn hot as hell on earth.
The diff between growing up in East Cobb and transferring to Marietta ... All my friends from East Cobb have made something of themselves
maybe but I would prob still pronounce his name 'Ben eye-ver'
If there's any left! Lmaooo we want that cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake!
The universe is being really weird today. The up side is watching crazy people talk to each other in a language only they understand.
Had Cheese on a Stick,from the Mall!Cherry lemonaid,hotdog,a cheesestickn fries!
Ah well, the website is down again at rewards time. Every time I think it will actually work but alas, it never does. Typical.
On a warm spring day, the fun starts here...Zuma Fun Center is open from 10am to 8pm today.
Hopefully we can get there very soon! It was really fun hanging in line last week.
Weezy F baby tatted on her butt
Ferry St in the Ironbound, of course. The Newark Museum, Peddie Memorial, Sacred Heart & Branch Brook, Rutgers Jazz Institute
dang it!
Hahahhahahahaha I hate you. Just left the hotel
Food in your freezer will remain safely chilled for two days. Keep the door closed as much as possible.
We do indeed exist. Glad you found us!
Well i can't do anything it flooded all night and my car is stuck in the yard i shoulda parked on the driveway! :/
I hate it when the weather does that ://
Just watched a man pump his own gas in New Jersey.
Hope everyone had a GREAT weekend! Now let's get ready to dance!
Nahh. Im just not constantly on twitter. #GetALife;D
Just finishing up my Gospel Jazz CD about to take the world by storm.
We’re so busy building containers (pots & pans) that we forget the ingreds/food/content in the pots & pans the customers want.
Excited for the #solosummer, starting with lunch @ restaurant by myself during the workday, enjoying my free birthday meal and a good book!
lol ;) yup, i should fix that
Do you think tattoo artists go insane after they do a certain ammount of butterfly tattoos?
Focus On Orlando Uy ~ Walking With His Camera
c'mon now, you know the (unspoken) rule: brown girls can't be 'indie' on tv...or film, or even my beloved
They stole it during my solo too - no respect for the music! And a jazz band tip jar? Don't they realize jazz musicians have no money?!
Seeing at the Improv tonight :)
Earth Class Mail.
What a weird long day
Thanks to artists like you, Anne!
no no way
Funny you should mention What happens if you start a tweet off w/your own handle? Goes...nowhere?
have fun with our neighbors to the north!
Let's get into trouble
I understand finance and it's role in the region, and I will work for a complete repeal of #Dodd-Frank. Let's return #NC to greatness!
I would love to buy a 1TB drive with 1TB, not 931GB. Loss of 7%.
Dave Duerson, now #Seau, bounties, playing in the #NFL has some dark consequences
Since is not distributed in NM, I'll have to go a few hundred miles to get me one. Be back soon.
she did it.
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
Peed, smoked, got coffee. Back to work.
follow me on twitter
So here's what I do when I start a new screenplay: I take out my character notebook and I develop the top few characters…All hand written
Never forget the lesson it taught you ;) x
LML you just made my day! :)
stop being a bad student and take notes now.
thanks! Neither can we! Hope to see you on the 14th at the groundbreaking!
What's worse: seeing a dog get hit by a car or seeing a woman in hysterics after hitting a dog with her car? Don't think I'll sleep tonight.
Yep. Her blog is inspiring! I also like her "best line / worst line" bit (You're welcome, sis)
yeah buddy. I'll give ya a call when I'm walking over
Me too. “: I'm inspired. took his passion ( ) and combined it w/ his skill (social media). #SMCRVA”
Need a UV Coater for Digital Printed products, 12"x18". Any suggestions?
Dr.King Legacy
You are sexy AF!! What you doing?? Don't be a stranger baby!
lol. They both look really young, I'm going to guess it was taken in 1995
haha you're so random! Oh you're a dancer too? Look at u.. You sing too?
#twitter Love the new layout on my phone! Definitely more user friendly for the mobile user.
omg I didn't even think of that =/ shoot, I gotta tone down my swag
#SJSharks Clowe will score first...from the bench!
I'm delirious and tired. One critical review down, another one to go. Ugh.
good idea friend
object as inspiration.
how was the meet and greet?!!
Yay! RT : Starting work on music for 2 new shorts, both of which have twitter accounts: and
Lol HI! how have you been
RT RT Courage does not always roar. Sometimes it takes courage to remain silent.
Wow that ceremony was crazy long
We came up with a great new song today! Good band practice.
If you tweet me a goodnight tweet, I would be in heaven!! <3
We've had bad luck with our kids - they've all grown up.-Christopher Morley
I'm jealous of your life most days (:
. --> seen any human health impacts from #climate or global change already happening?
I'd say much, much older than the Clinton administration.
did she block u
Sorry didn't mean to add to your blog convo. multitasking.
The Denver Donkeys traded with Patriots Pats move up
Now days niggas so grimy u gotta talk to them like they the POLICE..
What's your favorite cartoon character voice?
Your cool(: lol
Hi FranckMaintenay, thanks for following!
We set the record for number of times sent to the corner early in the day. Now its gone from 3 minutes at a time to "until I say so, dammit"
Time traveling?!
"Long distance relationships are hard? Fuck you. I have to pay to meet my boyfriends."
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':29
good stuff man, congrats
I have ran many a mile to the Beasties - thanks for the push.
And really? How often does it rain in New Mexico, correct?
*Insert popping bottle of champagne noise here*
Bring on the interview!
thought about it but think I am going to hold off for now...
I need to be inside. I get dark to easily.
Me either
has found that honesty is NOT always the best policy.
Crazy lighting storm in Jackson....and the thunder rolls, and the lighting strikes!
Step away from the crowd & reserve your bottle service suite TONIGHT! Call 303-322-1717, get your own exclusive room at the Penthouse club.
It was only because I was still a student. Next time, I'll have to pay the full $79. Still will pay for itself anyway. :)
they ride in cars from one lost soul to the next. They come to believe all civilians are that way.
That #bills defense might shock some people next year. #nfldraft good pick
dude, we will have a bonfire ahha. How bout tomorrow? Bc I have a pt appt, dinner, an I have to finish my research paper
Hi John. Would love to work with you on an upcoming project. Has a budget. Would love to discuss. Thanks!
Jk The Crayon Song is never going viral... EVER! I mean it Devri!
Apple has sold 172 million iOS devices. None of them can view Flash. SO STOP USING GODDAMN FLASH!
basketball in north carolina!
Hi Aaron! Plz let me kno new show dates! Thanks so much 4 invite on 4-3 I just left Nash. On 4-2:( love to hear you soon!:)
Great article & agreed with Mitra. Technology can provide students in developing countries w/ the ability to learn
mine is not new though:)
Fax needs to die like IE6.
Movie recommendation is Keenan Ivory Wayans in "Im gonna git you Sucka"
Now up - south America - unlike Europe, no "common trademark" in South America
#ITUworld in parallel with a little known event #bapi. Different ways to make world's data both more secure and more accessible
ARA has offices all across the country. I am in the Atlanta office and focus on all markets in AL, GA & TN.
Thank you for following
Perfect. Perfect. Perfect.
Let's get it Marc
Just cursed out the people behind me in the theater. Fuckers wouldnt shut up.. when samuel jackson speaks u listen
#HCG #Weightloss Weekly Tip: Choose grapefruit as ur fruit & cayenne pepper as a spice, both are known to facilitate greater fat burning!
Sherman D7 said infrastructure must be n place B4 construction. Promise?
Trust me- go for the trashy romance. Beats "Left Behind" at the very least...
more please!!!!!
I am so sick of him! Please make him go away!
#BWEChat tomorrow night at 9 EST. Our guest is and he's going to talk about why Pinterest isn't just for women
IT WOULD BE SO MUCH BETTER IF U WOULD PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT BE A WISH COME TRUE UR SO AMAZING & ADORABLE :)<3333333333344
I'm glad to hear it. I hadn't heard the same from many others. Have a great market!
Um no ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes!
hi!! dang i feel like i havn't tweeted in foreva!! haha ;)
aw yeah girl
At the family reunion, Hardy tells Pine's nana, "I gave you a grandkid but screwed it up." Also nana had a faint Brit accent.
Midst crafting my five-minute elevator speech on mobile interpretation. Any tips? Could be a fun thing to add to the wiki
Hi Again Skip, I'm doing Still Photo/Journalism in the Airforce. Could I translate that to a tv career on ESPN in the futur
Mom's graduating today!
Even with an amazing Pediatric Dentist, my 8 year old daughter, who has #Downsyndrome & #autism flips out every.single.time.
No statistic can measure potential.
I love that advocated 4 full time mamas on #MostEligibleDallas! I adore a lady who recognizes how hard a #SAHM works!
A tough day today.
I just saw the wiener mobile crashed into a house on the news.
In bed dying with the flu :(
#MDSParentLectureSeries teach them that they can learn to master difficult things...stop being such a cheerleader!
yeah that place is a mess
I'm depressed what u up to
oh ok don't put that negative label on me that's all...
I am the better twin
are you going to come back to houston
I can tell certain people don't like me no more.
Today at practice we had to scrimmage the girls..
aww i did feel very special with this tweet;)< 3
we are all crazy parents
traveling in severe weather conditions. Hope all is well on ur side of the world.
I will be proud to vote for you guys!! You all are fantastic :D
I agree with this statement
Just dropped off at JFK at 4am. just pointed out the Enterprise and called it the Endeavor. Lofl.
Just changed handle to Pls update accordingly. Thx.
are you doing rails for fun & $ now? Or just for fun?
This convo reminds of my pres last sem on design & ed; drew comparison bet. assembly (sg daily school assembly) & assemblage
Just a loss, the Brewers are 20-4 and still 4 1/2 games up in the AL East. Big deal?
National Urban League Congressional Black Caucus Champion Awards being presented now.
so proud of you, and wish I could see you rock it out!
yikes. That sucks. Hang in there.
follow me.... , please :D please :D please :D please :)
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
haha just want to talk :)
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago... I miss them so much :-(
is going in with the WU!!!
Damnn okay na lol you going to be in Miami on tour right?? I hope you be cool in person I'm ready to have fun & laugh lmao
I probably won't do #wordwar but I will use that time for a sprint. So, far behind on
we love you always looking out for the fans thats whats up
I'm getting confirmed in June (: Just thought I'd let you know hah<3
just told me he doesn't like #community and he really doesn't like #chang. I've lost respect for you as a man.
I would have thought it would be hot or warm too, but they say around March it should start hitting the 130 degree weather.
When asked how often do you update your Facebook, Linkedin status, or tweet? Most accountaints say almost never! NO! cc'
Tweeting some love on your page !
Rainy day in SA means alot of baby making going on this afternoon...
how could I not ? hahaha
Tonight I'm ridin' shot gun. Wallpaper goin OFF.
Back to work. Sometimes I feel like I'm a startup "monk." Work, eat, sleep, repeat.
miss you too im always thinkin of you <3 text me
Come get hydrated with ZICO at the manhattan beach pier! Grab a sample and beat the heat!
last day in Africa! Visited elephant orphanage n am going to "adopt" (sponsor) one! :) pics soon
Thank you Thank you. Here's looking at you, duck. Take care of my in NYC!
thans to you too
Just finished eating pizza and testing out Google Chrome! Getting ready to chill with some friends!
Think that was best airport exp. I've ever had at MSP, taking off shortly for Vegas! Hope they make unrestricted "expert" TSA lines perm!
thanks for the follow! Hope to see you at our HUGE tailgate 12/9
I think the whole point is that this is to support the demands placed on the #ds106 server by those outside UMW, no?
Started selling e-readers at work. It's 80% fun and 20% sheer terror on my part.
As long as we don't have to listen to Justin Beiber's "Boyfriend."
Great Victory for NFL players today!
- We do indeed care and we're working on this problem at this very moment!
woah! What you been munching on there ?
Love everybody! But sometimes it's best to love some people from a distance!
how about homeopathic sugar pills? Then the vodka will cure inebriation too!
Rhyme schemes like tilapia, double-grape Dimatapp-ya
haha, im doin good... how about you?
Surg for 5/11 on hold 3-4 wks. Dr in car wrech. Working on getting home by the weekend to wait & can watch a game on
When you live in love, life brings you everything you need. When you don't live in love, life brings you everything you need ;).
Come into Posh tomorrow and celebrate Tim Tebow Day! Channel 9news will be here! Come show your BRONCOS SPIRIT!
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude
3 Screen Minimum: Convergence of TV & Social Media
Your So Pretty! I&#39;m Jealous! &lt;3
ah so stoked for tonight!
Getting ready to eat lunch with my honey! Yes I am sickening!
Question of impact of design on curricukum. Imptce of "Designing Together" See
Did the #Phillies really score 5 runs? In one game? and is Polanco really tied in HR's with Puljos? Who will be the first to No. 2?
Just barely caught the train to grand central this morning on our way to manhattan. Bitter cold ny morning.
I just found two different sets of hair in the archives I'm working on. Are these the moments you archivists look forward to?
I should say Lewis Lapham says that McLuhan said "We shape our tools, etc." A nifty quote, but not as tidy as it appears.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out. - Author Unknown
I need to wash my clothes for tomorrow but I'm afraid my tanktop will shrink
pretty sure a celebrity died, so there was that.
Projected Starting Line up
All art is but imitation of nature.
thanks for the love babe!! :)
where them niggas wallace n' gromit at! we're going back to NV to find them. #uthinkthemniggasyouwithISWITU????
RT Go Harvard! We need you to win in order to show the world that having wealthy parents matters in all aspects of life.
Other than everything else, is there anything more delicious than a fortune cookie?
So...I just found out I'm not the wallet. I got left on the park bench, in the rain. *Oh well*
Been off to recover from an outpatient surgery this past week and a half. I'm really ready to get back to work!
Reading ya'll tweets while I'm on hair & makeup!! What about ya?! RT What are you doing right now? 36 <U+2764>
you welcome
Awesome Art=artist (as mentor)+student+peer/guided online sessions+studio time+project/challenge. Hard part is...idk.lol.Biz?
keep on keeping on!
Thank you!
It's a good saturday... Happy cinco de mayo & FA Cup. Let's go reds!
Tonight at #Echelon3000 Ladies Free ALL Night...!.
Great, I like listing alternatives! Good luck with the new venture.
We have an old Gerber plotter, HS15, and a Gerber EDGE in our shop that we don't have software for.
U need 2 play Gotta Get It by Tyrese...
Lmfao I would never -_- RT : Fuck I look like going RIVER RAFTING? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
"We recognize our obligation of service, fair dealings, truthfulness & responsibility. It's our Company's greatest asset" -Wm Cooper Proctor
high caliber... ya mom keeps page'n me...
Doesn't Senator Rest have some cookies to bake at home?
RT Happy Birthday, Kenny Loggins! (63) Now that is something to celebrate on a Friday...and now "Danger Zone" is in my head!
2 papers finished and started on my lab presentation for Thursday, guess who's been productive today?
"Peeinhispants"=penis pants
Hope your Easter will be as bright as your smile and as warm as your heart.
STRANGERS think I'm quiet. MY FRIENDS think I'm out-going. MY BEST FRIENDS know that I'm completely insane!
2010 is the way to find another car, another four-year institution, and another job.
I'm here with Christa to visit the Black Metropolis Research Consortium tomorrow!
Mark my words. #path is the next big mobile app and the company is going to kill it. $400+ million.
Thanks Linds :) I'm slowly figuring it all out!
Bright side :)
Lions finally drafted a tackle!!!!
I cant be in a car thats raggedy... I get paranoid that its gonna break down at any seconded...
-chocolate, almond, chocolate, almond and chocolate.
Winning Opening Day baseball doesn't make the entire season better.
That oh crap moment when u realize u didn't do any homework.. Yeahh. I just had one of those moments.
And I can live without you but without you I'll be miserable at best.
still planning my new video...
how about a team tactical playlist that's not third person? that would be awesome!!!!! PLEASE!!!!!
what a wonderful charity, thanks for sharing!
People don't realize how vast my music taste is... Honestly.
eating a yummy dinner and watching Sense & Sensibility as tho we hadn't watched it 150 times before
I don't know what I'm going to do
Come see me today at Tulsa Art Performing Center 2 & 8pm. Revenge of the Space Pandas.
What Up Wit The Studio
if only there was a way to make cash without the paying bills part...
you're a pussy
Charlotte where have you been doing research, what good sources have you found?
Thnx 4 following. WE dont see a website 4u. Get a free MicroSite on AgooBiz 2 promote your web designs & reach more markets.
thanks to everyone who checked out episode 1 of On Freddie Roach on HBO! I tracked the score with the eternally handsome JJ Wiesler...
I really scared my sis wen I thought you followed cuz I screamed but u was on the list if ppl I was f
Welcome to all my new followers. Haven't had a chance to be on Twitter much lately because of my daughter. Please catch me up to date.
Aw thanks for sharing! Made me smile & #mamavation is my favorite hashtag too! :)
I'm doin alright! Not on twitter as much as I should be! Sorry my reply is so late! LoL!
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Amen! RT : You can correct grammar. But if a content creator isn't on brand, you can't edit that in.
That last RT? It's exactly what I have been thinking.
Let us not promote or permit the exploitation of a perpetual adjunct class without reliable salary, benefits, employment!
u didn't know?
potbelly's for lunch??
Isn't it always the start of something new.
- I am a Drita Fan too-just love her to pieces. She is the Realist!
need to get me in the studio I'm dying over here
Women should not have children after 35. Really... 35 children are enough.
I'm not against africa @ all. But I've seen way too many people look upon the continent as this ideal place where all will be
happy birthday
i hate when people yell at me, i dont even let my momma yell at me why should you?
Loud and angry doesn't make you right. It just means that you are loud and angry.
Jaden Smith "Flame" . . :-) This my shit!
Clueless is on TV used to love this movie
The visual mechanics pushed it away from casual: the likelihood of getting visually and geographically lost was the main turnoff.
#NICKICOMEBACK Like asap!!
finishing up 2nd-to-last project for one class.
That Artwork for Porter Robinson is dope!
this is why i need to move to the city, missing out on amazing food porn
I am reading "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" by Douglas Adams.
I'm headed to tonight with to hear read, to meet some #bookpreg authors, and to carouse. Word!
What a set list! Who needs an after-party with a show like that?!
Agreed! Feel better!
First and Last year in Math & Science!
definitely going to be a good day!! Viva los Caps and #RG3!
What do you do if you fiend King Kong in the kitchen? Just don't monkey with him.
"So how'd you guys meet?" - "hahahah funny storry....." lmao I love you<3 enemies to bestfriendsss. what would I do without you? :)
very true, may have just jumped to the top of the list. Esp being hardshell. Cc:
Lesson learned again. It's really pretty important to register your plates on time.
Niggaz In Jersey!
no problem, I'll be here all night ;)
do you know if we had a take home test due tomorrow in theology??
just being funny
thanks for the
Strength training started,train tickets booked,knee still messed-up.www.action.org.uk/sponsor/moya.
FINALLY this is about Whitney...in the last 30 seconds...
WHAT THE F THEY BROKE UP? THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE :/
what I've seen of Lichaj, I agree. Doesn't Chandler play CD too? You think his USMNT role will be out wide?
who you going to TOA with?
Good morning
or you could just take that Fen Fen you have stashed at home cc:
"May our love be like good wine, grow stronger as it grows older." Old English Toast
Depends who's pitching it. I still stand by Clerks.
Friends accept you for who you are and don't pressure you to be someone you're not.
We are busy working on our record. We will have more shows coming up soon! ;)
Are you there? I know the feeling. I missed him two times in Phoenix this march :( Only went to 2 games too.
it's mutual
Interactive Technology to play crucial role in Disney Stores Nationwide - www.sojolounge.com
Thanks for hosting a great mixer, ! Can't wait for the next one!
Oh sure, "SEO Optimization." Cool. Let us mortals know how to Search Engine Optimize Optimize when you get a chance.
aw :( i know how it feels....except the shaving part. lol
This day is a
Last PT: #Tiger fit well w Buick's golf strategy so they should build similar strategic equity w creative programs using
Matt Groening Talks ‘The Simpsons ’
Nicki crazy but love her crazy self entertaining
To All The Fabulous Women Holding There Children & Family Down...Happy Mothers Day To You
Thank u baby!;) RT there r those sexy legs m
is it too early to go to bed?
I give #Revlon photoready airbrush mousse a big thumbs down, just returned to Walmart.
You honestly think you can swim a 24.8 this summer? You barely broke 26 this winter. There is no way in HELL your getting 24.8.
looks like Employer means you "gain access" to "current and upcoming apprentices". You still have to compete to hire.
I feel happy.
All 3 levels got wins tonight!
lol what up doe
Saved cute pic of my son when he was 3 y.o. as bckgrd on laptop. Every time I log on and see it, I get mom-sappy.
I def agree. Ive had runners who are otherwise starch free set personal bests by only taking 60g maltodextrin 1 hour b4 race
debuts six new songs tomorrow night @ Pineapple Jacks 485 Spencerport Rd in Gates. Back @ East End Fest Fri Aug 14. Ever play East End?
I'm trying to get 5 regular tickets and 2 senior tickets close to Christmas.
Sam told me you visited
Tour Report: One-and-done? Try Furyk, Zach or Rory
If Peyton can still play that shouldn't even be a concern in his mind ": If Peyton goes to Denver and it doesn't work out...
I really think MLS supporters more like have more in common then diffrences
the ultimate goal of this is to make that 30 into at least casual observers
Nice to see some early #BatMagic from Csan. Time to get an early lead and than bury em
Doctor Office Property for Sale and get FREE business. Condo in Professional building - medical/dental use. Currently configured as 3 exam …
Emani just hacked you
The Terra Nova season finale was amazing! But sad :(
still not over all the changes in lion and now they're announcing mountain lion? eh. wake me up when 11.0 drops.
RT : USDA spent $220 million in 2004 on nutrition ed, 2% of what the food industry spent on mktng to kids.
TYLER BLOWS!
Ay Ay girl you got a nice body to ;) but you better get an la fitness pass I'm going tomorrow by myself ALONE!!!
Thai food in the
i've been great listening to your killer new album and getting excited to see you in Philly at Springle Ball! How are you?
hey dm me please
You remember when he mocked our female LtGov's colon cancer? No?": Wow! Funny that never got national airplay."
Everyone give a shout out to our guest, …it's her birthday today! :)
why is that.
shittt, American dad is a brazillion times better
GL ERIC
Man just watched Shaqs Allstar Comedy Jam(2009)... killt it as usual..."my daughter was takn balls to da face" lmao
I don't have time to watch tv, especially that show
#alwaysbehustling RT : 'There is a kind of victory in good work, no matter how humble.' - Jack Kemp
That creepy old man in the van telling me to get in is
weird 7 hour work-days :O
Is there a better workout than in the park? I'm fit in my 40s, been working out for three decades and I don't know of a better one
HoodTranslation101: "I'm chillin tonight bruh" - My current financial situation won't allow me to partake in the festivities. Hit me up tho.
there was a time when i thought yur lies was the truth.. now stop sub-tweetin bout me damn
: Ha no we got movers!
Happy Birthday : )
i'm so fucking heated
embedding my twitter feed in my new site. Shmeeps will have to be mature in her tweeting from now on.
Papa Gino's never fails.
It's a typical Monday at work...hopefully time flies cause I'm ready for Tuesday
Probably because you're still just a sophomore, I'm sure he'll probably take it off later :)
. Not saying hate speech isn't protectable speech, but can't just assume it is because of a slogan or slippery slope
thank you!!
Yeah, but doesn't it seem A LOT like 28 Days Later? I mean the first ep has to be a direct remake.
#cjLIVE google+ is for passions
": I must look dumb to you"
Havent been down ta tha pub for a spell. Drunk me is not happy at all with sober me.
Well that sucks. I have to watch a Holly Hunter Christmas movie instead of the #Bears vs #Tebow. Thanks a lot Terrible.
What if iCloud isn't consumer-facing at all? It may only be cloud services for developers, allowing Apple to compete with
for today's brown wrap featuring !! Lots of readers calling in to tell us they've seen it.
Any plans to do another trade-in/upgrade jersey event this summer?
What kind of apple isn't an apple?A pineapple.
I've been so busy with production that I haven't really been engaging as much here as I'd like. I'll be better.
Jarryd's coming home today!
Who is stopping by #LadiesNight? 9-11PM! Free drinks for the girls!
We've had some great entries in the #ProduceGuessing contest. Here's a hint: the missing veggie is the "color" of hunger.
Downton Abbey 2 worth the wait. Oh no, Matthew&Mary! Evil Mrs.Bates! WW1!
You're finishing it tonight? But what about your dad?
If you are denying it then you are selling it!
My mom asked me who the guy on my phone background was. I said a band member instead of "ZAYN MALIK THE MOST PERFECT HUMAN ALIVE DUH"
that's riding on the bull shit :|
Recovery International Tool of the Day: Fear is a belief – beliefs can be changed.
>>Ha! Only go up to 56 so a few Q's #s! ": Who else did you use? Let me guess: 51, 66, 20 and 68?”
“: Harry's on his way to see me!”. Surrreeeeeee
I wish I could be strong without the Scheiße.
Crazy sexy saturday night at club curve. You want to get in free text curve to 72727
Ok - who knows the best boards with ideas for family activities, games, and parenting? We're making a top10 list!
Make it obvious. I'm clueless otherwise.
If you ever want a grown-up job, I highly suggest making your twitter profile private. . .
are you in heaven or hell im still unsure
what are your goals with #Yammer? Project mgmt? Info sharing? Professional Development? Curious about how others use it.
So much love going out to y'all I just found out my dad is preparing to come out for the putu keeping ur family in my prayers
Saw her tonight, been a pretty emotional night.
I just want to run for hours. And hours. And hours.
someone has to stop this douche. I'm gonna Liam Neeson him just like in Taken.
Sometimes I feel like I'm not good enough for you
I'm excited that it's almost pumpkin patch time!!
my dad thinks I'm still at your house. Hahaha.
Friends turn foe and life goes on
hahah Tommy Maddox. What a guy
Thanks for the mention -- this story seems like it pops up every year or so!
oh haha that's why, well I read it anyways cause I gots a tumblr :) It was so good
that season finale of Once Upon a Time left my jaw dropped... and gahhh what da fuck!
Start Doing. Stop Contemplating. Now is the time. This is YOUR life, LIVE it.
So I thought I could tweet while caring for four...not so. Great day of baseball, one kid fulfilled a personal quest, one lost a heartbreakr
We are live in the studio for tonight's showing of at 7pm - The fine folks from Hallmark in are helping on the phone bank.
Rejection letter the final. Nothing momentous. An average missive.
Your a BEAUTIFUL women. Your my insperation Tyra!<3
#thevoice is rigged? 's line isn't connecting!
Landscape assignment for the weekend: take down your holiday lights. They are less special if you leave them out all year long.
Pumped for Turkey Day! Have a productive Wednesday everyone.
A time to kill -9
Are personal custom short URLs awesome or lame? I think they are awesome, but I might be lame.
Happy Wheels w/Nova Ep.142 - NO TOILET PAPER FOR ME + ...
It may be cold outside, but that doesn't mean we can't fire up the grill and have a good cookout!
I know I'm not Kathryn but… goodluck! <U+E00E><U+E328>
is it the computer or are u just technologically un-savvy? lol
"Dogs Lie" wins "Honorable Mention" at the Los Angeles Movie Awards.....congratulations all involed !
Dang man, how much do you bench press?
Bad weather for #StPete 2morrow means a good day to visit a #museum or #art gallery
Thinking about the diffusion of innovations...
2nd day of winter break & I'm up even earlier than yesterday. I'll blame it on the rain.
Q1: Yes I have videos I've produced on my site(s) – and I feature videos of others
We better see you all at Athens Park in #LA tomorrow 8/25 for performance at 7pm!!!! You won't want to miss it!!! :)
I don't always get cold when coming out of the pool, but when I do, I lay on the concrete to warm me up.
“If you want to be happy, be.” -Leo Tolstoy Happy Easter Everyone!
I call it "douche speak".
Knowing what NOT to say or play is a "art"
love me some laureli:) yay for slumbers
I've been thinking about engaging on the historical truths/falsehoods around ghosts at our site....
that's the next gen algorithm, I guess
RT soo fun!!“: Thank you to everyone who came to #TAGDerby yesterday! It was a great party and we appreciate your support!”
Falling natural gas prices hit states&#39; pocketbooks
Listening to 70 yr old podcast causes a different sort of panic of prophesy.
Not a good morning bout to be a bitch today on some real shit
but if you did you could move in with me, rent free. the basement is all set up. ;) but seriously.
lupe fiasco - food & liquor
My eyes are glued shut
Good :) We should go to WOF this summer! :)
thanks again… I. personally can't promise anything but I ca make suggestions… do send your requests to the Director & Curator
which movie?
Um, the answer is, kiss a bicycle, right? RT Tomorrow is National Bike Month! You know what to do.
I think I meant KUHN!
Im down but not out in it to win it until its over !
: Yes. I miss West Virginia, though. Still read the news there every day.
Raising funds for your non-profit organization.
Thoughts and Prayers go out to my Old man tonight hope everythngs fine!!
before the devil knows your dead. Opening scene. Phillip seymour hoffman is GETTING IT.
Go follow
Thanks, It's not too funky... Actually pretty fun!
love in the time of garden bliss
what or who do you think? You, of course!!!
has to seriously step her game up to remain on new game show as the leading star.Right now is winning.
yo which email?
Ah! Has it soft opened? I could head over there today...
Apocalypse now. Public Pool reception for the Enraged Will Inherit the Earth, 7-11 pm. 3309 Caniff, Hamtramck.
Great minds think alike.
sugarpie honeybunch, why dont you take me to lunch!
that was probably the best cast and the most fun play I've ever been in. I'll miss you, space pandas (:
A youth is to be regarded with respect. How do you know that his future will not be equal to our present?
Great day to be in Fort Worth, TX. Great weather, and a great game at the DMC at 7pm!! TCU vs Wyoming...
That's pretty funny.
#ChildhoodMemories Rocko's Modern Life, Rocket Power, The Amanda Show, Hey Arnold!, Doug, Ren & Stimpy, Kenan & Kel. Back when TV was GOOD!
Glad you made it! We are opening our next store in the Annapolis area this September
Looking forward to playing at Birdland Jazz Club March 27 though 31 with
The Script are bomb. They're Irish. Like baby Nialler. Which automatically makes them cool. Love their music.
I need to see it first.
Mitt Romney is a combination of all the bad guys from Animal House.
Phishing Alert: More PayPal emails popping up all day. Title is: "Your account has been limited". Forward the email to:
Oracle Linux: The Past, Present and Future Revealed - The VAR Guy
Longs bakery :) with
Rice Basketball tonight vs. Tulsa at 7 PM at Tudor Fieldhouse!
I like that point: the extended value chain of trash may be extended transnationally, but what happens when that chain ends?
How was the meeting in DC today?
No, that's not funny.
Once, Twice, Three times #Luongo and your out!!!
Odd that the #Chevy baseball commercial uses music from The Natural where Hobbs k's The Hammer and show a kid as Ruth hit a hr.
DDOT, traffic simulations, traffic pattern analysis data?? Duh, it's riveting.
thanks for following me brother! Check out my band, and let me know whatcha think!
Ok whats going on today
#ThatOnePersonWho lies about everything
Senior shirts for next year gonna be looking so dope. Thanks to the brilliant ideas of
Ryan Gosling seriously had like ONE line in Remember the Titans but acted so well! basicalliy in every shot; his looks said 1000 words
YOU inspire me! Miss you so much. We must connect soon. Much love.
I believe in the sand beneath my toes, the beach gives me an earthy feeling.
in new york you said I can stop smiling
Critical engagement w/ US' schizophrenia as it relates to drugs does not mean engaging in a 'war on drugs' as w/ the Nixon & Regan eras.
sorry hun icant , the limit of follwers i can follow is 2,000 n i reached my limits =/ .. But i can get u followers .
(part 2) I get bored easily. Hence why I liked working as a temp - always some new job to learn. Being good makes you hard to promote. Grrr.
Niece turns18 today. Used to give her piggy back rides. What happened to the years?! Now she can vote.
Dear best paper I've received, I'm sorry that I feel compelled to tear you down by combing through you more than with most.
i might delete this actually, lolol.
Official Fan Twitter 4 the Milwaukee Brewers up and running! Follow Let's make #BREWlievers a trending topic!
You must be mistaken. I'm as healthy as always!! ;)
why are you getting rid of them?
I can't wait to see my boyfriend.<U+E022> I love that booger to death!
Smash in a hour!! Yep you already know...on the couch with anticipation...cmon hurry up!!!
had disc surgery on mine years ago. hated going into the MRI tube. feel better
That is awesome!
gargle salt water (for reals)
Hope you're loving it!! ": My mirrored vanity is being delivered today!! Can't wait! #homesplurge"
About to do my eyebrows -.- I hate this, it makes me cry :(
OH Daniel. lol
you got them today I see. Was it easy?
no problem! Please feel free to enter our contest!!
ELECTPAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yards signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
You'll need three days just to move the TV. ;)
RT : RT For every person that follows $0.25 will be Donated to the Cause -
Keep your words short and sweet- because you never know which ones you will have to eat. -Anon
The Ralphs Grocery checker just told person in front of me how sick she was. Great now u can get your cooties all over all my food, thx!
hey u should try tinychat.com
WHAT do u call a guy who is cute sensitive straight and respectful<U+FFFD> A RUMOR!
VOTELESS PEOPLE IS A HOPELESS PEOPLE. Join us right now at the Sweet Auburn Fest
probably Alexis lol
on it!
Don't blame yourself for being rad
The intensity of the day just hit me in the face D:
Not dissimilar to mexicans cooking Chinese food or #Chinese cooking #Mexican food
Lunch break almost done, got 30mins to tweet. Le go.<3
so sincere!
Thank u & 4 keeping close eye & reporting on all things #Newark. U r all greatly appreciated!
That awkward moment when you just know that 's next #OVEREXPOSED2011 vid is gonna be bitchin about "That awkward moment when"
Mall , FROOOYOOO , movies , Apple Bee's , THEN teen night.
Roger Cook was the master of the genre: "Stop hitting me over the head" on radio, especially.
DUE TO POLICE ACTIVITY THE FLORIDA TURNPIKE SOUTHBOUND FROM I-595 AND NORTHBOUND TURNPIKE FROM DADE COUNTY LINE IS CLOSED.
i have no words to describe how fucked up this franchise is... -___-
But isn't that a quasi-ethical issue?ie.Why write columns refuting imagined critics instead of actual ones?
That awkward moment when you can't tell whether someone is a man or a woman.
Gizmodo's Mat Honan: "Tim Cook is wearing black jeans and a dark grey or black button down. ... Stylish." Only in geekdom...
such a tangled web we weave.
life expressing itself in ways you never would have imagined right before your very eyes (is what I love in music and art)
Guest tweet by Jenna:A rainstorm of men is rapidly approaching. Update to come as soon as it blasts through the loudspeakers.
Thanks for the RT!
come over with your taylor and I'll bust out the baby taylor, then things will get really kinky
Nutritional supplements play a role in my anti-aging strategies, despite the outcries of the university/hospital based gerontologists
True very true. But sometimes it just hits you at random moment. Plus, I never really came to terms with it yet.
taylor green pwns.
Educational group plans pancake breakfast
Lakers are seriously working tonight..
if you have rosacea, the Perfecta laser is a rosacea killer. Highest satisfaction of anything i do. And, usually without any bruising.
Bought my boss an Edible Arrangement for her birthday. So basically I bought me an Edible Arrangement for my boss' birthday. Score.
The Dark Knight Rises Trailer is Beautiful! I think i've watched it like 10 times already today. I watching right now as i type this tweet.
Being single doesn't mean you know nothing about love. Sometimes being alone is wiser than being in a wrong relationship.....
I'm done for the night, I promise lol
Justin, thanks for following Playmark, interested in learning more?
It's a beautiful day !
Promote maximized use of your catalog data. That's my new mantra.
miss u too boo! How have u been?
Lmfao, im so aggressive ..
We love to talk to others that are green come in to a new restaurant dedicated to sustainability in
Op!! Be careful!!
I know I am. I am also used to being the ignored voice in the wilderness. So glad to find
#imsinglebecause I like to proudly play Beyonce songs.
I'm just so grateful Charlie Sheen didn't host the Academy Awards!
If any ladies that I'm following want a relationship with me&maybe even be my child's mom,please send me an @ message or dm me.
yes benzly I do agree.. if it hasnt been for the lord we wouldnt be thanking . him for life.
I'm only into Young bitches with Aggression .
Great to talk with in #LA. We worked on a home together 10 yrs ago with
#NowPlaying D-Mac - Maintain
Ha ha ha...made me laugh out loud. :)
On the way back from the restroom at the Steelers game, I cut my lip on the Velcro on my jacket. said: did you get into a fight
Sounds like her problem, not yours. How hard is it to call back?
great picture! Thanks for visiting CITYCENTRE yesterday!
TY #swa ur 2 hr delay for flight 912 to Vegas ruined my 6 hour planned layover bummer stuck at las Vegas airport now for 3hrs
you are very welcome
My mom just tried telling me the drummer in all time low died... uh no stop please :(
Off Work !
Seriously! It could be the stomach flu- but the 1st thing I would think was- what did she just eat?! Exactly.
Editing a Music video you will see very soon
Phew! It's been a long winter. We are looking forward to coming out of hibernation to get the YSP ball rollin'! Stay tuned...
Just got back from a killer band rehearsal for our show on Saturday. So excited to play live again with some of the greatest folks on earth!
I had a LONG day at work of training & all I can say is I THINK I know what I'm doin now lol
New website on the way + free goodies!
Showdown at 2:30!!! I can't wait for this
its bad
Little Venice cafe sounds glorious... are you off work on Fri? Want to meet up? x
It is officially the day.
Want to learn how the tea party retired Lugar from the activists who did it? Come to our DC boot camp June 8-11. Contact:
what are the topics tonight?
Good Morning world, happy monday now lets get this paper.... Its a unified movement ;)
Agreed! I woke up at 4:43am. That would be crazy coincidence, if we didn't live in different time zones.
Bank tweets this morning remind me that I need to get to my credit union 2day to continue the process of cutting ties with Wells Fargo.
I don't know why I hate grocery shopping so much, but I do.
awwhh your background is so adorable! where did you find that? lol thats so random!
The NEW ORLEANS TAINTS
so hm... Someone sounds in love...
Spread the love today
Whats up from Orlando! Thanks for sponsoring great music!
If your gonna in us out at for Bikini Bull Riding, cover up! It's chilly tonight -
when will the Simpsons episode air?
Oh darn...
Follow for updates.
Really been going through some things but there are brighter days ahead!!!!!
we hope you enjoyed it! thanks for listening to !!
SEO Marketing Made Easy: How to Set Up an Editorial Calendar - Business 2 Community
You should be given a minimum of 10 lashes for saying "Worser" and "finna."
You might have him, but he knows that your no me
Friends dont let friends fade away.
04.15.12 - The energy today is bringing your world into alignment. Whatever way things line up for you today, remember you chose it.
Happy 2012, can I wish for a #superbowl ?
What do the packers and Steelers know that the rest of the league doesn't? Neither team is having workouts or anything...
Looks like is headed to Oakland. Congrats to him. Enjoyed seeing him grow over the last five years
The minute you read something that you can't understand, you can almost be sure it was drawn up by a lawyer. ~ Will Rogers
thanks doll! :-)
Beautiful weather means brewing outside! Who's brewing what this weekend?
Does anyone actually think an SM57 up on the snare head sounds so great? I sure dont, it sounds choked and abrupt, but everyone wants it.
Starting tomorrow it will be majorleaguesportstalk.com , take note. Focusing in on fantasy baseball
You must have missed my 'No Stones Found in Stone Beer' expose.
Taking bets on whether #dickclark will be doing New Years Eve "weekend at bernie's" style this year. Don't blame me. TV execs r shameless.
In 1872, Susan B Anthony was arrested and convicted of attempting to vote. In 1979 the U.S. minted a dollar coin in her honor.
running from a great performance by Natalie Merchant to the Merritt Fund Gala at the Folger Library - both with my best friend!
yes it was so cool seeing how it's all done
yeah it was so funny. Glasses and everything. I bet he would LOVE to see you! Hahaha
Honestly..I think I'm gonna miss school. Never thought id say that. But for real I have so much fun at school! And I get bored so easy!!
Crazy busy here in Austin! Bring it!
Just paid a bill by check...*gasp*
's course at is what I imagine a good workshop must be like. Constant stream of good advice and inspiration.
Shout out to my little sister, follow her!
re: recognizing talent - call a candidate's non-provided references
jajajja nose que are lo are aorita
S/o for the follow what up homie
Looking for people intrested in advertising on foot in various locations. Know anyone who wants to make a couple extra dollars?
working on the whole set, specifically new songs "Get Dangerous" and "Wonderful World" anyone ever seen a real red swingline? we want one.
And with a pipe she flies to the motherland. Love listening to before bed
Macgamut? ..::shudder::.. I haven't thought about that in a while. I think I'm going to start having flashbacks now...
well, people Who have that sort of mentality don't matter. From what i can see, you are a charming, witty, pretty girl. (:
is excited to release some new music in the next few weeks -- stay tuned!
hell yeah - tore it up!
where were you 4th of july
Bryce Harper with his first career bomb... many more to come, will he be catching soon?
Other than the emotions though, I enjoy my night.
Okay, so it's 12am & I'm craving Nutella.<3 that shit is good.
Thank you for sharing William!
Ha, uhm okay?
East town farmers market 8-12:30 in cathedral square. They have pumpkins!!! Only two more weekends left
I'm proud of you!
Haha right! Rob is such a weirdo!
waka down the street, waka dog on a leash, waka Texas ranger, Luke sky-WAKAAAA
Great to meet at #TribeFest and discuss strategies for using sports to achieve social change in the areas of her work
I would love to help but it may be easier to find an ESL (english as a second language) tutor in your area.
The Casual Geographer on the air next! follow the show
SEX WORK IS REAL WORK
Wow! RT : Tyler Perry is like the cinematic "Koch Brothers' Brother From Another Mother." H Cain & T Perry, the "Coon Ticket."
You gettin money?? you think dem niggas you wit is witchu??
Super Excited about TONITE - - S/O to coming through Tonight!
SDGE has city and county by the perverbial balls
While hubby has worked all weekend I have managed to return to Hawaii, Costa Rica, BVI, Cabo, and Playa del Carmen all this weekend..
The pursuit of approval usually ends in disaster. -Chris Morris
They charge for "unattached" elastic IPs
The wrestling night from hell...
I don't really hate you, it's just that if you were on fire, I'd roast marshmallows.
I can't believe today is the Seniors last day here at the high school.....that makes me sad :(
magazine livable city ranking top 5 Helsinki, Zurich, Copenhagen, Munich & Melbourne. Each w/Attention to Design, green & balance.
I love your gay son.
Go lakers, for ma baby<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
": Oh, so you're a beer pong champ? That will get you far." Hahah
Tip: Everyone should eat breakfast before they come to orientation! It's going to be a long day and we want you to be focused and energetic!
How's the Yaks teri by your work?
Sonic run with my mommy! Yes.
What's for dinner tonight #Indy?
As we enter the next phase of purpose. Be prepared to be pruned, trimmed, and set apart. Many cannot go where God is taking you!
Austin Mahone "THE BIG BREAK IN NYC"
#20ThingsAboutMe Tumblr & Netflix are pretty much my life atm.
Hadn't realized my tweets were set to private so most won't have seen my #FutureCast tweets...
And it was self-taught! A lesson he'll carry to the grave. Hahaha.
I appreciate the thought of communal kitchen duty at work, but seeing the stuffed rat on my desk as a reminder of my turn is off-putting.
Why do I need scissors to open a packet of scissors? The whole point of buying new scissors is that I don't fucking have any.
Going To Go Get My Eye Brows Done <U+263A>
Colorado!!!! We love you and we think you would love us as far as our service! We can service your copier and printer!
RT : She is my dancer when she dance i throw her dollars she work hard for the money so so hard
So many GOOD singers this season but I think Phillip Phillips is still my favorite.
preaching to the choir!!! Feel better:((
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead if you're offended, you're probably about to get mentioned.
I thought for a second it wouldn't happen, but at the same time... there was the numbers issue. I knew it had to be someone. Bleh
Stella and Patron at lunch. NIIIIIICCE
Sauteed mushrooms for breakfast this morning. Memories of tbilisi. Yum.
full house at bombers on Tuesday night - good stuff for video! Coming soon!
Oh My God!!!! Your dream come true!!!
Daily GTKY question: Would you rather take pictures or be in pictures?
“: 3 sleeps away from the finest day in Dallas. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>” agreed.
Keep hearing writers say "it's time drain" but Twitter users know time saved, info gained.
I be working guys. I'm sorry.
Sorry i been wrapping a few things up,Hit me up this week : Lol I had sent 1 more email
looking at hair products and wishing i had long hair
that wasn't intended to be a criticism of your work (which i appreciate a lot)! definitely interesting-just very skeptical myself.
Congrats on Best Man 2! Fans are so excited!! Can't wait to hear more about it!
Reminder: No Free Play party tonight as we're having one Saturday for New Year's Eve! Hope to see you there!
Growing up here comes the growing pains..<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
If Robert sings that song 1 more time I'm going to explode. >.<
check me out and add me on myspace: www.myspace.com/sethnathan
Your mom told him to get the botas with the long tip.
They Criticize You Then They Follow You....
Yea I sometimes jam to Katy Perry...problems?
Just left the district 5 county supervisor candidate forum. Very enlightening. Thanks to Washington Park Partners & Martin Drive for hosting
On Tomlinson Tuesdays we should wear striped shirts with suspenders.
ugh, well said girl. unfortunately, i do it all the time :( haha
that movie describes my life too well
did the eagle scouts have a badge for lying too?!?!? you must've gotten many
Menon: identifies with other, sympathetically
Thanks for the RT
Let's go Yankees
I'm totes #teamPhillip ;) Should be a great battle!
&#39;American Idol&#39; Down to Four
Steals! We did great
Huge gain Auberlen currently driving the #155 BMW Motorsport RLL car has pushed to the lead position for GT class!
hahah your cute xD you wont ave to dress for williams be happy :)
Thanks for following! Hope you find our information useful!
we appreciate the following and the local love!! Hope to see you soon for Happy hour :)
I just saw someone rollerblading...apparently it's 1995 on hwy 1...
No water supply for five families in Ampang
me too it's not right!! What else is he gonna make them do!?
hmm I'll have to talk to t mobile
true that lol..
Just freaked. Thought daughter was looking at "Hot Match" on computer, then saw it was "Hot MATH." Not hot. I couldn't understand any of it.
working on the 2012 calendar today...sneak peek coming later
Hey everyone, we had to reschedule Marc Maron today, due to unforeseen circumstances. He will be on Fri at 945am!
I know it's been a while but yeah... the have been a disappointment at times. Too bad Lin got hurt. Bibby is the man tho.
Theres a perception of things around u when u walk, things u never noticed b4!
Always trust the person who can see these 3 things in you--the love behind your anger,sorrow behind your smile & reason behind your silence.
u all as a fan base should stand up and demand better than what you all are getting for bball
When angels forget to fly; when it's twenty below in july; when violets are red, and roses are blue; that's when i'll stop loving you<3
As if u hating wasnt enuf now ya homies gotta hate for u ....its jus facebook
My dog needs Ritalin
oh hi wolfgang gartner. lets be friends forever
like a huge one
Hate when they ass dont answer the phone!!!
Joshua just stole that song from James.
tweet tweet
Hoping to do an Olympic #Triathlon in 2012. The obstacle? That swim! I need to become a stronger swimmer? Any ideas?
We're making dropcards for our new EP. It feels so 21st century.
you could totally tiptoe through those puppies.
Enjoy 25% off Espresso drinks with purchase of a muffin or coffee cake @ Einstein's Bagel Bros. this week!
Hetalia gets a TV-MA cause of one f-word
for real we about to step out the door I will be at ur casa in a few min
#citrixsynergy and the gates open come on over to meet me and I may throw on the game for ya!
no doubt homie! keep up the grind
thanks for the follow
The Chicago Bears and head coach Lovie Smith have agreed to a two-year contract extension through the 2013 season.
a day for lovers lol
Another sleep-deprived day in hell brought to you by Dickhead McTweet and his birdy pals.
we cold lampin on the turn tables cuttin it up...
I know that girl, Poison, right?
Hey Andrea, could you send more info? . Thanks!
How did you and your family spend the holiday weekend ?
good question.
Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life :) <<<trend that
2011 went by too quickly:/
don't forget to vote for Stallions in this week's indie soap poll! it's our last eligible week until Season 2, help make us #1!
I suspect had something to do with this?
don't stop at Burbank...
Never surprised by all the talking heads trying to push up stocks. If things are so good let's the numbers do the talking. Short some more
Got through my digital libraries and copyright presentation, working on Google Books/University partnerships research project.
Make #Dallas, #DFW your next market! Great idea!
NO COVER CHARGE on Wednesdays1!!!We're gonna start this year off the right way!!! Twenty Ten!!
I hate how guys know they're in a relationship or you're in a relationship and they still try to flirt -_-
Not by gutting magnet schools like Poly, that's for sure. In the name of equality, that's what they're doing.
Really looked like something was wrong when he was on the bases, too. Normal Rickie tries to score on the Aramis base hit.
it's good haha, I'm still trying to find a comfortable way to sleep at night
“: doing the KU Clap on the tonight to pay off his bet was awesome” you're such a KU fan
Some people are ugly inside and out.
#LTNY CIOs recommend keeping emails brief, 3 bullets or less. my tip for writing for attys is to create the mssg, then cut out half or more.
you are right re crowdfunding but sec 201 is good; will do away with general solicitation ban for all accredited rounds
It's not who you know, it's who knows you and how they know you.
oh and I love you too haha
that's great! Just keeping busy and trying to kick this cold! He likes me and doesn't want to leave me :) Have a great weekend!
good wuz up baby...when am i gonna see u again?
Megan McGlover changed my life! She is the 1 4 U! I live N. ATL & She'll comw 2 U,the best2 both of you,Marie M.
: Happy Birthday Dave!!! Hope you are enjoying your day!!!
UM YES YOU WILL LOL
def can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow more sexy pics for this john!
Good Morning Tweets ! What Do You Love About America ?
I know. It's too ridiculous to be true, but unfortunately it is.
nice work! more updates please!
Some ppl jump too soon, without a budget or even knowing what exactly they need the site to do for them.
Your performance on Day 3 was magical. Totally worth the heat stroke!!!!
“: Zimmerman on the run. Hahhaha” that bitch been on the run...
Follow my official nail art #instagram "Nailnista_" & report "Nailnista"
marlon byrd better be able to hit a 9 run home run. #firelucchino let cherington do his job
Can't sleep so decided to drive to wal mart for some starch for my work shirts.
Dolphins reach contract agreement with UDFA Derek Moye (). The former Nittany Lion is set to make $7.67/hr (FLA min wage) this season
startup will participate in #Life30 with its #dating app, Apr 18
How could you not close a set with "Sweet Disposition" and remix?
i did
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!
Daje Johnson just Tweeted "STAYING WITH TCU"
be on that man vs food shit
Amawele's chefs and owners Wendy and Pamela Drew doing their thing in the Marina District.
Well, now that I've finished all of "Sports Night", I quite frankly don't know what to do with my life.
I hate right now.
learing about South Asia, Visual Literacy, images that inspire to write, elementary school program 4 low socio economic elem schools LA
Shut out #Mariners win
I now have to factor in #Instagram time when I leave the house so I'm not late.
I'm going to check out hunger games and I'll probably leave pissed off because it's not as good as the book, even though I never read it
Do you think a man of my strength could hit one out of AutoZone Park? Soft toss, wooden bat
Just love you... Your a doll
miss you too and i will
Tell me what you guys want me to vote for on Austins poll ! (:
haha, the mustache suites you very well(:
What do u want ur tombstone to read?
Now just need beer an ice tea trifecta of brew immortality!
Just requested interviews with Michael Haneke, Wes Anderson and David Cronenberg for #Cannes2012 I think it's going to be a great festival!
hey whats up :)
Avoid all needled drugs, the only dope worth shooting is your EX :) /via
Q: How did the Norwegian people separate themselves from the #1percent in the early 20th century?
hi doll so glad your on here!!!!
#Roark #Roark #Roark ....worth the wait... Go BIG BLUE
bruh I heard a rumor you died! Was that a lie?
Okay, duh. I think I see why #soschat is needed over #sos. #sos wild with fascinating non-ed comments. Took me awhile.
Happy National Kazoo Day!
Why give a fuck if a motherf****dnt give fuck about u
This is in reply to your tweet Favorite book - ORACLE-SUNKEN EARTH trisefbook.com
Did u know? The Crime Stoppers program has paid out approx $90,000 and resulted in the recovery of 112 firearms since inception. It works!!!
Gone biking...
I think it's made from chicken but I'm not sure. It's hard to read the label writing.
usa jaja, soy gringo D:
is doing the #sschat about this now... she demoed w/students at
Sunday night and listening to talk radio before I need to get ready for work on Monday. Sipping my java very slow and feeling the caffeine.
glad we could be of some help!
Thanks for the follow! Excited to get your #insight on
Can't wait til the Monday morning I can sleep in !!!!
Whatever, that made the character awesome, and you were great on 3rd Rock.
Don't forget, there is a meeting for COLLEGE AGE STUDENTS tonight after service in the Youth Worship Center.
Music is just taking the sounds life is already creating and replaying them in a way that we can understand.
I feel like I need a shower after that movie...
The necropsy performed on a bear killed in Lino Lakes last night found apples in its stomach... evidence that someone had been feeding it.
says car hit pole. Power should be back on soon RT what's going on in se Portland. No power. Not even for stop lights.
#NP Meek Mill
Thank you!
Yes, at the end of the fall semester.
I know that feeling. Even with these papers, I can't seem to make myself stop commenting so much. They're taking forever.
Happy Birthday
lol key word ROAD lol shit is stupid....what city dont have an express--way
The longest-lived Apple computer of all time was the Apple IIe, which was on sale for nearly 11 years.
wow... i want kurt warner to pull out a winner for old times sake but we'll see
I love that movie!
How have I made it this far without knowing about #TwinPeaks??
not if you had my last 12 hours: rescued 2 dogs form the kill pound, dog bit small dog and then this morning.......
go follow this lil man
Thx Steph! U need to see her in person soon!
ive been really bussyyy... so how you been?
“: Blackshear was a pleasant surprise tonight Kyle had problems with the uk length again”
If you don't ask you don't get.
#Houston come in and get ur crawfish on for $5.95 a lb here at plus got some seriously gorgeous waitstaff!
We're only 13 fans away from 400! help us get there before our final 2012 prom fair TOMORROW! :)
I should really just rename my job "The papercut chronicles"
“: Closing is critical to bring about change, critical to deliver production, critical to survival and make things happen.”
It's time to get some rest. Got to get up early to take the boys of the church & community to #Let Us Make Man. speaks at 9:00am
Radio story about yahoo CEO falsifying resume...checked it out on Google. And there you have it.
#JockSandwich The Henry Rodriguez mayo peppers anchovies and tofu. It Sucks
of course I did, what did you expect? Well I have to go to bed I have class in 4 hrs,, smooches.
- whatcha planning on doing?
two 3 hour classes today! yayyyyyy(sarcasm voice)
Extremely uncomfortable and awkward post game interview with Thad Matta.
wtf did I just watch
This homeless dude on my street has a positive swagger that makes me incapable of wallowing in self pity.
Kid Cudi's Day N Night makes me feel like driving through downtown or Hollywood at night.
So you're homeless, but you are sitting there drinking beer and smoking... Hmm, that makes me want to donate to your cause...
we would of had both if we made it to the 2nd round too
“Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.”
I love cecil! I'm gonna name my kid cecil.
Diddo RT : I love a girl with full lips
Where do you even but peach champagne? That will not be part of our wine class.
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 3
Along with cotton, tobacco/coca/alcohol are linked to the institution of slavery & the violent expansionism of US imperialism.
everything has just been going wrong man wish life had a rewind button at times
love you to best friend!!!! Dude I'm in biology supposed to be soon a review but on twitter instead!!:D #cluelessteacher(;
Dollar General looks to take grocery business market share, WSJ reports
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. ~Leonardo DaVinci
yes I'd love to! Let's talk on fb w/out the text limitations. Miss you!
b/c you said youre suppose to follow random people lol
haha it's all the same ish.
When your teacher lets you do whatever you. Want because shes lazy to do teach you anything >
Saw at Castleton Mall Last Night....AMAZING!! Love ya Cody!
I said Rodman was underrated & I don't mean Rodman in general but early Pistons Dennis Rodman that could put up 20 and 20 game
everyone knows I can't stand Nicki Minaj & of course the girl behind me on the plane has headphones so loud I can hear the whole album. Blah
I felt like I had no other options, I really wish things didn't have to be this way but its for the best. For everyone
“: Hugging cute strangers #yolo ” too bad he wasn't a stranger to me ;D
Life isn't a field of Pansies, shit happens.
that's real
Sweens! I miss the Sweeney Sweet Spot wx segment, buffalo chicken po' boys and Sunday night Chinese buffets
is in your extended network.
Need to get retired/ soon to retire tchrs heavily involved-they see & know it & aren't at risk.
RT : Fact: 8th-graders in NV, CO, HI, & RI improved in science, reading, and math in 2011!
To be persuasive, we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; to be credible, we must be truthful.
During storytime today, I accidentally called Captain Hook a "yellow-bellied COCK-fish" in front of a huge group of 4 year olds
daaw thanks david, you're such a sweetheart! You're gonna do awesome tuesday, I know itt! You got your #1 superfan over here!! :)
my cousin
Dwyane Wade is the best player in the NBA - Jeremy Lin
The golf swings coming along. This Florida weather helps!!
good morning dreamers .... lets go
If you're tweeting about bark dust.....stop. JK
At Leftspace photography studio San Francisco
Checking out our temporary space for Lost and Found (Opening on April 5th). It is going to be amazing!
Gotta love a 30 minute 1st inning.
That's really cool to hear :) I'm quite fond of "Sleeper"
One big difference when you have a girl in the band: our van smells way better than your van.
ugghhhhhhh wanna move there so bad!
": What's up with my luck today #gone" I got fucking plucked.
Exhausted broke and full
Nut straight vs nut straight in PLO. One straight had the nut flush re-draw. That's the hand that lost.
and we're excited to have you!
ringring!! Hi BROOKE! Thanks for the follow!!! #talk soon! help spread the word about #mofones! wooh0O!
Lindsay Lohan scares me...
Just finished Science Proficiency.
Nothing like Napa berry juice and a day in the sun
Hey why is the Red Line Fucked?
Is the “saw your github profile” recruiter technique new? I have had an uptick in emails with that quote lately...
Reckless Trading: Directors/Owners of small/medium co's know well in advance when to asset strip.
changin my name
Either you run the day or the day runs you
Calling it now. The Thoughts: AMAZING
Must train for #toughmudder tomorrow. Cannot be a good trainer if I forget to train myself!!
You've been dating for a day, you aren't in love, shut up.
happy early 14th birthday you will like being 14 i know i did(:
ya I'm just fired up after reading uneducated (mostly White Sox Fans) tweets all night. Small steps towards that ultimate goal.
Shake it off Freddie
not to bad
It's funny how ur such a fucking slut and u find that acceptable
what up and whats yo new number
Word of advice from uncle to dad: don't listen to what people say about your kid. Even though there rascals, there worth it!
Thank you, yes I was...
Rape session my house
Wouldnt be surprised! Or maybe #TimeToCallPAT ?
I HATE my job....but I love getting paid!
holy cow what a nightmare.. I'm scared for you!!! lol
Advance your career at LA on 11/5. The Master Talent Teachers will be in booths #134, #135, #136, and #137, stop by and see us!
IF UR IN LA and follow come to the Dodgers game Monday NIGHT! Tix still available online...dodgers.com - She'll be hanging!
I can still remember the words and what they meant As we etched them with our fingers in years of wet cement
She got me in here watchn The Vow...
I've gotten about thirty of them in the past few days. Should they be blocked?
Have you been slacking on your e-mail newsletters? Valentine's Day is a great opportunity to check in and send your subscribers some love!
I'm so high on caffeine right now I feel like Rick James B*tch !
Well. That was 14 surprisingly readable pages in one sitting. ~10 more pages and ~20 more short essays to grade before the semester's done.
#atxcouncil approves solar committee unanimously.
you too!! We don't want a replay of yesterday!!
I CANT WAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
the spurs gonna win in 5
When I logged in to the CF seminar, there was only 4-5 other people. So it may not have been that bad...
Putting the finishing touches on my portfolio/resume website! Can't wait to see what you all think!
u have heard it said 'red letter day' but get this: unintentional utterly cool factoid: 333 following us, we're following 333 folk. Nice.
HOLY SHIZZNITT! UR GONNA BE IN POPSTARMAGAZINE IM GONNA BUY ITT! is there gonna be some pics of u in there??(:
yeah I bet it's rapidly approaching more dangerous than the elevator shaft status
i hate when spam accounts follow me -_-
New Yorkers Volunteer, our newest Community Conversations co-sponsor, is the #NYS Commission on National & Community Service
How 'bout celebrating teacher appreciation week by hiring some of us back?
thanks for the love
Mr Kitty is fairly placid, but a mighty hunter.
DS: thats true.. i just want him to suffer ASAP!
oh ok that's nice of u :)
Nicholas Sparks never fails to warm my heart and make me cry:'). the jerk.
love u Ralph!
Almost 2400 US troops where killed at Pearl Harbor this morning 70 years ago and many still lay entombed inside the USS Arizona.
heck yeah I'm happy Chase is back! Definitely getting his jersey. He was so special on this last Super Bowl run
Happy Resurrection Sunday Tweet Fam!
Went out to eat & didn't even order soda.
o nick ta no ultimo ep!
So - you guys remember that WebCamWindow 2.0 thing we talked about? Yeah, it's freakin' huge! And awesome. What's in it? Lotsa' code!
when u r crushed because u never got a birthday tweet from :(
PeakDiscovery to attend The Masters Conference in Washington DC October 3-5, 2011
Seven Layer Bars Seven layer bars are a classic dessert that was popular in the 1970s. Simple to make, these layered bars are rich and sw
Our line up is so good it should be illegal - definitely fattening. Arian Saleh, Jesse Macht, Zach Provost, George Stanford, Millie Hansen.!
#ThatMomentWhen you've been writing for 4 hours and realize that you've had to pee for the past 2...
Election: guy who thinks it's okay for someone besides Etta James to sing "At Last" at inauguration, vs a banker.
that one actually still confuses me...lemme see if i can find u on google+
What the fuck is going on with the Lakers?
It'd be cool to live with a monster. You would never get hiccups.
Mr. Furley was such a rad dresser.
sent u another one
Then u gotta g ugly wit them they hve a problem # wtf
hello, end-of-semester sinus infection. i thought i could avoid you. anyone have good remedies to knock out the infection?
": There has been more written about the obscurest of Star Wars creatures than there has about water."
I plan on it. u wanna babysit, lol
I dream of eating 4 sandwiches! I totally could put a SO MUCH FOOD AWAY easily! *sigh* I love food
just another Tuesday...at work....nothing to see here...keep it moving...
I swear, if I see one more pre-1920 imprint with an OCLC record that says "Also issued online," I'm going to throw my shoe at the screen.
heading to to do some touch-up painting. I love
Hahaha RT": “: Just take a xanax, you'll forget it ever happened.” I need one after this game"
AYPB tomorrow, honestly i don't give a rat's ass if we got outside or not. I'm only coming for the food.
we don't offer that, but we might in the future. If u link your exfm profile to player it will play all the songs from profile
Koreatown to LAX by way of South Central. The possibility of a flat tire is less scary than the freeway at 6 pm.
quite a statement RT : RT “IKEA is the least sustainable retailer on the planet.” Wig Zamore #quote #csr<
fans can criticize moves we make now, but it's a well known fact we aren't signing big ticket FA's. I'll take what I can get at this point.
Any artists, craftsmen, sign painters out there to craft me a sign for my front porch? Creativity wanted.
checking out the #cardmunch app
Gotta Give it to talking about #divekick on Cross Counter lol. Freaking Hilarious. Keits is the best.
it's not like anyone on twitter can hear it! Lmao
Most of us just friendly orbiters “:column on #nvgop nuttiness, but first had to block some followers from the Planet Paul.
Wow, Emily picked The Egg guy? Darn! I wanted to see what he'd do with it if he wasn't chosen. 6 kids' guy is crying? Really?
Text me like now
Getting an early lunch, caramelized tofu bowl with the kimchi slaw at !
Oh #AmericanIdol. Sometimes the truth hurts and some of those people need to know the truth. Will it grow on you?
Providing feedback on the next ALA Financial Learning Series webcast.
Oh I know my face just cleared up about 10seconds ago. It's so well written!
Tip: Avoid bargain headshots. At $250 for 3 looks done in 1 to 2 hours, the shots will NOT be amazing OR creative! U get what u pay for.
RT : We'll meet again in The Night Kitchen! RT:RIP Maurice Sendak "Please don't go.We'll eat you up.We love you so."
I'd like to see that sonetime
Just so you know... I'm hosting a contest for my next video girl
Cavs still gonna lose with their piss poor defense, that is unless Kyrie just comes out of nowhere & swats it" eat these words Sir
After sending a risky text, one minute seems like an eternity.
Before ‘08, yes. After, most sweating was over big stuff. Industry spent a lot of time shrinking newspaper model vs. transforming.
I already have 425 followers. I love you guys!!! Haha I never thought I would have that many! :)<33
Oh god why
Epilepsy Update is going well. Community and docs learning lots about epilepsy!
Did you know your body rebuilds itself every 11 years!?
So glad i can get some good sleep tonight.
To Los Rancheros!!!!
Need some pep in my step.
Internet as the most democratic (and cheap) media, says
Me too. Having too much fun w/ #me -But I got ice cream! lol I am having to much fun with this party of 1
To Live Above The Law You Must Be Honest
The best part of any day is watching a play date between Coco, our bldg mascot dog, and a resident's pup, Pono. Lots of running & hilarity!
Yeah that was me!
That's not usually the tweet I'm expecting to see on my feed...
Why the hell does Royce annoy the shit out of me!?!
KK IF YOU FOLLOW ME I'LL GIVE YOU A HIGH-FIVE. yes, i AM bribing you with high fives.
As a Cards fan, I find the whole thing hilarious
RT : Pre #WEMTA meet-up at Damon's Grill 6:30PM Wednesday. Join and for appetizers!
Itching...to get inked. belated birthday tattoos! Oh please!
A lot to do after school, but number one on the list is to see my dad :) glad he's starting to get better
my buddy and hilarious comic Trevor Smith randomly sent it to me.. Then I did the flyer but how cool is the drawing?!
I go to a school with a bunch of fake ass people that's all I know
How many games til the finals? Can Lin do the job? How's Lebron doing on the court?
Now it's time to listen to Hot Sauce Committee Part Two.
I miss my baby
Gonna use this at tomorrow's staff mtg! MT : Libraries are places for *creation* not just discovery says
cool yeah hear good things about the 624s....only complaint I've heard is w bass response.
Say #WHAT?! MT : Stats of Chelsea-Barca: 47 shots to goal. 4 posts. 2 goals. Chelsea: 4 shots to goal, 3 goals. #what?!
I'm going to get my principal to play Superluv during the media show I'm going to be in!!!:)
omg school is crazy
then you should be able to upgrade? you become eligible to upgrade and recieve discounts on phone every 18 months
congrats homie that's my dog bash. tell that fool i lost his contact but now you connected so it's good lol
Hey chris please reply i need to talk to you
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 9
#ASTD2012 James and I each won a kindle fire from franklin covey. I am twitterpated!
The best way to predict the future is to create it. – Peter Drucker
ugh, I really have no idea what you're saying at all. Sorry
Hey world
let's work together on that..I have some great ideas
I would die if I thought someone was saying really bad things about me. Thanks for the heads up. #God'swork
Big sigh. 'twas fun.
Rejection Therapy, Losing my Virginity - Branson 's recs
Authors Note: Hey folks. stevekingisms are still out there. Ill be better about posting them. gets mindnumbing sometimes. had 2 take a break
It's good to take a step back and really look at someone. Like....why do I like you? You're not even that big of a deal boo LMAO
Is it possible to have food poisoning 12 hours(or more) after you eat? Ate calamari for first time last night. I'm allergic to seafood.
Step dad: Hey who stole my fork? Me: I did, here. Step dad: I'll FORKIN kill ya! Lmaooo.
Met with a client that not only got my obscure reference to the Glomar Explorer, but worked on it as well. So cool.
Armoires Hutches Store Online: DMi Rue de Lyon 73 in. Executive ...
I really wish that zip line w/the pig on that commercial would break! #superannoying!
LOL at the Cirque performer doing a handstand on the aisle seat. Whoever that was in the seat looked so uncomfortable :P
Way to go Jo! The triangular paths came out especially well!
still doing history homework...
Current Jackpot for Mega Million is $640 Millions. Got your tickets. I just heard that one group has purchased $1.2 million in tickets
Kupuna Hula Festival today & tomorrow. Stop by if you can.
I have missed your words of wisdom
Thanks to my birthday nalah's new favorite toy are balloons
So proud to FINALLY be able to call myself a member of #TeamMargaret Powerful stuff.
Oh no! Why?
yeah but there are some cute peeps in the BX ;)
Typo indeed. As for the rest, uh...thanks?
Such a beautiful day in NOLA. What better way to visit all the festivities than on your bike. And what a way to get some exercise in!
was amazing. Plenty of great discussions regarding Drupal setup and automation with Patterns, Context/Spaces, Deployment, etc.
I have seen your driving. You were who they compared to.
I'm taking Edwin. I never trust Zimmerman. He's always injured and I feel something is nagging him.
When Austins on the stage receiving his Grammy I'll be proud to say I've supported him from the start!
Howard is gonna be getting alot of those putbacks
Eat real! RT : The food we purchase is an investment & our ROI can be seen in our health (or lack thereof)
I know how those honors freshmen are!
": DM me when you do" umm hmm I know what going on
lol I hope you like my time line
what's gyc? I probably know it, I'm just a little slow!
I have been hacked, please don't open any messages sent in the last 12 hours from me. I can't send any more as I'm over the limit.
I had them while living in Ponce. Oh that Ponce heat makes it taste 2x as good.
How is everyone? It was so beautiful today!
How do I deactivate an account if I forgot my password & made a fake email up for it.?
Change of plans! Downstairs at guarapo!!!
lol we have the same name and spelt the same ^_^ TWINS!! ;)
In the end the love you take could be the love you make...
If that idiot really drove 600+ miles for a Loco Taco, he must have been on the verge of suicide and that was the only thing living for.
i fucking hate big sisters sometimes!
Thank you!
I'd hardly say 10,000 is next to nothing!
Twitter makes my day sometimes!!! Lmao!!!
Denial is not a river in Egypt.
Reckless Kelly + Rose's Pawn Shop tonight!
Nothing like a brief escape into Dark Side of the Moon for 31 glorious minutes to make it all OK. 2012, meet 1973. It was better than you
Degrassi. I will never get tired of this show.
Q7 Oh, how I wish I knew the answer! I try guilt, like "please don't make us use our limited funds to replace this book."
WHAT!? OUT! OF! HOT! CHOCOLATE!
2 car team up wish it was a pack racing but hopefully thing turn out good at the end
RT Understand who you're trying to reach before you build a brand presence #SMCDallas #DFWSEM / So important!
Absolutely! Thanks for the follow back. Glad you like it! Really really really really really glad.
RT : Kasten: "Dodger pride .. It's a feeling that just doesn't exist at ordinary franchises."
How does it Work real time ..Well U R the Boss What you say goes But, endless unseen enemies undermine U passive aggressive Ppl gnaw at U
Consuming 1.5 burritoes is exactly how I feel.
I doubt he even knows the word "cervix." what a lout!
when you feel like hope is gone look inside you and be strong and you'll finally see the truth that a hero lies in you
I have to take action to know whether or not my actions are mistakes
Arizona needs a fucking ocean
The ASU Sun Devils own the lead at the first media timeout, 9-3.
National bike to school day. Did you sing along? I did.
Thank you for attending this evening. Sorry I didn't get to meet you. Hopefully we can get to an event soon. :)
Hmm I'm thinking of a nap even though I just woke up
Lovin some life right now...gearing up for another weekend of shows-BH
I was guessing fish!
If you send me a game request . I'll send my fist a request to your face. From:Me
i have so much faith in them and they let me down
you are sure it was the fiesta people and not
": #RETWEET IF YOU HAVE #INSTAGRAM ON #ANDROID"
Wish you all a #PreHappyNewYear have a blast this weekend but remember to 'think before you drink' & stay safe!
"You're no daisy! You're no daisy at all!"
Funny when some people don't know anything about the sport they're watching...
It looks like it is going to be a very nice day with lots of blue sky. To bad I don't get to enjoy it much...
Well thank you! Much appreciated.
Catch up is putting it mildly. I am so far behind. I have missed everyone.
On The Bus omw Home
There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won't feel insecure around you.
"Other than founding of the nation, is most exciting thing to happen in Virginia"
No limt Superstar ent dinner tonight 9:30 @ hooters river oaks let me know if u can make it or not
USA Today says guns a big seller on Black Friday. Makes me want to shoot somebody.
Couples are eagerly booking rooms/pass for the next Ski the Slopes, get yours too. Spaces are limited to 80 couples. ski.swingfestevents.com
I just got bullied by John and steven :-(
I agree. Who are you excited to hear from at #ncte11? I'm interested in what Linda Darling-Hammond will discuss re: teacher ed.
Anyone in OKC looking for a semi-challenging desk job?
BEACH AWSOME..HOPE YOU HAVE FUN! #YEE YOU SHOULD write on THE SAND ND TAKE A PIC Nd TWEET ETT TO ME.PLZZ:)
With you on that! Mine will be "Fish Fry's and Bow Ties: Diary of a Southern Nerd" dead aim @ Lil Wayne & clones
#lazy. The show is awesome.
Hijole! That's too close.
I hope this #Celtics bench & Sasha Show up In the playoffs!
you need a torrent client. I suggest uTorrent.
#Minnesota #Twins have offered salary arbitration to three free agents, starting pitcher #Carl #Pavano, right-handed reliever
omg mine too<3
he's just being rediculous with that... Trying to be a rebel
Why you wanna see my spine, Mommy?
Comfort Eagle by Cake is one of the best albums of all time.
We Wintery Micks are staying inside to avoid the wintery mix outside.
attitude reflect leadership.
Even School Kids Can Floor You If You Don't Know This Much ...
is packing for a super early flight to The Hamptons tomorrow! Then some fun with friends in Brooklyn!
I was really going do my homework today but i got to school and there was karaoke........i couldnt resist lol
I get whole milk in my latte..
“: Would your friends to the same for what you do for them ??” only one person would do the same! Sucks, but true
Ugh my foot is bleedin
yup. It's about 70 pounds.
I'd take you, , but the redhead I'm bringing is MUCH cuter than you. We should do a game though. 4/11? 4/13?
I nominate Adele for top soundtrack for dental visits
EVERYBODY know$ the only move to TURN UP tonight is #FaceOffFridays at !! "ALL NIGHT!" Hosted by DJ Rasta Root!
we're with you! Let's do this, or I guess it should be let's NOT do this!
God is my EVERYTHING!
I'm going to my Papa's later. you can meet me there to go home
REPUTATION FOR TASTING :-)
Trickle down, job creators and all the other republican theories will be put next to Greek mythology in the history books.
you're ignoring me now? that's cool -_-
Feel so bad for my brother, worst pitching he's done in his life. #offtoday :/
Okay so tumblr works on my laptop but not this one. This is fuckin lame.
its exactly 5:00....let's.
Anthropologist Karen Ho author of Liquidated: An Ethnography of Wall Street -on Up with Chris Hayes, MSNBC (April 1) tomorrow 9 am EST.
& - Thanks so much for the RT and helpin' us spread the word!
Oh he didn't just say the word idiosyncrasies! Lol
Going to Georgia this weekend. It is going to feel good getting away for the weekend =)
I don't understand the willful ignorance. They said a lot of the same stuff about Kennedy 50 years ago too.
Holiday season must: The Brooklyn Flea Pop-up shops at Chelsea Market.
Finally! Tweeting your Dürenmatt piece line by line.
ok when i'm ready. Lol
We are often asked for assistance to locate the right Security Professional from a licensed established security company.
movers are carrying the heavy stuff out of the ol' and into the new!!
he is completely eligible, he was BORN in this country, and yes, i think he's the guy..do you like him for VP?
All you Colorado Hip Hop heads and Home Town Hooligans out there peep the Raw new tracks, link: www.reverbnation.com/Cynical303
The #SuperMoon is aweome and so beautiful!!!
“: How did you like the initial surprise?” it was just me. And it was cool
Good morning! Happy Mum's Day! (:
you can just blind the black men with your whiteness and run away lol ;)
3 hour ride down to NC today with 2 Chiefs and an Ensign just to pick something up, turn around and ride 3 hours back.
what do you think of the Black Veil Brides? Discovered them at the Sunset Strip Festival.
is at my house.
RT : I can't believe Lamborn is the only member of the subcommittee here.
I heard that pretty soon your iPhone will just be able to wash the clothes for you.
Things are looking good for 2011!!!
pleasee pleasee follow me (: my main acc. Is This is my personal(:
RT : "All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." Walt Disney
M, mint juleps!!! Have one for me!!
Just in time. Yay! RT “: Just bought my sister & I tickets for & the concert Friday night!
BTW , way to go on helping groom the next gen of social professionals. Very impressed w #socialSJSU engagement & questions : )
The teams get a little shovey around Ryan Miller. It's what we've come to expect from these two teams.
Neil Diamond grows the most epic beard during an "on the road" montage in "The Jazz Singer." It's Oscar worthy.
that hat is live!!!!
You're fatter than I am. Why don't you go to the camp?
You were born with wings. Why prefer to crawl through life? ~ Rumi
8.I like blue.
Just finished up some work with our friends in Canada. Catch you all later
Been sat working in McDonalds all day, like a lonely loner...
Watched NBC's Awake last night...they've got me hooked for more episodes. Chiefly, because I want to like the show, and enjoy the concept.
and to all of our new followers THANK YOU! We appreciate the follows! :)
Annoyed -.- but on the other hand happy finished my reading!
i need about 10 arces with house and barn to lease
what do you mean?
It might be December, but we've got summer in a jar from
Seared salmon swag RT : Killin this all u can eat sushi
current travel music: The Egyptian Lover. current travel snack: Jaymz' wasabe and mustard pumpkin seeds.
yeeeeh bitch !!! i wuz like HOY MOTHER OF GOD O.o
What a lucky girl!!
Yes, you did. I anticipated whether you were sincere. I will contact you later this evening.
RT #Sagittarius have no problem letting people go when they know they can do better.
Stay doesn't detect when you connect or disconnect a display - you have to trigger it manually. Thus my vote goes to Display Maid
Getting my nose pierced!
Am thinking about one thing to master in my life, and I'm wondering how hard it would be to master just "being well." Is that too broad?
Assigning a 'Sacred Space' essay today for comp class. Love petitioning for stories.
now joining #blogtrends chat - hello every one!
are you at relay?
Would you & Mom like to see Motherhood the Musical? Reply to us by 9am & we'll draw a name to receive tix & $10 DDcard for MomsDay DDonuts!
I wil be visiting a friend in NYC for new years. So excited. I was in London for 5 weeks. Miss it a lot too! Thx 4 follow!
no i will miss you too much!
Thanks for posting your #saa09 paper. One of my very favorite sessions. Walked away with so many ideas.
fresh out
And I'm thankful that I am able to make you as happy as you make me!:-*
These iPhone apps are Taking over my life lol
I do like cheap! I'll compare prices and see who wins :)
Plenty of craft beers in bottles and on draft, head on down to drink well with us! Drink Well, Drink The Lackman, Drink OTR!
this day just gone bad since i heard /read the bad news bout vinny
RT : Check the one with Obama on the front...good eyes
I wanna go home.
headed to Somerset homie. You'll get them next time homie.
Is the art of a simple "Thank you" lost?
Teeth whitening today! :)
Food for thought. sumthin 2 feed the brain and gain knowledge...
I might use both, idk.
haha :) is that really ur brother?
well, at least you have the excuse, unlike me.
J.P. Morgan New York City Headquarters, November 13 Apply by: October 23 Open to: Women in their soph/ jr year jpmorgan.com/winningwomen
It's too early for this game
#kids Host Families Needed for Students from Spain in the area to learn about American culture and improve English skills. at Pittsburgh...
2day is the 1st day that I get to play w/the real books from the collection! I can't wait 2 see what I find this afternoon.
Old hoes we dated.
My dad always gets stopped by airport security they like do the whole pat down thing
When do you come home?
Had a great time on the pavement with my students! Wouldn't want to grab them on the street (less wearing a cup and protective head gear!!)
Im so glad I have besties like them. Whenever I need them, they're there for me. (Most of the time) (: <3
Nope. The shushing is only encouraging more of the same.
so excited to see you! yes, let's meet up. i fear you'll be much busier than i. i'll send my sched as soon as i get it done.
Just at an emotional standstill right now.
Tomorrow we kick off the 'Rural Route Film Fest' -- the only place you can see these films in Oregon. Spread the word!
Free coffee and tea, plus 20% off all art and jewelry Black Friday 12-5pm at NewVox Art Gallery.
Is a lucky girl w/ lots to be grateful for: a family who loves me, friends who are there for me, a man who adores me, a dog who snuggles me
You choosing that over me.. Alright there's no argument there! Enjoy!!
Shopping day with my sister and Mimi in Allen
lemme get some
RT Evan Christian performing tonite at the Jazz Estate
See me on WBBM 2 news at 10 tonight
nopee you too be ready on Thursday lmfaoo
Me too! RT : Ima serve God till my last breath..
Congrats Chef Definitely well deserved. Can't wait to eat again.
Girls have to make shit clear cause apparently guys have no idea
great new pic. Love your legs :)
Be careful next not to hurt yourself from dancing?
I have made some major progress on my website! www.airlinecrew.com
just rocked the house #LakewoodHouston "we're gonna dance, dance, dance in this freedom we know"
This weekends WINNERS - Patriots, Saints, Texans & Packers. I'll be eating some Wings tonight!
What to do tonight.....
Frank's FREE plays tonight - Houston Astros +112, LA Dodgers -1.5 +165, Texas Rangers Over 5, LA Angels Over 4
I've lost hope in ever finding the boy of my dreams. Maybe my standards are too high??...nah ;)
#SMBmad is the hashtag we follow for this event. Just a FYI for the future.
Love it! And girl you're amazing :)
If you can't beat 'em, fight 'em.
it was nice to meet you at #smcsea. nice job and for sponsoring event. thank you!
happy NFL free agency tuesday!!!!!
Y kwanzaa after all the good shit gone?
Thanks! Added it.
- Thanks for rolling through!
you should get a viddy
Custard, you are tough, and I am tough. But who will write whose epitaph?
Ive heard the Droid has a terrible battery, but I guess it depends on the phone too
Think about it, headphones are such whores... they go into every hole they find ;)
I will always return your emails. :)
For $1.5M in partner investment in the LAUNCH initiative, nearly $80M in foundation & private $$ has been invested in solutions.
Prince comes up big in the clutch again. Departure will leave a massive hole in this lineup.
bang bang bang(:
Can't wait to see you in Houston. Just got tickets for your show in June.
So, was able to have the best team in the League w/ Cavs cast. If they were so bad, what does that say about #Heats support cast?
Senator argues for her amendment: "We shouldn't increase taxes on innovators and job creators."
Gasol makes me sick.
Gov Martinez announcing new PED rules re autism at 2:30 p.m at the Santa Fe Children's Museum. via
Watching the 4th quarter of the Clips-Grizz game last night on NBAtv. Might be late to work. Lol
Whats wrong with the police, get caught having sex on duty.....Wow!..:-)
bout the same...can you text???
You DO own it Cher. Support is not always easy to give, and I appreciate your support of the gay community. You will always rock.
lol you aren't evil!!! You have nervous laughter, I do too! I once had a laugh attack at a funeral
....well that was a wild few weeks. Farwell holiday season -- it's me not you -- but it's over.
ima just do me baby. nothing else.
RT : Think about the energy we generated in 1 hour, how excited u were 2 rhyme, & imagine your kids w/that same emotion
When your ex gives you your stuff back and it smells like beer
thank you for supporting the team :)
So we're flippin desk over now!? Oh ok.
Good Night!!
Jennings out only 2-3 weeks, caught a break there...
She also doesnt like ketchup on fried, eggs, breakfast food in general, grilled cheese and mac and cheese.
Okay, now is confused.
do you do mixtape covers?
homemade fondue
thanks for the follow and the RT, Jen!
Love seeing all these #hastags in the #SuperBowl commercials!
RT : Fantastic work! | Thanks so much.
I found out what my friend got me for my birthday... A life sized cardboard !! Follow me?(:
I'm gonna start a style where I leave every tag on every article of clothing I buy.
Did u check out new CrazyGirlsLV.com site? Wow! It's like a porn site, but classier lol (maybe cos it's b/w!)...cont'd (via )
My ankle hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
When is your panel? Come enjoy a Mixpotini at the #AAPC Welcome Recep, scan our custom QR code & enter to win a NEW iPad!
Its gonna so much fun. Whats better than meeting directioners, fangirling, and seeing the boys all in one day? NOTHING
np, love Ella, much respect for admiring her too! xx.
if you aren't a fan of daylight saving, travel back in time to this day in 1918, when Congress approved time zones and daylight savings time
While you were sleeping coming up next on the breakfast show!
Scott: ask any Gaslamp business how life would be w/o convention center. Seriously, do homework and go ask them.
I will be in the lobby of the Hyatt at Bar333 (wearing a scarf), so I think it is time for a #blend12 #tweetup before dinner ;)
I'm eating an apple
hahah I love hiiiimmm! He was definitely my favorite senior year haha
yo i dropped my phone in the toilet last night lol smh.i gotta get a new one but shoot me an email @
Unfortunately, no. Wish I could have made it. How's it going?
"I'm in a New York state of grind"
Thanks. Some say goofy but hilarious is kindly put. ;)
I WAS READING
lovin the pic!! That was a great show.
Lol, of course you can! :)
let me know if you stop by - can say hello and put you in touch with some of our social folks too
When I was a kid, I wanted to be older. Now that Im older, I just want to be a kid again. Getting older is so not fun.
whats better than #niallwhipshispenis ... i wud die if i saw that ;)
many thanks!!
lol uh oh
holy shit I only started following you today and I want to punch you about this whole #weredoinggreat thing but I love you
this is just too powerful. I'm going to sleep! Gotta work in the morn!
niccee i usually stay in colonia :>)
you never know until you try <3
i need a haircut/trim, my hair is way long, any stylist want to cut it?
di. criteria should not impact anyone! They should be use as a helpful tool. A tool that helps communication. Not insurance gig
*I know my health insurance company cares about me!*
Sub for 2nd block again :-)
Amelia! Stfu! Love u... Ps how did u do last night?
Q3: To protect your skin all year long with sunscreen, from a magazine article
Your reflection to others is evident in your actions. Always do the right thing.
good call that he'd be starting soon. Great pickup for the
#oomf is going to cut yo dick off...
Ravens going need the defensive line to step up which I think they can to fill the void of Suggs not being there
I'm going to John Prine Friday. I'll catch you next week. Get here early I don't think the nugget nectar will last.
How do we not have Affliction brand personalized license plates?
kids need exposure to Technology! It will be a way of life in there future! Mine @ five is a Tech kid in a home school setting:)
Great video on #ebooks!
I have a Director of Sales opening in New York Tri State area. Must have been a manager any level for at least 2 years and Ortho experience.
Rep Cohen talking about resurrection of BTW's neighborhood & our partnerships! He is flying back on airforce one with Pres Obama!
LOL...I don't know what I'm going to do when you leave for school **tears for real** LOL
At the studio goin' hard with D Report!
Thx ! Great to have you at Camp! RT : This guy...is always busy for is everywhere!
I see nothing wrong with #dogphotospam. nice additions!
RT MT "United Way has always defined itself by $ raised. Let's start to define now by how great our impact is" - Nat CEO
many women have decided to put off marriage until it is too late, not foreseeing that lifelong independence can be its own kind of prison
Taking Back Sunday ALWAYS reminds me of .
I'm here to keep an eye on
take yo drunk ass home
I'm surprised your CFB conference segment included ZERO references to ACC options/teams
We call that BENJAMIN REDEMPTION. The canes needed that punt return by Travis. #OSU 20 #UM 17
Oh Jason. C'mon now. Ur post was 120 char, giving you 24 more to play with. (Had to tweet since I can't send u priv message)
RT : Looks like rain again....... c'mon nice weather - show yourself - Looks like more snow, that's even worse!
A dentist once told me I only had to floss the teeth I wanted to keep.
Oh Nvm I'm On My IPhone N I Thought It Was Gonna Take A Min. Check It Out
RT : Sperling: we should be "deeply troubled" by GOP Medicaid cuts. Cutting program by 35 percent, up to 49 percent.
I have coffee! And the villagers rejoiced and put away their pitchforks and torches.
Though I live in Boston, I think the #Patriots are going to get smoked by the #Giants in the #Superbowl on Sunday. Sorry
It must be noted: it's pretty depressing overall IMHO. Especially for writers.
M we can't wait for garden veggies either! Best part of spring :)
Rondo had 69% of the Celtics' assists and 40% of their rebs.
#HTTR Just realized you are frat... GOMAB
Thanks for the Mention!
GAY PRIDE BITCHES! WE CAN'T BE STOPPED!
well, darling, you aren't broken...but we may keep our distance for a bit :)
I wanna have webcam with and
How did you not lose your lunch watching the circus freaks?
I'm replying an hour later. That's how my Monday is.
My first follow was ! I make my account for her :)
Good morning ladies & gents, from the last check in looks like #roaddron has crossed into IL, good luck kids IL is a strange plaee
Don't mind my ranting one of my friends died 2 nights ago and well LIFE IS WAY TOO SHORT
I now have a theatrical agent. Yay!
you're hilarious. I just remembered...we were supposed to have a beer in November. Double jerk? Nah
Entering the cone of uncertainty.
good morning! Do y'all market and sell the honey y'all make? Love honey!
Your show in Orlando was great tonight. Come back again soon it's gonna be even better.
Yes, email me there.
Kyubei is really awesome sushi!
Nice! RT : Watch for me on tonight at 5 or 6. Talking about tar spot on maple trees! Yeah!
Let's go all the way tonight.
my last like 30 tweets were my definition of love
Board members compliment each other on balanced budget.
Good morning.
His poetry was occasionally odd -- was he really trying to converse with his chair? -- but his tunes could move one to tears
Hello to !! She might have the *best* Bio on twitter ever~ Thanks to for the heads up on her!!
hey Michael how's my best friend and ur part time intern doin? My guess is phenomenal
I hate it when people with great potential to be something; become the complete oppisite and lose theirselves along the way.
Hey , those batik hangings in the stairs b/t 2nd & 3rd floors of the Info Commons building are not actually batik. Just sayin.
Statistically you would have to think so. But will it be enough to win?
Just realized I will be in night class while 's tour stop is less than one mile from my house. Really? <U+0CA0>_<U+0CA0>
I've tried emailing him before but never got a response.
when are you comiing to florida? Please say, i love you dahvie your my idol<3 ;") //
Tonight, we are young! (;
4 mile run, 2 mile hike, hit the gym to weight lift, and now ready to run some more
any great resources for creating templates in word? Assigning headline, subheadlines, etc.? Let me know!
U a hoe
Lemme tell you when I'll switch to "Timeline" - when you pry "Facebook Classic" out of my cold dead hands...
Tonight I'm @ the apartment in Lincoln park & club kiss @ 11pm & 2:30am on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com
! : No more fishnet outfits, I solemnly swear!!!
Well said my friend.
Ppl got all these definitions about how real bf/man supposed treat his woman , psh…
Seems Like You Lose a lot of friends comin otta high school......didnt lose my music tho.
Awesome! Btw, if you have a chance, would you mind giving us a review in the Android marketplace? Would be hugely appreciated! :)
I remember when we used to call hurricanes "heavy rain." Times change...i get it...
Hearing my daughter say "Mama"! :-)
today's plan: don't stare and stare and stare at kelly kapowski if her kid is at music class.
geocache yourself to blue ash...
A sex injury is so much better than a non sex injury. Just saying.
hey edgar i don't think that's snow!
Pool day round 2, I think so!! <U+E04A><U+E322>
u got toys?
#milwaukee Great show! Busy-we almost ran out flyers! Thanks to all for stopping, we look forward to working with you&enjoy your projects!
It's time to call it a day & a very long day it was. Thank you, friends! Ciya @ 8pm, it'll be here before you know it. Goodnight!
Just heard food called "delicious energy" on the radio. Hilarious.
The Devil be soo close to you it dont make sence the more blessings God give me The more the Devil feel he can try to devour n attack.!
OMG my sister is the scariest driver EVER! 8( <-- that's the face of fear
you are the first person I have heard say that, that honestly would be a great idea
Oh Santa....please bring me a little Napa Valley for Xmas!
I was joked at him
Omg wow. Ur such a friend.
So, so sad.
Once was absolutely beautiful!! Seriously! The music... The acting... Everything was wonderful!
luv u : Ready for some cool amigas for #FF?
I took the Who Said It: Cartman or Ted Nugent quiz and had to guess my way through. People take that man seriously?
TY for the
is it bad that I don't really like The Weekend Show... oh well I can't watch it anyway night
Congrats Eli and NY Giants!!
I will miss tweeting you up. When will you be back monday?
cool. I used to work in the restaurant industry many, manny, many years ago.
Looking forward to seeing my Tweeps at #spectrum12 #stcorg Glad you're making the trip!
Happy mother's day :).
Hi, #wiunion. Missed you all. Thoughts and prayers appreciated as I face demon of breast cancer. Back in MN land 4 now for surg/treatmt.
shout out to the bruthas!
you need to kill dat image with the "red background"...it looks like somebody took that pic at da mall. Too stiff. <U+2764> the <U+266B><U+266A>
RT if you're still up!! (:
when u plug ur iphone in the computer and it starts to upload my 1003 pics -_-
ok I will hit yu
Ha I could say the same replacing drupal with manuscript!
#LetsGoHeat let's get another 30 point lead
Welcome to the club...
“The best revenge is massive success.” We couldn’t agree more.
flacco makes u eat your words
Aww congrads to all the people who will be attending prom & graduating this year
Rise & shine! What is everyone up to today? Xo
Thanks everyone! Now to get cracking on the diss...
thats you love me.
sup im up and bored...who checking?
Con Viendo Vídeos de Christian Beadles
I have had enough golf this weekend to last me a lifetime.
ahh shit tonight's gonna be craa craa my boy is gonna be tearing up robotic Tulsa tonight every one in Tulsa better be there
hey alex (; good morning!! I hope you have a good day(: love you alex, please dm or reply to me!? <3
Do you agree, disagree?
We're hammering out the details of our next event and are looking for a food sponsor. Interested? Let us know: nick at refresh-dc dot org.
thanks! Happy Friday! “: Happy Friday! #FF”
Check your yahoo
beware telegraph nan-n-curry umbrella bucket -- 2 umbrellas went in before lunch & both wr gone afterwards! wet walk back 4 me & lunchmate
Tough loss, but to a great team...the season isn't over. Go Blue!
The only thing that turns the world from a lonely place to a beautiful place is love.
So, what wines are in your weekend plans? Stop by the Diamond Ridge Market, sample a few and then take a bottle or two home?
I have a heart that will never be tamed
Haters will broadcast your failure, but whisper your success..
playing minecraft with (:
Nice to officially meet you today!
No not at all. :( What's wrong hun? *hugs*
Yeah me too. I'm gonna transfer a couple of toons myself
damn thats serious numbers man. Planning a trip are u?
St pattys has started.
I ate so good at the chicken spot, my son is knocked out.
no repair needed, (im good)
Up over 24 hrs straight for third time in as many weeks trying to sppt projects, levy breaking with so few resources,
Clown House Ent. Presents Cash Clown's Planet Moolah Mixtape Coming Soon
Noone can be anywhere as cool as my bestfriend
you are lucky!!!
QoTD: "He who angers you, controls you." (Unknown)
Calling all nerds! An entire Smithsonian line-up @ the Apr 26 ThirstDC event! Starfish, politix, mars, cheetah sex + more!
Note to self: do not forget to eat when celebrating 's bday. And next year wear a helmet.
RT : Happy #nationalteachersday to all the wonderful educators out there! Thank you for all you do.
Back ti school for spring semester.. nice!!!! let me get in my grove
<== Having a GREAT time with my Baby!!! About to head out for some Chinese! #LGBT <U+2665>
ahah good and you're welcome
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO... design an all html5 e-commerce site for me full of #threejs effects and put it on Shopify... for a modest budget?
I FEEL LIKE CUTTING ABITCH RN
it really is amazing, how can anyone justify being able to look that sick fuck in the eyes after knowing what he did to those kids
You keep spoiling us! Thank you!!
u gotta take the good w the bad... & it will get bad... dont let it kill ya spirit tho..
Hahaa yeea, but It'd be even more great if people liked me for who I am (; ^^
Congratulations to Doug Walter in section 214! He is the winner of the seat upgrade, thanks to all those who entered!
Does anyone else get really excited about an exhibition or program only to realize that it's at a museum several states or continents away?
Off to Texas for 's #WinterMeetings!
OK no more stalling... going for a run.
Less than a month till #cityandcolour <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Nice Wakefield tribute. Such a special & important season for the Sox this year. Would be nice if they were actually playing good baseball.
but if I was skinny boy yo boy would get polos errday my guy it cost to high in my size
I'd like to butt in and agree with everything is saying. Yes to video. Yest to student workers.
Iced Americano from #Starbucks is perfection
Father, paint me the earth on my body. - Sioux chant.
Hey thanks, be sure to check out more stuff coming soon
Oh no, you ruined my image of you now. I thought it was your baby picture.
what you guys just did to Muhammad Ali was disgusting. Your owner is a first class asshole and the stadium looks like shit.
Fab Design Tip: Spend more money on the pieces of furniture that you want to last longer. - Sofa, dining room table, etc.
Must be. I think I'm changing my strategy next year. :)
After that front nine, I thought he had it! RT : Well, so much for that..
I figured twitter needed me back
"I've decided to give up wearing powdered wigs and tricorn hats for Lent." Well Bummer. I was going to START wearing them ;0)
hopefully at least 9mi
Just emailed EE that I fell in friendlove with you in Iowa! You going to be in Champaign end of May? Want to hoop it up?
It's gonna be a long but exciting first two weeks of March so I'm resting these last few days of Feb. CIAAs and Hawaii back to back!
To break free of a negative thought, begin by becoming a watcher of your thoughts. (via #marthabeck)
Welcome dinner and opening session at Macondo nicely intimate--able to learn everyone's names. Volunteers are great, as usual.
word up! preach on sista
Didn't have to use my AK, I gotta say it was a good day.
If you haven't been to Scottsville Farmers Market - what are you waiting for? Get out of town for student move-in day and check us out!
Ok - is it still winter here in Madison, WI? What's with the #snow?! Seems like more like more than a dusting!
Guide To Clickbank - Earn Income Without Google Adsense
RT When u embrace pain and struggle it transforms into wisdom and success.
of course!
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES!! Austins pants now have a Twitter so go follow them... (:
Spent fuel rod disposal has always been one of my major concern about Nuclear energy.
#HELP Thinking of cities I should move to, which ones should I look up?
Good shit Pacers!
sounds good! where is it gonna be?
Breakfast & Dinner Together :) N.Y. Strip Steak & Eggs: two eggs any style, chorizo hash
you to how are you guys doing
I'm back baby
Tone of suggestions - what are your goals?
Don't forget about the Munchie Express tonight! We will deliver McDonald's, Taco Bell, Burger King, pretty much anything you want!
5? I think? Just winding down w/ #TrainSpotting on Netflix.
You are beautiful.
my sister Steph!
Good god you're coming up with reasons
The opening was fantastic. Thanks for asking! The show is up until April 1, stop by anytime.
I'm sending you to Cheeseburger Addicts Anonymous. Seriously.
Im getting there. Slowly, but surely.
RT : Bristol Palin is publishing a book about her life so far. What a great gift John McCain has given America: The Palins.
We at Texas Coastal Vacations wish you a Happy Easter!
At the nursing home with the gf to see grandma!!!
#floradiocity absolutely breathtaking
We like to think it does. Thanks for the shout out.
is it me? lol
cheking in at the Pitch Yourself into the Shark Tank - The Health 2.0 / Angel-VC Matchmaking Event in NYC
Ready for the sequel to Drive? Driven by James Sallis is out on April 3rd. He'll be signing books at Poisoned Pen Bookstore
it isn't and there's nowt wrong with that I have loads of spots too..
I know he is! hes sweet, loving, awesome, sexy, funny, etc. I could go on but i'll run out of characters.
Night everyone going off to bed super glad that I'm off tomorrow <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
There is a new version coming out this week. Also working on fixing crashes when playing some videos.
ATTENTION MAHOMIES RETWEET THIS IF YOU LOVE AND SUPPORT
Really? Police hiding dissenting citizens from foreign dignitaries != police state? We disagree.
From list of voters you can see why films picked were dull-unpopular-lost 100mil-silent-Hwood insiders-foreign-NOBODY SAW
always good to see you always bringing the energy!
Someday when I finally have that nervous breakdown, they'll find me under my desk rocking & yelling "Siri, is it raining?"
At the end of the day, it's the kids who are at the heart of what I do. Their growth as students, as people, are contingent upon what I do.
good move zuck
It's only April but LORD knows I'm ready for some FOOTBALL. That's all I needed for today to be perfect.
Tay: smells like parmesean cheese,nata: by that u mean it smells like feet. tay:smells like fish in our apt, nata: close ur legs.
This Weds May 2 is Pint Night!! Featuring $5 Yards Saison pints!! You keep the glass plus other great giveaways!! Starting @ 5pm!
If you have Linux Administration experience, and live in Austin, get at me or email me your resume. Addy is on my site.
Today's Question: Which is the only U.S. state to produce coffee?
follow me your so talented and very beautiful :)
If it wasn't for Porn there would be a lot more crime occurring
hi there!! Thanks for the follow! Do you know anyone who'd be interested in our show? :) thnxs!
brilliant - I was expecting a big mad steak !
Good Mornin loves.
Embarcadero Technologies has launched the new CPU- and GPU-powered business application platform FireMonkey
If you're not active/exercising daily, you're missing out on a powerful mental clearing, body enhancing, life extending tool.
Shoutout to Danny Granger for showing up and shooting a stellar 1 for 10. Thanks... Captain.
So looking forward to seeing you do your thing Nicole. Thx!
More like "ai can be the ONLY dog who gets all of the attention!"
She didn't believe you are gay? Too funny!lol.
Wow Yaya Toure just keeps going, City shoulda had a couple more goals
Pretty soon lebron's headband is going to be vertical!
thanks guys! I love ya'll! :)
On the real i dont give a fuck about shit u think i care i dont
haha but isn't there a British version? Cause on some websites they have "American English" & "British English"
Ah, apparently it's the National Yule Log. #Nationalwhat?
“: Same here. RT : Can't wait for The Newsroom. I'm a Sorkin fanboy.” --> us too!!!
Karma is a bitch,but just make sure that bitch is beautiful
>>> my bad.. I was saying did you wanna work on this other track with me
Apple says the company's co-founder Steve Jobs had been battling pancreatic cancer.
Where my lakers fans?
Our silence can keep us isolated.
augh! My wallflowers tendencies fought my will to go and won--now my folly is revealed. Been thinking of you, monotreme!
If you wanna be a #Badger just come along with me!
Ability is what you're capable of doing.
its not that big of a deal people. guarntee if it was a school board members son or daughter they wouldnt think twice about it
hahaha BITCH I don't wish I KNOW!
calm down hun
finale * stupid phone changing what i type.
Well. This is it. Im changing. Im done making mistakes and Im done getting in trouble. Im sorry 2 anyone i upset. And btw. Im nvr having sex
What the hell is a "wuggle" a combination of a snuggie and a wiggle?????
Lunch-special favorite: sea bass served with sautéed spinach, sherry soy broth and sticky rice.
ABQ spots for fresh & local: Jennifer James 101, Slate St Cafe, Cafe Green, Winning Coffee, Flying Star (6 of 'em). Enjoy! :)
change ur profile name. future employers are watching, listening.
I should have enough for all. DM your shipping info and it's yours!
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity. -Joseph Addison
Annual Membership meeting: Kudos to the past, big dreams for the future.
Children should not be named till after they are born, nor titles determined on for books till after they are written. (1850)
PickUpLine: Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
^ Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk. Carl Jung
Im so sick of this phone
No, unfortunately not. It's a marketing position that will be much more exciting than my current one, so that's good.
Not sure what to do on this beautiful Sunday afternoon? Support your Commodores by coming to the Lacrosse game or the Baseball game today,
Nice meeting you
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Real Estate Inspections 305-232-3344 Starting from 50.00
Don't step out of one boat until your foot if firm in another
Right. But it still doesn't say what work it came from. Conversations with Eckermann? The Sorrows of Young Werther?
I just hope I cross your mind sometimes..
American Apparel and Polarn O Pyret.
Ugh wish the day was over
whoop their ass, seabass! {RT Someone mirrored a client site & is stealing traffic. wrong person to piss off 2day
just curious ...did you?
That's when I'll get an Ipod nano. I can just clip it on my shirt and do my thang. I don't need the Ipod touch.
I want some rice LOL atleast i had tocos last night >.<
And then pee on them!!!!!
Nothing says "goodnight aaron" like a whataburger chocolate shake
I am not growing one of those !! Sorry >:P
iPod mix just stopped on Color Me Badd. Where is my New Jack City DVD !
lol I thought the same! Going to have to look it up...
I wish there was a support group at Emory for newly minted PhDs, trying to process "What just happened?" simultaneously w/ "What's next?"
aww I was the same last year. Enjoy the finale!
DO YOU EVEN WATCH SPORTS?!?! youre hellen kellers black son
IT'S GONNA BE A LONG NIGHT :/
Congratulations to your son and the whole family!
Thomas a Kempis~ First keep the peace within yourself then you can also bring peace to others.
Im just hating tht im not in one. Whatever nigga.
As Portland leads...please follow indie Portland celeb and native Just good stuff. I'm off to surgery and he's an actual pdxr
California, San Diego wants changes to corrupt system here too! We support you!
Art develops cultures and brings about new perspectives. It strengthens understandings!
loves vref at the moment. terrific customers today!
RT Congrats to of UMass-Boston for earning #highered tenure and promotion! >Thanks ASHE!
gotta feelin ima start usin da phrase itz ova 4 u a whole lot more.mfs wanna b stingy but wen i do it back dey feel like i did em wrong
it's pathetic,it's stupid and it's bullshit
Teaching "Social Media Marketing for Business" tomorrow in Independence, OH with The Next Level Workshop tomorrow. It's going to be great!
Thank you to everyone who attended the May Linking Indiana Professional Networking Event. did an amazing with "Blaze YOUR Brand".
Thanks for the re-tweets !
Cool. As long as you still have a cache of ninja stars it is all good.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
oh, red dot... =) I don't buy that one. Rock a feather, anyway =)
And the best math teacher ever!
#TalkToTony In “Our Next Moon Shot”, CTE and STEAM education was discussed. How are CTE programs being supported?
Our own Downtown TV Studio is almost up and running for anytime TV interviews. Will shout you out when we start inviting local celebs in.
Xtra DWI patrols in the metro, Call a cab, get a ride, or at least drive carefully and take the side streets Full moon tonight Beer no Shots
i hate wen ppl tlk n tlk n let the blunt burn ! Stfu n pass it.u f*n up my mood.
Shakespeare In Love: Judi Dench said she had to wear such high heels for this film that director John Madden nicknamed her "Tudor Spice."
Big $ opportunity here in the Juve. I'm Ragging on Union Rags and taking the 3/6/8 $10 ex box and $5 tri box Crusade/Prospective/Speightcity
Altavista family receiving support from around the world for injured soldier - WDBJ7
I need this to kickstart me b4 work lol
Marion barber is such a #scrub. single handedly lost the bears the game
DISA is doing amazing things w mobile devices
Fixing to get my stuff organized in our new place. I don't much care for being home by myself tho... i miss my family.
Looking forward to the tasty food sponsored by & cooked up by . I hear there is bacon involved!
Is that fuchsia?? Lol
RT Tonight I'm just gonna get hella high and do hella homework. <<<< me too child minus the homework....
If you put a small value upon yourself, rest assured the world will not raise your price.
I know same here and my world geo test. My teacher didn't teach us half of the stuff on the review sheet. Blah
Wtf twitter keeps unfollowing people! PEOPLE I CARE ABOUT like Liz,Matt, and Eric
wow! This is a dynamic duo! thank you friends!
That awkward moment when you don't eat something because you know how much exercise is needed to burn it off...
SOME PEOPLE ARE BORN CROSS ARTIST!!
My mom is being straight up annoying right now.
Congratulation to #BSM #Hockey MN State HS Champs! Way to go boys!
But yea, stupid Bangla shows like that annoy me.
"The Fried chicken is amazing." - thx, Laura Mitchell Allen!
#OChi #NATO #m17 #CANG8 #IL Inga Holder from Germany speaks out against ongoing U.S. Military presence and U.S. European missiles.
Hey hey hey lol, thanks for ALL the #cool #Shouties you sent to me Mr. T xD ~~~~rich
BEAUTY TIP: Dry shampoo can make your style work an extra day, check them out!
Few historians seem interested (so far) in assigning e-textbooks or other e-resources. Why is that?
I'm working on the saving part. Thanks!!
Tequila may kill ya, and whiskey may make ya frisky... just dont act dumb with a lil rum
that is one gutsy name. But easier to say after a few glasses I bet.
Finally settled in to watch second half of the Laker game. LET'S GO LAKERS!
Ok haters, it's bout that time y'all tell me burn in heaven
ahh yes that looks exceptionally intense haha
it's rough out here
wished you lived closer/:
A shout out to my band who worked it until we almost dropped!
all credits cards accepted :)
Your coaching me on speech intro has changed my business, thanks
No one remembers the cover band.
#apple loses another #iPhone Prototype
Is amazing.
What you focus on with your thought and feeling is what you attract into your experience.
what time you coming out on channel 52 telemundo in los angeles ?
cute couple love them
Staffing a dance. Loudest sing-a-longs ever to "Call Me Maybe" and "What Makes You Beautiful." I love my job.
ok ill dm u
Showers are the only thing that wakes me up
At the DMV for 2 hours now!
I must be time to get back to a Tweetup now. Sounds fun.
whatever you say babe, listen to that song now :p
All your tweets say my name :)
Question about extending this design approach beyond the school. Need to deconstruct "school." INSA a good example
LMAO. I've seen this. RT : #HoodPeopleTendencies clapping their hands while arguing.
WOO! LET'S GET DRUNK!
Save the Date: 10.20.2011 DesignMatters featuring Steven Frykholm, Creative Director for Herman Miller
went to the gym today for the first time in months- thought i'd say hello before i'm too sore to move.
Your welcome.
I went to a certain hair salon in NYC...they charge $750 for a run of the mill sew in weave. Ridic.
why can't i have normal noncommercial followerers? am i that boring????
People in my school; 1% people I actually like. 99% people I wanna throw a porcupine at.
I hope that you are doing ok
Today needs to get better.
FYI - Double D just killed it on Dancing With The Stars.
Haha, I haven't stopped any.
French Roast at Starbucks #
you too!
He knows I'm dedicated I'll go to war for his attention ;)
After 1960 Belgium stopped talking about colonization, the generational change has allowed for discussion
Dammit ! You brag about reducing your footprint and yet your barristas still default to TWO cups and a lid for just one drink!
Sea Dogs 1-0 on the homestand looking to surge their way to a glorious third place finish in the eastern leage east! Only seven left.
“: the kybalion says love and hate are two different poles of the exact same emotion.” <-- learned something new.
Carlos Rodgers you need to do way better next half
You looked so different ! Ive looked the samd since i was 5. Haha thats why !
I can neither confirm or deny my involvement.
Let's get it ! Ball out. Much love guys
We have a video shoot with Dine 4 AZ today! We want to know, what are YOUR favorite Bill Johnson's dishes???
If I Had A Dime For Every Time You Were Faithful,I'd Be Broke...
EVERYBODY GO FOLLOW !
Just came out of the doc now off to get breakfeast
robustness is the enemy of transparency.
When you call someone and they don't answer, but then they reply with a text because they don't feel like answering.
hallo my darling hehehe...
People: paying attention to red flags is a must. So stay alert out there because this might save you a lot of hassle. :)
Good morning,hope everyone has a pleasant day.
im a senior! i think your the most beautiful girl in the world:)
You can't eat happiness, Betty Draper. Although the ready whip can was the right place to look for it.
I'm in sails by the women's bathroom. I'm wearing a white shirt
I feel the Holy Ghost!!!! Thank GOD 4 JESUS!!!!
Trying to figure out how best to archive film for use in exhibits, timelines, as i-pod objects, and/or streaming media to promote dialogue.
I love Quizlet & so do my 8th graders!
Brb my tablet bout to die
Wife told my four year old to come downstairs to tell me "gay john mayer is coming on Ellen" BITCH! I love john Mayer. No shame...
I love bed. I love pillow... Don't want to leave them...
now people are going to say it, just to annoy you.
- I think a lot of people bought S&F for "Santa Monica", but I can't imagine many people like the record as much as I do. :)
#brandontap21 bumping, grinding, and wiping sweat in chicago hob(:
& you're gnna pick me up everyday lol jk.
No worries ! I am happy send you an #FormulaHH event care package since you won't be able to make it - DM me ure address :)
Best case scenario, Luck &RGIII have 15 years of productivity ahead of them, best case the #Browns get 15 years COMBINED from Trent/Weeden.
Good Morning Cafe Bella Coffee fans! We already had a visitor that saw us at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate and Coffee Fest! Awesome.
We're here in DC for the Engaging Adolescent Males in Teen Pregnancy Prevention Forum. Follow #TPPBoys for updates!
A 3 year old boy was shot in the head while inside his Minneapolis home last night. Police need help to find the shooter.
Not receiving the respect. courtesy or ice cream you "deserve" may not be a plot to deman you. They may be as busy and tired as you are.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. ~ Albert Einstein
Attending Harnessing the Power of Social Media at #lpco12 facilitated by &
u r so breathe taking beautiful
For my birthday I wanted a Justin Bieber cake. It pains me that I didn't get one.
I still want to go to SXSWi once even though everybody is starting to jump off bandwagon.
“You are not what you think you are; but what you think, you are.” - Norman Vincent Peale
Cooling with working on new projects for 2012 ... Shout out to , let's make it happen
Hey metro, what's going on with the 42 bus going in the direction of Mt. Pleasant. It's been 25 minutes. @ Conn & Don't Cir
"Only bad witches are ugly." - Glenda was quite full of herself.
Arrivederci, Roma. On for a day trip to Siena, en route to Florence.
Edwards? So that we'd be in the middle of an adultery impeachment AGAIN? Sigh.
GO FOLLOW MY GIRL !!!
Right. As great as 4,5,6% growth rates are for Africa, does not mean growth is inclusive, nor improvement in social moibiliy
How about doing your own podcast??
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE to all! ;) Remember, it's ALL about Christ, seeing isn't believing....believing is seeing
HE IS HANDSOME EVER WORD
I'm waiting on the food.to finish
Finding #3: don't be negative about donations of stuff. Be positive when promoting cash giving
#cam23 Woah, not so much. There are many comparison charts around, none of them are fully up to date.
Happy birthday
Just look for the HUGE zit on Johnjay's forehead...you'll find him!!
Introduced to moon shine
just listened to 174 dude get some acupuncture for your back.
I completely agree!
#MUSICNEWS Beyonce shares family photos on new fan website
hey!!! How are you?
out of the mouths of children, right? lol!
If you're not willing to sacrifice...you might as well not even try.
The mysterious hole is not meant for abuse or misuse...
Your bass shouldn't hang so low that you can't play it.
this is my question :) who is your best friend of all time? please answer! x
Christmas is all about depressing songs and stories! ;p
great question
The best country album you've never heard? Russ Taff's "Winds of Change".
does fox have an ego yet? Haha
i agree with you on that, i am seeing it all on tv and nyc looks like a ghost town
#20factsaboutme 4) I'm scared of what the future has in store for me...
Thanks for the follow, Ashley! I look forward to sharing.
Damn dude. For real Rob. Grow up man. U think ur funny but it's just immature as hell
Agree! RT : @ #SMSS workshop. Just finished introducing myself to everyone in the session. Wow! What a variety of attendees.
I hope people check their facebook in time lol
[C'mon here!] RT “: #FAMUcommandments thou shall NEVER allow a non-Famuan to talk about FAMU!”
again with the epic win to the #Maddow graphics department. I love when I look at the screen and bust out laughing
Sometimes I wonder if referees purposely make bad calls Because of favoritism...or if They legit can't see.
tell. Gabby to call me ...
I was kidnapped by terrorists and they only just let me go, so I didn't have time to do it.
....but that's crazy
ha! Yup, I had to cold turkey, but it's there, waiting for any downtime...
Someone threw beads at our truck engineer. It's going to be a long night.
oh and i went on a liking spree on your facebook, sorry about that ;) x
oh man! I would have loved to see you!
GAME DAY!!!
YES SIR LETS DO THAT I NEED FACEBOOK NAMES INSTAGRAM NAMES ALL DAT
Mane dis hispanic chic got a big ashh booty done here Fridays
who will be more hated in ohio, lebron or terrelle pryor?
I need to rest anyway.
“: Sorry! Can't hold it in. Gotta same something about Tebow on Religion RIGHT NOW.” did some ask u for ur criticizing words?
off to bed early, thankyouAmbien, adoo
Thank you!
you are the man. I am very happy with your performance thus far this season. Keep it up 21!
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe taste in foods
Headed to New Orleans for the weekend. In lieu of alcohol, I will consume my weight in beignets.
A Guy Should Always Make Their Move.
Sounds like they r using a different kind of tear gas on the protestors in Tehran, from the victim reports. Ppl in comas, extreme fatigue
thank you for supporting planned parenthood!
Idk why people crave fame.I can't think of anything I'd want less.Give me the simple life. Fam. Friends. Kids. Love. Food & a roof overhead.
2 returns from 1 sale; total # down by one. Have a feeling its going to take longer then I thought to get to triple digits.
No problem ;-)
At least it is only coming out of your nose.
“: Daric Barton has done nothing to prove he's an MLB 1B why do the A's still let him play?” couldn't agree more BB!
Don't hold back the desire to give your children hugs & kisses- regardless of how old they are, or how many times you’ve already done it.
Goethe said, "The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation." #TeachersEdNat We're doing our part for the country & globe.
I need suggestions of fun places to work... I'm expanding my search!
Your welcome! :)
Ha, this is so something I'd say! Love Christmas!
Have you signed up for yet? If you're running Android or iOS sign up now for free to start earning your rewards!
Some Black people on the journey to become Buddhists open doors and still see white people. A Buddhist sees an empty room.- Ethelbert Miller
Omg i cut myself!
I am
Natasha from England. Watching Sheamus vs Danielson at the moment, and keeping fingers crossed for NEW iwgp jr Champ!!
ABV of 6.6 is pretty hefty - most beers around 3-5 percent (I think).
#wheniwas14 I was dreaming about BoB <3
Weekend is full. Hope I can squeeze some pool time in.
I Cried When I Read "99 Days Without You." </3
I thought I saw u dancing w/one of my girls this wknd. Lol. I guess not!
breathe. breathe. breathe.
thank you for the post!
oh I'm like 5 more sections up !
Thank you for posting the names of the award winners as they are named!
Just because you said you’re sorry doesn’t erase the fact that it happened.
Decisions...decisions...sometimes I wish I was still a kid
what you think of bruno mars winning
In the Canby area? Come by Raceway Car wash @ 851 SW 1st St. (Hwy 99 between Taco Bell & Burgerville!) All new GREEN products now used!
Young Tattoo Rage Part 1 - Yahoo! Singapore News
U know yu wanna hear some Marc. Just click play.
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate texting. I Never do it.
barely! What's going on yo!
#IKnowWhyYouMad , because I'm not fake . Realer &'better than you' , not cocky . Classy biotttchhh .
Good morning !
Todays cake is Marvelous Amaretto Marbled Cake. Happy hour anyone? WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
What to expect this Wednesday night
Headiesburg can I get some fun activities goin down tonight?
I met you in 1979 at Science Fantasy bookstore in Cambridge. We were trapped inside by a raging thunderstorm. I asked for a book...
If #France elects a #Socialist, our two nations will have that in common. RT
I like being spoiled that way.
did u see our #cxcw vid???
That too! I would've spent so much money and if my mom paid I would've felt bad. I don't regret it, I'm sick anyways :(
Come down to Andaluz and check out the fab new jewelry, awesome fashions by Gentle Fawn, and of course, great gifts like the meatopia puzzle
senior nights?
In a 66 game season, the #Bobcats finish an incredible 43 games behind the #Bulls. 43!! Incredible.
Coming up on the , We're talking about those controversial comments about stay-at-home moms! Interesting stuff!
Tonight's Boynton Beach Rec #soccer clinic has been canceled due to weather, however club training is still a go.
Skappleton MKE is happening all day ! Tickets available at the door. Come dance to the music of 15 bands in our gorgeous BFT!
'Manchester Choke' Barely Averted In Thrilling Fashion – City Wins First Title ...: Manchester City was about to lose (or at the very...
I don't know if you heard but they say that ladygaga will be on the next kill bill vol 3. I want uma thuman to play it.
In case you were wondering, that's not a fireplace in Virtual DeMaio's lush office. It's a portal to Hell--or what DeMaio calls "home base."
Thanks for the RT. Hope life is good bud. Keep killing it on the field!
Today is my official first day with ! On my way to Austin and super excited to begin this part of the next chapter in my life.
Thank you! RT : Best wishes to the in the playoffs Friday!
Hell ya!! is going to be in #Indy for the !
Dog feeling better. Phew.
10 people away from 800 followers! Retweet this and youre awesome :D
Got my goodnight call<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>! He calls me before he handles his bizz! I love my right hand
I don't regret the choices in my life, I regret time wasted on unworthy people
let me guess the girl that you like is ! It's soo obvious, even I saw that coming! (:
THANKS for the fabulous new Twitter BACKGROUND!
Patience with others is Love, patience with self is Hope, patience with God is Faith.
Finally after a week of waiting .. MCDONALD'S ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>I think I just about got everything in the menu
Out of many, one.
Trust is like paper, once crumpled up, it can’t be perfect again.
It's a Monday, who isnt?
Thanks Jen. Means the world.
NO ONE EVER SAID THAT CHANGING THE WORLD WOULD BE EASY, BUT FACING RESISTANCE IN LIL HAITI HURTS MY SOUL
Why is it every time I glance at my Advance Review I catch something I want changed?
#Adobe 20% off sale ends this week on Thursday the 15th. Get your orders in ASAP!
Damn you, Beethoven.. I can't even write about writing about symphonies without talking about you.
no one knew why k had spearheaded the group.
Finally done with my hair about to lay it down tired
yes, great same is only in Madison. If you want a similar atmosphere, hit up Milwaukee Ale house in 3rd ward.
I was having fun too haha
I tried the #24hourEP, but I just couldn't make it. I've almost finished one track, and I could make it two if I 108 -> 128
At least Frank White was fun to listen too and knew what game he was watching and talking about! I can't stand these guys!
“With your help I can advance against a troop; with my God I can scale a wall” -Psalm 18:29
Happy birthday follow her for her special day rt
thanx so much : )
Ellen Degeneres is perfection.
So #BirckenstockUSA does not offer a lifetime guarantee. That's an urban myth. They informed me to pay to get my shoes resoled.
thanks for posting Chuck S01E11 HD | Henry Turner's Crystal Band -- Giving My Love Up To You
Stars Shining Right Above U...
Jealous of peeps on train trip to visit mmgarza. Have a drink & fill out a gov't form for me!
“: I need somebody to come cook something monumental while I watch this game tho...”
BORN IN FLORIDA WITH NEW YORK YANKEES IN MY BLOOD
not too bad. Just got back from running.
he is the BIGGEST pain.
This weather turns me into a ball of nerdy/cuddly mush. If you have whiskey & Star Wars, call me.
whoa relax theree
planet fitness starting monday :)
Who's your pick for the SuperBowl winner this weekend?
that Brady/Tebow joke you told this AM is a classic. And you're right, the "experts" aren't always right. Go Texans!
These are not regular mosquitoes!
join the party
Who watched #WeightoftheNation tonight? Tweet us if #yoga has given you tools to manage your weight.
Another hot night! 2-1 +28 units 5-1 +123 units last two nights Email me for details ()
Thanks so much for the follow :-)
Like a left hook! lol imma inbox you! Do you mind?
Braun w hits to both corners in the 5th inning! 6 run inning! Go !
Its Trey Hoe
There will be a day where I can see that the Criminal Minds with James Van Der Beek is on and not watch it. Today is not that day.
DM me your phone number!
thank's for the follow :3 u look good :333
Officially dead after all the Jack Daniels I consumed this wonderful weekend
I love my Coach sunglasses.
Absolutely Taylor..we will follow!!
I was thinking of using that one. Thanks for the suggestion.
my brain's like a never ending line of worrys..
OPRAH FOR PRESIDENT ...
I can't stand dirty females.
#OneThingILove coffee/chocolate/wine
Last day of work, paycheck Friday... I think it's time to get Sheenfaced!
I can't seem to escape being subjected to bad country music at my various places of employment
Presenting and Tabling at Navigator AFAM Conference in Baltimore. Highlights soon to come!
this x 1000. Guy has all the tools, needs to put it together. Been going backward lately
Thank you for the follow! I always look forward to reading your reporting.
Yup,understand the dilemma.But there r so many gr8 gems there that I cant hlp get excited abt the possibility of Sib on Tw.
thx for info. Son may lean towards RM, so will check sched. PSG/Chelsea at Yankee Stadium. Not sure how they change field.
who's trending?
Allegro performs at the Upper Ohio Valley Italian Festival Sat 1pm and Sun 3pm visit www.allegrodancecompany.net --Wheeling WV! Buona Festa!
Peace penguis. GO
Goodmorning! Going over my sister house later & too the park then w/ him.
Kind of sad that flew the twitter coop, but I totally get it at the same time.
we will be booking bands often in the warmer months. If ur with a group now be sure to inquire!
I'd do a timeline of events leading up to it, visual/doc analysis jigsaw & quick write/outline of what the govt expl for need was
what say you ?
Good Morning TMD'ers...its the Spurs and ....Jazz or Den in Rd 1, Cowboys talk, Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! and a whole lot more
one of the best gyms ever. Loved the one in Santa Monica and wished they were in Seattle.
On team Cee-lo. Earn Martin is about to go head to head with the shields brothers on the Voice
I hear ya! Packed my coat despite forecasts of sunny warmness. See you soon! :)
who wants to be my prom date
I'm glad you clarified. I don't understand the metaphor. RT : The ultimate compliment “
Necrophilia has to be the easiest morning after
you should follow and
: See you ladies there! XO
Probably not going to California after all.
Watching cable TV's finest sophisticated character-driven drama on. That's right: season 2 Game of Thrones just started.
Get your cricket bat... you got a Zombie Mousie!
I just spit on the tip of my dick.
tossed a couple trail cams up today
Bitchez be tripping! Come on down to my Hotel Party and chill the fuck out! Got my girls wit me, poppin' Stoli!
Rep Hochberg states money doesn't always guarantee success in schools but lack of money almost ensures failure.
thank you sir!
Buffin point #2: #SocialSecurity is a lender, not a borrower.
Sunday Funday at HARRY POTTER WORLD. I don't hate it :)
Sweet! Can't wait!!
You only live once so do everything twice
I miss instragram:'(
What I'm saying is, you are soliciting memberships on promise of special delivery of MR. Is that true or not?
Utah is oh so nice, I could get used to waking up and seeing mountains everyday.
Goodnight people! Graduation in the morning! :)
SO EXCITED FOR UR NEW ALBUM!!!!!!<3
Enjoyed another phone call from
I figured since all the triple crown races were 2 weeks apart that the mini would be the same. Thanks 4 reminding me lol
...why the hell did i just see this? idk how that happened but i'm gonna fix and WHY DIDN'T YOU TEXT ME ARGHFHJJDS
today my son is 10 months old - he was born on 1/11/11! My husband tried to con me into trying for a baby due today. ha..ha
Thats great and I love to see how far u and your sisters have came in yall careers. #BFV LOVE YALL
let's him keep spending the money he raised -- maybe even let's Cain continue to raise money?
what's good fam? how u doing? u in MPLS?
YAY! Class of 2008 Alum here!
Kenny is gonna come online and feel so aprreciated. We know how to make peoples day! Happy Birthday Kenny
Compared to everyone playing baseball today, Brent Morel is very good. Relative to other Major Leaguers, though, he is very bad.
You dont even know me and thats what makes me laugh!
brother didn't like it
Trust with your heart not with your head. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE>
screw #uk fans
Only 1 week left to Register, please reserve your seat today!
amen! My thoughts exactly.
Great set at the tipsy crow by
enjoy your day
Anyone in L.A. feel the quake this morning?Earthquakes are like sex; a 4.5 used to wake me up if I was sleeping; now it takes at least a 7.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.
Live every day as if its the best day of your life
Confidential to things go smoothly today. Let's all occupy our couches by a reasonable hour this evening.
Deciding what tools & apps best for our consumers. Approach = total owner experience & deciding how digital can fill gaps to enhance
Come hear our gorgeous new piano in Sweeten; students will be playing it throughout the weekend
it's so much more comfortable to work without them.
Any T-shirt printing companies out there???
#ThingsIDislike Yogurt and Cats, except for Hello Kitty
LAUNCH PARTAY. dec 11, sunday at 8pm in the former WOW cafe (Mc 5th fl). food provided! optional: come to fridays at 6pm with us!!!
yup I could see it now him getting married to you and me there as ur bridesmaid lol
RT I would rather spend money on video games, shows and merch than any drug or alcohol!
RT : Troy Davis was murdered by America. We are all witnesses.
Our next album is just going to be a bunch of Danny Brown songs.
what's going on in Allentown these days??
Scott Wallace re-read The Hobbit & Moby Dick for inspiration in pacing his writing!
Lol... Good luck! U should be fine...
did the 2500 sng go off? if so, results?
What did he see in me tho?
www.eccoffee.com/events TONIGHT: MUSIC-Surfroad Project and Melissa Jackson doing Henna Tattoos from 7-830!
Okay fine...
sweet! thank you
A laugh is a smile that bursts.
Who else shares the irrational fear of being forced onto a reality show and made to dance? I would refuse and be branded "uptight." :(
YEsh he is, he needs to release more music
Back in Abq! Heading to work soon.
Yes, any period. I'm asking the #twitterstorians so that I pick up on stuff I wouldn't necessarily hear about.
how was I NOT following you?! Good grief.
Dear Popular Culture: The definition of "gifted" is "having or showing natural talent or aptitude," not "gave a gift." Thanks.
Yes, if "funny" means "really maddening!" Hope your editors find some consensus! :)
Cakeroke tonight!!!! We have carrot cake!!! It rules!!! Booze specials and the most supportive karaoke host in Seattle.
TODAY HAS BEEN A GOOD DAY....
Have a great Sunday everyone. God Bless this great world we live in. Anything you do today...do it cool!! Peace!!
today is a sad day for me and my fam and friends the one person who completed me passed way hope you have a greatday twitbabes love ya sis
Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night
Same! Any actress will do! I love Katherine Heigl and Elle Fanning too! :)
I only have about 22more months(26 if you count summers) of high school and I'm done. Then I can move out and do whatever I want.
shoots! We are staying at bally so perfect! Thanks ;)
Imagine if you had a Justin Bieber toothbrush and every stroke of the toothbrush it whispers "swag" lmao
The Grandy Man just hit a BOMB!!!!
I'm following you!
Can we please go on a man date before you bust this taco shell?
Vegan sausage breakfast taco win
The UK is to hold "urgent talks" at the United Nations about the "dire" humanitarian crisis affecting residents in western Libya.
Hey. Hey. Not Fair. I can't balance it with embarrassing stories about I have so many xD xD
my hubby has one. Although I've never seen 'Worlds Best Lover' during the broadcast but he assures me it was cut for time
No, and I need to fix that. (I've made mallows before, but today I used store bought due to laziness.)
indeed it does. I'm suddenly having visions of Celts/Lakers take 3
Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use. Mark Twain
If called upon, I hope that I could muster the courage of the 40 passengers of Flight 93, who gave it all 9 years ago today.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY CHICAS<3 I HOPE ITS AMAZING FOR U ALL!!!!!!
There's just something poetic about The Truth getting ousted from WSOP holding deuces, no?
I AM IN LOVE WITH YOU PLEASE MAKE MY DREAMS COME TRUE AND FOLLOW ME BACK PLEASE <3
So take my name remeber my face keep the change and have a nice day live for the moment not by the past homie live eac day like its ur last<U+E328>
March is happening now, followed by open forum at 5pm and general assembly at 7pm!
#ff for all your love and support!
#WordPress #Tools Backlinks inbound links counter – Uses MSN to track all incoming links to your site.
and we <3 you for it!!
Awesome tune! (and appropriately titled).
MediaProCamp will be at Lawrence Tech. University and held in the Buell Management Building in Room M218. Free parking will be in Lot C.
Next week USC evenings 6pm is moved to the PE pool
Follow Back???
sorry i missed you Thurs night...hope to see you Feb 23
really, it's pathetic to make any argument for foie aside from "it's tasty & I want to eat it." just be honest, folks.
He said "deliverable."
is on The Other Side via until 10:30 PM - Call in with your question & comments --- 713.526.5738 --
way to spread the hate everyone.
You act like you really like me. Then behind my back all you do is flirt with girls. Not cool.
California By Wiz Khalifa Is raw
oh dear; I hope wee Roxie is okay!
Bonfire tonight.
Look. If your child is going into 6th grade but reading at 3rd grade, please don't tell me in front of him. Loudly. Have some respect.
90 minute massage. Thank you boss lady.
Hah! Mesa gets washed more than most cars!
I'm a big fan and all, but how can I keep watching this?
Re: Pinterest Fail ... nevermind. It was delicious.
Also note that Vim represents many significant improvements over vi. Probably would not choose vi over emacs.
Will do! RT : Everyone that came last night. Take the time and follow up with your new contacts today :-).
Wouldn't be a Wings game if we weren't down late.
I love when Olivia Pope tells Pres:"I am good, I am brilliant."Great for black girls to see her saying that on prime time TV!
I took one in da sleeve . Without u by my side its safe to say that I would die but u can leave
our band shirts website will be down today (tuesday) for a bit so we can do some upgrades. hold tight!
Elise was signing 'uncle' to this light skin Mexican at the hair store.....funniest ish Eva!
this girl really loves her paw print tattoos on her but......#evethrowback shes like 50
Do you go to class? Ever?
pls fwd to followers: post tidings of comfort & joy to #holidayhash, and u could have $100 donated to a charity of choice.
Damn you Time Warner Cable! Dropped connection in my last #SC2 placement match! Platinum
Watching NinjaGO with my nephews. :)
as the evangelists say "HEALED!"
I should star in my own show called That's So Ratchet
I Need Some New Sandals In This Weather !
I'm fantastically well! how r u?????
Bitches are just like mondays none likes them.
Ambulances scare me more than anything..
We have plans. Our customers and participants are going to KNOW that "we are glad you are here" feeling.
Walk it back, Joe. Walk it back.
i would've LOVED to have had appointments on the same day! miss you, pretty woman. text me.
We finished making the soundtrack to the Pie Collect video game! It's a relief to know will be mastering it tomorrow.
Yes! tickets for show at Wolf Trap and in Charlottesville for this summer acquired...
Thanks for making a difference in my life: Emily Moses, Sarah Lowder, Delores Woodberry, Ruth Lupo.
Do work.
From 's Mike Max: former St Paul Central standout Stacy Robinson, who has been working for the NFL, is in poor health.
as in tumblr or like a real blog?
going back to my old job you tunnelbutts , maybe moving in a few months too =x
:(((( isnt it just so sad?? put a damper in my day. ugh
Come enjoy spring in the parks!!
i mean shiiiit atleast i use protection.. so it shouldnt be no prolem.
Dick Cheney's new memoir "In My Life" set to be released and will "have heads all over Washington rolling." Will his book tour come to DC?
Lmfao alright, I'm on it!!
No, I hadn't realize that. We are so happy to be able to be here for you and families who need us.
HOLY SHIT THERE THEY ARE!!!!!!!
being such a girl rt now ice cream,magazine,and popcorn=]
And yes, I'm really sad that these two things happened on the same weekend and I can't take full advantage of the film fest!
Another wild Wednesday at McFadden's tonight!
I love being a dad!!
That's awesome you got invited to the game. I'm super jealous. Go Devils!
California is one of only four states that has banned affirmative action.
I just sponsored a hungry Ethiopian child and found he had a twiiter
I can't wait for your album to come out!!!!!!!!
They should invite the guys from Mythbusters to the Lakers/OKC series so they can see us win it in 7 after being 0-2.
haha RT : Guess its nice to be a free agent WR this year.. somebody tell me who Laurent Robinson is please.
Hey, is Jan & JoJo w/you? Need 2 wish them Happy Mother's Day. :-)
Not sure, EP. 21 right? So maybe in three weeks.
ok now two balls!
Bubba Watson won the Masters today. I wonder if he used Swing Advantage Golf to get him ahead of the rest!? :)
well I'm sure it's both, I guess I'm questioning more the proportion of which that gets the most attention
My First Tweet On This Account ! =) ~Helen
This Follow Friday with Bobby Convey sounds like it's going to be a classic... #Bubblebath?
It is working!!
MAHONE MADNESS! Yeah! I don't think there is one person that doesn't have it (;
Looking forward to interviewing at today! Send us any last minute questions you might have! :) #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
Good work. I try to be Cabreras biggest advocate as well. Have a good one
Local killer haircuts, period
What the HECK was that last Tweet? ;)
's redneck word of the day: Benign - What you be, after you be eight.
YES! YES! omg YES! (that is supposed to be dramatic). Now take me to Ohio.
dont worry, he'll notice you soon
Our program has touched 1,500 of 15,000 children of prisoners in #Miami. That’s 10%. Not bad. Still long way to go.
Thank goodness I'm only on the play by play TCU v LaTech
Who has midnight tickets for the Hunger Games premiere? We won't name the names of who has them in our office. [raises hand]
Of course they did! #chulavista polz will never close the loophole that means they can come back and eat from the trough again!
already did! girl i got your back :-P
~ In this moment the plan is simple..be open to the spirit's leading.~ Catherine M Schaffer
i have an obsession over nuts. walnuts, pecans ,peanuts,cashews,pistachios, hazlenuts every kind of nut.
I refuse to be an option.
hey sorry for the late reply! I haven't seen it yet! I'll check it out as soon as I get the chance!!(:
Welcomed alum & ClickFuel CEO Steve Pogorzelski back to campus to talk about entrepreneurship. Great job, !
I can't put into words how exciting the Eddie Alvarez - Anthony Pettis at UFC 150 rumors are.
A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. - Albert Camus
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, Feb 21st, 10:30am "Books by Denise Fleming" -'The Cow who Clucked', 'Lunch' & 'Beetle Bop'.
I look forward to your tweets!
Beautiful natonal anthem by Mary J. Blige!
Oh yeah baby! ~ join us as well! we would love to have you as one of our models! muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuah! xoxo
2 nite I will be on WKCR Radio 89.9 FM -The Musician Show w/Jacob Sunshine 6pm - 9pm playing new music and my influences. Check it!!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the wonderful mom's out there!
At CHAP hearing. Shelley House in Hampden up for designation. Review of plans for Senator Theatre.
On pace for 11 HR, but he's the last person I'm worried about. RT : what home run pace is Joey Votto on?
Archaeology Merit Badges at #MOSI tomorrow.
oh they will ball this year!
Hi Mark, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
Jes!! RT By now everyone has heard about the Tupac hologram... What's next? Hector Lavoe, Tito Puente & Celia Cruz!
Thanks for the buzz!
Glad you like it! :)
Thanks for liking us! Please share with us why you use Marco!
At the recruiters office with my babe I'm be so sad when he leaves July 3 :((
Happening now at the Ford Hall Forum Callie Crossley in conversation with Barney Frank.
Studies show that #niacin helps prevent #dementia, #anxiety and #arthritis, and lowers
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.5x11 inch paper cannot be understood.
Lol. Just never been, brother! Looking to take a good relaxing vacation.
Omw to Miami beach!!! Love it!
wish u cud be here now cuz Tasha's here!
Congress proclaimed a Nat'l Teacher Day in 1953 after a Wisconsin teacher wrote E. Roosevelt w/the idea. How are you observing it today?
Just because you're singing doesn't make it a song.
That's fucked up..
God got you homie :) str8 up...
thank u so much for coming!! See u soon hopefully :)
Being so close to Memphis and not being able to go is the worst. But, incredibly thankful that is coming to lunch tomorrow.
This bitch dun irritated me down to my mufuccin soul and I'm bout to punch.
Waiting for chipotle to open<<<<<<
lmao. I hate that teacher. she's a bitch
But I bet disassociating the degree from the labor market would be something a lot of depts would like to do.
He's on a roll today. Said the Reds will soon be home for 3 days-- long enough to do laundry-- but knowing them, they won't.
The seat of knowledge is in the head; of wisdom, in the heart. We are sure to judge wrong if we do not feel right. – William Hazlitt
Thank you Ada!
Let's do it! just sent u an email to a google doc so we can chat and plan :)
The investment world is worrying too much about foreclosures. It is all political hype, spawned by Cuomo
I'm gonna be single for Valentine's Day once again.... wow. I seriously need a boyfriend.
I miss eating breakfast in San Antonio.
I know! Seeing stuff about them trending everyday, when they're not that amazing. Lady A is like a million times better!!!
CAMS!!! SLAP THAT ASK!!! Breakout coming
girl yes :D
question is does this make Philly or Ny stronger????
...how can U.S. not have the best junk food when we're the fatest country ever
What you have in your heart, not your bank account, matters to God and endures for eternity...
one of his kids committed a crime
just wanted to say that you and louis are so adorable<3
On critical geography, counter-mapping, and an Israeli-Palestinian town (Miska) that once was. Today, 12pm, w/ Einatt Manoff.
I thought if I didn't watch my pot it would boil. Turns out you have to plug it in, too.
Damn #RIPJuniorSeau why END your own LIFE?
Just like that... I got cast as a lead in a short film! Funny enough, I was auditioning for a different film when I caught their eye.
I cook with wine. Sometimes I even add it to the food. ~ W.C. Fields
EPROM art attack at repack
Sumbitch when did downtown abq fill up w so many dang ne'r do wells.
Each of us has a fire in our hearts for something. It's our goal in life to find it and to keep it lit.--Mary Lou Retton
Need the Old Don, please, not liking the Howard Johnson's Model.
": Latenight walks with Sam >" :)
Totally enjoyed Alec Baldwin on Wish becomes a regular on The Last Word!
I hate it when im walking & like a lot of guys look at me. That gets me nervous.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything. Malcolm X
Thanks, bro. It'll be a Metal Knee. So that's be cool in away. METAL To My BONES! \m/
Im working as a Disney Cast Member one day...YOLO.
I noticed the city of NY hosted a special parade in honor of your birthday...
#MyThoughtsDuringSex who's winning the game?????
Lost something? Our Lost&Found is at the yellow & white Volunteer Check-In tent.
During a math exam: *finishes problem* Got: 521.5 Choices: A) 12 B) 14 C) 17 D) 25 Well I haven't used D in a while..
Listened to Vincent Harding on NPR podcast "On Being" and must say that I love his quote that "love trumps doctrine every time."
isn't *every* month a #monthofrandomoperawhoring ???
game day!!!! lets kick some devil ass.
Thanks for the props!
Just wish there had been books like these back then.
So the meet promoter just apologized for the gun. Seems that a lot of us was like....w t f, who's coughin. Oh shyt that was the gun! lol!
Watch out world, I'm in ultra bitch mode today!!!
I don't need excuses for it, I need the flopping to stop. It's bad basketball and I hate watching it.
If I am told I will see a movie at 12:35 and at 12:38 there are still... Wait nevermind.
Awesome - tell them 600block send you. Enjoy!
Wanted gold to hear national anthem: Shiva
Unbelievable but true: in theater seeing the artist, fire scene, & our film reel burns up. Thought it was part of movie. Weird coincidence!
Can't wait! RT I'm talking about being at ur club sat 2nite on 750pm Cox 107...
lol thank you!
*punch...yellow one
Love & Honor to Miami!!! 5 of 6 points from Michigan. Go RedHawks!
Finished my essay with 3 minutes to spare!!
There's going to be a Digital Preservation for Videotape workshop at the Spring meeting. Nice!
The black community always want to get together when they feel racism is involved. But steady calling each other niggas, hoes, and b!Tc/-/$
I'm sitting here reading about karma and man, I've must of screwed a lot of people over in the previous life because this life is insane.
Nonody but Kobe takes another shot
I said I was engaging. But I could prob tweet "bike helmet" and it would set off a convo. I find the responses interesting.
Hey kids, want to feel old? MJ is 49 today.
#ClingerTweet RT : Give up? What the fuck does that even mean? When it comes to you, I'm never giving up, ever.
2. 2Mex f/ DJ Handprints & DJ Ethos - "Simple As This"
ZOOMER-THINK TANK: Retirement is more a state of mind than a stage of life.
Heading out to show some properties! Let's go
OMG OMG! Tolls waived on #Verrazano Bridge (usually $13). Also fares on our NYC subways and buses. Maybe this #hurricane is going to be big!
- You'll be at 57 Degrees Food Truck event this Friday, right? Louisiana style catfish? Yum! 1735 Hancock, San Diego
Just got to think positive for tommrow dc trip.
same too you :)
Maybe I just one of the few people who don't watch singing competition shows for the judges. Give me TALENT and I'm good.
Make no mistake It's the Republicans who are 100% responsible for the debt ceiling mess using it to extort rational Democrats.
Learn how to delegate properly. If you set someone up with a task make sure it is the right person for the job.
Several comments over weekend that made me feel good: 3 people said Have you lost weight? Another, I thought you were in your late 30's.
Watching Space Jam yuhh!
is that Dupont Circle?
Just threw a cantaloupe into the blender, which was only just about the best idea I've ever had.
KISS Vinyl LP Album Lot Auction begins at 5:30 PST -- 4 Records - Asylum, Paul Stanley, Ace Frehley, Lick it Up -- Opening Bid - 9.99
Anxiously awaiting the winners of the Serious Games Showcase
Thank you for the tweet, and you are very welcome!
David West is so wet
2012 now what?
Only have one final to study for!
I would love to dispatch with the time between turning off the shower and being back in my clothes. Those 3 minutes are SO BORING.
Damn, Haruki signed a 3yr deal with the Panthers. Thats the only Free Agent loss that has me a little pissed...
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy and Jackie in Mew York ?! LOVE YOU<3
Hope to be able to meet when he comes down to VEGAS FOR THE BILLBOARD AWARDS:)
A big, loud and rowdy HAPPY BIRTHDAY to !!! *Dog Barks & Fist Pumps* It's going to be a good one!
OHH MYY! 5 HOUR ENERGIES CAN NOT BE GOOD FOR YOU!! AGHH!! P.S. i GOT FLOWERS TODAY AND THEYRE PRETTY! I LOVE EVERYONE! WERE ALL BEST FRI ...
POSC running fast!
You can follow us!! We're from Nashville AND we let you know about some of the best deals.
Leap Day William!
"vagina fish" a new term has been added to my lexicon
yup. Got both
our nose bleeds would be 400 level the 300 level is pretty much like our club level view
Soon all will be home for Christmas :)
:( I was fighting tears over here!
One of the bests.
Ding, Ding. Round 2!!
yes, those chirps are decidely weaker than before we got back
Cubicles are seriously the most depressing thing on earth.
Never get attached to someone. Because attachments lead to expectations and expectations lead to disappointments
Just saying hi.:)
I liked it, but I won't spoil it for you....Have you read the book(s)?
Defiantly still listening to the great, only-72-hours-old PJ Harvey album, despite the new Radiohead album surprise dropping this morning.
Rockets have thrown in the towel.
that really awesome moment when a member from one of your favorite bands casually says "maybe I'll catch one of your shows" on ur band pic
lol ok nd imma talk to my parents abpou it ill tell my mom
HEALTH NEWS FLASH - NEW REFORM HEALTHCARE PLAN @ YOUTUBE SEARCH FOR HEALTHINSURANCE411 (STOP BREATHING RX) TELL EVERYONE YOU KNOW!
"You always want the one that you can't have. 'Cause love isn't always fair." -Black Veil Brides , Love Isn't Always Fair-
WIll do. I made some on the way down as well.
Thank go tomorrow is friday -.-
Happy Sunday BUZrds! Time to get your BUZ on... Play our #ProjectX game card to celebrate the new flick
Education is the most important issue that we face. Without it, we will perish. With it, we will flourish.
how so?
Wendy - I loved your article on being grateful! We all need a reminder to think about what we're grateful for daily.
Congrats! RT : MORE magazine is finalist for a National Magazine Award, General Excellence. Thanks to our readers!
YUM! This tweet single-handedly just got me to write myself a "Try brunch at Burlap" note!
Thanks HD -- good to know we have support all around the country --> RT : I feel for you guys. I understand your cause.
Been in PA for 2 weeks now!! OH I WISH I WERE IN LOUISIANA!!! THAT WOULD MAKE ME OH SO HAPPY!! (*oscar meyer weiner song) #HOMESICK :(
Happens to me all the time, but then i reply with : "Go call yo' mama if ya have nothin to do
Thank god this week is over.
We dissect nature along lines laid down by our native language. Language is not simply a reporting device for experience but a d
hahah, I could have an affair? Duh!
I've been debating the same thing since my U annouced no travel funding this year. Wish I could go. Bet it will be worth it.
Sex is emotion in motion.
Women are emotional. Be prepared and understanding. Her emotions surprise even her mother.
I bet you can't wait for when those bad boys are Nike
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! I'm off to Boston to see family! #yay!
Just turned on the Spurs Lakers game. Clinic being put on by the Spurs for sure.
A best friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself.
April is Autism Awareness month. To quote the great #Temple Grandin "Different NOT Less."
At #GreatClips. Thanks for the heads up, !
well the heat ha two of the top 3 players in the NBA they have to get cheap calls. That's how Dwade won a ship
i wonder how agent zero will do with the grizzlies?
Do you want to experience all year round comfort in all types of weather? Contact us for more information
Did you tweet Karaoke? Well you're in luck we have it every Wednesday Night!!
This damn fly has been getting on my last nerve all day. It's about to go down!
Not really were soaked
trying my hardest not to burst out lauging while listening to 'call me maybe'
Pete, the song is the least of our problems.
Wishing everyone a wonderful 4th of July weekend! Relax and enjoy!
Ahh, this silly things I say, and forget that I said, when giving a talk. Can we call it "folksy"?
Ha, thanks! Those were steer alright. Long-horns & everything.
had to bow out of MM party this year. How was it?
Texting everything you feel, & deleting it & just typing okay... I feel like I can't say anything to u with out sounding desperate.
NEW SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT: GIRL IN A COMA, PINATA PROTEST & SARA RADLE!!! May 10th @ Tricky Falls!!! Looking for an opener!!!
congrats to Coach Pop for winning Coach of the Year!!!!
No, ladies, Scaramouche will NOT do the Fandango.
Learning so many great fashion trends
Had a blast at The Armando Show tonite. served it up!
i'm under attack from three wonderful pups :)
Fuckin Lakers better beat OKC tonight word to Anne Frank
thanks for the inclusion!
Let me know when you are coming, we have an extra room!
Glenwood is THE place to be apparently! Are you looking for a 2 family?
The library website you helped redesign? You and your team did a beautiful job.
I can think of one ;-)
Yes! RT : r u doing it in Chicago?
that sucks. poor puppy
it was a pleasure to cook for you tonight. Thanks for stopping by.
the networks generally suck
How far into the story are you?
can u please give me a shoutout I need more followers
love you Will delete account soon
Calvin Johnson.....#27 NFL top 100......Detroit All day, everyday
so true and beautifully said! Will be retweeting you shortly. Have a marvelous rest of the day!
Also, hope you're feeling better. I assume Nolan is the resident nurse and is doing his job well.
It feels like I have no reason to be here now. *Cries*
i feel bad :( do you listen to music? apparently that helps you to sleep at night "Apparently" so my mom says. :p
My life, my choices, my mistakes, my lessons, not your business.
I'M THE BEGINNING OF THE ENDING IN THIS RAP SHIT!!!
S/O to my bestfriend <----FOLLOW HIM NOW!
Assume baby wipes are clean? U may be wrong. Razor blades, cockroaches found in wipes, says
Exactly. Melo is playing harder than ever even on D. He passes the rock, he is a team player. Freaking haters.
"Happiness isn't good enough for me, I demand euphoria!"
whole foods has awesome seafood
i can txt u a picture? :)
Mybad my twitter was hacked??
Fuckin cat sits by my back door leading to the hallway meowing like an asshole. Which one of you told her about the Utopia behind that door?
What you Need to Learn on How to Become a Web Designer ...
yes i know im weird. I'm making pancakes at 10:30 at night.
lol go for it bro. I'm going for the girl I want to.. Just I shouldn't have waited so long.
Just. Put. It. In. The. Net.
Thanks Jose!
FEED your zombie hunger: An interview with Mira Grant: Upcoming in 2012, I have the San Diego International Comic Convention, Worldco...
I'm using a small Behringer PM2000 system with 12" speakers and one floor monitor; inexpensive, sounds good for guitar/mic.
Always remind your girl you care. Remind her you're lucky to have her.
glad you are feeling them! I am working on a painting in the same vein and it is going nowhere...
hope shes okay
yep, that sums it up; Pagan had 3rd base stolen standing up thanks 2 HUGE jump...only 2 have Arias pop it up in the IF, double play onto 9th
"YOUR LIKE INSURANCE TO OUR COMPANY," says my boss and not having heard a compliment put that way before, I fancied it. Its way better than…
Just like that System of a Down song, I'm eating seeds as a pass-time activity...
Job Interview In A Few ;-)
Once again, we have to choose between seeing the Boyz and Vinny. Being an ICONiac and a Grander is getting hard.
Freakin' Justin Bieber had to ruin me watching the Mayweather vs Cotto fight!
I'm so in:D
I can't really see it :P
The country's first lady is #Machelle Obama
cool pic!!! i've been there twice!! it is AWESOME :)
I'd seen something earlier. Then lost track. Will share if I find anything.
Congrats!!! : we won we won. best film!!!!! best short film!!!! we beat out five oscar nominated films!
still bitter that they fit you..not me. After all that work.
It's a liquor and poker night ;) those of you with minds in the gutter might think that's funny. for shame
can we do #AskAlex ??
A new book mark! I mean...bag tag
Welcome Back to New York Justin! Do work this year. God Bless!
send me a pic to my phone
I'm scared to check my Facebook....
yea i saw lol :p
I havent even done my homework! like can someone help me! homework quest: "write a paragraph about why is it impossible to get rid of HIV?"
Really enjoyed getting to hear at #4c12 this year.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. ~
Anyone have an extra Mirror Mirror screening ticket tonight at Mira Mesa?
Big Slim @ Work
Academy Awards viewing party set for 2/26 at Kickbacks in Riverside!
I'm sorry. It's sad, and I hope they're doing something about now.
Notice, Mitt absolutely refuses to visit his zillion Mormon relations in Mexico. One man ... one woman ... my ass.
Good morning y'all...may all your coffee's be Double Double!!!
Affordable Houseboat in Seattle - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
When asked what I look like, "kinda like a beaver....but a...pretty...beaver..." thanks?
get bent on a 1/2 game never happening at the end of/or mattering in confrence play.
Our kitchen is prepped & ready to cook for your week! Didn't place an order? Just stop by & pick- up!
Email me for today's free trial AND you are eligible for the 100$ contest. Guess the correct score of the Celtics/Pacers game!!
So ur mad at me now???? Smh u don't even talk to me
I am so tired but these games are so intense!!!!
hmm...mystery donation on kickstarter by someone named "Farty McGee"
"Addicted to Mel" sounds weird. RT : call me Molly one more time . . . .
Thanks for all the great conversations! Now, onto the FUN part! Gala at Low Library! See you there!
[Outage notice] We are experiencing issues with one of our Wordpress servers. We apologize for the inconvenience. We are working to fix.
Georgia had a 5% rate increase in workers comp rates effective 3/1/11
Filming "Firewater" next Sunday, Monday or Tuesday. I get shot on page 2. LOL. Hey, I'm still going to have fun.
At Target, purchasing lots of Theraflu and ALL travel-size toiletries WHY CAN'T I TAG YOU, COURTNEY?
i couldn't tweet yesterday i was too busy spending my 9th month anniversary with my amazing boyfriend <3
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing." -George Bernard Shaw
My brother picking with Lauren while she sleep
Although we need you here in #Florida, we'll watch you no matter where you go!
well that's a bit tougher, I still think I'd like episodics, sometimes the BEST roles on TV are Co-Star or Guest Star...
Yesterday was my one year anniversary of blogging about #SportingKC . It's been extremely "entertaining" and I'm looking forward to more yrs
oh ok lol I was gonna say u keeping secrets now
What can I say.. What can I say.. When all you do.. Is push me away..
Thanks for the gift card! I am excited! See you this evening!
"Harry Potter" author JK Rowling writing adult novel - Reuters
Welcome to , who's sitting in front of the section, and 's own on press row!
Happy Valentine's Day!! Excited to spend it with my honey tonight!
NYC! wanna go?!
grr crying cause i really loved him since 7th grade n he doesnt love me fml was hopen 2 see him friday but w.e. hope hes happy with her
thanks for following
Harangued by stranger w/ the voice of a Roger Rabbit weasel about news of the day while walking to my car. Weirder the day the better.
Eating disorders aren't picky..they effect everybody. Men, Women,Black, White, Gay, Young and Old. Stand up for us all and fight!
Rolling Sushi Van is here now at 800 Santa Maria Apt Homes in Irvine!
Love is the way back into Eden. It is the way back to life.
prettysure you have been fallowing me for a while.
Ever wonder what ass taste like? Try drinkn a fruit punch powerade rite after u brush teeth while smokn a cancer stick. I wouldnt know but..
The Hawks are giving the Heat some issues tonight. C'mon Heat!
isn't texting talking points during the meeting a violation of public comment rules. Can all of us get a voice this way?
haha Kind of cool, right? fun to see it in action
No Wonder I love the music!
STARVIN LIKE FAT MARVIN!
yes, for your information, I am VERY sleepy. So please shut up before I kill you!;)
Thank you, JS, for the most depressing headlines.
Drums: An analog device that, when struck, creates a resounding "boom". Works best when combined with other rudimentary instrumentation.
haha well prob not as much as someone in MN!! But cold windy rain is enough for me, sir!!!! #thatsnotwhyilivehere haha ;-)
Wow! What a catch!
girll i have some everyday lol but naww not yet mi plug aint up yet!
THANK GOD! ": BREAKING: #Everton have signed Argentine striker Denis Stracqualursi on season-long loan. #efc"
I'll be patient...
follow this guy, he makes fun of Oh and mention us in a tweet and we will send you a free song tomorrow!!
I didn't know Cary Grant was a donor to ! Any pieces I should keep an eye out for? (& thx for the tip!)
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
If the county puts "optional" under "attendance required" do they really mean it?
Create your message. Keep the message simple and brief.
Not a fan of Sandra Bullock's dress - I smell a "Worst Dressed Nominee"
do re mi fa so la dil do.
Finished the fourth song. It's beautiful. One more song to write for the Ep. It's slowly coming along!
And you are one of our favorite visitors! Give us a heads-up before you come in next time...we'd love to say hi.
needs to have more solos! I wanna hear his beautiful voice more!
ok I'll try.
Just got back in town literally 10 minutes ago now heading to Spring Show!!
Couldn't have put it any better way!
Question: what about coupons on GPS systems? Are they gaining traction?
be safe have a great summer nice meetin ya ;)
LeAnn Rimes Shows Off Bikini Body on Love Boat With Eddie Cibrian (PHOTOS) Lovebirds LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian are certainly turning
haters gonna hate.
your welcome!!(:
Ron Paul stood by Israel? He's the only man on the stage worth the vote.
Mr market should hold the line with FB coming this week. Too much at stake for the underwriters.
They got em in G-burg. Head up thur
ok. Fine then. Then why even mention Breitbart? It is irrelevant o this person.
my fantasy football friend JH, only positive is that all the Flacco Bashers would finally have to shut up lol
Thanks for RTing my question! Got a lot of responses. Looks like people really love Perch! I just might have to give it a go.
agreed. they should stick w/ drinking that weak mess out of a bottle.
So Excited! I have 9 days till I'm in Los Angeles! LIFE IS AWESOME!! <U+2665>
TV *brand new series of how I met your mother, starts now* - I watched the series ending yesterday online. We are SO far behind in the UK.
I think what I'm most excited for this summer is sleep.
After Testimony: The Ethics & Aesthetics of Holocaust Narrative edited by Susan Rubin Suleiman G'78 et al now out from OSU Press.
We had #CleanAThonWkd a couple weeks ago and went through a variety of music -
Cursn this nigga out and my goofy ass fell down the stairs fuck my knee hurt
Last day of class on campus for the spring semester!
FUCK #LILWAYNE!! HE CAN KISS THE FATTEST PART OF MY ASS FOR SAYING THAT SHIT ABOUT THE #SAINTS ole predator cockroach lookin ass!
have you considered getting a waterproof case for an ipod touch? :)
Y'all see Lil Wayne at the fight bout high as a bitch!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
who knows. Betting on tonight's NBA games is like playing Tetris blindfolded.
pineapples dont have sleeves..NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
you know you'll be sore tomorrow when you just left the gym & it already hurts to open the sock drawer.
whats your high score in Temple Run?
We're doing a show on domestic terrorism. Tweet us the ?s you want us to answer. Spoiler Alert: We can't define "terrorism."
The bus driver got the heat on "bake a cake"
Expectation ruins lives.
Hahaa can't wait to go on this trip, were the damn primantis?
On vacation and still bout to hit the gym! Treadmill and the weights are my date tonight. DEDICATION!!
I just found out that the night I was conceived was the one and only night my mother's ever gotten drunk. It all makes sense now.
Text pdx to 72727 to get coupons and special offers from #PDX restaurants.
Team fortress 2 is free on steam...go get it, it's better than getting a job
Its probably not cheesy enough
VNCO peaceful rally was a huge success over the weekend but we must keep on helping Vietnam fight for their lands against Red China
you helping clean and paint?? Lol & I'm going to Brad!
#PeopleNeedToStop eatin ass without jelly or syrup
Goddamn, I might white Nike her.
Let me try that again. tells it like it is.
Right, they -match up- better... not saying they -are- better.
This life can make you so confused,but it's alright!
Um, also love that you met your husband on the subway! Too sweet :)
um, I think the answer to everyone's question on who am I is really, nobody.
You are in the most interesting of places always. Enjoy!
Texas Rangers always have a beasty player that leaves after he beasts out.. A Rod, Soriano, Teixera, now Hamilton. Sucks for them haha
I have an original of that issue, along with a 1958 Jet cover.
Already?!? Looking forward to it! RT : BLOG: Concerts in the Park starts NEXT FRIDAY!
yes I heard about clark from his tweet. And wow only one more to make? How many got cut all together? Where's a list? Post link
Fact: Indiana stopped the negotiations to continue UK/IU series.
remember to include "wicked world"
that's a bit obtuse. They need to win 4 straight to get any credit from u? Id be impressed if they got it 2 6
better eat some carbs, cause shes flat out MEAN. No good being thin if ur such a b no one wants to be around u.
Slight chance of storms here in south central Illinois for this Sunday.
you never told me who started being fake down there
Love starting the day with FCA, even if it means getting up a little earlier
do u no a way i could reach logan?
RT : Check out the newest episode (#36) of NWA Wrestling Showcase and watch how haggard the GEA crew is (around the 29......
As much as I pay for daycare I should get an early pick up voucher whenever I pick my daughter up early
I spent this morning talking Talking Heads with Jonathan Lethem for an upcoming podcast. (Engineer: )
thanks! i used to live in bethnal green, now i'm based in nyc. but will be back to show the series this summer.
where are ya off to girl?
lol I imagined big wool sweater. My bad
what are we going to do until new downton series, you guys?!
pshh damn i remember the girl i use to like in 2nd grade ;'o
Takeaway 2: Most of these great Library ideas can be used for Archive repositories as well! Bring the folks in and let them learn!
Here now.. Where you at ballson RT : new study spot: the grove pool
Is Norris worth holding on to in 12-team mixed, or is he streamable?
#herworld wants to thank teachers, parents and chaparones that were here today. U were great and we couldn't have done it alone
It's not just doing a good job, but doing a good job against the right activities that will impact business performance.
#moviesstarringbinladen They Shoot Terrorists, Don't They?
love twitter
Congrats on your marriage!
Kompany out, Zabaleta out, Lescott and Micah Richards both facing late fitness tests to play Swansea - Stage set for an upset!
I like cereal c:
wanna go shopppingg
please don't I don't want a corpse bride
I love it! Dont turn out the lights! Im going to be singing it all day. Lol
Morning TweetiePies! Just finished my Café Bustelo: THE magic brew! Instantly I go from a blood seeking zombie to a somewhat normal human!
THANKS FOR ALL THE LOVE AND SUPPORT
this week will rock
I'm in, section 218 stachetastic under the banners
well thanks but it didn't last I have a better one now and follow doyle_ash people there amazing
If only homework was fun...
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriedIWould feel like I was committing a felony. Once a famous 16 year-old, always a famous 16 year-old.
Good Morning <3
Lol! RT : Josh Thomson's walkout shirt is priceless! "Hope isn't hiring" and "Vote Nope 2012" I LOL'd.
I hate that feeling that the monsters are going to grab that one foot that's hanging out of the covers.
We'd like to wish everyone safe travels as you make your way to your family and friends. Nothing like the holidays!
#oomf is about to go fight somebody........oh boy <U+E40F>
It's time to quit now Rick. -
Get out your brooms #orioles fans!
awesome, we will definitely be in touch! Thanks for your interest
- in the middle of the MayDay march - great work.
What is one thing you like to do if and when there is a rain delay?
don't forget the love!!
If #NU loses this, I can't help but notice there's an n-i-t in Minnesota.
Gotta make those free throws..smh
Find books to challenge your child this summer on www.lexile.com/findabook/, then find it in our library through WorldCat.org.
you got $100k for a redesign?
I'm sorry didn't mean 4 that to sound like a command. (pls) < insert this in my last tweet. My TL still F'd thx anyways
it was the hunger games...the movie differed so much from the book!
pure idiocy by me
Yeah John, because Timbers fans and Blazers fans are mutually exclusive.
Today marks the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks, the most deadly acts of terrorism in American history.
Whatever it is your feeling is a perfect reflexion of what is in the process of becoming!
Habitat meeting Feb 9th at 5:00p.m. RM 304 Administration Building. Also a build day Saturday, Feb 12th so please come sign up!
BIG game coming up this Saturday for the Cougs - We can't make it to a bowl game, but we can still give the Huskies another loss! #Gocougs!
Super Disco Breakin
It's been a long time..... How about some foreplay .....
Lol, dude is crazy . Just lie for no reason at all
Our sizzling Fajitas are still the favorite among our patrons.
people scare me sometimes
No problem! Can't wait to see it, that's awesome. :)
Come down and see us we are having a great time!!
Tonight! Danger Snack and Dr. God together again! 1030pm main stage
thats why they call it beauty sleep lol
Got a new belt for my buckle. Ready for the Lady Antebellum concert tonight!
First and second house= flop
Love watching the Yankee kids today !!
so i wake up this morning to my mom singing lmfaoo !!! she loves him maybe she should make a twitter account
#keepItUpAustin! MAHOMIES! TREND THIS!!<33 TWEET IT TO ME 3 TIMES AND I'LL GIVE YOU A SHOUT OUT! <33
Absofuckinlutely. Very lucky we're not down a man.
wow pearltrees is amazing. and I have been sketching out ideas like this, love it! I love new literaries for texts
Bill Garr of presenting on "Pegasus" - a different way to think about ePortfolios
Happy birthday my baby!!!! can't wait to reunite Besty boo!!!!!
On route to San Quentin for the first time, visiting clients on death row.
so 2 ppl followed me on twitter and they dont exist? thats just creepy
Grind with me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Truth! He clearly didn't think this through. RT The longest anything is a terrible idea
I hate the word "pet" and I have it my product name! They are so much more then that.
Ready for the weekend.....
thank you!
We worked with Cathy Nelson on some TAH grants. She's retired from Cols City Schools.
if you didn't see the story the first time...tune in to Channel 13 in Central Iowa now to see it in a few min!!
So bring on the sunshine, to hell with the red wine Pour me some moon shine
A lot has been done to prepare for the celebration of 100 years. People in the continent, as well as people in the world are excited to...
omg!!!! You replied I'm actually crying with happiness! :') <3 you are amazing!!! Subway is brilliant! <3
Apple Education Announcement: iBooks store has a brand new textbook category. Waiting to hear about content authoring tools.
And yo' bitch think i'm bad, too! :D
no idea no clue who cares suck my dick
Of course. Later this week work for you?
omg they r just bringing n all the bake goods! now muffins!! im bout to pound on these!
When you threw in the towel, God gave it back to you and said not so!
Why can't I get home already!!! I want to see the MTT preview.
Hello! I'm on Twitter a fair amount, but lurking. This having-a-real-job thing is cramping my style.
I think I just hate everyone.
What a cool day here in ABQ. I'm just working hard as ever for Friday again I don't like Mondays.
Good idea by With a little work, something that could easily go viral.
btw this is my other twitter account lol
This conversation going on next to me is unreal.
you at work or can I call you?
An ex said it & I said "Jus Walk out!" Bt he js wntd 2 talk abt me nt cookin : The four words i hate the most, " WE NEED TO TALK"
Cool. Good luck!
Read the IM teaser on the new Pizzology location. Where? (Please say Geist.)
thinkin bout her conversation with Rissa and now my minds in the gutter... Thanks chicky :)
I'm with you on that vote!
Such horrible news: Adrienne Rich has died. I'm so glad I got to see her read/speak my freshman year. She was one of my feminist icons.
Awesome! Thanks for the tip Trish. Checking it all out now
I was looking at my closet earlier, and I realized that I don't use half the stuff in there. I need to clean it out!
The other day I thought I fell in love. Turns out my heart was just racing when I saw the beauty of gorgeous art
thanks. the honeymoon was great. it was just good to get away from everything for a week and relax!
do you know how beautiful you are?
Good to hear! RT : had a good time at :3
I can't wait to spread them cougars legs ;) yeah talking about a car XD
Injuries don't get attributed to factors outside injuring incident as much a they should. Otherwise Jazz & Blazers trainers would be fired.
I thought of you when we saw it!
Welcome to Beantown! If Google needs a no fee apartment, let us know. (Yes, no fee is free!).
Good morning. Sunny day here in Kipling. Sun just rising after a rainy night.
Well whatever Pitino is doing obviously isn't working. Haha #BBN is back on top
Do you know where I can store a pea? Yes, I have some locations available.
. I wish I had $15,999 laying around too!
“: The Citizens Band at #SXSW tonight and tomorrow. Twisted Circus! We lost the elephants.”Break a leg on your shows Ian!
cool, I'm going to Milwaukee for the st patty parade
I'd like to move to Tallahassee, :p
who teaches that lecture now?
lol shut up you know what I meant
Once again someone like you is amazed that things happen as they do. I'd be surprised if things like this weren't so common.
Oh Zynga, how you just eat up everything and everyone...
I'll be on talking about special pay for SD County employees.
Seriously the speedo run always makes my life. :)
wow, that's just....what?
February 20 (Day 20) Breakfast Luna Bar S’mores,Poland Spring Water
Lets get this over with.
could take all 6 minutes before submitting 1st pick, correct? Not that it matters.
#VerizonWireless thank you for the quick service and turnaround.
o_O bahahaha! I might do it just to see you do it lolol
Awesome! Come see us!!! :)
#dudeswhodontdance haven't yet lived.
Personal Trainers in #Miami? Contact me.
i love ppl like that too :) makes me cry too especially him cause his mom dont care about him :( i feel like beating up that lady
very useful!!
Thanks so much for the feature story, :)
18,616 is 2day's attendance, the largest crowd ever 18,616 is also how many penalty minutes Zac Rinaldo has this season.
I highroad this was the "quickbus". At this rate I might get to work by Tuesday.
Freedom is not given, it is taken. Subhsh Chandra Bose
EXACTLY!!! MY MOM ALWAYS DOES THAT TO ME!!!
Oh, I see what she did there now. must be embarassed.
Sounds so fresh & nutritious! Love it. Really, "queasy color combo"? I like colors everywhere, including on my plate.:-)
Cleaning products that overpower grease and germs with chlorine or ammonia do the job, but they can make you feel sick in the process.
Lol, so true!
that means u do 2!!!! Lol =P
The government doesn't create jobs. My clients do!
Follow !!! I created it today for all you people!
Chem test wasn't do bad.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BRUNITO!!!!
How about Frontera Grill or XOCO? NExt time I pass through Chi-town that's where I want to go!
Don't panic, just drink?
Duval stand up..1st Black Mayor: Alvin Brown...pray this recount is not a repeat of past Jacksonville behavior
Who is ready for a freaking party at Awake tomorrow!? Its going to be so much fun!
Yep. Its a Starbucks day.
If LeBron doesnt win a title this year he never will. Easiest path to a title ever.
Time for Joshua Ledet to go home. Jessica/Phillip finale.
don't hit yourself lol
GOTTA GO FEED MY DOG.
I'd be interested in finding out how many public institutions use NSSE surveys as primary measure of student engagement?
Looking for a product that will allow me to hear and see New York Times Best Seller books. Any ideas?
Getting ready to run The Peachtree Road Race 10K. Awesome
I WILL NOT LEAVE CAMPUS UNTIL THESE PAPERS ARE DONE!!
Sleeping on the floor was not the most comfortable but I needed to sleep.
Great sign for Pacers ... street corners again filled by those who "Need Tickets" or so their signs say.
RT #ISTE #STEM Pz help #SiouxCentral students w/ beneficial career advice use of SM & volunteerism Tag
U shouldnt feel bad about who you are because "I aM Me who are you?"
1 part Christmas movie 2 parts Scandinavian horror film - Rare Exports: A Christmas Tale is UNbelievable!
BEEN HOLDiN DiS NiGGA DOWN SiNCE DAY ONE ((iLOVE MY BD)) )#Free Que
try our organic sunless spray tan! a flawless,natural glow for spring!
Just now leaving Cape Coral field, wont be home till a while. So text me.
Thanks! Retouched images from the shoot just made it to my computer.
you can tell grammer isn't my top talent :-P good catch, thanks Brian. What are you up to these days?
I <3 what you do.
ryan! i finally caught you tweeting without it being hours or days apart! now is the time to ask...... will you marry me?
:) But I'm not available bia iMessage currently
Exactly, how I see it at least. Really, see the gf's fam? Excited? I'll be on the east coast for the first time.
Hearts go to those in tornado areas keep safe
Bowling with ! Yay!
The #Aztecs have a small lead 14-11 as we head to a media timeout
Today is Hospitality Monday!! Also 50cent wings all day and night long..
I thought Cody was ours(;;; hehe
It was someone deep within the CIFF.. I have an actual non-Starbucks life, i swear!
Today was a great day. Don't want it to end
"rock that body" - black eyed peas. my rock n roll friends are gonna kill me for this.. but damn what a
So sad to hear about #DonCornelius and #LeslieCarter. :(
I want Brown not white
Thanks! Why?
#thatawkwardmomentwhen ur car reeks alcohol the morning after and ur parents take a ride in it...
Going to take a nap
i should get that soon
I love cherry jolly ranchers!
haha. don't forget about that perm you had
Bring the family for our 4th Annual Great Person's Ball at Imani Temple's Church Community Room-Oct. 30th, 3-5pm, Children-$5, Adults-$7
one month til what
Im so bad under stress<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Easy. It's called good taste. ;)
Loosing you or losing you? RT : Thank goodness for the ending of #gg. Almost thought the series was loosing me.
Happy Sunday, Everyone!
Today 9 PM, TNT premieres Innocent, 1st of its made-for-television movie adaptations of bestselling crime novels!
Post-work Thai coffee at #ElizabethStreet. #Austin's prepping for #SXSW!
Stared writing a really nice blog post when the internet shut down and all my work was lost so excuse me while I shoot myself.
Miss the way you love me too much..
I knowww): but I really like talking when we do! You'll always be my twitter best friend. You were the first(: haha
#PortraitsofPurpose gives us an understanding of the many people of Boston who have acted their conscience & made a difference
Too long to tweet an adequate response, but, yes. However, add to that many, many caveats to the point it's barely a yes.
I was watching this movie in social studies SEM and they should a naked guys butt xD I sound so immature but it was so funny
Preparing for our 2012 Jefferson-Jackson Dinner at the GA World Congress Center in
What is your view on the designated hitter?
your welcome(:
Smith-Rowsey: typical framing: twitter and social media as key tech in Iranian Green Revolution
Xavier Avery is so fast!
Feeling a little better. By a smidgen.
Come grab a drink from Fr. George tonight!!!
she is cute! I love her personality. She makes a great spokesperson!
the funny thing is I think they believe their own lies. Delusional ppl.
i will gurl!! I gotta get you kids back in my life!!
RT : Save $2 each by getting Open House tickets in advance at Old National Bank. See you Fri or Sat
melatonin dreams are the best.
yeah i just finished NAB as well... I need something for my commute in the morning still, im game
God bless fridays :) <U+266C>
I HAVE A VOICE! Speaking today on publisher video at Springboard's panel. 10:45, salon 13.
It has been said that the love of money is the root of all evil. The want of money is so quite as truly. Butler, Samuel
I'm gonna be running out the door again by then. I may do one earlier. Let's try tomorrow???
16 and u .... Hey text me on facebook
just went in on #Irving #plaza. Crazy way to packed
Screaming M.O.E, even on my birthday
Uggs and panties
Not sure if its Orwellian or simply a way to cut down on ad noise while interacting more personally with your own electronic village
Wow! The Old Globe won the 2 top prizes at the 2011 Craig Noel Awards 2night! Best Musical (Emma) & Best Play (Osage: August County)!
Great night tonight...thanks for stopping! Z
Have a favorite course? GREAT values at Ironwood and Kettle Hills. 4pm twilight.
So proud of my #daughter. She sang the national anthem to a charity event for wounded soldiers. I'm also so proud &grateful of our veterans
we love you back!
ok cool we will do both weekends. Lon just like Curt. Always saying something cause they don't tweet.
My lil cousins are over! :) its going to get crazy!.
#Ouch lol RT : S/o to me cause all my 40 million views are from the muscle! These dudes views and downloads be paid for.
Reef Commandment # 7. NEVER catch more fish that you can eat at one time. If a fish looks bloated in the belly it's pregnant, let it go.
Today's BTU inspiration: "Try to look at everything through the eyes of a child." ~Ruth Draper
Theres no snow it's just a cabin. God if your going to go to Maine you at least have to try to speak the language.
Kinda bummed #AJStream didn't mention womens rights in #Pakistan & womens roles against #extremism. Very complex topic. 40 mins not enough
The new Justin Townes Earle record is out a week from tomorrow. Pick it up, he never disappoints.
I ran outside to talk to meis and a jogger ran by me so I screamed like a little girl causing her to scream as well. I'm so stupid.
thanks for the #ff recommendation. I appreciate it.
I miss you! Did your present arrive yet???
does that make you a boy, then?
Drinking with Mark Hoegh, 52 Rose Bowl, and Brooks Bollinger. Glad we finally got to Cali!
thanks for the follow! NAd Im upset I'm just seeing your site.,...
#THATCamp Columbus (and all the others on the network) are back in action.Thanks Twitter friends for the help! Take note AntiTwitter fiends!
You know we will be because we have a great fish sandwich everyday. Thanks for the shout out.
RT : Failure doesn't define you. The fear of failing and lack of risk taking does!!
SMW Speakers from Digiday, PepsiCo Global, Digitas, and SocialFlow share secret weapons in social, including enticing community influencers
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 12
I'm sure that Dave & Lorrie are very proud parents. They've raised a beautiful, humorous, & talented young lady, Elizabeth Egan Gillies.<3
#DidYouKnow "Approx 50% of the US's unemployd age 16-21 R functional illiterate, w/ virtually no prospects of obtaining good jobs."
": US Open underway...who has the most to gain with a win?" Bubba Watson would become a household name to casual fans.
he is throwing out golf lingo at an amazing pace.
QT : #RT IF YOU GOTTA BIG DICK .most of the niggas that rt'd know damn well they are lieing.
I don't know the context of that tweet but I was there! One of my fav games
nothing I'm fine.
have you thought about taking the movie on a city to city tour?
2 more shows at Ft Worth tonight w/ and Dueling pianos after. Loser gets shot in the parking lot
#Mets and #Braves in full effect at Bounce Sporting Club. Come down and try our lunch menu. #Masters at 3:00pm.
Today the Lord answered an urgent prayer 4 a friend in gr8t need. Bro't to tears by His tender mercy to her ~ that's our great God!
Wish u said yes when everthing was No </3
Divorced the past .... Married to the present ... sleeping with the future !!!
RT : You were not born to fit in, you were born to STAND OUT!
With Terrell Suggs winning this week's defensive honors, the #Ravens have now had an AFC POW in four consecutive weeks.
South Florida's Pronto Post Still Sees Value in Direct Mail; Comments on ... - Houston Chronicle
Watching Stoke v. Wolves. Perhaps it would be a good investment to get MLS Live...
Happy B-Day to our wonderful son.
Middle relief? For the #Brewers, it's more like ... what's the opposite of relief?
I hulk out when ppl dont text me back
#SmackDown going to start off good
Are you and working at the Hoot tonight?
Albuquerque city council rolls back green building codes.
the top bball players in the COUNTRY to play under ONE roof - ONE NIGHT only!! 6pm - Game 1: West vs. East .. 8pm - Game 2: North vs. South
Computing under the dead SXSW piñata, catching up on videos of northern dudes with rad new records
RT : Mobile tends to be an afterthought when designing online campaigns seems like a mis-guided notion
Just an example cited
NODRM is live! The code is for ebooks only. Please email if it's still not working and we'll help you out.
RT : I love how Prince Fielder busts his @#$@# on every ball put in play no matter what.
i hope your leg gets better fast! praying for you right now Lance! :)
I would very much like to come visit you in NYC.
It's ok to dedicate my 666th tweet to the devil if god told me to do it right? #thankgodforsatan #apologiestothe humorless
I wish my hair would Afro
Referral request: could you recommend a Philadelphia area business insurance provider?
Yes. I have seen and tasted some. I have no idea what Pinterest is other than it results in great office food.
w/my dad to see Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yeahzaaaaa Go Caps!!!
And I, I really like it when the moon looks like a toenail. And I love it when you say my namee :)
‘Henning-Showkeir& Associates’highly interactiveworkshops are designed to stimulate thinking,teachcore concepts and practicecritical skills.
I just realized I've been coffee-less all day... this is a travesty. MUST. CONSUME. CAFFEINE.
IHop is better to me
Hey bro. That chick has a nice toilet.
Looking to get some art done for the vibe and Lisa rocks if she actually comes through for once
Thanks to for a great realtor event
Amen! RT : Wife and daughter back at home. All is well with the world.
thanks for the follow be sure to follow and let me know if I can ever be of help
omg I know !! I was freaking out when he annouced it ! & I hope he goes to germany too! You deserve it (:
always amusing when guys not on field open mouth abt players on it...
11408inc Vs. Common. Idea! Teach all the boys( K -5th) Celebrate lyrics. Call women Bs at school, home, and at church.
I missed the connection between parts 1 & 2 of the VW ad.
Rough first half for Kentucky.
Me.lol ": Ppl want to see Floyd lose because he's too arrogant"
Thanks it's da beer ": dude you should be a comic country writer ! You come up on the fly with some great stuff!"
In 200 years of Raj the British took many Hindi words to English. That is conquest. Indians took some from English. That is subservience.
it won't let me DM you back!:/
That sucks, dude. Sorry you missed your man-hugging contest.
At TPC for The Players practice rounds with the staff. Great time & great laughs!
Attempted to do yoga pose unnatural to human body, let alone out-of-shape human body, last night. Can not still feel my toes.
Sorry I haven't tweeted you in awhile. I was going through some... stuff. You may not be perfect. No one is. But you're you.
If you have a boyfriend, why the hell are you out !?
GM! Good ppl! have a wonderful and productive day !
I also won a 5K this morning. Not to toot my own horn.
Should be great stuff with the bowl game predictions because that's still relevant haha.
Okay legs are getting sore one hour and 15 mins left
hahaha that too
Glad you liked it! Had a fab time chatting with you. See you in Austin. :)
yes :) I love both of them! How old are you?
- Your warm apple cider + my achy throat = Bliss. Thanks!!!!
Emerging from this winter inner-self crucible. This will be a new start, a new city.
alright mo shall return
GPS, I'm just telling you: I will be endlessly aggravated if you are not well-versed in the one-way labrynth of downtown Miami.
Why you gotta be so fresh all the time?!?!?!?
RT :Mayra Cansigno everybody loves you and wants you to have a wonderful birthday including me!
you guys killed it and hit 1k followers! - im a man of my word. i will release a free song for y'all first thing tomorrow morning! :) RT
Does Emily Watson ever have fun?
oh ok well my friend is in there so I will say its cool!
Congrats! Archaeology and Landscape in the Mongolian Altai: An Atlas winner of A. for American Geographers Globe Book Award.
Bowbowbow, drop down to your knees
Or maybe Princeton students have a higher propensity for psychiatric disorders.
"That act of attention at the moment of the poet's creation"
So tired ! I don't know why :(
I know you do
Can't decide if I wanna look cute today or not
I know! I've walked past the place and it looks like such a hole in the wall I didn't think it could be good. Then tried it and wow
thanks for the mention...appreciate it!
2009 Phelps #Cabernet Napa. Old school Cab which needs long cellaring. Floral mint nose. Dark fruit, spice, cedar, much tannin. 89 pts
Wtf is there to do on this beautiful ass day bett ima be downtown wen i get off
i feel bad for the kid with boy band hair :(
Prepping for Irene!!! This could get interesting, stay tuned!
I have a great pic of my peanut watching the angels spin around by the light of the candles. no song he wanted to hear the bells.
but it's so annoying to watch u and your lover go back and forth
Bachelors of Art so I can pwn at "Draw Something"
Wade Davis in the rotation?
Checking out opening day of Amer. Craft Cncl. Show @ Cobb Galleria.
I think I can waste this day.
did you know that damon has a new girlfriend after rose?
Are you at the Speed? You're on the RSVP list for the event tonight!
EU orphan disease regulations tend to be more flexible than those in the US. But price pressures pose ongoing challenges
Always nice to hear from a new fan :-) I'll absolutely send you a pic!
"We are a nation of fun-loving dopes." -Sarah Vowell
Is he promoting the event tonight?
Make sure you have her getting closer with each slide.
A flame is still burning above an evacuated North Sea platform from which gas has been leaking for three days.
I am tapped in.
no school for me today <:
talk about burying the lede on that one! :-P
If I have created a style, a kind of cinema, I did not do it on purpose - Fernandel
new logo?
Bring it on Mitt Romney!! #Obama2012 ready to go!!
The will be iced up Oct. 2012! The Solor Bears are coming out of hibernation!!
thanks for the follow!!
aww no don't hate them! We should support all artists in any case! :) Just keep rooting for Megan and Liz!! :)
Extra week
I was kind of sad, I didn't get a sticker this morning! :( Maybe I just missed them.. but I still voted! :)
If people are trying to bring you down,then that means you are above them
My friends in just gave me a taste of what they've been working on. Holy F***.
If you're at the Festival of Beer tomorrow, stop by for some Pintail Pale Ale & Wreck Alley Imperial Stout.
yess, I have to use my iPod for now, until my dad feels like buying me a new one. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> lol
I am sitting on the patio enjoying bellinis, what is your favorite patio wine?
Are you ready to add that special spark to your business? Our Platinum Sponsor, Chispa Marketing, can help you!...
Stupid Kansas. I knew better than to root for you.
Thanks so much!
Succeed if you want a Rolex or a Ferrari but Living is free. Life is free
You're welcome! Glad to help.
Business Launch Call Tonight @ 7 pm Est.. Join us @ 641.715.3200 access code 670048
The weather may be good now, but how are you gonna act when the rain comes
The Silent Gold Rush is on smart money .
lol... I mean my "twitter" page dress/design..w/the new blk/white giraffes ... swanky- eh?
Thank you! I RSVP'd for the seminar on the 31st! Looking forward to meeting you. :)
People of uncommon abilities generally fall into eccentricities when their sphere of life is not adequate to their abilities.
With the tow truck drivers.
TravelTip #7: Leave the MP3 player at home - Bring an am/fm capable radio and listen to local music.
Was gonna run to meticon bikes at lunch for bicycle tune-up, but monsoon got in the way. staying at desk.
at the beach(;
yeah he actually does! i dont know what there problems are...
Oh, so you used THAT excuse, did you?
welp, I'm taking a nap
hey bella! how are you? Hope your having a great one! say hi to me and my bff
OK I UNDERSTAND BUT WHY DONT U WANT TO TALK TO US?
watch now interview with
I especially loved the 6-year-old listening in rapt attention. Were you there? Sorry not to recognize in person!
Franzen: "People I care about are...serious readers and writers..." & also conventionally attractive female novelists
It would take me about a week and I'd have bleeding fingers and be cursing.
Examples? There are silly big words but some are very precise.
Jammin to and ish "Cypher" I can listen to this song all day.
Right, agreed.
is like a little piece of Goodberry's right here in ATX.
Sure as the sky is blue, baby, I love you
My little desk top zen garden arrived this morning. How nice. It even came with a little book of sayings. I'll share some of them now.
All afterschool activities at TMS in Quinlan have been cancelled. #severe weather
#HowIRoll is on my list of phrases i hope are dead in 2012. Unless you're a snowball on a hill. Then please feel free! ;-)
Lakers ass-kicking
check area libraries' display policies; we always said it was limited space, first come, first served.
Just Woke
today i have invented an amazing new technology: invisible emails! :P
I think with a little more time she will get it
How do you do that? How do you make me smile without even trying?
-- "I WOULDA Bought the Dodgers ... If I Had the Money" - ... Now that would of been a #Hollywood ending!
Well there was just a tornado near my house.I slept right through it...thanks for caring, family.
I really just wanna go to cali so I can play with the clear boards
the best looking nerd I've ever seen. That's about as good as I can get it. hahaha
I'm looking forward to meeting you today & preparing for presentation!
txt me punk !
witch sex
More than 100 000 Norwegians have served in over 100 international operations in 40+ countries. Today we honour their service.
": Ravens fans aren't allowed to make fun of Ben for wrecking his motorcycle anymore." Yes they can.
I absolutely despise 12 step programs.
MAKE MY DREAMS AND WISHES COME TRUE ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!
Now watching #Uprising: Hip Hop & the L.A. Riots on VH1.
Just bought a new sketchbook and a crayola colored pencil jumbo pack! so-many-colors:)
Have fun, kiddos!
Like I said, it's an older rule, like no split infinitives.
hi! Are you wearing pink?!?
Can't sleep all ready up. Really sucks
I will never like Joakim Noah, but Go Bulls! A Bulls win will make a much happier Nick!
love your prices, free drink coupons & frequent flyer program. Your app is pretty great too- but why no mobile boarding pass?
hahaha what car were you in ?? And yeah that was me lol
“I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.” ~Confucius
NEW SONG NEXT WEEK!!!! :D ah
Mark yr calendars: Bee Cave - Texas Hill Country opens 5/16 with upstairs beer/wine bar and interactive Customer Comment Board
10-11-11 is going to bring something special!
. Joe needs to retire.
No shame, I like to dance like an uncoordinated white girl while driving in my car :-)
Yes. But don't count them; math is hard.
The only photos I ever post are of my dog milo :-)
LMS if your having a great day like me...
Sorry, you caught it first.
Not the same without Sean Bean's lucid tones
So M-\ doesn't work for me in Emacs on OS X. M-| works fine. There doesn't seem to be a global key binding in OS X for that, so what gives?
RT : Get the super hot ones. :-)<< you kno that's not happening lol
Everyone please go follow he will #FollowBack 3
This little hotel shower makes me feel like Buddy the Elf.
This is <U+E01A><U+E05A>! Elise and joshua should be history! I love Holly and Colton!
Nas is SO lucky for that video smh
sorry that is
Just finished War and Peace. And now I will go back in time to make #AudreyHepburn my girl. ...so hot!
Another try minus typo...Dual bday celebration... and his bro...#goodtimes (äuhaus Las Vegas)
I'm too young to be so stressed out.. I just wanna wake up and not worry about anything.
Is going to help his buddy Jack move.
I'm sending a shout out to all family & friends. I hope everyone is having a bless day.
I cried for the first time today, I have never done that in public before, please pray for me tonight or on Sunday church, Good night every1
If this message is for me, david regarding the lottery? Yes I would. Don't need 640 mil. I'll mke many people rich.
lol what the? Why? Alright, loser buys fish tacos.. I think they might win next game though..
I just realized something: it's them, always has been. Not me.
#Fact I only have two retweets from people.(:
Toll a Bell for Papa, for on this day, 50 years past, Earnest Hemingway took his own life.
heyy, im good what about you ?
I have a heart of gold.
Thank you to everyone who attended today's Honors Convocation. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
It really sucked :/
L.A. freeways: Negative branding for advertisers? (nice view from 405 northbound) post by
Touch screen on the ruggedized Dell Latitude now calibrated! Devices almost fully configured. After that, next step is database connectivity
Rain coming... Shred time.
best PG on the roster yes..has shown glimpses of "pretty good" a few times this season. Still not content w what he brings...
#MyMotherToldMe that I'm beautiful and unique <3
Thank you! I'm not sure the sleeping well is going to last when I go back to work but we'll see.
Any special St Patty day's shenanigans for tonight's show?
where are those pics at?
since I was 12
why would I even ask a question like that he is the definition of gnarly!
I know! It is just so convenient!
Working my way north today
BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !
“: And Thanks to the #roaddron for making trips to Vancouver and Portland to show support." <<< we love ya! we love ya!...
lot of good memories, but could watch the 12 Indiana clips from this last year over and over and over
Eat your women! They love it and most importantly, they derserve it. You selfish bastards, think of someone other than yourselves...
That Bean Had Mee Trippy Mane
#SometimesYouHaveTo use water as a substitute in your cereal when you run out of milk.
Can't wait for the weekend...
is the best video production company ever...Friday's release wouldn't be possible without your amazing work! -luvella
no, thank YOU! :) happy weekend! RT : #thanks for the Follow & following back!
RT : Thank you for screening #Urbanized! I adored it, as did my friend who is less of a city nut than I am :)
good morning from one fellow 903-er to another! Have a great day!
I miss my friends.
I been catching 11:11, both morning and night, for two weeks now.
The lipstick is Glamour 101 and the eyeshadow is Dragon Scales.
another amazing film: TRUE GRIT (Coen Bros. version)
don't blame me I was loud as fuck!!! ;)
Colleen that is awesome! I am not 100% in the loop on what happened with the fan & u-know-who. do u have a link to the story?
Girls Got Rhythm
We've got some "killer" plans in the works for Halloween this season with ! Tell us what/where you're going to be at!
plz follow me! =)
My wife loves homemade gifts.
yep I have some ideas. Ping me on email.
Cool. Sounds like you had a very smooth & rewarding transition. :) Thanks for your feedback!
I'll be out in early september! sparkles.
“: seriously!!! Ellona has guts and I admire her!! ” thank you ladies for your amazing support!
I would switch lives with Cynthia Rhodes in a heartbeat.
lol I'm just grinding through, were you the three-character team? No one plays more than 2, and I saw a lot of 1 teams.
That awkward moment when you forget to flush the toilet....
never not once wanted an iphone until I saw #siri. now I want one.
Finally decided to give Twitter a try.
yes, very very sharp and substantial
Hey world!
Good morning guys! Hope everyone has a wonderful day. Be safe!
Rail jam at Epic Snowboards on 23rd and Vaughn, FRI 3pm-8pm. Come out and support Epic, Killer sales on Board gear and FREE BEER and BBQ!!!!
RELEASE YOUR INNER DRAGONS GUSGUS!!!
Well, I am officially more scared than I have ever been in my life
Thanks for the follows Tweeple!
.. Would love to do that if possible
Good nights = Good Mornings
Cambridge is where you should live. Live music, great restaurants and near the T.
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world -Susan B. Anthony
WIAA umpire says it's one of the best softball games he's seen in a long time.
I'd like to thank Olive Garden and their breadsticks for this conversation
Ok! :) just because you are our BROdie. Ha
Well junior the only girl drama i like is bad girls lmao
Just had a great pitching / hitting practice session w/ my son Q ...Such a talented ball player!
My whole family is here in Utah. Wah wah.
Just wanted to say thank you! Been following uk bball for over 30 yrs & u are one of my favorites. Good luck to u!
The Largest Pharmaceutical Drug Heist in History Was Ruined By a Water Bottle [WTFriday]
come talk to me then:)
Clark Kellog sucks
I've convinced everyone else that I don't like you and that I don't love you anymore. Now all I need to do is convince myself..
Go to class!
Press conf for new coach for the Fire. World class addition.
gonna watch the cnn/tea party debate after i finish up this taylor swift album.
The brotha who is head butcher at Ralphs 3rd & La Brea needs a reality show
I had no idea old rpp's can be fined. Had old sticker for two years now. What's the point when the new one is above it?
Graeters black raspberry chip is hands down the best ice cream on the market
I can't screenshot.. ): I voted like 56329875 times.
just not into fried chicken. Much rather hit the BBQ joint around the corner. Now that place is finger lickin good.
as the winningest player in Augie history, how does it feel to win in Bismarck, ND?
I was glad Manchester United lost last night. I have no love for Manchester City, but Man U's tactics early were deplorable.
shut up Cinda lol I like it
Happy mother's day to my mom, who once sat me down at the kitchen table and explained what a "first down" meant.
Thanks. Right now I'm working on the judgement criteria for an award, it's much more complex than for a book award
Before the end of the month for sure. Look for an update this weekend on our website.
The Pacers haven't been relevant since their starting lineup was Jackson,Miller, Mullin,Dale Davis, and Rik Smith.
Horrible 3rd quarter for Magic but they are on a big run now, only down 5 with 4:45 to go! 10-nothing run!
If you find out about that excellence training can you share? :-)
is coming out w/ really cute styles! Hopefully will be able to save enough so I can get my hands on at least 2 new wigs!
Gonna play Greysons songs on piano when I get it home #greysonchance teach myself..luv it
I got OPI shatter polish
You know it.
life's too short to worry ;)
Waiting for
They should put old NASCAR races on as replays more
The people who always forgive you are the ones who love you a most
How bout dem Saints?
Seriously who's brilliant idea was it to do construction on the 405 on a sat night.. You're cut
I think i did the BEST n takn tha math final
Government issues "pointers" for gaining 1 yr visitor status for domestic partners of temporary students/workers in U.S....
I'm still flabbergasted that the #Republican party chose as their nominee a man who gained prominence by denigrating conservative doctrine.
just wanted to say amazing smile:)...and when do we get to hear more music from you?
RT : Hm....concerned.
Sometimes it could be just to save/archive/read later.
Good luck to
So glad you made it home. Thanks again for coming!!! Hope to see you again soon. Maybe SciOnline next Feb.?
Signs you are getting old: ambivalence about voluntary flight bumping. To do or not to do.
I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt
Facebook is valued at more than Bank of America (#1 Bank in the country...!!!) and nearly as much as McDonalds? Wow.
Where are you having dinner tonight? We're checking out Au Cheval tomorrow, any recommendations?
Man, y'all aint waste no time! Lol Good looking out.
On the cum up. . . Twatch and C
Volunteering today! Art In The Park here I come! :)
Thanks for the tweet! :)
You are only days away from possessing all three things, too! <U+2600>
Happy Valentine's! We <3 our customers!
that's not the ring I saw
Getting ready 2 buy my first #smartphone. Any #photojournalists care 2 offer opinion on which is best? Here, #Android on #T-Mobile cheapest.
Best Raw Food Dishes in Portland according to LiveLive. Time to try our decadent Raw Cheese Cakes, Live Fudge and Parfaits too ALL OG Vegan!
Just heard that my pal was named the Web Marketing Manager of The Rackspace Cloud. How cool!! Congrats Nick!! :)
gets me movtivated to work out. #crunchesandsquats :)
I need a manager
In 7 min. we announce the winner of the 2 Miranda Lambert tix for tonight's show in Milw. Retweet and you could be the one!
Getting one now :)
Yeah, weird...haha
do you have any tips or supportive words for someone who just got diagnosed with diabetes...I'm struggling with the news...
So... Seth Sinovic broke his hand. Means Harrington will be getting some time soon.
oh okay:(
los angeles has valets for their strip malls.
Anybody seen ? Figured he'd be all over this #SOTU business....
#cnndebate commercial count. Banking, financials, coal, and oil.... Go figure
I love it when my own mom calls me a whore
Very nice! So much to love... so hard to have a top 5 LOL.
has arrived!
Life is good! :)
I had the worst sleep ever last night
RT : Get right or get left ...
hahaha! It's JUST like chicken soup. It was really tasty.
Back in the states!
We are very proud of Dj Aye-Meezy <U+266A>
im lost but okay.
Getting my working out on Dropping ten by thanksgiving
Sunday=funday at Beach Bum!
Happy Friday facebook fans! Do you have any fun riding plans this weekend? Tell us about them!
4th qtr #Celtics doing a good job rebounding and looking inside to KG. Continue to stop the pick and roll and defend the 3 point line.
OMG is right!
Blasting in my crib like its my B Day. Happy B Day over and over again love. You motivate me!!!!
And I don't even care if it's got purple unicorns on it. I just need a freeeking calender.
#TIIP4P Kim Armstrong/Dan Campbell: Call an ELMO (Enough! Let's move on)
good to see you last night!
laying around in need of sex
Now I'm plotting what to make her watch. Fresh out of ideas tho. She likes a lot of the stuff I like.
Wish chick fil a was open on sundays.
Yes definitely wanting an exotic closet. I liked the one that was all open. Of course you have to be super...
odds on Estelle starting from day 1?
You're welcome--love that you're livetweeting these sessions.
#fridaycoffeeclub is at ME Swings, 17th and G Streets, NW usually from 0800-0900. See you next Friday. :D
there's a whole lotta #fail going on this morning with my ruby config
I couldnt agree more.
pop inn cafe do the best breakfast.
Is there a rough launch date for Frigost Episode 3?
I forgot about you last night. For the first time, in a long time, I did ...
Changing the channel... #Pens (Fleury you're not Roy; stay in you're cage)
I think #Maroon5's new #musicvideo just exacerbated #Payphone's lyrical identity crisis even more than I thought was possible.
ibm...somthin she don't already got??? Lol good luck!!!
Tht loser feeling <<<<
That's all from the SGA Awards. Congrats to all the nominees and winners!
have fun<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Tell a friend, to tell a friend, to tell a friend (not in that order) about "Therapy Thursdays" at REHAB Ultra Lounge :D
tip for library job hunters. Let me know that you invested at least 10 minutes investigating my library before you apply.
Ready for the weekend to party
My new book Audition for Your Career, Not the Job is coming out in a couple of weeks. We've been working on digital uploads--very exciting!
some attractive underdogs on this weekends college football betting card
I don't see the big deal in that hockey hit last night that everyone is talking about. That happens every play in football.
Sad that I still haven't hot my 1000th tweet. Lol. I'm not even close.
thanks for following! Looking forward to a great 2012 in JC!
aww :/ where do you work?
Continue to strive for a better future. Even if it doesn't come to you when you want it to.
do you mind to following people that didn't follow you? I think it would be fun and plus you're adorable i think <3 :)
RT “: CNBC...Phoenix and Chicago (of course). Thanks! Never would have found this game. Wouldn't have guessed CNBC.
maybe u or ur club need some in the showers to get u to scratch hdcp ? we r featured @ many fine clubs -
I hr till Sorry More than I can deal with.
wait...not a crispy bitch???? Hahaha
Oh it's true... I'm comin back so don't worry...
Love all the students in graduation gear walking around! #uwgrad # fb
thank you thank you!!! <3 you so much!
wishing a happy fathger's Day to all!
Jus gave a follow. I aready been followin him my whole life doe.
& sometimes I wonder do I ever cross your mind , because your always on mine !<3
#BBW here go #Kesha's scary ass
making some calls for sunday school
May 21 = APOCALYPSE!!
hell yeah
Drama at the skoo house
Thanx to the guy who gave me Tommy Shaws pic. I'LL love it forever!!!!
Fro sure! Iola's my favorite course, a little bit of everything there. You?
I absolutely love it! Im a monthly reccurring member! Really loved the Cammy pics...hee hee.
RT So awesome...living your dream....
thanks for the follow!
loved #zombie wish i could be one in a movie with woody!!
yea I hear ya bruh! Dr.Brewton on the scene lol!
Thanks for asking. A couple close calls but we made through with very minor damage. 12 total tornadoes, crazy day!
Why does walmart hire so many old people
goes upper deck! Welcome home
Huh so it looks like won (or err lost) the #scprimary. Great job nice debate
Haha love it - see you soon!! RT : En route for #ciartoweddingweekend I stole this tag from you bc its genius
I wish I could RT that!
dude, if you can tell me where to get good pastry in this desert, I'm there. Like Batman.
My sister throwing a fit cause she swear she seen a wasp in her room. She's trippy.
one of the best base runners i've ever seen. man, we had a million of 'em back in the day.
talent show in tampa looking for talent- all ages.. get at me
Its sad how something so meaningless as a little blanket or a bear could mean so much to you as a child and now... nothing.
Kobe lost the ball=)
Absolutely Anita! Have a marvelous day!
Congrats to in Carmel Valley and Park Station in La Mesa for earning the first MOVE Alliance endorsements!
Sanctuary! Sanctuary!
can't believe they are going to let the NASCAR drivers drive on that burnt track love #michael waldrip..always did..wow what a wreck lucky
my twitter is messing up.. sorry! i will follow back when i can though! ill give you a shout out for the inconvienence! :)
I think you are so cool for disrespecting women!! No wonder girls don't like you.
was telling him to join our group
you are welcome
welcome back. We missed u!
But this year, he turned and kiss selena gomez and didn't even mention the fans. Newsflash justin, were what created you. And we will br ...
2k has Miami falling to 5th place in standings without Bosh
I don't want to be reponsible for igniting the conflict. :)
I hate it when people with no authority try to tell me what to do...
lmao my fault
Hah! RP just threatened to kick their asses on a bike ride. Love him.
Like , the song baby . Idk but it always does .(:
Oh yeah...high 2
loves when my brother puts my phone on the railway tracks.
Where will You be this New Years Eve? To all My Twitters please be safe this New Years Eve and make 2011 the best year of your life..Peace
Had a dream that I was chillin with Melissa Etheridge... what a great way to start the day! :)
Ok last one I promise: "put aside the math and the logic of it, you gotta know you're wanted too" :)
I don't play well with others in the morning.
- GOOD question.. While I am a highly effective at relationship bldg I am always in search of new online tools
Wild Wednesday; Have a great night. It's all yours!
I do not know what is going on with the #LosAngelesLakers; I though that they would win easily, but they looked horrible much of last night.
I'm a Nazi when it comes to the correct "your" and "there" and when people say they "gauge" their ears.
Lord please help me to understand me
Lol...u r sick!
life and death lies in the power of the tongue speak victory over your life
Checking an item off my bucket list tonight. Seeing at with the wife.
Rocking the pearl snap now. Wonder if they make pearl snap chef coats.
Shocking news, there will not be a moment of silence for the murdered Israeli athletes from the Munich 1972 games in London this summer
Amandeishon hi, its me.
Happy holidays From
3 and 3.5 are just around the corner, but no word on 4, but they say very close.
I know you know these are about you!
I HATE people that act like they so big and buff when you have more boldness than them and they gay best friend
GOP wants to make it clear: the only one doing any handholding of school children is gonna be GOP congressman and school-boys..
GOOD JOB
I kinda wanna drink tonight. What say ye, ??
TY for following us ! Have a great Monday!
whoa there pause for just one sec... Did really just tweet that <U+E410>
Step through the door... into the places of depth, doing and dreams!
all of you can grow up...
good local #nwindiana people to follow , positive & not in your face
Have a good one! This kind of occasion is why we're building a prayer app for your phone! Please see www.birdofprayer.org
My underwear drawer looks alot like zachs closet...alot of plaid
What's from the earth is of the greatest worth. Happy #earthday friends!
Rob Corddry. Over here.
My moms crying at 8 flavahz Angels mom having cancer :( aw mom
“Literacy is a bridge from misery to hope.” <U+2015> Kofi Annan
same shit different day....
Who?? RT : I want to fuck her up R/S
Shout out to and for making round two of the kstv casting!!!
cus you got that one thing
I'd rather be black as shit and fine as hell instead of light skinned and basic
WTF is wrong with your school what grade are you in?
I feel the same way about a certain person right now
#SituationOfDay Nothing can be done for previous hands. Hand dealt is voided.
It's almost 3 am. Why am I still up doing work?!?! Gah! Time to go to bed.
Today in music history, The Beatles receive a gold record for Yesterday in 1965.
#NYGiants ball! It hit his knee!!!!
Haven't been on here in a minute, wtf is up Twitter
Please follow !!
I did before that..
The mango pineapple is leaking
To The Person Who Just Unfollowed Nia. lOl. GOOD Job. GO follow Me
If u feel like u made a mistake, fuck goin back n forth feeling good about it: correct it!
what you up too ?
you can also just type in your email address to sign in lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Need 18-30yr old Female Promotional Models in GA, AL and North FL. 6 month perfume campaign. Contact me for details!!
no, YOU'RE perf
The median professor doesn't even have a laptop, but we're talking about giving iPads to all the students. Backwards?
Yes is can snow in Minneapolis in April/May! Even blizzards! #AAM2012 Be warm!
Just as I'm about to fall asleep my dog comes and slobbers all over my face. Thanks buddy.
shut up.
I shouldn't have hesitated on those heels! O so jealous right now!
eeeeeeelkkkkkkk nothing like a reminder for you haha
you missed a heck of a show at UK's Big Blue Madness last night.. Can't wait to see you back at Rupp.. Go Cats!!
Smoking blunts talking bout sex wit my sista...
Great meeting of today.. follow us on Twitter and "like" us on Facebook!
In my feelings -_____-
thats good and you are welcome
back from costa rica...doing laundry!
No Shame starts in 20 minutes. Come join the insanity at 2215 W North ave. $3 beer that isn't green.
There is a major thunderstorm happening right now, therefore the dog is hiding in the bathtub.
commented on "Modular Datacenters: Pros & Cons"
your kidding?! I wish my parents would take me from Florida to Arizona to see the boyz....
Volume I coming this April with amazing featured folks!! Great interviews, images, and top personal picks for NYC
Just signed up for #DayofDH. Looking over previous DH definitions, wishing I'd done something snappier . . . oh well.
27 in 27 days? Bless you and good luck. Now I feel silly bragging about running a 5K with out stopping for the first time.
Heading to Gus OH YEAH!
No problem.
The C-suite averages at least four different devices for business purposes
Music is revolutionizing!
so were gonna work on this idea but #shittyowners might prevent us.
Burglary prompts warning of home improvement scams - Baltimore Sun
its time to move on Eddy, it's time to move on! cc
Happy St Paddy's Day! Be sure to follow the #DCDrinkUp hashtag this evening to see where we're at & latest happenings!
I love Assam, but have been caffeine-free for just over a month! :)
Rainy days are grounds for lazy days.
it's about time, now if you could only get them to play your music on the plane, there would be a lot more happy fliers.
thanks, btw. excited to spark the brains of little Haitians.
Why does Pitbull always say 'blow the whistle'?
lucky duck! I have a lot :(
America needs Obama care like Nancy Pelosi needs a Halloween mask
all of us have an opportunity with
"One bad decision can jeopardize the integrity of an organization." - Michelle Lee, Northeast Regional President
The 40-year-old virgin!
Today is a great day to get your pet fixed. Please. :-)
you greedy lil thing you!
Traffic is nasty today in downtown
great. is it screening in the market?
Rainy Seattle night airport shuttle, blues on the radio.
RT : Tiki Barber documentary to launch the Fumblecore genre.
wait but guys i met ed
If she were minding her own wouldnt care but she made me feel super grossed out when she was checking me tanning last summer. Yah. Gross.
Person who uploads the most wins a $50 gift certificate, and one person will be selected at random to win $25. Start taking pictures!
'Eat It Don't Tweet It' Music Video Mocks Food Pornographers [VIDEO]
Like I said. Sum people juz mad cuz they cnt suck my penis. Lol. Jk
that just struck something...
2night the place 2 be is Broadway Bar(8800 broadway) No Cover. $3U CALL IT. Dj Mystik in the mix. Peter Blue hosting the party. Dnt miss out
Same here!!! RT So excited to be working with on website revamping! Stay tuned for a fresh look coming soon!
"Scrooged" is way underrated. One of Murray's best.
thank you for following too!
Wow, so jealous !
nahh, I don't agree :3
question then is how long can you stay on the edge?
outstanding job!
Is this really the ?
Wine bar and good friend = pretty damn great evening.
get me out of this stupid city, time to meet some more Johnny and kevins...
I used to think so many things were impossible until God showed me they're more than possible. Now I'm a BELIEVER, a true BELIEVER!
I'm screaming it and you still can't hear me
I can think of alot of reasons Not to be at work hate when people don't turn auto-response back on and u see around the office.
OMG!! This Plyometric Cardio Circuit program kick my ass this morning!! What a sweat....OMG!!!
lets do another one. but DM it to belibers
2 for $20 with free shipping. WWW.yeldahgoods.com
heard that!!
hi brennan. interested to chat with you. can you follow me so we can dm?
yeah mate! hope you're having a good easter weekend :) loving it, but so confused as to what day it is ha !
hell yeah
PS- I owe you a license plate!
That is so bad-ass.
We have posted about "My Deaf Family" on our site & FB page 4 parents/familes/those w/#specialneeds www.knowledgesafari.com
When you want something done right, I guess you've got to do it yourself.
i just want to kiss you.
Photoshop is eating 4 gigs of RAM. And I thought I was hungry.
you still in Madison
R.I.P. Point Game
My teenager just fetched me a Klondike bar. What will I do when she goes to college? *sniff*
you're starting to sound like me with all of these stops!
Here's to #hotterthanbiscuits getting a good work out this summer!
queen of nerds.
Saw Ripken play there and though I barely remember it, Murray too.
Have you ever googled yourself? :D Love you!!!
will be doing a music video soon with for his song "Sweet Tea" check it out!
That's pretty cool stuff, glad to hear it
I dont like watching Jay Leno... his chin is toio long
until later
Nun much. Just came home.
thanks Rob!
Thats pretty fancy! RT : oh yeah... is gonna wear his golden sombrero
I'm at the carry once again getting food lol.
it is my example an inflated word to my students. I had a prof who used to say, "Clarity is a worthier goal than profundity." You?
MY little brother passed all five of his Ogt's first try! (happy tears) I'm like so proud of dude=) I love you JayMan!!
Happy Valentines Day ladies. We have Vday specials going on until the end of the week. Give us a call.
I think he was talking about returning to the court period, not 100%. And, btw, you don't want to rush it, should be '14.
U need to hear the bits on freekshowradio.com
After being at #iset11 in Philly and now at #nctm12 in Philly--it is amazing the difference in educators using some device in sessions!
Yeah, I bet your life is so awful because you're skinny and every guy wants you.
Next, a shoutout to ! Thanks so much for being my 996th follower! :D
headache and earache <<< smh
not really, not at all.
doctors, social media people, car repairmen, etc. Probably shouldn't have tweeted that, was a little down b/c of a call.
Wow Time is flying. Happy last day of January!Make it a great day.
Thanks! : , I'm giggling my face off at your #aimsoundersready headlines! The campaign rules, as do our boys in green & blue
Winter weather or summer weather?
Ay, the suspense is killing me!
Definitely got to catch up on my computer time. Next week, my seasonal work is going to be hectic.
Last summer I literally spent EVERYDAY with my dad because he needed something to do to take his mind off them damn machines and medications
Great stuff!
Try something new for it is all new anyway, only our habitual perceptions makes us believe the status quo exists.
Thank you, Connie!
good luck!
A modern take on 'Cosi fan tutte'. It's a comedy in the original, so it's supposed to be funny. Even funnier in this format.
Emma Diaz is sounding FANTASTIC!
on the outside, im calm and cant stop talking about the show reveal for tonight. on the inside, im like a little kid on christmas.
Amazing effort, incredible passion and hard work from all the team ! TY for making our first #TedxYouth event such a success!
im on the move .. once i get to my destination - i got you
poor girl. Am sorry. Soon!!
It was really handy being high when I had an hour without electricity lol :)
and once again i am up by six....
Wade is still napping it out. Doesn't matter: LBJ feeling it. D. Rose has to keep attacking, Deng has to hit his open looks.
Depends on circumstances. 4 yrs ago I ran vs. Ronn Ferrell. I was wishing Dem presidential primary coincided w/ our general.
boo! I think Sbux tastes like mud - just talking straight coffee, not specialty drinks. Caribou is good, but there isn't one close...
Your language is unexpected. It really doesn't fit your profile. You keep hanging around non goalistic friends and you follow.
guilty as charged on the rhody thing.. new profile pending.. thanks for watching!
Okay I love <3
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Won't be looking for that on TV, LOL!
we gonna go party at the movies? Hahahahaha.
More #FACup action today! #Tottenham v. #Chelsea live at 11am - who ya got for the win?
Everything changes so quickly.
Older couple at post office wife:"where do ya wanna go to dinner" husband:"i dont care youre more picky than me" I can relate to this woman!
why have all google tools been SO SLOW or not working at all lately????
Haven't been on here socializing much. But what's up world? How's everyone doing?
i dont want him to leave :c
Good Morning World, the book critic has returned from a great trip into the city and out and about in Tenn, NY, Fl, new authors are coming
All crap jokes aside, two bits of my heart walking around outside of my body. Thanks for a perfect night!
Markets have been improving, but unemployment's up. Do you think the economy is improving? Call and share your thoughts: 317-736-0950
U are a thirsty ass bitch if u tryn to pull a relationship off Twitter. If it was up 2 me, yall would get a bag of cat piss thrown @ u 24/7
I saw it from the tv story
on the behalf of management, I thank you for your patronage
i bought Up All Night Limited Edition , Up All Night Standard & on itunes (: soo i bought it 3 times
"A customer is our most important visitor. We are dependent on him. He is not an interruption in our work. He is the purpose of it."
#rip kristein's love life
M.... irradiated eggs.
Because procreating exempts you from society.
Thank you to KVRF in Palmer, Alaska for picking up American Routes! Can't wait to start serving you!
you should tweet about ! you'd love them! :)
Thanks Aria!
My biggest fear is growing old alone.
ha yeah i hope we get enough ppl D:
I'm the reason that you always gettin faded.
Love 2 travel but hate booking flights? Book ur hotel with us & we'll scan the web 2 find u the best fares..FREE!
Pumped to wear my jersey to the at game tomorrow. Wish they were playing for something though.
Deciding whether or not to go to IDEA this weekend....
I cant deny my unparalleled love for the phad thai at Thai One On on Lake City Way.its awesome as is all their food. Dont deny yourself it.
haha, most of what makes people happy is already legal though! except for natural things which make you look inward and reflect.
Check My War Wounds
Texarkana still leading Northeast 7-1 as we move to the bottom of the 7th
Nothing brings down walls as surely as acceptance
hey Paula India is going amazing ! Can u tweet out watch on the IPL launch tonight 7 pm India
as long as you was smoking good sugar...
no idea. Look it up on the US Patent Office site.
Half of my book is about him. RT : OF COUSE Claiborne only took 50% of the Wonderlic. He's used to only using half of things.
Lol I'm Listening To Whitney Houston <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I'm always on the go looking for that perfect shot!!
Camera Dave said that to me when he walked in...it took me a minute but I got it!
The new ranking FIFA: Spain, Holland, Germany, Brazil, Uruguay, England, Portugal, Italy,Croatia, and Argentina. Mex 20 & USA 30
TURN AROUND
.. But he is a fighter and we are praying for him...
I know that hindsight is 20/20 but I cannot help but wonder why a pitcher of #MarianoRivera's age is out catching fly balls pregame.
hey!!! I misssssseddddd u!!!!! <3 i been good !
make it 5 in a row tomorrow. Booyah!
“: As I finish this school year I'm even more excited for next year!” // amen!
I wonder if they'll ever re-release any of the old 1950s 3D films in modern 3D.
I hate my life. This is fucking pointless.
I mean yeah Austin being I'm Miami is gonna be different, but he'll always be that 14 year old boy from Texas.<3
Now she tells me she wants to have 2 boys & 2 girls bc boys & girls play different things. This way the boys play together & the girls too.
Man... Im a fool
she don't wanna go outside tonight, & in a pipe she flies to the motherland and sells love to another man.
“I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think.” <U+2015> Rumi
The Mosley Family GO HARD! Ya' Her'd! BOSS! BOSS! DETROIT! CHICAGO! LA! PHILLY PA! VA! ATLANTA GA! "A-TOWN!" MIAMI!!!
We know you meant sweating, not swearing. Cuz a nice Adventist girl like you would never ever swear.
Enjoying some fantastic speakers this morning at MPI Mid America Conference.
What are you reading?
we hope to see on Sunday at #weddingpartybridalshow! We'd also like to invite u to our industry only after party 5pm. :)
i followed yuh can i get a follow bakk!!??please??
i LOVE the Alchemist and The SKIN I'm In...currently ready Yourgu by Marimba Ani
Yo check my #IG feed for a preview of meals.
Is twist coming back to Atlanta?
I thought cupcakes were the new doughnuts? Are they switching places again?
Your worth consists in what you are and not in what you have. Thomas A. Edison
thannks for not answering me :(
Workout all over with. Great opening to the week w/ a back workout this morning. Got another one tomorrow, but that's hrs from now.
my thoughts exactly!
we don't fuck off she just gne try scare yo ahh away to see if u ain't going
Yeah, there will be wifi once the cafe opens.
Clearly both dogs need to be crated for my new puppy to remain calm in his crate. World of difference.
send in your #wildwesley tweets to show up on the big screen
#AmericanIdol is making me sad. What the what? Please make it stop.
Hoping it's the Thunder and Heat in the finals!
Stay tuned! RT : Congrats to Keenan Caldwell who won a $100 card! Three more prizes up for grabs this month...
#seaotter Stop by expo booth to see amazing new saddle pressure analysis technology. Saddle blues? Demo all day!
thanks bro I appreciate that! If you ever wanna cop anything use "Steven" and it'll give you 10% off and free stickers etc
Thanks for following & I'm looking forward to your tweets!
:) just make sure your landlord is in on the game. I take no responsibilities for making you homeless!
. reports from Falk camp that people don't appear to know AP called it for Barrett, some 10 minutes afterward.
just got the latest EW. It has Adele on the cover. Apparently, to mark an anniversary of when putting Adele on the cover would have been ok.
Andrew & cesar have the same scent loll
LAKE SHOW!!!!! Meeeooowwwww! Just a few more minutes!
I dont know what to do..... Im confused...... I dont want to hurt her feelings but.....aaghhhh dammit
CDC now recommend all entering college for the first time are vaccinated against meningococcal meningitis.
RT Off to exercise, missed some this morning. Will be back to check on you all.
Thanks for following me.
great presentation at the
Pshh right. Like I'd miss the #idol tour. I'll be front row ;)
Term White Hispanic didn't exist before Zimmerman came along. They need to the word "white" in there or the story fizzles
Only we can make our life what we truly want it to be, ask for direction and you will get it, not following it is the problem not the answer
some saturday night sampling
u think thats the 16 we should go with?
I always forget that pausing/fast-forwarding/recording television is possible until I come home
haha way to go Alex!
Happy #FF , , , , Have a great weekend.
Follow to get a chance to win a autograph picture of one of our past starting 6 players! Help her get to 100 followers!
Turns out fork-ear was Sam, not
RT Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't. /via
Little 5 has arrived!!!
I hate you!!
#1DLikesBigBums THEY LIKE BIG BUTTS AND THEY CAN NOT LIE. <U+266B>
I would if I didnt have to be up at 5:30
We sure Taking:))
RT : That's a 47min video!!! I am looking for a high-level overview to share with my management :) > DM me with specifics.
Do people not know that health insurance is not free. An Ins. Company covers BC. It is called a co-pay. +Ins premium paid. Not free Russ L.
Would you say that's your work space? Describe your studio to us.
was it the ones of you wearing JDiamonds cause if so im glad u got them back...lol
i dont got another one niggi ; slanted ones .
Thanks for the RT 5 Stupid Things Supervisors Say That Get Their Org Sued wp.me/p1lzfR-3S
Go team, go!
awesome! kill 'em dead
I love writing music on TabIt.
Jints going through atypical Dec. swoon. Green Bay making mincement of NY secondary. 4 turnovers doesn't help either. No Steve Smith, too.
Thx - info is for Have a good week!
sports and news would be my guess for explaining that
Everybody follow my sis , we follow back .
Pretty sure the entire Gulf of Mexico has taken up residence in my hair.
Very well could be!
Put on right now to see piss drunk Nick Faldo break down the
5 mins YEAH BUDDY. let's do this poo!
when a guy tells u he loves u its the best feeling in the world <3 :)
Are any of my followers Boy Beliebers? :)
I know it's been a while
Don't be hatin'.
I miss my boyfriend!!!!
love that!
Middle Finger To The FUCKIN COPAZ <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093>
Just saw '9' -- one of the worst movies i've seen in years. Stay away!
gas weed wacker? anyone? it's needed for our clean up on Monday 7/18
Romney said at a private donors meeting this week that he planned to get rid of HUD if elected.
I'm dream chasing.
Masty is starting to look like masty again.
you know what says.. you have to have the rain to have the rainbow
Have a wonderful time! Thanks for using ShowClix :) Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
The wheels of justice were stopped for awhile but at least now they are slowly moving. "Justice for Trayvon"
I'm bout to get pretty
Happy Birthday to team M.E.!!! <3 ya'll
Why am I this tired BEFORE I eat?
there R 2 interviews of yours that I swear I've listened to 1000 times in the car. UR huge man, luv 2 meet n thank you some day!
yep me too <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Just checked analytics on 's #tumblr traffic. Surprised Twitter is a much better referrer than Facebook.
people actually watch golf?
Those photos of the cherry blossoms are simply beautiful. That brightened my morning. See my FB post! Thank you! So tranquil.
I think rainy days automatically increase the level on the craz-o-meter for kids 6 and under.
Yogi tea wisdom: Mantras you shouldn't say - I don't know, I'm not ready, I can't do it.
>>> When girls say they love these dudes, What for ... he don't love you #LoveYourself & be selfish
I have to admit that my guilty pleasure starts tonight and I am giddy!
Shooting an OH wedding today, at Skyland CC. Early congrats to Ashley & Zak, my rockin Las Vegas couple!
You took the words right outta my brains
#OnlyCoralReefKids would not wear uniform tomorrow cause of some last second email
I tried.. You didn't . Remember that next time you say its my fault.
um...a bowl of special k, thens its off to showerville
My 3 year old wouldn't either, not for the whole time. But I know Jordan will.
Somebody point me to the best ass eater.
just seen a dude w them J Scott's you wanted
ball hard like jordan closing games....jtfo.
please please please follow back :)
Good for you! My wife's in a union and if it weren't for that, her meager income would be the most minimal of incomes...
pretty awesome? come on, you know it was EPIC. Bottles were flying and bandmembers were confused. haha
haha yes!! But idk if I can yet! You should see my bathroom and my guest room they're so clean
It is really pretty! I especially like the beach.
I want to do a physical file-sharing, soundscape remix project in
We're now up to 1959. It would be a big year for Miles Davis, and for the world not just of Jazz but of music itself. Hold on to your hat.
are you quoting me?
sigh ... I just read an article from the NYT for class that calls a woman, Francesca, an alumnus.
At this point I'm running on coffee and chutzpah
fuck you're hot..
ff For on-the-ground practical advice for Gen Y'ers in the nonprofit world. Plus, they have style.
you are welcome. Don't you love my weeklong response times on Twitter?
they look terrible
Thank You! Gulp Gulp! Ah! RT : Me? Naw. I think is brewing some for
RT : Glad to see 2 companies with such strong ties to in the Coulter Challenge at #NOEW. Good luck to
Chris White of St Monica is Blowing Up at Frosh/soph Camp
I'm listening...just not too closely
yes! I've always wanted to be Evie Carnahan!
anytime my dear
RT : Am expecting Eryone at the barber house tonight for the launch party with ur best fit;) @ me for the info
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
The new York television festival at TriBeCa? Doesn't time Warner have one of those every day?
mom and i are watching drive and eating pb ice cream living the life or living the life?
"Come on over come on over baby"
Why does McGee on the Nuggets remind me of J Cole?
"The first thing that must be on the agenda of our nation is to get rid of racism." --MLK Jr. (March 16, 1968)
We'll be sure to bring you the very latest on that story when we see it crossing the wires!
let's solve this like mature adults..hold your breath under water forever, i mean afterall, you are a fish..right?
Order your in-home meal now for you or someone you love for 10% off this week only! Offer ends 1/22/2012.
im talkn bout leave & go home lol
Getting ready to interview a bunch of Cheerleaders at a Cheer competition with ESPN
Spent part of the day w/ one of my favorite stylists Mai-Lei, just wish , , & were there too.
Cant wait! RT : Just finished editing my video I made at ! Can't wait to share it with you!
if I flirt with you, I probably flirt with other people too. im single
Idk why I feel so sad.
haha, I watched it yesterday, I liked it! :)
Don't understand twitter at the moment........lol
You will not be punished for your anger; you will be punished by your anger. Buddha
In some cases this has happened over hundreds or thousands of years
UNC is really laying it on Duke.
The things I could fucking say to you right now...
If you would like to see A Long Christmas Ride Home for FREE, email .
shut the fuck up titty head.
Put God First, but in your list of fictional characters that went on to become adult themes to violently control the ignorant masses.
heya mate, do you know if there will be a video posted of the Vitec talk from NAB?
short bus shawty, i need to see you & asap !
Income inequality , income inequality, income inequality, income inequality... ...Ah, ...What was the question again?
Well, you know. Enjoy that shit now, while you're still young.
---»• I <U+2665> being a man of God .. Not easy buh feels good and life iz much smoother..
Oh yes, thank you brain/body. Two hours of sleep is exactly the amount of sleep I was hoping for. Might've been too much actually...
I wish I was kidding but nah
Oh yes. There certainly is.
Why did Kloppas get suspended?
We watched the Classic Albums documentary for Aja on Netflix. Good stuff.
i miss her. but i know that it wont work out. she prob doesnt even wanna see my name.
Happy to be showing and Detroit loves North Carolina!
This is a VERY good Michigan State squad. Great defense, size and outside scorers mean the #Spartans could make a deep NCAA tourney run.
What a beautiful white wonderland at Tahoe! We are so blessed to be here, but we miss our baby girl Emma being here with us <3
Cool slide show! It was a fun event.
Monday started off with having to restore our intranet from backup thanks to a server failure over the weekend. Now I deserve cake.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW .. SEE YOU AT #COMMONSPACE #SATURDAYS #PARTYALLWEEK.COM FOR MORE INFO.
For the record, I still like Iceberg lettuce. It's not all we have available.
Ha, ha. Sorry, popped into my mind & couldn't resist. Artistic immortality in plastic. Hmm, I wonder what the resin life span is?
Casual card games
nor should you
I prefer Patrick Swayze's quote from Road House over the 's - "Be nice. Be nice until it's time to not be nice" :)
Omg can we leave yet?
RT : subaru impreza is a brillaint 4x4 rally car. i love it. its one of the best cars ever!!!!!!
k, what time?
Sarkozy: 19 arrested in French police raids
Thanks for the mention. We appreciate it.
Good show! :)
Y would somebody do that?... O yea I forgot ppl do/say stupid shit
Nothing concrete yet, though dreams are firmly lodged.
Light some to this weather
"things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out" john wooden (via )
bye , ill come back later (;
looks very tasty
Watermelon rosemary lemonade in hand and an apartment in west hollywood in the back pocket. Thnk u, Lord that this marathon trip is over!
also: none of your personal info is on our site.
when,time, and location of the skate party
Feels good to feel a little better
Is Oral Sex Safe is trending. That's scary. Something that's not scary, and definitely safe, is 'Speaking of...' February 4th
At a new year's gathering I asked my friend how she found a date. "Plenty of FIsh" she said. "And he's a god kisser. Wow."
good job this morning , very professional
I was all 4 #fashionstar but Kara was clearly not it. She did not sell to all stores & she doesn't appeal to all 3 brands ... I'm done!
i was jk
#lswchat #FF should be to followers; get a lot of Tweets from people who've never engaged
Upcoming Exhibit - Solo Show - Tim Hovde at the Muir, Houston, Texas March 12th, 2010 www.timhovde.com
"Maybe the book started at chapter 9." "Some people might really like the number 9." "Upside down, it's a 6!"
Made it through the first round of #nycmidnight short story competition! Second round starts tonight at midnight.
As a writer, I'm constantly trying to reinvent the art of storytelling.
Be ON TWITTER ALL DAY...PEOPLE SAYING PLAY THE BOOK MORE ..
Bout to go back in this joint... Nigga said 15 mins... Business men should be on time smh
have i fuck. looks like im spending all of sunday doing them. have u?
ok y'all just lost me
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.: Man's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
I had the pleasure of watching my sis & meeting the team in person when they came to Tucson. Great season! Congratulations!
no. Start as soon as you can, but just a warning: it's difficult to start your acting career & be a full time college student.
It means even....hahaha. it doesn't look right tho :P
follow back :)
Set the music free. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Dear Girls: #FACT You can lose up to 18 Lbs
Just lost 12 hours to three different help desks....turns out my host "daddy" was bad, but wouldn't admit it! All is better now.
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
My Tribe called Quest..
Yes.I like you. If only I could tell you to your face or atleast through text. /: <3
Rise and Grind tweeters!!! Motivate your mind today.. Block out anyone negative!! Stay focused on your game plan! Lets GO
Beach tomorrow with my besties! (:
Today I get to interview a professional action sports athlete whom I've had a huge poster of up at my office for months. Pretty stoked!
- Nice tip!
Comes with brain, side SSD, Canon mount.
I'm ready for the beach!
Great lunch with to discuss websites & blogs & Christmas cards & many other things!
Layin down thinking!
I can hope cant I?
At this year's GECC open forum, language was mentioned as a req. to dump (or allow GIS or similar instead)
stand strong!
My multiple personalities confuse me. ;-) RT : who doesn't? lol RT : I have too many issues
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11. day? Make it a great day!
This is the time when only Aimee's signature #ohbro hashtag is appropriate. Just ask
Sun starting to shine through. Common back warm weather :)
can't feel my head.. I mean i can touch it, but I can't feel it
Congrats Nikki!!! You'll have a great time at runDisney! The marathon is THE best for a first choice!
My brothers a loser
A great start to #AWP12 : flight cancelled, forgot several essential things. FInally go here. exhausted already. Is it over yet?
Tonight, Sofia Vergara & Julie Bowen ("Modern Family") shooting guns at firing range = Total Turn On!
Make sure to check out Big John @ the Speakeasy tonight. Look for some dates from us coming soon!
#ThingsTougherThanBlakeGriffin Dakota Fanning
You are do rude! And to think I was going to wish you a Happy Saturday...
You're just a hop, skip, & a jump away from a U-Swirl with the opening of our 3rd location in Phoenix.
<3 RT Realest tweet I ever seen!
Journal of American Med Assoc indicated "wellness" approach resulted 17% decline in medical visits & 35% decline visits for minor illness.
Thanks for the feedback! Have a GREAT day!
if i see one more person use a hashtag on facebook im going to go to their house and slit their throat!
J is severe/anaphylactic to Egg- we skipped Flu & all vaccines last 8 mos due to chemo- better to get at allergist? or Drs?
so apparently verizon can take 3 billing cycles to credit back incorrect charges but I have to pay on time? transfered to "welcome center"..
I wish more people would look into what not to do!!!
You can compensate for your weakness with superb organization. At least for me.
- looks like you guys are growing by leaps and bounds. Thought about working with a recruiter for that hard-to-find talent?
Derrick Rose torn ACL in today's game verse 76ers!!! Thank you hopefully the sixers can win the series now
I be yelling money over everything money on my mind....
Good idea...
hes addicted to sex.... but hes creepy with it
I'm listening, Steve Ward.
I just saw a guy that dresses just like abner but muslim or something but punisher hat punisher shirt steeltoe slip on shoes and dickies ...
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Have you ever borrowed an ebook from the library?
“: I can do without shirtless Heat fans in my mentions.” I hear that!!
Took me abt 3 weeks to finish up this website for ebay.. and they're really happy with it!! celebrating tonight w/ the homie
Small world. apparently knows
If you got stickers this week send me photos of them in your town!
2 days until my bday haha mine is on Easter :)
Gates of Vienna: Oslo&#39;s Immigrant Future
ReflectingOn our past season thanks / & ForA warm reception and great performance venue!
Nice day of drinking brewskies at lock b.
So happy to see out there in the playoffs again. Still a fan hommie. #CavsFan here
2nd RT : If you are on a plane in the Atlantic..Happy New Year!!!
Sick of this shit,like seriously /:
Wow, lots going on today! Recommended hashtags to keep up on all the great info:
Best chat #reference question so far today: "Can i get my belly button pierced if i have mono?"
“: Oh, food writing folks - collectively, we can do better than "dessertery," "drinkery" and "cupcakery," can we not?” lol
At 48 Hour Launch. Time to get pumped.
Hey Im listening too!
Does anyone have the AP Stylebook app? It's $25 & doesn't have any ratings.
find a goat.
i think it's time to eat a sandwich.
The actors in the educational video are almost as good looking as those on Law and Order.
Happy #Easter weekend! Did you #egg hunt?
All packed for Kansas… Wheels up tomorrow morning so I am enjoying one more night at home with tv and hot tubbing :)
Aw. Why not come out to Cali for HempCon in April and I can treat you to some! No booth, just attending :)
Ooh baby, baby
I saw this too! It's hard for me to pay for that when I can just make it at home though!
Need my ocean fix. Heading to Crane's beach with Baloo. I love fall for lots of reasons one being that they now allow pooches back on beach!
I think I found a fake one lol. “: Every time you bash your head against a wall, you burn 150 calories.”
Torpor be gone! I'm back in the thick of it today. #amwriting #1k1hr coming up. Anyone in? I'm thinking 9am. Need
I wish they'd kept Julia Stiles around beyond that season and made them a murder family
Pretty solid finagling of the rotation by Boston...Baltimore two-game set falls right at the time when the #4 and #5 starters will pitch.
I don't want to read this book at all.
Quite. I hope he's still researching this data.
u must be gay lol
y does it matter?
i love you <3
Im High On The Early side
because of your tweet i can't stop listening to Glee songs on !
*insert facepalm here*
Doris rules. Among the very best in the business.
you need help. Heres a tip, when looking for pictures to fool Dawn with, Look some where other then Google!
As much as I love Louisiana, I feel like I need to fast for a few days to reset my stomach.
any info on #Badger hockey recruits and is it a strong class
Glad you like! Watching her videos now are like seeing Robin Sparkles before Robin Sparkles!
I think Yoko Ono would make a good dictator RT In your head, a sunset can go on for days. You can eat up all the clouds in the sky.
It's the editing that gets you ... I can relate!
DIRECTV-America's #1 satellite TV beats cable w/ the most HD channels, the most sports & the best customer satisfaction!.- 832-429-8264.
Coopers did it again...great BBQ pork!
So nervous for tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
It's 8:00 and I've already tripped up the stairs.
girl you are famous!:) lol jk...he plays on the toronto #bluejays ...his name is like Jose or something.
My dog just triple-dog-dared me to eat a brown banana. Sure wish she didn't talk so much.
bahahaha nice one!! :-)
RT : Will do and SO wish you were here! #DITTO!
Working at again, and disappointed they put the elevator music back on. Wilco was so much better.
I love it, it's my life.. Just it's very hard work. I hate when people think gymnastics is so easy lol
Raised over $1400 last night!!!!! Pictures coming soon! Thanks SO MUCH to everyone who came!
It's not like we will ever find out either, cause she never gives grades back.
thank you corazon
Parents: Ask your children if they have any problems seeing the board in class, could make the difference come report card time
2 of 2 about the retention of the positions and not the retention of the actual people (whether they leave for other jobs, etc.)
"You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting. It is not logical, but it is often true."
I WAS SORRY TO C....THE HOTTEST BABE IN B.H....WASN'T FEATURED ON ANDY'S SHOW...WITH ALL OF BRAVO-LEBRITIES...!!
You can call me Cody! Sam is my middle name.
Me too! RT Dude, seriously (haha), I always do on FB or Twitter! Dude,Pls hit me w/ where & when for the Cup!!
Talk stupid off with your head
Yay for us getting the mind?
People threatening politicians & breaking windows, doors of their office buildings? Seriously, grow up people! You're better than that!
Ah, jealous. Stone tour guides are awesome.
Jamar Rogers will be #TheVoice winner.
awww miss u too girl!!! This group is so small
Why do men think they know anything about being a woman or what we care about? I would say they are not qualified to comment.
Dante told Dolores last week when he talked her into letting him out of his jail cell.
its alright beauty :)
I've always thought it was weird that guys have that high bar when it'll hurt them a lot more if they crotch themselves on it.
I gotta get up early tomorrow.
miss u CUS im comming over next weekend
travel safe!
Only accept cash
Come to Nashville! #buy1get2free !! haha :) (really.) RT I need a pair of cowboy boots.
Getting ready for a job interview. Pray that I get it.
that's a good angle for the General. He looks less "husky."
I think that last caller, Paul, is really Charlie Morton incognito...just sayin'
Finish this: "My mom is better than anyone else's mom at.."
happy valentines day to all my favorite stoners! i hope you find love and
some kick-ass shots man!
thinking about silly stuff hmm...
why not
No one pronounces tallebon like our #potus and paaahkeystan #wemustfinish what we started"
Ready to leave
Bottom paint complete. Next up: varnish! Who's getting excited for their tour this spring?
Highlight of my night last night- waiting on Dr. Broom and Dr. McBride.
My papa told me he got a good phone it don't ring smh lol
Just had the best yoga class! Dead tired... I'm going to bed soon!
"Taylor I need help, I made a mess" - as he's making hot chocolate in the hallway.
I have a bad back so u better use your hands or feet. Or have a home girl come do it.
Now recycling so excited to
Lmao my mom just said "leggo" instead of saying "let's go" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
ikr!! I'm ready!! Ima be there until Sunday so include me in your plans!!
#yeahyoulosing you must Follow me. newbie here !
If rain drops were kisses,I could send you showers. if hugs were seas i send you oceans. and if love was a person i send you me!!
no problem! Just need a few more people to pay and I'll order them..I just can't afford 25 shirts
awww!! How exciting!! Tell everyone I said hey hey! I'm going to buy a brownie to celebrate here. Miss all of you too!!
My sister's excuse for not letting me use her pants "You're going to make me look flat from my butt" ~.~
When there's two boys, and you can't decide. <<<<
r u checking it twice? :)
And you're still awesomely amazing!
Just started my first attempt at homemade orange bitters and am already thinking about next batch - with violets. advice?
#oomf sometimes spit real shit shit and the other time say the DUMBEST shit! #boygetyolife and beliefs off twitter!
MT: #MittRomneyknowshowtocreatejobslikejohnMcCainknowshowto ...... pick running mates
Dear Pandora, Why must you sneak Journey into every playlist I make?
Outstanding episode this week. Writers are going all out this year! Ride from funeral was all time best!
You should buy me some tickets for your show and some Airline tickets roundtrip fron S.A, Tx to NYC:D LOL jkjk. Love you<3
If you're eating a football shaped cakepop today in the DMV its probably from us!
Visimeet is great for small businesses that want to try videoconferencing but want to avoid scary infrastructure costs, just download and go
i think the campaign "dumbs "down an issue that shouldn't be "dumbed." great attention getter, just not thought through fully.
“: The ring of love - band name, tumblr or adult toy #dfwsem” omg water up my nose lol
Lmao okay i should go to sleep.
If u tell someone you're 40 in LA it's pretty much like saying you have Aids.
It's true! Love ya girl!
You're damn right cousin has no idea.
Hey, dm me your number again. I deleted it by mistake
Smile and make your own sunshine... Hello!
I always have trouble creating a shorter, unaccompanied program, so suggestions are welcome!
hey man! Follow ME plz :)
I woke up and the first thing that pops in my head is Young Jeezy and I said: "Way too gone..." Lol MORNING TWEEPS
Science! I'm sure if you put your mind to it you could learn what you needed though.
I went to Sturgis. When I was 8.
20 hours down, 5 and a half to go
Bored in biology with Felipe .~.
ONCE A BELIEBER ALWAYS A BELIEBER !
Super cute!
I may have gave a damn but I never gave a fuck.
I love most of the Harvard Sailing Team () sketches, but the "Jen Show" ones are just cruel & not funny. New series, please!
its Friday everyone!!!!!!!
HA!!!.. yup and its more SWEETER than a HONEY BUN... lol
Hangover Part II was actually better than the first, surprised.
I pegged you as more of a black leather handbag kind of guy...
": Lifting consciousness is the basis of any real change." Ah Yes. Yes it is.
$1 he dies tonight because you put him into shock... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
LMAO! you ma ma ma make me happy
Great audition weekend is done. Now back to work submitting, auditioning, and learning lines. Hm....I think I'll do my lines at the pool.
I hate txting someone and they don't text back.
Wow, the pens are the flyers bitches.
Just had a great run. Now for an early lunch.
the care transition #health2con challenge sounds great, but why just 250-500 word submission? Should we just tweet it?!
not too bad
Hello Kareen, Thank you for following us!
I just seen the tupac hologram...very eerie but good
Spending the day with my original BFF.
It feels good to be home (pun intended)
Our lucky fans are so excited to see
uhh you were awesome! our pleasure to sign that pick. hope to see you soon!
Just because everyone else is doing it...doesn't mean you should too. Be a leader & let others follow you!
When discussing "Paranormal" I do lump in the Exorcist...
So left over Pizza and Croissant are not fuel for Training lol
His mom popped in & informed me he'd seen a book that said "S.O.S.", which she told him meant "Save Our Souls".
Chillin in Winston with the fam today.
“: I was just interviewed by for her morning radio show while keeping things under control at work.” Gangster!
Dyed my hair tips red. Oh yeah!
do you keep up with any handlers/producers from cities you visited from A Cook's Tour?
When your ready....
i can't always respond to every person. sorry.
Thanks for the follow! :)
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Mobile County until 07:30 AM
Don't tell that to Felger & RT : Pierce goes from hobbling to "dunking on people's heads..." faster than anybody.
he sleep
u probably be aight going thru Louisville. Never know fo sure tho
Where are you looking? We would love to help.
I hate automatic tweets.
hmm...I have some cute flats I could wear. I'll start looking for a matching floppy hat...
good question! I guess Pop just wants to keep it pedal to the metal in this close out game
Congrats to and for making the !! Great job guys!!!!
I use Chapstick way too much.
I gotta get cardio theater at my crib
": NFL mock draft links: Browns get another cornerback to team with Joe Haden? // pretty please
David Tulloch recently bought a lottery ticket at a Shell FoodMart in Silver City—a ticket worth $515,000. He plans to invest the money.
Falling off your bed for no reason and not being able to stop laughing.
idk if might like that... Our honeymoon was amazing this past NYE... Italy was amazing!
was god?
I guess I was getting the silent treatment ;-) Enjoy the holiday weekend!
Have we become cattle, g-pigs and sheep?
I'm on that pursuit of happiness
; "Don't put your lips up to my mouth & tell me you can't stay ... Don't say it doesn't matter cause it's gonna matter to me. " </3
Exactly, I agree with you!
Xbox til I die!
woke up to piss and their had to be someone in the bathroom like cmon
Touché. Pretty sure they all leave the huddle after a TO and proceed to ask CP3 what they should actually be doing.
And are coming for you All I can say is '99 shortened season all over again. Thank you Allan Houston
*Free Leather Upgrade* w/ purchase of any Ekornes Stressless furniture. Last 7 days to upgrade your lifestyle. Sale ends March 20, 2011.
I got called into work
yes, and Asham has some asian decent as well. I like it!
Just use some windex to help apply.
Oh homework, I rather take you to dinner than do you..
Likewise! Here here! :)
Important note re #hlth: research lib'ns are actually safest (relatively)--it's shared services staff (eg tech svcs) facing layoffs.
Clear need arising for space to allow cross sector collaboration especially btwn techies and civic and cmty engagement folks
TL SO FUCKIN WEAK! Can A Nigga Get Some Mentions? Some Dms? A Girlfriend? A Snicker? A Tooth? Somethin?
Wishing you a Happy Mother's Day! I hope have a great day and are doing well! Take care!
Another super speeder though, my Ls is done for.
Dinner: pizza with arugula, fig, mozzarella, prosciutto & parmesan yeah get it
I understand needs to make money - but $20/month to host >10mb is too expensive. $20-40/yr for 100MB uploads feels more right
Its all about having the quietest member of the fam speak on stage.
Vegas bound!
Poised Creation believes helping the non-profit organizations as a new revolution in America!!! Fund'em!!
Having a hard time getting my leg out of this blood pressure machine at Wal-Mart.
If you don't know exactly what you want, then you might just get what you know you don't.
RT : Live with humility and have ultimate respect for Mother Nature.
Looking for great examples of learning technology frameworks, roadmaps and architectures models for communicating to executives.
Tbh basketball doesn't interest me that much... Im just sayin...
follow back :)
U always look HOT, but yess. Super hot tonight!
Bags are packed. Blastin off back to Texas for holiday! We'll be dropping brand new #drivnapparel tees right after the 4th. Peace.
ACrowdfundingProject- this is super cool! Times: Times Sq. Ad for Greek Tourism, financed by a Crowd
The Hunger Games was really awesome! Gonna to read the books now! Go watch it right now.
Wandering re-establishes the original harmony which once existed between man and the universe……Anatole France
Check for a DM
Fetish Houston is the place to be tonight !! Going to the Drake concert ? Come to Fetish AFTER !!!!! #Houston 3101 Fountain View
Dnt wanna go to da restroom but gotta drain da snake smh ugh. Was comfortable
s/o to jimmy neutron
Tip: sometimes in your career you are the buyer; other times you are the seller. It is always good to keep that concept in the back of yo…
I hope one of them works out for you! I have one pending with the Bureau of Land Management and am crossing my fingers.
About to go see Steiner Interiors today at 2pm!
why? They're the worst team in baseball...
When girls call me dude <<<
Happy Earth Day!
One last night of live music during #asae11 with Electric Soul from 9pm-12am.
Who says nothing is impossible. I've been doing nothing for years. ~ Anonymous
If u still dress/act the same as u did in highschool and haven't grown up u #fail at life lol
"I do not see how a lady can go to heaven unless she dances" and then he dwelt on the joy of sin forgiven- the overwhelming joy.
That's awesome!
I will get a phone today. I will get a phone today. I will get a phone today.
RT : Great seeing & really cool stuff coming down the pipe next week!
Sometimes I drink too much. Sometimes I test your trust.
I dnt appreciate you abducting my friend
yeah - you should have seen my back hair beforehand.
"Being a parent is hilarious." Jessica Alba
Dear Internet Users, Someday u will regret not reading me. Sincerely, Terms & Conditions.
the baby pigeons grew up too fast and are already ugly :(
Surprised that I still get surprised at some people.
FOLLOW I WILL FOLLOW BACK
you'll never sleep again, not even when they go to school
Anyone hear about the shootings in chardon high school in Ohio 2 kids died 3 r injured! It's soo sad RT if u want bullying to STOP!!
Sony warns shareholders of worse-than-expected $6.4 billion loss: The company says that it will post a net loss of 520 billion yen, u...
HEY JJ!!!!!! MY BROTHER FROM ANOTHER MOTHER......LOL....
Thanks DAVE! Much appreciated!
Saddle Ranch on Sunset!
Next true conservative you need to endorse:
Finally got to ride the bike today. A bit chilly but it was so fun. Can't wait until it gets even warmer :)
i seem to be the sam eway.. ill sit online all day but i rarely go play live.. and i live next to hard rock in las vegas
On my way to
I'm Gone Do Something Big For Her
To love what you do and feel that it mattershow could anything be more fun?-- Katherine Graham
My laziness is out of control, I don't even want to poop because I want to continue watching American Dad.
I dont know, worked for Ron Burgundy. “: “: Try n hit on me by talkin bout my ass? Well u can watch it walk away.
that moment when I love you to the moon & back <3
Web service written in .NET that's then hit with PHP in Vooba? Trying to avoid re-inventing the wheel.
I know & to think I actually liked directioners until I found out how rude and mean some are
What a fantastic night.
We haven't picked our artists yet. We still need to find a channel and funding. We'll keep in touch, though.
Menu spotlight-chicken avocado pita! Grilled chicken, avocado, roasted pepper, sunflower sprouts, tomato, red onion in whole wheat pita
Tornado sirens going off in MPLS and Maple Grove.
KUOW 7:06 - Amy Radil on Obama visit! Supporters thrilled about gay marriage stance but...afraid it helps opponents.
- wasn't me but thats a damn good idea.
Bolton down 1-nil at Stoke, QPR stay up if that were to hold...
How about useful tools and techniques for gathering and organising #chartership portfolio evidence? This seemed to come up a lot
I made a whole new outfit last week with things I already had and hadn't worn in ages! Closet shopping score. Keep the faith!!
": Forgiving your enemies doesn't help them; it helps you."
Mayor announces huge financing program to help benefit wbdc
“I love what we have here in Green Bay,” he said. “I’m pushing for another ring. It’s in my heart to try to win again.” 2012
guys my foot hurts.
what is #Bravesnation never heard of it
omg there'd be ambulances and fire engines hahaha
Thanks for the follow back! Looking forward to seeing the PSA! Many thanks!!!
#bbl going to watch a movie
so im working on playing 3 songs in one its hard to pick the 3 :/
Glad the sun is shining. Still too cold for my taste!
kiss of death
Just shut your eyes, just shut them.
I wished that I was a student at Michigan State University to complete my Bachelors Degree.
I've got real big plans and such bad thoughts :p
4/20 & what did I do? Laugh at the kids that think smoking is "cool".
The only thing that is worse about being lonely is others knowing that you are lonely.
Im really starting to think that the key to happiness is being a bit of a slacker & just not giving a shit too much.
DO YOU GUYS THINK YOU CAN HELP ME GET A SHOUTOUT FROM THE BOYZ TOMORROW FOR MY 16th BIRTHDAY!? MENTION ME IF YOU WILL HELP PLEASE :)
good thing chris martin is lip synching on #coldplayonidol coldplay was great at one time
I promise I will. BTW, just registered for Comic-Con today. See you in San Diego?
Man, what a way to end Tribes ! Near record attendance again, prayed over/encouraged our seniors and played more dart wars.
RT : Looking to reinvent your library in these tough economic times? Attend our free webcast to find out how... LIVE TOMORROW!...
WOOHOO! : Home on the 19th or 20th. Can't wait!
Room A Thousand Years Wide - Soundgarden #nowplaying Man, I love this song!!
Whenever these 'award winning social media strategists' start following me, I always secretly fear I'm being made some sort of case study.
Feeling pretty good right now.
MoovyBoovy: Impressive Clip from &#39;Snow White and the Huntsman&#39;
i bought the Real Estate album last night, so i have new stuff to listen to today.
Thanks much for the follow.
Are you excited?
green bays schedule is way too easy, I really hope lions, bears, giants, n sf bring it (which they will)...coming from a pack fan
lol thats the wrong from apathy...theyre from UK we are from texas haha.
how's that workin out for ya?
My monitor is too dirty for sci-fi space animations -- can't tell the dust particles from the stars.
Carol King may be a legend but damn she sure can't sing this song! The backup singers sound better!
Singing along to Divya Kumar and David Cope's albums while winding through Big Sur in the moonlight
Glad you enjoyed your time here. We'd love to have you back. :)
Running around Oakland trying to find shoe goo -____- why does no one in Pgh know what that is!?
Not much of anything is priced in. Bull case is that everything will work out fine. Bear case is that crash unavoidable.
So glad to hear it! Tell how ' kids sponsored your #friendiversary!
LOVE this shoot!
Mac users - what's your favorite genealogy software? Have you used Reunion?
Okay. Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure. See how this is.
Be careful then how you live, not as unwise people but as wise, because the days are evil. Eph. 5:15
Thanks for the RTs
Tomorrow the CHS cheerleaders will be volunteering at the Hydrocephalus Walk held at the Zoo Peck Center. Come see us between 8:30a-12:30p.
Wish I could let the world hear how stupid voicemails are
hahahah 3rd team you swear, those are all the pictures I'm tagged in papa, go and stalk my profile some more though
Anyone who tweets an accurate answer to someone else’s #mscdeng3510 question (without repeating another tweet) will earn one late ticket.
Anyone interested in learning grant writing by doing? I have (paid) project I need help on. PM if interested. Prefer folks in Madison, WI.
It is not a question of how well each process works, the question is how well they all work together
I LOVE YOUR PIC OF SELENA AND JUSTIN SO CUTE
I do 2...again I am a hypocrite...how are u shannon?
headcolds, another class on survey and evaluations, and power point is a nexus point of horror.
I hate children.
HAPPY BDAY TO MY BRO ENJOY EVERY YEAR IS A BLESSING
Start at shop LG or SML that exposes u to known brands facing real challenges. That will propel your career, not agency size.
So Benjamin. Time for an awesome #mother'sday plan.
Jamal Franklin - great moves!!
They look really good on you. :)
Havent said anything on this account since March & I still have 183 followers! Hi everyone! LOL Thats all I g ot for now.
we have all those artists in rotation on our station. grab the live365 app on iphone/android and search for "jam the city"
I like 's comment about providing value for readers.
RT : There are a couple of Comics studies journals specifically...
cool i will make contact with them tomorrow. And let you know what available little lady
"May the shwartz be with ya."
Hey yo Hollenbeck middle school u dope !!
my facebook page isn't loading for some reason.
Does anyone know where I can obtain Saw Palmetto extract in the Dallas area?
I have some.
I'm so tired now I can't keep myself contained to 140...even when my phone tells me to stfu
Forgetting my Cream of Wheat this morning is sending me into a tailspin.
8 at night right?
Learn to spell and use proper grammar otherwise you just look like some sad lonely little fuck who has nothing better to do.
I will be. Tell all your followers :{ mustache is ready for 2012
Who's excited for the February issue of Fashion 5.0?!
I'm so tired of see our men not going to school women out number us and they r becoming bosses while men r stuck in dead end jobs n drugs
Thanks for Following me ;) You may also follow Let us know if you need assistance. We are here to help. Thanks, LM
welcome & you're really pretty ! (:
Omlet for dinner>>>>
Everybody please come to the game tonight we need to win so we can host sub-state!
Of the 680 grads in the building, there's only one message on top of the cap - "This is for you Mom".
The crow discovers some panicled millet and flies rapidly in compliance with its discovery.
I lived too fast and I loved too much and I'll die too young but I chose this cup that I drank from - knew what I was getting in to.
In my personal opinion, My Damnation was one of the worst albums I've ever listened to. It sounded too rushed.
Watching the game, wishing we still had the double-threat in the pen/on deck
Thanks for the memories, Thanks for the Memories!!!
In the name of Kobe Bitch ass Bryant
Brave New World...?
Why Does It Have To #Rain ? -.- Ugly Day Today :-[<U+2665>
I went through her timeline, and she deleted all of her anti-gay posts. It's to the point where I wonder if I imagined it!
Faried reminds me so much of ben Wallace
Talkbiznow V2 will arrive in 8 days! The press isalready comparing us again to LinkedIn!
Thanks for the heads up Tonya!
I haven't either... but not sure if I could take the rejection if I were told no. ;)
I gotta sleep dawg
today's a bumday.
check out both my sites: www.killerphotgraphy.com and www.jordanancel.com
Back in Amurica.
I'm only going to be a freshman for 2 more weeks. This years gone by too fast.
Ha! Happy to oblige...
haha I know:D
right here sir...
Today's BTU inspiration: "Love what you do, do what you love." ~Zen Proverb
“: ...Proof that I am very longwinded.” Working at an ad agency would solve that problem ;)
Thank you! :D <3
Just said the same thing...would ditch a wife for Kelly Clarkson.
sometimes writing down whats on your mind helps something has got it running overtime :-)
Satisfy the deep subconsious needs of your customer-to feel important,to feel valued,respected and worthwhile. Brian Tracy
oh really? Cause I'm always laughing at both of you
Poets can, from time to time, can zero on something only they have to give....says Maria...
Franz Liszt has a way of making a Friday slog more sloggy by reminding me that I am not as good a pianist as him.
is looking for guests to be on our radio show. Special talent? Cause? Musician? Shoot us a message! Live from Columbus OH
How do you like it? More than Bwater?
your lips are sexy, beautiful and all in all, 100% real :-D
How fast did you speed it up????
Absorb what is useful. Discard what is not. Add what is uniquely your own. Bruce Lee
for him <3
Gonna stalk hmuuuuuuu
ohh just some girls talkin bout kissing!!!
PS I didn't actually fail
man i just saw this shit..... where were you at?
Organizers of "Students for More Testing" reportedly "surprised" no one attended last meeting.
My man floyd coming out with bieber man. Omg this is too rare, yes.
let me direct it mane!
The one I have up?
Don’t tell me the sky is the limit when there are Footprints on the moon…Join my business with me, lets soar together.
Its raw #fish mixed with an eclectic blend of spices and sauces served over white or brown #rice. Or even #springmix!
I love being in a great mood. <3
This Seems Like Some Intense Shit
You too!! Boxing, Back and Biceps today!!!
Looking forward to reading it. That guy is good too. Looks sharp, Lesh.
Grease Auditions held over~a final open call WEDS JUNE 1 @ St Josephs 703 Main Street, Pterson,NJ ages 8-21!call 9147511048
John Cena vs. John Laurinaitis at Over the Limit? What the.....
kellen disappeared along with all coverage of BSU---noon games on the Mountain Network suck
some1 Rted his video I think and i started to listen to him on youtube then i fell in love with him
AEX Tech Tips Episode 3: Installing a Single Point Sling Loop single point :)
I am proud to be a librarian!
: Just did a test run of #ToughMudder Wisconsin. Bruised and bloody. Hope you're ready..#seriously Let's do this thing!
|#quotes The trouble, in my opinion, with corporate America today, is that everything is thought of in quarters.
It would pretty much make my day if followed me. Again.
or talk to old ones.
congrats!! U r a rockstar!
lol ohh ! okay . why you headed to fl ?? ohh , wait , with staleyy ?
Hello babies. Welcome to Earth. It's hot in the summer and cold in the winter.
Finishing the movie about Gary Paulsen's book "Hatchet" Will start reading Paulsen's book "The River" on Monday
Happy Saturday everybody from SL!
KFC hot wings! =)
The episode of Friends when Rachael & Joey make out & she keeps smacking him, and Ross gets a spray tan is SO funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
It looks like some of my potatoes are ready for harvesting :)
you looked so amazing <3 #mybestfriend #perfection :)
Woot! Got your bbq sauce bib packed?
<U+FFFD>The social Web is incredibly good at shining bright lights into dark corners<U+FFFD><U+FFFD> Dave Evans
"The wise person delights in the truth and follows the law of the awakened. ---
I have found heaven! Cadbury's marshmallow & caramel creme eggs are even BETTER than the original. <U+E022>Thankfully, only bought 4 of them.
NiQue Live at The April 14th Raising Funds for Homeless Men & There Families!Lets Give a Hand to Man!
is killing it at earthday birthday right now! get it boys...
So my brother has a twitter account now and he said he aint gonna follow me. My reply was ok that's fine with me. haha
#shoelovers come get a pair of guie #fairtrade #handmade #shoes they go with everything!
"It's gut-check time," says Dan Rather "We are not in a post-racial age in our politics."
i really want a chicken caesar salad right now
you did great ! Keep your head up and brush it off come back stronger than before! (;
. is totally jelly of my I <3 Hanson bumper sticker.
uh well I guess downtown it might look similar but other than that there is nothing to do here like LA..no beach or anything
I meant winky but I think you got that <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
The #Fray may break Twitter.
Knife-throwing seems like a good skill to have.
right just a typo. What country you were born in can be tough to recite to someone
Happy Easter!! Wishing you a wonderful day with family and friends:)
ever notice how there is a distinct limit in the number of good movies to choose from? check out the library for a book or go to INDIGO TREE
We had a raidio interview this morning for Praise 940 AM, and now I just got a call from Channel 13!
yeah I do !! I need time with you
i think you spelled wrong ;-)
thats one time though, how many times has LeBron done it?
Now I REALLY want you to get your house. :)
you worked that space hat during Bloody Mary. Wurk.
IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS WE'LL BE IN DISNEY<333
just stay, dont go. cuz in the end we all end up alone.
Ugh my friend is making me hate black people more and more ever fucking day bc of what he doses
ahaha! I'll probably do that too! :]
If you're interested just come out & tell me! I'm not a detective. I'm not out looking for clues.
I thank you, Florence thanks you. They're both kinda blushing.
yeah, it almost seemed appropriate given the title.
Pitching coach Dave Duncan and hitting coach Mark McGwire stay with #Cardinals under new MGR Mike Matheny
Watching that peyton manning presser was like watching a reluctant couple break up on live TV.
really you think we give a shit get off his dick": Kanye leaves the country to see Kim in a white dress! ph
So true<3.
Josh Smith is going to shoot a 3 and miss now
I ran a marathon once and just barely beat a blind runner. :-)
Hi , we received your taster app, can you follow us so we can DM you for future events? Thank you!
Looking for an awesome Christmas wine gift? Sign your friends and fam up for the Plonk Wine Club! 4 bottles/month for just $69.99 plus...
That's it get it in my sister
I'm just not a social person in the morning.
This is like taking a picture of alex's mole!
Just watched the news. I feel so sorry for him. Pray for him yall
Spring Bulb Show runs through Apr 6th. $3/person. Thousands of blooms to see & smell!
At last, an editor is on InCopy CS5. After successful test with CS4 on small book and decent deadline, getting more ambitious. Wish us luck!
"So high I can taste the rainbow."
in the last months I locked myself in with a great producer in the industry. He has projects being released 2012. tell u more Details soon
Similarly FUEL says to families, make your destiny your own--save for college.
Gansler: Wants MD to become drug take back state, where you'd return old/unused rx to drug store, rather than flushing
Earthquake, wow. My unaugmented reality was having trouble with jitter and registration.
Who remembers that College Hill episode when that bitch got cracked in the forhead with a high heel and was bleeding everywhere? lmao
Happy St. Patrick's Day Everyone! Come into SACHE today wearing green to receive special discounts!
Thanks for the Follow Friday!
I wish I knew how you really felt about me.<3
« *Press a toy in the store* *won't stop making noises* Walk away, walk away.»
": Love #wifeswap" He was acting ape-ish.
i could ask him again, but he doesnt follow me so he may not see it, but i will try!
Mini Murrow reunion at Citi tonight!
This weekend definitely got the best of me! But it couldn't have been any more fun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> time to start these 40 hour work weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
LOL... That's all I ever run on!
oh my god you are #sosweet I #loveyou too girl!
Happiness is Five Guys Burgers.
I feel so lonly :/
CHUCK LOST MAD WEIGHT CUH
World Surveillance Group Appoints New Chairman of the Board of Directors
Welcome to D.C.! We are gonna have fun tonight at Marion St - see you soon!
#bristolpalin thinks children should have a mother and a ..........wait for it..... father. words. can't. come. choking. on. laughter
no problem(:
hahaha. Yes anything ;)
I, along with countless others, owe the willingness to explore my imagination to Maurice Sendak. RIP.
Second period
(: we have some good times!
If your BF/GF claims they never look at your twitter, just tweet "#TeamSingle" and wait about 3 minutes!
Did we ever find out what iPhone app is being used as a timer? Built-in? Must use for student presentations.
There was a time when I thought Cole was soft. Did not like the doggie backpack Cali attitude.
went to my 20th last summer. Kinda a waste of my time. Not to be judgey but most of them are still the same but old looking.
Is anyone else watching this? Pacers are opening a can of but-whomping on the Miami Heat. It's 26-11 in the 3rd.
I did nothing but listen to Justin's new single #BOYFRIEND all day at school. I can't stop listening to it. It's amazing. <U+2665>
- LA will always love the Shaq. Weren't you going to be a sheriff in Louisiana or something? What's the deal with that. hah
DMAA: Industry Under Siege: From lawsuits challenging “all natural” claims, to class actions alleging products are mislabeled, to sui...
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people may not regret divorce but see no need for revenge.
"Genuine Ken!!!" New episode today...
Name some names that are hobbies or occupations. I cant think of any!
Still no water balls. But still early. Very calm right now.
The first rule of rec league softball? Don't talk about rec league softball. #nobodycares MT Heard had 2 triples
Check that...children. Plural.
All I'd like is a pair of denim that fits me like a glove. That's all I ask.
Downloading my first free app from the blackberry fiasco. drivesafe.ly pro
i love it when u call me kanye too ;)
lol, aww, thanks for the #FF love! Glad to see you're keeping up with good ol' American sports. :)
yooo I'm in the mood to party let's have a house party.
a day with no shade is like a fat boy with out his midnight ice cream <3
My kids and I have a big interview tonight at 710 Talk Radio about the song, Santa's Littlest Elf Has Autism.
Yepp me and Austin and you and Brandon lol
Spurs got the sweep...
you had better learn lots today!
thank for the follow! If you need some z's let us know!
Wow. They were serious about closing my email account the day after my last day.
we be tearin it up breakin stuff that ghetto love :)
That sounds lovely!
Can't wait for Hannukah and Christmas , yes I celebrate both . I'm getting a new juicy sweat suit , <U+2665>
go to sleep :)
What are these "meters" you speak of?
I'm really annoyed this morning
I'm almost willin to put my money on the fact tht Gwyneth will be on the best dress list! But she took tht cape off when she presented. Smh
You should listen to some other music too! There's a big ocean of music out there
We're gonna need a bigger boat
Note to self; post midnight biscuit making=bad.
high five!
We play this Sunday at Arnetic in Deep Ellum. Come hang out with us! We play at 6. Super excited.
wow. real weird.
I miss the original scobby-doo
Woa, what a day. So glad its 5:15, 80 degrees out and heading home!!
We had a great morning of classes! Great job everyone!!
no problem.(:
Yes mam! Hope you had fun!
they're so eager for other communities to use it. Said they'd travel to do dog & pony show.
u know u found a #keeper when he gets up at 3am to pee and makes sure ur feet are all tucked in b4 he gets back in bed
no cuz some of them are ugly . . .
Go #RAMS “: Under 30 minutes before we tip off the first of two men's #mwbb semifinals! Up first vs.
did not forget!!! I miss u!!!
Thanks a ton for talking about us. Loved the video.
...and because I haven't made you fried rice yet?
Sweet Sixteen .. Texts would be appreciated
The officers in this case illegally entered a suspects home after he requested a warrant. Suspect put up a fight against officers, who then
glad got a twitter!! :))
Abuela got me a plain ticket to las Vegas with her in the summer<3 how can I say no!
Watching an interview with Jeffery Dohmer & his parents on MSNBC
trying to track NATO events and feeling twitterific.
Fun RT : It's #ThirstyThursday Go grab some cocktails and food at in the best place t
Never explain yourself to anyone...because the person who likes you doesn't need it and the person who dislikes you won't believe it...
Got confirmed :) out to mahzu now
I feel like death. Appropriate for halloween, I suppose.
We need to collab
did Ohio St write Bron a letter for losing in the Finals bc they haven't said one word about Ohio St. since
I can not believe I am actually excited to watch a mma fight. Go Mayhem!!'
. gets more referrals through Facebook than any other channel, says
I'm with $200 gets you a LOT of Cheez-its. #whatelsecouldyouwant?
10:30pm!!!!!!! good Lord help her make it thru the day AMEN.
no one will help me reach 1,000 so ya :(
Thanks for broadcasting our #manliness to the world!
Hey #BillsMafia, did ya hear that Trent Edwards was signed by Philly? Good luck With that Eagles fan.
": Our Universe was created on this day in 4977 B.C. Happy Birthday cosmic world <3 You're out of sight." Really?! Prove it :)
I realize that life is always going to be busy.. We just have to be sure that the things keeping us busy are things we're passionate about.
I hear that is joining us #digitaldeathday, but he overslept and is catching the train from SF.
MT : The stronger our EDA's r the more volunteers we'll have, the bettr financed,supprted,n preped our candidates will be
my barbershop girlgroup loves your show. They won't say the title out loud though. LOL. I will as I am a BCB. >:)
What are some great 'tax day' deals today? Anyone know anything good?
During the summer months, women in Haryana, India fetch up to 23 vessels of water per day.
hey billy!! can't wait for lab rats to air!!! :D
I'm already feeling the pain setting in from tonight's boxing class
Forgive me if I stutter from all the clutter in my head..
she wants to know if you think Lexi is really dead #imdead lol
with fresh fruit craving--I'm guessing Girl!!!!
Thanks for your tweets and coming to the sesh. Have a great wknd!
I have officially been out of the Marine Corps for 365 days. Damn it feels good!
On the day that I applied for the job as a corporate writer I brought along my English diploma.
- I am in no position to judge, we should be willing able to accept & respect one's chosen belief.
was awesome, the Capital looks like a #ladygaga cloning experiment. #TheHungerGames exceeded my expectations.
Class two mornings a week, nannying twice a week, pool with my besties, bbqs, adventures. I'm liking this summer routine a whole lot :)
I was loved by all #galaxy when I was chef. Never heard otherwise
Ph up 30-20 AT THE HALF on richmond Dunham with just 4
Call me maybe on the radio(:
I been smoking all fucking day and I'm still going
Did u know that until the 18th century, most French loaves were round? In 1770, long shapes began to appear & then the "Baguette" was born!
RT : Negative things are what you see when you aren't focused on your goals! FOCUS! > love it!
Well im supossed to be reding...but im not
it's not a good look,
Europe is on the verge of imploding. Are we next? The status quo will be our doom. Vote Freedom, Fee Market and Trade. Surrender to control
RT : I'll be ustreaming Sunday at 3 with info on the contest to perform at Hoot Fest 2012!!!
Have to catch my flight this morning at 7:30
I can't believe in exactly 1 month it's Christmas!
I am glad to hear that Clay. If it were me I would have bitch slapped someone by now.
Last night at E-Villa was fantastic! So many beautiful people!! Don't miss our first Latino Night tonight. Dress to impress.
According to this magazine, red is an oil wow
they want u
RT I have to agree with you! Y&R's dumbest blonde for sure lol: Man sharon newman is thee dumbest woman on earth.
couldn't have said it better if I tried. That could be your bumper sticker, a warning to all who cross your path!
A website is one of the best ways for small businesses to compete successfully with older or more established rivals.
oh fuck !! I give up you win now mary me please
Has anybody figured out yet that the #Flyers did not spend their money wisely when they signed Bryzgalov? 8 more years of this? Ouch!
leaving Florida is like losing your Teddy bear.
so glad you could be a part of it!! So much talent here in Chicago. :-)
Perfect Sunday morning for a ride....
This Asian/latina girl Jessica rocks! She needs to win #AmericanIdol. Happen to change channel and see her!
@ “AllHailKegasus” Are centaurs any good at bocce?
Hadn't heard about this app. It looks really good. Thanks!
hey thanks for all the support ! i think we'll be coming through AZ sometime in march...
Girls be loving this GODIVA chocolate over here !
For some reason, I always get Sandra Oh and Margaret Cho mixed up.
Haha , dude ! They look so alike &&' cute :)
Lusting after an immaculate aquamarine 65'Thunderbird I saw at the car show yesterday..so much fun to sing and play at those events.
no problem, have a good day
Watching high school/college themed movies, thinking to yourself..."This stuff never happens."
what it do Killer??
Thank you for the #FF!
Where's the link?
Wish I could have a decent seat to see but won't let me have A seat... Lots of angry folks
I wish Pryor would have left instead of coach. What a dumb ass he is, showing up to coaches farewell I'm a new 30K car. Mo sense
You are invited to tour and taste at brewery in downtown Indy and visit #LocalsUnderground tent next 5 days
dude me too. It's a simple rule: if you drink, do not drive. I've never understood that.
I arrived at 5:00pm PST but I had to do stuff before I went to bed, so I didn't get enough sleep. How was conference for you?
i just tweeted it :3
Did you know? Warda was born Warda Fatouki to an Algerian father and a Lebanese mother in France in 1939.
thanks cuzzo! You're the best! Love you much!
Single :: a man who makes jokes about women in the kitchen.
Last night I went to the Frank Caliend red carpet premiere (pics to follow) and tonight performing with Norm MacDonald at House of Blues.
Gr8 redevelopment quote on fb page "take local funds from our neighborhoods and pump them into the bureaucratic black hole"
Ppl quick to speak ur name but You knw ion give no fuck
Challenge to reframe | MT : Challenge or opportunity? "Medical orgs shifting from 'patient' to 'consumer' orientation"
Finally re-watching Nolan's Following. Lots of fun.
good season guys. it's over now.
thanks! we're glad you enjoy BrewcCityBites :)
you're all annoying today, ok?
Promo shoot with #AF-100 this week with #Zeiss primes. Sweet! Also worked in a
Win or lose I'm proud to be a Tiger fan!
:( I bet you were wonderful with them...
I was wrong to grow older. Pity. I was so happy as a child. Flight to Arras.
Have a wonderful day!!!
Oh my god Dakota is so cute(;
I am but I dunno if I wanna help u lol...what's the problem lol
We love the idea behind ! You guys should check them out
An intelligent, stunningly beautiful, athletic, good moral, gal
SUV Crash Site on Safety Watch List The stretch of the Bronx River Parkway where an SUV flew over a guardrail and killed a family of seve
Romney wants you to know his house elves all have legal documentation.
They identify the topic of a discussion/chat. They also signal you're trying to start one. Twitter uses them to track popular talk
My tumblr follower :-)
they must really like your hair lol :D
Apparently pregnat women still qualify for mothers day presents. Thanks a lot, where were you on that one Twitter?
RT : Duck Race today in Broad Ripple - buy your ducks 12-2:30 at the Fire Station!
The most important conversation you'll ever have is the one you have with yourself.
$state issues
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for power of attorney documents.
Thank you for being awesome!
you have a big fat lesbian crush on me
where was i when yall were taking that pic
Phuket <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>with the two girls I love the most
I just took the FINAL in my fist class of the semester
Betty White's "Off Their Rockers" is hilarious. I love Betty White! :-)
that place is unreal
I hope folks had a nice Thanksgiving, and that everyone survived Black Friday and Cyber Monday and all that stuff.
well im getting ready for may 11 in houston for legacy fc and eric has had some offers but i really dont know
Strill would love to have someone read about 10 pages of a piece (non-cricket parody of Scooby-Doo) and get some feedback.
6 weeks left to order your tickets or provide a donation for our 'Safari Night's to help support building a medical clinic
I don't usually dress up, but when I do, I look damn good.
Time to take another move up the Steps Tourney for a seat to the WSOP Main Event. I really feel this is my year at poker.
I think her butt got hungry and ate her shorts
RT : If Obama only just told Zardari that OBL had been killed, what does that say about civilian control of Pakistan?
is that how TW bills?
Heading down to Baltimore and DC for national VLA conference tomorrow! What should we tell everyone about the Philly arts scene?
I Need To Clear My Mind!
Only a Red Sox fan knows the sweet, succulent joy that is hearing Jerry Remy's voice coming from the broadcast booth.
All's I'm sain, is: When did solid food become mangiata non grata?
I am just not all that keen on smoke coming out of your head...
Water is falling from the sky!!!
I just drove past a billboard that said "f**k entertainment"......I know who's going to be running my birthday party...;)
Madonna is a senseless choice for the SuperBowl halftime show. Was Cher unavailable?
New episodes of . on . Of course it's the weekend I have to work.
sure! send me the info. :)
So sick of all the clouds and coldness! xP
Happy Mother's Day to all Mexican Mother's. =]
#SomethingIDislike when people put there food on my plate/reach in my food,
Gulf oil leak is a serious issue for Lousiana and New Orleans! God Bless NOLA!
Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
Twitter... What's up tonight?
Happy Birthday Tmoneyy$(:
Based on radio stations I would say Sacramento and the Jersey Shore have similar nightlife.
#friday what will YOU do?
Easter dinner with Family Friends and Guest at the Restaurants! With A Tasty Smile!
One Direction Stole Our Hearts <U+2665> #Morethanthis :)
the site looks awesome so far! i'm excited for the fall!
I feel like dying
I just read all your tweets. You're totally right. Agreed on ever single thing you said!
it's not like ima get something in return.
I got your back bro! Will be cheering!
Impressive hustle by J.Hill!
Str8 Like that!!!!
You dont know your beautiful <3
mine either lol I'm so bored too
thanks becca I really liked using Wix! good way to present!
Not what I wanted to hear. MT : Teague wins or loses game. As Louisville heats up press, his decisions will determine outcome.
#Ducks sweep #Trojans in baseball with a 6-3 win, take a 3 game lead over #Wildcats in conference! What don't the Ducks kick ass in?
got wasted there never ate.
. OMG they have a tape recording of Mayor Sanders at private meeting saying some bad bad things...
Our special thanks to U all for following us! Keep smiling! :-)
that basset hound was
On top of the world by produced by yours truly is a classic!!
: hey Raja, I'm a big fan! I'm a bass player in NYC, and friend of and Hope to see you in NYC soon!
Bumpiest flight ever! Yikes! Back is killin me..lost my voice..AMAZING trip tho! Ready for my bed, to blast my heater n turn off my ringer!
tornado in Cbus reported 8 min ago
#thatoneguy who just likes to be with his girl and see her, will always be the happiest and have the best relationship
At Booked for the Evening at St. Catherine University!
Sending all kinds of good energy to as she defends that BIG paper. You go Shavonne. So proud
i really like / #MariachiElBronx and thank goodness for heavy metal rules
Congratulations to Adele she is really extremely talented
cant help but cry over one of howard shore's scores from hugo.
haha I know but what's weird is that I didn't do anything I just looked on twitter one day and he had followed me. :)
can you DM me FASTER !
He's a real good kid.
It's been a min since I did some public speaking
I saw your dress and my jaw dropped... Haha, I miss you too Chuck ! Quit swerving on a nuckaa.
Damn tonight Is gonna be crazy I am performing with dev, jason derulo, jerimiah, 50 cent, jump smokers, riz, and a whole lot more!
Did you go get your free #BSHU hoodies in Dundalk
I had my eyes on ya lol
now I do ba dum tiss
You too!!! Love u <3
what time did u go?:)
Reynolds is the worst everyday player in the majors.
follow and please :D x25
Good to know that as long as "Rich Girl" by Hall & Oates exists, my enemies will never have to resort to waterboarding me.
MLK had an amazing way with words. People keep quoting him but hearing him say it makes all the difference
Tough loss for my boys last night. Still very proud of all your hard work and success this season!
Ah, this is all VERY GOOD. Shows us how people really want to MAKE stuff!
what are your plans for tomorrow?
no joshua.
MT : In US, Bibionid flies r known as Lovebugs b/c of their extremely long copulation. In Australia name=F*ckflies.
I dislike u before I even met u. How that happen?
Off-Road Tri? or Road Tri?
Let me clarify, I support Bo Ryan and ALL THE OTHER COACHES that have restricted players transfer locations. So I support all NCAA coaches.
They don't sell alcohol on campus so I suppose since I don't drink pop I'll use it as my alcohol
really? Why?
hope the rest of your auditions today went as well as ours!
does anyone know if that's a legit acct?
New Judas Priest album in the next year? Yes, please!
Well, you should start tweeting about cricket. The greatest gift to world civilization.
Are you excited about coming to Spain on October 6th?
It has been a while , this is one of the busiest months , so many thing to do so little time , I wish they were more hours in a day .
jaflkjakfjasfjal this always happens to me you guys ajfljweiowfwe rawr
lol.... You crack me up. Do you think it's going to be a good seller?
Last nite was fun but ima try keeping on the dl for a while now.
Yeah, the SWP runs the show in Britain. there can be no doubt about that
ha ha
chill yooo girl is apart it so shtup
May need to temporarily block until she stops talking about / showing pics of homemade Thin Mints
just heard the new single yesterday. Sounding great bro!
We all have that one person we would take back in a second, no matter how much they hurt us in the past.
My project is done and turned in. Smooth sailing from here on out for the rest of the semester
Chris brown ugh so cute !
Okay, I'm a little freaked out by this. Does anyone believe that this is going to help?
did you have fun last night at the Esquire Event?
#LMSunSIG what about touch? From unkeynote
Welp electricity is out. Guess I'll light some candles and play some indoor soccer.
Merry christmas! :)
Happy national dance week! Oh. And may the fourth be with you!
The last thing I feel like doing after a long day of therapy sometimes is TALK!
Has anyone read STARBOARD SEA. I thought it was pretty good.
Skip Clueless RT : And in Skippy's world, Tim Tebow is a great QB but Aaron Rodgers is overrated. What a weirdo.
A long long time ago, in a Midwest state far away, a myth was born.
What time you working? RT : At Bobby Sibley I got u
I can typically handle my 2 year olds shows, but Alvin & the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked is nauseating as shit. Thank God Jason Lee is Dave.
Thanks! It was great meeting you too!
M biRria & cHaVeLaS...! love the diversity 0f my faMiLy....!!
#Jogging on the beach + listening to #Aerosmith = #Heaven!!
Ill Be Gone For A Few Months, Not A Few Years.. Don't Touch My Shiittttttt! -__-
True, and that's the choice some other libraries make.
I absolutely LOVE this: "Your writer's block may not be a stop sign. It might just be a slow light" - Roberts Rules of Writing
Now on to Hail to the Thief.
you wen't to the pomona show and didn't say hi ?!
dude ima fuckan cry :( we need those tickets.........
Look at you all up in the Twitters these days. :)
bout to step in the building
In Hidden Valley, childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch dressing.
--Thank you very much!
My printer just woke from sleep mode with a huge toner.
seriously jumping out of my pants in anticipation of the schiaparelli/prada exhibit at the met. who's coming with??!
Battle of the two shadows. DJ Shadow vs. Twin Shadow.
. in defense of "slacktivism" as a gateway drug to activism #innact [supplements to activism; same as "consciousness-raising"]
thx for the follow...I look forward to your tweets! Looks like you have a baby on the way as well?? Congrats! Keep in touch ;)
Funny how no matter how old you get you still have to come out to people. Got the BIGGEST hug today from the latest :) <3
Why the Heat will win: Boston = too old, rest of the East blow, Lakers = maybe 2 yrs ago, OKC = 2 yrs from now, Spurs = maybe 10 yrs ago
If you are in Berlin tonight, join me, Torsten Goods, Phil Steen and Peter Gall at Berlin's hippest jazz club, A-Trane. I am having a...
k lo k brah tranki making music to el dia...
#NFB THE ONE N ONLY REAL #R&B EVERYBODY #FOLLOW THIS TALENTED GUY. #TEAMR&B
RT : Happy Dyngus Day! Head over to the Polish Triangle today for Easter Monday festivities. We'll be open at 3.......
Agree bro!
I can't taste ur car insurance.
Dedication: CHRISTINE C. MORAN, Love you Oma!
What is the best, quickest way to keep up with the news.
and i have no wake n bake for the morning.. eff you see kay
“: Those tweets were dedicated to YOU !! Every last one”
Not feeling it today... current position is "jack of all services, master of none," and I hate not having all the answers.
currently watching bgc
And you know where u will be!! RIGHT NEXT TO ME SIS!!!“: It's your time and I can't wait to stand in your wedding..”
then u good
If your coming into eat tonight, buy me a corona to celebrate #cincodemayo !
#Vlogging w/ Home Brewed's & eye candy Peter Marr today...which sounds dirty, but just means video blog.
csn but it's not on the guide
It doesn't permanently solve any problems, but it makes thing more acceptable for awhile
Blues guitarist, singer, and pianist Henry “Mule” Townsend was born October 27, 1909, in Shelby, Mississippi.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.- Muhammad Ali
This lady is just talking to me about some bullshit lmao!
Gonna be mom the taxi driver tonight but tomorrow night is mine #cantwait (Bart Scott)
“: Drunk sex or high sex??”. High sex
- yes, but the Giants are just plain coming home. Sad.
Have you ever seen the invisible man? No? Me either.
My dad's fighting Cancer we're huge wrestling fans I was wondering if we could get an autographed picture or something of u
One of these days, I WILL go to Nando's with (:
lmao I swear you won't! But oh my were have you been pall!?
#RVAgptw Snaggers play to their strengths, getting the stuff they're not as good at off their plate, Shawn Boyer CEO
Thanks Brooke!
thank u so much dude. I really appreciate that. Ps: I haven't forgotten...just got distracted...
S\O to all my ff . Showing real love. Thank you for sticking by my side now its my time to shine. Have a great day everyone
Oxygen 4 Energy Business call tonight! Date Wednesday, March 21st Time 9 PM Eastern Time Conference Call #: 712-432-3066 Access Code: 970467
well it's complicated but I'm trying really hard to!
I'm praying for you every day. In the end there will be "great joy" and God will be glorified.
Hellyes! Just booked another VO gig!
What kind of drug test did you get at Target?
I'm liking this Atlanta's team ability to deal with adversity. What do you think?
Strawn is a very engaging speaker
Love that movie.:-)
We have a new server ready - vpn-wn2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Oslo Norway (mywebhost.no).
How can you have a great future if you can't make one day great? All your future is, is an accumulation of todays.
You can't say it to my face cuz you a #coward!!
Thanks! I'm flattered.
fire is my favorite song!
Its here! REVO San Diego is tonight!!!
My baby Prod looked soo cute :)) Well, all of them did :)
Need a laborer to move dirt next week
COME ON MY GARDEN FAITHFUL!!!! MAKE SOME DAM NOISE!!
Let them keep talking! It's nothing but Motivation! Won't stop the Grind and they'll see come playoffs.
“: The magical power of bacon”
Rome wasn't built in a day and neither are relationships.
Getting ready to deliver my sermon which is one of the last requirements for my 2 year Ambassador Bible Training Program..
Are you at #TED? I'm so jealous.
I will lol think he should drop out
ESPN just said " you gon learn today" lmfao
Haha. Touché sir. RT : And right after you tweeted the Cupcake ATM link...
Hope this game finished by 9pm b/c it's #downtownabbey tonight on !
gas isnt cheap doe lol plus theres nowhere to drive to, ive been everywhere around here.
Happy Birthday, Soony Saad. A goal on your #SportingKC debut. Have some meat from
I KNOW! Fucking sucks. Alcatraz was just getting going too.
Thanks for RT! He is a good kid.
Live every week like it's Shark Week
Sunday Salsa Classes at Just Dance Studio: Beginner; Int.:15pm; Adv.:30pm!
That "FAIL" moment when you're trying to pull up the covers & you punch yourself in the face. #lol yep, just happened..
Today's agenda: organize the audition for Jess. From scheduling to figuring out what scenes they get to read for us. Fun!
Congrats today! Your deal is kicking butt! Guess MKE loves their pizza...
I can
Have you tried the hero mode on Skyward Sword yet?
Ant wait for ABDC later on!!! #BoyzAreBack :D but sad to know that one of the crews has to go :(
"Whenever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindess."
haha sweet! I will try my best to bring some back from Florida!
Send me a DM with your Roku serial number and I'll get you the update
How about some defense boys?!!
S/O 2 ALL THE STRIPPERS!!! (NEW MUSIC/LIVE FOOTAGE) ASHSTEN JAMES MARIAH "remix": via
I like Rory but I'm hoping D.A. Points can pull this one off
celtics/heat game. You?
made breakfast, got dressed, and studied all before the sun came up. Who am I..?
Its kinda hard to tell..
Haha. *I* know. But others might infer that you guys're having a technology-opposed child.
The Peanut Patch offers great hope for those who live in fear of a serious allergic reaction to foods. urlm.in/hufn
Thanks for retweeting. That was really nice :)
"It's a marathon, not a sprint." Thank goodness for that. :)
: info overload=normal case of intellectual life since the 1500s when ppl gained access to more bks than could be read in a lifetime
loved the throw back to James Brown!
Love is a dream that comes alive when we meet.
If last night was any indication of how tonight is going to go, Dallas may not survive us.
It started working again. I signed up and I'll give it a shot tomorrow. Looking foward to it.
#Vinning Love Jersey Shore Glad Is Back!
“It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty
Right when I saw Denver come out like that in the first, I knew it was over. Those mocking how they came out were silly!!!
The Chicago Bulls is hosting Phoenix Suns tonight at the United Center. We are left with some limited game tickets so call now: 888-493-0004
Wide awake and ready for a morning run! Let's go!
Has someone already started compiling all the #newplay season diversity stats happening in various U.S. communities?
!get crazy on aaron.tv video cam shuffle
I think you are probably right about that. I wonder what percentage properly attributes their policies?
wondering if waiting to work on grant proposals until AFTER bourbons with friends was a good idea...
#soupoftheday at the Village is lentil w/parmesan & tomato w/parmesan. all other NYC locations have split pea w/croutons & tomato w/parm
#College professor–someone who talks in other people’s sleep
Spirituality, I have come to see, is nothing less than the thoughtful love of life
LUCKY! Lol RT I'm drinking oneright now:) lol RT : bitch u got feminine ways MIMOSA!
Thanks for the retweet.
The Silk Tie likes Tay! We are tie superstars in training, any advice? thesilktie.com
JV Sells Retail Greenway Commons to Cole Real Estate
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
I'm not calling you slow, but are you sure your grandparents aren't siblings?
no full time positions right now, thanks anyways Cindy!
I am only a couple thousand followers behind Considering that no one knows who I am, that's pretty good lol
RT : Central Catholic at Jesuit: Jesuit wins toss, elects to receive; Central will defend west end to start the game.
you already know(;
sorry, it is not. But we do have more vegan specials coming to comet soon.
happy to hear it! Be sure to come and see
OH: "Everyone has a blog in the Star Wars universe."
NyQuil makes me hallucinate.
I love my BRADFORD BAD BOI
I really should be getting up, but laying in bed nude feels so good.
RT : need to stay musically informed?? follow >>>
Well, do you? If so, do share!
Bless up fam! Follow Back
WOOHOO! one hour til ustream ,IM NOT EXCITED OR ANYTHING(; 1st one i actually get to watch.!
Goodness! Talk about tossing and turning! Take it easy, you!
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
There is a 3 year old at work who thinks her name is Princess Katie Butterfly...
same here Alex! Hope you feel better!
you're like the 10th person on my list that's been hacked...so I knew not to click the link.
About to take a nap and then finish getting the house in order ;)
make mm (:
what happened?!
playing hooky and going to
Wishing it was draft day - can't wait to see who the #Cavs get. Irving, Barnes, Sullinger....Bob Sura?
Yes he does... a 7 pound mountain lion... who pounces on Abby ever chance he gets... he's a trip.
What if a dream was reality? And reality was a dream? Ain't as complicated as it seems
Planning meeting with the Dell team about the future of technology and education.
We are hearing rumors that Houston Nutt is a candidate to be the next head coach at Memphis.
Well, I just found out I won an AP Award. Would've been nice to know about BEFORE the ceremony but WTF
Gargled Listerine into my eye this morning. Sadly this was not an isolated incident.
#ifonlyyouknew how bad I want to kiss you right now
yea, coulda done without the details. Cops wrangled someone, so we're moving again.
HEY MIKE SHOUT OUT SENT U A DM!!!!!!!
Jordan zimmermann dropped the big f bomb in the dug out lol
Good to know! RT : Taste as good as they look!
add #ClassicCiccone to our list of hashtags for Thursday.
I just want to go to 7th and 8th period.
Do it to it Zander!!!!!
#goodmorning, have a great day one and all.
HAWKS MAKE BLOCKBUSTER TRADE: Mo Evans, Bibby, and one of the Crawfords to the Wizards for Kirk Hinrich plus something else.
Andre 3000 or Eminem?
Jukeboxes are ruined by people with bad taste. These girls don't wanna hear your awful songs. Not to mention anyone else who has eardrums
I'm such a rebel
Let help with you #API strategy! Our developer network will bring about innovation so you can focus on internal biz gls!
I drunk dialed Netflix. I feel like shit now.
im bored
Thanks so much. So glad someone reads them!!
I'm going to class
at buttons ft worth tonight. Come out and have a drink and a good time.
Great day at the #Pasadena Showhouse! Even in the rain....it was beautiful!!
Thank you!!
That kind of passion is so powerful! Thank you for sharing - will definitely read!
oohh! that's a good one. Especially when people say it instead of typing it!
Thanks Steve!
#WeirdFactAboutMe I honestly eat cheese all the time! Shredded or straight off the block hahahaha
THANK YOU THANK YOU!
Waiting on my girl to come home I'm finna beat her pussy up up up up up up up... GOODNIGHT WORLD
Roll one. Smoke one.
“ In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected for good luck” I'm not alone
Ever see someone who looks like a meat head? They just have that persona about them
May all your ups and downs come only in the bedroom.
That's the second suggestion for that place! I think we have a winner :)
chillin my boy u
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time. ~ Thomas Merton
Went to sleep early last nite and missed all my shows smh
drinks soon?
My life be likee u a u
This dog is AWESOME!!!!
not a problem! Glad you liked the ideas.
Would you date a fan?
Every time I here this song I want you make me think of him
Does Pintsize ever dream?
the ways in which literature contributes materially to society by producing and reproducing agency and engendering social change.
Back in Chicago, time to start thinking about ALA Annual in New Orleans!
My grandma asked me what i'm doing tonight. I said nothing. So she said for me to get a life -___- she's so sweet.
thanks!! you too!!
watching MLB network and they put a lot of stock in players stats against certain teams, does this matter?
If I find the link I totes will snag you a pair! :D
ya never know. I like his angles
I've got 3 $15 Gift Cards to give away! Visit our Facebook page and click "Like" for more information! #Lexington, #Sweet16, #LexKy,
Its so amazing all the wonderful and talented people I have met because of this little magazine....I feel blessed. :)
At the Prudential Ctr watching the #NJDevils ice Washington
someday a use will come for your domain. I need to get one just in case I ever feel like starting a site.
sure, drop me an email at pjudge at barracuda dot com
wow thanks
yea thanks
nope, totally normal. Any toilet paper related rage is 100% acceptable.
Concourse B just got shut down at #BWI....any answers? Hubby said they just evacuated everyone!
when's the last time we hung out!??
I hate the effing airport. All I ever have time to do in an hour long connection is run to my flight and get super sweaty.
That's awesome!
I just woke up from a nap, rolled over and was sleeping next to a baguette. WTF.
Just slept for 14 hours, haha. I definitely needed that, and I don't feel sick any more. :)
OH SNAP BAD EDITING IS BAD. Thanks for the catch though
not any more
Hm. My tweet this morning didn't make it to my status on FB. Testing 1 2 3
"guys lets pretend we live in a house on Stratford"
Yeah. Key thing: backup your phone's contacts and data! Their too easy to lose.
let's talk about BLACK legislators across the country targeting Blk boys! Sagging pants laws are Unforgivable!
Thanks for the support for tonight's show!
The world belongs to the energetic.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened.s
Dead tired plus doing a double today ... GG
I should call it a night, but fuck it I can't resist.
Hah! Design comedy! (and touché, nicely played.)
Who wants to buy the digital download of American All Star almost two weeks before the cd is available? Hehe, cuz I know how you can! ;-)
It was so sad today when my class and i were picking a graduation song :( i'm going to miss them so much!
Taking in a little scenery at Fashion Valley. For no good reason. Wallet: stay in purse!!
“: wow! Thankyou! Can't wait for the concert” <<<We're stoked!
Chuck Norris produces enough testosterone to power the entire state of New York four times over.
Um, just asked me where the SF Giants play. DUH SAN FRANCISCO!!!!!!!!!!
im am a little bit too. indy is riding high from game 2 and made that comeback and keeping this lead
#aintnothinglike the Holidays every year.
Why did I get crushed by & on #Power Alley today cause put her head in front of a foul ball?
shut up lol.. I have Four Square and when i check into a place it puts it Via Facebook and Twitter
lol.. I aint got live yet cuz my internet off...
Words are Powerful.. If you don't mean what u say you shouldn't speak..
hola! Are you coming to the EdLab party on Tuesday night? We'd really like to see you!
funds money to fight against equality marriage & GLBT rights.
Happy Birthday! Own that shit.
Good ones! Thanks!
I mean such characters!!!
Cayenne pepper supplements are nothin' to play with! Eat a full meal with this supplement
Thank you for your work in pet hospice--so needed...think I've told you we have a hospice partner in Pueblo, but hoping for more!
done. also corrected username. thingsifind out now will be compiled here: www.delicious.com/happywinter
I don't know half of these fuckers on this Award show. Who the fuck are they.
&i thought my parents were scared to leave me alone -HOME AlONE
Perfunctory analysis: Queen likes G minor, a lot.
While I dislike VY, obviously if he plays, I hope he plays great. Just not a fan. Afraid of "1st progression, covered, run"
Cake day!
Fantastic pod cast with the most adored ! Had a blast listening to you guys. Loved Ralph input too! More please!
One freaking minutes...!!!
Today is #Innotech #Austin , who all brought old cell phones to donate to #advantix has the early lead in most donations
that guy used to come into houses in the Breese Ter area all the time. A buddy once chased him down and tackled him, he was arrstd
- Excited to hear more about DEMO Africa in October~!
whenever I can get the room!
My love my heart is breathing for this
I just hit my twitter follow limit of 2000.
I'm at the University of Maryland Human Computer Interaction Lab for on twitter backchannels at scientific conferences
Steve Jobs got the blue screen?!?!?!
#lessambitiousbooks Who the Bell Tolls For
Enjoy the sunshine!
It is by his deeds that a lad distinguishes himself if his conduct is pure and right. - Proverbs 20:11
About Uniqueness of Anti Glare Screen Covers...www.droidax.com/anti-glare-screens.php
u going to game tomorrow?
#AustinTo700K :D x <-- Last tweet before I go charge my phone. Mahomies, we can do this. KEEP TWEETING. <3 -much love-
RT if u thnk taylor swift is the bestiest in tha world
GOP Votes Yes to Contraception for Wild Horses, No for Women www.rhrealitycheck.org
that's so true, like omg, lmao! (: <3
This guy was just walking through the city parking lot going "FUCKING Hartford."
This party is dead. My dear, I cannot make it come alive and I have no one to stay here for....
She died on my birthday.. <U+E40F><U+E401>
It’s better to enrich than to be rich – InSpotter mobile app
RT "The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page."
agree & rec. my exp is from Fall and Spring just exp not that many undergrads new about. Graduates diff story. my experience.
i could really use a smile right now.
oh no! :( maybe we will see you next saturday at ?
Thanks for including me in your Paper.li today - nice to be among such great media minds!
Definitely getting sick :( at least I remembered socks today!
Thanks Malc! Glad you like it!
you are so awesome
The Possibilities are Endless! Start working on your Possibilities today!
RT : Gonna need a lot of PLAYOFF TEAGUE here , Atlanta. Which means you're going to give us Iso Joe.
Pirates get bases loaded, with no outs in the 6th...and don't score. Top of 7: Still 1-0 Houston.
What are your feelings on the Oxford Comma?
Thanks Debra! Much appreciated
I promise, I'll be spreading the word 'bout you guys... and NewYork is waiting... <3
lets go #Yanks!
"I hope my girlfriends pick a good restaurant b4 the show this time. They have diabetes & heart problems & it's like they don't even care"
a little dog is snoring in my ear
#SuperTuesday next week! interesting #news tonight about & !
Sounds awfully familiar, doesn't it? sigh.
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
Blake Griffin...just do that
Such a big bed.../: No one to share it with... *hug pillows*/:
Have questions for or on the #MomKlout webinar? Chat them to us in the webinar chat feature.
Want to hear the joke about the vacuum? Nevermind...It sucks.
cool, I haven't seen The Vow yet. I was on my way to satisfy a Cheetos craving ;-)
it's only been 4months lol
Amazing night in Montreal last night...sold out corona theatre w/ 800 people!! Also epic post show DJ party thanks to
You Can't Guard Kobe...
This time. Ima really hurt no threats
Why didn't we have powder puff this year? Ask Corradini
I'm hungry!!!
hope you have a great time. Drive safe.
TOO Funny about Unsung...
Just realized its my last night as a teenager...
Tito Carrillo quintet record release at the Green Mill!
oy! yes! noticing the perfect devil is the first step to recovery - yet not focusing on her
Mann we suck
Thanks for the follow! So many of you are our valued guests, great to connect via twitter and find out what you're all up to!
ITS ON!RACHEL & KRISTIN TB&B 2010 EXTRAVAGANZA!WANNA COME!?ONLY COOL PEOPLE NEED APPLY! LOL
Just saw someone's pic and now.....I am wanting some #wafflehouse. But u can only eat WH at night....that's just the rule! Lol
GRAND OPENING!!! All poker products and accessories up to 75%. come see our store. www.eproducts4less.biz
more importantly, what's up with #rum ham ?
It's definitely better lol. RT : I never fucked with direct deposit but they say it's better then a live check.
if that's your thing, then remember that I also accept
#swag is for boys #class is for men
I don't love you. I loved the person I thought you were.
Always forgive your enemies. Nothing annoys them more.
iA Writer is definitely my preferred way to take plain old typed notes on iPad. Tested satisfactorily all day at #edcampphilly (farewell)
Anybody that has written me about certain family members having major mental problems you are so correct.Gifted and still cant figure it out
lmao I forgot which movie I got that from, and shut up no your not. So...make any new beats?
Finance, PBS at loggerheads over estimate for GDP growth
Special thanks to our guests on The Shakedown tonight! Cold Steel Tested, Philo Beddoe & Anonymous Willpower! rochesterbuzz.com.
Just saw a guy driving a hog... In crocs
Lucky girl! We love that book. And chocolate bunnies!
I Don't care about anyone
lmfao that's to much
Oracle and the End of Programming As We Know It - Dr. Dobb's
If you really want something, go and get it. It will rarely arrive on its own.
Hi Boo!
Well I slept for eight hours now and i don't know what I'm going to do all night.
No klout, I am NOT influential about cats. Stop it. I'm not a spinster!
Careful, gents. This could get out of hand! :)
nothing wrong with a suite
Student trip to DC: “: Made Mr. Smith reference number one: "LOOK, LOOK ... The Capitol Dome!" #vvmsgov”
I had the magic #Sombreros but I couldn't 'click' it! HELOOO
yep! Work on the new album has officially begun!!
good seats!
LOL that's funny, just for that, Imma go cough and sneeze all over vero next time I see her. And the rest will be history :P
Hey everybody love talking to you but i Like my good friends have Final exams love you all ttyl
Q5 School outreach before the summer starts. Lots and lots. Once the summer starts, all is lost. Q5
Am I the only one who thinks should produce #smash in real life? The "book" is amazing!!
#ThingsUglyPeopleShouldntHave a cocky attitude.. get real.
can't wait to visit!
happy birthday :)
Of course not! He's the King! #MakeMoneyMoneyMoney #RigSoHard RT : I guarantee LeBron wouldn't have gotten a 1gm Suspension
To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education
companys need to send email notice when they auto$, especially on annual fees. 10 bs mails a month trying to sell to me, but no note for $.
Give thanks with a grateful heart!
ha! I love it. Sore??
To the Union!!! RT : Maybe you should take a nap.
I haven't done pandora in so long!
my sons sings "crazy the Lord" instead of "praise ye the lord" lol. Cute kids.
going to help my little sister get ready for prom!!!
talking about cleaning up data with Google Refine
Just maxed bench press @ 205lbs.....HELL FUCKIN YEAH!!!! I'm comin BACK :)
exactly! That would be a cool half billion cash option!
Got the tire off, wow it was cold out. Have to get it fixed
ThMorUKno: cprevtwts “Pythagoreans&Philo said all reality is ordered & expresses itself n patterns of 7” So, 7 days, Sabbath=cosmic order.
yes, but what if I had an *extra* eight hours a day?! ;) It would be amazing! Bwahaha How can I make this happen? lol
happy birthday..
oh word that's crazy I never got it
The Jersey Boys cast is here tonight!
im at the library im moving tomorrow
I know how bout #Bron against the #NETS #POW RT he hoopin
RT : Excited to be attending the Colorado Sports Hall of Fame banquet tonight. Next year we need to be inducting some...
When choosing a LASIK surgeon, make sure they are thoroughly trained in the techniques and science behind laser surgery!
Do they use eels? RT : What do you guys think? RT : Is it possible for a shark to floss its teeth?
Still cleaning decomposed granite out of my clothes, thanks to
Edward Cullen,i love you!!!
In Finlayson, Minnesota at Waldheim resort. www.waldheimresort.com
A7: There is need for grad courses in #SPED w/ focus on data collection. Teach teachers: how/why data is important
I hit her up, I say what up? She says the sky. I say whats good? She say McDonalds apple pie
I'd luv 2 hear it
Follow Back La Trese
WOWIE! Congrats to on their seed funding w/ Harmonix founders. Go Boston start-ups!
Happy Tuesday!! Have you been keeping up with everything going on about Healthcare Reform??
your Mixtape hot!
#oomf is almost like pleading the fifth..
RR : : I have the best mom ^.^ she sends me texts saying she loves me <3”
"people are stupid, especially teachers." lol, charley they've taught you everything you know, so.
Congrats - you're the winner of giveaway! Please DM me for details!
Collectors probably know how 2 buy them thru broker for an additional fee? Watch for TV commercials. Kids luv dinosaurs.
Get up get up get outta my head, and fall into my arms instead
I'm not the 1st to say it but it's so true that I must reiterate its importance: the best part of cooking is the wine. (Drinking it, duh.)
eh, I'm restless and it was the first thing that popped on Netflix. I gotta pee. Don't wanna leave my room. Fearful of zombies.
yes and we dont even need to freaking study, oh lord :')
Thank goodness!
WH sanctions target tech use in human rights abuses overseas - Politico
hey hey..the burgerman is in trouble as usual...bobbing and weaving..:) How are things with you?
hahahahahahahaha I love it
Whoever posted about finding there are anchovies in Ceasar dressing, I hate you. Tried to eat it & that's all I could taste/think about!
you're right. I was actually trying to add your wife!
Morning!! :o Today you should have a Pear.
of course I am
We draw strength from each other
We're following all your boards now. Your Pinterest looks great.
Hope you're all having a wonderful Friday! Let us know if we can help with your ship-to-school needs
You're welcome! :D <3
no more NYC VIP tickets left. let me go die in a hole please.
Woo! I can't wait for that day to come! ::gets excited:: XD
Die Maintenance Technician needed in Central Ohio - long-term contract opportunity. email resumes to
Patio = Open and partially blocked from the wind. Come enjoy the nice weather!
“: SINGLE MOTHERS SMOKED WEED ALL DAY AND KEPT SAYING "FUCK THIS DAY, WHERE MY MAN AT?"” lmao!!!!
thank you so very much!!! It feels so weird!
How funny would it be if I just started live tweeting APO elections #answer:
WE LOVE YOU!
I worked on 2 Academy Award nominated films. #W.E #margincall Go
I know, but he still expects more from me "that way"..and he gets a lil upset when i dnt wanna. and yep :/
you are rocking so hard! Thrilled to hear the good news. Congrats!
Im watchin Soulplane hah this movie never gets old !!!
Madison I just wanna let you know tthat since I will never meet you I love You <3 plzz reply if you saw this
Give me strawberry-rhubarb pie or give me waterboarding torture!
Where are your favorite lunch places in Downtown Miami? Which deliver?
Our well-equipped weight room has everything you need for cardio training and weight-lifting
Still trying to figure out how to hold it. Will get there next.
My favorite time if year! Let the worship (and the games) begin!! Ready to win again!
wooop !! can't wait to meet so many turtles!
What ur not playing w/the lil toy tables and stuff at the dentist waiting room? Lol
Not sure I've ever been so depressed by an Arsenal loss as this one. And I live in Texas, so the scenery isn't any help.
Thanks for coming to philly, much love dude !
About to give a presentation about condors and lead poisoning at
If you ready for the Mixtape to Drop make some noise!!!!
The titanic was thought unsinkable...the same thinking applies to the capitalist financial system...the Greek elections are dead ahead...
About to finish "Grave Mercy" by Robin LaFevers. Look for it next month!
Every time I see an ugly guy I say "Diablo que Papi !" then they get all gassed &amp; shit , Lmfaaoo
My tummy is all kinds out upset with me ; time to cook
Follow me help me reach 45 n I'll follow back
whatever dog/boyfriend joke here@
everything was making sense, and now it doesn't.
The Lord of the Rings: Fifty Shades of Gandalf the Grey
So disappointed. Thought we'd learned. Silly me.
considering his history punishment could be about right. I've heard some say it should have been tougher.
It took us 10 years to get to the moon and that was easier! Be urgent but not rushed. We MUST get this one right.
Same. I was on 5 so I guess it was time. I swung Maschine while I was at it, not totally in love yet though.
Thanks K! We're fostering right now to try it out. She's a fan of Opera music apparently..
she's got the night off. She'll be here mañana. See you soon!
So much drama.. :(
good luck today!!! You're gonna need that shoulder to cheer on the #Bulls this year!!
Drake in Planet of the Apes: we threw some doo doo, yeah we threw some doo doo. Humans came over, yeah we threw some doo doo
Why are some people argumentative, just for the sake of being that way? You don't always have to disagree with me! You know who you are!
is super legit! i highly recommend them!
Following Back :)
thinks shes dating zac efron lol that's funny she needs a therapy session or 7
Playing with for #dataviz. There's a lot to love, and it's all
I like the stealy(ish) part, very mysterious
great game tonight keep it going my man
what gov't org paid for most of that care?? Welfare?
Thank you -- and thanks for the lovely comment! #2 may be something I need to plaster on my wall & remind myself often.
I'm not striking because I love my job. Sorry everyone.
so glad all my boys are doing well!
This seattle storm is going to kick our asses.
Insanity workout this morning...feel great now! During... not so much!! LOL! The warmup had me hurtin!!
As usual, Vokab Kompany has done good things to Reno's ears (& booties).
RT Happy i stayed in tonight
2 CHAINZ!! RT : 2 Chainz is charging 100k for a verse now cause he's G.O.O.D!!!!!!
Its snowin like cray cray outside & its cold a boul of soup for dinner would be nice :)
you should knock on his door once and then leave before he can answer. Not really.
y'all should record a christmas cd. your music i'm proud to say, is among the few musicians whose work i actually purchase.
after 16 years, my novel is finished... going into copy editing via W W Norton
Was so excited 2 spend my birthday on the happy hour cruise, but doesn't start 'til May. Other suggestions? Boat preferred. :)
Anyone know a good article detailing the process for getting #coffee beans from the plant ready for roasting?
Finally calling it a night... Whew! Today was intense but we completed a lot. Goodnight Beauties!
Hey if you haven't checked us out yet please do,we are BlueMonster Apparel and launching our Apparel line on 11.01.10,Follow:
heyy, do u think u cud take me to ccd?
People that call themselves celebrities probably aren't.
Gotta get out of this slump. Not good.
Just made an unplanned touchdown in Las Vegas to refuel.
I hate you.
Guy in car in front of me in east Mesa has a bumper sticker that says "I <3 BEAVER." Maybe he went to MIT!
‘F_ck Yeah!’ The Evolution of Tumblr’s Big Trend
Great emergencies and crises show us how much greater our vital resources are than we had supposed. ~ William James
That's a good idea - I'll put that on the list. Any others, O King Of the Light Rail?
I think I'm going to start that book in the next couple days. We'll discuss it.
Waking up at 4:30AM and not falling back asleep was not part of today's plan… :(
De La Soul - "The Grind Date"
JK Bill Haas would have just hit 1 in the water and then splashed it out Fedex style as many times as needed to reach the green
The hardest person to judge is the one in the mirror.
thanks babe!
And you'd think it's that bad by how few of our CO people I've gotten to participate so far
Good Morning Twitter! Long day but oh well have a good Monday ;)
Nice 2 have a #religion w/a 1-way ticket 2 salvation requiring no thought process. But if u use ur brain u'll realize fairy tales r'nt real.
haha thanks, I guess that was a compliment, haha :D
haha aww thanks nick!! Same to you haha<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>you have to pamper yourself when it comes to makeup
Get 15% off food & 10% off Rock Shop when you ride #TerrorTrolley Fri & Sat in Oct
Passing Blacksburg VA & remembering it as the first 'most wired town' thru public/private partnership
I have no idea how this burrito has slipped under my radar! Next time I go to SD I'll hit you up for some recommendations.
Tweet us some #UCTour pics if you have any :)
Always a piece for you Jeremy! “: “: Lunch Special - Lasagna special day at Cafe Roma. great lasagna give it a try”
Sorry we've missed each other this past week. You available to talk this weekend?
I like the new found maturity
has been
wishing you the strength, hope, love and luck to "shrug it off"
Who u talkin bout >:/
Hopefully a permanent spot - we'll see. No NYC yet... of course you'll be one of the first to know!
“: sons I'm tryna ball asap..hit ya dudes up from islip !!”well set that up
ya we both did #1 it was easy
Thank You So Much For The Mention ;-)
Looking for Firewire/USB Audio Interface and a MIDI controller. What you got?
I love that the #iPhone turns into a flashlight when the kids drop something in the theater.
Very disappointed that nobody said "you sank my battleship" on the BATTLESHIP trailer.
MAAC got the same amount of bids as the Pac-12
We're losing. Fortunately, Sox are dropping like flies.
have some tri tip for me ;P
You gotta be fucking kidding. Donna Summer and Chuch Brown die in same day?? No one talk to me all day.
I wish I could come... :(
Learn how small businesses can generate leads efficiently by leveraging inbound Internet marketing
im picking jets tomorrow win the game over philly
LOL I just started! :)
I am thoroughly enjoying the Chrome browser. Anyone else?
Aaarrgggh, it is taken. But we do have availabilty for dinner still. Call 434 971 1800 if you would like a res. Niall
Thank you to all of our sponsors, guests and participants who helped make #MamasDay2012 possible! We appreciate you, and we'll see you soon!
My best friend lost her brother last night. RIP Jared Digby. I never got to meet you but your sister told me about how awesome you are.
#IHateItWhen im not sure of what i want </<U+2665>
I really appreciate being included in all your #FF lists. Thanks you guys! :D
General Geek Fight Q&A as well as showing off the custom card sleeve prototypes!
#NYTM U live in #NYC U deserve to do it online and for #free Haha. So true. Cute demo by
Go to www.canvaspop.com to see some of the amazing things you can do, then go get 50% off those incredible options on www.crowdclick.com!
I feel you in my bones.
nu uh. Booze and Fried Food are amazing. Glee is sad and the like.
ima be okay cause I already moved on cause other Guy asked me out . :-) but thanks
thanks! I think I need to try again.....
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 13
Right! The US is an island. No one should branch out to other countries... RT Rep. Michele Bachmann Gives Up Swiss Citizenship
havent had a mood like this inna while but ADTR mood <3
Come on, Twitter, it's my day of...
1:00. Great time to twitter aimlessly. More To come during human hours, we promise! #
Watching the game till I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
You are definitely one busy man!
There's not much else I can do but fall for you.
Find the lowest fares you can on expedia, then go to priceline & name your own price for $40-$50 less than that! Works for me!
Just finished watching True Grit... Eh, It was ok. Good dialog, but it wasn't as amazing as I had anticipated.
Love because it is the only true adventure.
Thanks for the mention!
Just found the San Genarro festival in Little Italy by mistake.
This mouse dude is killin it on the 1's 2's
After a #49ers Victory
Watching bikes getting delivered on Platte St. Must be a good starting point for people!
Ready for something beyond a snapshot? Call us, we can create something very special
Focus on the truths that provide a clear path to your destiny! Without focus life's issues will always blurr your life!
Now we stepped into cruel world where everyone keeps score
What fun.
Third time's a charm baby
I need a writing cabin, or maybe a flag system. When the flag is up, I am in the writing zone. Do not disturb!
it was cold that night
I think Rick Kranitz said "I know" about a dozen times to Wolf there. One of those nights.
In general: Double standards are not allowed - the same standard governs all.
thank you
Has Ted Thompson tweeted his pick yet?
its bullshit Chris
Want to catch more errors in your writing - read it out loud.
Some things i cannot change But till i try ill never know
Make sure your company is leveraging Internet marketing best practices with our whitepaper
if ur gone this weekend, can you just leave the keys to ur place under the doormat? and I need to sleep.
Learn more about Jean Dean & the 94.1 team
you should take a look at Leonetti bottles - thick and sexy without being too big. (wine! don't take out of context!)
anyone out there vibing on some Big John?
Tables for this weekend at both Static & sister venue are filling up fast! Call or email now before they're gone!
Thanks. Dick Gordon is as easy to talk to as he seems.
did you throw the book?
you should! Although stressful it builds a future that no one can take away from you!
I am so sick of Dwayne Wade's smug bullshit.
Two men looked out of prison bars; one saw mud the other saw stars. - Unknown Poet. Which do you choose to see?? :)
RT : I want some spicy wings and seasoned fries, with ranch.me to
Why aren't the Hawks putting ANY pressure on Rondo?
No problem. I ended up ordering a 13.3" Vaio SA upgraded to the i7. The XPS 15z was too big and didn't like the 14z's feel.
Mad I aint get a chance to see
Remember to be authentic and truthful, even when it is uncomfortable
Thx Thorin, lots of big things developing as we head into June! Hope to see you and your pops in Atlanta!
S/o to the team one time. April 12th Partyboyz LIVE at Endless Music. RT
Scams for tickets are rampant. Please be careful. If a price seems too good to be true, probably is.
Voted! Best of luck!
Does anyone know who created the American Museum of Natural History iPhone app?
Inspired! I wish that I lived in Jacksonville!!! I would be training with you! :)
Few things sweeter in sports than seeing hordes of Yankees fans heading for the exits in the eight inning...
For wiki assns, have small groups develop sections of the site. Group leader directs the edit nature
#LieToMe its not gonna end well for u....
Whose enjoying a glass of Wines That Rock #wine tonight?!
To be or not to be
6 yrs ago I hiked thru rainforest in Palenque w/Broncos fans to watch Pats lose, walk home in high drug trafficking area. Help a gal out Tom
Looked like Rondo just threw someone down on the inbounds. KG grabs a bucket off the turnover.
Glad you're on the follow. Cheer to victory and love!
i see.. let me know its name.il drop in this weekend.
No doubt. I GOTTA retweet Beat Street. It's like a heartbeat.... Beat Street... Seen this flick over two hundred times.
That said, now I'm excited to be sitting in on final dress rehearsal for 's new show tonight! Will report back.
..subject, enjoy!
It was raisins and walnuts. It was delicious!
M....Kindle goodness.
I am so ready for some nature in less than two weeks
APD clarification: Israel Keyes is a SUSPECT, since he's been charged; not a person of interest.
I bet you keep a strait face wen you rite lol or lmao
is about to see bb king & buddy guy in concert.
School sucked but I'm home alone right now.I hate a bitch already but she got 3 strikes or I pull the extensions
can't get no righta
Having a drink before #atlsex with
Spent 2.5 hours in the yard this afternoon. Got some exercise and fresh air. Yard still looks like the before picture, but oh well.
Wasn't able to say it before. But happy birthday !!! love you and don't party too much ;)
finally off work tomorrow. woo hoo!
Depends on the phone. Iph0ne is super easy if it's in the iTun3s store
About to watch, "Think Like A Man."
So much for my day and night.
Great dinner Thanks for making it a
that's what I'm saying! Need my twinn & start summert
I don't even know who that is, just saw the nonsense on twitter.
crazy! Im visiting my family for a week.
re: Guilty Pleasures - noted.
and new song #boyfriend <3 I could be your buzz light year [:
: Dimon: "This trade didn't violate the Volcker Rule, but it violates the Dimon principle."
sorta...what's up?
IKR. Smh...I might need to take a longer vacation soon
Miss America 2012 back in progress
Newcomers brief for the Mongolian Task Force
Be sensitive to their sensitivity
I'll be talking up , and tonight during discussion on art dialogue
no I seen it and thought it was funny even though the only ones I like are busta corey and sometimes wayne
#MyTop5LadyGagaSongs Poker Face
FLOW ME IN THERE TOO! I FOLLOW BACK!
No problem. Play around with it and then let me know how else I can help.
yea 2mar answer the phone its gone be a crazy # tho RT u don't get no phone calls ?
Blake Griffin reminds me of that Edina kid who got an Audi instead of a Lexus.
My life just improved tenfold. It's time!!! RT : Looking forward to opening this Sunday with
Good to hear
Leaders should never react based on what someone tells them about an issue - get supporting documentation of employee claims -ask questions!
It is Baldamar Toledo of Red-card-for-a-shirt-gate, if I remember correctly.
I don't think they are using a piece...
why open source is good
AGon sure took some off balance hacks today!
Me too.was sad when Adam voted for the other one :( but she will have a great career RT :
Just dropped a batch of signed copies of 1812 at Washington Street Books. They need a sign like Krispy Kreme!
too bad its hard to find pot in a dopeless place :/
Ah. NOW I see. Was already following you; moved you to a list that is bookstores and zines and reviews.
oh wow, how weird, i just bought party monster today and was upset that it doesn't go by it's original name anymore.
Good luck to my Puerto Rico representer in his fight tomorrow. LATINO STAND UP MAYNE
Chilling at the house with the pup enjoying an early start to the holiday weekend!
Hi , Plz DM us & provide an email address for an exciting (non-spam) opportunity centered around #Cloud in San Francisco. Thnx!
those bastards nearly hit him 3 times in as many ABs, we gotta do the same when Cedeno bats!
I think most breakfast food is better as dinner (brinner!) or a night time snack.
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I will go back to 8th grade
Best . Movie . Ever .
Worked on a Sean Crouch film this weekend. Have another lined up. So fun.
I don't believe in being put in a box
Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos tells reporters these have been his best two years in Albany
Still can't believe that Anthony Shadid is gone. Rest in peace.
Not only was she sexy, but has AMAZING quotes about life too... she was a smart lady...
Wish I could be there......I think?
gay marriage really should be legalized so we can all shut up about it
do you have any deadlines for application?
I can't believe Demi will be judging the x factor omg. Is this real life or...
Oh your COOL not " -_-
Digital Wallets Beyond the Money | Idea ... - Idea Engineers - Sapient
buy my girlfriends moms car off her to help her out with some financial issues. bleh
not a problem. :)
Shorter santorum: good earmarks save money
First time during spring break I'm not falling asleep with my t.v on
I have a better chance. She rt'd me.
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
good idea! I might have to copy you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
turn that frown....upside down!
#Moderation is better than muscle, self-control better than political power. Proverbs 16:32
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there thank u for all that you ladies do.
how do you wanna handle it? we kill them all.
yeah but that one dunk from smith was
wats good bro
Join DesignMatters in our inaugural event featuring Herman Miller's Creative Director, Steven Frykholm. October 20, 2011
blessing Amy. have a bless day.
Welcome to twitter and congrats on being named to new roster of Dancing With The Stars
RT : Tell us about the first time you got behind the wheel of a manual car. How many times did you stall out? We've all done it!
Tonight we will be celebrating 5 de Mayo. Party starts on the patio at 6pm. DJ Kazte & Revolucionario will be spinning from 6-8pm.
Austin & Mahomies is trending! #proud I love you! follow me? <3
YES I Big up fi di US Roots clic seen?
2 1/2 men still in reruns - when is Charlie coming back
Who's bright idea was it 2 buy 4 bags of candy when our neighborhood population of 10 yrs and under is maybe 2 kids? They could have scored.
Depends on ur perspective of god, I believe "god" is n everything, our body/man is just a form that is used.
: too soon bro
Austin City Limits Lineup is amazing! Why can't Stevie Wonder Headline Lolla?
how are you
shirt jeans combat boots. :p
oh, i love that song! i see no future too.
thanks for tweeting my link. :-)
lol. Since I was 14 son. I've always had a beard. Haha
Interned with the Raiders? Sacrilege....;]
I'm excited to hear what Clinton Kelly's going to say to an auditorium filled with academic librarians!
hahah we gotta chill soon dude!
sucks to want to kno!
sounds perfect to me. Time of our lives
wine is good for the soul And you're a good soul.
Good times with et al soaking in the knowgledge from
he showed me his lil dimples and next thing I know, that's what happened lol
Sup KC have u checked over at TiPB.com for tips?
Always looking for those dresses...
Leo is the best dog ever! I love my baby!!!
are you taking the trip to Japan with the M's to open the season?!
LOL same here! it kinda sucks cause id rather stay and stare at him ;)
Watching the fight with my Panamanian brothers.
Outdoor bird watch
what a mess
Or aren't already set in their limited beliefs about what the library is and can offer them?
if we go now I'll unblock you and be nice again. otherwise fuck yourself
Soo today I left house... Now at mine! School is on Monday :/ then after school I am going to house!!
XML, XSL, CSS, RDF...one last go-round with acronym soup for Document Structures course.
background/context: (I tweeted this on a private acct on Aug 31): "401 unauthorized on gwibber client"
That awkward moment when you say a cuss word and the teacher is standing right behind you.
I still get butterflies even though I've seen you a hundred times.
We love having our authors come in to visit. Today we have !
...need to get the boys together soon....and the girls....
- Hey Amy - Molajo looks very cool.
As did I! Never said a bad word about the city but many good things about buffalo and the fans Plus he fills a need for little$
Till 8 usually. Same with Monday if that works better for you.
My Man! Respect : Checkin out these tracks from Floridas own That Smoke and Ride is Dope and Ima Don too!
What are you favorite footy apps on the iPhone?
hahaha more of a snarky tweet. No actual surprise!
firefox 4 locks up for a few seconds intermittently (2 systems win7x64). Addon installed is adblock plus on one, java console on the other.
Look abroad through Nature's range, Nature's mighty law is change.
K+M's wedding was so beautiful. Can't wait to do it again soon.
this was an excellent podcast, however. Been fans since the beginning. Just catching up on missed episodes
Mason's with the Texans?!?
Hello. I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge blog. I would like to feature you and your company.
welcome to
Give your relationship the gift of caring objectivity by experiencing relationship coaching.
Dunwoody. Accuracy is diff from balance.
nvm ... she texted just in time .
has made my morning! Thanks, sweetie! <3 (:
Well I'm confident I'll win one ncaa pool this year!!!
New Home onwer ? Call a contractor you can trust. Interior /exterior home renovation services. Ca.St Lic# 630616 619-562-5848 Call today !
TAYLOR GANG!!!!
ah ok. Look at umass! All social media savvy lol
mane bro trying you know how we do!
<3 (: gonna lay in bed texting peeps.. <3 (: n uploading pics from mahh' phone(:.. ;)
I'd be very excited to hear Penn on WTF. Just saying.
never! Happy holidays btw!
Good nap, ha no sleep tonight and no school tomorrow!!!
Idk maybe their outside your window?
Quick nap, then going to do some work! This time I WILL wake up when my alarm goes off!! I WILL I TELL YOU!! I WILL!
I heard u lick buttholes...
i dunno about all that twitter is so different then fb
It's more fun to read than write, I promise.
Aww thank YOU for the support! :))
When do you want me to swing over?
some one help me
New Girl >>> every other show. "I'm a cutter" lol
baby I love u
My first Mother's Day as a mother, and it's probably the best thing ever. The day has started off well :) I love my family!
#RT if you had to sing a #WhitneyHouston song at a graduation ceremony
I always laugh at this 'retype your email address' thingie, when filling a form. I use linux, so I just select & click the sucker into place
how goes the juice cleanse? Been thinking of doing it myself.
Taylor Swift's Video Evolution: From 'Tim McGraw' To 'The Story Of Us'
Oh my! That's really scary! Good luck at college next year. (hopefully ;)) hehe. x
who do you like?? :D
Man that muthafukkahhh go hard af! U Gotta Feel Me (H-Town) Throw yo shit up! Where my H town at?
Boutique salon helps women bring out inner strength and confidence
You know what's terrible? Having a sinus infection and a fever when absolutely no one is around to take care of you.
Going to type something but typing 'One Direction' instead by accident because you know...
Feels like a Monday
"Congratulations to our client ____ that just booked blah blah, for yada yada." Uh huh...sure.
Sorry, didn't see this! It was slick, dry and dusty :( Pretty much follow the leader. Very slow.
how about someone who might tweet you back
Fantastic testimony from States Attorney Joe Cassily from Harford and DepASA Todd from Worchester. Real examples of abuse not reported. Thx
It'll never happen. Why improve your own network when you can just create a monopoly!
going back to bed, i am so tired.
#PGA Tour Cmsr. Tim Finchem says Masters too important for tour to take it off schedule, even with an all-male membership at Augusta.
You too!
hahaha. You always make me laugh. Thanks!
I know what I want and I will not settle for anything less.
Today's pizza is...mozzarella, port salut mix, herb spread, and smoked chicken for just $12.00. Get free toasted ravs!
Thanks! again I am blushing
The awards for students majoring in advertising, PR, and corporate comm begin, read by Joyce Wolburg
Thanks for the retweet. Your twitter background is beautiful..!
Pismo BeCh, good to see yo again! Wish I could stay for a second but goy to keep motoring down the highway.
": God promises your payday is on its way. Get up every day expecting God's favor, and you'll see God do amazing things."
WTF IS WRONG WITH ME
Wow! RT There are 8.3 million women-owned businesses generating $1.3 trillion in revenue & employing nearly 7.7 million people
I enjoy a range of music too, but love alternative. Nothing can make me get up and dance faster then Blue Monday!
HAHA OMG AW ! when i was little i tried to make my cats look pretty by dressing them up in my baby clothes :)
Why do we have like 8 random adults welcoming us into school?
Thanks for participating! Have a great week.
Be sure to pray & spread word to every day, every morning, every night, say a prayer for Alex <3
We are hard at work on a number of fronts. The first thing out is our new webpage layout. It's up. No new content, but there'll be SOON.
In life, you're going to be left out, talked about, lied to, and used, but you have to decide who's worth your tears and who's not.
hows your day???? -- anisha scott () it was good. I was sleep earlier so now im just not tired. How was ur day love?
Having to switch to this account because is in twitter jail! :(
amazing and scary. my 3yo already navigates youtube+netflix - need to keep in check
yeah i am
I gotta head to my moms crib.... Right fast!!!!
Did Power Circuit Training Abs + Power Circuit Training Upper Body Workout + a mixed treadmill workout for 60.01 minutes...
In other words... In an interesting twist, no monkeys are used in the making of monkey gland sauce
During the championship game ups? Only shipping fedex from now on
LOL I just got one that has the word 'Saturdat' in it. :) Yours is a little funnier though :)
Synchronicity! This is awesome. You know our area well ;-)
I wasn't tweeting for you... :)
It's true! RT : You know how you can tell you have nerdy friends? When everyone's status says "may the 4th be with you" today
the problem is i used to think i was a seven for the longest time and now i am all confused
has opened registration for the L.A. Backstage Tour, February 2-5, 2011. Reserve your spot today for this incredible opportunity 4078760006
This sounds like fun. #bucks and #BucksBango say will be at game tonight. Will Bango dunk over the NFL MVP?
Hell yeah!“: Always excited for Mondays! Here's to another great productive week! #entrepreneur #determination #hardwork”
Breaking News our indie comedy "Life at the Resort" was selected to screen at the New York International Film Festival!
Just wrapped up my headshot session with and her flaming red hair.
Happy effin' Easter, bros. :S
Interesting. Tolerant or not cognizant?
Blasting #SaySomethin. has the BEST voice ever.<3
Thanks to the spirit of Christian freedom, women in our land are favored above the sex in any other nation. (1856)
Hope my doesn't keep me up all night tonight! I need sleep badly! Bad dog!!
never an X always a friend.
Game 2! Let's go #Heat more dominance on the menu
my face is burning. I look like rudolph the freaking red nosed reindeer.
memberships go on sale Saturday! We are waiving the joining fee September 17 - 30! Come by for a tour Sat. 9am-2pm
I don't know those details yet, but I'll find out!
RT : I think that when obama FULLT evolves on the gay issue, he and Joe Biden will get married//hahaha
I do, but more so I can do a better job with the LibGuide for it.
: We are ready for some shots tonight !
would love one. What's your speciality?
#dctf member Marans: We are facing a public health tragedy, an American tragedy. What do we need to do? Bloom: Funding.
okay, true, but cell is quickly becoming a must-have anyway so consolidating payments into it would be handy. Debit card = backup
RT : RT : Is there any reason not to abolish the US Senate?///The US House. //Oh, good point.
Please just do as you say and say what you mean.
Product Review: Kevin Murphy Color.Bug MIRACLE PRODUCT: Kevin Murphy Color.Bug ($24.95) THEY SAY: Switch up your hair color as quick as y
Working on new merch designs!!
wow were nominated for a Grammy? Where have I been? Congrats!
I am so proud of you gaby can't wait to hear your music
I'm sure you look fabulous!! Have a perfect day!!
Obama makes a strong move to the hoop!
Cake-Cake-Cake-Cake. I love that song. Its "Sexual Healing" 2012
Man, some Laker fans are straight up jerks. Check out mentions.
So underrated locally and still cheap to own!
Non BCS teams literally have no chance & voters & cpu's decide who's gonna play for the title. College Football is dumb.
If you haven't seen #1408 with John Cusack, you've missed one hell of a scary movie!!
There can be little doubt that with those blisters, John Isner will not be anything close to a favorite at the French Open (or Wimbledon).
"Hire students" -ok. Will do. Can someone send some good ones to us?
Lol the Beach Boys havent aged a day ;)
Did anyone notice Atlanta was misspelled on the scorer's table?
I'll do it a) if I can get tickets and b) if you send me some VCU gear.
Design fans share ideas on Pinterest
I'm useless to this family
I'm getting geared up for my first evah giveaway! Stay tuned, you know you wanna win!
Hey lisa Come to Mexico #MexicoNeedsAustin please?
Total mis communication...but still nothing but good news
Salute to all the veterans. Happy Veteran's Day!
LOL -- I was going for hopeful :)
Why are people RTing me from like 82029 years ago? lol
Me: I love you mom and I don't say that to many people. Mom: I'm honored, now call the dentist. Smh.
"5 not alive"
the name of the Twitter list you put me on made me snort with laughter. Because I'm obviously immature & easily amused.
When you're hot you're hot! Salsa chicken & rice w/steamed broccoli was a hit. Full tummy. Ah.
Tomorrow we welcome a new incoming class of students, aka our 2015 alums! GET READY BALTIMORE!
Monkey is dead.
Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end.
Ayoo niggaaa. Date or for everybody. And follow back!;))
Doing my best to help spread the gospel.
have a great trip.
It's Sunday! Time to get religious....uh, no....every day is God's day, I give thanks to Him for every second of my life, amen.
230 but we go past 5 sometimes
Yay!! My Michael is home!
I'm so bored, I just went through 's tweets and looked at every twitpic to pass the time... I feel so good about myself right now.
He who knows only his side of the case knows precious little of that. - John Stuart Mill
<333 i love both of you guys
#FF the newest member of the #RefinedFam If interested in the #StreetTeam email us
Due out in eight days, the annual FHA actuarial review could point to the future role government will play in housing finance.
You can't win...
aww...honored! And ditto to you.
snoop dogg sold cameron diaz weed in high school
#FF Belated Thanks/ Welcome Aboard past follows Move your way!
Are you a good bitch or a bad bitch? Haha
This is an example of a very long #thedoors tweet. All the way up to 140 characters in length. Stronger than dirt stronger than dirt stro
#OutoftheLoop what should i do if my spouse is unfaithful? Try to work it out.
I'm not an actor... BUT... I'd improv my ASS off to be on #inlivingcolor!!
um, nope. Not speaking for this public librarian.
Waiting to chat with Larry Ahrens at 9 AM on 1550 - hope you'll join us!
Being single doesn't mean you aren't good enough for anyone, it means no one is good enough for you.
Anyone wanna go to Jersey for the Rock The Bells tour? The lineup is awesome.
lol its pretty good ill send u some
I was sitting in a meeting this morning thinking "Why don't we notice when we blink?" Blew my own mind.
What will Apple look like (& more importantly, *do*) apres Jobs?
Robert Shiller best cure for depression: altruism works better than prozac
Love the new profile pic!
Six days until
when you kids making it back down to miami?
The empowering wind that draws breath from despite, Roars 'neath my wings as I soar with the end in sight
Also, five unclaimed Biz Lunch sack lunches were delivered to some very appreciative folks who really needed them!
Enjoying the first day of my week vacation! Yet can't manage to sleep past 9 a.m.
I was looking at some of ur pics, and I ran across that vile stuff Code Pine was flashing. I can't believe it. But there it is. EVIL
Things turn out best for people who make the best out of the way things turn out. -Woody Hayes
Yeah dude. I dunno. And then again when the movie comes out.
we are sanded
Have you signed up for Google offers? Do you like it better than Groupon?
Suzy Brown, meeting organizer, just walked in the hotel with Dr. Collins.
Oh you make it sound so simple! LOL!
what have you been up to post #Superbowl? Anything interesting?
You're sick in the fucking head. You need professional help you deceiving cunt.
But my dad woke me up and now I can't go back to sleep :((((
Six pack by January. Watch me
aw ... hahaa Bad Tail .
nice save, but pls don't do that again.
I need a boy to talk to
Still plenty of seats left, but moving at a nice pace
WOW! They are really cutting back. Ricidulous!
I have a need to learn how to verify a form and populate a database with inputs as soon as I can. other todos are less pressing.
Also, you spend a lot of time on budgets. And p&ls. And saying no to cool ideas from creatives because they have poor ROI.
Consolation update: After one period, the score is still 0-0. Grand Rapids/Greenway holds the shots advantage at 12-2.
- We can't wait! See you there...62 days and counting!
Still need to lock down good coaching, please throw me anything you can think off.
#CallMeMaybe from is stuck in my head!
My heart hurts so much I feel like dying.
Coffee is a poor substitute for a good night's sleep. Helps you wake up without any of the jitters or the bad breath.
why am I gettin tweeted weeny pics from strangers???
Is this issue around attention a factor of how cheap a time investment twitter makes joining the fray?
I would be incredibly happy in Denver won. Then I would laugh my ass off.
Getin my Earrings on May 20
But that's every day! Have to delay that post a few days actually... Shooting for Wed.!
thank you!
Day is almost over!
RT - When the Dolphins play, Ima watch Any Given Sunday instead, because atleast that Miami team is entertaining
thinking and praying for the victims and their families of the Fort Hood Massacre!
Good Morning Warriors and Friends!!!!!!!!!! how are you today
like how I mix it up w/my two Twitter identities?
darn. Hopefully you'll get used to it (the shirt, not the men staring at your chest)
RT : Ima free bird, I gotta fly!!
Hanging out with my bestfriend<3:D
This Friday night we buzz into Stingers in Wixom to sting you in the exact spot we stung you in before.
Mouths don't get pregnant
Thanks very much...
People are still talking about Kaner's drunk weekend? I GUESS I SHOULD WRITE ABOUT IT FINALLY.
"Art is the signature of civilizations." –Beverly Sills
James Bond will no longer ask for a Martini "shaken, not stirred" - instead in the next flick, he'll ask for a Heineken. Product Placement!
#iPadCrunch after my iPad was stolen in january I waited diligently for the new one to come out, wait will be soon over
I contacted I would like to speak to guys about possibly collaborating.
Interesting to follow this Seth Greenberg "breaking news" ... especially if Seth hasn't a clue what's going on, per
Just had fried pickles had sweet tea yesterday now just need friend chicken to complete the southern trifecta
About to play the last show of 2010...this year was pretty awesome :)
RT : It's small business saturday make sure to support these Chicago business
now banging that GROUP HOPE - LIVING PROOF VIDEO MBTV LIVE - WE PRE-GAMING www.microphonebully.com
haha that's so weird.
why can't I ever have neighbors that play music I like. This bass and drum beat is atrocious.
#1yearago #Assad thought his son would someday rule #Syria . He was wrong.
Too cold outside my car, too warm inside my car
lmao u all lazy n stuff mark it down on ya calender goof
With today's run, hit the 40 mile/week mark. Off to a nice start this year. Will need & enjoy the yoga session in a few hours.
What is everybody doing this weekend in Lyons? I bet is has something to do with music?
Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding
Goodnight everybody <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
It could be sunny so you could eat on the patio... But still, pretty sweet place to wake up.
well they hit hot topics: PILOT subsidy for Lexington Sq, rec centers, aft-school prgrams, even EWOs!
More snow and rain Saturday morning. South sound hills& Cascde foothills 1-2" slushy snow, a mix or only rain for the rest of us
I thought it was cute and the most entertaining thing so far.
yeah for sure...im proud to admit i dont have a list. Im proud of my parents the way they raised me or I'd be something else.
A non-scientist asked me if he could start a Kickstarter campaign to fund a research project. Yes Yes Yes!
over here musical "improvising" was autocorrected to "improving"
RT : They're all about that thug life! That's why I hate my hometown of Cincinnati!
*Glare* You are lucky to be spared a rant owing to Twitter's truncated character limit...
Another weekend, another performance! :) The Magical Lamp of Aladdin performs again 3 p.m. this afternoon! Buy your tickets today!
HEY HEY HEY!
Shouldn't they be jumping at the chance for no class? Or do they really like it that much?
Kicking off #COFLA we are reminded that LA riots happened 20 years ago, & how local community rallied in crisis to recover.
#RIP Adam Yauch of the #BeastieBoys - MCA passes away at age 47 due to cancer... Respect. What's your favorite Beasties song?
It's national take your kid to work day. Does that apply to college students?
God really does like that tebow guy... I dont
Oh that's cool Lol :)
It hurts when you want someone but can't have them. It hurts more when you have had that someone and you lost them.
Just picked up "Fly and Be Damned: What Now for Aviation and Climate Change?" published by —been 10+ years since I read a Zed title
The things some people do. Smh...only in Arizona!
Im a photog&was always told I had to get releases for everything How can these photos be posted w/o a release?
avoid Olentangy on way to NST Saturday, Cap City half marathon closing Olentangy south of Lane.
FOLLOW he FOLLOWS BACK
I just finished w/Valentine's Day. I'm not ready for Easter.
Congrats, Tom! Based on your twitter icon, can we assume there is a photography degree in your future?
This will be weird. Am without my MBP for a few days while the video card gets looked at.
Did a little displaced gongyo; Not perfect, but effective in trying times or otherwise. ~NMRK~
#ThankYouCody for sharing your life with us! We can't tell you how much it means to us!
im in the this class bored as fuck i dont know i should go to 7th retweet if i should
On the way to Atlantic City with Craig Robinson and Nasty Delicious tour...we left Arlington VA, re-inspired, and ready for day 3.....
Family friend at a church cookout saved all labels and made sure my daughter had safe food without being asked. She really warmed my heart.
“: Nike Cross Nationals is streaming LIVE! Watch here: t.co/9iDdbTIj" Nike not against ALL live streaming
HEY HEY YOU YOU YOU NEED A NEW GIRLFRIEND ;) <U+2665>
Watching "It's a Wonderful Life" and trying my best not to cry like I always do.
I use every last one of those lies! :P
Hey give it a shot and see if it works!
follow me please, porfavor, merci. please ^-^
RT : Today is the oldest you've ever been , and the you
It's colder than a witches tit in a brass bra in this school.
Canucks cool Jets to stay in hunt for top spot
Love my #SocialMedia fam! Great seeing & meeting u all tonight! cont'd
four back-to-back dance classes? exhausting, but totally worth it.
Wade's gonna go off next half lbs
Just bought my ticket for Mega Millions!
I need to change my profile pic. I didn't realize a hoodie could kill me.
being bored is the worst thing ever.
date you again it's freaking ridiculous.. Gahdddd!
pet peeve: when your secure login times out a website says "You need to be logged in to do that!"
Oh oh
Good to know there's a dry place somewhere in this state!
You Gon Learn Today
Who produced Sinatra’s 1984 release, "L.A. Is My Lady"?
why's it raining? D:
Romney is on fire but so is Nuet. Mitt and Nuet already agree. Lets bet on VP/P or P/VP now!
OH: "Are you sure they have opposable thumbs?" RE: users of web product
cleaning my room...woo.
Oh, you flatter me! :) So glad to read you love the new look! Are you trying our new stuffed rockfish tonight?
Librarian blinged out i chunky silver jewelry
My little sister fell off the truck! Lmao!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> It was kinda my fault but I told her to be careful. Too bad! Lol
Even the Conde Nast building is snobby. Call someone's cell in there and it rings once then hangs up on you.
hashem sends us what we need- and we are thankful.
Happy 16th Birthday , hope you have an amazing day, loveyou! :]<3
how could you do this to me?!? RTing !!!! disappointed.. Thought we had a connection after monday and wednesday!!
they're but just the blue group.
H-E-B lost an awsesome worker and amazing friend. R.I.P Jameel, NO ONE will forget your smile. /:
Congrats on Dean
tailgate starts at 4 ..
Grateful that came to our seminar yesterday! Great to see my friends!
all i had today was breakfast n thats all its weird usually i have lunch whats wrong with me
haha yes, yes it is :P
"Maddie... you're my ancestor."
« lol im lost , but i had some of them this morning ( ;»
#Redevelopment re-animators could save time and ink by simply writing: "We want taxpayers to continue subsidizing our private developments".
you can stick your facebook up your twitter
we'd love to know how does for you in matching people w/twitter handles -> let us know what you think!
Sorry I couldn't make it to the show, my parents decided to come to town last min. Hope it's going well.
Why isn't there chocolate flavored yogurt?
um.... I think we got the memo, mark.
Why haven't the have a blackout at Staples for the playoffs? Or a purple out? Oh or old school yellow out!
Very typical. I just block them. It eventually calms down.
Winning is better than coffee! Good morning and let's go cards
horoscopes be so true, but i rarely check mine since God dont like that.
Lawyer just said: I wasn't yelling, I was advocating strongly.
it was awesome, thanks!!
You Sell Liquor Here? “No” Why Not? “This Is A Shoe Store…Idiot.”
Somebody get this kid a blunt so he can chill the fuck outt.
RT : Im excited to see our friends in Paris at Fashion Week ! pics please!!
Congratulation to "Miami en escena" The magazine online for the great nomination! Rosana Lopez Cubas you deserve it!
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio Texas.
Policy could be crafted for the real world *and* transparency. Why else do council members have staff?
!!!!!!! ": I am a virgin. But a lot of people seem to think I'm not"
Taking on new clients! Contact us today for all your Social Media needs! We also do Graphic Design!
My cousin dnt have any REAL friends at Tech! Prolly 2 or 3 but the rest of y'all ain't real! She got her family so she good
No, Nicole, great day for West Virginia. Get it right.
thought i smelled something.
ill dm you
They accept responsibility and don<U+FFFD>t sidestep it, but <U+FFFD>we<U+FFFD> gets the credit<U+FFFD>
What kind of roles would you like to see me play?
your little missive about Anita doesn't have the ring of truth. Why did you let the NYT do your homework? Time to up your game
we're healthy and we're happy... yet when anybody asks us we say "not bad"
Is this the USF Bulls playing or the Miami Heat? The #Bulls are putting an ass-whooping on
I do this often at a non conscious level. Hadn't realized
Role #3 be prepare to just suck. Ask people other than your friends and family for real critique. No sugar coated BS. It may hurt It may not
Costume Contest @ U-Swirl! Oct 30, all day. Winner at each location. Prizes for all ages! SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT!
that's exactly wut we said
I just love my mom. I think about her in every move and choise I make. She's the reason I'm here and I'm not totally fucked up.
cool story bro
you dropped my feeling lol <U+E411>
Living on a prayer.
Here's to the Mahomies who wakes up at insane hours, just because they hope to be online when Austin is. That's dedication.
yes next Sunday
I know! right?
Didn't feel like going to downtown with my boyfriend hahaha I wanted to sleep in & just chill at home, he could take me tomorrow :-)
Thanks for the the follow back!!! Awesome of u!!!
we're watching too!
That was exciting, so the real contenders emerge from the mountain battlefield... Voeckler has heart
didn't make it either. Was Johnny come lately on tix, and bust to boot.
girl nah
The Cardinals beating the Phils is like chipping it off of Frankenstein's fat foot.
"Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain." Joseph Campbell
I'm facing an interesting dilemma at the moment because I gave up fiction-reading for Lent but I think it's actally been bad for me. :/
i found you:P
Oh, no -- I didn't make that. Just retweeted. Is the work of
Proud to be a supporter in DC
Have not been. Any #scriptchat peeps been to Inktip Pitch?
Dear Creator, Thank you, more please!
Great job 2nd place podium finish 0.9045 behind Power. This will help in points. Let's get ready for Indy.
..appreciate the follow!!
Doors are at 8pm and the show starts at 9! Go support your favorite guys!:)
Give me the greatest graces to love You so deeply in this Mass, You who are so worthy of my love.
Happy Tuesday to you too :D
oh yeah, forgot about cocktails, another great choice!
The Pioneer Woman's Pulled Pork looks so good I want to pull my pork.
I find myself wondering, given 's account of scholarship, why we do it. My experience is of joy in thinking-reading.
well good for you i guess we can just chill at yo dorm later or sum shit
I hate how people are acting like they are the biggest The Weeknd fans now but you didnt know who the nigga was before Crew Love.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose, it's how you play the game. -Unknown Author
And Axford is not pitching because......
That sounds awkward, mostly because that implies the possibility of plural spheres, thus: THAT IS GAY BALLS ARE TOUCHING!
How doing Drew? man the biz has got to change dude.. I see too much of it my way now... I'm losing hope
REALLY OK XD YEAHHHA BOY WHOOHOO XD OH...wait howw :/ or do i go with the flow :) hahahaha
I'm down. Let me know about timing :)
that's a badass idea. Let's do it. What city?
Air max's give you about an inch point five on height..lol. I need those..lol
Huge thanks to for making my bf one happy man this Xmas. Only problem is that now I want to steal his gift...
I like
RT : RT Drink for a great cause! Stop by Thurs - Sat during happy hour for a Bee's Knees! Proceeds benefit
SEO Positive Declare Top Digital Marketing Event a Major Success
I don't have to get up in the morning
nigga I texted you back right when I got the message and you JUST now texted me saying you forgot
Steve did for Apple what Leo did for Fender. God Bless you Mr. Jobs, and feel better man.
Apple are so damn good
Brewers win #:)
: You can move on and everything, but the memory remains...
Holy geez! Could my husband snore any louder? I think not.
Twit from my phone. Cool!
(I'm in the unfortunate position of having learned what kinds of wrongs cannot be forgiven, at least by my own standards.)
Is it me or did Twitter change it mobile website??
Did Danica get you into them? Already?...
So Thursday? Zubaz optional. Where we going to meet? I am excited! Woo Hoo!!
play at home tonight.1st place #RedWings tix avg $57. Beer is $6 avg. It's Friday... Have a few brews.
When I said #ithoughtyoulookedgood and that you are #hotallsummer I was being sarcastic.
I should have bet on it. Shout out to my home team!!!!! (:
Nikki lane is on now with Hugh & co. Backing her. Grab a cab and get over here!
It's set up day at The Ritz-Carlton, HMB! Quick breakfast and then the fun begins. We look forward to welcoming you in the morning
I love that my friends and tweet eachother.
On a mission to tha swap meet
We will never be "good enough". And even if we could, being "good enough" would never be good enough.
Are you in #Miami?
RT : LOYALTY AIN'T IN YOU FUCK NIGGAZ U WASN'T RAISED RIGHT..UR DAD SHOULD HAVE NUTTED ON DA BITCH NOT IN HER!! <---
negative I have collapsed
come with me then
I'm sure it would ' honor if you took his side of the nest.
are the shit!! I love them <3
Im what yu need
Vice president of my company & several higher ups just stopped by. Luckily I came out in the good side of that surprise visit.
Haircut time at visible changes!
I love your beer, it is definitely my #1 choice. But sometimes a $1 Pabst pounder is easier on my wallet.
We love you, !!
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:52 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Thank goodness for Labor Day, even though I'm working. Still feels like a day off. Yippee!
Selling most of my books on Ebay today. Some dvds later. as well. Ebay name is localgirl95 if interesting in helping me clean my room
Researchy search. If you're involved in citizen science at all, get in touch - that's what I'm researching.
Watching the coverage of François Hollande's first day as President of France and waiting for him to announce who the Prime Minister will be
Got first in the 100 and hurdles.
Yo, what's up?! not too bad here, always the battle of trying to work projects while paying the bills....how's it there?
Setting up for TEDX Nashville at TPAC today. It's going to be a great show!!
"Wade in the Water," new program of gorgeous spirituals, tmrw , 8pm! Tix available online or at Wentz Hall!
What about Corpus? It's fairly close to S.A (: You have a lot of Mahomies here !
Really Bored Hope Mi #Nye Night Go Good Wanna Party Like A Rockstar
Find the right balance between self-promotion and self-description. Showcase your personality!
I'm down to do so--keep me posted.
Just seen the Broadway play "Magic Bird" and it was pretty cool
Hmm how late will I be up tonight..
o_O RT It's sad that people really pay money to have more followers.
I'd like to think I'm self-motivated, but all the credit goes to coffee.
when you're low, that shit's as precious as gold. It's awful printer ink cartridges have to be kept in locked, alarmed boxes.
Excited for my babys school trip tomorrow....but #mommyworries :(
Rao's Coffee will be available on the shelves at Big Y as of Monday, May 14. Enjoy!
Word of the day is ROUGH! Joints, voice & energy are shot today!
#Saints vs #49ers unbelievable game! TD Saints. Wow
i remembered the name Pam Coronado i think..anyway dont know her personally just heard of her work :)
I've been alright. You?
One of my favorite book-related sites is Not a bookstore, but has ties to and
dry roasted almonds are yum!
Curses, foiled again! Eff you metro!!!
Love how loud this ump at the Yankees/Angels game is at calling strikes. Sounds like he's taking a tough poop with each call.
Just had an amazing inspiring time with all the people next level seminar. Great job everyone way to play full out.
Need to finish this year a
I'm 20
(2/2) unrealistic. Perhaps certain events are meant to test our ability to feel, even if negatively.
for valentines day?No need to wonder if you are with the right one. True love at its best!
You're welcome
Every band needs at least one dude who dresses up as a cowboy. Okay, country bands don't count.
False alarm. They lost track of the plane. It is at the gate. That makes me a little uneasy but at least we r jeaded home
Good morning One hour till the straw poll opens. in tent at 1:30PM today. So excited to be here!
bit of a big lady but ya. Scary as shitttttt Hahahahaha.
Thanks for the follow! You've got yourself a new fan=) Loving the music!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your little sister screams N-I-P-P-L-E-S, Nipples ARE what I like best! What the heck? #weirdestchildever #freak <U+E40D>
lol oh ok
Ended up with a rainbow bead necklace tonight.
i would love to=)
Still trying to figure out how I managed to pull relatively decent numbers out of my ass at work today
how stoked are you for lost bayou ramblers/quintron show?
It's frickin freezing in here Mr. Bigglesworth.
Fidelity National Title in Albuquerque-completely unreasonable in not allowing a closing before HUD charges the buyer $25 for closing delay!
Should do a collaboration one of these days..
Nightmares all night. What does that mean?
I love the Excalibur and Luxor, the best hotels on the Strip!!!
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
Avengers was amazing. And I'm going to have too much fun with my new Avacyn archangel.
survived an evening with the ex!! and is now enjoying rugby. Let's go England!!
Merry Christmas!
"We are all trapped in prisons of our own creation" See Vanessa Lunnon in Getting Out (M.Norman) dir. Andrew Hamrick. www.lyrichyperion.com
LOL...it is rough but I know you can do it. But if you're limiting it to seafood, it may not be too bad.
might just have to I know a kid with some serious Talent. follow back
following you :)
Welcoming our newest members summermom, jlinroos, cajack and our 100th member NV-Amber. Welcome aboard all and enjoy!
Well this is simple! > other musicians.
I KNOW RIGHT
Ah magic #gooseontherocks ": Hey make some magic for he is on route.. #seeyousoon"
#NF sorry I'm mad late
but nothing beats a pathway of desire.
It's great when local businesses like Collector's Corner support local filmmakers!
What the~~~~?!? Dude! What was that?? The cinnamon apple air freshener in my car could not mask that smell. Ew!
Somber mood at Invisible Children HQs. Hugging, Tears, lots of people on cell phones.
cant wait to hear new original song!!!
It would turn into an episode of the First48 after she killed me
- so looking forward to seeing her next week!
i saw Never Say Never today was very cool movie good :)
How's everybody doing today?
Kk Jacob because u asked so nicely
-_- You didn't have to hit me with that face lol. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
It drives me insane when autocorrect changes 'fave' to 'face'. Literally insane.
haha thanks very nice of you to comment :)
because I'm here? :D
RT : All dreams come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Updating cabinet hardware is an easy way to change the overall appearance of your kitchen without investing a lot of money or time.
Tat my name on you #SoIKnowItsReal for example RT": Don't make permanent decision for your temporary emotions #tfb"
I close up my ears to close off my heart, so i can drown out the noise of this cruel world.-- Shinji Ikari
Goodnight! All (:
I got your message. We can plan for tomorrow evening around 8 my time. Does that work for you?
is filming from #CityTavern tomorrow morning! Watch us EARLY on the news.
I barely have days off to even use it. I can't wait until summer.
RT : I tried to text my mom "Happy Mother's Day" autocorrect changed it to "Happy Mothers Fat"... #autocorrectfail<LMAO WOW
THE WEAK WILL NOT AWAKEN IF TIME FROM LACK OF SLEEP! THE STRONG WILL WAKE UP ANYWAYS
well i think I would rather not hear about them. Seeing as though we will be living there next semester.
where will the auditions for Miniotics be?
After studying for the past 4 days and 5 hours...I'm gonna wake up early and study some more.
awesome thanks!
get well soon! You helped me win both my fantasy leagues last season. Plus the Red Sox probably need you too.
that was a nice moment
you know it! Kicking it right now!
Jeff van gundy is a fucking waste of sperm!!!
Hospitality Night The Anchor Bar.. ALso 50cent wings all day and night.
Bihhest CHOKE ever!!!!!
Look out for the grand opening of that PO$ITIVE PU$H online store!!
Met used powerful lobbyists to kill bills that would have brought forward and audit of Met & more transparency.
yep. Every ep of 24/7 this season and the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame Ceremony
Oh yeah! I actually lose it at that exact part!!! No one will remember who won....! Love it!
isnt it too late for you?
Congrats on the new job! It's a good-news kind of day. :)
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! But tomorrow,
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!<3
Im assuming your playing flight B with 6pm start vs the insane 9am start time right?
“: To all that dislike me, this is from the bottom of my heart... Fuck your feelings.”
Did you know that Cracker Barrel is very anti-gay? Please don't support businesses with hidden and hurtful agendas.
Life is sweet, isn't it? Happy for you having all these great opportunities. Enjoy!
<~~~~was just referred to as a mean crack dealer in SMS ;)
hi Aliah!!! all is well down in Louisiana...:-)
I really hope Phillip is safe tonight!!!
Unfortunately, my birth certificate was looted from a temple sometime during the Pelopennesian War.
20% off all lotions and 30% off all tan extender moisturizers until the end of August at 123 W Madison!
Fuck yeah ! Kindle arrived a day early >< I don't think I've been so excited in a long time ! Big time nerd <3
on the level if not better than Teen Dream, but will take some getting used too. There are some gems on there for sure!
Gumbo 1c again!
i went from 267 2 271 and i pass out
collabs and live instrumentation! :)
BRCC game day on Saturday!!
God Night Brody (:
Wow, well thanks a lot. Hah Stupid Technology...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Oh, glad you got 2 go out! That's so important! We have to keep our sanity. :)
good u?
It must be fun live the tour life. You know partying all night then sleeping all day.
it was FAB!! Such a lovely show.
RT : Going to enjoy watching the Apple keynote tonight. Didn't follow the live blogs.
The building is here! It's in pieces and not ready to go up yet, but it's here! Slab next week...starts going up beginning of October.
where at?
They do in my world. RT - , these badges don't exist.
An excellent way to start this day :)
If u can drive thru dearborn without getting hit, u can drive in the indy 500..
Dang. I HATE car payments. Just let me keep my money.
ooh you bad!
What do you shoot with? I'm dying to get the Canon EOS 5D Mark II and the Canon EF 24-70mm f/2.8L USM. Now I just need a few thousand bucks.
Well that was the most shitty practice in the history of shitty practices...
Nice innovation open house at Good student population here in Boston.
Enjoying Nathan Martin from Deep Local talking about new technology in the ad world. Be willing to accept change!
you did that on purpose ;p
I miss my bestfriend D':
Congratulations Taylor H and Angela K for winning our holiday raffle! They each receive $50 gift certificate to Townshend's!!
Yep, Gots to love those *Vintage* aircraft! (runs ducks hides)
<------- follow them! Sick company!
Microsoft Word 2010 tutorials: Microsoft Office Home &amp; Student 2010 ...
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
he is not gone, he is watching over you and the blue and white on top mount nittany. He is the father of so many he is PENN ST.
Nice drive Bucks, Woody is proud of you.
Cascade offline on May 5 7AM-1PM for maintenance. No access to Cascade but maintenance doesn't affect your live websites.
Amazing that there are different rules for UNC and Kansas on block/charge calls
Looking good :) is this going to be the CD Cover?
Philip Philips!!! <3
The coolest part of the Madonna half time show was the end - when she let us all know she's a Laker fan.
Haha yes!! I was laughing so hard when I read that part of it
People these days... Honestly "it's complicated" is not a fucking answer.
Gary Durham: Salvation is the saving of our love-life.
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
My boyfriend just put my phone in his pants..#Thanks #Awkward #TryingToSaySomething ? Lmao
Just read that the iphone5 is going to be build using liquid metal... how great is that for phonecalls?
tomorrow's spring..... and it started snowing.. great.... -_______-
Doesn't go through progressions. Tons of short throws. He's like Trent Edwards meets Blaine Gabbert.
That was so awkward...
Thanks. I'll take a look at it.
Way to go #TarHeels! Impressive win tonight.
Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor. - Franklin, Benjamin
Knowledge is power. Always stay open minded, you never know what new things you may learn. (aspire 2 inspire b4 u expire) Let's get it :-)
It hurts to close my eyezzz. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
HM...! I BEEN SLEEPING ALOT... VERY TIRED....
Dear #Giants fans, you now have 2 more weeks to be happy with Tom Coughlin. Then you can go back to calling for his head on a platter.
new years resolution to start using this
I've got the tune of a Jordanian concertino stuck in my head. Must be
I Don't LIKE HIM NO MORE HE TO MEAN.
My bra has sequins on it and it looks like I have lumpy boobs thru my shirt. Damnit.
umm idk, maybe not too long
Why you gotta bring your kid out when he's sick? You're just asking for a fussy night.
Yeah the Full Program doesn't allow you to dive deeper into a program or posters to see what exactly is that time & where
I really wish I could see today....but I guess I'll have to wait till Friday.
9 done out of 45 :D
Happy Birthday dude.
so wonderful catching up today! thank you so much! take care, and have a great holiday!
UGH. I sent it :( I'll try to send you another one as soon as I can.
NFL SUNDAY! Wear Your Team Gear and Get a FREE GIFT with $20 donation ALL DAY LONG! Full Menu WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy!!! ;)
is Rick Rubin the only person who uses Ping?
If you're interested in "Intro to Horseback Riding for Actors" in April, contact me! RSVP by Wed 3/14... session begins on Thurs April 5th!
Was supposed to be doing some vintage/mid-century shopping in st paul today, but all the cool shops r closed on monday... Gah!
#BeatTheHeat... Let's keep it going. #Faith #Knicks !
Harder to say "her invention works similarly to this thing I designed"--too many vague patents.
#salute RT“: Got some Patron for the night!”
need to hang with you for a day or two to get the lingo down
Whew! I'm so glad that you are! I was starting to worry. OH goody on the latte. Two sugars in the raw please. :-)
was a project. Caramelized sugar + bacon fat, poured over popcorn+crispy bacon. That boy is killing my hips.
#favmoviequote "How do you look at the man you love and tell yourself it's time to walk away?"
Times like these makes me miss being taken.....
I've never been so excited for summer before, camp tejas with my girls then going on a missions trip with my church to jamaica. so blessed <U+2764>
Fuck every single one of you that walked away from me; For someone or something else
Thanks David! Congrats to YOU for mixing the hell out of "Celeste and Jesse!"
Damn will dm me
Really excited for #TLISI2012!
Wth is happening
So who is still in B-Town?
I talk my shit but I back it up ahhaa
Apply micro links - they won't damage your natural hair! You can email us with any questions, we're happy to help! xox
There will be other times.
End of the second hour, M is up to 15.6, good enough for 6th at the table. Still a long way from the bubble: 2000 left, 585 get paid.
damn . about to leave this damn house & get blitttteddd ! fuck man <3.<3 inhale the good shit . exhale the bullshit !!
Still rocking the triumph?
We read to know that we are not alone. -C.S. Lewis
Thanks for following!
Photoshop really needs to add the ability so type-search for layers. I think they're in denial that web-designers use their app.
haha... can't we get some review units? We'll totally blog about it :)
Looking forward to meet today at NU "Feeding Boston, the view from the Front Lines"
Hi there!
shocked to hear reddit was used to deliver content to university homepage! #heweb11 MMP4
Eric Cantor making a mockery of the Republicans. You go boy destroy your party. Take care of the rich screw the poor!
I just love movies. All of them.
thanks redbox! “: It may look fake but it's real. Sony made the disc to look that way intentionally.”
The Ultimate Spa Package in Arlington, VA: Sea Salt Body Scrub, Vichy Shower, and 50 minute Aromatherapy Facial via
Counting how many girls in the program have the middle names of Elizabeth, Marie, Catherine, Lee and/or Nicole.
hey u follow me,,i follow u
Using Sass mixin and loving it
Or somebody paid a lot.
im already folowing him
The Sheehey - Zapruder timeout has slowed it down.
Good morning everyone!!!!
The movie It's Complicated is so funny :-)
Been laying on the couch watching movies all day, maybe ill step out for a moment
Help us celebrate the grand opening of SARA's new Branch Park in Goliad, TX this Saturday! BBQ, bluegrass, disc golf - 11AM to 2PM
Half the guys I went to high school with are complete closet cases. GoshenProblems
Yes! RT You don't have writer's block, you have life block. Go out and live life, and then document what happens.
"There was collegiality right before there was no more collegiality." - discussing WI politics, Feb 2011.
Miami doesn't even like the They've just got fans.
Why? It's not like you wash it when you get home.
B/t that article, "think like a man" and all the REST of the shit, I'm w/ "That's the shit I don't like"!
I miss oomf
Discovery of Witches - still with vamp romance but not as gushy as Twilight; add libraries and old books for an okay read to pass an aft
It's been 3 months since I've last been on twitter! Hope everyone has had a great summer/Labor Day weekend. Great to be back tweeting!
Thanks for the RT! Hope to see you there! :)
or often not at all
one more thing... Whats the black forest again?
Haven't been to the gym in nearly a week, feeling super slow and sluggish. Hopefully the workout will fix that.
My body tells me I didn't have enough tequila. I never feel bad after a night with Patron.
Yeah, something like that. I just wanna know why he was let go
..if they question why you still here; I'll simply just tell 'em, "love is real!"
Great day
why not?
our nurses, pharmd, etc do but not as much as physicians.
what is 5Linx...Telecommunications company. I am blessed with getting paid every time my customers pay their phone bills
Aggressive insult
Hate the lakers! #Lakers v #Celtics. Not sure I like 1 more than the other? U?
There were alot of great ideas at #IDEAdetroit but it felt like a lot of spoke to a wheel with no hub, We need something to connect it all
Loving you is the closest thing there is to heaven. ~ Author Unknown
I thought i stopped following you.
Lost all my followers. Jesus, Mary and Joseph.
YOU NEED TO FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! <U+2665>
hello tweet me if u wanna tlk :D
will do!
I want you now,here with me.
One of my only credits was on a movie that had Tom Noonan (Ripper from LAH) he's super tall & imposing
Pittsburgh leading 18-16 but the PAT is NO GOOD! Live from the 'Dome in the 2nd quarter.
cool profile picture!
You can't spell beautiful WITHOUT [BE YOU]. <U+2665>
I want a good day tomorrow.
yea I guess they need more then one show but it has been pretty rough
Well done Mr. Slavkin! Now we just need to get the initiative passed! 2/3's vote - who's in?
It's a little short on arias, but the music is lovely. The performers are quite good as well.
AMAZING video ! It's good to see Vinny dancing, and you both are so talented.
Haha. It makes sitting in traffic MUCH more enjoyable. RT : A fine vehicle for the terrible DC roads!
Sounds good to me :)
where everybody knows your name.
We'll be sure to add you to our lunch menu list ;)
I talk about One Direction as if I actually know them.
You read, review and help promote books and authors. My kind of gal.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. Alan Watts
Clickbank Succes - Make a few extra dollars with clickbank
you have a great voice. I am now following you
"There are 2 rules for success: 1) Never tell everything you know"
I always feel more motivated on grey days; if only it were warm enough to open windows.
lmao let me find out why didn't you call me lol
Okay i was too haha and eh same here X)
“: Ok, so the only sexy teams are #TeamTaurus #TeamLeo and #TeamCapricorn.” So Ironic
good looks thanks for the support
Nice bullpen !!! #brewers down to 2!
Someone stole my cheese out of the fridge at work That was a big part of my lunch.
You don't have to be a republican to be conservative
Struggling to hit with runners in scoring position, is there any doubt that this will come back and haunt them today?
thanks! Great resource!
Ah, tea.
"Cortese" in Italian means courteous. Gavi wines are just that.
This wind <<<
killing it on ESPN First Take. Somebody give this man his own show already!
Headed back to Texas!!! Yay will be home on the 20th ... Goodbye Alaska .. So excited to see friends & family before we move again
hahahah i am :)
thanks man.
yeah I'm watching it on Netflix and the girl just asked Zach to take him to Indianapolis haha these characters suck tho
Darren Collison had 15 points in this fourth quarter
when you realize you're recording when you meant to take a picture.
Gonna go public soon. This is exciting!
Design menu: dirty mint,molten chic, nutella, blood orange, cranberry & blood orange, vanilla, vanilla pear , red velvet, pistachio, fig...
One of the more fascinating topics of life is the leaders of history and how they shaped the world
Now each candidate gets to ask every other candidate a question.
Work happiness tally: +1 for general happy buzz in anticipation of tonight's reception for speakers, -1 construction noise from next door
I'm thankful for everyone living out their life's passions. Thinking of them puts a smile on my face.
LOL!! I wish the lady had a better insult. Your video is gonna get way more hits than mine. Everyone loves "moondoggie"
thanks girl :) RT “: Ran 2:04.88 today..god is good :)”-- congrats
What was the best thing you got for Christmas this year? If it wasn't tacos, we'll have some for you tonight for $3 at Lincoln's!
I knw bra
I'm in NYC next week! I'll see you the week after. :) hope you are having a blast!
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
It’s likely that one of the most useful commands your dog should learn is ‘leave it’
Power play!
no I'm still following you
thank you! =)
Now live on #FirstCoastConnect with
It seems like public officials want to become the "masters" telling "we the people" what to do...I don't think so...
I wish a boyy would put a note through thee little vent thingg on myy locker .. :) too adorable !
you should bust out some dance moves at our next show in Atlanta on 1/04 !
Caked tonight now he pissin me off !
Hope my Lakers will get it down tonight after we embarrassed ourselves in South Beach last night
Gah! "Drinking large amounts of cola-based soft drink bev."...I live on diet DP. As a kidney trans. recipient, what are some alternatives?
RT : RT : "half of world's population live in cities....cities are the crossroads of social justice issues"...
#VIKINGS! Let's get an insane W tonight!
Faux News has to love the Olbermann and Current TV are suing each other. Gives them real news to report instead just making it up.
Some research for you: See Good luck!
do you think youklis will ever forgive Bobby V
im unemployed for now, lemme know
Ivy is a bitch!!
Yeah ima just go to sleep. Im not thinking right anymore
My new phone is so much better than my family.
RT : Looks like a great time at #svesmc - how could it not with & all....
Please follow me!It would mean alot to me!c; <3
I love ya too, you crazy person!;)
Shout out to the #NOTREDAMEWOMENS BASKETBALL TEAM... GREAT WIN LADIES!!! NEXT STOP WE GOING TO THE SHIPS.. WHAT! WE GOING TO THE SHIPS! Lol
whoa now I hear that pimpin lol
Mike. You fucking rock.
ICE BOX duh.. any more brain busters?? I could name every character in this movie...and quote them. knows this
get it cut short
dilly upstairs, now I can invite everyone and the dad won't go cray haha! X
Big goals are achieved through small victories.
roll up
i think im watching Honey 2 ? i never knew it was a second one thoe ..
Anchorman-ing with , , and Hannah. She's
great meeting you today! Looking forward to teaming up here with you guys in the near future. Thanks again!
Dang. If you're not a UK or KU fan. You have nothing to say to me.
Take some #MEtime today! Special introductory rate of $49 for a one hour massage.
sounds great to us!
Incredible dinner and service, as always. Thank you for a fun night!
The opposite of what I want is happening.
kelly osbourne! didnt even have to think about it
Good quote, huh? From Horace Mann at Antioch College, now read to each graduating class
only you in my heart
Premier League - Paper Round: City&#39;s £40m move for Bale
Joe Thornton delivers a clutch wrister for the and with a win over Dallas their playoff outlook would get MUCH brighter.
Very true. RT : "Art is not what you see, but what you make others see." -Georgia O'Keeffe
Sorry, just checked my phone. Just left. :-( was super fun, though!
Delighted to say that a new short film that I am in just finished its 2 night premiere at the Sonoma International Film Festival!
dont ever call one of my pics cute lol
. We're hosting a Hill briefing w/ & so hopefully #Democrats will attend
I bet would go see it again with you if you asked her :)
“: Who wants to take a nice jog with me” I do!
hey andrew!! what up? :]
is all over my facebook timeline! lol NYC mahomies must be happy.
RT : I'm tweeting you <---What Is This You NEVER Tweet Lol
The steps between now and then are going to b hard for u if u havent figured out ur path yet
I really wish we could have stayed longer. I <3 DC
haha omg i love nikki she is my GURL!!! lol i can rap too!!
Earlier tweet cut: on bus to match, loud person on phone, sounded like man is WO-man.
My mom just asked if hockey players wear flippers like on Toddlers & Tiaras.
ewww dark chocolate is gross!
i can't get on the pintrest bandwagon either. just can't add yet another thing to have to update
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
This collection is 75% amazing, 25% garbage. They were just lucky that ratio is high enough that I'll winnow through it for them.
Life's greatest accomplishments are those that at first seem impossible.
Whoever thought you and i would end up head-over-heels in love with eachother.
And with that, we close out the 2011-2012 season. Hope you enjoyed it as much as we did! Thank you for coming along with us!!
RT : Related: we will be talking about social media ice breakers such as in tonight's #shehechat at 8pm CST. Join us!
Picking up from work w/Nikki
Which Cab was your favorite?
Responsibly going to bed now. Counting pitches to put me to sleep.
I want to but idk when u.u
You cannot not communicate. Every behavior is a kind of communication and behavior does not have a counterpart - Paul Watzlawick
funny old guy at Starbucks w/heavy Russian accent: "that's too much coffee for a young girl like you!"
its the clothes...
Great to see waving the green flag from a bucket truck over Washington street to start the Indianapolis Mini Marathon this AM!
They are not answering the question get em Jim
RT : Garnett has now gone to free throw line on two straight possessions by posting up. Celts have taken 16 FTs, ATL has 4 FTA
My nigga Shump just blew out his knee smh
okay, want to know why on the show Abby has all the tech toys and her monitor is an old crt..?
Software Update thingy is jumping in the Dock like a puppy begging to be let inside. But I'm never sure if it's been paper-trained.
where the fuck are you ( aka ) Call of Duty chat!
Gone surfing @ sanjuandelsur ...oink!!
just enjoy today
"The only reason your girlfriend even likes your dick, is because her mom told her to enjoy the little things in life."
Anybody know how much an AP Exam cost?
Hey Thanks for kudos.
The role of the wagged media who while being duped lapped up the sensationalism. The parallelism is amazing.
And now that the day is over.. time to relax with the love
Thanks my man!!!
LOSER! how the heck do you have like 5000 tweets?!
no ways never sorry if u thought so
I support that decision 100% haha just lemme know when. I'll make sure you get to experience the great parts of Ohio!
Thanks for the follow. We love the music, especially "Love Left Behind". Do you write your own music?
not anymore .____. I would loved to have played with you!
- I can only tell you that my MA degree is in media studies and sociology, which cover both production and development.
RT We often can't see what God is doing in our lives, but God sees the whole picture and His plan for us clearly.
Proverbs 15:33 The reverent and worshipful fear of the Lord brings instruction in Wisdom, and humility comes before honor.
What's yo email bubba , I'm bout to send the song !
ight wait I beat on u all day tomorrow lol
I think I have had my fairshare of black women its time to open my mind to other types of women
Watch yourself big girl...
Thank you! Have a great weekend! :-)
#Monday forecast Mostly sunny & near record heat. High 88
How did barbie even feel anything ?
jesus tapdancing christ it was raining hard
its worth it!
so okay, if u hate who love u, the problem is yours, u don't like mentions speaking I love u? Sure you're a loser!
Only five days until the #InfoCamp "unconference". Register now -- you don't want to miss it!
Hola Solo Flamencos! Today you should see and email about Rewards for free classes via Perkville! Look in your inbox for details!
Day off tomorrow so pumped!
Eclipse IDE, why U no love me this morning?
Bunk Sandwiches for lunch and Castagna for dinner.
He like da orange an yellow startburst...i like da red an pink...we a perfect match....
have Yu produced for tech 9
looks dapper today with his blue ensemble to match the blue Terrace Chairs.
Uncomfortable pissing.... Good got damn.....
Is there ever to much rigging? Nope.
Bumping dis gift of gab rolling up
ok man let me know!
#3WordsForYou Believe in God
First game of the season tommaro.
It is not a good day to run!
Great job. Thank you.
We offer all types of residential shredding services.
Anybody out there ever gotten a traffic ticket (moving violation or not) for something something surprising or weird?...
hahaha I didn't know I was that funny Woo
We are closed today, but our sister restaurants are open -->> and
Hungry? Come in for a slice of homemade quiche or a breakfast sandwich TODAY!
Excited about Yancy being bk in.Milwaukee its been a long 7weeks
u are such a humble and amazing soul! much success and grace be with you ..
Working on library location skills with 2nd/3rd this week and wrapping up Mem Fox unit with K. And book talking every day!
Smoking.on a personal Finna nap fuck it
Haha! RT : . knows how to throw a SWANK movie marathon, that's for sure!
Knock KnockWho's there !Barry !Barry who ?Barry the dead !
WIN A SLOT TO OPEN UP FOR THE LIL KEKE SHOW MAY 3RD AT TONIGHT !!!!
what kind of dog?
that would be great man...we have two shows on the 14th and then we're free the rest of the week
I hate fighting with my sister, we keep fighting cause we both want to be right!
Is it me? Or is the day going by really slow?
"Utilize" has no utility, as far as I'm concerned.
I'm not sure I can be in a serious relationship with someone who goes to Long John Silver's for the chicken.
Think you have what it takes to win flip cup? Then find 5 friends and sign up for the olympics at Choppers! Email for questions
Ever wonder what all contains foam? Or how it's custom cut? Come on in and check out our facilities and ask us!
the lovers, the dreamers, and me...
Im going in the studio pretty soon !! I need a featured artist ! Anybody dwn ??
Lil Henry's baptism, laundry, dog park, prom preparation! Busy day! :)
I'm recording the Syckest Records possible - #Single "If U Wonderin" - March 2012 - Snippet @ www.weedropweerock.com #weedropweerock!!!
Perhaps at the SpaceX launch? :) Did you know that you share a birthday with George Carlin?
With 1M new smartphone users a week, you have to know there's going to be some huge changes in #mHealth coming soon.
I could talk to you all day and night and never tire.
That moment when you've just sent a text message and you receive one during the sending process
I will have at least a short chorus for you tomorrow!!
Why can't I be happy? :/
thank you
I will bring hand sanitizer to avoid infection.
:) oomf needs to call me
not a fan of Billy Crystal
Congrats to on a win for game 3 #allin Get another win on Tue!!!
I Swear Is
Apologies for all the emails overnight. We're working hard to fix some issues, and will report back.
Broadcast all experiences so that we may know them.
In Connecticut now. There is a ton of snow and its still coming down hard!!! ...I'm loving it!!!
Mac miller>>
no they not who told you that lie?!
Me: (to guest) May I see your ticket? Guest: I'm with the press... Me: I still need to rip your ticket... Guest: Well you can wait!
this is 's girlfriends twitter I FINALLY found the right one:))
is taking it 1 nap time at a time...oh not MY nap time, Jett's. If I can get him to sleep for more then 30 minutes, I might get a nap too!
can't wait for the #BELIEVE tour gonna be big!
2 obfuscate & obstruct may b a sound legal strategy but it doesn't live 2the democratic principle of transparency
the bloated baby like broken pottery in the earth
Music help me sleep...
thanks! You too
Tonight's yummy dinner is in the oven...I can't wait! It's cream cheese and chive stuffed pork chops, green beans, and quinoa. Yum!
yeah wow. Shot to the chest. Strange way to commit suicide.
Hey everyone it's 6:01pm. Have a fun and safe Friday night.
Studying is damn near my life.
Standing in line with matt whoop whoop!!!
#Clippers dominating the #Thunder in the second half. Outscoring them 44-25 since halftime
Work with me, body. Work WITH me.
well I won't deny that Allagash is great ALL of the time.. But no, this morning isn't demanding an Allagash:)
I'm so tired, just scared to sleep.
Great song! Thank you for sharing!
phonee with my friend then bed.
Lazy Jane's on Willie Street
3:01 am.. work is done for today :( now if I can make it thru this boyscout camping trip without someone saying "make it pop" ill be ok ;)
yes it's possible with a light saber, anything is possible with a light saber
Warming up on some herkies and frount handsprings bfor cheer(:
i make more than that in a week while on vacation
RT RT peace & prosperity 4 both countries will only come when citizens are informed we are interdependent
Marshall Tucker Band playing right now!
#ireallywant you back
Morning to y'all ^.^
Good luck with Thrift Store Bounty Hunters. Hope it does great!
Just woke up 0.o
4 hours left....
No, just accurate! :) MT Every time I see I think it's pumped UP libr & picture her w/ huge muscles Is that weird?
My boss wrote me a poem for my 1-year-job-anniversary. It contains the phrase "Oxford comma-dienne."
I swear on #glee they didn't say his name was Rory. I heard Roy. Where the fuck did the r go?
Photoshop just gave me the spinning rainbow wheel of death.
Just sent it in. Thanks again, have a great day.
RT : News:Fukushima announced that they'll start check & rescue animals left inside 20km zone
Nice to see The U win tonight
chillin dude jammin out too some tdwp. You bro?
My fav part of the This American Life live show was the story about the found photographs ..so good!
OMG!!! Right now, the U.S. Congress is considering legislation that could fatally damage the free and open Internet
I went M.I.A. to get caught up on work!! Catch up tomorrow? Btw...love that you are on twitter!!!
I think they must be. Or even dog^3 years.
Getting sick. Going into dress rehearsals. Practically snorting Emergen-C.
I know all about smoking is dangerous to people but this cigar is so soothing & relaxing.
Put ur pride and ego aside I might change life
Wrist hurting feet hurting back aching I'm falling apart! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
missin home right about now :(
ur very welcome
haha he will! just keep asking(:
Holy crap Ned Stark dies
I like that show
70 to go and & No. 38 Great Clips in P4.
that sounds fun!
lucky I wanna meet Elise soo bad
What's hard about not cheating? If one person isn't enough, then leave. its a lot easier than always having to cover your ass
Single greatest comment on &#39;Twilight&#39; movies ... ever
QoTD: "If you only do what you know you can do - you never do very much." (Tom Krause)
It was a wonderful surprise to see on stage with & MEN last night!
Thanks to everyone who participated in the UC Twitter contest! Congrats to our winner - Next chance to win starts this Monday!
So, I made crepes a couple of weeks ago. They were good. Now I want to make more and construct a crepe cake w/lemon curd filling. YUM.
I get like this whenever I run out of business cards. Seems like as good a time as any to chuck it all.
dam juelz, thats how you feel kid?
i give u one with no screaming needed ;)
What's new? We now have 25 different scents of 18Oz Soy Candles, Clean Cotton, Odor Ban, Lavish Lavender and many more. Call 505-268-7627
Wow. Haha its fucked up that this all started with her telling me what to do about a person she dosnt even know.
Finally Friday Special Free Ground Shipping all Day.
Thx , we stand corrected. Already followed so is our #FF today
nice choices! Both are songs we love to play live! We have a brand new cd coming out in a few months! Be excited!! <3
Dale!! On my way to #Greenwaves!!
ah! i love it!
LOL What was the reason given? (for deleting, not potato-likeness)
Way too hot!
*drops my sword* Well spank me sideways. RT : =Snorts=Just ask a few and you'll see I make more then just an effort.
Coach P (my college bball coach) - hey hey hey, go to the boards.
My beard has now reached that stage where people refer to me as "hey, lumberjack". That's what I call a success!
Goin to the movies goin to c roommate with and more friends my boy friends gonna be there (:
because my school doesnt understand that i work and wont be flexible with their time. so i cant prove i am enrolled to get my deferment to
yes, haha. #welfarebaby. Hows everything down south? You gonna go see Brit?
Love is why I came here in the first place.
Fuck Kony.. Strive and make money for the kingdom of GOD he should be made famous because America is trying to get ppl to stop believing
LOL I've been tweeting from this dudes phone for an hour now. I asked him if it was cool & he said "FUUUUCK YEA BRO!" lmao he still high tho
At the Tamara Williams Memorial Lecture at UofM. Keynote speaker is David Lisak, looking forward to it!
Love Redken? Don't miss our special! Buy 2 Redken products and get 1 FREE! Hurry! This deal won't last long!
okay thanks. I still have tons of work to do on it so if you could give me any advice that would be great.
hmm....i wonder how many followers i will have 2morrow//?
Don't you have work? RT : just kicking it in Brooklyn
Huge Fan! anyway I can get a free sticker? :)
Feel That Happy Feeling....
I mean, I don't know how you climb a ladder by fucking it, but I guess he's mastered that already.
The world reads American Libraries Magazine?
Thanks for the RT :) Hope you are having a fabulicious Tuesday!
Save the date: 08/1/2011 3rd Annual Alta Mira Golf Classic. Use your golf addiction to help some very special kids and families.
The WMSE website, inlcuding streaming audio, will be down all day on Friday, April 6th for campus-wide tech upgrades. Back up on Saturday
whoa. B careful...
talking about Salsa/Drupal integrations as well as a lunch BoF on Code-a-thons, Bounties and Contests for code
Guterman: 1/3 of cases of child abuse and neglect occur in kids 3 yrs or younger.
It's nice when people become obsessed with you. I know I'm the best at what I do, because God told me so. I wish I had my other account.
Instant fan of John Baldessari ... it's time to burn my past.
I guess we women work in mysterious ways! Enjoy your day (coffee or no coffee)!
My last name is pronounced differently every time in this class.
Tune in to the John DiTullio Show on 1280 WHTK - NLL Commissioner George Daniel will be on to talk about the Championship game!
How come everyone bitches about Facebook on Twitter, but no one bitches about Twitter on Facebook?
Our sun just had a big solar flair, don't worry it was not pointed at us this time.
Had a great dinner at John Q's Steakhouse tonight with my Dine Out group.
Outside of a series of late hits and pushes, I haven't seen much out of Burfict tonight.
People always look at the bad things. Why doesn't anyone look at the good things?
I slid 4 feet today while playing my match. I now have a small hole in my right ankle
": Lots of rebuilding going on in #Minot. The flood damage here is still incredible." Pop in and see coach Rudolph!
Yooo big ups on the last #Jacked show on Sirius Took me back to some nights this summer at
I have SUCH a good idea....... come to Seattle ;)
Loved the pin too! we should print some up and sell! RT : Thanks for the RT Dave! Having a good Friday so far?
Did you know that the sweet and snack industry had a 2.5% growth last year?
#nowlistening "Winds of Change" by The Scorpions
Thanks! RT : love your blog serious n thought provoking esp is this yoga
Hey guys follow my instagram account i just made it and need help ok its stay_up_all_night_with nialler plzzz follow i need yalls help!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
QA: where can i buy an RIS airsoft laser with an on/off switch? ebay !
best of luck ! I've ran it twice .. Yes very flat. Have fun !
Up early! I'm at to talk about disaster preparedness in the wake of recent deadly tornadoes.
your boy Decker is working w/ Manning, u planning on joining them? U know how confusing Manning can be yelling shit out presnap
RT : 1.Band of Heathens, 2. Lera Lynn Their back to back performance on are just two reasons why my job is awesome!
"I've seen more attractive farm animals than her" "I've seen ones with more class too"
Big congrats to for being the first #thatcamp SE applicant! And to the other 10 who have already thrown in their hats!
OMG Thanks to my followers because I went to sleep with 35 and woke up with 67 y'all are the best a girl could have!:)
Apolo Ohno on BMW stage. Recalling line from Esquire profile of a few years ago: speed skaters propelled by their "gigantic elephant asses."
Big congrats! RT I'm a little belated, but HUGE congrats to and on their engagement!!
I know Thursday we can make a fun drinking game out of the draft. Who down ??
Q2 Also, will I be working with library IT, college IT or both at the same time?
#rumorhasit OMG they have to be headliners
It was great meeting Joe from Challenge tonight. It would be awesome to see startup team from in the Challenge.
Sorry I missed this earlier. Were you able to match up with a group today?
I know right! Never thought he would get one :D
Last-Minute Plans: I CAN DO THAT - Art That Invites You To Prove It
Prof. just shared with us his weight fluctuates between 165-175 but it's the "stupid scale's fault."
What happened during the bye week?
Can't wait for this friday!
just ate so much greasy food :( Jesus spare me.
LeBron's mouthpiece with the Roman lettering "XVI" is for the 16 playoff wins needed for a title. He got XIV last year
sounds good to me <3
Nelson Mandela: "education is the weapon of the people." thank you Minister Pandor for the reminder!
i get so fucking tired of you sometimes i swear.
The world is coming to an end. Call me maybe is on the radio...
#COFLA opens with compelling video about impact of #philanthropy in wake of crisis, w/ Morgan Freeman voiceover.
Just saw My Week with Marilyn.. Fantastic!!!
I bet the first guy in history to do The Worm was immediately tied to a bed while someone ran for a preist to perform an exorcism.
Are you from NC?
What happened?
What other shows would you like to be on?
Today note AWESOME
idk and starting not to care either
next time we go see a movie together, I'd appreciate it if you'd refrain from trying to give me a handie. No means no, bro.
Let me know what you think.
Bryan eisenberg, , now talking about apple and Steve jobs.
Thanks Chris! RT picked up issue1 at Wombleton Recs. Great job on the issue. Keep it up!
Wife of the Day Award: Jackie for reciting like a poem the words to the theme song for Flaming Moe's.
I expect a full report in the morning. This sounds like a story and I am feeling meddlesome!
RT : "When I'm trying to be on the next thing, I'm not in the now" re: being on social media. Great mindset!
Absolutely, by the way, we'd love to see you gentlemen get soupy on our blog!
loved your piece in #rollingstone on #stevejobs. Wonderful tribute and great insight on his transformation over the years.
Myla is up to 24 pounds - magically! Hard to believe she started at 1 pound when you see those legs! She's a runner!
VLJ’s next Divorce Seminar, open to the public, is scheduled for April 19th at 10:30am at 212 Washington St.
Enjoying H&FJ's typography RT Quote of the day (Vaughan Oliver): "If print was invented tomorrow, it would be 'the death of digital.'"
Thanks for the follow, , ! We're tickled to have you.
lmao naw I just like what I see
lets do it!! you tell me when and im game. ive been watching so many hitchcock films lately too...its a sign!
It's true if you don't want to know than don't ask cause you may not like what you hear
Feeling like it has all been a lie...
I've got my office at CMU - come find me in GHC 5703.
Any calculus tutors out there? I need a study guide
Ok. Ok. I'm on. Stop the invites. =)
I love pandora radio!
IS IT FRIDAY, DID I WIN??? Undisputed Heavyweight SUPER FAN OF
Come see my vocal jazz group, Who Joined, tonight at Quenchers! We'll be singing all your favorite on-hold classics! NO COVER!
that tarantula is going to get'chu. C:
Running errands with my three year old sister is incredibly hard.
You're kidding me…7 days or more for initial contact from your servicer? Who thinks that's acceptable customer service?
About to fall into the "swirling vortex of information"
The division name is "CoMo Cauldron" and the p/w is "mcnallys"
& I pinky promise<3
A woman was attacked walking her dog around Jamaica Pond Monday morning. If you have info call at 617-343-5628.
I was just there! You only have the size 6-10
A Blondie and a brunette were taking a walk and the brunette says "oh look a dead bird." And the Blondie looks at the sky and says "Where?"
20% off red tag sale including jordan nike levi and addidas. DONT MISS OUT
I have all the colors in Draw Something. Now what?
Ok, now the London Olympic Committee is just getting paranoid. Banning water bottles because they could be bombs? Uh, no.
My life is way too complicated right now to start liking someone. Shut up, brain.
Is Cee Lo Green a little person?
Just had some great hill briefings with our NJ delegation. Capitol Hill here we come!
Happy Monday, my friends. May God shine on and through you today. Have a great day, by choice. Peace
well tonight isn't break so I'm not finishing
Loved the signs! Thanks and cheers!
Woo! haha yeah thta's a pretty simple sentence to work out. you should see what I have to work with in spanish.
#FF - This girl is amazing. She's always there no matter what. Love her. Auburn University! Here we come ;)
im lovable.
Is PocketGamer hosting a GDC party this year?
. Share profusely. Seek help from potential members, so you can develop a sense of camaraderie. Project your values.
Following the temperature on my phone like it's the sports score ticker. Tulsa 107, OKC 105
Thanks for the golf RT!!!
s turn it over AGAIN without getting a off. Cunningham to line for 2. Drops 1 of 2 but OSU gets rebound. That might do it!
I pay $100 a month for Internet that's actually 1.76mbps down and 0.31mbps up.
food without cheese? That sounds really gross. #abomination ;)
working from home today. Time to dive into the world of Java and create magically powers amongst all my companies’ computers. We Prevail!
mf need to stop calling meh on sum stalker type shyt !!!
Maya Rudolph is married to Paul Thomas Anderson and that is just the best kind of fact.
probs cuz ur in love with a sexy man named Ash Purdy :D
These folks killing me thinking they gotta be best friends with they sibling
Have a great Thursday!! A way to living up your day, is stopping by us.
Everyone in the world is familiar with the #DaVinci #Code correct? But now it's time for the DaVinci #Street Code.
We have Reggie and Daniel Thomas!! No need for RB, best OL or DE/LB would be smart
SF author Jerry Pournelle once said writing the 1 job that makes you want 2 take out trash, clean litter box, dry dishes.
This wait staff on #restaurantimpossible all look like they've had their hearts broken multiple times...most likely by convicts
I love you mom<3
race as much as POC. Just because they stay silent dont mean they hate POC.
m...i had tacos too. Beef n chicken :)
Treat Yo'self! You'll love it. I use mine both at work and at home. Best recent purchase.
First down Cutler. I think Da Bears came to play
Icing like crazy? I ice so crazy I give myself frostbite--I don't recommend it!
I did an it is amazing! You should go ahead and post it for your fans.
aw, alrighty see u laterz.....if I'm still signed in otherwise have a GREAT weekend! =)
Interesting observation @ #GrowthClub. A lot of box owners don't get the ROI on #socialmedia yet.
We should trend something for <U+2665>
Thanks, Kyle!
I'm relocating to Atlanta & look., for a job~Sales, administrative, actress, print model, multitasking, personal asst., very qualified.
LA Defense is terrible. NE 3 LA 0. Crazy.
This DMV(White Plains) wait is gonna kill me
eh not much, in geometry as always -___- how bout you?
Sometimes I feel like someone does things on purpose to make me hate them...
The Lion's Club International float is pretty impressive, so many beautiful flowers throughout the entire parade simply amazing.
The Revolution ALWAYS begins with self! And on that note... Goodnight.
How do you explain One Directions gayity to a friend?
lmao i would never , you know i love you lol
thanks ! will miss you today :) but looking forward to RNR Nashville!!
Missing the Bay Area...
Cute pic ladies!
Special guest DJ will kick things off tonight! $2 PBRs, $4 stolis, $4 sailor jerry, $6 mini martinis, spooky punk r'n'r!!!
In 19 yrs of radio (half my life), always had eye for programming strategy & talent...you got both...no problem!
the lucky one= 1 giant facepalm
I had a dream about grey and nick from the new girl....
Who does any type of #Art in #Pittsburgh? #Follow me
i just saw this! thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
have a good day
Welcome to Amazed Radio, we've just arrived. Please follow and like on our FB pg
Enjoying my days off...
Lo siento, no tengo un facebook: (
"Now, watch this drive." W.
That sounds like a good rule to live by. I once spent $24 and I definitely didn't taste the extra 4 dollars worth.
suns are going down piña!
“: No apologies, no regrets.”
have you followed the straying South Africa about the rape video going viral? conversation is terrifying
I'm down for lunch someday
Imagine heated toilet seats. Yes.
you stayed up really late...almost like working my shift
#itsCrazyHow you left me just like that..
I hear my neighbor yelling in his house. Just said "You guessed that one right! Give yourself a brownie!"
The tide of whats right will always come to you, its up to you if you want to ride it or not
never you say that
“: Really? You think I'm fine.” Fuck Yeah
have fun as the experimental child of chronz
Implicit.Harvard.edu useful tool to evaluate bias so we can work to change. Children too can change. Predicts hiring, budget bias etc.
it is too!
“: hey Al..what's it mean when my battery icon turns grey and has an ! over it?”. Means your on twitter too much
HOLY SHIT... I will buy us both plane tickets to go to this wonderful place. SO AWESOME!!!
Haters are motivators duh
I’d love to read what you tweet, but there never seem to be links...
*Rt For A S/O
"Mammoth Book of the End of the World" also "Danske folkesagn, 1839-83" by Svend Grundtvig.
San Francisco's Blue Rabbit covers PIXIES "Hey" w/violin, harp, 3 foxy vox, & +: bit.ly/n4QamH
Who missed me????
#Fringe described in one word: "Soulful" That's a show worth saving.
#6wordstories By the time you read this...
30 yr mortgage rates avg at 4.09% Can you refinance and take advantage? Have you had difficulties getting a refi?
why does your torso go on forever?
Florida Gators a 2 seed? When did the NCAA give more eligiblity to Horford, Brewer and Noah? This isn't 2007.
I know, I know, I know ! And like, yeah I love him.
I am. I'm going to the beach today and I'll probably be up here again wednesday.
I'm excited feels like forever :o & u need to tour, haven't seen u since Denver with
It seems like he's talking to Romney right now. Millionaires, taxes, and "We don't begrudge financial success in this country."
HAHAHAHAH you're so funny Raven
Congrats!! How did you do? I'm sure awesome. It was definitely a nice morning for that run. Too bad the cherry blossoms were gone.
I Hate Yhu Bitch
Once water enters a boat & it starts to tip, harder & harder to set it right. Like that with #ag #policy & #corn. - Mark Muller.
The man crush for Hosmer will live on even if he hits .021
Wrote my first letter of reference today.
I'm as excited as Kristen Bell over a baby sloth to tell you Act Naturally has been accepted to The 2012 Los Angeles United Film Festival.
rite here !! (: wats up
Know anyone in NYC who might want a few hrs work as a Ruby tutor (with a view towards APIs)?
Good day with the 10th graders. They are really taking off with this PBL.
I'm so glad! I've had a smile on my face all weekend. :-D
you guys are kidding right??? Lol
o ok so how been
Taken for granted.
Yes I've changed. Pain does that to people
Eat something girl! We don't want to leave you starving. :)
Curt Barker, NIST: Data preservation is a runaway train that we're ignoring.
Don't spank me with your Bible belt.
- great musical comedy from NYC!
Not coming to school tomorrow till 10.(: Yay i get to sleep in.<3 Night yall! (:
I think Barajas is Spanish for 'Guy that strikes out before the pitcher strikes out'.
wish you would just shutup and leave wwe. I legitimately hate you and everything you have ever done. Whiny little bitch.
everyone in basketball wives is an ex-wife O_o
I use G+ mostly for professional purposes - longer-form conversations than 140 characters. "Demi-blog"
- investigate Harry Thomas slush fund -accountability.
THANK U FOR A GREAT SHOW!!! #UniversityofCinncinati by way of
RT Sable's shares her end-of-tomato-season wisdom in 's piece today: bit.ly/oKKcJK
Brunswick&#39;s Saint Ambrose School is the site of new WeatherBug ...
....turned around and stole my heart. <U+2665>
With 1 in 3 kids bullied daily, you could say bullying is an epidemic. School programs can work if begun early.
i know man it sucks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Movies with
Denver is fuckin' huck and so is Javale McGee. *Shrug*
um… they do already? :P The null hypothesis is a thing after all.
Just finished eating the best lunch prepared especially for me this morning by
think is worth +\- $1 billion?
Same to you! But I hope to see you at the Networking Reception later!
FINAL SCORE: Ohio State 77, Syracuse 70 FINAL FOUR BOUND!
Had to bail early but we need to rain check some cigars in the near future for sure.
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
In NOLA for training to become National Faculty Member for , #PBL design/training experts, with , , others.
gimme a break. No.
Want to contribute to tonight's show? Let us know!
donations team: although a few people signed up to help with launchPad, we know God will bless it, and bless those who are faithful to serve
im good thanku x how come ur awake
Everyone go follow my other twitter; (:
Not happy...
Thanks for your opinions :)
Spending my last night as a college kid on north ave!
I only like being with my baby
It's the last restaurant I want to be in. I absolutely HATE that place.
lucky guess :)
when did i stop saying smig?
Pretty sure Tyler Perry's muse or Medea almost just hit my car
Left me feeling conflicted--don't think I could ever support drone attacks in that area even if they're killing the so-called "bad guys."
Shower then to continue this conversation then possibly yell at & myself for missing his call 2x
Saving Marriages on the Open Water Seven days of intensive therapy can be the life vest many marriages need to succeed, according to psyc
On that study grind
Failing at life.
A.M. Vitals: Some States Move Forward Voluntarily on Health-Insurance Exchanges via
A1: Currently, I find getting departments to clearly define their goals & to work with us to be the most challenging
nice!!! Great app!!!
I want to see a scholar's death match. | “: Just struck me: 's "religion" = 's "heresy."”
That's a fair point.
OMG Drake. Thank you for pumping me through this biz-biz-busy morning.
it's like text with some vowels.
He's quickly becoming the most sane Repub candidate, if only because his competition is batshit crazy.
can I get a RT? I am leaving for Air Force boot camp tomorrow in Texas it would be awesome for me i am a huge dodger fan
Hello Voice of Diabetes Listeners. Let us know you are there ! What are your plans Saturday at 11am ?
I guess it's a good thing that nothing can get thru the senate.
O! I've been using (and thinking about) ESTC lots lately. Creating MODS records for some digitized 17/18th century plays.
Love the Prince Skit on the
who are you?
Did our show come on last night? I passed out at like 7 yesterday.
always but iv been there so thinking Aruba or St. Thomas
Sometimes You've just got to go through trusting that there is Victory. I'm focusing on Him-Jesus-He's directing & pushing & pulling me too!
Day 3. 88 days to go.
#childhoodsandwiches bread, cinnamon, sugar and butter sandwich
If you open a statement with "make no mistake" my mind goes slightly numb and I find it oddly more challenging to focus.
what up
Michael Douglas looks amazing after what he's been through.
Just finised a Great Noteshelf presentation /WIC #gadgetday. Can't wait to use what I learned!
Do you mind explaining that further? Also, do you think Kohl has a plan to sell them? Every yr I let this team bum me out.
I cant stand when people talk about otha people dressin skills when they cant even dress their damn self! I b like didnt u see wat u had on?
She's handicapping the handicapped. Why not address some of the substance, e.g., the class-war and extremism?
2/2 secretly and won't give it to me. So frusterated
And the problem is Not being solved by Twitter Adim.
Help! and : my phone server is still down. No message capabilities at all. Desperate situation here.
clearly you do
Missing Mom, Daughter Found Dead in Mississippi
We made a few changes here. Can you see if it works now?
you're right! How did I miss that?
Aha! I knew I forgot someone! ! Lovely person! Simply lovely!
Haha RT : Just thinking about & how he makes me laugh. Glad to be blessed with such great friends.
the Maine is playing live in my venue right now.
I love you :3
come here no ones home
Only 8 FT's attempted. I know Bass was hacked a few times but....go to the hoop?
#vintageporn room at
SO much going on in Little Tokyo this 3-11! City of LA (Love2Nippon), Nishi= vigil, Shinsai, then interfaith vigil at 630pm!
good pick but would have liked upshaw or fleener!
take a pic! Rollin in style...
And when the credits show, ill be by your side
Part of your heritage in this society is the opportunity to become financially independent.~Jim Rohn
I am who they couldn't even dare to be.
“ “ Kentucky people speak their own language!””
me like!
Rose Bowl Stadium?
Katten White Collar partner Glen Donath on the Raj verdict: In the end, wiretap evidence simply impossible to defend against.
Link missing?
absolutely not ever Orlando! Lol! I've lived there a year. I wont do it again. Unless I knit blankets for a living!
I don't make a lot of strawberry, but if it's freezer, she doesn't have to worry about shelf-stable. So...
NY... Y U NO have small taxes like every other state... :(.
i was just happy to see a replay of it online so quickly since i wasn't watching
#favouritelyric let your love grow tall.
Thank you playbill.com - even a diva once struggled. "Ms. Houston had no Broadway credits"
Ok so today it's a Zebra shirt an leopard shoes!!!! Pics comin soon!! Lol
About to take a shower in a minute
Yet another example of why this "clutch gene" shit is so shaky..
you free at all in the am? I'm bout to shut it down early I went hardbody today haha
Relationships Are Hard !
#newplay So true! Feel the same way about claims theater form is more emotionally immediate.
I'm just gonna drop a duece wherever and whenever I feel like it.
I don't have premium, so can't read the article. Is there a timeline for the announcement stated?
We're not ballin', or shot calling'. We take it back to the days of yes y'all in. We're holdin' on to what's golden.
Can't wait for Kevin Beiser's fundraiser in an hour!
god, no one ever gets fired here, even when there's tons of evidence, but she will be retiring in about a year!
on tv?
so sweet! Ur boys are lucky to have u "Daddy"
Let's be seat buddies!
Byrd Polar Research Center Exhibit opens today at Thompson Library Gallery - come check it out! Celebrating 50 years of research.
WARNING Actors before taking classes or seminar google the person giving the classes and after the name type fraud or scam protect yourself!
RT - Dolphins pay ex-FaySt RB Richard Medlin $5700/wk 2 B on practice squad. Can u live on that in Miami? ;-)
wonderful, thanks for asking and yourself?
Wow what the hell. should have won D;
good morning it's ugly outside it's raining it making me to go to skip
Appreciate EVERYTHING GOD GIVES YOU!
I'd like to put in a request for Shoop.
Shocked by the Haviland news. He won't be out of work very long, at least he shouldn't be.
Thankful for many things including not being behead, packaged, frozen, thawed, basted and baked for tomorrow's meal
PLEASE GOD NO!!! WE DONT NEED PAYTON MANNING!!! WE NEED A QB OF THE FUTURE NOT ANOTHER OLD ASS ONE!!!
Happy birthday !!!
So let's see what gma tells me about this request....
Impressive victory for #Boonen, #roubaix is so cool
Happy to help.
Dos Palabras: Juan Direction
Bamboozle is in 12 days!
Fr. Andrew Greeley's final book is out: a nonfiction. Grew up reading his novels. Favs are "God Game" and "Angel Fire." Will miss him.
Make sure to send us a picture of you being the tooth fairy!
"There was a sign said 'don't bring cellphone in the shaur'. Who'd do that? they don't waterproof em, do they? ok, thanks for telling me"
I know...never a comforting sound huh that and the police helicopters
#NOSCHOLFORTHECASTRONOVOS I love you guys.
Omg that was so yummy onions with mushrooms n cheeze all microwaved with a lil water salt n pepper wow. Surprized!
“Though we ask not to be bound nor gripped by the hand of time, we seek to measure it—not so that we may control it or defeat it, but rathe…
I messaged you my number
oh you! Haha
daytona testing ;) and clerc classic today, oh yeah that give me a good day!
Finally got to to check out their lunch! Loved their Power Lunch, filling & tasty. Pumpkin soup "burnt marshmallow" was yum too!
Thumb holes are the business! RT I am obsessed with hoodies with thumb holes lately. Seriously, I may have a problem.
yes I will there for the whole festival
ok gr8! I'll go there 2! I wasn't sure I act added u. The new fb is strange! Wld love 2 hear more about ur story
“: I Jus need things to do nd someone to see. I know no one down There”ok well what state r u familiar wit
I love you :) nd i'm so proud of you <3
I am?
On my way to the Friday day shift listening to and looking forward to a much needed vacation next Friday.
In fact, she doesn't understand today's woman -- young or old. What kind of role model would she make for this country? Find a rich husband.
|.!+.! NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
bring on the pitchforks and torches!
you wear it well sir!!
Is it not winter??? Omg
Just got three GetGlue stickers with one check in! My mom will be proud...maybe ashamed...but probably proud.
Who you got in this one Amanda?
#SomeWhereOutThere is a Walgreen's with no line. WHERE ARE YOU?!?!?!?!
I can't judge someone else. I can only try to help them when they call on me...I guess you can call it a character flaw! Lol!!!
#Kool, tht person is the luckiest in the world..
My test at the hospital went well trampas on the other hand didnt do well.
Yup :) you can follow him, but he's wicked boring ;)
One week and 3 days until I can spend my summer camping, boating on Lake Monroe, and being with the girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
This kid across from me has been playing the same song, without headphones on, for about 20 minutes now, SWITCH THE DAMN SONG ALREADY!!!!!!!
Whoa multiple #FF's from on both accounts. Right back 'atcha! #twittertwittertwitter!
Here We Go Casey, Here We Go!!!!!!! #cardinals v
Liking your own Facebook status
Washing clothes -__-
what a night...wings win, flyers win and (bob barker voice) a trip to nashville!!!!!!
Fixed the hand on Johnny Mnemonic at Slabtown today, and cleaned the rest of the machines up.
Why wat til New Years? Make some Fall resolutions! Start with your teeth- isn't this the year to take care of yourself? 212-265-7150
#Sopastrike No Wikipedia? Like Kramer's Moviephone, tomorrow I will be taking calls, emails, texts, and tweets to answer all your questions!
sweet!!! Good times! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!
Dm WI based company with startup but struggling here in WI when Texas is making it clear they want us. Concerned exposed.
the first show to announce is at the twisted tail in beebeetown, iowa on october 22nd. see our profile link for details.
in the city, met my favorite drag queen. do you watch rupauls drag race? i need to come visit you, you wont run out of soco!
Coming to ever-fabulous for a drink
RT : Dude. is bringing me a milkshake. LIke, to my door. Just 'cause. (wow, thats service)
wait, do what now? Haha
Its monday! younow with and later <U+2665>
LOL o The bigger the better lmaoooooo
Dallas Morning News on my belly...Tom Leppert's Senate aspiration delayed. Thanks Kay Bailey Hutchison!! Take your time...
People tell me we look alike. The Roger Dietch. Have foundation that needs some attention from you.
Clothes are to mainstream. Get naked.
The fire alarm system was going tested when I arrived at work this morning and instead of an annoying siren, "Billy Jean" was playing
Ghostwriters, resume and cover letter writers, social media managers, press release writers....contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
I am texting goat names to Sara Pennypacker right now.
Are you religious or spiritual? What do you think the difference is?
GOODAY ALL :+) GOOD LUCK is "STRONG WITH THE FORCE" 2DAY.TRUST ME !!!!.do something good for someone, and it will TURN OUT RIGHT !I PROMISE
We'd love that. 1/3 of us are already in LA. But the rest will join at end of March. Looking for a second show. Can you help?
A pick-up truck driving a Great Dane from Alamogordo to El Paso blew a tire and crashed. The dog, perhaps injured, ran and is still missing.
Do you want to play your wma music on your iphone?Come here bit.ly/rsb3Rc
The Mic is on...practice, practice, practice.
Last night ESPN says "Opening Night" today "Opening Day" did the A's -M's Japan series even exist?Why bother even doing it
love that! Wishing you lots of happiness! Does working out help u with that?
If I were the detective on that show Awake, I would've gotten with the tennis coach already. It's not cheating if it's a different reality
<----doing a great job in "The D"
You're welcome. GO G MEN
Preparing for #IRA12. Visit author and I present: Using fiction and historical fiction picture books to teach Black History, Wed
Right. But why have the classroom sizes at my daughter's school gone from 20 to 45 kids? If u care, respond.
I'm up to my digital knees in digital missionary journals.
get your ass back down here to drink Da'Tonsies
Unsure how to process that program. Both fascinated & disturbed, esp. by "Exploiting Sentiment in Social and Enterprise Sources"
"people go to a library to feel something" and they "don't want to do it alone"
RT : #Scorpio's are sure to be committed partners. Keep them satisfied in bed and you are all set.
what is that?
Frank Wilderson is speaking at the Abriendo Brecha conference at UT in a few minutes. Gonna try to find a way to name drop
meh. Just haven't been in the mo'd lately. Lots on the brain and in the life. I'll be back.
1st sign of summer ending: last day at work for the education interns. Thanks for all your great work, Bri, Monica, Alex, Katy & Karl.
Keshia and this damn Tire.....I can't deal
Accept me for who I am.
What are your resolutions for this New Year?
gota wash those undies some day!
Happy Mother's Day to the cast of 16 and Pregnant (: BAHAHA sorry I had to
Start the weekend out early and shoot on down to Jade Monkey. We got Happy Hour going on right NOW!!
play on mf.
The things I would do with a billion dollars
i think you did it while you were sleeping.
Find out who's really there for me.
I love you, I love you and I love you.
Haha thought you were already playing with #BigCheeShow advisor or we woulda had you out here bro!
The groundwork of all happiness is health
#feellikeshit not going to any classes, but watching kill bill instead
Why are there so many cops out today?!
Don't you dare get rid of that get involved shirt! <-- seriously
okay, now I must go spend the next 2 hours of my life voting for & cause I refuse to pick between them. :)
Helped a client to automate a data entry project in to Amisys today. #Foxtrot is a great software for optimizing Amisys business processes.
#roadtrip numero dos! Team CTC heads back to NJ for a little more dry cleaning and a lot more Italian deli.
you can only push a person for so long until they give up. so don't call for me when u notice that I'm gone.
lmfao. Yes i do
About 5 seconds ago was the first time. Now I'm really curious why the MSM says the term "Obamacare" is pejorative.
The Southern Pacific Railroad made $17 million in profits last year, skimming the cream off every business in Cali., then skimming the milk.
Goodnight I love you <3 sorry I had to work tonight
lmfao demanding! c:
Watched the finale of #NBCTheVoice and now I can't stop singing "I Believe I Can Fly".. Was singing out loud biking around SF
I'm not the one buying it but I will another time :) I do love you haha
Rivals Assumption and Sacred Heart will play each other in the KY high school girls' Division-I LAX state tourney quarterfinals on Thursday.
On oovoo with and :)
Your way is not the only way.
i did. You never texted back.
I bet would try that pizza :P
no idea when/if I'll get there. zero news/status on power outage. I'm stuck.....and u know what rhymes with stuck.
Jorge: think they are together but archaeology = destruction to preserve heritage (so methods are different)
thanks to the #firstpitch guys for having me on this morning. Had a blast.
let's collaborate on something!
pomegranate juice, fresh papaya, salmon benedict, chilaquiles, coffee, newspaper, out on the veranda, sun comes out. could get used to this.
Just our hands as we try to defuse yet another bomb. Nobody said being action heroes in our own minds would be easy. And you?
#CA Department of Finance says they are open to slowing down the proposed (3X current fee) increase in cost to community college
I shouldn't complain...DPD is going to step in and (hopefully) stay there.
Flashback to race b/w and to gain 1M followers, courtesy of -- #OPrint panel,
where else do you think I get creative ideas from?!?
this is one of my favorite panels so far!
These are the best lacrosse players in the world playing for the #NLL Championship right here in the #ROC. Let's get pumped!
Veal breast is the new pork belly.
Crooklyn by far my favorite
In my email: "The Shadow's Glow" by Christopher Lincoln. It's a short story, & I can't wait to read it. The illustrations are fantastic!
Ireland brought me my FAVORITE band !! So HAPPY ST. PATRICK's DAY!!
Why do all the creepy weird guys have to talk to me? Why god? <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
You handled yourself magnificently. The high road is the most scenic :-)
That awkward moment when you fall in love with a piece of clothing , but then you see the price .
Why do you build me up, build me up, buttercup baby just to let me down?
Well howdy!
To get a free sample of Xtamina Energy Drink, please send info to .net 515 samples sent already, so get your today!
I'm so used to seeing naked people on twitter now that when I see anyone naked it's like seeing my grandma without her teeth...nothing new..
Pittsburgh - We're doing free brow arches today until 3pm in the Cosmetics Dept. at Macy's South Hills Village. Stop by for Brows that Wow!
pinterest need to focus on just the images and drop everything else (unless you tap on one)
on House again tonight. Has there ever been that much talent wrapped up in such a stunningly gorgeous shell?
#whenyourboyfriend tells you he doenst wanna be together.
My laptop just imploded or something, holy crap.
Going too be in the call me maybe fan video " I missed you so so bad " <3
Working from a condo at Whistler. Living the good life.
yes! the fluidity of those languages make me feel some type of way...stir something deep inside of me.
Horrible possession.
It is, Kayla! In fact, I am (Nelson) currently uploading the new official theme as I type this reply. ^NE
Boy George I think u have it now. Lol MR Ruffin
Thanks for the RT! Loved that post.
: Been experiencing constant difficulties in Madison, Wisco for the past three hours... Service issue or is my router bad?
Had a great meeting w/ the editor of U.S. Public News Service. Lots to think about.
Radio turnd to hip POP... Smh
hi I miss you in math.
i wish guys were crazy about me.
I'm curious what kinda of contract would Mariano Rivera get next season? 2012 8.1 IP for 15 Million. Unfortunate injury ends his season.
Raise the jolly roger!
#mommausetosay say "who is it " before you open that door
follow me back!
Two more days of work and then off to Croatia I go. Fa la la.
Classic! I'd forgotten Bunting's until it came up in a class a couple weeks ago.
Condit or Diaz? Who will it be and why?
Ok , but I disagree 100%. I guess we are the Boise State of Miss High School football. Playing your schedule is worthless.
it was a good call.
Carl Everett arrested .... there's a shocker.
yeah, now I have to get out there and find a place to live and get a job.
"the game" is not in Ann arbor today no matter what ESPN says
we should talk more.(:
#teamWakeAndBake RT : I'm gone! i'm Faded! I'm TIPSY! I'm Wasted!
My back/shoulder has a huge muscle spasm causing me to lay on heating pad all day and I have an apple coring injury. At least there's pie.
#oomf is so orange put you're makeup on right
No artist's creations have ever made me completely break down like Maurice Sendak's. He was a rare and beautiful thing in this world.
“: We are moving into our new retail store space this weekend!"//so exciting !
wait, employers now ask for fb passwords? I don't think I've ever been asked for mine. interesting article tho.
I swear man, lemon cookies are the best cookie EVER created....
alright Jemi. That font on that card had a brother looking for a magnifying glass but it's cool.
writing fundraising letters is hard!
im in serious trouble...
Good luck. I've seen all the outlooks...Pretty gnarly looking.
Looks like this show is getting on the road. Charmingtons buildout has begun!
#iwant 20%OFF #F8 #newfacebook #facebook discount. Use Code "Facebook20" + receive discount plus free shipping over $50 Order:...
Just got finished with an impromptu set at a local cafe. Have keyboard, will travel. :-)
she go hard!!
Im bout to lose a bestfriend /:
My summer reading starts with The Long Walk. Strange coincidence to read it right after the King op-ed on taxation...
can i be featured in a new AV310 song with you guys?
Finally summer! OMG
where are you n my bestfriend going
RT if you wanna a tatoo sayin Mindless Behavior
"As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do." -- Andrew Carnegie, Industrialist
It was a great way to get re-aquainted w/out feeling pilot-y, and loved SCDP's joke on Y&R.
But I am also insane. :)
Ih Stay Doinq The BRICKS Dance!
“: I'm sitting on a gold mine of Brittney Griner jokes. #behaving”how can she play for boys team too?!? More active as dude
oh yea he gets better at dancing everyday! :)
Hi Bill! It will be out in July. Please join our Facebook Fan Page and we will give you updates weekly. Thanks, Bill!
I used 15mm fisheye and bungee strapped it to the corner beam, then used a pocket wizard to remote trigger
idk, you staying after school.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net Dwight Howard need help on his team the highest 6th seed for the if nothing changes
The Verizon commercial with the crying mom and daughter is beyond annoying.
i'm going friday and saturday!
don't hate us ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>haha
Why do you keep putting Mantle in cards in the Topps products? You are keeping a current player from having a base card.
WTF! Does Cooper even know what case he's arguing?
much respect and good luck Thursday
WHAT IT'D BE LIKE <3
RT: “I really don’t care for easy-to-understand language.” - No one, ever. #confab12 | I don't think this could be said any better.
what happened?? ):
Cut the man some slack. He's a man. He doesn't recognize important days
hey man! For sure you can find us on reverbnation search True Colors1. Or Facebook. True Colors(band)
haha cool (: I don't think I know anyone who does
Very few things make me laugh like Who Ya Crappin'. Thanks,
gorgeous picture, dance your butt off!
My mom asked me who the severed head was in the hills... like I know and am not telling LAPD...
what are these idiots from boston yelling?
but if you read that... please follow back so i can DM so i can talk to you, that's all i have to say left. tbc
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs! Back to school sale going on now! Please retweet!
Holy crap. I'm literally about to pee my pants. Give me my baaaaaggg.
yeah i do need one :)
G'nite friends :)
Thank you for the great lesson in succinct and powerful blogs and pitches! We're gearing up our pipeline of < 300 word posts!
Cant wait for NYE! So excited!
I take time off thinking and talking about my career. I engage in things that bring me joy. I have fun today!
Bummer! I'm not sure if you saw facebook but a few of us are going to movies either on Fri &/orSun as well. Does that work?
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/26/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Officially working on topics. Also officially making a mess.
Nice adidas hoodie <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
lol well good,... a thug confused now lol
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/ No Okay :(
weekend polo lounge celeb sightings = olsen twins & michael kors = i die!
The Outlook fight continues. Yes, I know my box is full.
Chemical peel really killin me
Thought for the week: everyone in NJ should move to MD. And no one re-locating to metro DC should move to VA.
Works for me. Still, in a serious response, I'd prefer Mark Cuban and his marketing energy/excitement. Let him in MLB
Where the fuck is this bus I'm dying
Going to look at cars the Nissan is dead
why are u lying that's ur police car.. Wit buck shot coming out da tail pipe..
Any change you can get any of it recovered using some recovery software?
What to do on this gorgeous day? Only to know it's going to rain this evening...
i wish you were here
looked like u gave skip the finger slic ha
. I'm impressed! Very nice integration of tools with chat, tagging, comment thread for each action item. Nice job.
": #Starbucks run" wish I could join.
And thus ends my livetweet of airport travel in #snowpocalypse. Too bad I didn't get vid of idiot drivers spinning out. Thx for listening.
On my mind right now: Brady vs. Tebow......
Schools almost out. Time to make plans to keep them eating healthy and active over the summer. Fight childhood obesity!
Show me notes for a test, & I'll forget in 5mins. Show me some porn I watched 3yrs ago & I can recall every detail.
everybody sucking boosie dick
is actually enjoying working during the holiday week.. it's soo quiet and i don't have any meetings.. why can't it always be like this
": He's fine, he's just soft" typical philadelphian
Heading out to work in an hour smh..
Mwah-ha-ha-ha.
Still Hustling after 5, 10, 20 years? Maybe it's time to apply at MacDonalds...
Jon, was Scioscia fired?
heaven knows I'm a cockroach now
Heraclitus~ Opposition brings concord. Out of discord comes the fairest harmony.
Ha! Its never too late
Yeah probably... lol - RT wow i feel like a tweet too much...
taking my classes online, getting my degree on my own time.
Thank you for following.
Talking with Bus Company to find out how they keep kids safe. Tune in at 5:30pm to see what I learned!
gotcha thanks, I'm gonna subscribe like, right now. Could always use the extra motivation!
It's not open yet. I'm just making a pre-emptive strike for the Mayorship.
the only way Nate wins that battle is if he's driving a golf cart.
At Mcdonalds for a meetin with a friend, looking forward to hearing what God is doing in his life!
@ Big Hugs right back 2 you, too! And I can't believe I left out the best part of the Divine seats coming home!
Phoenix on Saturday fly back on Sunday Show in Nashville on May 9th at Lucy's Dinner Getting ready for Key Largo Songwriters Festival
I love you for giving me your eyes for staying back & watching me shine & I didnt know if you knew so Im taking this to say HappyMothersDay
watching the grizzly man.....this guy is an absolute fucking IDIOT..of course he got killed by a bear
: Clarification - Tuesday nights #Cakearokee at Highline for dessert hookup
that was thanks to the collective wisdom of our #newplay peeps giving us advice about archiving the weekly 'Howl'.
The money will never equal to the love
I have 4 tickets to to give away. Two for Wed & Two for any day (Th-Sun). Who's never been to TPC & wants to go? Why?
I had to
I know... traffic would be an issue, I was thinking cool bc it's along my work/home bike route. Would rarely drive.
Yeah, I've been wearing my Addidas Fever Cologne...it just doesn't have the same effect :/
Bravo! Look forward to continued updates on said research.
Im peaceful. I'm excited. I've even got butterflies in my Stomach. This has been one of the best weekends I've had in a while
So blessed to serve w/ an amazing staff ! Praying that they all get refreshed with rest tonight as we continue #Chapter2 2moro
gigolos is seriously my new favorite show!
Drinking tea and listening to with a paper due tomorrow.
Also, has anyone yet proposed #stopkony is a mind-virus engineered by the government to propagate itself via social networks? Good.
ok I'll tune in! Then I'll ping you.
This new Loiter Squads looks hella funny lmao
Want a complimentary keiki coupon to TerrorTown2011? Text 'TERROR' to 99000 to get one!
Locals only
An intoxicated mind speaks a sober heart .
2012 and still no medal man. Why you gotta do a wookie like that?
Dr. Who pinball's Time Expander is once again operational! We had to craft our own replacement part, and it's finally working!
thanks so much man! the show was great. wish you could have been there! will you be here Dec 28th/29th-ish? playing the masq again
I hope you're having a wonderful Holiday also
Will be back in NYC sometime this summer. This achievement is quite inspiring & demands celebration!
Hey all Hot Girls. I'm starting to think that all your phone numbers don't start with a 555-
Nothing's changed since I updated my phone -_-
Thanks! I'll need it... Good excuse to party after though
We R HAVIN CHURCH!!!
ALEX CAN I GET A FOLLOW BACK <3 ?
A Super Pac is going to unearth an attack that led to arguably one of the greatest moments in Obama's storied political career? Good plan.
I was out with my girlfriend when my ex walked up, they hugged and kissed, they're exes too
hahaha yes ma'am :) I love your fro locks their awesome!
Last tweet was a joke
I'm feeling lazy about blogging...What this city girl has been up to: 1) Totem; 2) Perry's Sunday Brunch; 3) happy hours in Dupont
When we were working on , and I had to restart rails, would notice in those 3 seconds. Every. Single. Time.
RT I'm telling you gang, the Super Bowl as ad event is approaching the ramp that's in front of the shark tank.
Ross an Wale going to be here in Feb??
When people can't take a joke << You have no life -_-
i will try. Business is slow dude.
Goin' to the Albuquerque Petroglyphs today! I love rock art! It ROCKS! .... Pun intended.
ps: Brooke likes you and your responses! Also, I just found out this is a 2 hour show......
Toronto Bound well for 9 hours
I'm seeing all the signs from above, I'm gonna be the one that he loves. I'm gonna be his first and last kiss, 'cause was born to be his.
#raw10 i wear boxers, raheem needs his freedom, real men. Those othrs wear Duh-dat-da-dons, Men panties!
We did not get to see the aurora unfortunately. We arrived in Iceland through snowstorms. Regardless, had a fantastic time!
RT Follow us we follow back
Thanks for the re-tweet Robert. See you shortly at the ball field if the rain holds up.
ICTs provide access to horizontal communication
My thoughts exactly! But really, should we expect anything more from this idiot? It gave me a George Bush flashback, peuk!
AMAZING DAY! EXHAUSTING DAY! NDA! : )
You're probably right. ;) RT : #Scandal <Think a few more things are up than rating right now
Good morning, Twitterdom!
I work tomorrow afternoon, other than that..nothin!
its weird how alike we are... way to weird
stone cold rocks... But I always like the rock better. :p
RT The Hulk is GREEN from a potent, accidental dose of Gamma Rays. Actually, he would have died within weeks from organ failure.
I do. Picked that one up from my grandmother.
RT if u love ur followers :)
Omg I just dropped my iPod tweeting u-_-
Joe just put it well, it is a relaxing informative most enjoyable two hours of my radio listening day...love the show
can't lend, borrow, resell kindle books.
hahahaha I would suck it up to be there. :)
Thanks, Megan! Hope everything is going well :)
but where could we buy authentic ones at ?
Yeah, sure. We imbibe sentimental potables, whilst gripping a shiv.
I see, look good
I Know you ain;t real
“: recently I listened to "Put Your Hearts Up" I felt in love with it the first time! Supporting you all the way!”
On our way to American Idol :)
The #Steelers are smiling from ear to ear. They couldn't stop Suggs last year. Now they won't have to
High heels are an awesome tool to help the busy woman slow down. I'll take a little pain for some extra minutes of solidarity. Who wouldn't?
I think you forgot the #thingsMothinksaboutat4am hashtag...
Drop everything and turn on #Frontline re Syria
Last night we made a hard decision to support a budget that brings balance to CA; wish it didn’t include cuts to so many valuable programs.
Agreed! We are happy to help again however we can!
I hear good things about Big Ed's...
Pizza My Heart bumping Hendrix b-sides off "Cry of Love."
": The enemy is terrified at the thought of you actually doing what God has told you to do...so do it!"
Pumped for Vosges chocolate!!!!!!!! SUP #Katrina Markoff
education reform
Everybody lunch on instagram is all the way swagged out. I'm sittin here with the McDonald's struggle combo
Great! Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks :)
Also, I'm going to be going to NJ (a two hour drive from my house) this weekend and I am debating what projects to bring.
nope, mine is on june 1st
6am. almost to bed.
Elbow me once shame on you, elbow me twice, fugggg that! Lmaoo
It's rare, but we will have a really sweet studio apt up for rent within the next week or so. Studios go fast, so DM me for details!
Fridge nazi tightening reins? RT : RT : Eat refrigerated leftovers within 4 days to reduce the risk of food poisoning.
Lardarius webb on nfl radio now
I really love my life. :]
"mystery clock" is what the clock is called because the way it works is a mystery. Google it.
Saw 5 walks a shame this morning. My fav was a barefoot girl wearing a last night's corset and a man's pj bottoms. Lookin classy Austin
We goin in tonight x x PartyBoyDJzSaTx will be inDmix all night! Twerk Team @ Endless Music
Thanks for the mention!
Jager makes me want to makeout with myself in the mirror
No lie has been stuck in my head all day lol
The pace of #Beckett: Like a snail across a sea of tar.
Seriously? Last day for voter Reg and State's computer down? We wonder why az voter rates low?
cali huh nice its nice there but i like miami better:)
boo im always here for u no matter wut time or day u can always call me I miss u n I wish I was there n ur time of need :*
where's your HOH?
Great Quote here.. "It's not about how fast you go, it's about how you go fast." Enzo Ferrari
My grandma and grandpa both have cell phones. It's awfully weird to see an 82 and 90 yr old chatting it up on their cells!!
Of course!
is AWESOME!!
oh yes, in the form of morning coffee and just now in a mocha coconut frap.... E it had toasted coconut on it! I'm a fan!
It is because of obedience that slavery exists and wars exist. It is because of obedience that millions of people go on living mechanically.
Who's going to CIL 2010 next week? Meet with N-S and several of our Tech Set experts there (Booth# 1018)!!
This video makes me cringe because I have to edit out all my "goodness". I bashed Pittsburgh moms but I'm taking it out
We checked it out here and it's ok. If we hear from others that there's a problem we'll get IT on it. Thanks for the warning!
My savior lives my savior loves my saviors always there foe me
Ditto. Brands, take note RT : U know those songs u discover & listen to on repeat? Right now that is Some Nights by Fun. LOVE
Hiding your feelings isn't the easy way out but sometimes it's the only thing you can do.
I was born to be somebody, aint nothing thats EVER gonna stop me <3
Ok getting annoyed, mozgov keeps hitting me with a basketball l
bruhh be coo ! Lol what you been on ?
OKC will NOT shoot this well for the rest of the series...
Nice rocket Ian. Come on Rafael...get this last out.
RT let us know that they Had good time at Chaffins. Food is southern banquet style which is optional but you get better seats
You're on the good shit tonight!
Recently downgraded my iPhone to a cheap dumb phone. Feels stupid paying over $1200 a year just for voice, email and twitter in my pocket.
NEXT UP HE IS GOING TO BE FINALS MVP!
Someone send a good method to consume all this information!!
I'm having a messed up week but at least I know I can finally end the one thing that's gone bad since the get go.
very true!
are u dangling them fishing pole style?
Great seeing and tonight at
The new blackberry has a 3 megapixel camera and a 2.44" 320x220 screen. I think Zack Morris had a better phone.
RT In the #KobeSystem every ceiling is just another floor. #Successatsuccessatsuccess your welcome!!
Go preeetttyyy please
You in Houston?
Alert - (AP) -- Newt Gingrich pledges to stay in GOP race until convention to give conservatives 'a real choice'
haha you should've! we woulda washed your car for the free ;D
Enjoy your Sunday, Mavericks fans.
Twitter Tip: Mention @ when referencing where you work & #hashtags for important keywords to more easily connect w/ others, & be found.
#Lestermania Hey, why not?
Man everyone wears sweatpants to Target on Sundays. Everyone except me apparently
If we exercise our first amendment right, we're labelled intolerant,ignorant,rascist,etc. But for you..."its my 1st am. right!"
How high can u go!
I'll be there. BTW, best way to alienate the Bay Area: shutting down the bridge. Smart move, calling off the shutdown.
Craft Glitter is like the Herpes of Arts and Crafts!!
This man is really trying to tell me how to post on MY fb page
enjoyed meeting you at the GBK AMA gift lounge. Hope you enjoy your goodies :) Kerry
I'm so using this haha story of my life
Rocking That Thing Like #remix got me trippin out wit dis nigga on da phone
yay! love your sis #pistonvinegar & and I'm long overdue for some #crescent...as you know I'm a #karaoke addict :)
Men you don't want to pay child support.... you shouldn't have stuck it in.
I really miss Caz a lot. He's one of my best best friends. And I still love him. I wish my life were easier. :-(
Don't know how I forgot to mention cavetocanvas, the premier art hist tumblog. Follows a diff artist every day.
Found it bout to roll up again
I hate people who think its good to ruin the environment...
yessssiiiiiirrrrr! Influence, likability, love... list goes on and one for both biz and personal
my heart jus dropped to the floor.....i dnt kno wat to do:'(
Knowing us we'd look like dorks in funny t-shirts. :) Flailing arms and all...
RT : Citizen participation is about looking "outside" to find out what we don't know, which can build cities' resiliency.
Steel World Order #PaulluminatiBaby!!!!
Ah! Love you too!!!
I dedicate tweet #800 to !!! I hope we make it the movie.... Lol
1) Not today, it's more pale pink. 2) NO! But I wish she was. Exploring potentially hostile libraries could be good times!
I really have to stop doing this to myself! Does anyone have an extra ticket to Four Tet next Tuesday! Please! :)
I just got the news too! I transferred over to Reader just to see how it'll go.
Feels so Good to be back home.
Safe travels, and say hello to my colleagues who are also attending prom at Kalamazoo!
will you tweet this too? grammarva.bandcamp.com
"he had a name ok, his name was Robert Paulson".. Thanks for the follow! <3 bri
#aigapivot Meeting some great people at the NewPage booth
Suck my dick.
We are twin sisters from another mother :)
you can do it!
Who's got a better life than Sequin? Go.
GO HARD OR GO HOME
Jon Kyl commissioned me to do a full-body chocolate sculpture of him... On his full body.
Howdy, sir. We'd like to talk with you about your adventures in iBooks. Could we set up a time to talk & get to know you?
Constructive criticism is fine if u say it nicely & not screaming it like Im the most stupid person in the world.Its good for the confidence
The first goal of business is to stay in business. You can't please a client, or audience, if you can't make a profit.
RT : Many people will say the things required for success. Not so many actually do them.
No, Firefox, you may not update a minute before the Jeopardy online test!
I totally agree.
many thanks Julie! It was great to see you and I really enjoyed your #CILDC presentation!
Mom said she's gonna pay for dinner with 2 60's.
Good point about distancing "...from the whimsical..."
About to fall asleepp...
so my concept for a cooking show is done... if fame hasnt gone to your head, , wanna work on it with me?
Tsunami warning Indonesia
I hope you return for many more episodes and seasons-- yr r fun and inspiring. Thnx.
You understand, do you, Ayz? :)
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 355
I feel you on that one I love me some mint condition.
We have several new books being released this fall. Topics range from China's Green Economy to the Qing Dynasty! www.enrichprofessional.com
I'm pretending this is for my birthday on the 15th. RT ": NASA is scheduled to launch 5 rockets in 5 minutes early morning March 15!"
Just got schooled by my 6yr old son in Chess again. Either I suck real bad or he's really good
I want some burgers I think I might just go get some lol
Woodward is rockin' right now. Great time to be located in the heart of this weekends Dream Cruise!
All too familiar.
Tuco: I have a different system, my friend; I don't shoot the rope, I shoot the legs from under the stool.
FLYERS SUCK! Oh and good morning guys!
Get slutty for me :D
Danny McBride & Nick Swardson watch the DVD of Part 3 with the 3-D glasses on. About 10-15 seconds of them riffing on it.
Ocean gang or drown lol
I googled "zerg Rush" and then responded with the chrome app "kickass". It's like I made a new game.
He stole my heart <3 haha...love u babe !
I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
Right?! As soon as my lease is up!
You like someone Monday...by next Monday its over with....
no, but i know that germany jokes about poland :D "poles are being born, taking off nurse her watch " XD
I need more followers!!!!...
I'm going with, anything consumed on an airplane -- the calories don't count. Right?
huuuuuugeee party tonight! going to be epic
Check out these talented local musicians
Silly Rabbi... Kicks are for Trids!
i want to throw great expectations in a fire
Off to meet with and to plan a fun event at WFM! What would you like to see?
we'll see
The sound of your voice, literally makes me want to vomit.
or when your trying to open a sample paper and your adobe reader keeps freezing and crashing.
OH: "I don't know if I'll ever get pregnant. I can't grow my hair 3 inches w/out wanting to chop it off, and I'm supposed to grow a human?!"
law and order =]
#7 Adobe Muse trending because Adobe has released software that allows you to design & publish HTML websites without writing code.
Got to my audition, & saw another actor in the street yapping on his phone. He got all mad when I tried to run him over. What a FaceBooker.
too cool that you did the ghost leg
is sold anywhere there?!
You should follow me...like right now......:)
: are you all alone D:
For #LMA12, there is a reserved table and power source in every room. Username is LMA2012, Password Dallas - cap D.
#autism moms: today - book a babysitter, take a long walk somewhere beautiful, then a long hot bath, with a favorite book. you are loved.
many people misunderstand what Amazon's business model is.
At fundraiser for Montrose Counseling Center at new Sundance Cinema. Looks pretty cool. Can't wait to see movie later.
#love the word "love" takes time and dedication it's not to be rushed at all it's to powerful and precious never confuse love with lust!
Me too!
is live at a local hospital where they are about to put customer touchscreens to work! to check it out!
August 17th, 18th, and 21st. Wow what a great month :D
what where u doing ? N when u going to let me take u out on date? ")
how do i use disss?
Congrats to , , , on the big series win over number 2 ranked Florida! Safe travels on trip home!
Uh Uh lol
off of 1 hr of sleep sat am once she got off of work. We went to 800 and sunday school and came home.
Uh oh...The Guto just ate four Fiber One bars because he was craving chocolate...and he's thinking he might regret that later.
Painful: site crashes during crit room at museums and the web
Man, I need some coffee and I need it fast!
POLAND LOVES KIDRAUHL :) :) :)
My coffee maker doesn't make my coffee hot enough.
Never Say Goodbye To Lea no :')
Hey, BHB coming to Madison, WI anytime soon??? I'm getting thirsty!
I lost a Friend & a Brother at the same time. :(
Mexico draw South Korea, Gabon & Switzerland in Group B.
Oh Claudia, im not dating ur brother get over it
When the lightening strikes, fluorescent lights that were off turn on with a flash
Use time wisely to do the things that will help you become more like Christ. We are here to prepare to meet God (Alma 34:32).
Is anybody else interested in biking to #makerfaire this weekend from San Francisco? It should be about a 2 hr ride.
we hope to see you!
holy moly. That doesn't sound fun. At all.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY ONLY! 40% off all lotions, and receive a free tan!! Don't miss out!
#O2santa Merry Christmas Mac! Make sure you have your listening ears on because I can't wait to leave some presents for you on Christmas!
RT : You won’t want to miss this years Michigan Recycling Coalition annual conference in Grand Rapids. Check it out:...
rachael she doesn't like you leave her alone
Kyrie Irving will start at PG tonight as #Cavs face
Feeling bum!
thanks!Checked them all out but "mollusa" clutch handbags has some really bad feedback not sure if you are aware of that.
great idea. i would volunteer!
Meeting w/ Cleveland Public Theatre to discuss exporting #LAThtr in the near future - pls fwd any ideas, suggestions or questions before 1pm
Coming to Nola tomorrow, can't wait!
What...a...long...day! And so many tourists! Dios mio! Lawd help me Jesus! Another long day manana!
Dear Everyone: Please stop saying "May the fourth be with you."
I don't wanna break your heart. I wanna give your heart a break. <3
I Feel Bad For Dense People!
But WOW!! Thank You
It's moments like these where I don't want to be associated with the people whose fiscal policies I support. Just plain stoopid.
I have nothing to say, but whatever I do say, you will see. Ta da!
I don't understand how people can just use someone for everything and then when the going gets rough they leave? Well fuck you too!!!
I want to take a picture but it doesn't come out right <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
At Baseball's greatest stadium watching baseball's greatest team (Baltimore Orioles) play
can i tickle your banana (:
Adele won most awards out of anyone tonight. Congrats !
thanks buddy!
#Bluegrass tonight on H street in Washington DC coffee, beer, & wine with The Rough Riders. Ya'll come !
Follow your dreams and never give up!!!! Love you all!!!!!!
call Kroger in a couple days and tell them you applied :)
I Miss Fall Out Boy
Even the Babylonian’s realized the power of Factoring…you should consider it too!
The difference between style and fashion is quality. -Giorgio Armani
Hey, nice theme. :)
and there it is... "If u don't like it stop following me." Yes, that's exactly what it is and thats what I'm doing.
": I work with your brother Jet! Hes such a sweetie:)" Aw, Thats awesome! You work at McGraths then? I used to too!
Another awesome workout!
Maya lessons.
Tip of the Day: Good oral health habits, such as regular checkups and daily brushing and flossing, can help prevent gingivitis....
Have a great week end sagittarius sista!! Xo
nothin much man just chillin stuck in some parking lot traffic haha
I need 2 photographers for lincoln & notts new air ambulance launch 18 Nov. PR shots, not too expensive. Any recommendations welcome.
Archaic v Anetheron
oops. sales training says I shouldn't say "we", "us", or "i" etc. but rather talk to MarkLogic Server capabilities
Never met you before but sure brah :D
5 months with my baby. Wow, time flies when you're in love. :)
really is. Tryin to call in a
Derby being on cinco de mayo is awesome. That is all
How many times are you goons going to call me to re-up even after I told them to remove my number?
Did he get it in his beard?
Now, I like Twitter and I like Facebook but which one shall I keep checking? There's only one way to decide....FIGHT!!!!!!
we don't have practice tonight do we?
See, there is an upside!
At #Richmondbc City Hall with hundreds of other volunteers who donate time on advisory committees
Not really... I jus slept to long. Then I woke up and said F% it! Lol!
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
Was up homie
RT : #Flatirons Cerf- people don't have a clue how to behave with all the powerful new technologies
Puffling: a baby puffin.
Spring is back! Perfect day to walk uptown to
I found out the less you tell people things about yourself the less they know which is better
Can someone please launch dudeswithgirlybackpockets.com?
Shitty best day ever
working hard, partying harder, all the while keeping it gangsta. What are you doing my lover girl? x
im juss here chilleeen under the covers and shit
Glad to see my co-worker getting the love! RT : Shockingly good presentation by to start
should be coming over for #survivor and #ouat and #psych. Sunday is da best day!
For theater.. for audience experience. I do theatre because I want to see smiles on ppls faces, change lives. Caring about that!
#RG3 trending above Duke on Twitter Tonight. will have the latest on Redskin's draft choice on News4 at 11
How was Cs?
Time to work!
Girls walking barefoot down the damn side walk. Amateurs.
Missed my last 2 workout days. Now to get back on track!
knows how to throw down!
we are I just didn't know if you were chillin with Nicole .
TODAY in Fowler this afternoon!!! Come meet the TEDx Speakers and some of the most innovative people at Purdue today!
You can only live one day at a time, so,, "make the best of it"..;-)
#FF Journalism and Radio And Tnx to my Followers!
Today was the first time I started to share what I learned at #hcmmconf during our staff meeting
So im so excited that is FREAKIN COMING TO MIAMI!! WHAT THE HELL! WHAT THE HELL! sorry for sounding stalkerish(; ILY!<3
Plans changed. drove straight thru santa barbara to san simeon, near cambria.
followed me on instagram today so I followed him back and lurked him a little, I might be in love.
RT : RT : Time to start up your sprinkler system. Call us today to get your system up and running......
I'd probably prefer 12. never done a 14player league. Sell me on it
More wine for you two! Give Corey a bday hug and text jeff. 17 today. He's trying to work dinner with us into his weekend plans.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk, when the Hulk gets mad he turns into
It really HURTS when people CHANGE...
ARE YOU CHRISTOPHER COLUMBO
About to play Spice Girls Wanna be on for you!
"How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -Maya Angelou
Judging?...yes, we're judging...and it's the last of the year!
Oh nice, hadn't caught that! Happy judging!
Guess we could use both, but the thought was to be more inclusive especially for those deep in VA & MD.
you wanna fuck your mom? o_O
FOLLOW Independent women stay on her game and tatted :D
I wish there were more nerdy romance movies
You don't walk into your fuckin dentist office 2hrs late!
lol I know I know
1- U Rcoming to Madison 2- Santa is bringing me an extra special gift 3 - Red and Green Nike Shox ;) Give me ur top 3 ideas
its been awhile
thanks for the follow! :)
cutting more off hate when my hair is short and it grows out too long
I will notify the board that henceforth blame shall not be uttered. (very true point)...
Never heard of that, had to google it RT you will have to school me on that one Sensei
It's opening night!!
All this time I was distracted by your sports knowledge. Hahah ;).
Awesome! You know me...always up for a good concert!
Hey Bud, blue bottle or not, peepee still tastes like peepee.
Need to quickly share a #photoshop preview? Just hit Ctrl+Option+R and it will be saved to (install that first). Boom Insto-link
True Life: I watch bad TV
Mina Whole Note Coming Soon!
With a name like that, who wouldn't be? Change your name to Faf Du Subramanian and watch the ratings pour in!
big shop day tomorrow at (purely research of course) and meeting baby Bro
#Tunisia expels #Syria ambassador in protest over #Assad crimes against the #Syrian people.
I'm only a little bitter because it would seem they had to shut down the Ballard store to open SoHo. :)
Huge fan #BreakingBad & #MadMen is great. Now Watching #CoachCarter Notes are cool concept but TONE IT DOWN by about 80%
Don't let the past and useless details choke your existence -Chinese saying
Thats what Mitt Romney said we must bust the Unions and lower minimum wage Teachers included. It worked in Wisconsin.
At the ER with one of the kids... Never a dull moment.
It's all good. This is my house now.
At CreateBaltimore2. People tweeting everywhere. Follow along
what is aaron gonna do this year?
Glad I skipped that one...
is ready for Tailgate Tuesday tomorrow! 6 pm @ Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! Be there for a fantastic line up!
You are such an inspiration!!! I would like to meet you in Baltimore next week? Is that possible?
. its also partly the president's own fault.
What do you call the irrational fear of suicide bombers in your pants? The terrorsits.
I think should chat with on #wwhl next season.
I know I will :)
I tried babe!, honestly
Welcome back Wright!!! We missed you brah
Busy day 7 interviews and 5 medicals for suspected abuse scheduled
Does anyone see the finish line?
New desserts come out today! You won't want to miss out on these delicious treats.
R.I.P Trayvon Martin.Let us us not 4get our brother who was slain in another random senseless act of violence.I wish things were different.
u should get fries and a shake tomm:-)
Great meeting you today!
thanks for retweeting!!
Another great presenter..and he is using prezi
#Heat at #Cavs......What's your predictions?
Looks great!
can't wait to see you!! Sorry this Saturday doesn't work out, but way happy you and Cam get some kid free time together :)
Thanks to & the May Festival for honoring Mrs Nippert during her birthday celebrations
#3rdplaceconstancio let's trend it!!! :) <3 follow please? :)
Fantastic RT : On my way to LA. Teaching sports law to inner city high school students through
Great idea! Simpler than pointing stderr to file in docs directory..
sextip ladies if you givin head feed him peppermint or lemon before hand.... You'll have a better "outcum" lol
I might be moving to Los Angeles this summer
Driving by myself >
Tampa Bay Buccaneers 0 Washington Redskins 6 0:24 in 1st #buccaneers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Uhm Are You Being Sarcastic Taty?
thanks for the #FF! We hope you have a wonderful weekend. :)
And you wonder why other people aren't honest. Jesus, I got most of the damage. People really tick me off.
Where can I get cd @
I took a quick glance & I thought your tweet almost said Delmon Young.
Preaching my goodness!
I have a gaggle of Docs on speed dial. Most carry knives.
Drudge had to change the headline from "Romney wins VT" to "Romney wins VT exits". Kind of an important detail.
benjamin, please email me .edu to discuss DOI
I love how has more followers than ,yet sees my tweets & replies to them, unlike Mau.Ricardo, this is why I love u
Sometimes I see a completely normal word and freak out about how peculiar it is.
SORRY DOESNT CUT IT
need need need
"White Chcks" in my pants!
5-peat Region Champs!!
like wat is taking me so long.she's perfect for me idk man i hope you feel the same way i feel.
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be.
Different how?
. perhaps we need national policies on how to properly handle these situations w/o law enforcement. Our leaders have failed
ahahahahahahah wait you really are?
JR u comin back to the Knicks next yr? Think u could be an influential piece to a Knicks championship team!
Dance tech rehearsal went well.
- can't wait to see it in action.
what does that mean pretty?
This same credit union charges a fee to close the account, which is the only reason I haven't left yet. I think I'll be leaving today.
Who doesn't follow who? I think you should look again :)
The Silk Tie likes David! We love living a full life of exploration of ways to decorate your necks thesilktie.com
SO APPARENTLY ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT IS COMING BACK
all night long!
thanks! It's was a great show. The energy was awesome.
maybe it was a little longer. 2 per night for a while. It sucked us in!
what griefing mod do you use?
Sitting here.. Bored.. Listen to all different kinds of music.. With my cousin..
It's not my fault
#HERESTOLALL Graduation Speech: I'd like to thank the internet, Google, Wikipedia, Microsoft Word, and Copy & Paste....
Discovered a few things tonight. Potosi's Cave Ale is delicious, as is the reuben at the Weary Traveler.
Tune in now to see 's 'Snuggle Conditions' forecast map!
what ya doing in sf?
How bout them Jayhawks!
Goodnight world
Where the fuck are the painkillers when I need them?!?!
We still have GREAT students in need of host families across the U.S. Contact us for more info!
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 9
sharpton is a douche bag!
good observation!
We're my luh nigga at
Too cold outside to go for a run. Dancing as I clean my room counts as exercise, right?
Accept- then Act. Whatever the present moment contains accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it not against it.
I wish! And don't be too jealous all I've been doing is Pinteresting and watching Netflix
...and might I add leaving 5 of his team on the floor at the end of the game.
What did everyone think of the #SMASH finale? I'm excited for "Bombshell" to come to Bway and give me a reason to be a tourist in my town :)
And it feels like i am just too close to love you
Last class of Junior year done! Now a week and half of paper writing
thanks for the follow
Watching 's favorite movie: Chronicle Of A Circumcision
Electricity consumption per capita is the highest in Iceland
is it time to go home yet?
Is Mitt Romney's butler prepared to take that call at 3 am?
You never know what you have until you clean your room.
#eluna09 New roles for librarians as partners with users in the academic research process: Service Oriented Librarianship (SOL)!
Re-run from what's happening gotta be in the field
Whew...this week is going to be super busy. And then I head to Arizona for ICA next week!
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool blah blah ima be happy i don have to go back to that school!
About to record our strings!!!! Been looking forward to this for a whole. So excited!!
pleased to meet such an artist.
You really need to follow me
My brothers Jace ; his favorite song is "baby by " He loves that songg (; & hes 4
finally! Congrats!
Billy Cundiff baby! He missed a chip shot field goal and Baltimore is Devastated today Devastated with a capital D, baby!
I sat outside my front window, this story's going nowhere, he's well hung up and I am hanging on
Thank you! Been there...walked and stayin' single til the right finds me!! LOL!!
I'll be chanting Lets Go Nets all the way to a NBA Title!!!
Ya, thats a bummer, we missed you guys too but our non-hangovers thanked us this morning
I ran five miles today. Finally I had to say OK Lady here's your purse back. (thanks to Charley)
what about Mehdi?
#Medeco - 8th question: Medeco3 cylinders are certified & approved by 2 independent groups as a "high security cylinder." Who are they?
He said it in the blog where fans can leave comments. Go to #Vinylmation's Facebook and follow first link.
this is a tough decision, i think ill cry if either crew leaves! haha!
Being the supportive friend and harassing
RT : You know you are pursuing your dream when every moment of every day that's all that consumes your thoughts and actions
#iabaudio sasse touts lack of guesswork in streaming
Good thbing this group is getting split up . . . Hopefully we will get some tenants and landlords who actually know the law.
By the way, I'll be at UIC on Weds for the brown bag with Danny. See you there?
he's my favorite rapper. I got a session sat recording that only women track.
I love sweaters & coffee.
bummer! You piqued my curiosity...
Thanks for joining us today!
Haha, don't blame you there (:
due tell about that visitation of god
I did can u pls get Justin to follow me and u to follow me
Good news, A Year in Tyr by Eric J. Swensson, is now in paperback - check it out today and you'll be glad you did!
I misread the quote guys, he was saving Lincoln in case today's game went longer...My bad.
What kind of baby? name yet?
THA VIDEO WAS HOT ! LOVE IT KEEP DOING IT OMARION ,,,AND SHOWING LOVE , GOD BLESS YOU
Its friday excited for no reason at all
#SaySomething Is an Amazing song!(: Oh my Gosh, I freaking love it! You voice is Beautiful! ^_^ <333
you be there for her and support her My deepest condolences
I'm off today and saturday!!
thanks for following. I like your page. it's very refreshing.
fuck you I'm going to sleep!
never been a Boston sports fan. Same reason why Dallas isn't on my list of cities.
thanks much love
i have a headache too! :OO
IT'S MY DAWG BIRTHDAY!! Love ya sis
Need More followerss !
Wait sombody needs to tell me whats going on ! #confused 0.o
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"; Be patient, live life, have faith.
are you bringing a diesel S60 to the U.S. anytime soon?
That is my absolute most favorite play in baseball. You cannot tell me that a home plate collision isn't exciting and awesome.
My goal Is to gave 250 tweets by today.
RT : For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. -John 3:17
That's what I like to hear. We wouldn't miss it!
chelsea lately>>>>
Maybe her Mother's Day wish is for a little alone time. Who are we to judge?
We are thankful for you, your impact is vast and we hope you continue to see more awesomeness forever. You give us hope.
Weren't you afraid the world would explode when those lines crossed?
Had a great weekend chilling wit my Bf n family
Get money stay true
Been submitting albums for review all day. Anyone with a blog wanna get in on the fun?
That's fine I just record everything, and later I will post it on YouTube hopefully an attorney will contact me.
I need some money
“: Happy Birthday ! Live it up this year! Enjoy a delicious beer or two today (and maybe a good run)! :)”
worst thing is making yourself fit in and acting like someone you're not!
Lol right? Idk how this thought came about, haha!
Girl u crazy RT RT My ass> nicki mine
Ordered Chinese. Ah, I love food.
you were busy tho :( with your boy toy lol
and look at you now! They should hire you to do marketing for Boise.
San Antonio: Instant replay today. Next couple days, slight chance for an isol. shower. Windy W/E. Today: Partly to mostly cloudy, high 83.
There are no failures; just experiences that don't go as you planned
Creating a hashtag for things happening in the south bay
Meat sweatin' over here.
Tomorrow. *u*
Bout to finish this workout, send out these emails and watch the
Who would be a good person to connect with on the C+M talent management team?
ha! Could be a trend.
Don't even know what you two are talking about, but I love you both and I will fix it.
so much talent! :)
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I love you
I have happy hour on my mind. It's still happy hour, right?
"Find something you love to do, and you'll never work a day in your life” <U+2015> Harvey MacKay
can you please follow me!!! Your really cute and I LOVE YOU;:
congrats Robin! Much deserved.
Having a ground ball closer is simultaneously scary and exciting... good win
It's time for Dodger baseball!
i swear this drivers ed class is going to be the death of me
This traffic is some shit
Madison Fire: Beltline closed between Whitney and Gammon due to chunks of ice blowing from a nearby TV tower. Several windshields smashed.
I thought this was a very nice concept for a blog when I discovered it a while ago. And it is well done :-)
Just finished Identical by Ellen Hopkins and let me just say my jaw dropped
rest those paws, attack tomorrow! You're hook force will be strong.
Great deal for passengers visiting MKE. Thanks for the tweet and supporting
im chimchim voice and what that do umm umm bitch #FREEMYNIGGA BOWDOWN if u from 3ward u know who tht is
And he dont have to have money , he's love is just like honey its so sweet to me.
Andrea and my mom are watching that too, haha!
Happy birthday! I'm having a vodka tonic in your honor. Not really but CHEERS. How do you say cheers in Dutch?
Happy Cinco de Mayo! ;-)
Friday is Bike to Work Day. I'll be walking in the middle of the street to avoid being run over.
Do people not know their pictures are blurry? #howsyourvison?
You are quite welcome my dear!
RT : Taco shell made out of a Dorito? Come on people, get it together. You don't see us playing shows with sticks made of...
Isn't musical drama the best way to tell ANY story?
hahaha word. You are a wise woman
I tom is a movie day and a big Sunday dinner
I got shit to do today.
My scar hurt today. What could that possibly mean???
Miss you too! I think I just found the perfect bridesmaid dress :))) we'll see. What time is best on weekdays to talk?
Sorta near Walla2 (SE corner of WA), but I never went. It is isolated, but for a reason (search the net to see what's there).
the thatcamps are pretty big over here. First one that's archaeology oriented, though.
All work and no fun can wear a person down.... our outlet is motorsports... what's yours?
you were ICONicly AMAZING in the videoo! i think you should be in Boyfriend by music video! RT if you agree!
Maja(it's a German name) :)
Building a human network.
#Gym #Shower #Bed goodnight!
Winger Marketing welcomes The Chicago Sky to our client roster!
lol, ok. I'm gonna text you in a few.
Is spontanavian even a word?
Don't forget to pick up a bottle of Stinky for your football party!
That's right! Welcome aboard Josh! RT : . Oh yeah, I guess I never said it outright. I work for now.
just got home from my grandparents house, earlier a wasp almost attacked me... im ok though!!! goin to see fireworks soon :D
“: What does a 12 year old need with an ipad 0_o” nothing at all... Smh
"I got raincoats older than that." Columbo.
Enjoying the movies that has playing in the background, adds an extra layer of drama to the music.
shut up!!! That's a no brainer!! Im def. Watching now!!
See, now I read (ok, scanned) that article to review the math. Just a typo, I guess.
#ktfo in dance
Have a Motivational Monday!!! :D
Congrats to everyone who got yesterday's trivia question correct! "Loosey's Rap" was banned from MTV and BET for "sexual content."
the world turns, kush burns.
hahaha cant wait to see you xoxo
Let's stay in contact and meet up when I get to Milan n a few weeks
Well... THIS is gonna be a long day!
just send whatever hockey thoughts you have as good vibes to our Rangers.
this isn't breaking news. Joey Crawford has been out of his mind for a long damn time
At the infusion center
I honestly wish I grew up in the Tupac/Biggie era
much more coherent than feather tweets. ;)
Welcome to twitter! I look forward to getting to know you.
Making loveless version of Kaito.
CINNA: I am Cinna the poet, I am Cinna the poet.
The couch is coming tomorrow!! My guests shall no longer have to sit on the floor. :)
Love what I've seen from y'all so far. Excited to see more at #ShelfLifeTwo!
When telemarketers call my house and I answer, and they ask if my mom or dad are around cus I have a small voice <
Yep! Also got a much needed dose of inspiration :)
Goodnight everyone, sweet dreams!
thought I was....
My phone gets no love
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes <U+2764>
EVERYTHING'S going perfect! #birthdayplans. :)
Even Jeri Ryan needs to recharge. RT : ;-) RT : I'm most jealous that has a Borg alcove in her house.
Tres Leche Cake. HIGHLY recommend it.
UP EARLY LISTNING TO KANYE BOUT TO GET THIS DAY STARTED
#bookaday THE EXTRAORDINARY MARK TWAIN (ACCORDING TO SUSY) by Barbara Kerley Love the journal entries and biography writing tips
Finished a 10-page draft libretto for a Christmas cantata for my church. Now to the fun part - music.
The iEconomy: Apple, America and a Squeezed Middle Class
Good morning dwade
Welcome new friends, thx for following!
Thanks :) appreciate the shout out
follow back plz?
I am so excited that told me she got BOTH gifts I sent her & she even knew when I sent her the water globe, she made my night
Rest and be well. I'll need to get strict for a few weeks after these days. But it's all good.
“ Have a Nice day ^_^ lol” u too
Springsteen threw out setlist during Cleveland show & went old school amazing 3 hrs of energy
bitch fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you D:
and by 4,000th in college, he means "computer chess buddy"
lmfao I know I'm from Chicago
Want this bitch to stop eating these fuvking takis they STANK
June 3rd to the 8th or so
Just found on twitter -- highly recommend this group.
Surely. Follow Friday or #FF helps people gain more followers a lot of times.
need 20 more followers for 1k! Let's make it happen, tell a friend!
r u going to Pollstar Live?
Oh good, looking forward to it, haha.
Working @ home on my indexing paper after a dentist app't and my heat's out and I have a guests.. Feels like camp and it's a beautiful day!
#rewatching Love Jones
Omg i can't believe i lost my phone and i found it laying in the parking lot i got lucky!
Finished S1 of The Killing. Hope S2 doesn't spend long on this subplot about James driving his motorcycle to live with a creepy rich lady.
Please welcome Jessica79402049 to the Max life
I'm sad again :(
Rollin up hour and half left
Do u get my tweets?
next time I buy a house, i'll just pay cash.
I get that, but I don't see the worth in putting in all the effort.
Thanks Jonathan, glad you like it!
#ArabLeague officially backs #Syria Revolution against #Assad regime.
Help save the yarn bombs in Clairemont! Email me at w/ your letters of support for the Knitting Guy. Please RT
Thank you Leanne! Hope you're having a good week. #WW Cheers!
Stunning #SCMS panel on Media & Mid-century Design. Erica Robles on Shannon's information theory vs Ray & Charles Eames on connecting: tops.
Hunting for best bonsai tree in Austin. Suggestions?
buaha I know!
You tube is being really annoying with ads today!
Booking info:
Atlanta, GA-August 18, 2011 beginning @ 7:00pm Speech & Book signing w/ !!
That's the way to do it! Its still tasty the next day
#MyBiggestFlaw ....Music makes me lose control...
MT WVHouse Jud comm passed bill allowing coal co and DEP to more quickly address pollutants rather than going to fed ct.
AFPW IN REVERSAL MODE, SAW A GREAT PR HIT THE PRESS WIRE TODAY, COMPANY SEEMS TO BE LAYING THEIR CARDS IN THE TABLE AFPW
GREAT!!!!now that I'm on Twitter replying to you :)
Marco Terminesi opens the scoring for , 2-0 over
they do...
And swim good
I had the most amazing baklava at lunch today. Better than your average sex, but not quite hot college co-ed.
I thought Messler was the one eating the zebra cake and the oatmeal pie...guess I was mistaken.
Beauty isn't about having a pretty face. it's about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
Congrats to on the reopening of his restaurant A beautiful place to spend a #ThirstyThursday (or any day!).
Stay classy San Diego!
Justine is stalking people in trucks and I'm trapped in her car.
We're chatting all things today who do you think will win. Chat about #NewMusic all on the Tweet-dio show today!
I saw that!! So exciting. Just need to find out how much the pass is going to set me back!
why do they keep Marmol? This stuff happens EVERY time -he's KILLING me!
I can't wait to watch #Scandal tonight.
You know it's true and I will DVR that shit
Lmfao knows what likes best so I think I shouldn't be the one to explain this
Guess who's in seat 10c?
ah brandon!!!!!! And omg cannot wait, hate living in the west coast past watching SP late. What's new with you man??
No parking at LEnfant- heading to Chinatown/PQ area
Especially not with this threatening hoodie on. Didn't you know that I'm a menace to society?
Gmorining hope you have a beautiful day
Jack White stooping to collaborate with ICP is like teaming up with Jibbs or the Ying Yang Twins.
In North Carolina, you can marry your cousin, as long as your cousin isn't the same sex as you.
Why do I always screw up fuck :'(
Catching your show in Denver in March. First time seeing you. Can't wait!!!
Tomorrows mothers day , what you get your mom ?
y would u go hangout at that place victims
No D:
s/o to cute ass
DC reminds you - many ppl have jobs that require ties or black Express pants. Related there's a White House bike cop who thinks I'm homeless
Murning! Happy Friday!
I just saw a helicopter flying...someone must have gotten a 7 Kill-streak today.
again, with the personal insults get a life!!!!!!!!!
#NSMN announces Sports Tackles Cancer fundraiser w/ #sportsbiz execs in Chicago- July 22. Get involved.100% of tix to cancer.
LOL. There was no question. I shared my fear of spider revenge if I kill one..
I had tbone steak corn and mash potatos. It was good.
so, I'll pick you up around 1 tomorrow, k? k.
are you in hibernation?!
let's chill last period ?
I already live your band so that doesn't count. <3 Come back and play here again soon??
a weight watchers meeting?
Friday I'll be shooting it up!! #Photography Come join me and at because it'll be a night you won't forget!!
Thanks so much! “: just listened to Here We Go Again on youtube! Wow, awesome song! You have talent man!”
that they stayed at my house and they went to there concert with them , and got back stage passes. It was awesome.
Social networks really ruin relationships
Congrats on the Cinema Journal piece. Just cracked open my copy and am excited to finally read this piece.
Love Basketball. In awe of NBA players skills but can we call the basic rules? Refs need 2 call the game the way its intended.
Made the trip to the grocery store. Still forgot to get detergent.
Call me an optimist, but watching #postseason made me check when opening day was. April 6.
lol thank you babe :)
Why is asap rocky's music so poppin
RT : 1st male celeb #Grammys2011 ad = & Degree for Men. Followed by PSA w/Ricky Martin & American Cancer Society
Childs pose during vinyasas, but heavy panting at every invitation
im sorry :(
rest then a jog with a friend
Don't forget Express Lube!
TV on the radio this Thursday anyone?
The Lord is My Light and My Salvation...
depends on object & reason for deaccession. When I was an educator, de-acc'd objs could become teaching objs. +
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
Jury is filing in to hand Judge Skinner the punishment verdict. Court room is once again full with supporters of both sides.
Working out!
I need some new tunes......
#TCOB... i like that... i think it could be the next
what time
Now you can work on your draw on the football field and get a deal inked..
So happy #Dodgers swept the Nationals <3
ruff and his excuses..., such a tired song.
"The world is a looking glass and gives back to every man the reflection of his own face." - William Makepeace Thackeray
Don't you let that ketchup packet tell you where to 'tear'. You're a rebel..
Good to see!
I NEED to find a Great Bible College
haha i was! because i didnt know what to say...lol
Thanks because I could really use one right about now! :) Here's to getting skinny with #HCG! RT LOL, I will!
GREAT performance by headband boy and Jamar
what tourney you playing in next at the CPC?
We out here tryin function!
er..,maybe you'll get Bulls games on WGN.
I want mint chocolate chip ice cream.
Trey songz too fine!
playing a gig tonight near liv p st wanna come?
thats one movie im not sure i could sit through
We feel the same way! RT : you are a winner to me...
God damn some shit bullshit everyone just wants to make Justin look bad. The person he said fuck you to wasn't a fan. Get it straight
So at Zumba, they made us dance and grind on chairs. & I ain't even gonna lie, It was fucking sexy. ;D <U+2665>
Okay Thank you I feel better now ! <3 (:
I love your profile picture.... So much. <3 I can't wait for Believe <3
What's worse than ppl. Who talk behind ur back? Except for a fucking Snitch! Ppl. Need to learn to shut the fuck up!
A #haiku from pal Chris K: Whistle howls, Station / Master peers, squints down the line, / pets his faithful dog.
After several weeks off (and a lot of clear-all-ing), back on the Twitter.
Im going to smash my head into a fucking wall #fuck #hatemylife # pleasehelpme
*Gunshots <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>* Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca-Ca
I'm pooped.
I think she's gonna end up killing herself bcus of what they showed on the preview and either stef or damon is gonna turn her
can I come to the parties?
suffer for fashion!
Ireland plays a role in supporting NATO by offering free passage through Shannon Airport.
Notifications on my phone make me jumpy - I want to be a mobile developer without a phone
Thanks, Anna! And thanks for hosting the event today. We had a great time.
happy #PLL day :D
Ah....It's Miss Joanna Birthday! Happy Birthday!
If you ain't got no cash and you ain't smokin no weed, I dont know what the fuck you are doing wit yo life.
- trio of heartbreakers on the loose. watch out #ATLANTA!
I hate have a sore throat. so. fucking. much.
like the premium checkin at Heathrow terminal 4 so much better than CDG
and your point? Lol that's not far
It's goin down tonight inside #ClubEmpire... holdin it down till 3am!!!
Thanks for the Vint Cerf reference. You are correct. Most everything he says is notable.
follow mee at
Awww, shucks! Thanks! RT : Try the White Out Blend ...its pretty much heaven in a cup.
's recent iOS app update (v2.40) description incorporates Tony Danza, VHS, Gigli and Donezo. Best update description ever? Maybe.
well...did you get Fuse S&E Fried Rice????
It's not always the finish that defines u, sometimes it's the simple courage 2start! 2day is my start All Nay-Sayers please step 2 the side
ALERT: selling #breastcancer bracelets for $1 & read -- "Big Or Small Save Em All" proceeds go 2 RT if u want 1
from the brain, of a genius. No lie
I think 94.1 just made fun of #yellowjackets saying they were implying hurricane like conditions. Wish I had radio AR (like DVR) 2DBL check
Man i love white Women.....foreigns too 000
your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it. -Buddha
that video is amazing. Sims like animations.
Hm be productive or watch Netflixs for the rest of the day? #harddecision LOL
it's gonna be a very warm day #Chicago, which means it'll bring out the best and WORST choice of wardrobe
I'm at Starbucks early if you wanted to chat sooner. Earlier meeting rescheduled.
":Having an amazing dinner w/the legend Richard Palmese and @ Frankie & Johnnies Rye. Cowboy Ribeye Rules!
bench mob can't always do everything ...duh
Happy with Denver's picks so far
What a BEAUTIFUL morning!
I remember the Homie use to come to moms crib and spit with loose, now my dude is a celebrity! #salute I c U bro!
Oregon's is in two weeks. Will probably fall around that FSU number.
Why is he tagged in every tweet. We both need to pop a squat lmao.
PBS We Shall Remain is excellent, I enjoyed the part on Jackson & Indian Removal-very well done.
guess who's back? Back again.
a Morning Show Host on 105.7 the Fan.
im jealous!!! hahaha
haha. Glad to hear it. And make one of your own?
that performance was so dope last night + u + the prada glasses <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Aww wow!!! That's awesome! :)
that video is insane i love itt(:
oh ok... Well wen ever u get ready to do something keep us in mind. We always ready. U know to find us. So lets do it
Happy Mothers Day. I love you mom :)
Lil mama so fast, Lil mama so fast. SLOW DOWN.
Lets celebrate the legacy of Dr. King... Occupy the Movement!
Grades submitted! One class did better than most, one did worse. Strange semester.
Appreciate the little things these are lifes simple pleasures
there are* seven people
Bye Bye New Orleans! It's been wild!
McDonalds has been batting a thousand in the marketing recently...
OR I'm a rambling lunatic
hahah okay good
Lattes are more than a transport for caffeine and heat. G'night droogs.
who you battle next fam?
I kno g jus had to ask
so far ur statement is incorrect
Finally, anew Twitter layout. The last one was the most ungainly, user-unfriendly nonsense.
Whats wrong with that??
okay, i've became obsessed with twitter in the past 4 days. YAY.
is cooking me dinner!
Who do you think the Buccos should hire and why? I will write an article with your suggestions
heading over to the mall
Trying to discern health care reform as anything other than young and old re allocating dollars while other game the system...
Dancing around at 2:40 am with my REAL family. #fun the only person missing is vince. :/
I hate people on my bus like omfg die please
i was worried this was going to be foamhenge, which i haven't managed to see in person yet.
Stand back. Doors are opening. To God be the glory.
Cleaned out fridge at work. Enjoyed some expired yogurt & blueberries for breakfast. Feeling dizzy now... vision blurry... must rest...
I just misspelled "tattoo". And I have auto-correct.
so close but so far lol
The amount of information derived from just 4 Neanderthal genomes is incredible
that was an evil laugh I heard on air.
Why am I half expecting to see a Breaking Bad character at the car wash?
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I repped so many soap actors as their agent
For once, I'm not afraid to say I have no idea what to do now...
I'm still kinda freaking out that we shot the moon came to my school
i'm crazy in love with that's
Blood on the ice...
Working a double. The dolla make me holla, Honey Boo Boo!
I heard the movie will be out this coming year.
Boy i got a place where we can go
I never expected to be here alone;*
What should I eat for dinner?
Awesome goal! Nice handball in the box!
I am seriously way ttoo excited for tomorrow, guise!
Never too hot and never too old to have your
BIG TIME Congrats on your successful Q1!!
that damn trampoline looks like its gonna break
it's amazing that my mobile only gets bars at work when it's propped up against my Chavez doll's boot.
Hello Everyone! I have a pair of lime sire hi neons that I am selling!I know they are rare now and if you are interested please DM me! :)
: We episode of BTR tonight!!! Make sure to tune in west coast !!! 8:3pm
welli would give u some enchiladas but problem is dont know wer u at..
Working tonight from 5-11pm, come see me for some sexy time <3<3
Seems mind boggling they could do whole thing, just with what I've already read. Over 7 or 8 seasons, would be like $500 million.
Hey we're on the radio!!!
Hey Talana. How is everything going for you? You still in school?
Wtf I never get sick
Are you guys ready for tomorrow?! It's going to be one heck of a day!!
Ozu's Tokyo Story - Family, materialism, bittersweet mortality. Kyoko: "Isn't life disappointing?"Noriko: [smiles] "Yes, it is." Best movie?
Aint nothin wrong wit goin down souh for an ohio winter! Am I right?
When there has been favor on your life, it means God has invested in you - Bishop Kenneth C. Ulmer
thick cocku7 from MFC can i get a follow back
Oh, man, sadistic question right down to having to wear earbuds. But I go LDR. This would be a great point-counterpoint column
I'm thinking about getting my whole left arm & chest tatted, but then again my grandma would kill me :F blah
what's sitting on your shoulder waiting to lift off?
I'm buying a juicer sis. Time to.change the life. You can have my share of the bagels
And this is causing major problems with the Florida Condos. You haven't lived until you try to negotiate 6 years of HOA dues!
Anywho... Good morning
If you live in or around Chicago make sure to drink plenty of water and check in on old people today.
You know what they say...it's the quiet ones to look out for! has been very quiet! Good luck and team!
Not a good day :(
We're doing a 3-hour Go Red Sale starting NOW! Call 1-888-717-8851 to book tonight or tomorrow night with Glenn for only $94! Ends at 3 p.m.
you already have a project you want to submit
I hope you enjoyed the event; I've attended for the last 10 years.
just went on a shopping spree at old orchard haha
Come see the Bookbike and our Seed Library folks at today's Santa Cruz River Farmers' Market, from 4-6pm. Seed pots & free books!
I thought you were asking if I named the Puppy yet. What were u talking about!! LOL
ha, nice! Men at Work is. not. punk.
just mean ass hell!
Let's go together!
My story should be up shortly with the attached file. It's based on their voting records mostly.
Beam Announces Agreement to Acquire Pinnacle Vodka
Not knowing whether youre hungry or... hahahah
Only 15 % of Americans meet the weekly recommendation for 150 minutes of moderate physical activity, like brisk walking.
twinkle twinkle Liam Payne, Harry Niall Louis Zayn one direction is my life you kno I'm their future wife
I <3 life
Proud to be your first follow! :)
I think is gonna "kill it" tonight at Come check her out at !
can I join?
TSOI-NY catching His Purple Majesty. (that be Prince).
Awee lol oh well ill just get some in Mexico :D
Are you excited for Miami ? (:
we out here tryna function..
where the hell u been Courtz
"Oh just have sex already!! Gross." -my mom. Haha.
God has given me so many incredible moments in my life recently and I'm endeavoring to write them all down to remember them all & give thx!
i hate letting people down. so. so much.
If you find yourself in a car collision, and you are able, always try to take photographs with a camera or your phone.
Can't wait for the end of school :)
"that my soul, if I have one / must be stuck to the roof of my mouth" Jeff Simpson's "Communion"
there's a lock by my tweets. is that the problem? how to fix???
yup u got that right.lol
Me and Snooki have way too many things in common right now. Agh. I'm literally dying.
Came home to some Felipes pizza
That's a review I'll happily accept! ;) “: Thank you so much! I loved The Pirate Koostoe!
Don't. Just... DON'T. RT : you are mistaken. Robyn was created for MY enjoyment.
"Can you watch a Will Ferrell movie..." Stop right there. NO. (Except "Elf," of course.)
I'm seeing all this hate on twitter . Like seriously guys ? Just leave it alone..It's noting big .
wow that is a steep bet u made w/stacy! Anytime u want to make a FLA/FSU bet let me know. :)
Monday Night Trivia with Trivia Kings | 8PM | Biggest & best pub quiz entertainment in the Greater Washington Area |
Thanks for the follow! Stay tuned for more plumbing, HVAC, and electrical updates
Heavy metal acts to play Scarborough
HAHAH!! I guess we r doin our job.. HI HATERS!!
one of these days ima be like rambo... only ill squirt ketchup bottles. which leads me to a question... CATSUP OR KETCHUP?!
Can you believe Barack Obama wants credit for shooting someone in the face? Dick Cheney deserves the credit. Duh.
Like a boss?(;
basic was easy to me, the weather just wasn't!
IN Quotes: "People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it." - Chinese Proverb
man stoned to death in iran for adultery..it's ok in iran to rape ur wife..u just can't cheat on her.
I don't think so, but I pointed it out later anyway :-)
is king of the #. Far from sneaky.
#ItsAmazingHow your BM need you when it's convenient for her Hoe Ass.
Who wants to save me from dis boredom
speaking at #TEDxMIA not sure I want to read my own obituary...yet.
Plugging in 150 new contacts.
Ever time I see some I want that is over 300 I say "thats a car payment" and don't get it BUT I really like this Coach bag...um
Planning for my LAST week of student teaching. Bittersweet. Anyone have anything great for Silk Road or Mongols?
Great time last night with Numi Tea. Great party. Great location at the SF Chronicle Building!
Me too. I walked out of the room.
Ok stomach growlin now time to get up n cook breakfast :)
got you.
That's a gamble, Wikipedia isn't always correct
The day is going to come when people think I'm serious
I think I should put something down his throat hm
I haven't been this long without my brothers
Stop acting like you know my life, friend or not, you don't get to decide who i am
Welcome back
Good post #toccon: so much 2 report back 2 office that I've been talking all day. Bad: haven't touched the 151 emails I got M-W!
“: I rock this EVERYTIME I spin!”((AWESOME!! Thanks sis!!))
austin: "she's pretty cool" siri: "it's 74 degrees" austin:" I DIDNT ASK FOR THAT"
a little bird with a mustache told me you send telegrams. Can you share this secret with me?
RT : says Washington RB Polk's tape "is more impressive than any" RB in the draft, behind only Richardson
Getting my hair done finally <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
We <U+2661> Cbus <U+2192> RT : Chat & Pancake tomorrow morning at DK Diner and coming up...Man, I love UX in Columbus.
Byrne's Grilled Pizza, Cutiepie's and the NY Slice
Leonard Swett, an old lawyer friend of Mr. Lincoln and mine, wrote to me and warned: "Washington is drunk and the country is sober."
Yes. Since I'm an account that makes icons. I don't care which icon you give me. Demi Lovato is good though. <U+2665>
lol me too. Well I know because it's top 3 it's judges choice, Jimmy's choice, and their own choice
Wanna hear something hilarious? Check out the most recent Frotcast, on which they play an isolated vocal track from Smash Mouth.
Im WIDE Awake !
ah hon you are not a hater
When will new deposit functionality be complete? I love you guys but am now on list because I NEED this...
Why I'm UP??.... Anyway I'm HUNGRY but DON'T feel like going down there to fix anything..decisions decisions
A: most apps are also on android or use mobile site. Not many using android devices in hospitals. RT Q:
that's what I said all day today! :D
I love justin nozuka!
guess it is time to move to the US :)
Casola's in Miami. If you've been there.... You know.
i don't understand why people say that gingers have no souls. theyre very nice people..
Thanks! Great seeing you again!
Omg, why am I crying?
Aww, sorry! I finally got a new phone. Then I found out it doesn't have unlimited data, which without that the apps and games
All the broken pieces of your life is nothing more than a beautiful mosaic of your furture!
Dang! Belcher vs Cote was sick! A lil wwe move by belcher then rnc ftw! Nice!
looking forward to hosting you on Lying and Tech panel this October! If this is really you...
#Thunder's Derek Fisher equally pissed at how the #Mavs knocked his team out last year...haha #NBA Let's go Dallas
1) bron can't get tired? bron did get tired. 2) true!
There will be a puppet zipline at our show at on Saturday. Come on out!
Join the Kravitz Dental family! The sparking smile of your dreams can be yours: www.kravitzdental.com
follow M*Files because we want to feature you on our website!
[2 of 2] &then curating a real or virtual exhibit of those tweets abt that piece, to add to the interpretation/education....
I am ready! turn it on from the start. Busy idol tonight!RT : l hope your ready for the night's show..... tonight!!!!
This bitch just told me that she wants to Fuck me... Ewww, im freakin gay! But im flattered though :)
ALA in DC. Busy weekend ahead.
Triumphant return to soccer after 8 years!! .... Tomorrow's gonna hurt.
Trying some sweep rowing this season. Will I regret this? Two oars, like heads, better than one?
We love being friends! Thanks for watching!
Meeting w/
Sunday Brunches @ Chef Geoff's Downtown-- Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, Eggs, and GOOD TIMES!!
exactly 13 more days (: -scream- SCHOOL'S OUT SCREAM AND SHOUT -scream- WHY AM I SINGING HIGH SCHOOL MUSICAL?!?! What is happening to me?!?
please define outclassed... Last time I checked #Lebron has no class!
Don't you be flooding my TL with foolishness! lol
I'm pumped! Just won free tix and campsite to Rock USA in Oshkosh!
Thank you to for all the great memories. It's awful to see you go so soon. Packer nation will miss you dearly. :(
I think its funny when people don't have the balls to say hi... Get over it!
Savors the aftertaste of grilled peaches and drunk tigers
Glee's camp recognition located in its use of intertextuality and semi-incestuous song rather than queer characters--Robert Alford
This year i'll attend the US Grand Prix in Austin, TX with the same friend. Plane this time, not an ALFA Spider.
I love when you tweet these! It keeps me busy for days!
Word RT : Certain shit don't excite me no more!!!
happy birthday
It's been a crazy morning!!! Headed into a meeting now with Rev. Dr. Gerald Durley of the Providence Missionary Baptist Church.
Really sucks when storm knocks out power before you've dried hair, applied makeup, or ironed clothes & not enough coffee yet. Monday!
i have your card (after sifting through your underwear drawer) - let me know what address to send it to by 1pm my time.
EY Jr. Robbed Dee Gordon of extra bases and an RBI.
Why can't fans realize there's more to it than a player saying "I wanna go play for team X" then signing? the agent does the majority of it
Hey everyone tell all your friends to follow us on twitter!!!!
There's no reason refried beans should be as tasty as they are.
Why follow the leader When you can lead by example.
I still want to go to the maine show. Just saying. Also lets watch footloose tonight or Step Up 2. :-) haha Dance PAARRTY
Who am i to recommend there's something less
: Neil Young "Motorcycle Momma"
The kindest word in all the world is the unkind word, unsaid. ~ Author Unknown
My favorite CT movie: Monster (2003) "I'm not a bad person! I'm a real good person."
All who wander are not lost. -J. R. R. Tolkien
#3WordsForYou JUST BE ICONic
Hey there, (BearCom), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
It might have been hail again. That would make more sense.
i know ugh.
do u get invited to all these stars BDAY parties
Secret Service to "talk to" Ted Nugent tomorrow about his potentially threatening comments about Obama.
I'm anticipating a serious case of #12NTC FOMO.
Almost time for "Hotel Bars: Past & Present" at Lantern's Keep In the Iroquois Hotel.
right but if u was inviting me somewhere u could ahve texted that, its not deep at all, its not even worth this, miscommunication
No, I've seen it a few times as a child, but it's been about 10yrs since then. Still gave me that Christmasish happy feeling
It's nights like this where my only company is Netflix.
artest giving buckets
what is that?
link between that last thought and having typefaces morphing into sound files, moving images - and soon way further beyond
Ha. You fail, I have yet to use a spoon.
Cast of Pirates of the Caribbean won a fucking Grammy!
I was made to work. If you are equally industrious, you will be equally successful. -Johann Sebastian Bach
I almost finished the first draft of the 20 minute DVD exclusive "Making the episode" featurette!! Now time for bed...
At Broadway bar....
can I get a RT?? I'm your biggest fan...my husband gets jealous! LOL
Kyle Wilson
back in the day, yeah! Shit the bed for the Redskins.
Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail
I now know that your band is your brand....except that it isn't....
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Baked Sweet Potatoes with Ginger and Honey 4.39 / 5 Stars | 86 Reviews by Christine L. "Fresh ginger, cardamom,
Yay July 31 "Pink Friday Tour" VIP = Meet & Greet omg can't wait 2 talk 2 she's so Beautiful I Absolutely Love Her !!!
Def not sleeping, keep in mind the world will be closing at 6pm so please plan accordingly.
never settle for a man who tries to put shallow standards on your life, know your worth and get a real man who loves u for u ;)
Breaking out? Try Oil of oregano or Orego Max (iherb.com) it has anti bacterial and anti aging Benefits. Also Helps with chest congestion!
well, it was a good season. except for that whole dRose and noah hurt, lose in the first round thing
Elton John as a king instead of a queen. Really?
when i get everybody sick
that sounds amazing
Come do a little summer shopping today. And enjoy our new sound system.
watching cody on so random makes me so excited for september 17th!!! :D
Dear Kenny ; i hope your feelin alot better. <3 You're in my prayers. I hope you make a full recovery. <3
your welcome! thankyou for the inspiration! <3
thanks for the workshop RT!
Trying my hardest to get back into twitter..
Facing copy edits is a lot easier after being revived and refreshed by a wonderful Sunday afternoon with my kids and grandbabies. <3<3<3
#FaceYourself Fringe time
We're not friends anymore unless I get some of that ice cream...and a hot dog..but not together. That would be weird.
I am always saddened when someone orders a large cappuccino. They probably want a latte.
If it's possible for a football team to score negative points in a game, it's happening to the Broncos Sunday against the Steelers.
TY for the RT : One of the best things u can do for your biz is to brand yourself. What does this look like to u?
We're a Digital Media Program located in SEA, WA. We're headed to NYC in May. Would love to find ways to connect! Interested?
i wish they woulda shown it last year (1-68seeding) woulda explained a lot esp in that brutal East Region
HUGE LIGHTNING BOLT AND LOUD THUNDER!!!! I think me drive to Coffee Grinder.
when ed sings "body" like "bowdy" >>>
Back from a wonderful holiday vacation. Thank goodness I have receptionist support from Davinci Virtual! $99/mo so worth it! dv.co
I explain Twitter as being dropped off in the middle of a city, with everyone carrying on a conversation. Takes a bit to catch on.
for what position and good luck!!!!
Yes! But we need more standard measures for for-profit social enterprise. Not just real estate dev. but holistic community dev.
I can't remember the last time I was this excited to go to bed. And it's 8:22.
Indeed!! Can't wait for Conference Finals!
My parents were abusive... I don't remember them being #racist they were Democrats though, almost as bad!
At the republican debate. Tweeting the highlights as they happen.
of course we are hilarious
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
RT : Penn station hit the spot < its so good.
is a derp.
and now for the annual April 2nd tradition of seeing which April Fool's jokes I fell for online and subsequently shared.
Indeed! And that makes me happy! :)
aww tnx. I hope it will work. :)
A story from Lake Wobegon this week exactly mirrored my life. Hooray for me, I'm officially middle aged! And Norwegian!
It's about.that time
is it really national grilled cheese day? well then I'm having a grilled tillamook cheese sandwich - only way to go!
#TacoTuesday in #LA is #awesome....#love #life and its
Confucius Say, Some Sex Is Good...More Is Better...Too Much Is Just About Right
Q2 Maybe not emerging, but we're finally warming up to social media. Facebook today, hopefully Twitter tomorrow! Or just soon.
I go to get in twitter and JP is logged in thought it was me. I was super confused. Next time log out lol. Love ya.
Someone save me!!!! Im so bored!!!
Its gotta be yooooouuuu.
French music, hummus and laundry!! Awesome day off :)
ima get one too for my aunt so just look for one that you like
Feeling the Summer air.
So, who did AJ Hawk flip off?
Temper Trap Friday at Newport. Anyone else?
I sort of like the ethnicity of my nose. So, you can take your rhinoplasty coupon and shove it up your ass Lifebooker loot.
I ended up with 4 loads.
Ok Ok
RT : The scoring machine Joel Dreessen takes it in on the reception from Yates. Making it 16-10 #Bengals early in 3rd qtr
miss ya
no like undoubtedly. like you don't even understand
I know that would REALLY suck!! :/ AND you can get to know Nat and her family! :P
My sidekick loves #thevoice as much as I do. Catching up on the DVR!
The one place that will never get old.. A concert venue. (: <3
Fuck you, McDonald. Walked previous hitter and u swing at the first pitch. Do better
Pictures or it didn't happen. And even then, it probably SHOULDN'T have! Is it Linux advocacy?
I like ur tattoos
"In a world where you can be anything, be yourself!"
lol no they are annoying
Please Baseball Jeebus please let the phillies win
whatever I say on weekends (specially in Rage) is a probably wrong. You should know that by now!
": I'm weird <3" yeah super weird.
I really hate when someone tweets something really good but makes typos, then I wont retweet it lol,
Dinner time I ate so much I'm good till Halloween candy time.
Yeah as long as Erica and Susan don't cheat. I don't want Fayez on my team...
RT : Kush Camp Affiliates!... Sunday Funday in Hamilton, Ga. the livest move this weekend S/O S.O.A ENTERTAINMENT
I am an every-day girl who swallows and the best thing about me is my laptop and wifi? Man, please rethink your priorities.
Im allergic to the hater type.
Just a heads up ya'll ... Amici's will be closed this Monday September 27th for the Packer vs Bears game!
or you can work on campus through the night and once some #uwmgrind employees open up shop you can greet the dawn with a latte
Nawww, that is cool, unless she exceeds 200 lbs...
Excited that my fav non-fiction author Erik Larson will be @ Cincinnati Main Library, Sat May 5th. This is free & open to the public.
Why am I listin to tyga leisurely...
In San Jose for volleyball again
I wish I could be on #TrueLife. I have a story I'd like to share with the world.
this fool had me cracking up in the office today
I'm so tired that I put the remote to my ear like a telephone.
When you stop depending on people... They cant let you down...
#judge Like flag bkgrd. One or two more images? More color. Worry about wide text on fold. 4-pt might fold off. List words?
Go figure 80th?.Men's Health ranked the best cities for finding eligible women: D.C. Boston, Seattle. Milwaukee was 80th, Vegas the WORST :)
so excited for MN!
nice one. What specifically don't you like about the tax plan? The 20% flat tax? Would love to hear your thoughts.
I've been up since 530 am studying. I need quick cat nap and then it's off to church I go. I gotta get that pedicure today. :)
oh that's what it means! Good looking out
30 point blowout WITHOUT Perkins. Hm.
And once we are all here...people had better take out Earthquake insurance. We're gonna shake things up!!!
Why didn't anyone ever question Jessica Simpson's pregnancy? Her stomach never collapsed, but NOBODY'S ever been that pregnant!
Does anybody watch the Macy's Lip-syncing Day Parade?
Just got my nails done-now out 2 eat...then new tattoo #allonhim :-)
Just got back home
so behind on twitter, so I'm just now seeing this, but still, thanks for the #FF!
American idol :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#MyBiggestProblem Is Holding On To The Bad Memories And Letting Them Affect The Good Ones!!
Sent! Thanks for the help.
text me! #miss you
u hear about what happened to them two dudes that went to wp?
Mind stimulation is where it's at.
Definitely need a day by myself to let somethings out on a mountain top ! Screaming, crying & breakin down period.
To the best of my knowledge.
As I move back into a recruiting leadership role, I would like to hear from those using LinkedIn Talent Advantage. Please send me an email…
It is hard to live in the present, ridiculous to live in the future, and impossible to live in the past... — Jim Bishop
Thanks Lisa!
- Anytime, friend!
Based on Facebook, I might be the only jerk in town who didn't take his kids to #DisneyOnIce tonight.
Think I'm gonna pop in the DVD of the Steelers Road To XLIII..n chill.
Big kudos to for wearing socks today.
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Perhaps we will work an event together in the future! Robin Lynch Aerialist
Thanks! Several of those are about to be ordered.
should be in tomorrow or friday at the latest
good food uncle rush!!!
Tweet 4444. This is history-making. Never again will I have #tweet 4444. I really need to think of something good to say before I run out of
#Capricorn is grateful for the chance to gather the familiar clan together to discuss any longstanding property issues and access the future
I love #StPatricksDay but I'm ready for it too end...
: Mom set the bar really high.
Free $150 CityWalk coupon book with Universal Studios 1-Day Park to Park tickets and 2-Day Park to Park tickets with the Shuttle...
Only 25 days until my band 's new single is out! We've got alot of stuff ahead for you guys!
For days, the people ate words, drank words, inhaled words. --Pin Yi Ko (Fall 2010 issue)
your not an underground queen.
I wish Sarkozy could lose without that meaning Hollande became President.
geez damn house I'd gone too wow I guess I will quit watching tv lol
lool...only a product of a warlord would say that
I HATE if people say: u look like justin u r the next bieber´No1is like justin,but a lot of people(&this is the only thing u r ) R fakes ;)
Purchase Greece?
the black version of 16 & pregnant is called 13 & pregnant. lol
and proud of it lmfao
Jasmine... imma hit you.-. LOL yeah I'm just too FRESH ;D Just kidding.. haha
Why do I keep doing this? I'm a weak, weak man when it comes to
Glad to have the giant heater disk from Costco on this chilly night.
Any reason why ACL reviewing is not using the .5 scale like NAACL? Don't want to give a 4 but not sure if it's a 5 either.
Need to make 1200 #cakepops by Saturday!!!!!!! We need help!!!!
God knows why passed on Rick Dennison. Must've been his deep organizational familiarity & 24 year history w/ them...
Went to the doctor and I'm on meds that give me a headache or I suffer through a sore throat if I don't take them
I like how the ogr.py source is ~5,000 lines long. But it is well commented!
Life's a bitch, learn to fuck it.
Discretion may be the 'better' part of valor, but foolhardy ambition is where the action is.
good morning have you had your sect today? groovesect.blogspot.com
happy Friday, wish you were here this weekend :(
yes please!
That just made my day!!!! IS GOING TO BE DOING WARPED TOUR!!!!!!!!!!!
Can't wait to see it.. Still have your 100 bucks to give back to you
nah kid..OKC working them boys
If we hold onto sadness and its poignant, nostalgic ache, we can't let go - and we can't begin to truly live again. Yes, let go and let God.
To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. ~Agnes De Mille
I'm telling u-this music truly speaks thru our spirits!! thank u my friend!
Join the conversation with
Want to love you gently...
Why can't I be great at the one thing I truly love doing?!
Remember, this Tuesday is "Super Tuesday"so dress up like a bitch and walk on the streets :D
I'm not going to lie; I can't wait to see what's in store!
Sad to see my corner store suddenly turn into a Plaid Pantry.
oh my god. no one cares you cant identify with a marginalized ethnic group. you look awfully black to me.
yes! We need him blocking shots and changing shots
Huge series for the #redsox this weekend against the
#educause10 Ithaca College showing their beautiful, highly customizable portal with built-in social networking and mobile support
On my way to the Gym...
RT : Looking fwd to meeting w/ Jim Clark @ 3pm to get my viva los 1070 shirt. >way to go Sheriff, we love you!!!!!
Say no to PIPA and SOPA, Joe. Don't censor my internet.
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UPq
Just about getting up to speed on laptop catch-up, now just to recreate the last 4 months of projects from scratch
If Tebow were traded to the #Jaguars, how much would Taylor Price (base salary: 490k) get in return for surrendering #15?
Good morning, Sunshine! Looking forward to the #SouthernParadiseBall next weekend. :).
but I personally can't stand the GA's. Not my kind of activism...
thanks so much for the RT. :)))
kids these days... amiright Leo? lol
Last class of the smstr. In desperate need of a RELAXING night with some good friends & a good movie ;)
thanks for the RT
Jethro Baits welcomes Connor Edmonds to Its Pro Staff ! Connor is an up & coming angler from Wilmigtom NC - Go Connor & Go Jethro!
All kinds of cranky
Corazon Real Estate is offering all Reno rental property owners a free Reno property manager review by calling 775-826-1414. Ask for Tony!
what up Rod... ain't heard from you since the C's last played....
hop in the car
it was made in Chicago!!BEARS!!!!
I'm not saying they don't, but how much do the WikiLeaks leaks matter? Did it change our sense of context of the war (yet)?
not at all. He's a monster.
Happy Mothers Day! Treat mom to her favorite craft beer at The Lackman! Drink well, Drink OTR, Drink The Lackman!
Just counted 603 grains of rice by hand. Literally. My mind has bee damaged, please destroy me>.< hahaha
Dammit I miss #Milwaukee!!
Minnesota's own Danielle Vojta made the top 4 Morganette bracket! She still needs your vote Text DANIELLEV to 44686, bracketmaster.spike.com
does that mean we won't be seeing you around here for a while?
That's great, we hope to see a lot of USTA League tweets from you this summer
Trying to watch the nominated features... comments? Suggestions? :)
No, but I'm going to go check it out!
Thanks to YOU for the follow. Hope to see you on the big stage someday!
And most of his time in the minors. IIRC, they liked his D there just not quite as much as Desmond's
Tiara can't bowl and Darion can't either !!
Haha I Knew I Would Here this from you lol
can u get him to follow me?
After one week off from classes ... tomorrow morning's gonna hurt! New attitude will pull me through the pain.
Keep forgetting you guys are like 1000mi North of us. Guess you see the Northern Lights sometimes.
Never gunna be alone. #Nickleback Should be a #Christian song...
All club promoters, all over get at me..BOOK
Tony Allen dunked on all of them dudes
Big thanks to for taking the time to do an interview for BrewCrewBall. Heck of a great guy, from what I gathered.
Right here thinking about YOU missing YOU still LOVING YOU
Mentioned! :D
EVERYBODY TUNE IN LOU AND DJ FORTKNOX ARE GOIN IN #FRONTSTAGERADIO !!!!
infant sorrow- inside of you :-)
Yikes. I hope that redhead on White Collar is ok. She has diminished tremendously.
lol I love the absence of the plate and he just goes for the whole pan. You've got yourself a winner, Dotes :)
that's probably why many apartments ban them.
I think there is a big grass fire south of town.
Another sleepless night...
will a group be at Johnnys tomorrow?
Happy National Coming Out Day. Come out ... as anything (religion, identity, favorite hobby, whatever) today and feel free!!!
God will never close a door, without the intention of opening another.
host #SMWNYC event at Brooklyn Brewery. Panel talk..party and more #chocolate!
#imissyoubut I know I'm not supposed to
Going to the gym to get my skinny on
Murdering some ass!
have you been to a concert there? I don't understand how it works... can you bowl and hold up your lighter at the same time?
im so excited for to open!!!! I wish I could go to the grand opening
Today headed to sonic s in bayonne lol
Houston or SanFran for D this week ?
The Giant parade here today was fantastic!
Where is YGS#21? It's supposed to be EVERY DAMN FRIDAY.
i can send u a pic of it if u want
not to my knowledge lol
Wonderful Mother's Day brunch with the family !
If I got to bed well baby can I take you?
Yikes tomorrow is Monday ? Where did the weekend go to ? But it was a wonderful weekend, so very happy!
Thanks :') RT : idk Gilbert and Makenna are pretty adorable
Thinking of Japan...
One of the best ways to support independent music is attend local shows.
It's pathetic how much nicer the Planet Fitness in CT is than the Government Center one
you better be, chasing you upstairs x
Congrats girls! Celebrate responsibly.
- I love X, seeing them May 12th in Seattle. Have a great time!
I dont want to take the spanish test tomorrow :/
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Falling in love is like jumping off a really tall building: your brain tells you its not a good idea,but your heart tells you,you can fly.
Happy birthday to and early birthday to We have lots of reasons to celebrate tonight
my little sister is on her kindle and my slackr radio account is linked on it.
Thanks for following!!!!!!!
RT : My condolences to #Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu on the loss of his father Benzion Netanyahu. May his memory be a blessing. \
I Bet U Do
we are glad to have you training with T2!
Dinner App Special: Coriander Seared Sea Scallops with Pine Nut & Golden Raisin Couscous & a Creole Mustard Butter Sauce
are you on wx coverage this am?
are safer than weed...then u really need to do some researxh on both steroids and weed.
I know Im weird. I've always been the perviest out of all my friends lol. ever since I was a teen lol.
To see things in the seed, that is genius. - Lao Tzu
If you’re respectful of the police officers, they will be respectful back.
quit getting introuble idiot before your not allowed to go to the pool party!
Agreed! RT : Great chat tonight--thanks for all the good info for parents and students
Heat are getting outplayed by the Pacers scrubs. Defense has been terrible. Spo you fail at game planing
We Do it Straight like that......Get Money Straight Like that...
Watching an episode of #ParanormalChallenge for the first time with reaction- :O GASP!!
No reason to stay is a good reason to leave.
happy late birthday
Find out TODAY at 240pm PST who will be at Comedy Fest this year. Its the 30th anniversary!
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy the weekend.
What did Biden say?
Please do The Jerk for #oncinema. It is my fave and available on DVD. Would love your expert insight.
“: Unless greed is Mitt Romney's religion, we're allowed to discuss it, right?”
David Bell, Houston, focus on performance consulting, fav topic - change, have time to spend with you tonight.
if you go now, the starbucks at Maryland House will still be open
Literally falling asleep. Probably should of slept more than four hours last night. How am I supposed to finish my Chem labs tonight?
I ride for my team #TGe dawg !!!
Good, thanks!! Just to let you know, we are presenting our latest designs today, so stay tuned!
Whoever is in charge of choosing and buying the art books on display at has really good taste.
Nothing at all!! Hoe are you?
Thank you.. No rain and it turned out pretty good.
It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life
yes please!!!
it is not a lie. I'm about to call your father, what would he think? Hm? Hm? Hm???
Lots of passion and enthusiasm about your business today, - great work! Keep the momentum going.
Dear Internet, what's the url for webmd? I accidentally contracted hypochondria again. Sincerely, ME
There are two keys to ur heart, the one u own, and the temporary one u trust another with
Guy begging for change wearing a Jack Daniel's shirt; you need a more convincing pitch.
yeah, terrible driving in and out of Miami and to the Keys but all clear while we were walking around, fortunately
NFL announces Matt Stover will reveal #Ravens second and third round picks on Friday.
Emily on #Revenge is like Don Draper in that I feel I really shouldn't like her or want to watch a show about her, but strangely I do.
Sorry i havent beennon. College is so busy! Anyway i hope is okay <3
I love David Cook. GREAT single!
Not necessarily. I was treated quite poorly in high school b/c of my disability. Many of those people are now more compassionate.
Annoying things designers do #12. Scoff at signage and say "They used Papyrus, seriously?" Friend looks clueless.
got everybody crackin up! #classic ribbin everyone I swear lmao
If I had some money in my stock account (or had one), I'd totally get in on a $40 open for Facebook. If that's true.
thank you =]]
Me and just cashed out
fashion show in june >
and Mon Sept 26th early show with virtuoso mandolinist snehasish & s.o.m. 7pm, free
Giving away a pair of tickets to see Heartless Bastards Feb. 11 at Gravity Lounge tomorrow on the velvet rut. Details to win tomorrow a.m.
Freelancer wanted: do you know how to make PowerPoint slides look awesome, animated, etc? Might need some #freelance help. DM me.
Excited 4 right NOW! Red carpet just finished starts in 10! If u missed it check its next screening
No discounts for alumni with this event; we're just co-promoting it to our community.
you're already pretty. =P
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE will you please come to wisconsin
I'll be tweeting for #jhuNYC for the next two weeks during the First stop tomorrow, (Follow #jhuDC and #jhuBerlin too)
Thanks for the follow! Great pic of you and Schulman!
lol.oh no I haven't
Don't think I'd ever want to work with someone that used the word "hate" in reference to another person.
New eyes! Picking up my mum post #Cataracts surgery
bih.. Look who's talking
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning Remembering what pissed me off the night before!
I'm sure everyone would love to know who that girl is(:
Taylor Greene and Brooks Conrad. The Brewers' murderers row.
This weekend we're going to convert a 1949 8n tractor into a teleportation device so we can all share Brooklyn lunch times
Thank you USPS and Records for Roswell Rudd's brand new "The Incredible Honk." Go ahead. Make our day.
it sucks having a famous name. Wish it was me!
Chris bosh is an ostrich
ok i picked i will be writing a twitlonger of the 6 people that won and the details i need :)
We rarely encounter profs who've asked for workshops that are actually using the text. Sigh. (2/2)
It's the #GreatAmericanCleanUp day! Meet us at 9 am - N 22 St and McKinley as we spruce up Midtown and Lynden Hill in #Milwaukee!
#Arguru on repeat for 3 hours = Productivity+
Hello THANKS for the follow.
Oh soo tired needs sleep or a vacation either one works for me!?
drink one for you and mca and tell chris he is bollocks! :) ... what up & ..I'm quite buzzed
I Watch Criminal Minds Lolololol<3
ditto! this is my right twitter;)
RT : He ain't have to say 'Hulk smashed' though -____- << lmfao I had too. Avengers on my mind
PLAY SOME SUPER D.
seattle was part of , please try to add a date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 1
Chris McCann, President of 1-800-FLOWERS "If it ain't social, we ain't doing it, we need to learn social commerce WITH the consumer"
RT : full from delicious food #iconG. Favorites: fried pork cutlet sliders, Uli's sausages & Nut n' Honey Cocktail
Back to the tech books, once you learn it they change the game. It's a never ending story!
crushing headache and not yet ready for western civ at 1:00 today.
Norfolk St. is absolutely shredding Mizzou's defense.
next time you tweet you'll have completed it! congrats!
Hrmm, Is Portland that good or Philly that bad tonight?
This weather puts me in the mood to cuddle!!!
That was the giants
Really, Sakai? Monday night? "A 2-hr maintenance window has been scheduled for TONIGHT: Monday, January 25th from 9-11pm."
NP -- thanks for passing along the infograph. It's spurred lots of discussion in my circles.
Bad attitude.....check. Black & Tan's.....check. Whatnot.....check. Better get some of these in me before this turns ugly.
:-))) who'd ever think I'd own dijon mustard pants!
**BREAKING BETTING NEWS**Source: Floyd Mayweather has 1.8Million on Clippers +6 tonight (7 Different Sports Books) took his action
i don't think you care.
#giants must contain vick or they are in trouble today RT : NYG need that with urgency. good game.
#sacscoc End of general session.
thanks for the mention
Not only does it feel like Fall out there. But there's a Beautiful Full Moon out shining bright as can be. I love the Moon!
you've tenderly wiped clean your buttonhole.
Do you realize how easy you are to stalk? :P Make your facebook private! I could swipe your mobile number if I wanted.
#TheJokesOnYou if you don't support new music! My project, "Exposition" is well on it's way, but still needs your help!
I took a few weeks off for me time. All of those things that kept moving from list to list are now crossed off for good. Taxes included! Ahh
FOLLOW RESPECT #Packer nation
Check the new track Sae 724
Pandora.Nirvana station.Perfect
hahha. made me laugh with this. thanks for being a customer!
This is OFFICIALLY the OFFICIAL twitter of Maegan Machine. (seriously, unless you are an A list celeb noone cares if its OFFICIAL or not.
On our way to meet kathy, henry, & ava at the denver children's museum!
M I will definitely be getting some this week! Thanks :)
I'm gonna love you like I've never been broken!
I love that FB sends me 4 emails about a wall post just before sending me an email telling me about sending less email.
As oppose to 99% of Men who spend most of the day drooling over you regardless of what were doing :)
Thank you all for all your continued support!
OMG!! Justin Bieber followed because i followed JUstin!! WOW!
Not very often I'm lucky... -__-
It's funny as hell!
I knew it was only a matter of time, but seriously - that man's a genius!
This weekend tianas dying my hair blackk >>> finally getting this blonde shit out.
your welcome Val
fry fingers :)
Smart fitness puts premium on the personal touch
Definitely should be wearing my "bless this mess" necklace today. So appropriate right now.
"Don't let anyone tell you it's a bad economy & no one is buying.Those who possess the skills to work in a bad economy are making a fortune"
Hearing about some #firstworldproblems from
So far, so good! It's a little chilly out here, though.
Thanks for following! You have so many great words!
i guess i'll go to bed considering i have to leave in less than an hour.
yeah u r!
good taste, Ed!
Will be tearing the house down tomorrow night at clicks in baton rouge.
Where'd the beads go Nantz?
Now that Ron Burgandy announcement is viral, I can look frwd to more jokes/comparisons to Veronica Corningstone and SD TV News!
Probably x-files, full house, boy meets world and game of thrones, in that order!
okay run today after doing absolutely nothing yesterday. going to try and swim later and cont. my search for a road bike
Anyone out there develop their own apps?
I found somebody know so now you're just somebody i use to know.
Right now, Paris I Love You But You're Bringing Me Down, which is a lot of fun. Have you read any Elissa Schappel?
Thanks for the tweet! How are things ?
“: #FF Great to follow/FF happy Friday!!
Let your work speak for you...
Only a couple days until #Coachella , what essentials are you packing in your Vinchee this year??
NOW HIRING!!! Auditions held daily, age 18 & over. Call (503) 285-0281 for information on how to join Portland's best variety of female cont
Enjoy your Baffler!
Oh wow it's pouring
I wanna drink my apple juice. . .
I know you just want to fuck when you don't take the time to get to know me.
Thanks, Matt! Happy Holidays to you & yours!
We have no contract Nextel handsets available. Need a spare device, send us a DM.
Need to get you and your podcast over to sometime!
Just stretching.
Yeah that's true, she should know what kind of daughter she has ;) and trust me. Oh yeah that's what every1 hates :P
Hm. lol Try ?
Sick of crying , Tired of trying , Yeahh im smiling but inn thaa inside im dieing.
Don't miss tonight's Bonamour Launch Team Call at 6p CST. Dial in info can be found in your front office under Calendar
well I would be #lovemesomeporn ;)
Enjoying a Hazelnut Brown Nectar!
They finally came to their senses, indeed! #BreakingIn is back!
Where is and the party is not over till everyone is pregnant.
Ha ha! Id venture to say more famous for being Raisin Capital Del Mundo, but w/e works ;)
is wondering - so what will The One is offering to those who don't unclench their fists?
I know this is really ": Rockin' the Flock this morning. So stoked to be playing my drums in worship of our Lord!"
Blame the circus and one of my moms close friends for being the reason why I'm scared of little people/dwarfs/midgets
Happy Fathers day Javier!
ok. Just wanted your opinion, thanks
We are looking to make some new merchandise. What is the next product we should create? Northpilot Snuggie?
NFLPA Chapter Leadership and Board support the ask of the owners to support the widows and survivors who are seeking benefits. #NFLownertip$
Just now seeing this. Thanks, love <3
slowly switching to US mode...stay tunned
Awesome pic of Earth; glad we can't the islands of plastic trash n the oceans; or did i just not see them? Thanks really cool
Nice...Can't wait to see you!!!
Has anyone seen Chelsea Handler's new show, "After Lately"? FUNNY!!
Where else can you get a burger as spicy as our food?
FWD: : Police investigating a homicide, 100 block of Scoles Ct. Male victim with a gunshot wound.
I hate authority.
David Wright was caught in a run down at 3rd and Ramirez just dropped the ball lmaooooo dkdodkdbfjedhe
RIP Gil Scott-Heron
I'm good too. And I know!! Seems like forever.
About to watch this pacers game since I didnt have to work <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
#liber2011 , is "stonking" a good thing? :)
Can't wait 2 go back 2 my old home place & c what Mr.Doyle has done. I miss my home SOO badly. I still cry at nite.
Only 2 places in Bible, 1 Old Test, 1 New. 100's of passages on adultery, divorce & remarriage. Why r those legal? Romans 12:14-18
one direction tickets, thankyou i will repay you with my cat or up all night cd or anything (after i pay you in money, of course)
For Cinco de Mayo my wife and I are having a Mexican standoff.
that's a crime
RT : Shift from fear to #Love ~ Lori Moreno #Love RT
someone's going to be sleeping in a walking patch on teh couch tonight.
I didnt see you refer incorrectly to but I am sure he doesn't mind.
nice I just checked in. Should be a fun weekend.
follow me “: R-E-T-W-E-E-T If You Need More Followers! #Follow <U+25BA> <U+25C4> So He Can Help You Gain”
If you give me 1 Billion dollars I can make your pictures crappier too.
Training legs and praying at 4.30 am. Wow ok speak to my heart holy spirit cause idk what do.. True humility comes out of pain...rep'n
What am I doing? WTF R U doing twitter? Answer me damn it!
Think I saw 's doppelganger tonight. Definitely had to do a double take when I saw her.
I adore my family and friends!
Don't let the butterflies flutter by without seeing them! Sun, Aug 7th, 1-5pm is the last day for Backyard Butterflies. $3/person $8/family
They've said they'll shut down sites of rule breakers. It's not worth it to lose all your followers & built-up page.
I am not a fan of pulling content from a spreadsheet!
We'll assume that you're talking about a spouse rather than Digital Humanities?
U a duck!
Just a little lovin', early in the mornin'.
My neighbor's dog is so popular that every time he barks, the neighborhood dogs RT him.
Have a safe night Tampico family!
just google Schaefer Riley. She wrote a fairly offensive blog post on the Chronicle website.
instead i have the "education wonk" shirt. that's my other MPOW. maybe you have a future wonk to send us in 18 years? :)
Surround yourself with progress!
So bored
That awkward moment when your friend asks to look at your phone then looks at all your messages.
Loving the rasta roll ! Thanks!!
At #cloudforce event in # atlanta. Partner event first. Lunch with
I seriously just can't believe you said all of that to me
why they didn't go to aunt Pam bday party? & Y'all deep ain't it.
Going to sleepysleep. Had another dream last night, We were chillin in her hotel room & I called her "gurl."
without a doubt! Cannot wait for the season to start.
I hear what u r saying. Sorry: your question triggered an MFA #newplay workshop flashback.
looks like no, I have to be in Canada on the 30th. Bummer man, but the good news is my lady won't be so jealous.
Happy Birthday Madison! :)
Very special #FF to and
Oregon State up 24-14 at the half
Melissa McCarthy! Love her!
Two choices. Go pick mommy or go to the park. "um go the park" hahahahahahhaahhaa
what channel??
Dear gosh my stupid jackbutt of neighbrs r so freaking loud
HA! my buddy did that on prom night! good shit!
I kicked some major ASS at my third callback audition today for a low budget film! Let's see what happens! :)
on AIM now: afteritendszach come say hi.
back to work its almost 90 out beautiful day will enjoy working outside with dogs. the mosquitos tho frkn huge thnk one just stabbed me
Are you spread too thin at work? It's not too late to see Ed Muzio in Denver Sept 15 www.ispi-frc.org
let's finish it crew.
aw, tomorrow should be a good day. :-)
Unfortunately, the conditions of my parole prevent me from being there this weekend. :) But Scotty P. will be there.
“: NYC at night + the Fuji x 100 = magic” capture the moment!
You're very welcome!
new star tours is awesome. does lance like roller coasters?
I'm still working on my second novel. Ah damn.. I can't watch The Avengers tomorrow
Life is like a box of chocolates... you need to bite them all in half to see what you truly want.
Happy birthday Janet Jackson, born today in 1966! What's your favorite Janet tune??
Im going 2 t stores later 2 see if I can get a few of those things J came home asking nicely 4 t little thing
Your a great east side #bowler just great
Do the new mints taste "hot" or are they sweet? I can never handle Altoids--they hurt. Are these doTerra ones similar?
how about a responsibility free dinner club where we may or may not tweet what we cook for dinner
Tom Coburn on The Daily Show, flogging his new book, emitting merde from his mouth.
what's going on bess? Did they come back again?
In the morning i be tired af and i still go to bed late.. fuck it
yay! I got my starbucks mocha frappuccino FINALLY! m I love chocolate!
hey do you have a fan skype?
I guess it's bad design/ui time on the webz. Still seething about google's evil and then twitter sends out a effed up mobile version.
: "Cliff ate my bean dip"
Give your kids a head start on technology, Archos and PlayBase Kids Tablets reviews
life is weird, but what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. When you think of the past, remember why it didn't last.
Custom bikini ordered! #EmeraldCup2012 So excited!
Lol RT : I usually don't slander the Lakers... but I have to tonight. LMAO!!!!!!!
I know right! I love it (: And it's also a great dance that my teacher came up with. It shows this really awesome transformation.
Everyone keeps telling me that I need to read The Help. I better hurry up before the movie come out!
Single source story, and the source is ... Wikipedia? Jesus.
I asked God to protect me from my enemies and then I started losing friends.
Jason Garrett is such an IDIOT!! He messed up his OWN KICKER!! Fire him now!!
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 78F Fair: 78F Fair
It's officia- we're in Hammacher Schlemmer!!! Check us out at 57th St. between 3rd and Park, NYC!
shout to whoever made #TTPTurnUp movement up ... Yall young niggas trending #1 ... <U+270A>
you can't get there if you don't start moving...
sadly, im not married. however, didn't expect a clever comeback, since of course you are from winnipeg.
but your dream is just better!
"mark it 8 dude" well put stuart scott
See even Kim K. Knows That she is a celebrity. My hating was spot on. Lmao
Tasting Gold coast, Verona and Yukon tonight. Stop by around 6 for some coffee and pastry samples.
oh. Yeah.
finishing reading the last two chapters of hunger games so I can start on catching fire. I'm the worst on finishing books I start
If you have responded to a CTK post Thanks!!! We love the interaction. :-)
Paying for smart water just to have the goldfish on the label when its a frog.
I love that t-shirt! (But it looks more like a bad ape than a bad monkey.)
I hope my sickness goes away :/
Pat Phelan beats Taishi Billings at 1:29 of Round One via TKO from strikes!
Good for you!!
Richard Pryor was/is the shit
The "Wave of Appreciation" is tonight from 5 - 7 pm, EST right? (:
What's wrong Luv ?
Is "Thickly Settled" a New England thing?
Good morning Albuquerque! Are you ready for some basketball??
I hope!
niggas lame for that
Nose spray is my drug of choice.
Becuz she got something in it
Reason to save #webOS: It's so intuitive, my 2 year old can multi-task with it.
haha no problem! I had to prove to you that I don't faint anymore.
lol OK that's fine. Do you wanna go to the mall with me so I can get my mom n sis their mother's day gift
Hangin in the hotel after a long afternoon watching tennis. Looking forward to the night out.
So excited for #CommonBrunch tomorrow w/ ! They have some fun stuff planned!
It could all be so simple.
To be honest, I have no idea.
oh yes<33333 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
At The Evergreen for a quick cup of coffee, then off houses.
I don't know lol
thanks for your kind words re: BENT ROAD. LR
Time differences really do suck, it's 5:10 where I am D: xx
lets fix it soon please and thank you. *smiles* RT : I know...it's crazy that we haven't run into each other yet...
A little girl in Texas became Mayor For A Day and named a street after Justin Bieber. Who would you name a street after?
That's good, and it is what it is over here. Nothing major
There are some people you meet, who are so dumb, it makes you think, "How do you survive everyday?"
I wanna cop a fresh sweater and a pair of jeans asap.
#FF Thanks so much Connie
The New York Association is hosting a networking social at Faces & Names Bar on Monday the 14th.
I got that feeling!!!!
Now it's 5am. This was not my intention...... lol
It's childish shenanigans like that that brought us Shaun Marcum. Brett Lawrie is bush league.
Let's go Get another win!
homemade bread
OMG that is the best twitter feed ever
Face down, ass up, thats the way,we like to fuck
Died right before my AC-130. #Duty @
Cool stuff people are doing right now (rather than try and make them wait til 2013). Stuff people will come see at 8 a.m. :-p
totally agree!!! 1000000 %!!! RT I personally think its crazy you don't have to show ID or license to vote.
“: The T-Party has bcome so enamored w Rhee that they requested she change her name to Michelle Tea. ha!
I love that song too!
my condolences
chilling at the maaallllll.
As a bucs fan im use to watching the draft without the bucs picking “: in the 3rd round...no picks in the 2nd”
Attentions Models DBHH is now taking Submission to be feature on the site plz submit portfolio to for consideration
Suzie is so annoying
Now that's real love.
Dropped my yea olde contacts file all ovver the floor...What a MESS!! Good time to reorganize. Why the heck do i still have a folder of ...
Justin now has my 100% seal of approval. I'm WAY too excited to fire that up after work myself.
don't know why i'm about to do this. freaking out. i need another trip to NYC to make this bearable. #panicing knows why
#SanDiego don't miss out! RT : Attention, #bestfriedchickenever is back! Feb 19 at Starting @ 4pm till it runs out!
Happy Anniversary!!
That could explain it!
no ma'am !
Great 2 show day at 's "1776" due 2 performance of understudy Bobby Smith stepping into role of John Adams. Tremendous job!
#Bilboards2012 so proud to be Latin!!!!
Exactly, all he needs to be is better than Maysonett and he's worth picking up for a tad above the minimum.
RT : the weeknd and frank ocean at lolla. im there.
Sometimes I wish songs would just mix themselves....but that wouldn't be much now would it? Lol
is the greatest!
That moment when my iPhone's camera app isn't working…
I make everyone confused and upset so maybe I should just go away!
#YouTube / #google wants me to pay them $3 to tell me what my password is? Fuck that..
I'm not sure. he said I was really pretty?(: hahah
soo... does anyone have apple tv? and if so, is it worth getting?
lol will say though looks better on u than it does on me
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & pastor
we're i75 N in ocala too. Just hit a traffic jam. You in it?
I've been at two Final Fours when KU lost. Was supposed to be '08 but auto accident changed that and they won. Daughter claims I'm a jinx.
Interesting perspective on importance of historical thinking... RT What do you think? Study History, Save Your Marriage bit.ly/npYaiQ
yeah!! #19days - #countDownToMrs !! XO miss you - thinking of you sis!
Injury accident Potomac and Colfax.
Get down for the derby on 5/5 w annual Kentucky Derby Party. Mint Juleps, bourbon & lots of BBQ. Fancy hats optional.
#FF to a few of our newer followers:
that's what the winters for young wesly
Figures, I plan a trip to New York City and a hurricane decides to bee to it.
shout to why cause im bored.
That coffee ad is hilarious.
Tell you what, first person to get Johnny O & Cynthia / Dream Boy, Dream Girl wins
must've gotten away from the deli
will you be the 200th person to follow me?
i just want wings like a bird
If they play BOOTY SHAWTS from in my class today...I'm going to drop
Get it Bridesmaids!
this is Twitter, "Apropos of absolutely nothing" is taken as read
I think about the Clippers like Obama thinks about reforming Wall Street... Only when forced.
When your cousin inbox's you asking you what your doing tonight I know straight away he wants me to baby sit with him
ED is appealing the DC Dist. Ct's July 12 decision which vacated part of the state authorization regulations.
Special Cask Tappings Throughout the Afternoon @ TOTH...Firkins/Pins of Founders, Bell's, D Backbone, Starr Hill, Blue Mtn, Terrapin & More
Still surprised Ke$ha wasn't nominated for any awards. How does talent like that fly under the radar?
I love my Candis too!
You're forgiven RT I sometimes sign my name as Brook-Krol just to pretend what it would be like if my bday wish came true :( FML
Word. RT : Work is either the right creative or the wrong creative. It is never “too creative.”
I want her to be mine
you picking up the new Beach House record? Just bought it & giving it a first listen.
Pretty soon you will be able to rate everything: please rate this idea (* to ***** stars) and then we will need metadata for metadata...
Follow for Howard information
Man, people that own boats are so lucky. Not having to develop a personality take loads of stress off a person.
HAPPY BELATED!!
We're always happy to convert a non-tea drinker!
A teacher walked today...poor classroom mgmt..no one surprised. I was. It's a lose-lose situation. Feel bad for both sides.
3 areas of special interest for R&D: digital preservation, a/v preservation, preventive conservation. Can request add'l $50k
Private pilates classes: $45 single class or $400 for a 10 sessions pack! No contract. Certified instructors! 620 Eighth Ave. 92101
Can't complain! What did I miss? “: I'm doing ok, yourself? #motorama”
My prediction: Pkmn Black/White 2 would be like G/S: new region, but you get to go to the old one, too. Looks like I was right.
End of the first overtime period. 0-0 Come on Bulls!
Ha ha! There's no way we'll miss it. No. Way.
That was great, thanks for sharing. Oscar Wao is a top ten book for me.
You, too! And, welcome to the neighborhood. Will get you on the yahtzee list as soon as you're moved in.
*sweet damn cell phones picking words for me
If your dad was a pussy, that would be grounds for a lawsuit.
is that your way of asking me out? : )
That would be great. He can even take his coffee with him. We got other good ones in town.
"But I think it's more about what you are thinking in your own mind that is the most powerful aspect of controlling your own life."
#ff for discussion of #chemistry & #biology, #AI & #computer #science, #astrophysics & #astronomy;
Making love faces.
same here. /:
Wow I'm Tweet Watching
2night!! 2night!! I-Poe Live!! !!! Mpiya's Very Own!!! Prepare 4 the Ultimate High!!!! <MightyMpiya>
I am sad and disturbed to see equal rights flushed down the toilet by voters. Sick!
Come'on Man! Dolphins lose to Browns twice in a row, difference of 4 points & in the last minute of both losses
I'd hope they would look better than that if we did
Other things you hear at a museum convention: "We make giant bugs for display."
i'm not changing..i'm being me..hope u are too! :)
lol, what happened to our okay date!
You never know the future of some people. It might be a future prostitute on my TL right now! Lol
every day is a happy new years to u.
RT When your own Minutes NEVER mention "Atlanta Greek Picnic"..how can I steal what never belonged to u or you never used?!
follow back?(:
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
I just need to move on and don't look back
Woo! We hit 9,000..you all rock
Do you inhale food? Cause I swear you don't chew..
TONIGHT ! Celebrate Late Night: Everything will be 25% off from 9-midnight! +Get a free 8x10 Mario pic w purchase. 837 Mass!
RT : To free yourself, forgive others. To free others, forgive yourself.
Then we're perfect for each other -- I'm John Bates. (Can't believe September is so far away...)
It's a beautiful Toledo day! Maybe we should have dinner outside...
Thank u giants for shutting up rizz for a day. He prob won't start till tomorrow tho!
This time he tweeted calumnious suspicions cantankerous
Not sure how I feel about this but rumor out of CinemaCon is Spielberg & Abrams r doing a project titled "Close Encounters : Homecoming"
Ready to mail my taxes! Thankful to have taxes to pay this year :)
Yeah, starting to more seriously consider looking for jobs here. But now I've put all this effort towards Syracuse... Blerg!
kyliegh!! <3 I miss you lady!
lol "it's not juices in berries"....another line from that movie lol
Watching A Taste of History now. Thanks for the reminder, !
Such a god.
We're taking an educational approach to inform our fans today!
3 hour lay-over in Atlanta and then back to LA. Great vacation! :)
I feel like I'm watching the Soccer of Football games.
with FB - yes congrats on your condo deal
Lying's played out. Honesty is in.
do u want some help getting some followers?? :D
hey amanda
#Seattle, our SLU location has four tickets and a parking pass for tomorrow nights game at Key Arena. Tweet at us to get 'em!
me too and thanks... But I doubt it<U+E403>.... How u been?
the advengers and at 10:15 I think and that's fine ill just pick u up after
Co-signed. (Also, )
thanks! It's an honor to serve an org a community that means so much to me and my work.
I'm doing good! Hbu
No no drama. No no no drama. Lmfao
Part 1 was freaking awesome(: a fantastic thing to read as soon as i got home(:
John Gerzema: "badge of awesomeness" spendshift trend is being nimble, adaptable and thrifty
Good morning everyone :)
Who has the best in #Texasbbq? My favorite #bbq is at City Market in Luling, located in Central Texas...
Things I didn't expect when going 1:1: helping a student learn to screencast via email b/c she had a sub and couldn't leave class.
Yeah, that's what my feed is starting to look like.
Laws or ordinances unobserved, or partially attended to, had better never have been made. GEORGE WASHINGTON
"I know its only rock n' roll..."
miami starters have to giggle a little seeing bibby on the floor.
I am going to stick to my day job. These singers on the Voice rock.
see last tweet. Seems to be on indefinite hiatus.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO proposes austerity in upper level government employees to save funds and direct to education
Thank you for awarding us with your Community Collaboration All-Star Award. We are proud of our Victory Grant Program.
#DASER Borgia "male bowerbirds build bowers to calm females down...they are a calming device for females."
Got a foul ball, joint effort stopped it & I grabbed it ahahahahaaa <U+26BE>
It kind of gets me down when folks seem to treat it as such. There is more to gender justice than is dreamt of in your philosophy.
UNCG offers qual methods courses to its MLIS students.
Finally found a book nook in Florence to inspire some travel writing. No matter how far away I am, a bookstore always feels like home.
it's my pleasure thx fam I'll inbox u now!!!!
#aln2010 No major policy changes predicted due to federal elections. State level policy, however, is a whole different thing.
#IHaveAlotOfRespectFor <U+E052>Anyone who can successfully put a collar on a dog
Only god and Larry read old tweets.
Maybe Hummer's theme song should be, "I'm burnin', I'm burnin', I'm burnin' fuh-yool."
Hm. Quality is more important than super cheap, to me.
nothing to do in ferris but drink.
Your a talentless hack
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week to all the school-based #SLPeeps and #specialed teachers! Thank you for all you do!!
I miss Gage M. But I also miss my hubby!! Oh oh oh, life is great!!
Seems to me the answer to that question is - the corporate community needs a strategy to invest in education
Happy birthday
TREND IT FOR AUSTIN <3PLZZZZ DO THIS I LOVE HIM HES MY INSPIRATION AND HE SAVED MY LIFEE PLZ TREND #GETAUSTINTOPHILLY ILYY<3
Ugh! Hope things will speed up for you!
PickUpLine: Do you have a map? I just keep on getting lost in your eyes.
Same old shit, each and every day,
La Vie en Rose.
#SchoolMemories taking pictures of Ashley.!
haha sorry, I don't think I can ever live outside of California now after having these! The fries are a game changer!
ah, what do you do with them Gaylord's when you are done? Because I ant to turn them into money for you.
Third week in a row! Front Squat PR! 225!!! Woop Woop!
Okay since #oomf want to go about this the childish way lets go
you will forever be one of the greatest AI contestants. I can't wait to see what is in store for your future in country music.
What the piss!!
I'm doing the unconference, so I can't do lunch...def mention it!
read this a couple weeks ago… so fantastic, i want to read more.
If you will be @ our party, follow us, tweet w hashtag #godofblades, and youll be in our party drawing tonight!
What does pink mean to you?
happy anniversary!!
Like I said its complicated
am I the only person who is really bothered by those new disaronno on the rocks commercials? the dude pronounces disaronno 4 different ways
but it ain't about how hard u hit,its about how hard you can #get hit and keep moving forward.thats how winning is done!
#BathroomMakeover begins today. Step one remove all existing walls, floor and vanity.
but listen anyway! Comes out in June. Best, JP
The Shadow Rising: Robert Jordan
DISH Network's SiriusXM Channel 70's at 7 plays Casey Kasem's 1970s Countdown every Sunday at 7AM. It's satellite music worth waking up for!
Still mixing..
You don't know this.but for 3 years you were my only friend and you taught me a lot.thank you for everything you've did for me
As JRE used to say: "That's not my America!"
is there any way i can cheat in words with friends? has beat me 5 times in a row. i must redeem myself.
i get a lot out of your conversations here there and everywhere. and i'm leaning toward uxflashmob vs. scheduled chat.
"While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart." -Francis of Assisi
How is everyone?
Mike Wallace is dead dam the steelers are in trouble
wacth My friend T-pains dad on vh-1 now. The at 10 watch mary mary on WETV
Bedtime with peanut and kiwi <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Byebye L.A. D;
um ok....and its what i will be doing ten years from now
We all make mistakes and fall but it's all about how we get back up.
True : somewhat depends what the line of service is, enjoy using for #custserv at my local govt! App FTW
Good morning winter sun.
T-2 days until MAMMOTH
wen I saw #Geraldo live on the street I knew that if the gods hadnt whisked him off to Oz in a cyclone the rest of NYC was safe.
bro thats nasty
they have an amazing brunch!! Let's go!!
im down with the tuna yo - u just crack me up with your #IneedToKnow. Lol
“Hope is what makes us strong. It is why we are here. It is what we fight with when all else is lost.”—Pandora (God of War I)
haha oh that's fun haha.
“: just gave it to in 2k”gott lucky dude what time r u going to be at our practice.
Rest of my teachers who were great Ms. Brady, Mrs. Benson, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Harris, Ms. Cruett and Mrs. Stone.
For locally led teacher crrclm and assessment that meet peer review. Portfolio. Project.
that's awesome!
Albuquerque police haven't shot anyone in 3 months!!! They were shooting a person every month for last 20 months.
#happybirthdaydebby that all your dreams come true
I don't think Dan Brown has been properly educated on the function of ellipses. They are not like commas, good sir.
One way to keep higher ed costs down? Take on the blood-thirsty world of academic publishing.
what do you like / what are you using it for?
RT: Thanks to for being the best EA on the planet! If you need a great exec. assistant then hit at MAG. Quality company
SECCA is hosting a volunteer meeting on Thurs, Feb. 16 @ 4:30 pm. Come by if you'd like to be a part of the contemp art scene in W-S.
*Cough* Cough* BULLSHIT
RT : Tweet if you were bored by Louisville & Florida.[what's boring is NBA play after watching March Madness!]
Thanks for the RT!
potential for vulgar language!!
haha WOAH WOAH WOAH. so i cant follow any more of my friends but i can follow ellen? really ? realllyyy?????????
"Exciting is not it? Break the rules!" "Who are you and what he did with Hermione Granger?"
www.youtube.coiiuuim
is considering the concept of "excerpting" and copyright infringement.
has a FLIP phone!!!
and in the same City this is gonna be Epic!!
Where is George doing this?
Pam Soltis looking for volunteers to be involved with #iDigBio research coordination and scientific community outreach
RT This is a great article for people who are trying to transition into a lifestyle rather than a 'fad'
next friday, but we haven't pinned down a time. ... but you have to be a member to attend. we both are. are you?
my throat doesn't hurt anymore! now I just have this cough & an achy body! :(
Thanks for your contributions yesterday. Really appreciated the links to good games too
Sorry! I decided to create a separate one just for food. But you can continue to follow for personal tweets
don't make fun of me lmao!
absolutely not. And I wasn't impressed with the who at all....
yeah I remember those days, you told me " KEEP YA PIMP HAND STRONG YOUNGBLOOD"
Support Ohead Musik Justice for Slain Father "N.Brown ft. O-Head .. See Dem.wmv" on YouTube...
UP WAY TOO EARLY ON A SUNDAY! BOO HOO!
Ikr.! Mm how do i inbox this ish.! Lmao. Havent been on this in a while . WTF.?!? So much to tell you P.!
hi mark I have been a fan for a long time. I have a hat that ur father sent me. I work for a trucking company in Missouri
standard thought is north of hartford is sox country south yankees with metro split.Reductive but in my experience its pretty even
Is it sad that I didn't even have to get off my couch to get my credit card for payment? I already had it memorized.
Malawi's president has died & scary stuff is happening to (from NatGeo), who was there on a trip.
So monday is finally here! Yall ready??Lol
awesome pic as usual!!!!!
Silver lining: The food court at Cross Roads is a delightful sampling of ethnic cuisine!
It doesn't say much for the way my brother's hair looked when I arrived that my efforts with his kitchen clippers made a huge improvement...
calvin lol. should be a mop up win. ;)
Career and Technology Center: not just “Vo-Tech” anymore | The ...
"Where does he get all of those wonderful toys?" Jack Nicholson as Joker in 'Batman'.
expectations as a fan? Theyre not a BCS team right now but they're my fave team. Wheres the harm?
oh yeah i got the packers covered like charles woodson
:O omg soo magical!! What kind??
Can you do that with a filter?
Just been chillin' and what not! homework! I finally got meet MT :)
well he is kinda homo old man
great! sunny and perfect.
Is anyone watching the celebrity all-star game tonight? Any celeb in particular?
Oh you model? What's your agency... Facebook? Instagram?
PickUpLine: What would you like for breakfast? Why? Well I just wanted know what to make for you in the morning!
The horrible thing is, I can't remember the last time I made someone angry.
Auction in a full swing It's for a great cause!
listening to music watching wii <3 fun times :D
gettin ready for a end of school party:D what about you
What did sally just see?
Follow back please? BIG FAN of your son, and everything he does for his #mahomies <33
I told you that already. Why did you think I told you that you needed to go to Natalie school? For nights like this :-)
says place more bets to get breakthroughs! Failure rate of energy innovation is over 90%. We need to get 1000s of ideas $$
Working on some music today :)
U.S. Treasury plans to sell $5 billion worth of AIG shares
Ensenada is indeed beautiful, the Festival takes great care of us- very nice, we have great time.
Love yourself. That way up can decide who you are going to love instead of finding out who's the next person to hurt you
weea im from bulgaria end im your big fan
Liar liar. c:
True RT : some girls fuck their pretty skin/body up w/ tatts .. it's not that serious .
Off to brunch at Brennan's.
Lebron is doing anything he can to rebuild his image.
NO DRIVIN NO SLEEPIN LIVE IT UP LIKE ITS THE WEEKEND ROLL UP YA HERB AND FILL UP YA CUPS ITS GOIN DOWN TONIGHT
*clearing throat* I'm going to send a pack of angry squirrels after for letting me struggle to find arm good circuits!
Sorry Kanye, Eminem does intense far better than u, as well as many other things. Except leggings..Ur in a league of ur own with those
the good news is, I have a feeling Houston will give Drake a better "show"... smh
How the heck do they pass the e-check? (WI has that, too, right?)
Thank u all for the follow! Appreciate it! :-)
- haha! I love the word "assholery" =)
i think your dice are hacked madam.
Hey , say something funny.
make me ese(:
#Baylor continues its grand sports year. Baseball rallies from 4 down, beats Missouri 12-7, and is 12-0 in #Big12 14-game win streak
Then come and be a difference maker.
our lunch table is always so calm, and quiet, and boring, and calm -__- lol we want some FUN
hasn't been in Sprint Cup racing since 2006 yet they r able to make an appearance tonight to clean up the track!
what it do;-) I'm still watching hbo! Hahaha
IM LOOKING FOR SECURITY (BOUNCERS) , IF YOUR INTERESTED OR KNOW SOMEONE TEXT ME 210.789.9079
It's the day after the Oscars and I'm STILL laughing about the Angelina Jolie leg-bombing. It's so rare to see her make an, erm, misstep.
try catnip, makes a great bug repellent :)
Any time im doing or thinking something dirty i make 's derp face haha :)
PLZ RT I am throwing a benefit party for my sister on Wednesday, May 23rd and need a ROCKIN band to headline. Msg me for info!
why can't I follow you?? fix that asap!
Are those Baroque clarinets? They are beauties.
Someone text me im bored!
": Superman ain't saving shit." Girl you can jump on shady's dick.
First Day of My Life-Bright Eyes, The Luckiest-Ben Folds. Different than some of the ones you've gotten? Yes. Still make me smile!
IM BACK...
pretty awesome
hey! big boy
follow back please??
I like when you wear see through shirts babe ;)
I believe it would be more of an annoyance.
k i'm done. omg so many musical songs... I'm such a #theatregeek and I love it.
Haha…What the heck did you ask it?
FNY. Thought about telling you to do the same, but respect your opinion & work too much, & thru your work, like you from afar.
learning about this twitter business
but ily this way! You should of just drank a little bit more milk
the size of his penis made his wife very sad
i'm sure she is only interested in seeing your face :)
Thanks for the follow !
I WATCHED THE INTERVIEW WHERE THEY REPLIED TO YOUR QUESTION adjkdkfdfgyhdskgvhfdsgkjbv <3
shake that thang back ma way hoee
Sure wasn't Breaking Bad filming?
Before I got married I had 6 theories about bringing up children; now I have 6 children&no theories. John Wilmot (Courtesy of )
please follow she deserves it so much! :) <3
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!!!
Thank you! That's very nice..
Omg I just saw a spider!!
Prince's "Purple Rain," and "When Doves Cry." My favorite album and song from the 80's. But there were other close calls...
How Chick-fil-A is closed on Sundays <<<<<<<
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE! BE SAFE! :)
in England people who say racist thing in twitter get arrested all the time and shames publicly
I dont think they did...they're being mean now :( I've like messaged them 300 time :P
Still battling this #summercold, but think Zicam is helping! Excited for softball tonight w/
is working with client on large state-based grant proposal.
What do I want to eat?
Well today just turned into a great big pile of suck! Comp team game just got cancelled. They really needed this game after yesterday!
IMM GREAT :D how are you?!?!
Thanks for the follow! :)))
I want some!!
you got it, I'm trading you 4 Tim Tebow
The latest issue of Origin Magazine. Franti's on one side, and Yoko Ono is on the flip cover. it's pretty rad.
Why do you "scale it so the maximum matches up with whatever maximum we find for a text" instead of just normalizing the histogram?
If you want to build something good, pair it back, and focus on making it simple and executed well. Don't over engineer!
Tazewell County Health Department receives funding to continue education program: “The program teaches that puberty is a normal, natu...
sometime. I told her I will talk to her soon. But it wasnt a kind of joke for me.. u know. Well Im sry dinner is ready..
I know. iCals can be shared now, and contacts...dont get me started with how excited I am about cloud syncing for contacts.
Follow Me (:
Mine's working again.
Google+ desperately needs to allow users to make RSS feeds from their public posts!
Nick's voice. Oh my gosh, speechless!(:
we would love for you ladies to talk about design, starting zines, playing bass :) summer '10 it's on
Supposed to be every Monday this month.
Niggas and hoes popular for the wrong reasons
“: love it!!!” // colormunki is pretty sweet.
My rotary cutters! Both the big one for slicing fabric and the little one for tracing around patterns.
I don't think she care
Sleep? What's that?
love my new green lanturn pez
Steady rain shifting north....now just a few hit-n-miss showers for the day...mainly north/west of Boston. Breezy & mild. 55-60.
well I'd near kill myself to be on the show. Amazing opportunity.
RT StoneLove_Bitch My next stack of money is deff goin to a fireman massage therapist. My back hurts
#nisoEbook LaRue Greatest explosion of publishing since Gutenberg; print drove cataclysmic change; then broadsides prefacing Am revolution
Dear , your refund policy sucks. No refunds, even if the opening act hasn't even started am hour and a half after the show time.
When I have my kids we are going to have a word of the week... And at the end of the month if they can spell it & use in a sentence all 4
why are u sad
With the way talks about women, and surprised he ever gets laid.
i need some music its all lonely up in this bitch! :o
Pirates: Band of Misfits was surprising fun, altho history was way off for Queen Victoria/Charles Darwin. Another great review !
rock on ! excited to get back to colorado fri and cheer for the boys. congrats to too. london (2012) calling.
Thanks for the suggestions!
Please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com for great music, videos, photos, and much more. Enjoy!!!
Mother's Day is right around the corner! Have you made your plans yet?
Great day of training Always great to work with retailers like that want the best fitting solutions
IF MLB.TV WAS WORKING I COULD HAVE SEEN THIS BAD PLAY! So steamed, you guys.
The Excellence Playa Mujeres. I believe would second that.
I'm getting old lol
yes please
awesome!! I wish u the best with it. If u need anything with it....let me know.. :)
DM's (: but inns sleep night! <3
Every artist was first an amateur. Ralph Waldo Emerson
": In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected after for good luck" lets do it
when I wake up saturday morning im going to listen to what's up by four non blondes and start my summer off right
Is this the same Henry Rodriguez that used to hit home runs in the nineties?
we are such go getters.
did ya get my freakin emails, joker???
A great turnout at the Greater Albuquerque Association Of Realtors Annual Meeting
love it! Look forward to reading and learning. Congratulations!
Its already 4& im not tired at all .-.
Gosh we just really needed to twirl our hair and put on Chapstick ... And maybe drink water!
Good thing that the EOC isn't 25% of your grade.
The downside of social networking sites: Acquaintances posting creepy and inappropriate comments on innocent pictures in your profile. Eww!
says educate staff about what's ok, make sure you listen & have a response plan for social media flare-ups.
Dear Mr. Please continue to make Ben and Hurley comics FOREVER. Thanks!
Daylight savings is here! Don't forget to turn you clocks forward one hour before you go to bed tonight. Spring ahead!
Waking up from a nap post AP test<<<
If we were to have a mascot, what should it be?
UMKC Libraries' KIC scanners are now available. For Free, scan files & save to your email or flash drive. Be GREEN by reducing printing!
Reading a woman w/ Uranus at the 10th Career/home chaos. But lucky her w/ a Leo Sun @ 10 degrees in 2013 Uranus turns the chaos into gold :)
First thing out of my bf's mouth, "You look dirty. Have you showered?" thus proving today's comic.
Deleting All Your Texts Before Giving Your Phone To Your Parent llS'
I'll sit back and think on this one for a day.
I feel... Ok about my week 1. I think my top 5 are better assuming the bills don't let charles take a few to the house
I'm excited for this! RT : Closed today from 3-5pm all NEW spring menus start TODAY !!
You light up my day. All together now "aw"
Maybe its because you have a good smile haha.I mean on your default is pretty nice.
nothing quite like it
#ChildSexualAbuse takes center stage in the short film LIFE OF RILEY, about a male victim's life spiraling out of control.
what u do today can improve all your tomorrows
my belly hurts.
no its not the point youre just a typical white girl from long island smh
wake up and tell her to call me hehe
Just filled out 3 brackets
The basis of optimism is sheer terror. - Oscar Wilde
Arum should have been banned from boxing after admitting he paid bribes to IBF. What other sport would allow that? OK, maybe MMA.
I love a good workout!
11/26 is #Small Business Saturday! Don't forget to support favorite local spots like us-:)
please u can't go wrong with our boy . He is one of the best around.
We're getting closer to summer! Getting excited for Rawhide yet?
do you?
#imagine you're at the movies with Zayn. The actors have a sweet kiss, & Zayn leans over to your ear, and whispers "I wish that was us."
25% off ANY iced or blended drink until close tonight!! mention twitter or facebook!
Head pounds and cat hides as Blue Angels fly over.
If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
Redskins alternates look very mehhhhhhh
grew up watching them in the DC area, when I first started following hockey
welcome to Twitter.
yup :) what's your username?
That test was so easy...
RT : but idk how legit it is... It was a whole setup with stock certificates and everything <--That Sounds Legit
RUDE. My latest one is awesome, btw!
That Giants game was Crazy Bananas which is an official term as it was used by one of the ESPN announcers! So happy... and now I must relax
Hey, today was the first day of SATS ! Wow hard or what ! Tomorrow is another day with mental and paper A ! Wish me luck ! xx
I have a weird pain in my right inner thigh area...
I hate the color Yellow
WHAT HAPPENED?
So, my dogs took an entire cooked chicken from whole foods off the counter and ate it bones & all. Not a trace of it left....
Forest king died last week.In his memory let us all switch off our mobiles for 2 mins.Plz forward this to all local criminals,s I did.
RT : RT : Witness recounts assault on reporters: A 16 year old says she witnessed the mob attack on two newspaper...
Swing by the booth at the Grand Tasting for amazing mole! /bit.ly/Ia9uA0
You'll notice that a turtle only makes progress when it sticks out its neck...
The #Ravens could take one of maybe 15 players in round one and I would be ok...Peter Konz is not one of them! Hurt to much.
I would have him look into the pricing because he can recieve them for a discount not an extreme large discount but something
so going to England & learning about that way of life (which is in fact horrible & terribly class-based) appealed to me.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. - Bill Cosby
what you doing??
Time to stop being naked.
you mad!!!! RT “: “: Patriots fan, just chill it's still early. #Giants” we were friends up until this post j-lo...”
#sdmayornp at least Dumanis mentioned the phrase Clean Tech. Briefly.
It's cold as a mf n here
lol destroying children's lives?
Just started (impressed!) but having problems uploading from bank. Have sent 2 emails & no response. Can you pls help? Thx!
Going on a run and hitting the gym
your lowlimit/eminen mash up makes people go fucking bonkers. lovin it.
#IAlwaysThink think about u day and night...<3
Alleged is the keyword. In actuality, they are victims of the illness "I-need-fucking-attention-itis". It's fairly common.>>>
Don't go back to what you did, when redoing a scene but do again what caused it (emotion and objective).
Basically I need to find how to edit/remove/add a goal. Can't find the 'Actions" column.
Starting the journey to Austin today with a stop in Dallas. Mom says I need a good home-cooked meal.
I'm drunk AF!!! Goodnight!
Grilli does a great job working out of a runners on the corners, 1 out jam. Can't say enough about the quality of Grilli's late inning work
Excited to attend Franchise Partner Conf in Denver next week and learning about Pathways to Memory care for Alzheimers & Dementia clients!!
Gn im not feeling well.
kausing kaos will be on very soon be on the look out
I've always been a cartoon character,I'm afraid.(That's an image I created on a SimpsonizeMe! website a few yrs ago.)
At Incheon Airport beginning my way home after a long series of conferences and meetings
You're welcome! Thx for choosing RT : Thx to and for working out a deal!!! Can't wait!
Bad traffic = Cold dinner = :o( and cranky girl. Did Denverites forget how to drive in weather?
You like that trade up for Hill at #43?
RT : RT We're excited to announce that has taken over as our new title sponsor for the half marathon...
Ah ha! TY! RT Headline translation: "Out of 274 Turkish wines 24 surpassed 90 points"
I apologize..shouldn't mix sarcasm with serious. That is a kick-ass design though.
John Cena bout to get in that ass
watching evrything on nick until onedirection comes up ;P
TONIGHT kick off event: DREAM Act Town Hall @ 6PM in MSSC 104! Joining us will be Laura Vazquez Immigration Legislative Analyst for NCLR.
' Aw it's okay lol.
you can always eat popcorn by putting your head in the bowl. Hope your neck is not sore.
what is a hot and sour soup doesn't sound good : )
Waking up to a strained groin muscle...no bueno :/
Just finished 4 marathon days tracking Island/Def artist Adrienne Bailon and Rock City...... bleary eyed but feelin' good.
hey girl
I'm really missing those days of snuggled-up toddlers reading Jiggle Joggle Jee! and We're Going On a Bear Hunt with me.
I'm no fan of Palin, but man, I find it painful to watch her depiction in "game change."
if you ever come to a damn show I will hahaha
FRIDAY NIGHT PARTY!
That's incompatible with the notion of sentient animals/computers.
No profit, greed, or gods. Take a moment this May Day to recognize workers, and celebrate the formidable power of the people.
baby steps is right.
I have Weezer's "Perfect Situation" stuck in my head.
Wish me Luck!=]
"oh your the girl that came in late with the fishtail braid and smelled like weed right?" uh yeah that was me. first impressions ahaha
I propose a #Leslie tribute special drink this week. RIP Leslie Cochran
Wait. What are you saying? GOODNIGHT MOON? That PB terrifies me. Have you not see LIFE AS WE KNEW IT? (wink).
LOL! "Anchor babies"! They're coming I steal your whiteness, got it. Thanks, Michelle Bachman.
Sarah whats up?! Hei just one random question have you heard of local band Terror Eyes?!
"The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him." - Pascal
I'm not gonna be the downer on the TL today lol
you're reading my tweets thinking wow I was just thinking that ..yeah I know
THE PEACE OF GOD EMPOWERS YOU TO SEE CLEARLY THROUGH EVERY CHALLENGE every moment is a gift love & loyalty always DNICOLE
“: goals? dm me” if u follow blk I can tell u..
sitting here with my wack ass boyfriend
I can't believe this.yesterday. So perf<3:)
Indiana Wheat Acres Are Down, But Right On Schedule.
#McDonald's . . Just sickening . . Fat ..Obese .. America . . They all need
Dear ESPN, take your time on the Junior Seau story.
Bahaha so me
Its such a beautiful night.
I'm gonna check you out...keep push'n...
EVERYONE!!!!!! PLEASE REFOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
How much is it to get in the empire tonight
Standing up in the back on the left. With and
he was a ball dominate guard his entire career until Hollins came in lol. All of a sudden, his handles just went dead
nah, I'm lost now G for real lol about the ass eating or light skin 8o
is running on budget schedule with only $1.8 million yet to shave off. Where is the funding coming from for Phase II?
leave my laugh alone!!!
Asdfhlakfghkdkdkaj GRAD BASH.
Those #Braves fans are awesome... Either booing Braun or their own pitcher. They just can't decide!
Congratulations to 's Keith Tozer, named MISL Coach of the Year.
I love that he attempted to use the same "font" haha
RT : How to pretend you’re a startup (Hint: call me when you offer stock options) [amen, brother]
Only way to end it is calling cust service--not open on weekends?! Many similar CVS complaints online.
Yay!! Congrats to and for female and male vocalists of the year
Healthy Hair starts with A Healthy Scalp 404.454.1494 for your next appt.
Tonight's crowd was small but mighty. I'd be stoked to play for true music fans like that ANY day! See you in Roma
shocked when I read the fine & nervous about all the great partnerships title co. have here in AZ especially with Chicago ;-)
Sounds like a hell of a plan bro
. might just be one of my favorite email composers … like, ever. Definitely in the top five.
Please don't forget to cherish her
fabulous presentation!! Full of funny and really useful tips!
I'm off tonight and tomorrow night. I really need it. Thank you God.
The playground my son goes to has shredded tire pieces as the ground. It creates a bouncy feeling and it's easy impact on kids.
sounds cool..i will see if i can come to that.
I'm not buying that
I'm confused. Edelman is injured too?
So, who's up for some bowling?
I got a black one
Globalization: u ready for one world government? The dollar is done. What are u going to do now? Put your faith in Christ!
Im live on CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO,,,,INBOX ME ILL SHOUT YOU OUT
Investing in myself
THE SWIRSK!!! RT : NBA writer Steve Aschburner () joins as live streaming pregame coverage continues.
The term "client" is very overused in business. Do drive thru employees refer to people buying chicken mcnuggets as their clients?
Well GA...I'm back!
Follow my girl she follows back;)
Okay, night<3
I like the giants in this one...
I am a photographer and also work at a game store part time. But the newest #tiger is the best lately.
Sometimes guys really scare me..... Obsessive much?
why can't my family be normal and go to church on time??
I was raised to believe that excellence is the best deterrent to racism or sexism. ~Oprah Winfrey
fool u need to fix ur voicemail lmaoo it says "Please leave your message for...(background noise of you talkin)" lmao
I wanted you to stay cause I need to hear you say, I love you I've loved you all along and I forgive you for being away for far too long
yeah Im from Chicago? Are you?
An Like i said da first time -Its not were u 4ROM are were u going its were da fuck U at Real 2 da bone Like BG Said to da meat show nigga
no. u dont deserve one.
Yes, the lack of response from is ridiculous and completely unacceptable.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?<3
pretty much what I was thinking. Bipartisan lounge?
There be the most cutest guys online.
Virgin human hair is not supplied in mass. Companies will tell u they sell 100% virgin human hair -there's not enough donors 2support demand
he said he wish he live in #Bolingbrook -Dead
Clearly I've done something wrong...
Started Run with at 9:27 AM, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
For sure, love your style, focused, simple, powerful. Four steps. That's how we roll
Ok now time to clean my room:)
GOTTA SHOW LOVE TO !!!!!
RT : Q3 if you would meet some1 from twitter right now IRL would u still hear the same voice ?
Playing "On The Radio" on and hoping the Donna Summer reports are wrong.
Sinus go away !!! You make my life miserable !!!!
Quoting Stephenie Meyers as a expert on good books is an oxymoron.
The world would be an emptier place without #tacodog photos
The event at Karl? It's a meet & greet for #CBC12 attendees, hosted by the SD Brewers Guild.
Just had a fun moment explaining what a dance card was to our student workers who found one while processing.
bomb I'm bout to blast that shit allday errday
i dont knw why... Shrty get it together already, i mean dont you have a man
haters!! jealous haters...
you're very welcome. :) you guys should do a show soon.. I havent seen you guys since december. D:
niggas be on her dick, like, bagg up.
Oh... my main projects now have followers on github! And it isn't even yet in production!
If you have a problem with me, write it on a piece of paper, fold it up nicely, and shove it up your ass
What&#39;s illinois winning lottery numbers
Gotta go with the East Coast 30 ROCK feed. Jon Hamm > Brian Williams. Paul McCartney > Kim Kardashian. Also, Hamm's "BANJO!" was funnier.
RT best show ever!!
RT : Bucks now play only 3 in a row and will play 5 gms in 6 days. Tough stretch but team is deep. Bucks-Celtics Thur nite at BC. 7pm
"how did she even get popular she is so weird looking" Gotta love my mom! With
You were ROBBED dude. Robbed.
Luck wants interactive communities
I gotta pack pack pack. we go to the cabin tomorrow. woot. I can't wait. :)
check your messages
2nd Dumbest play I've seen by Miami this year smh
#ImThatPersonWho is dying without their camera
Thank you for the post!
Nah. Life's too short to look down on others just because their tastes are different. To each their own.
Beer Fact: Drinking beer is not the sole cause of a beer belly. Being a lazy loser and doing nothing all day are causes of a beer belly.
Kentucky is just too talented for anyone haha goodness
So beautiful out, office hours are almost over then gonna blow some bubbles outside X)
okay, yeah?
Watching law & order :)
did you have to pay for the shirt? that would suck.
Heading down to the Rocky Mountain Dental Convention to check out the latest dental products...
This week has not been good.
Have a new found fondness for lol
that was actually part of the marketing plan
goodnight Justin sweet dreams I love you!!!
Can't wait for the show!
Ahh Gotta Get Out Of Twitter D; NO gonna go to Math Now >:(
remember when we almost started crying Because Hitler was on TV?
Would love to take you out to lunch!
Re: last RT, amazing to see Mirebalais hospital up. Last Feb. it was still a construction site and dream. We'll see what it becomes.
Condo resale value just plummeted?
It has Begun!
If Justin bieber came to my door telling me he brought me Proactive I'd probably punch him in the face.
lol seriously? What kind of blood type do u have?
Twitter Culture...up next! #TwSIG w/ and
My gramma just saved my life from a flying cockroach. Haha thank's gramma.
... and they're both winning.
#itshardwhen you like it rough. tmi?
Same here :)
Get some grown man insurance! hahah love commercials
Glens falls for the weekend!
I'm walking round thinking I'm cute wit bleach stains all on my damn shirt..wth happened??
is the best :)
the NL east might actually be the best division. besides the AL east
RT : My Representative is so fantastic. Great speech at DNC Headquarters for
Garrison Keillor is one of my faves.
I admire you love you so much :) I hope the twitcam let us know looooooveeeee you
I'm confused what arguing stats and then level of competition has to do with MVP awards.
hope you brought a coozy.
This mortal body grows weak. I need sustenance! Stupid movie. Amazing quote.
mine opened with little effort.
Awesome. Patrick does such great work RT : This is a good day for to have announcement coming from the POTUS
did this the other day. not even lying, i look about 5. chances of me getting served are now minimal
love u lots! kisses =)
Is there a more athletic team than the ?
Anyone kno where the drink specials at
People have taken advantage of me most of my life.i used to be so hard on myself but everybody is not honest n kind
Never did like those big letters. ": just traded a big letter Bach mouthpiece for a small letter one #trumpetgeekwin"
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
Ah I miss you two so much!!
Some milestones are harder than others......
yeah for sure. Like most comic books :)
i've been inside this house all day. i'm so pissed.
Go for it!! Rex would say yes too!!
The shutter on my old cam just died. Thankfully after shoots were wrapped. Now would be a great time to send the d800
RT : Jacoby Jones visiting Panthers today
it's sweet to see so much support for the pittsburgh libraries here on election day!
lmao ! i'm serious too, i can't enough of those white boys !
Don't think it matters.
Hi GCK All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
You think that's it? They're all borderline in my opinion. Axford has the saves and didnt get in last year, but is inconsistent.
I set no alarms last night and I just woke up. It's noon.
Listening to music in gym right now
#Nw my strange addiction
it doesn't seem like it, you just leave them high and dry and possibly suing you.
yea yea I hear ya bruh
It's great when world-class product and usability experts become your customers...getting great feedback!
Two office jobs fell through today. Sigh. At least I got extra hours from my PT job as a surprise.
Just had a great training and overview of the Panasonic Living in HD program with It opened my mind up--very cool
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for your chance to win a #FREEPIZZA weekly! Normal msg rates apply.
Have a Great New Year Hun
yes, its annoying, but I'm handling it..
I really like this show but I wonder what the impact on the environment is.....
Save me, bring back my joy, support me, strengthen my will.
Yep! That's me! RT : As a #Sagittarius people know that they can count on your honesty and that you stick to your promises.
All these songs that are so relatable to the type of love you WISH you had
Looked at your images. We have Goldens & I have that earth shot on my images. What else?
Maybe to get the timeline indicator I have to open the Random Number site not through Twitter. All I got was a GO arrow.
Have you heard 's new single "Sugar Rush" yet? If not you should go check it out! www.Facebook.com/goodluckjane
I have 1 more copy of EA's Tetris to give away for the iPhone. Tomorrow I'll have a few other codes, so stay tuned! 1st to want it gets it.
Coachella I love you but you kicked my ass this year.. This yearly tradition will no longer involve camping
"woo woo woo, you know it" - exclaimed Noah when asked how he felt about being drafted
good stuff, thanks for sharing!
Just saw and his wife at . Classy, classy guy.
The voters of WV showed thier discontent with our president yesterday by purposely giving 41% of the Dem. votes to a inmate on TX lol wow.
To all my new followers thanks for joining #GimmeYours Nation!! We takin EVERYTHANG THIS YEAR!!
. my definitions of hacking vs scripting draw how Santo and Mullenweg are using the words. scripting in WP is often creation
lol noone knows me i dont even know why i have a twitter hahaha
March. And the madness begins.
Broke the VEVO record for more then 5 million views in 24hrs. Boyfriend Video Is Slaying
Too bad for them. Next time...
Confession13: i dont like girls that pile their face with makeup you dont need makeup to make yourself beautiful you beautiful the way u are
Those wings made my stomach hurt.
He who lives as my king, once died to be my savior.
hot day in the city...stayin' cool.
RT : Despite using a first-round pick on Brandon Weeden, the Browns do not expect to trade quarterback Colt McCoy.
from a Clipper fan. You played good when you where on the floor, keep it up! It was a great series. you made a fan out of me
Bad cough?
...stylin yes, the cat's pajamas even!
Who do you think is under more pressure now from the Lakers standpoint. Bynum, Gasol, or Brown?
karen carpenter bees
for you I'd bleed myself dry <3
nice! I'd love to see more
Why is, pee yellow ? :o
seasons and regions blows
this dang sunspot keeps moving. forcing scraps 2 move & stuff.
so many times
Where will you be watching the UT v OU game tomorrow?
Will remember not too push ourselves TOO hard :-)
NO only a HEAT jersey. the hell are you thinkin..
Only two more weeks left to call and book your appointment for our Organic Custom Facial for $95!
Good to see you back:)
Shout out to "I am going into the Air Force and can't wait to start serving my country." Right attitude; welcome a gr8 American
i heard it months ago ... it still won't stop.
": Fuck what people think."
My pleasure to help!!!!! Pumped to write it.
Trying to be w good student, however falling asleep while reading ...
Apologies to any and all who received the phishing email from my account. Evil people with nothing better to do.Problem should be resolved.
": #WhatHurtsTheMost is looking through our old messages, and remembering how things used to be."
I sprayed mosquito repellent on a mosquito. Now he’ll never have any
A cow 'eats green grass and produce White milk.
Like I'm about to delete his number and just be done always bullshittin smh
Thanks for the thanks. I didn't like reading it either, but felt even worse leaving it unaddressed.
Nothing good will ever come from any actions taken in anger.
So used to being busy after school, now I'm so so so bored
Go see Enabler at Cactus tonight! If you're in/near Milwaukee, that is.
Hmm. Good point. I now have a new goal for this week. Thank you!
Know of any good literary agents?
oh man it's been MUCH too long since I've eaten spaghetti in class!
Yeahh #whodey “: Starting to realize jus how popular the Cincinnati Reds are out here...think I might have to become a fan”
hahaha oh yea duh ;) lsn't it making you soo happy?! I feel like i'm on top of the world and everything's falling into place!
love you too! <U+E418>
Went through all the mourning steps - denial to acceptance. Just saying it out loud was hard early on
wanna swap? Haha:')
Why did I wake up way too late for McDonalds breakfast -___-
Orgs where senior leaders coach very frequently boast 21% higher business results. (Bersin report)
Gingrich may have won across gender, but lead over Romney +16 with men, +9 with women.
Can't believe I actually got up and did my make up. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
in the ballroom!
President Obama has arrived at the Afghan Presidential Palace in Kabul
so, what's the next song you're going to make memorable?
Awesome to have you here Jacob! There is no fans love like a #SportingKC fans love!
Twisting today for the Olivia winter time cheer Movie! At 11 am in the Lobby of The Showcase Cinemas Woburn, Ma. Making Olivia Balloon Hats!
Watching tv while someone is vacuuming <<<
Well looks like my #UNCTarheels will be without star PG Marshall from here on out, which means they'll be knocked out next round.
WNST1570: "What Had Happened Was?!" Every Monday...How was ur wknd? What did u watch? Where did u go? Tell us! 10-Noon. 410-481-1570
": Anyone watching ?" Being a truck driver I have to DVR it. Rooting for &
Somehow completely missed the fact that there's a new Shakira record out. Slightly pissed
I want some Gattiland pizza...
Hi Bubbles! Are you available to help judge SC auditions Friday 3:30-5:30ish? Food afterward is offered as a bribe to judges..
and I just went there the other day, he gets a sundae and I get a milkshake..pretty delicious!
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
would have been much interesting team had those four lefty didn't go down injured
i'm waiting... until you love me.
How does a girl vampire flirt? She bats her eyes.
BELIEVE is coming so excited follow please?
#ThatAwkMoment when I had to tell my French teacher that I'm taking Spanish next year, and I had to lie & say it was my counselor's idea...
Never shoot up in the air, when you're standing under it. -Woody Allen
I have to say I've never seen pics of beef on twitter. Perhaps it needs its own hash tag?
we'll see how it goes. You going to be there?
I want to purchase a t-shirt because they look so awesome...can you help me out ??? :>)
I need you to teach my how to ride my motorcycle. I'm ready to learn and ride with you. :)
When somebody says 'I can do you this favor but it's a huge inconvenience' it means they can't do you that favor.
Headed into Manhattan to my cousin Kerry's Bachelorette Party !
I am will you be there?
Food Fact of the Day: April 21, 1962 The Top Of The Needle restaurant in the Seattle, Washington Space Needle, was officially opened.
the one with
LOL I CAN'T
you only have like...99days to enjoy meat again
Lol i promise i wont judge u if u get one RT : LMAO IM WORKIN ON THAT CHECK MANE!!!!
how we gone get dur baby
I haven't drooled this much in YEARS. Like, at least 2...
gotchya! You might want to hear the thoughts of and :)
lol. my freind should be men in black right.lol
Good point, but why bring that up now?
You is kind. You is smart. You is important.
Here we go , going in my house to confront another bullshit of my day
Ugh so tired somebody is keeping me up texting.
happy birthday!!!! 4
get well really really soon <3
Jaleel did his thing!
I am a blunt blowin
But I can't tell you what it means to me.
just broke up! :(
Yeah, I know. I'm going to summarize rest of the book. (Just read whole thing last night...) when you read aloud fudging works.
um... did you say KARAOKE?! :) details, please!
Loved your show! :-)
As will I, mayB not as much as others, but I have actually grown to <3 my twitter accnt. Although, need to find a widget that works b ...
#SomeoneIWantToMeet if he were still alive Frank Sinatra<3
classes dont start til Thursday, syllabus is on the registration page,
That's was up! Have fun and be safe Chi City! Hey. How we let a whole year go by and not even hang? Smh
actually that is what they're sending me. Just the back. Which is cool with me! Without that case I would've been screwed!
3 man. You got your ticket.
bro you been hurt since our1st cheetah meet! Get better. N u should run cheetahs again
Latin Gold Thursdays! QBar in Hotel #Albuquerque! Rio Grande & Mountain! Salsa y mas... 9pm-130am
Congratulation I'm 10 weeks today
and I are about to get the fuck out of this place. For the weekend at least.
Show going down the toilet quickly.
Ah, I wanted to see that. Let me know how it is.
Hemp Hemp Hooray
Apparently black bloc co-opting another peaceful protest, this time Seattle. sigh. this is why we can't have nice things. (h/t )
Now offering "name your price" packages. Let me know a price that you think is fair for a week a month we can work something out!
u have too many iPods.
Niggas Shot At Me An Missed.. Whew! You Know The Lord Blessed Em
I was the only one in the front row out of all treadmills at the aquatic center, creepy old guy takes the one right next to me
I made it to 35 months with mine, and it was a mutual decision to wean. Very proud I made it that long.
IS AWESOME. Thank you so much for tweeting about me! Guys, go follow her. :D
i can honestly say i thought was brought on because shes hot. But quickly realized she knew sports. Cant fake that
Walking the fine line between charming and creepy.
"Strength is a matter of a made up mind." John Beecher
When you wanna get it? RT : Damn can ah bitch get her #ForeverFly gear? Damn! Now I want a shirt, & a sweater!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Being a lady is an attitude. ~ Love Connection
thank you for tweeting me back earlier your my all time favorite wrestler since you were in awa
Loved the restaurant week menu at Smith and Wollensky. So full and satisfied!
No problem, I'll get back to you asap!
studio as always
Happy Easter Friends! We hope you enjoy your Sunday with friends and family :)
Only if you guys knew the type of #pain I'm going through right now. It hurts to #eat and #drink. :'(
r u serious? Private message me now!
iknow i hate that
Kick some ass & take some names today!!
lol your mad!
Friday is so far away
watching the guy i love, love someone else</3
FAVORITE SONG right now!!
good to know
Lunch = pho colonial. YUM!!
people who use xD faces
figuring out a way for Austin to follow you.(: hbu?
Chillin this evening and enjoying the house breeders
Stop by the opening reception for Ken Margolius' vintage bicycles at tonight! It's from 5pm til dark w/ craft beers + food.
Good: Chris Davis, Pitcher. Bad: BoSox against Davis the Pitcher. Ugly: Chris Davis, Batter.
Yes we can - Yes weekend ;)
It's been a while, but im back :-)
If Vera sub me one more time sitting next to me!!!!
hey belle/diva! how are you? I sent you an email. HMU! :)
Another Monday
follow back plz :D im fans of u :D Punk'd is Funny :D ahah 5
Its about that time to let the wild animal be free and fall back!
Think I might have too invest in Mass Effect 3.
My cuzins are coming tomorrow!!! I'll try to get pics! :)
Thank you Tori. :)
Hey ! We just followed ! We just started recording new CD - would be SWEET if had us out!!
Perfect day to be !
nice hows the arm feeling today? haha better have went on ur run!
but some of these women r straight trifling
That makes me feel a bit better, Jenna. At least sitar music is somewhat subdued and hypnotic.
A lot of people want me gone... Maybe I will stay to make them all angry.
Merry CHristmas to everyone
Someone needs to kidnap me today--- I'm feeling like the beach, a majito and a coconut oil massage
I can see that. What would be better? More 'stuff' on the shirts?
Haha, I like it. But I understand if you went there for middle school & didn't want to come back. Lol.
being Mexican means cousins in every city gr8ful for the fam happy easter to
And has the added benefit as a nice exercise.
Woo! Congrats! Any pictures? :)
Of course! What are you thinking?
chuck and larry is funny, my mother loves that movie, never seen wizards of wavely haha
Kobe is a ball hog
Poor Tuesday.
I know :( I remember him at Roadhouse! Praying for him and his family..
Would you rather be covered in honey or chocolate? If you're in to that kind of thing. wants to know.
“: We want to wish a very happy 100th birthday!” -- thank you! looking forward to our next 100 years.
Just got to work n it feels like I just left a couple hours ago but here we go
The Life and Volkswagen: 2001 Volkswagen Jetta Parts
So....anyone else mad about the #Greys finale last night?
That is great! Love it!
fuck that i love them but not that much, its all good
Ineffectively having studied for a long time ...
Flo Rida... Every damn song sounds the same.
Can't sleep shunt of took dem dam excedrin
bet I can make you laugh
my bolt account name is the same as my Twitter handle. Thanks!
Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor
I used to despise and now I love them beyond belief. Times sure have changed.
thank u so much hve u ever been on his ustreams before????
you're so quiet
miss you guys a lot
RT : What's the one part of your training you wish you could improve on?
Obama says we need an "all out"---all of the above strategy! Strong words pardner!
At GLAAD awards thanks to the good people at
Best way to describes hashtags is ways to brand conversations or events (or to sum up statements). Keep it simple :)
Apple works(:
Sometimes I can't even put my thoughts into words...
Yeah, maybe I did.
Fuck the world...raw.
Basically, all the flash-sideways were a post-death Limbo kind of thing, where everyone found each other at the end.
i very sad 2 say dat i am going to hav to b a lion for christmas...
Good! How r u?
Local New Orleanians: Anyone know or is a certified BCLS & ACLS trainer? Need to re-certify ASAP! Many thanks. - Christa
only a couple days left of school for me :)
Like magic skin flutes
that's my girl!!!
Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for your chance to win 2 tix to the #NIT !
so you can make something delicious and talk.
I. Hate. You.
Now followin follow back:-)
I'm looking too:/
Anyone going to Memphis in May tomorrow?
How do you mentally prepare for a tournament?
I seriously dnt even wanna go anymore
FYI: The Apple Store won't help you unlock your car or supply the tools when you lock your keys in your car.
Bret Favre wants to play again??? Enough is enough, retire already.
Chooch wasn't gonna let his boy go out like that!
In need of a casual urban hike purse for my walk with , I just don't think my alligator clutch will work
Why does there have to be heartbreakers in this world :(
Donnie Hoyle. how i've missed you. and you STILL suck at Photoshop. xoxo
More like Metta World VIOLENCE...Am I right people?!?! Comedy!! Try the meatloaf.
You want to see me look like a monkey? Watch me use Microsoft Outlook.
That article is still pissing me off. A ranty response is just what is needed.
Getting excited!! Big week here at Amoura Productions!
DC Drinking launch party is in the works for the end of this month!!
": When you look back, I hope you regret treating me that way."
woman in black with otto and josh
Until one is committed, there is hesitancy, the chance to draw back. Show me some commitments.
Rainy day dinner - smoked a chicken & a rack of baby backs, Boursin jalepeno grits and silly good slaw. FU mother nature. W/
wait till she done. she cant stay on the phone forever.
thank you Tiffany :)
RT : Congratulations !!! NPPA 2011 solo journalist of the year and a super nice guy!!! << Go GREG!!!!!
Hey #travel buddies, what time is #tourismchat today?
This traffic is just dumb.... bout out of gas and starving.
I hate teenagers haha
Am not the jelous type :o
Stop tweeting about your break up. Or how good your nights going to be. It's obviously not that great if your tweeting about it...
great for planning out some tweets about events etc . not a replacement for engaging in convo
taylor swift
11 30 08 , I love you so so much. You've always stuck with me. We fight & fight everyday but my heart belongs to you. <3
Yep - seems like a match! Please email me (Sally) through our website via contact us so we can discuss. Thanks
Lmfao.... I thought the same damn thing... Card ace casino is still Kool tho RT Draw something died so quick ha
hey hey. Please follow back
Aren't we together like... almost every weekend?
Okay. IF ANYONE FLIRTS WITH SARUH I'LL SERIOUSLY...do something very bad. So don't do it. OR ELSE.
“: We don't get restored by hiding things from God. Restoration occurs when we take responsibility for our actions.”
you get cheated on once, shame on them you get cheated on twice, shame on you, you get cheated on again... start putting out xoxoxo's
Lovely weather we are having. Blah.
renames its DVD service to Qwikster...but the Twitter handle is already taken. Someone didn't think this through...
2morrow talent show.. im notd going
said If we want empowered, thoughtful students, they must be in the company of teachers who are empowered. Thank you!
que Tim tebow a Dallas!!!
Agreed. We all know that. Too nice a guy.
Omg my mom is on facebook and shes so crayz about it and she has not sed nothing and she wants me to tell her wat to say-LOL:)
Did I miss the Milwaukee Burger Wars air date? Now that I eaten at both and , I have a favorite.
I'm working!
trying to say his last name. Naming your kid after skittles?
I often have that problem too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I really do, love you.
was this episode supposed to air on April Fool's Day?! Seriously?!
True: Dreamt last night I was a journeyman hockey player and scored 11 goals in one game. Crowd was electric. In real life, I can't skate.
Hey Kelli How Are You Monster.???
Compulsive you say? I'm a compulsive fan of my followers and I'm so glad you're part of the gang. Have a wonderful weekend!
I was there too!!! Sad we didn't bump into each other
Ha!! Yes I hope the same for you.
": #AstrologyFacts A #Sagittarius understand the power of quiet persuasion."
I love the Kate Sessions pic
what up?
Go to sleep, my little time bomb.
Happy Monday Twitterland! Hope everyone had a good weekend! Nashville peeps: Thursday RAW art show at Mercy Lounge!!! Be there!
I believe you've won that argument.
Who would you take for the next 10 years? Kyrie Irving or Chris Paul?
I love your love the most.
Champions take responsibility. When the ball comes over the net, you can be sure I want the ball. - Billie Jean King
I love him more than he knows when I'm not with him it's heart breaking yet I still feel whole and when I see his face I feel like I glow(:
O'Reilly didn't just help start the whole Ignite movement, they're sponsoring IgniteATL and sending books for door prizes!
#inmiddleSchool i wore my light up belt to the bridge the 1st weekend i got it #Swagg lol
follow me?(: hope o see you at ICON next month! So excited, love you<3
Best wishes for a successful 2012!
We miss you too, you gotta come over one of these days.
Guess I am going to have start bartering Klout points for work favors!
what's your take on homeschool vs. public school?
Heading into the weekend with great energy, a strong mind, an open heart & an unwavering spirit.
Then I remembered: a space-traveling robotic dog plays drums for pizza eaters. As they said in "Teen Witch," top that, Every Band Ever
(c) our hair this way we'll do it! If we wanna like this band or singer.. Guess what? We're gonna like em! People say to be you (c)
Hope people are chatting tonight during #GenYBookClub. #CMLbookchat has been eerily quiet.
Thanks for the shout out!
i followed :)
Can't wait to hear the new material.
East San Fernando Valley Redistricting Coalition is presenting
RT : "What sets highly successful creative people apart? Grit. The stubborn refusal to quit."
I was just about to tweet about the urge to yell "woo hoo!" in a reading room! (I did let out a whispered "Yes!")
Whoa whoa whoa. Is this true? Bank of America charging 5$ a month to use debit card!?
wednesday is gonna be the day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks for following Simply awesome, awesome awesome awesome!!!!!!! Unique, original, fun
Good Luck today against MSU
#usguys Thx for telling me abt this great community and impact its made in your social media journey. Look fwd to connecting!
Miss you too!!! Are you ever coming back to Austin??
FOLLOW BACK...MUCH SAID WADDUP!
i cannot wait for summer produce.
why did my dad's boss person just call telling us he forgot to pick up something...and my dad isn't answering his phone.
Or the idea that only god (or a particular version) can provide a basis for morality.
SOMEONE IS WRONG ON THE INTERNET
Its sad how much your on my mind...
Thanks Neal! Nice to know there's someone out there rooting for me!
What do you like to drink? Expresso? Cappuccino?
will miss Deadliest Catch, but good on the captain's for showing Discovery exec's just why they are skippers and the real deal.
Acting workshop tomorrow things you have to do to do the thing you love smile
people always got shit to say so explain the role you play in this industry?...
hello world
haha, and THAT is the reason why I miss you so much!! Get back here! Our neighbors need to be taught how to dougie :)
I had to step over two murder victims just to walk from my super fast ride into work. What kind of butthole just leaves em there?
Doing environmental science hw ...
#IHateSchoolBecause teachers get paid while we do all of the work.
Dallas we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Dinner tonight. Amazing flavors, decor and service. Dessert at 112 Eatery not bad either...
haha. I want to! And yeah I am too and I haven't even applied yet!
I'm doing that as well.
We only have two more blogging workshops with our amazing teaching artist, Andrea Hart, at Young Chicago Authors. Come today 5-7PM!
About time beezy! Thanks for the follow finally :D
they make good money. hm ima look into it lol
u go have a great day! U rule!
2 dreams: want to be famouse and to meat but ik meeting mb is never goin to happen everytime they come to LV
What are the odds Newt announces he is suspending his campaign at a zoo.
RT : in Hana - amazing place - gardens immaculate - coastal walk this morning & archery lesson - This is the life!
Aww cant wait either! I'm getting so much twitter lovin this week! RT : Can't wait to see my lady today. she's awesome!
Had a my first good piano practice in a long time an it reminded me how much I love to play. Wish I had more time for it </3
GOOOOAAAAAALLLL Bite me Brazil
der's some grey in der
I love waking my child up in the middle of the night to tell her how much I love her.
Have a beautious Friday people!! Spread love, be happy and live because it's a short life!
She'll be peddling her book and movie rights soon, guaranteed!
Yeah buddy RT : don't worry .. if I make it.. you'll be a guest!!
guess who I just saw walking a dog on AH Sstory?!?!
how do you fell playing Rays
Of course! We are glad to have you guys. How did the planning go?
hey even though im textin u lol
Congratulations to on her appointment to the UW Board of Regents!
same here can't wait until summer though !
Watch the storm through our big windows while you brew your own beer! I can't think of any better place to get snowed in!
Did I elbow drop someone last night? My elbow is unusually tender.
Dam we get an hour less to party tonight lol time goes forward one hour
F***king faggot.
haha his name Is mason (: dm me!
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
Got my #Psych iPhone case in the mail today
Bronson Arroyo is the first starter since Johnny Cueto's Opening Day win.
Honestly so over everything
I just watched Tiny Furniture, too. I found the tone and pace extremely compelling. (Not to mention the acting!)
Dreamed about Elvis.
The 6th stop and one of my personal favorites on this weekends Halloween Pub Crawl is ! www.calpubcrawl.com.
This Wed is booked solid. Special GPG tonight (Tues) for the AFFECTION #photography show! Book your slots online.
It's 50 degrees out but it feels like winter. This may be because my coat won't zip over my belly.
thanks Jess, I definitely celebrated tonight
She's a broke hoe, that's how you know she not with me.
This is your life, dont let other people live it for you!
It really doesn't bother me working on a 70 degree, day. It's just working every single day that becomes a little, just a little annoying.
Just got home from drive thru ordered 2 of your new baked sweet potatoes, one is large & cooked just right the other? BURNT! HELP?
I've been finding it hard to fall asleep lately. I don't know if it's the stress or the hurt.
Appreciate the reetweet:-))
And you. How are things going?
Thank you to everyone who tuned in to the show! The show is doing very well so lets keep it up and stay tuned!
Twitter Calm down my phone is about to cause an EarthQuake
Fun night! :-) RT : I'm with the amazing & at a Grammy party at ! Woop!!
I like my job :)
thanks! I like the ;) in your tweet!
bring it on-when did nirvana first form their band? ;)
what's up Seiko?
Be careful. I'm on the northwest side. A lot of lightning, thunder and rain just hitting us.
i was told that there would be punch and pie...
"Looking forward to meeting my referral partner this evening."
Back home from an inspiring #DiD11, and grateful. Thanks to presenters and esp. those who went the extra mile to give feedback to CLIR.
come back
Alright y'all we got a little more room up in here in our new digs and this sound system ain't no joke
That is an awful reason to root for a team arguably worse than the Yankees.
>>>> Ya'll are all crazy:)! LOL But ya'll are my boys:)!
#HIV study underway in #sandiego to look at prevention - with a pill. Now on
Let us know what you think!
yeah it was me. It was awk tho cause you had no idea
RT goodmorning my tweets >good morning
Okay, I get it. You only live once. Now, shut up
Holy cow im glad to be done
yep! don't get the "small" either, if you can. Get a medium size, they're rated just in case you have a bigger kitty :)
got my ears pierced finally. but now it hurts!!! which i was expecting. but still.... Owww :S
I erred on the side of caution w/ The 3 we'll have in august -- doing social good is their primary function
i think #TurnToYou is gonna be one of those songs that im never gonna get over. its so beautiful.
Feeling inspired after visiting the visionary art museum - I see a throne made of recycled objects in my future. Everyone can be a king!
oh well nope sorry I never recorded a video of you with him
Wish I could attend "Crafting your Elevator Speech" with Jennifer Hahn.
I blame Nolan.
Just walking in to see Sex and the City 2... Let you know how it is soon :)
Wow I feel like crap today I'm starting to get sick this is great <U+E416><U+E40C><U+E421>
What's my girl Sarah Phillips up to now? I miss you boo.
they got a p90 app? :-)
The only thing better than spending 2 weeks in Europe is having Europe come to me! Last day with the Brits before they head back to London.
The dude from the sopranos in those tequila commercials needs to relax he hates everything
Thank you!
The True Blood season 5 trailer looks good...
'I just want to know why we live and die in a world of lies'
Maybe it's time to shoot that txt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#tedxbayarea SlideShare is like YouTube only for Power Points - doesn't sound like the most compelling business idea...
#NATO protests...... keep it movin' chicitymycity
You're the man! Thanks for listening and buying my CD today, bud.
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward reading your tweets for ordinary parents like me.
Video shows fight at Penn Park. Fight involved a basball bat and one gun. Video shows people fleeing as shots ring out
wonder fully perfect day. now sleep.
Never understand how people cannot comprehend one way lanes. It's a freaking arrow sign. Don't care if you don't speak English! It's simple
Congrats , former executive director , as Ohio Society of Association Executives (OSAE) new exec director.
no, I never WANT to hear anything like Drowning Pool again. Huge difference.
I KNOW BUT SADLY FOR ME I WONT BE ABLE TO SEE IT I WILL BE AT MY CABIN THAT WEEK WITH NO TV BOO
He Said I Update My Status Too Much On Facebook. I Said
That is maybe the most jealous I have ever been of anything ever. Ever.
Seems like people are spending more time planning their strategy for #SXSW rather than executing
Time means everything to me
.. #basketballwives might be on "sleepy 'nino' brown" status now.. #yawn #cancelldatbich!
looked AWESOME tonight! You have GREAT style! Pictures "COMING SOON!"
was told today that np research is "just lobbying" & couldn't be trusted. i think not - dont confuse mission-based w/ less rigorous.
Getting ready for the #DUWPC. Media from Lacrosse Media Day have stuck around.
(7:00) Showers and T'storms just west of Columbia county heading east. Counties north of Milwaukee have a chance of t'storms until 10.
can u please send my name to alex and austin and robert please thank you
I grew up weird about cheese because my brother hid a slice of cheese in my pillowcase when we were kids.
right on.
Tazo has an Escalade type of tea and then there's their older brother's 15 year old Honda Civic tea.
Thanks and why not? :o
Human is also a spectacular album.
IM SITTING NEXT TO U :)
Certificate programs increasing in popularity - Boston Globe
The Masters!
smooches Juditka miss u!!
Meal 2 down.
Very true. Good point!
u say fans r not crazy there mindless,I say fans not stalkers there google experts. It's not there fault google knows all<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I want all the jucy details.
Walker promised not to raid segregated State funds, yet $400 mil in segregated fund “transfers” from Gen & Environmental into Transportation
I'm not tweeting in the first person anymore!!
I get that all the time being Rastafarian.
Not a problem. A strong community begins with helping those in need.
Aint Nothing Wrong With Getting A Little Trippy- #Juicy J
lol...she went in on him
Here we are, here we are Away again on your star
im hungry
nice! Well I'm sure ur gonna sleep well then :)
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident East 290 at Springdale
I love that I have what amounts to a team of professors that have more confidence in me than I do in myself.
rooting for CT and diem love them
Let's go wildcats!!
Ive been writting n promoting comedians on here n never gotten a s/o or a rt. Please show em how a real comedian treats her fans.
Saturday, Dec. 31 645am Manchester United vs Blackburn Rovers 900am Arsenal vs Queens Park Rangers 900am Chelsea vs Aston Villa
you and Kati are very similar, Tara. Both of you are over achievers :)
I dislike the following words: moist, artisan, kimchi, baby mama, supple and oh so many others
Live where you want to live not where you are told to. You should not be taxed for freedom of choice.
where is my boy?
Lyrics to live by!
I'm #thankful for the job upheaval of the last year that's made me stronger and brought me to a great job with awesome coworkers
Getting A Stripper Pole As A Birthday Gift!!!
I lovey you Jacqueline. You're a sweetheart and know just what to say:)
Happy Birthday!
Tonight@ hosts NASHVILLE NIGHTS! 7pm local or 7pm Eastern if you're watching online. Don't miss it!!!
Republican controlled legislature in WI passed bill removing all Milwaukee Area Technical College board members & adds 5 business members.
good luck at Eagleman!
Paul Higgins is sex.
what it do
I'm sick of these fuckin ppl
its fishin by takenobu. get the whole album 'introduction' it's fantastic.
Or like holding a baloon underwater. Comes back to surface when you stop suppressing it. Also, sux to be baloon.
I don't tweet much but when I do my tweets are exquisite
oh god. love it. one of my fav all time quotes.
Sarah and the Tall Boys, my favorite part of the American Music Festival at FitzGerald's. She rhymed reckless with breakfast, ok?
Yayayayayaya South Carolina <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BE>
get rid of those tights and armsleeves and start looking like a
Can't Wait To See Him<3
See the Avengers? Thoughts?
C. is buying tickets for the lottery tonight. One for me too. In case I win I will buy an island and adopt 20 dogs, cats and maybe 5-6 kids
ugh somebody get me so pain meds STAT.
“I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.”
We really want to, but we are headed to the beach to tomorrow to test one of our upcoming iPhone apps.
The most serious relationship in my life is with my coffee mug. Stable, stylish and filled with dark brown love.
you could inbox me if you want. Or Facebook
DEMONIC DEMONIC!!! Is Here For The Year Of FEAR!!!
#Ossining parade traffic is the stuff of my nightmares right now. On days like this, I wish I had a SmartCar ... or a bicycle.
Air conditioner unit for the main floor is finally in window.
Also found some great new workout routines and a yummy veggie dish recipe today. I kind of really love cooking now. Good day!
RT : Sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. ~ Winnie the Pooh ·**<U+25E6>.<U+2661>
Happy Birthday Derek Jeter!
I think we called it that too. I remember something back there would get blazing hot in the sun and we'd always burn ourselves.
C'mon Deputy...
Thanks for following back! I'm looking forward to meeting with you next week!
Thanks for retweeting today's sweet offer!
Looks like Tiger is already falling apart at the president's cup.
Follow back me! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!;P
The class of 2012 is the most intelligent and attractive class yet- President Bollinger (emphasis on attractive!!)
“: Happy Mothers Day to the :)” [you rock, thanks my friend. Have a great day yourself]
Then boredom struck.
Hamtramck High Holds All-Girl Prom
Driving my dad to the train station at 4:30am <<<
pretty sure miranda wasn't easy and I dated her for awhile. And hmm she wasnt a hoe?! Wow, you got me.
i might upload some videos of the Rammstein concert tomorrow.
that's 2 for Givers. what song u like?
So proud that we stepped up for the win today!": Chiefs beat Colts 28-24! #chiefs #Gameday"
not a lot. Just enough. :)
thanks sis for sharing and good to meet you Ametria...looking forward to it!
Major fail today. Your survey/poll creation service really let me down. Sent feedback email. Look for it, please.
Will do. I'm glad to find someone attending to this topic and getting some attention for it! Introvert is not a derogatory term!
just looked at the sugar content on my Chobani blueberry. WHOAH. goodbye.
that awkward momnet when you just come out the washroom and your a cute guy is there :\
almost my entire roll of photos on my iPhone are of my dog ;) with a few beers mixed in.
And just call men melena
A girl can kiss a guy, a bird can kiss a butterfly, the rising sun can kiss the grass but One Direction Haters, yes you, you can kiss my ass
I officially know all the lyrics to #SaySomethin (:
Too many interests. Too little time.
#glee - I totally called it. OMG! I cat wait for April 10th.
taking your ball and going home is the childish way, not the Penn State way.
We agree! : "The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music."
Everytime I'm at the store I always manage to get the cart with the bum wheel
YOU NEED TO KNOW BOUT #PARTYRIOT AS WELL HERE IN #HOUSTON.. #MAY27th .... specially since were goin to work togeather one day!
NO NOT MEL GIBSON
You are very welcome! Love the concept!
Thx to u 2! is exciting work in progress! Together w/ we're a full solution 4 #neighborhood #local #smb's
Rabbit Season
FREE SHOW AT TIPITINAS UPTOWN TONIGHT 10PM: GROOVESECT WITH COREY HENRY FROM REBIRTH!
All of the above.....
thanks 4 follow back much love from vegas
Why is it so cold right now? It's May! And it's Cinco de Mayo!
No idea who/what/where, etc enfield is - But I care you swam! Swimming! I dreamt last night I was re-recruited for 200 fly wtf
RT : Must deal w/ this. RT : #Facebook Amends IPO S-1 -- Admits #Advertising Hurt By Increasing Shift to
Does anyone know of any good summer blogs on Tumblr, I want to reblog some summer stuff haha :)
how about a more subtle updates: when you hold down on the calendar it opens an appointment. I like saving time :)
I don't care about school lunch. It's junk food with an apple on the side. Bring your own lunch everyday! Be
Sweet, summa rain
yes please feel free to contact me directly
I guess she was right! Happiness is all around us. Just need to see it. :) /cc
TodaysABQdeals thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
That definitely counts. You can also follow #NMDD for live coverage of the events all day!
Family on my P100 tour told me I looked like Penelope Cruz. Then they said I looked like Selma Hayek.
How is Atlanta staying in this game vs the ? No way the c's should have blown a 10 plus point lead
Cant wait for it to drop bre!
my mom won't pay for a data plan :( or a blackberry lol. MAYBHE I DUN WANNA TALK TO U
Amen! And the new lib needs to get out of the building too.
Flat tire.
For sure. Just let me know whenever u have time.
no its true :(
Not only is the funniest man on twitter, but he is a straight edge kid's wet dream for every time 4/20 rolls around.
The grumbling of my stomach is getting LoUDer!!! Come on 10pm!!!
I'm not a mind reader but i'm reading the signs, bet you can't wait to fuck me again.
Thanks for the follow and all you do for
I got engaged today!!!! :D OMG I'm so happy its insane! Lol
1 hour until #Tribecon 2011 gets started @ City Park!
I wondered why on Earth he thought THAT was the search term that would help.
That tweet is exactly y we luv u RT ": I ate a burrito. RT At noon today, a lot of us went walking."
Basketball tomorrow with the sister and friends. Then softball. Yayy <3
I had 3 yrs in HS and one semester in college, so yeah...it was the verb 'tenses' that left me confused
I wanna go so bad ! She's my fav ! Concert on a Wednesday
id put you at a rick astley
I keep losing followers -__- TF
The posible______ is also on MLB Network
Andrew Luck and RG3 are forever locked together in history like Peyton and Leaf. For the record I think both will be good.
Ill actually be on a Radio Show in 2 week talking about it. They want the behind the scenes of the industry after the manager got arrested.
Tomorrow is re-opening for the season! Three trucks per day 11a-3p 43-29 Crescent St. in #LIC Queens
Jose Ricardo Feris appointed new Deputy Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration: See ICC website.
Peprah on a missed tackle
Absolutely man, you're welcome
1st annual Cereal Bowl?
Yikes those kids are so mean
love you too girl
Recruiter tip at #tcbsm4hr: TMP advises let the technology, not the candidate, tell HR from where the applicant comes. Exc ideas from Todd.
Norway is amazing. So strongly united in love for each other. Wish more countries had same values. Then it would have been peace on earth.
My mom just passed a jimmy johns truck. We must be going freaky fast.
we don't have the official # yet. We will keep you posted!
how about that 37 to 6 win!!!
follow us so we can stick around... Do you wanna me so i can boost retweet u on twitter.com/poker ?
Ready to get back to the #870 shake up the #901 and fall off in
Rihanna has trimmed down. Lookin' great!
Larry David sitting courtside at the Lakers game...really hoping he trips someone
Ugh, I'm only 8 minutes into transcribing this meeting!
nope, even if he did fuck him.
and both have birthdays today -- Maybe they'll celebrate together?
hm, can you explain that a little more? Is it bc "joke" is a popular search word? And how to put in 1st 10-15 secs of vid?
oops! Assume you meant playing with blocks, not blacks!
Thanks for the mention
Twitentino films: Reservoir Tweets, Tweet Fiction, Tweetie Brown, Twit Bill Vols 1 & 2, Death Tweet
That was a physical half... New live play question added on Sporting Explore: Do you think there will be a red card?
SO EXCITED FOR "METALS" Ah!!! FEIST!!!! You are my hero :)
Previous quotes from "Does the library have a role to play in the Digital Humanities?" by re Ithaka S+R's history interim rpt.
WOW WHERES THE HUSTLE?!?!
Wife tells me 2 act my age...come on babe I'm
That joyous feeling when all the downtown parking lots are $15 cuz of Padres and you successfully parallel park in the one open street spot.
FINALLY arrived in Austin. I will not sleep for the rest of this trip.
Blown opportunities starting to stack up for the Need to refocus and start executing better
Get $10.77 off tickets to the Guardsmen Lawn Party at Marina Green 6/2 when you enter 'BONE' at checkout! OPEN BAR GUYS!...
I'm Southern and charming and have a wonderful way with words. So it's not ALL bad. I'm sure was complimenting you.
I'm a perfectionist >.<
follow me chris please when you get this
Back in college for the weekend. At Dayton for 's graduation!!
those were the days
introduced me to them recently. Gotta say they're pretty darn good!
hahaha I love u r son ..!!
Thanks you ma! I hope your day went well....Please save my owna lunch yah!
I like adult. I don't have to do artic, phonology, reading, hearing screenings, all the parts I DON'T like!
Im reading your book right now its pretty awsome.
almost as nice as my legs.
: Eep! Wow and thanks!
go an retweet other people too because then they post again and it trends faster! I'm tweeting my arse off
the one that just passed lol
It's exactly one month until the last day of school.
This afternoon: International Sex Workers Rights Day Picnic - MacArthur Park SOUTHSIDE by the fountains
lol hush woman
whoops. that's ... they're awesome... Have a nice day
I cant stand it when girls wear a really pretty dress and shoes to prom, but then do noting to their hair..
On my way to church...
Pretty Fun Divertito Options/Blessings
That ridiculous workplace violence training email you received? Not spam.
Headin' to #HereWeMeme event tonite. Did I see tequila as a raffle prize? Excited!
“: Damn. #Flyers” last min goal in game 6 always leaves a lasting impression Go #Flyers!!!
Getting ready for work nshit.
That was...interesting.
CAN I GET AALL MY FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW NOW ... SHE FOLLOWS BACK
The released API is for reading only Chad. There is still no posting API available.
2. TV moves even further away from the broadcast model and providers deliver data to every device.
Sometimes you have to put a fake smile on and pretend like it never happened. It's not called giving up, it's called growing up.
you were a joy! Hope it's a great run!!
I was mad in my last tweet. Lol.
I am really impressed-- your cloaking device is perfect! I can't see a thing!
I really miss my puppy right now. :( I wish she was still here.
For you, I'd deliver coffee and flowers. :)
that's the attitude. if you can buy the most expensive thing in there REAL casual and be ON THE PHONE when you do it.
Go Karen!
how do you feel about the Manning news? We might as well bet on an 1 legged man in an ass kicking contest
lol oh gotcha. But nbd it's one set unless its the same time as another band. Then you leave her.
Working on a new character...I think I'll debut her at a pageant....
Beyonce's vocals never let me down!
#walkingdead LOL he called that bitch olive oil!!
:) You're yummy.
Thanks for the follow. Let's think snow.
Once I close my eyes I'm passing out. Honestly, I'm scared to blink.
If tweeted me I would like SCREAM until I LOSE MY VOICE<U+E32A><U+E32B>
Well, wasn't this a great day? (:
If an outfit looks bad on a mannequin, it's probably not going to look good on you.
Baaaah I just need this thing to work for 10 mins on friday. Come on!
Personal Pest Control. Does mainly commercial, and developments, but he'll hit up residential too.
You've had them?
give another clue
Just had me some good old soul food..... what guess!!!!!
1617- hmm what to say what to say! I really miss our all day conversations about.. nothing! your really pretty and always there for me ILY<3
u look different today. U have a kinda glow to u. Hot like always
You had me at Silv ;) x
give me a follow, ill follow you back .
ill think about it lol
I love scare tactics!
How is that show? Like it the best of all the talent shows?
We're soulmates. RT : if the world is our playground, I'm the girl in the corner reading a book during recess
ya why?
RT : And the xkcd venn diagram comic makes an appearance! #heweb11 #tnt9 (I have it taped up in my office)
Both of my ideas for social networking websites have been taken. How much do you think I'd have to pay for myface.com?
What do you use?
Almost all my clinical trial QA audits have resulted in observations. This is not a good sign for drug & device trial managers. To much work
I will be on the radio today 91.7 at 12pm. Feel free to tune in!
This is 2nd day this week my parents have not fed me dinner. K...
OK ENOUGH !!!!!!! AHHAHAHAH
I hate this part right here..
Woops, I almost cared. That was a close one.
yaay! U always have a welcome pass to the nbrhd #keysToTheHood swing by 1226 Hollins 2C the bottle & trash free gdn space :)
I can't get Lotus Flower Bomb out of my head !!
I don't know why I even bother following links to anymore. Damn site takes forfreakingever to load. I still miss the text-only option.
Live fast die young brown girls do it well.
What do you mean-- I had a Dorothy Hamill haircut.
Show is great so far!
Look at me wen im talking to u
We're excited to be at #azima tonight! Can't wait to hear all about culture :) cc:
Shawty got meh thinking bout her!!!! N we not even together !!!!!
Hey dude! How is the hangover from last night?
Good question, why Hadoop on only 18 nodes.
I have not used it in yet but last year I used it in for a group project so I could see the conversations.
Things I've done to procrastinate starting this paper:
There's some serious buzzword bingo going on with that slide.
"I am the light of the world. He who follows Me shall not walk in darkness, but have the light of life." John 8:12 NKJV
“: koolin in the boot!”<< man I'm taking down there this Summer
bye bye then:P
I am most definitely having a very dirty martini when I get home tonight. Long week.
Every day after work, I shed several layers of dried PVA from my hands and arms. That stuff is tenacious!
Can't wait for the game tonight #iubb #HoosierNation. Who's headed to Hotlanta?
HEY HEY HEY NOW ;)
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. - Danny Kaye
People take things to serious sometimes gee breath for once.
Wow “: Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. Mind=Blown”
:"Reducing barriers to earning a college degree is good for students, for institutions of higher learning & the state"
fuji brookside was both, bad service and bad food...71st is still good though.
Fellas #Icantstand to see FAKE JORDANS
gorgeous pic ;-) . . is bongos the one at the triple A or hardrock?
That's a weird fetish that I wouldn't be tweeting about, but to each his own! RT : I feel shit.
OMG Al Jarrreau just kissed me on TV
Oh man. This is insane
vino.. everyone likes a bottle of wine..even if they don't drink it, it's one less they have to buy when company comes over.
I think YOU stole the Lorax! :)
I'm thinking she has a lot of choices herself.
that would work too
Pistol on my side u don't wanna hear that thing talk!
Loving us some on our venture out west +VP
Really, the only salad I really like is chopped spinach with lots of pickled or roasted beets. That's a good combo :)
Michal Neuvirth has never lost a playoff series since coming to North America he is 14/14
Thanks for the follow back, wishing you a wonderful evening as well :)
Meta World Piece. “: I had no idea Ron Artest changed his name to World Peace.”
I really haven't been able to stop drinking coffee since I woke up this morning!
Awe Victor. Thanks so much. Made my day.
Gonna be a good nite!!!
U can't b friends w sum1 who enviez u... Don't try!!!
this is all because of what he asked on ask.fm website.
One moment it'd pne thing the next it's another. It's always something tho!
My daughter has earned her Screen Actor's Guild Card! So much to figure out and so happy!
and someone forgetting his jock strap in the backseat.
Graffiti documentary BOMB IT sports some creative animation, covers international territory and all sides of the illegal public art issue.
Osi holdout is wrong. big $ign bonus & he only played to his deal in 2 of 5 years. How can he claim underpaid!?
Get your priorities together and stop bullshitting around.
Saturday Daylife -- the hottest pool party in Old Town! Cabanas sold out and the pool is getting packed...get down here!
Bynum needs to get his head out of his a$$ for half the game!!
S.O.S...Whats good?
game last night!
I've asked for confirmation from various sources, but they say it takes up to 7 days to confirm readings on rads
about 2 times out of 10, i think that 80/20 rule seems like complete bullshit.
someone had a sign that said "break out the boomstick" or something like that
I sometimes do some dumb shit just to fuck with people
I got the smart people in my group for the game but we lost like 4 times so we had to eliminate 4 people in our group
Wildboyz is easily the gnarliest show ever on tv
there's a lot of judging going in =P~
WRITTEN IN STONE ALBUM
Why am I not going to be at Bamboozle?
well not really but hey can you message me ?
Sorry to hear that. As you know, our freelancers' opinion columns don't necessarily reflect our views.
: Go to Cubby Bear on Sunday. It's Chicago's number one salsa/mambo venue right now.
Giving a little tour of #NOLA today, a warm welcome for our #JazzSwap co-hosts. So happy to have them here!
A nigga check short like Gary Coleman, this the bull shit, if you got it, I want it nigga
Im down RT Let's fuck
Those are AWFUL names.
2nd 2 show day, let's wrinkle! oh uhh....happy prom everyone.
i wanna go to Austin's concerrt!!
Yum! Chorizo Stuffed Dates! Learn how to make them from coming up on with !
I do! thank you Kurt!
HI! I am good just really been busy with school. It's so hard to juggle everything. THanks for asking.i miss you.How r u?xo
follow back
Day 2 starting at 11am today. I'm below avg in chips but still workable with 65bb.
I totally get it - mine too. I started posting obnoxious things on her posts trying to get her to unfriend me. Didn't work.
Congrats on the awards; if you call my company K-Sun I'll send you a label maker for FREE!
that means your crush has good taste
I'm at the gym this morning. After this I'll be visiting a few local wine shops. The plan is to restock and rearrange my wine cellar today.
Hmm-- good question; maybe that is the answer; the judges wanted their 15 minutes as an asterik-ed footnoted year; cheers-- E.
It's 8:10pm and guess who's still at the office
got me a kitchenaid one last year totally worth it!
Haven't been on the air, sorry. : where's my radio Ruben?? I felt like crackin up today."
lol .... im glad you got jokes
'your tonsild grew back'
2012 my friend.
Congrats u guys played awsome
WooHoo! Added a night to #ISTE2011 reservation...road trip can start earlier! we are set! :)
Happy 21st birthday !
We need one more person to check in at our location, and we'll hit the 1000 mark.
Happy Easter!!
Skinny girls get PICKED up,medium girls get LICKED up and thick girls get DICKED DOWN..
Does Mitch Daniels look like Peyton manning 20 years from now?
Yes they are. Just 3 episodes per season, but 90 minutes each.
Live music tonight with Perfect Norm & Shoot Out The Lights! Show starts at 10pm.
Anyone moves and they get cuffed.
I dont have the time to put everyone in their place please take a number and have a seat. THX :) #JDM *now calling number 27....NUMBER 27!*
#InMiddleSchool everyone thinks they have so much homework. and then they go to high school. xP
Writing tonight and weeping for the millions who will not know a Father's (Parent's) love this Christmas. Can we hear their cry?
I'm guessing a Pintrest print magazine can't be long in the offing.
The money that could be saved if RTE would ever stop filming its current affairs shows like Hollywood blockbusters. Looking at you,
Any Nana's fans in the #southwest? Whole Foods has our big, 3.5oz cookies on sale this week!
May 17th, 2002 - Jason Giambi becomes only the 21'st player and 2nd Yankee to hit a walk-off grand slam with his team trailing by 3 runs.
Momma said she finna get another tattoo
required for growth
if they both did a concert together that would be perfect :D
yes you do :p
Our phenomenal student panelist Cpl. Ralph Shank USA (Ret.)
So perfect!! I'm there next time :)
Thanks for following me!!(:
The figure it out promo with BTR looks so funny. Omfg I want to watch it so bad
RT It's Westside, we in this bitch!.. .duh
I found a hickey on my mom's neck. seriously, wtf?
We'll be launching a new Remix Competition on Monday! Look out for news on how you can remix a Seclusiasis artist.
Is it acceptable to put 'The Time Warp' as a skill on my resumé?
Good call my man! 3-2 BC it was...
There's nothing better than having a bad day at school and not being able to tell your boyfriend about it because he won't reply.
Obviously you are if you mistake me for anything BUT white. GET OFF MY NUTS.
was there any news on a new studio album from Green Day or are they planning on taking a break again????
kinda watching smallville. But mostly tweeting & falling asleep. #nap lol! ;)
lol shut it
how about some encouraging words for unpublished writers? do on word and email me at ty, can't wait
We are close to 2,000 followers on Twitter! To celebrate, we are having a drawing where YOU & a FRIEND will win 1/2 OFF 1 month of classes!
a sense of humor makes a girl beautiful <3
So cute, had to pin this on my Pintrest board!
Day 2 of the PGA Fall Expo in swing. If you havent already check us out booth 1120 & ETC9.
You're more likely to act yourself into feeling than feel yourself into action. So act!
Please stop playing on my fucking phone you childish lil bitches
Thanks again for coming out! RT : Serial Hawk was badass! Heavy shit!
I'm relaxing tonight have a big night at work tomo night for Cinco de Mayo
Ok, its a roger and out.
let us get back from hotlanta then come thruuuuuu. Don't flake Super Bowl style haha
stop with the sad face he cares
Tracy from the Santa Monica store was fantastic, she deserves kudos, also Jasmine who helped immensely.
well, that is the typical meaning in storage industry. But I take your point, and people at risk of talking past each other here
I could only get it without the words but I did get it.
Long live David Byrne! He can still rock like nobody's business... fabulous concert!
I am so glad made this list. She's my go-to girl.
Today Is "bracketology" -- very important analysis. Lots of opinion today.
Saw comments about $2.01 coffee; writing about Starbucks. Want to chat? Please send phone # or email me at
Can't wait for LSU game tomorrow. It's the only thing keeping me sane during the Saints bye. Geaux Tigers! Lets keep Tebow winless at LSU.
lol nope just rehearsal at 2-10pm <U+263A> about to go for my run <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Watching people play Flower at the Art of Video Games by is the best.
word, I can try to help you but am starting to get drunk. You can come over I'll be here.
Thanks for all the suggestions! We will try our best to make these slices happen over the next year.
I think I'ma sleep great tonight.
Where did u find this?
hey im getting VIP too! :) you're going to the seattle one right?
real talk niggas gone be mad at my next production
Ooh awesome! :) That sounds fun! I'm curling my hair at the moment! Rofl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> Then going to go eat lunch! :) lol Thanks for...
"We're all alright! We're all alright!"
And off I go.
you're not going to kill yourself right?!
the Expo is in action. Looking forward to it!
well hello! :) lol
thanks bro. Maybe one day I can go on the show
can you please do your fashion question thing on your website again!, it was so god :) xoxo
But the language/culture issues still apply. From what I can see, no US institution is providing adequate support.
<U+2665> When life give you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile. <U+2665>
No its the music :)
Starting a PC Technician training program at Austin Community College HTI. The program combines the COMPTIA A+ and Network+ Certifications
Newest addition to the staff here in Maryvale, my coworker back in Milwaukee and now clubhouse manager for the timber rattlers:
maybe it's because you're a mommy too
Sure would have been nice to know I needed to get that book on reserve at the library while I was, you know, IN the library.
Jamming to "Tears Dry" by Amy Winehouse
Proud of you. On to the next race !!
you kind of get used to it. Im just taking one more AP than I did last year so it isn't a big deal.
Another gorgeous day here in southern Wisconsin! Rain is in the forecast though. Tune into #NBC15 News at 11 for more!
This game is getting nuts.
Follow me please :D
June 3rd... I'm going to probably be flying
Love sleeping in until 2 pm. It must be summer :)
Spending time on the phone with Bank of America is, put simply, a horrible experience.
Special thanks to Steve Jobs for making my life a lot more fun.
Physical therapy, shopping, car trouble fixed, organizing office & books. And this is my week off!
The 2pac hologram is insane. I can't wait for the 2pac Biggie reunion.
it's so beautifully readable!
Yes, it was the more compelling story that Cameron never heard of.
yea you are lol....
work..on da countdown
Yesterday shots were fired at Fort Sumter. I feel that the "division of our glorious Republic into petty states" would be disastrous.
Unfollowers get no love
Tomorrow is Wellness Wednesday at the Farm. Receive a top shelf gram of your choice with minimum donation.
caught some of it. #Blanton is our ace?? He has been good. Did ya bail early?
You are just
ALOTTA BULLSHIT & LIES MAN. THEY TOOK ME OFF THE TOUR FOR BULLSHIT REASONS ETC.
While leaving a store after not buying anything and thinking, 'Act natural, you're innocent.' :S
Ouch. No really, i just stepped on an earring or something. Ouch.
I think I want to play soccer... Halls Sports anyone???
SF @ SEA... Hawks playoff chances on the line, 49ers trying to lock up 2 seed. Plus final home game for crazy Seattle fans.
lmao you know ur always invited to my bdays, u can b a guest of honor!!!:-)
The older I get the more I respect and appreciate Cal Ripken. He is truly amazing for what he did.
Anyone know drug dealers in vegas? Lookin for claritin! Can't stop sneezing. Shit.
yea it was just a test at first so I would stop eating out. Then I start doing research and realized I didn't need it anymore.
just wanted to say thanks for all the years of keeping wrestling fans entertained. Your the best. Thanks Hulk
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill
My homie baby moms want me to smash...let's see what he thinks! Bros before hoes
You're cute as hell man. I guess the lack of polish is part of the appeal!
#psanderettememories Actually, my favorite memory was watching your videos for the first time!
Yeah I make beats for them. But I aint in there group or anything lol idk if I can head there with them. I'd like to visit though
Cheeseburger in paradise
hahahaha you can include driving and directions in that mix.
reporting you to the humane society
About to kill a nigga in the building....AMEN.
Omgomgomgomg. I can't believe followed me <21 ah.
Facing the crowds House majority Demi Lovato opens up her new man starts a drive-thru Why it's being!
you were Jahvid Best motivation last night. thank you! please go to see him b4 each game!
Oh, and 500+ high quality sample sounds & loops, royalty free? yummy
well thank you! I Hope to make this a productive week
Can someone please take me to Tempe, AZ? #please?
I have a feeling that unlike smash bros,about half of the cast is going to be 3rd party characters...
I'm conducting a poll of your all-time favorite CDs. Join the fun and submit a list by May 20! It can be a Top 10, 20, 40 or even Top 100!
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Time for some late night SMASH. show is amazing btw.
ugh it pisses me off that the only clothes that i leave places that people take for themselves are my favorite shirts msfnkjedwshjdf.
I'll just do what I always do, put em on a USB, and print them at Staples or somewhere.
Where is ? It's #kyderby week!
everybody needs to drop an eff bomb everynowandthen. I support it! Feel better!
It was great seeing you all again. Please keep me posted. I believe in "Apart" and know it will make great noise for you.
I learned trilobite before I learned terabyte and now I am mixing them up.
Good day at thewon wins -65kg kickboxing event with authority! Well done to KarinLambert on a solid performance
No prob..Thank You
I think Fluval makes a nano filtration system that you could add to that, it'll help keep the chemistry more balanced.
I've used the word "fix"as a noun three times today. Need to find a fix for that.
wasting tax money bc I haven't been to school for my job
im good x wbu
I Love You Austin Make My Wish Come True & Follow Me!(: Please(: #11:11
aw baby<3
Just finished group training for the office brokers at Turley....fun group with great questions! Excited to work more with the,
Our Hero is ready for it, and all other suffering, to be over.
Good reports on Max Pacioretty so far.
O! Thanks! Maybe I'll get a #dcflacks one :)
indeed buddy. Im a bad influence
I hate when the lights flicker or the power goes out. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
That's great! Thanks for picking me. I should follow you to improve my golf game! We'll swap skills.
yay! actually got to experience the out-of-doors today.
Family isn't about whose blood you have. It's about who you care about.
I don't wear make up to cover myself up. I think it's just fun to do. #ILoveDoingMyMakeUp. <3
it is #Vagtastic!! Hanks is superb.
God your amazing <3
Remember, the entrance door to the sanctuary is inside you. - Rumi
Hide yo kids, Hide yo wife. Hide yo kids, Hide yo wife, and hide yo husband cause they rapin' everybody out there.
Add wing---$6.00 per dozen Choice of wings: Chipotle, BBQ, Sweet & Sour, Teriyaki, Hot & Screaming Hot
I am SO happy about that too. PTL!
excellent. I'll put my cyberstalker cap on ;) Seriously, thanks. I'll work up my list in a bit and drop you a line
Great question - any answers yet?
Hear, hear RT We are keeping Disco alive today for the Queen!
Aww, you are very welcome
Gnarly practice tonight! New song sounds great. Stoked to be playing with these guys as always. -dg
kiss there all better
yeah, that is kind of sad.
I would love to, but I just committed to a kinda workish thingy for next Wednesday. I bet it will be awesome though!
God 1st! Family 2nd! Money third!... period point blank!!
We should be taught not to wait for inspiration to start a thing. Action always generates inspiration. Inspiration seldom generates action
I would be the one to have my phone fall in tea. Of course.
I asked about renting a boat 2 travel down the Kerala backwaters. Here was the description I received:
You do though :P
GaLuWi has worked with Matthew Caryl for 5+ years. In those 5+ years we can honestly say Matthew is the perfect match for our company, we sh
1st day at my new job...time to turn on the awesome.
My sister made a twitter.
Surveying those terms would make another great blog post...
were gonna,. Live laugh love fart. <33
Falling Slowly was in the movie "Once," which was amazing as well.
Anybody in Vegas?
#ReasonstoseeTLAMthisweekend because I didn't take the kids the 1st time
her and the whole case from "Think like a man" cast supposed to be coming today!
Twitter makes me mad. it sets back DM's. -__-
Its hot as hel outside and its nite time wtf! memphis gone b 1 hot summer dis year
MT : Happy International Women's Day #IWD Me: We need a *National* Women's Day after the last couple of weeks!
long time no talk how r u
wtf it just retweeted 3 of your tweets at the same time hahs wtf my phones high:-)
I love that one of the methods in a Chef Resource is entitled epic_fail.
oh hai.it's my birthday;<U+2665>
You clearly don't get it. And probably never will.
Buzz just activated for me in Gmail, anyone else?
Almost done tweeting (OnE. LaST. TiME!) as we're still in Canada. Go #Canada. Next stop, N. Africa & Morocco.
I could not agree more!
THAT VIDEO WAS AMAZING!! I'M SPEECHLESS AS ALWAYS!! GREAT JOB PEYTON<21
Hey , if you throw out a latenight campfire appearance at the Beachcomber, you can name your price.
Sponsorship should not a be approached as a transactional mechanism to secure revenue.
Clearly you get what you pay for
Gorgeous evening -- perfect for pizza. Of course, we tend to think most gorgeous evenings are perfect for pizza.
had a great time 2day@ the food truck fest!we r looking for new locations..where do u want the best country fixins in nash?
haha its fine:) im 16 in 3 weeks:) ah cool:)!
My new lipgloss is burning my lips but it looks so good. Whether I take it off or not, it's a lose-lose situation :(
I once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is
If u say the word lad... I love you. X
contemplating getting an electric guitar. so far, leaning towards a strat...
OMG #Spartacus Season Finale!!!
you just tore my heart muscle into pieces
I wish I could say this was a good learning experience for #UT but I'm not sure we'll keep our players and Barnes should know better already
I was warned to not come to your twitter profile. Apparently the Selleck runs strong with you. LOL Hope you're doing good
run with me at 8!!
My bad, sorry. Thought it was clear from the link, but I see your point.
It feels god to be home.
So tired
Can people shu up with the #illuminati talk smh!!!
LOL! The guy on 16 & Pregnant brought his girlfriend a half bag of chips and said "this is close enough to flowers" after their big fight.
Maybe if you close your eyes and put your head against the screen, everything will transfer to your brain. No? Ok.
we are ready...we are waiting!
Im scared to take any pills in case there is a commercial telling me I shouldn't have taken it and I might die.
Passive voice is hated by me. See what I did there? I'm still mad.
#DepressingSitcoms The Brady Lunch...hey mundane is depressing...
You have a hard time expressing yourself. :)
3 more job applications. jesus help me
just when I thought it was safe (deposited dissertation, delivered SEM paper) a million job applications are due.
RT : following back (:-- well appreciated
when life hands you lemons, make lemon sugar cookies.
This water is so good
It's more than that. Those red banners are new.
#SOTD is "It Can't Rain Everyday" by P.O.D.
All of my wishes are used on you.
Excited about putting the finishing touches on the 3yr strategic plan!
Get ready for the May 2012 BCBA exam, by taking our prep course.
We make you the "Buzz" of people's "Daily Ritual..."
Tonight Tonight The Pinch will play TONIGHT! 9 pm at the Triple Rock
Out on the prowl.
One down, five to go! (Days until Abby comes home from camp)
cliff notes darling. Cliff notes.
you are the expert. I expect great things from you
eww what happened to geting married! I hope u said no
Excited for these new possibilities likely ahead!
aww I love you too!!
What is your FB address??? Thanks!!
Wow i didn't realize they had one out lol
Umm if you have been on Maury 5-6 times for DNA tests and you went thru 10 men wtf are you doing thats a mega ho! Smh poor babies
........ had 2 vent so i vented too, so she wouldnt have 2 vent alone, u need to do any venting boo boo? Lol
Milk was Cleopatra's secret to silky,soft skin!Prepare your bath as normal but + 2 cups of powdered milk.This treatment is easy &effective!
My motto of the day: what doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
And... this is my hello days later! I think I saw you at Summer Solstice too. Did you have a good time?
I got my ticket! Have you got yours?
You know what, i have never seen The Notebook. like i legit never have.... it's like, im a The Notebook virgin ._.
RT : I love . He had my heart before the Internet #4years awww very sweet!
Who's going to the concert in LA this Sunday?
Lord, help us to keep our promise to be faithful to you, as you keep your promise to your people.
If your at #SXSW come stop by our booth
What did you think of the new location?
Thank you, brotha! It sucks, but I'll be alright.
The Intrepid Pressible Team boards a plane for the SLOAN-C 4th Annual International Symposium on Emerging Tech for Online Learning.
Dubstep remix of "Seven Nation Army" #NowPlaying in Midnight Mug. I think someone has missed the point.
I love this part...Autobots and Decepticons!!!!
has the best storys EVER, there so addicting i cant wait 4 ch. 4! :) #TeamMindless go follow her 2 :)
nawhh haha I'm done for the night. But gonna Hitting the gym in like 6 hours counting down! Haha
I should've done this more often! #NW a hour of #DragonballZ, while recovering from some Steak & Shake!
Spotted: a woman dressed like a cat running through with her dog
Hi everyone in tweet land miss all u guys happpppppppppyyyyyy = New YEAR
some days taste like lemonade- it's one of those days, mostly thanks to (:
iknow and then when they were supposed to grab the bag with their district number and i was like GRAB 11!! lmao
RT : The money comin' back and forth like a see-saw. And y'all ain't never seen what we saw. I gotta go to work.
Thanks for spreading the word :)
Don't forget the Eischen's Yoga orientation class is today from 1pm-3pm!! We would love for everyone to come join us!
Going back in the mix Monday this weekend is dedicated to God !!
Back in Seattle. Pouring rain. Good to be home (for 2 days)
Who does? LOL Crazy
The web site I've been working on is 98% done. Check it out! www.miledeepfilms.com
Compare this to how GHEBush handled the similar Fang Lizhi situation. ": RT Chinese activist Chen Guangcheng in a 'dangerous'
Thank you Elizabeth #Warren for showing Democrats how to fight the Republicans'
do we have roller practice this weekend?
You dont like giving head....you might get cheated on with somebody who does.....90% chance itll happen...its life
Can barley keep my eyes open right now. :/
Administrative Assistant to the VP of crack development 2008 - 2009
"why are you so beautiful?"
I do miss him. Sigh!
lmao i look crazy laughing alone but that was too funny
2011.08.30 #Cardinals 2 #Brewers 1 | Sloppy game and all / we expect the walkoff win / not to be tonight.
thank for the follow folks!
We all have that one person that makes us smile like an idiot when we talk to them :)
I uploaded a video. It's in the uploaded video playlist. Yet it's not listed under uploaded video on my channel. F-You (tube)
if you see me walking around today with a bright orange jug, i swear there isn't anything weird inside. except my urine.
Night made !
I wonder if jay z and fabolous make an album would it be colder than him and yae shit? What yal think??
QoTD: "An error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it." (Orlando A. Battista)
if I sent you a track would you tell whether you feel it or not
We've added a block of rooms ($79) for students at the Solé Inn in Pensacola! Call by March 5 to reserve your room: (888) 470-9298.
ATTENTION ALL! WE ARE CURRENTLY LOOKING TO HIRE 2 OFFICE POSITIONS AT RAY SANDS GLASS IN CHILI. Full time, Monday through Friday. All inte…
It's a super effective way to taunt me with an adorable kitten!
Buenos Dias :o You should have some Pineapple for breakfast.
Heard say head coach Mike D'Antoni would be out by next week. Turns out it happened just now.
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
RT: : They say forgive and forget..but I never forget the reason I had to forgive.
Think I just exceeded the limit on how much technology one can have on display at any time in a coffee shop.
VIP sounds nice in Florida
Just had some Vietnamese weasel coffee. I'm awake now!
Man!!!!!! I need a new twitter name somebody help me out
Seriously how many brazilians can one place house? #areyouallrelated?
what happened
WTF? I just found out this guy is telling everyone in his school that I'm going out with him and I was at his house yesterday.
If you're happy & you know it clap your clap your hands, stomp your feet, wave your hands, leap for joy.
I think 90210 is my guilty pleasure... :P Can't help it!
Anyone used for a presentation? Lots o' capabilities & more interactive than PPT, I WILL master it (free for students!)
The Punk Goes Pop albums make you never want to listen to the original versions of those songs again.
Muah!! So miss my Austin peeps for realz!
six years! Thats a lot. Lol so how old were you when you started? Over here it's like super hot today. Lol I like cold weather
Missed you.
What are the ML's for them? Also what's your gut feeling... I'm thinking Denver
Well at least I get to go home now. @#$%!
Cant Go To My Friend quincee D: I have To Go To A Wedding With My Bro (: I Hopee Its Fun(:
Haha, no. The table was me, dad and coach behl
oh well thanks babe ;)
What's on my menu? Green yams rolls no soul food
So i'll just say nothing yo......... and Thou shall Livith that wayith
: I signed the card last night when i got home from work.
"it's like dead men walking out here" --Lyte
A very long and wide point.
Happy Christmas Eve,family & friends, Enjoy your holiday weekend, Seasons Greetings, Best wishes from my family to yours!
Wowww. Copiers much? We did that picture first. Just makes you look stupid. Haha!
TY for following!
"GaGa can't handle this shit..." Hacker - Death Grips. "Teaching bitches how to swim."
Dad's listening to Bruno Mars. Where's the wake up AC/DC and The Killers?!
1500 cars find a new way to get where they are going with the Shadwell bridge being closed, what route do you recommend? Most say I 64
Goodnight world Another bless day
that's some good English there.
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz, tonight from 8-11pm! Support local music!
It's a site that allows people to review (and look for) places to go to eat, go out, find a dentist, etc. It's pretty useful!
whose it against?
I wanna throw a real party ... not a little ass house party .
is really tired of the Brewers finding ways to lose.
Awh! :( I havent checked what I got yet.
Just watched #gamechange and certain I will continue to be in awe of #palin stupidity and ignorance for years to come.
Repeat That?
Maybe if I don't talk to him or text him the next three days maybe he'll miss me? Lol idk
YOU did this
Thanks for connecting! We see you guys a little bit, but would love to see you more! Keep us in mind for pt discharges, transfers, & events!
ooopss I revealed myself=O
gas prices
I'll drink to that! Happy New Year, Rhea. Have a great one.
I'm going to see if I can get a postponement. I'm told that such things are possible.
Listening to five 50+ year old businessmen in suits discuss the hottest movie stars at breakfast. Super classy bunch. Sigh.
What's good people?! If you're bored send me a message and let's talk!!
Thanks to for filling in on the Mug today while I soak up the sun at the game. Check back all day for coverage!
"You're Good In My Book" is trending right now, so if you want your tweet seen, don't spell it "YOUR"
Trying to find someone to cut my hair. Idk whether to get a bob or just long layers.
cool!!!That would be fun. Your moms so nice. Whoever hosts it would get free and half off items if the party spends $150 total
ok that's cool I'm sure my privacy settings won't mean shit then
RT : Just found out that state superintendent of schools, Dr. Tony Bennett, will be visiting IDEAS and BioLit on Monday.
I just got reminded about a t-shirt I have that I haven't worn in a while. It says, "smile, it confuses people." Go ahead, I dare you. :)
You make all things new yes..you make all things new and I will follow you forward..
Another great day to get better. Dyersburg = win
Each of us, before going to bed, comes up with his perfect life and conversation that is never to happen.
I really should have brought something to read while proctoring this exam.
any good mascara u know of ? BTW even if I put on a little still fall's off and I hate that help me!! LOL :/
Currently looking for a light-up toothbrush. Omg, it's all Liam's fault.
Character is higher intellect. A great soul will be strong to live, as well as strong to think. Ralph Waldo Emerson
gtta go to the hood lol
Win! RT : I want to play a show at Sea World. In the penguin habitat. In a tuxedo.
Was great to be 'warm up act' for Vint Cerf w': Happy fathers day, Vint, love the internets!
It's Spursday! S/O to the Silver Dancers today as they get ready to pump up the AT&T Center today.
“: "To be honest,38 points I was shocked. He got 38 in the context of team basketball. To me, that really says it all'D'Antoni”
Welcome to Twitter, !
It's to gals what Cassavetes' Husbands was to guys.
I've tried the battery upside down, rotating it, pressing the case, bending up the wire contacts, & re-pairing.
Ok just saw nick young airball an open layup over the backboard. are the #washingtonwizards the worst NBA team in history?
New Website + Promotions coming SOON! so #payAttention yesouisisim.com login in bitch!
We will get to OKC as soon as possible! Merci for coming to Tulsa to see us in the meantime!
Fun fact of the Day: Certain fireflies emit a light so penetrating that it can pass through flesh and wood!
Does your wife want a face lift?...on your house? Give it to her, and we can help paint your dreams.
Will clean energy bill #POTUS wants mean more monster windmills in #PNW? They've grown on me & I love their majestic look
twinkle twinkle little whore your in school not jersey shore.
damn. I got five on it. Lol
Can I feel ya boobs lol
You should go to Toast instead if you are in that area...
#intelsmp says be generous, promote others. Agree.
The Wildcats defeat #2 UMBC on the road 4-1. Everyone played great tonight. HUGE win to end the semester on.
It's almost Memorial Day - the unofficial start to summer! What are you looking forward to the most this summer?
I could understand if Shabazz chose UCLA. It's a fractured program needing someone to be "the man." Nobody's "the man" at UK.
Good to hear from you! I also recently did an on air segment on voter suppression and voter ID
hey, I see you are a piano player.. Where are you from?
New water slide in Kona! Fun!
Alright I will check it out now. :)
I know then its multiple Disneyland trips!!
The Internet treats censorship as a malfunction and routes around it. John Perry Barlow
Hopefully I start school next week.. I can't take this shit any longer!!!
Weisswurst is served in the water in which it was heated traditionally, with a pretty big bowl. Only getting 1 weird
Damn I want some icecream. <U+E33A><U+E43F>m Late night craving/early morning craving.
I actually agree! RT: you fail also.
all the time, usually while I'm going hard on some cereal. not ashamed.
And Chewsday/Boobsday is going just fine, though the archaeology lab turned into grand central station for a few hours-popular.
I mess wit the song Amen heavy bra
What he said. RT : Follow #UWSMPH and #UWSMPHIC for info on medical marijuana, HPV, raw milk, and other issues :-)
Thank you for the RT on Friday!
oh i never knew you needed your shoulder to walk to CVS
Copies made, book returned. See you over break!!
Ha! That's dear ol' 's whiskey laden hackathon voice :)
Rockie's Venture Club on April 17th!! Big Fat Cupcake will be there!!
haha yup and minnesota's first play was that fumble that went like negative 30 yards making it like 2nd and 45 lol
damn MCA died..
#thevoice Mathai is so happy and her voice is so unique! She is my new favorite!
$2 whiskey Wednesdays at ?
you're so tough. You should probably just stop now while you're ahead,
Jack with Karla today was good !
yes, thank you!
send me your email address and I will get you all the golf marathon information.
Good 2nd interview, I really hope it works out and I get the job. Although now I am going to watch True Life.
Actually found you right here on Twitter.
TWEET ME,PLEASE JEYDON
Am I the only #browns fan watching our draft pick play out in Carolina ? Ps .. Julio Jones just dropped another ball..
Another day given away to tmj and all its lovely attributes...frustrated ya'll!
#Diva Night is tomorrow!!! Stop by Roots Salon between 5-8 to get your card punched to win prizes!! After party at :)
Were in the year 2012 and it's impossible for some to answer a simple text or an email! What a joke.
We adore Ariana
Better than Argentina Cafe?
Goodmorning Followers Great day at Sioure Technologies New Offers and promotions coming
ALL DAM. She jus disrespected a PIMP. Lmao
RT The idea of the Cards and Brewers going at it in the NLCS...considering the bad blood between them this season..is gonna be epic.
stay home then(:
See you at 530pm through Wednesday this week....stay tuned......
going to the breathe carolina concert in covington CX
Joseph Siegle of Africa Center for Strategic Studies: 3-5 years before economic situation post revolution opens up to competition
well we going to wear church clothes.
Amazing night, With Emily, Austin and Tyler!! Happy 2 months Emily and Austin!! (:
#Wranglers playing some great D in the 1st period
I'm on some cold pimp shit rite now
So cute! Better not let them watch Watership Down, or worse, Plague Dogs. Very scary.
I had a great birthday today :) Even if didn't say happy birthday
I'm just at the doctor's office touching all her stuff!! :) thanks. Me too!
Canada's Moses Znaimer remains in violation of U.S. Intellectual Property law in false claims to ZOOMER trademark.
Going to get my passport tomorrow for Canada. :)
beyond out of shape.. my lungs feel like they are about to explode STILL
woot woot ! Me to I got a new number I need yours
Thursday nite we find out the winner for challenge at Milk Studio. Good luck to my new friends We rock
It's to choreograph to song what makes you beautiful, but me and my friend doing it because we love them
was that a song lyric? It sounded cool.
so jelly!!!! Have fun! Hugs!
Ryan!! I'm creating a YouTube account and I'm going to give you a shoutout video(:
always brings me back to who I am.
I've had two glasses of wine.
These Swedish commercials are weird. Couldn't tell if they were selling food or warning about a virus.
As are we! Hope you come with an appetite, there's a lot of delicious food to be devoured.
Amazing that I'm flying at 35,000 feet & my girlfriend is shopping in Denver & we're chatting on IM about a press release
hope you have a fun baby shower <U+263A> xoxo :)
Heya Lee!!! See you soon?
Thanks for the RT and about our buy-one-get-one rose special. Hope you stop by and take some home.
You're adorable!
My "friends" are such bitches. They never invite me places and then they ignore my texts.
2! A car ride to work is just not enough. It's only 15 min a day of funny Tay:(
Mother of god, I need to hear these songs.
i voted (:
Making videos stand out since 2003!
that's who I thought it was...look at my post
. : "A career is an investment in yourself" Leslie Bennets
excuse me but somebody posted an instagram photo...and somebody said where they were going to be...hahahah
You're welcome, Rich. That's what I'm here for! :-)
Thank you for the birthday note. Wayne sez hi
want some mickey D's!! :)
snowball fight in Alexandria, VA????
I'm hanging in there. We have a death in the family so....
nope. zero for three. :( still planning on attending, though
Thanks for the interest! We have someone contacting you right now. We have a great reseller opportunity you may be interested in.
not cool
Yep, it starts again in march.. :o) ": Put her in there quick!! Lol"
Yankees just gave up a home run to the O's as I flip to them on TV. The Fuckery of the Yankees season is amazing. Ugh.
Les Mis. Loves.
This could be really amazing or terribly disastrous.
Ctfu RT : Summer = Pretty Toes. Well, not every female. Lol.
when my iPhoto library decides to be corrupted & not work.. <
thank you kindly for the S/O :)
LOOOOOL. Obviously, you're still freaking out!
i'd likely fuckup the merge ;-)
Watching AGT right now! Good luck and can't wait to see u sing!<U+E03C>
all i heard was "WOWW" and then everyone is laying on the ice what
Theocritus of Chios~ Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
Tons of new pieces in this week: www.midcenturymobler.com
Yowzah, darlin', take care of yourself and don't go crazy!
Just watched Gabrielle Union's interview on CBS morning show & found her on twitter: Can't wait to see her in Good Deeds!
You are a stand up guy. like that dude on american pickers. thats what she said.
do work son!
Tweetomatic Profiteer: the Only Twitter software tool out there which taps into the massive potential of CB. With an explosive manual..
There was a high school kid with only one arm that played baseball and threw a no hitter!!!
Mr. Bailey need to calm down .
I believe this is the last post I will do regarding the movie Drive...It was one bad a$$ mutha &^%$%^^%&* movie and you can quote me!
That CI book does look good. Thanks for the heads up!
Good Morning....I'm back! Lol!
Wass up we Finna ustream get on at 7:55pm witch is n 11 min and we need your help
Hi Josh aka Josh! :)
Ah one phone call can make this girl happy!
Just did . Did you check the site ?
on south campus?
FINALLY, I have been waiting ALL season for avery & kepner to get together!
You need to friend this amazing you man. He's an artist that's going places with his passion.
The first LitFuse iphone app just went live!!! It is so exciting, check out StarWitness! tiny.cc/m2jbu
Just got home from Local Battles. Going to Gamestop in the morning. Fuck Diablo 3. Max Payne 3 all day son.
Saints management suspension seems aggressive
To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost. -C&M
Lebron and Wade praising you, and now you are all over the scouting reports. Keep it up man, big playoff games are coming!
what's exciting that's happening for Senior Week?
Nate knows abt Tim, like whenever we see him hes like heres your boyfriend
thanks for following! Share your creative inspiration on our forum www.wearelux.com
Doing final checks on 3 new career-related guides to be released in a matter of days. Thanks to for making them look beautiful.
Just heard some thunder #OldTownAlexandria. Looks like we might be in for an afternoon T-storm.
AP classes -_- so many essays. Ah
I don't understand! It's just gone! :(
I was that way with Lauren Alaina too just not as bad. I was pretty obsessed with Scotty. Haha :)
RT : I feel like Michael Jackson's Thriller was about to start playing in that scene. LOL #Castle <~ Lol
Is the saying really thinking outside the box? Because I've been thinking outside with blocks for years and it works great.
In the dentist office. "Dentist, how I dislike your machines!"
"I like my coffee like I like my women: extra hot." - old man ordering his coffee from a hot starbucks barista.
Save the creativity for your show. Wouldn't want you to shoot your entire load over the weekend!
I Hate Mondays ¬¬'
The enemy is always on the move. Trust God and put on your best body armor for the war of life. Our emotions are our weakness
I hate that I let you down, I feel so bad about it
that is stunning! Love it. How much for a print?
just got Lupton's Type book. First page I opened to had your name on it.
... I want to go to there!
ah. ! Thats like another week!!!!!!!
PerfumeSeven website is being remodeled, if you would to order any perfume, you can get a quote by sending a DM here. Thanks
Your lookin soo good in whats left of those blue jeans
You'd think barbershop quartets would sing more songs about cutting hair.
can you please follow ? :) she'll follow back. Thanks! x
It was great to have lunch with and Necole at today. They are doing great work with
just walked by us in the stairwell to rooftop. Nice
Sweetie, you're 13. You should be doing homework, not guys.
Great meeting you at ! Let me know when you need a stunt double.
isn't she! I loved her in Meg & Dia.
let's go see it when it comes out !
For some inexplicable reason I watched 'The Bachelor' last night and I hope next season they'll give 'Levi' the horse a chance @ a filly.
Damn I can't spell lol
Finished math MCAS, suck my balls
so beautiful u are
So for a Wednesday, that was pretty good!
Sailing the sea with composite wings - High Performance Composites
I'm in! (totally invited myself)
I got a platypus for a pet!
Sad day at PW&D Southwest. Lynda in Accounting is leaving. Good luck Lynda, I'll miss you.
*early and often* you boys got a ball game to dominate tonight!
I just tried about 2 minutes ago and got nothing.
Damn its raining prtty hard lol
#quote The secret to mountain biking is pretty simple. The slower you go the more likely it is you'll crash. ~Julie Furtado
Too bad I cut my tinger at work and now I can't type with my left thumb :(
Watching 30 clubs in 30 days #Brewers edition on ... Now I'm itching for the season to begin!!
A2 #sbchat: 1. send gifts to sponsors 2. Send outreach pieces to unrenewed season tix holders 3. Plan decks to lock down unrenewed sponsors
Is learning all about austin.about.com
What your favorite hobbies? (other than #studying of course)
I'm probably the only 29 year old that still picks my fluoride flavor at the dentist.
has so many followers. wttf.
He is a nice guy! Lovely chat in line at Kroger about #SB46 festivities, with a nice guy who turned out to be 's dad.
Exactly. They've done a pretty good job raising awareness though: I've received several phone calls and a flyer.
Working from SEA until next Friday's final move to DFW. So go ahead: Be your typical rainy gray suicide-watch weather, SEA!
Taco Bells slogan is "Live Mas"....keep eating that shit and you will live less
Went to my first professional soccer game last night. Just want to say soccer fans go hard!
Just deleted more than half of my texts and I have to say that it was oddly liberating.
For the wonkiest of us, please include PAC names in the future. It's nice to be able to pull the FPPC reports.
Hey, thanks mrz! :)
RT : RS Day wants to know: What's your fave record store of all time? Peaches, Sunrise Blvd., Ft. Laud., FL circa 1978
Ready for my close up Mr. Demille! On fire about acting! Thanking God Everyday for gifts and abilities he saved just for me
"When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone."
chill with that
I watched the really crappy IMMORTALS for my #saturdaycinema. It's sad when a movie can't be saved by half-naked men.
Get up Chris Bosh!
On your deathbed, will you wish you watched more reality TV? Or will you think of time spent w/ loved ones? Do what really matters NOW.
wish i ws in HI right now to be wid da fams
Got a taste of summer this weekend. Last exam today and then I'll get the real thing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
He writes the MS exam, but he's not an MS
Just finished the original book from Isherwood but I have to say, I prefer the story of the debue Movie "A Single Man" by TOM FORD
Ima spend the night at house tonight
Iowa Corn Market Expected to Stuggle Because of Global Warming - KCRG
the only problem with getting everything done that you set out to do is that you stay up fucking forever doing it.
On tap today: blog posts and #WWI posters.
absolutely and totally sold on and blown away by the finale of SMASH and by Katharine McPhee's performance and by the songs and directing!
You should follow me. Im one of your best friend's chin?
that moment when you cant get on standgrand .com
I still use OSX widgets as well.
Kissing in the rain >>>
yea but ive got nothin to do here so i just play
Love, love love... <U+2665>
I have like 5.... Aha
#RT Vote for #Turf | Vote for #Turf Vote for #Turf | Vote for #Turf Vote for #Turf | Vote for
Thank you moth for flying right into the grill of my car after I just got it washed
Haven't thought about it. Are you?
cool, what's he waiting for? :)
I've finally come to a final answer for a question I've been trying to figure out for so long! And I'm happy with my decision!(:
You must be proud mom. She is a beautiful young lady. Hope she has a fun and safe time at her prom.
Deviation from the status quo is healthy and necessary
I can't wait to see it. I literally have worn the heck out of your song!! It's that good!!:) <3 follow me?;)
Movie recommendation is The Fats Boys in "Disorderlies"
well if u ever need anything, im always here for u. 240 421 8554
We will begin at 10:00 with application # 130010 Barbara Z.
Was seeing alot of young north carolinians rallyin against amendment one on tweets / facebook ... guess it wasnt enough ...
ii swear the last time ii checked ; I was single as single cigarette ! Smdh..
Rooftop container garden in latter part of Chicago decade was like a gateway drug: now PLANTING ALL THE THINGS in huge yard w/South exposure
been full yet craving more food <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Noticed the sponsored ads on my FB profile have switched from Christian dating sites to sperm banks. Is Facebook telling me to just give up?
Haha figured miss u too thou!
Its good everyone getting hype for tomorrow but.a real.man treat.his women like a queen everyday
k. Thanks
16 championships won since 1949, I ain't mad. Way to go, Phil Jackson.
Uh-Oh ! Lol RT “: That tweet just put a big smile on my face <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”
LOL RT : Say wht u will bout Bud Selig, a World Series has nvr been delayed b/c 3rd base exploded in a ball of flaming jet fuel
is killing it at #turnerhallballroom right now. Come out with us after
The store, as is, is relocating, though we are exploring ideas for the space.
I've totally been to Bent's Camp - awesome Wisconsin cooking!
Signs you're getting a bad haircut 1: you leave with more hair on your face than when you walked in.
It's funny how people get so amazed by how long my hair is
ppsshhh no sir... I strongly dislike
Im back. Been away for a while. Had to get my heart back song came in handy. I feel her music and it always helps. Im good!!!!!
Mrs. Doubtfire sounds like the lady down the street from me ! lol
Np-Cops on The Block:Alley Boy
Ha! We have *very* similar taste. :-)
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing
Excited to see and Dianna next week... Wish was coming too :-((((
Megadeth cab for cutie
We have a cd coming out in 11 days. If you want one at a good price then come to our cd release show at on march 30
and are all in #CorvallisOR right now for #CarelessWorldTour at Benton Co Fairgrounds
Nail shop flow
i already know ....
": I know some people are furious with me flooding their timelines up haha whoops!" I don't mind Suga'. Cudi Love!!
#toonarmy here America! #NUFC effing killin' it! Now I need #SportingKC to get the win tonight!
I got a recommendation for Wayfare Tavern on Sacramento street. May be checking it out later.
Beginning Friday, you can get Sauced on Paseo delivered to the comfort of your own home -- we deliver! Give us a shout at 521-9800.
eve is a
In a vast majority of IA's 100 House districts, more than 15% of tax filers claim the federal EITC. The expanded IA EITC would help.
Get It Gone Estate Sales...Dumpster diving since 1981. We dig deep and we ain't no "pickers".
Then hire more people if your system has that many service issues or fix the service issue issue. No brainer.
awesome! Thank you so much =) How have you been?
I love how my best friend forgot about me. Looks like I need a new true friend.
apple should just buy both of them!
I love you, but I'm not going to sit around and wait for you to decide how you feel about me... Find me, when you make up your mind....
Crazy how many zinesters are now either librarians or women's studies professors. Or maybe not so crazy.
Considering that is who isn't even a Democrat and has his own issues.
I'm really loving Michael Young right now, saved the teams ass. Such and intense game!!
Currently listening to: BOBBY SOLOMAN SMITH - Hollywood ( A CLIP)
That was great. Tapped into my sociolinguistic past.
RT : Mixology Molecular Bar = ART + SCIENCE + COCKTAILS
Going to hit up the Y tomorrow, anyone trying to get in a lift tomorrow?
Maywheather vs. Cotto. Who's it gonna be?
DING DING DING rings the dinner bell! Special started at 5pm! Don't forget to order an ice cold beer or carafe of wine w/ dinner!
Great meeting with Jim and Thomas. Looking forward to seeing what new ventures we can accomplish together in LIHTC.
welcome to the world of twitter. I just stole your tweet virginity.
I'm guessing he couldn't hold his own on those rocks.
You haven't tried to get your findings reviewed by any serious institutions and if they were, you were told you've got nothing.
#InstantTurnOn a smart guy
Your's too?! :) RT : My dog's breath smells like the devil's farts.
Love being trapped in a car with my husband for 12 hours!! Oh the stuff you learn!! LoL
But that's the one he hits fair.
Local Gift Baskets and Tins for tea lovers! Stop in for your last minute Holiday Shopping!
one.org says reach is getting easier b/c of tools but (humbly) note there's a lot of room to still build/improve
You're the best at never doing shit
u make me smile :)
awesomeness. can totally relate:)
follow me please :)
Follow he got some interesting tweets that you wouldn't even think of.
Whoever discovered that pig belly was edible deserves a special place in heaven :)
If you plan on doing a Lightning Talk, please come to the Auditorium and sign in between 1:10 & 1:25. Talks start at 1:30 sharp!
A great selection of wines to wind down your day is available Take a bottle home for the night!
the IFO its that big car thing in town that just happened sat ...
BEST of Interop WINNER!!!
Miller lite has punch top cans now
How do you make cleaning the house more fun? By practicing pole dancing with the broom handle of course...
Well both are 3x champs, but DW is quick to point out to all that will listen that he STILL has more wins than Tony...hahaha
Put her head through the headboard again... 3rd one this month
Thank you. Sure, send already a request :)
Margarita time!
this new??
good morning everyone! so excited, I finally got my tax return! they claimed I had an error that wasn't actually an error... grrr
We went 5-1 Sat through Monday.... Who's ready to continue tearing through bowl season and NFL playoffs?
So a right-wing fundamentalist Xtian goes on a shooting rampage in Norway, 92 dead. McVeigh would be proud. Homespun blue-eyed terrorism.
got a 72 on an exam #GPP turns out thats a B+ with the curve
Yikes, may take all day to get caught up on email! COFFEE!!! =)
It's a sin to stick it in and a shame to take it out.
#FF Associate Recruiters
LAUNCHED MY OFFICIAL SITE! www.thecraigschelske.com
World History CST today. Ughh. How do they expect us to remember stuff from 6th and 7th grade?
after the next is flap trust people heard her first and its was not the greatest compare to hardcore
going to 's house then CHURCH!!!!
"The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment." - William A. Ward
dang! & getting a pedicure.(:
Shout out to the designer!!!
Sad :( Didn't get to take a pic with on the plane yesterday :((
Man i need sum pussy now
daww thank you :]
#RandPaul's hairpiece can't get any nastier.
MT : CONFIRMED: hosting 6/30 Great People, #Music,
MIDWEST SWAG IN THE SOUTH 2 TOUR!!!! STARTS NEXT FRIDAY!!!! WHO COMING OUT??? IT'S GON BE A MOVIE...
haha i didnt even completely understand what u said before haha
So you want me to extract the part of your performance from the show and send you the video?
Being a leader
Thanks for following me back. I wish I could sing as well as you do.
Still continually drinking liters of fizzy water even though schooled me in the fact that this behavior could cause cavities.
Oh no! Was just going to ask about him. :(
All the American media seems to do is make everyone out to be a terrorist and they dont seem to have a grip on reality.
Morning coffee with the amazingly talented Always grateful to start the day on a high note!
Give a listen to and you're boredom will be cured, it's free. www.blasesplee.com
definitely interested in this Milwaukee Startup Weekend idea. I'd love more details if it happens!
RT The sight of bins full of "personal watermelons" at my neighborhood grocery store makes me laugh. (I have the same reaction)
RT : Invest in yourself. Take an action outside your comfort zone to move you closer to a goal you are passionate about.
- Good Morning !
so glad you are having fun at your new job! Thanks for the RT & for making the chamber even better!
Being positive doesn't mean ignoring the negative. Being positive means overcoming the negative.
just ate some fishsticks RT if you like fishsticks lol their yummy
me too...I have spotted them three times in Houston!!!
well thank you, although I would not agree
lol!! I was watching that too.
thank you!!! <333
I've been convicted to view my future presentations as what they actually are: performances.
damn skippy! My kinda girl haha.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 28
Quite well, a number of fun folks in town in last night so great to hang out. How about you?
"A true lady doesn't start fights, but sure knows how to finish them."
Hopes are planted in friendship's garden where dreams blossom into priceless treasures.
Just bought you a couple of old cookbooks in the #fgs10 exhibit hall.
Looking forward to your garden information! Be sure and include some specific for the #Clevelnd growing zone!
if you would pick me I would die .
I once tried to have the article deleted, as it seems spurious, but I got trounced by higher ranking Wikipedia editors.
sorry gus ive been grounded...and i will for the next week
nice seeing y'all last night! you guys seriously ROCKED. the summer tour can not come soon enough <3
Yes! I hadn't listened to that one in a while.
Sit in front of large office buildings in lawn chairs, day drinking and making fun of people in suits.
Thomas singing on the phone and ish<<<<>>
Bought pizza and The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
Self-replicating?
RT : #spring2012 graduates Congrats good brothers
Shout out to Lauren Peterson () for doing an amazing job on the violin! #Strut4theHorn!
you'll are so amazingly talented!!! You would male my day if you followed me thanks :)
all 4 1 & 1 4 all RT : no matter how tired & snarky I get I can count on you. thx for putting up w/me
3 bands, line-up is drawn at 8:30, music starts at 9. Every vote counts!
Incredible day at AAUW MKE distributing $38,000 in scholarships, including one to a member
good morning :)
wait till tomorrow. Or the 5 days that follow. weather
I saw a Stop Bullying bracelet at the store n bought it in honor of u. P.s ur such a cutie
They only got 1 superstar left
still loving the demo u gave me bud!
Interested in a follow4follow? Need free promotion? try the site on my profile. Never pay again for promo.
This day jus got slow af
#andypoll Consider volunteering or unpaid internships doing cool stuff.
Thx for stopping by #PizzeriaPiccola on the tour. We're always happy to spark some basil discussion!
Covert communication: teens are texting under the table, in the back seat of the car, etc (making fun of mom or dad)
I've been thinking a lot about this lately. As in, do I want to be watched?
It is a really nice morning. I feel atypically alive and alert. I even made it to the bus stop early. A+++ would wake up again.
Should be minimal. Most browsers load the first format they support & ignore the rest. (The exception is IE 8 and earlier.)
(that was directed at them, not you. Not clear from context, sorry!)
the argument is over the cause not the phenomenon.
I'm already bald!!!
HEY ! can you please wish one of my twitter bestie because today is her birthday and it would totally make her day!
An hour and a half!
RT : "Here's to low expectations up in the balcony!" from may have gotten the biggest cheer all night.
What lure/technique have you yet to learn that you would like to learn?
I would get the stylist to do the color tomorrow, but would do it myself after that. More (cheaper) flexibility.
We should take shots out of a turkey baster
Always the same shit with you -.-
Ima plant as many seeds as i can and see how many flowers grow ...........
What a beautiful service for Whitney Houston... continued prayers for the Houston Family!!!!
Life is the flash in black heavens. HENRI CAZALIS, "Always"
yeah, is he?
Ah home, how I miss thee! RT: : #PURSUIT: #CHP in pursuit of white pick up on WB 105 FWY in #Lynwood. Suspect wanted for....
hot. Where is the sample sale?
follow me back lol
its so funny all of these fake twitter pages with like the fbi and grown men using them with pics of half naked girls on the deafults
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
I got fraped&my account is linked
that's what I'm about to do, wyd today tho?
Hey guys! Do you have a marketing e-mail address I could shoot a note to? Let me know! Thanks :)
My mom is a teacher. For mother’s day I thanked her for ruining the economy. You’re all welcome.
We cancelled our cable yesterday in order to force ourselves to watch more movies. They show The Office at sports bars, right?
I told him to get me one of those hot grace girls lol we'll see how good he helps a brother out tmrw
following you back right now! Sorry for the wait <3
Its my birthday, how about a lil love?
'Preciate the kind words, Josh. You'll have to come out for a visit!
Which car/where did you reserve? I just got an email about my reservation being switch because of unforeseen circumstances.
ok cool
hey cousin yes he's my favorite dj, his name is amon tobin, amazing music producer, listen to the song lost and found :D
WA state is a top destination for #forcedlabor and sex #trafficking. New #legislation going into effect TODAY to strengthen state efforts!
<3 Happy Mother's Day!! <3
You say you get 'bitches'? Have you seen your face in a mirror?
"Nicholls goaded into a display of manhood, seizes her fiercely by the arms."- THE STRAW
All storyline. Just a dumb one that's all
I always wanted to go on Supermarket Sweep. And Wheel of Fortune. And be a fly girl on In Living Color.
Paychk & prpty value down, health ins, buying power, ed & health care, reduced - Taxes ^,- Quality of life from a lifetime of working hard?
I think that would be awesome... a 140-char summary would be more useful than the sometimes clunky UPenn RSS feed
f Chelsea She deserves a little ridicule
Welcome to #Twitter!
I'm a HUGE SJ Sharks fan!! Coolest pumpkin ever!
this is classic.
“: Oklahoma will not tolerate anyone taking a bite out of another’s hamburger. (Oklahoma)” I think that's pretty reasonable...
Can't wait to be DONE done.
Sometimes I forget how consistently good Bone Thugs-n-Harmony was back in the day. The last couple of days, I've been remembering...
If it's war, I choose foursquare. But in times of peace, I'd just like to see more people using
Happy Birthday, Allie!! RT : Thank you and for the cookie dough brownie birthday treats!
Karma for censoring?
banking. It would be easier to reinstate while you figure out how to abolish or nationalize the fed. Ron Paul would agree
it's my lucky day!!! Thanks for the follow JLH!
LOL that be the best!!!! We could make such a bad ass team!
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him, they don't like him. ~ Marlene Dietrich
Wishing everyone a great 2010. Looking forward to everything to come this year.
thank you! thank you, Ericca!
Oo mama mama mama I just shot a man down .
Newark students, parents, educators take note: all libraries will be closed 8/22-9/5 for furloughs
they have good prices
HEY EVERYBODY!! MY Kickstarter Campaign Starts TODAY!!! Wait for it...wait for it!
Freshman are so stupid.... I go into the freshman bathroom and sone dudes smoking a cigarette. Come on dude. Really.
Time to get to this paper......
Thanks for following back. Look forward to getting to know you! Matthew
Hash is here!!!
The new cold play album is ridiculously good!
nyt and cnn polls also show all GOP cand net overall, & I wrote about it on pollster this week. People don't like these guys!
#titanic anniversary & #nkorea birthday remembrance-100 years ago events that have impacted world-N Korea impacting millions more w darkness
Nah! My DNA covers the globe...and the bathtub...
Ok Current, we are officially on a break. Love 105, it's you and me for a while- HEY don't judge me!
Every Damn Day . Just Do It : )
hahah bitch I stretch al the time lol and at mt pleasant
DUB THESE SCRUBS!!
GSM tx can cause buzzing in pilot headphones, CDMA tx can actually interfere with approach calculation equipment.
wanna get fit at results, then eat frozenyo for dinner?
I dnt have anything to do...
Dang. Sometimes I forget how much I love "The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill." And then I listen to it again. And again.
LOL - Steve Jobs' text was meant to say: "I reign as CEO of Apple" Damn you autocorrect!" RT
sowwyyyy. you still have a week for that book though!
Just saw an F-150 with truck nuts and a chrome dick on the front, so yeah that guy was diddled as a child
Crazy night!RT : Bout to go check my niggas & out at Rio! Roc
#KKN was off the chain.
I love your attitude! I look forward to continue talking football with you!
that all you got? Better get ready to ice your chin, cause I'm gonna split some hairs with a kick to your junk mail! Oh!
day 2 in the can! Bring on
have you ever seen the vestibule episode? they bought a house in a crappy neighborhood because it had a... VESTIBULE. Logic?
It'll be interesting to see whether or not Bo Ryan sends anyone to the offensive glass against Syracuse tonight. Major key to the game.
Surprising that #UWRightNow isn't trending internationally yet. But I guess there's still hours to go.
sorry, we were closed yesterday...but it's probably going on the menu
Don't ever let fear keep you from taking small steps in your development, you never know where they might lead you. JCM
Turned it on but don't know anything about soccer. How big of an upset would this be?
Congrats! Send us your mailing address at for your box of complimentary Lichi Chews
#betakitchen Sold out! Thanks everybody and see you soon!
The #Nats are now 7-0 in low-score games.
new mixtape on the way "Lil Dynamo Presents: Bomb Music Vol. 1"
take on the Rangers in game 7. Full sound After work drinks from 4-7. 5$ selected pints.
You like to put peanut butter on ladies?
Yeah I know these things!
#aimeeraupp Confidence feels like you finally are yourself. One gives permission to be her own self. I think it takes time 2 learn this.
I've spent way too much of my life trying to figure out how those little gears give that car enough power to fly.
Make sure to join us for our $50 Turbo Colossal Knockout tourney at 3pm!
And then Max said 'Be Still!' RIP Maurice Sendak.
Thanks so much! You're the best. :)
how is your new job?
tickets for May show in DC sold out. Pish posh.
hi jimmy
true..I didn't realize how much I was eating each meal!
"Solid" facts: Did you know that Lauren Bacall named them the Rat Pack? And that she was the group's original den mother?
"married? oh you mean those people I'm with?" Clark Griswald,
lol I know right...
Thank you, sir. It's some rather cool stuff we're working on.
That was classic.
the worst.....the absolute worst.
hey all my tweeters out there just got done doing a remix cover for the song super bass by nicki minaj please support n check it out!
Hospitality tent! RT : i feel like i'm watching the 18th at Winged Foot all over again...
you're back in the US?! :)
Its tearing up my heart when I'm with you
yes it is! It's taking me forever to get from NC to AL too!
On the way to the store who need sum?
is your stick good? Button? We will be starting next Monday with the weekly stream
I knew u were gonna say that before I even got the tweet! Lmaoo! U better stop cus u know he has that xray vision
Make sure to take advantage of 20% off gift cards in any amount. Now through March 31st 2011!! It will be spring before you know it!!
If you double text me,
Red Box doesn't have the movie I want on Blu-Ray so I have to get it on DVD.
OH: I play with my hair like does
I was just using manly words but your brain didn't get that, obviously ;) <U+2665>
good baby
Starting on January 1st, our new Sunday operating hours will be 4-9pm. Wishing you the Happiest of Holidays!
thanks for the
Yes please!
Come to my pool, it's very shallow. I'm sure you'll fit right in.
Sweet! Pitt is offering some classes in embedded librarianship and other stuff this summer.
Google+ is pretty cool
So happy for all the newly #engaged can't wait to hear about all of your #wedding ideas!!!!
23 more days of school!!! (: Just kidding I have summer health for 2 weeks:(
sorry I missed your tweet!
yeah. I might let mine die too. Oops.
Dinner's on me.
your son and I are leafing lubb right now. And your hashtags made me laugh really hard
Good morning people .
Also, I don't think that "serendipity" means what location marketers think it does.
Its really fratty to rev your engine on greek row
Was that laptop on the Nuggets sideline against the Lakers actually Birdman's? Was he looking at the "other" Laker "girls"?!
frantically listening to/memorizing all of 's songs to prepare for the concert TOMORROW! <3
can you guys stfu about jelena and think about the tour dates that are coming out NEXT WEEK.
naw ... Didn't fit the budget this year.
#that_moment_when in class you and your crush meet eyes <U+E327><U+E327><U+E327>
Moya's my last name lol. But hi :)
#PeopleNeedToStop emailing me things that have to get done today when I'm home sick from work.
Excited for the #Pinkberry grand opening at their new store in - stop by for a free sample from 5-8 tonight!
had a little trouble posting to twitter on the bb5 version
in literally tired of all this. I can't even think what'll happen.
Great news re Jamie Bamber new series alert, & photo. Looking forward to Monday Mornings on TV.
I'm a bitch, deal with it
Oh yeah I mailed those bieber lp's to you last week!!!Not a belieber anymore!!!The 5 Twinks are my band!! ;)
& my 50th tweet goes out to my followers & supporters!
2008 white colbalt for sale... Any takers?
We hear you !
Please post a review after!
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other. Walter Elliot
Which Frequently Undead Movie Actress Is Vamping It Up in a N églig ée? Look: Fashion isn 't just an art. It 's a science. Sometimes it
Looking for writers to contribute to our upcoming issues & website! Anyone interested should email
Rumors and peeps !
Hats off to the President again for taking care of business! We're serious. Freedom love Peace for the world.
our fattest president on record!! lol
Do you hear much anger there, either way?
I love her little legs, but they are problematic for resin casting. It was a good first piece to learn from. :)
Help get her followers up! Super social media user
ADDICTED TO PINTEREST
ElkY picks-up 4th EPT High-Roller title in Berlin
Car companies have taken over roads from people- even getting jaywalking enforced.
i've never been so confused...wtf am i doing
Maz's HR was not only a game walk off, but a season walk off.
It turns out having some idea of what you want to do, then doing it, is far more effective than trying to work out every detail beforehand.
It's grandpa time!
Currently seeking Outstanding Human Resource Generalist with retail experience in Dallas, TX & Oklahoma City, OK if you're that outstanding…
Them Mexicans were like "YOU WANNA WORK HERE, BEAUTIFUL??? HERE HAVE AN APPLICATION!" calm yo thirsty asses down..I just wanted a taco.
Oh well !
The gender identity law won congressional approval with a 55-0 Senate vote Wednesday night
#FF #Business Clubs
Even being a Yankee fan that no no Houston threw didnt sting as bad as if one pitcher would have thrown it
what am I suppose to do?
Some men ARE delicious international treats.
Funny or Die West Wing reunion: if I didn't understand what Emotions were before, I do now.
break out the rain gear and let's go fishin
hey can't wait until you call me
#Poke is fish cut into small squares mixed with an eclectic blend of sauces and seasonings served #raw! We serve it over
Not sure which is going to piss me off more: Ben picking Courtney or Courtney being paid to fake she was picked
Yeah, i tried to text you back but my phone has been goofy. They look awesome!
Boomer Travel Tip: Mar. 19th ~ When sleeping on trains, fasten your bag to the seat or to yourself; or use it as a pillow or footrest.
lol my mom would never let me skip school to go to Dollywood
Blake all these people are stupid. In the history of film making has there every been a movie based on a book? NO! Dummies
im good. You comin through this weekend?
Question: Do people who were into Game of Thrones (the books) - b4 it was HBO cool - resent those of us who jumped on the bandwagon?
military men <3.. theres just something about that uniform that says alot.
Five ways to give Chicagoans the food trucks they deserve
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "So addictive!!" by Erin
just the way we like it!
is so disappointing. Put in an online order, they promise free shipping, but didn't apply to my order. Thanks for nothing.
The awkward moment in class when everybody is quiet and your friend and you are the only one's talking."
Wrote my meanest/longest yelp review today. It actually made me feel better, lol.
I'm saying this whole family picture trend on train track is just odd!
Blue is truly your color! Such a Beautiful & Fierce Diva!
Lmfao, some bitch out here is fighting with her man iva a pilloww ...
I feel like my life is one big cycle of drinking, hangovers, anxiety and drinking to cure the anxiety
Two more days till I'm an official #SDSUGrad! Family comes tomorrow and the celebration begins! Congrats class of 2011
Thanks for the follow! It was great to host you at ASI2010 and will be thinking of you at
When are you announcing the Lumia 900 winners?
lol. Good luck.
Ugh, true, shame shame... “: Can't feel like King Kong "spilling the beans" tho homie! LoL #ijs”
Movie recommendation of the night is Kristie Swanson in "Buffy the Vampire Slayer"
PLZ Share & RT: Get $1.00 for every referral you signup under you for the month of October, see Site News section for full details -
Happy Birthday !
Going to bed maybe I will dream of something nice
I buy ur food and drinks then you bail out. See if I invite you out anymore.
Morning hun, how's your day thus far?
Evening lovelies. Kind of a blah day. I hope you're all well.
Someone tell this boy that there never was a gift so he can stop crying about it.
For some reason, I got a free copy of LATINA magazine in the mail
I'd be terrified, keep safe man
": ~<U+2665>~No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. ~ Aesop #quote"
It's really pointless w hyperconservative tenors I might have 2 work with again. (Stereotype, most conserv. singers I know R.)
you better sedtl downRT : It's Friday, u ain't got no job, imma get u high! Ok I've got a job I'm drinking a
same here bro I feel you...
“: Celebs near us -- Lil Wayne and AC Slater” That's close, Hoch....but keep a lookout for Zach Morris!
Just cranked out two more bangers. On a roll this week.
*IPhone falls to da floor* Breaks screen... *Android falls to da floor* Breaks floor...
NICE PIC!! when r u gonna introduce me 2 mom ? Lol
Pickup Line: True, there are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back at my place.
+ engaging author talk with Daniel H. Wilson, Robopocalypse author, great storyteller. Minus - only 14 people in room, despite promo. :-/
I've been trying to watch Marvin Gaye documentary for nearly a week now to no avail. All bad.....lol
are you interested in getting a table on the main stage during EDC? Lmk and I'll tell you who to call
My 6yr old son just explained a solar storm to me as we were looking through a book of natural wonders. WOW!
I feel dead today
If you are in the Los Angeles areas and you are running into computer or mobile device issues call us today @ (213) 986-5722 here to HELP.
coo i'll be listening well im at the gym, and thanks again for those nuggets tickets!
followed.(: thanks for following<3
Listening to some great tunes on
Whats goo!!!!!! Tex coming out Feb 2012! "Sprinkle of Greatness!" Merry Christmas everybody!
Thank you, that is helping me calm down.
MKG with a quad injury. I am distracted and blame Louisville. Will take my fury out on the city in a bit.
hey thanks for posting that great photo of you and Lacrasia Gloves. Wish I were there. Will post on our blog.Wegloveyou.
I get irritated real quick
well here's whatca gotta do..... Call ghostbusters.
i'm swell, are you in another continent still?
What is the best book on Branding? The Brand Gap by Marty Neumeier is a fave of mine.
I want that.
Nationwide 40% of students that take organic chemistry drop it and change their career path.
Coupon Alert: Free Coffee with $5 purchase in Elat Pastry Cafe (page 21)
lost 14lbs in 4 weeks. Things are looking up! Thx to you for your encouragement to see a naturopath!
practicing what we preach ... we're making a few changes based on usability testing :)
haha i have never really midnight snacked, but yes it's good to keep a regular lifestyle : )
N this rain comin this nap bout to b good
That was Mackenzie! Or did you look at mine too?
if I may, I'd like to second that. Amazing talent.
Oh joy. Green vegetable juice for dinner.
Acuestate Ya Sylvia! Lol.. Hope you're keeping up! Mariano's for refill tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
M.... Sleep is good.
perfect view of the shuttle from headquarters out our wall of windows!
- I only like when blows his pipes
You already know!
for sure man!
I'll be rocking a backwards denim baseball cap this week. No big deal. Man, I love #theatre .
I'm pretty new to TWITTER - What's the deal with all this PORN spam....geeze...... ENOUGH ALREADY!
*big smiles* to everyone :D ^_^
Entertainment Tonight called the Italian cruise ship a "real-life" Titanic, cuz it was just like the movie but it HAPPENED IN REAL LIFE.
love it
Dont those ever fall down?
Leave Quickie out of it. ;)
many blessings on you today, and always..
Do you think there's a rehab for tweet addicts?
Sadly, yes! RT : Did you see the snow, Boone County?
And I'm telling everyone here that the brewers kick ass. Everyone.
That's a good thing!
#nowplaying apocalyptica s.o.s <3 go in infect me, go on and scare me to death
#LetGoTo2015 Right Now
Jeremy Lin said that some have started a rumor that he and Kim Kardashian now have a thing with each other. Watch out for the women.
looking for an ALL-INCLUSIVE new years eve event ?! is SOLD OUT but there are a FEW tickets for w. hotel deals !!
At The Guardian setting up for #apihackathon today with
#Payphone is a GREAT song(: <3
Seriously in the best mood I've been in all week.
woah, that's SO fun. :( Whatcha studying for?
Natasha with lead, Gwar struggling to break the wall of purple
Congratulations (yes, I know this is late, just saw avatar) What a cute baby and she's got a stocking cap like Michael Nesmith!
he gets excited when he uses his calculator...lol nerdy but totally adorable :)
thinks that the toothbrush was invented in the South, otherwise it would have been called the teethbrush.
Is it just me or is #Facebook having issues right now?
spending my day in pjs! Pretty much the poor womans yoga pants, but still.
If you are following me and I'm not following back let me know so I can fix it...love you all :-)
Well, after a day-time movie, you can come by for 50%off sushi or take 40%off sushi home.
Fight on monday! I think yeds
According to Siracha Hot Chili Sauce, the translation to Spanish for "hot dog" is "Perros calientes".
sweet customer/librarian moment today when both of us were SO pleased to find a copy of One Was a Soldier by ON THE SHELF!
i bet that guy is you. And i need that kinda guy (; <3
Where's all my #teamfollowback peeps
I want cupcakes
I don't hit women, but Wasserman-Schultz is up for debate. I don't know if IT counts.
I recommend !
hey! thank you for the follow! make sure to "like" us on facebook and listen to our new song Stage 5!
I dont :) i simply like your tweets
Premier League lacks the crashes, but has more drama to boot (pardon the pun)!! What an incredible finish! Congrats to City!!
oh I guess then have fun seeing jacuzzi boys
Hi! please tell me how I go about receiving a pair of your wonderful eyewear. Send me a direct message. TY
2/2to get the car and then High tail it to Southport and we made it to his game 10mins before it started
Up this morning thanking God for another day to fight the devil for souls and to fight for FREEDOM !!
plus I don't know that there was much boiling back in the day. Water was a scarce resource.
thanks T!
Just had the best nap EVER, but woke up to some bull shit!
way to go on the Kentucky offer. Hope you had a good time in Kentucky this weekend. Glad you got home safe
That feeling you get when you take your shoes off after a long day of kissing up to old people.. o.o
Niall is perfection.
morning princess! Lmk about today<U+263A>
wats up twitter
INVEST IN YOUR FUTURE! Full Circle Scholarship Apps for 2012-13 are open Jan1. collegefund.org/scholarships
I'm about to throw a #supermoon party, only it might just look like I'm walking my dog around the block.
Sending a special happy birthday wish to !
didn't finish my last twt, that song reminds me of what you said about all of us being messed up in need of redemption, blessings
MOM: Do u keep your room dirty on purpose. ME:No mother, I keep my room messy so that if someone tries to kill me they'll trip over and die.
yes we do , i want a penut butter & jelly sandwich know ! M with a glass of milk .
go get 'em!
Excited! Only 4 days left until launch of The Last Romanov. Barnes and Noble the Grove!
RFMK trying to run, lots of resistance, still watching....
GDC memories - there were so few women at my first GDC that whenever there was one other in the room we felt obliged to introduce ourselves
Half Price Wine tonight at Fresh for Steak Night! Rezzies are suggested, come check it out
#Spokenword #poets & #karaoke lovers - Amateur and pros - Come show off on THUR 7pm to 10pm. Karaoke/Spoken Word Open Mic!
Whoa. Survive and advance indeed. Great basketball game. Hope Cuse got at least 1 mo in em. Go Cincy.
Show this Sunday at the Social - 1030pm Loft Youve been warned.
Team No Sleep : )
Why do some men lie to a good women?
#nehvectors Levander et al's design of the OAAP could take much richer advantage of space-time keyword indexing.
Lolz so it was a one time thing :)
NEW ALBUM COMING SOON MY THIRD INDEPENDENT JOINT THIS ISGONNA THE MOST EMOTIONAL ONE EVER
I'm starting to get tired of the word "attention" forreal .
i heard their set at the WMC. It's gonna be a lot of fun tonight
my brothers alive!
What up Fool
yeah it looks good. lets see if the actor playing the part can pull off a great job like Tobey did.
I love how I'm watching basketball (naturally) & you're over there watching the bachelorette bahaha roles are reversed
Ohh, loll. Nahh, I'm all good
Hey CG lacrosse guys can't make it to Fazoli's sorry so you gonna have to find another ride if you were plannin on commin with me! #Sorry!
Deciding which songs to play...
He is a nice guy.....recently retired from the Revisor's office
- did u really just put me in the same category as ? So not worthy! Thanks though!
Its been fun watching you play. Good luck in what I hope is a long and successful NFL career. Hope you land with the Chargers!
When a craving strikes, find something to keep yourself busy and occupy your mind.
:-) Huge congratulations and all best wishes to you and !
probably mall && movies
*Parking tix leak aside* I like 's feisty media criticism tweets. Better punchy PR than opaque-- I welcome his wry ire.
Gotta 100 moved 100 that was this week
Right now: Pressible publishing workshop w , 2nd floor Gottesman Libraries, come by to learn more
Oh, right - it's September already. I like you, September. You have all the promise of New Year's Eve - but no pressure, and better weather.
I would hate to b on probation!
at least you know your place now. Glad that's over with...
hope you watched our fav scientist kick ass on
Hadd An Amazing Night With My Boyfriend at the Carnival <3
yea bro had to do it lol
The kids like sushi? Sophisticated!
My tummy still feels weird when I look at it....and not in the "good" way.
yeah it is! Thats why this is definitely the best city to live in
Why do will still consider summer teams "AAU teams"? Most teams don't even attempt 2 play n AAU sanctioned events.
kmsl I'm not about to play wit u
If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive today, what would he be tweeting?
Drawback of my new work-from-home status: buying my own coffee LIKE A SUCKER.
If they order from where?
Tonight as you close your eyes, visualize your dreams. Take that with you into your sleep and into tomorrow reality.
aw, :l probably cause of the distance between us ..
And if you live in the 13th district...Write In Sneed!
I would rather watch a fuzzy black-and-white floor-model TV on MUTE than listen to C. Webb "color-commentate" another game. Smh.
What a pleasure to meet in EmBo. today in an amazing color-blocked outfit! Lora, LMK if you're interested in the Sno-Bob!
I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen. -Frank Lloyd Wright
#MARTA considering raising the price of a one-way fare from $2 to $2.50
babies look so cute in tuxes! x)
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.<3(:
NEW MEXICO GUNS WISHING EVERY DAD OUT THERE A SAFE AND HAPPY FATHER'S DAY!
yea but it was worth it x)
Happy #travel & #tourism week!
im using my heart less :) No feelings whats so ever :)
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed!
wow bulls are booty lol
#angola known as a maroon community - maroon is anglicized spanish word cimarone - loosely runaways, wild ones-many other refs, however.
Pacers win !
A4 embed a fail fast (and cheaply) concept testing methodology
True story. Not being funny. This dude downtown was cussing people out in r&b sing song.
Why would the Bucks trade away? Salmons and Jimmer? RT : Hey #Bucks - it's OK to take Jon Leuer from Wisconsin!
#chiodos gets Craig back and it trends on Twitter. Never would have imagined. Can't wait.
As a CU fan I dreaded you come up as our opponent. I respect you as a player and a man. Best of luck.
Manuel to Dubee: "Uh, you can go get him now."
Remember that secret we have? All will be revealed this afternoon so go LIKE our new Fun 4th page www.facebook.com/fun4thgso & stay tuned!
oh pudding MREs? More sugar in those than an entire candy store. Prefer no insulin shots when I reach 50. :-p
Jacksonville is full of victs
NLCS game 1 win in the books. Ready for game 2 tomorrow. 49ers demolish the Bucs. What a great Sunday!
RT : Pro tip: Shoe leather is actually still useful when your job is technically more PR than journalism.
yes we have to see the #SexyBabyMovie !! I want everyone with a young daughter to see this too!!
you can keep your voodoo lady dreams to yourself. My womb is fine. Hope you aren't just projecting!!!
I hate that there is a tweet limit Cu's I love to follow every one back
Do you have a fav Vegan Recipe to share for Meatless Mondays? Send it to us at and we will share the best ones with everyone!
Free Trivia & Comedy night! Tickets still available! Call 888.643.8669
me too . We would be out right now foo .
It's mostly annoying… “: I think should be proud that all of our competitors look exactly like us”
That is incredibly brilliant. Kudos to whoever came up with it!
- fail small and share it so we can learn
Semantic web concept is not new, but with Siri/Speaktoit I'm grappling w/ what auto-response means for thinking, writing, communicating
If man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him. An investment in knowledge always pays best interest. -B.Franklin
Thanks for the s/o rt
Twinkle, Twinkle little whore, your at school not jersey shore... :)
just showing love
Storrrow drive u suck. I need a motorcycle
saw you at ICON friday, dont know why i didnt say anything, i was nervous lol:$
Stay tuned next week for locusts and black holes.
You miss me, don't you? I'm like a bad case of the clap.
your colts officially have a qb now sir, hope he is as good as the last.
JOIN ME TONIGHT T 9:15 PM WITH RUPIE T ON 96.7 FM JAMMINZ RADIO (NEW JERSEY) OR LOG ON TO WWW.JAMMINZRADIO.COM
Four major road projects underway in Lake Forest - OCRegister
Just Lyrics Open Mic and Poetry Jam tonight 7 to 10 pm.
I am headed to London for the first time ever in March :) I want to feel like a local! Where should I go?
Lordy- what a long day. Not over yet, TFW meeting in 5 minutes. Thank goodness most of my spring line is finished!
If the McDonald brothers didn't spend the last few years of their lives in soul-sucking regret for what they did there is no worldly justice
I hate hw!
Panelists say their news orgs produce distinct content by focusing on what THEIR readers want & seek. (I want more on this.)
What would it take for today to be the best day of your life to date?
the both of us are so college. I got in at 530
We can only hope!
It's not that I don't want you around, it's just that I do better off on my own
needs 2 come wit me 2 karaoke so he can see these ppl who try 2 do his songs & butcher them
Yeah LAMBAEU keep booing Favre...You gonna do that when he's gets inducted in the Hall as a Packer?
i dont think im gonna make it on time );
I'm going with the Castro of Sci Fi
she's never sarcastic
Some people need to get a sense of humor! I have epilepsy and thought your seizure comment was funny! Love your tweets!
You bet. And yes, life is a picnic, only if you treat it that way positively of course. Killer!
Thoughts are in the air... #Music time!! :) <3
and we're so glad you do!
": Found out that became a follower of me. THEY. ARE. AWESOME. Day made." Lol you are awesome!!!
I couldn't even tell you what might jeans are. I usually get clothes like that from Macy's or Von Maur.
no true feminist would commit a logical fallacy!
It's a great day to be a #Blazers fan again!
Mom knows what I like before races. Before big meets in high school? PASTA. Before races now? PASTA. :) :)
he is, he needs help
Give yourself permission to be successful!
“: tell ya stepmom to chill out! lmao ”lol that's yo momma
Digital Futures Forum about to start. Good stuff!
"You're a single mom, and that's exactly what I'm looking for." - creepy dude on the Bachelorette
How many cell phones does it take...? MT In 1973, researcher Martin Cooper makes world's 1st cell phone call.
ha I thought they came from the Roxy Music archive before I saw the pics: "this brave new world's not like yesterday"
Ok, it is finally Friday, here goes my last work day of the week!! Here goes for day 7 of 7 of my work week. AHH
Out enjoying this beautiful Chicago weather!! RT if you feel the same!
It's not even eight and I'm already having a bad day.
YOU GUYS DON'T UNDERSTAND
done and done! RT me of course!
Madison police urge protesters to keep exercising democracy peacefully after Senate actions "changed the tone," increased tensions
Ever since summer 2010, whenever I eat crunchy foods and I hear a loud *pop* I have a mini-heart attack and run my tongue over my teeth.
Wishart chloe moretz and Mo0se ouTlaw are fakes chloe does not live in canada it says chloe lives in united states
All A's and 2 polka dots (B's)
Screw the M-track!
THAT'S how our do it!! They BEAT THE HEAT! Proud of you.
Oh yeah. Will & Enrique are great friends, in hell. ???
The wind is like the air, only pushier.
...because I couldn't do it when I first started and now I can!
YES! :-) RT In the sequel Myrna Loy and the ghost of Bill Powell investigate the accident.
RT : Thought ¡Noche Latina! by was enjoyable. Some familiar elements but I thought the world premiere of La Ofrenda...
why do house music producers/artists/labels *not* make there stuff available via itunes, amazon, etc... why tracsource..?
idk lol she'd either be rooming by herself or with someone she don't know lol
the weekend is almost here !!!!!!
#HighBloodPressure Exercise a 'Wonder Drug ' for Cancer Survival Exercise a 'Wonder Drug ' for Cancer Survival
Nothing better than thunderstorms<3
Musical break, 4 measures.
11 days of school left omfg kill me now
Great times interviewing at Fest in Check out our exclusive Q&A w/ DJ Diwon tomorrow
Eli is singing to me in Hebrew and I can't understand a word he is saying....
How much of my day is lost while swearing at a browser that won't load?
new year big shit
Ah finally the sun has come out in La Jolla. DMIT headquarters just got much brighter!
Must stop brain from think of work on day off.
I'm a serial deleter...so I have used that line A LOT!
#EmmaStone is a giant!
Especially cause I spent my day with my boyfriend. <3
I am the author of my own life....I have decided to write a sad tragedy of countless failures.
Dude, they updated it so the guys are "grunting" and all... hahaha. Sounds pretty uh... Different. xD
Love the sound of spring rain on the roof!
thanks for the support coach!
good morning! have a great pre-friday!
I'm surprisingly used to the word y'all now from hanging out with and
The painful silences in the audio as Mike Daisy pauses over the horror of his lies are more brutal.
I'm so horny right now...
As Republicans & Democrats stand poles apart on the debt ceiling, the only place they could ever meet halfway is -- the Earth's molten core.
z,,, snort...huh?? Oh man I've been asleep for a while! Time to WAKE UP AMR HEART FILMS!
not sure if I can share who we're considering yet, but our LMS is Sakai. Been working on heavy library integration this past year.
there is still space left in the current class!! where did you hear it was full???
RT : Hoping for good crowd at tomorrow's #HITsm chat 12-1 EST. We'll be talking disruptive innovation, Facebook, startups + more!
High school doesn't end after graduation. It teaches you what to expect from adults.
hmm I'll have to try that
No I do not have instagram but I think I did see a photo there taken 3 days ago tonight he is at emory 4 commencement
USA can still win.
to make it eligible for Cannes it has to say fini at the end.
I was just reading about that. So, SO sad. Especially when it's right outside of a school.
Looks like it's going to rain soon..
Let's go Philadelphia beat the Bulls
And just to clarify, having bubbles at your nuptials and having a bubble machine is totally different.
oh....that. hahaha
Wrapping presents and listening to Christmas music :]
Counterfeiting and intellectual property theft are seriously undermining U.S. business and innovation.
Actually to take Bill out was the biggest mistake ! Giving women the #No. Taken the bros out gave them everything .
love you. My asshole sister screwed the connection up so I have to wait until I'm in wifi tomorrow to use da laptop
#Rollingpapers = Highly disappointing
People in Memphis say Milwaukee funny.
Say Word ?
yah. I've got more support than most.
weelp, it'd be a good idea to weear clothes XD
Thank you.
When will you be done for the summer? We need to
I saw tonight lol ...m, mm, mm. Lord have mercy lol
At home writing a grant proposal for work.
Tupac at Coachella - pretty darn cool!
Put me in the front seat wit him I bet I whup his ass lmao
you should know that I now sit in the dark even when you're not here.
Ok, its official!! Check out my new website www.tamikaparrish.com and my blog. Let me know what cha think!!
Just woke up , now time to clean (;
congrats to editors & beautiful work!
Market on the Move - Tucson Citizen Market on the Move Tucson Citizen by Molly Thrasher on Jan. 23, 2012, under Deals, Local Eats A new k
Subscribed to "Straight from the Leaf," thanks for the #mystic_tip! LOL
are you saying your personality is below the belt? Can be a + or a - , depending
We have a theater! 609 E Washington Ave!
My mantra as principal when leading my teachers and staff: "Cherish the person; challenge the employee." Good mantra for all leaders
Mal Ya :D
Baby girl, don't you think this was a complete sellout for them?
#Imagine You: "Would you change anything about me?" Austin: "Yep." You: "What? :O" Justin: "Your last name. ;)" <3
Mr.D's is offering great discounts on interior and exterior painting for the holidays. Call us to schedule a free estimate 619-562-5848
oh pop in my pie!!..The Help got robbed!..Artist gets the
Cast your burden upon the burden bearer. Life is to hard for us to try to take it on by ourselves.
you misspelled perfectly*
It's my mom's birthday today. I'm heading North for a surprise birthday visit.
Listen, not that I watch Chelsea lately, but this shit is cracking me up...but, then again, vagina talk...or Nugentspeak always makes me lol
My daughter is the one getting acting training & i'm the one "acting" like i'm not EXHAUSTED... :)
Prom dress? Check! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Life is strange..
We are back after our long New Year's weekend. Wishing all of you a happy and successful 2012!
Fear lives in your mind, but only if you let it.
"let's go back in recap" Close 100% of the time.
not as much as Miley? ;)
last longer with RT is usually +EV
Aaahhh, what a great feeling! Did a phenom bi/tri workout, then sat in the spa for a while. Nite, nite! MMA tomorrow!!!
I'm good what's up
On the road again
Hey see ya tonight! You going early or later?
Appalachian Granny is baking fresh heat & serve Cinnamon Rolls on-site at Acme! Order NOW for the Holidays! 614-732-2803
LMAO Well, then I'll have a happy husband!
Dirty water.
Myspace is f'n up hardcore today...
Wait we'd run outta bacon.... And pigs
You should have joined us. Invitations are formalities esp when world domination is topic. Next time.
Personally, I'd love to read that thesis.
That was a nice little nap. I wish it could have lasted a couple of days.
What goal should the Spurs have to hit to win tacos for the fans? Golden St gives away food for 100 pts
Just got out of Think Like A Man! Super funny, entertaining, and mmmmmhmmm' truth!
Fear is the darkroom where negatives are developed.
I <3 Sandman!
Are you going to be updating more regularly now? Jamie Lee Curtis would approve.
I don't know if I can let this one go. He explicitly said not to. Repeatedly. Maybe you need some ginseng?
He does have a point...
Happy Mother's Day
Gambling, entertainment complex gets the cold shoulder
I said "I have strong sperm" like five times on stage last night. My TV set is really coming together.
Great win this morning.
Congratulations to Jason Sudeikis on winning the MTV Movie Award
9% fed sales tax on top of say, 8.5% state sales tax will definitely make people buy more shit & stimulate the economy. #999 #crack co
can you do me a favor??(:
Zite's "Entrepreneur" section should be renamed "Narcissists and Sociopaths."
Off to my miles davis class with elle varner's refill stuck in my head.Lol should be a fun class..#Thinkinboutyou..you know know know ;)
To accomplish great things, we must not only dream, but act; not only plan, but also believe. Do not stop for obstacles, but overcome!
How Do Some Ppl Have The Courage To Disrespect Their Mum/Dad If I Ever Tried That On My Mum, Jheez! I Woulda Been Cussed Differently &More.
naw. I'm bout to dm u my work cell
oh hai girl. (;
He whose hand is clasped in friendship cannot throw mud.
Anything you can wear, I can wear better. In what you wear, I'd look better than you.
I think he saw you coming at him, (seemingly) thumping the New Testament, and he got uncooperative.
Something's amiss
I like this :)
hey(: how was your day?
Here's to a great year !
Really? Eatonville SD 2 Hours late, buses on snow routes, no AM Preschool
New Book Release!(I designed the Cover) Available on Kindle!Power Plug-In by Gordon Ettie.Clr and Black & White publications available soon!
there are a lot of wrong ways to steer this.
I want a Sit-n-Spin again!
nothing wrong with that as long as it isn't actually wasted an is fulfilled later ;)
"Wow, Ped. Pal "Polar Bear Smooches" Mind blowing, foot tingling, morning eye opener, refreshing,..Shower Scrubb... So CHILLY
RT Question; What do you love most about the season of life you currently are in? And do you know where you want to go next?
Gym, gonna kill it
Cannot wait to meet you...we have a ton of great summer programs and would love you to stop by!
It is fun to have a personal friend on Twitter rather than all my celebrity friends! #anyruns?
your first follower! =P #followback? I will get you lots of followers. Vc é brasileira?
want it tonite?
I just realized that for your location it says Los angelos hm. Lol
Trent Richardson fumbled twice on 2 hand offs from Weeden. Twice. In practice. Lol
great catching up with you! Have a great rest of #vsnam12 !
About to go ball out!
its time to put some cuffs up on yo girl
Thank you God for 35 years!
Puffin on strong!
Sent 3 texts yesterday. Still haven't got a response
Thanks for the follow We hope you dig all the awesomeness we have planned for 2012.
First good grade in math all year
As far as I know no one has installed Refine on an iPad but you can use Refine on an iPad if its running on another machine.
shoot, u lucky to get notifications sent to ur phone cause I miss having that on my phone lol. Ur phone actin up tho
Thanks for the RT, Elizabeth!
Lmbo... she said, hey babe. He said, wats good niqqa.
Hoping that reveals more in it's PR about how/when the Twitter archive will be available..
ewww :x lol please don't!
Was… it you?
Dont make no sense how hot it is...
looks like February and gonna be at Meadow Muffins bro, more than likely on Weds
My dad tells me to get ready by 3. It's about to be 4:30 and he's still not here...wtf?! I want to go to the pool!
just had a roadblock...
via : French prez Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin <U+25B8> Qui fulguratus est,, audiat… I'm with Julius Obsequens.
Ha! My parents didn't take us swimming for years after Jaws was released.
God loves you,,
GET MARRIED, AND HAVE HIS CHILDREN. JUST PLEASE.
at Organic Avenue and this dessert is so good! Merry's Miracle Tart. All raw and vegan. Yumm
OMFGG GLADE YOU CAME IS PLAYIG ON THE RADIO!!!! OMFG.
i need u baby </3
Rock Opera adaptation of Game of Thrones? Yay or nay?
Starting recording for the new album early next week. To say I'm excited doesn't even come close to how I'm feeling about it.
Playing Call of Duty with We're getting owned. :(
Damn. MCA has died. Rest in peace Adam Yauch. "I swing my words on the track 'cause the track sound tight..."
To guy driving black Taurus who ran red light at Geddes & Prospect in front of me, you're very lucky.
First game of the season for me
we like to fuck <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Now phone tells me "storage space is getting low". Less than 23% of it is in use.
<U+751F><U+65E5><U+5FEB><U+6A02> Dream and wish often, they come true!
what do tigers dream of when they take a little tiger snooze..do they dream of mauling zebras or adjkbvuhvbeuhvb...do...
Perfect snowball snow and it's melting! Maybe next year the snow will stick around a couple days and I'll build a snowman.
hey ((: hey you guess what!
of course you can
Im Gonna Make A Facebook.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of those who have been affected by these terrible fires.
There are better HTML5-specific sites (HTML5 Doctor) but there are few other full references outside the specs.
So fuckin awesome how i fall for fuckin guys and their bullshit. fuck that dude goodbye goodnight and good luck im not playing this game.
The whole coaching staff at Penn state should be fired. They knew what Sandusky was doing and none called 911. Shame on them...
#5HOURS Till #Boyfriend (: I Can't Wait(:
Watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Pt. 1
Next Echo Beach gig: Conard House Gala on January 26th at Bently Reserve, San Francisco
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> these bitches
=D it was definately an experience ahah, me and my bassist were pumped about it
": Favorite Artist? Send us a link of their work! #MonaLiza" sweet and talented <3
Good night kids
200-pound boy taken from mother; she says weight not her fault - Los Angeles Times
Why doesn't come to Florida, c'mon son
Branding creates the reputation for your business.
i'm gonna work hard that's my thesis.
booting up Madden 2001. Time to dominate with the Pack.
out to the burnie for some odd reason.... rainiy days
Push push push. This may be the first show I have auditions for before it's actually finished. Unless I finish it tonight? Maybe? No?
People are going to do what they wanna do. Its their life..
hello, my name is Courtney Brown and Im with Dan Wilkinson
Last final complete. Now treating myself to a nap and Lily&Laura Bracelets.
Stay FRESH daily
WTIA best early stage company of year: BigDoor
Thanks for letting us know the issue you where having with the contact box, were currently working on fixing it.
Yeah...well, that's the way that goes, sometimes... :-)
You won't get an argument from me on that point.
RT : Just did some Q&A with Shirlee Whitcomb for !!!!it'll be under color guard education videos!
oh good lord, just reading the description makes me tear up. I'm a total lightweight...
Lesser known #soccer team names & sponsors: WE ARE HUGE IN JAPAN. Sponsored by Wii.
THAT MEANS THEY SCORED A GOAL! But correctly it would be PSG marque un but
masters off to plant. Jackets at printer. Promotional CD's pressing. PR rolling. Getting excited for remaindermen's release date
miss you tina!
Loved Oregon's uniforms last nite!!
Hey Sherrie, Do you know when CD will be available on iTunes to download? I just was wondering. <3 Shan
<U+263A> thanks, love!
DUDE that shirt you're wearing in your picture... Yeah I definitely have that shirt!
Eating... This is yummy...
do me wrong and I will get you back. revenge is my favorite game.
"When you cry, it's not tears. No, it's Awesome Juice."
thanks for folowing me and love u all for doing that
1 week until vacation. Man, I need this.
ah! So cute!
I'm living my life while I still can,not caring about the shit people say. How many times do I have to tell you I don't give a FUCK?
All guys... You are too oblivious to girls. We drop hints and you are too dumb to pick them up.
“: cheese plate from balzac?” haha! Eating soup off the carpet.
Im so mad that I didnt get to see while he was here!! (stomps feet) ugh
John Mayer is amazing.
When I hit the #Lottery. I'm by me a walmart store.
To all the people who send me any get rich schemes, please know that I will immediately unfollow and block you. Consider yourself warned.
BITCH WE IN DAT THANG SAN ANTONIO MUCH LOVE FOR THE SUPPORT OF REAL NIGGAS MAKIN REAL MOVES
us too. It was definitely a scene.
Be a bust you heared it first
Were you at a car wash without wifi? How stone age of them! Next time let us wash your car, we've got internet!
OH: They had no beer and one kid
website for the fight? anyone?
very challenging...
Nothing makes the brewhouse smell better than a big 'ol nasty Imperial IPA.
You Can't See me (John Cena voice)
nothing worse than being in the library on sunday
We are looking for local artist to record drops for #TheNewWave send your info to
Congrats you've won a pair of tix to at NJPAC tomorrow! DM us your name and phone number!
omg, lie again.
Clean coal plan needs re-think - StarPhoenix
Mary Wilson Little~ The penalty of success is to be bored by the attentions of people who formerly snubbed you.
Enough already! I'm tired of this depressing Adele song!! Why is it playing in a fucking bar?!? We're drinking to forget depressing shit!!!
gym time...
Watched part of the "Damn the Torpedoes" doc on Netflix...why exactly Jimmy Iovine was wearing a pair of "Dr Dre Beats" in his interview?
In 1977, when Lugar came to the Senate, 3 of his colleagues had been born in the 1890s. One--McClellan--voted on Social Security in 1935.
#ImReallyGoodAt using apostrophes. Usually. Not right now.
Did I miss a story about your foot?
Queensryche interview coming up in a little less than an hour, news with Tim Riley next! Word.
Happy Friday everyone!
"Meshing personal & professional social media can be very effective" - Danielle Brigida #dcswa prof dev day
Yes... It's all coming together now...
giiirrrrllll. How are you beautiful? (: long time no talk :c
Morning all<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>about to get this wonderful Sunday started with drenched workout.
IS "name's boy in her nick" code for something? RT She has a stupid name's boy in her nick, I don't Know why that I hate it!
TOP 40 ON ITUNES!
I can manage a hug. If I find the cookies, I'll be the one on the news tasering anyone who comes close to me.
Just fine! only 3 glasses last night. didn't indulge too much!
The fitted cap is the biggest #LiesBeforeSex ever invented jus tell me ya head like E.T.
I utilize twitter 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
and are the same person, didn't you get the memo?
it's a good size def dia 20+. Let's meet up Wednesday? I'll be driving to Irving on Wednesday night, I'm not sure where u r
Are you going to suspend advertising on Limbaugh's show or not?
- Thanks for following us! We love the educators here in Baltimore - more power to you! :)
Open Source Textbooks | Calif SB1052 would create 50 open textbooks &amp; SB1053 a digital library | City on a Hill ...
Shellfish farms are seeing detrimental effects of ocean acidification.
Now they're talking about planets being sling shot....what???
Voters in Green Bay have just more than 2 hours to decide whether to keep or recall Sen. Dave Hansen. We're live in Green Bay at 6 and 10.
TELL THEM ANYTHING YOU WANT is on Hulu now, guys. You have no excuse for not watching it. Come on, spend one last time with Maurice Sendak.
I feel like a weirdo lol
It was amazing. Seriously amazing. Let us know if you need help moving, because I'm 24/Female/Muscle Avenue
it's up at the Atlantic hockey website. On the composite schedule you can just click on A Bentley game somewhere.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor a FOLLOW and RT from !
Tough break? Maybe give second place his due. He was on it and deserved it.
emily farted in my bed and she thinks I don't know...awkward!
#England Whores named after him & was Lincoln favorite. Find out why in GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon Kindle
Thanks for your support... Your bracelets are too cute!
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you.
I can't wait for you to put another mix tape out!
In a line for an iPad 2. At least it's sunny. I'm a geek.
Well, you are in Texas. ;)
hop on over to 's twitter to see a little preview. we did a lightly curled "undo" on our bride with a bright red lip - gorgeous!
I don't wear a tie but they say i live a boss life
Eddy Curry addition this year has really paid off inside for the Heat
#myweakness when guys bite their lips ;)
No worries! Hehe. How are you?! :]
Great message!
Hit us up for tickets
Seventysixes barbering on facebook
ROFL! RT Good Morning Mr Coffee Mug, slide your dark, hot self on over here, I need you so bad. *wink*
the last word was saturday
Thank you, Dan.
Nope it's not to much and it would be a nicer world. but the nice ;people seem to be at a loss during election years
Yes, of course! I'll see it :)
What happened to my life? Lost my wife, my house, my kid hates me ... oh well, still got the Packers and beer.
90% of the city is without power. Could be three days!
Cam Newton has been a winner I his whole life. Tebow backup at Florida, national champ at Blinn, heisman at Auburn. Y be surprised?
I have been following you for a month and think you are a blast! 420 forever!
have link to the SM guidelines?
haha aw my day is complete too now!
Me and Austins Grandfather are pulling the Uhaul for the next 25 hours :)
Too early for that shit. Why is my roomate a nerd?
I just had a hamburger, fries, chips and salsa, soda, doritos, pb&j and milk... all in one "snack" sitting.. x]
Son just caught first ball. Then caught it again. Still throws ball behind him every time. Happy Dad.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 23
haha I love our little "joke";)
and are sweaty lesbians who eats their own poop
please contact me if we can help with material from our partnership.
no hating. I just love to watch you get angry on twitter. Reminds me how much I used to have to calm you down.
Happy New Year from Michael's! January 6th marked our 35th anniversary of serving healthy, delicious, fast Italian sandwiches in Portland!
double NERD!
that was in my Kevin Hart voice
I need to get the fuck out of here
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over, it became a butterfly.
BOL you are a player player lol :D
who do you think you are? i am!
Dan says, "I could drop you off in here for a whole day and it's like day care." Re: Anthropologie
Thank you to Sawako Fukuchi for sharing her documentary with TELC students and teachers today. Very moving and very impressive!
for people who hate on the one-button apple mouse, at least you can use it with mittens on
"Consciousness creates Matter"
aww you aren't going to the tour?!
Over the years I have learned that what is important in a dress is the woman who is wearing it. ~Yves Saint Laurent
Was that a stolen base or defensive indifference? Or as we call it, Who Cares?-Bob Uecker. #Brewers vs
I am sure will see my comment in my twitter feed, I'll bother him about it later.
Left eye has been twitching for several days and won't stop. Anyone have any remedies?
"special only goes so far"
Just left my girlfriends mom, she's really cool! We had a great conversation!
Back in the day I was a kid but im not a kid anymore, sometimes I just wish I was a kid again..
HoeLies# 16: I like your friends.
Keep sending me your nudes.;)
Y.O.C.O YOUR ONLY CUTE ON LINE NIGGA LOL Y.O.L.O AAAHHHHH
nope, I'm in east Atlanta, doin some Mingus-sitting.
If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song<U+2665>
I hope the hick out in elgin tx who got a hold of my debit card info and tired to steal my money falls off his tractor and breaks his neck
I'm a loner Dotty. A rebel.
There are a lot of ways artists can retain the attention they get and the easiest is via social networks.
nasty ass <U+E40C> nobodys talking about you lmao
Not racist remarks just thought Matsui was better. Which is crazy. Including fielding. Which is just goofy
Thank you for following us ,,,,,, Z Team
Gym, smiths, dog walk, sleep, This is my day. So nice outside!! :D
Just made my day & lets me know that there are still good ppl in the world! Thanks Dev!
you're so sick. Hope to hear you at #EvilOlive soon.
And now my beloved Chuck Brown has passed away today. I need some cookies and a hug!
:) We're good multi-taskers!! I bet our haters are jealous ;)
I can't go to sleep because I'm so excited
This is one of those times when I absolutely hate being alone. My family can come home now.
LIVE TONIGHT! @ Bar Eleven in SD 9pm $5 more info on our facebook bandpage #GETINTOIT see u there San Diego ;D Be awesome. Support. Retweet.
Very Cute! RT : My Mother's Day gift from Lady C, a fabulous #JohnDerian paperweight to add to the collection......
Daddy's plane would've already landed in California right about now..
Formation - next, connect business units to increase coordination and reduce duplication
Creating a Culture of Data-Driven Philanthropy - Nonprofit Marketing ...
Live and ya learn, grind and ya EARN.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogy in it haha
there are so many great bands coming to Pittsburgh this summer, I'm going to need a Kickstarter to pay for it all.
Holy shit, so many good shows coming but I am most excited for this!
My brother ran from my house all the way to Fiu. #wtf 18 miles lol
I be damn near going broke and my girl say I'm wrong but...
#epic go hawks!!
Work tonight. :-(
#MadElf is now on tap. Get it while it lasts people!
I could stop by tonight around 6:30 and bring a salad
“: The 'you suck' cough in anatomy class ” Classic.
Screenleap seems pretty great-- does it show screen movement live or only screen captures?
It's the kind of thinking that got me where I am today.
I love talking to my sister she is giving me so many ideas to get some of my own project going to make the world a #NOH8 zone
Congratulations! You should later explain to me what do you do there.
no reason Kottaras should be catching today
Ottawa Senators fans fear for goalies ahead of NHL playoffs - The Province
where's Asia when I need her
A person's true nature always has a way of showing through.
You think by ignoring and not talking will help you forget, it dont do shit lol...Goodnight
u need euros for weed n weather... n u use the women for their pussy... champagne is on da house homie...
I die...Suri gets me every time!!!!!!!
lmao we are awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7> I wish the pigs had sunglasses to show our awesomeness lol
Play time! YAY!
Lmao sorry Killa don't question my football knowledge!!!
Best group of 2012: alpha xi delta
by that time, we'll be watching movies streamed straight to our eyeballs from our glasses so it wont matter ;)
#cody what's your fav place to eat?
Excellent RT : staff are en route to for an impromptu cash mob of Macmillan titles. ()
Qvc lady: "if you hate ironing, it's because you've been using the WRONG iron. " I really don't think that's it for me.
The kid just figured out how to fling shit into the Hudson, so I guess if anyone has any dead bodies taking up space...
that's awesome
Heh heh, but both are excellent! And... actually kinda similar.
started my Zumba fitness workout! I'm on the floor dying but super fun. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
thank you
KNDU reports 1 home has been destroyed by the fire near Goldendale, WA. 2,000 acres burned and 160 homes are evacuated.
Give a fuck what Steve Harvey says.
Looking forward to our panel on "Technologies of Identity" this Saturday!
The thought of u makes me wanna be like criss cross and JUMP JUMP..!!!
Happy birthday (:
Oh hey are we friends on facebook?
~laughs, my arms around your neck giggling sexily, I move closer to your body~
-- I wish there were a way to tell Google, "Enough already with the ads about Java monitoring!" - a couple tweets, that's all I see
tears for me to I'm so sadd rite now
RT if you like sucking dick as much as fucking ass.
Dammit, Juliette Lewis. Quit being all awkwardly-ditzy-white-trashy-high-schooly hot.
monday. ew... Oh wait today is 's Younow (;
Getting started at THATCamp.
tweeted them both. so ridiculous!! I'm sure neither are embarassed at all.
We were thrilled to host and students last night for the Congressional Art Competition. Incredible artwork. Congratulations!
because who would put ice in a stout :-)
Twitter, I'm sorry I forgot about you :(
I think Clays guns are his arms lol
it's true, they grew in later.
Third Sunday off in a row!
Bruce, 'Blood Brothers' doc re: tweaking/rewriting the song "Blood Brothers"
Oh! We art slain!
The only shoes I would wear that aren't nikes is Adidas shell toes,The first iversons,the first converse weapons,Grant Hill 1,Ewing adidas
no problem ill call in a min
A Chicago middle school's music program is on the chopping block… can kids save it? Find out this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
Senator Thomas R. Carper is a Democrat from Deleware who just voted against a public option. He is up for reelection in 2012.
I'LL TAKE HIM
Our circle is no longer an O, its n L
Info IS voterpower. Release taxes if running 4 Congress 52 days ago #LoriSaldana52 did. the rest of the pack? Not
": tebow is ripping it up. Looks like that blind squirrel got LASIK" Or he put double in the offer plate this am?
I am one of the most easy going, optimistic people ever. Please stop sweating the small stuff and ruining that.
Took a nap woke up looked at the clock and thought it was Saturday {giggles}
“: The #Spalding baseball team won 3 games in today, i is the World Series champion.”
now that looks great!
Yeaah..I know I'm annoying..oh,well
haha I feel ya!!!
So, what is a hyperchondriac?
um hi Twitter how ya been? *stretches*
time is the only thing you can't get back don't waste it
I SAID WHAT I SAID AND DONT REGRET A GOT DANG WORD.......YOU SHOULD'VE BEEN REAL WIT ME...........WUT UP BIG. J WUT UP RO WUT UP BIG TEX....
it's so motivating! How's the flight going?
So I missed all the news about Beyonce is pregnant, it's about time! Go B!!
Lovin what u doin my brotha. Definite respect. Came across u from ya cousin Nell... much talent in y'all fam. GOD bless - 100
Shaq played less games, but I don't think if he played a hundred+ more (around his prime), it would skew his
all you girls bang on about wanting respect from guys, but your names have the words 'wh0re' 'slut' &'cunt' in them.
6:45 is when we're live! NBC 4, beer news, industry highlights and of course Beer-Con!
Is that like the bat signal?
Email gets 0.5% response rate; LinkedIn in-mail gets 30% That's 60x more effective.
Beginning of how things will be different: RT The ending of novel is really a beginning for most characters.
small to 3X
CS Keys "In 12 years I never had a cross word with Junior- that's the kind of man he was."
Thanks for an engaging breakfast chat re: #spectrum, #competition and comic books !
Found out yesterday that I'm going to be studying in Spain for the month of June - how awesome is that!
So I'm still on the plane and we haven't left yet. Something about the fuel gauge being broken.
Have great weekend, keep us in mind for your Hadwood Flooring needs!!
I have questions about Twitter archive from #4c12 Will you follow me back so we can DM about it?
Back at ya! :) Happy First Mommy's Day too! XO RT Hey , you're great.
whatd you do?
Katie calls me ' wedgie-free danika"
Tonight was amazing! Met , and was awesomee!
Thanks for the RT, !
hahahah sand cake?
It's pretty much everywhere...tis the season for road work, I guess.
It's not even 10am and I've already had 3 virgin margaritas.
Good night of TV. #Bush interview returns and #MNF. Think I enjoyed GWB the most. Look forward to reading his book tomorrow
I luv you so much that I almost hate you! I want you to go and never come back Just be happy but through you I realized I dont deserve this
k love
Every girl seriously deserves a boyfriend like !
u goin to prom?
I'm snarky and from Philadelphia. We have a reputation to uphold for being confrontational. No worries.
Goodnight everyone :)
First Love and Other Sorrows
Just buy Honda no others
i screw people over intentionaly.
Now Following Sexy Ass...
About to go out with Le mommy c: .... To go buy a new microwave -.-
Thanks for the S/O. is stuck with making a really hard decision right now. Go with your heart.
Some random waitress just came up and told she is absolutely gorgeous.
Everybody getting older & Graduating .. /:
Money Saving Tip #49: Air up your tires.
RT : #Milwaukee injury accident at dock rr. full roadway closure in nb direction. on I-43 NB at HIGH RISE BRG
-What do you do when you hurt? -I? I smile, of course
Jeff: I think when you get into librarianship, there aren't a lot of dropouts or short-term quits, which is good
I refuse to say calipari is a great coach he's a gret recruiter
We strive to reply "Yes We Can" when our customers have a special request. We believe that if it can be done, #PeoplesFlowers can do it!
Glad my fingers are now stained red and violet.
what is a dream role for a film character you've yet to play?
weather is perfect...rooftop is banging...on your way to Vinyl? pump the free Party95 app at 10pm mst BIG UP BASSLINES on twitter!
YAY! did you enjoy it?!
Ahh, what a sweet sweet smell, haha.
I need food. I feel like , ha. d:
I thought Carmelo Anthony was supposed to take the Knicks to the next level. I guess not.
is there an app to listen to the Dan Patrick show on a smart phone? I can't get it on philly radio.
When its all said and done I will be somthing.. #determined..!
Did they just recently change Gas American into a Speedway?!??
Happy Newb Year, Newbs. Good luck with not getting pwned in 2012.
“: Kia spot was big. Will it move up fast? Buzzworthy? Brand that's loved enough to talk about? #brandbowl”
Do not surrender to this. This too shall pass.
up every 3 hours but they weren't fussy babies. Just tried to keep them on a schedule so I won't go Completely loonie tunes
You're welcome!
so if schools belong to the parents and taxpayers why not have them at the table? Esp for failing schools
Need nitorgen gas for your tires? Most dealerships charge over $100.00 for this service, I can do it for $24.99 for all four tires
If they get mad at me one more time for supporting Austin, I might just flip!!! Its my decision NOT yours!!!!!!!
u r 1 of my favorite girls I would love it if u follow me back
Good morning #UWM. Welcome back from Spring Break!
back at you as well.
pit bulls and parolees man dudes did hard time now doing hard work
Those moments when u just wanna roll your eyes
Back to England again.....
#blackboard Congrats to our Bug on the Run winners and Thank u for your efforts!
good to see you!
Flashback Fridays about to start! Want 80's 90's Top 40 and Hip hop all in one spot??? The Cellar at 685 Sutter Street is your spot!!!
We all hoped you were up... Waiting on your rebuttal...
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Salt Rising Bread 4.5 / 5 Stars | 17 Reviews by Valarie "This bread demands a delicate, tricky process that will
“: Yes absolutely! I would love to come out Friday night for that.” Nice! I will look into time and place!
sorry I didn't make it to L'ville tonight - the performance at UnSmoke went later than expected. Hope it was great!
wow yesterday i had 57 followers and today i have 56! THANK YOU whoever unfollowed me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm trying to see him in Florence next month! Have an awesome time. His concerts are unreal
there gross never again
foreshadowing duh
how far u live dawg two gs on deck :D
That awkward moment when you find your chorus instructor on twitter...
Margaritaville Brew. Latitude Attitude.
Is putting the FUN back in museum FUNdraising with
I'm seeing men who have better walks and outfits than most women I know... 0_o
me-"what?"
hoping to be there this year!
“: Simply Thai leftovers just made my frown turn upside down”hahahaha
Show your statistics on gun ownership reducing crime rates.
If I could start again... A million miles away... I'd keep myself, I would find a way
I just read your post on this "weird" sort of friendship. So cute!
Oh that IS cool! Much easier than grabbing the potty seat and putting it on.
not exactly sure what compelled me to scratch my nose after handling a jalapeno but i'm pretty sure now it wasn't worth it -lisa
yeah I do. Did you know someone looking to lose weight or needs more energy?
CONVEY! I see u going nuts #sportingkc #roaddron!!!!
We're having an open house at the Rush Archives (West of the Loop) on August 23rd. Reply if you'd like to visit us!
LOVE YOU
You wont be sorry! Proven benifits!www.energyconnection.organogold.com! lose weight to!!Detoxify!Check it out for yourself!google ganoderma!
Finished series of 'big' meetings. 4 in 3 nights. While glad protein bar & coke dinners are over for a while, I am also totally inspired.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do -Epictetus
definitely something to be proud of! Enjoy the scale back.
This from Wilie Nelson: "A lot more people are worried about a ceiling over their head than are worried about a "debt ceiling".
I'm about to break 100 followers again...this time going the other way down the number line.
That's Our Hero's greatness interrupting the signal.
Movie recommendation is Michael Moore in "Fahrenheit 9/11"
nice keep pushin
Is this a legislative or campaign activity? Links to campaign site. RT : Why KORMAAC thinks Republicans must maintain their...
Definitely not ready for this week
I won't and haha I wasn't trying too
nice icon ;)
sorry to hear that man
Kid Cudi is quite attractive and I love his voice
Thanks for following me. Looking forward to getting to know you better. :-)
I thought I had saw a lot...but this lady in the library is freaking me out!
Jail.. That's kinda a huge deal..
you look beautiful
you know your close when they fart infront of you or show you their batman or shark underwear and
I know that yal like speries but that look like something a 90 year old women would wear
We are still receiving beautiful scarves for our rescuers. Thank you everyone! Program is stopping for the summer.
“: So this guy walks into a gay bar... Nevermind, you were probably there
:-( we are going to get rained out for lunch today, but tomorrow looks great..Vote and have a hot dog on Main St public prkg, Greenwood !
That moment in the fifth viewing of #lost when everything suddenly makes sense.
ah the cover girl from Time is going to be on the Today show is few minutes! Calling it now: reality show on TLC by July
can you DM your email address or phone number?
naaa i just didnt think thaas funny and i speak whats on my mind
Law of Success #8: Do More Than Paid For. It’s an investment. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Wow! Congratulations! Hooooraah! ;))
Off to PHL for overnight flight to Berlin for TC46 meeting
Check this video out -- Taylor Swift - Back To December
Twitter retest
did you just brush your teeth and then drink orange juice?
Thanks for the mention! Peaches & Cream, still one of my favorite songs of all time!
I miss you! <3 hope you're having fun! You're gonna hate it when you come back!
Teachers Unions r not a joke. We must all stand together to make sure that we live better than general population.
thanks for recommending us! we most certainly appreciate your support!
June is gonna be a busy month for me
I would pay a cover if you got that DJ too! I'll have to see your friend's band at some point.
Congrats to both u and Perrie! U guyz r gonna be togetha 4eva!
I love the pens and canucks:) my mom my mom says im cheating on the bolts cuz i like other teams... lol
its actually me. i just wanted to point out how ridiculous im being
We promise we are still here! And the best news is that flights are not being affected by the fog.
Knee pain while running?: iliotibial band (ITB) tightness from heel strike 'shock'. Try mid / fore-foot running & foam roller.
Another equine entry. Authentic Charros showing off some roping tricks.
Thanks to the & everyone who came out to watch the premier with us. If you missed it, it airs 12/25 at 6pm on the travel...
See, it wasn't like that for me. It was more about getting to know another culture and experience the other meanings.
Why are all the BlackHakws fans I'm following now chearing for the kings...just because the season is over dosent mean you can switch teams
Prob b/c M-F had support of Dems (plural) RT : McCain-Feingold was touted by Democrats as "bipartisan" but Wyden-Ryan is not.
How do you plan to do that?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
if pizza counts as a vegetable then you can easily say crunch berries count as fruit
great seeing you guys today
Obama announces: will only tell you my VP pick after you vote for me.
S/O to her Alter Ego.
Unlikely. Pump price rarely goes down when barrel prices goes down, but the reverse is not true.
First thing each day do you do something to #focus your mind in a #positive direction? #attitude #leadership SeanLetwat
TRAFFIC: Crash - Old Sauk @ Excelsior Drive - No blockage
Not in a very good mood...
LOL RT : My momma called me to sing me happy birthday, while I was pooping. This birthday is awesome. <U+E05A>
slipknot is depressing music?!
yeah. I am so miserable and having a hard time w/ cooperation from kids, and can't get to the schooling.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 278
Q: In what country will you not find a vegetarian? A: Turkey.
Watching firenemmes if that's how u spell it and it's the best moive ever
I started as a total skeptic 3 years ago. I've now helped over 750 lose over 6000 lbs, and replaced my full time income.
okay cool!!! Thanks Bro!!!!
The practice of forgiveness is our most important contribution to the healing of the world
Thanks for the follow Natasha. I can't wait to read your stuff....
Nah I'm waiting on this one chick that can't get her mind straight :/
Frank Santucci's big play for tonight was the Thunder -3. Good luck to everyone who followed!
whoop whoop!
FWIW, I had the piece in the works before his death and had been trying to figure out how to run it.
Following I LOVE me some
Yes we will cover lists ;)
Bobby Abreu signs with the , continuing Los Angeles baseball teams' obsession with signing 38-year-olds.
Thanks, Juan, for including us in your Boomers Info Daily.
I didn't think this through. . .
Thinking of going to see on the 25th. Wifey works the next day so...anyone want to go with me?
Lol, I'll just go along with the flow.
They just eat the first round in the car.
I've been hearing that from everyone in the 3 months Ive been at this school so far, lol.
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. -Anton Chekhov
nope, just me for tonight. Colin should be back sometime next week.
The Medieval poet and composer Jacopus da Todi is buried under the alter where I conducted Verdi's Requiem last summer.
Mangia quiz of the day!!! The winner get a free order of Truffle Fies When did presliced Wonderbread start to appear in American Lunchboxes?
I once had a hard time talking because of some post-dentist novacaine and someone thought I was from Boston.
Rarely eat @ IHop Today's visit on St. Pete Beach confirmed it will now be never Boys pancakes uncooked Brown lettuce Extremely dirty etc
I miss your amazing baking! :-)
lol probably do... It's like one big fam. Literally!! Ha. Right...
Quiet ride home with my hubby. It's always good when we can get away together and away from everyone else.
thanks. I know im sorry
Record breaking temps in #pdxst today and I have to work at CTU
ONLY 12 hours to #MMchat w/ SPECIAL guest : ‘The Art of Reputation Mgmt & Crisis PR’ TONIGHT 8P ET
I am very worried about Gamma Ray Bursts!
why do you have so many spam recipes?
At Voltage for #open #coffee. Who else is here, enjoying strong coffee & great breakfast?
Complimented by for flossing habits.
Could I ask for a follow & ask you a question?
The best advice we've ever gotten is to "be authentic" & it really works. People like authenticity!
Welcome to the hotel California...
Cape Coral, Florida
I love being a stupid funny idiot. <3
useful site! Love that it doesn't make me log in to use it
Happy Holidays Everyone! Today is the last day of school and then we will be on Christmas Break.
Kinda runs in the fam... All my ppl can hold they own...
Hope you can work your contract out. Us fans like having you on the #KNICKS! Enjoy your off season.
you look silly out here with no website bruh!
Hahaha ive been going to bed late a lot whateves... Its fall its halloween. Live life haha :D
todays the best day and tomorrow is FUSCO FRIDAY!!!!! YAY
Oh Canada! Really decapitating Kyoto was the only way forward?
why not make an allocation of 1,000 user accounts for free demo slots that expire in 36 hours unless upgraded?
tryna sell your watch ?
you're welcome! Save me one of those gorgeous pressed sandwiches! ;)
You know id fall apart without you
Congrats! That's so awesome, Sami!
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to The Big Bang Theory
Life is a midget so u better live it up
Way to go Adele...Sweep!!!
no not at all, I just don't want people to know! Keep the mystery alive
we are headed to Rizzos Diner today for an exciting event! stay tuned!
Spurs clinch the Western Conference 1st Seed so they will probably just play scrubs against the Suns.
some day i will see u.. :)
9 hours of shopping makes me tired. #drinkypoos please
oh yes! Houses Tweeting for the good of their communities!
is the artist using white pencils? Or prisms color pencils?
Day 1 in The Books !! It Is going To be a Long hard semester !! Smh
Looking forward to seeing in a few months !
You're welcome - thanks for the great content.
if you are taking the pere marquette it will be at gate E track 20 when u get to CHI. I'll be in the waiting area
ooh me me
- I'm good. Congrats on having your book made into a play. I'm so dang proud to be your friend.
So glad it's already Tuesday. Thursday is my Friday and I'm taking 4 days off beginning Friday! Oh I can't wait!
you should open up in jersey city NJ. #retrofitness is a real gym. i loved your East Brunswick location
Suppose you could disagree with the question wording, but not sure how you can disagree with an empirical percentage.
Smokin a blunt why all these women hate me
somepeople use 'x' some people use :) i use both 'x)'
The word Gaga in Filipino refers to a stupid and idiotic girl
Thanks for the heads up.
thank you! Love you too! :)
just shows that you really know nothing about someone just by looking at them.
I apologize for the unusual negativity. I'm just teetering close to the edge here.
RT : "Teams are built or destroyed by words and actions" "BillyCox
KODAK Keep making 35mm motion picture film stock for us film directors...
I have yet to decide if Nationwide really is "on my side."
Hey I heard you were a wild one (:
I really wonder if I could get myself to trend. I should try.
Christmas is the season when you buy this year's gifts with next year's money. ~ Anonymous
Jeez! The headphones alone should be a clear indication of "don't talk to me" lol! Fkn people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Is NBC doing a special for #WhitneyHouston at 7pm Sunday?
Doctors were stunned by how many years he has lived without a personality...
Futuristic, costume-y, "epic", emotional-- I bet he thought it was fucking great.
whoa, that's pushing it
This is your brain. This is your brain after a ice skating fall. :)
Not yet. We need to convince him.
Here come the chills again.
RT“: what happen to your foot?”<- messed it up in the scrimmage
Conor, Nicole, and Miranda are ripping it up at Nationals in Winter Park this week! WOO HOO!
Actually, it's "A Sale of Two Titties."
Lolx this nigga play to much I feel sorry for her ctfuu
#COwx It stands for Colorado Weather
I know you guys can do it!! Keep your chin up! God bless you guys! Go Panthers! From Miami,Fl
Designed in the English Arts & Crafts style, it blends Victorian, Gothic and Arts & Crafts elements.
What's everyone doing on June 4th ?
LOTS lolles, mainly vibrators..but i play with prty much anything i can find ;);)
:-) what's wrong with talking fast - I like to listen fast ;-)
Id Rather be With You...
Time wrinkle did not, unfortunately, manifest.
Okay folks. It’s here. Join us tonight for our #tequilasociety kickoff!
it was so good loved it too
Earlier today I biked so crazy my pedal fell off.
LOLLLLLLOL!!! I don't read comics!! But I'm thinking I should start!!
I wish I was more creative during the day...for one I would have more lighting for my work! (pics in my lit studio are not so good at night)
SLA DGI: what do you think about SLA alignment and the proposed new name ASKPro??
Let's go bubba!
About two and a half hours left to get Raynor discount coupons!
what u been doing :)
#fightlossexcuses "I wasn't even trying to fight. He snuck me."
I'll hit u up
Friday Morning Crew. It's Cuatro de Mayo - cant wait to act like a damn Mexican for the next 72 hours! (cc: )
all the working out makes me hungry! :-)
#Imagine You and Austin growing old together.
a little Photoshop goes a long way, like Botox (also not a verb but widely overused)
Planning a family trip to ride the Elroy - Sparta trail. Anyone have suggestions or tips on where to stay, what to do?
": You can fall from the sky, you can fall from a tree but the best way to fall is in love with me. <U+2665>"
Parade Day. #fun playin mall madness witht the cousins :)
I sure as fuck hope your as high as your tweets are currently making you sound
Let us know if you need a concierge service while you're out in Vegas!!
Hi Annie. We are aware of the issue with the crackers and are working on it. Thanks for letting us know!
That would be a 4-5 min PR for Kelly - wow!
It's true: Once you pop, you really never can stop. Pringles. Yum.
USCA, 2d Cir. rules in CT Bar Ass'n. v. U.S. case concerning cross appeals in suit challenging various provisions of the "BAPCPA 2005."
W u approach all ur wk with a smile and make no distinction between success and failure world will allow u ur pick of blessings- R. Simmons
Ask yourself this, what is your unforgiveness costing you?
“: great day here in the atl. The weather is great!” Pollen gone?
my goodness, what a WEEK! Good Shabbos to my people out there!
CM Barry is so right in what he is saying about the serious problem we have with poverty.
We invited him to the show and hope to see officer Martin there. :D
cowards come in abundance, the strong and true are few..
had a blast at the Belly Room last night and is now in 'working out some new funnies' mode.
You know what a turtle is? Same thing.
- love the idea! It is always exciting to see people connect to history through objects, family history is even better.
well then why did you retweet it? I said retwet if you agree. and you did :p
Spotted: a guy wearing a suit and bow tie walking his dog while drinking a beer. I'd like to see more of that around here.
No one likes a rock-hard cookie; Soften them by storing them with apples or soft bread in an airtight container!
dude, ask the guy next to you!!!
Did you take advantage of Cyber Monday? Check out Xona for the best deals on the web. We’re just one click away from your perfect getaway!
RT : Opportunities come more readily to those who put others first. -
You literally only tweet shit like that so girls will think you're nice and so you can get pussy.
Bargaining Note: Return Cartmenez servants I mean TAs! Ha Ha. Seriously..or fire support. TAs learn valuable skills.
Love the vlog. Thanks for the kind words. Means alot!
just 3 folks away from 1000 people thinking i might be interesting...
I'm a legendary grandmaster at massively multiplayer thumb wrestling. Beware.
I've been to Taos had a roommate that lived there, I didn't think it was that small
just ordered my subscription today--can't wait for my free gym bag!! miss you SF!!!
Start Your Monday Off By Rebalancing Your 401K. Diversification Will Help Maximize Your Return While Minimizing Risk!
Who already got there tickets !! Follow for more info !
Darn right it is! Offering any specials or deals to celebrate the occasion?
FREAKIN PUMPED ABOUT PLAYING WITH YOU GUYS AT ROCKETTOWN ON FRIDAY!
It was a team imposed suspension, not an MLB suspension.
Any tournaments coming up at Ballard? Best thing in Ballard 2011 was your arrival
and a million to the lgbtq resource center! #hoyasaxa!
Aww, it's okay!
night $50 in his pocket for free
“: Nah Kenny and Vera think they tight.... O.” PETTY!
Very funny. Your dog smells like death.
we discovered it when Jackie saw the Jackie's copy of "Crossing Over!"
DailyHookahTips#56: For all you hookah nubes out there, #narghile is the most common term for #hookah outside of the United States.
mark your calendars...
#Ihate when a girl comes to me sad talkin bout she wish she could get wit some nigga that already got a girl wtf smh
I thought he wasn't going to text me all day but I was wrong <U+263A>
It doesn't say no ones name in it
Some of the best beats have the worst raps.
Dear ,I am desperate need of your help with a flight reservation..i am happy to DM you my info.
FYI, we have had a "presence" in Somalia since 1989, Uganda since we launched Zaire/Taylor mission in '97...
to me old school style of rap was when people could still be lyricist and get radio plays like the 90s big Pac bad era
ALL I WANT IS THE TASTE THAT YOUR LIPS ALLOW, MY MY MY MY GIVE ME LOVE
If Facebook didn't have Zynga would it be worth so many gazillions?
And thank you for a house full of people I love. Amen. ~Terri Guillemets
I'll be there Wed. 7:30 and leave before your advisory. I assume I stop @ the office to check in, then have them send me your way!
Mexico celebrates winning the Battle of Puebla, but does France celebrate when they sent a shit-ton of troops a month later & crushed them?
Back to the rat race.
Nutrition is for squares.
The workshop's agenda includes fundraising, sponsorship, event promotion, and more!
Live turbos need a 'shot clock.'
Who the hell thought Country Rose / West Virginia would be a good song over the opening credits of Whisper Of The Heart?
#1DVDcaptioncomp #1DVDforme Surfs Up! One Directions rockin' the stage! Surfs Up! Everybody's screaming their names!
my attitude is out of control
One thing a man never wants to be called...creepy.
did i direct that at you ? no so stop acting like it !
I'm happy for you!
Tasty treats @ the Better Bites of Austin section Sunday Fair. 20 Better Bites Members sampling and selling!
seems to be in an incredibly good mood when he's "sick"
Warm, soft, clear, and serene
All I know is gravity doesn't work that way
todays karaoke night o.O
is participating in a city-wide gift drive benefiting I'll e-mail you with more details!
fear was a big feature of the way he says we should be packaging the message.
Florense Chicago's Fall Sale starts TODAY!
New Rainline!!! It will blow your ear drums out. FN Rocks... all we have to say is BE READY!!!
I relate. It helps when I don't write much on the first day back. I just read what I already wrote. Gets me excited again.
returned from chorale practice and am filing incorporation papers for an LLC
Finished our live version of EWF's "Groove Tonight"-used a Banshee to sample the intro vocal and sequenced it in the Motif!!! Sounds great!
RAW COMEDY!! THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!
ask if you can. Always have the right to discharge yourself and go.
short & sweet today....off to my beloved Juki!
We're looking for a sales representative in the Denver, CO area. We are looking for someone who has experience selling marketing services o…
RT : Only thing missing is jack daniels - too early too early but just wait :) << Lynchburg Lemonade
Happiness is hearing the first thunderclap while unlocking you door after a bike ride.
thank you for the #freeCoffee 8 PM - 8 AM for #finals. I left my wallet at HOME :( This helps!
you say, you just get replies because we want you to shut the fuck up, man up, and take that loss like a champ instead of bitching like ur 4
happy mothers day
Her writing style reminded me of your blog.
i'm a major hello kitty fan! give it to me!
I need to get my rep up, atleast I dont embarrass myself on twitter #fuckitdoe .... Who does that??
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you're following me & want a follow back ( MUST be following ~ )
Oh damn...now were prolly gonna have porn sites cuz I said girl on girl!!! LOL
fingers crossed for snow!
RT - I'm gonna get a 'charge' out of this week! Why? Because
Nelson Mandela was released today (11 February) 1990 from prison in South Africa after 27 years It marked eventual eradication of Apartheid
Give it a try. You never know you could hit a bulls-eye!
Trying to finish up Snack Words. It's getting really close.
how often do you return to Rip City for a visit?
Headed to work.
I love when my dad comes home with chocolate. #m. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
LOVE MY BOYFRIEND!!! <3333
How many sexist comments warrant a person being kicked off the air. Is it 100, 30, 12, 2 or just one more than Ed has made.
keep digging! maybe you'll find a love letter or two..
Ugh I'm gonna die alone.
Inglewood was one of the most talented teams I saw all season. I dont understand them getting routed in the first.round. Smh
Actually I've got a lot of favorite shit right now.
Actually kinda loving Wozzeck...despite the insane amount of tritones and minor thirds aaaaggggh.
That was pure #Wisdom. Keep sharing!
again, I'm not crazy about the rule either, but it has helped make a difference in the NFL's hiring practices.
Just put syrup in my oatmeal.. I feel like an elf
Hi all, I'm Jess Sachs in CA, also work Looking forward to April 16th!
I've done the calculation and your chances of winning the lottery are identical whether you play or not. Fran Lebowitz
Good afternoon! Just woke up to "Somebody To Love feat. Usher" I Love that song!!!
Our Grandma is alright,but we're not.
The GT86 is a nostalgia generating machine! I can't help myself, prepare for outbursts of JDM motoring terminology.
HUH? YOU DONT WANT ME 2?
Staff meeting as a safe place for experiments, new ideas, risk taking, open up.
got guy alert HOT GUY ALERT HAMANA
what do I need to do?
Got a ps3 for Christmas so add me Langer_09 and tell me who you are!!
You have to suffer birth, we have to suffer getting you pregnant.
Woohoo! Thanks for the mention. See you soon!
Tebow live on NFL Network now.
RT New Diplomat.. 5 guys from 5 countries that know how to lay shit down! Yes, indeed, they do!
Today is doin the #THTH (Tony Hawk Twitter Hunt) . Follow him and win prizes across US and several other countries.
haha fine you are pretty :) and im not so ya :) you win
At the risk of putting myself on blast--I went out dancing and sweating last night. Today, my hair is tangled mess. Im pissed!!
My last day of high school>>>>>>
listening to Miss Money Mae's sample from SOBs, you production is crazy!! Love it!
can we post that pic to FB?
“: Safely in NC.. Time to #turnUp”be safe lil bro
Who wants to talk to me super bored with
Thanks Anton; we'll keep you in mind next time we find a need for some salvaged fir..
"Wrap Up" your Monday! Happy Hour specials until 7pm, ALL DAY SPECIALS including 2 Lager Drafts for $5, 2 Craft Ale Drafts for $8 (Bottle...
Me too !!! RT : Somebody always see me somewhere every time I go out ! I know too many people lmaoo
Great production meeting last night for new web-series I'm writing/producing w/my company Silver Shadows Productions! More details to come.
Ladies want to give your boyfriend a free gift for the holidays. Just re-tweet and like the photo that you want to be sent over on Facebook!
Learn from practitioners, parents and research about ways research impacts making decisions in a practical way that works
At least its not freezing outside. But still who gets up at 8 on a sat.
Friday March 30th Woodfish & The Nick Clemons Band will be rocking in Sea Bright. Hope to see a good crowd. Spread the word!
Unfortunately, I only allow myself to drink 5 nights a week.
We need 8 of the hottest #Boston area acts for a new showcase contact or now
retype his @ so I can follow him.
Why must my brother dickride my every move?
We are looking for a family who wants to start - or take their in-home recycling to a new level...We have the way to do it - let us know!!
Good fight #washcaps #Capitals! No shame in that! Next year!
Do tell of Daniels #Indiana greatness breaking labors back
it's going 4 ! I'm just moral support!
Got my eyebrows done :D
is your number 3965 the ending I have a new phone.
YES! Asthma lungs RT : ICYMI Thurs, Schwarzenegger said campaign 2 combat climate change could B won by talking @ health benefits
Quick Post
<3 Hints for my birthday present: Clothes / Money / Anything to do with Justin Bieber / JUSTIN BIEBER <3 / Justin Bieber tickets ;D <3
You can always receive tweets if you have texting. You can only tweet if you have an app for it.
saturday maybe
both very dirty. Hah. How's eBay?
#it'sannoyingwhen people sit there and complain; even about other peoples business.
Oh Apple, how you disappoint. I'll be waiting for the #iPhone5 or even the #iPhone5S, since Apple loves adding 'S' to things! -Jared
Follow me!
CEO of Apple Steve Jobs resigns. If Apple Management is like my old boss, then management has already spent Mr. Jobs $1 salary
Don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on #iTunes #Pink&Purple Happy Halloween weekend everyone!!
Dear entertainment industry: i have a few years left to convincingly play prince harry in the kate middleton tv movie. Please get on this.
Thanks to everyone for the new follows!
yes lol i haven't met a gay man who hasn't cheated except me… if its official and we both say boyfriend/girlfriend. no cheating
Aha! Good point: layering content into QR codes means you have to be aware of the device used to read them. Don't layer Flash into it?
i know exactly how you feel babygirl
u coming to my city!
what's your cat called, Charles?
What's up doe?? Hmu?
I like the "two designs ago" design best, and I miss your "seasons" and Luna Recommends :-(
Thanks for the #FF!
Sounds like you are all ready to compete!
Can I haz yellow pants back today. I needz for partay
change ur password maybe u got hacked
Thank you for your thoughtful letter. Also, the sooner you seek help for your mental illness the better.
ii love you&&& i'll always be here fatty! :)
You were a big spark in game 1. Stay Ready Amigo!
Did you have any doubts that I am one classy bitch? I just saved a little Burgundy for my after-dinner cotton candy at Alexander's.
Miley Cyrus thanks fans - Gossip space
I treat you how you treat me. Period.
In the recipe business, it's all about the Cs: chicken, cookies, candy, cocktails, chocolate, comfort food...
we are getting a dishwasher, new electrical (outlets and lighting), sink, counter tops... the works in this little area.
Time is running out. Don't take to long.
Student writes his BA paper in Word (student-use) and years later decides to publish it? I wonder if that counts.
The one where I live is slow as hell.
I'm free if that helps =]
Your website is gorgeous... kudos!
Uganda be kidding me!
no shit. Especially since this guy got the benefit of the doubt.
Its nvr tht sweet my guy!.
I keep questioning Klout, but apparently (despite their saying so) I don't have enough Klout to change it.
he trolled Ryan Braun pretty hard, if you like that kinda stuff.
Internet down until Monday night. Maybe that's a good thing!!!
*girls yelling to Louis in a bar from across the block* Louis "wait is this an interview?" sweetie......
Woah they adopted a Puppy together?! This is getting too serious.
come on mang
we were on youtube but everything got deleted!
lol. Sorry. I was asking what that was. Year they were born maybe?
I just want to talk to my boyfriend and go to sleep.
Damn man, you have sources now? #bigtime haha...
yes it is. New phone swallows notifications.
From 4pm on, the day just got seemingly better
Loved the Urrea podcast! Definitely going to Powells on the 7th to hear him speak. Adored his piece in your Mysterious Issue.
This weather means our soups will reappear soon. Til then come in for a nice warm breakfast or lunch panini. C U soon
I don't disagree, but that doesn't negate my statement of intuitive...
im freaking out now thanku so much
time for bed;; waking up early to get on the road for bamboozle!
did you get my text at like 2:30am last night?
is your poker down? Extremely disgruntled using the service the moment extra.
Hi Kaytea! Back in SF now.
In the appropriate range to still be manly. Chest Bump and/or High five time has been earned.
I wonder what the people at think about my demo, ha. RT this!
why are you #upset?(:
bear! great to hear. life treating you well?
it annoys me when people make fun of how i hashtag so much on instagram.... youre SUPPOSED to do that
Probably - all sexy with it's chubbiness. It's a fat robin.
All of 70 east before 315 is shut down!
surprisingly it is an off brand. It's HEBs whitening and tarter control. I highly recommend it : )
i hope your grandparents are okay, i will keep them in my prayers tonight<3 #prayforjustinsgrandparents <3
If negative criticism is fact-based, create a mountain of search-optimized content to neutralize the situation
I'm on twitter a little to much haha
Congrats Ryan Smithson mentioned y'all are golfing next week.
If you say you're going to let me know, I'd appreciate if you actually did..
Today is a stay-in-bed-and-read day if there ever was one, huh, #CLT?
- I did. Last time I held a microphone in the middle of a hurricane, I found myself flying in space holding a power cord.
Word. Thought Cuse played great. Good luck to your boys tomoro.
Who is Lana Del Rey?? never heard of them!!
You don't say that kind of shit to your best friend.
33 years is fantastic! Again, congratulations! I have 23 now, and would like to go in the next 2 years.
Inuvo to Present at The Wall Street Analyst Forum on April 10th in New York City
NY had a better interior?! Negative. Amar'e isn't a post player. He shoots
Pujols tells media to talk to his bat.
Mercury is definitely in retrograde! LOL! I've decided to enjoy the ride!!
Scott heard from , the bigger the out you give, the less likely they will take it.
license plate says stunner # 1 superstar (:
Week of Churchill continues: Band of Brothers marathon in C4 (the room, not the explosive... #toosoon)
No my boo cut his hair :(
oops no its c(lastname)p at gmail
People never leave the past behind them and move on, that pisses me off.
hey friend!!
RT : Hard to focus on work after seeing Seriously talented musicians!
Timmy will always be one the NBA's top players. Underrated most definitely. Hopefully they don't fuck up in the 1st rd again
Come enjoy your 4th of July weekend on our new and improved patio!!!!!!
i would say cutting our vocal cords. does that make sense? prob not.
Ridley vs Jets or Benson vs Jags? Ryan vs GB or Hasselbeck vs. Pitt?
Gone pop that pussy for a dvd player
It was fun. I always have fun doing the show. Did you listen to any of it?
As long as the weather holds out,it should be a great day of music,good vibes & the best people that Richmond can bring out.
That shit ain't working with me.
Have a Fabulous Friday people!
Great to see riding the Monon Trail this morning.
LOL looks like 60s for you today. Enjoy another beautiful day.
Ik an awesome kid whose my like my bff and he dated my bff..but it ended nasty. Now everyone beli)ves everything his ex says, when he ...
Love the quote on your profile brother!
y'all tell me
Good morning folks, i hope you find yourselves in Good Health and in Gods grace.
Finally he from performing all day :)) all downtown !!
My soul is glad that I get you
I should call K104 right now to win that money for the back-to-back played songs. They just replayed "Marvin Gaye & Chardonnay"
Im sure we can find at least one person with a maingate or two! Imagine the looks on their faces when we return
na who mad? good night my fans luv u all!
They don't call him Leadfoot Andrus for nothing.
no, YOU'RE fantastic!
very sweet of of you, thanks!
At starbucks sittin outside then going back for some more swimming. Hope it doesn storm tonight
“: If a girl admits she likes you, know it took every ounce of courage she had.”
Steve Aoki tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A> just kidding, I wish <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
yup out there yesterday course is in great shape greens a little slow but flat
U SHOULDNT BE SITTING ON SONG PUT EM OUT THERE LET THE STREET DECIDE
I hate when you try and make me jealous because you know I like you...
“: I love love love drinks with ” well I love love love drinks with you
#FangirlingToTheUltimateExtreme I CANNOT WAIT FOR #SaySomethin ONLY
Oh good movement but the left foot shot over the bar. Good moves though.
This Wilson-Goldings-Keltner show at Blue Whale was been super great. Hoping they do it again & record an album.
The cat is a furry and adorable, but ultimately unreliable, iPad desk.
let me know how you can help out with my website!
Yep. Graduating in december.
I hate you
I'll be back when wind and fates and chance bring me back.
POTUS comes out in support of same-sex marriage. Historic day for world's fair-minded people, LGBT, straight or a combo thereof. Yes!
hahaha it'll be on your desk tomorrow
Chez spencer dinner!
When people stare at me and i dont even like them.
WATCHING TV.
I'm just a girl, standing in front of a computer screen with my dog, wishing 's book was out. I mean, that's all.
At a roundtable discussion with community leaders and reporters from
IF WE SELL 700 COUPONS THEN I'M DRAWING FOR FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! TELL YOUR FRIENDS, FAMILY, CO-WORKERS, NEIGHBORS, SPOUSE, BF, GF!!!!!!
thanx for mr jones & encouraging evry1 to move to L.A. could u sing about moving back to our sm towns now?
you got this!
That sucks!
Thank you for the fashion advice!
You have to be kidding?
Your like my favorite song on the radio I could listen to you all day your like a music video I could look at you all day Cody&gt;justin
#FreeMasonry.. think I'm gunna look more into it
Hanging in sunny, beautiful Boulder, CO!
Simple niggas. Simple hoes. I have no time#allicsnsayeasy!
I. Need. Coffee.
Dropbox or G+ depending on what kid of sharing you're doing
Really sad that won't be at DjangoCon. Isn't there a law or rule that says he has to come to these things?
Just tapped, Brewing Industrial XIPA (replaces Monk's Uncle Belgian Style Triple)
Someone said "You're doing great today cause your smiling" Just cause I was smiling? They have no idea. Aaaaahhhhhh
Wnt to conct w/ re: Fest's concerts, tv show, symposium et al please DM w priv contacts & I'll get at u about your imp. role M
If I took you home I'd be your home run. HEYY I heard you were a wild one
I've had the same DVD for months so my choice on the new Netflix price change is pretty clear. Hope they get more streaming to compensate.
We'll have a table in the webcomics area. We'll be there for a few hours every day (we'll announce our schedule in our blog).
From office storage to warehouse storage, our containers are sturdy and weather-resistant. Contact us today for more details!
tighten up
I'm with you on that complaint. I think they're busy cluttering up G+ after a streamlined start too.
will ur evening be filled w/ meeting ur neighbors?.... Maybe some cookies... Then trust... Then eventually a copy if ur house key?
No that I have anything against straight edge kids. I respect them honestly.
Lawson still outplayed Kobe..
I work way too hard on my design projects.
Haines would be my guess...
NO transition Laups!
Watching "Los Angeles Clippers at San Antonio Spurs" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
when u rush into relationship and hurry to get married it never works out.
French Lit is harder!
lakers thunder series
Marlena you are a DYNAMO RT All this Twitter love towards today is warming my cold, gypsy heart.
totally appropriate photo for an add selling projectors.
I use Netvibes to monitor. I love the dash board set up (plus it is free).
Pulled an and locked my keys in my car >_<
Idk what's wrong.. The Dr.s don't know... So.. But it could be worse..
Senior Week: A distant memory of sleeping in, little responsibility and lots of great memories. Enjoy it, seniors.
thank you! I appreciate that! Glad to know ppl are still reading :) I miss #Beirut :)
Holy Moly ... I'll see what I can do. I know a guy. His name is Sam Elliot.
Fuck. OK, so maybe it’s sorta *like* a plant. Sometimes. I want xylem, dammit!
Getting ready for tonights Bucks/Heat game at the BC, it's already crazy here, go Bucks!
Filner also says we need more solar power and wants to overhaul the border.
Actual LOL. Thanks for the Sunday night giggle. :) Welcome home!
We're happy to see so many members included in the Going Green issue, and more!
Just raided will north with flyers for the ep release show, GET FUCKIN PSYCHED
been there done that got the tshirts
Where one thing falls, another grows. Maybe not what was there before, but something new and wonderful all the same. –Bambi’s Mother
that was Spanish for "Eat this, Fidel"
thx for the mention, Jenn! Hope the trip is going well!
I'm sad I don't getta hang with my boyfriend today :( he's seriously my best friend. I feel lost without him.
my kind of super hero!
A tax planning accountant can advise how and when to buy inventory to make the most of deductions and changes in stock value (valuation).
totally agree.
I don't understand. Are you saying that this spending in the face of other priorities is ok?
Happy 59th and RIP to RFH. Wish you were here. I miss you.
Extra/unnecessary services or just overall price?
#home time to hit dah books:/t
Wonder if the Penn state ex couch was a different race. Would he be out of jail now
We are ordering more shirts! You guys get to pick one of the colors: Ready, go! (Only real colors pls). <3
HARRY POTTER AND THE ORDER OF PHOENIX (listening, actually). Started a few weeks ago, but finished.
RT : Yes! It has a known genetic link. Very important for anyone diagnosed to tell family to get tested.
What a beautiful drive across the Sunshine Skyway Bridge yesterday and today. Sunshine and blue water and blue skies with white clouds.
In Obama Admin, number of oil leases granted on federal lands is 40% lower than 10 yrs ago; lowest since 1984. One offshore lease in 2011.
Prom was great but now my body is swore!
Formula for success: under promise and over deliver. Tom Peters
YES! Can't wait!
when you coming back to Brooklyn? Bashmentssss
Cats in the cradle <3
Maybe you should just stick to ARMA conferences BOO
Knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power.
February 10, 2012 The Natural History #Museum will launch an experience that you will #NeverForget. #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition....
::shrugs I thought you were one of the good ones:: :: adds to collection::
Dorritoes over hoes any day bro.
Work hard, play hard.
Man, students have flocked to our Learning Lab! Cheers to great campus study spots!
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand "Can you even reach the pedals?" "Oh she got jokes, yeah i can reach the pedals...i think?"
What concerts is everyone going to this summer?
awh thanks girl. They're fine. It's my mom. She has terrible migraines that sends her to the ER. :( it sucks.
“If you ever have to support a flagging conversation, introduce the topic of eating” ~ Leigh Hunt
That's awesome.
yerr i watched you on da deal hit me up i got crazy beats and rap www.myspace.com/mebruklin ....old shit hit me up for new shit!
Thanks, Nicole. It was a beautiful morning to run.
number of hot dogs I sold>amount you ate times 100
I'll definitely take a camera on the course w/me the next time I do a Rugged Maniac. The pics coming out of the mud would've been awesome.
the rally was such an incredible show of support for his family. Thank you for the kind words.
So it's Bush's fault?
we r on day 3 of the sickies; so far just the 3 year old; i suspect the 9 & 7 year olds are waiting till we leave 4 spring break
makes great point that the SM world is a perfect outlet for "shy" authors to socially engage and create relationships
digging it :) Anyway to report misclassified articles?
Did you know YouTube can transcribe videos? Not great quality, but not bad either. When edit info, click on Captions tab.
P.K.C.M coming soon
another element: how much work staff perform vs all done by consultants. Many factors in IT.
"I'm just trying to get comfortable…" oh I'm TOTALLY using that line.
Soundclick is the best site in the world to sell beats online, but using social media like Facebook and Twitter is KEY to your success
I bet it was quite relaxing. I do hope we go something similar.
Toxic algae is extremely turbided the waters with toxic wastes...my hope is to get EPA to do something soon before it is too late.
please send me another spam DM, it makes me so happy.
natural Hispanic girl catholic entrapment.
THEYRE SINGING WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL ON GLEE
Looking at while shes in Bio trying to get her attention & throwing the duces up at her ...
I might be able to drive home :)
THANKS !!!!!!!": May enjoy the happiest of days today and many more to come. Happy Birthday!"
come to Ohio?(:
I think the dude who invented peach tea and Carmel apples has done me alot me good... I guess I'm a disciplined pot head
Hang on Lakers, less than 10 seconds
Does anyone know if there is a way to sync Outlook w/ Google Calendar?
Sorry about your failed marriage, guy with the Hooters shirt and matching cap.
Don't even...
where are you guys from in TX?
At any given moment I'm at least two steps into the process of purchasing tickets to London.
checkout my beats and songs, facebook.com/PACMANG74PRODUCTIONS or soundclick.com/pacmang74productions
My printer has a mind of its own...
Justin isn't performing, he recorded the performance after the Today Show on Wednesday (11/23)
Guatemalan Proverb Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.
Your negativity is bringing me down Debbie
Done getting ready! Prom time!!
Jus a couple more days
RT : All is well! Getting married next march.- omg congratulations!!!
: Love the margaritas! Love the sun! Love You FACE!
Watts is OPEN until 4pm today! Last minute gifts, beautifully wrapped. Or stop in for a lovely lunch.
Donnt worry my sister annoys me too
Also, referrals +royalties! refer any customer and YOU get paid with every order!
omg im #watching #BILLIEjean its been a long time
I have groom for 2nd block & I saw it
Ranch dressing is the anti-bacon. It makes everything it touches disgusting.
M&N trending! Our fanbase gets stuff done!
Looking forward to catching up again later this month. Thanks for sending the boxing video. Big Eagles game tonight!
I could say that about a lot of movies.
yeah it was. Roger was especially hilarious.
Omw home from the studio. High lifes gud thank u god thats the only thing that come to mind
already thank u
I love your business model, I've been looking to invest in a company doing what you're doing, we must chat more.
started to but for bored with the laker game. U?
thanks, Meredith! We look forward to serving you delicious, healthy pizza soon :) Have a great weekend!
I realize that I am OCD about the physical shape of code. I hate, hate, hate the sight of a top- or bottom-heavy block.
don't be hating.
It has always killed me that a bag costs $200. A nice one, but still just a bag.
MT : We talk a lot about games in museums, but where're the museums in games?
If only i had a bald eagle in front of me...
Thank you. ! We are super excited!!!
Get it in
hahaha don't worry you will get used to it
Let me go ahead and get up
I heard if you go in the bathroom and say "Bloody Mary" three times Reggie Evans will appear.
you staying for the hole trial
and 3 they try to fit in clothes they cant because they need that lip reader to tell them they are too fat to fit
fuqqqq it I don't wanna go to court!
haha aww i doubt that! I still fan girl a little every time I meet him and he doesn't think i'm weird..at least I don't think :P
Amazing part of history, isn't it?
wimpy as well, but working back up. It takes time and balance :)
So how's everyone feel about the Academy Awards #oscar nominations? Who got snubbed?
Bucks Nets refs are calling the most bs calls right now
Ok Raven Nation is the kind of Baltimore fan we need more of. Just listen to him on the podcast. "Suggs v Uggs"
I was glad to be a part of it! Great to talk about #mobile and catch up.
Went out to eat with a couple of my cousin then to the movies
Be a part of something great! Start your degree today. Call 1-617-603-6942! Move your career forward and SHINE!
REMINDER: Deadline for submissions for upcoming "Smile, Hon, You're in Baltimore!" No. 13 is Friday, August 13, 2010!
I HATE odd Thursday's. Eugh
I AM TEMPTED TO TYPE LIKE THIS ALL DAY TO PUNISH YOU FOR REPLACING CAPSLOCK WITH NEW TAB.
Do any of you guys watch the Atlanta Real Housewives? Cuz wtf is up with Phaedra's boobs?!
I must confess.. Tavo makes the best Porn Stars I've ever tried! :)
trafficker: negates the personal sovereignty of victims Abolitionists: negates the personal sovereignty of sex workers: SAME
packing while my bf cooks breakfast then were off to catch our flight
I almost made it this upcoming week for AdTech! I'll let you know next time I am down there.
for sure man, thank you for the follow!
Today from 12-4pm come visit our tent at Whole Foods Market (Waterman St in Providence) East Side block party!!!!
but is he as imposing
Things are going really well! Just got back from an entrepreneur networking event which was a lot of fun
": No, but seriously, I'm jacked for THE AVENGERS. I think it's gonna rule the summer..."//um, one word: darkknightrises.
No, confirmed it! RT Did I miss the point when I thought "he ate a whole family pack, awesome" :) good article.
Keep an eye out for our KickStarter in the next couple days!
Awww, I liked her on the show. RT Charla Krupp, a style expert & friend of TODAY, lost her battle w/breast cancer. She was 58.
Pinebrook parent says, "Does Loudoun County not want to keep its competitive edge? What you are planning to do will backfire!"
I really hate twitter RT “: Best Players in NBA history (in order) 1. Kobe . 2. Lebron . 3. Jordan . Point . Blank . Period .”
Uh oh, are you not liking your awesome cut anymore? I've been thinking of doing something similar with mine!
In Darkest Day, In Blackest Night. No Evil Shall Escape My Sight...
we should both go to elitches this summer! :-)
You do the most adorable things without even realizing it.
Stroll in early!
uh :o
Happy 1st Mother's Day to my wife, Jennifer!
try it!!! Besides you like nasty stuff in your mouth! Hahaha jk jk
"gone in 60 seconds".
I wanna do somthing Or go somewhere -_-
Up & awake , time for school !
Hush now child, I'm off to see your father
especially not to chicago. We'll see what we have learned and can correct. Love conference play.
please follow or me mostly me and u will be followed by many plz follow me thnk u!!!!!!
Saw two little girls outside who were viciously arguing in French. It's actually cute when kids whine in another language.
Sorry! I spelled wine wrong!! oooppppsss!! Little tipsy
RT When you have to say goodbye, believe that it happens because you will say hello for someone new ~Unknown
Lets Go DBACKS
going to Melrose, Ma to see the great Paul Bearer on Saturday ! Good time coming !
Yep I just put raw eggs in my hair ... Don't judge me lol
Happiness is Chicago!
Life feel so good
Solved feb 13th NY times crossword with MY name in it this morning. Cosmic good sign for my #are4 exam today.
So cool! --->>>RT About to board the 787
hm never even heard of it. I've only been to Madison and Milwaukee and up by Green Bay
It's awesome to be in LoDo for opening day - Go rox!
Confess your lack of forgiveness to God. Today, make a list of people who have wronged you whom you need to offer grace to.
good look homie shut dis show,down n got,booked for anutha aye wat can a I say? God is good +good music=gigantic money
Whose closet is this?! Wow!
I agree that the early bird gets the worm but I need to better regulate not waking up this early when I don't need to...augh!
everything we had..everything we had is no longer there,you'll be with me everywhere I go, thru the eyes of a fly on the wall
When people text short responses when i try to carry a conversation, it hits a nerve
Happy Easter!
Taking naps when its raining>>>>
#Chiefs Rookie Camp- Wylie has some impressive speed and explosion out of his cuts. He can get separation in a hurry. Great flexibility.
Happy Anniversary!
getting treatment #5; we'll see how goes.
Yes, I'm still very much into you.
hell yeah. I'll probably go there for senior year. We'll be on the wrestling team together
I don't like how I look without my glasses ~.~
I like them! Did you do them yourself?
Crazy, Busy Morning! Finally get to relax and catch up!
has been eliminated
Wad up my brother?!
HBO Cancel's Jonathan Ames HBO show Bored to Death What's wrong with them.. I'm shattered, love that program.
I've got nothing against Monday mornings. It's the inspirational quotes that make me cranky.
Happy MLK day!
I read this morning & liked. Balanced and informative. Reforms are needed, focus on sustainable devel akin to goals of SB375 .
- already checked last week. No hits
LIFE just one big puzzle im still tryna figure out...
Its gunna be a great day. It just HAS to be.
thanks Gerald!! Hope all is well!!:)
Wow. Great day and wonderful evening. I am so happy and blessed.
The worst thing about censorship is x x x x x x x x xx x x x x x
yes! let's talk - email us at
Our EP sounds great. Can't wait to finish it and share it with all you guys.
ME TO!
I could so go for a steak right now ..
Happy Thanksgiving!
PLEASE follow ! IT IS Jaden Smith's FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! please go follow & support (clearly you love himtoo!
That's great!!
Getting excited about seeing perform with at the Spriing Into Summer Concert!
woe in the what now? :O
hey great meeting you last night Jeff.
Just casually sitting on ya know, it's all good :)
#plotTwist does clean vocals
Who's ready for tomorrow's one day sale? 9a.m. - 8p.m.!
“A mistake proves that someone at least tried.”
Thanks! It's going to be a great event. And yes would like to show in the SF Ocean Film Fest. They screen environmental Films.
Ha! Very impromptu meet up in Davis. We're at Red Bones now.
A U ROOKIES FUCKED SPENT ALL THAT MONEY ON SHIT. YALL POSE TO THAT DEAL IN RAN WIT GOFF ASS NBA
little red
Amazing morning on the Seattle #waterfront!
i wonder if i can get to 7,300 today?
Full nerd awesomeness on stage right now. I love U of C students.
"If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive."
you're the only reason I ever know what day it is.
Do I detect a spherical tag cloud? Yes, I do!
Who arques on Twitter? STFU ,,And Broke? BITCH I HAVE MORE MONEY THEN YOUR LIFE INSURRANCE STOP IT LIL BITCH.
my favorite number is 69
okay !!x
ah roid rage! Sosa and McGuire! To jack asses
We're flying into LAX on June 16 to head to Venice Beach. Then on the 20th we'll drive to Anaheim. I'm flying home from Santa Ana.
“: Call me crazy but I love KUSC membership drives. i learn more about classical music than at any other times.” // You're crazy!
Once again, if you are getting random messages from me don't open them. I'm trying to get that shit fixed
Follow my alter ego (as a Senior PR Executive) on Twitter
from Missouri Botanical Garden talking about The Plant List at the 5th Global Plants Initiative Annual Meeting in Madrid, Spain
P.S. from #AllPeoples quoted Alabama's 1st black federal judge U.W. Clemon: b/c of HB56 "the Hispanic man is the new Negro."
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
Research and Markets: Java For Everyone: Compatible with Java 5, 6, and 7, 2nd Edition
Damn it. is out for the year. will have to make an immediate impact.
me, too.
thank you lovebug!!!
I love that :) RT : Quiet the mind... Drop into your heart.
Thank you for the mention! :)
Website and "Poitier" video 99%(Occupy Wallstreet Chicago) WILL PREMIERE next week....stay tuned!!!>>
Deon you are going down in FIFA!
The rain is so calming...
hello sir ! Miss your positive energy:$)
My brother actually remembers Vinny. Omfg.
Road trip complete!
I'm going to be on Coast to Coast AM tomorrow nite! To talk on my book Jesus Is No Joke
Fancy clothes on. Name tag affixed. Super smile in place. We are go for in-coming freshman open house.
Good morning world. Hope everyone is having a good day. The weekend is upon us.
Way to make everything worse
"he bending over Backwards just to see if he can Have it !' -</3
#Giovanni opening night - luckily I get to watch rather than have my head buried into the score!
Hey! Portland's light rail was just featured on Factory Made! Specifically, the Siemens factory in Sacramento that makes the cars. :)
“: new song/video is so awesome! Gonna make my white boyfriend serenade me with it haha!” me too!
Tim and Noell are back from tour! Tonight we are rehearsing songs for our gig this Saturday. Any requests?
oh my mjfox was there?
Jacob Martin/ Justin Moore April 30th. Type it in your calenders!
Maybe, but it's the funniest fucking failure of humanity eva.
Direct and to the point. I liked it
Let's hope they win tonight ... Travel Safe ...
I am stoked over the NCAA Tournament. Memphis is my team, they play tomorrow night. Lately, the team has been playing with grit and fire.
I just like those conversations. Very informative.
My Gods not dead, He is surely alive. He's living on the inside, roaring like a lion. He's roaring like a lion.
Imma need her to stop texting me -_-
You are creating your own life. If you don't like your life, you can change it - mentally, emotionally, and spiritually.
I emailed you a while back and I just wanted to thanks for responding to my email and adding me on YouTube
Good things come to those who wait...a year and a half...
when words fail..music speaks
Your so preety dont let anyone bring u dwn. I would die if u replied or retweeted
good morning man!
What movie should I go see tonight??
You are going to need to purchase a 3rd apt and try and not ruin it this time.
Send awesome weather vibes! FREE Independence Day Celebration this Saturday at 8:30pm at RiverStage in Jeff -- Riverside & Spring St
always! I just never know what she'll do next lol
Is an infographic appealing to a hiring manager for a new librarian?
Sure. Happy to help.
I also like Family Guy the episode you're speaking of is hilarious. Keep tweeting maybe we have more in common. Tweet!
Ok im up.... good morning
What's everybody doing today?
To Grady Carter the BEST photographer on this side of heaven. YOU made me look great! Thanks much.
very moving, thank you
I love you Lord, and I need your help today. Help me to walk in love all day long.
they mite try to make him play WR likee brad smith
You guys got all my votes - Knock 'em dead next week!
Finished shooting lastest subject in rental studio in NYC On 24 hrs notice able to procure location props & food You can rent ANYTHING here
I miss
I will be listening! RT : you'll hear us throughout Portland! :-)
My day gets ruined when just one person pisses me off.
i have a 3 month summer! :)
U should come to martha's vineyard to be my date @ my bday fundraiser party on Nov 20th
hey Austin i <3 u so very much & wish u and ur mom the best for the new year im sending videos to JB constantly lol hopefully he will c 1
yup!! Well be careful tonight! Have fun!
USA has great levels of teaching artistry and partnerships btn cultural orgs and schools/nonprofits - Eric Booth
Great show tonight
another day, another engagement on facebook
Big thanks to our sponsor Regular Joe Consulting ( , ), for helping to make #mwux12 possible!
trying to upload my collage of my pictures to background, maybe I better do not.It's weird HTML
Norah Jones may have written the ultimate cheating tune w Miriam.
will you boyz perform in New York City anytime soon? If you see this please follow
Well, I won't watch The Naked Prey the same way ever again.
cannot wait for AGT tomorrow. Love what you and bring to the show. Now with should be even better
No effing way was that a dirty hit. You might as well take hitting out of hockey if u call Brown's hit dirty.
Heys Everybody it's your girl Carly Go follow my bff Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top!!
: now see, that's what confused me, that the word can mean anything from Mayan calendar to nuclear war.
Sometimes I see kids trying to be thugs and I feel embarassed FOR them. Should I let them embarrass me by embarrassing themselves?
I DON'T SEE WHY IT'S SO HARD FOR A JUKEBOX TO PLAY THE SUPERTRAMP SONGS I PAID CASH MONEY FOR
How is the fight to SAVE KUSF going? You have my full support from down here in Texas! Keep fighting the good fight.
Exercise of the day: Ball Bottoms-Up Advanced - The Ball Bottoms-Up Advanced version provides even more challenge in developing your...
Come on #GRIZZ we at home
lol nope all for ME
TRAFFIC: Crash - Stoughton Rd @ Buckeye Rd - in the median, police on the way.
¦ I never get tired of that movie.
See you both at CSA!
I'm begging y'all to follow They're doing amazing things and they deserve this! THEY WILL EVEN FOLLOW BACK. <3
Feeling MUCH better.... :)
Why must everything on hip hop radio be about sex and drugs? Try something NEW!
all of you guys are actually so amazing for following the account and the band. i know I don't tweet all the time but this is great really(:
Who the fuck tears the last pages out of a book?
Hanging with and !
Sneeze one more time!! Imma shove cotton balls up your nose and socks down your throat!!
Holy crap. Why are there high-schoolers trick or treating?
get starbury back from china
On the 12th day of Christmas the Courtyard Portland City Center gave to me, a hotel only 12.5 miles from the airport!
50k I think.
Just the way some people acted after the game.
lol man I just got like 45 spam messages I'm mad af
Alot of people seem to be having a great 2012 so far....You?
Some nights I just lay in bed and download new a bunch of new apps before I go to bed lol
I'm in the mood to go out for lunch. Who's in/near Bellevue and up for a quick jaunt and random conversation?
Our team is filming Mayor Jim Suttle today! Happy Thanksgiving from , ,
I too am running for the 18th. Registered with the GAB already. Good luck to your brother and us all.
*writes that down*
Is it dirty or what? : Lebron James mouthpiece make him look like he got missing teeth.
Cold water weighs less than hot water.
Thx, most of the stats I cite come from a spreadsheet I keep on the various scores.
Good luck (:
I don't think anyone can understand how excited I am for Jack White's new album, Blunderbuss. Can it be the 23rd now?
Finally, we got the winner for the Padres game ticket! We hope you are having fun on that day :)
Mike Miller brings me great displeasure. That is all.
can we renn faire on the 22? I want to make plans for this Sat.
follow back?
Do yourself a favor, stop whatever you're doing and call 719-26-OATES right now. Safe for work, too.
Thanks Ali!! We're definitely trying haha
Really jealous of everyone seeing the Avengers!
you was all over the tv tonight, cheesin' like a mofo! Nice catch
No point thinking about someone who doesn’t give a shit about you anymore
Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely
Wow! That's pretty awesome! If they need another "bestie" I have some decent references!. :)
Women hearts beat faster than men. - Via the Funny Facts Free app
I'm sorry for your loss. Just know that now she's another angel watching over you<3
Would love it if someone offered to pay me in waffles!
Leadership is more tribal than scientific, more a weaving of relationships than an amassing of information. Max DePree
The Toney Douglas- JR Smith backcourt is scary. Plenty of forced shots to come
lmao ah its funny!!:b RT She sounds hideous!x)RT : this is Jake from Statefarm!:b
wonderful evening at the julep thanks for a true southern hospitality
nah I haven't buy think it would prob b a little scary. I wonder how it grew that large. Cld it be a butterfly/bat cross?
#IUsedToThink if I slept with my feet out the covers something would pull me under the bed and eat me
crazy. dreamed about #ghostedhouse -- and ghost -- last night...
Gonna be Jack Skellington for Halloween :D so excited! - Diana
Great presentation today at #parallels - I love data and the power it has, your presentation was empowering!
ha yes - I just figured that out. I may be guilty of overusing "wow" - time to mix it up with some, "interesting" and "amazing"
How the hell are you not the muse of an artist?
very good little bro :)
Lmfao how is that not weird...?
Barney frank on receiving the H award: " I've been wishing for it"
i followed you!
sure thing. I am very excited to see what happens to you all now that #crowdfunding has passed! Now is the time to get press!
2 songs done
you will meet him someday , your wish is going to come true ! <3
How many Milwaukee fans are doing the double-header?
Hi Jeff. No 4G in Dansville as of yet, but we're aggressively expanding. The goal is to cover our entire footprint by 2013.
watching the ustrream video you tweeted. please follow!!
Thank you for the welcome, Ms. Travers! :)
First day of school today! Middle school for oldest - little worried.
Only you can be accountable for your happiness. When you realize this it's time to start making changes.
24 weeks till
yes you will!
great post, thank you for the insight
Just finished a school author visit in Olean, NY. Now it's on to the Amish classrooms of Winesburg, Ohio.
Chop chop time...
follow me????? im ur number #1 fan. 6 years i have had a crush on u love u <3 <3
Drinking at the waterfront
BOOM and just like that its FRIDAY!!! #TGIF #PDX We have happy hour starting at 330pm! Cold libations and hot food! See ya then -LR
Steve Smith: The Beatles at the movies - Pasadena Star-News
For the people who r reading my ICONic Boy Love Story...im posting part 5 6 and maybe even 7! Look in my favs for my story
To be honest, Twitter doesn't have a point!
TRAFFIC ALERT: All lanes blocked on I-94 WB at MM 254 before HWY 73 due to a traffic incident, use alternate routes.
New social media rules do not ban Twitter & Facebook; Walcott urges "appropriate & accepted use of these powerful resources."
Hungry! No food
#FF #FollowFriday RT : "work harder to find a cure for cancer or build a car that can parallel park by itself?" - science
Some people work on projects, some people just come to hang out and drink beer. Last night we had a MAME setup.
sweet Serena! I second that...if I may lol
man I wish I knew what year. I decided not to sell it afterall. Who needs a car when you got a nighthawk?
Game Night + Wii Tennis + Alcohol = Broken TV
Do you think Splendoras would donate gift certificates for the saturday event?
Off of work finally
Sailing today in sunny sausalito. I love my job!
I WANT MY PICTURE IN THE POSTER. EVEN THOUGH I'LL NEVER HAVE IT.
that song was greatly written
Hey man, what kind of summing mixer do you use?
After Lately is on! I'm so watching it!
Feeling more social than usual today so somebody better entertain me! lol
And no, I don't feel happy and rested ;-)
m greasy solly's burger (well half a burger) was delicious
Big Bully Vandersloot: "Take that (totally true) story about me off your blog, or I'll sue you!" Rachel Maddow: "No."
Alyssa legit just gave me her 200$ Ray Bands. Oh my god.
Sharks/Red Wings, Caps/Lightning >>
TGIF, oh no, it's Monday? Well hurry Friday, get here! We have Snow Black Sunday Friday and I am too excited!
mine lasts forever! Been texting most of the day took it off the charger at 7:20, and only at 57% battery.
The #Nuggets are dictating the tempo thus far.
you ready for dilemma? That fool taking all kinds of noise about your battle. U gotta bring it
TrendSetter, You Clone Life
Wing Ding >>>
RT : AP: WI GOPer Kim Simac says "she shouldn’t be expected to know particulars about bills in the Legislature." bit.ly/qguYjI
whoooohoooo! It's all happening!!!
Thanks for the RT this morning to help share our mission today! Greatly appreciated!
hi guys, because of the code/prog. i have to delete all pics on my site n reupload, prev links wont work, sorry!
Every Kiss tweet back #candyheartmessage starting with E today!
we should still hangout on that day!
interesting but high bar to usage. points to need for tools for users to archive what they think important. see zotero commons
What is your American Dream? I always find people have it, as do I. The question I ask myself is what did I do to make it reality today?
Aww man, so I cant lie on Facebook anymore? I'm outta here
It's still TBD - we know she's coming to PDX, but we don't have an official date. I promise I'll tell you as soon as I know!
awe thanks! Im gonna dance for you know who <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
it was informative discussion, would love to learn more about hesitation about Japanese pitchers
<U+200E>"Not everything that is more difficult is more meritorious." St. Thomas Aquinas
Ah, empathy is a good trait. You will go far in this world.
SUBJECT LINE I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD WANT TO READ: "Jim -- Jack Abramoff needs you" via
Time for the second half of my bike ride for the day. If you see me come by on that GSXR throw a flag up
I have your crack, come and get it.
Blessed to be a blessing to others. God is AMAZING. Even thru the storm, I can't believe how blessed I am :)
Who agrees? is one of the best HALO players?
o New twitter background :)
Good morning has anyone heard of Green Pancakes and green beer for breakfast ? well that will be on my best friends table. yummy !
miss you!
that said we disappointed Dietz by being too faithful with Nina ;)
yepp and it totally sucks bro.
Come join us for 10 emails to automate today!
Thank You!! I thought Elena's makeup looked different (sad that I notice, I know). It was the 60's eye makeup. :)
THIS CANNOT BE. YOU WON'T BE LAUGHING AT ME, AT ALL.
Hell yes and u rocked the DP show as well!!
Having dinner with my girl @ Henry's Puffy Tacos, drinking some Pina Coladas!!
I'm a fake account.
Happy Amy Adams is a Terrible Actress Day!
Ricky Williams joins Ravens with 2-year contract.
horrible boses on HBO (y)
Haha that thing like explains it all lol
My Spanish teacher is Annoying Af!
Justin's middle name is Drew.
RT finish the thought a guys genitasl would have inflamed before it was touched
Know how ice can fall on you out of the cup? I did that today with an entire milkshake! 2 hours later, and I can still smell chocolate.
Not quite where I wanna be, but far from where I used to be...
Having a lovely day off :) gonna get some breakfast!
Finally have some time to watch #NBCdebate. Seems things have changed and other candidates have started attacking front runner, Romney.
yes, and no problem (:
Hello friends! I've been slowing down on tweets since the new format... it's not that I'm a Luddite but change is--well, change.
mac-n-cheese brodie wats good homie plug me in and share me i could use the support get ppl to follow me
im well working hard is all
Not everybody
Thegympro.com has a new look and great features. Twitter fans, type in "fit" in the promo code and hit redeem. Retweet to your followers!
Lifeson, JP, and recently Mike Orlando
Yes bitch,igot goals
All i ever wanted to be is what you need me to be......
Anyone in MKE going to the Tech Social in Madison? We're a sponsor but our attendee is too sick to go. We need a messenger for our schwag!
Happy Mothers Day but fuck work
Check out our newest blog post at crzroadtrip.blogspot.com featuring our trip to LSU!
When Asian golfers tee off, there's so much pressure for them not to be bad drivers.
and now the Rolex
Rt for a confession?
best news I've heard all week!!! cc
Spend One Night...And I Bet..It Would Be,,,The Best Night...#OfYoLife!
thank you for the follow!
#Lrt So true
Monday evening LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
much appreciated!
Chilly morning, no?
You, yes YOU! (you know who I'm talking about) yeah well, you deserve a HIGH-5, in the face, with a shovel....
We do guarantee to provide supplies for 7 yrs after a product is discontinued, but usually go longer. Ex: Made J740 ink till Mar '11
Yes, you heard me. If you're not there, we'll drink your share.... That wasn't intended to rhyme, Chelsa...
I LOVE SHE IS MY LIFE IM ACTUALLY IN LOVE WITH HER SHE IS AMAZING MY ICON!!!!!
Its raining here in #NC #Fayetteville and im sitting on my porch admiring the gentle breeze and the soft sound of rain drops
2nite: Duos by Malian kora player Ballake Sissoko & French cellist Vincent Segal. Plucky, warm, transformative chamber music performed LIVE.
I'm watching EVERY pick in this NFL draft
selling buying notes, debt management company, busy but week from hell
I am so stoked for in Orlando w/ ! This going to be so awesome!
Watching #RPTV "awesome"
“The life of a man consists not in seeing visions & in dreaming dreams, but in active charity &in willing service” -H. Wadsworth Longfellow
tx love
holy cow! the valdeon cheese at #jaleo is like eating milky peyote. funky, psychedelic cheese. omg
I am pretty sure you should not be cutting off Charles Barkley during halftime... c'mon TNT/ TSN
I can't wait to go to the Reds game tomorrow.
Rooting for Rick Santorum. Only candidate that can defeat Obama in the Midwest (key swing states). Also like Ron Paul. Both No BS
awesome possum!! I hope I get it
(The ABC's Of Blackness. (The Strong Collection.) – at amazon.com.)
Extra innings!!
Treating skin of color with lasers can be more difficult because laser energy can be taken up my melanin pigment-harming the skin.
"Oh you're looking delicious in that maroon polo today ;)" - me trying to flirt
Hey lady, how is Wednesday or Friday looking for you? Hope you had a fab time shopping xx
And congrats to honorable mentions & for
did you get the tweet where i tweeted my number? Lol
Spankin and rankin, slicin and dicin with General That's right, Team S&R is now taking cooking classes!
Thank you so much.
RT : sigh,i can only hope to get an *illionth* of the love he got when its my time. 09 is a banner year: We gained a pres & a king
why do I always eat such a huge lunch when I have to go out for dinner party why???????????????? ok. I am finished. photos to follow.
It's so weird seeing Will Arnett on SVU, I just can't take him seriously.
I feel like I've been retweeting way more than normal lately (the smart-ass in me wants to say, "Retweet if you agree.").
that's what's up! How your day going?
I love watching the Flyers just bc the crowd is a sea of orange. They support their team every game.
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to my fellow 9-year-olds
Sporting. Kansas City. Game On.
There is something wrong with the radio when Taylor Swift comes on right after Stevie Wonder.
never settle
Yes, really--I heard the same thing.
Good morning, Ms. Walker. It's good I'm far from "perfect" *eyes flaring with humor* Though, I do enjoy a good beer.
THAT'S FUNNY!
very exciting! It's a great choice for your first NM Phil experience. Share your thoughts with us after the concert!
Superbowl here we come!
love it there bro
Opinions are the cheapest commodities in the world.
Thanks for letting Steph know about CCF! Appreciate the reco.
aw why
Ate way too much sugar 2day. I will be lucky if I can avoid the cavity fairy.
The struggle is real.
Not able to work at Reno Collective today? We have an IRC channel too: #renocollective on freenode, join us!
They all do!!! RT ROMNEY makes me want to THROW UP!!!!!
pleassseee follow me(:
I love that our recording studio staff draw incredible things while waiting for videos to render. Will have to post a photo sometime.
sudo bring-me "skillet seared NY Strip, baked Potato, grilled Asparagus"
You're welcome. Hope you all have a wonderful week!
yeah. And yet they could still realistically rescue it. Amazing.
medium or medium rare?
I just don't know what to do anymore
SHE SAID SHE WORKS HARD FOR HER MONEY!!
Did JK ever say who Luna ends up with? Loved her character.
You should have profile settings go on browser not the app !
haha no i didnt forget. just kept puttin off finishing cause of all this school work.
Loved the #Castle episode last night. Can't wait to see part 2!!
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. We lost a great genius, a visionary and someone who knows how to execute the ideas right. Sad news.
Also, Hunger Games honestly sounds kinda dope.
": Honestly needs to get a blackberry" no I'll stick to my android :)
my dad got his post season tickets on Friday we are pumped for the playoffs!!!
not yet but I shall when the baby takes a nap :)
Keek is awesome!!!!
It's okay Tiago, you're playing great D!
I should make a list of all the challenges and opportunities I encounter doing this integration project.
is my phone background
Just arrived at #mybxb Community News Summit in Chicago.
gettin the urge to close up and go home m THE URGE
You know, I think I've started watching 2012 about 12 times now, and I can never get past the plane part @
Tom Brady has broken the Super Bowl record for consecutive completions previously held by his idol Joe Montana.
just gave me goose bumps! Your so bad! ;-)
awww, that sucks :(
C'mon #Mariners , you can do it.
Today is the day ... the 3rd Annual Tom Jones is Welsh Pub Crawl! Join us on Milwaukee's Eastside this evening!
When celebs complain that they hate paparazzi but they move to the LA where all the paparazzi are........ -____-
Yep, I'm talking about tech swagger (aka geek confidence).
Althea - this time they tweeted stolid obstinacy
That's awesome news... congrats... downtown?
sir... shall we condone this ill shit? absolutely...
This is scary as shit.
hey like no joke!~! someone tweet me! :)
We must act within our people's experience - and act outside of the experience of our adversaries.
I just commented on a sports blog. Next thing you know, I'll be showing up for homecoming in an RV, plaid pants, talking about good ol days.
great to hear brother thanks. Keep being you
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait. ~Jos<U+FFFD> Simons
Up and running, a lot to do this morning!! Happy Monday!
What's the range of a tuba? About twenty yards, if you have a good arm.
Yes RT : Attention everyone on Twitter: do not use an auto reply that tells people to check you out on Facebook. Ever. Thanks.
i want football season to start again so i can see Tebow kick Denver's asses now that he'll be traded to another team. Thanks Manning!
Flight 647 is much better than flight 768. Seat in first, internet access at 39,000 feet, and coffee and baileys
missing my babes...
get that smash hit wit everybody
I love with all my heart <3
So Fucking Hungry && This Bitch Wont Wake Up So I Can Tell Him Im Hungry .
Happy Mother's Day! :)
: as same! And makes me wanna watch it! Am I right or am I right
Relax today for a balanced life. Think to yourself or clear your mind. Focus on breathing & thinking only positive thoughts.
Enjoying a 2011 #Matilda from - what a nice finish!
is this in your basement??
HaHa! course if you're busy...we understand & we'll definitely take a raincheck! Cuz thats how we roll! Xo
I refuse to discuss it any further, in fear that I become part of the problem.
Hi I know u wont see this but i have been tryin Follow2dream&my dad said if you follow Or RT this he will accept my dream Pls?
I just tweeted that. Keep up lol
Goodnight :D to rest beautiful dreams <3 :D
Vitale's lawyer, Martin Weinberg, up next before jurors get a lunch break.
Hey guys thanks for burying the Pens oh wait its a 4 game series and no matter what I will still watch/support them 1000%.
Fort Bragg.....why you gotta be 782 miles away
Rep. Tim Holden wants industrial farms to dump animal waste into the Chesapeake Bay? His CD is 60% Dem. He voted down health care.
ur very mean ya kno that my boi friend is rite here and u put tht up there smh
have you tried using CPCC Secure?
will do. probably a miss this time but I'm down every couple months. will figure something out soonish.
which leads to present thoughts as well as past? Course some students did keep pointing out that that was a different time.
Thanks for the heads up! How could I forget the rook?! Can't wait to see you hit the field DJ!
Dream project: To be in an X-Men, as a mutant. Or anything directed by Tim Burton. :)
A new #occupyoakland camp has been set up at 19th and Telegraph
Watching Americas got talent!(:
d.o.p.e quotes
I Didn't Like It ... I LOVED IT <3
Always, dudes. RT my wife is mention-deficient. can anyone help her out?
They lost?
Thanks for the follow. If there is any thing I can do for you , please don't hesitate.
Appears as of Wesley Specht still faces indeterminate prison sentence.
Is it weird that I am kind of addicted to Dance Moms?
Oh! this is the willie nelson cover of "the scientist" #grammys commercials
Working on some cool new tracks for LA Post Music!
u tweeted dat 2 me already
Let us beat the bushes all round the wagon
Stay tuned for more details! All RTers will have first dibs in contest rules!
Detroit Startup Drinks is Tuesday. Do you have your business cards? Our events are about building teams. No speaker. No agenda.
#Beerfest Beers: New Belgium: Fat Tire Ranger IPA Dig Clutch Blue Moon: Blue Moon Blue Moon Seasonal New Blue Moon Testers
Lipushiau, 2380 B.C., was the first named drummer in known history
I bet you gone wear that same dingy ass Hollister shirt with them faded ass jeans with your with them LEANING ass chucks bih
Hey Josh Koster is making the interns promote the hashtag #happyBdaysteffi, think you could help us out?
Woke up with a hangover. At the hospital with lil brother. Then gotta go meet up with the birds
Thank you for coming in & so happy we were able to seat your group. Hope you had a great night!
Twitter spring cleaning
ohh.. i remember watching tht show =) those were the timez
Salah its better to cry on a bmw rather than bicycle RT
This city is far too cool for me.
o no he didn't...ok we will win now!
Can't wait to get lined up tomorrow
The best thing about free association is that it doesn't cost anything.
Thanks Crate & Barrel!!
Everything is funny when it happens to someone else.
Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts!!!!
Jersey shore season 4 is now on BITCHES............. xoxoxoxoxo's
Thanks V. Praying for you and your family as well.
BMTH flashback time...
Tally..are you ready for me cause I'm here :))))
pimp me around the world k thanks
Im sorry for not giving a shit about the #kimkardashian getting a divorce. She'll always be the sancha until her good looks go away.
Thank you! We're very excited!
Bob Marley's music is possibly the most chill thing you can ever listen to
Another Texas rainy day. The rain drop are bigger in TX.
Not us.
They want me to remix rhianna cake song, so look for that
My new year's resolution is that i'm going to eat healthier. Do you have one in mind yet?
i was listenin 2 marketplace on npr this morning and wondering what u thought about groupon! thx 4 sharing :-)
To those Romney voters with income between $200,000 - $400,000, Romney doesn't relate to you. He actually thinks you are poor.
i had a good time, listening to your music, and chattin!
long day, longer nights
#NowPlaying She Will :)!
This time, i pushed it to far. OwnsMyHeart:)
Usually only 4-5 lesbians ask me out per day. Today, EIGHTEEN. Thanks a lot, Obama.
Hell, that's what we all say! And then look what happens to us...
God willing. RT : So just one more day of 'blue' commentary and we're done, right?
Catch up on #MayDay events in #Seattle with 's live tweets!
": Im getting soo tan i love it<3" i need to get on that level
Listening to Why Stop Now.
loved seeing you briefly yesterday at You have my vote for stylespotter!
awesome Playlist! Looking forward to sharing with the community!
This lightning is intense
So, we picked up another ex Colt? DT Muir? weird..not a bad thing just strange
Phantom Menace LOL
Joseph Lowery is the bomb!! Awesome and funny
How is Cris Carter still not in the #HOF ??
lol I'd say that's a pretty likely assumption :).
Lets go
Bud Selig is alive and well, just saw him eating lunch @ Gilles in Milwaukee, Wisconsin
at work now. gotta finish packing. gotta flight to houston,tx. tmrw
Early Bird Special Ends August 1st! Still a couple days left to get in at a highly DISCOUNTED Rate!
Hi Cindy! Thanks for following! See you online.
yea and return and RB
I been good. It's my first day of my vacation. And yourself?
I smell coffee beans... #Clippers vs
Tommorow night is going to be the first night without the two greatest wwe divas wwe never be the same
Romeo, save me, I've been feelin' so alone...
Just added "set time to debrief with " to my to-do list
Grumpy frumpy #ADD night.
Does your small business have a Project Management System?
My brother is a dermatologist/skin cancer surgeon & hair transplant surgeon
Oh my dear Tom Cruise would you guys hurry up! I wanna go home!
2 years 1 month and 9 days later, the braces are comin of
Hell Yeah! Go Timbers!
#LifeVine Works founders will be attending the 17th Annual Kwanzaa fest at Malcolm X College on Jan 1st in Chicago and so should you!
Well, I confess they don't appeal to me, Gale
"Chillin by the fire while we eatin fondue" Boy is snappin!
#BackInElementarySchool I watched trl everyday to see at 3!
Watching #HowIMetYourMother until I fall asleep.
What other cover shoot photo galleries do you have?
That one person in your school that you just want to smack in the face with a brick .
tickets are 33!
*hate rather, not hat
Let's go
funny (and sad) story...we have no pandora in Australia. So depressing, i know!
Friend answers: "Nothing, you do nothing when it's 18degrees" A debate follows: Is it even possible to look cute at 18degrees?
you <3 saving money i <s spending it #sugarmama RT : just cleanin the house + liatenin to planet $
Almost forgot to tweet this! Saw the first trailer for breaking dawn tonight!!!!!!@!&$!!........
If Cubs had won it all in '03 & Wood's career had been otherwise the same, he'd be the most nauseatingly popular ballplayer in city history
First Target jet trip to Georgia and Virginia today thru Wednesday - definitely going to dig skipping the security lines!!
Lott: Warhol portraits of Jagger as displaced self-portraiture; comment on difficulty of being a drag queen
Kelly Shoppach is a good defensive catcher, but Lavarnway is getting better and is a much better hitter. #RedSox should give him a spot.
Okay #sick flow is on my AZZ #REALLY!!!… Is this a sign=Slow down Bihhhhhh!!!! Ugh!!! :-(
This business in North Carolina has me gradually becoming heated. I'll try to contain myself.
I hear that! I have friends on all sides of issues, I believe in community/country first and healthy discussion/debate
.well 4g is 10 times faster than 3g I heard.
Gotta Lotta stuff for U! V-Day Prizes! 1800Flowers, Studio Movie Grill, Castle Megastore PLUS Screening Passes for THIS MEANS WAR! HOT 97.5!
bryce & sister Caitlyn will do 10-12 cities. Not Dc this year. Had comp. in st Louis. Come to #Tremaine nationals. Awesome week.
Awesome show tonight ast finn mccool's. Thanks to everyone who showed up!
we are going to the cabin to relax...
Have you gone to a 1D concert ? :)
This is it #Bulls 4th. Quarter! I whole season of hard work depends on 12 minutes. GET IT DONE and let's go home for game 7!
If you did the casting call for KSTV from Jury Pool it would be your highest rated show ever!
I'm going to California!!!!
Thanks for the love
M coffee type morning
haven't been out to the lake since you guys left, but i'd love to go several times again this summer :)
RT #pawcircle Those who are lost,be found. Those who are ill,be well. Those in harms way,be saved. Those without homes,be loved.
I want to spend a weekend with trey and his aunt
any pet store?
No show tonight!
I find it pretty ridiculous that women's shoes require a whole industry of pain relief/prevention products.
stay strong. Whatever you're going through, it'll be over soon. <3
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson <3 <3. You will always be remembered in our hearts #KingOfPop forever and always
Done with that terrible paper! Woo! So happy! Okay, one last class of the semester, then showcase, projects and exam.
would rather be playing pool
Congrats #VCU!! Proud to be a Ram!
What do you call a high-priced barber shop? A clip joint
the suspense is terrible. I hope it'll last
I now know why "ice breakers" mints are called ice breakers. O_o
you date one Lol.
happy birthday handsome I love you:)
space geeks are cool;)
#1DVEVO I Should win that poster because I live in Narnia, So just to have a poster would make my world<U+2764> please
#TeamThirst!!! Who wants to join???
it's izz and jess and I have another friend that was a queen with her back in the day so yeah. Lol
That awkward moment when I'm at my friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
ah yes, but i want to go to London soo badly! plus, my brother lives there xx
up to the chase group. They have to decide to race for first not second. Sky have the numbers to do it
Bad news. My apartment complex sucks and didn't tell me the equipment is broken. So no theater :(
I thought so.. Maybe that's why this is Jackson's 2nd favorite day of the week?
I think you will like that movie
oh. My. Gosh. I didn't know it was possible, to see such a hot guy. You look amazing!(:
Anyone use ? Tried to login, it looks fishy. Insecure URL and when my password wasn't right (I never remember), it asked for my CC
New brackets, what a joy
Participated in a great press conference this morning, announced he's lifting the Family Care cap and expanding the program!
Is the deal that Solis gets knocked out in the 7th versus the 3rd?
Glad you like it! Were going to have to get you with one on here soon!
.... RT : #DidYouKnow we tried hundreds of white pigments to achieve the right colour and opaqueness of our new #Nokia #Lumia800?
::And misses entirely:: [Alabastard offset]
I need this! RT : Hello summer skin! Get "your faux safe glow on" with our Amazonian clay body bronzer on now.
; hello my friend .
I would love to! Get with my manager to see if we can throw it on the schedule! His email is
We're waiting for you...come soak up some sun!
People may listen to you more if you're less aggravating. Sometimes your points are obscured by your personality.
Love to take that to work... security would likely grab it... but it would be cool on the desk.
what was it?
I love u more then I should(; <3
Street Radio Mag Upstairs Lounge 1342 Washington Ave on South Beach with DJ Nicky Pro & ! Doors Open at 10pm.
Remember when the Knicks had a chance against the Heat? Yeah, I don't remember that either.
Don't you just love a good hot dog?...Our hot dogs are better than good, they are GREAT! see you soon
Hi Ann, here's hoping we finally meet IRL in Austin next week. Let me know if you have time to schedule a few minutes.
And thank you for noticing!
Prince Fielder punched a guy once for not waiting. Maybe he should be the baseball ethics police
Im humbled!!Thanks 4 the love Doc!Hey guys feel free 2 requst me 2 see more of my work......
Catherine O'Hara is back from her to tropical St. Martin!
RT “: who can help me get #SOBEWFF trending on twitter this week?”
1st company meeting of our SRE new commissions workshop at Excited to have musicians, composers & students working together.
Did Cole land on his face?!!
#C21GC this conf is amazing. I wish i hadnt waited 3 years to get here. Learning overtime. Getting SMARTER.BOLDER.FASTER
dick in ya mouth while ya yawnin!
lol.. no u sound good!! better then i do..
please go to my profile page and read the newest blog i wrote it took me 2 hours to write use it !
oh and <3
lol.... have you checked Out the radio station yet?
Do testing frameworks test themselves in themselves?
Am I the only one who gets really excited when a Facebook split test ad campaign is about to start?
Eckhart Tolle "how characters deal with what goes wrong determines if it will be a good movie or a bad movie."
The NYT's meme coverage has really brought its A game this week.
I'd like to know if there's hope for freedom in general. Social media can come later.
MOVING DAY IN ONE WEEK. So unbelievably excited & yet so unprepared!
going to the veil of maya show thursday...i'm scared?!
we prefer to honor the great & delicious Taco instead of all that mushy Valentine's day stuff. All hail tacos!
Thanks for the info, BB.
I'm even getting Farmville invites on Twitter? For fucks sake people, I do not care about your farm, and no I will not give you anything.
cause I may be bad but I'm perfectly good at it
RT : Nanopublications have Provenance and context ; a breakthrough for data sharing
dang too far
George! Enjoy a blessed day!
ima hit you when I leave the PO OFFICE
so tired today. i must maintain LASER FOCUS!
Good morning. Be safe out there.
Squid and Beard has entered the Twittersphere. Buckle up.
your SO BEAUTIFUL!!! Omg im so jealous :(
My pleasure!
Sold my Bulls leather snapback for 50 bucks (y)
Lots of buzz from friends down in Houston that Mario Williams wants to play with Bears. Holy Front Line batman! We'll see, $$$ talks
“: I'll fuck any guy with an f150” forget the jeep Eric, get an f150
Hail to the Champ Vic in "No Call" let's go for the Repeat!
Youth political organizing training tomorrow 1pm in Ward 114 at #AmericanU, hosted by All are welcome, free snacks!
Dear Econ, go sit on a pencil and rotate as much as possible. From
"The Fat Girl and the Pizza", the best-selling novel by A.J. Francis, appearing at a Barnes and Noble near you.
Maybe it's just because I've done lots of network programming, but I think OSC is far simpler :)
on my walk to work this a.m. i crossed a dead bird on the sidewalk....let's hope that wasn't a sign of what is to come
ANOTHER stress fracture in my foot. I really have to go get fitted for running shoes. This is the third one in a year :C
Reading "21Minutes" & wondering abt 25 ques. assessment quiz mentioned every week. Not on site, tho. Suggestions?
hahaha. Please do! “: #ACMs golf tournament today. Thinking about busting out Country Club Anthem. RT if you agree!”
You know, it's not every place you can go to & get free, personalized computer classes. #justsayin'
sitting at the car dealership waiting for my car. Might be the most miserable place on earth...
explaining the fire in the Humvee in Iraq. Said he envisioned his mother receiving a flag at his funeral. Touching!!
Very very sad. Fragile reminder that no one is immune to their demons.
Wine vs. WAC... tonight, the wine prevails.
Yes! Saturday was such a tease! RT : Need some more time……
Leeds United v West Ham United: Terror at railway bar triggers CCTV appeal
": CBS must be salivating. : ...the possibility of a Kentucky v Louisville match-up." - UK has to beat IU first! :-)
word of the day: yawnsome. battle of the day: data-driven intelligence vs true serendipity
GOOD MORNING! ;)
I know the feeling. You can't do everything. Good for you to know when to say no.
RT : Can u remind ur NC followers to go vote against the homophobic amendment1. Ashamed of my home state of to the polls.
Enjoy when you can, and endure when you must.- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Texas is mt playground." Getting in to San Antonio, from Houston. Then, pool party in San Marcos tomorrow.
i miss all of the old disney shows.
I'm loving that is on Twitter, and posting so many on set pictures! =) Thank you for sharing, Mr. Hanks!
just be a queen
i think you dont trust yourself around me...
Hi mom, I'm a TEENAGER. Tu comprendes?? I don't think you do.
rain snow hail medley
I can't wait to get married, because it's like a sleepover every night with your best friend.
car salesmen are almost as bad as their service departments. Chief / Boss is the worst.
She's not just anybody
that's just what I was saying earlier today
Beauty is is the eyes of the beholder.
There are no proper words to describe my pure dislike of Walmart...
BOOM!! RT : Beckett defiant on golf-gate: "I spend my off-days the way I want to spend them. My off-day is my off-day."
Trying to research which sports bar I should go to watch the Ravens game Sunday here in NYC!! Any suggestions?!
Thank goodness!
New Year's Day is every man's birthday. ~ Charles Lamb
Just got in an argument with a kid about Blood On the Dancefloor. He's been brainwashed. There's no saving him now.
Love you too!! & thanks for noticing. I was too deep in thought to try to fix my face on Sunday. Thank God for GCG!!!
Least favorite interview question: do you have a boyfriend. Most favorite intvw question: tell us about your family.
take everything! :)xx
RT!! If you were at the MAD showcase and you found a phone or iPod please contact me ASAP!!!!! Thanks....
My Pleasure! Enjoy your day!
Will be speaking with Managing Editor at very shortly
So who's all going to the show tomorrow? :D
UNLESS SOMEONE CONTRADICTS YOU IN ALL CAPS.
all three of you look great!
Thanks for the follows. We're following you back!
good afternoon to u luv, hope u have a blessed day too
730 on a Friday night. 30 mins out of the office, 2 cocktails, 1 shot of patron. Bout to get weird.
you, mdear, win.
send me your number & I will
haha I turned off the Mets long before they went down 9-3 last night.
We are all supposed to be witnesses. I hope LeBron announces a fix for the oil spill.
Last full day of summer! Gotta make it last <3
Everyone knew the Spurs were good. Same with Grizz and Bulls. Jazz? Everybody thought they'd have another top 3 draft pick. .
Both side of the political aisle likes to scrutinize big money in political campaigns...unless it is their money.
is this an event or will it air on tv??
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying over the future.
Be you
Good plan. I like where your heads at. What's new in the life of ? Give me the latest & greatest.
thanks.! Yup we are walkers point/5th ward
There will come a time, you'll see, with no more tears. And love will not break your heart, but dismiss your fears..
“: wake up bake up.. lets go to "work"”
STOP GETTING HURT AND BE A PART OF HISTORY
back in time to see nothing happened yet
why don't you support the state you live in??? Really??
I will be 36 this year...don't worry about it anymore...lol
We definitely will! Thanks for the heads up!
OHmyGAW! Do they have plus size Gucci prison suits? I'll tell you how the funny money went down!
dude is my hero!
Gone but NOT forgotten all those who lost their lives and those who still fight for us to be safe <3 9.11.01 cant believe its been ten years
please follow me
I CAN when they CAN'T ....I WILL when they WONT and I DO what they DONT..... #
um well I just had an episode, thank God nothing serious and no serious damage just bumper!! :)) but over leonardo lol
#Heat that ought to wrap it up.
Sentimental Cider is burning in my BoHo Chic Warmer this morning. What's smelling up your house this morning?
Time for a new you? Salon Colours of Palm Springs is offering one free hair coloring for our card holders!
lol :P well you no all the nicki minaj RAPS!!! Lol no one else i no does so i guess thats special lol
thanks man we appreciate it so much!
It is dreary and drippy in Dallas! God gave me a great day to stay home and write. Bible study on the life of Moses coming soon!
Season ticket time!
#TwoThingsIWant #oomf and a 5 on that psych test I just bombed
Is it me, or does it seem like there are eight or nine girls that work in the airport that get hit on EVERY DAY?
would love to see a video of how Applesauce interacts at storytime, if you have any...or more pictures ;)
Most recent video on feed is period 4. Panic setting in. Must see at
Just saw Alice in Wonderland in 3D. "Off with his head!!"
Are there any financial subs up for a good wallet raping????
thank you for the shout out, Bill!
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
Another conference mention for electronic branding, in light of growing role of libraries as buyers
4th hour is after school??? You guys are straight up naughty!
So man euros...
Aw thanks girl! I do though! I lost so much then gained a bunch back! I have around 25 pounds to lose! How is boxing training?
Excited about the Pack's first round pick. With Clay on the left and, now, Perry on the right...woah, watch out NFL - we're comin for ya!
Took the words right out my mouth...
26 bucks for a hot dog. Texas oil money. Nice.
Did you know - Before the 1920s, cars didn't have gas gauges. You had to estimate how much fuel was left, or risk running out!
Good morning! Who's ready to make it happen today? Let's do this.
wat happens wen ur side bitch has pussy better than ur main bitch???
i think ur gorgeous
no kid likes a loser
"When this baby gets up to 88 mph, you're gonna see some serious shit." -Doc Brown
Get your TAN ON! *Specials TODAY* Instant Tans are $10 each!!! Buy ANY BOTTLE of LOTION and get 1 FREE WEEK of TANNING!!!
paper or plastic?
Appreciate the follow -- lets get this Economy Started!
we love music. :)
thanks, never heard of zoe's. Looking for great US crafts, not imports, for a beer exchange
#bestfriendswagg <3": I missed your gorgeous face today! :/ I hope I get to see it tomorrow! Love you! <3"
AW SHIET! NIGGA YOU BEEN BEATING THE MEAT, JERKING THE TURK, CHOKING THE CHICKEN?! LMAO
I have the best boyfriend in the world <3
I'm settling in for a long ride on the Broadway-7 Avenue Local ()... Van Cortlandt Park-242 Street, here I come.
The Oh Group is looking for a freelance SEO copywriter. Contact:
Please remember our tabling policy of requiring that tablers have at least 51% zines/self published/independently publishes titles.
My baby is home!! I miss him when he's at work. (:
No one to snuggle with on bum days like these .. Lonely tweet
I need some motivational tunes this morning....suggestions??
hang in there!
The dead rat that was in front of my apartment last night is gone. My roomate must've eaten it.
Appreciate your report on the Global Internet Speedup technology initiative!
I'm not cocky. I just love myself……BITCH!
Dana has time for tattoo consultations today! Come say hello she is here till 8pm!
Hey Jack - when is the next time you are visiting Compton Heights? Live on Milton and would love to meet next time you are in St. Louis!
I would say about 19 or 20
You don't realize how depressing it is to live in a desert until you visit a rain forest lol #PuertoRico Best vacation ever!
oh I'm going!
I need Kaila here so I can take a nap! :)))
One good thing about working at radio shack. Pens/flyers and red wings/predators on different TVs.
; i miss that. i'm tired of those stupid little fights we get in over stupid things.. i'm sorry. let's be bestfriends again.
AT LEAST HE KNOWS NOW
Finally drove the new car
yes. I wish you were there!!
coming to see me?
We're partial to lunch after an audition, too. Brownie sundaes count as lunch, right? RT : lunch.
Raining all day? Time to make music <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
no, just on Hulu Plus. I haven't bought it on DVD yet...
I have met so many girls and their hearts r backwards.. if only we could respond to love with more love...instead of throw it away... so gay
oh snap i thought you loved hot man on man action. My mistake.
Can't wait for to get home.
I FUCKING HATE SIDNEY FUCKING CROSBY. LITTLE FUCKING BITCH. Okay I'm done ranting...
Happy Birthday from my corner of
Good morning! We are busy this morning catching up from last week's conference. If you ordered DVDs last week, they will be shipped this wk.
digger, ha!
Good Morning breakfast time :)
no worries! If you ever want to skate, they practice weekends!
haha, bet he'll love that :P
lol!! Yes, felt like dancing. My heart almost stopped.
beautiful on the Oregon Coast this evening...Sun this weekend according to Bruce.
According to the moron cops out here, an UNEMPLOYED CONVICTED FELON who is SHOOTING UP IN PUBLIC isn't a threat b/c she's a WHITE GIRL.
Got my eyeball right on you mister RT r u present
Spent some time at Cafe33 today. Where were you :) ^Carel
GUYS 's fish committed suicide
Gorgeous morning! Pink clouds are lingering about in the morning sky to greet the arrival of Claire to Amy Betke Ball! Congratulations!!
If that's all he said, I wouldn't really call it attack. More of a very unfunny joke meant to keep hyping his film
That was a three!
Finally figured out Delicious and then they changed it! I don't like new format, hard to edit. Thoughts?
I must be getting old; more and more I find myself agreeing with Pulitzer committees...
Everybody is a genius but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will believe its whole life it is stupid.
Me too!
Excited to see you in Bellator man. Poised for a big comeback in all facets of life. Do work.
And I gotta drop this cheddar tomorrow...DAMN
this dude just said happy mothers day to all the women who tried to trap a NBA player but messed up and ended up with a guy at a CC smh
Thanks for the kind words. We're happy to be working with you!
Rise and grind west coast ! All roads lead to Miami . Hit me if your in South Beach !
"your police officers and firefighters are your heroes. I just look fantastic"
"Dont worry the building you are in can take an F5 tornado " --Michael Mares, CollectionsWeb RCN Workshop
$450 Custom, professional website designing. Reg:$699.Today only Twitter Special. Retweet please
THAT WAS IT
Can we go?! “: Did LA really have to be your last stop? I guess the saying's true..!”
I just wrote "process" and heard 's Canadian PRO-cess in my head. Mission accomplished, Steph. Well done.
700 startups launched at Startup Weekends in the last two weeks! Crazy! #GEW #startupbattle”
Cold Sunday, staying in and watching #Titanic movies and packing for #JazzFest!!
And so it begins.
beg him :p
Today is National Chocolate Cake Day
Yay! I just found foster hens for my Russian Singers for this breeding season!
California is amazing! Such a great time!
That thing shouldn't even be considered a phone. Lol
If you elect me president I will move from my home in the Mariana Trench to the White House then turn all the children's tears into candy.
did you really send me that tweet today at 946am?
RT : Good news on the # of #women dying in childbirth. New report out soon! Follow
": when im not high, things get to me! #needasesh"
Legendary Dobbs 1st annual Metal Fest!! This Sat feat ANVIL BITCH + 6 more acts, 5pm. $10. + jello wrestling at 10pm! 304 south street! \m/
We'll see you tonight, and we'll probably stop by for a brew as well
tweet me names for dear_____? (:
what's with the gratuitous camera shot of his and her chests? Not complaining, just sayin.
My Mom is so wise...
That awkward moment when you are watching the proactiv commercial and that black girl thinks shes cute rising her eyebrows
I don't wanna wake up early tomorrow for this flight :/ well ima go to sleep when I get home .
Omg my baby just stood up for about 5 seconds!:) Aaw
Going to Biloxi!!
are you sponsored??
got u bra dad ain't rdy for dat #buzz dis summer put me in da game #summer nights #edition u heard from shoots 1st
uuh txt game is weak
Can I borrow someone's razor?? I'm currently not on using terms with my own after it gouged my finger.
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: We judge others by their behavior. We judge ourselves by our intentions. ~Ian Percy
Hey you all! We only need three more likes, and we can set the URL for our page with Facebook!
I think should play the MD state fair this year.
i'm great in a crisis. it's the little stuff that undoes me. i.e: largest cockroach sighting to date. figuring out cat inhaler. no yogurt.
Sometimes I'll check into random people's homes on in the middle of the night.
They have the best cheesecake!
Both good choices. Arbys beef and cheddar is still money.
I miss talking to him, oh well :P
JUNIOR western bacon chee
Bridal Gala & Tea: Hotel Roanoke & Conference Center from 1-5pm hosted by Bride's House cc:
The concert was a great, and I agree about David Rawlings--am downloading his album right this minute from iTunes
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
We're saddened to hear news of the passing of writer Michael Louis Calvillo. Much too soon...
please contact since they issued the discount code
You know I’ll be Your life Your voice Your reason to be My love My heart Is breathing for this Moment In time I’ll find the words to say...
wish I could :( I don't have any breaks today! :/
Gonna go check out for awhile, in less than a week ill be gone for a lil while. Xoxo
I think I have my expectations set up too high cause I always seem to end up disappointed.
Mobbing early in the morning
Sitting in my room listening to "Killer" multiple times. You did good !
2 hours of soccer practice. I'm exhausted but damn that was fun!
Several people asked about naked man at PDX. What is law? City code says illegal to "expose his or her genitalia while in a public place.."
well done-brown protects those retina!
plenty of people left on stretchers, the IVs actually started to look tempting around mile 11But both & I made it
Just bought some popcorn for tomorrow's GSO Watch Party at the 2040 Lofts! Hang out with Marquette grad students from 6-9pm tomorrow night!
boo!! You tell them you have better things to do!
Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
It's just east of the Northeast corner, in a little strip mall. Cash only!
Weekend will start with making a big, fat to-do list...& hopefully I'll be pleasantly surprised that it's not bad after all
soo, nobody wanna answer my mothers day calls.
what u think i do?
Only a few weeks left at #RISD, so don't be tardy for the giving party and make a gift to #RISDAnnualFund before our year ends!
Also, #amrealizing that revising as I go is a necessity (for me). Otherwise, chars. will pontificate and sigh and not do much else.
right now I'm missing those days when one direction was not super popular and they were our little secret..... Haha
#MyWorstFearIs is the #Cubs winning the #WorldSeries.... go
Thank you!! We'll see what happens :)
I was here over the weekend with my hubby: we had an amazing time! But: right, little time during week...dommage!
That strange momnet when ur parnets come to sit down by u while ur on the computer
Hey everyone! Get ready for a new game of "Where's Sparky?" for this semester! The first picture will be posted very soon!
Hi Sandee. I was wondering if you could say hi to me? Since it's my birthday. Thanks.
yes I know what u mean! But watching TV and reading books in the language you learn is a very good way to study :)
no problem.
April Snow with avalanche control equals a great plate of blueberry pancakes on the pass this weekend.
Everything's made to be broken.
The rain is my biggest motivation to study
Oh Boy...Shit is about to go down and it's not good...It's not good at all.
When it rains it pours
The essential thing is not knowledge, but character
she was done throwing up everywhere smh lol
Thanks for the shout!
Yes girl, fun times , fun times lol Rt ": Aww I wish I was in NY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>"
Hey ! How are you doing in Austrailia!
#FoodForThought If you had the power to change the world, what would you do? Reply to
I really hate when groceries are delivered & after delivery I find something forgotten that forces me to the store anyway! Help
next she'll pull out ten kilos of Mary Jane so that she can keep eating.
Got so much on my mind. Trying not to stress.
I'll take one please
The camera work in the Skills Challenge is horrible. Not able to see what's going on half the time.
Mom: And this gift's for that girl. Brother: What girl? Mom: I don't know her name, either.
Is there a way on Facebook for me to be notified only about stuff I care about? I didn't think so.
Anyone else up at 522 am wishing was open or you could get a pedi at 6 am? No? Hmm just me then. Guess its the gym...
Creeps creep on you and lurkers, lurk. Stating the obvious here at EFG.
What happened on the finale of fashion star last night? I fell asleep on the Macy's part. lol
When a girl says “It’s okay”, “I’m fine” or “Don’t worry about it”, it’s not okay, she’s not fine and you should definitely worry about it.
great yogurt!
It is snowing up at Revelstoke, looking forward to another good day of skiing with, hopefully, a few less Pit Slams!!!
Congrats on the booking! Saw you're directing a project, is it a short?
D; WHY they're like the perfect dream couple.!<3
“: Respect.” thanks homie. Hope I are well!
oh dear! a broken pamily! i have no fucking clue what that is but it sounds painful. hope it heals soon!
Ha. Didn't buy it. Just thought it was hilariously large.
This is true. I am from that area and remember hearing stories about this.
Anyone been to #USCellular lately? How long should I be prepared to wait to meet with someone?
haha great just 1 oh babe keep calm , pass the test Later you can slap that bitch hard twice,one for me haha
#birthday weekend! :)
Last day of classes! I'm excited to see the final projects! Public health campaigns, product launches, etc.
OK, what about traveling? That happens all the damn time, yet we're OK that it's almost never called. Still in the book.
Do you guys have individual twitters?
“: And when was that, he made it seem like it was way earlier bitch now my boo finna be mad”lmao
well, 105k wouldn't get you anything here either. 150 would.
the second half of snow patrol's new album is way better than the first half. just in case any of you were wondering.
Advanced SEO Tactics: On Beyond Keyword Research (via IMU)
last weekend with the family before the season!
Fantastic to see you!!!! Dev Connections? Tech Ed?
officiating this year in MLS has been horrible. They should hire Pierluigi Collina as head ref
no barfing but lots of napping
Love, love, love. Follow what you #love. (sung to the Beatles melody).
damn im stuck at work till 5
lol RT @ starbucks beverly hills you can come if u want
I blast One Direction when I want to motivate myself to do something.
Thanks so much for the RT... you are Awesome!
That precut fresh fruit mixture looked a lot more appetizing yesterday at the store. It doesn't even taste very good. Grr.
Love the hustle of Lance Berkman!
I think your a Chicagoan at heart and you don't even know it.
RT At work wishing I was at party :(
Why is Eminem stuck in my head?
Made two comments/pull requests on github projects today to get around issues with IE… one w/IE7, one w/IE9. Good times!
Thanks for the follow & for your homeless support of groups. Please email more info to ? Thanks and be well.
Just danced in the POURING rain, reppin' Jesus! We go HARD for the Lord!
NWC IS KNOWN FOR 1 THING !! BRING THAT NEXT SHIT !! CHUBBY BOO, FULLY LACED,ROGUE STATUS FOR LADIES ECT.. WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
w@ be best friends ?
RT The dream team on is in full effect :). Great job today guys!!
I think Halloween is huge! We do BugaBees: Friends with Food Allergies costume parties in October too. Kids love it
no printer...so i do ( i still do right?)
i love you
no it's not me! What if it's that guy your fighting tomorrow? 0.0
The secret to a great relationship...Argue Naked!
Put yourself in my place for just one day. Watch all the colors in your spectrum fade grey.
Wuz up homie, hope all is well!
Awesome jam session with , Max Bent & Kate Porter, doing some on-camera improv for a documentary on our Meredith Monk remix. Fiyah!
is going into the studio to record new music soon! :D
Boyfriend video tonight !! ykzetkd omg
and when did she start going by just "Reba"
Thanks for RT and kind words on open journalism paper
I fux wit her the long way....
Just FL. We have people come here from all over the world for treatment, many do Therapy & Vacation. Call us Mon.
Yes, I met Austin's future wife and weirdly enough, she was in my room. I tried to give her a hug, but I ended up bumping into the mirror.
Tonight's Special: Texas Dog - Zoe's All Natural Beef Dog w/ Cole Slaw, Zoe's Bacon, and BBQ Sauce $6.
imma record the whole thing! So u good! <U+E405>
17 days left of school!!!
It appears that News Papers best resource to stay viable is to sell their news on the social networks.637k people get news on social.
#uknowbetter than to unfollow me, cause that just aint right man!! ): hahah
I really like the shirts but he looks like a white guy.
"When ur good 2 me...I'm good 2 u!"
Columbia tomorrow:)
awh I'm sorry to hear that :/
ugh, that sounds annoying!
"I DO MY THANG" and Mixtape titled "Delorean Music" out soon.......We murderin any rappers in our way so save yourself the trouble It's DF!!
Trace Cyrus #bemyboyfriend ?
lucky you lol :D , and happy birthday again haha :)
of course they wont have the shoes I want in my size
Nice pass Haynie!!
Very annoyed, supposed to get in for this ultrasound at 2:30pm, we r now 1hr late. My wife's bladder is going to burst
You ain't a soldier cause you rockin camo.
I darken my computer screen when I check my AOL mail out of pure embarrassment. Probably should upgrade my email account.
good mornin peeps
But really the ramen might have been the better choice.
Maybe a little vacation is in order? Have a great day!
I need a sleep schedule. This is getting outta hand. I shouldn't be up this late
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
uh oh. Don't like to hear that.
It was a blessing to be a part! RT : Many thx to these talented artists who showed their best at
in need to happen now g he been duckin him for like 3 years now
I love your site! When is your book coming out?
His men sang. "Hooker is our leader, He takes his whiskey strong." #Civilwar novel, GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
you bet! Wrote the music and lyrics all by meself and even co-produced! :)
Finally on twitter, welcome
After 1 student printed out over 3000 pages on our Lexis printer today, I think Lexis won't be far behind
NORFOLK STATE SPARTANS...FIRST-TIME IN NCAA. EDEN LOUNGE-DC OFFICIAL WATCH PARTY FRI, MARCH 16. GAME TIME 4:45P BEHOLD THE GREEN &GOLD!
Chamber Partners can receive FREE notary Services.
Evolved tools will empower social business per
get the "blue hell" shirt!!
we kno who's goin to the finals
Thanks for the shout out and the follow!
cause we qon Make Love all thru the Night #<3
Sweet. May 25th. Mark your calendar.
I love your tweets!!!! Hahahaha
I didn't get any pictures!
tweeting Cassie! I saw you on a billboard recently as Dorothy. Hope you got paid for that picture ;)
If you missed it the 1st or 2nd time, the ep. of "The Office" that I'm in is on Saturday 1/21/12 at 7:30 on Fox. Go Minister Gail!
Calif. finds toxins in &#39;nontoxic&#39; nail polishes
If you have guy friends from other towns you can go to more than 1 prom. I went to 3 when a senior. Your mom knows :)
Second Catscan of the day. Get me the fuck out of here.
watching on twitch he is so cool to watch
Have you ever pooped the ring? Serious question.
The great #laflamablanca is back!
someone is too much of a p$@?! To try it or break it in lol
old skool fan! That's awesome dude!
thank you beautiful
Careful sharing! You never know who might show up ;-)
not in the slightest hahaha more like the exact opposite
Just showing some support and sending some love ya way handsome keep up the good work!!!! Muah!!!
Your staff must be overjoyed!
Nice quote any fool with a dick can get make a baby but only a real can raise his children -Boyz in the hood
lol mvm im actually bitch but hardly
Im so lucky to have the boyfriend that i have <3
Learning the fundamentals of design will make you a better video editor... So please take the initiative & expand your horizon
I hope you've gone to where the wild things are, Maurice #Sendak! you let me know it was ok to be strange.
Email out Executive Director at . Thanks for your interest!
Going out to celebrate my best friend's birthday. It's going to get sloppy. Brace for drunk tweets.
It was a pleasure to meet & speak with everyone at #BrewersSMIS tonight. Thanks & for having me. Go #Bucks & #Brewers!
British accents ;) >>>>
I finally watched the last 2 epis of New Girl! He didn't move out! Yay!! Nick & Jess need to get together ASAP! Soo cute!!
I have a phone again! Expect to see more of me on twitter again. :)
Heard he was in bad shape when I was at the HOF...sucks
Please, #brewers people: let's not construct a "glad we got rid of him" narrative about Lawrie because of this. That's just silly.
Can #BenCurtis win again this week at the #ZurichClassic? He's made a good start, who's your pick?
Ok, so Madonna just exploded for World Peace. At least that's what I think just happened.
hahahahah, hey, *that* she did inherit..(weird)..LOL!!!
Awesome 70s musicians: #Queen, #ABBA, not to mention #Memphis's own Barkays! See you @ tonight's 70s patio party- cocktails, music, cigars!
im gonna rise above, show em what im made of! <3
I am the Bulls fan who argued with you and I am in Wichita freaking out.
If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for
Make him change it back to Ron Artest ... Or trade him.... Prob the latter
As combined with Thanksgiving & family has put me way behind on my marking. Now I could use a few more hours in the day.
If you have a ps3 and wanna get that ass beat on 2k get @ me @ E_Bell1988
5 rings. Good night
i thought so but he didnt mention it and this whole attributing my sources in a research paper is throwing me off.
try the begining
Watching the final of my film "The Humanity Project...what does it mean to be a man in the 21st century? Jeff Johnson kudos for moderating!
Now that you mention it...it does look like Slater!
The album is getting me through my afternoon. Highly recommended.
I see u and moon runnin 93.3 now dog!! Yup yup.
Sometimes women are so beautiful both inside and outside us doggies have to really work on doing the right thing, even though we are dogs.
I got a feeling, somebody's watching me.....
Finally #instagram for android!!
will be at tomorrow night. Stop by & pick up a Lip Therapy for charity... all proceeds will go to !
Incredible weekend with family in Asheville. I wish there were more weekends like this one.
I always miss these events. Like I said, it's as tho the skies were modest, hiding bhind clouds.
I don't remember the last time I've said, #imbored Seems like there is ALWAYS something that needs to be done
twitter king! my whole wall is you. enjoying your tweets
Time to go rig up my #hero2 in the cockpit of an F/A-18.
thx Paige! :) p.s. we've got some big news coming this weekend!
we recently updated our Twitter page design... don't forget to follow us on
Follow the members of our group please. and our director
me please?:)
I'm a girl. I overreact. I underestimate. I overestimate. I over think everything. I dream big. And when I say I love you, I'm not lying.
Does anybody else hear the "click" of two LEGO blocks fitting together when they get an API plugged into a view?
too many receipts!
Is rolling your own with fonts from a nice foundry (Adobe in particular) officially verboten now?
are you goin kid?
aw, thanks!!! Night!
Poop pie got Octavia over the line.....
you're so special RT : Happy #CMAD to all the Community Managers out there!
What you're going through can either be fodder for complaining, or notable moments on your journey to your fully healed self. YOUR choice.
Found a spot right outside my cousins house. :D
Saw Bishop Gene Robinson speak last night, one of the 3 most historically significant US leaders in my book--so inspiring!
Right. Bo is committing recruiting suicide, his backlash comes in the future. Shouldn't this be outlawed by the NCAA though?
You got hacked yo.
I know..I can't have none though lol
come on over if you would like to share one!!! We have one extra!
#bitcheswhowontdateme all Kindergarten teachers
calling all great people
tell me please in what and why
we gone do it in the back of the theater lol no lie
Alcoholics need a drink, sounds like you already have one.
Shout out time ^_^
Wait, that tweet had a typo. It's suppose to be Volume 14.19
Tonight the Night!!!! "Friday Night Live" at Capri's Lounge in Boynton Bch Fl..... We Do It 4 The Ladies........
Found at my homeroom today. Let's just say it's gonna be a shitty year :/
Adopted the sweetest little dog from Capitol Area Humane Society yesterday - my kids are beside themselves. Welcome, Pepper!
People be hating on my size <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> I'm sorry im not a giraffe
no problem:)
Crazy how me & my ex girlfriend becoming close getting along way better then what we did whn we was together !
my husband & my cousin is sleep . ugh he won't wrap his arm around me . lol.
I found a Note in my Backpack saying "you are beautiful -You're secret lover " in my backpack <3 sneaky people I always have my backpack c:
All I need is you
Stations 8 & 9 on my radio are what I call my "Mississippi channels." Country and rap. Lolol
Harry Is Hot HARRY IS HOT <3
Might be DJing Armadillo Ball #mlanet12 send me your requests :)
Stunning, quiet & unique are some adjectives that make me SO excited to finally experience the Dry Tortugas this weekend! #travel Any tips?
dallas fucking suck dick they got #swept Smh
Derek just brought over subs from my favorite sub place gonna go eat should be back on later ttyl
Fina qedd out on iyt. #SPRING BREAK!!!
I really hope that isn't a real turtle. Lacquered and mounted like that. Shudder.
#EverydayIThinkAbout skool is almost over && summer 2012 is rite around the corner!
Never try to define love. Once defined love is confined. Once confined -- It dies.
CMON ... FINISH THIS ONE OUT !
Who goes to the iowa state fair and buys crappy chinese food?
I miss you getting on here ):
161-1 had such a nice ring to it
Getting your ass kicked by the Phillies never feels good.
What a throw by Starlin!
DID YOU KNOW? The Dead Sea Scrolls date back as far as 2,250 years & include thousands of fragments of some 300 biblical manuscripts.
Just watched the G. W. Bush 9-11 documentary. I don't think he was evil. Just stupid.
We're looking for a lead guitarist. Our guitarist is moving to FL.
Thank you for the rec! RT watch I Want Your Money
Is silly on twitter?
Apparently family on my dad's side was from Tempe, AZ. Between 1870-1875, at least 3 family members were killed in 3 diff indian attacks.
Will please stand up? I repeat, will please stand up
Doing some weekend shopping at North County Fair? Stop by the center courtyard from 11:30 am to 5:00 pm TODAY to choose your future via...
#LouisAndHarryFollowLarrysChild Here's your baby :D
good (: just finished putting everything back in my room lol thank god this semester is over with
DANCE IS A FEELING!!!! :D
Is It Cheating If U Have Porn & Naked PiX Of Other Chicks On Ur Phone? (Cuz Technically, I ain't f*cking none of'em ==>I JUST SEEN'EM NAKED!
We were playing poker the other night with Tarot cards. I got a full house and four of my friends died.
I still have never been to NYC before
whats the worst that could happen? junk emails??
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
- this doesnt just apply to toddlers ;)
Happy National High Five Day!
sure thing and hope you followed back. great weekend. RT : Thanks for the follow BuildingMoxie
Speaking at ABI today in DC - NACBA in SF tomorrow -- long flight tonight!!
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
Thanks for the vid, funny girl.
just wrote my talk for Sat. It still lacks a research question. Fail!
Wish I wore a bra then I could take off this sweatshirt <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Always #listentoyourheart...it's on your left side...but it's always right! :)
Is that Ben Hogan officiating the Michigan-notre Dame game?
Great move! Kiwanuka is great!
why yo A is awake tweeting #thingsthatdontmakesense ..(damn thatz a long A hashtag B)
“In a country well governed, poverty is something to be ashamed of. In a country badly governed, wealth is something to be ashamed of.” ~ C…
“: The good fight of faith is never over!!!” <---AMEN!!
Seeing reactivity to that Scalzi piece stating someone should ask straight, white homeless men abt their privilege. Thing is...
seeing my first ever Knicks game tonight! so ready for some
Well shit, LOL. Hell yeah. I can see taking one that came with that many connections. But these rinky-dink publications? :-/
Minnesota Timberwolves organization. Said he loved the fans though.
It's just too hot today,i guess its time to move to some cold place:P)
Get a "Mezcal Buck" (Lunazul Tequila & Del Miguey Minero Mezcal with Fresh Lime and Ginger Beer) for $6 today only at
I hate having to wait for someone .
Tweet me a number and I'll rate YOU!!!
Watching show on PBS about East German doping beginning in the 1976 Olympics. I remember that - everyone thought they were.
How was your meal last week? We hope you enjoyed it!
(c) and i understand where you're coming from, most of those things happened to me last year. don't let those people bring
yeah right!
to a new house.
two more fans!
Fact: If you are not happy with your sex drive, talk to your neurologist. It may be a side-effect from your medication.
took an hour 10 minutes.. She has legal access to MY garage until Friday.
so excited to see tomorrow.
... That's what I was thinking. However, getting old and dumber
26- your really nice! (: talk to me more!
API's powering the massive geo-location for convenience but not every company tooled to keep their brand in that space
"Fritzy Rages Against The Grain, Wins 2nd straight MVD"
new official co-owner is .....
I Need New Texting Buddies That Stay Up Late Like Me. My Phone Be Dry Af Around This Time.
I never got the text.....
looking for book-club recommendations. one member just diagnosed with cancer, so nothing too depressing
C-A-P-S Caps Caps Caps! Loving all the energy on the red line right now.
Note to self: do not hold iTouch in same hand as trash bag when tossing trash in dumpster. Near miss. Whew.
I just heard her squee RT : Adam Lambert on American Idol tmrrw night
way too long for me. Hahahahaha didn't get his cookies n cream ice cream lmao but Sheridan did!
Shhhhhit idk...... ill tell ya later pimp
A roomful of lawyers @ Legal Citizen's Dinner and which table won the civics contest? The bankers and CPAs! (Okay, we had a few attorneys.)
me either!! and thanks for supporting the crawl & Washoe Schools!
A delicious Meatball Shop feast followed by a last minute trek to The Studio at Webster Hall to see my buds
did you ever end up doing pc? If so, where? If not, still time!
Intriguing exhibition focused on iphonography
#3WordsOfAdvice Always Be Yourself. That's something that you can NEVER fail at. Don't be afraid to be different. The people who stay, <3 u
The guy sitting next to me on the train smells like B.O., spicy food, and too much cologne.
Getting Leah to take a nap is becoming such a chore.
Best Buy & Target done in
PUSSY DONT WHIP ME I WHIPS PUSSY " CLAP CLAP'
Perfect weekend is perfect.
r those limos!
#WeWontWork if you only listen to one genre of music... Especially if that genre is Country.
Great Website Frank...visiting with you right now online...
Another day of work and school and then its my weekend. HOLLA!
“: Flight is delayed 3 hrs!!! Looks like I won't get into #NYC till noon ” that sucks bro.
thank you!
dang girl, I will definitely see you coming LOL
YOCKO = You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;)
I dont know what for
#3WordsOfAdvice live laugh love
They lovinn' the crew
Waiting in line to take a lab practical, one at a time. In alphabetical order.
Just found out that is owned by , seriously? Eeewww.
You think them niggas you with is with you?
I like a girl with confidence.
Beneath your pride, I sense your misery
Lactantius~ Where fear is present wisdom cannot be.
I was a speaker at Ignite 2 . . .
Chicken Pesto Pasta - Marinated chicken breast and bowtie pasta with pesto cream sauce, garnished with Parmesan and diced tomatoes
Met Jimmy Smith for the first time recently. Amazing guy! Best wishes to you in continuing with Isagenix. :)
Happy End of the World Year!
For their final act, the crew decided that blue "Gate Valet" tags for first class didn't need to be used on this flight. Thanks
First Blogojevich sighting in months, jogging in Lincoln Sq. Honked and gave him a closed upraised fist of solidarity, because, why not?
For those of you who play #FantasyFootball, you can't tell me that defensive players don't matter. That's why #IDP is superior!
seriously what happened to that, it was present seems like only yesterday
This couple next to me just broke up and he's being such a twat to
bo. I hope they meet again in the tournament.
Two stunners today: There is a waterproof cast protector so I can swim & shower. Search Dry Pro. Also, I think I actually GOT MY DISABILITY!
why thank you. Cutest boy to tell me happy birthday :)
All people should be treated equal
this y 6th time watching this video & it jus dropped smh dope ass video
Hi DeAndre! Please follow back. :)
you never finished telling me ugh
#Heat #Thunder Finals preview?
Come say hello to NABP at Wordstock today, as well as members like , , and
Landed in MPLS! Time to chill with the homies!
It's all in motion. Wheels. In motion. I haven't slept more than two hours at a time for five days as a result.
B-day party in the park now it's time ti head to Amway for the Lakers vs Magic. Love Orlando!
I had a dream about DCM Live last night... Weeeeeiiirrrdd!!
absolutely my pleasure! I know all about those tuition payments ...
I think he's right...
I've always thought Jack Wagner was adorable, but my loyalty is 1,000% with !!! Love you, DD!!! Let's ROCK this!!!
I just finished a 3.09 mi run with a pace of 8'49"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
First come, first serve. Be on the safe side and plan on coming early :) Event is from 6p to midnight!
yes!! I think i'm free next Thursday evening...
When I see your face, there's not a thing that I would change cause you're amazing just the way you are #m <U+2764>
thanks for following! happy weekend : )
RT : RT : And we didn't even have to storm the court. Because we're USED to winning. Exactly!
Join tonight for your chance to win an XBOX and Kinect tonight at 9pm ET -
Some of the best 12 days of my life were in #Vegas damn do I miss that place or what
Woah, you are brave! Nice video - thanks for sharing!
wow. a second monitor is really nice during this long webinar.
how is that weird?
I see -thanks!
RT : Even if you believe you are right, consider the possibility that you could be wrong. Humility always improves relationships.
heck yea it does.... well i may see ya at school later
Hope is having a good day at her tournament!
I. Need. Waffle.
so it's true ?
After Action Reports are the first document in the chain documents about on-the-ground action.
Lets get these last 7 days over with .
Whats on my mind? Do you really wanna know?
NO IT'S MONDAY TOMORROW! WHY?!?!?!
In years 5-10. That was when we figured .275/25/80 as a DH in his declining years. He may not get those in year ONE
lol i always wanted to work at a camp
lol,that might be just a little too fancy(; lol
Beef Sale! RT : just stopped in Kincaid's meat market. They are having annual beef sale. Great deals to be had...
they won today!
Question.. When did #badgirlsclub become about growing and not being a bad girl anymore?
Happy Mother's day! Everything is very relax here! Enjoy your day!
Interested in seeing some samples bc I have a client in the real estate that is looking for aerials, exteriors and exec. shots
I'm going to lose my mind during this game. Fuck these pussy ass Vancouver cunts.
I wonder if wants to help me pack?
Just tweeted about HDRX frame rates. The whole chart is kind of hard to type out.
perfect timing! And it will be so easy when I need to get up and get out to enjoy the sun.
oh I will was just a lot crammed into one ep and hoping it wasn't a jumping shark moment. I'll be caught up quickly.
How so?
Thank you for following Sophia! Downloaded the toolbox.
Is there anyway I could attend? I am not a member but I'd like to at least watch everyone golf.
John Cena Vs The Rock! This is it!!! #wrestlemania Once in a lifetime!
If its snowing and you see a rainbow is it called a snowbow?
Love the song with Chris brown! :)
someone just wished me a happy new year UM IT'S MAY
hey! I post good stuff.
hows that Novel coming along? hehe
Um... Extra Dessert Delights gum is UH-MAZE-ZING!!!!
We're planting trees with The Greening of Detroit tomorrow!
"Cracking the Mystery of QR Codes in the Classroom" by and pkrambeck is one of 60+ breakout sessions at #mobile2012 April 11-13.
I am the awkward white girl of the party.
dude. Keep the faith. Same here. It's a rough hustle, but gotta stay diligent.
suspect in murder of Carlsbad mom
We in this bitch. So please dont hate. Even though i know its hard not to.
The feather
ZERO ONE is going to London - and taking my music along! The film has been accepted to the London Sci-Fi Film Festival!
Great evening event "Black History Month Dinner: "An Evening with the Blues" Well done!
Have an amazing week my friend, be blessed!!!!
I'm Jill. I just got promoted from cc lib volunteer to temp.
Matt Cain got paid! 112 million for 5 years
ladd. byfuglien. who gave up half-way through the season. and thats about it.
Just finishing the last track for the new album with producer Brendan! Look out Enigma, here's "Chenigma"!
The Whitney Houston tribute by jennifer hudson at the #grammys was great. But they could have done more for her tonight.
I'm on board my flight to #rootstech. I'm going from Milwaukee to Memphis to SLC. Now doesn't that sound like fun?
Beauty and the beast c:
and their colors aren't that far off either.
Can these #NY #Playoff games start already??
Unfortunately, I have a girlfriend):
No way! What did he say???? cc
does it ever actually function?
There are no words for how thankful I am for you and how much I love you ! Thank you for making this day so special!!
Mike's been going over how to Unit test your code.
Sean's gonna be a stripper when he's older .. #
I needa drink so bad cnt wait til sept
All week I was thinking I don't care about baseball. Then my student Lauren wrote about Jim Abbott. Now I can't wait to read 'Imperfect.'
Im ready for school and im so sad..
I knew Kim was gonna win. I was hoping Troyzan woulda got the 100K though.
Something to do on a Tuesday? Head to Beachland Ballroom tonite and see our friends the band
TRUE! But I at least think kittens are more fun to play with than dogs. Then again most dogs knock me over cause im so short.
Cory Gunz!! Can you DM me your email?! i NEED to send you some heat bro!!
HAHA I'm working on my new EP but put it hold til I finish moving to Hawaii (I need to save a little more). Hows things?
I'm not happy with that sucker free Chicago lineup Smh mfs gone think Chicago weak
I have watch all of the Celebrity Apprentice seasons and this has to be the worse! Have to keep in mind that Drama = Ratings!
walking dead and bed getting up early for a workout before my meeting
To mourn adversity multiplies the misfortune. FJ Roberts
Dick Clark has died of heart attack He was 82
And yes, I'm looking at you, dear people who pay me royalties every quarter.
Thanks! We are super excited for you guys to open!
“: Thanks for leaving me when I really needed you, because of you I have problems trusting someone new.”
MT RT RT RT Mr. President, have that cigarette. you deserve just one tonight.
Thanks! It was a great event.
Seeing yourself on IMAX is intense. Oh ! (@ Simons IMAX, New England Aquarium w/ ) [pic]: 4sq.com/sa2OoP
Putting the felt backings on a vertical eucalyptus triptych today, gallery wants it
Boo! Comcast internet outage...what will I do with myself today?
where are out mozz sticks?!?!?!
There is no job too big for Danna Pools Inc.
Forgot about Earth Day. Now I have slight feelings of remorse about the spray paint cans I forgot to properly recycle.
Good Luck Tonight
It works better if you actually yell that, in rhythm, at the top of your lungs.
Coach carter is such a great movie!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
you will make a great coach! You can relate to players & your work ethic will inspire them to be better.
Told me to tag him on twitter!
Congrats! Do you need anything? We met at a show at Metro, I was a merch girl. I just found your card, looked you up and damn.
Find out what's in that mysterious note! Two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Kid, in the summer of 2012, your aunt Robin decided to leave the broadcasting world & become an Agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Cleveland! We need you!!
Oh, now it's my fault for being on my phone. Maybe this is why i'm depressed? I have been blamed for shit since i was 15. 4 god dang years!!
Bye, Herman Cain...
TONIGHT- Stormbringer is performing LIVE at starting at 8:30pm!!! Let's see some 80s fashion!
These stupid hormones won't let me cry.
Finals are almost over. Reference is dead, and I'll soon be mourning the closure of the library cafe for the summer.
Excellent post, now I am feeling worse about missing it though!
i do not want to go back to school tomorrow :(
Shame when good design is ruined by harsh lighting
Toshiba Excite 13 Android tablet (preview)
So in love with 's "Over You" that she wrote with ... Such a beautiful song.
was going to ask the same thing
a chillin in class and buyy tickets for the bowlng green game an tryin to buy for fsu wbu how u been?????
Girls get wet for me i cant help it.
For sure, lest we mention the cheesecake factory. If only I could resist the compulsion to finish all the food on the plate!
just sent you an email requesting a refund for the Philly Uncubed event- bummed it got post-poned :(
Just talked to to get his thoughts on the Spurs-Jazz series. We'll play the interview on the Spurscast tomorrow. Thanks, Jody!
rt if you love ur fans in chicago <nothing even matters>
. I seem to remember GWB traveling back & forth from DC to Crawford TX alot-to clear brush!
Good lesson there!
Got my LG Ally/droid square swiper . Cooking Demos coming soon come get your KegaQue Free Food a Brat fry & Clinic Tailgate 101 Get in it!
Congrats !!! Have fun and enjoy the day
it's hard to. I'm also not sure what a "taco struggle" is -- eating too many, or too few?
TY& Wonderful wknd to Looking forward to your tweets, tweeps.
Synching their sway as they walk. So... no it's not cute. Just creepy.
Cant wait for CMT awards!
haha I was picturing more yellow, my dads fav restaurant iscalled cunha, I'm from brazi but moms side is all from portugal
Car rides with and (twitterless) Julia are the absolute best.
Apple? RT Stay healthy when you’re in a rush! #BiggestLoser nutritionist has a new on-the-go recipe 4 you.
Watching Big Time Concert at home. Thanks to 's season 1 vol.2
not even close
Omg I'm too hype for this game!!!
sisterzz i wanna do a feat. Yall can sing very nice! I can sing but never recored lol i wanna try if yall dnt mind!
And E.J. Levenberry is criminally overrated. Just my opinion - hope I'm wrong.
my nigga really giving me the silent treatment wtf
25 days since arbitration...doesn't mean we'll get word today, but I'm decked out in #Brewers gear just in case
Leaving my little baby and towards the advance social media strategies in CA
Thanks Everyone for the #FF :D I love you bunches!
Fortuna...Luck is coming your Way
Dinner at the parents! Love it when my dad makes juicy lucys! Yay
Students gain lasting self-confidence not by being protected fromfailure but by learning they can survive it. -- Tony Wagner
follow ---> :) whoever made that for me thank u!!:)
Couldn't bring myself to vote for a republican primary candidate. Voted for Obama and feel good about it.
& need to do another cover of Drake. ;)
Men and women stalk differently. Men will drive by at night. Women will show up at your job and smash your stuff in front of everyone.
I wanna go to Italy...I heard they like black people over there. ;) lol
How long have you been blogging?
someone please stop #GMail & google products from crashing. KILLING my productivity right now. then again... thanks?!
lol as I love u no matter u a ManU fan! Lol
At least mine is manual, but it was too cold to leave it off. I did need to store some stuff too, though!
#juhomecoming is TOMORROW! We can't wait to see all of our alums back on campus!
I called back, but you didn't answer..
Not too late to place a Scentsy order and get in the drawing for Snapshot!! My order closes at midnight and someone's getting lucky!!
update the #facebook user data graph api logic to allow open graph object interactions
not after the gunners get suarez this summer. Ha.
Follow back please
Gg Daniel Bryan. Quickest match ever.
WHY IS IT SO HOT IN TEXAS RIGHT NOW
Nothing,You?
"vghfufiuvcvcyucvjhvjv" what was that for...
Listening to Peyton Manning's new #Bronco teammates talk about how excited they are with the signing is giving me goosebumps.
i deactivated my fb before i could respond to ur comment but it went good but i had to turn it down because of the hours :(
K is a "little scientist.". She's an avid gardener & loves learning about our work. Finding solutions to tree problems brings daily fun!
My dad was one of the finest Christians I ever knew. Hard to believe its been 3 months since he went home.
im hungry
Brokers this is your opportunity to sell New Single-Family Homes in Doral Join us today at Balmoral in Doral for more info 305-593-1110
why ya laugh?
“Don't start a company unless it's an obsession… if you have an exit strategy, it's not an obsession.” –
thanks Marian for RT- have a good weekend
Is it ok to leave your brain at home when going in holiday? We would to hear what you think?
What's your favorite brand of canned tuna?
Me too. I love that characteristic in a man.
He's in custody now. Thank goodness.
holy crap i get my housing assignment tomorrow
#TwitterBaseball is like $2000 in Baseball Fun.. So there i made your choice for you
Tried to give blood today...evidently the Dominican Republic is a malaria risk country...who know
"'This is no flattery: these are counsellors / That feelingly persuade me what I am.'" - Duke Senior on the weather, AYLI 2.1.9-11
That's disappointing. You should put it out somewhere else; I'd like to read it. Do you have a blog or equivalent?
I hope Elton John is preparing an appropriate memorial song in tribute to Starburns.
Family's home, dinner's in the oven, and the sun is going down. Shabbat shalom, hey!
Thanks JO!
Only 3 more days to go......I hope to see every one at the Magic Bag on Thursday night to celebrate during the holiday season.
we'll see
Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home
“Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more” Anthony Robbins
I just learned that and was blown away. And it wasn't just the Nazis but Hitler himself that came up with the idea.
A virus going around through DM. If you receive something from me that sends you to a blog about you, delete it. Don't even open the note.
Watch this space. ;)
Charm City, here I come!
Well I'm back home at my hotel!!
aw thanks sweetie
I want to know how many tweets it will take to get you to follow :) On 20 somethin right now.
Lou's ass.
yea thats probably why! :\
Yeah. I sent him one a while ago. But its whatever
La premiere de ma piece de theatre. On a encore 3 representations. Et cool pour la carte :-)
I feel you .
Urban Meyer to Ohio State? Urban is an Ohio native...
": Some people are just full of excuses & broken promises *shrugs*"
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was lame and boring! I was wrong !!
morning to you. I still waiting for my sleeping pill to kick in cuz its 315 here. might not get to sleep till a little after 4
Must trudge through my assigned readings, type e-mails, prepare for a major project and just hope my chiropractor can see me tomorrow.
Hey, if your name is Geoff, man up and pronounce it jee-off.
Typical Savas... came to the wrong cinema :-( I meant to watch Hugo 3D but am now watching the bad Starwars Ep1 3D again. Geeking out :)
I'm bored by their date....
Gideon Toolbox for Public Defenders, wiki like system for adding PD resources.
How many hats can one wear at one time?
Why do we bust our ass to get to a doctor's appointment on time when we have to wait anyway?
Can I sense the "I am" my essential beingness.My essential identity as consciousness itself.In the background of my life?Yes I CAN, can you?
I know I know, its me, you don't have to tell the world.. XD
All mahomies!!!!! Please tweet me questions and I'll make a video and post it on a certain page or maybe on my YouTube and I'll answer them
torn pectorals (Hortford), severely sprained ankles (Allen), etc. 's getting a pass. More concerned w/K than the team.
But guys, we all have good reasons to dislike slutlena, even jasmine.
We are at Sunset and Valley View today And Closed on Friday July 3rd! Elvis dog-Banana, peanut butter and bacon. Its a favorite!
What's your favorite song/s by fall out boy
Doesn't it seem like NASA could be brought in on the Gulf disaster? Their engineers MUST be better than BP's.
RT Smashing Niketown windows? Come on guys, the new Seahawk uniforms are kind of cool. Complete over-reaction.
You're welcome. Great article!
You don't look as good as your FB pics! ;/
Really 11:09pm, why can't day start here.
Will you ask Bobby to tell Aiyegbusi thanks for getting my hat out of the trash after it mysteriously made it onto the field Sat
No doubt, every time I do hear it no matter how few and far between it always puts me in a better mood.
#Success only happens after failed attempts !
Its okay for my to complain about my life but when you do it its so annoying.
I am incredibly tired.
I'm at a SuperBowl party full of Saints fans and no 1 wants my $14 action for the Colts to win straightup.I guess the fans are 1/2 assed too
#PeytonManning to become a #Titan? Whaddaya think?
Anyone catch the quarter finals of sony erickson? Rafa was a force and took out tsonga, who didn't play his best. Bye bye Jo.
Sometimes you gotta turn your anthropology off! lol
New Sherlock is it Season 2 or 3? I saw 1n I'm dying 2 see Season 2. Finish Season 3 of Dr Who Biggest shock: The Fave of Boe
although I enjoyed losing my virginity, not my iPhone!
Hahaha ill let you know how it goes for me LOL! so far its ok! :) just trying to figure out when ppl tweet me !
doing this computer assignment.
Wynnicism#4: If u lack the creativity so much that instead of using plethora of expletives ur saying "Jesus Christ" ur PATHETIC
Sorry to my followers who I have blankly tweeted. I'm really not sure how it happened haha
When did u change ur Twitter name??
Wear the #cream&crimson with pride. Can you name the winners of ’s 49 Olympic gold medals?
I agree with this Melia! Booty if you don't put yourself first they'll walk all over you. New year = foot down :)
You've been this active on Twitter until now without a smartphone? Few make it that far, I feel like.
Why do you want to be a writer?
i guess that im playing hide and seek with and my little brother lol
prob will do something for mothers day
i been good dass wassup which mall u aT
Good Morning
Oh, wow, lol. Even 27 followers is a lot for me. ^<U+25BC>^
Break my heart once, Shame on YOU, Break my heart twice, Shame on ME, Break my heart 749 times, please bring me lots of #Beer!
Galatians 6:9, "Let us not grow weary in well-doing, for in due season we shall reap if we do not lose heart."
"If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade." -
"Only love is all maroon - Gluey feathers on a flume. Sky is womb and she's the moon." ::bon iver::flume::
Cool Citrus Basil is as popular fragrance. Cool and refreshing with just a hint of sweetness.
Oops! Forgot to add the hashtag
I can't listen to dubstep when I drive. I keep having to pause the song because I think my engine is exploding.
I'm like.... reeeeeeeeeeelly hungry.
It's the start of NATOgeddon week!
for at whatever point you judge the other, you are condemning yourself, because you who pass judgment do the same things. -Romans 2:1
You know you were flattered.
No worries. Are you in the land down under? How I would love to make it down there some day.
You'd think that the money Trustwave is extracting from their little racket that they'd at least hire some competent UX people.
*reads headline* "Limp Bizkit signs to Young Money" *face is frozen in confused disbelief* Misery loves company? Idk what to tweet.
most of the time I'm shocked at how loaded the questions are. I read it: ARE YOU F%&*KING SERIOUS?!
Couldn't have asked for nicer weather today. Love celebrating with family.
It's official. The "Committee to Elect Ross L. Pike" does now exist! It feels nice to actually have an official campaign committee. :)
To live dis life i need a heartbeat
I'm going to Times Square today! Yeeeee!
:) Hope you and Mick are celebrating Valentine's Day, sweetie. Much love!
I think today is the day I learn how to ride a scooter...
Thanks! 435 happens to be my favorite number.
thx! ": For all my girls #WomenWineWednesday "
also, as a quick aside, customs in Nassau has got to be staffed by the most miserable, rude low-lifes I've ever seen. it's like they (cont)
What a fun afternoon at the Inner Harbor with Mom & Steph. Getting cultured at the Walters then a fun lunch & walk around Baltimore.
thank you ima need that luck lol
believes that sharing is caring...
In my 3rd week of chemo & radiation. All is going well so far. :-)
like the beer!
Change your routine this weekend. Get outside. Remember, things that matter most must never be at the the mercy of things that matter least.
Gotta get out of bed smh
GASP are you cheating on Tarra? lol
Jinsu needs to run far away and never return.
oh neat!
Not that I like One Direction. But their vocies are actually good. If you watch videos of them singing they are good.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout. - Play Alganon
Are you tweeting from upstairs? I miss you Pedetra!
get me some pita chips. and a large beer.
Yes it was a hell of a series & hey, losing 3 of the 4 games in OT means it was close
joshua singing "mans world" the performance was iconic!!!
SHE TELLS HIM SHE'S IN CHURCH, BUT SHE DOESNT GO, STILL SHE'S ON HER KNEES, AND SCOTTY DOESN'T KNOW!
Really need to get out of this funk. It's really annoying me now.
If you open a few miles south, I'm there.
dude everyday maybe throw in a thank you
Get inspired and don't miss Healthful Indian Flavors with Alamelu today! At 12:30PM on MPTV 10.
definitely interested but still haven't left work. What time are you thinking?
Can't stress how much that means.
jus got some hard ass beats in....dro we in there its time to eat
Buff, I have you pegged as a fairweather fan.
Tonight we are young
#IfIDontGetBelieveTickets i will be depressed cuz this would be the second time i wouldnt get to see him :/ but i'll be in Boston all day!!
I am in a responsible conduct of research session. For grad students only! (?)
It's always a process when deciding which location we should go to...
i hear about a perfect game.. good job buddy
Discovered I marked my calendar wrong and have to work part of Good Friday and Easter Monday. LOVE my jobs but wish I had time for rest.
4 hours of fun can change lives tinyurl.com/3gu5742
you can do it mama.
what are u tlkin bout?
thank you for coming!!
Sounds fishy. Don't tell your employer. :)
A BIG Happy Thanksgiving to all of you and a happy packers WIN day.
I'm convinced the Repubs are on suicide watch, they really want to lose bad in Nov. if they pick Santorum
I think I'm gonna go visit London in November. I've never been overseas...I'm told tall people are more common over there.
Video Editing Made Easy For The Complete Novice by lancecarr
air conditioning seems to be out on car 01858 - currently alewife bound out of park st.
This has to be the busiest week of my life! Gahh, So stressed and SUPER tired!
Im nobodys maid...i have enough to do already
I caught that too. Very strange.
Thank you! is the real genius, I just happened to make some bacon caramel and banana stuff. :)
Why tell me to come at a specific time for an appointment when I'm sitting here for 45 minutes...kk
Thanks for the RT!
And finally the Michelangelo Baconioni: a sweet potato and bacon pancake with honey butter and maple syrup.
I know right! Lol
I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day
Im broke... Like mc hammer broke
Cannot wait for punkd with,my boy
I am following. Looking forward to updates. " thanks Renee. Follow us for live updates until we start our investigation."
Nice call...what has he won again....nothing!
just got the first order of #Giants Superbowl champs apparel! Sweet!
you don't have to !
#TacoTuesday fish tacos!! Yummy!!!
haha we wouldn't have any clue!
I Love It<3
I hear Ariel's fishy in between the legs.
Stubborn ass
thatll happen in a couple of minutes I'm sure!!(;
i<U+E022>u so much! ~mahomie4life~
Thank you for responding!
#FotoWeekDC learning about social impact through photography from
It's pretty out :) might get cam early and take him to the beach or park
Disseminate info about our resources to dispersed communities, connect to communities within social media one use case
Wow! That's close - hooray for
#replacebandnameswithpancakes "Panic! at the Pancakes"
This white lady on the car next to us thinks she thuggin bumpin sum lil wayne dancin up on her prius..lol
Whoa, just joined Twitter.
sorry for the delay, meetings all day!! (still sitting in one but a but ADD) great to meet, Heidi! Thx Sara :)
Bouta go get my girl from work and go have dinner!
what that suppose to mean?
“ Take yo tittys out when u smoke wit me bitch.... With all due respect.”
Check out this SlideShare presentation : Ologie Social Media Presentation://bit.ly/9ktotp
To most Christians, the Bible is like a License Agreement. Nobody really reads it. They just scroll to the bottom and click "I Agree"
I think your father in law is heading down too. Hoping to meet up with them amidst the thousands! :)
Can't wait for Des Moines. Had tix in Den AND Omaha got sick & missed both shows! See you front row center in Des Moines!!
every time you tweet about a 'tall Fiji' I want to punch you in the face
An idiot who lives down the hall. Its the same guy who becomes "Jew Claw" when he is drunk lol
With you,shawty with you. With you,shawty with you. Under the mistle toe <3
MTV'S Jam Of The Week: Aww Yeah "
Yay for CFPB. Disappointed they're telling us they have no jurisdiction over federal tenant protection law.
for all my followers that interested to know that as of right now #SpiritLance is about 78 pages long this is short but it is a E Book.
I think the single shittiest thing you can do is fire up a leave blower outside someone's window at 8 am.
ikr-really in brooklyn but...
Giving up voting for Tech in the game day poll. Now voting for Nebraska.
Let the side chick meet the family! Who does that! Crazy
#sometimesyouhaveto laugh at yourself even when you feel like crying. better than looking like a baby..
Blasting Above The Broken.
Sitting in the gym parking lot this morning & noting how few cars there were made me realize that gyms really do count on you not showing up
Look, sir! Droids!
RSVP: Smuggler Films
Time for next project - updating to the latest creative suite.
"Just because you have imperfections doesn't mean your imperfect. It's something unique about yourself" - that was so cute.
LOL i have no idea how to react to this,
remeber that quote from for may 18th :)
It's still raining outside
Awesome night at the WPA with
#littlemonsters Let's help get the 200th follower. Paws up! ("") ("")
Retweet if u love Justin Bieber!!!!!
#ForeverFly RT : Follow Clothing line in the CHI. They're creating a fly movement in our community
Actually, 30K USD/yr suffices if you manage to keep your burn rate under 2K a month, even in NYC as I do.
So done with school.
Durbin warming in the bullpen for the Indians -- A's lead 3-2 in the 6th #MLB #A's
the thing is in order to even be considered in legit auditions you need to have a resume with past experience (like classes n
Father's Day- the wife runs a triathlon starting at dawn, Fantasy Poker League at Bikinis in Austin.
GET THE FUCK TOGETHER ALREADY #KNICKS CMON! THE GAME IS NOT OVER!
drinking American coffee in a London mug while waiting to watch Germany play for third place in the world cup.
I dont think austin notices me:/
I am not sure if that's good or not. Ha
OMG! is appearing at the Birchmere on 2/10! That Is All... that I need to be happy right now. :)
That's why Melo shoots so damn much he is alone STAT ain't shit!
I have a major academic deadline every week from now until Thanksgiving. It's go time.
Just woke from a Lil nap...
#FF He's awesome and my bracelet buddy! :)
in 2012, ports do not need to be numbers nor to be limited.
is there alcohol involved? Greetings from crap ref baseball ;)
your welcome... keep me in mind!!
Nice Idea! RT : I try and wake up early to have a few moments to myself! Usually helps me throughout the day!
“: "People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be." Abraham Lincoln - Happy Birthday Abe!”
Justin BIEBER and Selena GOMEZ both got fire on stage- how sweet!
“: great lunch!”---next month to be even better!
off to NYC for the weekend, with a brief stop in Brunswick, NJ to see one paper at
Responded to VACATE @ 141 East 95th St, Brooklyn, NY 11212. Red Cross auto update.
Jennifer's little girl is extra cute
youre twitter handle and you're practice...as a structure guy, primarily plaintiff, checked your website...well done!
Hey Baby Girl, hope u r feeling better. Take care of yourself. U gotta b there for the little one..your legacy. God bless
This dude is a mess.
lol. has a certified Twitter account... (Minnesota's Governor) does NOT.
Can't wait to see the new digs, neighbor. :)
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
yeah I know
love the Bayshore, need to call them about next Sat. Missing their balconies!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>beat Sunday morning in a while
jus kids these days the decisions they make and things they do...
#civilwar quote of day. CSA diary. 8/61. 'this revolution was only begun-we should soon have washington & the northern states!'
This dude on the bus with a lazy eye is staring at me. Or is he?
not a problem:D
Dreams aren't easily obtainable, that's why we call them dreams.
The crank 2 drinking game, yay!
If I do asia well be the 1st one to cry
yes, in that a-holes like that dude can only be found in the first world
Now have 2 wait till Monday after next 4 "grand new plan" frm obama?Is he kidding-waited 4+ weeks-& more waiting?We needed jobs yesterday!!
Thanks! These are fun!
Okay, on to better thoughts, did someone say Chowdah?? Chowdah Fest 2night 6:30 & more!
The mountains of Idaho (Sun Valley) for a few months doing some social media consulting while I apply for jobs in SF, DC, Denver!
RT : congrats to for winning 1 million from Chase Bank!!! thanks to everyone for voting.
I could use a foot rub, but I suppose that's out of the question.
The only thing wrong with that jet is that it's heading to Chicago. :p
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Arnold Palmer tea, and are making this sick day a whole lot better.
Rubicon, for as long as it was alive.
« « Ayee , You’re not ready for your next if you’re still trying to impress your ex.»»
Felt like having ice cream for dinner but heard in my head yelling "don't do it!!"
And I'm out...before I'm bored to death
i already saw it :P
i started off as a battle rapper i will ruin yo local buzz u fuckn dirt feet... niqqa from yo hood telling u let it lone take the advise
: #NowWithAlex.Is just like the GOP/misquoting LIAR! Defending a group who could care less for his rights!
thanks Dakota <U+263A>
ur happy face is facing 2 the right not 2 the left.Unless u ARE Greyson&u switched ur happy faces so we wont know its u :O
Bed! Very long day
Happy 4th of July every one! Looks like rain here today, but there's always hope that the sun will come out and it will be a nice day!
S/O to go follower since u ain't doing nothing with yall lifes
Vixen's Mixins creates a line of cupcake mixes with as few as 60 calories! Check them out for yourself at www.treatdujour.com
can I just mention its not May...
please follow ! its JADENS OFFICIAL ARMY! Tell your followers to do the same <3 thanks! OH! and they follow back!!!
#buffs! Let's do this! Sweet 16 sounds incredible!
ur just a little excited about this huh
& of course Damian is late
add #M83 to your list!
Playing some games. :)
I can't front its not looking good for #HeatNation 5pts for Wade -_-, 1 rb for Joel Anthony compared to Hibbert's 18 smh
have some time, but also encore so most people default to that
Well I don't have an angelic rocker voice like some lucky people... ;)
Arthur Conan Doyle You do not lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.
Good luck to #bradpickett tonight on his #UFC bout. Bring it home for
Tons of food and tons of #basketball! Ahh
Tonight was the best.
let me help you find a costume! i can compile a list of options and even pick up for you. dm me and we can discuss
Ah it is you Zhuge, I kind of thought :) Good to see you out supporting Destiny of an Emperor as always HUO HU lol...
It's Free for All Friday with Jeffrey Magee and Cheryl White. Touching on the untouchable topics! Join us!
If you got a DM from me saying that someone was saying stuff about you... delete it... It's a spam don't click the link... Thanks
i hope nothing like that ever happens to anybody i care about... life is crazy
Darnell topping out at mid 80s. Chris Davis nearly hit 90. Interesting...
Well, I didn't win the lottery. Guess I'm going to work tomorrow
YES I do!! I meant like a second job. Lol. Don't worry.
Is it just me, or does it look like Jonah Hill is choking with that bow tie?
If I had my headphones I would listen to
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answers. ~William S. Burroughs
Finally escaped the #Pentagon for a #lunchdate & had my first Salad today. Chesapeake Bay Cobb was fantastique!
haha so old school
Seeing The Raven instead of The Avengers. Lol
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas... jk its Halloween
Your not the only one...
We're supposed to be impressed? Every other coach, good or bad, will be doing the same thing
I is good. taking pain pill today, like randomee But good.
#FF to one of the coolest cats on the Twitters!
The crew is not going to be the same without !
Tomorrow night: i'll be performing at Luther's Table in Renton, WA (419 S. 2nd St). Shows starts at 7:30pm. Blessings.
It seems like its so hard for people to be original these days.
as in that's what's up on the tweet
You got a single called "Whippin' Tha Lac" and you had to call baby momma to take you to the radio station...
did I say he was Mexican?
Sometimes I Rhyme Slow Sometimes I Rhyme Quick
so happy for u 2 congrats
I was wavering, but he looked a little too much like Tom Cruise RT : and you didn't stop to offer him coffee?
But it's hard out here for a pimp so I understand..
. no worries but let's figure out the wiki setup and getting more work done there - so we can help each other better!
whoa there. It hasnt been THAT long, but phones work 2 ways, shawty.
yea if i go to twitter web it's fine. Weird.
Free Prescription Discounts - Savings up to 28% - Target - VICODIN -
Got the Jackie Brown OST for the ride.
69% of people will find something sexual in a Tweet
It seems like Monday evening works for everyone. Location TBD. 7:00pm?
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
feel the <3
hm I really have to think about this!
I dislike today. Make it better, universe!
have any cookies?!
when you sleep someone else is working #(KD)MindSet
I'm about to be real #haitian and throw my slipper at the television
Sure! Could you tell me more about what you're looking for? Is this for an occasion? Theme? $ point! Etc
I'm super active and in shape it takes hard work to sit on the couch and eat chips...I can't reach the remote, man I need 2 get outside more
I was surprised more people didn't fall asleep lol. And you should have tried harder!!
Swinging on a swing set
Woohoo! Am I a party animal on Friday nights, or what?
Great tweets coming out of #ASTD2012 Wish we were there! Thanks to all the tweeple sharing.
I prefer the seething jealousy I feel while watching International, too.
Bi-Weekly meeting tonight 7:30pm. Come help unload a literal car load of tools and new toys from his car.
#quotes #history Let thy step be slow and steady, that thou stumble not. Ieyasu Tokugawa - samurai (first shogun of Japan)
My bf gon miss the heat game smh I don't feel like hearin about this
Our offense is in fire!! Run production....great at bats....pop ups....glad we have JV on the hill!
Good weed. Red slurpies. We drive in the night time.
Don't think so…they're gradually switching us all over. I am taking the plunge first :(
shoulda song a diff song he was good until a bitch became a problem 2night.
you'll love it. Positively beautiful there.
Student Quote: "I love chess. I would sure want chess to be born." - Christian, 7
I just stopped watching. Can't do it anymore.
She's happy to make a pair of pants for you, or at least sew its seams.
Love the Eagles!
What that is?
yes!!!! We most def should!
I am so not in the mood for anything today..... Including this seminar
BREAKING: Potential presser tomorrow for all 5 UK underclassmen.
The age long question...Mac or PC?
Dance Classes are Back at Stage 7: February 12th, 19th, 26th - I am back on my regular teaching schedule - let's get our groove back
Love the new website very fun & colourful! See you in Agoura Hills sometime soon. If not The Grove.
Love the fact from now on i wake up everyday after 10
twitter's #bootstrap 2.0 is annihilating my world and then methodically reconstructing it in front of my eyes.
In Tom Brady We Trust!
Ten #art pieces are up and for sale now at Flying Fish #Coffee in Mt. Pleasant! Check it out and let me know what you think!
Take my belt off bitch I'm pootie tang tippie tow tippie tay you gon get a tip today ...Fuck tht you gon get some dick today ..
#ThoughtsWhileRunning I have to pass that guy that's ahead of me
thanks for you! This year I streamed you while doing taxes & tax world doesn't seem so tedious now. I finally have a solution....
Happy birthday Callan Carter! Welcome to the world!
join us at the ritz in warren on march third!!!!!!
yea bro
Cool! Steelers get Gay!
OMG!! Just got like the best surprise ever! I have 6 A's and 1 B so far in my classes GOD ANSWERED MY PRAYER!!!!!!!!! Praise God!! =)
I heart you Rangers!
Flip cup FTW! I think that I'll pass on the Simpler Times this time though. ; )
Nice to see CEO and CFO of Manpower take the Hiawatha train to Chicago as well
Oh, ouch and um, yay?
good luck tonight!!!
Who doesn't love Dr. Seuss?? Storytime reading of THE LORAX! Sat, 2/25 from 9 -11am at all Target stores. Goody bags, book specials & more.
B Roy is my homeboy
With pineapple salsa RT : Fish tacos by far!
I am a personal assistant looking for work based in LA - moving from NYC after 15 years to CA. Have exp.
look at Jeter's stats this year and over last 160 games. One of best in game at SS. Fact
Hedwig and the Angry Inch tonight at the Cha Cha Lounge. Happy Hour All Night!!!
And the more booze for me (when I crash the festivities)! ;)
lol what's Lala's world? I don't have TV.
MCR is also amazing live :) lol! I'm so jealous!!! :P But i'm gonna try to go see Incubus at the end of September! :)
ok I got u
almost 200 followers!
That's a lot of kid movies! Also, just wanted to say thanks for the Bandcamp recommendation! Really appreciate it. :)
I guess you still don't get so lets take it from the top, you asked me what my sign is and I told you it was stop.
The left is taking way too much pleasure in reporting this.
You injured yourself in a rock climbing accident so now you're taking up gardening? Great idea!
Peeling an orange
The way One Direction says ' hair ' >>>> (:
As of know is the #1 guy in my Life <3 "*
IBB Cutch if you are the Stros? I would
This Saturday is going to be a party at Numbers! Ask us for tickets! Can't wait or turkey day next week! M...pumpkin pie!
Dave Dahl's skin cancer scare. What Dave ignored that you shouldn't. Plus Dave's recovery tonight on KSTP-TV at 10.
I still have no idea where it's all going. What is the right thing what is the wrong think.
lol we already know RT : hm. Sounds like something we want in on lol.
|#quotes We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible.
I'm excited to see my girl #NataliePortman tonight. #Oscars She's still my #1 celebrity crush.
5 tweets later...[END RANT]
I just finished cutting the grass. I feel Mexican. X)
“: April 17 and my farmers tan is looking nice already.” Same brotha...
see see, u done got yo ass in some shit now! just go wit niggas. damn smh....lol
Quintilian~ Nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming.
Hey ! Your Local on the 8's said it's sunny (it's not) and your radar shows it's raining (it's not.) What gives?
Thx for a great party last night - you & Michael are great! Have a good weekend. Let's get together soon.
what up
"She tweets like dumb things I say..." - coworker
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 5-career has been done with that respect and appreciation in mind. And that is why I'm so grateful and humbled
After watching the pageant again with national directors , it came out that phillipines was the one whose answer was the best!
RT ": You are pretty. yes, YOU." Seriously, Brandon is one of the sweetest guys ever. (:
shoutout to my new follower! mahalo, one love!
Chilling on this front porch while arianna sleeps <3
Anyone know where I can pick up an intravenous time released coffee monitor? Then I be good
#SO to #nf...Tight Work Bro!!!
thought yous were from Jersey? I need the new record!
National Movement strategy says we kindle small groups, communication networks, capable leaders, mobilizing leaders
In the office fine tuning tomorrows upper body strength training workout for the Mens Basketball team. I LOVE putting my knowledge to use!!!
I'm sorry.. agreed about what?
Try our new classes today in South Miami! Power Yoga w/ Ashley - 4:30pm & Budokon Yoga - 2pm!
#FF back at you, SDH! Was so good to see you today. :)
Drive from WV to Florida<<<<
Cool kids can't die.
Many people play sports bt i love to dance.
On my way back from fishing :) and miss her like crazy<3
two Weeks frm tomorrow! Still waiting for the social media pin to come in!
lol I miss u too Tallahassee SUCKS right now
hm I think that'll blow me up. Prolly gonna need something lighter lol
I can be so girly! #uh RT : ...and with the girliest excuse to get out of a meeting. I'm actually a little proud.
There was nothing that even came close to seeing him kick that dirt on the umps.....oh the memories!
Remembering I have walked along the top of an aqueduct where the water used to run...
I felt all left out, not tweeting about anything so heres my black friday tweet! with and
how's your final4
Fast action by Clay County Hospital Emergency team helps save a life
Send your funniest pet photo. Make your furry friend a star. Win a free grooming from Paw Wash Plus. www.itsyourhometrinity.com
Oh my drunk people i forgot today was tequila sunrise until i walked downtown!
I think the word casual just doesn't sit well with me. On the whole, I believe in all kinds of potentialities.
So many sad Bills stats crawling across the screen. *sad trombone*
Essay: Supporting A Daughter's Love for Superheroines (While Wishing There ... - The Mary Sue
Where do broken hearts go?<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Breathe in . Breathe out.
I really could have let Saturday come to a close without discovering my corgi "investigating" an injured bird.
Set your goals high.. then exceed them!
Outstanding ~ are very Legendary Victorians give amazing tweets to everyone daily. They're truly beautiful <U+2665> :)
Couldn't agree more about heel striking when running....heels are for walking!!
You, too. And get some sleep.
I live on the edge, I don't get ready for work until I have 8 minutes left to get ready for work! BLAMMO! Take that, work!
Presenting the colossus: Norma Jean, For Today, Sleeping Giant, The Chariot, War of Ages, Close Your Eyes, Texas In July and more July 20!
Whoa der sexy momma
Could the former DTP femcee be announced into Rozay's MMG fold today? Rumored reports are saying just that...
I love my chicken, cluck cluck cluck! You eat my chicken, I mess you up!!
Stay strong brother. Those Boston fans are intense!
Bout to got to bed
Beat dat beat up ;D
At stenys having dinner and beer going out with my dad tonight.
I said. Scuse me yur a hellova guy, I'm mean my my my like pelican fly <3
Just let it go...
ask :P haha sorry, I'm just too lazy to answer
looking forward to having you in the office this week and getting going on #Spokaneweek and
and I will come out for a few days 100%.
my first double header is tomorrow. I hope I make it to the 2nd game
Not that I doubt Bauerlein's estimate!
When you have more fouls than points, you know it's been a tough night.
shot being Lauri
Well 4 mothers day tomorrow suggest the restaurant where richard works just saying
Over $15000 raised last night for the hunger task force. Thank you to everyone that came out. Merry christmas!
delete this account and start following me on this account. alik_rainey Thank you
Beautiful day for a frapp from our #starbucks in the Lobby- corner of Tijeras and 3rd
I'm on Google+ now. If you are, let's connect.
Oh my god, when the hell did I say that?! That must've been so long ago!
I want to punch 'that guy' who yells, "Get in the hole!" the second after a putt gets struck.
thanks for the shoutouts..you guys rock!
this is your iphone, so I command you to tickle me again by tweeting #mahomies:D it was funn!
RT : Grateful to see The Island President tonight @ SF Green Film Fest. Go See It!!
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe rude people
last season=sad thoughts. Way too good of a show.
yeah...everyone was staring at us with pity. In Red Robin...which is pretty sad.
I bet I hate it more...there needs to be a law
You know bitch ass pokemon's attack will be gettin' lower when I bust out growl!
omg it should be a holiday right! Lol j/k you cut your hair?
A girl doesn't need to tell you straight up how she feels. It's written all over the way she acts when you're around.
what is Peter Chernin up to?
Is Always Right ! :D
Out for a run...catch me if you can (actually I'm a pretty slow runner, so you probably could)!
Wow! Good job. Ohm Shanti!
": Yes I’m smiling, but you’re not the reason anymore."
Tasting my way through the Bourbon Trail in KY today.
That's Devils hockey. Own the boards, win the game. Two more periods. Keep the energy up!
Ba da ba ba ba
I am getting wired up at Wired Magazine for my reaction to the #Superbowl commercials. What I did for love! #superbowl ads
In the spotlight, prepare for those who want to: block it, steal it, stunt it, share it, redirect it, or shine it brighter. Learn who's who.
THAT IS LUCAS VERCETTI AND HE IS A BEAUTIFUL CREATURE.
Tuesday, love your style! Making it happen. Leading the team to victory. Ah...just continually adding to the reasons I adore you! :-)
I feel bad for not liking Hesher because I love Natalie portman and JGL so much. Their acting was great but I just didn't like the story.
Excited for summer? ME TOO!!!!
Happy Syttende Mai to all back in mother country Norway. INDEPENDENCE!! Miss you all and see you in August for new record and tour.
The #Marlins have lost a few games. They're also having managerial problems. Get it together fins!
Sidecut again soon. \m/
I like horror and dram and mysteries what about u
thanks for those RT's!
where IS everyone today? are we the only ones working?
Downhill Xtreme - Universal - HD Gameplay Trailer - progress lighting arts
Irony-the religion teacher telling students to download her son's explicit lyric songs
Things we do...
I sure could use your magical hangover-destroying burger right now.
well thank you sweets! (: YOU'RE cute!!
F the Lakers, y'all the Heat.
At California Women Lawyers dinner in Monterey. Women rock. :)
Well, this is a portmanteau to end them all. RT Abysscotheque.
Thanks, Allan. My week has ended with me in high spirits. Looking forward to a wonderful weekend. Enjoy yours too!
Where's jessica she's the only one I care about
thas a lucky ass bitch.
I'm ProudOfAl .....who the hell is Al???
wow nice choice of words there lol xD
Where was my high five? I feel cheated.
Made it back home to the heat box. Thanks again Canada for your warm hospitality and cool temps.
hey hope your doing well, are you still in the burgh?
Just got the #NewNewTwitter. Going to take some getting used to but I like it so far.
Your my other half my soul mate I love u so much and u mean everything to me Tu eres el amor de mi vida Te Amo<3
that bone is rather.....impressive!
yayyy.uhmmm.sunday? at church..but.i dont know if im going sunday! so maybe in a week! LOL!
I love you too.
RT I wonder if John Roberts & other SCOTUS justices have headaches from everyone reading their minds so much lately.
RT : Instagram is now in a relationship and it's complicated.
Happy V Day!!!
Sent Over a Couple of Posts to , Closing In On #NewBiz and Making Strides w/Some Member of the Press
Tune in today at 9 to see Rania cooking a recipe inspired from a 1928 KDKA Radio cookbook!
Newsletter hit a few bumps as well, but still remaining hopeful, blog will (hopefully) get better now that I have more time...
Has anyone read STARTERS? I keep hearing about it.
now playing " the last song " by on #ulr www.urbanlatinoradio.com
The drop bid system for Sharp Equity is up and running! This will position them to dominate the wholesale market. Congrats Team!!!
Jail is not the answer for drug addicted children.
#EDSHOW NEWT has no sense of reality when it comes to poor people. What a loser!!
i seriously need out of this place. its more than i can bare. i wonder if my mother would let me live with her i really hope so im miserable
I'm just holding on because my faith in God is just that strong.
You're very welcome. : )
#nyy #yankees Have EVERY player on the team learn how to BUNT, and then execute at the appropriate time... LIKE WHEN YOUR DOWN 3 BOTTOM 8
Adding all sorts of fall merchandise from #Carhartt, #Key, #Dickies etc. So excited to wear long sleeves & layers again!
As I look back now, I laugh because there was never any real reason to be threatened by you. I will always be better than you.
A successful life doesn't require that we've done the best, but that we've done our best. -H. Jackson Brown
Have been taking advantage of all this great weather? What is your favorite thing to do outside? Hike? Bike? ???
Why do #cops drive like #assholes?! Even when they aren't chasing anyone.
Even though we didn't reach 3,000 followers on Facebook, we are still going to select one FB follower tomorrow and send them a KoreFit!
My mind goes so many directions in a matter of seconds
Thanks so much for coming! Contact us directly if you have questions, .
I love it I love it I love it, when you eat it
do I need to come regulate on some people ?
I hate how Subway only give you 1 napkin
You go through guys crazy fast. You just use them. That's a maneater. What's your definition of the word?
i replied to your text from 5:59 n never got texted back smh
#TweetandEat panel is about to begin SIS room 233
What the Haps on the Craps Otown,Is there anything good to listen to in the evening.. Cant Find Shit To Chill and Listen Too
plz don't quit the Austin Mahone story on YouTube
Thanks for the birthday lovin everybody! I appreciate ya ;)
I look forward to debating Tammy Baldwin on the very moral principles of our philosophies - Eric Hovde
I'm not living if you're not by my side.
Forbes tried 2 claim Sac is 1 of most miserable cities - We BEG TO DIFFER Tweet/post why they're wrong, our reason: KICKBALL
Does anybody remember the funny twitpics I used to tweet?
'Mahogany tide' of algae turning harbor murky - Baltimore Sun
p. 5 WashPo Sunday Style has light, interesting article on the Libyan-URL shortening connection--left URL long...
Where are you?
With Michael.(:
can't believe hasn't tweeted at yet
Finished 18th for just above min cash...but hey atleast it's another strong run! Keep it going!
I think you are so pretty! Can you follow me? (: and did you and Austin really date?
wow...did chris mathews ever miss the mark in his interview with michelle rhee
Wow, you're the rebound for a piece of produce.
alright. thanks. its 11pm and I'm just starting to make this formula sheet.
“: Writing about happiness while sipping on chai tea outside of school..I feel sophisticated. #content” <U+E056>
Are you in Vancouver at ? Stop by and visit the IEM booth! We are located in the Exposition Hall at Booth
/// Niggas wait on a new invented dance nowadays....
I wanted to introduce you to an incredible metal guitarist
Because we obviously arent anymore..
Ill work hard and be ready! Just keep pushing me =] I know Ill be happy in the end no matter what the outcome maybe <3
correct greed kills
Greece Needs Believe tour :), Tweeted it for ya :p
why? what they do?
Once u lose your happiness ... U lose everything
ANYONE who has a skill that could be applied to getting in on the ground floor of a music based comic book... send it to us!! WORD
Jordan Hill earned these mins
RUN FOR THE HILLS!!!! RT : Mean Justine is hella back.
that's cause #colorblind politics legitimize not recognizing the beauty of all races and acknowledging racism still exists
- a BIG TY 2 u 4 ur mention of 2010 Celebration of Hope Gala on 10/22. We'll send u final totals after the event ;)
I might be over reacting but I don't care!
what did you have ;)... Thanks for coming by!!!
Birthday girl, hope you're enjoying a few umbrella drinks south of the border!
glad to see you join the ranks of the faithful followers. drink a spotted cow or two for me.
If you ask me where my own home is the only answer I can give is that its not a place but words I live in words and words are where I belong
yes can't complain! Hope everything is going well with you. New film idea looks great!!
Right! Different drama at the Staple Center.
Haha some people think that is true though :)
The 'A' is DEFINITELY necessary. RT : STEM education plus Arts = STEAM
Category 4-a Winner is Brad Hicks
Get his chips
When my woman doesn't answer her phone.
Qdoba get in my belly!!
has Olivia Newton John songs looping through her head. WHY??? Make it stop. Please.
Games to 5. Make them short and highly competitive. Loser gets off, next team on. Also play with the lineups.
I'm learning so much about Reds baseball listening to Bill Cunningham.
hahaha yeah we were all just like, really tho?
no worries, just curious and probably jealous. Best of luck!
This woman on House Hunters walks into a bedroom (fully furnished with a bed and all) and asks what the room is for.
just like everybody else :)
Glad you liked it, Brian! Thought it was pretty powerful stuff
On this day, March 7, of 1861, Abraham Lincoln visited the Soldiers' Home for the first time. What was your first impression of the Cottage?
Getting ready to head over to mocca today..
#TodayImWearing COMBAT BOOTS! ;D
no bullshit that was fun next time I'll bring more drinks hahaha
maybe adding a bacon puree to batter?
If a tweet humanizes a rep. and help him/her win reelection, it should be considered work. Politics=personal=politics.
monday night, you know what that means! #HIMYM with
oh.that makes a whole lot more sense now. hhah
We will make sure you get the business deductions the IRS allows http;//www.taxproblem.org
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 161 W, using Waze - Drive Social
I heard that some unknown kids playing in an unknown area came in contact with an unknown plant and developed an itchy rash
I agree w parenting issue. Kids live separate lives online. So-called good kids flip a switch. This is a cultural shift.
Hard to believe #Brewers did not have a base runner until the 5th inning.
If you are coming to ALFA stop in and say hi for a special gift! Exhibit booth 1332. At our new interactive booth you can test drive the in…
Wow that only took 2 YEARS! RT Bethesda escalator update: An up and down escalator is now operational at the station.
I get it, I hate the wave and other dumb ass up in your face "cowboy" fans. But fans should be allowed to have SOME fun!
Generalization is what it eventually boils down to on a social-political base. The rest is a product-service generator.
Bob Ament who lost a primary in Irondequoit says the school has a heroin problem. He says "don't toy with me on this issue." Hm...222-6000
Right on, man – thanks! And if you're so inclined we can always use help spreading the word.
The gift, of times of external darkness, shows us how brightly our inner light, the sun of our core, can shine! Cling to your core Tweetahs!
Trying to figure out the chords I want to go with my songs. So difficult!
haven't updated in a minute, been nonstop going........it's a good thang ;))
ICC appoints Luis de la Calle as Vice-Chair of the ICC Commission on Trade and Investment: See ICC website.
Congrats and for Vitrue making no.3 on the best places to work in Atlanta list!!!
I am mad at my chicken stock. Thinking about leaving it outside like a bad dog or semi-sentient garden gnome.
Today on we are making over the Durst Quads from Buffalo! So excited to see their new looks! Watch at three!
do you ever speak with actors from the movie?
My malpractice insurance does cover it. I believe most will as long as you are performing duties within ...
I wish there were an Instagram filter that can make you look less like a jerk.
don't message me hey beautiful because if you only do that to certain girls that's wrong because every girl is beautiful . <U+2665>
Modern Giants in the studio this week @ Radix
Went to see at work, and Gabriel randomly appeared :3!
what steps to take to pitch a show without having my idea stolen?
Ill regret it in the morning
just got done eatting bout to go my ass to sleep!
Saw my first Christmas commercial today. Too early? I think so.
Please god I pass the Core 40 tomorrow
HA, same here! I need Ted to teach me how to properly pronounce "Aaron Sanchez". Can't roll my r's, lol.
Because of smartphones, I now spend twice as long in the bathroom. Going to the restroom has never been so awesome!
I don't wanna be anything other than what I've been trying to be lately.
Up at 6:30 am. I should be sleeping. Audition in the morning.
Hi! Thank you! Happy Race night! xxox's :)
Which medium has ad's noticed most? Print 3 of top 5 - Magazine (2), Direct Mail (4), and Outdoor Ad's (5)
I LOVE: cute girls who can skate
i love you big homie
Oops, that was supposed to be Apologies!
By y they mad
Thanks for the follow. One love. Purp.
I refuse to experience the #hungergames zeitgeist without popcorn. Down to the wire.
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend? What was the most exciting thing you did?
sorry gotta root for the florida ladies :)
Airplane toilets still scare the shit out of me. Which is appropriate, I guess.
The Brothers of the Mighty Midwest, and their dynamic leader Bro. have been so hospitable and welcoming! Thanks!
Disneyland is great today! Not crowded at all! :D
God has no phone but I talk to him,he has no Facebook but he's still my friend,he has no twitter but I follow him.
then we can be banned from MLB, too! fine, we'll go start our own league, with blackjack and hookers.
MT : It's “Make A Difference Day” make a min. $2 contribution to for a free sub << Free Food!
This day can't possibly go by any slower :-\
I think I'm a master cheater!! Lmao gonna nail that exam tomorrow ;)
would rather be reading in bed right now, or on a boat floating in the carribbean.
The best comment I read in C# code today: "This code was generated by a tool." Yes it was, Visual Studio, yes it was.
Viva Fiesta!! Battle of the Flowers San Antonio.
Perfect weather to be snuggling with :)
Well finally its Thursday night one more day.
Those give me the weirdest dreams
That's what's up bro! ": I think it obvious dat our winners are KAREN and Luclay!..no need to even wonder?"
u like creativity we definitely like the same thing. I would love to meet anybody mor creative than me. There aren't any.
entrance to the real world
that song comes on the radio alot
OMG. THOMAS LIKED MY FACEBOOK STATUS FOR THE SECOND TIME. OMG.
The #Canary islands were not named for the #bird; they were named after a breed of large #dogs. The Latin name means “Islands of Dogs”
Its not all about physical man!
Rumor has it that Kerouac is about to reorb.it - his approach visible to the naked-eye on May first.
Oh, and my Harmony one worked on Snow Leopard, but not my Harmony 900. Not sure what the difference is between the models.
Thanks, Bill!
Read the book Room by emma donoghue in only a few hours. Good, not as hard to read as I thought.
Group-sing is a little too cultish for me. I much prefer group-think.
sorry! For some reason you don't show up?!? Direct message me
#ReplacePotterQuoteWithBoobs "Not my boobs, you bitch!"
it was me lol
you're hair looks nice
": Don't make me mad then tell me to calm down. That's like stabbing someone then wondering why they're bleeding.
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!! The one Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!! Offer Ends Sunday 11:59pm ea!
so, #Lumension's idea to fix my tech problem & my hour+ long call wait prob? Call in again!
I need pick up my tweeting game
RT : Thrilled to announce that I'll be joining as Head of Outreach & Consulting. Can't wait! Starting July 5.
I think I'm the only queen who goes to a winery and doesn't drink.
Congrats to on #MrBball ! Well deserved. He will no doubt represent #Indiana as well as he has the town of #Fishers #HSEHS & HSES
Makerspaces don't change a librarian's role -- you are an access provider!
Feeling awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091> >>>>> Not feeling awesome <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
She picked Moses - saw that coming after her comments
Dear : thank you so much for Joe in client services. He is beyond extraordinary. My rating of him is A+!
WOW this kid can sleep!
I have another commitment. Thanks though!
Yeah same here, I'm even considering driving w/ other chapter members and staying at my grandma's to make it super cheap.
phew! Happy Easter :)
Please make me better. We will not destroy you.
Has any one seen any face book ads of ours
And that's what happens when takes my cell phone -__- lol
Are the lights on the Market St bridge ever gonna be fixed? Notice it every night when I walk home from work at Drexel.
SEAL / EXPUNGE YOUR CRIMINAL RECORD. CALL US NOW. (727) 474 9988. DON'T WAIT ANY LONGER. START OVER. TAMPA / CLEARWATER
it seems impossible that i've spent this much money in one year, but yet here I am...but i let myself spend money for fun too
The things i would do to him... Yum
Magic never dies.
Thx! RT : #GPsOSL Another ex. of OER is Knowledge: college textbook publisher. Students freely access books online.
For only 2 people we sure have a ton of laundry.
no idea "Hula Hoops" were potato chip/rings. I need some of that please. :)
Happy Mother's Day!!!!
Choices, choices. Upscale cocktail bar mayhaps.
The reports about #CNN buying are not kosher. I like b/c they aren't mainstream. $200 million is a strong incentive.
It wasn't directed towards you a lot of people were making a deal out if it.
Having a great time at THREAD in phx. If you're in phx you should come check it out!
Seriously??? Holy crap, good luck with your stalker issues- what a wierdo!
Apparently NRA members from rural NY encouraged city youth to arm themselves by hyping neon colored weapons.
young moneg, cash money
Ricky and Greg, how are you both? :)
A Fine Balance, Rohinton Mistry, for History of India. actually a pretty solid novel but the end was just downright depressing
Just got goosebumps when the guy came out. Haha making everyone go back to their seats :P
what is with me discovering things far AFTER everyone else... I was late to the myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr and now foursquare lol
No lie. No lie. No lieieie.
Promise I will. Medyo pilyo but super bait minsan moody. I'll tell him sa monday.
haha nah Ive never done it
Carolina Liar just popped up on Pandora. I haven't heard them in years!
hold on, hello beautiful, Australia, WYLMITE, inseparable, & Just friends.
You're Awesome too! RT : Yep and BTW your show with is awesome. Keep it up :)
Following me is a pleasure to me. Love knowing a fine ass lady like u is following me. Let the fun begin.
What the heck is a sapiosexual?
I haven't been invited?
Like ah dollar bill
how was the movie bruh?!
Senior Records Manager Position for a top law firm in the Denver, CO area! Email me at !
Your Tweets: The Walls of Jeri-'Glow'?
Help Me - twitter.com/expert
Go D-Backs!
we are 2ways and people will notice us. Eventually
We are at and excited to hear and Dr. Jafari present!
I can't help I hold myself to a higher standard!! So don't be mad if I don't speak, be grateful I didn't waste no ones time.
Any #newplay s to recommend that speak to #occupy?
I'm going to write a letter. With an actual pen. On actual paper. I feel practically.... steampunk.
Go follow ??i will list you 20x if u do!
Stop hating on her and look at yourself for a change. She's believing in herself and following her dream. What have u done anyway?
Lmfaoo. that was me wasn't it ? ;D
Don't spend your day fighting traffic to UVA. Come to Scottsville! Find us at 125 Fleet Street with truly local produce and master crafts.
As has pointed out, Florida hasn't played a regular season game west of Fayetteville, Ark., since 1983, and UF was WISE to act thusly
haha yes! i thought it was still funny though!!
why you hate ariana and victoria?
is working on a resolution on transparency and openness in the federal government...if passed this will be sent to the White House.
i love you
Images of all the new products coming up on the website soon for those of you who aren't near Milwaukee.
So are you REALLY upset that UK is off the schedule because of a love for the rivalry? Or just because we likely beat them next year?
wide wake is legendary tbh….she's singing my life
Let's go I'm more than ready! Can we hit a beach/ tennis resort?;)
While My Guitar Gently Weeps...
I LOL at the fact that the Las Vegas Hilton still has the interior of Quark's Bar even though Star Trek the experience has been gone years
The one TV show I miss is __________.
Great to see at #PCampSTL today
dude's a great player... he can pretty much do it all. he's a beast at chicken pickin, too.
. 's public sector #servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, "no" is safer, own the market, have limited control
so where are you sitting for game 3? Me and my bestfriend are sitting in section 338 row 23 way up there!!!
oh lol so now that u read it wat do u think about it
Thank you Steven :) xx
where u from ?
RT : Now is the time for #INtransit. Sign the petition at www.cirta.us.
Just thinking of the Anonymous Secret Santa...wonderful people must wear Kangols...hint hint :-)
for sure!
Pretty sure that would have been US Forest Service.
get over yourself Michael your lucky she's let you in her life again you loser
#PlansForTheSummer sleep and eat
no one ever thought we were a couple in Louisiana. We look like lumberjacks
better follow me back lol
Yor AVI looks like Jon Daly ! Lol Go Cards!
thanks for following :) tell your friends about
The haters aren't emotional at all cuz they'll get @ any1 just 2 assassinate their characters cuz its part of their promotional plan.
The man in that photo is Anatol Josepho, who is credited with inventing the photo booth and patented it in 1925.
ed's are very sad to me in general, that's why I made this account so people could live the healthy way ya know?
Thanks, I will check it out on my nook.
... fried chicken? lmao
Is any one even awake right now?
Did you know of Queens historian Vincent Seyfriend's death? He's worthy of a good write-up somewhere.
RT Goin' Crazy - Natalie. I Wanna Dedicate This Song To [ ]<3.
What's worse the pain of hard work or the pain of regret?
What is wrong w people?
G'morning tweet peeps today is a day of chance. U know, if I do this will I chance that. Not going to think about it, just relaxing in bed.
i agree...totally. He hasn't been the answer. At all
i see ya bruh
Proud of my friend and fellow board member, Karen Anne, gave up her car in November and has had fun biking, bussing, or hitching a ride.
Boozer trash
Keane are really good, why don't I listen to them more?
Good morning [;
One if the best times is when you can just chill. You don't have things to worry about
aww cheekees :( I forgot to set my alarm this morning but I will keep you lots of company in op. mgmt!
Why they gotta be Amish yo? RT I just drove through a huge pile a horse shit. Goddamnit, Amish people are annoying.
im trying to find out from people but no one has tweeted me back about it
Run Hibbert at Bosh all series long. BUT, David West has to make a better help effort
Cool! Any Android app yet?
please follow the lead to raising #autismawareness all around the world
I see you! Yay!! Congrats!!!
ha yeah they're worth a ton too.
Thanks for the RT!
Went to sleep fine, woke up w/ a headache, str8 BS
Would anyone be talking about Americas Got Talent today if it weren't for Howard ?
If happy ever after did exist, I would be holding you like this
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Dedicated It To And Here I Am Year Later And It's Still Dedicated To My Love.
You can't make this stuff up!
"(Ron Paul) alone has the moderate and independent appeal to win."
How do I know someone is a charismatic speaker? When they start speaking, I stop what I am doing, take off my glasses, look up and...
Pure Romance is the hot new trend right now. Be part of something fun & exciting. You provide the guests/house, I provide the entertainment!
Free my big brother
I hate how after an argument I think of more clever things I should have said.
Tweeting from white eagle using Kirsten's new iPad. Will play Gilby's Angry Birds Space next.
Shout out to just got his #clippers ticket for tonight's game. when and where do you all take the group picture
Just when you feel cramped or choked in the office, you can say "I was neither living nor dead." #ENGL 3830
All 3 Kansas teams going to the Sweet 16. Count on it.
Oh and BTW really wish I was at tonight in Madison! Please come back to Wisconsin for !
Such a beautiful day in the neighborhood... hope tommorow is like this..cant believe it snowed earlier this week
Girl go to bed
Wow, wasn't Florida considered the leader by a lot of folks at one point?
That's it ...done 4 2day ....good night everyone ....
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller and smaller after every mistake. . .
Welcome to the studio!
-+~~-- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
i want to put on pretty dresses
good luck tonite
I wanna go to Disney World even though I have been 2 times <3
. as do we, but w/ a character limit somehow "blahblahblah" ends up being super-descriptive
come this weekend so we can celebrate Joannies bday. I'm thinking about surprising her :p
I'm pretty good! How are you?(:
bruhhhhhhh omg i forgot to tell you something when we were texting
I'm going to do it! I need a change in my life, so I'm going to do it! I'll let y'all know what "it" is before my b day June 10th. :)
RT : Anything the mind of a man can conceive and believe, it can achieve ~ Napoleon Hill
& she keeps on talking about this AWESOME & FREE concert @ Festival Park 2day. b sure u & ur crew are there 2 down some brew & enjoy tunes!
Can't decide who I like more- McSteamy or Owen Hunt. Love Dr Hunt's dimples but not really into redheads.
I am learning lots of things from Robert Reich..like, why I can't find a job. Yippee.
follow me back
Cher you are my idol ! It would be a dream come true if i could meet you one day!! xx
Ever since wrecked that scooter he's been driving like that
answer at 3
Time well spent!
What do you use Twitter for? Have you managed to achieve your goals?
On the train to nyc for ny chapter of grammys!! Acoustic set ahoy!
o ok I got it Thanxs 4 the Tip and sorry!!?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I have a bigger following than most of the artist in my city, I been going fed for years!
Got to love the DVR!
Oh yeah so excited
Because you repeat watching it!
Keep it classy, San Diego. :)
thankfully no. Not sure we can compete w/$2 waffle makers. We're big fans of your writing on Wired, by the way!
well deserved, indeed!!
I hope so too.
lol - actually he'll lose 'em all - MA/NH/CA/MI RT : But Romney has so many home states. He's bound to win one of them.
I love ya to just ur dad
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating ;P
I LOVED #HIMYM tonight! I was speechless. Speaking of which, how excited are you for the #Muppet movie?!
": I'm gonna lead a march down Cascade tomorrow. #MLK!" really? what time?
When I ride in the backseat of a car I get car sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
was just ahem-ed by her daughter for giving a silly answer when a serious one was called for.
#NP The Weekend Love Through Her
imagine all the bosses you've ever had as babies but with their adult heads hanging out at a daycare center and being friends/muppet babies
I need food but don't wanna get up
It's like someone unlocked the doors at a psych ward and gave everyone a car... #Driving in LA
I love your app, but you're missing some key neighborhoods. How about Nob/Russian Hill, Pac Heights, North Beach?
nikki, i love you sister! lol
Just added to the #wfx 2012 expo floor Global Truss America
I'm not a thug, my pants don't sag, I don't call women bitches and hoes, and I work hard. My father taught me well.
RT : “Learn a lot from other people’s mistakes. It’s a much more pleasant way to live.” ~ Charlie Munger
That one pic of her makes her look like a tranny
I really wish my house had a moat.....I would smile every time I crossed it.
Glad to blessed thanking God for another day'
Aww, its almost 's birthday <3
I had to close my eyes every time she strolled down the halls. I like short skirts, but some people need to look in mirrors
what i've really missed most about not having my twitter for 4 months is definitely i feel so outta touch with my fav girl <3
I know I should be feeling a sense of loss at a divorce proceeding, but all I feel is a huge sense of relief.
You're right. But, I can still be tired and be that
Thanks for the follow.
hey whats up
Listening now - it's beautiful!
The USA has the best public libraries in the world. Now a U.S. digital public library coming, in 2013.
Love your character on #SOA - and love to get a follow too --"gotcha" is the word I hear... :) All the best to you!
It should be! I've seen it on ebay at times, pretty cheap too. I just hope it's not a bootleg...
Today we have a strawberry margarita cupcake come over & try 17 east flagler street, miami, fl. 33131
Social interaction + personal passion & relevance motivates crowdsourced, quality news
#WHATAFEELING whenever the guy you have a huge crush on likes someone else.
Thanks for the RT! I love that poem. My mom always has a few gems like that just waiting to roll out.
Interested in #BJJ and/or #Yoga?! We have a few days this month to keep in mind! BJJ info is on our facebook, and Yoga info is coming soon!
Rugga by the thigh for you
Are you looking for a Christmas gift both fun and meaningful, an easy way to create lasting memories for home or church? www.holystable.com
TONIGHT - Thursday Night Trend with DJ's A.I. & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!!!
Charlotte is starting to cool down / looking forward to the fall!
keep watch at www.learningwcf.com...schedule hasn't allowed so far...it will be a different book likely
Thanks, Allison! Loved having you here.
trying to get out of the city....
I feel like I should be in a paper towel commercial considering all the messes I clean up on a daily basis
Thanks for the RT - when you coming out for some #WAWine tasting?
sunny day late start I just finished a 2.38 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
just took my temp, and iam running a fever terrific
I'm developing a love for plain vanilla ice cream. It's the simple things, I suppose.
couldn't have said it better
Your BWAB is driving traffic (15 people!) to my undead blog. Thanks, plp.
Thanks for the shout out on the reading list, Will!
Getting ready for the big next thrill...stay tuned.
Marlins 1st round pick from last year Jose Fernandez's line tonight (Single A) 6 IP, 0 H, 0 R, 2 BB, 8 K
so ur jus not gonna appreciate the AFC championship games?
Joy feels icky. Joy takes shower... but Joy's bed is so comfy.
every time i look in the mirror, i feel disgusted with myself. so thank you to those 3 assholes who bullied me for 5 years and ruined me.
RT : Who was ur favorate tonight and what did u think of the judges? How did J Lo do?. Get the trend going.
And you succeeded.
how so Team?
POTUS has to do something about this heat
We kind of really want some more INTERESTING followers. RT for us and ask your friends to show us some love? <3
I'm trying to get used to it as well. I find it a little tougher to look at now, despite a less crowded design.
happy monday! been super buisy cant even think straight right now lol!
#nightofthehunter on wow!!!! This is so disturbing !!!!
Where is this cricket on the ESPN audio?
awesome show so inspiring! I can't wait to see everything work out for you guys! I don't touch soda either& fear trans fats!
Just cause something is trendy doesn't mean you should do it!
austin and alley (: x
I'll lift you up, I'll never stop. You know I'll take you to another world.
's mission is to sustain/enrich life in the SA River Watershed, we have no jurisdiction over BexarMet
Hey all. When the tweet is signed "B Side," it's not me, it's my team who posted it. I apologize on their behalf. NO malice intended. -BF
Very pretty makeovers!!! All the ladies look great!
Just got in another meaningless fight with my ex-girlfriend. Times like this help me understand why some men are sexist.
jameson irish whiskers
YOU MUST BE GETTING OLD lol! -> RT : I'm really exhausted from playing so much today and now my back hurts -_-
Nothing like the smell of beer reductions in the morning. :-)
SO how is everyone I MISSED YOU GUYS!!!! <3
Three little words that can change the world... I love you.
nothing you stopped texting me
“Thanksgiving is the holiday of peace, the celebration of work and the simple life...
Like Justin says "and all the haterz, i swear they look small from up here" . So Haterz, Kiss Our Belieber Ass ;*
Can an Airbus A380 be sold out between Paris and DC in June? Or do they just severely limit the seats you can choose? Why?
Early bird
It is not good to have everything one wants
Elektrolytes performance didn't catch my attention till them shirts came off, tbh.
hi dan:) x
sharing how Twitter is bringing people together
I miss yo ghetty booty more!
I'm higher den a bidge! sitting on yo roof!
Boxing-Singapore flexes muscles at Vegas
I can spot saggy titty a mile away
I'm on the bus. Lol
Your creepy lol but love u though
keep Cassel as my #2QB or try to get Cam as my #2?
Thank-YOU!! Love Women Power!!!
All I want for Christmas is....a permission number. For that one Spring class that's been avoiding me. College has effed up my priorities.
I guess I'll keep talking to myself.
I know, right?
Yes, exactly! Nice to "meet" you, too.
Took the weekend off from the internet (except for a brief mobile twitter battle w/ in line at the #MET). Good morning!
Back from #ArlingtonHouse Was an intimate tour. How do the Lees of VA not have an HBO show? Wish the furniture was still in the house :-(
what up Big G.
I've really loved seeing your continued success on Heroes. Best wishes and continued success to you and your family!
yes Greyson! You tell her!
your dream coming true?!?
Been in prayer most of the day and feel amazing and at peace! Will you join me for National Day of Prayer?
Metta world peace need to elbow westbrook or Kevin durrant
Anytime you're ready to write that parenting book I'm your first customer.
thx for the link. Hadn't seen this clip before. She even speaks German w a slight Bavarian inflection. I was thinking about
Depends where they were.
As marketers we must constantly strive to exceed our customer expectations. Create the "WOW" moment.
do you own a bird or?????
ate once today. someone bring me food please
My wife and I have a "give and take" relationship...I give, she takes
= ) you're sweet
me and my 40 friends are voting for you and the boys :) you are going to win! follow me? <3
Good morning (:
RCI Inc. Creating a Stronger Community One Individual at a Time..add us on Twitter
Rep. Cherilyn Peniston says "I wasn't planning to speak" but then does on
kill it tonight ;)
At the LIGALY Equality Awards on lawn guyland with
The Ron Paul one. But of course, all good, now.
"I promise to make sure they never work here again" says NYC schools chancellor Dennis Walcott of 8 perverts pulled from city schools
S/O to for being an apple that fell off a tree! Not to mention being a stranger ! Miss you & hope you've being doing good !
Im going losers i need outta the house anyways ive had a bad week
Allen-Bradley clock tower temperature sign is flashing "GB". Very cool!
got a 100% on my English presentation today :)
At times peer pressure or family pressure cause a person to get an abortion also social pressure its not white or black or cut & dry
Yves Bergquist, Chief Strategy Officer, will be making presenting at the Digital Hollywood conference on Oct 17, 2011. VZILLION
nope, sorry, but I think you would. Stop by room 233 tomorrow and ask.
"Free will is love..."
no NUTS, no GLORY
happy birthday, Kurt Cobain, you sweet and gifted man. you have always been an inspiration, and will always remain an inspiration. (:
And with their limited number of scholarships, #Badgers could probably bring in about 3 to 5 more prospects. Depends on attrition.
He is not funny, end of conversation.
Just drove through Downtown #Oakland and yes it's true, the police have build a fence around the park where #OccupyOakland camped.
come home ma dude
Just got to Vegas. Can't wait to go rage.
Maybe it's time for a revolt! The Weekend Warriors Uprising!
*cocks my head to the side and smiles* You're funny.
I need some chocolate
Anybody have information about the Downtown Jacksonville honey bee swarm? WJXT just called me, might be on their morning show tomm.
Dodgers finally have new owners
RT When they ask what pushed me over the edge, know it was Adobe Reader updating more than once a day.
Inside, sitting on the couch.
RT : that means you are having an awesome party. Spammers only come to the best ones I guess...he he
She's a big TVD fan and she also bows a lot of the cast since she's been to the set in Atlanta multiple times.
"It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." Wow! I totally disagree with this
Yes, you *do* sound sexy, Dan. And who are you kidding... oven mitts aren't gonna stop you.
"Get a bagel. They make life better." -- Sage words of the day from
Some people are full of themselves, all the while judging others.
Thanks for stopping in! RT Just visited our new neighbors Adorable shop & beautiful products. Check it out.
Would be happy to help you with your decision. What features are you looking for? #Schoology vs.
lmao so do u so I wouldnt be talking
Mack: We support Quebec and CA's efforts on #captrade. We won't implement on same timeline, largely bc BC already has a price on
Doing what your hearts not in is purposeless and wasteful. Do that which God intends to bless in you, and not what pleases man!
congrats. Hard work pays off.
That baby dinosaur noise you make when you stretch.
Edward Is so white he blends in with paper wtf? Uh... And Jacob with his long hair?!? And their voices in Spanish
This brings back so many sweet concert memories.
Getting ready to street race... AYE! <3 Josh Vs. Christian. I shall win! Ahah
Jasmine Wahi Contemporary has a new office space in SOHO!!
Going to a Berklee show at 7 ohh yeah ! :)
Why do people feel the need to wear capes to school.
I cant do this anymore. It's time let you go.
Seeing the hunger games finally! To frigging excited this! :)
Thank you, Chris.
George Mason University has come so far so fast in 40 years (Nobel Prizes, athletic championships) thanks to George Johnson and Alan Merten.
Feel bad for Greg Oden, was a beast at OSU.
If you want nuke plants, don't privatize them. Profits will always beat safety concerns. Or be smart and say no nuclear power for now.
Continued success!!!
rain rain go away, selling homes anyway
Anytime next week! I have a slow rest of the month, finally. Looking forward to relaxing and prepping for the new year.
Sauce on side!
I strongly dislike a lot of people and things but i really truly hate my alarm clock
loves it
Will 2011 be the break-out year for eBooks? Happy New Year. Be safe and have fun!
Holy shit. This is boring. Listening to a comedy radio station which is anoyying. Omg my ears r gunna fall off
Alright well..Good Night to all of my AMAZING followers<3 let's hope tomorrow will be just as great if not better than today!(:
if you could eat one thing for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Going to see #Avengers with my dad :)
Wow that was pretty intense!!! There was just a fire right next door!!!!
I say #Pinterest. No one cares about Google+.
Success consists of doing the common things of life uncommonly well.
stop being a twittering whore!! Love ya though!
I mean niggas say Dave come on man its ur first car ur forcing it but I say nigga YOLO!!!
is the winner of Nov 9th's Question of The Day recieves 2 entries into the end of the month free bat drawing!
I know they're rare, which is why I'm suggesting a hangover. He's just not tracking the two-seamer, for some reason...
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you see someone you really dislike sit at a table near to you at a restaurant.
You already know
I want sum all black air for ones
Damn!! Formerly a man? Wow! She looks great! I'm speechless....
glitter clutch in multi I die for it goes with everything got to grab one in Vegas, in love!
Lolla will always be a zeitgeist, a snapshot as to who is hot and relevant at that moment in time. Nothing wrong with that. Just saying..
Kameron Lowe trending in the US for all the wrong reasons.
Portland rock and roll 1/2 marathon in t-minus 12 days! I hope they'll serve hot dogs at the end...
dont have your number so rather than wake up Marc I thought this was easier...are u and Al going inside or out on 3rd floor,"?
RT: The Feds decided another thing I tried 2 do is illegal. Oh well, Tonette is making a great meatloaf 4 dinner.
Harry potter still sucks
I like to pretend my arm is a violin, and the razor is my bow :)
Since it looks like NYC will be shut down due to Hurricane Irene, what indoor projects are you taking on this weekend?
Andy Grammer! :) RT Tweet us and tell us your favorite show of 2012 so far for your chance to win 2 tix to any show
- We should def hang out next weekend
stop tugging on dudes and get to work
I sure understand it.
UofL has nothing to hang your head about. This is just UK's year.
It looks fun! I saw it at CicLAvia too.
i pretty sure all my sisters hate me #depressing :(
Good game hawks..... Just gotta win 2 more
We are open for Memorial Day, in honor of our service men and women all military personel will receive a complinetary app with their dinner!
Congrats on the booking, WeWi! Nothing like a little #ActorMuscle session to "take the room" + kick ass 2nite at Flappers!
yea go pat!!
ya just the
new song is addicting i cant stop listening to it!
have hard questions for united airlines oh wait it's not ual but continental! u take ual name and brand & cut promised benefits. bad boy!
good morning moon
I miss you too!!! So much! Come back !!!
RT are officially amazing!
Breakfast for dinner
Was a pleasure pouring wine for Mr. Pat Sajak today. Every bit as funny in real life as he is on the Wheel.
oh man! There already going to start taking it down! :(
Got a family that wants me and loves me. Too too right.
Shout out to all the ppl just now puttn they boxes out from Xmas thinkn they waited long enuf that nobody won't steal they shit
You can be overwhelmed, and you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever be simply whelmed?
no..wendys has chicken mcnuggets too!
It's one of those days I wish I never would have gotten out of bed!
hi!!!!! i just sent you a text as well. multi-media communications haha
Unveiling next month: An ephemeral (24 hour), floating, luminous public project...
For once in my life I'm happy and everything is truly going good <U+2764>
Thank you for the RT! Hope to meet you sometime — seems we have mutual friends and passions. :)
The internet seems broken this morning.
Under Investigation...
Taking a break time for some T-bone steaks & then chatting with u listeners on the West coast
Now that Jesus has risen, we can all go back to being the true assholes that we all really are.
God can change the situation your in and reverse the hurt.
wish I could attend this powerful panel. Looking forward to a debrief Alex.
Apologize For The Late Response H2012NY2YANDYOUR, BY THE WAY GOING ON TOUR ON February 10, 2012 WILL KEEP U POSTED-YoBoy-H
what happened to the American pride...Made In America pride...
Grilled mesquite pork sirloin + corn on the cob + mac&cheese = one happy tummy. Horray for good food!!!
you was hacked. Change your password.
nothing really, just got on the computer and chilled.
The strongest principle of growth lies in the human choice. George Eliot
Upstream Public Health and NW Health Foundation join Save Portland PE Coalition!
u got this..proud of you!
GONNA WATCH CUPCAKE WARS 2 NIGHT!! <3 VIP PASTRY SHOES PARTY:) with #swag!!
When will the White Sox stop the speciesists and allow an Iguana Day?
packing...cleaning...
What ever shall I do to celebrate my 170th follower?
It doesn't make sense. Shouldn't they want to elongate their bodies to seem more slender & tall?
On what should you mount a statue of your cat? A caterpillar.
Snuggling in bed with my favorite homo and stupid hoe
oh the forck i love all the stories n imagines of Big Time Rush it make me happy n when my #RusherFamily tt just like
but you was going along with it...aw lmao
Love the thought but wonder if we're designing for Homer
but I can hook you up with some very similar if you did... the beads may be different though ... but same color.
In 2010, the last call we took on New Year's Eve EST was at 11:47pm on how to edit footnotes! What will it be this year?
if any of their employees stop in, we will mention to them. Come by the shop if you are visiting their office
You did good. Great find! Which beach are you at?
I feel like I've been hit by a truck
We are all the naked man today.
I still rock out to Turn It Up! This will always be a jam!
What a game!!! “: Buzzer. Beater. #uwm #gopanthers”
Snowing in NY
Is you scared of whitey ford dawg? Just say you scared of whitey ford, that's it
Aurelien Collin is not leaving KC for good, he is living it up in Europe and New York. He'll be back.
"Japan has really fragile buildings" -Godzilla
it is on the front page of espn3 to be watched. Time Warner, bright house, and Verizon food are listed for this game.
Super homesick today!! Had my tears run but hopefully visiting home in 2 weeks <3
RT Searching for the truth is easy. accepting the truth is hard.
if u like the my music. we can talk in great details. Thanks
#YeahRight you going to get a job and move out
#HungerGames last night said: Don't just win, change system. Later at U. Square, I told #OWS video feed to switch to defending
Nice! Glad you had fun. I was in an out went to the Yankees game
Something as meaningless can make you think
by northwest suburbs
Gus my bus to work is taking a detour or maybe I got on the wrong bus. Maybe I'm being punked...When is the last time that show was relevant
I know I have a lia sophia show that night :/
Looking for suggestions on cloning a wordpress site very quickly and easel to other servery. Plugin or software or anything else.
lmfao I'm never mean too my bby & iknw
Philly sucks. Rogers won at Philly in playoffs last year
RT T2 -Facebook has same dilemma as Google Health: no back-end integration = #fail AND no credibility for security/privacy
to be fair I'm not gonna play these for months either probly
Hey! Follow back? :) only if you want <U+E328>
hey thanks for the comments last night!
I'm tired... therefore I shall sleep now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
yayy I got it correct
You're a bright guy, figuring out Twitter for you will be a breeze.
#NewRulesofCivility 21. Be honorable. Make only commitments you intend to keep.
RARS is our alert for Thursday big play in effect this one could b Mays biggest play
*WAVES* Thanks for spotting us!! How are you?
How to be insanely clutch and choke on the same play by Rajon Rondo.
For once I'm being chauffeured somewhere. Feels kinda good
Tatarewicz: "Newton's balls-there's an app for that." Awesome!
the "I have monday off" crowd is really souring my "it's friday, try to stop me" mood.
Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots.
All of the starters have been just about as solid as me.
Thinking of dying my hair my natrual color or keep the same color , or ombre ? Ahh hmm hm ...
Congrats to the 32 guys drafted tonight. Another 221 to go - plus about 400 undrafted players to get signed in next 48 hours.
Gamiifaction is a nice technique to trick your brain into thinking differently.
Dairy Queen is so chill overall
Most Excellent flow chart!
Lots of fun traffic today...photo booth arriving soon and all the last minute touches for tonight's opening!
Thoughtfully Built: Homes on Esprit Park include 2 planned City Car Share spots for residents who choose not to own a car.
We're looking to book a lot more shows! If you can help us out then hit us up! =)
Jonathan Quick is my favorite American goalie, too. Hell, he's my favorite goalie period.
Bears vs vikings tomorrow great rivalry.....have to root for bears .... Mcnabb sucks
in reality yes but if you watch me its like wow
Did you apply for a #job this weekend??
Just 2 more weeks living through hell and then #summer2012 <3
haha, I just had an idea for a Halloween costume. Willow Smith lol.
So far so good, it just started! xo
haha. Id be so mad if my sisters did tht!
Thanks for following !!!!
Miss my boo
Only those who risk going too far, find out how far they can go...
do you not follow me?
Thanks for the RT
Bout time anchorman 2 came out, powerstache ftw.
Sleeping in (do I have to get up...sigh)
tinychat PLEASE IM SO BORED ITS NOT EVEN FUNNY
Good Morning! Don't forget, come in today for BOGO 1/2 off all edibles!
XCLUSIVE RECORDS LOOKING FOR SINGERS & RAPPERS! FOLLOW FOR MORE DETAILS
I'm very disappointed in Lyle for not fixing the show. I was hoping he would've fixed everything!
Pulitzer Prize winner Holland Cotter to be this year's MICA Commencement speaker!
Couldn't tell if the new #CenturyLink ad was for a tech company or a #Slinky. Had me confused!
It would be interesting if Uber branded a style of cabs like the iconic London taxi's made by Manganese Bronze Holdings
If you imagine walking 6 blocks SW from Jesse's house, you'd be on my doorstep.
The GUSA senate endorsed the raising the evidentiary standard in the Student Code of Conduct to "clear and convincing" at its meeting Sunday
nice shades!
After two fun days of talking to board members and advocating for the archives, I am unbelievably excited to work alone in my office today.
you ready for your first #ZUMBA experience tomorrow?! so excited to see your first impression ;)
don't know if its too late, but Fiery Furnaces - Police Sweater Blood Vow
funny I bumped into her during #avn and she looked petrified to talk to me
wv prom today...i hope everyone has fun <3
RT : 10 start ups pitching at
hey how are u? How are u been?
Busy day today! We're switching into high gear for that special time of year--Better Speech and Hearing Month!
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity
Glad to read you are back to indie and PSPdfkit! We are looking forward to updates! Alles Gute!
Broke the 3 on my 3rd place trophy and now the 3 looks like a C.
Please! follow my best friend I followed you back! please follow!
Happy Monday! 's Admissions Office can use ur help. Vote for our pirate themed duck @ www.kcparent.com please help us win!
#HappyBirthday To My Dude We missing you mane they ain't a day that goes by that you are forgotten never that (R.I.P) <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
thanks already had dinner ready, yours just looked better!!
I did, why?
love that one
U.S. Navy SEALS just took out Osama Bin Laden, orchestrator of the 9/11 attacks. It’s an interesting historical moment. Thoughts?
Did some much needed MySQL tuning and cleanup on my local dev server. So much faster.
My goal is to get more followers than , hey you... follow me
We ready! Let's do this! RT : TONIGHT: Part 2 of the Miami weekend at The Stage Miami. Locos Por Juana opens at 10pm!!
Don't hold a candle to being on guard everyday thinking our villages are going to be attacked and our families slaughtered in an instant.
SNOW FRZRAIN THEN RAIN JOY JOY JOY OFF TO THE GYM
wide awake
you forgot about lol
Two more goals and the #Pens will have more goals than the #Pirates had hits today.
Almost ready for Coverings but I still need to wrap up a few things B4 leaving for Orlando. #OdysseyCollection, CHECK! Grass skirt uh..
I love meeting new people on the plane. I have a new friend from Ghana that lives in Korea Town now:-)
Messaging advisory to Ron Paul supporters: Fed audits are hereafter to be referred to as "Mammongrams."
Whelp- been there, done that and bought the t-shirt.
Goodbye, Dick Clark. You at American Bandstand Grill telling me my Electric Lemonade looked "heinous" is one of my favorite things ever.
Officially visiting Harvard in june
We dig meat sweats means you have indulged a bit!
What's the #Yankees payroll again?
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: LaShawn Harrison °Rising 9th °Southampton, Pa °Travel Team: Southampton °Shooting Guard 5’11
Actor's Intensive Workshops Begin in October! 5 Week Technique Class: LA Oct. 12 – Nov. 9 Audition/Cold Reading Workshop: SF Oct. 16 & 17
Awesome! Can you suggest we be friends so I can watch?
“Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we’re here, we might as well dance
yes we do. Are you wanting to write something up?
Really rooting for meryl streep here
wicked delayed....but yes very true lol
Following live twitter updates from the #Gardner hearing. Very emotional
itchy-new-tattoo-phase
Thank you! Starting her early, she did use the lip brush to apply;)
RT whats up, relaunching holla at me trying to get you in there
it was great meeting you Friday. Good luck with training. Next time I see a set list, I'll peel it off of the stage for you.
Last weekend I hooked up with a really cute guy and he keeps calling. Shoud I answer????
when I saw u on abdc I screamed and. Had to rewind it LOL:D
I've got some old bapestas if you still need prom shoes
Yes, as a matter of fact it is.
Doing regular exercise or learn to manage #stress would be enough to reduce 1 million cases of #Alzheimer's in five years. / Dr Gary Small
sociology. Last required courdr
I hate fucking copiers.... On the bright side wiff munchkin Anna!!:)
#MSC2011 lines are too long snacks and soda
On the way to the airport, ready to be back in PDX. I will try to bring some weather with me.
I really need to stop tweeting with so many exclamation points.
Finishing up Fall Orientation. These students have officially begun writing the first chapter of their Oakbridge Storybooks..
Ended up Gettin 6th with that last entry in the monster 1k for 81. Biggest MTT score to date but you know how it is coming so close
"Life can't be all bad when for 10 dollars you can buy all the Beethoven sonatas and listen to them for 10 years." ~William F. Buckley, Jr.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty. -Lao Tzu
I hope you have the time of your life.
People can be so immature
when you and were in the shower ;)
When one door closes, another door opens
What is Chris Rock thinking with What to Expect When you are Expecting Movie?
Just saw a brilliant Romanian movie (available on Netflix streaming): If I Want to Whistle, I Whistle. Check it out!
As of 8 am today no new arrests and no injuries at protests: Elise Schaffer, Dane County Sheriff's Office, at command center.
Another weird thing about St. Louis - I have no idea how this hotel/mall that #Nicar12 is in, functions. Restaurants and shops seem desolate
Thanks for following Credible Consulting & ! Can't wait to hear what delicious things you tweet at me!
we are usually stocked at Artale wines and spirits and the woodmans
Never before precedent murder, opens up the door for mass murder w/ no protection under the Geneva Convention; you violate it, you lose it!
Players that have their heads down or towels over their heads deserve too loose....you where beaten before the tip off
Oh!! started following me. Haven't had the pleasure yet, but looking forward to the 1st experience!
Agh cant wait till summer!
THE RAID: PIG IN THE CITY
Encore's Follow Fridays!
is making a web site
Just walked into the arena for tonights Bucks/Jazz game. Brandon Jennings is right in front of me, they're laying down the floor, let's go!
“: The dance world is taking over.”
Heading to Chicago in the morning. Looking forward to #thatcampaha and
"Windex the paw prints off the window"? Say what?
shout out
": *In school* Teacher: "Must be 5-10 sentences." Me: "Yeah, I'm only writing five then.."
Nice piece on Patti Smith on the morning show altho i question the word 'controversial' to describe Mapplethorpe. Why?
lmao how do yiu know I cant cook?! :( I can use google! & thats close enough. So wyd ?!
it's ok graduation day I'll find out ;)
I mean it was nearly impossible to wrap up such a great series. That being said, I was ok with it.
Weather is looking great for the next few days!! Come on out!!
Someone has road rage! # crazydrivers
A major energy zapper is an inability to recognize personal limits. Learn to Say NO.
aw next time, yeah?
romney wins, country continues to slide, radical lefty wins 2016. Texas leads secession in 2018. Not sayin, just sayin..
Kissing don't last: cookery do. George Meredith
Ahahahahhahahahahahahanahhahaha YEAH. BUDDY
thank u! I'm feeling much better :)
Not on site so can't verify if is in the house - but thought that was a good guess! Hope you get tickets!
Ha, I'm not sure, mais he's an infinitely more stylish dresser;
When has he NOT looked the doofus? As someone who works hard on his doofus look, I'm offended by your 'tude ;)
HELLO ALL GOOD FLOWER
Q: When does a cub become a boy scout? A: When he eats his first Brownie.
Both of us- B.o.B ft Taylor Swift... On repeat
": Much love to follow now"
If they don't chase you when you walk away, keep walking.
I think it would be more fun if we went for Dominican food. Especially if the Indians win the Central.
done took too many loses not to win
You & monkey .... Monkey lolol
what's it doing to you?
of course lol and good! Im.beginning to understand things!
. students - sufficiently etiquetted! Great chat w minimal inappropriateness on my part, I call that a win.
I have been only watching for the last half n hr, come on caps
It's hot...oh wait...that's just me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
hey doll!!! follow back
wonderful to have you be there tonight, thank you!
With .2% of polls coming in, the liberal news media already declaring Gingrich South Carolina primary winner.
i wanna go what yall goin there for
Lets Speak With Reference To Liquiboost Total Body Cleanse...
Try using a neti-pot -- " I'm quite certain that whitening your teeth is the sloppiest activity on the planet."
I hear #Khloe and Lamar were spotted leaving my doctors office this morning. Wonder if I will run into them in the lobby sometime!
one red bull, two coffees, im still working on the movie
My peace and signs of hope comes in nature
I just deleted them, no biggie. LOL I'm good.
Yeah buddy xD
awee! do it to me!
The comments are just goin on and on in my RWClist on yahoo. Most talked about book in the time I've been a member. + & -
Come on Duke- now would be a great time to step it up
Day 2 of the Making Ohio Schools Work conference.
Hanging out with Scott & Jenny of Two Bar.
GM Working....
let me know a couple weeks ahead of time, I got you
JD with another great one: "We call him 'amazing', but opposing pitchers will call him 'annoying' (among other things)."
I will check your blog for sure... Thanks.
Just mowed my lawn...all tired and ready for bed now
Lord show me the way, and if you can't show me the way forgive me for being lost.
you're welcome :)
Excited to work with you.
So tired and so sore.
Our agency is enjoying the Disney Earmarked Conference today! Tonight we are headed to Universal for a VIP tour and dinner!
For more information or to place an order just contact me
prove it..
Thanks for the RTs
Welcome #Obama2012’s newest Twitter family member, campaign manager Jim
Flying spider?! What?!
thanks for the mention
. What else happened on Django besides some cast shuffling?
Seek deep philosophical meaning in all you do, but don't be dorky about it.
At wrk doing things that should of been done! Ugh lazy people make me sick!
u only sent one right? If so i def got it.
let's start this weekend full of events
Tire talk...Monday's 10:30 Public Service meeting will discuss the rise of tire dumping and methods to combat this nuisance.
2015 can't come soon enough
You have met her right? Her food is really incredible. I am back in town, how have you been?
We booking up fast. Get here now!
Instead on one album every couple of years and a few singles, its three albums a year. When did this arms race thing get underway?
You know, a day that starts with me sprinting down a busy city street in my pajamas really has nowhere to go but up.
needs a new outlet....
ouch did that jus happen
What did you do to my Tigers last night?! I guess the shoulder is fine.
A pain only mac n cheese can help
This sick, strange darkness comes creeping on so haunting every time.
Thanks for posting my tweet, I appreciate!
Police bear some responsibility for this accident since they started the chase. Girls would've been caught eventually anyway.
isn't it a proven fact that in general, the more sleek the router, the higher speeds it can achieve? ;~)
i bite my thumb at thou traffic!
Ive given up on Weeks man. I cant watch him anymore without thinking strikeout first.
coamerica park Detroit
Happy 100th birthday, Tiger Stadium. Miss you, old girl.
Enter the Super Shopper Stamp Card drawing on Sunday and you could win $500 in prizes!
are you a fan of oysters?
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
I have the most amazing friends a person could ask for :)
I've had "We Are Young" stuck in my head for two weeks now. Only the chorus, because you get to shout it.
Lolololol , This Bitch Put "The Conversation With Me & #Oomf >" On Facebook . . Um , Really Bitch . Really ?
Back on the virtual felt playing the VIP $5k Freeroll...$2k starting stack...$1k for first...here we gogogogo!
#sex is the most fun you can have without #smiling...so #grin when you bare it - #itstheonlyway!
Go ahe*d bitch u just making me more poupler!!
one or two more, The shows again are AMAZING, and ,yes, Your BEST EVER- ( best ever tour really) . Thank you again and good
Always smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 9
Don't lie? He exonerated himself by lying & sticking to an obviously false story. How can you tell him not to lie when it worked?
RUSH Now Follow and get followed same time
you know those times when you sit back & youre just in love with the moment & everything about it...? ya, I'm there right now.
yep. Almost took a job with them, then went dot-com startup instead
Blah blap jus wanted to tweet
We'll be closed for the holiday weekend Thurs, 11/24 -- Sat, 11/26. Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Happy Birthday partner!
. Does this make sense?
I'm so shitty at bowling.
good call. But that's what Macy's is for...
you too!
Thank you <333 RT : happy mothers day , enjoy your day . God Bless
2 on after a throwing error.
Even the stars refuse to shine!
#OHSFoodTruck I've formed a food truck coalition so I can try it all. Just split a Comfest Goddess from !
I'm nott sure...I love Cam, but #7 #34 #88 were retired for guys that gave 4 years of service to AU - and got degrees
woah!! Aren't you supposed to be in town? Like last weekend?
Squirrel outside my window sees me eating food. Wants it. Trying to get it. Just threw himself at the window. Splat. Fall. #Fail. Aw! & lol!
Hi, I'm a Mahomie and I have no social life, bad grades and a terrible sleeping pattern, thanks to Austin Mahone. But I regret nothing.
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Stay Safe out there.
I really don't thing Kentucky season hinges on getting Noel or shabbaz I think Kentucky has a great group coming in &will getmore
yummy!! Glad you're feeling better babe! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
Chillin in New York!
I told that person they needed anger management. Jeez, some people are just so mean.
People handing out fliers in Dupont for equality march. "I'm putting on brave face but it is pretty disorganized" says a volunteer.
People act like they are forced to watch the Spurs @ Suns game. Since its so boring, change the channel. Easy as 1..2..3..
No kidding... next time we'll just let your stalker... vacuum.
The past couple days have made me realize that I hate two things more than anything in the world... poison ivy, and shots
Excited to attend Ripples of Hope this evening!
In a relationship, the power always goes to the one who cares less..
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to #CovertTU tomorrow!
coming to Chicago June 24th? Okay!
Happy Friday! I will be glad when this week is over. Too hectic.
I have the worst luck. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><U+274C>
Gov. Perry's speech today was good, the mention of God, forgiveness was the mark of a godly man.
But laminating is bad!
As much as I'd like to attend the reading for Erin Morgenstern's The Night Circus - having worked for the circus, I'm kind of over it.
s/o to and for affording cats an opportunity. a lot of the time, that's all an unsigned artist needs...an opportunity.
Terible inning on the bases for the Pirates in the 4th
We need to find a way to bringUSon one accord,no matter our mental and emotional differences
hey ape how do you know god is a man
You wonder why they bothered.
is AH-MAZE-ING. see her in concert... I'm a HUGE fan now. So talented!
hahaha, right on
Why can't it just be nice sunny weather for the rest of the year? Fuck this bipolar weather shit.
Next time you hear Mitt Romney speaking, close your eyes and picture Will Ferrell doing his Harry Carey impression.
you got that smile that only heaven can make I pray to everyday that you keep that smile - <33333333
waiting for my big booty boyfriend to come see me :)
Hotsheet Live: Voters frustrated with lack of transparency
#smca sorry to be missing the gig tonight. Best wishes on winning a Tequila Fest ticket door prize :-)
Most people will always follow the path of least resistance. Therefore, Easter chocolate set out in the room will be eaten.
I can almost see what else you're reading LOL. My kindle has all my teen daughters books on it so i look like a twit.
all this mess has highlighted is the franchise vs club model of football...will be interesting to see what happens
That's SO cool!! haha I might just spam your twitter with all this sick merch I find :D I sure don't mind it x]
on my way!
Horacio Ramirez is a bad penny.
The dust is Afghnistan is smaller than the other dust in the world. Doctors are finding dust deep in returning soldiers lungs
I love that this is happening.
Home from walk in the woods with Karen, Heidi and Star. Nice way to unwind after a very hard week (despite a fall or 2)! No deer this time.
lol it turned out packed lol i completely just got back
you keep us laughing! join us on Friday for TweetSeats live theatre #sm + special comp tix to #IdiotLA! DM us asap.
Out with the Sqaud tonight, time to clear my head and have some fun finally !
def the #hottest #cunt on the f'n block
It is certainly the case, his music keep calm many people
wonderful hope you had a good time
In Minneapolis for #aam2012: panel on creating "Communities of Conversation around Exhibitions." In my case, RACE: Are We So Different?
imwithyou : 2 years from now the browns will be in the playoffs. file that away. i believe it. i have to. I'm from cleveland
Got my tickets to the cav's game,now I need to find a cleveland hotel
New Chicago White Sox closer Chris Sale to undergo MRI on sore left elbow - Winnipeg Free Press
Parra, you sexy mother fucker
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
someone give me something to do until two oclock!!!
You should! Where do you want to go?
Great day overall @ #hpmkt. Found many new vendors, product for clients and avoided the rain. One disappointment did not ruin the day!
Q1 Even in the wealthiest of communities, there are patrons w/out comp access.
Hata words >> he USE too>>he DID>>he WAS
I wrote a Woman's Prayer - Dear Lord, please keep Rick Santorum out of my pants.
Hamels suspended 5 games and an undisclosed fine for last night.
So college softball comes on while my mom is channel surfing, she looks at me, then changes the channel. UM I WANTED TO WATCH THAT!!
I hope Martin is a good gambler
#OWS, global social uprisings, economy in meltdown, climate stress...times are a changin' - will they give rise to the Age of Consciousness?
Religion is started by individuals. Philosophy is not dependent on religions. Religion has no meaning without philosophy.
cool! can i come? lol
The Brewers should sponsor a submarine or NASA rocket or something.
Damn, really need to start wearing glasses to paint these tiny little details, how did this happen I was always 20/20!
glad you made it safe that's drive is too real
# imagine Selena: 2009: "He is like my younger brother." 2010: "We're just friends." 2011: "We're dating." 2012: "I'm pregnant." lmao xD
One can only hope. RT : Is it bringing all the boys to the yard?
Rain is on the way. Scattered shower activity can be expected within the next few hours. Strong storms possible tonight through Wed.
6 police cars just passed me. :/
Okay peeps im out - chat ltr ~
So in essence, Olbermann abused his power. Thank you for clearing that up,
So I'm directing Craig Wright's The Pavillion, with three top-notch actors, and we'll be doing it in living rooms around Chicago.
Ok. Who is going to win the first game? Ravens or Patriots?
"People are like elevators, they either take you up or they take you down."
- Just got the Mac & Cheese Bites - The office went nuts and I only got 2!! They are WONDERFUL-next time I will have to get extra!
Someone on Twitter said "I'll walk the dog in 5 minutes" 19 minutes ago...
My mom is SO irritating in the morning.
Glory Rocket that we just watched launch live has FAILED...Tune in...
I just saw two shooting stars c: Looking for more.
": First dates = awkward. First kisses = heavenly. First love = irreplaceable. First heartbreaks = Unforgettable" tweet it girl
No worries. If you've a link or text that expands on the trend you're seeing, I'd appreciate learning more.
Ben Cherington has so little money for free agent signings; Theo Epstein spent it all last offseason.
It's that time again Millennium Disco $5 vodka cold beer and late nights w/ come get some Password=MegaMan
It's been a long day, settling nicely into my book.
I think I was watching that day. I called in and I was nervous and everything and he was like making fun of me, I was like..
Thanks dear! I hope so too... I'm in a lot less pain now than I was yesterday!
RT : #IGoToCoralParkWhere my teacher leaves first than tha students...
I'm not mad. I'm hurt. There's a difference.
I hope those words mean something to you..
- Dude! You're a monster. No backup?
if you see tell him I said hey good looking ;P
A one point game with 12 seconds to go!! Come on, LAKERS!!!!!!
right up until i overdo it and start twitching
veggie omelet, flour torillas, coffee and OJ. got to remember to leave myself a good tip
You're looking at a world that is not there, a personality that is not there. Its just a projection on the Reality.
Bored. Done watching these videos.
Thanking God for all things in my life! Sometimes all u need to say is THANK YOU!!!
No matter how many times you say it, #ToonamisBackBitches still has that cool ring to it.
Tried photographing #LunarEclipse through binoculars - once got good owl pix that way but no dice thanks et al for great pix
u too much!! haha
Man I Miss Steven "Moonie" Manning like a mf! Always w/a smile, often w a dance! Thx 4 teaching me 2 live my life w/o inhibitions!
The Mint was the best night of my life. - please don't forget your promise to come to San Antonio (:
Action is the real measure of intelligence.
: Here's hoping that your former bandmates decide their lawsuit is wrong. Blessings to you and your family.
Is it #Friday yet? :/
Journalists recall the Derby celebs who cast a memorable light - Kansas City Star
Thanks for the inclusion into your Daily posting.
it's like 40 degrees here every day
the quick red fox waslked under the tired dog.
So blessed to be able to work for and with my father.
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!!! Awesome couple!!
BEYOND grateful that was understanding and let me into class a little late. Sorry never again!
- Totally. Good luck with the move back to LA.
probably i tied her to a table so i could run away from her
It was great meeting you guys last night! Let's keep in touch!
I totally agree!!!
how can that even be possible, I'm at home tonight.
I kinda feel bad...but I had to be honest :/
Stay N yo Lane... Stay n yo muthafuckin Lane
Last week was a great one for stocks...it's about time
So u can get drivers on ur id... N do relief RT what's this driving class about
The first rule of CSS Hack Club is "You don't talk about CSS Hack Club."
Yall will hear some of those r&b joints on my upcoming #fireyourghostwriter project
well, i like you back!
Some 'say what they mean' ... Others 'say what they say.'
I swear if one more f**king person says something bad about Austin i'm gonna go f**king ape s**t! >:(
E! News: John Travolta's original masseur accuser drops sexual assault case against actor
A whole slew of busty new followers. They must know I've been working out.
Gonna have to get over the fact that my room will be a complete mess for the next month <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
good picks. we think ben is the fav. rt I hope Ben, Ryan, West r the nxt bach! liked thm all can't wait 2 c
#KansasCity Stand Up!!
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The dentist ruined my day.
Twelve Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens only $12...add on Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!
I don't know who most of these young guys are but I love them...
Hells fucking yeah!! Truly love what AvB has done with this alias! I imagine more epic tune will continue under this name!
learning highway 405 is all the doom & gloom i require. i prefer the sunshine, but i agree, too conservative.
What a nice X-mas gift: A letter from NoMAA informing me that I was selected to receive a grant from the NoMAA Creative Grant program!
I'm listn 2 a Smiths CD that I rented from the library... Now, I'm going to download all of their songs in mp3s (again)...
that means I had have to go over her house! ha! she already has a faucet that will evennttttually go in. Love her.
Early voting goes until Oct. 30th. If you haven't gone yet, please take the time to do so and bring supporters with you!
trying to find that awesome reading spreadsheet .. it was on a blog called firefly or dragonfly ... can anybody help me out?
WOW!! Pujols, Wilson and now Chris Paul to the Lakeshow??? Southern Cali is doing Big Things!!!!
Denver increased its bike lanes by 77 miles last year, says Mayor Hancock
Much needed wine time with my buds.
It is -2 degrees right now in Boston, looking forward to some nicer weather in this weekend!
what's for dinner :))))
“: Why am I still 15? I wanna drive already. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> #ugh”
im good!!! I know its been too long
Will you two Polar Bears be wind surfing in Lake Michigan today?
who got next? send em our way Bravo
Save the date: Nintendo's E3 presser is Tuesday, June 5th at 9am (it should be broadcast live from Nokia Theater)
HOW DO I KNOW IF I WANNA FOLLOW YOU IF YOU BLOCK PEOPLE WHO ARENT FOLLOWING YOU FROM SEEING YOUR TWEETS?
Here we go again............& that is why there should ALWAYS be a defenseman on the ice.
Ouu I'm so mad! Today sucks major monkey ball so far...
In my slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabbbbbb.
Wow! you used my favorite Billie Holiday quote . . . great minds think alike. Am following back! Bev
Just realized three major Korean directors have American debuts coming out this next year.
hey pretty lady with the big brown eyes lol tht song is burnin
Very positive shout out at keynote for #pcpgh6 !
I love you!c; <3
setting up the Slatebox blog
Gut feeling: That the #Habs are going to win the draft lottery tonight!
Brought my clothes to work out after work and realized I forgot my pants. No pants workout?
Very excited to plan a baseball group outing for next month for O's v Nats-bring on the boys and the beer!
no complaints from me.
: Congratulations to you! :)
yes!! It was do amazing - sad u missed it!!
and it was just poor work all around
Ruth is on the carpet with Patrick Dempsey, so not expecting Kristen till she's unoccupied....
Thank you...love & light to you too.
thanks dan. I will read it tonight. Thanks!
Radio interview in Anchorage, on the most popular radio show in Alaska--thanks, Bob & Mark at KWHL 106.5!
Be sure to come by the booth #1503 for a chance to win a $25 gift card & a new #Dell XPS laptop -
My Portal 2 level. I appreciate the honesty.
it's been off a little all day..hope he does place will go nuts
Getting my braces off and new crown for my missing tooth. Oh and the '78 broke down today and made me late. But it's all good.
amen ICONiacz need to calm down! no one leaving the boys
Poor baby! I was hoping that you would be feeling better by now. Try some chicken broth and crackers sweety!
Still waiting to see how FourSquare has paid off for anyone.
I was thinking Robert Smith and Michael Jackson
The crows were so loud outside of the house this morning that they woke me up twice.
Frank Ocean >
Above all, Love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1 Peter 4:8
tis the season for snacking! enjoy!RT : oh my goodness I am so excited right now!!! thank you so much!!
Lovin thos drunk dial moments. Oh wait know i'm not acktually
If you don't get a DM, I'm so sorry! There's just so many<3 you're all beautiful!
Time to get down to business
thanks for the tickets! Super excited to taste some too.
I am working today. I made that, took a shower, got up #Kman, and dressed him all in an hour.
Thank you to the Rios family!! You are the first to rent The Double Nate this weekend!!
Not happy with your website? Want 2 know how it could be improved? We do offer free consultations to move your brand in the right direction!
lmao I love you to mam, don't drink too much.
thanks, I hope to stop by
You know, just waitin for new chapters of sparks fly...
ilove How iM Cryin And Hes There To Cheer Me Up <3 Even tho he threw a pen at my neck -_-
's dad kind of looks like hitler.
I fix computers.........in Las Vegas.......I run a shop......it's on spring mountain and jones...... (702) 641-5555....don't fear the reaper
eat out the next month then your first meal in your new home will be more exciting :)
REALEST tweet I seen in a minute!
Lmaoooo RT “: He so cute... *pulls up avi* ok ok if you squint he's kinda cute”
Nope! That's all they get. I think it works because people are taking photos with their phones already.
Well my shirt is on it's way, yes! time for a change!!!
some people who cannot make it in the morning are wondering if the A.D. black history month presentation will take all SRT
great to make your acquaintance.
Am I the only one on my street who dosnt have their christmas lights up yet?
Be impeccable with your word
yeah it does blow. I have to wake up at 2am everyday for work, that swallows!
My town is pretty much gone & so is a lot of other towns here in Kentucky. Everyone here could really use your prayers.
Well that's what we're gonna win then. I'm excited!!! I MISS YOU SO FREAKING MUCH.
Feel like a little kid the night before going to Disneyland......can't wait for the new season of Game of Thrones to begin tonight!!!
should be anywhere from 10-12$! See you then!
follow back NEGIRL
Sat. at the Cellar Door Records Doulble CD Release Show! Keith Vance, J Markert, Diamonds & Pearls, Tom Evanchuck! Please RT!
WHAT IS IT
avengers came put today am so freakin excited!!!!
Missing seeing on my DVR every day. Can't wait for new shows!
we there tonight
i be there soon. Lets keep the numbers high
The boyfriend video was different from the previews but okay...
you know im on the ps3 my dude. ima cop it too.
about to go out wbu?
I have not gotten diablo 3 I feel like less of a nerd now :(
SURE IKAW PA !!
Read the book: The Hunger Games
See, told you “: It is a scientific fact that if you stay in bed, nothing bad can ever happen.”
um why, Austin makes me mad
Bottoms up
I hate when Ppl judge me.and dont kno me
#youmightbeaterroristif you think its contradictory for a gov't to deregulate WallSt. while saying its okay to regulate the internet
More cool #winning journos , , & (hope this is right) Congrats! See u @ SPJ-SD banquet
We're cutting petty cash in your dept
Inhale Love - Exhale Hate ~ Unknown
Need to win this game
I've got a nice big box of cupcakes!
#milwaukee Wooden frames are present in 94 percent of all new homes. DId u know that!
<--- Everyone Plz Follow ...OR ELSE!!!
Hm...I'm on the home page but can't seem to find resources pg <- msg from the Utterly Analog Guy :-)
Alinder at #OAH2012 :"Slapping stuff up on the web is NOT access." Working with local HS, arts orgs, and activists is key." YES!
Thanks for tweeting that image! You've won free admission to the opening tonight at 6:00. Let them know at the door, congrats!
Yo but their dope though .
Hey,do you have some free time 2day :)
I haven't taken a shit since like Tuesday.. Wtf
Were you guys serious about the whole '80s thing..? Cause that sounds awesome!
heading to Citizens Bank Park to deliver the 1st pitch at Phillies game better be over the plate or answer to !
dam how much you want?
The Startup of You by Reid Hoffman is an essential read for transitioning professionals. A client of mine read it and loved it
Frank Spaziani and Gene DeFilippo now have all of the excuses they can ever assemble.
i was promised ihop today. did i get ihop? no.
Just did! :) RT : Thanks Gracias Obrigado por el follow please also LIKE us on...
last night it was kush and cirocc
I like the lineup for side stages at summerfest. Wish I had more money to go. Broke social worker :(
just got so pumped from reading that email #summertimesfine<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
That's a good comparison, although Kerry is much better than Romney. (I voted for Kerry in '04.)
preettttty stoked for this weekend <3 get to hang with some awesome people. then, next week the frantic, week after that is gang vocals
Huge truck Crash off the side of the i5 at the north gate exit. Its snowing in seattle!
did you get my emails
Retainers suck
Joe Francis seems normal
RT : turned out and up!
Everyone quit their fucking bitching.
RT : #Michigan QB Denard Robinson (Deerfield Beach) scores on a 32 yard scamper. Already over 100 rushing yds in first half.
I'm be a og in that shit gangbangin on bacon and eggs
Aw, gee, thanks!
the one about horse fossils plugs into bill's pragmatism stuff in a kind of excellent way, I think
It's true. Works on mobile... I'm nagging wapo newsIT about this now
Lambda Lambda chapter Car Wash today at 420 E. Capitol Drive @ Mc Donalds! 10-3pm... $5 for cars and $7 for trucks!:-)
good morning ;)
Hey, don't have a whole lot to say on that but shoot me an email.
iPhone 4S it's not the #iphone5 but still with the A5 CPU…7X faster
well im home now, so lets chitchat kiddo
worked on lady loki last night and awesome sauce is brewing =)
Just noticed that my sweater has been crusted with snot/spitup/milk all day long. Le sigh.
A Review of the Best Natural Breast Enhancement Products? #RatchetBait Union Square
Isn't it a relief to know you won't get raped as long as you aren't stupid enough to go to the #PlacesWherePeopleGetRaped ?
Bill? Honeys, I'm not on first-name basis with bands. Who is Bill from?
for a week they are. Better see your Conan ass
Brafton #SEO #CEO how's my #LinkedIn Profile look? If I was you I would look at the staff. Is anyone over 40 years old?
Who's seeing performance at The Bank of America Pavilion tonight??!!
....discussing Title 9 that requires equivalent treatment among male and female athletes...equality of funding, etc.
Unfortunately I have never seen 2001. Sad, I know.
Thanks ! RT "Today I backed and it feels great! Check them out!"
I miss you too! I was gonna come back to work but plans changed :( <3 u!
Damn ..shes def about tht life...RT Whoa this trick said she likes two fists up her vagina o_O wth!
RT : um SB what ever happened to NY signing footage ?
same here -.-
RT : The biggest misconception about Mitt Romney is that he actually cares about answering the questions.
I love and I despise my ex, but I would never submit her photos. Does that make me a hypocrite, a hoarder, or a gentleman?
wow. Her tour bus?
Amy and members of the American Idol Band are scheduled to video 2 of Amy's songs, "Love Handles & Do Drop Inn" in March.
its ok its just another day
that book is wonderful I thank u Tyrese for writing this book ..its a great help for all walks of life!!!~
Yummy recipes!!
All star game tonight hope its better than that starters nonentertaning disappointing dunk contest worst dunk contest ever
#mymompacksmylunch ? #yourmompacksapunch Yes I am middle class as are you. And yes I called out President Obama. What.
Eau Claire shoutout
thank you.
ready to learn about reverse innovation
Get more consumers to request it. RT : How can sommeliers get more Gruner Veltliner onto restaurant lists?
:) thankyou!! RT : Congratulations to both & on winning the Team Player of the Year award!
I still hold a grudge on Sergio Ramos from last time
will be on Friday from 7-9pm EST signing autographs!!!!!!!!!
Mhmm you tell her! \(._.)z RT No bitch, it's ;p RT : Everyone missed foreal!!
those people can stand in the back for the pictures
Loving the tweets and pics! Thanks
Mat 6:8 Therefore do not be like them, for your Father knows what things you have need of, before you ask Him.
Elbow soreness ": hyperextended spincter RT : prediction: Luke to DL announcement after game"
Happy Mother's Day all!
Have no fear, Cabrera is here! What a diving catch!
1200 followers!!! Yes!!!
I'm just groovin, not farting!! ;)
And i would too she is amazing :-) RT : Someday I'll be pestering y'all to be voting for for ACM New Artist!
I became enlightened. That's a pain though, if you aren't a monk. People just think you're really depressed.
To hear Billy Joel tell it, he rarely got a satisfying night of sleep.
said you could provide insight into using iPads 1:1 in math and sciences. At 1:1 middle school in MD. Love to chat!
okay good haha ;p
W/ his copious millions, you'd think #Romney could've sprung for a public-speaking course for himself & his family.
don't go down that path. You'll never live it down
Of course! I am hoping it involves Postino and copious amounts of bubbly. Have you been to FnB? I'm told we're going there Fri.
#sendflowers - Designers in at 3am on Monday
I hate this ratchet ass old man!
Agreed, but the idea that it's Wade's team is a joke, regardless.
Yeah. we usually put our bags over our legs and walk past them sometimes lmao
« Even though #Pisces appear soft on the outside they are hard as rock inside and manage to keep things together.»
hey buddy are you sure your ok from what Chachi did to you
here's that video i was talking about before!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> where have u been?
Brian Roberts should get a tattoo beard.
If they do I've never seen em! I want one!
There will be six commentators that will be expressing their feelings towards Singh's artwork & the African Burial Ground
who? When did u start?
Getting super excited for the #Lectora User Conference! Can't believe it's in just one month. Only 43 spaces left!
you get a really nice feeling after you do something really interest free.
This some bullshit
When I find it, I don't need it. When I need it, I can't find it.
yo u here??
Now time for the Fiesta Bowl
GIRLFRIEND?!? That's it... You'd better have a good explanation or the wedding is off mister!
Its gone be hot af today
oh lighten up :p
This country music award show is absolutely brutal.
20 minutes of riding and it feels like the ankle's snapped in half. Noo :(
But this migraine...
We're thinking about putting Bride of Pin*bot at Slabtown.
What sports will your mom be watching from the sidelines this weekend?
Loves having visitors.
I think we need 7th heaven reunion show stephen
Peyton finalizing a contract with Broncos!! Oh boy
I unblocked the Shit .. I wonder did he Even try to call
It's Friday... Check out * ESTATE * Boston's best dance club!
do you guys know what #MCC is?(:
#DearYoungSelf Regardless of how cool Tpain makes it look, it is never wise to fall in #love with a stripper..
7 different instances of #Speakerphone in one sound design session...I guess I kinda love that plug-in.
Thanks to Certified Auto Services, LLC for supporting our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause!!! thanks!
Thanks. I looked at yours too. Interesting.
Watching like listening to Hawk & Steve Stone. They been around the game a long time, great stories. Im always learning new things
Haven't used twitter a lot! :O
Yeah awesome. 15 days in the Fla Keys. I felt like I was on the European employee vacation plan. LOL
I guess I missed out on me and kellers famous hey tells last night
There is a reclamation of public space happening above and around me. All City living should be like this
...and today's drive will be roughly from somewhere in UT to somewhere in/near Las Vegas.
kababs yes and quite popular :) Let me know when you're ready to go big in Finland :)
Please see my answer on to: How can i cash a check that's made out to me and the estate of my spouse? - In Wisc...
You should be HAPPY. :c
OK! don't worry too much. we'll help either way! :>)
cammy! i miss you so much<3 need to see you soon! movies in NYC? dm me and call me later! love you so much <3
I haven't failed. I've found 10,000 ways that won't work - Benjamin Franklin
Getting nervous! First 1/2 marathon this weekend after injuries that took me out of running last May! I can do this and not die.......right?
it's Aiiight bout to go hoopin later today
yup! Just be listening!
Casey is being fascinated by butt implants. Im nonplused.
Gotta try Tip Top's vegetarian sloppy joe with some sweet potato fries!! (even the carnivores are eating it!)
I'm totes gonna check that out when I get home.
Felt the earthquake yesterday. news said to expect aftershocks in a few days.
Good morning my boating tweeters! We have a great line up for tonight's event! Everything from a 250 Select up to a 540 Sundancer!
DOORS and disco: It's a heady combination.
I just cut off my hair. :o
Getting very close to the Draft, check out this preview and how kahn will mess this up www.timberwolves.blogspot.com
Damn Taylor...tell em how u really feel
Thanks for the RT! We loved that graphic. Got our days started out the right way!
The same one that I pray to before I close my eyes everynight is the samr one that's responsible for opening them up every morning.
I Aint never seen a politician on my street, so I do for my people, as you should!
AHOY MATEYS. PREPARE FOR WHIZ KID TERROR ON THE HIGH SEAS. WE'RE GONNA BOARD YOUR VESSEL, AND THEN PROBABLY TURN IT INTO A FLOATING DISCO.
Proud New Yorker
Why on this night do we take an open book test before uncomfortably eating with people we just met who assumed we are religious?
you'll have to visit next time you're in SoCal, we'll hit the links.
These feelings are meant to stay,
+1 on all three observations
Same to you, thanks for the mention.
It was her picture And the second question So Anwser it-A
This horrible night has been made easier thanks to my #Yankees Tweethearts!! <3
The Frank Rich article is spot on. Folk inside the beltway and the media not only do not get it, if they do they are trying to destroy it.
Don't make me hop up out this pretty thing and take a twitpic.
Would it be mean to paint some Balut and have them out for an easter egg hunt?
With on #BI not being a point release. Probably just the IT - Functional disconnect...
every year people say rude stuff about the yearbook. Don't listen to them! I'm sure it's amazing :)
No cllue what 's ustream was about today...
I really love the red hot chili peppers
Leap into fun today & receive 5% cash back! Their vertical wind tunnel will blow you away. Happy Leap Day!
I love when Panera gets over run by frat boys...
i hate you shaun lsojmakdalkx
lol its okay girl
RT : A4: Show youre ready by going above and beyond the call of duty
my faavvv part was when he was singing and hugging his wife and crying <3
flower pot head ahh
great now the whole world knows!
Darn well I live in Baltimore. I wanted to do an interview about your background/journey to the NFL. Not any controversial stuff
I hope it fucking haunts you forever that you're the reason behind the scars on someone else's body.
5k 6max PLO today. By far the most enjoyable tournament of the summer so I really want to make it last
Busiest weekend of the year for the NYC hack line. Stand up for the horses! Join Coalition for demo Sat, Dec 17, 1-3 pm...CPSouth Ave!
For Churchill in-house news, follow Also, is a great Derby follow, too.
I'm in kingsport!
S/o to my new follower I just hit you with a
I really want to meet
People keep comparing to Dave Matthews Band, yet they all say he's not gonna make it after AI. Hmm...how far has DMB made it?
Hands down, You suck at Photoshop
Chelsea FC use to be good. Haha.
I hope the next one doesn't cause... camera problems.
LET'S GO DEFENSE!!!
Lebron obviously didn't get no ass from Chris Bosh cause he not focused
pearl snaps r ok. Jacked up trucks needs to b submitted to GNG.
Today is my favorite nonholiday - Beware the #Ides of March
If you own #rental #property in/around #Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property #taxes. Know for sure: www.mdtaxappeals.com
I just saw 2 chicks making out in the train, unfortunately they were both ugly. I'm still gonna rub one out.
I think an HGTV series on sacred spaces that looks at rooms, walls, gardens that are sacred ard the world wld be fascinating
Home alone...nothing to do. What do I do?...Watch "Call of the Killer Whale" Be Jealous!
#quotes Good management consists in showing average people how to do the work of superior people.
Can you do us a favor and tag us in a status? We are trying to get more likes:). Thanks!
Happy National Candied Orange Peel Day. What do you like to use this garnish for?
Go music pirates!
Really hoping Roxy here gets better soon, she's been an awesome dog to grow up with and a big part of my childhood.
Getting really excited to see Bruce Cockburn tonight at the , Madison, w/special guest Jenny Scheinman!! Gonna be amazing!
RT : Have to say service and staff was beyond amazing today!!! If you have not been or come to San Diego, it's a MUST!!!
Daymean Stewart of Thomas More and Paul Miller of Kettle Moraine lead WI Shooters past TP Elite 16U.
Heard an amazing MLK convocation keynote last night from Thanks for the inspiration and the reminder to listen deeply.
I'm guessing that it's because I opened up my emotional channels with the Michael Ryce workshops.
Lets Go Patriots !!!
thank U 4 obeyin God & seein what God put n 4 us & helpin 2 pull it out! U BOTH R PHENOMENAL & PRICELESS 2 ME!
Still overloaded woof dog over on target.com,
RT : I'm just gonna go ahead and send some more money to the Obama campaign...
And now your, somebody I used to know ...
Success with my water bill! If you are a previous e-bill customer its best to call 619-515-3516
RT if you will marry me! (;
Beginning this weekend, look for Davalos Tequila inside all Lee's Discount Liquor locations!
same to you!
your one of the few who 'actually' read the event for IceBreakers - Look forward to seeing you there!!
Its all about pitching !!
Grateful to be joining in today's chat. Giving ourselves the space and room to be imaginative is crucial at any age.
awesome. We're planning to go to Australia. That's our dream spot!
hate those "it may take 10 days before you are removed" disclaimers. It's so they can send ten more emails.
I Wanna Be Like You - Jungle Book :D
you would write a song about tying your shoes... it's almost as good as the one you wrote about putting mail in the mailbox.
Best poker advice I ever heard/read after making a spewy 3-barrel bluff: "Your dick made this play, not your brain."
yeah whats up?
Get all your #ACE info here
Wtf jay said the same shit I did hahahaa young boy learnin..
AH totally forgot. tomorrow? i'll come on your lunch break to grab it.
Today --- Ravens/Patriots (43.5) #TakeTheOver --- The Pats will get their points & The Ravens will respond w/successful 3-headed run game
been good man just same ol, how's everything on your end?
Need someone to tag along? I wanna go.
Do you like it?
Moes Monday bitches!!!
If you have a business and are interested in promoting your product to 1,000's per day. Please email
"Tut, tut, looks like rain." Used that quote today. Lol!
#superartfight I want Santa Acid holiday cards.
SILENT RIVER FILM FESTIVAL SUBMISSION DEADLINE APPROACHING.
yeah I am.
never mind. I guess I'm not as dumb as a I look. I was ready sales volume not price. Thanks again. Good stuff.
It 's Time To Move Your Money Now! The big banks are in the doghouse again. Over the last couple of years, there has been constant discus
Conratulations to and her husband on their beautiful brand new baby girl! She's a cutie!!!
Listen for God, wait on Him - impatience can be our biggest downfall
rest and relaxation!
If you prepare a presentation, that is about 70% of the work - just make it into a publication.
ahahha aww! (: My god i wish :(
all veggie sushi!
Producer Steph is on vacation all week. Lord, help us.
Totally dude! “: A pizza place needs to make pizza just like in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Those slices looked legit.”
I don't just make beats. I know my sh*t...
Man this shit is real fucking sick..
Starting my job at the T-Shirt shop tomorrow!
#asknathan What do you like better the UK or USA? x
how u been?
it might as well be spring?
Diagnosis the key to effective treatment
Are there any guides to porting your ConnectedTV applications to Samsung and the BADA framework?
I would forget my glasses in my golfbag that didn't make it to Knoxville :(
ABC510, The latest on a body pulled from Lake Ahquabi, Iowa's 1st Christie's Great Estates Tour and Shawn Dancing @ the Well!
#thewonderofwonder finished reading Wonder. Loved it. Recommending to my staff and going to nominate for the 2014 Caudills.
Glad to hear you toured! How did it go?
Pizza hut break..
Time to bust out the best crew shirt.
I wish I had all the Boy Meets World seasons on DVD.
Though both types of schools may admit year-round the two situations are very different.
O and i need a new nike sweartshirt thats purdue i left my one at the mmovies.
Don't buy the hype, he's really a big ol' sweetheart and a damned fine director.
Good Day to you Sir! Have a great one.
DANCE REHEARSALS!
That wasn't me. Different Alice McIntyre.
Love you too
I just had an out of body experience laughing so hard at perry messing that up! Hilarious!
I am too difficult even for myself at times
Omg I'm German too! :-) And I'm Polish! :-) but also a little bit of French Dutch an Irish
EverybodY should follow she is a nice Girl... :)
im just not in a good mood today
If you have a surplus of elbow grease, we've got a work day on Saturday from 10-5 to help get the interior ready! There may even be snacks!
New post: DeLorme Street Atlas USA 2010 Plus [OLD VERSION]
I need to watch the hulk movies, thor, AND captain americas. D: I saw the avengers and asked myself why I haven't seen the others
Trying my best to pacify a drunkard.
check my tweet! yo!
Ideas are a dime a dozen. People who put them into action are priceless.
Pfffff... Rosa Mexicano has always been a killer for my liver in LA!!!
lol on facebook, some girl told me that i was gonna die, because im too skinny. bitch your too fat.
Man I love watching Hard Knocks on the NFL Network. 01 Ravens series on there now. Great to look back and see all the talent they had
Nope, but will def. Get myself a virtual seat! Thanks for the "heads up"!
I like Herron enough, but Ganaway the better pick if you have Greene
When I take my hands off, things happen. What does that say I should do more often? Thank you Jesus!!
is that you at ? i'm shy. hello!
Thanks for the mention Buy or Wait. The app makes it easy.
Congrats! Well done!
lmao I don't mean to neglect my fbook friends I just have a life..I hope you understand pat <3
Need to get some sleep for tomorrow
twitter > google search
please respond have alot of ideas
Crushing a social media for real estate webinar right now!
all i want is u #NOW :(
I think that an auditorium full of screaming strangers means you nailed your hip hop routines! Great job!
Single Gourmet is more than a dining out organization for singles. We also host wine tastings, singles travel, shows, sporting events & more
happy birthday (: love you <U+2665>
Can we agree to ignore what comes after Blu-Ray? I don't want to have to restart my movie collection...again.
I'm not sending you a pick of me naked, you sick fuck
coming to NYC on Monday the 27th to deliver similar talk at Parsons. More details soonish…
“Reporter? It turned out that I was to be reporter,editor,legman,rewrite man and front man for reader complaints”(1911)
i just watcheddiary of a wimpy kid:Rodrick rules!
#Disney's helping out the little guy by automating accounts payable so they're vendors get paid faster
I love Ariana grande! And her hair:)!
in 7th grade computers with ms.timo :o
For you shoppers on the go... new Publix opening Thursday will have curbside service.
Dream that ended with me, as a Hollywood starlet in a white peignoir, being devoured by a piece of cake. Hmm.
time to bathe :).
The goal of marriage when people have explored their true Self is to help each other realize God through divine sexuality.
gotta get dressed start my day...
Morales: McDonough told me passage of performance management contract would "improve relationships" between speaker, gov.
My nephew is asleep in my arms right now. :) this moment is precious and I'll remember this for forever I think :)
"Let us hold tightly without wavering to the hope we affirm, for God can be trusted to keep His promise." -Romans 10:23 (NLT)
I needa drink or two..... Or floor.
Did anyone else get to see the beautiful pink/red sunrise this morning???
Thanks for your kind words! It's so gratifying when people see what we're aiming to be: an essential part of the community.
We're participating in a demo with at , stop by booth #2360 to see it! , , and more!
Can't wait for thanksgiving!!
Just bought tickets for Guitar Wolf in April. I hope they play for five hours at non stop blistering volume.
Since today's a rainy day, we're going to take about rainwear! What's your favorite piece to shield from the rain?
SHOUTOUT TO :D YEAH BUDDY!
#iLikePeopleWho dont make people feel left out. &when they secretly know they do it...
This girl has a boyfriend at 15 years old were is the parental guidance now a days
1987??? Do you even remember a title? Haters gon' hate!
Looking 4ward 2 the surveys! Send me info abt ur sts (age, level) &I'll come up w/ a similar sort of project 4 my sts.
Save Water, Drink Beer!
Wait a minute...Do NuvaRings expire?! -Casey
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You know your a redneck when: you don't put the plastic flamingos in your yard as a joke.
I often doublebook myself, & then offer incentives to make people accommodate my schedule
it was soo good! My only issue was I think Ricky and Max should switch roles.
how much 4 the mixtape host
Area 31 Happy Hour is almost ready for another packed house!
Just put Tyhir in the tub waiting for our food to come. I need to wash my hair ughh
I'm just relived to know (:
Awesome 'Firebird'! Ian Pascal Tortelier did a beautiful reading of it! Bravo!
THIS: RT : Happiness is a warm house and a sleeping cat on your lap. And THE INTERNET.
RT : #Sightseeing in #Philadelphia? Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell are open until 8:00 p.m.
I am a little sad I missed it. I'm sure was great! (But yes. NOLA beats everything.)
The kid with diabetes has a boring a Easter Basket. Hopefully he gets a bike or something. Happy Easter, Crew!
Good Morning;)))
Looks like we're putting out a new cocktail list in the next few weeks.
This week is vegetables, fruits, and water week - ONLY ! Renew, Purge, and Cleanse through prayer and fasting...
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude! 3
The site is finally up and running with a splash page. Soon girls will be able to launch profiles and everyone else will begin to vote!!!
Make A wish it's "11:11" . "I hope you come true". #StayClassy. <33333
Anyone know any lawyer associations looking for prizes for silent auctions?
Take me out on a date?
man i need to get it...
Going Green: change ur A/C filter every month, check ur attic, if ur attic is cool when A/C is on u may have duct leaks. Are ur coils clean
Jalepeno burgers, thunder and good friends!
#lyt Is it Friday yet?
When buying a camera, look for a line-in jack. You can't use a mic without line-in.
this reminds me of some graphic photos at the museum of death in hollywood
2 of the 4 made it to finals, then they made the National team. Congrats to our bantamweight Olie Burton. That's my boy!!!!!
Playing w/ tomorrow (Friday) night at Club Cafe in Pittsburgh. We're first at 7pm. Come hang!
Rams are hitting everything!
L.I, NJ, Brooklyn, They are still The same Nets, which means they still don't matter in NY.
#Lakers on a roll. my man #Kobe Bryant rolled all over the wack #Suns. LA ALL DAY!!
couldn't disagree more about march madness. The passion and intensity is 10 notches higher in college bball!!
Did you read; The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? Tell me about it.
Mangia Fresca is looking for energetic Smiling faces for Counter help Days nights & Weekends Apply In Person no Phone call Please
If you have the best boyfriend why are you always complaining about him and crying all the time?
Ha, yes. Communal table-d for sure. Spent some money, ate some food, got some business cards (um) and went home happy.
Some faculty accuse committee organizing no-confidence vote of bias
People who have read Zombie Housewives of the Apocalypse are telling me it needs to be a movie or musical. I agree!
I love your smile.<3
On my way to the Copenhagen Tower's game... as the team doctor! Let's hope no one gets hurt.
I sometimes wonder why i even turn world news on, its always bad stuff.
I love nachos! I will have to catch you when you are near Broadripple or up north :)
Are you open? Some tweeted MKE closed because of high winds!?!
That poor bastard. Though he slept with Snooki, so he really deserves whatever he gets.
now he's 6th
The only reason i couldnt follow people was cause i followed over 2,000 ppl -,- . Unfollwed over 100 people holla (;
salutes Steve Jobs as he steps down from his Apple CEO post. Steve, thanks for making our lives better since we got our first Apple in '86.
Julio bashmore indeed...u got some tracks u can recommend for me? RT : sure you don't mean Julio Bashmore?
Dressing professionally for a library outreach today. Have "Nothing suits me like a suit" playing over and over again in my head.
Good luck Otto Porter and the Hoyas!!!!
Watched "Boondock Saints" with friends yesterday, had barbq, awesome Cinco de Mayo <3
just appealing to your strengths. YOU'RE WELCOME.
yoooooooo that made me cringe OD
Your desk is so neat....
So technically yes on all counts.
How soon is now?
If I Waznt Mike Reed Den Who Would I Be #TeamRudeNReckle$$
Whip fulls and Arabians tomorrow? I think so:)
like I said, im definitely
- Thanks for the mention!
Free reviews &amp; download for computer ebook: Pro Visual Studio ...
Drake Younger and Eddie Kingston vs. Jimmy Jacobs and Timber in a tag team rematch.
I mind as we go see my friend preach on Friday though. She gonna say her sister is dancing like thats supposed to capture me attention lol
I can't wait to hear his defense.
R U ready
NWST: #Mariners Fan Fest Tickets up for grabs tonight. Tune in for Trivia question at 9:30 on plus in depth w/ Olympian Sasha Cohen.
oh goodness! It must be one of those "specialties" like caviar. I just... Didn't even know it was edible! Haha
I Love Justin as much as he loves his family+beliebers+himself+music+food+scauter+usher+kenny+selena+friends+... and that's alot
I am at home, but I was just doing some work. Sad, isn't it? And that's good enough for donuts, I'm sure.
5 minute stop at work turned into 2 hours, arrrrggg!
Enjoyed delicious quinoa burrito from truck, Foster & Sheridan, sat outside to eat. Outside. January 31. Chicago.
Talent + Sweetness + Generosity + sexy = Lady Gaga.
I just want to be held...
I just asked God what he has been training me for? HIS response: "ALL THINGS"... I will not limit myself in 2012 "Cheers"..! ~StaceyC.quote!
Cut out all these exclamation points. An exclamation point is like laughing at your own joke.----F. Scott Fitzgerald
Ml. Nanotwi had arrogant students pick up others' shoes, while he himself would pick up the shoes of the humble ones.
Read for pleasure
twitter fucked up some relationships with that #mentionyourcrush shit.
Totally agree.
They call her love love love love
nobody has been able to get a hold of tony for the past three hours..
Tired. Goodnight Tweeters!!!!
Have you asked your boss what they need from you? How they think you add value? You should!
thought you were gonna respond w/ "Vienna"
Lmao My Girl Tweeted That A LONG Time Ago.
Cya later Dayton!
- Hot technology, Love it!!
I seriously have the sweetest bf ever esp since he's up with me right now cause of course I have morning sickness.
If you sell drugs but make less money than a nigga w/ a full time job then maybe you should ask that nigga for an application .
I met Charo at the party. She kept calling me Patricia. After the 3rd time I accepted Patricia as my Charo name.
triple clicking goes back a song
we need a group of crazy people now!
“: To God Be The Glory.... #theIntroduction” it's a must that I get this project.
Me either « I still ain't see project x»
Happy easter everyone! (:
Aw your sweet, so glad I got to see you!!!
if I was I woulda been #NFLdraft'in it while eating a stolen #tapa from . Why? What's up?
"We all come to this work with our own story." -Judith Kahn
Btw did ya'll notice the Greenhornes are playing with Eric Burdon(!). That's gonna be amazingly awesome
hey Austin! My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet? It would mean a lot to me!!(:
Stress free feeling > liver cancer
Big week for college football showdowns....grab an adult beverage and make yourself comfortable in front of your HDTV.
Anyone know how long Fanatics tickets are on sale for? I thought we could buy them at any time... ???
RT : Sandra Fluke got engaged. Rush Limbaugh not invited to the wedding.
Dear Miami, you are completely and utterly ridiculous. Sincerely, everywhere else in the world.
Don't pay a damn bill... I know my relatives want their own peace and space but they cant have it cuz he free loading.
I pure zoomed in to her eye and me phone was literally raping her face hahaha x
I hope hurricane Rina takes it easy on my friends in Cancun <U+E058>
The most healthy reaction to life is pleasure.
First day of shooting for Skin Folk completed! Updates coming soon!
I totally have the Berlin Mall commercial from my hometown stuck in my head...
Merry Christmas everybody !! Stay blessed and beautiful ;))
just the usual Rachelle! the usual!
I Love it!!!! Be sure to have tissues handy I haven't fully cried yet but I have she a few tears. It is so good!
i Think Moved To Australia And Didnt Tell Us! #ComeBack #WeMissYouMaggie <3
So ready to get home to my bed!!
Yes: especially for developers its basically the biggest false economy people make
you got it!
-- oh absolutely, life is to short to not be :-P
National Kiss Day...more like National Mano Day! Lol
I really want to be fluent in spanish
It was ugly cn him in the hospital
you're preaching to the choir
Not true, I would love it if you sent me Crazy emails ;)
A7a. The same way we operationalize/measure anything in business. quantify it and track.
No on SOPA Mr. Senator!
You're so punny!
thts wats up u will get it
Not many things as boring as rendering video. Ugh
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 13
oh they bout to find out!
Kheri Hilson radio on Pandora making my 8:30 clock in rainy morning at work flow smoother
Your welcome Anytime lol:)
Me too! You have the most beautiful coffee shop in the world! RT : loved seeing you!!
yea the part where they haven't beaten an FBS opponent since last October.
Site did not launch as expected. We'll try again in a few months. 11/11/11
WAY TO BEAST IT UP ON THE TRACK TONIGHT!!!(: YOU WERE PROBABLY LIKE LIGHTENING(;
on top of that she said buy food NOT WEED
i love ur videos so much
Today's Soups: Cheezy Potato Unstuffed Green Pepper
Label contest for Know of any good labels to enter for FREE? E-mail them to !
Does anyone know the real ?
lol I just realized that my phone didn't show the other tweet haha
John Mayer went all cowboy on me this new album. But you know, I'm not mad at all.
I broke up with my sweety. I feel like an ass. :'( I am just not ready for a relationship. :'( Im not over Nathan.
what's the differences?
Sadly, no. It uses capsules, but not k-cups. It retails for over $2,000 so can't sell for $25.
Allergies allergies allergies :(
ah ya gotta play! And the show is here on long island in a town called amityville
And what about when Pens fans wear black jerseys?
I studied international politics at When did you graduate?
Are any of my Denver people going to be at the Rockies game tonight
My hand is itching ---> its actually my trigger finger... where that paper at?...
The world of Entertainment is the world of business and as such, ignorance is never rewarded here.
That teacher got me messed up if she thinks I'm gonna watch a baby being born.
is at Erie brew by the bay festival. You fall in yet?
Dare I ask how many yrs?
“ Everytime i see your face, my heart smiles.”
Why did the colts pick another tight end
I notice the blossoming flowers everywhere this spring. They serve as a reminder that a flower doesn't TRY to blossom, it just does.
In celebration of #WHM we’ll be highlighting some of our amazing female principals bringing positive change to their schools. #StayTuned!
Haha! I've seen this before...had to remind myself to not look up :) RT Con of being short: I see unintentional nose hair.
Amazing how quickly corporate culture can change when top management makes it a priority and middle management executes.
I don't know how I organized my lesson plans, notes, and thoughts before #Scribner. Well worth the $40
how do you expect to pay for college and get both of those
no thank you for supporting!
Will iPad app be available publicly? Hopefully, but want to perfect in gallery first #AAM2012 can't wait!!!
hold up you're in portland, mind coming to my house?
had a gf but i didnt know that...
I'm Great Thanks
much love back!
Ever have one of those days when you just know it's fork in the road?
Ravens kick a field goal to make it 10-3!
thanks for the follow!
When uses twitter >
“: wow lucky you ! I wish you the best of luck ! :D” Thank you so much! Wish you could come!
With Azra at Sake House! We just ordered Baby Ocotopus and Spicy Scallops this should be interesting
I hate not being sleepy
Congrats of on winning the Justice Greek Pillar Award at the Awards Ball!
Students want/expect to contribute to their world by curating products & taking part in their learning development
We finally hit 2000 followers. Thanks Columbus!!
oh yeah I know wut u talkin bout
I'm tired of all these made-up National Holidays :?
because i'm princess, duh.
yippee! here we go
Thanks for the tw-love
Now that it's all said and done, I can't believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down, like an old abandoned house.
Has signed on to do the artwork panals for the book. stay tuned for great things, more to follow soon
thanks for following, Kathryn!
Yeah I Fu*k Up... But Just Know I'm A Beauitful Fu*k Up:)
Six Feet Under was such an amazing show. I miss it.
B Day, I see your DC Talk and raise you Steven Curtis Chapman and Newsboys.
thanks for the quick response
I once wrote & directed a show that required the entire audience to stand and do the Chicken Dance. That's how I roll, sunshine.
#ICantStand a skinny booty bitch that take pics like she got ass
I demand you do it, crafty-person!
IM GRN W/ NV RT : Got an email from an RN / medical leader who has 6 different credentials after her name, totaling 16 letters.
Thanks, PC!
All #vegans & #athletes, Follow & check out the site! Eat kind.Be strong
My mother is a little special.
RIP lil Wayne. Your greatness stops at The Carter IV
it's cold where I am too! Gonna stick it out though :)
Ugly first half by KU, almost as bad as Louisville's ode to Syracuse jerseys.
I appreciate seeing great Black mothers on tv, even going through a divorce. Great job!
RT i watch that video j. Real talk from front to back!" Glad you got something from it. Follow will do sir.
did not enjoy meeting Newt Gingrich.
Clemson >>>>NC State
Ewww!! Which one?
ITS A NICE DAY N THE CHI
Have u gone to our website yet? If you play the "proverbs game" and guess all of them right...you get a free torta. Check it!
RT : No Need For Friends! Fuck Friends! Friends Turn In To Bustas!!
Preach. RT : Haven't been tweeting much, I guess I'm still in shock of what Beyonce wore to the Met Gala.
Getting truly psyched for Spring Retreat 2012!! It is shaping up to be amazing (as they always are)!!!
Technology for Blended Learning w/ Betsy Corcoran of includes beta preview of new site, lots of references and resources
Is this thing on?
That is hilarious! Like the explanation in there for non-parents, too. Great start to your day!
56: You just followed me(: Haha we've never talked before but you're cutee. :D
Even the long ranger didnt do it alone-Harvey MacKay
Sometimes its good to take at step back and notice their are better places to be.I hope your happy were your at in LIFE iam being Me.
WHAT? WORLDWIDE BY BIG TIME RUSH?! PLEASE, OH PLEEEAAASE SEND ME A LINK.
Shaved = the best feeling ever,,, so refreshing :))
Wow I'm in a room of 70+ Baltimore business leaders who have not read Christensen...
We are still looking for vocalists if anyone is interested!
Fun!!!! Can't wait;) Is it cotton candy?
and thanks for checking out the app!
How did you respond at first? I would have been hard pressed to keep from saying something right then.
I bought cream cheese too! I'm almost baking right this second, and I'm excited!
Congrats on the new #steelers deal and great meeting you at the offices. You're why we watch. Get it? Lol...
I Need All Of You's To Brace Yourselves For That #BadLuckEntertainment & Vibe.. It's Coming .
only one of my legs is burned and its on my thigh so now my legs are wierdly colored xD no more white legs tho lol
just wanted to say I friggin love you!!:D
Gotta Finish Packin so we can be outta here in the Mornin.
REVOSD needs some volunteer graphic design work done to set the stage for our future. Want to be involved? Let us know!
A-freaking-men. ": Being a woman is a difficult task, mainly because it involves dealing with men."
just say the word..."its about to go downn"
Whitney Houston what's Bobby Brown going to do now.....
The starting stack was 30k
I'm surprised she's not making movies anymore. She is adorable.
Just saw that it's going to be the final season of #DesperateHousewives WTF?!?!
I hate saying it, but Cassel sold that fake a bit ago
Goodluck to my hoochie friend jp shes not a hoochie, :D. atleast she can be liek me and have a knee operated on!
Happy valentine's day to both of you. I hope you each have had a good day.
Hammie is a born star just like his daddy
I suppose I'll go to bed then.
I forgot my lab packet in my locker so I have 40 questions to do during lunch... I only have like half an hour. Wow I'm screwed.
A successful ! Go !
RT : Success is the best woman i can ever ask for
Please follow me(; 18
I think it takes a pile of bricks for us to make a home, and I’m not sure but I hear mountains grow from just one stone.
This is when the coaching becomes tough. Best part for people who love strategy
Happy New Year! :-)
Why does every guy with a hummer also have a custom plate? It's like saying "not only am I a douchebag, but I also like dicks in my ass"
Happy Birthday !!!!!
That sounds delightful, actually. Thanks! Add some rum and that could be a thing.
So many people angry at the world... Chill out!!!
Thanks! What's Wine Wed.? RT : Happy #WineWednesday !
NTS; remind to ask for a Hawaii crewneck when my cousin visits vancity for the wedding :D
PBS on in background w/ documentary on foundations of Catholicism. Don't know who this presenter priest is, but he knows jack abt history.
Thanks ! a good listen! only 15 minutes long about "Why you will fail to have a great career"
We all agree now, right? Fist bumps must explode at the end
MUNCHIE EXPRESS IS CLOSED TONIGHT DUE TO EASTER.
lol I do that al the time! Hahaha :D <3
Former Gov Rendell: SS should be means tested. "I made more $ last yr than when mayor,gov,& still got $28k in SS.u can't even send it back!"
Thanks to the forget!
Practice tonight with the guys! I love our new studio and the new songs that we are writing!!! Can't wait to play them for everyone!
When u stop to think about it, the reason #soccer coaches say "We're taking it one game at a time" is because they haven't won 2 in a row.
Hey ! I am interested in #SWMilwaukee! Let me know how I can help AND participate again!
Dean Levit thanks NARF for its willingness to partner on these important human rights issues. "The time is right, the need is there."
not me. but i am ready to space out :)
Winner didn't use #RUSHHOUR. Sites says "To enter the giveaway, followers will tweet us their entries with the hash tag #RUSHHOUR"
I pray that I get this job! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Boy, just hold me
Really a job for outsiders ... info available in .csv & SQL ... wouldn't be surprised if someone already has built something ...
So glad that you enjoyed our writing!
Bobby Fresh Family: We really appreciate everyones support in Retweeting all of our Blog posts you all have been a great asset to this line!
Do you know the definition of Small Business?
first person Chris call was Billy Hunter lol
Chemicals used bind tighter to cannabinoid receptors than THC does, allowing the chemicals to fully activate these receptors
been hoopin all over u since grade 6 t james
When I see a Prius W/O it's "Coexist" & "Obama '08" bumper stickers I get worried..& then a little sad..
:16 Graphic Design & Art majors honored at Addys. Same day as MBB title, weekend of great play in theatre.
I got new shoes for softball......
... you and glasses today lol :P
double digits #PA's (Potential Assists)
Audi buys Ducati. As if those bikes weren't already panty droppers (yes, I said that. no, I'll never admit to saying that.)
I need a CD with Holiday Road on it before I head down to Cali in a few weeks.
I cannot wait to see YOU. #yaaaaaay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Flying up there to retrieve them if I have a problem with customer service.
Also, if you have my phone number .. Text me caps/rangers updates..
You have strong religious beliefs, yet you sin every day. Why not be real to who you are instead of fake to ancient ideals
why do up hate gay people so much?
but like I am like like totally mature!!! :);):P 69
I curled up inside myself and hid from the pain.
your mom! Jk...my girl lol. What's up tho man? You back home yet?
I miss you too.
How was Pansy Brunch/Circle Degree ?
Coffee time
Its OFFICIAL i Yung Kush am NOT ATTENDING The FUNCTION & THe GAURD to Perform BONITA Its Like Im Not Even On THE SONG
Let me get this straight: Rita Ora has a song about having fun with your friends, regardless of the season? She is a visionary.
Bob's Big Boy :) I'm so hungry!
its ok :/ he was flirting with other girls nd he said I wasnt the rite one for hem but oh well I still have adolfo ;D
I should be asleep, but this stupid bio project is keeping me awake. .-.
'The Rock' is by far his best if you ask me. Plus Sean Connery, Ed Harris... Great cast.
Strong week for the Mavs. Cranking out hard fought W's even in an injury riddled year.
Despite the fact that it's an utter cheese-fest, I'm kind of addicted to "Ringer." The intrigue! The plot twists! The shoes!
I always work Mon -Fri and report in the 11pm newscast. I had to stay late tonight to get fans reax to Caps game. I'm tired.
Mark Bartolomeo, #Verizon, nicely summarizes what #LEFEP calls the Janus paradox: innovation vs. security; integration vs. agility
yea I mean she was prob like "shoot my chapters not as great as GK" so just jealou
The one who pursues revenge should dig two graves. -Chinese Proverb
the kids tell their story and experience the best! They have so much insight and they will push for a better society
A-STATE FANS: Did you know: The grass hills inside the stadium will be open for the fans to sit for the first time in school history
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Would you like to come back to my place? My mom won't mind........
Check out WWW.therisinghollywood.com for our discount code...
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, the Norfolk newspaper Day-Book expressed concern over the increased drinking habits of CSA officers...
of course it's big talk--you guys didn't even get a SINGLE run!
so it's because he's not cleared, thats the only reason..??
Google: Non-branded keywords are more important than branded.
That last twitcast was Tom Morello et al at The Woody Guthrie Centennial Concert bringing down the house at Club Nokia. Awesome stuff!
huh, I don't quite get it, but I'm listening! We should talk more, oh wise creative idea guy;)
I only cheer this girl on because her name is Carol. Lol favoritism
Big drinkers need big knives.
vouchers should be one of the options. Takes a strong mayor to bring people together.
GROWL pay walls GRR no access even through UIUC libraries BOO the 3/5 publishers of 30 yr old articles on Rancho La Brea
That, sir, is why you make the big bucks. A day at HQ for our 10,000th follower!
My Eyes have been rolled lol RT When I hear that special tune go off on my iPhone, and I know it's him. >>>>>
My job here in Afghanistan reminds me of a job I had 13 years ago. I still enjoy it, but I wouldn't be the person I am if I hadn't left it.
1st day of a new semester is much different when all your classes are online. What courses are other #libraryschool people taking this fall?
Distil is the perfect place to warm up, enjoy delicious food and experience unbelievable cocktails! Plus tonight we have Live Music!
White frames With Black Ears.
Hey alejandro-stop callin stop callin, I don't wanna think anymore bc u can't read my poker face!! LADY GAGA TONIGHT!!!! Be jealous!!
Well I finally have made my decision for American Idol....SHANNON MAGRANE!!
There will be friendships lost this week. Haha. This is going to be the longest week ever. #Cats/Cards
I haven't powered up my desktop since college ('08). I just might take a peek this week, thanks to you. Kinda scary!
nothing visible, no flames or smoke plume, no way to direct them to a place, just smells
Brooksie will always refer to Brooks Robinson
Watching Meet the Press & this #GOP hype makes me sick. Bye, bye, #NBC #Meetthepress I hate yellow journalism, Change your name to FauxNews!
This week at Disco Volante #Oakland our special guest will be LaTiDo featuring Edgardo Cambon from Uruguay
Awesome children's librarians at Central. Spent the day asking loads of questions. Really should have gone to bed early last night.
u r cruel.
#ouch #sorry #i #fell #asleep #on #u!
LA UP.
Good morning starshine the earth says hello.
Just seen a man on a horse going down cermak.
I like to picture jesus in a tuxedo t-shirt, because it's formal, but it says 'i'm here to party.'
Low Carbon Economy = Economic Growth, Break the Cycle,banks deleveraging by $2.6tn -...
hello all my twitter follow me!
Well watching hockey can be very busy Sometimes especially when one team u like plays at 7est/5mst and the other plays at 7 or sometimes 8
Representing at the Metro Atlanta Chamber event. A great place for business leaders to #network!
what you need to do is write a song about a guy who always ends up in the friend zone with a woman. Call it just friends
Dear heart, why you gotta break? He's just a boy.
Music, the greatest good that mortals know, and all of heaven we have below.
I love cookies.
Woah! Who is it?
Welcome to all the new realtors who have recently joined our fan page!
writing up an agreement but thanks for the warning. I'm not a fly by your seat kind of person so I will be fine. Thanks.
Had a lot if fun with you all this morning. Tomorrow I'll bring more Drake tickets with to the show if you promise to listen.
u dont have a work boo?
The #Bravo 'hold your tongue' commercial is spot on! Looking forward to your new talking show!
your tje kid kid <U+E409>
Journalists are going to town on headlines today via ESPN "World Peace is Suspended for 7" oh no!
hahahaha nah I talk to you on twitter everyday I don't look at you like a complete stranger. I was just really busy.
I wish you were there, too!! But will definitely send hugs and raise a mug to you!! :) xoxo
Bob Uecker is one of the reasons I'll always be happy listening to baseball on the radio. His donut rant just made my afternoon.
#bieberdeservesrespect he does everything he can to help others!
Ugh, fine. I'll watch the Hunger games on opening day in a Turrell designed private home screening room. If I have to...
Monday night is Service industry Night 9pm-close 30% off EVERYTHING for service industry workers
Violence is the way stupid people try to level the playing field.
come visit Providence, where all things mafia are in our (rather recent) roots
#ImThatPersonWho Says what i feel.
I'd recommend trying out the vivobarefoot shoe line. I use to like vibrams, but now i'm a hardcore vivobarefoot dude
per month!
The biggest lie I tell myself is “I don’t need to write that down, I’ll remember it!" Anyone else?
congrats!! We know first hand what a great volunteer you are!
oh I wasn't complaining about the call. you call what you have to call. complaining about Pouliot taking dumb risks.
Teaching on 'The Heart of Worship' & 'Worship 101' today here in beautiful Rio Grande, Ohio!
The U.S. wins Group C. And the longest match in Wimbledon history still has no winner! Now, I can finally get back to writing.
Tomorrow is the last day to vote for your favorite Top 9 Moments!! Go to www.top9moments.com to cast your vote today!
Do you follow ? That's the Friends of the Soldiers Home, a new community group dedicated to the Armed Forces Retirement Home
right back to you
lol it was about wardrobe and I am...
So shot right now. This drive hung over is shit lookin forward to the dboy after these appts.
is there a white report or document that talk about this. you could write a commentary about subject that could be in #S4PM www
I am impressed with the amount of media coverage Americans Elect is getting....being a total failure is good publicity!
Peace and love everyone, thank God for another day
I'm sort of in the same situation weighing my happiness versus more money. For me, I would rather be happy.
Enjoy eFacialMasks.com's special promotion: Complimentary GROUND shipping on all orders $149.99 & more for orders within the 48 US states.
: I shoot Nikon!
i went to buy some panda expree it soo yummy (:
Glad Whitney is back. Bring on the flow!!!
Yeah, I think shit's gonna start going down about 3:30 or so. The helicopters are loud. Homeland Security has lots of SUVs
The Class of 2012= an incredible group of people with huge hearts. You're all going to be dearly missed. Best of luck in changing the world
#BossLadyBoost: man's own good breeding is the best security against other people's ill manners. -Lord Chesterfield
you go girl!!!
Entenmann's chocolate doughnut dunked in ice cold milk ...
Today is the vernal equinox. Do something celebratory.
&US media would be all over it.But since he is innocent, US ignores.When will u talk about this?
Well Louisville will be destroying UK in football, but next years basketball game is going to be
Damn, is on my Netflix. Kids watching old Shark Weeks and there's Matt jabbering at me in HD.
You're invited to the Steeltown FILM FACTORY'S panel discussion from industry professionals and the staged readings of our 10 finalists!
our first #OpOliver 5k was a success thanks to YOU. We love you and will keep running with #TeamMCVET! So incredibly grateful
So tired...but still want to drink my wine and finish watching Water for Elephants.
thanks. Love :)
An incredible performance tonight by the Texas keeper. The Horns came so, so close. In the game all the way thanks to Gaul's saves.
Watching The High to Low Project with Great idea! This show is exactly what I try to do with all my Redesign clients. Love it!
Sunday I'll b apart of #CENATION n always will b. we gt yo back, ima b like Fuck Sunday ima tweet it right b4 yaw match.
when are they airing GUTS and The Legend of the Hidden Temple? Two FAVORITE shows.
it would depend. Were they local? ; )
Classroom time is spent dealing with the problems students are having. Homework happens in class.
they could change their name to thievingvulture
Hey BFF , how was your program today. Sorry I couldn't make it !!!!!!
girl power!
Blake is too damn hot tonight.
oh hey sry I didn't see this until now haha. I'll make sure to tell him :)
Grandma called. Birthday: complete
Looking to move so I am applying to 2 jobs a day. Fingers crossed and resume updated!
I want a baby wolf...
": I lied tomorrow is not birthday but bday #whoop whoop <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>"<---yes ma'am!!
I can't wait to see my nephews tomorrow, totally keeping me going right!
Looking for talkback panel participants for "Bully" on 5/5-Caroline Tucker from News8 will be moderating-send your ideas! Thanks!
Hello, I'm Bella, How are you?
Volunteered for #StMary's food bank for #RJReynolds "United Ways of Giving" feels good to
GOOD LUCK CCLAX!! and the rest of the
Houston, TX and Lafayette, LA stand up!!! We everywhere, u never there!!!
very disappointed to learn united suspending flights from
I want to go outside but I don't want to interact with my neighbor.
The Award for Innovative Leadership goes to Jane Lang and Paul Sprenger!
Falling in love and getting hit by a train is kinda the same.
Lol.....without saying much....I agree with you lol
Hey , have you decided your TV sked for today/this week? Have you decided to share with us yet? :-)
#ThingsIDislike when my gum falls out of my mouth because in laughing too hard
What's in an Innovator's DNA? Questioning, Networking, Observing, Experimenting.
Need a Massage & a Good Sleep #Drain.d 4 the weekend
OMG dinner was ah-maze-ing!!
Need creative fundraiser / earning commissions $$? See change change in District 7! www.votehenrybrim.com
Love my senior girls so much. Last night was so much fun!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> #dontleave <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
“: RT if you always skip the first piece of bread.”
Really wishing would text me back :(
Buy an Egg Sandwich and enjoy a free 12oz Latte! Offer valid all day, every day until 10/31.
The "Oscars Outdoors" summer series looks neato. If the MTA gets that Orange Line extension up and running by then, I will definitely go!
The car adapter is a good idea! We have a little portable dvd player that helps on the trips we haved taken so far.
Best nightt eva! I <3 the so much!<3 I touched his pants & his hands & he sprayed champange all over the crowd<3.
so this must be that "butterflies" feeling people talk about.
When you walk with a friend or a dog on a saturday night it's fun...if you are alone you are drunk and/or sans car.
That said, I do like Kuric. Not better than Wiltjer, but he's good for Lville. Last night not withstanding.
OMFG I was already in a pissy mood, and now it seems that Connexion lost all my settings and macros. Grrrr
Interesting how the biggest issue in a presidential election year is the creation of things that are so ambiguous.
baseball games on consecutive nights for a football reporter? How does Great American Ballpark compare to Coors?
Twitter is the best invention in life.. I can bitch about stupid people and they will NEVER KNOW
These extra events are hard to promote, add little value and take away focus from real revenue opportunities.
hehe Carson (: its okay
It smells like a barbecue outside. I want to go!!!
Pacifica Quartet, Wigmore Hall, review: There's a strange, haunted quality about Shostakovich's music writes Iva..
I didn't know you were lady dating other people! I don't know how to feel.
Hot date with my bed. So pumped for tomorrow. #gonnabethebest with my Chelsea
Five year plan: be brave, be flexible, have a plan...
Lmao...I cannot & yes my name is Carla. Wait what's yours? Oh & hi Alli :-)
Lakeville North (Section 1) and Grand Rapids-Greenway (Section 7) earned Class 2A state tournament bids Thursday night.
- i would love to see some of the photos of #BmoreFail you mentioned you had taken! Have you posted them anywhere already?
The sound of this kid's voice makes my ovaries burst <3
The baddest is the future.
is working on a new website for Phone readings across America!!!
So many ways to interpret this and they all make me laugh. RT : If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor
There's been a Gronkowski sighting!
Favorite song (so far) from #casehistories: Mary Gauthier's Mercy.
The donations for our #RollsofLove Drive for keep rolling in! Thanks to all of you who are donating!!
Cant wait for the new season of#BBW .... Drama drama drama
Hell ya man, sick trick.
Easy dish
Bridal shoot today!
On way to San Jose, advisory board meeting at SJ Museum of Art. A 'hidden collections' grant project. SJSU interns will get some paid work!
We opened up the app for the UK! Would love to get some early adopters across the pond. ;-)
: You’re welcome! Enjoy the rest of your week!
why the break? you guys did a great job, i know how much work goes into this stuff! we'll miss you!
If Your "FRIEND" Know U Like somebody , why would she flirt with him? Hmm
Blessings to you and your bride!
Keep Following my New Back-Up
Per Congressional Budget Office report: From 1979-2007 the Top 1% Income Growth 264% , 6 times the growth rate of 40% for the 99%.
Been there, done that.
They racist as hell on Xbox Live..
I Wonder Who Came Up With All These Weed Names....
im polo down head to toe but what does dis shit matter towards the world Craig top flight security of the world Craig the world
Someone should invent heated car tires so when the roads are slippery the traffic on them will melt them <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095> <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Ok, thanks for telling me, Just followed back.
Daughter one is coming home tomorrow. Happy, happy happy!
Doing great! Hope you're well.
ask and you shall receive ;) #WeAreHomo!! Lol
yeh we can! And I bet there was, need to get me some;p & definitely lol
Preparing to watch new movie #RedState Time Warner HDVOD and I get it for 48 hours... Guess I know what I am doing tomorrow.
My Lord is Amazing <U+E41D>
Even though its Mother's Day i really don't feel like dealing with my family.
SMILErs - Safe travels & we'll C U @ the Host Chief's reception. Tuesday at 6 p.m. at XYZ. Thank you #SMILEcon Aloft Hotel
lol he feel the same way I do
ok but how cuz I'm new at this
Thanks Cassie, after being the Mad Hatter at Hoot-A-Ween I wasn't sure what to do. haha
Sounds like a very pleasant day! A spreadsheet is an excellent idea.
Happy Birthday, keep making good music!!
Had a week to get used to reader, and I still don't like the changes. It's a jumble of RSS w/ wildly different personalities.
The Bronco's offensive line is playing pretty good. Tebow has all kinds of time to pass or run.
Shrimp Salad on Croissant at St Paul Fish RT I don't like bagel sandwiches because everything squishes out when you bite it.
Hope you had a great Birthday!!
Is it lunch time yet? I can't take this!!
Bradley Cooper in talks for 'Paradise Lost' is the worst headline I've read in a long time.
Philly bound tonight!
Happy St Patty's Day!
Last pan of Scatch Home-made Banana Pudding SOLD!
Omg FAT BETTY. Amazing
Not one panel/pres. on English lit in Singapore, Malaysia or the Philippines at #mla12. Three rich & critical canons, completely ignored.
Morgan: The students were not that different from one institution to the next...they are free agent learners.
The Towering Mount McKinley – Denali, Alaska | AbsoluteVisit - The ...
Watched #JohnCarter yesterday. Not bad, not groundbreaking. Although I'd watch it over again just for Taylor Kitsch and Lynn Collins.
She said that i "look like a bitch" smh LOL you poor underprivileged,homeless shelter looking girl!
What is your biggest challenge?
It's a really good feeling when you start to feel your brand finally come together :)
See the amazing Michael Flowers' video mash-up tribute to Michael Jackson at www.filmflowers.com/live. He did it in 1 day & is still a noob.
Jacob Bell retiring makes sense & of course if my man was ready to leave the #NFL due 2 his health I would totally support him
just responded :)
If you haven't seen the new #Gurnee Holiday Inn, you need to get down here and see how amazing it looks!
Sox Park is on now in imagekind.com...just type in Pyka!
super crazy
Day 1 1017: emerging briefly from the trenches to dress my wounds and fortify my defenses. By which I mean "caffeine"
Congrats Jacqueline Kennedy for getting a SAG waiver on Joyful Noise - starring DOLLY PARTON AND QUEEN LATIFAH
mayfly? Wish I was there. :)
ok hon have a good sleep
ohh ok just wondering bc i saw a thing off craigslist lol
I think too much.
Maybe Buenos Aires
hope u got some!
ah I'll just wing it!
Party and bullsh*t and party and bullsh*t
"Ten Items or Less" line. Not sure why so many people can't count anymore these days.
Phew. Lot of writing crammed into such a tiny time window.
Coachella set attendance record this weekend. 80-85,000 people came out ()
please follow us!
$15 per class session for beginners & level 2 Private class $75 per hour per person Program cycle special for Beginners $75
If you need someone to tell you to stop worrying about something, from boys to tests, I'm here for you. It has been my job the last few days
#FIFA #WorldCup WEDNESDAY HUGE DAY for USA and ENGLAND, catch it all live @ KELLS - Simultaneous kick-offs @ 07:00 am. Don't miss it!
Happy Valentine's Day!
You inspire all of us, Justin. Thank you for a great 2011. Maybe this will be my year to meet you...#NeverSayNever right? <3
#BottomlessCup, 2nite , Doors open 10pm to 3am, NEW FORMAT< NEW DJ's, best #Afterhours, club in Town, #HipHop,
Is it a Joke ? None of the state or federal Courts in Florida will even FOLLOW Tennessee v. Lane for Autistic disabled people.
feel like a pirate dashin through the raging seas.. going in to plunder arrrrrr!! Great!!! :)
Nice to hear, Empress. After all, if a land perfect enough to contain an Empress is troubled, what hope is there for ours?
yeah! Bromfield was my school when you guys came. I hosted your guys room. lol. I think her name started with a K
what do you look for in a guy? I don't look..because setting expectations, will only lead to disappointment. -Jay Von
Ok I'm officially tired I've been up since 6am,went to rummage sale, breakfast,and audition, work, and hung out with friends. I'm done!
Get your Black Friday party on tomorrow night "Little Black Dress Party" @ OTR
Heartbroken that Dick Clark passed away. He contributed so much to journalism, music & television, and has always been an inspiration. RIP
here in Little Havana we have a term for the likes of Ms. "Comemierda" she should look it up.
So how are you getting into work? I'm in Richardson and sometimes take Hillcrest but then I get on DNT at Forest.
dont you love crying at school
Have fun! Tweet us good stories through out the night... If your hungover in the morning we apologise in advance :)
are you trying to make me cry Austy?!
LOL, I know exactly which interview you mean.
If I get fired...well
It does sound pretty incredible and different from anything else on the road.
And that howl would be the Ginna sirens being tested. Unsettling.
If weed is a drug then tomatoes are drugs, watermelons are drugs, shit anything that grows from the ground is a drug
Oh, no apology needed. I didn't mean to guilt you into following me again! Do as you please :)
hes too lame to even have a Twitter
Voting for Ron Paul today? Bring your Friends & Family and get them to vote with you!
A BIG thanks this year to for all of her work behind the scenes to make #BarCampTampa '11 successful!
Virginia Elite represented at the 2nd Annual Presidential Hoopfest
get 2 more jobs in the A.M and go to the main job in the P.M got to get some sleep
I'm trying to figure out how much tickets are...can you help me out?
what about tonight?
Have your assistant pick up some Raspberry Nectarine for you later today!!
Any cigar shops in Antioch?
whos lazy, I gotta job
#brutalhonesty im gonna jerk my dick off , cum , & knockout till I have worklol
Song Ideas? me please!
love that that was "sent from your iPad"
US #Spirits Volume Climbed 2.7% and Sales jumped about 4% to $19.92 billion in 2011 according to DISCUS.
my twitter is messed up. Text me tomorrow. Night
go to sleep. U can snack while u work. Lol
New movie coming soon... Shaw Dog Millionaire!
Want to save 20% on & ? Like Kastel International on Facebook for coupon. If you have it, what are you using it for?
Super belated thanks!!
YAY! RT : I must say is my fav theater, never ceases to disappoint. First Date was fun, acting & singing amazing!
this twiiter box sucks man...seriously why do we constantly fuc up perfectly good shyt...why! ha
Mother's Day is really an International Holiday on the grandest level. I suspect that almost all Salons around the country are booked.
Gravitational Marketing Duo: "Canadians are Americans but colder"
“: Thursday nite at Edibles! Yum!!!” Awesome, your paying us a visit :) and it's 2-4-1 drinks to boot !!!!
he followed you..
Facebook is acting up again tonight...won't let me upload an album, so here come the individual sunset photos we took tonight.
Thx Tho neither looks very menacing, I'd still stake my poet against a goucho anyday. The pen is mightier than the sword.
Cant wait to see u ballin in the NBA! My #Cavs could use your offensive rebounding skills!
I haven't talked to this kid in 3 years and he's callin me his baby ?
NeuroFocus is at the cross section of neuro science and marketing, but with broader application eg people with disabilities
you're the jam. hope you're well
So where is this snow they keep talking about? I hope I didn't just jinx myself...
It's weird hearing my ex-friend from HS call into the FMS when she used to rip me apart for my "alternative" friends/music preferences
That amazing moment when you find money in your clothes that you forgot was there.
A shout out to all the brave men and women who sacrificed for our great country. Thank you so much.
one of my favorite places on earth.
Disney World seems to be the most happy and complicated place to have fun on earth. LOL!
So who is available for a belated birthday drink with me Saturday night after work? :)
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you love Chicago ICONiacz!
hum handstands ? Clamping feet with boots on ?
man...bolting down that cold veggie burger right before a screen scraping demo for the bosses boss was an awesome idea
Awe boyfriend on new years. Socute<3
Many people sleep more restfully after receiving massage therapy. The benefit often continues several days after receiving massage therapy.
Yes panic at the disco fuck yeah :-)
You had me at hello,
This night blows
Check out my new twitter background
you guzzle more wieners than an asian at a hot dog eating contest #justkidding?
Loud & clear.
Urban Fashion Week Afterparty at Fuse! Sunday night from 9:oo pm until 2:00 am!
I'm leavin' so what's the point ?
RT : I'm Learning To Embrace My Hair More And More Everyday...
"It's not what we do once in a while that counts, but our consistent actions." - Actions <U+23E9> Decisions <U+23E9> Determine our Destiny.
I love your song #KeepHoldingOn <U+2665>
I cant even imagine how bad! How did it happen?!
Twitter really needs to improve their privacy function. seriously
Just gave up my corner suite for a Client. Rough.
computer reservation for customer. it's that time of day. oh, and men's key as i was typing this.
You're definitely right! My apologies. Looking forward to watching 2 great seniors, both on and off the court.
wants to expand SDPD RSVP program to help do supportive tasks to get more SDPD officers on the frontline
Also from "Head Off & Split": "Create a pleasure that can stir up the world." ~ Nikky Finney
Last gut decision I made? Moving to Seattle - and so far it's working out well. :)
”I've eat there.”
I love election days!
Value the people that value you!
No thanks needed ... you guys were awesome!
This guy has been a sperm donor for 3 yrs...& he has 70+ kids....DAAAAAAMMMN!
#ihatethatfeeling when i really like a boy and there my bestfriend and im being to shy to tell them and i dnt wanna mess something up :\
It's not the kids fault..is what came across my mind ...as I released bubba kush out my system...
Do it for sure! I'll be sure to say hi! :)
Acoustic versions of songs.
Bacon brittle and salty caramel marshmallows... just rocked my world!
In his defense, 18 year old's never listen. RT: Outgoing MSU guard Brandon Wood allegedly slapped an 18-year-old over the wekend.
What is a good Song for me to YouTube? I need a pick-me-up :)
- So this YMCA Basketball thing is still going down isn't it?
None of us are as good/smart as all of us
No man is an island. Build a network of heroes, models, mentors, peers, followers & an inner circle to support & hold you accountable.
What about Greek archaeology?
fuck yes it does... Km frozen fuck I can't type
The people who work for TSA are the same people who watch wheel of fortune religiously and still pay for things with change.
There's a #meteor shower tonight? Who wants to cruise around and find a good place to watch it?
I'm in the same spot (also considering Android options). Have no complaints about Blackberry other than potential lack of existence.
Nicole! Happy Holidays and a "Saucy" New Year!
No doubt you will be doing business like the champ you are tonight ;)
"I have one twit" ;)
Exactly how I feel. I'm floored.
Kelli Richmond- Very sad news to wake up to. You will be missed by many. Far, far too young.
thought it a noble failure but worth seeing
about time! johnedwards is on trial for using funds how are these people getting away with using their funds for booksigning?
Why this bitch keep staring ?
Someone tweet me (:
Has me ready to 86 someone ---> RT Oh your mad at me for doing that, but if you did It it would be okay..
MT : problem is more with publishers & senior historians. Younger historians' trouble is finding any publisher for true monographs.
Holy shit. #Shuttle just flew over my apartment building in NW #DC so low I could see the windows in the #shuttle and escort jets.
Thank you for letting us serve you !
we vote to start the diet on wednesday!
Gym time
One of them days
Thinking UFC 145 in Atlanta should get on to my calendar.
This is my 600th tweet.
Wouldn't they be just jeans at that point....RT : Size 12 and Up Skinny Jeans should be made illegal.
Get lunch. Car inspected. Oil changed. Horn fixed. Hair cut. AT&T store. Feed dogs. Truck washed and waxed.
Lol this road is closed and there's like no other way to get there
Blake wouldn't tweet or follow me even if i hijacked all the Bacardi, crystal light and sprite zero's on the planet.
Hope everyone has a wonderful Wednesday!
Had great weekend on Oahu!
OK not really!!Haha!:) just focus on the face,haha!And OHH MY GOSH nice get up you have there for dinner, love it, so stylish!~~:)
7-Eleven coming to Milwaukee. Oh, Big Gulps, eh? Welp, see ya later!
Know where your emergency exits are, keeping in mind they might be behind you.
Do you watch vampire diaries???
Nothin like havein to go to work an hour after u wake up!
Trying on outfits for tonight ! Booty shorts, tanktop, & jacket?
guys can you please give me a shoutout and i promise ill give you one ? <3
Hey, have you read James Hynes' NEXT? Pretty accurate depiction of Austin from a narrator considering a move here from MI. Familiar?
": Troops are coming home, yay #obama" #obama2012 building the economy and strength thru peace
Killeen: Hope for EarthCube: an emporium of ideas. "If you come, we will build/fund it."
Worked out some jokes at Ace Hotel. Thanks for the most fun and ETHNIC mic. 3 other Asian girl comics, really? That's a first
Happy Holidays from the AppleTekGuru Family!
,if you notice me tonight..tomorrow in school i will run down yelling "I LOVE SAM ALBERT". pinky promise <3
Today has sucked so far and I have so much to do in the next 4 hours. Boo.
That's Fine You Can Text Every Other Niggah But Not Yaaah G____ /:
Since Marcus Bachmann has parents from Switzerland, *theoretically* The EuroConnect would extend him a networking invite. Ain't gonna happen
...And I thought you were of Mediterranean descent.
The good thing about shopping with my dad- saying please gets me almost anything.
If so many #hoarders can find love, maybe there's still hope for me after all.
Did you know... We are having multiple offers on homes? Lots of buyers...not enough sellers!
problems in nyc?
BREAKING: Ovechkin's linemates all play for the Washington Capitals.
the situation on that woman's chest should get a equally gay name like maybe the deal haha you could come up with better
HOW DO PRODUCERS SUBMIT BEATZ 2 YA?
And the owners are so gretty
Females I can live without: Sarah Palin, Kim Kardashian, Nancy Grace, Justin Beiber
That awkward moment where you walk in on your roommate getting it in ... In your bed x__x
Whatever you'll be doing in Missouri... Count me in. It's drivable from my part of the world.
Had a great gig at the NKC Community Center. We'll see everybody at Wednesday's rehearsal.
sure thing no problem :)
Wunderlich phrase of the day: "fine wine fallacy" of cost & quality in #highered. Time for models for dist & dev of $6 bottles of
probably next time
good point
UND wins #WCHA final. If its not the #Badgers I'm ok with UND.
120 days til college football begins! "Like" this post if you wish it were sooner! #soexcited!
I wonder how did on the links yesterday-- Can't wait to see him later in the week.
Alicia, things happen for reasons. 2012 is here! TREASURE EVERY DAY!
I Cried When I saw Never Say Never <3
Welcome new followers: , and
she needs to stick her head up her ass & die
Its a real good feeling knowing that I INSPIRED "E" but he eventually ended up INSPIRING me more R.I.P DJ WHODIE
and that is tha truth!
Say you're sick one more time. No one cares, Christina.
well you rock it! It's been fun digging through my closet and adapting things for the bump. Due three weeks from tomorrow!
Its been a crazy 3 months for me and twitter is so retro I always wanna have sumthg to talk about worth tweetin but I dont care ima tweet
Oh, and start getting used to it, Momma!!
Mob Barley and Me
sorry he Brat me in and the brysgolav got borrd
That blog error is brand new. Thanks for bringing it to my attention. I'm on it!
can't stop won't stop
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a scam
My alma matter, Marquette is taking over in repping your word for the past two days. #BUMS. That first half sucked.
those are already filtered
gotta get a win today
You're welcome! Thanks for the mention! I hope you two have a
#WillowGlen Creamery should do great at their new loc. Folks are buying ice cream at Powells and bringing it to WG Twn Ctr to eat @ fountain
A Pew Research Center study found that only 42 percent of Americans knew most of their neighbors.
Girl YES! No holding back.
Inception was absolutely spectacular other then the part where I had to sleep last night...... Dreaming is gonna be rough for a little while
how are you at a fried chicken place at 8am?
now for a mini road trip :)
Why is it that every shorts you see are made to show your crotch? Everything seems to be getting slutier and slutier! Idk about you but,
Thank you for the invite and we will! - WPLinc
oh duh, you said adopted. Well, same principle as taking adoptive parents' name.
i think mikey just got away with huge bluff. maybe set though....
Good PR advice!
I am totally following and loving you in a non-creepy way! PS Yay Yankees and Boo your gambling problem. Xo
A dance for diabetes project! :D
Did we just get jacket raped? Plaid man?
Seriously when i walked in the door my dad asked why i smell like pot. I didnt even smoke -___-
The fact that I will be in Miami 72 house from this moment is everything....
Thanks! Great to be back in Wisconsin. Haven't lived here since about a year after Carroll ~ '03.
I want you to be happy, but I want to be the reason.
I'm more pissed the browns couldn't pay 15 mil for 4 years of michael bush. Dude was a beast last year with McFadden out.
Hahah awesome!! :)) Hey Jose!! How are you doing today?
On the way to see Jackson Browne at the Minnesota State Fair
Good morning fellow twits. Another gloomy day at Bertuccis had a great time yesturday. Today is Freddy's last day until vacation. Yeah!! ...
Canoed today. Have a monkey bead in my dreads. And as always.... I like piña colodas!!!!!
pull a and ride your bike to work! Haha
Me! Little kids at home makes it a nice thing. Are you saying I'm behind the times?
another day, another dollar. tweaking bits and building a backyard site plan.
arent you a lucky duck
no,we were cleaning the living room&kitchen and stuff!lol
you guys were honestly the best performance last night!<3 Couldn't be any prouder! Never again in the bottom 2!
Don't scare me like that so early in the morning. ;)
We think there are issues with a #tarot reader reading for health questions - how best might a question on this issue be phrased?
We will see when judgement day happens...
We have msn?
Some of these fireworks sound like firearms ...
SORRY. I have a press thing tomorrow and I'm getting ready.
Thanks so much Laura! <3
thanks! Got lucky & ended up on a rooftop at sunset time. The sky was crazy colors!
Glad you liked it. Send us your favorite pixs and next time we can create a bottle for you.
today in resource someone was after me. and me and my friend were trying to get away from her. but she got us...
And an awesome job
Digital Online Version www.ItsYourHomeTrinity.com. All about the people and businesses that make Trinity/Odessa so wonderful!
Thank you for following us! LOVE your crepes and waffles!
Is that a swarm of bees in the square gym? Nah- it's just my buzzins getting ready for that '12-'13 season.
Red Cross needs Type O negative blood in Mo. Less than one day's supply.
Current pet peeve: when girls wear a belt solely to make their short dress even shorter.
#Film Great job with Young Directors night this past weekend. Some real talented #newcomers!
lov disappears to easly try not let it go once uve got it
Already have tickets to Gm 3.
Love is everywhere this morning.RT : Settle down Don Johnson. Tami likes you both
Finally got Lady Borton's _After Sorrow_ via Interlibrary Loan. Beautifully written. Thanks for the recommendation!
Got a new tee up to bat! Coming soon..... #Order & #Chaos series! Stay tuned!
I ended up switching back to the Donut Shop ones. A little smoother taste.
Love you, Keebler. I'll visit soon.
I've been told I'm annoying about gun safety.... I'll take that as a compliment
Sorry. Missed your reply. And yes, you are correct. Will DM you the password to #CovertTU!
www.risenmagazine.com: Speech of Arrested Development found something worth rapping about and The Hunchback of Notre Dame with a twist
Tried to establish contact with John once, but he made it very clear he wasn't interested.
When told me he was loading up on the Cards +9 today I told him I'll take half. I love Louisville so much, I bleed red.
- Wonder what its gone be like when I get tew skewl..... :|
btw what is that profile picture?
Big game here. Let's go
Is your website down?
come out and join!
8:31am and three more job apps out into the world! Now to grade grade and grade some more.
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
Congrats! RT I just got an MBE Property question right by clicking on the wrong button. Way to inspire confidence
lolol nothing's wrong at all. I could have slept for an hour hahahah it's okay tho I'm bout to eat kabobs for lunch!
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
next to Shades in OB @ 5083 Santa Monica today 9am-4pm. Visit booth & sign up free registration & 30 min free drive time.
LOL, well at least we both got a laugh.
Can I personally blow up #Big10 sports?
or not working :-)
Are you the chess player or the chess piece?
at wrk bored as usual
Duck running back LaMichael James has filed paperwork with the NFL to enter the 2012 NFL Draft.
I would but Twitter would delete me
just spreading the love! Have a great weekend Nick!
Man a nigga got fucked up today n I wasn't alone!!
“:KC home brewers: If you bring a bottle of your beer to , you get a free (local, homemade) sausage.” time to brew!
If you need a laugh, don't look to for it.
Big S/O to for all your support. Thank You.
Perhaps we could open the invites up to more degrees of friendship. Ew, strangers. Yuck.
it was something i saw on a coupon.
thank u Katie!
It is the loving, not the loved, woman who feels loveable.
what y'all cook today
Tune into local news to catch some interviews with Kevin. Thanks to , , and for coming out!
thanks. I'm actually trying to get in touch with him
my momma doe that too!
No client calls during the middle of my hot and sour soup tonight, plz? Kthx!
Now watching wieners circle. Omg why did noone tell me this show existed??
Another storm? Bring It!
A big welcome to our new followers!
nothing regarding admissions tax has been voted on or discussed yet.
Sounds good, thanks for the update!!
Meet you in Aisle 11 tomorrow.
Playing Basketball iN Slides...
Best of luck on your tour!!!
"...and I called my parents right after I was done." I could go on forever! It's pure gold!
Breaking news: Missy Elliott lives on this street
Moms are not always right...Just gotta prove her wrong!
True RT : you need to get to get a new avi. the egg is not a good look!
Heyy! Long time, no talk! We will be meeting at the airport in MEL. Not sure which one, but Jally knows.
Thanks for following me and u dnt have to worry about me blowing your dm up lmao
What if I said I wanted to cut my hair shorter again.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
For a limited time, Banana Pudding Milkshakes are being served at Chick-fil-A at Arden Fair!
My new fav to follow is I'm a fan! If you love God, love to laugh, and love football.
Finally got some sleep fuck yeah
Second to last Day of School #BestFeelingEverrrrr <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
wonder if recent events triggered that poll...
remember ol dude told you he was gonna deep throat yo pussy LMMFAO !
You got me laughing RT : I do NOT want all the excuses to start with the "If so and so played we woulda won". Please don't do it.
#1DQuotes baby u light up my works like nobody else the way that u flip ur hair gets me overwhelmed but when u smile at the ground. RT <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> 1D
sounded good and really liked what you said in the Seau piece
So I got hacked. My apologies if anyone received some crappy "Work From Home" tweets from me yesterday.
Maybe we could get separate booths and just tweet back and forth.
It is so beautiful to honor so many cultures, relationships, and materials
Ordering stuff tomorrow!(:
Once I hit 50 followers I'll be giving a random follower their choice of 1 FREE #soap, body butter, sugar cube scrub or lip balm! Please RT!
Baseball season <3
Too bad that's not funny
: you would.
Hollywood makes everything in 3D!! Fuck that ! Make some 3D porn! Titties and ass coming at cha !! I'm ducking for the dick shots !
please see email. Thank you
Tell me I'm a screwed up mess, that I never listen listen. Tell me you don't want my kiss, that you need your distance distance.
phone tag
I am running a leaked version of 4.0 stock and I must say I am liking TW over CM9.
my pleasure
Good Morning! LIFE IS 2 SHORT SO LAUGH INSANELY LUV TRULY & 4GIVE QUICKLY....
¡Gracias! Happens to be my fav job! “: Happy Mother's Day to all of you moms! You all have the hardest job of them all, respect!”
#lux fire is out.
happy almost 16th birthday lindsey :) Love ya girl.
Listening to the Peyton Manning, decision on the radio!
Cool, thanks!
JR Smith isn't a real Yankee
i don't think so, but i'm glad you are brother!
your moms food is way better!!
Sure thing. Send us a DM with your email address. Thanks for your interest.
yeah, Tonks would regulate. She's terrifying.
Bless You!
Have Fun!<3
RT : Thank god there will be world clash 2012, give thanks
yea if I'm invited to do so I will......
Week 16: Sun. Dec. 23 @ HOME vs. New York Giants (1pm)
when everyone else probably thinks i'm dumb
Thinking about kids..I want a daughter so bad...Spencer Leigh :)
great meeting with #Matt Keiser and #Jason Oates from #Live Intent. Cool business trying to solve advertising within email..
My fat ass is now the big fat bitch who holds the purses n da club..welcome to la
stop this madness
I'm thinking a lowkey bbq for Tuesday's bulls game... byob... start summer a little early.
bring me some! And a bag of BBQ grippos please <U+263A>
Just got into Manhatten. Not much evidence that a hurricane blew through here yesterday.
Thanks so much for the RT!
Alternately, pillars, planks, uprights?
Foxit(R) Launches Group Policy Support in Enterprise PDF Reader
Slow metabolism? Pu-er tea is known to balance the body’s systems & stimulate a more functional metabolism.
Make me One
can anyone make a tiny chat?
Our own Associate Director Joe Lampert & Graduate Teaching Fellow Xaver Neumeyer are headed to #CIRTLForum next week.
RT this if you see it maybe this time i"ll actually get noticed by you :D i mean it, if you see this RT it! dont skip by it ;)
wow...just turned on ESPN 2 and they are breaking down Tim Tebow getting a "mani-pedi" in Hollywood...that's sad
#astd10 challenge remains adoption and adapting and doing that more quickly and then more quickly.
#OneOfTheseDays Wicked Carnival will be world wide
i love twitter too. i'm love talking to you guys!
my son doesn't understand what the word sleep means at night! he's so cranky tonight!
hey where can I download some J-Pop? I need some Japanese awesomeness.
RT : It's the 150th anniv. of the 1st Civil War battle west of the Miss., in Wilson's Creek MO. has the story:...
Watching las caballeras perform (side saddle horse riding)and this dude walk up and goes, "Oh! This shit is like The Three Amigos!".
As of today, we've been able to reach 128,433 women & kids for our One in a Million Campaign (one.medicalteams.org)! Thanks for the support!
Im going to change my pic.
Thank you #Breitbart for #BigHollywood #Big Journalism
Talk about your own mistakes before criticizing the other person. ~ Dale Carnegie
is everyone alive?
cause DJ Casper is putting it down for Hurricane Irene a la Katrina.
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould open a shelter for battered women, children and animals. Then they can all take care of each other! I'll bake brownies
looks like he has some pretty sharp teeth...can't wait to hit the floor!
we think Kyle Kolich started strong. Cross fit profits from the publicity.
erm your fan one :)
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Antron Smith °Rising 7th °Myrtle, SC °Travel Team: Shooting Guard °Point Guard 5’5
a woman sitting near me at caribou coffee is giving pointers about how to be a shaman to her protege
I do!
is AWESOME!!!
Big things are planned for ESBC IV 2013
lowes got some raggedy equipment...
Enjoyed in Treasure Island, looks like a lot of fun was ad' makin' it
#thingsiverealized even best friends will stab you if they have the chance
Go to chanel 42 He's on NOW
Starving somebody needs to bring me something to eat
“: #VeryElderyButts”Eli is amazing.
i txt my best friend but her uqly self aint txt me back .
"Behold the turtle, he makes progress only when he sticks his neck out." -Bruce Levin
This ethics class though...
my favorite is all of the xmans
First off: ROFL. Secondly, what it "I'm All Out of Love" he was blasting in the middle life crisis car?
I DO NOT APPROVE! Lol you gotta wear real hockey skates to be legit :)
ur a boy or girl
simply, thank you.
What I hope that people will take away from my research into psychopathy is enough knowledge to arm themselves against them. Essential info.
I give too much
Always just one step ahead of cancer, fuck you cancer, catch me if you can..
Brian Massumi: Writing is never linear -- It's about managing nonlinearity.
Great concert tonight. Thank you New York! And we're out.
You were right. did move. I wish i could have met him first.
Well, a tuxedo cat is certainly a special creature, after all!
how?:o
Not everyone stays in your life forever. That's the worst. Awful day.
kudos to working out though :)
what are those loafers that are in your "decision" picture.. are they for women?
God this weather sucks. So just want to be home relaxing
Why can't we be best friends?
very good, but I have Lots of thinking and praying to do over the next few weeks.
awesome :D<3
I will look forward to your blogs/presos about it! It's great to learn from folks like you who have large scale audiences.
Welcome to new followers and thank you!
If he is stupid enough to walk away, be smart enough to let him walk away :)
its official, i hate my school so much.
Although my son was just trying to stay warm, I immediately thought about Trayvon Martin.
Did U like Cars? I hated the 1st movie I thought it was horrible and boring.
the summer nights go something like this: skunk - outside apartment - sprays almost every night - YUCK... know any skunk deterrents?
We R EXCITED to welcome #BabyBashBling. YES we will have some dads 'ripping' the runway during the Spring Expo!
That "im gonna rape you" look that caitlyn gives me daily.
I wannnnnnaaaaa fuck yo let u see my switch u #chock pull ur #hair GodsGirl777
I've now learned that there's a approx. 20 minutes from my place...I'm incredibly happy.
... Kidd Kraddick who got the shirt as a gift & put it on his Facebook page. 425,000 followers spread it like crazy. Love it!
Considering the U.S. Constitution to be a living document is what's causing us to die as a nation!
I'll try to get it. Thank you! See my DM
. OTL Ques: Should Fl A&M marching band be disbanded following hazing death? <-- yes. We'd have shut down a fraternity for same.
Cheer practice....then Drake concert!!!!! So excited!! <3
CONGRATS!!! break a leg
I'd play San Fran for sure if big ben doesn't play
well what week then? i'll be in florida the 12th through the 19th!!
I still miss you..<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
the question is why not
Survived all three days of the hunger games....aka
congrats man. How long did it take? I'm in a #BiggestLoser competition right now myself.
What are they scared of? We have never heard someone in the audience tell us to turn it down.
Henry cities honored for recreational opportunities
lmao, this is like the best conversation I have ever had. :d but I have to go. Talk to you tomorrow. :) blame it on Niaaall.
Timing works for the #foodtruckforecast today. A slowed cool front prevents the chance for showers until later this afternoon/eve.
lol yea for a little while
SOS. Steelers. In. Trouble. Ravens. Showed. Up.
How's Peabody treating u? I'm thinking about applying there to get a Music Ed degree.
Had more fun with you...thanks for coming. You're always supportive. GREAT FRIEND...love ya chick...did i get you a drink?
yep you rite I quit have a great life
Today's magic relationship word is OPENESS
Omg me & named one of my sisters twins :) ..... Mason & Matty
Listen to on this Saturday @ 10am and Sunday @ 8pm. This week's special guest is
Love when a client's 1st experience in a custom suit is a perfect fit and they marvel at how slim it makes them look! Houston
From the #PeachJam Houston Hoops lose to All Ohio 73-69
I am at the unveiling of the new Mural on the Barclay School. Drive by 29th and Barclay (mural on Barclay) ..it is awesome!
Ive missed you too !!! So good to see your beautiful face!
I feel like I haven't posted anything happy on here in a while
I'm kind of glad I found you instead...Help me get Rashida onto Twitter...Reward: $1.00 lol
some random Person Jimmy kimmel was following thats really funny. Maybe she does stand up or something
Logical processing functions can be carried out with the use of logic ...
So gr8 meeting you Karen! Thanks so much 4 all you do :-)
This Newtonism commercial.
My wife just asked me if Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and D'Artagnan play for the Xavier Musketeers. It made me laugh.
is playing the worlds hardest game.
Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life; whoever does not OBEY the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God remains on him Jn 3:36
2 weeks from today we are moving to Destin Florida where I can sit along the ocean.
But already, the LED hoop's proved useful. Got two tiny children to go to bed by prteneding it was a spaceship in the dark.
Sweet, I just got here about an hour ago! See you soon:-D
true true
That's cool..
best wishes for you on tour. gonna have to fedx u a shirt the printer is lagging! sorry buddy :/
She is not some one to deal with she slams he cabnets and stuff all the time lets her grandchild run around pressing the doorbells
i know i'm a couple minutes behind, but WHOA! now i see why ben kept courtney around. she looks so similar to his sister. WEIRD!!!
No! Thou art not! Sorry, I just saw this! :) I mean, *I* can't drive the whole way next week, and I don't even have kids...
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Some Googlers Don 't Want Their Kids Using Google Products
aww thanks lol.I like want to thank you like for telling me happy birthday like today hahahahahaha
hey fabulous booty
all i wanna do is let it be & be with you, and watch the wind blow by.
hey check your work email! :)
thank you for investing in NYC's great art institutions.
- Naw it's 2-1 if their down 3-1 I'll panic until then......I'm cooler than a fan
It's so sad.. I prefer to sleep on couch than my own bed
In nerdy nirvana. Teaching myself AJAX.
I'll tell you the truth if no one else will that even in the moments you want to be most sure of yourself, you will have every inch of doubt
“dear GDA staff, just in case SJ doesnt win today, dont be surpised to see lightsticks flying at you. i hope for your safety. dont get hit!”
ends The Big REad today at 3pm, last showing of To Kill a Mockingbird! Stage Aurora (904) 765-7373. Great crowd last night.
My god it is a beautiful day in
true..i work w/ old people &u can identify the bitter ones when they were younger they are the grumpiest and saddest too..
so thankful for my wife and my life today. The Lord is FAITHFUL!!
I love turning up my GUCCI hella loud when an Asian comes walking pass my window ahahahhaahha they be looking around like "da fuckkk????"
RT : Giveaway! RT by 3PM EST to WIN a meet and greet w/ on the TIGI bus + 2 tix to
I'm realizing I have not nearly enough angry songs on iTunes
got you :)
hey thanks for the follow! you should def. check out our music :)
Pure torture! RT : my god there is annoying mets fan behind home plate. Im watching on tv and he's getting to me
Have a great time this week. We'll be thinking of you. Maybe even fondly :)
People are just Animals with free will..!
Tell me more.
Awake and energized. Thank you M O N S T E R :D
Fun reminder today, "you're an ideas girl, w/ some damn good ideas. STOP BLOODY GIVING THEM AWAY FOR FREE" I just get excited sometimes lol
AAVG ask thinning... keep on radar for company update.... hearing this week....
man eye shoulda been there! Didn't know temple jumped like that
If a girl is silent, it's dangerous. They're either: about to blow up, need a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
And another Brad Pitt movie?
Rt : I know but he'll be back :) Glad I could make you laugh :)
Twitter > Facebook....Retweet if you think so too
living a dream not mine but someones. How's tricks anyway mate. Any plans to come stateside this year?
check out -- dude is a beast!!
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
The scary part is, I don't know the severity of my comp just deciding to turn off. I'm thinking it over heated.
Find Wooly in the arena right now and say the phrase "Coyle". First to do so - sweet keepsake!
Note to everyone... It's perfectly ok to be a virgin.
So who is doing Bootcamp next week?
We accept: 1. Children's health insurance, SoonerCare/Medicaid. 2. Cash 3. Checks 4. We do not accept insurance at thist time.
It's a long way to the top if you want to rock and roll.
Thanks for posting this peaceful morning shot, that I am enjoying with my coffee.
yes to the yes
dude , why don't you support audio copy and paste. love your app, but I don't use it because it doesn't play well with others.
Key word is cheeseburger.
off to the sister, Caitlin's, wedding~!
A little known fact... You do not need to comply with an officer's request to take field sobriety tests or preliminary alcohol screenings.
our natual element is water we have something in common i think faith is tryna tell us something (zendaya's line)
lol it's cool
just reminder Bubba knows hockey & the guy needs to cover the back door player
Just got done watching Ichii The Killer. Excellent movie, I would highly recommend.
I LOVE that the refs are letting these guys play physically. Makes the game SO MUCH BETTER.
Michigan State is trending, hell yes! 30 minutes away from the Rose Bowl baby!! #MSU 29 Wisconsin 21 at the half - GO GREEN!
Who do ya'll have in #NBASLAM contest
; you've been nothing but amazing & I'll never take that forgranted..
Sound Advice: Using a digital camera as a camcorder - Contra Costa Times
TOO MUCH CUTE FOR A WEDNESDAY MORNING. What a good song and vid and puppy.
The crowd chants "holy shit" as Younger recovers and limps to the backstage area.
My mentions are dead tweet me before I crash I haven't been asleep in 24 hours
Holy crap, a name, a detailed overview of events...by golly I believe we have a film competition on our hands!
Amy, not rooting against him. But he doesn't have the killer instinct/intense need to win that MJ, Magic or Bird did.
TONIGHT WORKIN WOMENS WED'S INSIDE THE ALL NEW SWISS AND HOLDIN IT DOWN ALL NIGHT! DOORS OPEN AT 6!!!
Pow true shit when in a relationship don't do tbh's I see it. Smh. Shit gets real. My girl has every right to be pissed at me lol.
88 DEGREES I AM MELTING
Skechers' "Bobs" idea is such a knockoff of Tom's that I hope Tom's starts manufacturing crappier shoes and naming them "Sketchers"
Whoa! car Fire SB I-95 approaching I-895 south of Baltimore - two lefts blocked
I live alone. so.......maybe not so effective
Maybe Hamels forgot he's a NL pitcher & he's gotta face pitchers too...?
I know rite it's goin to be awesome
: I round down when shopping. Effective tool for decision making though not helpful in the log run.
Might go to the mall today so if ya wanna go, better come home right after school....
totally agree! Tired of Cailou!!
Its FRIDAY! Next Friday is the Denver Home Show. Call and mention TWITTER or Facebook and get 2 FREE tickets! That's a $22 value!
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
No hope for legislation. The real answer, as always, is #openaccess. Stop giving rights to intermediaries.
And people think I changed just cause my appeal has grown. That security follow me everywhere.
you remember Julie Hong (RA/CA) from CMU? Her brother is debuting with KPop boyband soon.
#ithoughtyoulookedgood i found out ur a stuck up dumbass :)
Happy Friday, !
The last of the family has almost left town. Debating this weekend's options. A. Local bar 5k B. a mud run or C. Hike in the Olympics.
I'd love to stay and party but I gotta go to work.
bummer...at least it's a nice enough morning to take in some rays ;)
Today was epic. Got a 10-pop popsicle maker for the freezer, five Mason jars (one w/a lid) & a tiki for $11.50. :D
Adorable really... Uhh last time I checked I wasn't three -.-
Been having a lot of fun with Instagram the last couple of weeks. Praying—likely in vain—that Zuck doesn't crap all over it.
WHOA Nikki and nas. Well I'm glad it wasn't Chris
Guys! This is no way to spend Super Tuesday, a.k.a. Straight White Guy Appreciation Day.
That's not an easy question 4 me to answer in 140. ;-D Most recently I was try to stir up some "trouble" tho LOL
I think it is AMAZINGLY funny that I retweet Myself on other twitters lmaooo
you going up with Friday?
Love God, love others.
Why the fuck can't i retweet 's shit
Thanks, Joe (which is my favorite name by the way). Looking forward to you reading my tweets.
When my best friend surprises me with Starbucks >>>>> God I love her!
Heading back home. Great #cloudfoundry event this week. Hard to believe how fast time flies when you are having fun!
Change is inevitable. Progress is optional.
next time we have to plan this out so I can take a flight out there lol
WOW. : New York Times' Pete Thamel just said on Dan Patrick Show that he could see Purdue beating Kansas in 3rd round
Work out tonight is gonna kick my ass!
#randomquestion Long or Short?
Theres just one person who can make my day by just smiling.
so they don't see the snakes????
So far every single person I know on #Facebook HATES the new changes. Not one positive thing to them. Can't sort by Recent - a real mess!
Do you know what mode you put your phone on when you need silence? LeBron James mode. Aka No Ring.
just made a album ft justin bieber trey songz tyga chris brown usher and more !
Dad is leaving in a couple hours :( won't see him until summer
Make that ass clap ~
Very interesting, thanks!
Go to be, sleepyhead. This Tweet is something you just read. #EllenRTme day 175
Shaquille O'neal's ex wife tries so hard to be relevant on her own show. It's sad really.
What the fudge! why the flip is my neighbor blasting vanilla ice #iceicebaby at 11:37am!?!
Balto Beer WEEK. RT Too bad I'm coming home to fast... It's Baltimore Beer Week!
Hi Bill! Idea of independent leg counsel came about bcs of concerns over City Attorney advising Ethics commission.
definitely yeah! Its my fave show! You guys have to come back for another season!
Today is World Parkinson's Day. Let us know what you're doing to raise awareness!
IF I get accepted for press credentials..who's gonna let me ride with them to bonnaroo?? My only friend won't go :(
Check out
Trying to convince my husband that the start of the NASCAR season is champagne worthy.
Just got home from my office, SO TIRED...I need to catch up on your articles, blogs, and will SOON
We live amongst you.
you should! You never know. You honesty only need an agent and then your set
# "Feel like Marcus Jordan its my daddy fault I gotta ball"
What's more American than beer? Miller Brewery is for tours July 4th, 10am-6pm. 10% off red, white & blue merchandise. Info: 414-931-BEER!
Nice. 8 mile soundtrack is playing at the Seattle 2.0 awards
team work makes the dream work
Thank you Judi. Thanks also for the mention.
LOL. I dunno... lizard brain, disowned self, ?? I'm committed to evolution - doesn't mean it gets easier :)
Gah! just saw this! I had class at 9 this morning :/ P.S I SEE YOU!!!! :D
Some of my experience too. OR more of the legal, syllabus building, CYA stuff.
''The Nature Boy'' IC Flair #vS now available!
Starting your new book The Hammer and The Blade for review soon, looking forward to it! Sounds awesome.
I thought you might like this one Jenn :-)
what's up??
your the #stud stu
please follow she is you biggest fan!16
This weather.....
just look atchu, all clean and pristine w/your scrubs on.
bm bm bm. not sure how to spell out the NBC Rainbow sound at the end of the commercial. that will have to suffice.
hah! That is super random. How you been?
so, historians looking for liberalism/republicanism trajectory have a point?
Just a reminder that SCAN will be closed on Sunday, August 15. Please plan your program submissions and equipment check-outs accordingly.
yeah, that makes sense- but i wonder what the radius is of the danger zone. That's a LOT of energy that has to dissipate!
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE TUNES I JUST POSTED LET ME KNOW WHAT YOU THINK -- Dmoney AGP () #RETWEET YOUR FAVORITE TRACK
Since when did chingy die..?
Sorry, but Tim Lincecum needs a haircut! Wow.
Never let your praying knees get lazy and love like crazy.
please tell me why a casual girls team is trying to get a free win on us right now lololololol
temporary glitch on our online store. will be fixed asap!
Every success is built on the ability to do better than good enough.
Party! RT : Seen on Prospect and Juneau at 9:32pm on Monday April 11, gentleman running completely naked. Completely. Wow.
plan for 2day: cash some checks, buy me a cold MF iced tea, put on a flick & catch up on some sleep! 2nite catch me at Vamp Ultra! KB out
Either we want things or work for things.
Culinary, in the evening program. helped convince me that it was the right choice, much as I love pastry.
EG takes out papers to run for Los Angeles mayor. He brings the knowledge, experience and talent we need to move this city forward. Back him
Chicken pot pie.
I still can't stop laughing about last night.. we definitely need to do another round soon !!
Oh ic, well I like to change up the rules. Okay then, let me finish this god damn essay.
follow me!<U+2665>
Go to the Echo1USA for a chance to win a FREE gun and SWAG yo!!!
Presumptuous claims about the benefits of Google+ Pages aside, WHO wrote "Forget Facebook" and WHY!?!? Totally nonsensical.
All software should be free.
I know what I'm making for father's day.
Just bought "In Leah's Wake" by Terri Giuliano Long, #IBC Bestseller for TODAY - only $.99. Check it out all 5 $.99 books. Some great reads!
Clock clocks clocks dos dos dos F2 F2 F2
Good start for , but gave up way too much at the end. Let's get a big 2nd half!
In deb; i turn around and see mady in 6 inch heels falling to the ground cracking her head. Omg this is my bestfriend.
One design presentation down. One new client interview to go. A chilled glass of wine awaits todays success. =)
Verdict is officially in... ohh wait, Justin Bieber is still gay! That is all.
Damn it's hot!
Evidence based practice, based on clinical trials. Clinical teams should include someone with info skills.
is way too cool to let his shit be retweeted <U+E421>get off private brahh goodlooks 2night <U+E420>
2day(my BDAy) so far, I partied! And worked (on my reality series, tyme johnson-making it in manhattan)! LOVE MY LIFE!!!
Ah, thank you very much. If only I had more opportunities for Incubus hashtags.
(1/3) 10 things I love about Washington DC. 1). the Power & Wealth. 2) The great Organizations and Non-Profits located there.
Yay, thank you so much Sabrina :) I thought you don't like me.
i kno this gurl better follow me back, lmao
Definitely agree! I love the twitterverse!
Man! Im Sorry For You.. lol
Brunettes are the prettiest(:
Not much time left. And not much food left either! Close at 2pm today. Just enough time for brunch and an afternoon dessert.
and I just stalked hanson's old house (the moe house) and worked the corner at 77th street.
an FYI for you guys hating - line isn't really representative. dp ball hit runner going back to 1st, OF got turned around on fly...
A heckler ruined a very expensive night of comedy 4me. You wanna be a comedian? BE ONE!
#occupywallst spreads the world over! The US govt will eventually be forced to listen to the 99%!
>>>> trying to get a feature from AJ. Hit me back and follow me
Anne LaBarbera is going to try to catch Breaking Dawn tonight to give you an opinion.
hey Chloe? What you up too? Lmbo!
&#9822; Watch them back
I can't wait for summer. I'm gonna get ready to go visit my hometown Cali (: <333
omg really?! Thats crazy!!
Two words: Summer Olympics. Who's ready?!
im done!
We do! What about you?
Great to meet you as well, Kristen. Be well, be great, be fabulous!
Shipping or Shopping?! Lol
Mike Richards lights the lamp for #Flyers West!!
Make your Chicken Soft Taco Light even lighter by choosing a Whole Wheat tortilla and leaving off the cheese. You’ll save 57 calories!
See some onf you men who act legit are pushing me to become a real asshole!!!!
it makes me said to see that people are hating on ! he does have talent! HatersGonnaHateMahomiesGonnaLove is all im saying(:
It's not just enough to win awards & trophies. Did you learn and become someone in the process? Are you a better individual & competitor?
sorry Verne we're sold out. If you or he direct message us and we'll sort out a deal to mail one to him...
Wanna go to oak brook mall
Good morning everybody.
it is definitely the plus of having family here! frequent trips and quick stops at
#Announcement on the 2 newest additions to Starr Scream Ent. coming today at 5pm est
Super excited about these awesome logo designs by ! Final touch to get the site up and running!
Remember that scene in "Like Mike" where the bullies try to steal Lil Bow Wow's sneakers....So much fucking suspense! What a fucking movie!
Last night I was at a a movie theater, inside a casino, in between a bowling alley and a bingo parlor...only in Vegas.
Sure, followed.
HAHA ME TOO. Right now. It's a little too close to life, right? I mean, like, THIS life. Right here.
like with everything else WoM is best. But video titles that have the right words get the most hits. The title is key.
Finally have confirmation that I am not the oldest person still seeing a cardiologist at Children's.
if you get me the one that's coming out in May! (:
If only Carl DeMaio were Pinocchio - that last answer would have been enlightening.
"Your firearms are too short to box with God." -- Talib Kweli ()
Skin cells have been converted directly into cells which develop into the main components of the brain, by researchers in California.
We want to know if any of our followers are interested in doing a #milwaukeetweetup !
bad form to publicly state interest in job when coach is still there, no? USF wants someone like that? Kids respect that?
Hey! What's going?
Celebrate Responsibly
Would like to see you too! RT : Hope you can make it to for networking tomorrow!
This for the people who don't give a fuck.
#YouKnowSheIsTheOne If she hold yu down thru thick n' thin "Boy u better WIFE HER"
is there a "like" button on here?
We have won the respect of our peers for maintaining the highest standards of ethics, integrity and professionalism.
I don't know about the radiation but these solar flares are turning into a nice day
Thanks for the follow - I'm psyched to RT you!
Will be a blast! RT : So looking forward to #brewersopeningday If you're looking for tix, hook up w/ for sure!
Winter is coming.
If you could configure OAuth with JS and get it working then you could totally add data to Storage or Places.
Congratulations to the Atlanta Hawks for a great win last night against the Phoenix Suns! GO HAWKS!
% of Xmas purchases online versus in store this year for us? Around 80/20. Feels like opposite from last yr. Convenience and time savings.
Twizzler's do leave scars )X
Anyone have a link to the NYT article about NYU?
Glee is doing WMYB tonight! Although I am disappointed they're not making a bigger production of it :( who's watching? -Caitlin xx
Heck Yea! How's sectionals?
Sorry that was sez.me. Damn auto-correct.
can school just end so i can sit home & rot away -.-
Anaconda in my pants
My elbows are cut up aghh they hurt
Memorial Day Weekend in Vegas booked!!! Let the countdown begin...
I don't know, last years was pretty bad. RT : Worst. Halftime Show. Ever.
Seriously, valuable links and #aha2012 digests. Kudos!
really good seeing u!!!!
give me your username!
time for tonight #ASHTRAYSANDACTIONFIGURES with and then #TheFunHouse with whoop whoop.
my eye looks swollen.
Either/Or - Elliott Smith
back in MINNESOTA and done recording. T'was a good time in PA!
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Californians are the largest consumers of turkey in the United States
Sun June 5th playin w/ Gato Loco @ bowery poetry club nyc... this big band will make u laugh & cry!
We might need LOTS of measuring tapes! Grenis is so long there isn't enough measuring tapes in the world! #YoohooGRENIS!
your the biggest #sinner hahaha
Starting the new year off with a Wii dance party! ...and not too many calories I hope! Lol
really looking forward to seeing you ! safe travels
“: OU secondary makes every week Shark Week! Right?” Except bye weeks
In honor of the Blue Angels: "Danger Zone" by Kenny Loggins
: Ellen can you give the Global Autism Project a twitter shout out! We are trying to raise $$ to raise awareness re: Autism
wen its meant 2 be it jus happens on its own...
Can't wait to hear what comes out of the studio, Alexis. Enjoy the process!
Adult swim I am very upset.. Could not watch Family guy tonight because it is IN SPANISH!! # NOBUENO!
looks like he's listening to the speakers... U not so much.
isn't that what Halloween is for? The girls to get a one day tramp pass lol Not!!! I agree with you
I am so freaking excited to see this
It's okay sweetie .
Note! In addition to the museum closing tomorrow, Saturday 5/21 at 3PM for a private event, there will also be no Super Science Sat Table.
Girl Retro 14's &gt;&gt;&gt;
President doing a great job. Can tell by where "Wall Street" is putting its money.
Text me...
Agent publisher for S Asian fiction a glimpse into hightech, high roller sizzling lives of super smart and filthy rich
q4) Also let them vent privately if eeeded
I'm glad it's already past 1pm but it's still only Thursday..
I hate commercials
<3 (= already loving your performance
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
I really need to follow people that stay up late.!
nd then, if u piss us off we wont be so sweet anymore lol :p
A smile on my face is all he asks. And a smile is the least I give 8)
“: RT : Education debt is over a trillion $$, over credit card debt and this needs to change. Thanks for correction Barry
I agree completely. RT : If they don't capitalize here, they do not deserve to win this, yes I said that!
haha of course!
hey lauren! Can't wait to see you on AI tonight! Good luck girl!!<3
thanks! We're excited.
He's been hiccuping since the sandwich spotting, did I trigger some sort of nervous tick?
Second parked car totaled by a drunk driver on our block in two weeks. Yikes, man.
- that's too cool about the name tobias... My oldest son shares the same name as the lead singer Luke...
I am going to be grooving all afternoon at work. :-)
Um... Titanic in a 3-D release? I think it's a must
do you live in New york?
What are your plans for lunch? Hope they include a $1 #Bartab drink! Such a nice day, how could you say no to a $1 drink with a nice lunch?
great seeing you this weekend!
hahaha can't wait ;) ... Now that everyone saw, may I delete? :)
's on replay, she's on replay.
NWA Heritage Title Match: Eddie Kingston (c) pins Green Ant with the Lariat.
Sally,can you ask Dahvie or Jayy if they plan on coming to Chicago?I saw the new tour dates and Chicago is not there</3
We know, no one likes waiting. hungry, thirsty. That's why all summer we'll have our outdoor bar stocked every Saturday and Sunday.
RT : single since january . feels like forever though . :o"
please follow me?Cause I love you<3
#obsessed I'm creeping ur tweets tough tonight
boy its 10... TV time
I think my boards will be much stronger now that I'm going to start that way!
"it may on occasion be the duty of government to protect the individual against organized groups.”
I think people need to shut up about Jelena...like until one of them comfirms they broke up, dont believe everything you hear.
a lot of catch up work tonight but at least I have the rain to accompany me
What are you #thankful for today?
I so love you!
Tar Heel nation is proud of #14 tonight!
so that explains how the other side score all those goals...
Xmas Tweets: My wife thinks she's so funny. But, I will have the last laugh. Because she actually is so funny.
Yep, that direct link is the one I ran on the blog.
You are nothing but a pussy, me to my vagina.
#ff because he is now doing books coverage for !
watch me do it big & i got two kids
don't say it like that is ALL good every last bit<33
We though Josh would wear a tie...
Can't believe we were so bad about photos last night. snapped one of you me and I think
Thanks for the follows :)
#BREAKINGNEWS the end!! NOT!!
They all bark with no bite
What do you get when you cross a Unicorn with a Cow?
Ha! Well, I would have laughed too, just bc you fulfilled that little prophecy. ;)
Dear #graphic #design folks, does anyone have good information on the cost of producing an #infographic? Thanks for your help!
Had a really great message from a friend. Those are good moments. When you really know someone likes you!
EPSD Campaign 2013 is underway in Englewood. We shall not be moved. Wake up call people. No representation means your child suffers.
That awkward moment when you pump the hand sanitizer bottle too hard and it jizzes all over your shirt.
My tweets are not showing up in the #broman search. :(
I did and I started to scream lol
When you stretch and that baby #dinosaur growl you make comes out by accident.
And Oregon misses you, perfect reason to come visit!
The pride of Columbus! RT : Big News from Ann Arbor! Trey Burke will be continuing his collegiate career with U-M!
#np Climax - Usher
My night was awesome!! Just got back to the crib.
I wanna go back to the Philippines and visit my family again! It was so amazing there... Minus the lizard falling on my head!
The movers think I'm a great spouse....
party time for the 7 year anniversary!! Gonna be a zoo
So you say you wanna talk more before we go out,but you don't talk to me! #amiuglyorsomething?
Just watched In Time w/ Justin Timberlake. Interesting concept, failed execution.
#Champion Status! >> RT : Another quarter down, one more left!
My brother is one of the Lynn students in Haiti. Do you know the names of the four missing students?
Druuunnkk with cousin gabby ;p
That is so cool!!!
Bookholders- Buy. Sell. & Rent Textbooks
Seen on a student's t shirt "I have not yet begun to procrastinate" - Made me chuckle.
Still runing A festival of short plays by women playwrights of color, at the Ensemble Studio Theatre!
RT : Newsflash! Just because I say 1 of ur keywords does NOT mean I'm your target market! do some research idiots!!!
Lol he gone say i gotta come get it , um hell naw ! bring it to me lol
Happy Birthday to my gorgeous friend !! Luv ya:) xoxo
"You're my enemy"
Will never forget the Andover tornado. Only time I've ever seen softball size hail.
tough question, probably SF, D just scares me, especially aldon and justin
Good Morning !!
The amount of bad luck I've been experiencing its only right something comes my way
Run into a store and ask what year it is. When they answer, run out screaming, "It worked! IT WORKED!!!"
Someone worth talking to talk to me, I'm bored.
Heard that from a 5th year student when I was starting my program and it stuck with me. You'll be brilliant tomorrow.
interviewed the guy in the commercial. Claim 100% real. Speculating that the Fed govt asked them to pull the ad
Hello weekend! #tgif Have a good one tweeps!
Team Data-Driven uses big data to find healthiest neighborhoods
such a stud.
Wft kind of man tells there #girlfriend to #fuck off. Cereal Bowles
Lovely Weather here in DC!! To Continue right through next week. What are your plans?
Hoping these downers a give me the fix I need
Saturday morning thoughts. Joba is to blame for his injury. He can play with his kids all he wants but a trampoline is dangerous. Look it up
Happy Friday to you all :)
I didn't enjoy tonight at all
When things & people "change" 'its best to accept the sign & be thankful for the "heads up"
How do you say "steaming pile of poo" in Welsh?
Ive been singing AMAZING RAGE all morning! =D
final evening of Hanukkah with latkas for dinner. yummy!
FASHION TIP: Two toned wedges & flats are rocking (think tan + blue). Do it!
#ParksandRec! I generally like the Thursday lineup, but that's the best. I also really like
Thanks for trying to help me
Now: Irteza reps #Princeton #NJ at
Thanks, it was fun!!RT : nice intetview with terrence j on hr show
I got called some mean things and got RLLY embarrassed today, that's all…
and Liverpool, England:)
My 3,200 mAh portable battery arrived today, I love it! It charges my phone fully from empty then half from empty!
Incredible chefs at ICC - just saw David Burke of Townhouse do a tremendous lamb demo.
I've done that before too... And I agree... Its completely draining, but a great workout.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. -
Happy Holidays! INCREDIBLE group discounts for January! Planning to book 10 rooms or more?! Call 3127684878 for more information!
no problem...Great info!
Metropolitan provides water for 19 million Southern California residents, across six counties, and has a $1.6 billion budget.
#LakersFans can suck my dick
- great app for connecting voice over artists with agents & studios!
Thanks for the follow :) It's a bright and sunny day here in Virginia.
Taj da only one playing for the bulls rite now.
im always depressed when i think about not following me n then he called my sis sexayy.. xd yay ;)
“ “: I'm having a party this weekend.. full of bitches.” ayyyeee *Jeezy Voice*”
Purdue students: final grades will be available to view Tuesday, December 27th.
I ain't coming back. I've already been, there done that. & I'm done with you messing with my mind.
:- wow thats awesome... great minds thinks alike....
Design partnership alert: collaborating with to design tools for informal learning workshops.
I want to know who manages the "touch of gray" dyeing for Huntsman and Romney. I can't decide which color style is better.
Out of the depths I cry to you, O Lord. Lord, hear my voice! Let your ears be attentive to the voice of my supplications!
thanks for the interest man..gettin everything set up, so search "k-kal" or 21st Infantry on youtube in a lil bit!!
eat cereal for breakfast, eat cereal for lunch, eat cereal for snack, i really need to eat something else for dinner
Some fresh new promo pics for 2011...
After Gwar takes lead and stops NAtasha's breakaway fury it's 79-57 (R)
Great to hear. Glad to help.
your cute you know that?
Clippers in the playoffs !
cant bring j-boi bac:( (R.I.P) dat was my runnin mate..the ONLY reason
my battery is about to go bye bye. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I love that!! I'd love to play a spy. :)
ah!!! And Nick doesn't care of some people saw it before it aired!
Knock KnockWho's there !Bride !Bride who ?Bride and Prejudice !
thinking about shutting my blog email addy down. but i have to get the people i actually talk to my other address, so not right now.
Just looked at some nice places with !!
You Belong With me
No way, we got 420 likes dude
looks like Vikings are getting new stadium RT Senate passes stadium bill 36-30. Bill now heads to Gov. Dayton for his signature.
i'm upset with you :(
Coach Cal consistently brings in the top players, but never brings home the championship.
Who was local kid singing w springsteen during Sunny Day, she stole the show, Bruce let her sing then carried her on stage!
Just finished watching #ghostbusters I could go 4 some marshmallows now
I expect Zona and Colorado to be, Cal and UW still could be and UCLA has as much talent as anybody.
“: UNLV scored 124. They went all Anderson Hunt. #runninrebels” not george ackles or grand-mama?!?
lolololololol“: FIRE D'ANTONI!! Oh wait..”
remind me not to eat rreal English food
#GoTribe Cant wait for the NFL draft or the NBA playoffs !!!!!!!!! Go Tribe 7-2 on there road trip !!!!!
Sometimes you just gotta sit around and watch JUst For Laughs videos.
L4D and Black Metal are truly a match made in. . . . well. .
you can bet on that bruh! Definitely going to happen for my next project.
Me; I'm Mrs.Sty-Pay-Hor-Alik-Son. <3 Friend; BOL! Me; I couldn't chose which one to marry cause their all Perfect, so I married them all. c;
Ah. Masters hash browns. Matched only by Pitch's has browns on Humboldt in Milw. 2 best in the world.
I think the people who work at disney r wayy to happy
SHOUT OUT TO MY CONFIDANT, THANK YOU! YOU ARE MOST GENEROUS! HAVE A TRULY BLESSED DAY!!!-Heather
I wouldn't miss downtown on Halloween for the world :) where else do I get to see that much skin downtown in 30 degree weather?
Defying gravity.. and no one can bring me down.
hope you have a lovely birthday
The World Not Ready For Me Yo...
it's been busy, busy. how is yours? we're going to have to find some time one of these days to grab coffee & chat :)
These Hoez B too thirsty 4 $$$$!
cool! I knew you'd know. I can't imagine how it tells time since there is nothing vertical to cast a shadow. Lake must have been low
In other news: there's chaos in the brickyard (Forscher, 1963).
ahha we took a "cute" pic according to Sarah
have fun down there!!
thanks again! are you planning on going?
Love me some movie scores to get my day going. Today: Edward Scissorhands by Danny Elfman.
That awkward moment when you #fallinlove for somebody that has girlfriend;(
she had some damn balls
Listen tonight at 11pm to a live interview w/ on WKCR, (NYC)! She will play tunes from her new album & more.
RT : Wis. Republican Party sends out statement reacting to Barrett primary win, even though polls are still open.
Reproduction of material for research use is one of our only revenue streams. + there are copyright issues.
Want me to punch their lying faces?
RT You know my team dont have to say it.. We lurking---> Watch out ugghhh
Hold on fool... What new lane??
Hope your enjoying your day, dolls :)
my sister is freaking annoying :<
:) I guess I can let Australia borrow you for a few days... And Phoenix, London, Montreal...
This is such a FABULOUS day ! Just fabulous -__-
Sick, Linked Arm Two-Step, #Bro! xD P.L.U.R.<3
@ linda, yet again he blogged science, art, religion, and philosophy
my life wont ever be completed until i meet <3
I'm a stripper and this is my life
. and any other ladies heading out we expect pictures and lots of fun to be had! Ok? You know the drill!~
NBC reports Red Wings pre-game show today was "incredible", "spine tingling". On ice video produced by Mindfield. Go Wings!
heey can you do me a huge favor???(:
CAN YOU RT THAT LAST TWEET WITH THE LINK OF BLOGTV IN IT? PLEASEE
ahaha yeahh lol :D and i will show you around :b
They gone make me have a heart attack
With & going to Chuck E. Cheese's!(:
i love everything about .
Mine still do! In fact, they taught ME how to play. How backwards is that?
Saving Lives at #BlueRock'a #Studio! The #RedCross is on our stage performing CPR.
just wonderful! I'm very sore today though :) you must come visit!
I want my iphone already! FUCK
hey, I totally missed this tweet but thank you for responding. I will check your site when I get a chance.
What a difference a day makes. #Obamalutionary (just made that up). #MarriageEquality across the land!
NO! If I see something that I want to read on FB, I'll usually Google the headline so that it doesn't show up on my timeline.
your welcome anytime
LAzy day
yeah NEVER going back to that city.
AJ at is doing the color. It's hitting the festival circuit. I'll let you know if/where it gets in :-)
welcome! :) Looking forward to reading your recommendations!
I'll ask him. He's gone from a Facility Management CAD guy to a resident artist/professor. He may not want one. :-)
you're a genius! Bonus points for you, sir.
Drizzy Drake the one that got the gift without the curse. . . .
Join us at: www.blogtalkradio.com/artofimage Interview with "CHUVAgroup"
Danke, I"m not lying at all.
Cinderella she seems so easy
I am so bored
i saw some of your videos on yutube :) u are so real! uand your mom! lol! yall say waht other people are afraid to say.
Cleveland!! Fix ur streets dammit! Lindsay's tires are suffering along with the rest of her... :( #thuglife tho
The sound of my dumb ass neighbors on their hot tub is very disturbing.
i knew i liked those guys
breakfast with Crescent Dragonwagon this morning. I don't understand why autocorrect is giving me such a hard time with her name.
"New York never really had a big mix tape culture. It all came from Atlanta" -Heems of Das Racist
I'm still at work dealing with dumbasses!!
haha too late yu already filled up that role or so I heard<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
martin i sent you a text message not sure if you received it just wanted to wish vivianne a belated birthday.
i have so much to do
Just a spoonful of peanut butter...M.
Hey Arnold! >>
Drunk as fuck & I don't give a fuck! Taco bell run with Jimmy
Late night food binge.
I'm over here doing exercises just in case I have to do a few party hops tonight after the probate lol . It's been a long time yo
That's because your crazy. lOl!
Lmfaoo Thank you!! <3 but i guess Is a busy person, cant blame him really Over million girls r after him:P
thank you! We are taking deep breaths.
Kony wasn't real that's why !
Congrats fo Rep. Jared Polis (CO-02) on his recent addition, and thanks to his representative, Stuart Feinhor, for coming to our launch!
#MicroTech at #DISA #DISA12 and looking forward to demoing #MicroPodd cloud technologies to Gen Hawkins tonight
I need 2 more sag voucher to join the union
the teddy's gotta look better than the toupee...
I don't want to start up the short vs tall debate but right now I'm thinking the shorties got this one.
hell yea what side of town you stay on
my prior tweet had a disclaimer reading *this isn't the case if you're a Heat fan...
I'm playing catch up too. Seems like after the ranger loss us #dallas twitterers are eating crow instead of cardinal!
Now that it's Game On! I'm looking forward to meeting some interesting people at the HCCI Gala!
9 days until Los Angeles!
": dashit cray!"...sis..whens ur next set..I miss ya.. Did u hit up spoke release..
o yea by the way we shootin a video for the song this Saturday n havin a party, so u and ur home girls are more than welcome
purdy web site! ps: got my trip to Seattle squared. gonna see you!
Finally its Friday :)
haha so do you obsess over austy all the time? Lol
Great, thanks for the tip!
who you tellin, all the people from church bout to bust up in here
Extra forgiveness for you!!! #COOKIES!!!!
I WANT MORE TATER CASSEROLE!!
Happy New Year to all! Make 2011 another great year abundant in health, wealth and giving...
Congrats on great season&#8! &every1 else
Hello Sheree! Thx for checking in! Enjoying the evening with us?
Cool film. I'll definitely put on the list
Mayor Rawlings-Blake kicked off the Employee Energy Contest this morning! The Baltimore Energy Challenge is providing Captain Training!...
why are you so adorable?
Where is the cheapest Italian place in Seattle?
i'M SO BORED!!!
it's so sad
Great! Tell him that his presentation was P&P - he'll crack up and maybe tell you a funny story. :)
I believe your buyer protection program is being fraudulently used to perpetrate a fraud on craiglist. New York Rangers Tickets.
You know how I stay so young? I read at a third grade level! :D
Last nite, Myla turned off her nite lite, crawled back in bed, covered herself up & cried because it was too dark. You turned it off silly!
love you brooke <3 Get some sleep okay? PS- you left your... Present... ;P
GET SOME BATTERIES!!! lol
Like it, but I think it needs 3D holograms.
Hey EPIC Tweeps, hope u r enjoying time off from school.. Take this opportunity to spend some time w Jesus.
Kg had us listening 2 sum pure BULLSHIT!! Lol
RT : "Seek your own voice, and follow it, without listening to others. It is your difference that will make you valuable."...
HERCHEL WAS OUR ROCK..WE LUVED HIM..NOW HE SEEMS SO UNSURE..ALAS..CONFIDENCE HERCH, CONFIDENCE...F/S...
Consider yourself tweeted.
and we SO appreciate you!!
I guess Ted Dibiase was right everybody got a price.
Don't laugh. I've lost 11 pounds by going veggie. :)
Day 2 if tenaya site visit. Prepping for early breakfast, property tours, and finding good cell service
This is why having friends working at Mcdonald's is awesome :)
Ashe To The GREAT Things ahead..
I agree! Presents for no reason, expensive champagne in Marks and Sparks undies, and going on holiday by mistake
Ahman Green a guest on "Life After Pro Football: Perspectives and Transition" panel at St. Norbert's next wk. (h/t )
. u ever covered sports? Winner=winner. Loser=loser. Can we drop the subjective adjectives?
"If I can't be the best, then I don't wanna do this shit"-
It was all ! They're geniuses.
I've got so much on my Mind right, left side brain but I'll see you when the times right, Feeling shallow but I'll see you when it's right
Baltimore Design School Supergraphics: the building/institution has voice and personality, it wants to be your friend!
run run run run
Haven't seen the Plex one but the Brighton one is in the usually-empty new cafe.
If you bring in a jersey we can get it done for no more than $300 if decked out. Could do for $250 but less design, same quality.
So I tried to get the vending machine to give me a Reese's & it didn't want to work. I automatically thought of #TeenWolf and Stiles lol ;p
Yes! Hopefully the weather will start to cooperate more consistently. Good luck! If you need someone to nag you just holler. ;)
I am the new era, the new begging
G.M.N.I.: Time to let go & move on.
Hittin the studio tonight with
when.people say follow me on twitter do they mean when dey take da dump also or what??:D lmfao direct message me
Story Hour with Miss Kathy today at 4:15, and Children's Book Swap at 5:30! Exciting afternoon around these parts!
idk but for some reason i just started singing "MY MILKSHAKE BRINGS ALL THE BOYS TO THE YARD" so now im listening to milkshake XDD
ya there?
So mad at
is sexy
Author's Note: I try to followback but this account has temporarily hit its follow limit. Will follow you guys as soon as Twitter allows it.
you wouldn't have to pay her that much, she's the kind of Wedding Singer that is on the dollar menu.
no chance in Dwight to Boson, but 3 first rounders in a loaded draft? Rondo will bring in some studs. Hibbert/Iguodola ?
is seeking arts-related prizes for its Season One performers - would your org. like to sponsor a team?
Had an awesome evening yesterday! Great band, great company..
Loving vs Virginia?
#FOXUpfront - Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement? Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid? Ping me for more info.
have you heard?
The Citizen Diplomat: Member News | November
The first biggest mistake is not starting, the second is not continuing, and the third is not celebrating along the way. Today, I begin it.
Squid Attack starts in 15 minutes...come and join us to support muscular dystropy association!
Screw up, move up!
lol, im getting tired of you, you bout to get that booty whooped doee'!
Getting ready to go tour the indy motor speedway
Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act. ~ Truman Capote
our praying sucked balls
Yes & Styx perform July 29 on my birthday at Winery. Does anyone want to get in the Delorian with me?
In the UK 37% of businesses started in 2011 have been created by women. It's similar in the US. One in 5 $1M businesses are owned by women.
Don't worry, I'm sure it'll go back to Hoth-like temperatures soon.
I don't want to sleep because then I'll have to deal with it being Monday tomorrow
City Room: As Transit Building Is Remade, a &#39;Stirring&#39; Memorial Will Be Removed
Alright let's get a WR in this round!
Watching Criminal Minds with Viggle Wed | 20 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
yeah buddy! lol
that's a fine tune as well.
it would mean soo much if you would follow me .... your my idol!
trying to start on my stupid paper :/. Wanna help :D?
Hey :) Please follow me I Tweet about Quotes, Art, Music, and Creativity
I do have white boy problems want to go for a walk and we can abuse bc
I had the weirdest dream about you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Can I get senioritis as a sophomore?
Awesome news Foote!
i know you dont me but if you could tweet back at me that would be awsome i need to ask you something.:)
if u care abt being a good person (& rock & roll), u'll watch #itmightgetloud on w & 2nite
worth the awkwardity I suppose haha
I can't deal with this "Greensboro" sh*t
chillin in an arcade in myrtle beach... tour life...
check out my new music video on you tube , typing Phanuel why
Thanks for sharing and Happy Friday!!!
Should I take Lucas to peter piper pizza or to see a movie?
I'll be on Talk Philly CBS today w/ Halloween #recipes for a perfect party! comes to the rescue again for quick, tasty ideas
P.F.O.B.O.C.D= post freak out because of concert disorder,.. <3
You have time to text her but not me.
Very cool. Congrats, boys. RT Ever just have a feeling about a band? Yeah, had that about tonight.
If u truly value something or someone, make it known today
Dont waste your time looking back at what you lost. Move on, life is not meant to be traveled backwards
Opening hymn: "We're Out for Blood" by
ya man, I won't be on till after Easter. I think it's the 2nd Sunday in April. Pretty sure.
Gurl, we're editing them right now, pics to come later today, WE PROMISE!
There was... it was going over downtown at around 9:40 am this morn!
yes we do! Facebook us. Search True Colors (band)!! :)
Follow back please :) :D
It's all crap. RT : Someone asked me if I'd like to go see this famous Medium on May 12th. Does anyone believe in this stuff?
DONT SPEAK UP ON KEYA NAME CAUSE I CN TELL SUM SHIT
shit , what you on bro
Evidence Based Apparel is stoked to hear you benefited from our posture shirt! Congrats on your win at Pebble Bch as well!
No longer refer to help as reference, students didn't know what that meant.
You must Have unconditional passion For what your doing
If you live on or near Lake Dr step outside you door and cheer on all the amazing runners !
French vanilla? “: Ben & Jerry's :benevolent ice cream peddlers or secret socialist plot? That one's on the house, Fox & Friends.”
Thanks - we're enjoying the CapLinked experience a lot!
“I can live for two months on a good compliment.” Mark Twain
For our 1,000th tweet we're giving away 4 tickets to tomorrow night's game! RT this to enter, winner drawn at 5pm today!
Yeah bitch I got, awakrd moment status like
Start of a new, great and very busy weekend
I get to anchor with all week and I MAY just pass out from her hotness.
Thanks for stopping by! Glad you enjoyed.
-- BigOven just crossed a million registered users yesterday!
no glee tour this year?!?!? You need to have one!! Ive been waiting for everyone to come to florida!! Please come here!!
#FoDS Allen: No matter how deep the archive, there is still a need for critical analysis of the content.
Folks are filing in for the 1st game of the day. We're minutes away from tip-off in the Morse-Marshall vs. MSL game at
Joseph doesn't get home til later ... What to do?? ):
Spring is in the air the next couple of days with sunshine and temps in the 40s.I just hope it doesn't feel like Feb in April!
RT : MAMA, THERE GOES THAT MAN.
Julianne Moore to play Sara Palin. If Julianne's a method actress, she'll have her lines written on her hand
I didn't get to april fool anyone today -___-
What a morning...
when I do refresh, the emails I've deleted are still there.
we're a go tonight at Whisky A Go Go
So... I will be running in the rain tonight?
If you are very valiant, it is a god, I think, who gave you this gift.
tru tru it b like that
Photos are the best for engagement, links the worst, but don't just post photos all the time. Quality over quantity!
drunk and "lit." Get it? Let us know when you are ready for entrees!
PLEASE CHECK out THIS years PEACE DAY 2011 - May 14, 2011 page!!!
Haha. You have excellent taste in music!
glee version was awesome!
I just got called a over grown rabbit. Do I look like every animal?!?!?!
good deal
www.pressbooks.com alpha site available Hugh McGuire
Isn't every Sovietologist a "failed" Sovietologist, by definition?
Lol aw come back into mine!!!!! How have you been man!?
We've got the perfect mid-game snack! Enjoy a $10 pulled pork and beer combo during the vs. game tonight.
“: It use to be just about the sneakers!” now dudes just coppin to re-sale
needs more crush IMO
laptop died and had to go back to the office. Missed u there. Good luck at the new gig
"Seek first his [God's] kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well." -Matthew 6:33
What do you need logo, banner?
Yes Skins....yes.
clearly I'm the best option
Congrats to Rasheed Sulaimon on winning the McDonald's All American 3-Point Shootout!!!
"Thank you and yes, no doubt! : Happy Birthday! So good seeing you yesterday! Let's make it a more common occurrence"
"Live your life!"
I would actually love to hear Austin cuss out this fish :/
I like you :)
most people gain weight when they lose sleep, so you're ahead of the curve. that said, you OK? vacation time on the horizon?
Are you all enjoying these wonderful free blueberry muffins. Come in today to try one and mention FLUFFY33
Just wakn back up....
Rawr im a dinosaur!
I'd love to but I'm unexpectedly somehow in New Orleans!
Nice! I will add it to my audible wish list. Just bought a Hoyle non fiction book for my dad last week.
Should really be going to bed... Nah
My boyfriend just got bit by a stray cat. We are now at the hospital. I don't if I should laugh or be concerned.
I would rather me leave than stay and watch you make a fool of me.
hey im not the racist one
According to the flight crew this flight is very full... Not just full. See, people to fly to Indiana!
Get pumped for #criticalmass, #cleveland! Meet down in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30 promptly. Come to Edison's in Tremont after!
Useful stats: How B2B Marketers Use Social Media, New Research via
LMAOO first off I'm not tryin to rape u...I got too much pride to steep so low. N strong relation can over come both worlds.
- I'm fluent in "what you meant". :)
Those are the latest, but will definitely make a note to let you know when other new arrivals come in!
didn't experience that cuz it worked for me. And you don't even live in tacuba lol
Homemade wheat tortillas were a huge success! Thanks, !
Sometimes, I wish we would have taken that chance last summer
haha, must have saw something, two potential first rounders isn't worth it....
has any one ever told you your a great liar? <3 x
Raining again...so my backyard is pretty much a forest by now.
LULZ! Totes love you both! xoxo :-*
Back to Curacao three weeks from today <3
Thank you! The book has been a long time coming. Good luck in your search!
So this is how douchebags operate.
Tell 10 people how much you love them today.
play here in Toledo in seven days. Exactly ONE week. Whose ready to mosh?
they are remaking the great gatsby and I'm not in it. Sob sob sob. I am in the original in spirit...
"It's like the end of the Dark Ages / this afternoon, as spring comes to our canyon & the brown stalks are lit underneath with green..."
RT "I never think of the future. It comes soon enough." #quote by Einstein
Watch out facebook your next lmao
Now you're just taunting me. Anytime after 5?
So Harry is almost at 4 million followers yet Liam just reached 3 million..To be honest I don't find that fair at all.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 51
at linode.com. great company.
Third Sccreen Talent is looking for a pHp developer for a client in Portland, OR, contact us at
explain to me why Trump is so venerated? Everyone knows he's gone bankrupt before right?
Just got a salad from Big Johns.
The most dangerous thing a soldier in Afgh can hear is "You're going home... to Chicago"": Murder Capital #JusticeforChicago"
What makes this night feel so much longer than all other nights? (answer: on this night we dine with family. The WHOLE family...)
Freedom is never dear at any price. It is the breath of life. What would a man not pay for living? -Mohandas Gandhi
What sort of weird sound does your vehicle make?
#imthetypeofGirlfriend who is willing to give but wont take!
Morning superstar! RT : Morning Fly People !!
options rock!
funny you ask that as Kiley is considering that very idea!
Yeah, Matt told story on local station. Apparently during post-game interviews, Maddux ran into clubhouse hysterically asking..
Mother nature pounded on the Northwest!
look whos in my seventeen magazine miss lol
baby momma drama?
Yup I'm sick :( sore throat, headache, & the chills
U can catch me over there off of 91st & tweet street! Tweet street riders baby
Pretty impressed with the amount of errands I was able to run in my one-hour lunch break.
I'm afraid to see the avengers because I'm scared I'm going to add Loki to my harem of adorable villains I want to make snuggles with.
RT : Yall make sure yall go fool wit my bro at Vinyl Tonight, ima slide thru and chill too
looking at the cherry blossoms outside my window
Follo<U+03C9> for smiles (¤<U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5>) OMG Facts <U+200F>
Got kicked out of my own bed...
we'll touch the sky let's defy this gravity.
Good day in the studio today with almost finished another bomb!!!
I swear to god i'd piss a happy meal off...
Happy New Year!!!
"This is what change looks like." Solid.
Who's going to be Herman Cain's Smoking Man for Halloween?
"Im allergic in hormones"haha funniest line in the movie #theartofgetingby!
On twitter I see lots of promotions and I see industry dudes I know that get sales reports but they ain't telling. Inbox me 4 soundscan
Teddy Geiger's songs really keep me motivated
Eyes blood shot red
Damn. the brother needs to fucking calm down with this shit.
RT : Just met a favorite journalism #wonk of mine, !
OMG ! Prince Royce Is so Much Sexier in Person !! Papaciitttoooooo ;-*
thanks for the shout out my dear...see you soon .)
This weekend is DBU's Annual Winter Ball is this weekend! #DBUalum, do you remember attending Winter Ball during your time at DBU? Tell us!
I have $5.00 in quarters.
Was thinking about the French Paradox today, and came to the conclusion that it would be more appropriate to call it the American Paradox.
Sorry... I do that a lot :P
April showers bring May...wait, what is this stuff coming from the sky again? This is mixed up. It was 90 last month!
It was a great time and I loved mixing and matching my friends and professional network.
Baking Irish Soda Bread...yum!
I've not found a source control package that makes my life easier when I'm the only programmer. Maybe I need 2 keep lookn
Great coaching by Lionel Hollins!
I will ! It's such a weird feeling :(
There manager is twitter lol ": "who's your agency? Instagram" lolz"
You may have purchased 'sand dollars' using my credit card, but I've got complete control over your system. Check and mate.
AU Windows users interested in citation management: EndNote X5 is now available for free through the MyAU portal. Mac users: such no luck :(
I hope y'all caught that tweet earlier.
Everybody wanna exercise cuz the world know y'all obese..
is too gorgeous :) follow back ?
Does God have a belly button? #questionoftheday with & !
TSOI-LA NYC vacation started out on a positive note with a sighting at the airport. Good luck in Australia!
God she is so anoying right now -__- mixed feelings
TY4RT RT : RT : The serious business of creating #happier world (new #UN priority) via : htt......
“: What the hell? If they are denying it and it's not true, what damage can you do?” You heard an actual denial?
Our hearts go out to all those affected by the fires, and a very big thank you to all who are helping to control them. xo
sorry i havent been on for a while . ive been going through stuff .
Glad we make you feel better! Happy Halloween! :)
We're in Cambridge for the next two days to explore some really interesting & foundational issues.
Many hope for an opportunity but few take steps to encourage it. Worse, few take steps to be prepared when it comes.
activists, leaders, media have a huge role to play in putting emotional issues, i.e. pro marriage =lity is context. Some already are.
Actually getting ready for bed now. Done with da muzaks. Work 10 to 6 tom, then have Tues and Wed off (though birding Tues).
At #stateofdotnet honest look at latest Microsoft tech.
Good nickname for Pau & Bynum. No real reason, just a good combo.
Lovely Ariel Bowman <3
If you're going to drop dead at your desk, please leave a note so that someone else can continue the work.
create a guide that will help you survive school.
awww miss you too :(
Mammoth drops 1st of season, still leads West Division. Thank you to all the great fans that came out to tonight!
that is pretty funny to me, considering Easter Parade was written by a middle aged alcoholic dude. Ha.
Went for a lunch time ride and came back soaking sweaty wet. It's so humid! So embarrassed!
staff are the most important thing in our system, not the books-he makes it easy to find staff-awesome!
BIG NEWS coming about the 3rd ANNUAL NE Feathered Horse Classic June 8-10 Swanton, OHIO! STAY TUNED!!!!
great wake boarding shot bro! Cheers!
Tons of people on the bus this morning going to do business like Prophet Muhammad used to.
heard you might need some artists for a documentary. let me know, and i can help you out!
raided the kitchen lol
You always seem to make me smile...
Ashley, please don't forget about me. would love to run the q&a in the coming weeks. gracias.
Mindi Abair is the surprise guest on #americanidol playing with Phillip Phillips
*Sigh* And none of the versions of Guild Wars 2 for sale are going to have extra character slots. I want one character of each class, dangit
Thanks my thinking. Always give options & respect choice. Especially with the mess that Android user agent strings are.
Thank you! :)
plastic surgery is cheap and literal for Big Bird.
Agree! RT : Quit what you don't love.
curious RT : just heard some very bad news about AOL. I assume it will break soon.
Austin, your followers just keep going up, and I love to say I've been there from the beginning<3
Follow Me??(:
we're at thee oh sees in Dallas, and people here are talking about the show.
HA! RT Rule No1 of having a daughter: Keep her off the pole. Rule No 2: brainwash her to like DVDs that you can watch with her.
Just heard someone in my office referring to her dog's arms.
Being sunburned or having an allergic reaction < itchy but but not hot?
We're going to need the defense to win this one....scary thought given how the season has gone so far.
#InTheSummer I'll be visiting Spain, England, Portugal, & Italy. Jealous? ;)
I need a women with a open mind... To go inside and open mine and show me what she find!
Slyce, Indian rocks beach, gulf boulevard, near taps garden, who hosts July 2 salsa party.
Lol brandon is so mean to me
#PapaJohns supports #Romney. If you support #BarackObama, #Obama, #OFA then vote with your wallet too!
You forget to charge your phone...
#dtc354 space & place: man is not merely an object in the world, occupying a space, but also inhabiting, creating and commanding the world.
true, but then does it make me sound ageist to want some new blood - not even *that* new, I'm not exactly a teenager! ;-)
No sleep my baby just left#happy tweet
Any #pgs2010 folks around tonight for dinner? DM me!
#WhenImBored I just sit around and be on facebook and twitter all day
Join the SD central library today for Ancient Greeks, Modern Lives film screening & discussion: IPHIGENIA 5 pm, Central Library auditorium!
Females will talk to any dude, no matter how he look as long as he got money (SMH)!!
Don't try to controll me
I play in a rock band called MY HEART REMAINS. Go check us out
let me know how it is
All the other kids, with the...*mumbles*
happy birthday to the GREATEST dad ever (: so blessed to have such a loving and caring dad(: !!!
Interesting.. what do you think the biggest motive to visit a brand's facebook page is?
I wish I could go to opening day
DA DJ HE CUD HAVE PUT A LIL MORE HYPE ON ZACH RONDOLPH SONG still went lice HGCG U BETTER RECGONIZE
today in blues: Guitarist Peg Leg Howell recorded 4 songs for Columbia Records Nov 8, 1926, in Atlanta, GA, including “New Prison Blues”.
Those outfits are extremely cute but thankfully we only need rain gear a couple weeks out of the whole year here in
Good night guys.
Hate braces! Tired! Basketball game Monday(: excited!
how's this for awesome. don't get more more alpaca edgy than this! MICROBLOGS TO THE RESCUE!
Working on a story around the lunch room classic: PB&J. You'll go nuts over it.
we wont know about him till next week... but he BETTER WIN
Your commit messages/code comments are priceless.
I just voted for #DAF11_MPinto at the Dumbo Arts Fest for the ATT Audience Award.
If only I could throw out the survey response where the student made zig zag patterns in the multiple choice bubbles...
Join me + the Rusk team at the stage at 1140 for a look at the new Rebel Chic collection
Yes, indeed!
Blasting Avril Lavigne in my room!!!
Straight girls: All of the cute guys are gay. Gay guys: All of the cute guys are straight. Straight guys: All of the cute girls are lesbian.
I think opportunitiy is also missed by most people because it is hauled into trash cans and thrown into huge dumpsters
i know
:) what all did you do?
time for bed up for work in 4 hrs.. And hearing my loves voice before bed always assures a good nights rest! :)
All the more reason to head to Wrigley tomorrow!
congratulations on making the Group stage of the CCL.
<U+2605> Sexy Saturdays at Current TONIGHT<U+2605> <U+2605>RSVP.. Guestlist | Tables | Party Buses<U+2605> For VIP access- call 2022581567 Email-
Wtf is love faces ?! iWana see what they look like
Madden NFL 13 will be having COVER VOTE this year! 64 Players, 2 from each team! Who will you be voting for?
thanks for the connect and hope to be inspired by your musical contribution to this planet
I found my swatches ^_^ hell yes
nah. Okc might come out rusty tho. To much rest.
Just trying to work again.. How have you been?
Get money for your text books! book buyback still going on. Today 9am - 5pm. Tomorrow 10am - 3pm.
stop it. No you're not
haha i wish it was!
Found love in a hopeless place <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Guys Hate Crying, They Bearly Do It. But When A Guy Cries Over you, You Can Be Sure He LOVES You More Than Anything. <3 ;o
Please do! I haven't seen you since this time last year!
everyone focuses on jesus, and he's important, but i think god's other child of salvation was guacamole.
It's astonishing for a Brit too
pictures or it didn't happen
He was not in the final four. Not sure he got an interview.
I broke same wrist twice, knew it when it happened RT : Jayson Werth broken wrist. Bryce Harper will never see the minors again.
- yep! There was a line in a Beastie Boys song around the time I started with the station - someone suggested it & it stuck :)
Trying to add a flight with 1 coach and 1 first class leg but it says the first class leg is invalid. Works if set to coach.
#COYS grab all 3 boys! Huge game for us.
#HireJimLambright to replace Nick Holt, the sole reason why this season the 7-6 Huskies ended up stagnant.
What mfs on?
Me too! Last night made we want to get there even more. I'll let you know when I post some of the pics from last night. ;-)
Both. It was essentially an internal Facebook. built it.
Michael: well their 11 and under so..it's pretty weird
What said. *HUGS*
Oh! I know what your talking about! Everyone says its chill there!
part I finished. Part II tomorrow
And with a few public strokes, Jason Russell loses his followers
lets not say he is cheating
I wouldn't have missed it! It was the place to be.
Help manually ejecting a dvd from a macbook pro anyone? Computer will not eject, will not restart.
Night everyone! U. Make me smile :)
I'm at Magic City Art Connection all day! Stop by and see me!
At home. Ready to nap and recover from the early morning shopping extravaganza. Glad it's done! Night night.
I hate it when people talk too me when I'm trying too eat ! Can't a nigga enjoy his shit !?
Folks, please help spread the word: I'm teaching "Social Problems" this summer at UB! I promise a fun-filled, learning adventure.
I need vandy to come through, but Jordan Taylor may be too much
Great day! Working on bequest documents, then off to the Emeritus Club luncheon. After that, vacation starts! : )
is the Realist ha
Point: Jimmy
should come back up here u would see that everyday
thanks for the follow! Since you also have a sweet tooth please pass along your best recipes! :)
Vive la revolution! and long may it continue.
I bet it will be awesome!
In Spanish Harlem
Movie of the night: Ghostbusters
The only way to determine the cause(s) of delayed ejaculation is the clinical interview. ...
it was a pleasure meeting u last night at LAX..hope you enjoyed those Mai Tai's...good luck getting back to the season.
Oh my goooodnessssssssss
Why won't you be covering the Mavs this year?
btw I liked that jean vest, I'm going to steal it from u
We are the better team...not worried...
I only have 65 cents in the bank. I can't afford high stakes. But if you let me bum a few bucks.
whoa it's pouring downtown!
Stead' of kisses we get kicked
you are ON!
i love you too, silly nipples!!! for real, yo
Enjoy your youth, cause you'll never be younger than you are at this very moment.
Sounds like subject matter for a countray song.
Nicole! Thanks so much! Was great meeting you! Thanks for your support!
I'm old. I know because I'm tired at karaoke. It's over. It's only been six hours. What's wrong with me?
So many t.l. Twitter accounts. How do we know which is the real one? Guess we will never truly know for sure. Peace.
I actually wasn't ready for this RT : As part of three-team deal, Nene goes to the Wizards, JaVale McGee to Denver and Nick Youn
Thats what Nick Young gets in the game to do,He gets in to jack up shots,u should know that Jackson
Where's all my bitches n' ho's?
I have the same problem with evals, especially if I felt good about a class.
thank you!
More money more problems. Or more problems less money lol
Going swimming
If #graphicdesigners are ruining the web, I'd love to see how people reacted to "minimalist" web sites.
#NF back - Thanks for following & reaching out. RT : need u n the mag follow bak
[something clever]
That blew away any National I've been to...crowd was electric and merchandise booths doing crazy business.
Thanks so much for the following!
RT If you know that the Masons are the largest stronghold against the presence of God in the world, reply for proof...
RIP Whitney Houston :(
What is it that you see? It's the God in me!!!! Nahmean!
YOU WISH IN YOUR DREAMS GIRL
LeBron's new commercial couldn't be further from the truth #basketballneverstops except when you're busy high diving in Europe
It feels like the NBA season got serious tonight. SA-BOS, MIA-OKC, LAL-LAC....intensity WAY up.
H a p p y B i r t h d a y to my chile chiquita :) have a beautiful day today!!! love you & best wishes xoxo <3
#scclive This is an odd webinar. The guy from "Social Media Today" interrupting with questions/poll results does not help.
its been some ups and downs but no matter what my mama still had my back and i love her and think god for her happy mothers day mama
My baby won! Yeah, ill have another! herried
It's crazy that 23 years later he's still in NJPW doing better than ever and winning the Tag Titles again
Trouser press =/= naan press. (Saw a pretty sari though!)
Did you beat him up?
Woah that was weird and scary I see a tweet about Justin and then one less lonely girl starts playing...
You're gone after Thursday? Not sticking around for Friday...?
Attending the LBJ #Houston holocaust museum award dinner with special guest
@ I think wonder woman!
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxo
Man, my teeth hurt so bad
No clue :/
We're winning this #football game! Us. Here- at this bar. We're winning the game. The things we do- here- are causing our victory.
. We are pretty sure you're not at #ala10 since if you were, you'd now we're at #aladanceparty last night and at #aladrink now.
Getting ready to close out the first round of judging at #cajuncodefest! Teams looking great!
It feels like there is a magnetic force field in my mouth...GAH!
bout what
i want sum hot wings....^___-#hungry~___~
nope. I cant even go now. Thanks though.
Shoutout to , Marlan Lowe getting love from the commentators.
The installation crews are loving the weather out there today!
4 more days seniors!!
all he gotta do is give me the word & I'm on it !
"You're a chauvinist if you don't cry" -
well they have a very "hateable" coach
you have my tweets sent to your phone! lol!
Go follow she's amazing! <3 <3
The rain has stopped! Come out to Magazine or Mandeville and take a pic of ur sidewalk chalk art! Tweet it 2 us for ur chance 2 win!
#Vick. No question.
haha that's so nasty!
looking for experienced B2B Sales Executives in the Fort Walton/Panama City area for a Fortune 500 Client- please message me if you're inte…
: Thanks for the kind words.
Zach Randolph = Old School Basketball. Love that guy!
That's backwards. As long as class exists, so will the state.
more banging on Django today.
Half the time I tweet random shit ion be caring! 15 bitchs stole my tweets tho lmfao smh.!
Agreed. Although a very nice pirouette.": Dwayne Bowe proved tonight that a T-Rex would make a shitty deep threat in coverage"
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WHO HAD TO PUT UP WITH US BUT STILL LOVE US THROUGH IT ALL!!
Not loving the Kindle Fire's browser.
as soon as i said where are you to melissa you said wtf?
you good?
And then Bubba died in forest gump right after. AH
Don't forget guys! We're playing our #LikeMeLottery Like our FB page and you could win a FREE signed copy of our EP!!!
Al, that was dumb. This isn't UF. No one is going to bail you out from that mistake.
Thursday I'm grabbing modern warfare 3
I am in San Diego Ca, Where are you located? DM me for my email, probably easier to write that way lol.
What's a mint David? "it's gum that is put in a freezer" lmfao
And then instagram them, I'm soo cool.
Name your favorite place to #Hike in #Colorado... Go!
Why do native apps get more usage than mobile web?
Going down to visit Pooda with the family today
No champagne? No sekt? No prosecco?
Happy St. Andrews Day to all my Scottish friends!
When Titanic disaster happened, press published that all survived. The truth unravelled over days. Same w/ Hindenburg.
“You are my sweetest downfall - I loved you first, I loved you first.” (Regina Spektor)
Aud fixed a great veggie omelet this am with mushrooms, spinach & zucchini
also amusing is that #10 under "Food & Drink" is misspelled--it's Rachael, not Rachel.
Aww so sorry to hear that!
love u
yayaayay. Lol i feel the same way. My school sucks nickybalzz
You lost me . Anything else you want to know ?
With our Kid Safe Child ID card you can carry your children's medical information on a credit card designed USB drive. This can save a life!
Happy Valentines Day! EROCK
It was great seeing you!! :)
Missing the days I would go to sleep to your songs...
5 girls are gonna be lucky to me called Mrs.Styles, Mrs.Payne, Mrs.Tomlinson, Mrs.Horan and Mrs.Malik!! :)
One hour at a time
Just did so much hw! School is almost done!
We're pimping you guys at Southwest Regional Folk Alliance
Hanging out at REI flagship store, complete with starbucks & kids play area
So people will be able to read texts in their car in MD but not respond? Interesting new law--I wonder if it will do any good.
Its #SPRINGFLING! Check it out!
Waffle fries: because different shaped potatoes taste better.
I am sure your candidate would do the same... Sit this one out, focus on SC.
You guys are too cute.
...received the results from the Most Fascinating Librarian Blog of 2012 contest, by Accelerated Degrees...my blog made #5 on the list. :)
I love you !!!! Can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!
Time to #sprint! See you all in 60min!
im gona go to sleep early morning tomorrow goodnight :)
hello all I just Published a new poetry novel The Book of Poems of That Traveler if you would info. on my poetry novel just email.
what bout ayers? He's one who allowed the 6 on 5 finish at WkU
Did anyone find beer in their Easter basket?
Drill in the morning..I'm out!
#iWantToGiveAShoutoutTo (: happy birthday chump (:
Welcome. Now you just need to catch up on the two thousand tweets you would have written the past two years.
Hope the trade show goes ok!
If you're stupid enough to do the cinnamon challenge you deserve to chokee on the cinnamon...and the spoon -_-
RIP Cody Bear, you are already missed.
So apparently you are not allowed to take photographs in Starbucks. Odd, eh? National security risk?
If you can pack a concert hall with 700 people all buying tickets to see us, I'm pretty sure we'll book a show!
do it!
“: How does one find an assassin for cats. Craigslist?” yes, but make sure they take the 9 lives thing into acct.
I lube the nightlife! I like to boogie...on the disco round!
happy birthday!!!:)
If you gotta burn midnight oil writing a brief, you might as well have "A Few Good Men" running in the background.
WOW WHY
15% OFF Coldstone Creamery! Only w/ a
thank u for voting for me : )
im sleepy, but a sister's gotta eat!! #fatprobs .!
RT Sometimes God removes ppl out of your life if they left u let them go move forward and God will bring the right ppl
omg lol that's not funny
"i want you to want to do the dishes"
I know are you going tomorrow
Thanks, you're the second best!
I'm going to guess it's probably someone from Creighton
Hitting Nashville, Tupelo, Memphis and St Louis next week! This has got me geeked up!
So sleepy. Goodnight earth. Now to catch some dreams
Great meeting you too RT : Thanks for following Rich! Nice to meet you!
Beautiful day with my girl and her fam <3 Hope everyone had a great Easter
Lesson of the day: Don't get a french manicure right before you cook for your dinner party.
Did anyone else order from Amazon with day shipping? I did and it said it would be here by Tues and yet it still hasn't shipped!!
Whoa! I just saw a noho ho.
Austin's Wannabes Hoot Night, July 1st, the Hole in the Wall. 10 or more bands. Live Wannabes 6.30.11, 2pm, on KUT 90.5 Stream
agreed!!!! But yea. Wish they hadn't done it
Really, running with a tuba. Kudos kid!
Chics hate too! “: yup and laugh at all of the guys who are devastated by the fact that you're in a relationship
Dear David Stern that was the BIGGEST hater move in sports history!! The Heat did it, Celtics too. Seems like a lil East coast bias.
yeah well I know some people that can get shit done, like bug the hell out of famous people!
probably the most viable option. These are desperate times
+1 RT : Why are there going to be extra CPACs this year? Isn't one more than enough torture?
Just the fact that he's struggling in battleground states against a little known ideologue spells disaster for Romney.
Just read that DCPL has a Special Collections Library. That's pretty awesome.
“: Goal: See one of the Sonic servers fall on their butt and all the food fall with them.” YES.
Good night tweets. 1st call for me tomorrow is a 4 AC & 4 Furnace system house! It is in Carmel, so lunch at or
I realized this as I left and my heart broke a little more.
Haven't finished yet- will need to order books (long wait!). Made connections today with Heart of Darkness. Thanks for resource!
Happy Birthday Jay Sean
HAHAH oh yes I definately remember those... gotta love reminiscing
My first video almost has 600 views!
#factory reset
I just mailed something from my office to her apartment which are approximately 1 block away from each other. lazy? probably.
" Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but what we give. "~~Dr. Ben Carson
THIS! RT : hope he grows the beard back, m.
thanks for waiting until the scab is gone :)
you forgot to text me
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
"Black Men aren't dangeous when they are in jail. They are dangerous when the are well educated."--Dr. George McKenna
Pretty sure it ain't a bad idea to keep Randy wolf away from a pair of scissors!
Im such a cartoon geek at heart. And I love it.
The Studio 13 Refugees will be providing some study break entertainment tomorrow night in Marquette Hall 200 at 8pm!
Jimi Hendrix is not dead!... God just asked for guitar lessons.
Thanks so much! So far it's been busy, but no complaints =)>
Sounds like a bunch of angry bees in a can. STHU!!!
Dropping off my baby at his house<3
Making even more dreams come true...may we help you?
Hi, Ms. Sonnack. Are you currently looking for picture books? Thanks!
Happy father's day gentlemen!
IT'S ALL GOOD! IT'S MY SWAG ANYWAYS LOL
Man, every iHop is packed.
If I feel like im being ignored i can gave u the best letin alone a females has ever gave u i won't fuck with u i dont have time 4 games
I love the WORDS of the Doolander, but getting shown up via social networking by a 20yo punk does not scream "leadership in action".
#ObamaDerbyNames "From Me to Dogs to Obama's Supper Plate"
thank you for telling me royce RTd me i didnt even notice
Goodmorning how r u ?:)can u follow me please?!:)ily
most important pit stop of the race and JR gets nailed for speeding. He just cost his team a top 5.
yeah it actually wasn't the NCAA it was the mountain west. So the NCAA still blows
I'm glad to hear u guys appreciated my hard work but for some reason I sense some sarcasm in ur comments. Haha!
Did I give you guys a good laugh?
Still 1-1 Turner and Brodhead as we go to the fourth in softball
Hi... Sorry I've been very busy lately and haven't been on twitter much. Hope all is well in your world. :)
that's some bs if they did an ani't call you.
Richard Garriott's dad was a astronaut, wanted to be as well. Health issues kept him from being one. Took a different path
I can't wait for the 56 to be complete man it looks awesome!!!!!!!
Happy Valentine's Day neighbor!
I hate the fact that whenever you're trying to be nice some bitch comes and fucks with ur mood
RT : Stop being deceived to have a computer and webcam to earn Handsomely. Sign up and earn $10,000 enjoying life -...
you put your baby in the hands of a black hole...
I will check for you! I believe we might only have those in Ocean City, so let me email the managers.
if you could earn money every month just by drinking your favorite beverage, what would you be drinking?
"We are so much further along now." Clearly, Ryan isn't further along now...
Five things to remember: be thankful, work hard, have no fear, be healthy, and be nice -
Mel Daniels has the best laugh in the universe. Video confirmation coming up at 5:35pm on WISH-TV.
just this week and next week. i can do this.
guess i know my dads opinion of gays lol
Decemberists coming to Missoula, July. Too bad I'll be in Mongolia.
Opening day with the boys!
Late party's are awesome.
My head hurts.! I'm out <U+270C>
going for a run and then hitting the road for the run.maybe i will go for other runs when on the run. or maybe not.
Hahahaha is so funny. They're like you. ;) Jk!
now remember not three.... just two... back to back ;) hahahaa
RT : Do you know someone who spent time at Wounded Warriors Center in Landstuhl? We want your story! email
like ross
I'm free to be whatever I, whatever I choose. (Oasis lyrics)
yeah what am I thinking
Yep. He's your Homie. Not. LLCoolJay and Sir Paul McCartney? They probably going out for bangers & mash after the
Aww c'mon. You already did an east coast US tour. Come to the west coast US, we have cookies!
Baseball is boring until August 25. needs to cut down the regular season at least by half.
I love you Jesse.
If I'm the AD at Nebraska, I'm hiring Joe Paterno as an assistant coach by tomorrow. Wear it Penn State
This is very worthy of a RT "The most successful people are those who are good at plan B." --James Yorke
Oh, lecture-writing - how I didn't miss you over the break...
Ha, "Welcome Home" by Storyline on the Ethic stereo now. Anyone else wanna catch a "Alumni" rerun? More news on the band coming shortly, btw
glad you found it!
Eating awesome pork chops.
Its been 2 months since i saw you and still in my mind every second
did u know that no. 1 fear is losing what we currently have? TY Madeleine Blanchard
so stoked you have no clue
Thanks for following me back. I love your music. What is your youtube?
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good. ~ Ann Landers
Huge awesome crowd at this morning!
If you're trying really hard to break it and it still ain't broke: NOW I'm impressed.
follow back peace and blessings bro!
Hey hot stuff!(:
Niall! :D Lot of fans in Turkey. Get the news. And they were all in love with you. :D :D
Which #Baltimore #Raven do you think was in the #BlueRock #studio this week?
Holiday gaming is officially over for me. Played lots of video & board games these past two weeks. Time to get back to real work. …bummer.
Say Something is amazing!!! Austin I'm so proud!!
#WFFConf12. Sally Hogshead "we need to learn to unlearn how to be boring- we are hard-wired to be fascinating."
Smooth week :3
yes!!! That would be awesome! And I loved your Ustream tonight[:
hug back! Been so long without your face in my life :/ <3
Don't get to see any of my favorites tonight :(
calling me a hoe?
Happy Halloween to you to beautiful Ashley
congrats on the funding and the release!
I don't want to ruin the end for anyone, but the office ends up not being funny.
I'm tired, night twitter! :D
ugh! Way to not invite me! :(
My mom is now cancer free <3
At CPE for partnerships and s-corps
ty :0 and i am doing a little better now that i am out of the h ospital
We will be serving 3-Course Lunch and Dinner Menus Monday-Saturday starting August 10th - 15th and August 17th - 22nd.
- I thought so too. Had low expectations going in but was really impressed leaving... Was it a reload?
The support has been juicy and delicious! I haven't heard from the City Manager yet, but it could be any day.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I don't care about your whole damn life story, I just met you, #tmi .
How have you been?!
new Non-coms merchandise..COMING SOON!
Perfectly fine without me. Its best for the both of us.
Happy Earth Day everyone! Check out our green website: www.sojoinc.com/green
The rapid merchant adoption of the consumer rewards platform reminds me of the succesful introduction of the Discover credit card
love ya too ;)
What is your mind focused on today? “ The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of Hell, a hell of Heaven. ” John Milton
RT : "What's your email address?" "ridemywave69 at gmail" "Seriously? You are 33 years old."
Caffeine, eat, nap, tan, swim, tan, drink, eat, nap, tan, swim, tan, nap, drink, eat, drink, sleep.
I came up in the George Perez era of the Avengers. His art stills amazes me. That man can pack a panel with so much detail.
If conservative Catholics and liberals are both pissed about Obama's #contraception deal, it's probably a good compromise, eh? Am I wrong?
That's why I didn't include the picture. ;)
I just discovered it!!
Working on a project to help raise funds for local #Michigan families who have a child with #Autism. Save the date for Oct 5 6pm till 12 am
What time does the USA game start? Is it at 12 something or later?
Did you just call me a baby? Oh wait....
I have unsubscribed from Jam Mail 71 times and I still get Jam Mail. With Chicago tour dates. WTF?
At SDLFF enjoyed "El Regalo de la Pachamama" taking place in the Bolivian salt flats; a docu on "Dzi Croquettes" a Brasilian drag group;
Today is flying by. Make it stop!!
isn't there a giant antenna on top of it? Irony at it's finest
asked myself the same question. Talk about letting your guard down. This pattern is what concerns me come playoff time.
Nigga Lafayette bored as bitch for real
Welcome to the family. Glad to have you. We will win a gold medal together next summer.
Woke up mad.
I got that impression, too.
it maybe rainy outside but the pickled pepper cheese burger is hot, hot, hot! come in and enjoy one today
I probably won't be on WebCamClub today due to car issues, or will be on later today. Will post here ;)
The backstaber does have A twitter account it is orecul321 and fb it is lucero guadalupe Gil
Not on this ipod haha
blech... 2 hours of sleep+amp= a good freaking day
you get all the hook ups at the palms right ??
no problem. U got anymore heat SEND IT IM GAME BIGG HOMIE!!!!
#phish "Back on the Train" played during TV Broadcast of and
it would be nice if these were playable on iPhone and available on the iPhone app
That'd be really great! But we'll actually not be in San Francisco this week but in the Central Valley instead. Another time?
Thanks, Darlene. We're very overwhelmed and still reeling a bit ourselves. Thank you for being there.
I get one particular bag inconsistently challenged on those smaller planes. It always makes it on, though.
Sounds good! I hope you can make it out as well!
More Photos are coming soon!
I don't understand why they would call him up so soon. Seems like a bonehead GM move.
was it good? Excited to see the show
& i was thinking "daddy's always the best when it comes to money" for the rest of the afternoon
Up at 8am today. Not. Cool. Need. Sleep. But if I didn't wake myself up, I would have slept till 2. M. Sleeping in is for BABIEZ!
Thanks. Always great to be in our newsroom. But some days better than others! RT : Congratulations Greg!
Yesterday I missed a rainbow. Today it was a stealth bomber. I need to leave work earlier.
Can't wait to work my ass off with my girl Time to shower though. Gotta look my best before I look like shit.
i think i broke my finger
So ima ask my mom nicely for her to buy me an electric guitar :)
On repeat: 'Listen' by Beyoncè
No matter where life takes me find me with a smile, pursuit to be happy only laughin like a child.......!
Goodnight beautiful moonlight! Wishing you restful sleep when it's time to close your eyes tonight. Sweet dreams. :-)
Pastor Tim preached the lights out!! I hope he keeps changing life's everywhere he goes to build God's kingdom.
Thanks! Whisky tour sounds great but we will be there earlier in Aug. Will definitely look @ the rest, incl the classes!
Finally! Some rain! My allergies have been killing me!!
Strawberry blond are cool and funny!
Blue Vision Summit ocean policy session just concluded - funding & communications are challenges
Independent artists tell you their dreams and a perspectives. Listen!
Jennings is playing out of his mind. the #Bucks are trying to make a comeback.
BULL af , you know damn wee you aint a virgin .
People generally lack confidence in their ability to pick other people out of line-ups.
We are DEVO tonight! Can't wait!!!
wanna have a gang bang party? With Robert, Alex, Austin and da babies? ;)
false...Forever Michael is his best most pure body of work
same here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Happy to see numerous magazine and print culture panels at #msa13, along with a few on DH.
HIGHER LEARNING MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY FOR HOLIDAY THE HUSTLA! SATURDAY APRIL 7th FROM 3 to 8 @ THE RUMBA ROOM 303 SOUTH MAIN ST
What is an underwear bomb?
Where is the bathroom?
well thank you <3
Government procurement plans will hit small firms
Dear Chicago cabs, start changing your oil, its part standard vehicle maintenance, doing business and not killing the planet at stoplights.
It's a Frigidaire. Looks like the heating element and broiler don't work. Sucks!
Great! Did you get a tour yet? If you hang out by the Library Service Desk I can come down right now.
“: NOLA” see you soon!
I need to be on your level
What's fun? Listening to Lil Wayne's "John" while Im at work.
Looks like we'll be taking dracula over to the shanghai tunnel tonight.
Run. Don't be stupid. That's your question? RT What's your first play?
Sounds... legit...
I tried texting you before but you never replied. ;(
For the record, Braun and Weeks aren't on Twitter.
Tonight's grading/finals fuel: MSTRKRFT
11 minutes to go until is on mah screen
I'm not knocking Duran Duran, good band - in their day! moneywise? ask who will know the going rates!
better known as the fire man stripper.. Im not interested in what your selling.
you're better than a simple girl!! You're more important than a simple girl! :P
A racino hearing is scheduled for today at the Capitol. More info at 5am on
love messing with people on facebook
Good times...(:
Made it home after traveling around Europe. My travels are on hold for a little while now
RT Wow! Brett Favre made Mother Nature so mad that a tornado touched down in downtown Minneapolis! ~ HA!
Good morning!
Can't wait any longer for the pumpkin spice late to be in season!
eek let's eat at 7 That's when I get off hehe
sick as hell and still productive cause
What was that cool wireframing tool you showed me a while back?
Wondering when I should get the swamp cooler going for the summer season.
Time to start getting ready for school. I really dont feel like going at all.
unfortunately. and those... those legs!
So, CRJ seniors & families: what did you think of tonight's "100 Nights 'til Graduation" dinner? Let us know!!!
Were gonna be June 2-3 to learn more about #WordPress, where are you gonna be? Meet our Marketing Coordinator
Google Offers Analytics for Your Inbox
Okay good night!
Now I see what the big deal is w/Spotify - sharing playlists. Took me a minute to appreciate it even though I don't care much for the UI.
What? Leaving where? RT : YOU LEAVING?
double double animal style :)
Great wrestlemania!! All matches were great!! Well.. Cept the divas match. A+
Macadelic is a pretty good mixtape.
Do you have gluten free everyday @ 82nd St location???
My books are SO cool this semester.
You might not notice me, but I've been here since the beginning and I'll be here forever more. I love you Austin<3 :D
Execs appreciate the power, flexibility, speed, pricing, features & secure server interfaces #travel booking & mgmt.
AWH I GOTTA ENGLISH PAPER TO DO FUCK.
would love to meet you at #CTIA. DM me and we can connect.
I wanted to say f wrk 2day. I should b out havn fun too. Maybe nxt yr. Oh I got off 2moro ready to spend my check lol
you never know!
On the way to Evansville... Yay..
Anybody know of any good games for iPhone?
This long distance is killing me...
Thank you for the RT! She's a little trooper! Made it through winter (I was worried but we had a very mild winter)
I guess the fish is cured with the salt,cause I'm thinking been out for 2 days??Hell no man,lol
its raining like a mothefucker up in here:-(
Need beatz..?? Hit up my boyz and ASAP..!!
Here's to the Directioners who buy magazines only for the 1D posters and pictures.
My teacher knows about the iconic Boyz .... She even said she would even come to me and madisons wedding :D OMG <333
the wilderness territory is so fuckin amazing..i dont even wanna leave..lol best spring break ever
REDLINE with , you should be at #PrideConditioning gettin your sweat on!
I don't believe everything I read on twitter but it would be swell if the rumor about you visiting #SanDiego tmrw was true.
to continue the #whinge why isn't this already indexed?!? i was shocked by this - knowing genealogy i shouldn't be but still
RT attending another Response event on Tuesday in Greenville SC.
my hair stylist of the hour waz up im so happy u found me !!!!!!!
Marvin Gaye documentary is on point!
added revenue boost with the new contract??
nice to meet you.
I appreciate Will's interest. I just have three days of stories to edit (sat, sun mon) and a family to get home to.
So glad that the week is almost over! This weekend is gonna be awesome!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 362
Finishing "My Word," an ethnographic study of plagiarism in universities (Susan Blum.) Cool book, interesting argument.
I am classy. I always pronounce schedule "shed-jewel".
Sweet! I figured you'd like it, having good taste 'n' all. ;)
Thank you SOCA for giving structure to an otherwise rainy, sleepy Saturday.
#Listening to Cigarettes And Coffee by Otis Redding.
10 Ways to reduce the amount of paper your use in your apartment!
No Chicha Libre for me tonight. Will not #partylikeajournalist, I'll leave that to and
Keep Tooting.
late start today, heading to Clinton, Oklahoma on Route 66.
Good things come... RT : Cannot wait for to take the stage !
love it when you talk that talk to me
RT - Eric Plunk, Andy Marte, Ben Broussard, Casey Blake, and Mike Rouse, in that order, are my most hated Cleveland Indian...
If You Have A Dream & You're Following It, I Love You
Obama is a quality guy. Support him or not, you've got to admit that he's shown courage and compassion today
On train to NYC for fifth trip during April. Looking forward to less travel in May.
"Its how I like to dress" is no excuse for wearing leather, metal studded biker shorts, a basketball jersey 3 sizes too big, and hightops.
I don't even know how to handle the weather lately. My solution is to stay inside and pretend it's not happening.
The serenity prayer keep repeating in ma head. Thinking hard i just messed ma bed up 2 let ma pain go a lil. Didnt wrk much
“: BURNED the stage up #CMchat” thank you for playing Monday! You were great!
Considering busting out some "Sleepwalk" or "Telstar" next Thursday night. A case of bowed suitcase syndrome?
Not a unified voice but Librarian voice should inform the discussion. #il2011 yes it should or why does the culture really need us?
best weekend ever!!! I'm sorry I let you down on the mac & cheese, but at least we had late night pizza! Love YOU!
Michael Jackson Skate Night comes once in a while, but we can go skating any time...and should!
Landfills, sad
Dude, I feel like such a loner. No one has texted me all day. Why does life hate me
good man, Blaise!
being me some deadass
I already decorated mine. haha mines not that good. you should dm it to me!!! I already entered mine. i won't win. haha
the cultural downfall of America, specifically our generation.
I love the guerilla book action!
#Pinterest, #Wordpress, #Twitter, #Facebook, #Tumblr, #PressReleases = it sure is hard to keep up with all things...
Show Saturday in Jeanette,pa! Busy summer ahead of us. Stay tunes for your dates and more recording!
Summer goals: Eat less. Get skinnier. and Dance more.
will you follow me???
because I fucked up and fell asleep... You should be talking to me instead of reading this depressing shit
word is she is engaged. Still have faith in you though stud.
music saves <3
I'm learning how to pace myself. Time creating businesses....Time feeding the feral cats....Time at the piano....Time tweeting...more time
I'm struck by how much great literature boils down to taste. My add would be Ken Kesey's One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
National Archives research day 2 and a shout out to phenomenal archivist Mary Frances for her help this morning.
Charter Oak College briefs
bugs for sale who dares to eat them???tweet what bugs you've eaten people!!
Dear Dr.Fritz, -you can take these braces off my teeth instead of putting more on. They hurt like crap! -thats all. Love, Brittany.<3
She looks like a good fucker ok? She looks like she can take a dick... Some women pride themselves in their dick-taking ability.
I love your early product designs!
my echofon app started doing that yesterday. Not sure what it means
I wasnt going to kill all of them... I just needed to make an example out of one...lol Maybe just ko him.
agreed. I also see it through backstage/playbill/nycastings for MT and film/tv too. Not sure why some companies want snail mail
“The strong isn’t the one who never falls, but the one who rises again every time he falls" -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe-
i was talking too Shaune yesterday bro.. We need too bang out a song playa! The industry needs our talent asap!
Springsteen loves & respects Cleveland it showed during his set list & energy Tuesday night!
RT : the do/don't-learn-to-code thing seems to be a real windfall for people who needed something new to argue about
Thanks for the welcome : De Gruyter Mouton is now on Twitter! If you're in the linguistics game, check it out!
My problem with ebooks is that I won't be able to beat my future kids with them if they disappoint me academically.
We do not stop exercising because we grow old - we grow old because we stop exercising- Dr. Kenneth Cooper. RT this if you agree!
can I be one of your lucky followers? :)
Dads Comin Today . Goin To See Avengers .
Waiting for you to tweet...right now this looks like a spammer account
#20ThingsAboutMe i wanna be a tattoo artist
My only connection to STL is that my husband is from there but I'm looking forward to following you to feel more connected!
thanks for the RT
no it makes you a Californian. :)
We are back from lunch break and are reviewing #120033 Holy Cross Lutheran School.
It's COKE and WALMART for me! Just to piss someone off.. :)
I love Niall :(
It was chillen, me and my team produced 2 songs
I didn't... I started watching Parking Wars and I'm still laying here watching tv. :/
Every thought about personalizing your harley to make it light up? Check out Illuminated windshields w/ Led lights www.darksideshields.com
Mon Entree Special: Caramelized Yellowfin Tuna on a bed of Red Wine Braised Cabbage with Stone Ground Mustard Butter Sauce
"Balls so hard muhfuckas wanna find you?" those muhfuckas are doctors jay, sounds like testicular cancer they're trying to save ur life
My roommates throw tantrums, fight naked, bathe together & ask me to change their diapers. Annoying. Oh wait, they're my kids.
thx but, clearly you haven't seen us before coffee in the morning :) -CarolV, IF Twittrer
If you feel the same let me know before its to late
> Any chance I run into a Matt Speigel at The Abbey tonight?
#RelationshipsShould be based on #Reality and not that fake #loviedovie shyt U see on t.v.
then why are you watching the canucks? They embellish everything just like eurotrash soccer
Interesting concept! Its JJ, so that's promising.
RT SNAP fraud rates are lower than ever. Stop criminalizing poor people and POC!
You were frikkin awesome Mike. GREAT JOB!
Hahahaha yep that's me! THE famous Ariel Faraci.
Probably not going Back to Consortium next year.
He (Obama) won't (turn the economy around). We will. ;)
Thanks for the RT!
Thanks for the RT!
Good Morning! On the way to Kerrville to the doctor. Then to Fredericksburg to my favorite butcher and Pie Company! Lunch and Bakery too!
so each of us buy one ? Lol
How was I not following Hot Chelle Rae on this account
Every #Brewers game lately involves halftime adjustments. Tonight: pitchers' duel followed by batting practice. Good D by Weeks, Morgan.
Bring on the caps
Lol, what part are you from?
had a blast wit u lastnite & still remaining champ Da knockout king AH GOO-NIGHT! GO TO SLEEP n he did ! ;) lmfao
Why would someone want a Palin sticker on their car? Are they trying to tell everyone that they're an idiot?
he looks sad :(
ill be back Wednesday!
RT Why "hooters"? Who decided breasts looked like owls? They were wrong.
Oh my word!
I have such great friends ha.
Shortage of prescription generic drugs in Canada is not a recent event: CMAJ
that's could work!
RT so your ass couldn't invite me! Smh!// I got u next time boo pwomise!! Lol
Ana bieber :'(
Hey good morning. FYI won. Have a great day
#ConfessionTime i am strong believer and child of God! My faith grows everyday and his blessings overwhelms me!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
what the hell?!
I plan on being there! Not sure, but I would think Friday would be the BIG day for all attending!
um on yo trail follow back
Remember to stop, look and listen today. God wants to encourage your heart.
Seniors last day today! #bittersweet wish I was there! See you all at senior banquet though!
right!!! staged !!! Then muh fuggas weak and setting people up
Need a new tattoo!
hey don't be hatin on my Spurs!! They are old but the shorter year means Championship!!
the Paranormal Activity movies are great.
yes rock n roll should be on the album
I have a crick in my neck today. I can hardly turn my head <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Happy 420!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : I'm a total geek: results from the 2012 state of online analytics in #highered make me happy. Will share soon.
Man is it cold in here...
All signed up with Google+ beta, is this the next big thing? Reminds me of the early days, Netscape/Explorer battle, feel like that to you?
Where did "Dr." Wendy Walsh get her PHD? Her website left that out. "If he hates his mother, he'll hate you"?? Proven fact huh?
The worst part about being sick is losing almost all your taste buds.
RT Spending the night with cancer patients reminds me why blood donations are vital
Good Morning Twits
I'm sure when kids transfer from Duke, they get restricted. The rule needs tweaking, but exists for reason
wow what kind of name is that
agree about product, but shouldn't dictate decision. Lots of benefits outside of NBA. I need to see my Bette Midler shows.
that don't sound bad
thank you for being one of the 19 Repubs who voted no on Ryan's Budget Plan yesterday.
Wonder if Lt. Col. Ransom knows Captain 8 Ball.
The epitome of SWAG. President Obama!
You might be able to catch me on YES or ESPN at Yankee Stadium I'm 3 rows from the field down the Right Field line
You're very welcome. Keep up the good work “: Thanks so much for your support!!”
thanks for all the luv everyone!
You can do a batch rotation in Irfanview if you can specify the slant (it won't autodetect, but will batch edit/save)
Tonight will be the last time I going to tweet for a while due to the circumstances
mami i been looking for you
What is that 7 hits in a row?
I asked god for a bicycle, but I know god doesn't work that way, so I stole a bicycle and asked for forgiveness
more than a feeling by boston rocks!!! greatest band of the 70's
has to be his wife
About to go fishing <U+E019><U+E522>
I guess I was spelling your name right lol
ok, we're thinking of Elsa's on the Park with ? We are at the Lake moving west but could stay.
what's that?
I wish I didn't care, shid would be a lot easier.
must be braces tightening. that was always fun times.
c is for cookie, that's good enough for me.
Howay the lads indeed good sir! 5th is still an amazing achievement!!! Above Chelski and Liverpool :-D!
Hell yea but who needs sleep. Lol
Story time! Tonight she picked "Mary Poppins." Well played, kid. Well played.
Gosh... i can't believe i slept my whole break! >_<
At amandas. An her grandma said she gonna take my phone if she see it ha ha ha bring it on old lady!
gotta lot of shit on mind dont even know the half of it
No problem! You too!
I love the demo.... It's such an awesome song, I can't wait for REVOLUTION AIRWAVES:) JR
NOPE! Never scratched!
Always, ALWAYS! RT : Are you following ?? And if you aren't you should be! Secrets will be unveiled soon
Incumbent Vice President Courtney Dombroski, running unopposed. Platform: expansion of #rawconf, creating longevity for
Nothin like reading dense archival literature on modern appraisal theory when it's so beautiful out
your a Pistons fan too right?
Let's Go... RT : thank you for opening my eyes to the wonderful world of
This pizza is going to be dope!
Start DOING instead of thinking~Start Believing instead of doubting~Start Loving instead of loathing~Start CHANGING and things WILL CHANGE~
So does this mean you're coming in earlier this year? LOL
S/O to my beautiful sister !! She killed it tonight with the vocals! and I guess did aiightttt too..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
gear hellla militant... fuck'n with these immigrants...
I became a Spam eater when I was there...you could get it at McDonalds! He could do a whole season of spam recipes!
If the Internet goes out is there a central location in New York for us to drop off handwritten tweets?
Big 12.... Ha.... Missouri.... Hahahaha.... Wrong again analysts. #defense>offense
Mr Welch did you know Mr Barr passed in an auotmobile accident Mar 16, 2012. Bless ya JACK!
How did I know this would be Tenacious D related?
Thank you very much! Beat up on LeBron & company for me tonight! (If they even play!)
Block this number
Good luck to your boy and his team tonight DD. Tweet updates and keep us posted out here in the boondocks!
GIRLS:When a boy starts to cry, you know somethings wrong talk to him make him feel better, dont bring him down more than he already is
Happy Monday Huskies!
Can you say 'This job sucks' boys and girls?
Huff the Magic Dragon needs a clean inning after Kipnis HR gives Tribe early lead
I wish I was at Dish, in the fine city of Rotterdam.
"Saussure was a neokantian" "the hell he was" "he was too, you boys. I installed two way mirrors in his pad in Brentwood"
Great meeting today with Ronald McDonald House NYC Bill Sullivan - as CEO Bill has had 7 years of mission impact & growth..helping more kids
It ws so hot in new office today be4 I figured out how to turn on airconditioning tht I ws abt to declare it bikini day tomorrow.
in n out for dinner... what could be better?
Life without coffee is like . . . . .
Just finished watching "The Cabin in the Woods" thats a tripy movie ... wow
stay safe smart move to be tweeting.
Fernando Cardamom defeats Fidel Maldonado via TKO in the second!!!
The Blues clutch, grab, & obstruct more than the Red Wings. Pavs and Big Joe have two guys draped on 'em every shift.
good ol' gospel...
I hate wen older ladies be mean mugging wat is your issue old lady
Friday the thirteenth, I dropped my new phone and now the screen is busted!
Good morning, and a happy work week to everyone!
I could not agree more. The standard for journalists is high for anonymous sources. Why not for commenters?
I like 'ritas more than beer. :((((
how are you Bas?
I warned you.
are you picking me up in the VW or the Subaru?
Tune into to see put the #Ravens number 3,all they do is win!
Christopher: "An enemy is a person whose stories we haven't heard."
We have Clarisonic Mia in all three colors: White, Yellow and Pink and with the 20% OFF promotion everyone should own one. But hurry, the...
good morning sexy;) xoxo
The SEI's free 3-part video training course titled; How to easily and simply 2X or 3X your wealth over your lifetime releases next week.
73 degrees in south carolina <3
thanks so much it is only tuesday so we got time to get more
about to drop a new video
When you have a number of disagreeable duties to perform, always do the most disagreeable first.
#20thingsaboutme I go through pointe shoes like most teenagers go through beer bottles. Dance is my outlet.
Just discovered that our schedule works out so that and I can go to Baton Rouge for the LSU-Bama football game!!!
#nyy #yankees I'm a huge Mark Teixeira fan (not a popular position to take these days). His defense alone makes him super valuable Continued
Alabama Rethinks Tough Immigration Law
is your phone dead?
Greetings on the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord God and Savior Jesus Christ! Christ is Born!
Thanks for being a part of this special weekend ! :)
tuesday go away from me.
While most factoring involves business-to-business activities, in a big percentage of retail factoring, a factoring principal is used.
On the third day you can feed 3/4 new food and only 1/4 old food. And finally, you switch your pet to eating all new food
Great set tonight! I think you blew up my brain.
New posting on YouTube later this afternoon...Who's excited?
No problem, keep me posted on all your happenings.
Still looking for hard money lenders in SE Florida. These properties are going fast, quick closings are getting the deals!!
Everyone changes, yes even the people you don't want to be changed! It's LIFE!
I was having such a good day until I found out I forgot EVERYTHING
what ever
ok I'll hook you up
I am apartment hunting today. Txting u bout weekend.
Turkey gravy is a great soother for tired vocal cords. Take time to rest, give thanks & spend time with your peeps. Happy Thanksgiving!
RT : Great talk on how B2B campaigns can be cost effective and engaging--even when product isn't sexy Thx #bwhds<thx!
Although we dislike all this rain, it might just be the best weather to study in. What else can you really do?
...and mostly in the midst of travel with , and production of records by some amazing songwriters both due by end of spring
By all means necessary...
hey! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> miss u too! What have you been doing?
How long are you here for?
Why at this time of the year ate girls so dramatic
Excited to be going to Beijing to represent SD w & We'll see how excited I am after 18 hrs of travel. Hui tou jian!
I cocked my hat like a homeboy for
"I am not afraid. I was born to do this." - Joan of Arc
I've worn leggings as pants once for an 80's party. Beyond that, I don't think it's ever acceptable :)
"Good Times" when J.J. battles Sweet Daddy?
Thank you to and the rest of the sponsors of the Young MKE Holiday Gala!
Go GIANTS!!
#holidaytraffic in Miami is insane.
Come join us tonight in the Roger lounge from 5-8pm for happy hour! Choose one or all of our $5.00 menu items. The bruschetta looks good!
Who knows someone that cuts hair and is good at it?! <U+2702> I don't trust a lot of people with my hair because some like to chop it all off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
trying to decide between the Mormons and the Shakers for next week's video history session in my American history class.
Love allows you to see the good in a person, even when no one else does.
I would do that but afraid I'll bug the landlady. Don;t want to be stressed during my first listen :)
S/O to for basically being awesome :)
It's time to go
Hey what a coincidence! Yall are on about disease and my nose has ventured forth in becoming a snot jetpack.
5 ft behind
you have to remember that the country is full of bandwagon pats fans. The line should move higher. Gimme giants and 3.
i say peanutbutter and you say....ladies!..mhmm!
It's in Macedonian... It means 'Are you kidding me?!' lol!
Need 13 more followers to reach 500.....HELP me out.
Here we go!
Now that I have the day off, what should I do with it? Not used to these kinds of decisions.
on #Leadership - When are liars, lying? Not a stellar week in politics: Blago, Weiner, Edwards
Great day reading scenes with my friend, #director #writer #actor Lucky me! Fun
lol that's good. I'm at lunch right now xP
So I decided tonight that I've been away from the ivories too long. I'm going to start studying piano again. Anyone know a good teacher?
“: That was my first time watching the show. Lucky me! I will def be watching again. #winningI"” kudos! C u soon :)
It's early but the Thunder look very efficient on offense so far. Of course it helps when KD comes out hot.
trying to connect my blog, I was able to save my Web site from the Collrge site, before erased, I am so happy, i had given up on it
Sometimes things happen only when you believe they can happen, even if your not sure you can do it, if you believe you can...You can!
Man, it is so good. But any way you get it, best burger in town.
#Celtics lead #Hawks, 22-15, after one quarter. Paul Pierce has 9 points, Jeff Teague has 5 points.
ok, I emailed you.
09 Bastianich Vespa Bianco. One of best Italian whites I've found. #Chardonnay blend. Lush floral nose. Honey, melon, peach. 93 pts
hahaha where at? what was your appearence?
follow back? Please.. Btw love your new video! I surely will buy one (:
The #deal is still happening, #pricemobsters! Head to Thomas st. Bistro if ur in #Seattle and get a four course entree for only 12.99 !
It's always so nice to get to do something you love :-)
Oh boy.
It's meaning is sort of like "I want the best for you!" Been reading for 4 yrs, so it's silly, but yeah
wise young man!!!
Merry Christmas!
If any followers on here are good at writing...Looking for someone to write a musician bio. Contact if interested.
i didnt mean to retweet that, i meant to quote it:b
Gosh darn I'm tired. Running on 2 hours of sleep.
Do not waver...do not flip flop...do not blink...do not sleep...do not eat dog...do not spend thee unborn's not yet made money...
Mike James and Anthony Miles have willed #Lamar back into this game. Pair have 22 of team's 42 pts. #Vermont lead down to 52-42 w/ 9:29 left
That funny moment when my teacher asked me to watch over Wyatt because she doesn't trust him by himself XD
Said final farewells to today. I'll miss him. I await tweets from the other side.
I'm sure they will
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic."- Arthur C. Clarke
I'll pass I want chocolate
unconvincing win against a poorly coached team
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Family spokesman: Famed painter Thomas Kinkade dies at age 54 .
("The Memorial Anniversary Of The Emancipation")….. "Coming In 2013"….. ("What Have Blacks Done…With A 150 Years?")
RT : Who's first? (Do I get paid your salary for 2 weeks if I make it through?)
Our new website should be live in a couple weeks as well as releases from our artists. Keep an eye out.
If these walls could talk I'd fuckin' move out immediately.
What's the best new fashion trends you've seen lately?
yay! sounds good :)
One year in DC is not long enough to make me love this place.
I havnt been to work in 4 weeks! I hope my ID badge still open my door! LMAO I hope they ain't move the hospital without me knowing :-/
Horray for Saturday! Join at today.
There is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face.
#FF: Places we would love to have on Half-Off Milwaukee:
ignore it. if he knew you, he'd LOVE you! :)
feel free to steal away! I've been meaning to actually design a new theme for my blog, anyway. :D And your blog is lovely!
Fed up with your auto repair bills? We can ease the burden on your insurance through the internet.
Going to bed early again lol bye
hahahah good idea
One call back out of the way, on audition left.
You bet! 1
Down to the wire on this reedit of the film...okay...let's do it!!!
Read any good Anomalous Books lately? It's the only kind we publish. Pick up one or three and find out for yourself.
Watching South Park with Viggle Wed | 10PM | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
it was okay..everybody at school got candy,chocolate,teddy bears, I got nothing :( but that doesn't matter you had fun! :)
My hearts been tripping out of my chest since yesterday morning.
This love has taken it's toll on me, she said goodbye to many times before.
ill ass mixtape.that song ''shes wrong'' is ill man
Yes, please! DM me?
I still have two more days off then back to work
Thnx for the LOVE Amanda! See you soon!
aww she is so cute you are so luckey! could you follow me so i can communicate with you.
Totally insane night at the Hi-Fi in Cleveland, OH with our brothers in APG!! A huge thank you to everyone that came out!!
Very cool Jenny! Can't wait to see the piece.
Excuse me, here is your nose. I found it in my business.
Awww what happened?! :(
Way too early for life right now...thank god for short shifts and no work tomorrow!
Forever Whitney.....Simply AMAZING!! Wish I had been in town for the show! Wow. Just beautiful.
you're part of my past for a reason. so stay the fuck out of my future.
Food in my tummy. I'm happy again.
I feel like talking on the phone
My stomach is on that w/ me. Smh... I can't even get comfortable...
No mom. I do not wanna help you with the yard.
Night and God bless :)
The Sixth Summit of the Americas demonstrated U.S. engagement across the region to expand social and economic opportunity.
So proud of my home state for putting on such a great party for the Superbowl! We r on the map!
Um. Make that "pass on the sherbet."
So, I'm an Elven Ranger in Pathfinder. Yeah, I just went there
It's Monday Night! is dancing first tonight! Start voting now
Fresher than a peppermint! B)
HALLELUJER my biggest worry about my portfolio is SOLVED.
Mind on. A MiLL, blowin on medicinal....
Thanks for the RT guys! <U+2665>
welcome the the #sfgiants #repeat let's get it.
#musesocial was a great experience! It was my first time and I'm now looking forward to more in the future. Thank you!
I figured that was worthy of a mention, don't you?
Presenting to elem principals soon. My elem lib tweeps - how do you push research & evaluation of info at elem level?
by : It's a thing of beauty. RT : Down at the Garden just in time to watch Ray Allen do his routine.
God your a dipshit.
Baby with a beard, you need to be put down. Post Haste!!
Pick the Go-Go!!
Just wanted to drop a note that a couple of us are working on the archaeology of Kerry Patch - Child's Play & Home Rule!
ugh stupid there was a problem with the network ugh hate u internet on my phone u get me mad <U+2570>_<U+256F>
Would anyone like to post a 1:08 MOAB?
Great to have professional AIGA chapter in my city and not two hours away!
Nope! I'm in contact with the people I cared about in high school & I have no desire to go to such a function.
Definitely planning on making that cpk move tonight
I am an old man and have known many troubles, but most of them never happened. -Mark Twain
aaawww.... My night had many hi lights and a sharing that moment with you tops them darling.
jus got back from basketball practice
Georgia is getting blown out in Rupp, and even they scored more than 17 points in a half
Getting ready for mothers day right now! Shhhh... Stay tuned! You are in for a treat! Will post the day before in case you need ideas!
Haha. I'm having grilled cheese with bacon!(: #FavoriteFood<U+2764>
Peanut butter sandwich and milk for breakfast? I think so.
on it!
No prob! :D
The Bad News: The Braves are tied with the 'Stros through 5.
Aw Merry Christmas Eric:)! I'm home wit' my folks, and eating 'til I fall asleep:)! LOL! God Bless you and ya Fam:)!
thaaannnkkkkk u my friend!!! :D
I call lefties "racetracks". They go in one direction, make a lot of noise, and do nothing of substance.
Longest minutes in life: 1. Waiting for food out of the microwave. 2. Waiting for that one text/call.
Brevity. Like Silent Cal Coolidge said, "I can't be hurt by what I haven't said."
there is a cover though because of the fight
Maybe St. Helen? She found the True Cross - obviously she cared about artifact provenance and authenticity.
Hopefully I can go see 1D next month.
Thanks for the Retweet and we will be having and remaking it all week. Our quiche of the week :-)
Not immediately thinking of any fr that timeframe, but I wld recommend Dangerous Liaisons 88, Masquerade 88, Misery 90, Cape Fear 91
C that blonde strip when my hats off y'all talking tattoos we should have a tat off
i was planning on it before I left what ya doing tomorrow
Hahaha miss you bro! Catch up call tonight? Need to know what's going on in the zen world of ramrod
To increase the durability of the marble flooring and make it last for the entire lifetime, one should seal the marble floor properly.
Training is at the ASTD Conference at Booth #250, stop by and see us for raffles and free magazines!
Thanks - will do!
You're welcome!
I only get a #WholeLotta1s when im about to hit the strip club.
I am not recommending liquor sales on Sunday. It was previously reported I might - but let me say here now that I will not support that.
RT : 50% cuts to higher ed in PA. How will we build a new Pennsylvania with that? Mud huts?
"You might have an army, We have a hulk"
#PCA is making me sound a little lesbian oh well
limited availability: email me at to sign up. mention
Working as an extra in a commercial shoot today from 9-2 :-)
Season 2 Downton Abbey this Sunday!!
FOR 200 % FOLLOWERS ADD woman rule this wirld forever and always
TONIGHT - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team!!!
If you want to know what a man is really like, notice how he acts when he loses money. - Spanish Proverb
Learn more about healthy eating at my site suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get serious about your health and earn an income!
hahahahaha good on ya!
"He who knows most, knows how little he knows" ~Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826)3rd President of the United States~
Wait, listed 3 of you, but 4 stooges... You pulling double duty? ;) cc
Weyerhaeuser Lesson No. 3 (from the last decade): In the midst of change, maintain your core values.
": Monty Williams looking like he could still suite up and give cats 10 and 7"Yeah me and you lol.
It might not be you - it wasn't a good joke in the first place.
I'm so fat I just want to eat some cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
Voting for rng!;)
Counting the minutes till 11:30
that song so cold bro, I wrote to that shit too. Kendrick would be proud lol
For those that asked, you can follow me on Twitter
Practicing EXCITED
Aha thanks i actually got it off facebook so im not sure who drew it
If Clay can get through the sixth without completely falling apart, Bobby's hook needs to be very quick. Clay needs something to build on.
I have never been happier about a busted bracket
Join the movement and make a difference
spanning the spinning globe.
and them LA fans wanted to give Dallas shit
Happy Birthday #ACA - you've helped so many people already!
Going to the pool, and then back to summer motion. (: <3
Somehow the Corgi is the least daffy-looking thing in that photo.
sup babes you look like dezi nichols I forgot her twitter but yeah dude
#LAKings winning 2-1 halfway thru 3rd period...come on Kings keep up the pressure!
Well if ya don't want people all up in ya bitness don't put it on facebook!
Love your web sight!! Your products and packaging look wonderful.
You're welcome. May we all learn to be respectable people!
got recommends for San Juan sweet spots in nightlife n cocktail 4 and I to visit?
I really want scrambled eggs and ketchup.
Back on the Block by Quincy Jones won the Grammy for Album of the Year in 1991. Quincy is the coolest man alive.
Getting so lazy during Draw Something that you start writing out the words...
Dare you to casually begin discussing your daughter named Stacy w/
And the dude with the shitty car opens the store!! Btw been waiting out front of #jansenmusic here in Watsonville for it to 20 minutes. Hm
Breakfast pizza.....good or no good?
That feeling you get in your stomach when he won't text you back.
Thompson Technologies had a wonderful time at Getting Down to Social Business hosted by Social Biz Atlanta on Friday!
“: Don't forget folks, the first rule of TIFO is don't talk about it. #RCTID” So true. Smile and wait for the thrill!
Law School is so time consuming
Lol yea I'm watching some. I agree no #MissMatch yesterday, but I got the proof & your admission I'm up 1-0 lol
parise is harder to chant lol doesn't roll off the tongue as easily. Could chant "Zach sucks"
Health care consultant: "You've been providing a phenomenal level of benefits."
Thanks for the #FF, !
gearing up for "redefining reference models" by this is going to be good.
almost hope they lose. Otherwise it will be more 'we showed great spirit,etc.' bs
"Do you like sucking your moms tits?"
Thanks for the nice comment about our app Scrubly! We really appreciate it!
not much....ready to get out of work!!
Quizz ALMOST had a real long run. End up getting a 13 yard gain instead.
real housewives of new jersey : KILLIN IT.
These mofos out here n a single file li.e fa dope.. n one girl like uhuh, she cut me..lmfao..these fiends n the L's never cease to amaxe me
RT : Someone working in a Nike factory in Vietnam makes 3 cents per hour, Warren Buffet makes $1.57 million per hour.
Moving on from #Gamecocks baseball to NCAA tourney and pulling hard for NC State vs Kansas!
what's your email address
How do I keep track of goals? With my MIND
Hahaha.... that sounds funny as hell.!
Booked a captain Morgan commercial today. Shoots in Mexico next week. Fun!
#wssmiami I just met an awesome successful woman, Brenda Mallett @ Women Success Summit! Thanks for the coffee, Brenda!
shipping to ur country for home button is like 1-2 dollars. No sorry no LCD by itself
Denchamber remembers #pearlharbor - our admiration to those world war II vets who fought in the Pacific.
can #KIDS #chill on dominating my ipod?
one day u will meet me... You'll know cuz i'll be like " HEY SHAWTAAY" (:
Ever get that not so fresh feeling from being kneed in the shins by as he falls asleep? Yea. Me too.
Listen in on 90.3. we're talking about nonprofits and whether they are making as big of an impact as they can.
Jerome Simpson....come on man....that's just DUMB!!!
Did I really just take a picture of them swimming. Omfg why am I such a creep.sjhsbsndishwbzohanxxbamak
we can print for you and have some great specials.
'Vortex of Splendidness' has arrived!
Let's Go Devils!!!! Game 1: Game time is coming up quick! LET'S GO DEVILS! #njdevils #NYRNJD”
"Anyone can slay a dragon, he told me, but try waking up every morning and loving the world all over again. That's what takes a real hero."
I love learning more about my industry. Thanks for the good brain juice #sxsw :)
My last tweet ain't mean shit so don't read into it
: Aw :D I miss you to Tamara!!
up to 65% of FURNITURE SALE !!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Nothing better than starting my Friday in Math and doing NOTHING. Home>school.
how can I get tickets?
"aww dude I got so fucked up last night, shit was crazy man" me- I remember my first beer lol love that line
what lunch do you have? (:
Did you just win the iPhone 4s on younow?
RT : Pork in adobo is back. New item tonight: mollejas de pavo -- turkey gizzards in tomatillo-chipotle sauce.
I missed your commentaries on Facebook, over all a pretty good awards show. Exciting to see the Civil Wars.
Finally made a juice that actually (kinda) tasted good.
that's on the mixtape...I got all of that shit on there...this was just a taste
i just checked out bc of #bcm12. You are doing innovative work!
omg haha best picture ever!! What does your shirt say??(:
thanks. Will definitely be in touch.
so what's the verdict? RT : Lots of Q's at #opengovRD on #opendata ROI Essentially:is open data worth the investment?
happy to see you happy :)
Zoo @ small mammals exhibit. Otters are running this shit ;)
Ditto! : Fantastic holiday fun tonight with
We Bought A Zoo
Children of Bodom - Downfall
I check in at registration and the guy compliments me on my "Mcilroy hair." Good start to the day.
in the case of my client he provides me w data from Mint and it is helpful
i'm sure my random tweets are missed but my interest for twitter is at an all time low right now.
You give to get
in the same boat!..:/
New pics coming soon!
Fuck it I'm bringing TALL TEES back oh and don't forget
Heading Soccer Ball Linked to Brain Injury | FYI BeHealthy
Donald Rumsfeld The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born-that there is a genetic factor to leadership
that's nice to hear. glad you had a good time, we were very happy to have you!
Was on hold for Microsoft but the shoot was postponed...
that moment when you get sick two weeks before everything is due. sick on a such a nice day? I know, suspicious, but I'm missing free pizza
agree, comments add nothing to the story. I say let them comment in their own realm. Sad thing is ad model still depends on them
Im gonna finally get out of bed . I think i have much to do today
Will ride first day! MT Enjoy MT : .. just announced Expo Line opening, April 28.
: Thank you for the dm, you're website looks interesting. Do I take it you also have work for actors etc?...
Quite true, and thanks for the recommendation! It is pretty bare-bones, and I'll definitely need to present more context.
why do the prettiest girls in #NYC always look like the saddest girls in the world?
Not a fan of low speed, high drag....#GETMOVING !
Tweet me something that will help me go to sleep. Lullaby, anyone?
lol , oh ! That explains it ! But all it said was "Hiiiiiigorgeouss:), are youu going to brits on Saturday?!." .. <3.
This is a slick game-changing marketing scheme that might just put Lincoln on the map with environmentally concerned luxury-car buyers
Well hello there! How's your day going?
Doesn't matter which side wins the election if popular mindset continues to see education in terms of future economic output.
What Inspires You?
Beef o' bradys ;p
hello, new followers! i promise i'm not all about promo. it's just that today, i happen to be giving away books. :)
not gonna let it get me down! helping raise awareness
Dude follow your heart! Do what makes you happy no matter what anyone says! Personally, I love the dreamy chillwave songs !
Sounds good. See you at noon!
Defense wins championships!!
BUT DID YOU ACTUALLY GOT TO THE AIRPORT TO SAY HI?
Snow scraping, Burque style=old broom, super-defrost, and the lip of an aluminum bowl.
Really been enjoying Jazz radio while working.
Filming a docu-series for MAXIM model Carmen.. For all my mainstream work follow and book me for work in Miami/NYC
The BIGGER the BETTER.
I hate coming home. I'd rather sleep on the side of the road in my car.
Going to Disney Land tomorrow with my family. Need to have some family time!
i get to see my boyfriend this weekend, and i'm stoked. so ya.
I even quilted once. LOL.
I think I just died a little. He did nothing, and denied its returned completely.
Looking for a local philly woman to anchor a medical web series….send me your headshot and profile!
Kinda bummed about not going to OU this weekend but looking forward to race for the cure & my sistas birthday <U+263A>
I protect Austin's beautiful eyes <333 (:
it turns into an hourly rate.
no I didn't go Cal said Paducah had the biggest turn out! I figure there would be a crowd I can't stand that long
that means <500 per bottle
Thanks! I could only find pix online. No dates.
The only way this drake concert could realistically get better is if Kirko Bangz shows up...
“If you know the art of breathing you have the strength, wisdom, and courage of ten tigers.” Chinese adage
looks fantastic doesnt it?
We took many awesome things and made something more awesome! Try the Ham & Asparagus Omelet! Cherry tomatoes, Cheddar & Hollandaise on top!
Outta school :) had a great day.
EXOTIC COLLISION CENTER , REVERE , MA . CALL TODAY FOR A FREE ESTIMATE . (339) 224-3771
Was "the" tiger jacket from kicking and screaming?
"Ugly Fish" You'll have to attend Eat Drink Read to learn what Chef Chad White of Gabardine has planned to represent a book with that title.
Almost april and still haven't figured out which direction I want this year to go
Today's writing tip: Sometimes you will not want to write what's in your heart, but once you get it out you'll be glad you did it.
Homework, homework Homework
oh yea?
Utter and complete decline of our civilization - headline on Huffpo - Vote: Does this Chicken Nugget look like George Washington?
Thanks so much!
you bet. make sure you grab a pic at the inflection point - ha.
God sends everyone someone to love, you just have to receive them by letting go of pride, fear & the games you use to protect your heart.
Another day another damn dollar!! #Vacation soon come!!
That's a hell of a crew you're in there with.
its a lovely day!
Well #Romney won. Upset that didn't but happy as Hell that the #wacko #Santorum didn't!!
dope track!! Very soulful, Miami type groove. Love the upbeat vocals too! Definitely getting play in my sets!
I'm stuffed! I over ate! Woo hoo saints!
I love my job, ! I work www.africanewlife.org & manage the child sponsorship program. I <3 your tweets 2.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
#losemynumber is you only text me to talk about you
of course! We're offering a Crouching Tigers camp, PomPom Pandas (cheerleading) and Yogi Monkeys..in a variety of lengths!
My sister is beyond weak... Smh I'm glad I have the greatest friends that love me unconditionally..
Horrible bosses.
Im calling tebows going to lead the browns to the super bowl
#WhyDoPeopleThink a job interview is tough... the hardest part is dealing with all the anxiety just before it.
did you listen to the this american life about it? so great!
At #SCIspa discussing "PressForward Pyramid" how scholarship happening on open web becomes DH Now, Editors' choices, Jrnl of DH
RT : “If A equals success, then the formula is: A=X+Y+Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut.”
Can today not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
That line was pretty great. Of course my fave was the Legalos line.
I hope my brother takes Avery and me to school..
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thanks to everybody who sent good wishes our way on the "Omeka + Neatline" project!
In southfield right?
you two...
I'm sittin in the nail salon talkn 2 the lady next 2 me...then says "u know ur talkn 2 Debbie Gibson?" ya that just happened
Damm I still remember PB&J (Party Bros & Jose)
RT : If homosexuality is a disease, let's all call in queer to work... "Hello can't work today, still queer."
EDM Festival to showcase electronic music makers - Halifax News Net
At This Point, I'm Done!!!
Wow! P90X2 Base/Back was a beast. Post workout meal: Oats, Egg Whites, Spinach leaves, & Coconut Oil - Filling!
Great work! I will definitely keep an eye out for you. Hope all goes well with all your future endeavors!
Hard Rock Cafe is hosting their 2nd Guitar playing contest "AxeOff USA" Saturday Sept 3rd. Noe entry fee, no admission! www.AxeOffUSA.com
If you want to reach a goal, you must ‘see the reaching’ in your own mind before you actually arrive at your goal. – Zig Ziglar
RT : Overheard a man saying the worst 4 words a man can say to his wife - "... And my mom agrees..."
One great thing about the node ecosystem is that you know that console.log() will _always_ be visible, no matter where it's called from.
Thanks...glad to be up early with you.
Some girls would be incredibly beautiful if they didnt put all tht crazy ass weave in they hair.
People! FOLLOW ! Just mention him he follows back! RT!
Congrats to Mr. Tony Williams on the award!
after going 0-for-April, Nick Johnson starts off May back in the #orioles lineup. O/U for his first hit is May 10
#schoolmemories knocking over the field goal post the day after eighth grade graduation
I keep a bottle of sriracha in the car, in case some tacos pop off!
It's too bad napping while driving is so had its be a great time for it
Now...to rub a little salt in the wound....an interception on the next play..
It's "Love Your Body Week" this week... fabulous events coming up! Stay tuned. (See below: First one with Ariel Levy is tonight!)
Taurus Are Really Cool...Like Too Cool
will do. Thanks! We're working with the city on this one, so it's on their timeline.
I guess I'll put away the #TheMooseIsLoose t-shirt for the night. So much for that.
Thai + Khmer have been the most difficult because they use a completely different alphabet. It hasn't been a problem tho. :)
I have got to work on getting my Twitter numbers up. This is sad.
Eight years of the same bullshit. Fuck.
Anyone in #Budapest up for a #DesignProLunch ? Hit up (who may kindly translate).
It typically isnt a matter of if you can buy, but rather a matter of when.
I love you like a big schlong, baby.
running between rain drops I just finished a 4.28 mi run with a pace of 8'42"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
So eager, aren't you, Ms. Page? *grinning*
Just saw The Raid: Redemption. Pretty freaking fantastic action/martial arts movie. Best fight sequences I've seen in a while.
I love "we got my wife, she used to be my wife, now she my wife again"
The "Reverend" Harry Jackson on the News Hour. He is reprehensible. How does that Roman collar not burn through his neck?
I love you baby and Emma
glad you're on twitter. Media Matters doesn't matter! Way too many of us who still listen! If they listen then they'll convert
hahaha thank you ;)
careful, don't make any jokes or we could be talking "shit"
OMG SHOWERS ARE SO EFFING REFRESHING!!!!
We are happy to be a loan education & information resource for our neighbors in New Mexico. Call us with any question - (505) 836-5700.
...until i was in my mid 20's and had been living on my own for 3-4yrs
In life you don't always get a chance to "do over" so put your best foot forward each day...this applies to parenting also
Great morning meeting with So happy to be working with them. We value our partnerships with reputable builders.
that too
Thanks for the retweet.
That might be a little extreme, but they definitely need someone to step up. Fun league, but no major difference makers.
Three sisters turn old boots into new purses
I know it's bad but it's oh so good!!!!
aw Dreamy Eyes what's a matter?
Ewwww! That is UGLY!!
I could Imagine!
I once sprayed my hair with Lysol. :)
trying to do a serious drawing right now, and it's really not that bad
I don't get it.
I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
y'all need to quit making love faces & go to bed :-)
hey babe ;)
And is breathing a sigh of relief. Related note: where the hell is he?
Sounds good!
Bible thumpers came 2 my door; told 'em I was a Satan worshiper; dude's eyes got big as saucers & he trembled; I had mercy & said not really
The awkward momment when yu hear your dad singing candy shop while taking a shower smh!!!
Was there some sort of takeover rumor or something I missed? RIM is up 4%+ today
The article I just read was good...SO true the world does need more #OPRAH'S
After school naps >
The focus and composure that this team had.
well LOTS of stuff on my mind right now just going to take a shower i=on it lol bet you never heard that one-Tamya:P
omg! I saw the line up I want to come up to BC so bad!!!
I love the rhetorical phase "who does that?"
that's my youngest son Gage
Helping to de-install an art exhibit. Love my job!
10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop and Facbeook? When I was 10, I felt cool with my new markers.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 27
RT If your awake?
please mikey follow mee(:
Where at GQ
I'm a freak. I'm a weirdo. What the hell am I doing here? I don't belong here.
Some people just annoy me
A pencil without an eraser is the same as a pen. >.<
I follow my own lead
How far have we fallen as a fluid society when the desire to be equitable for all is considered by some to be a declaration of "class war?"
win the game vs. ravens and the superbowl =P... win it please.
We're already super siked for Saturday night. If you haven't checked out Title Town, this probably the month to do it fb.me/BRGYqFvg
Testers needed. If you are interested in providing feedback on the functionality of the HelpALibrarian service, please let me know.
Troy Crazy Ass Hell..
you just hashtagged #soexcitedsoscared, if that says anything.
...awww you poor thing...
Over SAKIRI Vodka it will be delicious! and Exotic.
Hello! How's the conference so far?
Is it true you never sleep?!
you have no right to call me that and you don't know why!
Good morning sis!
Hi Brad , check out , a great option for a virtual PBX. Feel free to connect w/ happy customer
UR SUCH A GUY
Tonight I'm goin' HARD! ;) happy birthday to my bestie's boy friends brother! <3
Brrrr. Days like these require a hat. What's your trick for avoiding hat hair?!
It's FRIDAY & a nice summer weekend is here! Here's to some of our new followers!
Richards made contact but Carlson kinda buttered the bread for the refs there.
"There's no such things as friends" My Aunts a trip
Havn't school this coming week .. whoooohooo .. "I like to sleep all day and party all night" :D
Are the Rangers going to win today?
I can't believe Micah Sugg missed seeing the man in a kilt at church today.
It's official. There are no progressives on the Milwaukee County Board. Sigh.
#OkURPrettyBut not funny
#HungerGames for the third time! #fun #saturday!
Come check us out 10/10 ! Its a battle of the coverbands but...we HATE covers. It'll be interesting...
I'll be happy whn I finally get my own place bcuz then I won't have to worry about my shit coming up missing.
Hope your Thursday rocks!
yow my bed time nw
Sounds good
I think if DM'S ME ID BE SO HAPPY
Lakers vs Thunder in Game 1! Sports Fanz Who Do You Got?
We hope you have a wonderful weekend!
yes. Regional vs national. How are you on this lovely day?
RT : EXCLUSIVE: Members of opposition party to issue press releases expressing disappointment at jobs report
Great women live dangerously, take chances.
for the record, I did overstep my bounds a little in this situation & mighta burned a bridge in the process... something I do regret... but
Doing a lot of traveling and speaking this year - meeting incredible people. Heading to Chicago this weekend to speak 4 a group of dentists
Exhibit ambush will shock you...in a good way.
Re-create Paul Klee's painting "Ancient Sound" using fruits of various colors. #conceptualart (I'm actually going to do this one.)
On a twitter break starting now.
Highs in the 60s and 70s today - sure makes us hungry for summer!! What are you most looking forward to doing this summer?
i hate my life uugghh!
Whale entangled in fishing line spotted off Monterey
Thanks for the mentions, friends!:
Hey Liz! Getting better all the time, had a bit of a run-in (run-over) with a nasty virus! On the upswing now! And you?
that thing I retweeted is by a guy that made his twitter WIZDOM because he likes Wiz. He just tweets cool shit.
are you ready for fantasy draft numero dos??! I wana see a victory this season :)
kansas weather at its finest lol
well....you have some swooning to do!
Like comparing the use of two hashtags to see which has more unique contributors? Yes, we can definitely do that.
Does a Prius actually start up the engine when you start? Or just the electrics?
comRemanufactured tubes are frequently belittled for his or her quality
Just completed our application for the challenge - whew - just in the nick of time - wish us luck
THE PAY BACK TOUR NEXT IS PATRIOTS
Any chance I can get you to follow me, a fellow conservative trying to make a difference?
#1 New Years Resolution... BE CHOOSEY!!!
I certainly hope you're right.
guess who i meet i month ago!
Having trouble writing your blog content, turn off all distractions - Twitter, Facebook, etc. Or hire a content writer!
How dare he???!!! There's no way his penis is smaller than my half eaten TicTac :-)
Just put Turn of MInd on my reader -- and also Taste of Salt! I look forward to reading it.
While tried my 1st Nice clean beer, although basil not my thing. Will have to try some more of their brews.
Gin Soaked Boy- The Divine Comedy
Thank You & all of you fans <3
we have to leave tomorrow.
Did you know that every 1 hour of physical activity adds 2 HOURS to your life? Take care of yourself by working your heart!
When the hell did the #KansasCityChiefs start playing football?
YO FOLLOW ME.
will do, just got back from vacation so catching up on all my messages. Forgive me everyone if I am slow to respond.
Reggae crush
Thanks Charles! I'll shoot you an email early next week about our project. We've fallen behind on a grant we're writing.
Wounds from the knife are healed, but not those from #Bavasi. RT : #Mariners have one hit today. Asdrubal Cabrera has three.
like for real y'all some dumbass hoes. yes YOU reading this shit....bitch you dumb
driving down in the AM. Be out in the U-C stalks early June
HA! I can hear Steve say that!
A week of being sick again & still making it out to the gym for a 3 mile run & weight training. Half regrets but hate being non-productive.
lol having one of those nights : )
makes a good point. Real life reward for #karma points definitely makes sense.
Sweet. Can you do two games at once on AppleTV?
good job. I'm still glued to my bed. I may get up to eat and watch old Usher music videos though
I hate you people tweeting about basketbal, considering the fact that I hate basketball<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
My good friend Eric Broser has an article in this month's Planet Muscle, page 96. Eric is an ALL Natural bodybuilder and genuinely nice guy!
Hes a lame(:
... no he'd rather we just walk , ride a bike or put algae in or tanks...
Opening weekend under our belts. Outstanding group of actors. I'm honored and excited to be working with them. 2 more shows next weekend.
watching celeb apprentice!
you will be back sonner than u know it. Hope the lakers win in 6
Bradley was a +13 before leaving the game. RT : Sore left shoulder. Will be re-evaluated at halftime.
I'm listening to 104.5 KZEP and the song Texas Flood is playing by artist
nice to have you on board. Glad you are cashing.. Saturday in soccer stunk but we killed them for the month
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad. And with that, good night, twitterverse!
play #golf at the expo...
Game Over, not a strong Bulls performance but better than game 1
Only in the world of the living. When tragedy meets opportunity.
RIP Steve Jobs - Entry Denied was edited with one of his amazing products - final cut pro.
Very good start. Still nervous though
Thanks man! Stick close to God in hard times, hide under his wings, proclaim His name in dark places! God bless! :)
Thank you, Antonio! And thank you for your prayers...
Imagine an application that you could actually vote for President, House Representative or Senator from any place, no poll location needed..
hi sam! let's catch up later & i want you to meet/remeet
check out 's newest editor's pick, !! congrats to #DC's hot new authentic French bakery!!
it's strange, they are in a different place. (?)
I want a shirt of me flipping the bird and to wear it and flip the bird.
Whoa! Did not see that coming! Lisa?! Can't say that I'm upset.
What role will Romney's Mormon religion play into his presidential hopes?
so hungry!!
let me know when you're back
I understand rebooking but for standby for an hour earlier flight? Wouldnt it be better to not let the seat go empty
Fellow I st establishments!
As opposed to the cynicism of the aged. OK, I guess that's just me...
's complex but I support #stopkony b/c many more people will want to take action against injustice
Happy teacher appreciation week!. How will you #ThankATeacher today?
“: My life will be complete when g-chats me #productivemonday” Send me an invite!
wow, three untappd badges with one check in. Wondering if this is just annoying my followers...
#raw10 FREEWAY: Freedom of Speech tour LIVE April 13th.Rhythm Lounge n Long Beach, CA Roy Anthony is There!
I can't wait to get feedback on my pilot, "Party of 7" - It's a prequel to "Party of 5"
Went the Buddha bar last night. It was AWESOME. Lovin my killa villa babes!
Thanks for the #ff love :)
Attention Arlington & Ft Worth: the All Texas Garden Show featuring Neil Sperry is Next weekend Feb 26-28. www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
Happy Monday! An exciting week starts with a happy smile. :)
follow back?
Miami Hurricanes vs Kansas State kickoff delayed until 4 pm.
Please retweet this if you went to TeenHoot
Make sure to use the hashtag #AFT when you join the conversation about our current show!
Very Nice!#GreatSuccess!
hey Lisa! Chi town looking nice!
Getting my haircut with the always wonderful So stoked!
#iloveyoubecause you dont want to change me
say it
I can't stand the lakers. Need OKC to destroy them!
I could really go for a good #thunderstorm today along with some
Yo Georgie!! We are both officially twits! :)
But aren't they in business to make money via advertising? They give brands enough tools with like btn, fan box, etc
Loving cheer! :)
oh those are some good memories but im better than you at the cat daddy!
#CNNdebate tomorrow. Applause allowed..Let's hope they don't Just allow Newt fans in the building like they did last debate.
I. Did it now I won't my followers! ;(
AL vs. LSU = nobody is giving up an inch without a fight!
John Terry is awful. And an awful person.
: lol! All because of your darn YouTube video you posted!! It's all YOUR fault! >> blame Mr. Vihstadt.
don't sweat it, it was Burgess's easiest test all year. Good luck though just in case
Wow #michigan needed every break in the book to win that one
RT : Great day at the picnic. Saw , my dad knows her mom! :) Lolol.
Nerlens made the right choice you should too.
Ivan just threw a fit because I won't let him watch CARS in my room. These sleeping pills don't kick in fast enough.
reading "Life is not a Reality Show"-ha!;-)
Washing car, doing laundry, then headed to #dutchbros for an iced coffee to sip on during my driving range sesh.
The first rehearsal last night was so much fun. Great seeing everyone again. Amazed at how fast things started to come back.
Incredible teachers dedicated to proving that ALL students can live up to high academic expectations!
working with a stray dog. He almost eats from my hand.
maybe if they didnt smell like mothballs and urine they wouldnt be alone.
OH MY FUCKING GOD ARE U KIDDING ME I CANT UNDERSTAND THIS
#Nick Carr just began talking about how #cloud became a viable option for all companies.
was that a good or a bad thing for you?
Why is m hall so freezing? :(
#askaaron you mentioned the Giants faking injuries in the game, do you think the NFL needs to address this? and how?
hell yeah ! Haha
If I were to write the song...
See you soon!
Any good music must be an innovation. --Les Baxter
I hate chains (although I will eat there nonetheless). I love dives. Probably why I dig the so much.
Cannot wait until we have our boat!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085>
Haha so much win. You peed away the maybe. Avengers this week?!
wooohoooo!! LOVED your dresses
i don't know, we're making yeast raised waffles...
This room is on overflow wow super wifi super hot today.
I bet the teams are wishing the next race was at Rockingham
are you being an investigative reporter?
ready for some football
I was straight. I had a wonderful marriage 2 a fine man. This month is our 19th wedding anniversary. But Obama just ruined it!
Had to work last night but #80plates is on DVR! Decent? cc:
anytime keep up the good work lemme know if you ever need a #3d modeler
Sounds like a plan, I will get with Gilbert to what is available at Echo maybe? I think April is pretty open right now.
I"m in Argentina. Woot or Z.
come see us this weekend at with !!!!!
I kicked Jason S. because I wanted to!!
Ancestry.com Rules!
iCloud seems like a really neat concept. Apple (and Steve Jobs) just keep the cool ideas flowing . . . what will they think of next?
iPad 3 for work (free)... don't mind if I DO!
If you're studying/ volunteering abroad, don't forget to call home to greet your mom Happy Mother's Day!
thank you for reminding me again about the most important part of strategy 2012. :)
Biggest ray ray fans follow me it's that simple!!!!
cute article about you in USA today!!
Pistachios at work was a bad idea.. Sounds like I'm eating a box of dry noodles over here.
Oh, YUM! I ate like 6 cupcakes yesterday. LOL Freaking Devo would claim that. Hahah
I'll just come over bro I'm omw now
....has some very exciting news to share! Stay tuned! #greater!
That would be cool. Powell's is an extraordinary place. English accent stands out here! I tell guests I'm from Texas!!!
well,u dnt know shit ive gone thru nor go thru, and i dnt expect u to, im jus lettin ppl understand "me". im tryna stay real
Time to update my Thunderbolt firmware, apparently.
Thinking good thoughts for your father and you. All the best.
Sometimes I just wanna hide away and cry!! Then wake up then there will be my true love kissing me to wake me up!!!;) #TRUELOVESKISS<3
Right to Heal stop in san fran at the war memorial tonight!! starts at 7pm. follow us on twitter
My Christmas Gift is to see my Autistic Students smile as they succeeded in a feat!
both of those shows r weak so idgaf
I think I'll go play some Bioshock or maybe some Boarderlands :D
Thanks for following this. Hard to believe that this company's VM service has been MIA for over a week.
I have a nosey ass neighbor
The RLC in the #UMBC library is buzzing tonight! Thanks to everyone who participated in our furniture feedback survey!
So ya. Today's my last day in Buffalo. Fuck.
Three walmarts later...I found a bug light bulb!!
Biggest Loser trainer: Bob Harper spotted at Girl and The Goat....Its a cheat day apparently!
Send me your weird facts! I'm working up some Weird But Trues for The weirder the better!
tell me if you find anything!
Definitely! RT : I'm sorry I couldn't make it out there tonight. Next one!
Amy and Saroj's collaborating with child care providers program was great. Feel like it also confirmed fppl is on the right track!
Great luck with that!
Pimp C gon but he still wit us cuz its still muthafuck that Hilfiger
where did you grow up? I grew up in the Midwest and LOVE storms. My mom grew up in upstate NY and hates them.
It'll be a major part of the discussion.
How's your job going?
Cecil's old team. Start the dad-son drama talks now. RT prince agrees with
just mean we gotta make it better
Ahh this better not be some shit
Pool party at mi casa <33
Hot damn. I really do love
#ithankfeminism that my mom willingly worked in dress factory so I could get a physics degree.
Congrats on the followers. Well deserved!
#winklevoss twins own the best pistachios commercial
#Thethingis Sometimes I don't believe you because of my Trust~Issues....
Just ate a flour restaurant,Thanks guys for a great meal.
Tried the strawberry banana this morning, instead of my usual honey flavor. Really liked it! Any other good flavors?
make sure 2 have another pair of shoes available the 1st few wears! Breaking in boat shoes can be painful if u aren't careful!
Looking forward to seeing who you trade Morneau for and maybe even more who you talk into taking him...lmao
Oh, right. The Democratic war on stay-at-home moms. That was a long day. Is the take-away here that Dems fight shorter wars?
oh for sure better come to san diego then!
Wow! Cinco de Mayo and the Derby on the same day.
Follow my best friend! He just got Twitter!!!
Robert Pattinson: 'Rags by Rob', would you wear Rob's clothes? - Metrowny.com
be glad when my stimulator get back
I wanna cake wit her
lol fasho I'll fuck with u when I get off work tomorrow
Whats everyone moaning about money for tho
If my recently-posted comment criticizing Community doesn't receive 100 "Fuck You" replies, I'm convinced I shut down
Pop Quiz! Which celebrity chef "Wolf's" down Marukan?
Don't dwell on what you don't have or what you need but celebrate what you do have.
I want to get married ... one day
hard to pedal & tweet :)
Check out Portland Open Studios today and tomorrow. I'm at Shyama's studio at 6413 N Boston.
Now testifying in Roger Clemens perjury trial... RT : Now comes Kirk Radomski, former Mets clubbie, former distributor of PEDs.
Americans have no choice but to be slaves to the economy..Shits crazy
Do more than is required. The extra mile that you walk makes all the difference.
My shoulder hurts! I hate when I sleep all weird.
if oprah and i were friends she'd probably get on nerves with the gloating
No coincidence that 1 winning badge system is in sustainable agriculture. Sustainability = integrating many complex, concrete skill sets.
whats good sexy
wakin up w my bae... he luvs me....i missed him
New Locking Class at Culture Shock Thursdays 630pm
Time for the Reds to start a winning streak... Need a good series... #GOREDS!!!
Just arrived at LAX. Probably my last tweet before landing in Beijing tomorrow.
RT Anyone have extra free day passes to the gym? Needing to rid of some calories through exercise!!!
I want to wear shorts and sunglasses to work the #MemorialDayWeekend home games. Do you think I can?
Twilight was actually a pretty decent movie
Is that Danny Alves? No, it's Seth Sinovic!!!!
Altoids slogan 'Curiously strong' no longer works.There's stronger mints available. I suppose in 50 years we'll just use battery acid.
The Paige Haas Benefit is TOMORROW from 3-9! Please come out and show your support!!!
#ThinkLikeAMan was the SHIT!!!! Kevin Hart at his best
no doubt dude
i havent had an actual phone conversation with anyone in a long time
i know thats why i said im coming when ur out lol
But other than lifespan, they're the same? Thanks so much!
Overtime?! Aaagh. This team never fails to try to kill me. #Hoyas BEAT THE BEARCATS
": the wizards are god awful"Tell me something I don't know.
On Fridays U need 2 B quick 2 win our FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothies! 1st 10 to RT Friday win! NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules4Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
exactly you and the family...my house is open to all of you
We are open 24/7/365. We never close, and you will always talk to a live person.
can't get enough of cam2cam. do u like to show off as much as i do, baby? cum take me somewhere secluded, so we can see eachother get off...
One question here is how idiosyncratic data is and how to support instant-gratification exploration
I want a fuel band!!!
my pleasure. Sassy is all I know how to be-even after 58 years. Happy 2 be sharing tweets!
hey how ya ben dude?
Night life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
That is the saddest looking podium that I have ever seen
Thanks for sending. Definitely along the same lines.
Barrett is showing just how classless he can be. Funny part is, he is representing the left quite well.
Common complaint: "We threw a lot of $ at our old #SEO company, but have no idea what they did." We clearly communicate approach & RESULTS!
great! If you're up for it tonight let's meetup once you get settled in, otherwise, maybe plan for lunch or breakfast tomorrow?
CCA releases new report: "#Remediation: Higher Ed's Bridge to Nowhere"
Sorry to say that I have no idea! I've never heard of it. But I haven't made much of a dent in my local bar knowledge yet.
First rule of _______is you do not talk about _______.
today is the last day to let us know what #makesdsdifferent and be entered to win a $50 gift card!
wow, thanks... humbling... lots of great, great, scraping and data journalism at
Oh no! It's so cute!
Hooray! has an official Android app!
can you give me some advice, I'm trying out for a crew next week?
Work with GT Events! DM us or contact us and see that we are a full service agency with much to offer!
Sometimes it drips onto my computer
Nazis of peace..... Kay
RT : You know what? You rock!
PW: That eternal love story between Elena and Stefan is something that I hope everyone always roots for. #StelenaIsForever #WeNeedStelena <U+2661>
John Brennan: The U.S. govt. "conducts targeted strikes against specific al-Qa’ida terrorists, sometimes using remotely piloted aircraft."
no way Jose!!
I looks great. The one time we went they about an hour away from opening so we bailed..I want the fish tacos
and yeah I changed your account photo to the one I adore the most <3
Review: There are things about this book that are unconventional, including the detective it introduces; I was hooked from the start.
Want to lay out in the sun. Need to work.
Was a Tad under the weather over the weekend, slept, organized, ate soup...I know laugh in the face of danger eh ?
So I was all: How you doin, moon? And it was like: Super!
so i'm thinking Buttermilk Waffles from scratch and Bacon for lunch! YES!
Channing Tatum looks remedial.
seriously what profession is there that you can't reference something when you need to.
Heard on XM this morning, "Trevor has hair locks of harmony. It's gorgeous."
Let me know if you ever get "Green Spot". Best Irish Whiskey ever. Thanks.
send me more information.
When your talented its not a question of 'if', its a question of 'when'
RT : Good morning Here's to a great event. Opening plenary at 8:30am.
Last l0 minutues of class feel like FOREVER !!!
New series this morning is Let There Be Light. The story of Christmas told through God's gift of light on Earth.
A day without a laugh is a wasted day. -Charles Chaplin
“: Hi, I'm trying to start a Twitter account for people to post their fight predictions. could i get Good idea!
I keep telling myself just three more weeks.. Just three.
Wow! 500 Followers Thank you! Guys! I love you
so blessed i have the opportunity to play my instrument,
lol just being real
What if I add an INTERACTIVE CD? MT If you SNAIL MAIL me your resume it will go directly in the trash. Digital creative my ass.
lol you just tweeted like 30 different adjectives.
Mondays < Fridays
the 30th? I have a birthday party -- i'll be at the culture club, dancing like a fool. we'll figure something out!
lol. No you don't
What are you working on?
if you're in L.A. i could take you to this sushi place in North Hollywood. Its Bumm!!!
The only Guy I will adore is gonna b my nefew Tony cuz I know he'll love me forever. :)
sad to say, it's off to bed for me. It's been so fun chatting w/you 2! Good nite! 1/2
BIG SHOW VS. KANE
I'm not an England supporter. By all accounts it was woeful - I wouldn't know, I went to the Shunt instead.
On my way to a Press Conference in the Bronx.
RT : RT : Great #Twitter140 list on , but where are social innovators like ?...
fo shizzle. Think of the possibilities! Hunan Ravioli. General Tso's Pizza.
They'd just finished 2.5 days of TEI training and LOVED the toolbar.
Welp... its ice cream weather! What to order.. hm
Found another great frozen yogurt place , in Lincoln park.
what does it say about me that I'm choosing to watch a DuranDuran docu on VH1classic instead of SuperTues returns? Oy!
Umm, Sorry Sweety I Wasnt An Accident, Im Here For A Reason. :-)
#FridayReads Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder. Jurassic technology never goes out of date.
What #luck you have when it's pouring #rain when you go outside, and it stops #raining as soon as you get into your car.
it's a hard lesson, but worth it in the end once you learn it ;-)
I am trying not to be bad... But it never works out :(
It was great!
10 Yahoo services that should be killed by Scott Thompson's restructuring plan - VentureBeat
only in fuckin Nashville. Ppl be fight errrrrverywhere
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!. )':
#truth RT Biking when it's super windy out is no bueno.
does charles not tweet because he can't figure out how to type a stutter? Lol.
Thanks for the recent RTs & mentions
Apple&Cinnamon, Bacon&Chocolate, Cherry,French Vanilla are just a few Vodkas out of the alphabet of #NashaRashaNYC Join us #Mother'sDay Week
I am an internal coach at Bose and also have my own practice w/GenXers called LeaderLabyrinth (website in dvlpmnt)
muscles are sore. "Elliot!"
could go way back and bring back the Seattle Totems
Happiness resides not in possessions and not it gold; the feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.- Democritus
I've spent most of the day trying to wrap my head around javascript. Ugh. Now it hurts.
"A foolish consistency is a hobgoblin of little minds, isn't it?" Dwight just went to the kitchen to look for more food.
RT : haha, yes I do know who to send it to. And that's exactly what I'll do.
And the private company gets bailed out with taxpayer's money. So CHEERS to u, you're a #tcot tool brainwashed by !
In the end you're the one missing out. Remember that
I like Mohamed Sanu to the Bengals, who need a WR opposite AJ Green. I mocked Kendall Wright to them before the draft
Thank you! RT always awesome seeing other young professionals who are equally passionate and talented
that is too sweet...now where is my baby..?
EOC exams today
Current word count: 805. Today's goal: 1605.
I just wanna cry
I love old people. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B4>
getting inspired listening to Stu Maschwitz
Like who is this guy & how did he get in ? Haha! This is hilarious!! :))
PMFI trying to go, some resistance at .01....
Portland's housing market is on the way back. Sales in January were up more than 18%. More from the Pros at 6:30pm
She is beautiful, does she have a friend for me :)
It's the last week of the month you know what that means....
for real?
Scherer: Took 3 years to form 50 #CMT Support & Action Groups across the country. Took decades to identify the 50 genes impacted by
agreed- i want to know! give us hints at least :)
Her blind dog sucks balls! He pees on everyone!!!
If you aren't living on the edge, you're taking up too much space.
Thanks so much!
ha! I'm listening to Crush It! right now. Want to apply to my video production co.
I think they may need a little help if they don't get going !!
Haven't been on for a while (:
It's nothingg.
Thanks for the kind words & feedback. RT The redesigned UWBadgers.com has launched.
#bucketlist :) RT ": Driving by Miller Park I realize I need to tailgate at least once in my life"
i keep losing followers
Blessings to you, too!
My mom last night: "gangsta rap? Ive never heard of that. Have YOU heard of that?" Still cannot stop laughing.
I seriously need some "home cooking" right now! Mom needs to come here or I need to go NC!
I'm back
Who wants to talk? Message me XD
My bongos are dragging.
Happy Friday! Make it a great one, #indianapolis!
Wow TheOnion tweets parallel several topics I want to hit in my blog and An encouraging calling to add satire and humor?
I saw you buttholes at Ivan Green this morning on the way to my practice haha
I say fuck bitches and then I fuck bitches and after I fuck bitches I be like yo fuck bitches lol
Laura aka "Lil G" is having a ball at the #Hillcrest Farmers Market. She had to stop for a snack break...back to shopping!...
we here in manhattan are all about Columbia bball!!
maybe you should do your homework and practice your spelling :)
Eastern gets a run back in the B4 on St. Xavier's FOURTH error of the game. Tigers still lead 6-5 as Eagles bat w/ 2 outs.
haters hate me because i dnt try to fit in lile they do :D #gay #proud# forever
Don't worry about sweetie! You'll do great!! I believe in you!! =)
Ice cube
Thanks, I'll check it out!
While it's true that the key is to keep getting up after you've been knocked down, try once in a while to keep from getting knocked down.
Having #Meatheads for the first time---I approve!!!
it's cold as balls here.
If everyone thought before they spoke, the silence would be deafening
Me an ma classmates got shouted at 2day cause our teacher said we're doin maths 4 1hour and we said ah
5. Make it verifiable. Source information if safe to do so.
RT : Social change begins with commitment to sharing museum's content with participants.
Needless to say, you'll be sore and jittery for a while. Everyone should go to the doctor & get examined just in case.
If you drink bud light, you're a fucking pussy.
You know how motorcycle folks wave each other when they pass by. I'm doing that with my xterra family in hopes that it will catch on
Thank you and for inspirational studio tour today.
and hows ma best friend doin?
“: #IfOnlyICould make a phone call to Heaven..” ah yes. <3 :)
yes sir
Will you offer a collective second interview, Dr. Gasser?
try Tylenol pm
What I'm saying is, MY EYELIDS ARE DROOPY.
To all the mommas out there, Happy Mothers' Day!
RT : Asante Samuel may be a better CB than people realize. Was thrown at deep (20+) 12 times last year, allowed 1 catch.
is the BEST DANCER EVER!!!
holy crap, this is actually happening, I'm really moving in with my boyfriend...
Ever drive your filthy car in the rain, hoping it'll be clean when you arrive? I tried the same thing with my horse. One word:
The guy in front of me is buying a pregnancy test. I bet this is the only time he would rather be buying tampons
it really has. sleep well! nite!
Morning mamma.. how are you?
I'm guessing you knew that before taking our quiz :) Have any of your friends been persuaded by their matches?
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched. . . but are felt in the heart. ~ Helen Keller
you get a cookie
Now listening to endorsed candidate for April 26th's DC At-Large Council Election, !
RT : but you ain't the only one that's trying to be the only one..
Watching lifetime movie network I love movies
I think abc should show the last 30 years of the apple falling with Dick Clark tonight! omg so many loved him! please pray for his family!
Wishing I were at NAMM right now. CA is a million times warmer than IL right now.
haha still don't really know what it means but it's def something diff
thats all going on with me at the moment..........Have a Good Night and Sleep with the angels I Love You!
Love me a good old fashion ass whoopin' - #RedSox just got taken behind the shed
Dear rain, no one warned me of your arrival. Please go away. My ysl wedges and the slick soho streets do not agree with each other.
why yes, i am ccapping people again
thank u sweetie! Were u at penson's tonight?!
feel the same. thanks, thanks, thanks.
yeah, that kinda crossed my mind too!
Sorry for the radio silence over the past few days, folks. I was suspended for wearing my cap at too jaunty an angle.
What's with everyone getting these emails about someone saying something bad about them I got a lot of them today
Good luck to the Darlington/Cuba City girls in the Dells at Sectionals!
In Excel ALT+E,S brings up the paste special box but you still have to select an option...
I've touched Austin Carlile too! When I met him ;)
yesterday on a sales call I was called "baby girl" I also had to stealth maneuver away from a hug.
Thought on Ghost Rider boycott?
goodnight ariana!!! I love you so much!!! :) <3
Sing Say Ahh and your from Sacramento you got my vote
When feeding more than one dog, always choose the dog that is the most calm and balanced their food first
is adorable;)
The worst days of those who Enjoy what they do are better than the Best days of those who don't" --Jim Rohn
you need to join in Nashville!
So... is that the third (in the rule of threes)?
I'm slow but...did you get a puppy?!?
oh don't act funny now, you and I both know you know your role
"working meeting" = "jumbo shrimp"
If didn't go to bed at 4 a.m. last night he probably could have made me bfast this morning.
I'm considered making my bed less comfy so that I don't fall asleep everything I touch it!
Thinking about making el wire antennae for #bm09. There are many construction options. Any tips?
I understand celebrating #JuniorSeau's life, but how anyone can have respect for him still is beyond me. If you're selfish enough to...
collocating life threads/people, sharing YouTube videos, seeing pics of friends & families babies, passive stalking, pics of dinner
Practice safe sex kids, go fuck yourself.
And the fireworks have already started in the D-Sho.
The "hole" truth about the site at 8th & Main revealed today at 11 a.m. Come join Zions Bank, Gardner Co., & Mayor Bieter
It's all about the Benjamins.
When someone u thought was gonna be your best friend forever doesnt talk to u anymore. Dont think u can get just get me back
Still waters run Deep
SOMEONE WHO UNDERSTANDS. I don't have a problem with some of it, twitter is jus so much more fun tho.
The Chiefs d-line is killing my franchise on the PS3!
Some people will NEVER look past skin color to see anything else. To these people, the "greater good" doesn't compute.
Yes yes yes... Go RedWings!!!
Why is Fred Armisen on so many stations?
I shouldn't, I know, but I get a kick out of Alan Simpson. He's 80 and he talks like that. (See last RT.)
I hate leaving my phone at the crib when I'm out /:
At least the won tonight
Bitches wit bunyons..i tell ya...smh
Ready for day 2 our Learning IOS Dev with #cocos2d workshop Physics and scrolling today :-)
Any other #dash4 teams working on the extra credit puzzle?
Question... It's pitch black outside why are you driving with sunglasses on??
Gulf Coast Blue Chips-Eite 9U...#1 team in the Greater Houston Area!!!
I never thought we'd have a last kiss.
If your a BAD BITCH stay away from me with your Defective ass
Just saw the remake of The Thing; very nicely done! Definitely a "Go See" if you like horror/sci-fi.
I gave up Facebook for Lent so I haven't been on any of my Social Networks much since...
Is it 4 pm yet? Oh yea I'm ready for this wedding!
yes. Nothing.
Pro Tanto => So far
does anyone have a recipe for honey? I lost my cook book and and i'm trying to make a salad
Thanks for another year of great tweets and blog posts!
wonders if the vosd article on how demaio made his money will show how his experience qualifies him as a "businessman"
Finish everything I have to do by 9, still going to bed at 12. That's my life. :P
True Born Records u
was good to all my ppl
Thanks for the follow, Rod! Check out our live show at Plush this Thurs. We have 2 new songs we're excited about!
Children are a great comfort in your old age ~ and they help you reach it faster, too. ~Lionel Kauffman
avalon mission bay is much better than YB unless you must live above whole fd. great young working professional crowd. pricey.
Hey, can we all put a moratorium on being clever for, say, a thousand years? It'll be better for everyone.
Just email your files to
holy shit what a skel cut that mop rico suave
MSU yall still my people win or lose ............ooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHOHHHHH looks like we won!!!!!!!!!!1
You are one of my favorite actresses. I loved you in Sister Sister, 227, One on One, and more. I always believe in you ;-) Love
my dudes!
friday is here.
#SkySAN supports up to 28 x FCoE ports in a single 3U. Can your storage do that? Learn more here: bit.ly/omfyas
The Boulder Running Co and Mile High Track Club is running pace groups for the half and full visit their booth at the Expo for details!
Remember folks, let you faucets drip. Open cabinet doors to let heat into areas where plumbing is located and check on those who are alone.
I need food
#RVAgptw tablemates reporting they discussed integrity, enthusiasm, humanity, inspiring leadership as reasons their workplaces are great
congrats on submitting the thesis, darling. we need to cheers to you soon!
#funfact taught a "delicious" Beyonce routine yesterday in his master class yesterday in marvin!
So true, Ben. The odds are higher on those neighborhoods ;)
A)where is "joses blue sombrero"??? B)the chick on the "korean taco" bilboard they have is sexy.
Hey all, I am working very hard to get The Total Pet Spa out to you animal lovers. Putting on the final touches.
Police officer: "Didn't you see the arrows?" Guy in car: "I didn't even see the Indians!"
And that killed me...
haha oh really? ive seen it thousands of times! (x You like it?
...but if the poker community understands the benefits of membership in a players union, membership & influence will increase exponentially.
Yeah, I already dislike 6th because of that oppressive feeling. Also, the codices not the core rules are 5th's problem
Enthusiastic anncr makes viewing exp better. Nance great, better suited for golf. Look forward to him covering
Ru givin some #Ruchology to the girls
Thursday. Art walk. Cap hill.
lol great planning ky. At least the s.drive won't crash lol.. See you there.!
lmao I wish
TUNE N TO RICKEY SMILEY MORNING SHOW. WE R CLOWNIN LMAO
#NowPlaying: "I Love You But...", by
I don't love you, but I always will.
it's okay , I am sometimes :) hahah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
That's because the quote is All your base ARE belong to us. Allyourbasarebelongto.us is taken.
by eight and that's how tall your
have a blessed weekend :)
im winning... i think
gl, sincerely qu1etr00m.
Major costs of attaining degrees are dropped in case of online college education. Give it a shot and take your life up by a nick...
My first #FF! Hello and thanks for being inspiring, creative ladies :)
Public job losses like teachers... so teachers lucky to keep their jobs can hv classrooms w 30-40 students, instead of 20-25.
I'll embrace/match that swag one day
That probably means he's being released. That's how Ted Thompson rolls, like it or not.
Just talked to my neighbor who will be playing Cassio in Othello for Shakespeare in the Park. Looking forward to seeing the play.
ok im not that bad.
Had a BLAST co-hosting w/ on the Total Access Radio show in NY! Details coming on when and where to catch the show! :-)
Ready for some Hot Yoga followed by Sushi with the girls
I'm not super patriotic when it comes to politics and such, but I'm incredibly proud to be from the birth country of the blues & jazz.
Sleepy! #GOODNIGHT!
doubt it.
I wannato six flags
I will definitely send a birthday wish to you!
Yep 16 followers to go!!
Have fun on your quest for world domination
Today I'm interviewing a child psychologists about how to deal with "unlikable children".
Excentuate the positive, Eliminate the negative
heard u selling socks & tighty whiteys! Hmu i need some
Tequila sounds good right about now.
Tuesday your in CT which is near & I. We need a #LarryStylinson pic so lets sort this out!(;
DONT BE NERVOUS YOU WILL DO GERRATE(: i pinky promissee. Winorlose you will still be my INSPIRATION!
Or as Woody said to Sid: "Reach for the sky!" Great costume. My daughter 13 is #HarryPotter and my son is 16 (no more costumes!)
Locked outside my apt but I have work today... can't get ready out here.
That terrifying moment when there is a spider on your chin
I was born in 1997.. And I miss the 90's lol.
thank you you too :D lol
I don't like when people leave their idols for the next new hot act... if you were a true fan you'd stay and support your idol.
changed name to
What's a bee-line ?The shortest distance between two buzz-stops !
At the antheneum Detroit preparing for a crazy night if celebrating and my birthday!!
"When you catch a duck, kill it. No, I don't mean utterly, but kill most of them.."
Chef's knife, for sure. Then comes the santoku & tomato knives.
I wasn't I was calling Erick
I want a tattoo from Kat Von D.
my rents are in sec DD
Happy bday bro
free dinner at 60 thompson hotel at 10 and then to private club rdv;)
you wrote it!
Rise and Shine! Heading to the hospital for some pre-chemo stuff for Gram, hopefully all goes well.
50ºF outside , yard work's done, noshing on paté and almonds, sipping Aviations with the neighbors on the porch in the afternoon sun. Lovely
thanks guys - tonight I'm watching a Robert Rodriguez classic in my Catalyst Built cinema. Oh so good. Oh so good.
Through April, Marcum has been his same old consistent self. Melvin totally whiffed on buy low opportunity.
cuz they use to bustin down
I wanna get my associates degree so I'd put it towards a new computer
aw lol. Okay!
Niggas comen on to strong, Want me in they life as they Wife
I mean brah….not that spelling of that word is important.
yolo is dangerous for dummies cause they really believe the hype
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Reoccurring Theme Today: Don't wait for the Title to Start Doing the Job. Be Proactive. #WIS #STEM via
Starting to finally make progress...been a long struggle....
Cinco de Mayo is one of my favorite holidays
Dude, I know it. Have you ever seen me post "I just ran 500 miles, and I feel fine?"
staying for WGG @ Congress. Hope to see u @ mid
A6. Always following up build trust. Compliments that are earnest and public build trust, too.
I will in a little while,promise-I've been crazy busy.I am also building my website...more infos coming up.Thks for asking!
Call me ASAP bro.. its about the shoot
By the time this slow poke get down here it'll be time to hit the
“: They called the girl name to graduate and homie yells out "Its about time!" Lmfao”>>>LMBO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i want it to be with that one person tho. :(
Thanks for the RT! (Lee)
We are happy to be hosting the dayparties this week during the MidPoint Music Festival. Please go to brokenmic.com for updated schedule!
we'll go next time hun. Just the fellas this time
No friggin doubt....and no
We could use a bike rack in front of our building when our bike messengers stop by. It would be nice if they can lock em up.
Went to hockey tonight. Then got asked to play a real game. I'll take a 5-4 victory to start my career.
Meeting adjourned - questions can be submitted to this hashtag any time.
16th birthday(: goo hard!
no. stop.
I’m Off to Nourished!
Listening to: Keith Jarrett Trio- The Out of Towners
I would rather pay for luggage than have it fly for free if it arrived when I did or wasn't on tarmac 1hr+ after I land
I believe! Go Damian!
Needs this tea to go directly into the vein
Make her say ah
My migraine-esque night was apparently caused by food poisoning. Has this happened to anyone else?
Patience, Defense and Smart Plays will = #Cuse Win Exciting!!!!
Cheers to these Amazing
those do look. Unfortunately nothing within 10 miles of me (DC)
Thank you too! RT : Thanks to , / & Professor Dan Isenberg for a great talk tonight.
you're welcome, you owe me
She yelling god you would think that god was in it ,but its just a nigga god invented
Might depend on and his Wii skills...
Find A Man That Won't Cheat On God, And You'll Find A Man That Won't Cheat On You.
How does your gf like them?
Marine out for Obama Facebook remark
some of the people i associate with a disgusting.
I get to sleep in and wake up a 730 am
RT RT!!!": I need someone who understands my PAST, compliments my PRESENT, & supports my FUTURE!"
dance and change for me
Our #GLEEfulweek glee clubs featured today are the Winchester Thurston glee club and the Pitt Men's Glee Club. Tune in to hear them on air!
Great #BeingHuman episode last night, and great cliff hanger to end it!
Fake news has become more popular than real news. Our hope is the same happens for fake podcasts.
My pleasure. Great event.
Congrats #entrepreneur Anna ! Independent Fashion Bloggers released list of '20 Fashion Bloggers On The Rise' was included!
lol so what's up?(:
Y u mad Nigga !
Hosting a dinner Wed. night! Don't forget to sign up for the restaurant round up!
yea i am
Dating or in a new relationship? Try not to show your emotions alot. Stay calm and cool. Showing you're too into him might scare him away.
No doubt. MMA fighters, good ones, are really smart. They tend to be well thought out, very articulate. Love them MMA men!
Let's Start Over!
Check out my new site www.high5creations.etsy.com -- You will love it!
I'm jealous you're gonna live in Roma!
Showcase went amazinly well :)
you need to come Soon, I have stories to share!!
just dandy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
DOG LEATHER MICROPHONE VANDAL ROUND 2 VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT/// HIT US UP
Just discovered the hashtag for #ltf8! Been tweeting from the conference this morning, but now it's official
Nice..wats the number?
Ordered MetaMaus: A Look Inside a Modern Classic and book 1 from Charlaine Harris' Lily Bard series. Can it b as good as Sookie Stackhouse?
Nice, just toss that one in there. I want a pony!
6 out of 3 only works on
wake the hell up!!!
OK CARLY RAE JEPSON JUST FOLLOWED ME
Celebrate the 1st annual, Pittsburgh Craft Brew Festival, beginning April 20th. Sounds like fun!
RT : Please stay forever with me.
Lau, or somewhere else that's convenient for people heading off campus.
Congrats to Emily Fairey, Jessica Haas and Katherine Pradt - paper accepted to International Conference on Tech, Knowledge & Society
"teachers" that don't even know how to teach <
Wanna be in our next music video? We need 5 people who will be featured. Send us an email:
I REALLY Hope so !:D
Apple wanting to talk to anyone is unusual.
You can't go to bed at 6:30
Okay so next time there is a Burnham concert in st Louis we're meeting! Lol
come visit us today and pick up some new accessories! you might even find a new bike! you could always use just one more!
Interview leads to article by Kevin Carey coming soon.
Looking for people to add, store and share materials in MN learning commons
:( They had great season. And, there is always next year.
And, what's your t-shirt size?
IL Gov's short-sighted elimination of $$ for drug/alcohol treatment will have far-reaching devastation to the field, even if $ comes back.
Udemy have over 50,000 people learning on higher ed free courses
Touchdown better and now the win..... GO GIANTS!!!!
I love how some ppl go to a different universe when they are txting
and the future looks so fucking good! RT : i never look back, it distracts from the now
The #DAYTONA500 race continues for the final 40 laps Looking forward to the #Vegas race in March
#20ThingsAboutMe I always sleep with a fan, & if I don't (over at a friend's house, etc) I tend to wake up earlier 'cos it keeps me asleep.
Stress-eating my way through a tunnel that leads to the meaning of life.
From the sound of it, either it's new years, or the Russians are invading
Celebrated 17th century physician Charles de Lorme: "qui plus en boira, plus il vivra" (He who drinks more will live more).
hey there Delilah! Thanks fur the rt!!
Praying for safe travels as we travel to Detroit to remember Robin Glover. RIP Robin our Warrior in Pink!
Waiting for my flight to London now. I will probably play EPT side event # 3, a 5-card Pot limit Omaha 8 or better tournament tomorrow
Tired of your holiday parties at the same place every year? Then come check us out and schedule your party today!
Just got my flu shot
Just downloaded The app ,Instagram. <3 LOVE IT <3
ah! followed us!
Skype me do! What's your Skype?
Earth Day celebration now in the Oak Grove and used book sale in front of the library --including such gems as Cooking With Frozen Foods.
Recommend directionality? RT : Rush, just try holding a cigar between your knees. (via )
#Yankees closer Mariano Rivera currently has 35 career saves against the
#FREEBOOSIE ...... "touch down to cause hell"
Its the fastest that gets paid and its the fastest that gets laid.
no I wish, place sounded amazing
Hope you're all enjoying the weekend! Stop in tomorrow for a delightful #brunch at LiLLiES #DC #WoodleyPark !!
I'd say Super Bowl MVP Aaron Rodgers knows his stuff! RT Rapinoe=awesome
I never realized how important you are to me , until you were gone .. <U+2665>
incredible, they look pretty calm :P
Gotta get paid what I told my mother
you already know...
PLEASE REPEAT LET FREEDOM SING!
waking up to this weather >>>
Haven't forgotten you guys! Will keep you posted with an opening date.
RT : Dont allow adversity to steal your dream dont even let it conceal your ultimate goal.
100% okay with not having a Valentine
Well hell yes. I will be your newest neighbor come June 1!
shawty whats yo name...that song is stuck in my head
When I see a sweet ass guy going for the wrong girl <<
Good Morning!! Feel like a weight has been lifted today!!
there are community gardens all over, might be worth seeing if there's one close to you.
Who's getting the calls now?
Thank you, thank you!!! xoxo
": TRELLAAARR. I hope you're ok and feeling better soon." Me too - you ok?
Come in, Go out
Service Update: We are aware that some members are having problems logging onto Paltalk - our engineers are working to resolve this ASAP!
I DO TOO
Get to masterbeat.com Free your body edson Pride feat. cyon flare is #4 on the top sellers list.
Are you here? I'm kind of at the front!
I used baby kale. They were... not as good as I expected them to be.
Thats good... Nice to here your doing good without me :-p
LOL that would be crazy if it was a Lakers vs Clippers WCF. No need to worry about Traveling
ohmigod. - SPRING AWAKENING. just saw it for the first time
Good acting job by Kimba
#butfiatisfugly? RT : Effective compared to now separate Kohl's spots w/ Mark : Question: JLo + Fiat, effective or disaster??
Setting up twitter accts for myself & work. Can't find my work acct. Really twitter? I just created it. It's there. I see it. No fun yet.
ok pops
Arias has a "forearm contusion" and x-rays came back negative.
thank you very much. :)
Another good night txt :D
The Lord is in his holy temple, and His throne is in heaven...
unless its poisoned...
We want to play too!
awesome! with peeps?!
Last minute group cancel for tomorrow! 7 & 9am tanks. Sneak into our busy schedule w/ $10 off. Call and say 'I'm from Twitter!' 503.384.2620
there's times I cuss like a mother fucker, but forreal its trashy when people have to cuss every five words!
Ordered Underrated last night! Can't wait! <3
I love that someone just pulled a Mortal Kombat reference!
great way to start a cloudy cold effday is with - Let Go , all time favorite for many reasons
Yikes. That was a beat down. Yeesh
bringing back so fresh. Love it.
Dispute it with the card company imm'ly! 2days ago, unk chg by wwwamermallcom on my Visa, ISP says URL unsafe-new card!
LOL. I'm a belieber and directioner. You mad, bro? I'm also a mahomie and ICONiac and GRANDer and so on (:
thanks for sending another pair of #UA cleats. Great customer service pays off.
being a money maker makes me grind even harder to make more money
lolz I'm always late to school :p
S/O to my favorite CSU ppl lo-lo & tee-tee love you guys !!!
Thank you for the precious card!!!!!! Can't wait for you to meet Reese!!
Speak Life into yourself! You are worth it!
the round green fox waslked over the tired dog.
thanks! there's even soo much Civil War history in our own city & state, including the 150th anniversary of Antietam in Sept
I remember all of it!!!!!!!!! Who's your fave character from it?
is wishing everybody a happy National Grammar Day!
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 89
Investing in film is like double-edged sword, such a tricky business to make money, harder than a tech start up!
yea yea lol was he suprised? When by told him about the game?
"most students away from vulnerability" In what way? Seems to me they're being exploited & defined by data.
Still have a gnarly cold but WAY better :) Thanks for asking!
how is everyone doing
It's not a great day unless I get to hear teach people over the phone what a browser is.
nah i'm in jersey for the summer
Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches.
thank you!! Enjoy your breakfast from wherever you take it!
Special Thanks To for an amazing night!!
Apocalypse Eventually, Maybe
that's pretty gross thing to say lol joking
thanks :) I can't wait to gradute!!
Showdown Practice - Noon ET Friday SPEED All-Star Practice - 1:30 p.m. ET Friday SPEED Showdown quals - 5 p.m. ET Saturday SPEED
i am ready to be ungrounded 2 things i caant stop thinkin bout her and ballin i need to ball god plz let me be ungrounded
When it rains all I want to do is have soup, watch black & white movies and build a blanket fort.
Most amaZing girlfriend
Yeee I got a troll face pin C:
Expectations today r disappointments tomorrow.hence look to fulfill unrecognized needs.
The #Heat about to meet a different kind of team the #Mavs have more then 1 really good player they got like 3...going 2 be a great
Movie in bio <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
u cant steal that cuz i said that first so i won
Talk to me about the upcoming #Chicago #NATO Summit. Museums are closed? Is it taking over the city?
I'm not going to tweet just to tweet... I'm not going to tweet just to tweet... I'm not going to tweet just to tweet... dammit.
bout to skype my new boo, never chase, just replace
Airport with #bigmilt ready to go to the left coast!
Excellent convo with yesterday, hope she's still my pal today! ;)
K pgroove finally bout to start at boulder theatre!
Does anyone know of a dog-friendly summer sublet in SF? I found an inlaw unit, but it's not ready yet. Thanks!
I found a new venture... I'm goin' all in
love you, teach me how to tweet like you, taught me how to dougie
Thanks Justin. Hope you can make it down to the Bistro soon!
Carnival with some friends!!! :)
Don't regret ... But LEARN
Nice--wish i were there. RT : ;) talking at #iStrategy about "doing well by doing good."
Get back to work mark!
I don't need help, but thanks for your offer.
Will this feature only one band, yours? Or allow others to sign up and list their bio, photos, merchandise, downloads, etc, too?
Good morning! xo
What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Er'day.
I hate when im tired but cant seem to fall asleep smh O___o
: Wow ordered TONS of pizza for Boston's ! Design4Good & eat pizza this Sat 9/3 iconathonbos.eventbrite.com
when i wake up im going to be going to the gym then to practice for singing lessons. (: hope tomorrow or um later today will be good. (:
it makes u feel like a badass.lol
omg that scared me ;o lol
says he supports more parental control in public education- public charter schools give families choice and control
Leaving to practice
I'm not sure what you mean by that.
": VIP motorcade around White House currently near Pennsylvania and 17th." One benefit of not going through UnionSta anymore.
A woman that plays her position deserves anything she wants
you definitely should try lia sophia! I've been doing it for almost 8 yrs now
at the Avalon in Hollywood on the 13th November. Gonna be a wild ride!
#iWish my eyes could take pictures.
will do!
Hope everyone is have a good week make sure you spice it up with some tunes from yours truly!
RT A hot bowl of posole makes the wind go away. Ok, it doesn't really, but at least it makes it bearable.
Nothing man just living. Hows it going?
Summer is nearly here, and it's never too early to protect your leather seats from the heat! Let us give them a pro conditioning treatment.
so a vessel has made a mess...el...
Damien Flores-Slam scenes are producing teachers in big numbers and getting children involved in language
Just got a press release for an iPhone app called Fart Alert. I don't think we'll be posting about it.
"Beyond the Sea" is firmly embedded in my head.
I'm in love with your icon :) you look so pretty!
Way too soon to tell! RT : On tonight's show, which judge's team do you think has The X Factor?
Is there a website?
someone should be talking, so did gabi tell u that I saw jb on the way home from nj
Chicks before dicks
*Job Hunting*
Post it notes, not even close
In many cases, this raises best-execution an eighth of a point, but there continues to be a lot of variation in pricing between lenders.
Shopping with my Sister Kristel. :)
your mind is my favorite mind. no lies. i'd probably trade my picture for it.
2day was huge for me. Performed solo risk assessments & counseling seshes. Though my feedback was "learn to listen to their story."
you tell me i'm cute, yet you call yourself straight? no nigga, you gay .
sorry that I'm a badass
Can someone help me? We have our tv on your channel & suddenly a commercial came on for a trailer for a new HORROR film? WHAT?
RT : How to Survive the Holiday Eating Season: A little thought and planning now may keep you from having to diet later....
Soon. RT : When are we getting info graphics?
I would put money down that wins a championship before lebron.
Super Excited about TONITE - - on Deck w/ some Island flavor TONITE
need to get this project done , I just can't find this article
The world of mobile software applications has evolved so rapidly in the past couple of years, it will make your head spin..
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : Every1 knows its important to have a mentor & guide in ur career. As obvi as it is, it's sometimes easier said than done.
Agreed... very good stuff for sure.
Glen... Good luck on the next move, I'm sure it will be the best move
Shark Tank was good tonight. Last guy was an idiot. Daymond had to dumb it down to the simplest terms possible to get the deal. Moron.
heh. Not at all!
Feeling so thankful. Thanking The Most High God Almighty for continuously Blessing me and helping me prosper. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Great friday, waiting at the terminal for my bus c:
Always a pleasure ... How many games we got on the schedule tonite?
your not aloud to come back to the clarksburg stands
Sup twitter homie
Candy Buy Back Nov 1, 4-6 pm...help support our troops!
in the end no one looses or wins
First person to tweet/Facebook us a picture with their certification pin (and a big grin) wins a prize! Be that person. Show off your bling!
We miss Vinny!
GreetingsTwittees, I'm NOW Crying, On Oprah Show ProducerTom Shadyac Downgrading His Material World Increase His Spiritual Connection <(:-)
RT : Scott Van Slyke goes deep and the Isotopes win again...They beat Nashville 4-to-2. || Red hat streak continues!
Meetings are indispensable when you don't wish to do anything.
what kind of backlinks do you have?
hope it gets better. Have a safe flight Kle.
hey Wes! Its going by quick to me
good luck on your exam tomorrow:)
No why him ..
im confused as to what part of iI CANT TALK you don't understand
Dang 3:30!..where did time go?
LoL Except for yours...right? hahaha j/k
RT : Watching a chase from Chopper 4 right now on Hwy 45. Tune into for cutins with
Good luck to all the new and returning Cannonballers! 58 are registered. How many will make it to the starting line in Georgia?
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00AC> movie time
I've heard stories floating around my gym. I'm sure it's a jealousy thing. Let's just say I'm glad to be leaving there
Looks like it. And with Al Freakin Horford defending him. RT 99 percent sure he dribbled out of bounds too...
spamming saying follow me wont get him to follow you.
So true!! Also hate when a valance is to short = ready made !!
free wallpaper Neon Game for AndroidDroidMill - free wallpaper animated
My gosh, that would be amazing. I think it's a capital idea!
OMG!!!!! This old lady just coughed n her tooth came out. And I'm not talking about dentures! I see weird things daily lol
to each his own. I'm 100% positive if you saw it, you'd be glad you did. More than likely it's not what you think it is.
I HAD A GREAT WEEK!!!
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com!
Hey Chicago! We're back tonight, with ! $15 manicure + martini, 10pm, punk/r'n'r by Melissa & Lisa, tonight at !!
Cruising back to the D yo
Saw abduction yesterday it was good
Couldn't be better, having a blast, moving to east bay in a couple months
": SOMETIMES! sometimes you just want some sex lmao"
new meal this week - smoked salmon breakfast sandwich on an english muffin with red onion, capers & cream cheese
Wish you all could have just seen my wipeout in the middle of the street.. I'd give it a 7, plus 2 points for style. #touche mother nature
I want some freaking sushi is what I want...
thank you so much!!I had so much fun.Looking forward to coming back to London soon.ciao!
Big S/O to one of my former coaches at Old Dominion, James Johnson for accepting the head coaching position at Virginia Tech. Congrats!
i should finish my Spanish project <U+270C>
cause that's where I live!!
what's up guys? Pls check out my music www.kingbabajames.com thank u so much.
it's positioning, not poisoning that makes you get popular.
“A leader's job is to help people have vision of their potential.” John Porter
“: Off to see #Avengers.Tried yesterday,sold out. Who else goes, just to see #RoberyDowneyJr?”> what other reason is there!?
no problem look 4ward too your tweets
Been on the takeoff strip for two hours..at least I'm trapped with a ginger angel!
Tonight shall be EPIC.
Long live the king!
the Republicans are nuts here!!! I shouldn't be surprised, It is a nation that thinks news comes from Fox
Thanks, , hope your day is going splendidly.
I have no idea. I really wish I knew. xD
The vampire motto: YOLF You Only Live FOREVER
That moment when you realize you haven't tweeted in a week and are like "I had NOTHING to say for a week?! But I'm such a mouthy douche!"
I don't even need to look at the link to know what picture you are referring to!
My boy right now >
So bored in class -.-
Follow me on twitter {'',}
God is in the rain
conquer local starbucks, go from there RT : I'm real, my ambitions for world domination may not be so realistic.
A wise man only speaks when he has something to say. A fool speaks simply because he must say something.
Just re-arranged my room to #sound #better . looks pretty awkward.
Austins probably signed...
Please give us a report about Gizmodo Gallery after you go there tonight, Thx.
Lol I just needed something to do wit my life!!! lol
If you're listening to right now, I wanna know what you think of our Cover-to-Cover tunes today.
Good Morning! All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography. -Federico Fellini
did you know?Bingo is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box.
Loving this rain but I hope it calms down before I have to drive. :p
I don't know why anyone would ever think about transferring from OU! I love it here!
You're welcome! Thank YOU for listening!
Happy Spring equinox...hope there is a spring in your step today.
Listening to announcers question Artest name change... Hilarious
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Spent most of the morning working on computer issues in the office. Now I need to focus on clients to keep the computers running.
You love me!
the Vegas gays say hey gurl on the road to Disney listening to your show
wats up boo I got ur message get at me shawty
how has he been doing?
Wake up call @ 630 am. Can't wait to hear your voice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>. Goodnight!!
And if you're getting back from the dance, GIMME ALL THE DEETS PLEASE(:
Spurs vs clippers Let's go spurs <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
...Drink? RT : Philadelphia had to break this open. Didn't. They will lose. Predictable.
Ooh how I love watching lion king 11/2
Fuck everybody and their "glad to be home" tweets. This car ride will be the death of me
That was a great day of football. See you in two weeks for the #SuperBowl. (it's crazy to think the Seahawks beat those Giants)
Three push
looking good guys. Now keep your feet on the gas.
#IfWeedWereLegal gee whiz
Excited that I will FINALLY be getting back into the studio, check out my website at johnboatnerentertain.com
Why does the post office close so early??! Now I can't send my late Cal Grant thing. Ugh. Fml. u_u
Hence the recent ballot box idiocy, one might suspect.
agree...RT : Dirk has more confidence in Haywood than Big #33 has in himself
#IfIHadThePower I would go to Uganda and Get Kony My Damn self . #stopkony .
Out for the show! Just heard the opening act Lucious from Brooklyn. They're kinda awesome!
Every girl wants a bad boy, but they don't want bad things to happen.
The business building mindset is being focused on what you are doing. On the input. You You are focused on things that you can control.
Gilmore Girls, hands down. Outside will be there tomorrow. But where else can you get all that witty teenage banter?
I'm hungry though.
Hey! Once we get these photos back from , we'll finally send our interview back to you guys.
Happy Anniversary! Thanks for sharing your special day with us!
Ive had enough of you.
i should be doing this take home test, but here i am on twitter and facebook smh
they say i aint pussy but i aint stupid... disrespect... Imma be a stupid muthafucka..
Unbelievable two events back to back at Franklin Lakes New Jerey with over 15 stars...Get ready for april 1st event in Poughkeepsie
M I think we will go to the fair! Stucco'd all week...need a snack. LOL
I bet this scandal opens the door to a Mary-Matthew reconciliation. I just want to know how it all turns out!!
": Your car is going to be fixed, in the name of Jesus. :-)"~~~Lol!! Thanks Corey. I've claimed it!!
Water. Lots and lots of water.
H8te fake bitches!
I moved to CA to join a tech company. Please #stopSOPA. This is the most important issue for getting my vote.
Telling someone else to tweet/facebook differently is the most awkward thing.
will be here in ALMOST 1 HOUR (1pm)! We can barely contain ourselves! (And we HIGHLY recommend BREADCRUMBS!)
My man left out the coffee on the counter. That's almost like making it for me:-)
lol yes! Made me laugh! I've read them all like twice lol
Angry birds space is fun af
haha what more could a grl want after a day of helping #Audubon for #Servathon? ansr: drinks and a Tunisian camel.
It didn't happen. It was all a dream...no, it was a wonderful experience. Great meeting & talking with you, too.
wow.. finally i can eat this food
you poor guy.... why do i relate! i want someone to listen to my podcasts!
ha- just suburbia. will try for Suburban next time.
Wilson Phillips has a tv show! lol they were singing that song from bridesmaids
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundreds of songs, but can't remember anything when we study for a test.
Love this! My next house will have a bookshelf staircase... RT : Finally a Tumblr site that really makes perfect sense to me.
I have been riding since 1971. I ride almost every day. My favorite place to ride is in NYC. My son is 13 & we ride.
lol you finally post.
Sitting here waiting for the toaster and I didn't even push it down! -____-
haha you forgot ">:)" hoorayeeeeyay for evil planning!
Fugazi's Repeater is still one of my favorite albums.
Radio all day.... Needa get a life!
thanks for the heads up, should be fixed now. I'll add your comment, thanks for the tip
text me
Morning skate was fun. I taught C. P. some more gangsta moves today to use against my other former team when we win.
but does twitter love you?
Sittinq here at (HOME) watchinq tv with the neice decidin if I wana cook breakfast or should I let my moms cook ?? Ima let her cook.
My Heart is real that's why I speak from it
Pretty sure my driver was laughing at my hiccups
Go with the flow ...nothing that you want is upstream.
should be there by mañana let us know if not!
ha! Well, for those that don't elope :)
Yes, if they incorporate creativity into an assignment where Ss display application.
I think being famous makes ur skin magical. cuz i notice that whenever u see somebody famous that they almost NEVER have pimples and stuff.
Can't wait till march
Thanks for tweeting the stats from my preso. #3 was 120M people choose travel vendors to rack up 500B points per year
Listening to my memory card on the 360
: Thanks so much for serving as a panelist and workshop facilitator!
We're so grateful and excited to be a United Drives partner!
A human head remains conscious for about 15 to 20
I like that, Matt! Will be excited to read as well.
:) At Starbucks filling out applications. If you want to hang. Ask for my number!
The Federal Independent Contractor Proper Classification Act will enable workers to request an IRS determination of their status.
I know but they are better than the grey ones and on top of that they are classics
Great saturday night! :)
I don't think we'll be in doubt about deuces this weekend.
If the Warriors could somehow find a way to get Terrence Jones in the draft we'd be set at 3 for the future
lol hell yea
Word is the GUITARMY will leave for Union Square promptly at 2.
“: because we love you and the hunt, we set this aside for you. album cover? We think duh. ” - BEST curated goods in Nash
Ya but if it could do 3D modeling... : But doesn't create a 2D image and need a 3D image?
They really need to ditch this segment, its pointless
GRAVITY getting pushed back to 2013 reminds me of when they pushed back ZODIAC from late 2006 to early 2007. Couldn't stand the wait.
of course vinny loved the big teddy bear.
Follow my new twitter
Time for my bathroom break!
Thank You!
The ghost of Cantinflas?
Our Hero doesn't need a night light. His heart glows in the dark.
Congrats on making the leap. Beautiful words -- thank you for sharing with us. Looking forward to reading more.
"I love you" means either you just want sex, you're desperate, or drunk until after you've known each other for at least two months
WIN STREAK! Sorry, it's been awhile & had to let it out! lol
The weather is perfect outside
Never punish yourself or others for a past negative experience. Our lives are under constant influence; exercise choice in their effects <3
"Writing is its own reward." ~ Henry Miller
Happy anniversary and Have a great time in Vegas!
Weird things overheard in the office: When's the next Zac Efron movie?
White Boo Gon Wild kill that
hang in there. Hope you heal up soon. I'm sure I'll see ya around sometime this winter. - Bean
been sketching, sketching, sketching the last 2 days...it's a nice change from computer work
you still there?
#oomf Bald Headed Ass .
Really want to be on a tropical island right now, chillen on the beach, with a coconut rum and sprite cocktail in hand!
On the way to the French Embassy for private tasting with Remy Martin. I hope to make the Nival ReLaunch Party in Chevy Chase.
RT @ LoveSexNotes RT : Hate dry ass people. And they wonder why you never hit them up. Im not with that one word reply shit.
Jared Allen is friggin awesome...the dude just motors for 60 mins. Proud to have him on the team
Tonight at 7pm, catch the Dallas premiere of "Berlin '36" at Studio Movie Grill on Royal Lane. The film focuses on the 1936 Olympic Games
...give incentives in focused aware green communities and raise energy motivation and perception towards efficiency and engaged DR events...
Visit dc !
you are the fakest person I know, I can't believe I wasted my time with you #fucku think again about that”
The chicken that crossed 8th Ave NW has crossed the street yet again - this time to its home! Thanks to all for the tips....
Minus about all of those but 10. ;D
Finished A Secret Rage by Charlaine Harris, author of #TrueBlood. I love her mystery novels. Her Lily Bard stuff will always be my fave.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great week!
It really does feel good to be a nice person to others
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional
Me: "What's a good tweet, baby?" Leeann: "I don't know..." (walks away)
I'm impressed you're on
Will video kill the camera? Forget the radio star!
We run it and they know it
Henrie of Mesquite: Salaries frozen, no master's reimbursement, planetarium closed. It affects learning.
tnx for mentions
Calm down you conceited bitch.
God clearly has a plan... Man!!! So excited!!!
On The Edge is absolutely amazing!! I can't wait to hear all of it!!!
Or Judy you didn't hear BT's stone age phone's spacebar is gone
Little Yvette speaking about bullying at school. Her big sister holds her as she cries about bullying.
Bahahah Justin: Roses are red, violets are blue, i forgave you and you forgave me! Ah good times in english baha Jennifer and i were cryin
'iOpen a Restaurant' it was so amazing episode! Can`t wait 4 the next one,'iHalfoween'!
RT : Early morning! Continuing my book tour on Already on my 3rd cup of coffee
Brand Affinity Technologies Secures New Financing Round Of $7.5 Million to ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Nearly one in five users tap into check-in services like Foursquare and Gowalla.
Thanks so much for the shout out! If you or any colleagues need help or a place to start, check out the WeSeed EDU section.
The Review has given up on fiction. No reviews at all except for Sam Sacks' column. Thx for cultural leadership.
I So Wish I Can Be A PornStar Like You That Would Be Some Much Fun =D
#ChicagoSoupCompany releases its first weekly newsletter next week!! If interested please send me a tweet response or message with email!!
": "People don't care how much you know until they know how much you care." - Mark Twain"
The times you saw only one set of footprints in the sand, Jesus was carrying you. But I was carrying Jesus.
you need to push kids over too
Tiger's in contention. I'm definitely watching.
I've never really gotten into boxing, but I definitely want to find a way to watch this Mayweather-Cotto fight tmro night
Oh, good. Glad we all agree.
“: how exactly do u debate against the bible ?” It's fairly easy really
my boys, if they so choose, will follow the same path.
my favorite book character of all time is anne of green gables :-)
I hate it when the person that always makes me happy is sad.... I wish I could give them the same happiness that they give me.
Amen MT Angela on academics:"You must realize u have become an expert in ONE kind of knowledge, not ALL kinds of knowledge"
Great to see you too! Thanks for the cmu contact. Was out of the office Friday so I'll likely find the email tomorrow.
Just curious, do you tweet because you know your thoughts will be posted, but lost in the shuffle? I'm considering the anonymity of it.
Glad to be a part of the collective.
It's a Cannon - we actually got it at CostCo! Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a camera #latetweetback #sorry :)
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts. -A.C. Carlson
HIV Drug Tenofovir Safe During Pregnancy, Study Suggests
George, how about being a guest on the JT Show?
Because I'm on there yet :/ this summer!
: Oh geez! -.- #peoplethesedays i tell ya!
#NowPlaying: Do You Know Where You're Going To by
You sound madd lol at who?
RT if you're part of the ONE DIRECTION family. YEA 1D YEA!
The line between crisis and opportunity is a fine one - and it's your choice alone which side you'll come out on.
anythung u want
Steve Alford from New Mexico and Randy Bennett from Saint Mary's say hello from Bishop Gorman gym in Las Vegas today.
@ the yardarm apts w/ 4 the Ice Rays Food Drive. come by. 5pm-8pm
An interesting undiscussed topic: Plagarism/theft by journalists --e.g. trolling social media for then barely disguised "new" columns.
Loving my girl Madonna!
Nothing like watching Deadliest Catch on DVR and working on Cougar Week in Spokane
ITS OPEN MIC NIGHT AT ! We have 2 SPOTLIGHT ARTISTS .. Alt/funk/Rock quintet, BLACK STARS + BDAY BOY, BUNNY SAVAGE.. 1030pm
"Nothing will work unless you do." - Maya Angelou
lol, I know right! Nd I'm just watching tv, on twitter, and texting :)) hbu?
A year in review (Part 2): Cosmetic Dentistry
Childish Gambino has always been dope as fuck
Dinner tonight...what a great way to spend Mothers Day!
Man City!
the mom in Malin Alegria's new Border Town series is a very strong character!
Sweet flop, Rozsival.
ughh , a really good dream Yee <U+2665>
man oh man your video really hit me in the heart dude...There is a special place in heaven for dudes like you
Nah,the gearheads in Hollywood are just looking for the next big thing. Home HD is inferior in resolution to theater
made a widget.
good morning. Following back :-)
Awww thank you!!
That pussy so good,he let his friends try it
What do you do when your dreams start coming true?
Let me know how it goes - sounds like something that would work really well at our library. No pressure to finish!
We have a small handful of appointments open for THIS WEEK (9/12-16) call us and get them while they last! 412.475.8192
..3-2-1 boom! the Islamic conspiracy comes up on #60Minutes #Gulen schools, US edu is crap on the global scale.#Gulen works. Don't fight it.
JENFEK fans are awesome we love you all!!
Congratulations! Did you do other sports/exercises at the same time you were doing those workouts?
Working on a lot of movie trailers - Looking forward to sharing them soon!
What is another word for a python ? A mega-bite !
Charles, you charmer!
Seriously how amazing is #FrankSinatra after a long day of work!. (Listening to Frank Sinatra Irresponsible) sigh
- hey touching base to see if u will still be able to finish the HSSS stuff. I know u r probs busy but just want to know :-)
Order your Christmas cards TODAY @ www.threesquaresgreetings.com.
Just finished writing a "happy engagement" card. This would have been the only time when attractive cursive writing would come in handy.
Wow Ryan Evans!
girl we going to get you a damn phone LOL...
Oh fudgenuts. Thank you :P
Nerds didn't honor my request.
I fucks with One Direction
Feet in general...
Dom dnt fuck wit her old Bestfriend no more she forgot the kid
Already my nigga.... Smh that's wrong as hell..
Amazing example RT : Apple sells innovation. Disney sells magic. Volvo sells safety. What do you do?
Ah Today was too hot & the sun messed up my head bad ;o quick shower than off to bed (:
We think you are one of the most exciting musicians!!
It's almost to late.signupfor the Pre-Valentine Speed Dating Event..don't want to miss this www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Dont nobody watch no dang on "Sprout" anymore ... ugly ole Channel !
The winner of WSH/NYR will prolly win the Cup, but I'm pulling for LA.
let us not forget to "breathe normally" during this crisis that resulted in dropping oxygen masks...
im out
Fact: kids who live in Texas and walk home, also get suntanned :P
#thosetimeswhen you wanna punch someone in the face
A #voiceover career cannot be bought but has to be earned.
please do! It'll be good incentive no matter where I am in this ms. Hopefully halfway through...at the least...lol!
Our #VITA program is still going strong! Call us today to get your taxes filed for free! (323) 604-1973
Good one! RT : and 'typewriter' is the longest word that can be typed with one row of letters
Lastly, our winner for the state of Minnesota...
Surprising - govt has cut off funding to RECs to get new physicians on board, implementing MU.
Excited to learn you are hosting the Tony's again! Definitely tuning in!
Don't forget the foie in butter and escargot in butter. Love that place. Enjoy.
Yep. When I throw a tantrum, I don't script it first. I just let it go.
Need your pool cleaned before fall starts? Crystal Clear Pools can help
Flea called. He wants you to put a sock in it. Or on it. So to speak.
life is awsomeee
Our Traveling Museum and team is ready to hit the road to Wheeling for the Create WV Conference! Will we see you there?
remember you said she said if i ever need someone to talk to that shes there for me? That was really nice of her.
Ouch - never heard of that!
are you doing anything awesome tomorrow night?
well I sort answered off the cuff. With deeper contemplation, my answer might have been different. :)
": Ridin round down here enjoying derby weekend #livinlife" « how is/was it?
Once again i wanna say happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers in twitter world.
has two great screenings tomorrow: 'Living Together' about alternative lifestyles in the '70s & Greenaway's 'A Zed...'
I give up.
Hi I luv u guys so much and i hope u guys r havin a great time dutin ur tours peace&luv u guys <3 143
Agree. Easier in IA with teaching standards, but still work to be done. Tch Stds have foot in 20th century 4 most part
Akinade: Number of scientific journals online in Nigeria: Zero. OA improves link between scientific and production communities
Sir Paul so fucking amazing
well sorry then follow more people im just tweeting justin casue i luv him i want him to c my tweets
Going to church on Easter Sunday doesn't make you Christian
So. Cal. It's probably pretty easy, wouldn't you think?
- see you on FRIDAY MAN!! can't wait!! Cheers!!
Oh, ok. It wasn't clear to me if you just exported via WordPress or installed the plugin.
Yup thanks! On the right version -- I think it's just short a couple components (possibly for size reasons)
cute! How can I follow you on instagram, btw?
Industry parties in New York, I live them, never a dull moment.
#HelloFriday. It took you too many days to get here!!
Sisters addicted to sex and the city idk if should be worried or not...
I really do hate when i leave something in the house !.
Thank you for reaching out to on our behalf! It was so great to see you the other night!
Matt Flynn named NFC Offensive Player of the Week. Ndamukong Suh named "offensive" jerk of the year. #Packers!
Now i know what #winning is Charlie Sheen!
Some people taste wonderful.
Pardon my French
Trying to find low cost eye trackers, any ideas out there?
If there's one thing that I learned this New Year's Eve, it's that apparently lesbians think that I smell "delicious!"
Todays's PSA: I love She just "gets" it. That is all. Carry on.
Arguing Chavez Sr or Jr with me is pointless!! Even I know I'm over the top and ridiculous!!
Photographing #Pelatonia tonight and this weekend. I'm of disappointed that I'm not competing though. Maybe next year! :)
Why do people sabotage their own happiness?
Last day of fall before snow storm comes tomorrow. Enjoy it while it lasts.
happy birthday!!!
Happy National Waffle Day! Let's celebrate! #2oclocktwittertakeover get your shoutout in!
To be honest I really don't care xD both Coke and Pepsi delight my taste buds. \(^.^)/
What percent of online content is needed for a course to be "blended?" Is the level of interactive content a better measure?
I wish u could feel the same way i feel
April is #APR month. #Detroit #PR pros - are you accredited? Share your experience and use
September SALE at JSJ! All month long. More amazing stuff for less. Thurs-Sat 12-7pm. Get some!
good god paige! go wipe!
It's been a long night and it's still young. Almost ready to bring #NewContent just need a couple more troops.
friend we going to have to agree to disagree on this one. Lol, I love me some FUTURE!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
h8 when you're watching TV or Netflix on your iPad and your thumb barely grazes the home button & closes the video.
Cannot. Stop. Eating Peanut Butter Pretzel Bites.
I'm sorry to hear that but yes it is still really soon!
Free coffee, and tea samples! Get paid 2 drink coffee,tea, and hot cooca
If someone brought me a cherry limeade right now I'd love them.
Sometimes kids annoy me so much.
What has been your favorite Skillshare class, so far? And why?
Who saw us at Firefest saturday?? :) that show was just plain awesome!
It is policy to ask for lost equipment back as Sec of State Clinton stated and defense. Dont expect it back.
(The puppy picture helps, though.) Can't wait to see you!
Come on Man put a ring on it and give us, 86,87,& 88.
oh no worries. Thanks for letting me know! I'll try to head in in the next few days. We didn't really glue them solidly.
You know you've been busy when your quite on Twitter. Hope to be in full swing by next week. How is your weekend, ya'll?!
Definitely staying hme tomorrow I need a day frm them mfs at raby.
Lolol how much more can they get with you? Jk. XD <3
my room needs cleaned. Guess what I'm not doing? :3
Q1. If you could visit any city in #Germany, where wld u go? Why? #TNI .
Sherman/Larkins Stadium - Pacific University Athletics
if they saved your life it should be on demand for the rest of your life. (limit 2 per day)
Sorry about all the birthday tweets. But i fuckin love my birthday. Its the only day i have an excuse to be a bitch
Yea all the shows R podcasted. I'm in the midst of changing my website all around but it'll hv everything on there shortly! :)
As many as 10 Bastrop artists lost their homes in the fire. Some lost their life's work, including all their supplies & equipment.
during the course of a chat session to try and cancel my account, I received 4 different offers for more service. Enough already.
Yes. Member ticket reservation begins at noon on Saturday for Monday's game.
I am in serious denial about the current state of my living room (foyer and kitchen). Sigh.
There's only one person in the world whose opinion of you matters. They can be found in your mirror.
Both of y'all shuddup and get out of my mentions (: <3
Couldn't agree more!
It's always important to follow your intuition.q
please get rid of the mother daughter crying commercial.
you would have gotten like 3rd though
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness. - Chinese proverb.
omg u are on a plane with jb
Best. Compliment. Ever. Thanks! // RT : Back Yard Burgers > than ANY fast food burgers
I ain't gotta talk! people will say it for me! even Rosetta Stone....
that is your
ALL THE OTHER KIDS WITH THE PUMPED UP KICKS
Thought I'd mention how good Anna Christie, despite the obvious beautiful presence of Jude Law, he is fab
One day you'll type in my name and I'll be rich i
you should check out this amazing kid his name is Dylan Hyde he's an amazing singer follow him !!!!!
At the first rehearsal with hired #oratorio soloists, conductors should solicit their opinions regarding tempo
I believe you can call it acting and that makes it legit. I would wager you are a good actor even if you are a terrible liar.
Lazy day today ... Who feels me ?
aw then it's not as funny. Well it's creepy and weird and you would have laughed....
I LOVE YOU
Why is Scottie Pippen wearing that Steve Harvey suit??? Lol
you know what I get what you meant now! all cool man!
Oh! This oughta be good! I'll tevo it.
#WFUD12 Interesting that the discussion is largely centered on journalistic practices; little mention of copyright law itself.
Russell Wilson, newest Badger :-) Go Big Red!
Anyone else notice that Zaxby's commercials seem to be a place where old SNL folks in need of money end up?
That was a good one. :)
Good luck. I'm glad I never had to do comps.
good bout to go to practice
One of my favorite scriptures Philippians 3:14. Check it out! If we never press toward our goals we never win the prize.
ms.Santangelo said no texting, tweeting or ipods. Hahahaha this bitch
Framework rupture of intestinal floorboards: ringing neck of birthing tube facelift: crosslegged in egg shell aftermath: O stimulant sphere.
Does anyone have any business data on how much a food truck costs to run in the DC area?
Where quality still lives... www.WiseflyAutoGlass.com
Fuck you. We've had the same shitty electricity running across poles for over 100 years, yet you can't fight wind.
watchin tron legacy and hear "whats better about 3d than just watchin it the regular way."what a dumba$$
great, thanks
Something major happened on I5. Two choppers hovering over near SODO.
have fun in Prague
listened to my commencement address about stress being good for you & the taste of victory is seasoned with past defeats
+ , TOTALLY just felt one here at , too -- near 6th & WI.
Billionaire plans on building a Titanic 2. I wish I had money so I could make a joke out of past disasters. Pearl Harbor 2: The Squeakquel
Must have requested 50 of the same BEASTIE BOYS song at the bar last night. Didn't hear one song.
My kingdom for a hot tub. And a masseuse. And a soothing male voice to read to me. I'm a humble woman of humble needs.
To Know is To Love and To Love is To Know.
lmao i would be the one to drop something and make mad noise when I'm trying to be quiet. ah.
I am, i'm not even kidding I'll pay for the tattoo. I know pick whereever you want.
thanks so are you :) <3
I want a new hair style :P
Hosted private clouds and hybrid clouds are the preferred models based on a 2011 survey.
b/c if a little is essential there is no such thing as too much? RT : Santorum: "CO2 is a pollutant? Tell that to the plants."
Marking sprint: 25 project analyses. Go!
Haha we always joke the best part will be the open bar!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
did you have a bad experience with your cup?
glad to have you along!
project x...its outrageous
Hey Rita, didn't get down til game time. Surprisingly, I didn't even have a beer
New CBC Lineup Same as The Old CBC Lineup - The Mark
the flight at the gate next to me is heading to Detroit. Should I jump on it instead of going to Vegas?
the phrase "type good money" is ghetto. as hell.
is body surfing in a hurricane.
Whats the word on Clinton Portis, did he retire ?
your right about a hand can touch your heart. I see it as being harder to get because someone always need somthing in return
really wants to follow her. that would just make her day 100 times better! :)
gender and sexuality identity development - exploration, intellectual, emotional, social , behavioral...
When we fail our pride supports us and when we succeed, it betrays us. Charles Colton
What a summer its been so far!
WE GET IT LAPD YOU HAVE HELICOPTERS
Macro Baby will open a new store on International Drive in Orlando in October. Another reason to love Orlando!
In business, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later. - Harold Geenan
No caca , just kidding okay :)
I'm a Met fan
stop looking at me swan!!
Hey, thanks! SXSW is next week, thanks goodness!
addictions - txt/phone solution 2 = explain to child how one addictive behavior like sugar can lead to others, drugs, gambling, sex, money
“ You may not end up where you thought you’d be, but you always end up where you’re meant to be.....”
I used to have a business card that said, "Writer, Scholar, Wise Guy." But then someone asked me if I was in the Mob.
Great brunch this morning. Salmon Benny's to die for. Renee's a lovely server.
what was the name of that man that had the videos on youtube?
Looks like was right. No mas Brite Futures.
I never tweet anymore. Like seriously. I miss some cool, serious stuff.
I Want Her back !
Meeka, I supported you 100% I stop watching the show! Say what I had to say on blogs etc! I still support you!
Care about people's approval and you will be their prisoner.
Experts saying Houston's 09-10 winter coldest in recent history
Reality: Sometimes the best financial decisions you can make for your business are not the best for you personally.
Learning about obesity among Chula Vista elementary school kids. Abt 25% of the district's 6th graders fall into the category.
Thought of this great joke, hope no one else has used: Terrell Suggs balled too hard.
i know when you say "my editor" you mean emacs.. what magic do you use to strip trailing ws from edited lines?
im having fun reading juwan and his lover buddy kaysha meassages From brianna<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
Thanks for the follow! We'll be sure to fill you in on our next tasting in Huntington - Cheers!
Please tell Kiki Thank you for such a lovely evening. Great work lady! #levvitt>awesome
Huge impact, yeah. Not my fave Beasties LP now but a big deal to me growing up.
140 deep, departing public square in 5!
“Twilight” author Stephanie Meyer earned $40 million in 2010 -- this despite not having a new book released in 2009
online shopping trends: Alera Interval Series Swivel Stoolgray Fabric
U r so hot!
RT : RT : Sleep is so incredibly important to weight loss.
Do a whiskey sling (hot toddy) then pile on the covers. You'll sweat out the sickness in no time.
is he a good guy or bad-guy? My thought: good-guy: go left, bad-guy go right :)
Should be at Shady Grove in less than five minutes !
I do that way more than I'd like to admit.
Fb Family Its Time To Work Soo !
You didn't waist a year for nothing.
I'm so excited! I didn't think it was too long *hides her nails bitten down to numbs*
I won't be getting that installed on any of my cars. Just too much monitoring to suit me. BIG BROTHER WATCHING.
I went with the Timbuk2 Command bag. I liked the TSA feature for airport screening. The video on their website was entertaining.
The observer effect is strong in this heisenbug.
I will continue to say all men are the same until one shows me otherwise!!!!
They just brought the troops home from iraq. The way things are going we gonna be sending them to iran by summer.
#RUreading The Contortionist's Handbook by Craig Clevenger. Fascinating narrator.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. - Kahlil Gibran
you know it
Movie recommendation of the morning is Jim Carey in "The Mask"
Parents kill more Dreams than anybody.....Do not kill ur children's Dreams. ..SpikeLee. #BETHonors””
Trying to plan something huge for my mans bday, this is going to be fun!!!!
cheerios are nice though. still sounds like some sort of kinky pre-porno
I caved and joined Twitter...are you happy you little evil blue bird?
Thanks for the shout out!!
It's getting pretty old if you ask me. It seems like most people want quick explanations, but the issues are complex
The Tavener Mass 'O Michael', especially seemed like a vision of transcendent goodness, embodied in sound.
We just finished a major refactoring that took ~a week! :) the codebase is freaking awesome now thanks to 's ninjary!
Love seeing Saints in the Dome, but glad to be home now watching the game with Twitterverse!
Ramen for breakfast.
Seems like Michelle loves her some Young Jeezy too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
's sassy.
just got back on the grid. Sorry for ur loss friend. Be well.
tired of being single in my life
lol you know me well. Are you gonna be in Colorado in May?
I'm going right know. Can u come?
if you like warm white sand and crystal clear emerald water.......follow me..
no t`f it wasnt you can even ask her n she said mybad wen she walked off
Watching "Harold & Maude" while writing a $4k check to the IRS. Such a mix of emotions!
Good Morning! Enjoyed a delicious Christmas supper at the Wharf with a dear friend last night. Today, must bake my last cookies to post!
If you eat a cookie and no one sees you then the calories don't count
give me some sugar baby lol ;)
I can only imagine that it would be more easier for the network, plus having one point shows privacy and tech is not GPS-enable.
check ur email
": "Ben is gorgeous." Things GIRLS only say on the #bachelor" ha! If any of them passed Ben on the street they wouldn't look twice
Lots to get done today I better make a list to stay on track. First thing on the list.... Don't forget to call mom
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 9
I feel like i need to walk around with a sign on my back saying "Don't touch my hair!" I'm walking around and people randomly play with it.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
ikr? i hear stories and ik ur normal compared to them
Spurs' depth pays off when they need it due to foul troubles. DeJuan Blair, a starter most of the season, comes off the bench in second qt.
Thanks for the RT hun xo
nah but can u? and do u really live in veages?
Thanks, dude... I'll get my gf to wear my Drupalcon t-shirt
Day 2 of our annual Spring Sidewalk Sale, still a ton of great deals left! $5 t-shirts, $30 football jerseys!
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass?
<----- follow this guy.. He makes some great music!
Text me! !! I'm bored.. an packing to go back to OHIO suckas
oh that is wonderful! Thank u!!! U should see the profile version of that painting, crazy different! It's his sister!
so I turn 16 tomorrow but an early birthday wish would be quite lovely. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
BMA Milwaukee Student Networking Night. Libiamo's Restaurant. That's where I'll be Tuesday eve.
Where the fuck do they do this at? Smdh I hate ppl like u...need new surroundings n ppl n my life asap #
Massages, facials, waxing, Oh My!
"Austins not perfect tho" who is you darn jack muffin!! Go hate somewhere else !!
": Good morning people, my 2,400th tweet goes to none other than <3" <3
I can't say anything with this chick around!
RT : Expect something good to happen today. Let your attitude be, “If anything good can happen today, it will!” –Joyce
thanks and for your posts! stay safe, yourselves
alright cool
I've got a good feeling about 2012.
I wanna #bottlepop tomorrow.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!! <U+2665><U+2665> Allison Harvard with 81,167 Followers on Tweeter
Could be better. How are you?
OMG Princeton kissed Rocsi!!! It was funny though
Disruptive startup idea: Conference call service where participant access codes are shorter than 15 characters.
In Seattle area & interested in innovative marketing ideas? opened SummerGrove in Kirkland with interactive touch topo table!
Thank You
I refuse to watch this on the grounds of I do not wish to have that song stuck in my head for another 3 weeks
Ryan Braun just broke the twitter.
My third grade teacher, Mrs. Piispanen, changed my life when she decided that I was a good student. I believed her.
A3 just as tech has provided more & better ways to customers to respond to brands, cos can also respond to customers
TGIF to you both. :) RT BEST lunch ever. Massage, wine and chocolate. Thanks
Sorry to be picky, but COME ON LESTER!!!
Fashion is an imposition, a reign on freedom - Golda Meir
My arms are so hairy. Im an undercover monkey.
VERY. Send me pictures :)
lmao i 4got all about that till she said somethin
I Love You So Much<3
Doin big things is never my worry, it's havin' my health and the life to do it....
because ur sexy and you know it!
MY LLAMA'S COUSIN'S WEDDING GOT CRASHED BY VOLDEMORT, JUSTIN BIEBER, AND A UNICORN
Internet2 national research and education network is something we all need to be fully supporting. Economic development depends on it.
Im sad now... I just found out that i wont be able to audition until next season. Cause i dont have enough money to do it this season...
Whats your favorite topping?
Your a good mommy you remind me of my mom when I was young. Happy Bday wishes to your twins...
Be sure not to miss a tweet and
updating to #iOS5.1 right now
Stay Tuned....The all new DM Williams Int Website Launching October 4th www.dmwilliams.org
mister bin del 1
That would be yummy!
Grateful for Chicago style hot dogs, and the many vendors thereof.
My name's Korinna and I like to threaten amazing people with power cords.
Hydrating like a son-of-a-gun before Melissa's bday soiree. Probably not good that I sweat out white stuff earlier!
The principle part of faith is patience..
Distracted by the fact that there is almond brittle with salted ganache ice cream waiting for me in the freezer at home...
Cynthia, thank you for sharing. I actually think teachers, students, and content are linked.
my life would be complete if you followed me<3
Welcome new Twitter followers and GL to everyone playing the Main Event!
Just explicate how page length has been too reinforced and kids churn out filler and must think brevity
Ok we are finally inside the store :)
I sail, scuba dive, play football, basketball. Casper Van Dien
hopefully he can get his act together and get on more draft boards.
I would feel better about my life knowing you were listening to Def Leopard or something.
“:The most beautiful thing is to see the person you love smiling& even more beautiful is,knowing that you are the reason behind it.
Fresh Prince until I pass out...
Co-working away today at Office Nomads...
"One can see that man has been tailored, made to careful specifications for those things that study us."
you don't sound drunk
we're jealous....but we have tickets for tomorrow :)
When people completely change their account into a different fandom... O.o
RT Tune in at 11:50 a.m. CT today for a discussion on with Internet analyst
The beginning of the end of AIDS starts with you. #(Red)
For club INFO contact
Me too. I have this convo 10+ times a week with libs and the frustration level is off the charts.
will u follow me
Hey #Cleveland gals! We're working on expanding our team! If you or anyone you know is interested in spreading some #Ctown love let us know!
Thanks to everyone who came out and watched us perform with the Koffin Kats last night! You rock!
It's a good one for sure
make sure you get a Blooming Onion.
Double Celebration! Happy Father's Day to all the Pops. Junina Day 2! Come on down and party up!
sure invite me to the group..anything I can do..do we get cool t-shirts and bumper stickers? Lol
Do you ever tweet?
Enjoy. Look forward to having you at Super Bowl again.
Damn. I shoulda pissed before I got on this bus…
Awe Man RT : Aww man... That swag dust! Lmmfao
Us too! Are there any cool stores out in Clovis that you would recommend?
you don't love kessel and Connolly?
He is a fisher of (Becker)men.
the pictures in my phone >>>>
“: Not Hating Or Anything But Why Is Selena Dressing Like That Now.?:o” like what?
she should keep in mind there is nothing i do better than revenge
last time SOME "family" will be invited
“: rocks... Nuff said. #SimplicityIsBestForKindRemarks” // Thanks Rocco! You're the best!
#happymothersday ladies may god bless u with many more.
You're in my hometown! Say Hey.
"The time for reform is long gone. This meeting is about innovation." Finding new solutions... Nice inspiration from
Love her or hate her, just like she said... she's "singing it at the grammy's" and counting her millions of $$
Great site!
haha I know right. Cant wait till I watch it.
just called me at 6:24pm to let me know that the repair tech won't be able to come out today between 12-4pm.
congrats girl!!
excited about advising an independent project on subcultural masculinities in hip hop and punk next fall term.
I NEED Taco Bell now!!
not much lol
Why did I waste all that time on you when it was all a lie.?
Today's is going to be somebody's "hitting rock bottom" moment.
Just watched a movie called "In Her Skin". Left me feeling a bit sick cause it is a true story. Worth watching I guess.
I don't think 's 11:11 should be a single.... It should be an ALBUM!!!
Ok so I didn't make it in today. Big whoop. Just gotta call tomorrow. The world won't end.
Touché. I finally caught PJ20 on NetFlix, so I can hold court whenever you all talk about that.
I dont like or hate Victoria Justice. I just find her annoying sometimes. Shes super pretty though! :)
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 05/05/12 is Sally and Dan!
Determined to get an R8 for a day aren't you ;)
i know right. But i got me a ipad so i could get on twitter more often.
Stupid allergies ):
CAN'T WAIT FOR PROM! <3
And at the end of the day you're still the one on my mind..
I found a marian girl..I found a marian girl.
Happy birthday George Lucas!
Uploading a video tonight! :)
tweet me ;p lets trend something??:D
NO, you need to grow the fuck up and act your age.
using the new Layers app on Chrome....dope!
Goodnight everyone =D I hope you all had a great day!
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion
idk then. Cause that name sound so familiar. Oh well.
remember that 1 time u ate meat off the Boston Ballet dance floor while singing Bat Boy? Tell me you've used that for auditions!
coughing my lungs up . . .
French Proverb~ There is no flying without wings.
Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Men who lack understanding oftem make fools of themselves.
see there, thhe should have hit him even w/ the warning!
Dane Cook is hilarious
it definitely is. Worked 9+ hours yesterday essentially to pay for something I didn't even do.
Omg!! Which store did you get it from? I got the Costco edition. Oh and did you finish the clockwork angel books?
If anyone has Heath Bell on their fantasy team, seriously drop him right now.
we all have that on person who is always there for you when you need them.. unfortunally mine is in ireland :(
I am passionate about Lyric Opera because after a great performance I have what can only be described as an "Opera High".
#mix did not survive the zombie apocalypse. RIP
there's just a little box there...oh and
Just max out on frog legs and potatoes. Time to plan my day for tmw.
So hungry. Don't want to cook. What should we make/buy?
Watching 's biography on #GAC and can only dream of being as successful one day! He's a true inspiration!
"Jon Skeety" is an adjective at , as of today. /cc
Just finished the strawberry lemonade. It's all yours tomorrow.
No one would listen when I said the 49 niners would be great again I stay loyal to my team. Bay area!!!
Thnk you RT : lol been there! It's so annoying.. Yes you can be black and have long healthy hair that's real..
You shouldn't wear a "belly shirt" if you have one.
The family of a mother and son shot to death is speaking out. Find out why they think this tragedy could've been worse. at 10&11.
10 women on the US national soccer team are in a Bible Study led by Athletes in Action! Boo yah! God is on the move!
Special thanks to all the troops who made it possible to enjoy a peaceful Christmas!
When people do something for ya and throw it in your face <<<<<
reruns of #southpark. fantastic
Hi jason-- thank you! and that was a spam last night btw :(
Boy crushes over here :)
Im Big Nasty 2 my old brods...
About to head into our virtual session on the 21st Century Museum Educator! Come see us tomorrow in-person at 10:45.
Today's BTU inspiration: "The time is always right to do what is right." ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
I'm happy I am blessed with a great personality.
I am ready for a great night. Beautiful outside and I love my job. See all you fish fry people tonight.
Nothing is always absolutely so. ~ (Theodore) Sturgeon's Law
I know I'm late in saying this but Shout Out's to and her interesting article in Nov. Ebony. You go Gurl! Anyone read it?
TV Show I've been watching: Alias, Sn 3; Disk 5. Both Michael's wife and his mother-in-law are in the Covenant.
Mutants (2009): French mish-mash of various zombie/infected tropes. Nothing all that new here, but decently crafted. 2.897 out o' 5.
Listening to Weezer: "Island In The Sun"
In Hollywood for Jimmy Kimmel's Studio Lounge Oscars Watch Party and After Academy Awards Show!
Election Day is November 1, 2011. Anyone have anything on their ballot they would like us to disucuss in an upcoming show?
thats right ! This game is tough enough let along having a jockey that isn't on board to get the horse across.
If u don't want to do it make someone do it for u
Wow,.. thank you so much!
making my own #NoH8 shirt. (: You're so amazing! <3
Gord Ash might not join the show now after finding out he's not eligible for the Braun print.
Only time women athletes get mentioned on sports media is when someone calls them a ho.
So...going to move on a school night and a dog that needed to go out at 4am is making for a slow moving morning for me.
If I had it my way, I’d slit your throat with the knife you left in my back.
Que? Has your account been hacked?
#harvarddebate getting ready to begin. The question: are libraries obsolete?
well put.
So did I.
the NDAA is not hope; in yout hands maybe you thought it would be used responsibly but it is wrong & abusive & the next will be
How can vulnerability and authenticity be present in social media? Or is it too frightening to really share of ourselves with strangers?
I LOVE pad kee mao. LOVE. Yum.
took a long nap my fault
Thanks Claire, I hope you enjoy it!
They say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. But I am pretty sure that's only if you plan to read it.
But you will love them! Jim Dale is the reader. He's a master at voices. U will not be bored! ": Haven't seen any ..."
Haha was this directed towards me?
Already saw this one. Don't you worry, I always look!
I'm sorry. :c
where you at
Have You Seen The Show??.
Of course! 2017! RT u guyz better do a reunion for 2007
#JustDoIt!! You guys rock! ....fan since the beginning. Get inspired damn it!
yeah, well my room actually. You can't see this from any of the other rooms
In Barcelona. Long day. Cool city. Groovy hotel. I'm exhausted. I'm getting some sleep.
true warriors
New cupcake atm style machine in Beverly Hills!! What's next??
Austin should make songs more often. All of his songs are perfection, and his voice adds about a gallon of heaven to it too.<U+2665>
I love "The Pit!" great place to play “: En route to Albuquerque for the game!! Let's get it boys!!
four productions of various and sundry things for the fall. hooray!
Today was awesome the resurrection play was amazing, I didn't mess up! Haha
Can't wait for next week and more of #Star! Loved too!
Y krispy kreme got a red velvet cake donut with sour cream crubs on it? Shiiit good diet gone bad
Pizza, nachos & beer in hand. Let's do this. Go #RedHawks!
Diagnosed with a tear in my left hammy. First day of rehab. Feel like I got NYK syndrome. Get well , , and
I can't even watch the fake surgery on medical tv shows. Good thing I don't work in that field!
Ugh I've worked three days in a row :( and next weekend probably the same I don't have a life :(
Aww man. It's a beastie boys blaring kind of day.
welcome to Twitter! It's a bit addicting!
He had his interests. In general, he didn't add any more interests to the list.
OK I just followd
My PT is dressed like a cave man....Hairy legs, yuck.
Really digging #HTML5 Boilerplate () Great work by and friends.
COURAGE. CONVICTION. “: Taking one term to declare where you stand on gay marriage #Obama2012 #gutsycall”
Disappointed that the hot tub wasn't warming up quick enough. Maybe tomorrow :-)
great case studies on digitization, including an interesting talk by
FYI, Mr Rogers' Neighborhood totally stands up; held the kids' attention the whole time
I don't hate this crowd but I DO hope they all get ass cancer.
Psychologists, for the most part, still being prepared to work with individuals isolated from their contexts
Somebody get the fucking rebound damn,enough with the second chance points
i better see you!:)
no!!!! That stinks I'll fix it
They are bad there too! ": well I'll avoid that then. I'll go to Victoria Secret"
what room are you going to?!
#Obama2012 is now down by 5% and falling. Support among men who pay taxes is almost non-existent. Gender gap?
They have In-n-Out in Texas now?!
Fellow Indianapolis farmers/gardeners - I need a recommendation for purchasing red worms for my new compost bin. Please help! Thank you!
hey there !
Echo this. RT : Check that folks ... all soccer scores are in! ... Now onto lacrosse please.
If you think Hendo has a chance against Jones I will bet you your whole check Jones walks away wit a win
Why would changing your data break the API? The point is to make it OO: /path/to/object?message=something
justin it would mean the world to me if you followed me! <3 (:
What u know about seattle record producer Jake one?
How's the game?
you should just be the best YOU that you can be no matter what talents you have
I'm back on twitter!
Chicago bound with ! #girlsweekend <U+E146><U+E01B>
The Salesnet website has been redesigned. Let us know what you think...
I still hav to do the whole thing I still have lots o homework
youll need the beauty sleep more than me so GO lol
I don't even like MiLK. Not sure why there's a whole day devoted to it.
Already looking forward to getting off work. I may play some ball today but I plan on working out my lower body
hold on yogurt is fucking bacteria?
students: Don't like Creative Commons questions? Share your suggestions with us!
Congratulations to Julien Person on his commitment to Case Western Reserve!
Congratulations to everyone graduating today! is live-tweeting the Commencement ceremony.
I'm workin at the callaway house parking lot = the 7th circle of hell for cheer moms. I am the angel of death, please move your tahoe maam.
Casually sitting in my room writing a list of people I wouldn't mind if died. Yup.
Watching #ThePerfectGame its finally on netflix :D
NEW WEBSITE NEARLY HERE!!! so excited!
No hate here! :)
Some justice, at least.
so sorry on the wrong twitter handle!!!
Slow down and live life. There is no reward for being the first to die.
/// Yea I got it. I forwarded it over to the IO65 CEO's...
Met up with Davaun again! I miss that little buttface :P
LITE version out now!!! Let's play on your iPhone!
Im gonna be 18 in bout a month!!!
Talking to her way early in the morning >>
I'm skipping this year too!
BIRTHDAY FUN HERE I COME!!!
can you give a shout out to
Louisville sure is playing sloppy.
THANKS! RT Hey! Pay attention to these! let the excitement build.
Cannot believe MCA died today. So sad. I grew up thinking he was one of the coolest people alive.
I share your weather down here in Long Beach. Windows & doors are wide open.
OH REALLY
You know school is back when you haven't tweeted in over a week
Sushi is SO GOOD
Have you guys tried snail? I think that's the nastiest thing I've ever put in my body? ;x
Hire movers in Your area starting at $50/h! Trucks, vans and trailers!!! Licensed & insured! Let us take the burden from Your shoulders!
I do! I also by default have picked up the habit of reaching my arm across the passenger seat when I slam on brakes!
It was a good predictor when I lived in NYC, too. Although I doubt y'all will have the freezing rain problems we have!
you bought another dog bro?!
Hey planet, can you guys please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !?
The sweetest revenge is showing off how happy you are in life and not giving a fuck!
wanna be best frands?
LOL! Apparently the cops came to ticket it and the car was gone... At least I have my spot back!
This is why Met fans flip the Fu out!! Its not easy! I hope they loose this game. They deserve it!
Post-Docs are doing great work in helping faculty connect to new ways of synthesizing scholarly knowledge.
Enjoying the day outside with the laptop, looking around for employment...already applied to a few jobs around the area.
Dropping off a payment. Go to bed!
Tired as fuck
that beat is awesome!! think convertable on the highway
Wednesday and I am tuned in to Political Junkie on NPR Talk of the Nation
Please help us reach out to more fans/followers and mention to yours! We appreciate it!
RT The Colorado State men's golf team has won the 2010 Mountain West Conference championship
Robert Sheehan sexy beast and also
To the world, you may just be somebody. But to somebody, you may just might be the world. ~ Unknown
It was great meeting you both. I hope we stay in touch!
Mark Pinsky (Gospel According to the Simpsons) is deconstructing blogging and the blogosphere
You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them
Today #Wisconsin is the #news democracy, jobs, education & on restoring our tradition of open, honest gov.
Ok Cee-Lo, I mean Patti, I mean Cee-Lo--I'm confused!
Just tapped Schooner Exact Seamstress Union Raspberry Ale.
Got a little too much of you? Lady of America Dallas is offering no dues until January. Call us to beat the sweets! (214) 827-LADY (5239)
Shaun. RT Cant make up my own mind. Should I watch Hitchhikers Guide or Shaun of the Dead?
Government extends on-line visa application system to 8 more cities - Economic Times
Dick Stockton. Come on now.
0000001000000110101001101010011 We poisoned their asses.
tinyurl.com fit your URL into twitter
Can u follow me back plz
WEC and UFC merging!! And still airing fights on Versus! Great news!!!
Get in my bed.
Im home semi-sick tonite, but I will not tolerate this kind of a boring summer. Where my homies and summer girls at? Lets live, not exist!
New Years Catering as seen on KOIN Local 6 www.sendacake.com
Hope you enjoyed Ballet Met last night! We're hearing rave reviews.
Boston Ed struggles: state decides teacher evals, closing public schools, opening charters. Divides membership.
Talking eBooks at a retirement community later today. Will I be pursued by a mob of cane wielding, seniors?
I'm excited about the World of Wine in Temecula this weekend. Anyone else going? Follow me Sat. as I taste and tweet.
Is it possible to get me in touch with someone in Seattle who may like to sponsor, or can sell at wholesale?
Question of the day. What is your favorite tequila?
that's awesome. I'm jealous. We have way less cool symbolic things in the Roman rite.
Gay Outlaw
Omg. I've been in love with Mark Ruffalo to a point where I think he's more attractive than Ramin Karimloo. SOMETHING ISN'T RIGHT.
Silver usually means you're old, doesn't it? :P
What a craptstic week that was. Being Type-A is def. biting my ass recently.
Happy Mothers Day all you special moms out there! Thank you all...
outstanding fines? owe the library materials for books you lost? post a question and ill give you the best answer to get it resolved!
Same to you! Thanks! RT : Happy Friday!
DEAD ASS ??? o.O Creepy. Yes. And finally all my Pokemon questions will be answered. Pokemos look horny all the time btw.
Stuffed after 2nd Thanksgiving dinner tonight. Think I need to run again tomorrow morning to burn the calories!
Single and failing to mingle.
Follow & RT for chances to win next week's Starbucks Gift Card! New winner announced every week. Thanks much
I think Strasburg start got changed because of a rainout “: Going to Dodgers game wed/Fri night! Fri night kershaw vs strasburg.”
heyy lovely:) how was the fair?:D x
you did amazing on the today show!
thanks for the follow:)
Aight let me get dressed...
#CAD2012 panel of state departments talking about working together to make it easier for families to obtain services.
0_o I thought we we're followers already? Crazy A** Phone!
Deepest of all satisfactions: doing something of great intrinsic value that makes a meaningful contribution. Collins
Huge thanks to all those following. I changed from to Never imagined this amazing PLN...wanted to go less formal!
Now Twitter has brought me a litany of death that is almost too much to bear. RIP #AnnaBrown #TrayvonMartin #ShaimaAlwadi #Rekia Boyd
Bad call in the #knicks game...of course boston gets all the calls... pats, bruins, sox, celts all get the calls
i hope your stunt falls..
Friday debate: Which is better, winter or summer?!
DM me your email and I'll send you a free copy of my book, The Dream Job Program
Agree. Love her makeup too, understated but pretty RT : Love Gwyneth's dress, but not the hair
This week spinning in 3 different Halloween parties: fri , sat , sun ! Contact me for info tickets and tables <>
Enjoying reading and sharing your content and welcome the opportunity to link with you!
retired Captain Smiley. If you have one, keep it...he'll be worth meeellliuns some day!
Cheers 2 U RT Glasses up to new amigos
"I won't leave you ever, I will follow you, wherever you go" -Mary Magdelene spoke these words to
PRIMARY NIGHT: Wisconsin Reporter co-hosts Primary Night Roundup, from VCY in Milwaukee, livestreamed on WR, from 9 to 11 p.m.
For every beer drink 2 glasses of water!!
Wanna win gift cards to your favorite retailers? Enter for a chance to win on our NEW "GIVEAWAYS" TAB (look to the left).
I could break everything in sight
Hey Luke if you see this can u plz follow me i love your movies and have all ur songs ur amazing plz follow me <3
Kentucky this season had their fewest personal fouls per game (14.8) since the 1944-1945 season (14.1).
I had somewhat of a handle on life... but I think it broke!
it is the last Palmer fest! Gotta go out with a bang haha
D Yes.
Walking around in North Philly at 3 am you'll see some interesting things
News media in Madison WI- looking for a fun folo to MIttengate? Contact for a heartwarming feel good story
thanks doll! :)
AMBER ALERT Edmonton, KY little girl 3 yrs old, picked up by a man driving a gray car, license plate:Q72B381.
What if I did it now? Would it hurt less when that time comes?! Ughh
Rappn was never my dream until I rocked my first crowd
I wasn't PLANNING on going to the gum tonight, but.....
I'm #hashtag crazy.
Thanks for following us at
OK BED FUK IT...LONG TRIP HOME TOMORROW!!! CAN'T WAIT TIL NEXT TIME CHI TOWN YOU ARE THE SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
People know there's something wrong, BUT HEY, there's a sale at Macy's
Why you gotta hate & try to make me jealous thoo !? Dont think that I dont know, cause believe me, Ive been knowing.
I love baking vegan goodies :3
After hours of debate it's tabled and then forgotten and out of ambiguity comes certainty
well my car's being dumb... But i'll go over soon as I shower and pick something up at cesar's
We're gonna keep this Revolution Rolling strong! Thanks for the props man!
Hey! Hit my text with your e-mail! :O)
agreed! And the Burial Insurance emails need to stop as well!
I need a break...
Five reasons Adobe's CS6 subscription is smart - CNET
thanks, pal!!!
Remind me to never, ever again go to the zoo on a free day + holiday. Also, when did Spanish become our national language?
that's AWESOME! That's what that is.
Time for work
Avengers definitely worth the price of admission.
congrats! Now come to Kentucky to celebrate!
TREE INFO- don't forget to water new plantings!
Had a great time demoing last night. Thanks for a fabulous event Bob!
Well tonight got much better
Sensate focus was originally conceived by Masters and Johnson. It involves a step-by-step sequence of body touching exercises, moving from..
Tribe are for real.
I got goosebumps .
i love hearing old throw backs I used to love
Thank you 105.7 for the racing tickets you gave away at the Sunoco Station in Clarksville MD Friday. Now lets go eat some crabs at Jimmy's
I have come across her name a few times. Do you remember if you read about her in a book? I hope I remember stuff like you!
Me too!! I'm about to head out for my lunch break, which will just include a walk :)
Congrats!! We hope you and your Jetta have a very wonderful life together, filled with road trips and easy commutes :)
Starting to get into this art shit that everyone's had their collective taint in a bind over for the past few years.
The New htc phone for tmobile looks very nice
The weather never disappoints out here in Tigard.
The answer is jobs and a city that doesn't try to be a suburb.
Where on the Website? I cannot find anything like this when signed into my acct. Is it outside? If so, link please. Thx!!!
Have fun in Indy ya bum.
Standing in line @ Sam's Club, returning my Garmin Nuvi GPS. MY palm Pre has a turn by turn GPS
ha ha. Me too! That was a good game...
HI Lauren! How are you? I just need to know your dog's name for the dog tag which you are picking up on Saturday. Thanks!
At the Eastern Shore....it's practically tropical storm conditions out here!
Congrats to the CBS This Morning crew. May the wind be in your sails .
My excitement over discovering Netflix makes me feel like that middle-aged couple that got their first computer in 2007 #omgyoutubes!
Thanks for the RT!
Here it is, people. The award for
As far to the right, the right has moved, is being in the middle really something to proud of?
If you all about being the bet then show that you can be the best, don't just say it. SMDH
Get ready folks! Q&A on Branding Yourself Online featuring is about to begin!
that would be rad! We are recording a new album now, but when we start up again we will hit you up for sure!keep in touch :)
10 SECONDS TO WIN $5,000 - Entrepreneurship 101 selected as Finalist in Ashoka campaign - vote for E101 at www.changemakers.com/Revelation
Damn crazy how that cop tried me.
Lollipops turn into cigarettes..
Haha so funny
I did!
I wonder if a boy ever looks at me and thinks "wow, she's beautiful".<3
Sure, but I don't think anybody is fretting about the future of Harvard or MIT or the rest of their ilk.
LOVE that your #stronger single is doing so well!!! Wish you would have #strongertour2012 came to Chicago! Still love Ya lol
Looking at those SEC East schedules | Get The Picture
If you have an iPhone (or know someone who does), our ShoeBox app lets you quickly scan and share collections of old photos!
ain't tat the truth, LOL. Felt the same way on Sparkle waking up at3:00 am then putting in 16 - 18 hrs. Lyf of a MU artist
Who's going to be crowned the next ? Place your bets!
i miss you. can you go tonight? :)
Last day of work before my little brother ties the knot! I get a 4-day weekend, 4 parties, 2 shows, 2 new dresses and a sister.
R. Kelly comming to Boston! Count me in and front row.
It occurs to me a goodly amount of death metal is lyrically indistinguishable from emo.
RT : Win 's $2K Kids Choice Gift Bag! Just add and RT to win!
ADD OUR MYSPACE! myspace.com/pyroproductionstx
Hopefully this dance doesn't end up looking horrible tonight!!!
'no matter how hard other try to fix themselves just to look good,if they carry out fake personality they are still UGLY..goodevening!.
haha yep! It was great. Looking forward to next Saturday! Lets chat this week
's themes DO rule. Been using them since my first blog. :)
Election Day in France! Bon Courage!
Tell the managers, Library Director, anyone who will listen. NO JOKE. Please!
Aw! Yeah, I got kind of burnt out with work and needed a break for a bit. But I'm back and stuff's happening! :-D
#tech in #earlyed session room w221d/e happening now!!!! Awesome stuff
confession: I can't not use a semicolon if I think it does the job better than a comma.
ever heard of Blackberry smoke? Just saw them in Chicago they said they were heading down by u.
“: Never thought I'd be blast'n Beiber but feel'n his song "if I was ur boyfriend" #dontjudge” glad you decided to join
"My uncle started linkedin"
he was so young...
Acting like you cant call me and VENT though.. Ain't shit changed.. You got the number hit me if you need to..
let up see it please? :D
“ It is true <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>when you are meant for each other the love between the both of you will never ever fade <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>”
Very good thanks! I followed (^_^)
right, but just CNs for speech? maybe, but you'd want to understand how things such hemianopsia occur
Hi Sara! Exports can sometimes take a few minutes to process if there are lots in the queue. They should all be done now.
Sounds good.
Onsite and Remote IT services for Small Businesses. We also provide residential services.
She can't message me back but she can tweet
ok now I HAVE TO GO TO BED! GOODNITE!
Great story by my honey! wrote a new blog post. The big race is coming fast. What do you stand to lose or gain? bit.ly/oGperj
There's something about grilling out that makes it all better :)
that is so true...
"Love is like a fart. If you have to force it, then it's probably shit."
This Song Will get You Geeked! Lbs
Huh i need to meet mindless behavior fucks that !
I am a HUGE fan of the text messages that people send me saying, "call me" or "check your email". </sarcasm>
yeah, the idea is just unique in viral marketing
Sugar Hollow Road (county 614) flooded by Moormans R. 1.5 miles from Piedmont Store, impassible for now
Missing the point of my statement...but OK.
Do you envision a sizable step backwards for the Ducks next year with Olu, Jacob, Joseph, Nared, and Sim all graduating?
RT Check out the Artists Intel interview conducted by www.MyLifeIsNY.com
Thanks lady! :)
I think my favorite performance from the #BTWBall was Scheiße. The choreography was OUTSTANDING!
Im with the Celtics now they've always been my second favorite team Rondos biggest fan <3 :)))
there's a bird in the school!
RT "managewp.com Interesting-looking platform for running lots of WordPress sites " Thot #wordpress did this natively now
haha, even your twitter avatar has taken on a west coast vibe. hope the launch is going well
through our ups and downs, i'll always be here for you girls. I love you two, never forget that :)
harlemlibrarian: #SLA2009 I need some help: How do you define analysis? Do you call yourself an analyst? What is your title?
Made it to the windy city
Does anybody else get 'followers' that unfollow you a day later when you dont follow back???
I'll call her & tell her.. By okay, I will try to have it by today, and of I don't then sorry .
Omg! Somebody retweeted that shy! Lmao!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You call her a whore, I Just call her the #gift that keeps on giving
. Can you give Reuben Pemberton from Vacant Property a bonus for customer service, and tell him not to burn himself out?
Breaking Now: We are sending crews to a fire near Highway M & Watts on the far West Side.
a nice saturday morning walk with
songwriter end recording artist in GH
Who do you miss right now?
Great pitch for Art Rover!
About to eat something, so I wont be starving until its time for my lunch break later.
Who's winning #Mayweather or #Cotto so far?
There you go. Circa very early '80's . Athens, GA. Rock. Rock Lobster. Rock and Roll. HIgh-fiving from afar.
#imsinglebecause Brian Boyle Hasn't Found Me Yet
You were in my lineup on my fantasy team in championship game. Oh well its just a game. Merry Christmas
Enjoy Sunday ...
Still in sweet home Chicago. Finishing up grad school in May, woot!
cool! Don't seem mad to me, but consider the source:)! Here's to in-sanity!!!
Reading a couple of ghost stories to kick off October..ah yes, and squeezing in some studying.
Well, how about that! I hope your BBQ was great!
I don't remember ever seeing anything like this before, wow
#ThatAwkwardMoment when even tho I have mlbtv, I get lazy at times and watch the cbssportsline game tracker smfh
Hi people's nothing to do at all
If your job is customer satisfaction , your real job title is Problem-Solver.
You're right. It isn't THAT rare. Just kinda rare.
what the hell is he doing ?
Agreed the issue is the offense. Though Berkman only has 2 RBI they miss his presence. However blown saves are blown saves.
Why do you think I'm such an insufferable old grump? A decade of using Linux on the desktop will ruin a man's demeanor.
The fact that I just misspelled Hume wrong haha Lln!
I am lifelong cinephile and highly value the opinions & insights of Youtube critics, particularly . Thanks for RT
that's a dance dare?
Seems to me that Woburn pedi is my second home
mixing Will Kennedy's' drums on my tune Lightning & Fireworks for "Simply One" cd, crazy intense playing! Wow!
Thanks for the retweet, Paul. I wish you much success in 2012!
I'm a 15 year old singer
if u follow me we can DM?
“All of us, in one way or another, were heading over ‘to make the world safe for democracy”
said, 'the Barack-ness Monster'! <deaded>
uh when i click on the G+ link, it says page not found... im not sayin...just saying.... fix your link! ;-)
Finding images on is like dessert for my eyes!
Sweet! RT . dad just bought 5 tickets to the heat vs bulls game!!!!!!!!!!!! 12 ROW
We can't hold a spot without a deposit. If it sells out, it sells out. Register ASAP!
pro-bigotry.....
Morning,going to the gym <3
what editing program do yu usee?
I worry whether God hears my prayers or not. I cry teardrops of my worries. I am careful and carefree...
Welcome to the fight, Cotto.
(part deux) but how many of those signers work in fields where Elsevier dominates the academic publishing market?
Lawrence and the Exterminator Co-workers
Yeah baby, yeah!
I do not understand your point..if 750K is chump change to a soliciting school then why not make it 5M as liquidated damages?
you're wearing jeans?
"Pray Big. God will grant big things if you Ask for them and are big enough to receive them" --Norman Vincent Peale
The epicenter of the 6.0 magnitude earthquake this morning was off the Pacific coast. ICDS students, profs, & staff are safe!
Resumes should be built on your accomplishments. If you have solid accomplishments, that is the most important thing.
19 hits. Lol. Can Cruz get the cycle??
Summer fun has begun! Are you enjoying your pool? Enjoy crystal clear waters with Aloha Pool Care. 760-798-7321
Hey there wishing you a wonderful sunday. take care
That's guud and its wonderful do yu still have the same number ill hit chu up one day
I love you.
Thanks! Halloween is my favorite holiday so I had no choice but to make a spooky song!!
I have u livin life like u should you can have it so good.....HAPPY WEIRD/WACKY WILD WENDSDAY lol have a good day ICONiacz =) *Kita
#BackInElementarySchool I always wanted to be the messenger
Happy New Year! Wishing you an exciting and safe 2012
No one gives an actual fuck about you anymore.
Must a scholar know how to program to "do" digital humanities?
RT : You all have the best freakin' chicken wings on the planet! I can't get enough!!!!!
Hanging with the kiddos at Dell Children's!
No worries, ladies! We'll have other #summerofdresses gatherings.
I love me some Panda Express.
Oh you don't like me? Sorry to hear :)
So my dad decides to buy himself a harmonica. Haha, ok then
I uploaded twice today guys... like a boss.
YOUR FUCKING COOL, bye. your the most pathetic thing ive ever seen.
But I'm scared! I'm no good at dating or waiting to be asked out.
Wow so many new followers!! Thanks for all your support guys!
and I just listen to some of your songs and I love what I'm hearing girl <U+263A>
very honored to see you following me. Love your material, learning to put in practice.
Finished one grant two days early and a second grant 36 hours early. This is a record of some sort, and made the all-nighter worth it.
ya casi me sale el paso siiiiiiiiiiii
: Twin peaks "Who killed Laura Palmer?"
Got to get a few art materials and groceries. Must remember twine, metal, altoids, and chocolate coated raisins. So want those raisins now.
I just kill all these girls w. Kindness :)
Missing by best friend and lil Sis !! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
awee I hope Nick Jonas gets better :)
They love to trick us with great weather during the week, then give us the craziness during the weekend
... Yep ... Happy Birthday Little Lady!
Thank you for following us!
What is Bynum thinking?!
when can you get u get on ur pc again??? ;(<33
I believe it's a wooden ship used to transport clean needles overseas. BUT, I may be way off considering that was a guess,lol
I'm stuck at five pages. Ugh
man im starving in this bitch!!! -__-
i will. She would love to hang out with me.
it seems that acadlibs haven't learned much...given that many are still trying to breathe life into those IRs...
Congrats to the men's hockey team. #NCAA Div 1 National Champions.
RT : URGENT NEED: Vehicle repair for a #CHD patient/family in Knoxville, TN! DM or email to help! [Pls RT]
(: Awe Anytime & Aye Girl Where You Live So I Can Tell Them
Twitter say, I'm unable to follow, cuz I followed too much people today! xD
Consumers who are ready to buy, and trusted contractors who are ready to work. Look for more information starting tomorrow!
Cards arrived! happy happy. Hey have a great Labor day weekend. & have a happy Labour Day wkend
yeah you should see it theres all these people stranded out on the streets cause they had to evacuate buildings.
any chance they don't sign hultzen? Or any of them in particular?
only she would say that lol
cool! will let you know when we're going to try and get together. do you have a specific time that you'd be available?
A pencil went through my foot right now. #ow <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
ouch! Ira Glass mentioned that there would be a reshowing on Tuesday, I believe
Reader Travelogue: Cultures, religions clash, blend in vibrant Holy Land - Memphis Commercial Appeal
Life requires thorough preparation -- veneer isn't worth anything
Santino and his Damn cobra. When is Cody Rhodes getting his push?
Lacking heat, they cracked themselves up for kindling. Holy fire smote the best of them; divine barbecue for the masses.
girls cry at night because they know there not as beautiful as you:)
": academics into comics/cartoons, believe in dissemination & public engagement? We want u: bit.ly/pAeopO #loveHE"
Oh Shoot! Ladies are starting to plan and you know what happens when we do that? A whole lot of awesomeness.
Cuomo: if legislators don't vote for new redistricting process it would be "political suicide."
Haha! I'm glad! I hope I won over the debate vote
redbull cupcakes sound better than some flavors I have seen in shops
thanks for a great conversation and all i want for h/c reform is the best solution for the ppl. I dont care whoes idea it is
Stop on by when you're in town. We'd love to see you!
Workout flow then my beautiful baby boy is coming over. Miss him!
I want sum Yogo Berry (:
might cost some $$ but PAC 10 a better fit for buffs. No panic they have been looking at a pac10 move for years
Psh #ArnoldClassic ! What about this classic? Joan Rivers. She's at Capital Theater tonight, #cbus .
kenz! this song has got to be my all time favorite of yours, it's absolutely amazing! xx
I walk into the library and the sky opens up with snow. Don't worry, this is just a
keep confusing "disease" & "desire"
Annoyed as fuck.
Yes, it has dual mono-track 3.1 inputs. I think phantom power will be enabled by its release.
Ok, it's #teacherappreciation week & still hasn't rescinded my pink slip even tho he's going 2save million$ w/furloughs Thx!
are u out of town again? Don't know tbh. Could be.
Happy Mother's Day from !
Orchard Lounge is coming to Baltimore 2nite Going to be a great night! U should come!
My dream last night was of shark terrorists and the race to foil their plot with Twitter and Facebook...Gotta stop watching TV before bed.
greeting from america
Played tonight for 1st time, LOVE it! RT : On the couch with Jionni playing draw something. ADDICTED.
thanks. Was there couple months ago. Legendary Belgian frites.
Holy Crap Colt just tweeted!!! He is still alive lol
More sleep needed! :(
It's Official! New Edition will be at the Tom Joyner Family Reunion! If you can't wait until then they'll be in Indy May 31st.Get your tix!
I think their splits are off
Making fun of are we?
Punk rock princess, gimme a ride, I'd rather break the law, with you by my side. In abandoned buildings, we'll marry our lights...
I'm in a bad mood. It could be that I'm about to get my period. Or it could be that I'm right, and everyone should just EAT SHIT AND DIE.
To penis post or not to penis post, that is the question
My dad is leaving for Oregon tomorrow & I'm leaving for DC thursday. I won't see him until sunday night. really sad.
I think he has a shot. His sluging percantage is way better than all today's candidates.
I am what I am. Love it or leave it! But if you love it, share it :)
RT : Dropping something #Fresh on Sat
you were great today. thanks!
Miami next week cant wait to gtf
Beginning to put together Babby's First Book Proposal.
ask him at lunch
I can't get over how awesomely bad Revenge is. I can only aspire to scowl half as effectively as Emily VanCamp.
OH at the shop: "What school do you teach at?" "I'm at one of the swine flu schools."
Have we learned anything in Iraq? Gaddafi is 1 man and Libyans must defend their wealth from the rebel gangs in Tripoli.
the vampire diaries next week is going to be so intense.
Sometimes I wonder if how I feel about Tori Amos is how Christians feel about Jesus.
Jealous man, why you there?
Also; usige beatha before dinner makes more sense when it's been raining for a couple of days.
my DM's aren't making it out for some reason. I'll try again soon
I just need to start leaving my driver's license in my car so I'll always have it when driving. Jeez.
how is it goin? Is it a tight score?
Good job heat just D-up and call it a night
Gearing up for this year's 48 Hour Film Project! Planning on taking the cake, but we'll be satisfied with the corner piece. More frosting.
the lightening is really close and it sounds like someone is throwing rice or like macaroni noodles at my window non-consistently
I can't stand Trent Dilfer
so how u been :)
Good luck w/ your move. Hire professionals. Two moves in less than a year for us. Practice patience and think of the outcomes.
honored by and Princeton review in back-to-back days...great way to start the school year!
I have a friend who says her dad hates Rick Santorum. I egged her house this morning and ran away. I hate her.
did you like the arrow I gave ya :D
Thank you, Alicia!
Yourface is such a mess,why don't you get your dog something different to chew on ?
New year, new Earth-Saver face :-) Coming soon! Be ready!
Lunch finally. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I Try To Stay Humble....But I'm Showin Off....
"This isn't an accident" Prosecutor says it was "intentional" behavior by
Heading to to spend the day!
Thank you for RT's and mentions!
now you just know i have to spend twenty minutes in the car to see if shows up to buy liquor with another girl!!
Excellent cuppa Rte 66 blend at Misha's in Old Town.
The problem is that many people simply just dont care to do the effort.
Nice. Rant away!!
DOWNLOAD STREET NEWZ DA EP ON ITUNES AN ALL DOWNLOAD SITES
Thank you mister Treece.
Way to go!
how I met your mother <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
you're too beautiful to be upset :/, what's wrong?
Looking forward to Avery's play tonight! Let's hope Tay behaves!
PLEASE LIKE OUR FRIENDS PAGE. THANK YOU! www.facebook.com/94westrestaurant
Just hit 50 likes. We're going places...
got some hot digits...
Despite everyone elses hatred for the band, I like nickleback!
I miss you kenn.
Thanks for re-following. Have a good night.
I know mija!! Im coming the 8th, when are you finished with finals??
Where da fuck did this storm come from?
Yessica left without making me food! )))):
LOVE YOU bitches!xx
poor old lady just took a spill on a stairway and broke her ankle...blood..sad
has a new website.. and even tweetin the deets! Please follow us!
it'll blow your mind
Inflatable Dolphins, salsa dancing, ham, multiple love boat themes, bells, lights and pre-schoolers.
thank you for my new prof photo
Who is ready for the Harvest Fest this weekend ! ?
Colin Powell speaking at #GradNationSummit. Very exciting!
Like no I don't want to sleep in the gettho of North Carolina jut drive and get me home
gotta imagine its still just as good. Only happened a few weeks ago!
Yeah, Tamar your singing was quite terrible!
I bet if Twitter was around when Sam Cassel was on the Rockets, he would have been abused as bad
Wish I could've joined!
Go #Caps !! On to the next!
Running with wolfs and I'm on the prowl...
How can I view your programming schedule? Awesome job on the 2010 student radio awards!
I've gotta shower, but ill tweet you after? :)
Wednesday night is team trivia night ! Starting at 8 with $2 miller lite drafts and 6rom 10-12 $3 32 ounce miller lite schooners
but, next time lol
No airplane reactions to share (we don't risk it) but support you in taking on Goliath all the way! So thankful for your efforts!
Cannot wait to get our "drank" on.
Lease coming due? Lease a new 2011 Camry $0 down, $219/mo plus tax. Call me for details at 248-519-9636.
Wtf is JB doing at the fight!!
Did Bloomberg evacuate the Mole People?
#WEST. Shout out to JB.
it's a date:)
The lip-smacking acidity of the Grenache grape is perfectly tamed by the soft-velvet tannins of the Syrah grape in this 06' Cotes du Rhone!
Forgot my keys and wallet today. It's like I don't exist.
#beauty “: Hair is getting lighter/brighter/whiter by the minute #readyingforsummer ”
Thitinun Toro Lawn Mowers for Home and Commercial Uses
Join me today pm Produce, 3139 University Ave, for North Park "urban arts" tour. Great way to support the arts. www.artproduce.org
It's nice to meet you :)
a bra this young little how much u gne charge me to master just 1 song and im trying to get it done b 4 feb9th gt a show!!!
I'm sleepy. Too lazy doe. >.<
dude what an example u are it was an awesome job the one that u did on AI., n more cuz' u love God
One day.... actually thats pretty affordable for SF! Whats wrong with it?!
will grab something on my way back. Eat at my desk
#WeirdFactAboutMe I so hate being alone!
ohh i cant wait for #believe .. #21DAYS so excited
“: the service this afternoon was incredible! My whole family &I I were moved. Felt like I was home there!”
Was that you onstage w/Caleb last Fri? If do, you were great. Shame about the mic issues.
People are so damn shallow smh
Rich, let me know what Split This Rock panels you're on, and who else are on them with you. Letras Latinas would like to know...
Real Madrid vs Barcelona is going to be #epic I hope real wins
Glad you liked it! Thanks much! Have a great weekend.
Thanx my brother, I hope all is well
alright, buy one get one free for you only
It's Saturday! You know what THAT means! (hint: WEEKEND!)
Bout to shoot myself
#Str8LykeDes... Shower then lokey until it's time to make some $$$$....
Jason should grow a beard.
RT Bought my mom a kindle fire.
If at #ascrsasoa2012 try to see 's social media roundtable at 5:30pm today. Dr. Wong really gets it.
It feels good not to be with someone and doing my own shit! :)
What in the hell is Chris Browns pants made out of? Are they leggings?
LoL RT : i kno u see my man Reggie Miller????
Officially going to the concert!!
enough tequila competitor
Good morning!
Of course! So glad to meet you too! Hope to see you again soon!
if I were a cartoon....
FAST googler, you go girl
to a non-liberal your last tweet sounds racist! 'ello 'ello Hello white America, assassinate my character!
Nothing says #Merry Christmas like your mother telling you look like the #Devil with your beard. Is it #timetoshave?
4 Ohio teams are in the sweet 16. 4 Big 10 teams are in the sweet 16. Midwest representing!!!
Thanks to all who made art, those who bought art, those who participated. I hope those you who have not been will be visit us soon.
great talent, I think he would have been beside himself over our black president!
Location with respect to nearby cities:24 km (15 miles) NNW (340 degrees) of
love you moree boo, thank you! <3
That 'Sideways Soul' record by Dub Narcotic/Blues Explosion isn't as good as I remember it. Banana Meltdown is pretty good, I guess.
If you have a popular blog, you prob don't have a problem recruiting Has anyone ever done a blog post for job openings?
It takes alot more balls to talk about your problems then to hide em.
I've recently been having a lot of dreams about airports. Not really liking it.
Gotta keep swimming
I Think Everyone Who Stil Live With There Parents Is Thinking That :D !
i mean its my birthday today and i want to talk to everyone
Yeah! That would be great!
what'd y'all do?
Quick Fact: The United States ranks 49th in global life expectancy but 1st in health care costs.
why cant i retweet this!??
At my fitting for ABC'S GCB
Horan the world?
yeah right lol you'd be like no *hangs up*
I need some new followers!
I hope no one forgot about
((Knock on Wood))... Tigers opening up a can on the Rangers today. ((Knock on Wood Again))..
I'm amazed we're getting so many comments right now. It's, like, time to be in bed!
why you name yaself twix that's my favoret candy???
is it me or has hit the 1,999,900 wall? his followers are going down faster than they are going up.
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 28 5:04 in 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
u need a man in your life :-)
it's too good but I would've used so good
Why do they lock gas station bathrooms? Are they afraid someone will clean them?
Star just arrived RT : the star journalist & programmer is to be at every venue to introduce every single film!
If roasting string cheese was an Olympic event I'd be Michael fuckn Phelps.
we did too! RT We had an AWESOME time at the #ZaarlyCrawl w/ + last night.
we'd have to be all together n the video?
Okay great then I'll just some how have to remember to ask you tomorrow during Art okay sexy? #SweetNightmares :) !*)
We have to agree… we are the best. Give us a shout.
no names, but atleast 5 will do so.
#season Virginia Dazzles this Holiday Season with 100 Miles of Lights
Justin always inspires me and puts a smile on my face,but what will be next? Maybe a follow:) <3 #BELIEVE I love you
Oh, look at you! M!
I love you you're absolutley amazing. I'm so proud of you. Even though you don't want to do something you do it to better you.
glad you enjoyed it
I will be SUCCESSFUL in my life but i cant say the same for you
compared to -- anyone have feedback on either or both?
Pssh I know you are!!!
yes definitely we agree about what type of meal your having determines the kind of wine :)
Margot & the Nuclear So and So's set felt a bit off tonight. Maybe it was just me? First time seeing them live. Hm.
"#Progressives, especially intellectuals, are the least likely 2 suspect that they are ignorant of the things they are intervening in..."
Of course technically my last final was over 5 years ago since 2nd semester senior year had no finals. That's longer than I was at UMD
None...I'm still trying to read. I'm about to say eff this paper and go to sleep!
Everyone go show some love! Can't wait to hear them play!
Time to wash this hair stuff out!!!7
agree with all of that.
it was a while back at Ghost Bar. He was surrounded so I hid in the corner. So many females were acting the fool :)
skype with my sister in a little bit (:
Lakers won 16 of the last 18 OT they've been in.
I fucking love putting my headphones in the wash. :)
I sware some of the things I ready on twitter from some of these so called lady's yells SLUT come on lady's you need followers that bad
My cousin WOULD have a blackhawks cake.
in lala land
Hello all, much love to all our AVR fans and let us know if you are interested in getting some t-shirts for you and your friends.
Yep. No more dsm.
Thanks for the follows
I wish I could mute U.
Needs to start playing "Drinks On Me" the new single by
office mates commiserating about how they are both so attractive, no one takes them seriously - how sad.
are you still giving feedback on tracks on the forum?
Alright. Story sent off to the Academy for fellowship thing. Hopeful!
do you have a bumper sticker? lmfao
Great man.....and you?
I love my Youth United Way People !!!
SHOUT OUT TO YOUR TOP 5 FAMILY AND CORPORATE TEAMS !!!
MLB500BLK that's word to my big brother
Love it! Already dreaming up the sequel.
didn't go to bed till like 3:30 am this morning.. lol
Damn she should be embarrassed
i love it. HEY i'm visiting NYC in Dec. Show me around your new hood.
Everyone follow and
Swat City in OKC.
Can it be 9 yet?
I'll lend you a copy. It's a great read. I actually lost 60lbs following it (and gained 35 after, but that's a different story)
Ari U Don't Need Photoshop Or Touch Ups. Ur Beautiful Without It! :)
I really do not appreciate when people leave a mess in my car
Want to purchase 's secret third flavor this Friday? Whisper "Black Horse" and you'll be in for a Kentucky treat!
Just Curious, Chuck, why is your picture green?
Happy birthday Mehdi
DA HOOD KNOW I GET IT N GO N FRIENDS TURN N2 FOES VIRGINS TURN N2 HOES HOOD NIGGAZ EXSPOSED CUZ DA HOOD IS ALL DA KNOW U A RAT R U JUST KOOL
Regarding a National Lampoon Vacation reboot, how about Jim Carrey or Steve Carell? Maybe Adam Sandler or Jimmy Fallon?
Are there tweets in heaven? #RIP Whitney
So true! My husband and I went out to get coffee & breakfast together this morning. Awesome start to our day :) TY!
My patience = 0
Hello East Coast!
Good morning! Anyone else missing some NCAA #marchmadness?
Is Rondo out??
stop hate n sis
I am sleepy as he'll,
Ahh spacer.gif.. Those were the days.
Doing the Harvard Baseball team "Call Me Maybe" dance while driving. Guys in truck next to me joined along. Ahh! Love it!
If you go to full sail you forget what that is
chair Patrick Eurek is listing several MOD successes in SA last year, including some great programs here.
a warm cup of hazelnut coffee, rain beating rhythmically on the roof, spontaneous kisses and hugs from rowdy 7 yr olds = perfection...
I wish there ws a website that would identify tht super loud sound jst now. Input time, place, genre of sound...(10pm, ParkSlope, Explosion)
I'm in a yellow waiting room. I feel like I'm in a banana gum ball.
TGIF & nice weather, what would you suggest to do?
happy spring Friday to you 2!!!
About to see #21jumpstreet. Also denied popcorn. I hope enjoys these American Reunion trailers.
RT : I carry with me / This full pocket of jewels / Made of words and love
change it to that!!!
CUM: Swallow or spit?
Show your ass!! Wow that would be a hell of a lucky officer!!!
ok, seriously, how many times do you have to delete your account before you stop getting emails/reminders from them?
Get ready to burn it down
HOW CAN YOU SEA?? Aquarium of the Bay is on board Diversity Platinum! More discounts for all.Have your Diversity Platinum card yet? Y not?
Damn. lol. You just on the go.
I uploaded my 438 pictures from my IPhone to my computer. And watched the last 2 years of my life in slideshow form.
Schedule a no-cost consultation with one of our payment experts. Call (972) 905-4447.
It is true! Thanks for pointing that one out.
round n round i go! hands touching my toes!
Dinner on Mother's Day where the total age of all persons combined at out table was probably 583 years. (8 people) Wunnerful.
This one's different.
Chaos contained
Yo im not even tired and its like 1 in da mornin usually i b tired is fuck at this time but guess ill do an all nighter ctfu txt me rdd lol
ATL BECAUSE IM WATCHING IT RIGHT NOW LOL WEIRD
Can't wait, I felt so spoiled at the preview dinner. See you tomorrow.
#LASelects coach Rick Kelly won his 18th State title on Sunday with his Bantam 97 team.
I swear your girl works for UPS cuz i saw her checking out my package!
#IfIwonthelotterytonight i would spend it on m&g's.
To be fair, a lot of those people were gathered in another room a few blocks away.
Come on #cowboys we need some magic for y'all to win now :/
must have hit the download limit
if you want (since we'll have Ender sleeping over, too) you can get there, and spend the night at our place (we have an extra
you have to be kidding me .. when I said I still wanted to talk he didn't want to . it's like we're practically strangers &
babylon deserve to burn.
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
Thanks for following me!! :)
So um, I will find out next week if I have a job....that's right, a real job.
The Fans
Yeahh can you drive?????
As a Buckeye and B1G fan, it pains me too.
Just found out there is a pizza competition, with acrobatic dough tossing - these people have serious skills!
I'm just so disappointed your a red sox fan. I'll feel bad when the Indians have their way with them.
#Chocolate "Will fool even the most discriminating connoisseur." Shape Magazine
WTF!!!! AH Worst fucking refs ever!
Them Denny's pancakes got me full & sleepy.
$5 credit at the 60ss store today. That's a free 60ss lite for Photoshop and Corel or $5 of an other shrift shop. Use PRESIDENT at check out
Cook a meal together.
Green Card » who can apply for green card
True football fans shouldn't have to be tortured with this auto tuned crap they call music
Please help me make my bff's dreams come true. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. Please, Please, Please.
We will be relaunching our complete New Cambridge Shakespeare series (NCS) this April - Are you ready for it? : D
..Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster & his tackling attitude on the field was well-known..Bobby Boyd All-Pro CB Colts fmr Ast Coach
well, I have to say, the new digs are fantastic and you deserve it! So how many tickets?
How david stern gone offer a bullshit deal and tell the players take it or leave it
Why is President Obama in the City? Doesn't he know there's a hockey game tonight?
lol or you can go listen to the song and see what she says lol
No one can seem to understand/explain why Shawn Marion shoots that way... Damn Dwight!!!111
how cute! Haven't seen any pics of Elle in a long time, bet she's getting big!
If i didn't like playing with Legos as a kid what the freak makes u think bi gonna pass a class where i get graded for playing with it
A little rehearsal then off to the studio
praying for you and Joseph and the girls
awesome!! :D
what about kitchen ants?
fair enough. i'm entirely sure there's lots of odd stuff in the library realm alone.
having a great time so far at #TCAF Librarians and Educators day is a good idea!
ny's board of Ed is pretty stupid so -.-
Cisco empowers employees with self-serve hub for social media
At the library the computer is slower than my ipod
“: Just landed in Atlanta! Who's ready?!” enjoy your stay. We may see you next week up at icon if u are still here.
oh boy, record shopping outside of Los Angeles is like going to a 50% off sale!
Neither can your sister! I swear I saw Christian Bale the other day. It was from a distance but no yinzer is THAT attractive.
I love you #USC you are the best
I don't know if the Megans made his acquaintance though either, Mitch.
u r too funny!
It's a family affair!!!!! and for the first time in a long time shined on my life!
No problem :D
Yep. Not that all these SSD solutions are not v interesting, but the speed improvements aren't quite on target for the meeting.
ya damn right I am I want people to follow me!!! My goal is 100 people to follow me!!!
Hi! Follow back?? <U+2665> Thank you <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
is Bounce available on directv?
Carvin Jones live tonight 9pm!! Just back from europe tour and Sturgis Happy hour 11am-7pm come get your drink on!!!!
Alright. (: ": I'm supposed to be getting one so when I do ill git you yo yo(:"
by we you mean mainly carl crawford, right? The only one 0 for 6 at the end of the night
is this a joke?
Just road my first slope snowboarding, and only ate it once!!!!
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
the clippers throwin up some bullshit we need to capitalize off that
#raw10 Alot of People voted Arnold Schwarzenegger as Gov cause of the Terminator movs, now they want him out. Wheres John Connors?
I could use a drink!
class has nothing to do with money or race my friend. You have it or you don't
#10thingsifindattractive guys with swag
I told you yesterday
I never though it would hurt this bad...
im a people pleaser.. hard for me to say no for real.
You're welcome, Zackary. With you, studying is always fun.
Work is going to suck this morning. Explain more this afternoon
it's impossible to find a book written by A.A. Kadochnikov in English, he loves Russia too much to share with us
Temptation is a mother.. How we lust for one another. We barely know each other, but were dancing like were lovers<3
Genuinely interesting folks worth a follow
Can't wait too all U lovelies Wed.
Praying 4 traveling mercies,that no weapon will prosper,rest&strength 4 &entire Sri Lanka Team
Check out www.firmsolutionsltd.com & learn how our services can increase productivity, efficiency & profitability.
I love bad comedy but this is borderline offensive. Just like that fense is china
Email I received: "Dear Professor, I'm sorry I missed class. I turned 21 and haven't recovered from all the drinking yet."
Late night convozzzz w/ Doesn't get better than that. People would think we were disturbed if they read these msgs. :D
Travvvvvvv :( you don't reply to me any more. I'm sad.
Good for you! Who did you donate to?
Fun weekend project with the kids: Create a family book, with information and pictures about each family member.
Watched Captain America yesterday on BluRay. Awesome movie. Cool how it ties in with Iron Man. If you like Iron Man, this is a must see.
Top down #AC is where is at
Gm tweeps $alute! A dream without grind will remain a dream until you give it some legs. Let's get it!
nice! I wonder if there is any place on the West Side that could shoot and edit something like that...
Snap, crackle, POP. Owch my back!! Good munday?
but it certainly raises new issues in terms of campaigning, how social media behaves in political discourse
RT : "I can't wait to see my friends' drunken blurry cell phone photo of the Supermoon!" -- Nobody
Justin! Play in my fantasy baseball legue this year. What's the email?
I'm up about to get ready 4 work...one problem...its Saturday! My ass doesn't have work today SMH!
MIx It Up Monday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. Happy hour drink specials and a tasty tapas menu await!!! One Up IS what's up.
whoa. that's a helluva lot #totebags :)
My baby is coming thru!
I missed my college graduation because I took off to LA, and now I am fake-graduating on-set. Funny how things come full circle like that.
I hate pretending to listen while other people talk. Just let me talk already! I wanna talk about what you're talking about, but better.
kewl do u have a Facebook
Or, he'll get to see and listen to it live while watching the tube.
Not if she gets there 1st :P Shes a playa
Watching & You seem so subdued EW
Up for treats? Try tweets at 2:30. Booth 1639
Terrified the Vikings stadium bill is going to die a horrible political death and damn the Vikes to L.A! C'mon Minnesota. Get it together.
Eric Friday night stuck in an elevator with
Deep marine layer means lingering beach clouds pretty much all day; all week but better by Sunday. 60s near the water, in the water too.
Hey, #Austin hotels: Wanna be the official/exclusive hotel of this year's 3rd annual #BBQ sauce festival? Let us know!
Someone come visit me at Taco Bell :)
Looke forward to seeing you there
So you heard all of the military flights in #miami too?
Hey Sandy! How are you? Saw the Born Genius post and wondered, "so, what the heck happens!" Have a great weekend.
wasnt like our first or second conversation we had.
BOOT CAMP THIS SATURDAY!!!! 7:40 AM!!!! BE THERE!!!!!
have a great week.
Texan outfits seem so boring after spending a week in New York. A sea of khakis & solid colors. Granted, I am at the DallasFW airport.
The artist must train not only his eye but also his soul. - Wassily Kandinsky
Thanks for Following us ! “New Follower Coupon” (FEI042011avc) and get 10% off most of our products, call in only, one time use.
doing well and you?
Says Pandora enthusiastically: "This day of limited commercial interruptions is brought to you by the radically new Lexus..." #thankful?
Post titles are important headlines. You need a hook for Twitter posts. The panel went over tantalizing titles with impact.
Hey you look sexy i'n the pic with pretty eyes
Well, at the rate I'm going, this could be me...so, "no comment".
Be of good cheer. The God that took you into the storm will bring you out of the storm. In due season! So faint not! Happy Friday fam! P.G.
Out of the dark, comes very good news. RT : Dr. Yealy, Chief, Emergency Medicine Dept: All patients are expected to survive.
Been watching documentaries all day long
uh oh is taking out her retainers so she can sing to mamma Mia, it's about to serious over here haha.
I could lay in bed ALL day.
Cheaper parking since everything else is more expensive.
"This love is difficult, but it's real. Don't be afraid, we'll make it out of this mess. It's a LOVE STORY, baby, just say YES."
this is the last time i go two months without working out, one day of Cheerleading and i'm super sore ...
What interests me is how this never got much "manga journalism" coverage.
Killer Joe Trailer
Wow, Pulp was at the Warfield last week. How the Hell did I miss this? I'm very disappointed in myself right now.
- Easy. Cargo shorts for Black turtleneck for #JUSTKIDDING!
"Rodger Goodell is better suited as a girl scout troop leader than NFL commissioner" RT How dare you not buy his Thin Mints
Adventure is out there
Can't talk to you right now...
Les get the word out there friends :) Time to party!! ;)
Excellent talk by Dr Kay Jamison about "Mood Disorders and Creativity"
i suggest the Anchor Bar. Much tastier than Buffalo dick....
Eating cheerios with Jenna nicol. we party hard
Yo! Let's meet up while we're down here. What's your sched. looking like? I'd love to hear how things are going
Wish I was in Chicago ballin with Derrick Rose
well duh it would be rude if I didn't.
If I had an extra ticket I would <3
Let's go DT! God bless you all on the broncos team.remember you can do all things in Christ. Stay sharp and focused.GBY
Lincoln unveiled on 7/22 at the New York Auto Show, the 2011 MKZ Hybrid
Now up Nick Baer working to prove early German cinema as "Zionist Allegory." OK the Golem I get, but Nosferatu?
Big things poppin
don't think that your crossposting between FB & twtr won't go un-noticed.....
Dat a boy Harrison
SHOUT OUT AND FOLLOW BACKK??
Tomorrow is national drug test day!
It's a small thing, but if Netflix is recommending Miss Marple to me in its "Top 10 for Paul" slider, I must be doing something right.
That was nice.
Congrats to , , & on the R&D grant that will buy them (I kid you not) an aerial drone.
Packing for a Fab Girls weekend in #Chicago. Aquarium, Art Institute, Alhambra Palace for #bellydancing oh my!
Sandy Leon injured on collision at the plate, being helped off the field, looks like his knee
Discounts on amazing products just for being apart of Idaho! www.dell.com/idaho
Good luck 2 all #NFL fans let's hope your teams r good 2 U! Either way you'll find all your rookies in NFL products!
“A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her”-David Brinkley
thoughts on where carlton mitchell fits into receiver depth chart when healthy?
I was going to write a blog post for this morning, but I think I'll do my Wednesday post late at night, much later. A to Z wiped me out.
#vsa2011 Non-Visitors: Using video ethnography to study new users at your museum
Dreams; fucking with my feelings since 1989.
Trust is like an eraser. It gets smaller with every mistake you make.
-- My locker is cleared out. No markers to steal from anymore. Haven't quit yet. Yet. Just the uniform company change.
Thank you so much. More than a few tears were shed in the making of this year's Easter story. That's for sure.
Beautiful morning in #MKE! Coffee on the deck, in hand.
Settling in for my last day at Rainforest Cafe!!!
Happy Holidays everyone! Here is to a happy, healthy and prosperous new year!
Hopefully that will be fixed by the time I return at the end of May.
What should the Honey Wilders do on their vacations?
I do not fear death
haha yea I did!
ME TOO!!! Coming back there now (after coffee lol)!! : )
Looks like will be signing at the Steelers Fan Fest on Saturday
To be honest, i've had suicidal thoughts.
Bling Johnson Show! Season 2 Premier on KBVO TV at 9:30. Watch Party @ Uncle Billy's on Barton Springs! Come hang @ 8:30 PM #LetsGetFamous!
Top 10! makes #6! Freakin field hockey score ranked higher! C'mon man! Get it right
I can't explain how awesome Stanza was as an ereader app and how much I miss it.
YOU KISSED MY HAND AT THE CONCERT! #BigTimeChicago <333
Pandora appearently knows I like Within The Ruins and Misery Signals.
Greatly enjoyed Houdini exhibit. Kudos to them for including a contemporary installation w/live pigeons!
I need to start today over...
Canada is looking better by the minute. I like wearing jackets anyway.
least I got One.
Immunotherapy is one of the safest, most effective long-term treatments for allergy. Ask your Vet
needed a ride there but I got one thanks
One advantage of working from home is that I can keep up on the laundry. Yes, I do the laundry.
Interesting Q. RT : Harvard and Yale are only to ARLs with under 30% going to e-content. Why?
Dog walked, dishes. Errythin did!
that might be a little more excitement than I could handle pre-coffee
or Nic from is stalking me..... RT : It measures sleep too? Whoa!
I love a woman that can get on her knees and ... you know, pray
Thanks to all who came out last night! Enjoyed speaking with such passionate planners & many more
Revamping the MTV Movie Awards: Is the network growing up?
jeez what is it going to take for them not to be so afraid + take it out on everyone else..not dismissing history
it's 3 am i have work at 7 oops
Aww! The initial connection was virtual, the friendship is real! ((((HUGS))) how are you?
That was my 666th tweet...
We did that once, then we never left....be careful.
Guys are for sure bigger babies #cry <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Working late hrs like I do leads me to naturally feel lonely. wish I can win this mega million on tuseday to end this. Mr. Lonely s.o.s lol
“: Can we start a petition to bring back the Shuttle program?” -> yes please!!!
you and I are gunna be the ones so hold on, we're headed for a better life
I just want everything to be perfect again. We used to be what everyone wanted to be. Now we're what everyone is.
This is not Roadrunner Food Banks Twitter. I don't think they have one. Have a wonderful day!
": When your best friend blackmails you with embarrassing pictures <" ....... our lives would be over
Love the coverage guys. The best
I am now booking Summer Festival dates all around Michigan and surrounding states, holla at me if know some great ones to hit up :) xo
YAY!!! you got a twitter now i can't beleave it!!!!
Sure! Let us know if you all need any animations or infographics designed.
“: A #Cancer is intelligent sensing others feelings and nursing.”
?. Too many hard questions.
This week is a little crazy. Can you do next Monday morning?
Huge double play! Go tribe
I'm not a fan of Steve Blake aka "The Slack Jawed Yokel"...never will be.
I’m sorry, but even though bacon is tasty, I’d never order a “bacon milk shake.” Crazy. People are bizarre.
they're not :-/
What time does the accounting test start tomorrow?
she used that shit monday night.
Thanks for the RT. Hope you enjoy this month's ravings. :)
Ugh my eyes hurt from the sun and softball today. Ok maybe a tad bit of dirt from sliding into home plate. Yes, I said home plate!
Willow Smith - Official Behind The Scenes of _amp;quot;Whip My Hair_amp;...: via watch it over and over and over and over agai
USDA RFPs beginning to mention #research #data #management #plans. Mandate coming?
no im just using my brothers :)
I'll go for a picture next time ;)
U dont follow me..... “ Follow Bakk”
You've lived in Wisconsin how long? “: It's practically snowing! Has everyone commented on this fact already! What the crap!”
If you're at #adtech stop by booth 1937 and so hi.
that's funny, I through my daughter's monster hair balls AWAY and now we do twists...ah
What a beautiful Monday! How was everybody's day?!?!
not at all brother. You were there to witness it al
Anyone wanna go to Nashville with me this summer for the CMA Music Festival?
caught up on #MadMen... so Betty Draper is not perfect! Wow. Episode directed by Jon Hamm. Well done!
then come back to Miami for awhile and visit...
hey hot tamale - I am going to miss the Montreal game - girls weekend away!
oh no! there was a reaallllyy bad storm earlier here in Austin. I thought I was gonna die! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
WAIT .. You're telling me AGAIN that people LIE on the INTERNET?!
Was just thinking that RT I can't remember another election-night speech where Romney pitched for donations
OMG!!!!!!! Elena is a vampire?!?! what the heck?!?! and omg the whole "if i meet you first" and she did meet him first!!!
Oh, Like math?!? History?!?
"Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions." - Albert Einstein
That said, Jane Lynch as Mr. Schu is worth the price of admission.
Ugh if that kid from sociology wakes me up again to ask me about the report at 7am...imma go HAM.
I am including Rollins band to the #brogramming playlist
finally listened to this and was pleased to know that my husband's slash fiction has traumatized you. You did ask for it :)
#answer yea man hip hop till we die hommie!
Sat Apr 16 10 AM Bunny Breakfast, McDonald's & Puppet show, pix with the Nestle Bunny & egg hunt. Sponsored by Lampco Credit Union TIX $6
lmfao O.O you did! ?
thank you sis!! I appreciate you for praying and encouraging me!! God is good :) He made this happen yay
Kintra, Gaelic Storm and the Elders. Not a bad way to spend a summer evening in Milwaukee at Irish Fest.
nice. Congrats. Hope to attend next year's
u free before 3?
#Caps playing tough again.
More money more problems. I'm cool with living comfortable. I don't need people following me around judging my every move.
sit behind them & when the baby cries kick the back of the seat, when they turn around u can say "sorry my wife acts like a baby"
Just a statement. Blow them away at camp. We need a speed guy to stretch the field! (You)
Summertime-y Madison, please don't leave! OK? Good.
oh fun!!! I'm going to do that in September!!! Now I'm just doing... doing "something" every day!!!
he is not "tripping" lol
I'm just glad to get out of the van! Although, I have another long car trip in February when I leave for Utah :)
Exhausted from the past week...but can't sleep. I'm still in focused/stressed out mode. Poop.
TONY ROBBINS got SKILLS and MITT ROMNEY DON'T. MITT gets LIT and burned to a crisp. Lay off the LIES MITT. YOUR WORDS have CAUGHT YOU UP.
Savings Tip -Add 1 cup of ammonia to your laundry wash cycle and it helps clean stained clothes, or heavily soiled
I need to pee!! & it's soo quiet..
Its better to waste money than time. You can always get more money. -Hal Sparks
that legit made by night. <3 #YES <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm x bitch, triple x rated you make me so fucking happy haha
Foster youth must enroll in college prior to 22nd bday in order to access max fed aid.
great to have you back in top tier form, filling up the stat sheet & tearing it up. Hope the heel is feeling better!
yeah. but im gonna convince Jordan to come
With all due respect. Apparently if you listened to rap music in the 90's you are stereotyped.
Goodnight! Sweet dreams my lovely followers
I'll never understand why Southerners continue to vote for politicians who don't have their best interests in mind.
How Much Are You Saving Monthly For Your Retirement? How Much Do You Think Is Enough?
Here's hoping for the return of the 'Facers in Season 7!
LOL! Not sure how I missed this. I know Alton & Mr. Fizgig, and I say Yes!
So much for 2 minutes
fiendish of them;I know it's a Plot
Hard hitting golf analysis from : "Phil Mickelson always plays better when his hair is long."
We don't always get what we want in life. Maybe that's a good thing. Some things R just not as good 4 us as we thought! Thank God 4 wisdom!
Thanks for the follow! Have an awesome week
- so accurate. I have my best thoughts in the shower.
youre gonna have pick it out..
When will we be able to genetically grow a thumbpick and fingerpicks right out of our bodies? Then maybe I could get the hang of it
It's always something
that fucking movie trash! garbage water
I'm stuck at rail crossing bc the longest train ever! It's been awhile. Reminds me of my childhood - grew up next to tracks.
Congrats to for his and his wife's new baby daughter!
All someone like me wants is a friend. I'm tired of being used. All I need is a true friend any takers?
Giving props where they are due, Devin Hays (MixHouse Intern) wrote a great musical piece to be used in a video we are producing.
yup I was. I am recovering from cold and fever. Hugs for you!
Gotta love hypocrisy...
United States- need females for adult video work. Travel will be paid. Nudity involved. Pay is 1000 dollars per day
i cant deal with the overpowering sense of fierce and how grouchy i am. this is terrible.
If you couldn't get your Shredded Beef or Carne Adovada fix this week...TONIGHT IS YOUR NIGHT! Open tonight from 4-8:30pm!!!
Nigga I'm superior. If I was white I'd be an Aryan. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>
have some fun! you've earned it!
the one on pitt's campus at the Pete
We hope you come back too! :)
that's a nice area. Not to far from us. We are in Bullitt Co and have ours up for sale.
Im in one of those, "Can I hit in the mornin, the sun rising while your moanin". Moods
Worse thing bout losin contacts u don't kno who to ignore smh
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. ~Anthony J. D'Angelo,
Bring 10 books any gate this Wednesday or Sunday and get a free ticket to the match!
Omg, followed me back... Drinks after work, Roger (or during...)?
See my bro off to prom earlier maybe me feel older
RT : Check us out on Facebook!!!!
Waiting a half hour to try and upgrade my current fancy phone to an even fancier phone...they're playing "Comfortably Numb"...irony?
I work in the Sun Times building, sorry I missed you...good luck at PB Finished great meeting w/the SunTimes head of development
With my girl(:
Once my phone hits 45 it goes off
I've witnessed it take over the lives of people I truly care about most.. Shit's saddening
Hm what to do
The Lakers are starting to look like the same team that got blasted by Dallas last year in the playoffs
"why don you quit school and just play hockey?" this is why marky is perf <U+2764>
So GOP protests recall elections by forcing more recall elections (primaries)?
Sharks and Blackhawks are both playing very physical hockey, overtime continues.
that was no where near close
New artwork is being put together. We can't wait to see the finished product!!
I wanna go to a citizen cope concert.
I am going to be killed. Someone just kill me now fml.
you should, if you can. One of the best books I have read so far this year.
Loving these #bobcats Let's Go
New day. Thieves DO lose in the end. Remain calm, victory is closin' in girl...keep building.
May God bless all who enter here. May you go out with joy and be led forth with peace.
Angela wouldn't let and I fangirl for janes addiction!
respected and that was understood. But doesn't need any more pushing of his negativity. IMO
Goes to the saying "if u don't have nothing nice to say, don't say anything at all"!
We are the perfect solution for that! My house was broken into also, check us out!
Random hit ups bring joy to my heart they are amazingly beautiful
I pick my nose all the time, do you?
All my niggas pop pills.....
Get this flag trash off bascom
LOL I know ....crazy
Justin Bieber has gone through puberty.
Ah I feel so refreshed now. Lol.
today has just been the best.
Who makes computer/twitter/ Facebook viruses and why? It's not like they benefit from them spreading #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
absolutely! Live on radio & online, 6pm on TV. live tweeting. We've got it covered.
putting the final touches on my costume!
Loved seeing you and tonight. MUAH!
Tyson Chandler tips off against his old squad tonight. Are you going to watch?
#Corzine news has me wondering if he'll be prosecuted, convicted & sentenced or will it be a case of
We posted the coupon last night. So please go to profile to find it :D Or visit our website. Have a nice day everyone;D
San Diego Wine & Roses Charity Wine Tasting & Sale at June 10. Many award winning wines will be there! Will you?
Culture trumps strategy
Wow that's an inspiring story. 3 workouts a day for 3months. Nfl contract? Shoot.
now I'm callin that bluff, big plans are coming undone, that's just typical you're so cynical, you couldn't have me
Somedays i wish it would just rain...
you're really pretty<U+2764> (:
Thanks for the RT how are you today?
You sign up for it.
One caucus, one primary, 1000 debates done. When was the last time any of these candidates mentioned GW Bush? Anyone?
#091393 -if you're still doing them
I LOVE UR NEW ICON!;D
Some electronics are afraid of Flash floods, heavy rain, sleet, fire hoses, super soakers, water balloons, hurricanes and waterfalls -
I have never sent a text. My parents have probably sent dozens each. #WhyDoesSomethingSeemOddAboutThis?
dianne is my bitch for today.. thanks girl
#clarity video. Beautiful
Your spirit is kind of grumpy even if it is coated in chocolate.
hey. You went to NYC, so we're even.
Willing to bet you're in the 50% Who do not pay fed taxes(get it back). Not dead beats but people who don't make enough
For the wkday miles I stick to familiar rtes. does a great job of comin up with new routes for those long days.
Michael Vick is going to the Philadelphia Eagles. 2 year contract.
*brows furrowing* And just what 'place' is this, Ms. Day?
It is bittersweet when you wake from a happy dream only to realize it can not possibly come true...it actually feels more like a nightmare.
awww I miss my abigail! :( and I miss your snoring more!!
My mom is a dead ringer for Sally Field! c is sitting here quoting the entire movie.
Market is open tomorrow from 8 to 11:30. Lee Saberson, master pumpkin carver, will teach you how to create pumpkin art beginning at 9.
": haha ur the darkest guy i kno but the whitest at the same time lol" f u lol i lived in nebraska at the time
Never let the little head do the thinking for the big one. Just ask Tiger what the consequences are.....
Always bet 40% of your stack preflop regardless of a action and show everyone JJ after it folds around for affirmation
That's a WRAP!!!
The only person I enjoy hugging is my husband... even my kids make me feel claustrophobic.
oh thanks! Yeah it's a '64 Slingerland. I've had it forever. Thanks for listening!
Shoot us your pics, Videos, and meet up spots during #mmw and #umf with a simple @ Visionnightclub!
I am actually eating hummus at this very moment.
Very nice of you to share your Februar profits! Thank you!
Supp how u been
smell damn good you mean!
yes I had a pretty good thanksgiving..probably gained a few pounds lol wbu?
I'm not sure..
Thanks so much Matt. Much appreciated.
#FF because I am trying my best to network our project in creative, funny ways! I may make u smile! Enjoy!
im so tired of being nice. that shxt seem like its not paying off.
At the end of the day,its all about love. Treat others well, rise above petty differences
#3WordsForYou You're my world.
"Exempt bars" sounds so much nicer than "It's OK to kill bartenders and waitresses."
address national arboretum
com is a veritable repository of the best jobs in the world
...damn what a bad one. Maybe jake?
Whats ur take: like them or not?
work is just wearing me out
Counting down until the #SheenRoast tonight. I wonder if he gets that he's not IN on the joke, but the butt of them! I can't wait...
haha, enjoy them while you can!
Why do you think its beneficial to advertise in a Calendar ?
Coffeetime# Here's to a kick ass week!
When everything gets tough you get tougher
So...is instagram the new thing these young folk are into these days?
I caught myself saying, "and don't judge me here" a little too often this month. After a moment of lucid introspection, I do some weird crap
So stressed out. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
a tweet with #TreatItFwd & we’ll send 50¢ them to help kids in foster care find permanent loving homes."
Whatchu normally drink
Thanks for the opportunity to interview on your radio show last night. Keep up the great work!
Thank you(: <3
Words to live by RT : When you are always intending to be of service, you will never run out of ideas, or content.
everybody gets scared when I front flip
Pwahahaaaaa! >RT : No. That side effect would be what Grandma Martha called... the scoots.
It's amazing how could a person change millions of people .
aww, perhaps posters are futile :P Hope to see you there! Glad my online efforts are working :]
It is a longshot, but Rex Ryan loves to pound the ball and the Jets are desperate enough to give up a lot.
Follow me if you think One Direction needs to make another album.
So tried of some ppl
Sup wit it man, getting ready to shoot you some trax to your dude BIG D, let us know what you think..Thanx man.. Orphanz™
would love to hear some Mini T demos! Pretty please????
Everything is groovy.
I'd still trade you your #Clemens trial for an Ambien intox assault and two San Antonio murders of your choosing.
Trying to decide whether to submit about my adventures with REST and PHP to the PHP Community Conference
#RusherBestNightEver! won yes they deserved n it happen ha congrats guys love ya !
you're welcome I love you too!
yea they looked bad but Bilbao forreal.. I like watching them play and Munain is sick..
So, After work I just reflect on the good things around me....LIFE!
lmao ikr !!! Its almost ova doe
AI.org says #eggallergy sufferers can get the flu shot in 2 parts: 10% of dosage, wait 30 mins, remainder is given if no symptoms present
ha! : It seems impossible that Giuliana is standing without support. Is there a pole up the back of her dress?
Do I want Patrick Kane to get traded? No. Do I want him to make better life choices? Yes. A million times yes.
you're a great athlete and truly a great person
Awwee thank you ! Put a smile on my face :)
Waiting for to show up....
There are some beautiful women walking around this Atlanta airport.
Wanna start on my sleeves. But don't wanna pay an ASSLOAD.
You're in my family circle. Just so you know.
He's a HUGE choker. That's Y he won't get the last shot whereas Kobe gets dbl-teamed cuz they KNOW
I miss the 90's--do you?
Hey everyone! Help us gain more followers so we can follow more of you, we hit our following limit!!!
sounds like a nice Balanced life!
Sometimes I question the direction of my life... like when I get 'personalized' emails from careerbuilder re: U-Haul is Interested in YOU
The best text ever...from my two year old niece!! "Hbszdxjnhbdxhhbdvgfhjdxbnhbfhbfhrycbfhhhrfycbhrfycbhrfycbrfyhcbrhfycbrfyhhrbfcy"
Those small bumps around a womans' nipples is Braille for suck here
What is your favorite Chant/Song?
ask Steve he's the ninja that's been following you for the past few years
I KNOW IT. Anyways whaddup I miss ya bro
Thank you kindly for the RT's!
2 MA managed-care plans are tiering ophthalmologist reimbursement based on MD utilization. More testing, surgery than peers = less money.
Tyler and Caroline
the only problem with mass transit is the masses.
"I have an expectant father and gunshot victim. Which way?"
I always follow back :D
I've been at work. Reason for the delay. Still with friends? Lot of fun things to do there?
RT RT : #WeWontWork if all you listen to is house music
RT : Help Keep the #NMF Free: NMF and present the Fundraising/Promo Show Saturday at 9pm | $7
I am obsessed with that film. I watched it twice on Tuesday...don't judge me.
lol that would be awesome. There's gotta be an app for that haha
I hope the first thing Anthony Davis does when he gets his NBA $$ is wax that #unibrow!
i know you need me in the next room over. but i am stuck here all paralyzed.
Sunday is to chill n relax.
This headache tho <
LA hipsters take the trains, while the rest of us sit in our precious cars going 15 mph in traffic.They're the smart ones :)
Contemporary Staffing is looking for a Customer Service Trainer and Supervisor. $30,000 - $32,000 annually.
Good night everyone! See you bright and early! Wonder what kind of great offers might be in store for you Tweeters on Tuesday? Stay tuned.
NBA updates EST 21 - WEST 29
Lost. Sundays' on ABC
A populace that can think critically would seem to provide greater long-term economic viability than one made of automatons.
Spring Break is quickly approaching...Today's the perfect day to get your prom dress!
I should send you some of my patients:)
Vintage skiing photos are dope
I get so damn trippy in my mind i go blank. You say no to drugs Juicy j cant. Aye bro thats forsure. Stop by before ber ...
Don't give up your rights for fair use in an electronic resources licensing agreement!
u must be very excited to go to italy ur so lucky and r u and sammi friends
aw,you look like a #Gentlemen I LOVE YOU AUSTIN!!!!
hey miranda you can speak really german ?
Pocket listing in Tiburon coming soon for rent in Marin : $6,500 4bd with a pool. Email Darcy to schedule your sneak preview!
judge in video had drawn connection, of what had happened in the south and what was happening now MT
Genius is not a quality, but only a quantitative difference in a combination of attributes contained in all persons.
Sleeping in has felt so good these past few mornings.
haha oh well.
I haven't felt like updating "P too busy.
Nothing like starting the week with a #SuperBowl food hangover
I will be one of the MCs at the UICA Urbanity show opening this Friday April 13th, at 7:30. The opening is from 6-9pm
I only know english sir!
#40dollars would be enough for a hoe in the depression.
I'll be happy one day...
didn't even know that sh*t is on right now. On it.
They don't call them "mock" drafts for nuthin, hermano.
Thanks, Mike!!! How are you???
umm look at u! *pinches ur bosom*
I hope everyone has a great christmas
Darren Thomas isn't ready for the NFL. That being said, Bryan Bennett must be pretty happy right now.
Weird, I made a very similar pork loin - Making a galric pepper pork loin with brown rice and lightly sautéd fresh green beans
Ok.. lesson learned. Even though two food trucks have awesome, fantastic food.. should not get things from both.
safe passage famo!
congrats newest cheesehead! From a diehard packer fan, congrats and good luck this season! GOPACKGO!!!
nice move
trying to make a point. lol
all u Guys Going To The Kenny Chesney Concert Have Fun U Lucky Dogs!
RT When I tweet doesn't mean its about u - my nigga u tweeted something like that - lol u know im C-Los Boozer right now LOL
Sorry We havent been talking =/ Ive been so busy.
Success seems to be largely a matter of hanging on after others have let go.
Yum, appetizing advertising!
Not at all. You should take her to one of Todds parties. So lame she will be dying to go anywhere and do anything after 10min.
Thanks For Sharing!
Its ironic that Republicans are celebrating the fact that Rahm may not be on the ballot, considering that he IS the Republican in the race.
what? Lol you went MIA.You got my number so there's no excuses! Lol
Must suck to be a Memphis fan.
People shouldn't have to fight to be with the person they love. Back off, government.
I was wondering if I could get a follow?
When is the best time to hit the blue ridge parkway for the fall leaves. I can never get it right :)!
Okay, I'll give you slack for the ??? since you're backing off the !!! And I'll try to venture out of Bud territory!
happy birthday to the funniest, sweetest drummer ever! i hope i get to meet you one day. i hope you have the best birthday ever!<3
haha nice. I wish I could be lazy all the time!!
Wake up, thank the highest power, then.......PUT UR RED ON!!!!
Reminder: Our Clairemont Town Council meeting is tonight at 7:00pm, in the Clairemont H.S. Cafeteria.
offering meal deal promo on March 5 against the #Clippers.$20- includes $18 ticket,hot dog,chips,& soda. Avg tix $31.50
#yobitv Balloon animals, unicycling, tap dancing...we have all sorts of unusual talent here at #yobitv :D
#Cisco completed integration of #Tandberg in record time by engaging employees thru use of collaboration
thanks! Thrilled you approve...ill try to continue meeting expectations...
5-10 inches of snow projected today...come in and get a few things to warm you up during the storm.
Every now and then, a guy comes along...and reminds me why I'd rather be single.
free for lunch today?
How profound! And so true, too! “: Procrastination is like masturbation...in the end you're just screwing yourself!”
yo dude stop flirting with blake!
Yes, poolside but need 2 go back for a proper meal soon! RT : Has ever tried inside the Mayfair??
CANT HELP MYSELF......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT IS THE SHIT!!!!!!
The 2011 Casa Silva Cool Coast Sauvignon Blanc has classic grapefruit & cut grass aromas + stellar acidity
Please visit me at my updated Web site Studio & Gallery: www.leagoldman.com Let me know what you think. Thanks, Lea
Me and just ate 2 burritos each from doba..
Chillin in this huge ass house wit my cuz gunna finish suckerpunch. Can't wait to go to cali! 2weeks:)
i tweet inconsistently: still straightedge
Help get taylorntyra on the screamtour! Tell all your followers to tweet n request them
Best subject line for a discussion thread ever? "Songs (non-Enya) with incomprehensible lyrics"
you would lol.
ok do last night. lil' wayne was singing all calm at the beggining,he started rapping all of a sudden he had to take his shirt of !!WTF! why
I really wanna see #Oomf tonight :) i would be the HAPPIEST girl in the whole wide world!..i hope things go as planned :)))))
No! I loved !
"As long as you can find yourself, you'll never starve." -The Hunger Games
The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. ~
The only way I'm having a baby is if it is the e-trade baby.
chicks dig my beard ;)
“In Mexico we have a word for sushi: Bait” - Jose Simon
My dad doesn't think that's true. She was his mom. I should ask my grandpa. He's still alive.
“: every time I hear fist pump music I think of you with your colors and pink squirrel socks! :D”< haha
but what
Live jazz tonight at Hemmingway's Bistro featuring The Rose Colella and Andy Brown Duo 6-9 hemmingwaysbistro.com
I committed to a private college in february
Baron is already making some stupid mistakes already and its costing us
its the Defense
Two things I hate: 1) how awkward I am 2) how small trains are. Ugh.
best april fools prank ever
Sick of the smell of lilies
what time you gonna come at?
RT : Check out A BIRD OF THE AIR on your VOD provider. is in it & she is great! A gem that needs to watched.
Hey, thanks for following me! :)
Tune into today from 4-5pm to see us brewing up a batch on Austin Live.
oh ok, and congrats on that I kno you happy :-) u kno I got a show Saturday night right
i been keeping my shit on the DL latley, cuz mufuckas stay in my bi bi business
My parents were in town for x-mas last weekend, and we did a $60 roast. Well worth it.
Halloween is around the corner. Plan an allergy-free party or partner with neighbors to offer allergy-free treats!
RT : Unorthodox creates space for orthodox. < creates space in general, yes? (expands universe of possible)
that's an absurd statement. Please take it back
Freakin Aye!!! 8) super glad my fav show is back
Arg! This is why I have trouble writing reviews again. I know too many people in this town!
I just saw a big spider omg it was so creepy and it reminded me of how you hate spiders too ):
My sister-in-law is in surgery right now - please pray for her and for her doctors and that it will all be successful. Thanks! We love her.
shut up punk
Damn notre lame! Damn them all!
Not feeling so great
Kiss me like you miss me and fuck me like you hate me and when you fuckin her do it like she ain't me.<3
Technology helps opens up Titanic's secrets (2:43) - Washington Post
#WhenAGuy Calls You Beautiful Even When Your Not Going Out <3
Ha. When do you run?
what really sucks...they have Castle and Smash on iTunes but no where does it list the new H50....bullcrap!
#ff just because he followed me ;)
When ur sister wants to make u lunch
Apparently they only think families with small children should benefit from museum attendance (2/2). Very disappointed.
If money is made of paper, doesn't that mean it grows on trees?
Everyday is another blessing! No matter how you feel today,get up and plant a seed so that your tree of success can grow.
orientation went great! first day is mothers day!
yessssum lol Im married and am on baby duty for the next few months all tho I heard some preggers was getn it in over there lol
Happy Easter!
Teachers who say they dont play favorites are fucking hilarious.
whodini is a hip hop icon look up freaks come out at night, friends and one love
profile in courage: obama, dems unwilling to stand up to hostile regimes, completely willing to steamroll American people on healthcare
you have to start early taking your children on trips. leaning about the world is as important as any school subject.
Would Jesus buy generic or name brand cold medicine?
Thanks #IDB #trade&integrationdivision for the prologue of my new #book about #Rulesoforigin #MERCOSUR #aladi available on 15 of June
:-) Have a great day! RT : Thanks for RT!
The media should devote a lot more time to discussing whether and why it is appropriate to put fundamental rights to a vote.
Tonight: The Ceiling Stares + Frizz + Bloated Sluts at The Shop 9:00 $5
Enjoyed the evening chat with all of you...
haha that would be great but we're also on a budget. i'd just be happy to see the canyons again.
Happy Friday, friends! Hope you enjoy this wonderful weekend!
Im not molly lol:P
they don't do it themselves?
nope. Nobody told me any specifics.
Da man will be the death of me yet !!! Thank you Todd (son) for helping me out <3
thanks for watching our show - the grannies!
Watching some NCIS between work and class. :)
very good news for #KY airports.
For 2010, unemployment benefits are all taxable. Last year there was a $2,400 exclusion.
RT : RT : You know you're at a quality conference when you need to clone yourself to be in 2 sessions at same time.
It'll be all good as long as they stay on their side of the border.
Follow me on twitter so I kno it's real
Wishing all the Mother's and father's taking care of their kids by themselves a...Happy Mother's Day!!
#Jets get 3 primetime games late, I thought this might happen. NFL hoping for
OMG!! I was scared that it was going 2 hit the school but now that everyone left all 3 tornadoes can go if they want :)
SALES MANAGER position #businesdevelopment in #Dallas #Texas #Hiring #Local #Food #Sales send #RESUME to
Austin Luke to try me on and look in the mirror then do impressions of people :)
Senate rejects freezing federal salaries. it was a close one. 47-51.
oddly enough that's what I dream about.
No No No it wasn't water running ... Bro this place IS HAUNTED !
a book about the history of AFSCME. So much important history & insights for organizing today.
That is the hottest tweet I have ever read.
happy valentines day to u to..!!!
:AH !! I TOLD YOU HE'LL FOLLOW YOU :D CONGRATS IM SO FREAKING HAPPY FOR YOU :D She's Amazing!
“: Im bored..... Who wants to talk to me??? :)) lol”i feel da same ways right nw wea erbody at
it'll be a bigger and better show than the one at ft plain
why you act crazy, not an act, maybe...
Had a great annual meeting last night. Thank you to all of the outgoing seniors who spent countless hours at the credit union
I've done the 64oz thing before & my body adjusted. But that first week!
6am, waiting for my flight. Can't wait to nap after 3 hours of sleep - but not looking forward to 10 hrs of coach :(
Go to bed! DANG!
Whoohoo the vikings are getting a shittier draft pick and still suck
R.I.P. Dick Clark 1929-2012
ok every1 plz follow it is my new account :) this 1 was hacked :(
Been listening to the new Van Halen Cd and it reminds me of old Van Halen and that's a good thing... I really like the bluesy "Stay Frosty"
Finally it's nice outside in Boston
Oscar flies out to end the Panthers 7th. ASU has a 7-2 lead heading to the bottom half of this inning. Stretch time!
Well, I had actually planned on going to class this morning until my mom made me pack the living room -_-
Yeah I know ..must be extreme Technical difficulties! ;)
I think you kinda look like Kathy Bates!
EC twins tonight
Irresistible critic quotation (on M. McClure) "the man unafraid of the personal totalities of his spiritmeat" (1965)
Go Denver RT This time last year Lakers were swept by Mavs. I went into an EMO state. Same will occur if Lakers lose tonight
And Dead Poet's Society isn't on Netflix because...?
2 More Shopping Days until XMAS & it is all on SALE. We're stocked w/ gifts for everyone. Dbl Punch Drink is Egg Nog or Gingerbread Latte!
Just liked on FB, great page! MT We wanna be liked by you, just you and nobody else but you...ow.ly/aC7j6
Back at work after a great break-visited the #MFA, saw #Sherlock, & successfully made a XMas ham. I plan to channel that productivity here!
For my own information, that comes out to 79.9GB of data. Should I just get the largest HD I can get?
Oops I mean Pippi!
#aurora borealis wondering if we'll get a light show tonight.
Yay new job and new phone case
Aha stayed up to late last night! On the phone but it was worth it it was an interesting conversation...
ing ok
Angles really took Weaver's No-hitter vs #Twins & ran with! Shutout by Jays for 2nd straight night. Pujols 0-4 .194 avg!
Happy New Year, Mike, from Eric and Seth!
Vegas this weekend? Call us now 877 551 6633 for last minute deals!
Ahh Peyton why you so cute?! RT : "I won, because I have all of you <21 #ShortyAwards"
Reception sponsored by Learning A-Z and Emantras begins at 4:30pm in Valley of the Sun Foyer.
I accept that challenge!!
i auditioned for the solo part today, & i got it ! :)
So , I'm feeling nerdy today lol . #MajorStudying !
So seemingly simple, yet never quite the same at home!
Rooms full of genealogy nerds are the new black.
ooohhh... i do love Cali, but the East Coast is pretty darn great as well---and they have much better (warmer) beaches!
I've had a few randoms do that to me here lately, I never knew what it was meant for anyway.
Fucked a bitch now im bout to fuck her crew now
It WAS scary. Thank goodness the guy from The Globe saw it happening & stopped. Glad he didn't say, "It's none of my business."
Turn your acting into something to watch. Recognize the moments, they are the lifeblood of drama.
#Knicks need to play exactly like they did in 2nd. Keep up Ball movement, no chucked 3s, stay physical, play transition d
Listening to "the power of voice". Strategic communications in getting the story or message out about a project, etc to the community.
Doctors, Nurses, Social Workers Charged In Historic Medicare Bust - and the GOP says gov't should stay out of healthcare?!?
GONA HEAD TO WORK...... GET THIS MONEY...... DUCES!
Today once was National Donkey Appreciation Day. But, apparently, donkey appreciation is waning.
i wonder if you ever knew you was a role model to me first.
When people tell me to email my work to them I feel smart. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D>
Looking forward to collaborating at the Innovation Expedition in Healthcare with you.
Pleasant people >>>>
Who ya'll had to fuck to get in that car?
Yeaahh Boii Denver is kicking ass!:D
Spain's unemployment rate is almost 25%. Shit; put's things in perspective.
Thanks! x
Huh? Where are u?
Nope actually only bad bitch I know is
It's #BeatTheClock tonight at Moe's! Tap #RollingRock is only $.50 from 8-9! The price increases $.25 every hour after that!
Is Harbor East Deli and Pizza any good?
OMO, the feels this just gave me.
His work. His change. His power. His word. His name exalted. His mission. His wholeness.
I Love My Sister More Than Anything In The World!
Obviously this dog is far more well off than I am - RT Even this guy has a pass to SXSW. What's your excuse?
#thoughtsduringschool these damn stairs killing me lol
you dont mean that!
Playing Ice Fest tomorrow in Columbus, come hang!
I hope you put out an album soon. I'll be sure to buy it! I've loved your song choices and talent.
a sesame street halloween party?
Tired of twiddahoes!
i vote for Artie, i love pete and pete. but i've never seen dr. who, so, i guess that makes me biased.
A man's got to believe in something. I believe I'll have another drink.
This bitch better hurry up with my food!! I'm starving
bet!!! Just me and u after practice.
Best comedy: Modern Family
We have a great inspirational story today to get us excited about the upcoming Pittsburgh marathon! Be sure to tune in @ 9.
I must say I like Conan now also after hearing this, I think I'll watch tonight.
Wizard of Oz at Encino Park Elem, SA,TX - What can we say: daughter's in it, helping create stage sets, volunteering - love the theatre!
": long hair? let me guess you don't fucking care" lmfao I cant
yeah, I don't get it...sounds so much better than recycling? Um...
Friday is finally here and it's supposed to be really nice weather (like near 80!) this weekend! Woohoo I'm excited! Are you?
RT : That was a real earthquake. The earth responding to #osu undefeated season.
RT : Nice to share this time with you talking about !!
ouch. Hope you are OK Tim.
this upcomin tuesday is my 15th bday,And i was thnkin "it would be cool if Austin wished me a happy bday! Do u think ya cld?(:
Yes it is lol
Thank you ADP for permanently locking me out of my account after failing secret question password recovery. Way to go.
Dear Timothy, thanks for following!
Left all the windows open in the house last night.
Be More Concerned About Your Character Than Ur Reputation, Because ur Character is Who U Are & Your Reputation is what Others Think of U!
PEW PEW!
thanks! That means a lot coming from you :)
That almost melts my icy little heart. Almost.
LOL - Well, send D-man home for the Super Bowl! We'll test his marg's compared to Husman's 'machine'.
Baltimore Magazine Discovers Things to Do Just Miles from Downtown
Thank you for being you, you are such a inspiration to me, you helped me feel comfortable with my body, you made me feel pretty
were straight ' .
tomorrow i get "normal" cal count.. i'm still not sure how this works, still researching the whole program.
wonders if you'd like to see Tailgate South perform near your town? Let us know where! Thanks for your amazing support this past year!
Saddam Hussein - [check] Osama Bin Laden - [check] Justin Bieber - [ ]
The count down to a Beautiful New Years is on
A huge and well-deserved congratulations for getting into , I feel like an embarrassingly proud parent!
Getting ready to read the awesome 's new webseries, #NutCity!!! Hot stuff! :-)
I see you often and you've never said a word to me, but you wanna be my friend on Facebook? I'll add you when you speak.
thanking God for so much right now.!!
santorini smoothie...yum! maybe ill pretend im on a beach in greece while drinking this...
Now I don't have to plot ways to strangle my coworker.
it's the amazing glaze, I can stop any time!!
emaciated is more like it ;)
The participle was demonstrative.
All right New York...Look no further New York's hottest club is Splash. And were not talking about mermaids although I could be wrong.
Thanks for following us! WE need to get ArtStar and Hennessy Designs together :)
Less than two weeks. Plan your outfit and tell yous friends. Big party raising big funds!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to us, Terri!! :) Have a great day, cuz!!!
I'm still in the office and someone else finished the white wine before leaving. Side eye to
A: Definitely parallels with - behaving like the internet, use of hashtags, for example
shitty don't follow me
: racing chronic have to find a cardiologist
too busy working.
Support local bands and support Rock!
Props to & the entire crew on a great job on the commencement.
Ya Mama
Hello, Mr. Christ. I have returned from the 50s at long last and wanted to say hello... so... mission accomplished.
Hey Melanic what is the name of that piece you did?
You know it's #finalsweek when...
I'm actually looking into Seattle. I believe that city may have my name all over it.
Omg, just retweeted my tweet!
Music is as much a part of history as many other cherished artifacts.
Double bogey on first hole ouch!
Of course! We love our customers too. The Whetstone Branch is awesome. Glad you have connected with us.
two losses in the 11th this series. Tough games. Hopefully Verlander can bring the club some energy tonight.
Bring a friend to Sugar Shack today 12-2pm and have them buy something and you get the equivalent ABSOLUTELY FREE!
on it!
good morning
I'll be there
>>> Just when I think I have this hash tag thing down - It's how his name is spelled though.
Remember abdc6 when street kindom stayed to the final 4? Idk how that happened,lmao they sucked
#AAM2011 Online fever session: student suggestions: need to include "voices" --- email gets pretty stale.
give us D. Whitfield and his/her ensemble!!!!
And there are 1000s more articles just like it. Tks for the RT.
Great three way battle for 9th, let's go Seabass
Love. This. Woman. RT : If I finish this chapter, I can write a sex scene. If I finish this chapter, I can write a sex scene.
Legal #Records Manager needed in #Baltimore! Please contact me for details.
Went to crush a big spider. It jumped on my hand. If coworkers thought I was even slightest bit manly before, no longer.
Does anyone know what Jazz's eyes look like on Fresh Prince? Lol
Tell me! I gotta rely on twitter for updates!
Thanks everyone for coming out last night! We had a great time...see you next year.
oh right ha!
really - then you're correct - that's wierd. unless he's tweaked something on the smurf courts. have to wait and see.
Listening to trumpeter Daniel Rosenthal's "Lines" Interesting use of Wes Corbett on banjo makes for some enjoyable listening.
I hate downtown parking!!
I miss Chris.
Get your morning coffee at Floyd's on SE Morrison & 15th and check out my show! <U+2665>
I won't even bother; the whole literature seems to be mediocre at best. That's how it becomes famous. #JustSayin'
aagh I'm going to try to be there one of these times soon:D
would you be interested in getting paid for your cell phone use ? UNLIMITED TALK, TEXT, WEB ? Christopher / 602.573.4157
think of now as Wendy Selig lame duck years for the bucks...change (and new, non-taxpayer arena) to come...
Very sad but no, not less of a fan.
D: what a jerk.
I love your style
AIN'T GOT TIME 4 GAMES, JUST COME W/IT!!!!!
Microsoft escalates patent wars
Looking to get people who want to stop worrying about a time clock and fear retirement!
time to catch up on pretty little liars before tonight's new episode!! :).
slap fight
lol :) what Doritos tacos??? Are they any good ??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
yeah you have a point there. We'll see though either way its gonna be dope
I had no idea. Rock and roll! [RT In other (exciting!) news: is now on Twitter.]
#WaysToImpressMe is to be honest and humble
you are :( you never said if you are interested or not!!
Interesting article. I realized a while ago by procrastination was tied getting things perfect the first time.
what's gd bro did u do that verse yet?
Following #elclassico on the mobile.
We can find a better way to pick our leaders, one that doest require/allow giving money to politicians. #1. DEMAND CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM
We're excited about , encouraging people to make protest songs about issues they care about. Hey... WE'VE got a protest song!
You are amazing! Keep being the great person that you are.
A walking paradox, a newfound legend. My flow been perfect since 2007
Roy Hibbert better have a Tyson Chandler-like impact on D and the boards as well.
Just remember who was by your side when everyone else left.
Going to The Avengers because it's important to keep my sex appeal alive.
he's one piece of shit
Why the hell does my Twitter account seem to be unfollowing people on its own?
So im bored so I say someone should text me c:
Nothing like CreativeLIVE to learn about creative tools, today: WordPress for Photographers on with Justin Seeley
Definitely! We have great solar prof events incl #solartailgate for the Brewers. You're all welcome to attend!
longshot but do you remember the username and password for the GW event wireless?
Let's have some fun tonight people and don't forget we have the best priced limos around
Great turnout, great presenters RT : Thanks to all speakers, attendees at #economistforum! If you missed it we'll have video soon.
your damn straight rawrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
Don't worry. I'm a pro at driving while tweeting while dancing while instagraming while keeping watch for cops.
Everybody needs to b sleep
look who designed it!
omg i havnt been on here in 4EVER!!!!
"Be Original: Only Dxxd Fish Go With the Flow"
not since that one! :D
Your winter mix is now treating us kindly as we drive through some snowy weather :)
Today I am detoxing bad things out of my boady I am very toxic so fuck irion man 3 toxic man part 1 staring sean stewart rite
I'm Really Happy leavening California knowing I made some of my Cousins into Mahomies <3
When my teacher cusses in every lecture.
oh yea famous dave fine with me...lol golden coral far as fuck
the market will determine if they are successful--if the food is good, that is.
Thinking about snacking
I sign them cheers humming the theme song in my head and hope you do the same when you read it. Commitment achieved.
thanks for your support and making Pairings amazing!
Speaker pony: One who uses a speaker phone to feel like they’re important/doing important business even though it’s for something stupid.
if you could RT this or reply this, i'll seriously kick a cow. :)
I didn't know people still wear rubber bands on their pants legs. Just get your size
Good girl! Family first!
WTF happened last night? I almost threw my beer through the TV. I know you gotta be pissed!!!
:) do you have a facebook page?
Thank you for the kind retweets of today's post
First shot Carmelo in brons face
thangs guys! Don't slow down post acquisition :)
Welcome back to all those checking in this weekend! Just a reminder: Res Hall Resource Centers are open 10am to 10pm Sunday for check in!
so did i.. ahha
stop omg
I cannot wait!! Rage! RT": The snake pit is gonna be a complete shit show this year. And I couldn't be more thrilled."
hol on wait let me change some words around lol
thanks love!!!!! i miss you to :)
Believe he's there through 2012-13 school year RT Isn't Gould leaving soon?
Trust me, Geeky doesn't offend me. Thanks for the #FF :)
I'd love to attend #Buzzwords Berlin but the schedule might not work out. /cc
Besides Natural Balance Massage (of course :o), the Belt Pkwy's north view of the bay & Verrazzano Bridge...stunning vista!
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm not even sure what number I'm on with these...
#10ThingsIFindAttractive a guy who actually works for a living.. Not one who has everything handed to him
Thx for following! I hope to meet you at #ArtsTechSF!
Great seeing you too! Which reminds me. Must get ahold of
Don't know what to make of this. On one hand, it makes sense for his #diet, but he is not the only person at the palace.
His mouth should consult his brain next time.
I have heard that yellow jackets are very fashionable these days
Overheard last night at #Relayforlife "My soul is leaking out of my face! God help me, I'm becoming a ginger!"
Just unfollowed you
k go head do it
nvm happy saturday sexy
Happy bday from Cincinnati to
Osweiler will scan defenses at nearly 5,287 feet above sea level in Denver. I mean, replacing Manning is a tall order, but that's ridiculous
YOU HAVE TO TELL SAGE SOMETHING.
Hey frat do u do video editing ?
if you could go back and change somethin' what would it be?
I love the wind it feels good when its hot outside
yep I work a swing where I'm on them 7 days out of the month
A kiss is a 2 in 1 deal
loved #WWHL last night! Full circle moment for you. Cheers
Pancakes. Eggs. && Bacon. ! (: and some O/G on the side ! Yes this is a very good morning before i go to Volley Ball practice and Drill Team
Got a question for the Black Male Summit panelists? Ask here and we'll give it to them!
Republicans who vote for tax increases are akin to ratheads in a bottle of soda.
I'm not! Lmao in just doing my thang
hey guess what, I finally found Fox on my tv tonight!!
every1 tryna keep up wit the Jones'es.... I dont even know them lol! People are too distant from the church
Coming soon to gmail... better ads? Gee. Can't wait.
I Ole McRonald
Ms. Christi just diagnosed me with ADHD. Hahaha
it's gettin to be too cold time to be a caveman
Thanks! You heard from CSSD yet? And did you get Ingeborg's London photos? I miss those days!
cheers to you on taking a leap and enjoying life.
OMFG I GOT CHEESY POOFS! :D
I asked for a gym membership & a month later i don't have one, I dislike you mother. Me and need one for track next year! >:|
awe:( how'd you get her in trouble?
I feel like Navin when he found out his name was in the phone book!
Nash on #GivingShow Top 10 Celebirty #Foundations #philanthropy is a leverage game. measurable impact.
Happening now! tune in MT islandpresident Don't miss Jon Shenk's interview on today at 9AM PST on Los Angeles' 89.3 FM!
if would mean the world if you tweeted me happy birthday! I'm gonna be 13 on thursday<3
what's wrong #MB????
Thanks for listening Regine!
Snooty ass bitches always get what they want
Why aren't u following me?
ha! two baltimore guys on the team, so it's a given...lol
MT : Happy to be w , other gov't colleagues 4 ribbon cutting 4 New American Wing Galleries
#3wordsthatwomenhate Your moms hot;)
Not feeling good at all :(
Forget #Kony2012, let's make #GeorgeZimmerman famous!!! Who is #GeorgeZimmerman!!!!
:-) love it! Cheers!
UGH JOSH WHY DO YOU DO THIS TO ME
We are just getting started so if there somebody in particular you would like to see on our blog or our site, let us know!!!!
#Bout to take Istep...bummed out dont wanna take it:\
I would give a ball to be at sound wave festival.
#dragrace PICK SHARON NEEDLES
where are you? I might go hangout with Ian... Haha
such gracious words. I lost my mom to cancer three years ago!
Thanks for following me on Twitter!
fool couldn't even smile. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Oh. Lol. LOTS OF STRIPES. GOT IT. Ahaha. Or should I wear my audrey hepburn dress or my sailor suit. JFIOAJOIEWJ
This fish just told me I look very mysterious, and sexy.
haha I'm just playing
He gives really cheap skull
Go caps!
knocking doors for future congressman
Social Media Power Player #SMPP is changing my life & it hasn't even started yet! Think I'm getting a new dream
So hypocritical isn't it? How do they square that with the "grassroots" T-party "movement"? Those=patriots but these=anarchists? lol
It's starting to cook out there. I won't call it Summer yet until opening my door feels like a molten lava pimp slap, however.
SO SORRY to all of you who got a link from me. I got it from some guy and clicked on it. it must have sent it to everyone!
RT : These are precious!
Fuck the Portland Police Department
It was interesting to see some people rage at the Ned Stark stuff. Like they felt betrayed. I sense much worse is coming.
You will get over that soon!
yall rule I love your waffle fries
#SHOUTOUT GO FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK :) X
I was at my cousins house ! >.< &they had the fight. though it ended long time ago.. the a-dults like to talk a LOT. haha
Come see me today at Borders Express in Exton Mall between 1-3pm. I'll be signing The Lipstick Laws.
Almost went to jail today. Scared the crap out of me. Yeah ... those monopoly games get pretty intense.
awww..missed you too! Hope you're doing good!
hahahaha totally ill catch them in my pond n bring them(;
dreaming of London today...ahh the power of netflix!
aittle in action ? Youtube ?
how do I even go about doing that?
I want to buy in when the real estate is really cheap!
Wishing all you Love Birds out there a Happy Valentines Day! Tweet Tweet
: My guy held the curtain for Kelly Clarkson when she played Indy. That story never gets old.
follow me<U+2665>
Great & busy weekend! Another amazingly successful client on Sat. & personal retreat on Sun. ~Recommend~
Working on props for shelyn and richies photo booth this Saturday.
"People who soar are those who refuse to sit back and wish things would change."Charles R. Swindoll
Take risks, give chances, face your fears. It makes your boring story interesting.
what's going on Sal?
Checking out twitter
Im OD tired :|
Super excited for my LA weekend, starting tonight with some laughs for a good cause
Go Follow ASAP #teamblackhouse----->
blah blah blah blah testing fb and twitter integration
RT : Depends on whether you want people to watch. <-- Would there actually be enuf content??
yea buddy
George Zimmerman's attorneys tell reporters that, if they're waiting for Zimmerman to appear, "slip on out, because that's not happening."
If you were intelligent, you wouldnt need your gender as an excuse. Typical liberal.?
the Y its to hot to play outside
Saturday night live!!! HYFR! Like a boss!:)
": what! jus clicked her pic & i had no idea #oomf was so ugly, & she tweet like she badd mm mm mm" Should've expected dat!!!
thanks eve :)
Yeah, of course. That is my major criticism of it--lack of diversity. But I'm still not sure that these girls are
me too as the night goes on I keep getting hungrier lol wtf should we do
New Consumer Financial Protection Board website is up. It looks rather cartoonish & not serious. Is that a bad sign for consumers?
Thanks for the #FF shout-out! Have a rockin' weekend!
Oh Girl
How bright green my eyes are without makeup on right now >>>>>
Glad you were able to use the video! Happy #BillofRightsDay!
RT Don't be a bore! Attract and engage your reader with a confident, assertive hook in the first 1-3 lines of your article.
I rather be ya N.I.G.G.A, so we can get drunk and smoke weed all day!
The 5-10 yr vision for eLearning software is simpler. The combined skills of ID & Developer will continue to grow.
I don't want DD to go home tonight!!!!!!
When will the Copper Anvil entry be out?
Marriott to Sell ExecuStay Corporate Housing to Oakwood
"Take chances, make mistakes, get messy." -Ms. Frizzle, The Magic School Bus
good idea!!
Responded to FIRE @ 767 Lindbergh Avenue, Peekskill, NY 10566. Red Cross auto update.
yeah it is but it doesn't feel like it :-(
Two more days then off for 15. Can't wait!!!
I miss everything about you </3
no doubt. Nu La!
Very nice performance! We will be premiering a new George Crumb work next weekend in Philadelphia, "American Songbook VII"
Welcome! RT : It's official - I'm in my new digs up on the 4th floor Come say hi!
thanks Emilio. It's a blessing and a curse.
I hate hurrying up just to wait
loves google.
Overheard from run-of-the-mill cubicle dweller next to me: "I don't get drunk; I get AWESOME." Pfff. You got no idea chief.
I done left and came back and they still ain't called my #
Huntsman: What govt does needs to be recognized. Taxpayers should get their money's worth.
Am I the only one that doesn't understand Tyler Perry's humor? Laugh tracks are awful.
We need you in Concert in Orlando soon!!! When will u be back?
I'm going to be an aunt!!!
How is my baby
It was a nice moment. It's more than meeting first, like she said. I think this is for real.
+ RT : Someone who knows how to code should make a version of the Time cover where you can upload your own photo to get nursed.
oh ok. He said the background part where I say "I Got Lyrics 2 GO" wasn't in the session that you sent.
Got burrito from La Hacienda ,and then Slush Puppies.
It's about time!
gina call me & we can meet by my old house, yeah? i think so (;
Thanks! Going to be a crazy week.
i hate fake ppl:\
Just received school librarian of the year award!
That's cool with me.. But the play i'm talking about is when they were WALKING down the court and Harden got called
Lunch rush is dying down…come spend the afternoon with us!
Heading over there, tomorrow!
Lol i want more followers!:)
Under 2 minutes to play at Madison Square Garden, #UMass trails #Stanford 65-56, biggest deficit of 2nd half.
Waiting in a parking lot at a lower tier indoor waterpark for Xmas with the inlaws.
Spreading the Gospel of Love, Truth, and Blessedness
roadtrips with #pubmedia ++; altho some of the audio proc (or lack thereof) makes me cringe.. nothing sounds like home.
Seasons Change and so has Avon For the Best. Rita 404.454.1494 serving Atlanta and Surrounding Areas.www.youravon/rbrown.com
I love you...so much
never heard of it before.
thanks for the good game wishes! We lost though
& there's no where in the world i rather be,then here in my room dreamin about you and me<3.
watching your TED Talk on Motivation Guidance Counselors as we talk about their new roles in a changing education system. LOVE!
It's #cybermonday everyone! Check out sperantsa's website and order your #HatsForHope now!
who is this mandie person?
very cool now you just need a snake feather hair extension and you'll be set!
I'm starting to realize this... RT Sometimes you just have to let it go...
I love how RR has handled keeping us in the realm of Consequences without explaining the underlying Cause
I'll never understand how a woman can leave her house in the AM without showering.
First I'm hearing of it! What thrilling news! It's prior winners like you that lend the fellowship such prestige
Great Place!
3? Wow. Fun & nutty household, I'm sure.
Tried to pull my teacher in. She sent me to the Principal's Office. Principal got fired the next day.
The Downtown Detroit fireworks?
wow! You have the wild game thing nailed! I've never tried.
Started reading abook called Barefoot in November by the son of family friend. Memoir about life with aortic aneurism (John Ritter had it)
first time listener today-love, loved it!
Tomorrow night is gonna be so much fun! Then the river and swing dancing Sunday. Hope it all works out!
Brandon Williams with his glasses off, is officially, Elvin from the Cosby Show! Lololol!
watch out now, too much party
ha thank you.play my shine. Everyone and there mother loves that one
Lmaooo haha you love my best friend don't you? Don't you just wish you had such a great friend like her?
#Fletcher: bike plan..we have it, need to make it a priority.
First ballet class in YEARS! Wish me luck!!
I am going sailing.... if practice gets canceled I might cry
I hate him too. Probably the cockiest person on the planet.
#mygrandmaiscool My grandma had too much wine before midnight mass and kissed the priest full on the mouth!
Grazie does lunch!! Noon-3PM M-F stop by for #AllYouCanEat for just $9.95 (FL residents) or $13.95 (non-residents)!
My day has started
Thank you for being the best co-instructor in the whole wide world!
Really nice song's Glen keep in touch with White Crow
John Kings wife is Dana Bash who is Anti-Paul! So he won't go to Paul except for retarded questions!
wohoo! You rock!
yeah Rome may be a little unprofessional but Herd's just a clown.
Time To Switch to #HBOboxing Canelo Vs. Suga on deck
Hahahahaha! That is one of the best ideas I have ever heard!
was amazing tonight on #AmericanIdol - hope it continues!
The alcohol inks seem to be lasting on rougher textured metal charms. On very polished silver charms ink can be mostly rubbed off with cloth
and by pink, I mean white :/
It absolutely baffles me that there is a #Blackwater video game but #SixDaysinFallujah can't get a publisher because it's too controversial.
yes! What time should we be there? Also, would it be weird of I wore an IU shirt?
So excited for my tasting at 's in Glen Ellyn on Saturday from 11-3..come taste some Jo Snow cocktails & soda. See ya there!
When was the first time you had #Monicals Pizza?
There is nothing more peaceful than a sleeping child.
u should wake up So can grab my car
Yes is right!!
Have a super day everyone. Right now, I'm tying up one project so another can be started ... anyone figure out that cloning process yet?
Maverick Meerkat now installing. Crossed fingers.
If you can't wait for the dessert to be shipped to you, you can pick up your gift basket in Lowell!
Breathing control gives man strength, vitality, inspiration, and magic powers. - Chuang Tzu
:-) the more, the merrier.
People will hate you, rate you, break you and shake you. How strong you stand is what makes you.
my bad Clint I'll ease up
right when it was taken we were like "profile pic!"
#pw2012 Prosperity Works announces $300,000 Kellogg grant to start Children's Savings Accounts in New Mexico!
If I get drafted this year, it's going to be hard to have to turn down the 2012 summer Olympics.
I hope it goes well n.n!
on my way to the chi to get a piglet and a bird...
Work at the edges of your field.
So great to meet you yesterday, Joey! You were awesome in the chat! Thanks so much!!!!
Never let parents do the shopping for yah :)
#SchoolMemories This year. Spending every waking moment with my family. Especially competition and this last week.
Happy birthday to the fabulous !!!
Now reading Stephen Webb's WHERE IS EVERYBODY? FIFTY SOLUTIONS TO THE FERMI PARADOX.
thank you - i really appreciate the RTs!
The only time I'm good at something is when I don't know what I'm doing.
I know right lol
Shucks! Is there a waiting list for bottles that go unclaimed and/or never picked up?
hey, he should get his shot too
good luck with your panel!
Feel Better Jackson! RT : Send your love to your fellow Crohnies - share this post #FeelBetterFriday!
via : Anyone in a walking boot has no credibility with me. If you're so smart, why is your foot busted?
: charging my batteries and shining my rain boots!!
Do so! Last time we talked, you were fighting Kelsey.
Robert Maner he is one of my friend's XBOX Lives friend
So many Redskins player tweeting excitement for another DC team making it to the playoffs and also advancing
HM! RT more biz should do something for #ChiChat. A restaurant should invite us to sit & chat on Twitter
Page proliferation and segmentation is a HUGE problem within higher ed and Facebook. Students don't care about departments.
My Hawaiian wedding countdown continues...60 days left as an unmarried woman!
wow, #WIFYR is over. good times. it's helped immensely. I hope I can get a book out between now and next years' conference.
too much too soon....Mike Tyson was just overwhelmed by the flood of success. his first wife and mother-in-law only made it worse
Just had the corned beef and monte cristo
Roadtrip to OU with and Lillian can't wait to be with and momma rob
Starting to add a little Green Tea to me diet. I'm starting to feel a little like a 'Buddhist-Hippy' from Portland now.. ;)
What Happens in Verona: Last show today unless we're voted best of fest! Box office 11am, doors 1:30, curtain 2pm www.stonesouptheatre.org
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible. - Arthur C. Clarke
When I try always says: "Note: We were unable to determine whether or not you have previously saved this bookmark."
(baby daddy voice) damn you all got my son all starving n shit
#EverydayIThinkAbout One Direction, all day every day! You are my life :)
Stealing this fun question from a fellow coach (thank you, Lachlan Cotter). THINGS YOU MISS ABOUT BEING A KID? Go.
You can't make someone love you, all you can do is be someone who can be loved, the rest is up to the person to realize your worth.
At Cornerstone in College Park. Kris Kross' jump just came on. I got hype, but these kids have no idea. I HAD THIS TAPE!
I love loving fireworks.
I must have missed that post. That's awesome, good luck!
good call on the mailing list. Look forward to next season.
It amazes me that people never run out of things to say on
Pancakes acquired. Now for more coffee and some work!
Not only have the pansies bloomed in the yard, but there is a HUGE bunny munching on them right now!
POSH TONIGHT FOLKS...ITS A WRAP...NO WAIT LINE FOR THE LADIES...PLEASE ARRIVE EXTRA EXTRA EARLY SO YOU CAN GET IN
there are always new buildings to put up, admin staff to hire and beutification projects (anything except putting staff wages up!)
Thanks to all the people that came out and to the establishments that hosted us on another successful pub crawl!
I love Liz.
maybe u will haha. Don't u hang with hager and the twins ?
#GoBucksGo! #BeMilwaukee! Happy Birthday Coach Skiles! Get the win ! #Beat76ers Defense Defense!! Mke fans great, Phl fans NOT!
Every time I hear Juicy, I look at myself and say damn. I'm only getting started...
New York Giants News for May 8 - Giants Football Blog (blog)
AfterEffects or Flash for an animation? It's a simple animation but I kind of want to use this opportunity to learn AE. Choices...
Maybe The Old Spagetti Factory in Trolley Square Mall?
Does everyone have their marketing plans ready for AAO? :)
Thanks for follow. Mahalo.
Woah! Thanks for the RT. Makes me feel all special and stuff... lol
You're not the boss of me :)~
I fully support that. Does the beach have wifi?
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 35
And knowledge is knowledge. Thrilling for its own sake. Sorry, I'm an Aquarius.
I'm living, can't complain. You were on my mind so I thought I'd hit you up. Hope you enjoy your v-day
“: Finally getting the tabby cat that's been sleeping on my head trimmed up.” glad that we could help! Isn't Valerie the best?
I just played a second bingo in a row on my mother in Scrabble. Pretty soon you will all hear the screams of rage from Marin.
“: As a #Jets fan it's in my DNA to hate #SB46” FULLY AGREED
No problem!
#DMCA Now talking about Managed Copy.
“: After awhile shit just gets old, really fucking old”
I wanna Go shopping!
Just google the news. I think she's dating a model? Plus it's trending right now.
don't forget the tape.
I can only assume the shit-talking thread is just teeming with gossip about how messy my desk is right now. Thx a lot,
I hate how on my days off, I just sit at home. It makes me wish I was working -.-
what do you get paid for??
A. Zip up the PSD file and all specialty fonts and place on FTP or send via email
June 17th 5-7 pm Celebration! Make sure and join The City of Washington and The Chamber of Commerce on Main Street for a 6pm Ribbon Cutting!
Had a great time chatting, laughing and getting to know you more at the event tonight! Hope 2 see you again soon!
A thousand apologies for the late postings on the dedications! The dedications will be in a more timely manner starting... now. :)
Why do they call it the Department of Interior when they are in charge of everything outdoors?
"We the People!"
Carl Crawford to the #RedSox...What do you think the O/U Win total will be for them now with him and A. Gonzalez?
No text back? Cool, I C U.
I want to go to Florida and Cali this summer.
Happy "Mutter's Day" (phonetic spelling of how my daughter used to say it) to everyone who's a Mom or has one!
Thanks for the RT! If you're ever in town, let us know.... I'm sure we can con into bringing you in for a visit.
Right? Had to work on a Mac last week after several years away. Wanted to put my fist through the screen.
scratch that make it 6 beer events for
Good to see a celeb not act like a manaquin @ a sporting event.
California, Argentina, Washington State, Chile,
His face just looks so weird..
Hope everyones having a fantastic Memorial Day Weekend!(:
private company contracted with DOD and homeland security and military.
The only thing buried under the Vatican are dead popes as far as I know LOL
DVF is my ultimate mother figure man., she's one of the most awesome human figures in history.
Friday coffee quiz: Animal prints or floral? Discuss.
Yes. You?
I think I will stay 21 another year. The look of shock when I reveal my age hasn't gotten old yet. (Another pun, somebody stop me).
“: So love it when does worship in other languages (Spanish). Now let's do german, Thai and aussie”
3 years later.... RT : President Obama opens by blaming deficit woes on George W. Bush's Administration
haha its so rediculous, but funny, hurry and get off work dude
U know u successful when people can't stand u..ctfu I love it..
Albuminurophobia- Fear of kidney disease.
no problem<3
Do you think people will ever stop taking pictures of the baseball field from their seats?
The only reason I'm watching tv is for #Weezy106 .. he's so fine and I love his videos.. weezy finatic :-)
I hate the lakers! But don't get excited nugget fans! THAY GON COME BACK
Pooda said "pleasedo it with me"
IF YOU FOLLOW ME I FOLLOW YOU BACK (*-*)
I have to ask, what's SEO?
Yay! Thanks for downloading!
Drank coffee for the first time today
Voted for you last night :)
Talk about a good night :)
Enjoy the night buddy
i am so sick of this hipster-synth bullshit music.
I don't think there's any help for my story though.
i hope its national 'look like shit' day. because i look and feel the part.
I have my unconventional hat on today.
great thanks!! I just entered... so i can enter daily right?
studying for the World Cultures midterm. feeling really tired..
Thanks so much to everyone who requested us on The Local Buzz w on last night!
You too!
Oh, ! I'm using right now. Genius. Thank you for the intro!
“: “: chillin bra I gotta e-mail u a track i need u on one” ” say no mo
thanks. If it wasn't for you we wouldn't have thanksgiving
Best Planned Parenthood/Save The Children/Rainforest/Clock Tower sidewalk opening line yet: "I've always wondered: Is male modeling hard?"
Its Buffalo Bill
Finally home after some amazing days in London!! Truly extremely amazing and I love every single one of my sweet friends I shared it w/! <33
I just installed the new UberSocial for
#inmiddleschool my nails was always dirty
*correction: #WMATA web site.
#manifestAR style #augmentedreality intervention reappropriated by as educational activity ... Sweet!
I picked up some odds and ends from the 7-11 and the cashier clearly thought I was high.
My home girl told me if I ever broke This Girls Heart, She was gone go all Carrie Underwood On Me & Make a Song, Make Me Famous I Deserve It
I don't get it! Justin bieber loses some of his beliebers just because he dyed his hair brown. Why not unfollow lady gaga? She changes a lot
experts say macing people in the chest is sufficient. just sayin'. but if it must be the face, go for it... :)
HI! I recently came across your blog and am really wanting to learn how to bake bread. Any tips on how to get started? Me= Newb
Donald "Duck" Dunn left this daffy world today, bummer.
haha thanks man
"It's my world. You just a squirrel tryin' to get a nut. Now get outta here." [/Oran-Juice-Jones]
Thanks for the mention!! We luv you
Nyjer Morgan has the best interviews of anyone!
sad to see the cows go though!
Watching my 8 month old niece & 4 year old nephew all while attempting to do final reviews is freakin' frustrating.
Thank you for the mention!!
haha well i'm down for being a tester if you ever get a hangout together. I need to start using it more!
Additionally progress stagnates and drifts. Federal minimum wage in 1968 was worth $10 in today's standards and minimum remains $7.25.
Soo my horoscope called me fat today, yaaaayyyy
good news for the bucks...
I have speculated more than once what my life would be if I was in something other than advertising and public relations.
Music doesn't start with a beat. It doesn't start with lyrics. Music starts with inspiration.
I feel like going back over to Savage house, but his lil Red ass sleep SMH.
Now that I'm older wiser and less afraid of the world, I wish I could start highschool all over again. I would TOTALLY OWN IT NOW!!!!
"We're gonna skate to one song, and one song only: "Lady Hump" by the Black Eyed Peas."
Unless you get a super turbulent ride, then sleepiness turns to sickliness :) RT : A2. Party hard and u can sleep ANYWHERE
Does ESRI consider a PhD associated with a research assistant position as experience for their job openings?
Thank you, thank you very much. You're a beautiful audience.
HAPPY FRIDAY! Let’s finish the week strong!
RT : "Not everyone has potential for greatness, but everyone has potential of toughness"
Keep talking and I'm gonna start talking...
“We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing
Somehow today you'll be told you can do better. That's great. Believe it!
If there's any class that I wish I can just get out of, its piano.
When thinks she scares me.
boy you doing it big.
I am going to kick you when u see you!
Mahalo for the Tweet!
Posted photos from the pirate adventure field trip. Some funny stuff, too bad that I couldn't get video! We laughed! Also, A lost a tooth!
mkay, you're welcome ahaha :) and yeah so far I love it.<U+2764>
lol why are you up
Now how do I put a tweet in my pocket and carry it around with me for the rest of my life? :-)) TY
Again, can't stand the Cardinals, but that arch they mow into the outfield grass looks cool.
someone tweet me.
I ENJOYED MOTHER'S DAY TO THE FULLEST :-) :-)
happy birthday. Hope to see you in lexington this weekend
well unhack yourself!
I have GOT to see a launch from Baikonur before I'm launched from there :)
following the Gitelman talk from a distance via your tweets. Thanks DHers at
Anyone at New Mexico Grand Lodge right now? looking for an update...
Finally getting rid of tweetcaster..
you are beautiful too :) <3
"All this machine does is swim & eat & make little sharks & destroy straight marriages" was the original line in the script.
we love you San Francisco... and we love our Fans !!!
You're in charge of not letting people get to you. They can't pull the trigger if you don't give them the gun.
Meet Johnny the stingray; pigeon talk; aspirational aitches
SHOES,SHOES AND MORE SHOES COME IN TO CITY GEAR DERBY HERE!!! ROUNDHOUSE ADIDAS,SHELLTOE ADIDAS, AND MUCH MORE
I love a women in leggings and heels!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
New Life Counseling – Evelyn Barton - Life can be overwhelming and extremely stressful. Many of us need some guidance and/or a...
At the barber shop
haha I don't! I've gotten some scary ones, though. One guy called me "Mystery Girl." WEEEEIIIRRRD.
man, what a long couple of days, but I survived!!! still not the weekend, but i can sure use a break!
made a kube type be 35$ who wants it
In love with the song beautiful disaster <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
ahaha okay if you say so
I've been super stressed the past few days, but sharing a salad with the dog is definitely helping for now.
I love Iggy Pop but American Idol really? Um...
I keep feeling like arguing with MRA stuff but then I remind myself that it's not histo perspectives so much as ways to be misogynist
TIME TO START LIVING
follow back? :)<3
We can't move on until we realize the horrible past thar created the present.
hell yeahh i would be too, she said no problem, be safe! <3
I can't even thank enough for everything she did today for me. She always goes above and beyond as my coach!!
#thehungergamestaughtme fight for love, no matter what it takes.
"Thank You" to you and all the team for never giving up!
When people look depressed doee <<
RT : Congratulations to on winning the Best New Artist at the #GRAMMYs!!! Be Great.
...And I gladly stand up, next to you and defend her still today. ‘ Cause there ain’t no doubt I love this land, God bless the USA!
nice t-shirt!
Thanks! Happy to do it.
2/2 Also, after watching Shut Up Little Man!, I decided R Crumb wannabes are both the worst comic artists AND human beings on planet.
OH: "Hmm, 25 cent nuclear decommissioning fee."
At Spotify holiday event...
would you pick up Marshon Brooks and drop Amir Johnson?
lol he is REALLY rapping ... omg !!!
RT : And there is your dagger.
My hamster might have Wet Tail. Oh wells.
because its fake?? Haha
That is to funny :)
No one is napping in Fort #Lauderdale this afternoon as the skies fill w/warplanes practicing for the Air & Sea Show
they have not been scheduled yet.
Ashton kutcher- a job well done !!
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
I need your help
The way Louis says "Harder" in Moments >>>>> My life existence
The best part of GIRLS so far: Charlie's apartment. That's some super Apartment Therapy-type shiz there.
haha I know she is brutal but yes we should be home seeing they all took work off aha but yes the Bahamas was amazing!
RT : PR Pros on Twitter - Use Hashtag #IAMPR And You'll Be Listed on the #SMPR Blog...! www.smprblog.blog.com & Aerocles.blog.com
u haven't
Ok! I will! I can't believe that this is the last week of school already.
: If I am approved to write release about it or do an interview, I am approved for SM. <--Regrettably rare.
Question: Whats your favorite local business in Baltimore? We want to know!!
us too! It's a longshot but we're giving it everything we've got!
RT #COKids featured siblings #adoption: Wonderful, active sibling group (5 children,7-13,CO) needs a family who'll adopt them.
The kid got what you deserved, he candymanned. You can't candyman or biggy smalls and not expect that - Troy Bartow
gives the skinny on the "esteemed" International Graduate University, which takes up space w/o doing much near Potomac...
What to do what to do
Well we really are going to disappoint, aren't we?
Early Dismissal .(:
A Czech man, Jan Honza Zampa, holds the record for drinking one liter of beer in 4.11 seconds.
I think someone should be dropping subtle hints to Toni Morrison that calling herself ToMo is the way to go.
it's okay though .. right?
Shane Mosley is taking a beating right now
kate I'm really happy you have a tumblr and less hair and these types of life choices
shake it off, its playoff time
Anybody like Sleeping Giant? Or In the Midst of Lions?.... Or Gideon?
watch out for idiots swinging hand weights. and shelves that appear out of nowhere
GOP more unpopular than Dems. Yet people still voted GOP. Like high schoolers who don't want prom king to be class president too!
Closely with me
well its nice to meet you. i dont give out personel information though.
When someone follows me and i dont follow them first, i fall in love with them.
"If there are self-made purgatories, we all have to live in them. Mine can be no worse than anyone else's." -Spock, "This Side of Paradise"
That's so true! Swapping is so fun and exhilarating, esp the first time. And if you bring 5 people you can swap for free!!
But more stalkerrific!
First break of the night and all I can think about is quitting time...6 and a half hours away :-(
Cops say Obama protesters already showing up on the south gate of Buckley. Cops gearing up to monitor them.
Not a pretty game
For my #ivf tweeps....did your RE ask you to go on BCP the month before the ivf cycle?
exactly right.
Ok ill check it out..... S/O
May 1st @ 7:30PM (PST) LIVE STREAM ON FOX SPORTS:: National All-Stars vs. American All-Stars. For more info, visit www.hsaaa-classic.com
The term is "Shawshanked" via and I always get sucked in by Blue Streak
too early to make that call. It's all or nothing for Rangers this season.
Olive oil is SO expensive!!
Okay I refollowed you :)
Oh and my one year anniversary of having this twitter is coming up this month! ah okay. Goodnight yall (:
I should probably go to bed...AH FUCK THAT IM STAYING ON TWITTER! ;)
enjoying the sun during my break
Last Day to get 50% OFF at The Irishman Pub. Follow us for all our weekly
Plans are inert and useless without sufficient power to translate them into action. ~Napoleon Hill
"Emma Watson: "young women are told they have to be a delicate princess. that's bulls**t. if I were a princess, I'd be a warrior princess."
I want to cry, I have all of a sudden got loads of spots on my chin. Life = over
Half off all bottles of wine & draft beer today!
Tough loss tonight. Poor coaching really hurt
YOU DONT KNOW YOUR BEAUTIFUL <33333
Thanks Travey! your so sweet! hows your week going? =]
Kimberly Reeds documentary Prodigal Son is one of the best DOCS I've ever seen and it is coming out soon. Look for it
Death stares in the daytime. Nicey nice in the nighttime.
my mom: wow, 18 years and your still walking around naked. me: lol yea its gonna keep happening too.
80% of agents making more than $100k use video
Brazilian style
I didn't get a D/L link. Is there one up yet?
it kind of goes too far. People starting to bleach their ass crack and intimate areas.
Reason why Avengers was ass? No Spiderman.
What would happen if the combined jdate and Christiansingles?
I know a lot of beautiful women wit low self esteem
Guess who doesn't care about your law school exams?? Me.
Weather nice out 2day...think I'ma chill doe
yet another thing youmedia got right
": told you last night that the new preview was fire!" <3
working out today! im giving myself 90 days to lose 15 pounds getting my
awesome... pity you're teaching it so far away ;)
So proud of my little cousin :) #8thgradegraduation #4.0 love you more than you'll ever know!!
a year ago, this would be a good performance for the Knicks. Fans, be happy about that
u put a few scratches on me.... i'm bruised...
hey what time are you and the queen coming in....call me 503-502-4425
Just when there was too much beauty & style for one room to handle, Kristen Stewart arrived & brought us all back down to earth.
AGENT THAT CONTROL THE DARK WORLD. IF THE ALMIGHTY GOD OPENS YOUR EYES TO SEE HOW POWERS OF DARKNESS OPERATE AGAINST HUMANITY
you show me yours and I'll show you mine!
thanks for understanding I'm still a die hard ICONiac I do go on twitter a lot actually just never post ....
uh, does that make "stealing" second base illegal??
4A State Baseball Playoffs at All-Star park today! It's a perfect day for watching baseball games...anyone headed up there?
Buccos in business...Unlike Terrell Owen's accountant
Hello Stephen, Thanks for the follow on Twitter.
I'm so sad that Amendment One passed y'all. I'm gonna stop by Bojangles drive-thru on the way home and soak my sorrows in Bo-Berry biscuits
Bridesmaids should have gotten a best picture nom. The academy has no sense of humor.
#GoTribe Let's go #Tribe, beat the red sox!
not pouring, just attending. We are working on our re-launch so waiting to do events until our new brand is out there.
330 am. Wide awake. This book. Oh my this book.
anything you're looking for in particular?
this girl talkin all fast giving me a mf'n headache
That #lobcity from Paul to Jordan over 2 Grizzles was pretty sick.
well than stay in ya box in the alley way
Good enough!
Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there - Virginia Burden
Reggie the Reckless is kickin' ass and Pam is lookin' good!
love it!
I got hired haha
"There is therefore now no condemnation to those who r in Christ Jesus, who don't walk according to flesh, but according to Spirit." Rom 8:1
>Quote: Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority. Tom Hopkins
HAHAHA! Yes, to clarify.... an 'actual" douche. :)
happy birthday
Had a delay on my iPhone they couldn't swap it out today so gotta wait later this week
What ever happened to respect?? These females get turned on by being called a bitch and a hoe..smhh only this generation
Every few months I have the need to research "Trainspotting"
RT RT! Some cereal would go hard as fuck right now.
We need to work on alot of things.
Seeing Jason at Wal-Mart made my day. :)
I hate these damn frogs outside my window!!
Im going to attempt the impossible!..... Waxing myself in my nether regions!
I cannot wait to FEEL the bingo with Tim tonight. Awh yeah that felt so good.
at the art libraries society (arlis) national conference in boston
The benefit of closed networking? You own ur category, so no competition. We've a tight-knit grp of vetted professionals focused on growth.
If you're gonna try, you're gonna fail. It's how someone reacts after failure that makes them a success story.
Silly other planes distracting me.
if you sit close to field with kids, might wanna choose glove over being cool. It might help.
shout out to martha ruiz
RT : Less than 5 minutes til on live interview about Walk Across America!
glad your ok... Enjoy the morphine while it lasts
#WoW Update: NCsoft Aims To Break The Static Online Game Mold With ArenaNet's Guild Wars 2 - Forbes
that teamtweetallnight sign was awesome!!!
Just got home from city place in palm beach had so much fun!!
UFC's sells pro fighting at #varietysportsbiz summit.
Arary McGowan (Arary_McGowan) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
it really is.
The wind is howling, the snow is falling sideways, the home internet is down and I am officially on #snowverload now
asking all them questions lol...
roll tribe
Lol yes! RT S/o to for throwing up on my foot in pigskin
Been a busy day, finally time for meet to meet up with my pillow n blanket n call it a night...
Blazers just ran all over the Suns. We could do damage in the playoffs
in my eyes your everything .. but in your eyes, i'm just a fan.. now
Fed up of people being pissed off with me and not telling me. Grow some balls and just tell me what I've done.
RT Who are some fab chicks? I'll tell ya!
So how does it feel 1 day after winning #DWTS? So thrilled that u won J.R., you certainly deserved it ! Happy Thanksgiving !
Follow its myo big bro
Can You Can You Follow My New Page :) ?
your dog looks like a giant stuffed animal...
Join us 4 gr8 ongoing #wine ed today @ 12pm EDT. We're talking up the surprising diversity of #Chardonnay...don't miss!
DOES HCG REALLY MAKE YOU LOSE WEIGHT?????
Good morning everyone ! Don't we all wish it was summer already .......
Omg I get to see my husband ( ) in 8 days ah holmdel is going to se the best concert eva #Bizantchies lmaoo
I'm talking about those annyoing, loud ass niggas
After all that you take the ball out of Brees hands?? Crazy.
Just stoled an orange
I don't know you therefore I will not "txt you"
Chillin w/ Molly tonight. I haven't seen her in a week ._.
what time at the kca's coming on??
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone. ~BlaisePascal
Thanks for the follow back.
RT RT: benefit show was asuccess! Thanks 2 for being such a huge inspiration!
Im Nothing But Trouble Baby.,
"I use to be 'Hangin With Mr.Cooper. Now, I'm Hangin with H.H.A! Holistic Healing & Alternatives. Holla." ;-)
Thinking about using in the wildcat next season. Why? Don't ask questions.
We'd love to have you at the Boston #Cleanweb Hackathon next wknd (May 4-6) to continue the #startlabsSGH momentum!
I never ever wanted to be nobody else but myself!
I don't #kissandtell, my friend. :) (JK) RT : so hey what other Twitter Account(s) are you behind?
What's up twitter world
stop Apologizing We Good :)
Last night I attempted a front straddle whip on the flying trapeze. Blindfolded. In tights. This morning I realize I have a strange job.
Id Rather Be Out Somewhere.
If you have questions about our programs please email us at or call us at 713-380-KIDS.....
awww shucks! Thanks for the Mandonna love!
Also miss my hometown of Downey. :( I'll be back in late June like every year.
With a ghetto hood name..Her husband, got the electric chair for something he probably didn't do... falls into the arms of a redneck racist
2 hours 51 minutes until the "SERVIQUE Movement" hits #Milwaukee ; are you ready?
You're so old Lara :)
a puss? That sucks! Haha
#NeverBe afraid to express your true feelings
Another computerless person settles in at the table. mla12
Happy Mother's Day!
Follow Me??Please!!(Wait I'm Just A Normal Fan)PLEASE FOLLOW BACK!!
Hey #Autocorrect. As a rule, i'll never text the word "thong" to anyone, ever. So if u could just replace it with "thing" ... always. Thx!
That sounds like our kind of holiday shopping!
you can with proper supplementation
Thanks for retweet! Any assistance to promote RECYCLING is appreciated. Go to www.Americarecyclesday.org and make pledge.
RT - Dear Cleveland, The Browns, Indians, Cavaliers, and every other sports franchise associated with your city SUCKS. sorry
so how did you know we had grape leaves today?
any chance of an Undeadguy Ale for my burger joint ?
Whenever you think about giving up, think about why you've kept going for this long.
you can buy damn near anything on amazon!
Lemon Lime Gatorade will be served on our courses for the 2010 races!
if they beat michigan i dont care at all.
You wanna Fuck with my game we'll be bringin you the pain ...that will never change
Blue jeans, white shirt. When I walked into the room, you know you made my eyes hurt. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Making my way thru the 800+ songs on the #sxsw bittorrent. So many great bands I have never heard of. A little jazz hiatus till after sxsw.
Thats my job of course
Landing softly.
Shoutout to for Golden State. SMS just gets it. No chest thumping there.
not the lexus club bar.
As a biz owner, I think they have successfully alienated an entire segment of their customer base.
and now I have Hakuna Matata stuck in my head... ... "It means no worries for the rest of your days!"
need a recent bio ASAP. Also, do you have blurbs?
Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right. -Henry Ford
Almost 70% of entering college students support marriage equality. No longer if, but when.
Shame on whoever called Mohamed Sanu and told him he was going No. 27 overall to the Bengals. He's a good kid and doesn't deserve that.
Dr. Gregory Hunter at ARMA Boston today: RM is about storytelling.
I can't watch political shows because sometimes they are complete nonsense. Changing channel.
Getting hungry, need breakfast stuffs.....
On October 3rd he asked me what day it was. "it's October 3rd."
Prince Daniel: It's a princess!!! Swedish
Make sure to check the safety record & features when buying a card.
“: Yes, I'm from Tennessee. No, I am not stupid...No, I am not married to my cousin.” it's twitter official
friday && thank you .
about a potential business relationship. We are currently working with new talent in the regional area, and are now expanding. Hope you...
You will keep your job & retire from there..
I luv me a thick chick wit a nice slim waist and a whole lot of ASS dammnnn
Oh at a hotel :) How cool. I'm gonna drive up and check in mmk? Got a free room? Haha and yes! Major money saver for sure!
Wisconsin is called the Badger state because people would have made fun of "The Gasser State."
I feel like I am back in the military. Knocking this #WorkOut gettin more done b4 9am then most be # all day
you'll be happy to know that my Tweeting activity has recently picked up, which bodes well for my blog.
hey sir! May I please have an email for u or Tango?? Thanks :)
love your bio. do u know xpression Cornbread Mafia?
Nothing says summer like a Rootbeer Float... Come try our newest specialty cocktail!
Thx baby! Hope this isn't like the last 3 times I announced I was officially back 2 living/working on Twitter & jumped ship stat
Want to buy jewelry for that special someone? Use today's deal to get 60% off all regular priced jewelry at Precision Jewelers!
... Going to bed early .
RIP Smokin Joe. A true legend.
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
I may be inebriated enough to play pool.
you need to hear the 2 singles I have produced for London
your beautiful(:
ain't that the truth. Get on Gchat today would ya? I'll be on in an hour.
oh hey
I just got the BEST non-living mother's day gift EVER!
If un/other-schling, there's no place to "escape" from. Not giving up; choice to direct energy to creation, not "fixing," escaping
MCA :( Like a lemon to a lime, a lime to a lemon.
BEST fudge recipe. I usually use semi-sweet, tho. Is milk choc that much better? Not TOO sweet?
I have a lot of life in me so let me live .
i admire your thoroughness =)
“: In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected after for good luck”
Work lunches, school parties, we've got you covered. Call Jason Suain at 770-851-2236 to choose your trays.
I care about Andy and Champion and I want Leslie to win and I like sleeping.
ah! why are you by my house!?! actually though all the logan hipsters are pretty clean. those ones must be from wicker park. :D
RT : All day sessions redesigning Digital Imaging & Internet Studio classes. Refocusing on idea quality/execution, tools=support.
So excited to be playing a gospel themed set live on WWOZ Easter morning! Can I get an amen y'all?
Who starts a conference at 7am? Urgh.
Hey Scarlet pls follow me back :)
Wtf is everyones problem!? I agree with u...
U ate steak and potatoes for dinner and ur kids ate boiled pnuts.#im calling D.C.F
thx! When will u B in? RT : I lk yr "MO" & just made reservations. Looking forward 2 it...
What frequency of face-to-face interactions between Dr.& patient are needed with new patients to create a functioning "relationship"?
Hope to see/hear both of you playing that new gibson in Portland some time soon.
Perhaps. But if you're getting pho in South Central you're probably doing it wrong….
ha! I'm honestly afraid to get a dog because I'm sure it will like E way more than me and I don't want the rejection!
Life is a Haiku A handful of syllables Arrange them wisely.
Happy Birthday Pretty lady!!(:
Judith Hellerstein #ISOCDC roundtable on corruption: Can World Bank get citizens with smartphones crowdsource audits? Agerskov: Yes. Trying
I would love to do a shoot for your mag sometime
Sitting in a class full of smart people is never a good time.
You're not very good at twitter.
not really
working outside downtown and enjoying the weather!
I heard George Clooney got arrested for method acting.
Huge shout out to tonight--nothing but love for ya guys!
Hahahaha!!!!!! Hilarious, so funny. Yes, its funny because it's true.
I love making everyones days into enjoyment of full hapyness rather then sadness ;)
Does Tony Lucca have a son or a daughter? *so confused*
I want to give you the Gas Card. No winner tonight. Saturday's Ten at 10:00 is now $150.
Hello Mr. phillip phillips! Woooh
The view-sharing and the photo taking are both wonderful and terrifying at the same time!
He knocked him out of his shoes! WTF!
Yay I got a second job. He hired me on the spot!
RT I need. a friggin massage!!!
ACME just renewed me for a 2nd cycle at 1/2 scale. I got a good agent.
Scan of day's news reveals that Wild Turkey's tagline is 'Give em the Bird' Just might do that.
yea you are..,.
Bitch move from the sunlight l hate the smell of burning plastic.
we have enough for the metro
I'd love to know why i've had a migraine for 2 days now..
#iHateWhen my lane is the only lane the slowest drivers on the planet get in on the freeway
Great final show, Conan.
Has Barnett been officially cut yet?
#TheThingIHateMost is when the tattoo artist messes up the tattoo. RT if this has happened to you!!
LMAO, dont forget the beverage to wash it all down! RT Last meal as a twenty-something: 4 soda crackers and opiates.
the wrong side. all day everyday.
Website is finally finished. Check out www.scottJlurie.com
I want to be writing today! Not breathing paint fumes in a moldy, noisy apartment for the sake of paying off ominous bills.
Love #GCB on ABC! Texas to the T!!
"Pass the Mic" would definitely make my top 5. "So What'cha Want" is also a damn good track, and would probably make my top 10.
I started following you when you posted your name on FB
But im taking it step by step!
12 consensus in CFB today from picks by 170 cappers end up going 9-2-1 and that's is about as good as it gets at the sports eye
2, 3 or 4 bands. What's the best way to do a rock show?
I've been working, keeping busy as ever. Msg me lets catch up soon! Btw, what came of that film we shot, "Imperial Conquest"?
I am loving today :)
Can I have a mulligan? Lol...rain never tapered off...likely to continue for much of the evening.
I think I just went crazy.
I swear #Adele is one of the most ravishing and delightful beings to ever exist.
what resort is that?? Awesome!
Grant - how are you doing this evening???
Just learned that at least 6 past SYTYCD dancers are going to be part of the #DWTSLV show. I'll do a post with details soon.
Best break ever <3
Too cute!!!
More Tops on Twitter
This building is Verizon territory but Comcast is cheaper. They're not open until tomorrow AM but will call then.
En route back to Home Sweet Home Chicago! So privileged to live there.
Omw hopefully lol if the car works... Umm better still be home juan lol
come at me bro
Shouting to MSU for not bowing down!
CEO of Next Alternative, (N4H.de) has relayed that the firm's Emulsion-Fuel is among the most potent formulas due to Carbon Nano Tubes.
i love <3 forever
“: It takes 21 days to make or break a habit. If you start today, you'll achieve success by March 6th.”
lol. All the ones I've messed with always r & do. XD lol!
I love making notes just so i can doodle funny pictures of stupid things that happen throughout the dayy!
I really enjoyed GreenFest!
I totally agree! RT I would hope has space for Jason heller and his book "Taft 2012" seem right up their street :)
Yes! I had it this morning for the first time and it's awesome!!
Great oped by Karan Bhatia on APEC and free trade. See : http:huff.to/d8Hk1o
Just got emailed about the aws competition. Looking forward to that and Orlando. But first some other trips. Grateful!
So excited to cover #nycfashionweek !! I cannot wait!!
People who are meant to be together will always find their way back to each other.
Let me call Brittney.
Riveting presentation by former FBI agent Ali Soufan on victories of "informed interrogation"
Pee isn't directly related to wine, although we all have to go after drinking a few glasses, but it's sad to see grown adults fail to wash
Seasonal Affective Disorder is seeming less and less like a phony white-person syndrome.
Ah! The new Lip Service is up! Nobody bother me for the next 56 minutes.
Why couldn't the Heat just sweep the knicks
smoke me out
Pretty warm out here #dry heat
it ain't nothing serious
The Region 11 panel is taking a break.
i'd much prefer that it weren't ten thousand degrees outside today. alas.
i listend to it yesterday!!:)
Go for a walk with your dream. Spend time with it. Ask it how it's doing and how you can help it grow.
can you share the clip or the site. Have a great day
I hope I dont spam if I tweet his music to celebrities that tweet and RT fans imma do a couple to get him famous :)
i hope ur hungry, pilgrim.
well, imma go. bye.
thanks for a great show last night! Had so much fun, come back soon.
I know the feeling in this moment.
YES brunch and most romantic! RT : HEY did I see on that you have the brunch MOJO?
It's National Walking Day! Join us & downtown at noon at the World Trade Center for a celebration and walk.
Amazing DVD about your career!
Allison and I just saw Mud and died! It was amazing! Go see it!
Adele sets fire to the rain. I'd love to see that.
I'm not happy anymore paying for your "Evening #Netflix Congestion". I will cancel my service this week. (via )
Who's excited for #summercamp?
Scanner traffic fun dispatch of the night: "Caller's intoxicated wife is being disorderly and is pointing her finger at him."
A good lighting plan is key to making your basement an inviting gathering spot.
Discuss trends in retail and non-traditional outlets in Retail Sales in a Shifting Market -- Session starts NOW in O'Neil
My fucking sister and bro <3 !
I did! follow?
You have to be skilled enough & trained hard enough to know how many ways you can counterattack in any situation, at any moment Jimmy Smits
record store day one week away!
my friend Jackie says hey!
When did the History Channel become the dumbest channel on television?
Vincent will be recording guitar and we may possibly track vocals as well this Friday 13th if you still want to join us
I say what i want(:
Use your United Way Bluegrass Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Babycakes Cupcakes! All Caring Club members receive 10%...
Hate those days when your iPhone is at the verge of dying ):
Growth Pearl: Mending a broken heart requires positive attention on the heart. Join the Calm Heart community for support. -...
I just want to scream every profanity I can at the top of my lungs… Problem is, I'd run out of words before I felt better
Happy Tuesday! Starting the makeover on my chairs that I found on the side of the road! Bought some awesome fabric this morning! :)
Good morning everyone. Jeremy & I are moving to a new place and we've been busy last few days.....cleaning, painting, reason I've been MIA.
Thanks, Tim you made some great points on using government as a platform to collaborate with others to solve global solution
Unreal, what a finish! Going to be incredible 2nd leg next week.
I'm not making no breakfast lunch or dinner sound good thou
that bitch!
Good luck!
do you want to? :)
Bought 's Food Revolution Cookbook after watching tonight. Checked it out from the library but just had to have my own copy!
Copyright office finally mailing me a certification government likes to take their time
of course!!! Lets do this!
how much longer will he be in the big house?
good luck to all those running in the Broad St. run! I will be far away from the chaos :)
No offense taken! It's something we think about. But the ENP was a lifechanger for me at 25, so we wanted to give...
It just takes the life out of you : Q3) Rule 1: No Powerpoint...EVER. #lrnchat < powerpoint doesnt kill people... :)
- Great photo of you on the cover of Credit Union Business Magazine, Ondine. Can't wait to read your article.
congrats. I'll bet you crushed it.
These cookies took me 2 1/2 hours to make. But they are pretty good.
Congrats to all my friends graduating today. So proud of you all - and jealous. Mostly proud though hehe. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
haha I did too(:
girl, I miss you too. We have to hang out soon!
Take stoglin out. Taking the ball uncontrollably to the hoop without a pass is not the way to play.
#VMware pricing itself out of the market You want me to pay what for your licenses. Sorry no way.
hate school!
Thanks,Lindsay! Looking forward to #blogtrends chat tonight. Looks like a great one. You guys are killin it! See you there.
Just caught that! :) Saw several cabbies out today when I was running up to my store to look for something.
Bonnet had a running start and still hit him like a bitch
Perfect description. I have those days, too. Not today, but not infrequently.
thank you so much!
Thanks for getting out the word about the Yoga Aid Challenge!
ion think u know me shorty I just think you sexy so I followed u
doing ankle exercises for this chronic sprain lol and I don't think I made it better
Love is a math problem thats why its so hard to divide
Since when is it cute to announce that you're horny?
HOMIE!!! DO YOU LIKE MY SHIZ OR NOT?? IF NOT THAT'S ALL GOOD, NO WORRIES
He prob asked Brittney out RT :Why does have such a hard time saying good things ablout him?
you took me off your page, how childish..its twitter
I just came accross an article on what you're doing with I just wanted to say it's really inspiring!
I love shanika Jackson so much
Seattle's Discovery Park is closed following a cougar sighting. Wildlife agents are setting traps. (via ) never happened in NJ
Why were you calling 911?!
help me get 55 or more followers on instagram; Johannax33 <- follow me(:
LOVED the last scene of #gossipgirl ... Hoping the writers keep it up w/their shortened last season!!
Why does my work computer always freeze when I need it most?
Sleazy bb sex planned tonight and I'm the token bottom.
And our #charter cable isn't working again. Hasn't worked right in months. Low signal on mid numbered channels. So frustrating!
switching to beer will commence at 5 pm
New York border!
me too but fell for it
dylan holland. Lol idk if u figured out already since this convo ended a long time ago but thats his name. haha
D-line is depressing me. I would have thought the Pack would have really really wanted to hit him. I certainly do. Give me some fuckin pads!
Why does he look so good?! :-/
re:100th follower - REALLY hoping it's not sex-kitten-london...then again, maybe that might not be a bad thing...
Must not be bespoke... No, I don't have a clue what that means.
Not long to go before Last Night at the Proms at #Newark Palace Theatre Get your tickets for 28th January!
whoop! whoop!...lol... been meaning to write something about that & more, but haven't gotten to it. i will soon, though :)
that statement makes me feel as though I am in sone weird parallel dimension because it sure as hell doesn't match my reality
Yay I have some flan in my fridge :)
So sad to hear of Gary Carter's passing - will never forget the exuberance with which he played. RIP, Kid.
Good to see my brother back on the NY side of things
awesome job!!! I'm guest tweeter for your tweet made me think of a clue. I'm an honor student,know who I am?
you're very welcome baby.
Reis is actually only worth 4 points on its own
When no one tweets you <<<
oooooweeeee IM on the radio tomorrow!!!!!
And so it was told about storybook romancing & engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in "Real-Time".
your posts keeps me entertained and awake at work lol
Food is essential when studying! RT Ladies who brunch
u know nothing abt living mas
Good morning so tired lol
any way you guys can get a hash tag going for all of these winners?
To go out tonight or stay in.
Sometimes I can hear my bones straining under the weight of all the lives I'm not living.
I'm sure someone whose personal worth could sustain me for 10,000 years is just being misunderstood when talking about the poor.
just tweeting from my room.. youre the best for this!
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
The amount I'm about to fall asleep is primrose daisy cups mounted on a silver spoon.
maybe idk yet
Oh, I'm not a virgin.? Tell me more about how you know about my personal life.
Beatrix Potter was born this day back in 1866.
New January Specials at Advanced Skin and Body Solutions! Click on the "Specials" link to the left to see what we are offering this month.
starting a new job on Tuesday.. first permanent full time job ever. Pretty excited.
thts kool so wht time is it over there
“: VIDEO GAME LOGIC: Everyone worst than you is a noob and anyone better than you has no life.”
like dead fish and beer water. Delicious!
Just finished reading #TheBookofMormon cover to cover.
One Direction on MTV always makes me happy!
Wasted my gas.... TWICE
you are beautiful you know why?
#cough nah I don't #cough ;-)
today: smoked the half of the half i had left... i feel like i got cancer already lol
you are very welcome. :)
At a coffee house with friends. A guitarist is performing and I can only describe its as Huck Finn-esque. I like it!
RT": Everyone, this is where I'll be after work. Happy Hour anyone!? RT : I'll be at Blue Water Grill 2nite at 7pm!"
Uptown on the Ave. Just ran into an old neighbor told him bout basketball event on May 19. He calld another friend who home to ball
Hawks are gettn shitted on, awsome game to be at
Finally back to school! I'ma be honest, I missed having something to do... Time to find out if I made it into Women's Choir(:!!!
How is life? Strapped for time, or cash? Let's talk about a residual income business! www.seanspencer.isagenix.com
everyone is enjoying the pies :)
lol he kinda looks weird!
Finished listening to STARTED EARLY, TOOK MY DOG by Kate Atkinson. Magnificent!
Of school, work or both? RT : a day off -.-
Bout to go to bed tho.
Aight Jacksonville NC here we come. Over night drive.
just so. The perfect moments (Heighway->McDermott) live in our dreams, the imperfections give us hope for dreams to come.
me too ! I was curious if I would miss his first song
weird! :p some people are like that though.
Those are the fried biscuits-n-gravy sticks. They come with syrup. Hold me back...
Breaking down the barriers that define who we are, generalizing us as inferior.
Happy Sunday ok y'all need to stop playing and LIKE our fan page after/before u got to church god like when people do nice things
AW YEAH 69 likes
I'm ready to go to Texas Tech bro real talk
well I'm gonna sleep anyways. Aha GOODNIGHT MUMMY
Wednesday nights are my favorite <U+E405>
cincinnati welcomes you with open arms and I can't wait to see what you do from here what you do now is amazing
look I think the two standing should be Joshua and Phillip and then Phillip win... Joshua has a deal already on the table with Jimmy!
Longest week ever..
Poised Creation is always searching for new projects that will benefit our artists in the future!
Even when it all just falls apart, I will run to You, Cause I know that You are, Lover of my soul, Healer of my scars, You steady my heart..
Alcohol. Dogg this shit is re devil.
Why are X-Files fans such pricks? It was a great show for 5 years then it turned into crap, quit acting like it was the end-all of sci-fi.
Answer: yes, part of next steps RT are annotations stored as structured data, or just unstructured notes field?
[2Tim3:16-17] All scripture is given by FatherGod & is profitable for doctrine+reproof+correction that we may be perfect+full of good works.
$3000 that is a pretty good profit.
Gong meditation tonight at yoga village....always perfect.
If Usher's "Scream" is any indication of the fun times this weekend at Derby Sanchez, AdMo better watch out
You are the land. The land is you. -Merlin
The city is mine
Accident. someone went off the boniface off ramp om the side of the bridge.
I know but still :p <3
Broke my mp3 player today. Don't want to replace it with an Ipod. Need storage & bookmarks. Internet would be nice too. Any advice?
She said I dig you baby but I got to keep moving on
ill show you how to shut it... :)
Cinemax type of night
Her > weed
My entrepreneur vs job score has a difference of 6pts. Hm...
Women are now no longer worried just about financial security, but are looking for life experiences and the ability to be themselves
heart goes BOOM!!! :) Can't wait to see more. Definitely in the top 3 greatest nights of my life.
keeping busy with my internship and final projects for school, counting down to graduation and figuring out what to do next!
23 days of school left!!
Woke up early, found interesting job leads, rode the bike all over then yoga followed by veggie bowls at Pho 95 with a bestie.
I'm done studying again.
You're sleeping with the cats tonight. Oh, yeah. The cats sleep with us.
Hoping for a packed #yoga express tonight at 5:15pm! 45 mins of fantastic in greenfield.
even Jenny is always asking for u big Brotha
god willing and the creek dont rise yes!!!!!
what was the nature of her illness?
It's the green chile that makes it so good! RT : Why are green chile cheeseburgers so good?
Get ready!!! I am announcing the name of my new radio show on at noon est. As well as who my first guest is.
#yourebeautiful just the way you are. don't change<U+2665>
I wish I had - he was attacked by an angry mob. Hilarious!!
My whole day has been terrible, now it's ending terrible :(
Learning about the benefits of from about.me co-founder at
ty Brianna for all your amazing music!!
#old97s rocked tonight! Great show @ turner hall!
Whenever you call a fan do you call them private? If you dont they can get your # and share it with other people ;0
Passing the torch off today.
Ppl are always saying tomorrow will be better. My question is but what about today?
I keep my relationship low key. Face it, people don't really wanna see you happy & they'll do their damnedest to fuck it up.
when r u coming to NYC :,(
very funny movie, but 21 Jump Street is even funnier!!
Teens, let your voice be heard at the Kingsbridge Library's Teen Advisory Group! Today @ 4pm
No Money required--Just a belt! Raise His Pants, Raise His Image belt drive; Goal 150belts 4 SE Wash, DC school.Challenging all twitter fam
Thank you ! Just got the pkg you sent to my shop. So awesome. Wish it was still Christmas ;)
Going for an MRI this morning, why do they make these machines so small?
Does anyone have extra dice? Trying to combine truth or dare with craps. Still have no idea what "8 the hard way" means.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali"
He who loves not wine, women and song remains a fool his whole life long. Martin Luther, 1777
At The Parlor Market in downtown Jackson and I must say, I'm impressed. This menu would look great in NOLA or New York.
and you'd think they'd get beat up enough not to name their own sons that, but no. There are at least 3 Sackfields.
i have and i LIKE it!!! just sent you guys a note on facebook, write back yo!
Seau was the best to come out of the #760. Salute on your journey soldier.
i think this one is harder than the show choir final -_- . so many dang songs!
Welcome to the wild wild west.
The Twitterverse is quiet in my world. But I AM in Mexico :-) Yes!!!
like.. it's baseball. that stuff happens.let the guy throw more than one inning before you wanna cut his throat out.
so they do actually check for those, good to know.
- Thanks for the RT!
thank you love!<3
cannot wait for you to MURDER it on Friday.
Bill wins! Experience triumphs over youth
i just got a music pool getting mad ish right now!
Every clue starts with the letter B in today's crossword. It only took me 3/4 of a completed puzzle to notice.
i wanna go to! you never invite me :(
LMAO probably cuz you are blonde! but lol try something...you HAVE to have an aim!!!!
Seams like most of the top 11 picks have been from the SEC. So go ahead and preach bout the big 10 ;)
Official Study Declares Health Benefits of Chocolate, Just in Time for... As a result of this news, Gift Basket Ideas, Inc. now stocks a
Didnt u bring chantix or gum or patches?
The #supermoon brought out some extra crazy in Downtown L.A. tonight. In a strange deviation from the norm, none of it was on the Red Line.
Anyone doubting the status of employment in the US should go to an #unemployment office. All ages, genders, races here and it's packed.
Thank u for your reply! Looking fwd to your help getting services & paychex 2 Raleigh staff & cmty!
Zombie Prom + Happy Hour this year, join us, get sum delicious jello brains in ur cocktails! $30 tickets www.fremontstudios.com
Dominic Banks at Extreme Training is offering group classes! Premier training facility in the Pearl email
Don't forget to keep #TheCN at the top of your list when considering another #LMS that better suites your needs!...
Who would've thought, I'm actually getting sad about leaving
Blake Lalli making his MLB debut. Wonder what happened to Castillo?
#confessions: "Hard to be a vegetarian in the #South" & "I do eat bacon" - Kimberly Williams Paisley
RIGHT?! CAPS LOCK IS FOR STUDS.
Going to class at 6 pm is always such a struggle
Hey there, RB! Thanks - Our FL Chapter Board of Directors elected me to Chapter Chair(wo)man just three weeks ago. :-)
the way that you toss your hair gets me overwhelmed : D
Ever wonder if the kids who tag the walls of the blue line train realize they're straddling certain death just inches from 3rd rail?
Uhh YEAH I wanna roll with :)
Probably would have more community outreach staffers and fewer PR suits.
My dog opened the front door and got out I have been chasing her for a while now
Oh my gosh Cameron, you got a haircut! (I bet your mentions are filled with this, hahaha) :)
thank you do much! can't wait to stop in today!
My respect for you is now huge. YOU ARE A WINNER xoxo
Right... Lol! U ain't been in since Saturday before last Saturday.
Haha this lady was looking at me crazy while I was getting a pedicure.
Thanks for the new follow!
I look like I have problems lmao
U know what you did an what you tryin to do, how bout this im finna go break bread on my kids an erthang I buy is stayin wit me
There was no money to be had, even with the vaguely alternative haircut. Our peeps all posed for sheer glory.
Curious whether your SDGE bills have gone up much.
So much happening in San Diego this weekend. I'll probably hit Chicano Park Day & Roots Fest on Adams on Saturday; and Art Walk on Sunday.
LinkedIn invitations from recruiters: “Hello, stranger, please be my friend.” How about telling me what you are selling at the very least?
studio time will most likely be postponed for a bit. speed bumps you know?
lol go Irish!
My brain isn't wired for HTML.
Congratulations to all graduating IML Honors and Digital Studies students!
Don't know why everyone is writing off Dallas. They could have easily won both Games 1 and 2. Not over yet.
Girls, you need to have higher standards, find a guy that fits every single one of them.
My little sister got to get six! Smh!!!!!!!!!!! She YELLING!
Today will separate the men from the boys. We are clearly standing on the boys side.
Now watching Savoring Harlem on great special about the amazing food history & restaurants there yum!
hahaha this made my morning… RT : Auditioned for jazz band. Not enough soul.
We run this town.
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Mother's Day.
No, this is mustache :{D
Why the heck am I up right now?
I had to quit...found that I cheated way to much!
BioClinica Partners with Paragon Solutions to Create Clinical Architecture
Business over pleasure. I think I have issues.
North Carolina's offense looks so bad.
Teen Choice hosting tips: Don't tell jokes, just say the names of teen phenomena. Harry Potter! Glee! PLANKING!
what in the world does that mean? Haha
Yea. She's ok. She didn't die or anything, she's just much more angry at life now.
Couldn't care less. Assists that lead to a layup/dunk are far more valuable than assists that lead to a jumper.
"You're like a shotgun baby, pointed at my head. And those lips are suicide, but I just want to see you dead."
Any word on Sauer? I know he must be done for the year, but just wondering if he's even around the team.
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 11
ill be on ny phone as well unless there is a way to watch it live online?
OMG...did u c who was talking about u? #freechrisloesch Its like...OMG
THIS! RT I can only hope that today's move by Obama means he'll take more responsibility and act where he can.
HA jokes on you, I get an extra week of learning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Let me see ya funkay chicken!
Nope. There is photographic evidence. Wild to see some of these pics.
well, maybe try to get funding first. No need to go broke making it to a conference that'll happen next year too
maybe a little but we'd love to have you! RT : Hm I wonder if it'd be crazy to move to DC just so I can go to classes
Andrew Goudelock, a high scoring point guard from College of Charleston, had a workout with the Spurs, according to www.postandcourier.com.
I have a new attraction to septum piercings. What. I always thought they were gross. Some people can pull it off.
Oops, I guess that's what we call a twypo? ;) Happy to connect any time.
Lisa's am life's web
3 people from Asia and 1 from the middle east have me!
Sign-ups for Spring I adult season starts Sunday!!!! Don't wait until the last minute!!
#FF Thanks for tracking our 2 new Science Behind the News stories! Look out for them next week!
Insurgent by Veronica Roth just arrived!
nope :( two weekends from now though I will be haha you going home?
RT- Monster Truck show @ Lazy E Arena in Guthrie, January 7th & 8th! Come out & see a great show! For more info. visit lazye.com
Chocolate covered pretzels....
Love the new AVI pic Donna! Does this mean you love doing yard work or that you hate it like the rest of us do, Lol.
researching (and manipulating) instructional rhetoric from early 20th century "how to dance" manuals
I had my baby out real bold today looking extra good baby......
Very interesting: class is rarely discussed when it comes to the digital society.
We want Toonami!
passion for it anymore. Everyone knows music without passion isn't music at all.
Happy Reunion!
Stop signing along with the radio, you are not good at it
Is wondering whether a trip up to Tulip-land in the rain is a good idea
I think I heard that before...Like in the 70s...
Thank you too! I look forward to reading your tweets!
Sorry to year that. Hope he gets healthy soon.
Key to Start-up Success? Be Boring
damn haha you make me feel better about having four bags! #atleastI'mnottheonlyone
In Chicago for the #Bulls game against the #Philadelphia #76ers. Early tipoff for the #Sixers and the Joakim #Noah/ Derrick #Rose led
people have issues
Come hang out with the Rodney Richardson Trio for a 2nd night at Twins Jazz w/ Will Rast & Larry Ferguson!!
Downloaded a new Shall we date otome game from Cant wait to play it!
In the magical land of waffles, the fork retailer has a lot of power.
HYFR #YOLO #Takecare Drakes new album hits way too much at home from front to back!!!
Why are my legs killing me?! I didn't do anything to them. :(
My lesbian sister has a beer belly & a wandering eye. I'm afraid she'll grow back hair & I'll have to throw her barmitzvah.
Light weights are just as good for building muscle, getting stronger, researchers find
thanks for the coffee.
not sure! I will look into that.... do you have a link for it?
Anything that involved being anywhere at 5am in the morning is a violation of human rights.
Friend or Foe isn't a essay question...
just dyed my hair wanch....
Muchas gracias! It was great to be in a room with so many geogurus at #wherecampl. The support was much appreciated!
Poignant observation frm awardwinning author ;) RT Funny how children love to be chased, screaming. But adults? Not so much.
What zzup guys!
GOOD!!!!!!!!! I GOT TOO MANY FRIENDS
Take time every day to be still, to empty your mind, and to just be. Put away your thoughts.
Ottawa bitches!!!!!
RT COMPETITION Win REAL PRIZES inc an ITUNES voucher follow and RT
Amuson..why are u touching the ball?
It's a plan!
no lives in nyc...might have been his alter ego
good, how are u?
ps I heard you know my coworker, Betsy.
Never bite the hand that feeds you!!!!<=== unless the hand is bad! LOL
When I want to remember something important, I send myself an email a few days before or leave myself a cell message or text to remind me.
I Knoww What Is That?
My Prediction: will trend on Twitter this weekend.
yeah I know. I appologize.. I was a bit stressed with school that I didn't really pay attention to twitter. But hey I'm back :]
She made a "McGangBang"...
I AGREE.
...Coming soon, one of my new year resolutions!
anti-social networking
Grammy's!!!!!!! So excited they are doing a tribute to Whitney houston! You never know your last day!! So live every day like your last!
reading drafts for some of the students who started their papers early.
Keep it in!
Gorgeous day out! Off to get a haircut
Christina Hendricks...*drool*
I swear RT Watchin the Pacers is like watchin the Spurs......Miami need to get these niggas gone
that shit was dumb ass hard!!
When Some One Really Likes You, But You Don't Like Them Back...
Good luck!!! Btw, I applied for a job in Pewaukee(-Quail ct. behind Mobil), I will definitely try Bubba's if I succeed :-)
“: Why'd you go for 2? Because they wouldn't let me go for 3.” > - Woody Hayes! Go Bucks!
I'm living vicariously through your #AMIA11 tweets.
“: .....it seems like I'm a horn dog when I'm half asleep...deer god” preach it
Well, Star Trek comes out next Friday, so that's some good news! :)
Is there something I should know?
RT : Gary Neal will miss final two regular season games with left shoulder stinger. He's not on trip to Phoenix/Golden State.
I've been acting so weird these last few days bc of it. I had some retail therapy all day... Still feel like crap.
Just watched Religulous it was amazing
“: get ready to ball when I get back” just kno I'm taking no Ls at the Rec
Thank you to everyone on Warped Tour, we had a great time. Thank you for all of your support, we will see you soon!
Why am I not hearing about more events for ? Come on, Pittsburgh. Let's put Pittsburgh on the map in the beer world!
It was great seeing you this weekend!!! I had fun with you guys:)
Ferrer is having the christmas concert that day so I was hoping I could go...
Coworkers playin whitney..Cool
U are not fucking with I aint no need to pretend, it's obvious im better cold like a dish of revenge
hes good for Jersey sales That's it
Why are women so damn hard-headed!!?? If you would just listen sometimes!!
OK EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOUR DOING IS ONLINE!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Hey Pat!! Long time. How are you?
#dontuhate when somebody's status is the lyrics of a song and you read it and get the song stuck in your head?
Lol....what channel r u watching?!
This dam HW blowing me!!
I'm sure he was thrilled to hear it too. : )
I'm flexin on my ex, if you know what imean!!
Who's ready for some football?
NSU is doing a great job with being the 1st HBCU to host the RA Conference! Hollins U. loves your welcoming spirit.
Indianapolis, we are playing at The Vogue Jan 20 with The Lemonheads. We have pre-sale tickets so please email us at
Im with you, but if the Yankees start blowing saves in september, might go the other way
hey! Come find me in the back w red plaid
Today is my Friday, so I wish everyone a WONDERFUL wkend! Mom and Dad should get here @ 8PM and the fun will begin!! Have a good one!
goodnight hun.. Talk to you soon
Welcome Home.<3
Let me think about it. I'm not into scary books. But I'm sure I have a few.
Shock claim: Economic power swinging back to America, says Ambrose
“: #Aquarians are fearless when they want something”
Yay!! Thanks Joy!! Go joy!!
Thx #Erin for my last tweet
Greenville to Baton Rouge
i didnt say i didnt like it &it's a freakin poster of RONNIE RADKE y wouldnt i put it up even if he looks better on the cover
!!! RT In honor of Chris Berman's birthday, I'm going to spend all of today completely mailing it in at work.
sorry I couldn't make the stream :(
Getting overwhelmed. I just want to quit. All of it. Everything. But that isn't an option. Yet I am still overwhelmed. Oh, what to do?
Thank you Oakland and Disco Volante...you remind me why I play music.
nope can't do it
No seat.
My sleep schedules so fucked up! Godddddaaamn.
OMG. Duh!(: how could I forget!? & AH I Wish I could be there right now! :/ we would probably get kicked out.(;
I was at work all day and I've never been to one of those ..... lmao so no.
tha gurl with fake boobs nd blonde hair taller thn u turned out to be a cheat ;p
Its ya lil woddy plies baby!!
I wonder if a boy ever looks at me is thinks "wow, she's beautiful."
*mmmmuah* Love you. You are the BEST. :-)
Im glad I didn't lose hope on my #Lakers <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080> good night lovely ppl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+263A>
follow me?
What's the action? There isn't one... It's a paradox!
amen to that!
I'm Jill, reference temp at a community college library.
Kevin Richardson from The Backstreet Boys turns 40 today. My husband played Chicago with him. He said he's nice.
I am dedicating today and tomorrow to lost sleep due to chronic insomnia and illness. 2 melatonin pills, do your thing!
#nw Comedy tour with kevin hart , cedric the entertainer, deray, tommy davidson, Aries Spears.
way to go terps! NCAA Field Hockey National Champions!!
I do too but I think that can change with time. Hes just so athletically gifted he could be so good
why do I have to make a trip you haven't come down here once smh, ppl these days lol
thanks, we are looking into it!
No I'm in VA right now
u reppin home in the rite way...south philly babe!!!!
recently read Evolution of Calpurnia Tate. Really, really enjoyed it.
"We are all connected through story..." Inspired after mass.
I know when nightwing says manuever 6 I was like boss but now no jla on earth gonna be better
Felony jobs $15-$98/Hour Jobs For Felons Apply Today - Start Tomorrow
i loved you cover taylor issues :DD please follow me and (; we love you<3
1 to 6 tonight mention this tweet and get an iced white mocha HALF OFF!
it seems faculty is not immune to Spring Break fever.
Three sure things in life... death...taxes...and the NFL.
Anyone know how to block/remove the photo "download" button option on Facebook photos? I think it's new. Dislike.
Love hearing songs on the radio that I've shot the music video for. Just caught the Josh Turner video I did on tv for the 1st time!
Thank you! <3
stop down to Marquette sometime tonight... I will be back down there later
It's just after 8
#15peopleilove #1 my mom. Im so thankful for everything she does for me. She means the whole world to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> happy mothers day.
Well in that case, i'll just stop retweeting them, just for you.
Wow, the improved internet speed even makes cnn's mobile site tolerable.
Good to see you 2! Lunch was fab...as always!
Gong Show Movie!
Why in the hell would you do you beautiful woman?
Happy Steve Appreciate Day!
"Conventional show-biz savvy held that Americans hated to be the objects of satire." Carroll O'Connor
Why are the refs favoring Purdue so heavily?
I Bet Is Balling Her Eyes Out );
saw the last tweet oh shit my spelling is terrible :/ ehhehehehheheh i need ti get a life SIKE (:
I am taxed to the extreme
Bigger and better things are - better. Way to go.
Yes sir keep doing it man! Sounds good!
#MarvelousMonday you sexy beast!!! :)
Anup! Yeah, we're pretty stoked to get to come hang with you and your peeps. Should be a rad show!
a girl named Ryan who is in my grade
thanks! I appreciate it :)
Just arrived at KNS!!!!!
Shoes, Boots, Sandals, Designer Shoes &amp; Handbags - Payless Shoes
RT? : OK WHOS REALLY SMARTER HUMANS OR ANIMALS? I GIVE IT TO DEEP SEA ANIMALS - Lil B
cause it feels good out(:
oh totally. (sarcasim)
This is a joke right? I seriously can't tell.
Magic Johnson put it best for after pregame meal: it's good to get off your feet, but stay upright. No nap, just relax & visualize the game.
Bottle Rocket would be 3rd for me behind Royal Tenenbaums and Rushmore.
Block walking in Irving with great volunteers!
I'm usually the only one in LA who gets excited when the weather is something other than sunny. Reminds me of home.
off to school! because all kids need to stay in school and not do drugs LMAO
For my first use: is a hopeless fopdoodle.
Congrats! Next step is to visit me to figure out your next step :)
My go kit so rules.
we are too!
Days like today make me very excited for #summer 72 degrees with a warm breeze! #ThanksGlobalWarming!
what issue are you having the app?
