you're welcome, I hope you had a wonderful birthday. :-)
oh No!!! I'm right where you left me, sewing kit standing by.
SO excited for my new job I can't wait!!
"Wine is sunlight, held together by water." - Galileo Galilei
Older? What do people think KG will get as a FA this off-season?
Want to know how much stuff we get at the MOMS Sale? Check this out!
Twitter :GoodNight!;)
"You're like Benny the Jet of Almonds." - Best compliment ever.
Im fic this bitch asap
Almost 5pm? How did that happen? Not that I'm complaining...
We're all stumbling towards the light with varying degrees of grace at any given moment. -Bo Lozoff
Maybe it's just me, but do you agree? Most people would GLADLY donate what they've made for circulation in libraries.
Definitely anti-penny! RT : Go away, snail mail. Also, I'm anti-pennies. Who's with me!
RIGHT! and we gonna need some new Ci merchandise this era
hahaha weird is IN! :P
Back to business as usual comes Monday! Get up get out and get that PAPER!
it can't hurt right?
i hate that i miss him so much. Cuz i know i shouldnt.
Yes! MT : #Mizzou wins the Big 12 tournament 90-75 over #Baylor. Great coaching job by Frank Haith...Should they get a 1 seed?
On the "fast" boat from Tallinn, Estonia to Helsinki, Finland w/EJM. 3 days of recording starting 2morrow. Hang tight 4 some tracks shortly.
I need a nap...
If you have a favorite credit report jingle, I think it's safe to say we're not friends.
nytnyt and sweet dreams lil sissie telana~ hope you had a great day~ love you so much my dear lil sis <3
Just catching up on #MadMen 508. Poor Pete, that crumpled romantic, hedged in by his blue blood sensibilities & blue suit sense of style.
Where the fuuuuuuck is and ?!
Thanks #wits for all the fun, funny stuff and fantastic music.
Pink Ivy
You guys been in touch w Deb A?
Check back with us later today for the launch of our new blog!
Seeing randomly at arbys. >>>
BREAKING: Hanson not running in #preakness. Of course, he didn't run in #KYDerby, either...
Greinke done after 7 innings – 14th straight Miller Park start in which he won't take a loss.
Happy Aloha Friday! :D
at my new white chick moma house waiting on the food.to finish :)
so hey again watevere sup
It was exhausting and it rained one day... a very long day, but such a good experience. I love going behind the scenes at museums.
I hope you feel better soon.
Discussed economic development, education and neighborhood issues with Mayor Soglin. Smart guy!
Heartbreaking stat: for every service man or woman killed in line of duty two commit suicide once they're back home.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Watching Wes Anderson movies like it's my job. Because, this week, IT TOTALLY IS.
Dinner with the
NEWS OF THE WORLD DECLARES WAR ON VOICEMAIL PASSWORDS
Need a Broker proxy for Barb??? Count me in.
Johnson on Uthoff's decision to transfer: "This news is totally surprising, to say the least."
Remember Facebook fans get in free - print out the coupon under PHOTOS.
you got playoff game predictions for me today
I just woke up :p
Once again a ref feels the need to decide the game himself.
hope it's not texting and Driving lol
Omfg Give Me Your Hand is coming out on my birthday??
Has anyone noticed how much has improved as a broadcaster ? Hard work pays off.
It was probably chip.
This is what he did back in the day. Nice to see a return to form.
I love you
Feeling good about my decision.
That's the great thing about meatballs they are such a versatile food!
#kids Kids Menu 1/2 Price at Humperdinks Richardson and Dallas Brewery at Humperdink's Restaurant, Sun, May 20 11:00a: Kids Menu Meals...
omg loll this is about to be too funny hahahah
like mad hungry!!!
The #Redskins just bet the farm...hope RG3 is worth it.
where were you today
Milla Jovovich although I don't care for the RE series I still watch it...
If your visiting make sure to let us know you are following us!
Live in Joy, In love, Even among those who hate.
haha cuase I own some NY Cosmos gear?
Attending the
haha..yes. Kind of. Free all week next week though. SUSHI.
I would like to read it sometime :) I'm sure you'll get a great grade... A++!
Wow the shit people say sometimes.
sweet guy= friend zone...asshole guy= boyfriend... lession learned dont b a nice guy if you actually want a girl
Can anyone find the DSLTAG site for #QR t-shirts?
Come on hoosiers!!! Let's do this!!!
Come say hi at the spokane Arena Concourse at Saturday's game!
SODA BAR $10 TONIGHT LOTUS PLAZA WYMOND MILES MIRROR MODE
Just spilled bubble tea down the front of my shirt. Today is not my day!
... in addition to leading the Texans to the 3rd ranked total offense of 2010. * head -> desk *
I want the Guitar Pick Necklace and Those Bracelets & Wristbands so Badly! :( But I don't have money. :(
You should never lose the aspect of friendship while in a relationship...thats when they call it marriage!
definitely a comment on WV.
what do you mean?
I am the best! Great great great great!
here doing my hair & you
I'm n Kentucky. Family is in Indiana
Both and need to hurry up in finishing and releasing their new albums already!
dang if that accident was in real life it would be much worse
Pawcasso Art Auction this past Sat. was a big success! The 2 pieces I donated were both bought for over 3x my suggested retail value!
I think the streets will really love "Like That" you have
I know right?
Sometimes the travel is better than the arrival
#FF A TOUT LES LITTLE MONSTERS <U+2665><U+2665>
sxsw dates are up gahhhhh i need hotel!
Wed.posts are finished with 112 cappers with action going tonight and we have 2 NHL consensus and 1 college on Creighton...See ya at the Win
I'm so mad that we couldn't take pictures! I wanna so ditch class to see him tomorrow but I can't! >_<
you win! LOL
shouldn't you be paying attention to the road and not tweeting?!
"The question isn't who is going to let me, it's who is going to stop me" Oh Ayn Rand.
Dude where's my car?
We bout to eat lunch
I wonder if they're going to do one on Fukushima in 20 years...
thanks for the rec! I basically only read my audioart list... you should follow it!
#mybigfatgypsywedding is fabulous for #accents plus the culture. My not-so-secret indulgence.
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @ .
just a cool move by Magic
Rise & Grind! Working through the weekend! Chasing your dreams doesn't take weekends off!
"Mirrors dont show progress, they just show how much work is left to do"
God has Great plans for me!!
My math teacher just put our assignment on the board, told us to work in groups and then left. Awesome. Third class that she hasn't taught..
Surely he could break skin on knuckles in self defence, fighting off attack. And no, no justification for murder.
To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet & mental approach
Lol call me chump
Do you want to stay the night? I'll cook for you.
wait til I show u the photos of when I was her for Halloween in 4th grade...and why the heck parents let me do that?!? No idea
Monday gonna be crazy
Hi Laura :) I got your comment and I'd be excited to check out your blog etc I will be back with you by early next week :)
when u coming to Tallahassee fool since u didn't come last month?
I charge royalties you know.
Love doesn't hurt. It's the one you're choosing to love that's hurting you.
happy birthday
We still have a good 4 or more client accounts hosted with , no worries!
i've got similar problems - javascript, ruby, a little java, a little php, a little of this, a little of that
We have lots of Gluten Free options as Elizabeth is GF!
which is too late?
Now I know that I'm not, all that you got... <3
you will man. I just gotta find a whip lol. I cant ever find a ride.
Worked w her recently, Octavia Spencer is super deserving and humble (unlike me, name dropping in a tweet)
follow me okayys
Bout to go see the unstoppable hopefully it's good. What are y'all getting into tonight
Good morning, Rochester! 75 and sunny - perfect day for a boat ride in Pittsford.
Going to look at a potential office space on Tuesday. I am SO EXCITED, you guys. Time to grow this biz.
Lots of notes from the pre-locking viewing. OMG Fresh eyes can tell you a lot about your film. Still a lot to do before we hand it off. Wow!
Christmas is over... Here we come New Year's!!!
devin said snoop dog is "cold" as fuck lmao. cold supposedly means cool lol
Eddie had ol girl in the front rows panties flooded, lol
Breaking News from AP: Supreme Court will rule on Arizona law targeting illegal immigrants.
Thank you for your support in vendor village at the #MLK celebration we <3 YOU
Maybe Nathan Fletcher should run for the Gov. of New Jersey. :)
Do you think they would frown on Black Tea? (I'm kind of dragging here)
I wonder how many more AB's Devin Mesoraco would have if Dusty Baker wasn't the manager.
how's it going?
Fridayy morning :D Have a great day :)) <U+2665>
See you at Stanford!
Oh. My. God. A giant journal just accepted my paper.
He might be made at me; bc I ain't get a call last night or today um
Then lets talk ! haha. (:
Did any1 go to the free LMFAO concert? It wuz AWESOME!!!!!!! It wuz so full but really reall awesome!!!! !!!! RT!!
haha RT Johnny Depp was just voted the Sexiest Man Alive by People Magazine. In related news, I am still in my pajamas
Disagree with these analysts. What sense would it make to attack Romney until you're the clear number two?
only is you run out of whiskey...
are you out?!
Any musicians in the Hudson Valley interested in buying a Marshall cab?
We figured! What a LOSER! Making up lies about other cappers all day!
It's us against the world right now
Silly Hoe, he will never love you.
Congratulations to Alex Broun! Two of his plays were selected to be performed in Take Ten! Talented Australian playwright www.alexbroun.com
that's great, Ann! Good luck to her!:)
Pink is fantastic! Thanks for sharing!
It's #FlopCity time in LA!!!
I agree.
needs to get his ass somewhere safe like NOW!
Another track is pretty much finished up for the album. It's called in the mood
thanks so much for the follow! We appreciate it.
Just wanna lay down and be anti social
Members Card Golden State +8 (25 units)
Valentine's Day is right around the corner. Have you found a gift for your someone special? Visit Massage Envy Spa Cottonwood today!
Just to let you guys know someone has hacked my page and it's sending messages randomly . Don't open those messages, they contain a virus.
hey you. How's your day so far?
"They spend your money and tell their friends everything. It's about economics!". I love you, Cameron Crowe
Was eating out alone, server struck up a conversation, ended my night with "Katherine Westlake, you are cool as hell." #nolongerbummedout :)
Kinda mad I stayed up watching that game. Feel like causing some trouble...
People who masturbate more are less likely to be depressed
I wonder how Gary Williams (undrafted) is doing compared to the other lineman drafted in 2009.
call me
Beautiful Background. Thank you for following me <U+2665>
RT : It's official. This beard does have powers. <-- Powers for good or evil?
I thought you were going to be in L.A. today
Oh man it just hailed on us outside right after soundcheck
When you first start exercising you may feel tired, but once your body adjusts to it, you will get MORE energy and be less tired!
I wanna marry a country girl haha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
#teamsundays killed it again
Are you trying to ruin my day?
As good as it gets one of my favorite Jack #
good morning!(:
Nope, b/c I'm a Sammy girl. Well, Seasons 1-4 anyway. Now I'm just "please let this ep be decent" girl.
-- how 'bout more "twaining?"
hey Mi Corazon its Jr you should follow me
Gotta go with Hakeem Nicks. And that's coming from a Hines Ward owner
I guess the job search comes next? Or are you lucky enough to take the summer off?
Getting ready to get my haircut!
Yes, I "liked' it.
#WeWontWork if you won't try
Philly311 Testimonial: You guys have excellent service... I 100% love the service. -May 4, 2012
Billy on the street is my favorite, did I spit in your eye oh okay good
Education... has produced a vast population able to read but unable to distinguish what is worth reading.
If you know how much I love you...
Prepare meals that don't easily get spoiled & can be recycled.
#phonetag your it;) no tag backs(:
Haven't had to personally but IIRC advanced degrees, published papers, endorsements from someone noteworthy in the field all help
They live in California. lol
Just to add insult to injury, the end of #me3 seems to have crashed my Xbox.
LOL! Don't worry, I'll be working on a split English version this weekend. :)
Get A Job Here.
I was early but metro is late.. Waiting..
Killing my dishwasher with draino and diet coke, an exciting life I live
Who's awake.
Whoever is righteous has regard for the life of his beast, but the mercy of the wicked is cruel.
Let's go ! Beat those silly coyotes!
sure :D i love spaghetti!
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: keep the audience in mind first.
I #lovelove Blake introduces Miranda. Sweet for Valentines and
"Jesus fuck" is probably my all-time fave curse combination. Glad to see someone else enjoys it.
King Felix doesn't disappoint. Ever.
Lol Hamise . . However you spell his name
I will be there
ok well. I'll keep an eye out and let you know if I have any contacts in SF to help.
What's Good Buji
girl, i had been working.
I am staying away from that. Not gonna do it, wouldn't be prudent.
Inspire always. RT #JustForToday I Believe in someone else
December 27th - Pop Burger - Sha Stimuli Listening Party ...
where you moving in GA?!
Hearing mrs.nash got laid off <<<<<<<
Nah RT:Griffin is terrible lol
Ok, there yu have it. that was my last tweet! good night ya. #Teamnosleep #Teamfollowback #LastKings. Deucez~~
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30pm! Irish Trivia Question of the Day: What year was Ireland first represented at the Winter Olympics?
Thanks for the follow, Jason! Enjoy your day :)
You're quacking me up :P
Gettin down with and then and at !!!
: The article addresses obvious economic issues. It is accessible if you make a free account (no paywall).
and what would that be :-)
trying to finish business plan for this amazing product. AUTOMATIC BOTTLE OPENER! GO GET TWISTED!
Fuck LAX. Seriously the worst airport in the country. Worse than Denver, worse than JFK, worse than Atlanta. WORST.
Hm, well I do get around. :)
Why does send out a news alert when Cliff Robertson dies but not for news that poverty rate at highest level since 1993?
If an icon has a lightning bolt, when I press it I expect lightning bolts to come out of my phone and smite my enemies.
Awesome! RT : Love the guy at starbucks. He always says, "my pleasure " to my requests.
Well say my good byes and I'm off to the house; I'll visit tomorrow to see the baby
Patti Smith featured on Anyone see it?
LMFAO... This is too true
Soo, I got smoked in the face with a ball in P.E today. Fml. #meatballpower :)
woah! That's
he's tweeting the same thing in this picture isn't he?
kesha is a bitch too!! Dumb hoes lol Im mad yo !! She is trying to hard to be liked!! All them hoes are fake !! Shawnee too lol
RT I wish I could see every night in real life and not just on tour life thanks baby I wish too!!
Didn't want OT tryin to sleep and shit..
I was too dehydrated/frazzled to remember to take photos after but things look so great in the new place. I'm thrilled!
on is down. No es bueno.
#indieview The Pickwick Papers is hilarious!
South Carolina!
Woo-hoo ! (Don't tell LA I'm rooting for the hometown team!)
just read an article and watched a video about psychopath kids made me get the chills so bad...
Its tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme that's right on time it tricky. Tricky. Tricky. Tricky
#MyPastRelationships have been hell.
Lalaalaaalaaalaaaaa ... I'm bored -.-
correction, this weekend: making mason + making movies
So why don't you all sit down, listen to this tale I'm about to tell.
Teaching Research Methods in a First-Year Critical Thinking Seminar is my 9am. Interactive approach in 1st 30 secs is a good sign!
The workplace Twitter account picked up the most interesting bots over the weekend: music preferences in bios, & quoting mostly Shakespeare.
When fat girls were shorts when it's not even hot out
Very excited about "Rembrandt in America," looks like it's going to be a great exhibition!
Well, this is boring. Celtic fans are so thirsty! Thanks for that!
thank you! Only here for 50 minutes though :(
Bridge is written!!! In the studio recording reference piano parts before I lay the drums in.
looks at RT: Sorry junior, I already ruined ya....
Great pick cowboys! Claiborne baby!
Also, that's the closest thing I've had to ____cast in about 10 months. So thank you.
Law practice leaves little time to market? Each day get to the office an hour early and dedicate this time to executing your plan.
Listening to talk about cloud computing at
Leave stella alone, you guys blow EVERYTHING out of proportion. Chill out.
#TIIP4P Lance Dublin: ever hear of the job description "learner"? Why do IDs keep calling their audience learners?
kudos for awesome #t101medialife reference to Bradbury's The Veldt, about people living in a mediated house: Happylife Home
My non-twitter friend asked me if I've talked to on here yet. I started laughing. Holy Grail status remains intact!
You can't cut me off! I need my next (illustrated) fix!
Sounds awesome! Our rush has been very successful. Best of luck this semester -Beta Iota AKPsi
Barry Lutz here w/ the Barry Lutz show! Bring The State back!!!!
what have u been up to?
The Silk Tie likes Matt!
I stay #Adidas Out !!!
": Only 4 more days to enter your dorm/apt into our Dirtiest Dorm contest." Too bad I went on a spree
Thank you! The feeling is mutual!
Follow up q: do we get to "dispose of" Joe Buck?
is hot
Next up is SharePoint Collaboration!
screwdriver in hand, laptop in pieces, hard drive sounds like a rattle.... where's that god damned easy button now?
I'm Kinda Disappointed .
Never Say Never.,!
that sounds amazing.
TT getting the job done!
only if I can relate it to American Studies somehow.
Is excited about launching a new Green Key Real Estate office in Santa Cruz!
Hearing her voice brightens my day!
4th times a charm! BEST time yet!!!!
Minneapolis, MN = 76F. San Juan, PR = 79F Seriously... what is up with this weather? I mean, I'm not complaining, but it's kind of worrying.
That's another crap call...
Maybe women of color should focus their spending power on brands that represent them!
I drank chocolate milk but I don't want to fall asleep ._
you see the wobble wobble clip on my page?
Any other Library with a Facebook Page noticing that wall posts are no longer always appearing in your Fans’ regular newsfeed?
What if the prompt is more general for all of the students & they have to find docs to flesh out the beliefs of their individual?
F.I.S.H=Fuck It Shit Happens.
follow back fam!
#AIMSTech12 We (teachers) know what to do. Do we? What are some of the best ideas in education... Let's hear some...
Watching the NBA semi-finals in downtown Elkhart Lake. Feeling like an outsider in this towny bar.
I just cant sleep with this on my mind.. im almost 18.. #CanIWakeUpFromThisDream #OhYeahIt'sLife
I begin to taste Vancouver's sadness
It's confusing RGIII wears
ha I would kill for some huevos rancheros right now....
OMG did you hear that? RT : Beef awareness day or something. They were also selling beef sandwiches. (Re: Cow on Lowry)
Thanks baby :) RT : happy mothers day &amp; ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I think they did miss the last decade. Weaver had one good postseason with Cardinals, right?
welcome to the Cool Crowd!
i do. they stand a better chance than the old ass celtics. lol but neither really have a chance regardless. cake walk.
boom got another;) follow!
Picks in action: Nationals, Braves, Nets+11.5, Heat-16
Many historians believe soccer originated in China around 1000 B.C.
haha me too, I use reverse look up to try and figure out who I missed. It doesn't always work.
Monetizing Mommy Core? This is a thing?
We're home from our week at Disneyland... for those who knew and for those who didn't. (Husband didn't want me announcing our empty house.)
Anyone sending pitches to me on a Monday...just FYI, they get lost among 1,000s of others. Early bird doesn't get the worm in my inbox.
Emotion Will Start The Motion of Any Movement...If You Support Love, Peace, & Knowledge Follow Us!Lets Change the World. #Global Unification
One thing that will never change: the love for my family.
she's such a tranny! I LOVE it! Lol
Listened to the whole album and I love it! And by the way, you qualify in any mood I'm in:)
Haha. I hope the food police at least got good food rewards for their efforts. . .
Where are they? Couldn't find them in the program.
39% of #pet #parents say they have more photos of their pet than of their #spouse or significant other.
hehe ^^ we were together for about 1 year ^^
#ChildHoodMovies Labyrinth, Willow, Goonies, Never Ending Story, Adventures in Babysitting, Lost Boys
Life to short tell friends and family u love them every second
about to go ride my bike wit my mommy for a lil while!!!
If you use web-based version, go to settings, add account. Not sure about desktop version.
Ta YOU LOOK SO FIERCE
At the movies
Looking forward to autograph session at #LSP Sat with and the rest of !
A relationship is not a test so why cheat
We need to get "Steamroller" shirts before the playoffs start.
double trouble .. I had crush on the twins
damn just forgot abput me;(
Our Re:tail Thrift & Consignment Shop has moved! Please join us at 4646 Menaul Blvd today for our Grand Re-Opening.
Thank you for officially creeping me out..
Tomorrow FREE clinic with Coach Winterton for all registered players in the IRT Florida Spring Break ProAm.
Good Night !! SCHOOL IN THE A.M
Off to 2 meetings at Panera and then a late lunch! Hope the place isn't too crowded.
I love Stick To Your Guns. Glad I got their stuff on my Pod today.
kind of! But it's super cutesy girly
75 and suicide? if he would have waited a week or so it probably would have taken care of itself
me too!
dick. in. yo. face
pleasure to meet you Pat!
RT : Congrats, Q2 winner , DM us with your address so we can send your prize!
Oh man. All the awesome science I learned. I didn't? Did I forget tying my shoes too?
I get it. Ball and fall rhyme. Glad to see you read your Dr. Seuss books as a child.
this fly is working my nerves !
beautiful. The view over the bay is possibly the best thing about the Cape, out of a gazillion other options.
Life = Adidas + Nike <U+2192> "Nothing is impossible" so "Just Do It"
thanks, you, too!
Just finished my last high school final!!
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
The high school league is played in Newtown Square. The next session starts in June. What school do you goto?
"Ya wanna make it in the #AdBiz, you better get used to old white men talking."
Wow. Interesting. RT Washburn told Memphis' DL coach that Poe is better than Haynesworth was at this stage of his career.
I am completely thrilled how about yourself.
Cape Air Flights a Hot Ticket
Congratulations to board member, Leslie Walker Hirsch who was chosen to present keynote address at the NM Grdianshp Assoc Summer Symposium!
well, I didn't mean it...
Ey people finished homework so yeah hehe now I'm gunna read iB fan fictions yeah buddy:)
sittin at hanks ready for this show!
Flying solo for #happyhour totally lovin' it! :)
YES “: My prediction was 2-1, Convey and Sapong with the goals. Make it happen, Sporting.”
put all 6 megaman games on iphone app store please ha i would love to play thrm when i go on big trips megaman 3 is the best
he should
Crazy that this exact statement was on my mind just now. So true. RT : Action > Words
The more I watch, more it feels like NYR is just gonna slowly choke out WSH in 5 games.
They got made cause i didnt want to go to Pride LOL
Back to bed. :)
Wow, project much?
My dude I'm faded, faded, faded.
I know I did...Kaiden just seemed like he had such a generic personality...just had no ties to him
They don't talk about it because they know I'm right but they're afraid to agree.
No matter how dirty your past is, your future is still spotless. -- Jin Tropia <U+262E><U+2764><U+25B2> ()
CAP = COMMUNITY ACCEPTANCE PROGRAM -- This New 'Alternative to the Criminal Justice System' is Coming to America in 2013.
Do you have any favorite events coming up in Tucson? Share them with us, and we'll add them to our calendar!
RT Thanks for the help! As a newcomer, I welcome the suggestions!
A1: personally believe trad. org model does not deliver against org. goals but dept goals (contd)
you gotta love working til midnight the day before school starts, and not being able to fall asleep at all.
Looking for the story you did on the Ella Newmiller 5k race at Millbrook HS on Sat March 24. Can you provide me a link? Thanks!
sunday sangria! deeeelish. i need a spanish wife,so i can it make for her. holla when u find her for me.
Saying "Boss" all the time, and bieber hair
God bless all those firefighters that risked it all and might not get Social Security oh how soon we forget!
OH <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> RT : Guys with tongue rings must like penis.
Shout out to !!! She's the best!
Have to admit. I feel pretty good about nominating 's Where Things Come Back for this year's award.
agreed!!! there's nothing sexier than a female without eyebrows
oh yummy that smoothie sounds fantastic
Late Night Early Mornings!
You're very welcome! Thanks for mentioning us :)
#BELIEBERS are awesome! They are so nice to me too! has some pretty legit fans(:
You have to teach me how to make jam! I want to learn!
Never forget: the map is not the territory. Also, you're probably looking at it upside down.
Special Shout out to the homie from krown records security osito happy birthday ma boy
with people like me for 24hrs. So much info. Im on the right doing readings, Also looks like my heart is about to break into pieces. :'-(
Ah....sun! Is summer finally here?
Cosmology, dark matter, empty space?
Thanks for the Follow Real-time #CRE Data from
that will cost extra
Congrats on making the Greek Week Finals! They are nominated for best props, flats, choreography, actor, supporting actor!
To say the least. :)
how dare you
Good morning #Beliebers!! How will you fucktard douchebags will ruin today??
I have a love-hate relationship with beer. I love it but I don't hate it.
Whateva I do..its done
Congrats to our friends on yesterday's college fair at UIC! One day = thousands of students helped and inspired.
While we are at bottom of the rankings for job loss, walker keeps pointing to CEOs saying things are good. We don't want a CEO driven policy
Sequel to 's book on Patrick Henry: Billy Cundiff, First Among (NE) Patriots.
Camp Gladiator kicked my ass today. Ready for Addison tomorrow...bring it!
Who's ready for the to put the ball in the net tomorrow night? I AM.
ma why can't ur tweets be RT???
Eastwood makes me feel guilty for even considering buying a foreign car.
anyone wanna chat? im slightly bored :D
Is ready to landscape the property! I can't wait for the day when I no longer have to look at the neighbors house!
RT - Today Los Angeles, in one week: New England for #RedSox vs #Yankees and then #Patriots vs #Giants. Almost jealous of ...
youdabes! Love ya!
When you almost start crying in English <<<
Gentleman, there is only one thing a man can do in a time like this, go buy new suits!
U can follow me. then I can follow u. Now you my boo -_____-
I actually just did exactly that 2 weeks ago. :)
Thanks! RT : 's drinks are a-maz-ing! That green tea vodka is so yummy.
Good morning! Hungry? Egg McMuffin Sandwiches are now buy one get one FREE!
Cintolo begins argument with remark that lawyer's statements are not to be construed as evidence.
I need someone to make me laugh
Cozette is feeling very sly this morning. No telling why. :)
Can't believe Jett Jackson is on
Gotta pay attention and practice for when your letter comes. I know mines just a few years late! ;D
Come to Sabbatic and let loose. You braved 10 ft of snow, angry polar bears, and rock hard nipples. Time to kick back with the Sabbatic crew
Who will talk on the phone with me? I have stories and I can only Tweet so many details. Twitter rules.
lol, I feel you. I'm contemplating on whether or not to join before or after the merger.
both! And yes we def need to catch up! :)
Just finished our final #INElect12 meeting. is ready for tomorrow's primary! I'll be with
looking at old photos of my mom when she was in her teens, apparently she had let her hair grow out till it touched the ground!
So jealous. BTW, whatcha reading? Choice quote from the pic: "I think he's hurting her boob."
You know you are in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
OH AND ZOOMBA. THIS IS GONNA BE COOL.
but of course :)
Unclear. Some reports said plans called to lift out all in compound but change due to crash
I got a positive response from a job I recently applied to. One of these days Alice, my career is going to the Moon!
lol hell yea.. I'm over here trying to play mystery man nd shit haha
wisdom teeth .. oh how i fucking hate you.
Nice. It's a good reminder to all. "Live like every day is Earth Day."
he is the biggest douche on the internet.
Life EXPERIENCES ARE A TRIP!
Check out our www.purevolume.com/thedares for more songs you can't find anywhere else
Just finished up at Rochester's breast cancer walk- have a great mother's day!
President Obama's #MarriageEquality Proclamation Trumps North Carolina!!
Home sweet home :)
Yep, is the man. I () worked with him for a while, awesomeness ensued
&ndd I called u back
Music Mondays- I'm just learnin' this stuff myself! How was your Viper Room show? Was tryin to get there but couldn't make it.
Excited to have 7 songs finished for upcoming CD
Joe Biden and the Seven Dwarfs
2 Chainszz is really still trending ?
We love it!!!! RT : Sun dress on. Festival braids done. Tickets printed. Sunblock ON. Bring on !!
I'm in oak creek wisco or as locals call it "oak crick"
me too :( pasta!
there will be a user-focused one. Working on the schedule now :]
Saints on Saturday, Friday morning Skate King Shit...This a banga for 86' cats...like me LOL "The Way I Roll"
of course you were...
#TruthIs I get jealous, I get mad, I get worried, I get curious, I get sad. But that's only because I care.
Where can a person be better than in the bosom of their family? --Marmontel Gretry
Now that is some
we would have loved to see you! Keep up the great work
Come on boys, let's win this one and go home
Beautiful Italian quote : A tavola non si invecchia. - At the table with good friends and family you do not become old.
thanks :) sweet 16!!! Getting old lol
Glad you're on board! It's such an important issue. Thanks for the support!
Link's not workin. How's it going?! You doing Conor Byrne Sunday?
Mike Napoli must be wearing 's MVP ankle braces.
lol @ the day that LMFAO is oldies.
Let's just say: It's a Family Guy Marathon by myself sort of night and I'm happy with that. "Over"
waiting is awful but what a great mother's gift to your lovely wife if he waits until Sunday!
RT : From electric wavers to foam curlers, deciding which tools are essentials and which are a styling splurge can be a......
I LOVe Martha!!!.
Made up my mind...for my 25th bday Dec 29 & New Years I'm gon be in Jamaica...Touching my toes 6:30 lmao....Gotta go see my Mr. Patois
Who's Jake? And yes Luke did delete. *sighs deeply.*
Back to the real world this week has been crazy!! Glad things will be calm for the next few days
I need ideas for an art project. Cuz we pick what we do. Any ideas???
Who, what, where? Give me the deets at and we'll investigate.
RT : #BonerAlert Chick-Fil-A has banana pudding milkshakes.
Fam, how far is this gas station??? Lol >>RT : #pedestrianobservation just called bingo on a Porsche truck
hahaha, why not? it seems like fun !
there's certain things you shouldn't have tried.
Final count down to New year! (y) have a good one everyone!
No little Ty Breezy YOU shutup and quit throwin that salt bruh.
I think most kids are born as "geniuses" - then poor teachers and parental and peer pressure knock it out of them.
THIS IS TOO PERFECT
I did too :) I hope you get the position :)
Funny: RT : "I used to teach 9th grade, now I'm an astrophysicist. Astrophysics is easier." John Chappell, Smithsonian Astr. Obs.
This is going to take some thought.
thanks for the support LCK is very tough those ingredients were supper weird but its not called mediocre chef right
Very excited to be starting Discover Your Style at Waterford Mott HS today.
Months of preperation and it all comes down to this....kickoff in less than an hour
make it so. You're both so close!
Well it was good Bye to Roshon and Melissa tonight on #DWTS Bring on the Semi Finals.
Audioslave kinda mood!
You should hit up Subway! RT : I'm hungry. Bout to go eat after this class
I mainly love my sleep. Losing an hour of it is not cool.
Largest lead of the season
Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you’re wrong. It’s not giving up. It’s called growing up.
FFFFUUUUU- my mom just told my piano teacher that I haven't been practicing.
We gotta get a different cable plan if I'm a b over this muthafucka... Gotta pimp bein denied channels n shit
Only 2 TVs not on #superbowl at gym. 1) Doc on Michael Jordan's baseball career. 2) Sex in the City.
Today was great minus one thing... My thoughts and prayers are with my friend and her family...
Oh wait, what am I saying? I don't speak Utahnese.
Dealer eric likes lol
it's just this once
Has now been likened to Hyde (That 70's Show).....huh....somehow it fits...
“…of the divine religions, which are no other than the oneness and solidarity of the human race, are being established.” #239DaysLive [2/2]
Summer school..
p.s. Gotta movie to recommend to U 'cause I know you love movies. Have you seen the foreign film “Children of Heaven.” I loved it.
Just read about schools cutting summer school programs - big problem given the summer drop off - we see alot of schools now doing online SS.
!! I love ! She deserves WAY MORE credit for being a cutting edge comedian, she could make Stanhope blush!
you make me fucking sick to my stomach everytime I think of you I puke ...
a rec, no spandex needed group ride to discover the many paths and trails in the city.
#20ThingsAboutMe I don't like Subway like that.
Almost show time!!
Drawn Dead Poker Pro makes deep run in LA Poker Classic
Lycee Francais students, you've turned my train car into a cross-country Greyhound bus. Sigh.
What is in it for google to protect your data? To them you are nothing, I'm sure the free 5GB plan will offer minimal, and...
RT : Great people construct monuments with the stones their critics throw at them.
Can't wait to try this new abs class tonight at the gym.
How do you feel about balancing the two?
TY all <U+2665> I will Tweet When it starts getting bad an let u all know!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Congratulations to our 300th follower. TY all for the follows! We love our Twitter fans, 10% off, tell them Twitter sent you.
and donate to schools!
Hey Grandma! Excellent stuff - I have no memory either, but I'm 39 (no snark)
And yes, I'm drinking and cataloging my favorite illustrators on a weeknight AGAIN. You Philistines are lucky to know my kind of people.
RT : i can't wait for the on Saturday! Tux is ready and is going to rock (as usual)
live from Indy it's a love story to SNL
Man I'm here to fulfill your every sexual fantasy. Woman You mean you've got both a donkey and a Great Dane?
Check your DM please.
The good old traditional squat should be a part of any strength workout
Hurry I need more followers so I can follow the rest of my followers back! :)(^.^)(:
Damn it
These people jivin to the symphony are kind of cool
lol shit what's good ma
Can i Draw gonna be HONEST NO
Do I have any of your songs to play on my show?
Haha - lets see how many *I* get! That was an epic ride BTW. Incredible rainstorm!
give a follow to & thanks and have a great sunday.
Also, he's divorced, so he's really not a part of his family.
Soon off to Urbanna, Virginia, and a date with the BBC.
I don't regret shit just learned a lot of lessons <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A8>
Everytime i close my eyes
60% of the time, it works...every time
#GalleryNight tonight - who's got plans? If you're going but want to warm up from the cold/rain, stop in our lobby for a beer and a cookie.
up to my eyeballs in work for and loving every second of it! Follow us and keep upto date with all the happenings :D
keep smiling, it won't last much longer. \m/
the same thing occurred to me last week. let's get the ball rolling!
Very sad... Someone looked out for us, so now it's our turn to look out for them.
I miss u sis :(
Asian brotha told old girl "I want to eat it..." lawl
Zac Efron's friends 'trash his backyard'
“: You was set UP !!!” I know right! Auntie ready to bust my head about lol!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
who wants to get told off cause im totally in the mood right now these fucking scene kids outside my house
We're talking about foreign policy. Should we be in Afghanistan? Let us know what you think. 424-675-6844
Thanks for the follow, right back to you. Have a great Sunday!
If he really cares, he'll make time for you. No excuses, no obstruction!
i just got a hallo account last night.. any chance of a follow on there and here??
good morning chirp. :)
I just RT like three of your tweets. lol
he's not
Life is too short not to lick the bowl
So happy you had fun! RT : Thank you We're having the best time! Your hotel is really cool! Love the Penthouse loft!
Omg @ replied me for the first time in like 2months yay im like super happy now
If u have cellulite at 18 something is wrong.
if you don't do it then who will? Work work work! :-)
Someone must like the devil out there. Back down to 666. Thanks for the unfollow
your momma runs your life AND has her hand in your pocket! #ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends AND THE REASON I WONT LOAN YOU NO MORE MONEY!
Are you using in-camera reflective metering, or an incident light meter?
Shein to End Hunger Strike Tuesday
Who is the guy that does the opening video for the #Pirates this year?
Spider is crawling all over screen again. Still wondering why it doesn't crawl under the bottom and go outside instead of terrorizing screen
...I didnt get a brownie when you brought me lunch today, I have a feeling u ate it!
Go Cavs!!! Way to go on another great win!!!
We love Eme, too! We're also super excited about the Science Fest!
Why can't people accept you for who you are instead of judging you by what you look like?
Got my cap and gown this week. Tomorrow is my senior prom. And I have 7 days of school left.
Got a brief glimpse of our mountain through the fog this morning, and it is beautiful. Hope it reveals itself soon!
tell your momma I said happy mothers day (:
everyone should know how to play euchure. I only had to be taught 12 times.
Tomorrow is the dinner for the HCA convention.
what kind of picture.?
4-3 OLB not worth that high of a pick (Curry, Arrington). Miller always looked like a 3-4 backer to me. Shoulda been Fairley.
Life is too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly.
#Giro they will pass the (very ruined) Roman amphitheatre on the left, almost right across from it the beautiful church of S. Claudio.
I can always count on to make my evening.
What is your favorite food??
Where are the Scott Co fans?
RT Whaaaa? Hetty and Danno into bondage? #H50 #fakeH50spoilers<<< *soda sprays all over my computer* You are killing me here.
Re: perfection has a name. Casey Fox?
Thank you for being our 500th follower!
Just followed thanks for the suggestion !!!!
Don't feel like gettin out of bed. I deserve my rest
Sharing works best when it requires no additional work. (much like Facebook's theory.)
In your opinion, what is the best current alternative to Bb and Moodle?
17th. Was 0 for 8. 5 strikeouts, ground into dp. But got the win and struck out 2 in 2 scoreless innings.
Well the 1985 martial arts film Gymkata is certainly the fuck. Not sure why we don't say that instead of "the shit". Seems more positive.
Well, your weekend is planned
I Want 1OOO Followers Before 2O12 Any Shout Outs To Help Me ? [: <3 <3 <33
work tmrw night but I'll be there for the breakfast and draft Thursday, bros.
Much agreed. knows the in's and out's.
If you knew all I think about you I demandarias for mental harassment. *.*
I had a thin black belt I tried for effect. Didn't help. A thick might work better...
Just checked my grades and so far my final grades are as follow: 2 A- and 2 B. Not bad huh?!
GREAT. My girlfriend's on her period and now I've got blood all over my iPad! DAMES!!!
RT Damn POTUS, you blow'd up my twitter feed.
But I'm soo happy he's living his dreams!
Happy Valentine's Day! 64% of US men do not make advance plans for this day. Surprised?
I dont feel like working at my dads shop any more, i feel like walking down to K-Mart and just chilling there
San Diego to Seattle
Teach him you must. RT : You are the king of knowing how to get clicks. Teach me your ways, Yoda.
Yo Gabba Gabba? Awesome! But what do you really think of mimes? They are definitely not A-Mazing!
I can't move RT : pizza overload! :/
early morning pomp
I think I might ride my longboard to school tomorrow. \m/
all is well
we miss you! Xo
for who?(:
Glad you liked the #PeekAnalytics reports. DM us if you'd like a beta invite to play around with.
FACT: At the height of the housing crisis, Romney invested $250K plus in Fannie + Freddie.
Go MS Bay to Bay riders!!
Qcrew Radio is now a official partner with Can't wait to share all the news and events on air with you tonight at 8pm!
so true! i have lost you way too many times haha
12 days until #Christmas?!
but how/when does it get to an actual court to argue that? his appeal is part of CBA and stays in NFL
Whats up with the multiple spellings of Gadhafi I've seen all morning? Which one is it?
I just remembered why I drive to work.
Agreed! Back on Friday. On the train to Chandigarh this morning- absolute trip highlight thus far.
Think back - what was your first outdoor summer concert?
those are so good!!
gracias ! Hahaa and my friend mike and jose
is the definition of Tall. Dark. and Handsome .!(;
is his twin sister b griner?
What's an upside down diamond?
woohoo!! Go girl. I need to. I look like an ass is sitting on my face. Or something.
*Non-partisan hug and cheek peck*
Now that race season is over for 2011, what kind of things do all of you Drivers/ Race Fans have planned for the holidays?
CONGRATULATIONS! RT : Today was a fairy tale. Wow. I'm married to my best friend.
Dex: I'm a really down to earth guy because, you know… gravity! Me: Oh geez...
dont he got his own bed? U know mary puked all over herself too. Lol.
Up and ready for one more day of speaking in WV!
Jesus said, "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." - John 8:12
Agreed RT I don't care what anyone says - It's officially flip-flop weather in Rochester...
No I am not
This is worst than the Terry Allen era, far worse. Fire Gill already...
is thinking about slow-roasted meats in the Brazilian style.
I oftn put too much siracha on my food.
thanks ed!
What are the two key components of deliberate indifference? Why should facilities be concerned about this?
I hate texting
Hey! I never stopped my grind!
proud of you Naim!!
Bitch I fuck hoes roc ice threwin up gangs sign #MOB LIFE!
"Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom" -- George S. Patton
For some reason I keep thinking its Monday
Any girl with a judgmental, snotty look on her face, automatically is UGLY. Sorry your mama didn't treat you right.
Gorgeous Full Moon over Coronado tonight
in Athens, OH this Friday!! SNAP!!
What would you rather: glasses or contacts?
Bob: Contemporary preservation movement born as anti-modernism. Hard to get traction to preserve modernist architecture.
Boxer won Battle For Minerva tonight, which means they get to play with NFG, All That Remains, underOATH, and way more Saturday, August 6!
when u wake up and the first thing u see is ur mom in ur room goin through ur stuff
I don't answer to Chambers. But... because I love you I will send you those links. Your blog is looking sharp Rach!
Just saw a guy at #mu bent over picking up a man hole cover as if he were lifting weights and slam it down and proceed to pound his chest
great time at GoRealty Happy Hour! Now getting ready for #FriAt5 &
get off my TL
listen I'm ready like right now hahaha our football team is pretty stacked tho <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I can't listen to paradise by Coldplay without crying.
hey TrueBieberFans whats up ? im in class right now (: only a week til bieber 's album comes out :D
What a great day today:)
I already am
No. "Para" means "resembling." Paramilitary are not real military, but special forces are very much part of the military.
Window - Tyler, The Creator
We don't currently have a food sponsor for tomorrow night's meeting. If you're interested in sponsoring, let us know!
My sunburn is peeling so badly; my skin feels so weird and sensitive without its first layer.
Heat got it... 1st fave player (Wade) against second fave player (J. Lin)
I was thinking in Arrowhead. I just saw like 10 over the mountain
Alasdair Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Cleavage is the only thing that you can look down on and approve of at the same time.
Just saw a guy in a wheelchair nonchalantly rocketing down a quarter mile long hill...awesome?
HIS VIDEO NEXT 2 YOU IS THE MOST AMAZING VIDEO I HAVE EVER WATCHED<333333
On a scale of 1-10, how excited are you for Thanksgiving? And no, zero isn't an option ;)
somethings you can fault eve for but we both were created for the same purpose Just so happens a womans purpose is much larger
thank u #McCurdian I too love Jenn, I love she because iCarly, she's only awesome:]
I never meet so many fucking annoying people in my first block imature ass fucking girls bro so madd rite know
well, I NEED MONEY.
I'm a young Pisces with Asian features! What do I have to complain about?
Kids Large - Fun Winter Sports
Also a big congrats to who today officially became a US Citizen!
yes indeed it's c u in a few!!! POOF!!!!
So happy it's Friday-even though - will be working through the weekend making gifts:)
Need metrics for chairs to better evaluate quality of DL courses. Yes.
Its that time.... I have to go to bed :(
TBRED 4 LIFE keep your head up man you guys had a great run!
Great work by Messi leads to a goal by Cambiaso.. 1-0 Argentina
OK thats enough #PracticalSecurityTactics ... I'm getting out of control!
Bosh is hurt... That's one down two to go...
The best thing about in-ear monitors is they allow me to block out the crappy dance music in between sets.
Just woke up I'm watching vh1 videos
Looking for unique holiday gifts and want to have fun doing so??? Go to the Holiday Open House hosted by Another Time Around tonight....
My failure at time management amazes me sometimes...
Church gig done, grocery shopping done- and now for a run before a ton of practice, cooking, cleaning and laundry- just a normal sunday :-)
EITHER WAY I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHAT YOU THINK I'M ENTITLED TO
Music: the songs that you like sometimes tells how you feel but not all of the time
Don't worry, this line is moving fast.
so... where is your post?
GETTIN ALL THE WAY CRUNKED UP AT SUNSET STATION TONIGHT PARTY PEOPLE. LADIDADI WE LIKE TO PARTY!!! LET'S GO!!!
Get #314!!!FIRST LADY OF FEAR on the cover!!! Great articles inside!!! :)
Would anyone actually buy a tuxedo on eBay??
#bbtweetup10 question: Possibly a #BbWorld twit list in future years?
Organized labor needs to be mainstream supporting the 99% at Occupy sites. This IS Their battle and it is being fought by non union folks.
Nunc est bibendum (Now is the time for drinking) - Horace, Odes
Have a great night guys! Stay safe & dry out there...don't forget to come by tomorrow & BOGO 1/2 off all edibles!!
But I will say the Lions are abt one good draft class away from begin a scary team in the NFC.
All the things I really like are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
Indeed! Great to meet you, Ben. Thanks for coming out. Excited to see Fat Bottom take shape!!! #moregreatbeerinnashville!
iit's just everyday!!!
You should listen to our show!
ready to collab with you on a track or three. Whats good?
Why can't I just talk to new people instead of sitting there like I'm mute or a freak. So damn shy.Lol someone always has 2 talk 2 me first!
muKit: An AS3 Framework I Have Been Working On | mu/ LOG
Thanks for the RT!
Thank you!
I suppose adulterers are all aboard Newt now that the Cain train has run around.
People do bitch things because they are bitches......period but why get mad I see what my future is and yours is a class room? Lmfao
Wish I could just go to BG for the week
HELL YA FUCK SOME RIBS!! ;) LOL <3 u rock it. sucks i sold my tickets 2 WT cuz bvb was the only band i wantd 2c i'll get more soon
Want to get rewarded for your gambling? See how we can get you rooms and show tickets comped!
“: Just heard the saddest story ever about three sorority girls from Bowling Green getting in a car accident
It was very Buckwheat-esque. Lamb is trying for the same thing, or not trying, he looks so lazy.
For those already in Chicago for #ARL12chi there will be an update on the LibValue project today 5:00-6:30 in the Northwestern/Ohio State rm
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> I deserve it
holy crap that's bad ... really bad .. yet so funny
I'm with you on that. This year is shaping up to be pretty righteous.
lmao I know who you're talking about RT Man I saw some fake Flu games today @ school
On our Kindles this week: On Chesil Beach, Treasure Me, The Hunger Games. What are you reading?
Christmas shopping...I've bought nothing :) let's go.
how was your new years? Any resolutions ?
“: I like the young man in the orange to be victorious ” Confirmed
i'm working on those new beats we did over the weekend,,i'll probably just get a two track mix done.
It's almost appalling that is so hilarious. Sometimes, it actually is appalling...haha
excellent I look forward to receiving the details
got a table, see you soon
It's Foursquare Day! Enjoy our check-in special and have fun with us tonight!
May 7 Get ready about to shoot new video 4 SHOW OUT FT. SHAWTY LO - D4L/G-UNIT will b n da building!!
#Freshmen yar taught me not to procrastinate, Teachers are assholes the week before the last week of school, and 5+3 does not equal 7
Wtf ??? I'm at a Country and Western Bar!
we pushin it now thanx for ur support please share it
remember being young and dumb...not knowing how 2 act when titties were thrown in ya face..
Jesse Rodin F'12: Josquin Research Project will develop new tools for making Renaissance music searchable.
Robert Griffin prepared for the draft ... and beyond
Happy Friday! As we are winding down our first week of 2012, how would you rate it? Thumbs up or down on accomplishments this week?
this is going to be fun!
awww poor u :( hope u well soon x
Amazes me every day! RT : Seriously. How is it that people have an unlimited supply of stupidity.
#Free Free Free Free Free Free Free
Even after 18 years and thousands of projects, we still begin every creative project, web or graphic design, with pencil and blank paper!
lol thank ya! :)
Sorry Fresca (new chicken place on Lamar & 11th), I just can't allow myself to pay $24 for your tiny organic sheeken.
are you interested in the book series??
I woke up at 1:30 though and officially got up at 3
fixing things are cool to panit and make
Gots to pay the bills. But found out today I am losing the best of these three jobs in the fall so I guess I won't!
Got myself a nickname at BD and I don't even go there!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
You are my new hero! Such a great episode of the podcast!
who wants to kick it with me and clay tonight?!
Oh my god, I seriously forgot he played the terrorist. Is he even capable of playing a nice guy?
you are so welcome!
That nap at 7:30 seemed like a good idea at the time...
My only friends are pirates.
Walk back to the cell phone store, return android and get a windows phone. Best workout ever!
I really gotta pe but my teacher won't let me.
My chem is next. So stoked!
best way to see it!
Brutal day OFF work. How ironic. Comcast ruined my day
ive never called him before.. and Im going to too cheer him up when hes done eating.
That's all I drink! Love the Raspberry Lemonade!
3.3% of U.S. job seekers have started their own business in 2011.
These may not count, but over 12 years, they have occurred repeatedly at our NYC bookshop.
Technically same department, but different groups under that department! ;)
sorry for chicago but hahaha sucks to be you
that's a good girl right there.
Everyone I'm not a "Cover Girl so just get used to it
I can't see the word Miller without immediately thinking Mac Miller.
People that wait until I do days of research to figure something out then make a suggestion
LET'S GO TO THE MALL
If you really want to be heard, whisper. - John Boswell
I't Veterans Day, please thank a veteran if you know one :)
In a dark world there is always still light, remember this.
Peter Sagal (NPR Wait, Wait) suggestion: Ask them to stand between you and your television. And turn on the A/C.
I had a wonderful dinner at U.S. pizza! Fajita chicken pizza, yum yum! My server was great & I got $5 off for mentioning restaurant week!
ION CARE ! She made me look like an idiot . . . ALL 3 OF EM !
thanks for the follow ma, stay tuned... Haan
whats cookn it's been a while things are slow this resession got me in a real trick bag whats a man 2 do men will B men and boyz will B boyz
RT <3 ^.^ One last happy birthday to
Yep, that definitely classifies as "badwagoner".
Crews working on the major chill water line in the Grove. No AC for Sid for 2 more days. accommodations being made for the RA's & Masters.
I've been such an asshole to most women in my life but I changed my ways a couple weeks ago trying to do the right thing
Fell asleep reading, woke up reading.
Beijing Auto Show: Volkswagen E-Bugster Presages Shape of Drop-Top Beetle
My Bestfriend Has Tha Greatest Ringtone For Me ;) Lmaoo .
I'm all ears
Ill bring the ants RT : I'm having a picnic this week.
So excited for Ashley to be home :))
I want to see your everything. Hehe :)
No worries man, I appreciate you keeping an eye out for me
I'm sad to hear of the passing of the talented Whitney Houston at such a young age - another reminder of dangers of recreational drug abuse
A Royals win tomorrow would make my day! : FOLLOWS ME! :) made my day! thanks!"
First Disneyland trip with in months is coming up!!! Can't wait to see my bestie! #soexcited!!
Home team win!
Why do boys think just because they wearing some trues or anything expensive they automatically get your number
offvjfioxkna ME PLEASE IM HERE ME PLEASE
I must know what ninja is.
oh no, all of you please keep tweeting about Wiz Khalifa, because i really care.
Thanks for the retweet
Michelle Obama is not the new Marie Antoinette. The criticism about her summer vacation to Spain is very unfair.
#dsum12 Atlanta is a big city, the capital of the South. And you wonder why we ask who is Klout?
were u at tucker last yr?
the one day I get asked to go to party and I can't go -_-
The fact that ny ex looks like the lead singer of #uabb and #fortoday trips me out.
Watching the Family Guy parody of Clue with lol
#HowToMakeItInAmerica LIVE FREE LIVE TO THE FULLEST
Que paso broskis? Ive been waiting to use that word lol RT : si actually working with OP! Lol
thanks. I'm here the whole week. try the veal cutlet.
hey frankie r u ok? Was it a tumor or hernia
Congrats to the four gastronauts from who recently passed the intorductory sommelier tests! #intergalactic #WayToGo!
Yes we all should b thankful, have a great day,
love you more!
Who's got cd duplication for the low?
We screens plenty here in FL How do you handle this? RT : Must take bugs into consideration
When are we going to bring our troops home? We've been at war for far too long.
building a winning tush one lunge time
That undoubtedly will be an issue for the courts to decide. Stay tuned.
The word is half his that speaks, and half his that hears it. -Michel Eyquem
shut your mouth!
Well, #drupalcon was fun. Now to spend 2 hours at the airport waiting for my delayed flight. With no working laptop. Whee!
doing some rosetta stone before going to sleep tonight :) ...tomorrow gonna be a great day!
agree - crafting credible stories with available data is an artform - too many people are 'waiting for more data'.
So glad this day is done
lol. If only we got paid for our quotes!
I think theres been more technicals in the NBA Finals alone than there was all season
hahaha fear that beard!
i don't know i guess it is up too me
I'm sure the compressed lockout schedule has nothing to do with these injuries.
Thanks for the tweet Matt. Record year for Draft Analyzer...thank you for your continued support.
RT : For every RT , $1 will be given to the Invisible Children Foundation of Uganda.
Jersey Shore Reunion. (;
Now they're playing Eye of the Tiger. Getting me psyched to remove my shoes and maybe my belt.
Thanks for the #FF :)
Damn that half-off candy. I am going to eat 1000 Reese Cups.
Happy 46th Birthday Janet Jackson! :)
exactly! Because Dahvie isn't a dumbass. And its just like what went down with Jessi Slaughter.
Haven't been on here in a while.
Tomorrow on The Student Section: We talk #Badgers Spring Game and NFL Draft with (5:10) and (5:30). Tune in 4-6
heck yeah dude, imma hit that up -WalterLOL
check out wiffiti.com you'll need flash to view it
Not at my birthday party???
Wow really #Wade ?
follow back??xx
Preliminary hearing underway in the case of the two women whose pit bull attacked a neighbor. The elderly woman eventually died.
Uncle Greg is coming in tonight, about to be laughing my ass off tonight lol
If the world is all a stage and the people are merrly players, who throws the tomatoes?
Next time I Like somebody , Imma keep it to myself These Lil BITCHES SNAKESS.
NO WHAT
Whoa! Yes, that is some serious #1940census addiction :-)
Jersey Shore!!! Lol. I was the only fist pumper for two days!!! Small world indeed beautiful.
that moment when you get a message from the person you like<3
Hey What network is the Grammys on?
"The Anointing" John P Kee
I've always thought saying things like this about pets was melodramatic, but now I'm going through it I understand...
Looking forward to the Timbers Kit Launch on 12/9 w/ our partners at Alaska Airlines. Nothing like being original w/ the Kit unveiling.
"You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness." -Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close, JS Foer
Very cool! I have Kevin Fowler following me! Don't recognize the name? Check out his music,VERY cool! He needs to come to the West Coast!
Customs... 13 months old stamping passports
yeah gonna go to sleep all sad n shit, thanks.
lol me and my friends find it super annoying when white allies says they hate white ppl... um, i don't need you to do that...
I wish I could match more... Very cool idea.
It still hasn't really hit me yet I'm not in high school anymore its time for me to be an adult!
it's a shame to allow the left to make you leave. State bankruptcy is the only remedy for what has been done. ,)
RT : I really hope Obama convinces all the House members to stay in school
If there were a class on 'how to say no', I would totally pay tuition for it.
Mr. Nice Watch
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING ME!!! and i LOVE the new cover <3
I will post, but I won't be able to make IACRL :(
Some people these days...
haha you right though
Well I'm speechless! Amendment 1 was passed here in the NC. Looks like I'm moving this year if there is no change for equality
LMFAO. Brb gonna go die. JK o-o
Top gun
lonely. Is this what we've become?
RT : Realshit!!! RT : Man get Simon back on here ASAP!!!!
Call me crazy, but i am and have always been a #mlb2k fan....love this game, and u can play a full gm in 20 mins
I am going through my e-mail and listening to the wind and rain outside. I am thankful for an intact roof on my house.
Anything to help out an fan !
Congratulations to all the candidates who ran for offices... whether you won, or was dealt a loosing hand, thanks for your sportsmanship.
“: just watched osu beat wisc in #bigten hoops. you?” same
Been on a amazing writing streak this week 3 new songs I'm very eager to post Stay Tune
i had some issues with my twitter when i got my new phone so ive been off. I thought i signed up for poy months ago?
Someone please text me or something i freaking out
Good thing we didn't put up that pic..:)“: I got the DC sports buddy boot. if u take a pic with the mascot Ill be mad”
Good morning all! Happy draft day!!!
cool blog,
hahaha k I tell u what time tomorrow
alex rossi w/ a 3-pointer to give national the win over the american team ... nationals 136, american 133!
There 's an app called Shitter that creates toilet paper rolls printed with a twitter feed
alright it's a deal :p
Went to see Hunger Games! Wow, what a film... Headed to Mirror Mirror tonight!
Lets Go Rangers!
The serves BRUNCH now!! Their eggs benedict is tied for 1st in my Milwaukee taste testing. & 95 cent Parmesan hash browns!
- sounds good anytime.
Those Kat pit tickets could possibly be sold out, its a little early to tell right now, try the 6:00 request hr!
I have a really bad headache ):
Hope to see you'll at the Tribeca Film Screening tonight from 7-9 pm at Leedy-Voulkos - 2012 Baltimore Avenue
So my cousin decided we should drive all the way to broad ripple to buy pizza
CHECK ME OUT IM ON THE MOVE ...www.mzzoe.com
I really wanna get On That with that bitch tomaa.
do u know u lookalike selena gome when u take off ur glasses!
that's awesome : )
Thanks for including us Chip!
unfortunately! haha don't look at me though! I'm more of a break and bake kind of guy
Yeah it's gonna be a good summer
Congratulations to the KU women's basketball team on a great season!
Love #WillieNelson #NowPlaying Willie Nelson –The Great Divide on
thanks for the retweets!
NYT reports 60 Minutes correspondent Mike Wallace has died at the age of 94
the thing iz that im not even supposed to have stickam or a twitter ..sukkz doesnt it ..so i cant make one . ):
I play for keeps!
Chicago condo hunting is the best. I am so excited just looking at floor plans.
We agree RT : Health is always a great answer, easy to take for granted but so true!
Chillin, I wish it was with my man.
Thanks for the RT, Joe. Appreciate you taking the time. Online therapy will save people time, trouble and money. Steve
Everyone has potential. Some people use it better than others.
I'm so torn.
Getting under 200 pounds was WAY easier than getting under 200 pages. My screenplay needs to go on ViSalus or something.
I like my booty too (: I stole mine from my momma
3DTV is hooked up and blazing some gaming in my face. Yeah-buddy! Batman AC looks awesome, so does WipEout HD -- both in 3D.
*friday hahaha. Come after your appointment!
Last day of teaching in Oakland!
Today's sunday. New episode of that American Gypsy show. Yes.
RT : Congrats! Look forward to catching up with your team in the new year... Happy Holidays!
Story's comments seem to agree with me.
supper out, party supply shopping, and volleyball with the Fowls, then home to grade papers. Fun night ahead.
It's only correct to listen to a song for the first time with your best headphones and the volume all the way up.
I wish I did! Haha I only slept for an hour! Haha
Just saw your job news, a big congrats! It sounds like an excellent opportunity
Od live u go to bar and they got ping pong tables and a library od would have to be a white bar
JOIN..THE..MOVEMENT..AS..WE.. PUSH..AN..ENTIRE..GENERATION.. TO..BE.. #INDEPENDENT #TEAMSELFMADE rizselfmade
Westbrook can get a triple double.. Where's the Westbrook haters now? Not a point guard huh? Get off my dick
Thanks for the follow!
Great Morning to everyone and Thank you Vets.....
didn't you already get an awesome present from the gift fairy?!?
Why is it soo hard to say I love you and I wanna be with just you
Not a good day for a headache.
i miss u my boo!
I had a long day at work today. time to start again
for future ref: tech colleges have laptops they bring out for events - northcentral tech college bought 12 computers today
and the kitchen weren't coordinated, resulting in long wait time. Might have improved by now. I went during its grand open week
If anyone wants to learn how to burn crescent rolls i can tell u. Put them in the oven and go outside and play with your dogs. Amazing!
hahaha. That my friend is the opposite of paradise
i wish i could see the We Came As Romans/A Day To Remember/Bring Me The Horizon/Pierce The Veil in boca on sunday :'''(
For sure - sounds like a plan! Haven't set din plans yet, maybe downtown?
Agree! RT : is an excellent moderator.
sigh. people are so dumb.
fun in the sun!
It's practically impossible to tear your eyes from the young lovers, Tony and Maria. Makes it hard to live-tweet!
Marriott said widespread network probs yesterday RT : wifi is MUCH better this morning at
GOOD IDEA. Know any good hills around here?? RT : All this snow makes me wanna sled!!!
Maybe I just skewed slightly old, but I'm incredibly proud I hated that show from day one.
Scouting for Girls; next week in Yorkshire Post, Mansfield 103 fm, Lincs Fm, Trax Fm, Newark Advertiser, Yorkshire Radio and Hallam FM!
Some people have the best jobs ever!
hope you BOTH dmbfucks know that when you hacked my acct the email got sent to my account.
Since the Pens game on Sunday was moved to 1230 I can no longer go. :-(...anyone wanna buy my tix?
you're my Asian station
Let me know when your website is up. I'm curious to learn more about your project.
Hi AJ! I'll look into it and see what the deal is :)
Music & food
I'm rooting for the IU program and you, Coach! Even though I'm a UK fan, I admire the IU fanbase and grew up in Indpls.
Mowed grass right before the rain hit.
Sit some where kid your making me nervous
I miss Fat Perez.
Wait, people still buy stuff made by Dell? Why?
K.Cator DID NOT say she would figure out how to get librarians in ESEA; when asked she said she'd go back and figure it all out
IDG Open Gov survey: ~13% of gov't respondents measure their use of Web 2.0 have metrics session this afternoon
Caught up with The Descendants (2011) and Haywire (2011)
April 23rd is World Book Night
um, did you see that ravens game? um, they need a new offense for next week. um, i have no idea what i am talking about.
The interview on this week was PheNomENal! New respect!
You made my life come to life.
Everyone get ready for to get back on Twitter...with wins comes Tweets.
i keep registering for HUSNGs and falling asleep/forgetting. -$1500 in the past 36 hours. I remain the worst.
I bet that last twitt didnt even make sence but anyway salsa valentina makes everything better.
Ugh. Philosophy is so boring
Loving it Hope he trails lots more We all have to unite for a better America
Taking Manchester to &#39;the next level&#39;
Stuck at the place getting my car fixed for about 3 hours in Biddeford. To bad it wasn't nice outside
Apparently I need to watch the Inter v Tottenham game...
Saw Jack White on Colbert...all I can say is "Yum yum yum yum yum yum yum" and "...awkward...!!!"
Reading "Global Parliamentary Report" f/ IPU and
Sure :)) followed ;)
not that I have any evidentiary proof. (this jokey thread should probably never have started)
Does Ribs on Wheels count?
Yea that's about it. The possibilities are endless.
Gave up trying to understand electromagnetism for my final tomorrow. #Parenthood marathon instead!!
Got lots of love from , , , !!! They make it okay to fall in love && one day be a mommy!
it's in my belleh *rubs tummy*
Have to say it, is just killing it this afternoon. JC and the Uptown Sound, Automatic, Franti, just keep it rolling.
Completely empty Starbucks, guy sits in a chair three feet from the bathroom. Questionable decision making OR
It's my Sister's last night in #MyCYM and i'm so excited for what God has for her in the future!!! I LOVE YOU!!! :D
RT #IReallyHateWhen my boyfriend calls all his "friends girls" his bestfriends -___-
Wit my new bit** That's livin I'n palms springs Young ass nigg@ Life long dreams! #drizzy #clubparadisetour #Ready4It the
awe how cute of you :)
ahhhmazing! Thank you! Can't wait to get there.
that's wussup I see u been grindin
haha, i tried making cookies.xD
Thank you and back atchya!
i swear.. my belly button piercing better not be infected.
in NYC to? Bet you're enjoying the city, I just moved here the other day
have lots for you know the numbers.
#abaws - Cable companies were after market share
Erase-E in the building club atmosphere sat night!!!!
Chilling with in NYC. Good times.
just do it lol
“: lol well duhh I don't know about Katie but I been weird <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081> aha” I will never admit it
I thought I could hear a vague shout of 'yayyyy, we're relevant again!' coming from the basement of Slichter Hall.
This fool just ate popeyes now he's at the gym
Chronicle was surprisingly better than expected.
whats wrong?? im good as usual lol but u lets talk about you...
At #NAI2011 tuesday keynote, talking about Enos Mills...who is that guy anyway? Know anything about him ?
I try to keep it slightly more professional here. I save those for #facebook. In other news, I got the iPhone.
oh my gosh you cut your hair??
I hate everything right now.
i shoulda told you :l i was tir3d
Getting ready for #dtla #artwalk tonight with ... Too bad I can't stay out late <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
But there's nothing wrong w/ making the tough, big, life-changing decisions. Those are the best things I've done in my life.
Huh. . .cut the cheese. . .LACQUER.
Beijing's Panchen Lama Holds Court in Hong Kong - Wall Street Journal (blog)
. it is a marketing ploy so that people dont feel "left out"
On vaca don't bother me!!
Vogue is like Playboy for women: We mostly read it for the articles.
Yes indeed! Hoping to visit some time in the spring. How do you like the program so far?
It was a good ass time tonight until Mad Mex declared war on my digestive system.
“: Yeah, She is "no joke". See if You can get Her to #CMChat. "Now" would be good! > ” thanks!!
Mount St. Helens ain't got nothin on ma butt right now.
I don't hate people because I'm an asshole. I hate people because THEY are assholes.
New on tap : Ballast Point Sculpin IPA and Left Coast Trestles!
Mike Wallace of 60 Minutes has died. R.I.P. Mike...
Thank God for letting me see another year, i won't let y'all down
Had an absolutely AMAZING time on Saturday night with Whiskey Kill! Hell of a good time thanks for everyone who came out!
at american eagle there are boxer shorts that say duh on them. GET SHOPPIN, BRUNO!
Getting ready for NY roto league baseball draft - many such updates tonight one imagines - while Sneakz preps for her fantasy weather draft.
Wondering if I should get highlights..... Hm... :/
Ethics should precede economics... We know this because we've seen the results of capitalism without conscience
We are soo not getting out of here at 4:30.
Mom randomness "I'm so glad I'm not throwing up" Um yeah!
Make it nasty : )
Olberman is a douche bag
I feel the same way u need excitement sometimesRT : #WeWontWorkoutIf your not spontaneous!
Enjoyed a baseball weekend. Go Rice Owls!
This can be a good thing or a bad thing. He's either interested in what you do or obsessive/possessive. You'll find out.
. we have some serious work to do getting & distributed in TX. Deadline: next Xmas ale season.
Why can't I learn through osmosis?
London is a great city to visit. Great music scene. Just buy the Time Out and you want to stay for weeks!
if I had one wish, I would wish my laundry was done!
Check out the new Champions Tour Fan Page on Facebook ! Join in on the fun!
Seriously considering skipping the NATO festivities & staying in Springfield next weekend...
Thanks to everyone who came to our first show! Hope you enjoyed! Give us feedback!
m pizza. joke time: what kind of pizza should you order if you can't eat a lot of salt?
This turns out.
. NodeXL can display or remove grid lines and edges. See Autofill Columns or contact me for support.
you ok, darling? My phone rang last night after I left but then u were gone so I thought u butt-dialed me. Then didn't see u today
*snatches you No. 3* Can I keep this?
HAH!! I like orange vegetables, but don't eat enough to keep my skin looking lovely!
On the near horizon: new fiction, travel essays, serial columns, book reviews and more!
Today>>> Funny AF !
Enjoyed "Run Through The Jungle" by Creedence Clearwater Revival on Pandora
Is anyone else terrified to see what criminal Florida will produce next?
"If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is 'thank you,' it will be enough."--Meister Eckhart (various wordings)
And now they're playing Taken by !! :D
I have my own de-icer, it's called menopause!
my bdays on july 24 too!
Lordy, how can it only be Tuesday! On the other hand, look how much I've already experienced this week and it's only Tuesday!
RT : “: "Whoever gossips with you, will gossip of you." ~ Oscar Wilde” So true
Suck my tweets and bitch if you don't like them then #choke lol
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74% SHORT
1940s museums started going into the commhnuty to schools, libraries, military barracks.
Dallas Auction Gallery Sets Record Auction Price ... - Dallas Art News
There's not really anything for me to do today. I did everything yesterday.
Boy oh boy getting up at 3am is no fun bout tho head-out to memphis,Tn
Wasn't referring to you per se, just the general disdain for the about-to-be-crowned national champs
Pandora rustled up Hootie and the Blowfish and I was all "Really Pandora!?" and then jammed out and never gave it a thumbs down.
Is the word trust in peoples vocabulary anymore?
When are we starting Text for Change In Zambia?
thank you for doing what's right. You have earned our business.
Don't ever tell anybody everything. If you do, you'll just start missing everybody.
Thank you for the opportunity to connect with the community and be a part of #smbmad we greatly appreciate it!
Please retweet for me to anyone in Austin area! Just looking for more people that may be in the market for a new mattress or new furniture!
Rainy days make it 10x harder to get up, for real.
#Adventure of the day: Parasailing 500 ft. over the Pacific in Marina Del Rey. With my dad as he knocks an item off his bucket list.
Miami&#39;s Wayne Morris amond Springfield Raceway leaders
Off to sleep, going to Southern Ivy tomorrow to get a new tie on sale!!
I took today off to get a number of things done, I got sick instead. I'll try again Friday and spend the rest of today sleeping i guess? :(
thank you.<3
My bad gm
Celebrating ' first tv gig (and paycheck!) with chili and cheap champagne
Sitting outside having oysters at Walter's Foods. Ah, I love you, Brooklyn.
Very excited bout my Spartans this year in football gonna wreck on everyone go Sparta!!!
I love ya like Pu**y, money, weed
I have back issues--you can see them after I black out my pieces. It was also thrilling to grow up to drink at the same bar as Spike Vrusho.
Karma's gonna come for you boo & I can't wait to see that bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I'm pretty sure the phrase cock slap would be involved. That probably is indicative of me needing a time out. LOL.
Why are the security tags on clothes so heavy. It's impossible to tell how a shirt really looks with a 2 lb weight pulling down the back
However, if OEM compatible ink jet tubes aren’t affordable then apply for remanufactured tubes
that just freaks me out - must have just missed the first incident. nobody makes me feel more threatened than angry teens.
you played me like a fool using your words as the tool in this sick game yet only i am left to blame for all the shame you brought upon me
Inkdt now does Acoustic Skins!!!! Get 'em!
oh I'm always good
Renouncing citizenship to avoid taxes? What's next, a Presidential candidate hiding money overseas to avoid taxes? Oh wait...
Oh no you didn't... I'm hooked!
its amazing how one person can make such a difference in the world
Hey beer lover, you know INTA happens in a dry county, right?
We good.
That's terrible. Makes me want to cry. He WAS a slave. Plenty of incredibly intelligent people were enslaved, of course. Ugh.
what all u got to get from da store
No doubt but that Simmons kid is supposedly a better player. Hard to say but I feel he's got more potential in the long hall
u shuldnt live so far away all on ohio and stuff no u come chicago yes?
Three fans shy of 400! Wow, that was fast! Almost time for a new promotion. Any suggestions? :)
catchin up on my #degrassi YEAh!!!!!
East & West MAX runs "at full capacity both ways" #PDX #mayorconvo Not so sure about that ...
I like how these niggas just <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>over me haha its cute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
You're awesome! Thanks for the RT. Hope you had a great birthday last week. :)
#supermodels... what are we waiting on? we need to go ahead and cut that check.
all my followers thanks for following i have only had a twitter account for 2 days xD
not feeling to well :/
Bands bands bands
French Roast via French press.
My business cards from Moo are here!!
Young Preezy is so cute, adding himself to all the other Preezy bios. They are all Composite Preezys now.
Infamous Platinum!
Dude, she's out of your league
My mom and I are doing the special k challenge together <U+263A> the cutest
get on board!
Aahh. Good. Because it's a good picture.
love how im on your bio
Live moment to moment in a new dating relationship. Enjoy this, your new love. You wouldn't read the end of the book first.
RT : Did you know that you can remove temporary tattoos by sticking tape over them then peeling back the tape? Mind officially blown
New is excellent! I'm surprised it such a low rating in the Mac App Store.
Today is for Christmas shopping.
Getting ready for a great new year! Last year was a defining year, this year is going to be the best yet!
Pick anything over $20.00 and save 30% 11/25-26. There won%27t be another sale like this before the Holidays!
Sometimes for other things...like desserts
I love Tanisha! the Star of BGC! Always will be, I look forward to watching your tv show Your Hilarious! :)
sorry. Tried to figure it out. Things are good. I should be in Morgantown next Monday. Maybe me and the noodle will stop by
This wind is dangerous.
another brownie needs no introduction! :)
I would like to thank The Academy
One night. Family member having major surgery.
The Spurs made all the right moves.
Hey! I just figured out that #LongIslandMedium is not a show about a family of retards. Weird.
I hope so. Me and you like Babs and Buster Bunny
i'm onw officially hating you despite haging over MIL shoulder my carne asada still no where near as good
At least it's not snowing... come by for fish and chips at the tavern tonight!
Where's my refrigerator..
I'm in Upper Fells Point and I am noticing the the water pressure is diminishing. Anyone else? Meaning?
"frame by frame analysis...". Getting all CSI up in this shit, city attorneys!
Have you ever considered a wardrobe swap with him? I think that would work.
they don't come off... EVER
I mean... Do what u gotta do, just don't get hurt n the process! Lemme know how it goes
Man your all full of zingers tonite #FORE!
RT : Beyonce sent her first tweet yesterday... 3.7 million followers in 1 day. Kanye - 222k his first day. "Who runs the world?"
I see that as impossible. As long as there are class distinctions, there will be a state.
I always have to start my day with music. :]
Thanks for this link!
Arrived in Macau a few hours ago, love it already! let's wear off this jet lag by starting with a thai massage followed by an asian dinner.
Robertson Stadium On The Campus Of The U of H Will Be The Host Facility For The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston
Do you lick the Sweet & Tart Dressing off the bottom of your bowl?
Just added the new R9 irons to the rental inventory. Very sharp clubs.
Coming with ribbon!
your samples are in the mail. Please enjoy and can't wait for your feed back.
I already follow you girl :)
post dispatch articles it's good for I don't have to search for it, also if your bank has an app it's good to get it also
Is back to work after a fun lil weekend
Are u racing at the Mt Sac Relays and/or Penn Relays next month?
I've been drug free for 11 days. And it's going to stay like that for a long time. I don't think my guy gets out for like 6-10 years. Sigh.
still say Jermaine...
I hate ths bus
Im hungry.
Don't worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward. -Laura Schlessinger
I am a Chinese Jew.
I don't care about money, Rangers have plenty. This was best team since 94, short of winning it all is disappointment
thinking about u
no problem.
so the answer to her question is "not the front passenger side since thats the death seat"
I ain't cooking shit for y'all lol
Jon Lovitz is amazing
kind of. I haven't really had much time to plan much. But that's a good idea!
Same! Have you seen the BBC mini series? Swoon...
Not gonna lie, this karaoke night is fun as HELL. The people who come in really make the night! Still time to join us sing 4 shots
Good luck at your new job at !
Okay going to sleep for real now.
#September You're not August, or July, so cool the hell down already.
Laying in your bed
Who wants some money if I win??
Take imperfect action! Just act!
Thank you for the follow as well!
i asked this kid jon who he was because i forgot his name i said " HE YOU BLUE DUCK TAPE HAT WHO ARE YOU ?!?!?!?"
reviewed the emails - reply sent via text. time waits for who - no one!
": In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa"
Yes ma'am!
what up?! Just did pickle shots with
yes. Because dating someone who's like your 'brother' or 'sister' is gross. LOL it's called incest.
4TH DAY OF FINALS and 4 more days left. Everyone keep up the hard work. :D
lets go pacman!!!
Checking all the boxes, well done. Milgauss is next for me, until then happy with my UN Marine, 'Ling SO, Carerra, and Monaco.
me too ps bring some ear plugs for Eric Church if you're standing next to me... It's gunna be wild
As of Dec. '11 there were 200K WWII vets still on the VA's rolls, 147,000 Korea, 1m Vietnam, 630,000 peacetime, 1m+ Gulf war era
10 days without a smoke. Miming a cigarette as I type this. People think I'm kissing my fingers.
Lmao in the league or over seas?
Test tube shots!!
i'm not even going to pretend that i'm not bitter about this.
Gone. Another independent bookstore bit the dust. I recommend supporting in SF if you can.
was up was Up :)
Season finale of
that is so interesting to me.
haha.Yes I was. But it's not like I was a die hard fan! Hard to be a die hard fan when I'm not from there or ever liked them b4
RT : Why Citi uses spons: connect & build brand, build oppty to establish relationships, and sell product.
This is real BLACK music. Not milk chocolate! This is pure COCO and you can call it soul. "Comin from where I'm from"... Enjoy!
Alice, omg. You're so pretty.
Never play soccer on an uneven hill after having a few... Ouch there goes my ankle :/
I can't wait to open the market with " LUSI.OB " tomorrow penny stocks will trun my life around.
Today 1922: Sleet storm that hit central Wisconsin covered everything under 2 inches of ice.
Just crossed paths with a fitness guy at He devotes every morning to staying abreast of emerging trends in his industry.
Doing what I do! Bc no one does it better! :)
If you're going to ask me about what I say on my twitter, could you at least follow me, so I know you're creeping?
And I guess it's time to let go, have faith, and hope for the best.
How to plot thousands of points on a map w/o overwhelming client? Cluster points using an algorithm to look for logical groups.
who do i need to curse at?
If thats all u got, u gots ta finish it!!!!- silk
nope its ok...if ur a crazy cat lady!?!?! :P
yep! I'm a volunteer :) see you there?
a million coconuts says that you'll never read this tweet or follow me.~
If you guys meet me at Prost on California at 5, I'll pay up. They allow babies at the bar, Pete; mine'll be in tow
So ready for the weekend.! :D
Watching #DWTS US Semifinal.....wow...really good but what happened to KJ?
Thanks, Dave. RT So grateful for Nothing like good stories that challenge heart and mind...and skin color.
yep brekky coffe omlette red onion, 3 colored peppers, couple cheeses, cayene, basil cooked virgin cocout iul & grass fed butter yum
MAHALO #hon12 for allowing me to share my Life's Journey! I had a great time! God Bless and have a great weekend! - Elwin
Discover...Find out about the current issues. Dream...imagine ways to create a better Nation. DO...take action and get involved.
ROFLMAO!!!!!! Those chili fries make ya tired?
for now on its BLOOD BATH..to u bitchess lol
I love that show!!! Don't hate! I'll go watch with her!
Scams video blog » Blog Archive » Minnesota Vikings Quarterbacks ...
thank you
i love my bfs cock!!!
WooHoo!! Good for you!!
To be honest before I graduate high school I need to get with a fine black girl, I need a little chocolate in my life...
Nice feminism, bitch.
Thanks doll! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
I love your dress! It's so pretty!
Giants have a little somethin' cooking here, Belt singles and Pagan goes to 3rd with nobody out
class tonight!!! #improv :D
just shows that they really,really want to win the computer :-)
Tempted to spend a ridiculous amount on a bottle of single malt scotch. After 3 Storm Kings I do stupid things!
the rumor is that Ringer got the ax because Sarah is pregnant. Secret Circle was even a surprise on local CW stations ....
I wish this could be easier.
"Fire & Rain" by James Taylor It inspires me to live me life and not wait for things just to happen. BTW I live in Nash now!!
of course, I love you. ;) bahah
Only 5 more days 'til I have real interwebs!!!! No more of this iPhone only garbage!
Having fun today showing Saydel HS students how to access ebooks via our FollettShelf AND our AEA's Mackin portals!
I Know My Life Isn't On Track But I Pray That The Mother Of My Child Forgives Me, You Are A Wonderful Woman and Mother
you know what I'm talking about, then.
hahah lol I can't now lol when I get to work I'll get it
I've been using app Snap n Drag for Mac Book to Screen Capture ppts slides and add notes in Word...
Thanks for the follow Amber, we are following back, have a good one!
"And im the god looking mother fucker in da corner and alex is my shunned black slave with one arm" Best text Ive ever received thanks AJ
Thank you!
I finally get 2c ur apartment , but where is it TV 4 us 2 watch the Knicks vs miami series? :)
It's official. Tebow has made a believer of my atheist bro-in-law. Amazing.
Whataaaa??? Buy some decent headphones and you'll need just one pair for years of use.
A nigga will try to tear you down smh why tho
Good Luck , Today against Baylor
I would have a hard time keeping a straight face.
he wouldnt stand a chance if it was my first lunch of the day!
enjoy my friend.
This isn't hard--Just
I'm staying inside. There is no breeze from the river or very much shade here.
Every time one of the mechanics come into the waiting room I wanna ask "how is she?"
Looking at apartments <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
our favorite was the dangler regarding Ginger White... and the subsequent joke 'fitting a lot into one interview' Ha
then to shot is gone you scored good all you need is thirty hours just go bruh it's good boring but good
CUTE DRESS
My bus ride to work is the white collar equivalent of the pickup truck taking migrant workers to the field, same sad faces but more IPhones.
#AlzWisdom: ME: look ma (Im dancing 2 commercial on tv) MA: (stopped eating snack) *laughs* #priceless #I'llAlwaysLuvMyMama
I think scaladoc is to fussy and interactive. It also needs a visual cleanup; javadoc is bare and simple, to its credit
Bizarre. It's down on my phone, my computer, & through IMAP.
#GirlsFavoriteLine Well i need a ride #MYFavoriteLine Well start dialing
So you don't think Kasim's plan is a good idea on order to get policemen & firemen to live in ATL?
Happy Monday to everyone.
Went to karaoke joint in Dallas, Texas Almost every single singer had an amazing American idol voice. It was startling.
It's the steroids!
Jeff houge gave a good recorded presentation on plain language and online tool at writeclearly.org
Sending a prayer for Rich Ramirez and his family. It was a pleasure to perform with you. Thanks for the laughs and sharing your gifts! RIP
I have not decided! They all look fulfilling! ;)
The only L's Boston gonna bring is some... Low scores. Sixers baby!!! We gotta watch together!
hi just wanted yo say #ABDC7 here we come i talked to phunk #teamFollowback << plz follow and help support
The Millionaires are well.......the lyrics are not the best to say the least lol
kristi is hosting PBS arts fest program the little mermaid tomorrow & worked with before
Smiley's Beach Party is back at Eat'n Park! 99-cent kids' meals, summer specials...what's not to love?
you are the man.... let us know when editing is done, can't wait to see the video!
you look gorg ! cute couple (;
Kentucky: 5 million people, 5 last names
Did you get 50 Shades yet?!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 8pm to 12am) , $5 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS W/ DJ 12 Tribe on the tables
There is a lot of work going into #StuPidasso right now to setup the groundwork of the studio, but rest assured it is getting done.
Well let's hope that's the case man! Let us know what you think!
Yes, all the time.
feel so kind atm giving loads of shoutouts! ahaha(a)
If you want your life to change, you have to change your life.
kay u too! Love you!
Yes, me 2! Saw it once twinkling RED, another awesome moment in my life...
poor thing :( I'm sorry missy that's no good at all.
How I'ma Get Sick On A Friday .
My office, er needs a new coffee grinder. Sounds like a muffler is falling off this one.
yes, I have done this act plenty of times before
says there was no rush to release state numbers, today is deadline. They were on time, not early
Whats up nigga....where u at
#MyPastRelationships always involve us becoming besties in the end <3
Aww, reading tweets that #Dick Clark died. I grew up watching him on #American Bandstand
back at ya boo! ^_^
#scarymovierulestoliveby If you hear a strange noise, don't go exploring trying to find the source. You're not Dora.
sigh. RT “: #fyi Alfred Hitchcock never won an Academy Award for direction of a film”
Questioner suggests that Google commit to hiring 5 PhD students from his department each year. (He's joking. Mostly.)
great talking with you as well! 319 got some attention today at least its safer. I will still push for demo. Thanks!!
At this nasty ass show & is killing it!
Where's home for you? We'd love to have you see our show.
ohh true that's good though
All answers must be called in, however if you reply with your 1st and last name we will send you a discount code 4 a FREE day!
how bout cena at msg for the rumble ?
Okay, liking Hugh Fremont. Going with that for now. Thanks!!
Aw shucks. Thanks! Best of luck with your new endeavors!
Watching 4th quarter at Bellagio sportsbook. Just feels right
the riot is for u!! Duhh!!!
there is no greater freedom than being yourself...
": come with me to harrys"..u want me to eat healthier?
here for my brother's wedding :-)
tmrw will be my last day in this bitch
a dream..or hopes and wishes in the form of vivid and intentional imagery?
hi sweets! How are you, you feeling better? I've missed you. xx
Incredible efficiency to/through EWR this morning. From my apartment through security in <30 min. Very impressed
RT If olive oil comes from olives, and peanut oil comes from peanuts...where does Baby Oil come from ?
Gotta watch Sass N Style: www.youtube.com/ahsalinger
Good day...two news stations picked up an APA! press release and now KOHAN IS HERE!
Our pleasure, Mimi! Hope you're having a great week!
thanks! I think this year's sxsw is going to be insane as usual, but definitely fun for us.
Thanks for the follow! MARSHMALLOW MADNESS! by - delicious and fluffy gourmet marshmallow recipes.
Bought it last year but it took listening to it on repeat on a 6 hour drive to really love Tom Russell's cinephile-friendly album
Don't know if my phone screen getting smaller or my eyesight leaving me.
hot bath.
yeah there #athletic budget is pretty much unlimited. Well its nice to have #philknight as an #alumni lol.
Meeting adjourned!
#exciting day in the library! in honor of #randomactsofkindness free chilli in the library :)
Yo Jo, I do graphic and web design w my biz. That's how I roll. You need help, tweet my hand-dol.
ahaha really!/? :'O i still take it has long has it say do me ;'P
Awards become corroded, friends gather no dust. -Jesse Owens
Can We Trust 'The B---- in Apartment 23' ?
Also congrats to on his sick 3rd place finish for over 34k
#9RoundMinute 25 Crunches followed with 25 Side Lunges. Ready….GO!!
Government (i.e. NPS) use of social media is a constant source of amusement for me. Most of the time, it's like watching a
Christianity taught men that love is worth more than intelligence.
blue by genesis
Got My Account back from a Hacker Now i can Talk way more.
aw sorry honey. But it will be so wonderful to have you back home-I'll make cookies! xx
Totally cheering for on #theVoice tonight!
Hey Karina, I would love to chat with you about what you're up to. I'm with I wonder if there may be some synergy.
Is it weird that I haven't seen any of the American Pie movies?
RT : Great chatting, everyone - happy holidays!
I find it funny and amusing when not famous people act famous on twitter and think people want to know every damn thing they do
until Google finishes their migration tool to move existing Google Plus accounts to Google Apps-based accounts, I can't use Google Plus
blah! i hate stalkers!
Chipping away at this revision. Just hit page 55. Pages are looking all scribbly. Here's to a better second draft!
Looking for #BlackFriday plans/sales? Get the scoop in tomorrow's special Holiday Shopping edition. Can't wait!
OMG , that headache I just had <<<
Coach pop coach of the year!
At the rodeo/ Rodney Atkins. With
I feel like wacthing Mean Girls. -___-
Wow! I'm tweeting from my new Samsung Galaxy Nexus smartphone.
My sociology teacher admitted to
Gn0d and I playing game of "if we move to DC, what gets to come?" So far, dog, cat, art, and art books have made the cut.
I would totally be your friend if we lived closer.
Now, about this Kentucky Derby murder (stops blinking, reaches for popcorn)
Yes, I meant IT dept., thinking they are into control of systems, and not keen on renagades. how do u escape?
Great! Hope you can make it! Tues @ 2pm ET RT : Me too! RT : Think I need Res Lighting Magazine webinar!
Did you know: all pet sessions with Castle in the Air include a donation to the Society? It's true. We love our fur babies, too!
definitely trade with Stana Katic. 'New' rising talent!
i made it home. and i havent coughed, sneezed, or vomited blood or feces. plus i got my much needed prescription. success? i'd say so.
DO IT it's so worth it. i feel so free.
Are you eating whole, UNPROCESSED foods that are nutrient-dense? Your health can depend on that ...
The FLC is standard reading for anyone who cares about food. Should be on everyone's book shelf
"Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement." - C.S. Lewis
Should I grow the full beard?
Indeed i will give you a cookie if you follow me
Haha fair enough, that would be awesome! But I want you to pick some out fo sho. Good teaser haha...
#YouKnowYouFromDallas when you freestyle with your boys you say "I doone came doown.
Remember that hyper kid in grade school that needed to take those special pills? Thats me day 5 of this
So in about a year and 4 days , ill be legalized (y) B)
yes i do, actually at HQ right now doing some work.
Are you attending any #ArtBasel events on SoBe? Stop by and see us for lunch in between exhibitions! Noon-3PM, all you can eat!
Ahh, Pink your voice is so refreshing on a night like this.
I'm in elk grovethies, lol. i'll be back out there in a lil bit.
Is is Sunday yet?
With Peyton Manning's departure, "...Indianapolis is Brokenheartsville..." per Mike Lopresti's USA Today piece. I couldn't agree more.
Running the risk of having too many ice cream themed tweets, that was the best way to end today
like seriously for real though, look at me tweeting all over the place. GOD.
A wise man once told me don't argue with fool, 'cause people from a distance can't tell who is who.
I hope everyone out there a Happy Easter Sunday!
What is going on with comcast?
sitting in tulane waiting on uncle mervin!
I think I should be a song writter, can't sing but I have the sweetest poetry inside me that needs soft music to match it
What up people
Movie recommendation is Faye Dunaway in "Mommie Dearest"..happy mothers day
Jesus saves
make sure you tell Lloyd to see it, lol
#SwaveNation all day.
Doctors can already turn them away, can't they? Isn't it a right-to-serve scenario in most states?
fuck everything, and everyone. seriously.
Wishing the Cardinals good luck in playoffs tongiht...Go Cards!!
yeah what time? JL right?
Back fromm hell (: its been a long week...
Hilarious and terrifying.
Lately, I've been working on removing parentheses from my writing (they're usually unnecessary).
Chin up, mommy!
Unless you copy the retweet and schedule it as you would a normal message by pasting it etc.
My brother when he was younger used to be like Dora I'm not going to tell you my favorite part if you always copy it
Monday...this week is already to long...Next week Spring Break!!!!!!!!
People may get away with it all the time, but these practices are loan fraud, punishable by a nice vacation at Club Fed
Get to the place in your life where "being your best" is good enough!
Join us @ Malcolm Library for fun stories, rhymes and songs tomorrow 10:15 and 11 a.m. Space is limited to 30 including adults.[Kids 0-5]
RT : If you treat your audience with respect, they'll read your stuff. They have a lot to choose from on the web. -
I miss you. Where are you?
BREAKING: Lindsay Lohan has red hair again.
interesting! We're working 'round the clock to improve the accuracy and experience, so thanks for the feedback & for sharing!
Thanks for sharing!
It took me a full page of notebook paper to verify that, yes, I do have playoff hopes and, yes, they depend on you winning now.
just tell me when to come!
#Really? Showing a Wade commercial on FSO during a #Cavs game? Epic fail Jordan, (for target audience), you've been shitlisted
I was thinking the same thing haha! :) I think it will work lol.
its 1 am. what am i doing awake.
glad to hear everything else is working good and the eyes topmost days
Positive energy in my business this week!
so excited for our boy phillip
Feelin' nice and woozy!!
that was I just dance! Haha
Mornin tweetsters every #FOLLOW great music
If it's ever going to happen, it's going to happen in December.
IR repositories must be a part of a univ's "reputation mgt"
Even though Oct has seen 196% of it's average rainfall, Portland woman claims it rarely rains in the fall.
Lol okRT me don't get off til 5 tho lol“ Who trying to go workout with me?im Serious #teamfit”
In light of all this #pinkslime discussion I'd like to grind my own steaks to make ground beef for burgers. I bet it's just fantastic.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do. - Dylan Thomas
Ugh missed the train.
I'm enjoying the rain pouring outside the window; my office feels cozy today. Just don't want to leave for my afternoon mtgs.
Gotta go
Loving the Rocket Fish all around town!
let me know if I can set up a retry....it would be my pleasure to host
Sorry, I'm a little late but yes, I was working the game the other night. Work the Cubs one on May 13th as well.
Money money Cash
#didyouknow Over its life, a cow can provide 200,000 glasses -- or 12,500 gallons (47,300 liters) -- of milk. Crazy, right?
pleasantly surprised by the #GuyCode trend tweets!
Sippin on that yac, Rollin off a bean, shawty on her back, I'm tryna get it in ha
Life is a journey you don't know what to expect on the road
your team is a bunch of pussies, flop flop flop hahaha
good luck tonight. looking for a streak ender.
baby you light up my world like nobody else
So great to be singing again! Diving right on w/ prep for fall districts in KC!
Not going to school friday ,
hahah my dad lives over here;D
I'm confused :-/
ME TOO, OMG. I CAN'T VOTE MORE THAN ONE TIME, FML. THANK YOU SO MUCH<33
Trust=Brand. Brand=Value. The first goal of the arts is to stay valuable. Without value, no funding is secure.
RT : We hope you'll contribute an article for publication! To assist you, the manuscript guidelines:...
salsa is flame-roasted & hand-peeled. Peeling chiles 4 a living has got 2 B the greatest job EVER! Heck, I've been doin' it 4 free.
Still casting the revolving door that is ROCK BOTTOM A MUSICAL OPUS. Seeking studly lead actor-singer-drummer... anyone come to mind?
Anyone else think the toilet paper 'roll cover' was a joke and now realize they probably ought to get one right away.
Shot portions of our promo video tonight. Laurel, Jen, Andy, Martha: officially rockstars!
Haha james is still a fag
woo! Welcome to Twitter, now...start a LI if you haven't already :)
Keystone XL opponents are back on Capitol Hill dressed as referees. They're waving red flags while Rep. Shimkus pushes for #KXL, tax breaks.
I'm not sure how but I bet we'd paint houses better with a camel drawn interceptor.
#MarvelGamesNews on the way..
Looks like was not a #blackfriday gimmick - congrats on extremely infectious #advertising!
Dismayed at much difficulty am having lately staying properly hydrated.
I came. I saw. I conked out. What'd I miss?
Dude!! Cyndi Lauper just walked by me in Union Station! #childof80s!
the beast was definitely a lion bear lol
never feel stupider than when i poke myself in the eye
OK FINE I UNFOLLOWED YOU CAUSE I DONT LOVE YOU ANYMORE
Friday from 2-5 only! Come by 209 Gold to get tickets for The Spanish Room March 16 show for 50% off! This Friday only from 2-5!!
science is logical; emotions are not:-)
Do you think about my old jeep, think about the stars in the sky.
and of course, I hope you had a wonderful day
For once a good conversation around here! ;) RT : I really like that there's serious discussion about Cricket teams in my office.
Croquetas for breakfast>
Congratulations to former FOLMC Board Member, David Stewart on his new book to be released
Its a MONDAY! I want to be on a beach in the Caribbean right now. How about you?
Seriously, you'd only clear $230 Mil? out of $600 Mil?? Ugh. Just tell me the the jackpot is $230 Mil.
I heart you Todd Helton
We just passed 100 visitors at the Embassy of #Kazakhstan, and it's not even 11
Awesome!!! i dyed the tips of my friends hair for her. Oh if your looking out for me, i'll be wearing a mini top hat.lol
Watching on SNL :D
Im not finna text you , unless you text me first .
EVERYONE BLOCK THIS PAGE IS DUMB
Trying to adjust to the week starting - no more vacation
haha she actually went to Notre Dame! and i think lives down the street from me? lol. Cool shes doing scuba!!
text me about that Twolves game
I musta missed that one?
Hey I spent the first day of Spring Break (whoo!) putting Arch on the old 1st gen e. Netbooks--they're the future.
Delighted to discover Susan Shreve's Plum and Jaggers, a novel that explores some of the same territory as my Blind Girl's Bluff.
how are you today? hope things are well..
I can't believe you ate my larabar!!! Well...ok...it was YOUR larabar. Maybe I'll just gnaw on my arm for a bit.
I dont h8 mexcans. just h8 the ones tt come illegally. dont goto school,sell drugs, & hav tons of babies 2 populate the world. -whiteboysays
everybody have a good and safe thanksgiving
Thanks, Sol!
Sex is sex & Love is Love...There is a distinct difference between the2! Too Many ppl use sex to chase/hold on to love...Love from the heart
I'm gonna sound like a snob: Relegation is a purely professional concept, it cannot be fairly applied to amateur athletics
I {heart} Freddy's Pizzeria in Cicero area. They have a cute patio but the best gelato.
If I was around ur way I got you lol
Twitter in the classroom
Heat = overrated
Beat it up like
Wow starting to get ridiculous in St. Louis. When was the last time a referee has completely taken over a playoff game.
you're not in this time zone, are you?
Engine and/or Graphics Programmer position available at world renowned studio in Boston, MA. Ping me @
Still sick today, need decongestants now. But maybe if I get lucky I share this with co-workers.
#lazysaturdays love love love
Yoga pants make ur butt look good.
What a track meet at the Rose Bowl!
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than folks without them can ever imagine.
nevermind. Now I'm going to keep it.(: u seemed like u wanted it gone badly(:
And part 6 is live now. No further mention of you, but...you might like it anyway.
The rule is you're allowed to complain about one but have to pretend you love the rest. Choose wisely.
Bitch, Im the man, don't forget It.
Just sayin'. Big unique space just itchin' to host a party!
getting a tan at the beach haha
#DowntonAbbey is on sale William!
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. -Pat Riley
Any Dispensary want to do vending out there?
Undefeated lady patriots!(:
I hate to make plans because people like to lollygag
Back at work and feeling stressed? Try deep breathing to clear your head and re-focus.
I love giving advice to my best friend <333 love you baby stay strong!!! I'm always here for you!!!!(:
How are your arms?! Great job today!
DAMN! That was a sick dunk by JR Smith
I'm so hungry but nothing sounds appetizing. Fuck this stomach flu <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
TONY a word of encouragement? it is so hard to lift out of mediocrity WHY? Have ever been afrais of success? Good night bro
Tonight we partying for
hallelujah, hallelujah you have power back.
San Diego's best Italian cafe bites the dust. Caffe Vergnano in Hillcrest shutting down by the end of the month.
It will be posted & active from Midnight thru Noon. Check it out. Thanks, Abeachdude (Jim in Orlando)
Thanks for the retweet :-D
yesterday mek kept takin smokin breaks and every time he came back id see him wit the mek blown face on lol too funny
I have a C in chemistry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I thought I had a D.
Skyping while were at #Social with Bianca in her
THIS IS JUST CHILDISH
You Love it!
Eating Hot Cheetos
I peeped the video and it was DOOOOPPPPPEEE
is seriously the funniest person ever. So glad she got her own show!
yo my last re-tweet gos out to you mane hahaha
Standing outside of my apartment with a bottle of jack Daniels, I live on the edge... Or I forgot my key, don't get caught :/
Birthdays then: 'Wow! Look at all these presents!' Birthdays now: 'Wow! Look at all these notifications!'
The Last LOL
Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.-Napoleon Hill
He killed that track..
Get a corndog for lunch! Warm up in the snow @ Unicorn! Open now @ noon!!!! Starting today!!!
just give levek a big ole hug for me when you finally make it to florida!
Don't forget the small Houston area businesses during this Christmas season and "Shop Small"!
Living young and wild and free! :)
Some People just piss me off
Going to the mattress factory
this place's about to blow oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Right on!-->The market is always right. Must listen to what people are saying.
#Jackass will never be the same. R.I.P #Ryan Dunn.
Today on someone will be wearing a wizard costume...watch at three to find out why!
Know a Tasty Kakes runner? Little difficult to get the out here.
I don't understand fans who only care about winning. Watching Barcelona pass the ball out of the backfield makes me happy.
Luckily, I saw him at last year's Ponderosa Stomp. He was truly talented. There isn't much press on his passing.
are you still showing Madmen on Sunday nights?
COUPLES NIGHT! 2-for-1 Entry for ALL COUPLES...ALL NIGHT LONG! Call for a FREE LIMO PICK UP! 702.894.4167
Who you going with Sunday? Who do you have anyway?
cross country soulmating is hard work.
watching Insidious! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> I'm scared and it just started lol
that's wats up
Took a little nap. Time to read <U+263A>
good what abt u
Thx very much for the #FollowNow!
#3wordsforyou Hands over pizza
My waiter's name is Vegas....
#Avengers 'nuff said
hahahahaha oh god....
I know, right! Good times. Good times.
lol its a prank. when he tweets like stop what or something we are all gonna be llike BEING PERFECT
follow me?
thanks bro!
After what you told me today I keep over thinking and second guessinng myself /:
Keeping a close eye on the Endeavour launch. Lift off at 8:56am for last mission...we'll have it live! Fingers crossed the weather holds!
Doing my 1st set at the Hollywood on Sunset Blvd tonight!
Just waiting for *douchemiller to add me on fb...growing inpatient.
Retweet DO NOT GO OUTSIDE IF YOU'RE IN THE EYE #Ike (Good reminder: there are very strong winds on other side of eye.)
Telling someone "you have good skin" is also a nice way of letting them know they don't have much else going for them
Ack, sitting in a linguistics class over syntax. Haven't taken ling courses since spring 2010! Terribly nervous...
sorry dean I'm leaving and never talking to you again. apparent kiley has a problem with us talking:(<\3 bye!
Life Keeps Telling Me I Need To Go, But What If I Wanna Stay???
40 mins to the premiere. Time to get out the cocktails.
sitting in on the Broadband Stimulus Package Special Focus Day at WiMAX Forum Congress Americas - great speakers!
Cadec Global Launches PowerVue Enterprise Edition, Setting New Standard for Advanced Fleet Management
So excited to hear speak!
thank you Obama that's what he wants to destroy the USA
o u so hipster
If she acting stingy with that head I'm a replace her lol
Wipeout has to be the best show on ABC! Now Americas Got Talent!
#fact RT Ewoks are always happy, they naturally release lots of ENDORphins.
Getting tired of spending money on tanning and nothing happening
- Yay! Can't wait. I'll text u during the week. Love u tons!
"In a start-up, there are no knowns... What you want is people comfortable with chaos." - Steve Blank, last night at Latino Startup Alliance
Cried myself to sleep last night . Lol nbd .
County music in the spring & summertime >
Hopefully people read between the lines and find some wholesome value -important for grad students to experience publishing
America canT afford another over-privileged trust fund son like #georgeallen or #mittromney. George W Bush proved th folly of fallG for THAT
All of us here in your hometown are so proud of you! You're on the local news every week and about to be again soon :D
Happy Greek Easter to everyone
well he will have an ace receiver to throw to! Loving the raider pick of chriner u of a baby
I would hold Texas in a higher regard if I based my opinion solely on your tweets. Sadly, we're taking about Texas.
you be spending too much time on tumblr fredo ;) you be exposing us !!
CAD/CAM innovation: a pathway to better implant restorative dentistry
an angel with one wing would just fly in circles. Lol
Can't wait to see at Vans Warped Tour 2012<U+2665>
Apologies for the hacked messages - all fixed. Thanks judges Dafna Jam and Maddy Beckwith Markets for the heads up.
Thanks for the mention! I'm in love with FishFoam!
I have always liked their knit ware patterns, but their stuff is very expensive. It seems that I am not the only one ;-)
Crab cakes and a New York strip... Gotta love Prime.
Stating the obvious: Americans (including myself) are addicted to distraction. Consumerism veils the issues that go continuously unsolved.
thanks for the follow, we've got a few "Hoosier fans for life" on our BOD too! Come talk hoops with us at the Kickoff.
Today iis UNESCO’s World Book Day, chosen due to the anniversary of Cervantes’ death, as well as Shakespeare’s birth and death.
Life's too short to never have lived in
Stick acting silly again, and I'm in losers for marvel. :/
The smell of curry bothers me lol
Oh I'm sure it is rene ~.~
Doing great thanks. Busy day at work :)
A few club students are making a feature this summer. Please check out
welcome the new born!
Why don't the shitty things in life happen to shitty people? I'll never understand that about the world.
The sky is the limit.
: in the merry ol' UK was my 200th #Follower. He deserved a happy
Did so much flvs today, proud of me <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
RT : Fun Fact: South Africa is the second largest exporter of fruit in the world
and for Presley Askew???
Ha yes amongst the millions of mentions she gets a second but crazier things have happened
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 15
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
July 20th seems so far away. I can't believe it'll be over though, Nolan did Batman justice.
Listening to a podcast on the economics of hitchhiking. Sometimes a fellow can just be too darn smart.
Football, Halloween, Thanksgiving, Holidays and then ... returns to the on NYE, your $99 tickets coming soon !!
Let's conect.
Oh do i got a story for my best friends.
Yes I did walk to Denny's and am eating alone, relaxing day :)
I miss y'all big head Niggaz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thanks For Following Me Your So Awesome!!!
how does the mini handle?
Sounds Great! am down for a collaB!
Word! As long as it's not exclusive to Canada I'm fine waiting.
It's official! The status for our TTB application online has gone from nonexistent to "Pending"...
I'd tell you to watch Caps-Rangers at 12:30 but Chelsea-Liverpool should be a good game.
Had an awesome mtg with Kimery with Such a great group to paddle with an no better location in Austin!
Follow me please? Love you!
That thing where you sit alone in your hotel room and read your paper out loud
Here come the water works.
is a classic #FF recommendation! Thanks - and a bushel basket of shiny red apples for all the great educators behind the @ sign!
Strip House is pretty solid as well. Loved Croatia ep btw!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!(:
m. possible retraction. just perused page & it looks like too much work. salad from sounds about right...
I'm always enjoying #FULLCOURTLIFE wish it was an hour. By the way date was better. Sorry La. lol.
no but i dont care really as long as i have the autograph i am fine :)
R u a serious Hip Hop artist, do u live n Detroit, do u want 2 be apart of an award winning Hip hop documentary? Send me sum of ur music
chillen kid same shit wbu ? What you been up too
Midnight premiere of the avengers! #sopumped!
Awww u having withdrawals
I love Jealous (:
#ThingsIGetAlot....Your nails are way too cute && they're such WEAPONS lol :-) :-) :-)
WATCH EBON LURKS ON YOUTUBE =] I REMEMBER WHEN I TINYCHATTED WITH HIM I LOVE HIM CAUSE HE LOVES HIS FANS....
I really don't wanna drive right now -__-
Also, I am proud of some Pens fans. Flyers fans are as foolish as ever. Don't watch the game then show up after a win celebrating.
Showered clothes iron and in bed winning I'm so excited about tomorrow <U+263A>
Office Uniforms Catalog - Davids Domain
I literally haven't done ANY homework all may
Im No Better Than The Bum In The Corner, And Neither Are You.
Wen i write i say the silent lines you never see on my life script. I say the hidden words that wasn't recorded.
: >> Again, Thanx for the follow. We will add you to your "List" ~~ "Have A Successful Day" ~~
oh please! Lol
Erin that man making me laugh. RT you say that as if there aren't gay people in your community.
Thanks love
GM Tweetie-ladybugs. Tuesday is a day to embrace that reality that the week has started. Raise your heads high, and be the best you can be.
Glad the Lakers showed up with their X-Factor "World Peace". Lets see how Mamba plays against solid teams with no help....
Just wish he ain't tht fine !
Im blessed with a light facial hair. Women love rubbing on it. Can't keep em off. When you get women with it, Holla.
“: Good looking website.” www.chadthebailguy.con
have fun in Lawrence!
A foot massage can stimulate vital functions, eliminate toxins, & improve blood circulation. When was the last time you had a foot massage?
I think about you more than you realize. Most likely about the same things....
just got done playin bball owned mikie (; now getting ready to go out with the girls :)
Though all my music has a 'Live concert ' sound,,, without fan responce,,,I am now looking for studio help to creat a , ''Hight Quality...
When helps me with my homework
I really hate that I #can'tfallasleep! #insomnia sucks!
Absolutely too short. Robert Carlyle and played my favorite characters. I'd kill for another season (or movie).
Uh, you know thats impossible?
Sometimes all you can do is give your best and if it's not good enough for one person than they never really deserved to see it.
Lauren Is the coolest person I've ever met:))))
Good to know that as Ralph's daughter Nefra let us all know his favorite word was "mothrf$%%" Good friend Jimmy Buffet played in his honor.
Theme song of the day
Hat tip to for coming up with it! :) Now, to spread the idea!
look at you catching up with the rest of the world!
nice six packs! <U+E106>
Panda poop is yummy
it all comes down to this !!!
Nice talk with EFF folks. Learned that librarians are the only profession to have won the Pioneer Awards.
Oh no! Are you coming down to AC?
welcome to Twitter UD! How's the offseason goin?
14: ok um 1st of all I clucking love your icon and 2nd your bio is cool i will never regret following you <3
just looked at the class pic from 2004-05---where is Raphael?! :-)
Thank god for coffee because how else would I shit 6 times before noon
Too many joyous moments in life to let the minute ones get you down and frown; keep smiling!
Fist bump!
Delayed reply: I'm doing well ;-) Thanks for all the hilarious tweets.
Ok, so I'm chatting on facebook with a Tibetan monk I met in India. Pretty freaking cool.
The Collection really hopes to meet in person over Xmas break!
"Our entire universe is a subtle fabric of space distorted by the presence of matter" - Isaac Asimov in Electronic Age magazine (1971)
I drank 3 Neuro Bliss today and I still feel terrible. Do you seriously find joy in making me feel this low?
I'm not that fancy. I might get a 3rd party SSD drive later and set it up. Cheaper that way
Im sleepy ...
RT : Trend #3 Local. Stop by Balihoo booth if you are attending #aadigital to learn more about local marketing automation
At the Cause Marketing session in room 118 to start the day. What sessions are you looking forward to today?
Twitter universe: does anyone know if you can get steak and kidney pudding in San Francisco, and I mean pudding and not pie.
um I thought I was following ur sister! Tell her happy mothers day & we need a plan to get babygirl on the Big Screens
Listening to
posted and article an I was already finished with the paper. But added it anyway
Chris Johnson, commentator, is a photographic & video artist, writer, curator & arts administrator.
CRASH: Officer involved crash has the intersection of Willis and Haven blocked in North Portland
Hi Carla - Thanks and let's stay connected! Cheers, -Carlos
Question: Why is Basketball such a messy sport? ** Answer: Because you dribble on the floor!
what's sopa
Wait. They play New York, New York DURING Rangers games? , looking in your direction.
just watched "Origins" on #GAC and I am so inspired! I can't wait to be as successful as you someday! You guys are amazing!
Smh I done seen and heard it all.....
YES! “: coming back to the Untied States of America!!! Look for it now showing on The Weather Channel!”
Didn't plant yet . . . but trees are blossoming . . .
Ugh I need more sleep. I'm soo tired. :(
I'm a sucker for groupons too. hehe
I know you weren't! Haha I'm only 5'1 ;) see ya tomorrow ma'am!
How My Jordans Make Me Look 1000x Taller. <<
Q7: Best: Australia - Worst: dark alleys
I'm alright I guess.. It could be worse...
“: love our life-planning sessions! Xo” yes love our coffee talks
It's hella old ppl at this Waffle House... I wonder if I'm gonna eat there a lot when I get old... Hm...
Closed #beta testing of the #Vizzda platform begins today. We are standing by for #support and looking forward to feedback!
Thinkin about getting streaks in my hair...
On crosscountry flight with crying infant right next to me we just made an emergency landing in Kansas City Life just gets better LOU LAW
writing mayday lyrics on my bed room wall...
You can NEVER use smiles too much. EVAR! :)
Yo, if I arrive a few days early for Evo, will you come and teach me how to play Guilty Gear! Or just beat me up in Marvel :*(
Pandora Radio and tanning outside. Perfect combination. :)
Truly a great loss. Open source software is the embodiment of social justice on many levels.
Headed to Augsberg College for our game in the Best Buy Classic
sounds good :)
Newt says he doesn't take polls to figure out where he stands on an issue (only cash).
Thank you and for helping to spread that is closed tomorrow.
Had no idea was into muddin' - Good thing I had some rope to pull her out! That's one cool mom - bogging b4 breakfast! :)
Can social media boost or hurt a Bdwy show before it opens?
I think I've decided to liveblog the #CTAC from behind the Box Office window. Should be a weird...fishtank view of the festivities.
Here comes a bunt.
OMG Rhinestone Cowboy! My evening is complete.
Happy Derby Day!
Like waiting until there arent as many good qb's in the next draft RT : Oklahoma return: “There is still a lot more to do.”
i know... me neither... and i see u lol watchin gypsy wedding... thats my show
make my following button blue?(:
happy to oblige
Ooh no! Ethan! You you Ah! There is a bunch of angry wild beasts coming RIGHT towards us! :O "Eyes get big" :O
you go for girls with looks, try looking deeper than what's on the outside
Tweet of the season. Classic. #GoTribe. RT Fuck it, I'm all in.
She's making jewelry now.
Currently thinking outside of the bun, Abby and I. I and Abby. TACO BELL.
The one man team is a complete and total myth. -- Don Shula
both were for the dog actually.
follow me?
Are all beautiful people really happy? What does Happy and Beautiful really look like? See post: www.giggling.blogdog.com
sorry, it was 3am so my fashionable judgement was probably off
There are so many pressures that are put upon young women. Whatever we can do to alleviate that . - Drew Barrymore
Street teams will be coming soon!
okay well I still don't get why hes not gonna play us at all??
Yup... crapped my pants.
it's freaky how much my history teacher/ varsity baseball coach looks like skip schumaker.... so creepy
That doesn't surprise me. My son is all over me for this on. He thinks he's being subtle.
Dang… The "intern" is schooling us here this morning.
that was my guess too!
So have you decided to do a photoethnography of desk art? It would be awesome!
Reserve your room for #SMILEcon NOW! Hotel rate expires tomorrow! www.TheSMILEconference.com
gotcha! I was RT another....
Ok best friend. Sweet dreams. I love you!! <33
back down a country road the girls are always hot, and the beer is ice cold
: thanx for following !
I am working on the late shoft today. Hopefully, the rain will stop when I have to leave for work
I got To Get KNOWN
S/O the Golden Corral lunch crowd.
Currently experiencing a fail. Hoping my non-returnable order which arrived in shambles can be replaced!
“How soon 'not now' becomes 'never'.” Martin Luther
KC is the Town...
Be the person that your dog thinks you are
I've found most DC food is good, but it's really hard to find great like you can in NYC or Chicago.
ACTUAL ALERT: RT : Major gas leak at McClintock and Hellman Way near Cromwell Field. Fire Dept on scene. Stay away from area.
Fuck this equality shit. No excuse for women acting like nasty men born in a barn yard. YUCK!!!
To all our fans who we consider our friends & family.....Be safe and Happy
Writing then...sleeping!
what a terrible friday.. :(
Cheering for my Wildcats!
And when we wrote this story, how did it end?
I’m learning to trust my instincts more. Verdict? Sometimes the F-bomb IS appropriate…always, always appropriate.
I have #carwashphobia... I need someone to ride my car through the carwash. Who's in!?
Really nice being back in the studio with
I FEEL BAD SIS WAT WE GONE DO NOW
Amazing stories of survival from the weekend #tornadoes coming up on the
this is true but DAMN DOG!
True story: today is National Coffee Day. Drink up!
The Hookup - University Daily Kansan
Feel free to invite friends as well.
Haha No, it was your mom's dog!! :-)
Awe,how cute. I love you dough!<3
And the 7th thing I hate the most that you do, you make me love you.
RT Stand By, Florida. Newt will explain to you why the media tricked you into doing the stupid thing you did.
can't wait to see you at the New England Fanfest and the HOF ! It will be an awesome time !
umm i will pass bye
OMG I JUST W4LKED INTO A HIGH SCHOOL PROM AND EVERY1 IS SO UGLY
No prob. Thank you for informing me of
":~ domain where the soul is said to live after the death of the body" I astral travel all the time. Anywhere anytime.:-)
Happy Monday everyone! What do you have planned for this week?
#fracking And SO few were cognizant of it & its multitude of dangers involved!
-_____- you look like a malnourished giraffe..
Chilling in the bed with a bra and underwear on.... #thatsthewaytogo :D
unlimited plan for $250; occasional plan at $9 per hr; 223 members; the economic impact on Cville...PRICELESS
true story
Omg yes! I got a free medium iced coffee coupon from Dunkin.
Podcast coming soon from the , & we'll lean on to share his slides! Dissertation fellowship project.
guess what my new ringtone is. d=
Less than a half hour til ari's live chat :D
Man, I would love to be in Disneyland right now. Who all are you with?
Wearing Tight Clothes And Pertending To Be Someone Your Not For Someone else
I want to die, never going to answer me
CAT O'NINE TAILS in 35mm & CABIN IN THE WOODS was a successful Friday the 13th
what a great way to think about 'rules'. I will use this! Thank you!!
Chicago bound with the hope that my new niece/nephew makes an appearance!
We hope you find the #motivation to have the best weekend!
Jayden playin wit his crayons so i ask him wat color r da crayons..he say red yellow blue green orange nd chocolate...lol he is hilarious
Blastin' music so loud that your house shakes..
Animal allergies
#PrayForClaire She just passed out.. She's not doing good... She is a coma like stage...
all movies end with marrage,dieing,or somebody getting the mann of they're dreams
I'll be ok
yes, just felt it at Union Station
well I'm going out lol you got my number?
i got that, but i want it more safe
He will be 'great success'! RT : Mislav Brzoja is going to try out for Kentucky? WHAT A COUNTRY!
Tornado Watch until 8 p.m. Ah, spring in the Ozarks, gotta love it.
SoCal I love you. U have big green hills and 2/3 of the radio stations are in Spanish
happy birthday/valentines day love!!
RT Words of wisdom: Until you have a couple hundred followers, never do original tweet without # or
can you follow back please :)
oh dang she looks scary there lol.
Goon squad bonding and me haa
Sometimes all the bad from your past clears the way for the best of your future.
That tends to be a side effect of attending the National Dog Show. The cutest side effect ever, that is!
they r about to make a comeback haha
TY for the mention
There's a couple like that in the earlier claims, finding de minimis copying where no one can prove students read it.
went to the #Avs game tonight and got to see the Avs better Halves and oh my god there all really pretty
Thanks so much for the #FF <U+2665> !
Can't sleep like whatsoever .
kicking it with you I hope! Go #nuggets lol
I'm seriously letting you go and not gonna let you try to come back. I'm really gonna try my best..
Happy Admin Pro day! Today is your day to shine! Lol
Assuming you mean writing papers and completing projects, then the answer is yes. Many folks have made commitments for school work.
Thursday sounds perfect! What class?
Hello ashtabula. Again.
someone once told me i looked liked a 12 year old. that was last year... hm.
Emil is touching down in California right about now! Which songs from Uncovered are YOU most excited to hear in their fully-produced form?
I think Jason Segel (minus 10 years) works at my gym.
Emotional roller coaster... Not good!
Why succaz swell up when a real nigga com around??? It's prolly an allergic reaction... HA!!!
RT : great service! Always have a blast with my crew on the #rooftop. It's all about the fried toter tots!...
Morning! Happy Friday!
Fun fact of the day: Slugs have 4 noses. What fun facts do you guys have?
Using the Whole Foods wifi to continue pecking away at neglected email queue while Alex meets with study tutor.
you can submit your own pics if you want.
Good morning everyone :)
Back to the grind..
Happy valentines day to EVERY female that sees this. You're all beautiful and should know you're special in your own ways. Single or not!
u got a dad named Alex?
#thingsIlove2Hear "what do you want for your birthday?"
I'm torn. I love you, but I might have to unfollow you. So sad.
I love lying in bed and listening to the rain.
My brother always blows things out of proportion.
what's on the agenda today black guy
that's coo go ahead
good morning twitter... I just updated my i-pod touch so it is good to go...
guys if I send Austin something to sign would he actually sign it and send it back?
#NowPlaying –Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Coldplay – Every Teardrop is a Waterfall (Swedish House Mafia Remix)
heard my alarm going off picked my phone up wondering why the snooze button didn't work cause I imaginary turned it off smh now that's tired
I'm bakin in the CC bottle! you're makin me so jealous!
No doubt about it, I've gotta get another hat!
Might be the next iron chef.
love it
what you mean what ones I only know one smith family fufu
hey!! I know!! I'm good.. yeah a couple. U?
So sweet, Linda! Darling little ones.
Melting faces tonight in Mounds View, MN
My name isn't that unusual but it is constantly misspelled/mispronounced. Its a pain. I wouldn't burden a kid with a weird name.
Thank you for the follow.
Great call on ! F Pittsburgh!
Alright kids, so who is going to startup Housebook?!
So I am on another adventure with God, stay tune
Man I hate typical females
#SuperBowl coin toss=#heads Fun fact: heads is heavier so it usually lands on tails about 51% of the time when people toss me.
presentations this Friday night!
great day to get out there and play some disc golf with your Mom! Happy Mother's Day from us at Bushwhack!
I am not working at Abercrombie. o.e
F.R.I.E.N.D.S: (F)ight for you. (R)espect you. (I)nvolve you. (E)ncourage you. (N)eed you. (D)eserve you. (S)ave you.....
I party tho n I got this good movie company
no negative thoughts...i just wanna have a good day today.
Doesn't look all that to me... :/ the avengers tho!!! :D looks dope!! Lol RT I can't wait to see The Dark Knight Rises. :]
You'll grow to love it if you stick with it.
Outlaw Deluxe Demo rel. with TED RUSSELL KAMP, after "Honky Tonk Happy Hour" with Matt Monta from 6 to 8!
Okay I'm a need twitter to get its shit together O_o
Follow me , please please , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME , FOLLOW ME
“: I do it because I can. I can because I want to. I want to because you said I couldn't.”
I need food and bed! Hurry up Daniel
That $3.1 million in tax $$$ to DeMaio's think tank was to teach feds efficiency, which according to Republicans, didn't work out so great.
This video with Andre3000, Fonzworth Bentley, and Kanye West is a trip
play ball this your big bro#
yes you did
. Thanks for the update. I see you guys used pinnacle cart. How do you like this shopping cart? We using very often them.
REALLY? You'd follow two men of enormous integrity with a man with a, uhm, shadowy past? RT : Jim Tressel
Sending all my tweeps good vibes for a great day!
Absolutely!!! Friends are those rare people who ask how you are and then wait to hear the answer.-Unknown
User:SolbergYen497 - Salisbury University Math Dept Wiki
Thanks! Would love to have you demo
It would be cool if men could keep their misogyny to themselves in public so I don't have to hear them out themselves on the train
Spent the weekend fighting a little cold. Saw TINKER TAILOR SOLDIER....SNORE! Being sick & being single sucks.
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for ALL BETTIES! and DONT MISS VEGAS KNIGHTS TOMORROW FOR OUR NEW YEARS EVE BASH!
Sounds like a plan! Good to meet you!
WiniWalksRunway: Illiterate Lol TyreeTerrible: What is it called when you can't read or write?
Finally found the person who could make it happen. Her name is Lise Harwin and she totally gets it. More to come.
I'll be your bartender and will be our chef
Congrats to Oxy Soccer Player Andrew Larkin on being named All-SCIAC Golf!
That's how I do it. I love you girl <333
Komen is restoring funding to Planned Parenthood. Amended rule to not fund if they were found guilty after investigation, not just under it.
Those are all good points. I probably should have done a better job framing the advice in the context of survival
Five baby rabbits still alive; four dead, two we can't find in the nest. Hold on, little bunnies!
#GOLF -- UTOPIA WOULD LIKE TO PERSONALLY THANK YOU FOR FOLLOWING OUR FILM
Got two tickets, one for wheels directed the wrong way...thanks SanFran. The Mass plates didn't indicate that we're broke?
'if you're homeless, you never feel safe' - interview with client discussing support services and housing through SD County
I agree w/you about NFL 'dying', but your logic is off. You arguing whether boxing popular/not & why. What matters: THINGS CHANGE
Had another session with Patron Saint, this show is gonna be ridiculous that's all I can say
Good Sunday enjoying the nice weather in Chicago.
#YouveDoneItToo eat something off the ground.
No worries. It's exciting. Bigger and better next Season!
And thank you and for the experience!!! You guys rock harder than stones! See you at pride!!
Clarification: fuck Mac miller. He's straight trash
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there. Especially the ones doing it by themselves
I just pretended to die in front of my dog, and the dood just sat there looking at me like i'm some person from the looney bin.
"Let's do it for the dinosaurs!"
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick"
GOOD AFTERNOON
one more week, but in total I'll have been here a month. It's been so excellent :)
I would eat the shit out of a penguin!
Busy day with student media projects in Horticulture and Family Social Sciences..looking forward to it!
Breakfast of Champions!
And eating a grapefruit a day for a week, heals heel spurs!
Retweet if you love Keenan and kel..... And orange soda :)
At the eye doc on the sunniest day of the year. I anticipate visual challenges.
im so none Memphis.
I look so young wen I wear my real hair.
the night is long ;)
see the work we do with parents and teachers on the ground before passing judgment
I love venting to <U+E00E><U+E32D><U+E056>
Team Fried Rice???? I'm in! haha RT dear fried rice, i thank you and i love you.
XMAS IN SPRING! The joy in watching Barcelona lose for the 3rd time! En casa cabron! AHAHAHA! Bandwagoner team down!
Reporter tweeted that Marlins have a lot of those & they're playing RT : Look at all empty courtside seats in Miami. What a joke.
manager said she'll be sending the app around 4pm today. If I don't get accepted I'm going to kill myself. When do u get to move in?
thank you for following us
I don't feel good!
Yay! I'm writing a story for myself
SHE SAY MA LEATHER SO SOFT!!!!!
panty dropping? ? I dunno!
Thank you all for the love and well wishes,we are finally home with Ava.Jonathan has been the most amazing Husband and Daddy!
We are alive. So live!
Special thanks to Chris (), GM of Harbor House for the behind-the-scenes & kitchen tour event last night!
: who is this anyway?
Awesome and so true
I Love Louis :)
how you guys do mate!?
BASEMENT!!! : Cool! I'll be back from NYC june 2. it's goin DOWN
Stuck at work and all I can think about is how I should be practicing for next week's show...
I have a problem remembering names but I hardly ever forget a face
Which duchess famously wore a diamond encrusted flamingo brooch? Find out w/ Rachel as she tours the Cartier Exhibit. Sat (2/20/10) @ 5:30pm
Bout to eat dinner! #Steak!
Be grateful for luck. Pay the thunder no mind - listen to the birds. And don't hate nobody. Eubie Blake
haha night night!
As a lighting designer I'm dying to be in the room more, not less. Worked at Spoleto this year - you were great.
Our soup today is "Unstuffed" Pepper; Ohio sausage, rice, tomatoes, red and green bell peppers and garlic.
when i see new pictures of justin: "i see london, i see china, i have one very happy vagina" it's true tho
fabulous!! smiles Merry Christmans & Happy New Year!!
Our necessities never equal our wants. - Benjamin Franklin
Define your impact on business: “the specific measurable performance indicators that relate to strategy & goals of the enterprise"
Ready for ending Keynote, been an awesome
Who you have on your career and life buses are so important. So blessed to know such amazing beings.
You don't look like a "bad bitch". You just look bad, bitch.
Already saw three people I know (despite it being a Friday) just on the way to the CS lab.
Most likely.
Today is Tuesday and I better go to sleep so I can get up and show these young ladies their new home
We have the 2008 Catherine et Pierre Breton Cabernet Franc by the glass now!!
Havin big ass ten thousand dollar rims on a busted up shit ass ride #thataintwinning !!!!!!!!!!!
location is a little ghetto tho (tiny bit)
Man just killed it with his previous tweet. (and I don't apologize for the shitty joke)
Don't call me Nancy.
My hands itchin of winning a future knicks bet ...Lls.
RT : Is there anything NYT readers love more than a yoga scandal? Yes, preschool admission stories.
Ok 10 questions...
I would appreciate a ride to work right now...in a boat.
you are a class act!
Do you even have to ask;-) RT : Is it niggerish that my basement smells like GRAPE POP? Lmbo
Made it to Craig, Colorado. It's getting chilly!
It involves FEEDING? RT : In honor of Shark Week, I have an idea. It involves the cast of the Bachelorette. And sharks.
something bout a pinhole beside the battery, holding cap/lock/delete? Or something like that..
Thanks for following Jeff! :)
Always look forward to your picks -
I love your music! :D
got it where did u get dat pic lol :)
it's gonna be fun. And I can't wait for four square
Great presentation by Prof plascencia from Arizona shows employer sanction laws are a sham-only workers are arrested through these laws.
Thank you for the support tonight!!
Alone... so alone. But really- I just got a Droid and love it. Maybe you should switch? ;)
yeah man it was great gettin to build for a sec, when i get back from new orleans i'm def sending stuff your way
black so they match my belt
THANK YOU to our wonderful attendees for sharing your ideas and insight!!!
Day 3 of my shakeology cleanse, lost 8.3 pounds, I can't believe it!
did you just say that "BBQ is ass in Austin?" I've never seen anyone say that in public before!
While working on the Villarreal story, we noticed something strange about a setup involving another area spokesperson.
For about 2 more years maybe even 4, i'll still be bullying them! Ha! Plus y'all gotta start calling the And-1 carries they do!
some days napping beats homework, most days napping beats homework
Christian i wish your mom a super happy mothers day! she is a greate mom! she is a role model! i love youu
Peyton Place. Waiting for the ink to dry before celebrating. Now Colts fans can dislike Denver as much as Browns fans. Super Bowl XLVII?
Probably because your mouth is opened on your twitter pic lol
Stop beng so charming all the time
Omg I Think I remember that!!
No pain no gain....but then no pain is sort of gain in itself right?
RT : RT : In Salt Lake City for the NCC/NRC race directors summit. Lots of great info! Thanks, guys!
WOW JUST COMPLETED 5 SETS OF DEADLIFTS, I HOPE I CAN MOVE TOMORROW! SO OLD SCHOOL BUT SO EFFECTIVE! KOR STRENGTH!!!
Casey Hayward.
haha, so wait...it said Daniel Radcliff is taking an archaeology class...is he in our #ANP203 course?!
whats going on... I was listening to bone thugs last week and remembered you were the first one bumping it in p.a.
Leinart to Oakland? so Palmer, Pryor & Leinart are Raiders? Interesting.
You teach and lead by who you are, sometimes by what you do, and seldom by what you say. ~Ric Belda
amen sista. what happened?
I smell of celery.
Spending time with you, friends and family >> making money and everything
Its weird to think that I grew up w Degrassi that had "Jimmy" and kids growin up now will only know "Drake" as a rapper. Kinda crazy. Lol XD
indianapolis,Indiana wbu
#ThisSummerImTryna get my own place
you're not missing anything...it's horrible
Nice! I deleted mine but it would compute times to plant based on my schedule to maximize $ and experience.
Nope, that's fine. If you want it to be really easy, have each person edit their own page. Can all be in the same wiki.
I should seriously market an energy drink called "Donkey Punch". Works on so many levels.
Stoked as shit to begin working on new jams with tomorrow!
Busy morning--blood drawn for lab work--at eye doctor now--getting old! Today is my son Ashley's 31st birthday--proud of a great son!!
really is following u?! You're so lucky!
thanks for the support and follow timmy costco is that super savings store that you have to love and check out
“: u always seem to amaze me bro #happyfathersday” thanks Homie gotta stay on it!!!
i know! he never wrote me back though :)
": My nigga coming thru next weekend. We just might hit the relays one time." We in there cuz
I was planning on it! But you're not coming to Pittsburgh this summer :( eventually...did you see the other ones?
why am I not there?
Is it bad when i have to charge my phone 3 times within 10 hours?? :/
Thank you & ! Just a few week's time, y'all
I love you man. Best man on any ESPN! I'm stationed in Louisiana. Barksdale, AFB! you should bring the show down there! :)
Yes. I did run in like a SWAT team. I rushed in to rescue the cookie. And I did. So I'm a hero. Er...of sorts. :P
haha, that's right! :)
I, the Uni, and the band, wish we could have come to Cop. I look fwd to meeting you sometime soon. Know it will happen!
what qualifies an album to the wall @ your house? We always struggle with what to display...
State of the art.
Cannot wait to go to college.
hello there! I'm always looking to follow interesting ppl who are also pursuing their dreams! So yay to you too! :)
QUOTE - "Confidence is what you have before you really understand the problem." Woody Allen.
How in the world is my #BBNFam I haven't been on here in a few days! Hope all is well!
Nash said he would consider going to the Heat if the Suns don't improve over the off season. He's a free agent
Autotune is a guitar talk box.
Welcome back from the long weekend - come join our 630pm adult fitness class to burn some extra calories!
Thanks Nick-it was great meeting you today! Look forward to seeing you !
what movie did u girls get after all
I cried...... That shit hurt!!! She didn't even count :(
awww i dont know that is really odd maybe its in select theatre or something or maybe in certain areas either way idk
feeling like im gonna pass out because im over-heating, but its not even hot in my room :(
Programmers say "goto considered harmful". Psychologists says "comparison considered harmful."
Awesome! Thank you.. I Love My Authors
Best autocorrect text of the day goes to for."Guzman!"
Dear Sweats... its time for us to break up #MAYY <3
GOOD MORNING did u get the picture I sent u?!?
The new #single is about to premiere on #tblms after this local music lunch w/ Jake McKelvie
WE HAVE THOSE GRIFFEY'S THAT COMER OUT THURSDAY CALL US IF YOU NEED A PAIR RESERVED (502)448-9193
Lou pump with a jerkoff layup attempt and a one legged, leaning 3 with no one under
hey :D
Gearing up for Saturday here I'd ask you to wish us luck.... But we've already got this locked down :)
The girl who won the Jeopardy Teen Tournament today was so wacky. I was cracking up the whole show and I lost it when she won.
The Doosh has often been Collected Unconscious
I don't even know what it is?! Make sure to post a link to your story, would love to check it out!
LA LA LA LA
Beating the world's deadliest viral villains
might read a bit alongside? Keep me in the loop! claudia mentioned her book on FB so had to buy it, obvi.
Anyone know who some of the people are in the Brewers "Cowboy" picture from last season?
Watched part of the funeral procession for fallen APD Officer Jaime Padron. Thank you for your service Officer Padron and God Bless. R.I.P.
DMing you now
Our fave punk band The Formics will play the Milwaukee Battle of the Bands on May 27th at the ! They put on a hell of a show!
Need A Radio Single? Tired of sounding like everybody else? Go 2 www.lumbajackproductions.com to hear some demo ideas for you next project!
Hiking The High Line « Stories My Suitcase Could Tell
yea I'm not makin it, traffic sux, I won't bother you like this again.
For me, a great story begins with a great character to whom I can relate. After that, it’s all just details.
RT thanks for the follow! Music can change the world!!
I really hate when people ask when I'm going to get engaged. Like I'm going to know before? Or like I get to decide? Ugh.
and/or like you. :-)
DJ s r wck tonite at marquee. Mcluvin it.
Great. Make sure you hang out during/after credits. There are 2 things to see. You ready for Game 6 tonight?
damn i would if i was there
#ToughMudder WI was awesome today. A challenge only a Mudder could love. I'll be there next year.
#WFUD12 Poetry is the most "bodily" of all the arts. "The medium is the audience's body"—not the actor or the reader.
Happy mothers day :)
Thanks for your interest! If you have any questions about #acupuncture and #ShivaNata, ask me anytime. :)
calling out are we? He loves tim tebow more than his own children...
tonight's the night for !!
Pretty much guaranteed, any sentence that starts with "Fuck it" ends with a brilliant decision.
#FF thanks and welcomes aboard new follow Move your way!
is it the achievement gap that generates passion?
Love Avery Bradley, love him. Lets go Celtics !
I want a copy of that!
not if ur willing to share
Libros is taking a schmiesta today, gathering energy to open for tomorrow's CicLAvia!
A HUGE HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO BEVERLY! and thanks for giving a great gift to PAWS SAN DIEGO! on your special day..YOU ROCK!
thick lizard fat bitch
Let's go KOBE don't play with yo food and eat these NUGGETS
Just Watched #STARE. I dig your style. Great job on the video! I would love to work with you sometime!
Happy 10th anniversary to the Allen Iverson "practice" rant. Not a game, not a game, we talkin' bout practice! I miss AI
hey biotch, spambot, you're #BLOCKED!
S/o to for da follow ya heard meh
Surfin the net 2day reminded me of my Army days in the field in my jeep blackout drive no nightvision goggles.
Happy Sunday -- hope you're enjoying your day =)
NEVER MIND I'LL FIND SOMEONE LIKE YOU lol jk i never had someone bye.
10 peopletagged over 1 hour! By the way, there is only one lane open, not 4!
its ok bby i still love you
Katrina Vandenberg ends a poem that swirls around the letter m: "I think of books as milk from other animals"
Hm... so maybe I'm looking at this as skinning, as opposed to theming?
Deborah is off to teach “Planning Successful Events and Galas in Challenging Times” at Biz Bash Chicago, Thursday morning.
congrats ! You've won the Heart Pendant from Iced Orchid & elf Brush Set
Europeans think we're CRAZY.
It's going to be Janoris Jenkins in about five hours
create action button shape
I can decide if two cats are mating outside or if they're fighting!
I know
Dexter is good but boardwalk empire is the best best best !!!!
learn something new about black history this month no matter what your race is...
What the convo looking like? Who up?
Suppost to get a new phone. Step dad said blackberry tourch. I got excited..then mom said shes getting it and I can have hers? NO!
Shot out to for staying on his music grind.
Oh my gosh, i got the perfect idea. Heheh first day of school 8th grade?! :) Or no.
The rich worry about who is trying to steal their money, and the non-rich worry about not having enough money. We must get rid of money.
Yeah he smashed
ayyy que cute you guys are having a moment!! =D Bueno!
Very excited- just did my interview with Marla Tabaka from INC Magazine for the article I will be in on Monday.
Id like to punch my doctor.
okaay! Do it right now:P
I just ate at Pembroke Pines.
Our awesome #Fridays bartenders are pouring $2 domestic drafts and $4 #highballs all day long. Why not stop by and say hi?
Never have I ever been more jealous.
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer this wknd! Call (415) 609-4222 or
It is exclusively showing at currently. You are going to have to make the trip to Roosevelt Island!
Thanks for your excellent presentation today at !
escuchando justin bieber + facebook +chat+twitter = to much fan ¿? jaja
Can ya go to yallwire and vote for Keith Moody it's number # 4 right now and my dear freind Jamie Jean shot & directed the video!!
I think he might be on to something! RT Sometimes I think these Kardashians are just doing stuff for the attention.
She be dancin for them dollas!
Hot cocoa + chocolate liqueur = so much goodness
when u making it seem like u the mature one. grow up why don't u?
Let me record your next album.
lets talk about this later in first hour . did my lb get in a fight ?
Me too! MT : I fav tweets w/ links, to read later. It's the easiest way to keep track of them. Is that odd? Is there a better way?
jeremy's iron
who cares is Fucking slash isn't in the band.... GNR is amazing and better now.
Baron u suck man.
Pour sum henny on them niggasz .
17th century docs have convinced me to list beliefs as "ye Catholick religion." Nice consonants there.
I LOVE YOU
Ever seen me mad? I don't think you want to.
oh don't I know it, from the desk here at KPTV. We're juggling live shots heah.
Do me right. You know what I like
I did! Will respond back come the A.M. with a few humorous coincidences!
MY BLACKBERRY SUCKS! On a brighter note, CSC Fest is this Saturday at The Crofoot! Who will we be seeing?!
Found a few amazing jobs to apply to... too bad I have so many papers to write :o/
That is a very appealing offer. Driving thru the Dolomites maybe. Unfortunatelty I live in the middle of the USA. Little Rock.
she will have to have a operation next time though
I'm bout to take some pics of me
Up up up up.
you know you like it towel boy.....haha
haha.i will have to decide which child to bring since I cant control both in public. 11:30 sounds good
Follow for updates on new educational film about boys' development in cultural landscapes that privilege hypermasculinity
is so cute at #NNNAwards !! She is such a diva!! Love it!
dragged my ass out in the middle if my sleep.
You aren't bad looking! So shush that mouth! lol Or at least the fingers. xD Your talking amuses me.
You're amazing and seem like such a down-to-earth person. I love you <3 You're my inspiration.
how lovely the fragrance of the Juniper Eucalyptus Wreath hung from the foot of the antique iron guest bed
Got Smoke - from the AZ fires? Ask me about #Pella's Designer Series w/ triple-pane glass. (505) 918-6339 or
#SexualPickUpLines Hi my name is Blake Griffin c;
Thanks for the RT!
Tweet or learn in school I think
you are such a sweet precious princess
Phil cares. We all care.
please follow me I love your videos!!!!!!!!:)
Tomorow morning marks the last walk to 8 o'clock class with and sad day in brescia history
mane dang OK gribble mane
If all you are doing is upgrading a product then that's not project management. Find the business value first it gives the upgrade meaning.
really good u(:
If loving you is wrong..I dnt wanna be right<3
RT : #Huawei’s enterprise IP telephony business grew 76% in 2011. Number of port shipments not disclosed in John Roese's...
Animal abuse registry fails in committee 9-3....
Have an extra ticket to the Opening Night of GLEAM tonight at 7 pm at ... who wants to be my date?
I get annoyed so easily by some things
:D ": The average bra size today is 36C. Ten years ago it was 34B."
I appreciate the exception ;)
I wonder how many couples broke up after watching Midnight in Paris. I'm hoping in the hundreds.
So ... got your tree up yet?! - Theresa Lucas
Follow student and journalist
Screw Josh Brolin. Worst part of SNL
Highest temperatures of the year? Well, alright then.
that one ex that you constantly think about...
no you didn't
Thought you weren't giving Sarver your dough anymore?
Thank so much, Ryan! :o)
Awww!! Right back at ya ;)
Who would you rather keep in FF, Lance MOore, TO or Nate Washington? Pick 2 to keep...
what is up to since he finished with ?
phil taylor just engulfed michael vick
Hey Colonials!!!!!! Just a reminder there is NO practice today....we will see you on Thursday!!! Enjoy your night off!
Well, renal nutrition therapy is on my mind tonight. Never procrastinated this much in college.. ever.
dats something i gotta work on alot or start improvin cause i so need help wit dat n ALOT!!!
Big thanks to & attendees for a great #casesmc!
I just realized I'm high maintenance compared to most people... Feel sorry for the hubby.
Wow, great find!! I'm sure you'll be writing about this one.
that's one of my best drawings I just sent you!
Scones and coffee.
RT : #Salon Quote ~People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big #smile. ~Lee Mildon
People behind me are talking about poop..
Remarks by the Secretary of Foreign Affairs: Common Challenges, New Developments in the PHL-U.S. alliance, May 2, 2012
unsubscribed to your podcast today. Saw was guest. Full of hate, wanting Rush to catch fire. Really not funny.
#offline going in
i wanna meet you too(: i voted for you the whole way on the XFactor you were my favorite. are you going to be making a cd?
Open Mic tonight at Fatso's Pizza. Rock on!
Spenttime last night in Holton,In delivering 2 truck loads of items for tornado victims. We are truly #Blessed. Thanks 2 my leadership class
yay two show days ;) see you soon
I miss the way we used to laugh, and to be honest since you've left I haven't laughed quite like that.
always felt that tos was to campy *Ducks*
Just texting 's little brother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B2>
That big #MegaMillions jackpot has given many a serious exericse in #trust especially when it comes to #office and
Yeah, so, there are four 5th grade girls sleeping at my house tonight and they show no signs of being sleepy. Where is my Calgon???
It's ok to talk to your houseplants/pets etc. but it's not ok if you think they're talkin back!..I'm not good w/PICKANESE language any howl!
and apparently that was a short wait. At least I had great company.
Pigs Get Fat. Hogs get Slaughtered.
Excited about putting together campaigns for new clients this week, moving into providing services for H.R. departments/professionals.
Detroit ... The motor city!
I don't care. Gawdddd.
Sure, we can talk about it. How are you?
The moment where you sit down in a public restroom and your feet don't touch the floor
I want a mexican stand-off between #RonPaul and
O yay! I'm going to try it! #Google #Drive is finally here!
“ We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form. #skcnation”
..criminal dinamic, view points aka opinions, or even a breif "sigh" of resignation..they all warrent a modicum of our respect..they carve
Am I the only one that thought George W. Bush was trending because he was dead or hurt?
perfect timing! Nice cool-off for the run back :)
Another show this week at on RV park. I am thinking my "mobile home" jokes will go over pretty well there.
haha of course! ;p
is wishing she were still at the beach!
Shooting some HD promos with Lefty Perez, Eddie Santiago and Ray Ruiz...
Who doesn't need a little CARAMEL MUDSLIDE in their life?
it was free from all mail receptacles. but very fragrant.
Happy Nutcracker Season!
My entire class is at a review session, I'm at home looking at pictures of one direction//hyperventilating.
Hey #Boston friends - has anyone ever tried thinking of giving it a try
To folks tweeting #CBIadhere, thanks from one not able to make it this year. , , etc.
Your my only shorty!
These next 2 weeks are going to seem like 2 years...
omg that's sick!!!!!
Watching the Hopkins/Dawson fight, I'm reminded yet again why mixed martial arts LONG AGO surpassed boxing.
: we need to democratize access not just to archives but to scholarly interpretations thereof
Rick Scott--the budget you signed last year relied on billions in federal stimulus & $900 million of middle class tax hikes from prior year.
exactly and the better you feel and the less you worry the more girls come to you trynna get at you its weird af lolz
And of course, let us know if we can help. Are you researching waiver laws across the country or is it state-specific?
we are trying to contact you back regarding your DM that you sent us.
u aint hungry? o.O wtf,that's new? what happen.. <33
the ring being too big<<< lol
Well sorry heat.. I'm fucked up goodnight!! Struggle bus is Picken me up at 7
Can I cover everything in hollandaise sauce?
Check out... (Extra-fancy rewards system for the finest locally-owned businesses in Portland.)
Excited to run tomorrow at Race for Hope DC 5K 8 years ago, 100 lbs heavier I wouldn't have thought it was possible.
ugh I was too... that game!
So #30Rock made Tracy Morgan awfully sub par on stage.
I cried when I saw my name in the Coast To Coast EP.
Life is so great you just never know where you are going to find love or when you do find love what incredible things it will bring you
Woohoo! I might need some further inspiration at the end of the month but as of now, I'm pumped!
- Instagram is amazing ~ we should all be like you and share moments like this!! Until the next time.
And now my uverse is taking forever to load. Thank you God. I really didn't wanna watch the HAWKS in overtime.
You complain too much
the good side to snow: we can wear our new Christmas jackets and try out the Christmas sleds. Drive safe :-)
loving Sarah Gregory, very nice!
Windows are open, DJ is on the decks, now let's enjoy this great weather and head down to Belmont !
is expensive it is 18 karat gold. 600$ to make it like that. Call us at 1-888-6-FIX-IPHONE if any questions
1.I didn't know she was underage!
on Jan 20th is gonna be da best day of my life!! <U+E057><U+E057>
I'm still not drunk. Houston we have a problem.
u need 2 get on the vo
I Dont Consider Myself Bad, That's Lil Girl Talk. Gorgeous is Better.
GOP is driving the economy into a ditch - scaring markets and forcing austerity too soon. Then they blame Obama for it. Brilliant & evil
we'd love to co-host a #Grenacheday event in DC! Let us know!
Good Morning!! <U+2600>....shower time!
Ok time to get up...going to my gmom house today....love family time
yes lunch sounds good:-)
=O the things we do for love...
Out of the Norwegian PLO. Had A-A-9-3 all-in pre vs K-K-Q-J. King on the river and good night!
I love everybody.... unless I'm driving. Then I hate you all. Jerks.
I'm really gonna try to work in the Aaron Rodgers touchdown dance into my workday today. You should too.
still awake!!!
my pinky falling asleep >_<
Greta van invited them
The "Green Zone" for Radio is Scotland Yard Pub. All welcome. Any company, station, shift. "Love you, love your show" is all you need say
What difference is it to you? You're so morally and creatively bankrupt you can't even afford the tic.
January blues put in perspective. RT : #darfur at new years: looting, abducting, pillaging, bombing. all in a days work.
Sick again ugh...omg i just realizd tomarrows new years eve omg were have i been lol
All good options... do you need any beer suggestions?
Watching #americanidol with my love
It'll be a nice economic boost for that region.
Thanks for your tweet! So nice to feel appreciated! xo
"Which one's Amy? The pretty one?" "Rory, what's wrong?"
ha! What? 10 pin or candle-pin?
Last week, 9 fathers learned about how their emotions impact others in our FACT program. This week we are talking about child development
so sweet you two!
that's much betterer (if betterer is a word)
Happy Birthday from Colorado!
#iReallyHateWhen i text al this long paragraph and all u say is "k" & "lol"
YES, AND [!] I think you're great!
Actually, folks loved Arizona long before A/C (although admittedly on a smaller scale).
Download Actsophia Lite on your iPhone get 72hrs of FULL ACCESS including daily casting updates and 30+ other features for free - Try today!
Did you know? Open rates on text messages average 90-95%. We were amazed at that statistic, too.
congrats to Alfred K. Potter, Welde Cox Achievement Award honoree
lol well that's gonna be something to try! Hey follow back btw!
Please introduce me to your cute friend. Thanks. :).
Are you looking for an #apartment close to Dinkytown? Look no further, Thomas Place if just what you need! 612-703-RENT
FB Friends: Twitter handle call! A follow for a follow, por favor!
The commercial with the talking muffins is the creepiest things I've ever seen
I heard Luke Bryan was calling your name
basically if everything isn't such a process of jumping through hoops to see account, then I wouldn't be looking @ other bank offers
Looking forward to the session on engaging online discussion forums. #highered nice! Sweet, they're using
Music to our ears
The average human brain has about 100 billion nerve cells.
YOU BEAT to the link. FTW! ;)
DeSylva, Lew Brown, and Ray HendersonSong from the Musical 'Good News'
Seven years after Hurricane Katrina, University of New Orleans hoops still trying to find firm footing
Of course, this was after I was released from a jail cell that was made out of Legos. For being Hispanic.
Excellent! Finally, something worth following on #twitter - !!!
call the shuttle!
So, goodnight and stuff. :3
Well put! RT : "The McRib": for people who have no interest in meeting their grandkids.
A good leader inspires people to have confidence in the leader, a great leader inspires people to have confidence in themselves.
Be #thankful for real-life #guardianangels for it is their good works that are often unseen.
I tend to agree with you. Great idea to use leftover juice from canned fruit! Also more readily available than coke in my house.
I make my lasagna with zucchini instead of pasta noodles. Totally delicious.
We Need To Get To 1000 Followers ASAP, When We Reach Our Goal We Will Raffle Off a $300 Fully Themed PhotoShoot. So Tell a Friend.
so when you ask "is something wrong?", i think "you're damn right there is but we can't talk about it now."
Watching Paranormal Activity I'm the dark. :)
I really dont watch any sports at all, i dont even play sports i go to the gym thoe ? but only to stare a hoes in the treadmill
mature folks like mee :D
Going to #CampaignTech conf? So are we – be on the lookout for , &
RT: wth has he been to Gma house<--- idk he may have been there
Oh, #Milwaukee! You know you've been waiting for it - it's $5 martini day! Any regular or specialty martini for just five dollars.
I wanna stay here all night <U+2665>
Congratulations to for 15 great years of inspiring a #GradNation! Here's to 15 more! :)
it was huge and one was on my chin!!!
Its pointless to sit around & dream about things that could never happen.. when you can just wake up & make things happen. Happy Friday!
the thunder is not real windy out raining pretty hard
AA ain't nobody got time for that
Rapper T.I. is back in prison. Sorry Clifford Harris, locked behind bars is where you belong.
Thanks you rock as always..
thank you :-) glad you are learning new ways to connect
Deadly hit and run crash at NE 91st and Sandy in Portland. Police looking for tan or brown SUV or van, with damage to its front.
this happened near where I grew up...it's disgusting that cops attys blame victim
Good Night Muni Kids... Gotta be up early.
YAY!! RT Off to brunch with bestie and then shopping with mom
Have you googled yourself lately?
That bike has brought nothing but trouble it seems. Glad you are ok
what are you doing? imissyou so much!
Side note, the whole quit smoking thing - gonna have to try harder next time....
Here's an appreciation tweet to the guy who just installed our new washing machine.
www.ministryofideas.is is a venue for people from around the world to get together and have their saying in the future of Iceland
My bro: some guy wants me to be in his band! Me: Yeah and just tweeted me! Like that will ever happen!! Love ya chachi<3
Cool! I'll work on it. THATCamp should be everywhere!
happy Wine Wednesday! What will you be drinking tonight von Strasser?
thank you(: I appreciate it
“: Ever since I had Chipotle, I've been feenin lbs.”>>>>>>>> I love Chipotle!!!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand is this single life :( i would love to go on a date like right now !!
Towson vs. Penn St. tonight at TU. Salisbury @ Stevenson underway in D3 showdown. Hopkins v MD - looking like a classic! - Bulldog
Don't miss the new projector in the front bar Makes you feel like you're courtside while watching our #NYKnicks Tomorrow vs Kings!
Why bother making Twitter lists when I can follow most of 's lists! Ha, ha, thank you, Laura.
Thanks, sir! Mighty kind!
Hi Eric interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how ur clients are perceived Follow 2 DM?
The Chargers-Giants game was memorable for the snowballs, but primarily the Chargers' grit.
": Short Advent message rocked this AM #dowork #sorryaboutyourtarheels" seems like u figured it out! I do what I can
regrets collect like old friends.
What did the dinosaur say when the Volcano erupted? What a lava-ly day!!
I think want a new face.
congrats on getting the 9am over the air slot on 540, can't wait for it!
It annoys me that almost everyone annoys me.
Sounds good. Bon appetit! RT : Cooking some chicken wings :)
Our courts are not adequately funded. The cost of slow justice for business adds billions of unnecessary legal fees to our products. .
I would like to know how are they now?
The only info we have is the photographer's notes, which usually are just date and place of photo. Sorry!
10-4!! “: Packer Nation, and I are dancing LAST tomorrow. So please start voting at the beginning of show!”
Nothing says watching the #Royals like Vietnamese food. Except everything.
yes, dear God, yes! I am SO ready!!! Gimme a big bite o dat sacred success!!!
"Human life runs its course in the metamorphosis between receiving and giving." Goethe ~Merry Everything!
RT : never mind, i just ordered a half table for ... it was only $12.50! guess i'm going to portland again this year.
Sometimes words don't work. But beating the crap out of somebody comes in handy...
I'm talking to Myself .-.
I don't know why, but I'm in a really good mood right now.
Wondering if im legally blind or just living in a post lasik world. everytime i buy glasses they see my prescription and their jaws drop.
oh and of you come, can you bring my make up thingy I left in your room lol
Tapas Garden reopens in Indian Rocks Beach FL 1007. Let the flamenco and paella goddesses loose, it's Spanish rioja time (Ergo).
you light up my world like nobody else<3
Trippy episode of #MadMen. But where's Joan?
“: Brilliant! RT : The "earth" without "art" is just "eh" - Anonymous”
Totally awesome session on using Jscript to customize tokens in the WebPAC! Thanks UNT!
Going to pick up tickets for the show at the rock. If anyone needs them hit us up.
emphasizes her commitment to grassroots politics and the power of the people to build movements.
Make sure to watch CALIFORNICATION Episode 3, this Sunday. Quin & Reed have some really fun scenes.
found it, wish you was in Miami baby
Thank you! That guy is THE most annoying PA announcer in the league. I can only watch Heat road games because of him.
RT Meet us Village Inn-Academy & Palmer Park 4 free pie Wednesday 8pm See you there! Fred C.
Our Hero can only pick you up when you fall so many times. Eventually you must learn to do it yourself.
DAMN CANT GO 2 SLEEP GUESS I WILL BE GRINDING ALL NITE DJHUSTLE AKA MIXTAPEKING
I posted this last week, but I think it got lost in all the IHRIM posts & tweets. Would really love some thoughts on this one...
where we goin boys?
I think the family should be able to veto Jeff, just saying...
Happy homecoming to Sylvester Ritter's alma mater #FayettevilleState Broncos. Good luck against Shaw today!
I Dont Ask Much From You , All I Ask For You To Be A Mother Figure In My Life , Guess You Cant Do That For Me Can You ...
i do yo
-Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
Welcome to Milwaukee, Carlos! Enjoy your stay.
haha yeah I miss u! :(
We found you from your many mentions of Phoenix! Please let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Love the #ocean too? Check my 'Similar to You' list: and Please follow 'em. :)
Without the tan it's only a Man hat.
URGENT: Need studio lighting/strobes for a last-minute editorial photo shoot in North County tonight. Can anyone oblige? DM me.
How do you show up as a leader in your daily life? The reality is, your leadership shows up wherever you go...and I mean wherever!
Check out my music on #soundcloud , #Reverbnation.....#Bamsquad "Its the Movement "
Oh, lordylou. Are you still at the shelter?
that freakiin sucks =/ what if someone got hurt....that person could have been charged
put on a great performance today!! They never cease to amaze us!!! <3
good call daughter! No liner! Trust me! Just remember to say thank you as often as you can. Enjoy it!
It's all about The Cardigans, Gran Turismo this morning.
I think they should have a different instagram then us! It's like having your own room now you gotta share it with a loser a** roommate! Tf
Who do you use for your web hosting? Trying to .com my wikispace but don't want to spend any more than 5 bucks for the year. Ideas?
don't listen to the haters. Hope you had a good time out there with Strick
was the second hot dog as good as the first? :-) I'm guessing they don't do dollar dog night in NYC...
I was kidding about someone bringing me dinner....#HUNGRY!!
I just noticed that you guys only tweet me when something exciting happens
Picasso exhibition is awesome! No descriptive labels but the story of the exhibit shines through the pieces. Love it!
Gym to lift!
PARTY PACK'S in Kentucky! Can't wait to see all my goodies:):)
Rain was not in my plans!!!
These good chicks out here give their love and pussy to da bumiest niggas out here real talk
hacked. blah. so sorry!
i know im hhis beggiest fan do u no him i new his birthday today cuz i no alot bout im like he turned 12
Bummed about #SportingKC game. My fault! I bought a new shirt. I didn't do what got us there, but it was pretty hot for a sweatshirt.
Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber.
Me and my girl are obsessed with you. You're videos are a ritual on Tuesday, If you tweeted me back I'd die <3
is eating pixie sticks in bed
Six children under the age of 9. Wow! How do you have time to write? you're amazing.
I guess #WhatDreamsMayCome is probably a good choice for insomnia?
awww! I think that even if did bite me and laugh, it would be the cutest thing evah!
Employees deserve to have a safe workplace and fair wages and benefits.
Drop off at our Outreach desk - 2301 N Tampa - ask for Marcia & let her know it is for the Gluten Free Pantry. Thanks!
T5775 @ end L4 -- table about to break
It was my pleasure. Great job on making twitter a little easier for the new ones. Hope it didn't take too long to get home.
always the best. Same with cold spaghetti
Lmaooo": Wearing leggings with No Ass is like a wallet with no cash lmaoooooo"
hey dudes, have a good summer. Maybe I'll listen in here and there. I know you love the advise...ha ha
it sucks seeing one of your best friends so hurt. sometimes no matter what i say i cant make you feel better:/
Generation Love <3
Ready for on Saturday. and I are pumped.
uh i said so ^__^t
way to keep it real with the spygate/bounty comparison
Please, thank you, you're welcome, how often do you hear these? do manners matter or did they change? read about it here>...
thank you soo so much!! It makes us so happy when y'all listen to our songs!:))
its a square
Guerra almost got the L there. Would have won it for you.
the day gravity breaks, will be the day i can finally sing the song "i believe i can FLY!" (:
Using Dragon software to dictate my comments this marking period--so far, so good. It is a little faster than typing and less tiring.
I need to get my followers up....
1. I didn't know she was underage!
Joe Gironda and I finished our tv pilot today!!! Bring it TV!
you are the 1%
I needed this sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Take me down like am a domino
hey David! Hope and trust you are well!
Man my stomach is hurting so bad right now I don't want to go to school today ugh fuck school
MT : at the BISIG at learning about student engagement, active learning, and effective uses of technology.
#intelsmp makes point that you need to give people chance to connect with you via twitter.
Celtics down 19 at the half, and the Knicks have shot 14-21 from three. Whats that call for?
I love our lives.
I don't like your fucking music got back to Africa
Don't you hate it when you say something really dumb? Yeah, me too.
Congratulations roommate! So stinkin' proud of you!!! I'm going to miss you! But just another reason to visit LA! ;)
Sounds like someone must be using our website. We pair students with scholarships that they are most likely to win.
saw your evil twin earlier tonight at a red box getting a DVD. Kinda spooky.
are the tix gone?
I KNEW IT WAS YOU. Either way
sorta....just not involving Blazers.
Who has good springtime Frugal Finds/DIYs? Please share!
haha I hate his guts. He's an awful president
amazing that running back would be the thinnest position at USC
Biography stuck in my head because it was so egregious. Annoyed by lack of downloadable 2012 version for easy comparisons.
Pretty good! What about you man?
about to get off actually. hahaa.
Why is there no cologne called #winning ???
Welcome 2012,hopes and fears,all together ,ready for the new year :)
I'm well.Thx.I went to a wonderful Easter Concert with Wintley Phipps and was really blessed+taken2a new place spiritually.\o/
Hi Lisa! Where are you looking for a new Chicago apartment? We'd love to assist you!
did p money really jus get cut
Us too! RT We're curious to see concert outfits,
It seems that it is very hard to type when your hands are like ice cubes..... hm.....
Rise and shine!!! Lots to do today and the first place to begin is the gym.
then send them off to do their own writing. Didn't get many details on prompts but thought the idea was really useful
realizations can hit you like a ton of bricks...
RIP MJ!!U are at peace!So funny how people made fun of u while u were alive&now they r angry!enjoy our celebrated be4 they die!
some relatives email me funny pics, others send me articles about percentage depletion allowance and oil industry tax credits
-Linsanity is officially over. We can go back scrutinizing Tim Tebow!
TEXT-Fitch cuts RadioShack issuer default rating to 'B-' - Reuters
"Underwater Explorations" Solo show at Circle Gallery, Annapolis, MD through March 11, 2012. Opening this Sunday 3-5.
it so would be!
Nice! Enjoy :-)
I hate that moment when u lose ur lighter n u totally just had it
I hope you like it! did you say yours was on facebook? or maybe a soundcloud link
I envy the people not taking summer classes. Trade me places please!
Thanks for comin 2 our show on sunday at 12th n Porter! we r playin in Clarksville, TN Thursday at The Warehouse!! C U Soon
and Michelle :o) Thank you for answering all our Q's, giving us feedback, and teaching us so much! Truly appreciate it :)
so sad so sad so sad
the grocery store tho cuz..lol...I guess the cuties gotta shop to tho
Watching diners drive ins and dives!!
That's nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true
Ready for this test.
Water for Elephants - skip the movie, read the book.
i feel your pain. In Boston. Today is slightly redemptive, though. And I just can't stand the Rays.
Good morning to all my followers who are up and who haven't been to sleep yet ...
Life is a game, Play it. Life is a challenge, meet it. Life is an opportunity, capture it.
With apologies to the Del Mar Racetrack, U-T San Diego: Where the old media meets the new.
Did you know windows are the biggest factor when it comes to a home being energy efficient or inefficient?
I'm liking Chevy woods more
Official, Browns get T-Rich. Now we have some offense!
Optimism can't -- and shouldn't -- be dictated by the economy or other exterior factors.
Join us tonight + stay for our Thursday night talkback following the show!
Happy New Year friends and clients! It's going to be a big and exciting 2012!
Arizona State set for title defense: Story The good news for at least the opening game is Stanford was 14-1 in neutral-site games thi...
I want to go! #MATAFestival - Apr 17-20 includes performances by QNG - Quartet New Generation, , ,
Hey if you ever need a stunt double I'm your man! Lol another day getting compared to her by strangers lol
LOL! Will you write this for me? RT The Complete Idiot's Guide to Being a Village Idiot
I'm trying to keep it together, but I'm falling apart..
Melvin Ingram is looking fresh. That's a suit boys and girls.
I agree! Good night!
Thanks for the follow. I followed you back. Thanks for supporting !
B/C they spontaneously combust! Mine did. RT : Apple is recalling 1st gen iPod nanos and is offering new 6th gen iPods in return.
Waking up to the news of Terrell Thugs likely being shelved for the 2012 season is the best news I've head all week!
Great. Pretty soon there'll be 900 Ferris Bueller disciples running in the hallways ;-)
systems thinking mindset is reflective consciousness, the inquiring mindset
Santorum bracelet: "MAKE UP STUFF"
SOON thts not good i need to hear here is justin bieber preforming world permiere of BOYFRIEND
Always said he was the LeBron of La Liga. He's easy to hate, a physical freak, could be the best but too soft mentally.
That's not cool
I think" the help" is my all time fave movie, no doubt..
let it all hang out, girl! Tonight is your night to go wild.
RT if you're still recovering from yesterday's
#IThankGod for nothing. i get shit done on my own
How's bout puttin landmines on both sides of the entrance ways, so folks will think twice bout getting out of line. #fungames?
what?!?! No more Strings, either?!?!
Thanks, it's been a lot of fun helping to make it :)
I will not play victim to your misconceptions.
Looking good O:
Ah...to be back stateside and wear boots again. Love it.
About to make myself a delicious CV breakfast :)))))
RT lol...its just tough to find good acapellas...so it'll probably be a best of each n try to make as many collab...
It's Saturday, cold, rainy, & there isn't shit on tv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Up at the Arbor for "Harold's Going Stiff," which won the jury prize.
alright. Link up tomorrow
And for Halloween im a sick dude.
"Rand McPherson, everybody! Remember, the 930 show is completely different than the 730 show!"
This dude just tried to change my nick name to some Juicy baby WTF <<<<<<<<<<<
My heart in my back pocket pussy!! If you knew what i knew you would keep yours in the SameSpot
Actresses in Chick Flicks, their career, movies, etc. Probably starting with Amy Adams...though not alphabetically.
Truly the grossest.
i am in!
Hitting the hay after a long day at the studio - south park..... Yea - anyway. Night y'all!
advantage? no. I would think: Why release it if you know it doesn't work and if its broke, fixit!
impossible, battle royale was released in 2000. And I saw it in 2004.
Miss Usa! Miss Usa! Miss Usa! #MissUsa! #MissUsa! #MissUsa 2012!!!! YAY!! I AM STOKED! HUrry and get here pretty ladies!!
Thanks for the shout out!
I can't help being the hottest that's why they call me
I just wanna thank my baby for beinq the best father I could ask for.! Ik hell be with us.soon.! Love you baby
Sounds like a dating show to me. :) Men out here are lame!
John Hayek: it's about building an investment tool for a strong middle class, it's not just about state financial aid
Hey I Liked Every Morning - Kim Davis
I started writing "Cody's Late!" on pieces of paper and every minute that passed I crumbled it up and threw it. I have about 15 papers -_-
Oh, absolutely! You are 100% the target audience for this show. Enjoy!
smoove is a fool
#teenwolf is so good! I can't even deal!!! Ah
the deaf and hard of hearing appreciate this very much I will pass this on to our community leaders
100 followers thanks guys! Now check out my #youtube videos!
What is it with New York politics? Chris Lee, really??
Can one filet a swine?
What a bender Cincinnati. Great weekend. More than a few credit cards left at the bar so you know it was fun.
sure,,, ill follow u back!!!
I need weed asap
Sup tweeps! It's been a while. I'm playing with my Ipad 2. Love this thing!!!
I don't see why our mother insist on starving us -_-
Data Recovery for College Students $40+ . As always you must show student ID to receive this special pricing.
That's great news!! When was the last time you were here?
bananas make me naucious.:S
Happy my brakes are fixed...
Collectively bargaining for above market benefits is not a "personal right"...it's an expensive, abused privilege.
Thank you! We try, but our "social media director" is rather busy during the academic semester. She will try!
I LOVE IT!!
Home to eat dinner and then laundry/ more work...
Haha well that was a lil overly dramatic...feeling good now, bout to hit at Ampersand with Crooked!
I won't give up if you won't.
I love you guys, keep up the great musical offerings
very cute
Following back RT :
ok I hope so!
Thank you! Happy Saturday! ": ii agree 100% ... well said"
yep. Fun times.
(((Alyna))) I hope you have a great weekend! You make twitter much nicer! You are great!
Ha! Great for her!! We're always looking for a drummer, too, it seems! I also put together shows for women musicians-hint-hint
don't worry. This weekend when we neat Everton then its over.
I think she had a twin. Or Mona!!
Curious, you're not covering that entire sleeve with that beautiful artwork and cropping it down. Why?
thank you so much :))
hope u can pass one! Lol
Yup yup follow him he sexy as fuck...
hey, wuts poplin!
Black lines to battlefields
Haha..miss u too g..hope Adam treated u just as well!! ": At but no Ron today. Boo!!"
Henceforth, I shall refer to consecutive highlight-reel catches as a Morgakawa.
Yikes! I avoided that casino when I was in Vegas.
Working on new #TV Host demo reel. Watching lots of old #HSN clips. Wow! I've sold a lot of beds!!!
I don't want to get out of the car in this monsoon to walk inside the mall.
$1 oysters today at Elate, 111 W. Huron! Great date spot, try some local, organic fair and creative drinks!!
Thank you fucked up people from big boi and Kendrick Lamar for being fucked up and dropping $20 for me to find. Thank you!
#WaysToImpressMe be yourself and try to make me laugh when I'm having a bad day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Way way nick jonas trending
Avoid s Florida Ave if possible. Three car accident. It's backed up a bit.
Pretty sure I will be the old man yelling at kids to "stay off my lawn!" after mowing, edging and fertilizing it this weekend.
omfg no way! really???
In the mood for something yummy but a little on the lighter side? Come in and try any of our amazing salads!
IAN'S NIPPLES THO.
such a great photo of you!!
FREE SHOW: White Denim (600A. North Lamar Blvd.) Today 5/20 @ 5pm -One of the best ATX bands- support local music!
You're dealing w a different beast here...
Awesome to rock out with at 9:30 club last night. Agreed. Sinatra > Jay Z (but it's a close call)
Phone is dying , last update from the show. Do yourself a favour and check out queen killing kings. They just melted faces!
True blood , hhhmmmmmm delicious ....
i see that you've come to resist me, I'm a pit bull in time. ~OH WHY?~
you love your fans? how could you love them all if you dont know half of us exist D: #FOLLOW? it would make my year:)
Ready for a great day with Javier and the RML staff.
Have a feeling they could be working on a McGehee trade?
Let's talk; changing culture is hard. Would you like to Skype? Perhaps a google+ hangout?
Why do I keep getting (not responding) on my outlook and internet!!!!?
i know how i am going to spend my day..
#twittertools TwitterFriends: If you are using Twitter, you probably have a few contacts (= people you follow). Probably more than just a fe
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I'm filled with pain
shes the girl that runs TeenHoot! but, same here. im not as huge as a fan as others.. but its rude of them to say that.
Break a bitch heart no future ms.cleo
And the downfall of America continues
Hey! Can someone from your team email me? An email to your press address bounced back to me. jroy AT observer DOT com. Thanks!
thanks for hash tagging the important word my buddy! Love ya Oscar
I am all giddy - it is SHATNER DAY!
Between Sibel Üresin + polygamy and Sibel Kekilli + monogamy i choose the second #sexism and #middleages in the year 2011..
hi Omar! Welcome :)
a Merry Happy to you too. I know its probably never going to happen, but there are plenty of fans out there who wish it would.
are you encouraging people to think for themselves or follow the formula?
Hibernation Nation. Goodbye world.
These are the golden days in this golden age that we're living.
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me. Traveling to O.C., Memphis, and New York City. Can you...
I haven't had an actual day off in over a month. Bring on the weekend!
lol YEAH!!!!! Is Ging To Be On Jimmy Fallon Tonight!!!!! XDDDDDD <3
can you follow me plz?
OMG HELL YEAH
Don't think I've seen all of Blair Witch, had something to do with that damned jerky camera got on my nerves
Enjoying the art of Vaya a verlo.
Damn right I got it!!
The #HungerGames portrays a crazy future. Like trains would ever be the primary mode of transportation again.
it's 2 a.m already o.O
Watching a #barcamp talk and next thing you know, about 8 uni-cyclists ride by outside.
Do tow trucks fall under you or MPD?
Baby daddy? I didn't see THAT in your bio.
Gifts and talents can be lost or abused if not properly used.
#WeWereCoolUntil you became a petty bitch . .
We play frisbee like a boss (;
Ok Buh Yo Momma Let Me Slide Up In Her Like Some Flip Flops
RT : We've connected with , and we're already planning for the 2nd annual.
Final leg of the journey w/ & - just saw a girl barf on the freeway.
Comedienne, eh? :D
Definitely amusing... hopefully effective... RT : RT : See:
ya know a vending machine w/ hendricks and lime wedges would be gent...
Ah Hood life
i hate when i have a bunch of energy at night...and i cant go outside so i have to skip around the house to burn the energy i have.
I saw this and got jealous of a co-worker because I saw Sodexo. I didn't think about it being on another campus! :)
#JPP is getting some shine by his twitter fans
chicago inbox me
Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant.
holy cheese and crackers! Thats gr8t news bout ep! r w going 2 be able 2 buy ep in stores crystal? :) Peach
Paris strands a runner at 3rd as we move to the bottom of the 9th tied at 4
It feels good to be back....but I'm not BACK yet...but I'm back...
Text me && tell me who..
Im pretty sure the shooting *were* an isolated incident given the backgrounds of the alleged killers.
Dude. Story of my life.
Im Diggin your Blog I just checked it out
nevr knew they existed. I know the Panthers wr abt equality 4 minorities, but weren't their actions geared/based on US evnts.
Or him whiping out his schlonger right in the middle of your Americano order.
The Beef Arthur: roast beef on toasted sourdough with roasted red peppers, arugula, & a bleu cheese horseradish sauce.
Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? ~Dennis and Wendy Mannering
Haha me too....I miss Florida:/ Haha and btw..is that you in your icon..if so your eyes are beautiful(:
good just the usual snapping necks and cashing checks... getting ready for this season! How have you been Ms.Shaybutta?
Thanks for the follow - Thumbs up on your Raindrops in the River Video - gotta love the b-movies.
thank you boo
i feel like i didn't even sleep last night.
Great time yesterday Expo in
Nope. Couldn't make todays calls so I'm scheduling for next week
At the local waterfront Mediterranean/pizza/hookah place.
guess who's my idol... ME ! ! YEAH !!! I'm dying 2 meet myself *looks in the mirror* OMG THERE I AM.... I really need to stop talkin 2 me
Spanish Conversation Today from 7-9pm. All skill levels and abilities welcome!
watching vampire princess on the #smithsonian channel archaeologic proof of real vampires #vampshift for the next 2 weeks
At #dirtcandynyc eating jalapeño hushpuppies with maple butter and drinking a big juicy red wine
Every day should be like today weather wise !
i like the new look, more organized, as long as it doesn't change like youtube.
Man I was about to.have a badass little vacation. :-/
& didn't know if you wanted to read it. I can email it to you. Have a good rest of the day.
“: Damn is Vancouver a soft ass team! Lose 2-1 in ot to LA!” hahah #riots in Vancouver
They are so big they can do what they want, it's not like anyone is going to leave b/c of this.
Dear Ohio, Please be nice and pick what weather you want! Make up your mind. Your makin me physically ill. Sincerely, sick and confused.
did a spot with Quinton J. where he said in so many words you "Are fake, overly critical, & 'blow' BJJ guys."
You know what? Give me crap about my android as much as you want. I hate it even more than you do, but I just can't frickin' help it, OK?!
Don't know if you guys should be a live show anymore. After the Freeney deal and Joe's "wife beating" comment yesterday.
Stopping at Grandpa's Cheesebarn was totally worth it.
You got till July...
Kenny A, DC and Chocolate Thunder. Thanks for coming back one last time to NJ.
Finna crash after shower whew 2 days closer till weekend
You and I will get along just fine RT : If I see Rick Scott on my TV one more time, I swear to god...
my bracket was all busted, maybe will share the wealth!
Own your future, speak for yourself, because each of us have to pay for it, on our own. Noquote
Twofer: Clint's J. Edgar this am w/Leo D. Tonight, A. Payne's first film since Sideways, The Descendants, w/ George Clooney. Not a bad day.
just coming off MT. ST. helens.went to one of the observatories that has been closed for3yrs. so cool
May just became one very exciting and busy month.
So much to tweet about today and tonight but I will wait until tomorrow. Good night, Twitter!
Making pizza at 11 >>>
Fuck your friends all they do is stay hatein.
please follow back. I honestly L O V E your tweets…… & your videos<33 please follow back(:
After this shower. Chicos!
"You don<U+FFFD>t know life until you know why you<U+FFFD>re living it. You must find your own purpose in it"
... "Welcome to McDonalds, my name is Junior ... don't like your fries? Too bad ...."
Quote of the Day: "The unfortunate need people who will be kind to them; the prosperous need people to be kind to." -- Aristotle
Home made salsa made from home grown vegetables. So good!
Ginuwine's Pony
RUDE! If you were wondering, the movie was terribs and remind me not to share my guilty pleasures with you ever again. : )
guys with brown eyes <3
Trouble articulating my thoughts tonight. Calling it a night. Open at Starbucks tomorrow
Well I'm gonna know soon enough. I find out Tuesday if I qualify for unemployment or not.
Loving my leftover chicken kabobs & load guacamole for lunch! One of my favorites from 's Food Matters!
#Rapture Eve confession: PDX tech entrepreneurs are lazy, couldn't monetize a vending machine and VC's would be crazy to invest here. Oopie.
Star Trek Tri-Dimensional Chess Set by the Franklin Mintcollectible- star trek chess sets
:) Glad you liked it.
Test tomorrow, pap do thursday, and then nothing till vegas baby
Happy Friday! "Deep meaning lies often in childish play." - Johann Friedrich von Schiller, German poet (1759–1805)
Nice! We're actually available in and around Philly. We'd love to see TGB at Dover!
RT FHHS students - Charlie Enerspacker, BSA Eagle Scout & Ally Clark, new Girl Scout Gold Award - great student servant leaders
T'was really generous of you to help that bloke, sir! Bravo!
I'll have to check it out later this year! :)!!
IT'S SALES TAX RAISIN' TIME Y'ALL!!!!!!!!
Great to see + my daughter Kerry Brett + at Jett Foundation event at Alma Nove w/ 's mom Alma
I want commitment
Yankees will be fine... Knicks not so much
- It's Int'l Joke Day, I would love to hear some Funslinging tweets, may even tell a few myself
How are you? Where do you live?
Tough loss but PacerNation always bounces back. We ALL got your back DC!
Wasn't the war over when then phoney president Bush needlessly flew onto the deck of that carrier to announce "Wars Over"?
Go cats
*gets, freshens up.. looks out the window out the woods. Stomach growls* sheesh what is all this being hungry lately?
Legislature. Same job, better view :)
awwe of course!! and thanks for listening<U+2665><U+2665>
When we had sex we was in a Mercedes, no i aint crazy, but if thats my baby, then We gonna have to name that little baby Mercedes, DAMN!
PR observation of the day: It is amazing how different people are from town to town. Who says it does not make a difference where you live?
OMG...Using my new #iPad in the sunshine, it said:" i need to cool down!" o_O
you sound like a poor sport........give it up!
Drunk ass hell and no throwin' up...today was a good day...
Are you asking if I have thought about the pitfalls of delineating an "other" in a power dynamic or system? answer: Yes.
I'd say "too much" is not a function of quantity but of bandwidth. What intangibles are prevented by data?
A little go-go dancer in training!
The phins should definately take a good, long, hard look at Garrard. he is afterall, a legitimate starter.
Omw home for my thanksgiving feast 8D
Intriguing and beautiful writing for a gruesome subject. Don't read Zone One if you are under the weather.
What do you like about breakdance fights/battles?
No, I hadn't run across that. Thank you for passing it on!
Have a great vacation!
Good times at titty club last night
Happy #FollowFriday & Have a great Friday!
. Yes, indeed--Oregon cannot win a truly NATIONAL championship this season, as is the case for most teams. (Not just SEC ones)
beautiful shot!!
DAMN..who's that c;
": #IveNoticedThat certain people only show up when things are good, but aren't anywhere to be found when you need them most."
What time do you tap the firkin?
Just finished my review and was careful to say that. But I don't think it matters. It's a complex novel, not a travel diary.
how does #nedcolletti always manage to get cash in the deals? $2.5mm PLUS Lilly PLUS "The Riot" for DeWitt? No ace, but well done.
thanks man.! I start school in the summer tho
is at the Virginia Gift show.
. Farm boys do love their hot rods.
Going back to niche research. I hate it but it's a necessary evil. Good niches - even micro niches - are just so damn hard to find.
congrats! Excited to get to work with you again with SASCO.
“: The people who hate ISS are the ones without smartphones or iPods” I fuckin love it
Lots of eye candy here.
What does Sunday mean to you? Day of rest? Work day? Play day?
Siri, call me Doctor from now on. Unless I'm on a boat. Then call me Skipper. Or there's a real doctor around. Then call me George Lucas.
I don't know where I'm going but I know I'm on my way.
Just bowled a 125. Oh that's nothing? Well that's better than the 85 I scored the first round!
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.20
of course i can wait for you
Thanks for the last minute RT! I'm sure you can appreciate how important it is to get it written when the spirit moves you.
oh, I just adore your lines! :) And thank you for your kind words about mine!
Loving all the Beastie Boys on the radio.. Brings back so many memories
I moved my dressing room around... now enjoying the breeze coming through the window next to my favorite lounge chair. good stuff!
There should be more Beatles talk on Twitter. I don't think most people know just how influential their music was/is.
April is National Grilled Cheese month!
Claire will be on later tonight if she feels better!!!
I realized that after I sent it and read my email' I'm bad.
of course. the more folks know of the dope resources out there, the better equipped to adapt to the changes in the industry.
Tune in, live DJs Monday-Friday from 9 am -10 PM! www.suffolk.edu/radio
Niggas niggas niggas i drink my drink for you!
wanna work today?
Thanks :) , you too. So you're from Florida?
Hey i am not the stupid one YOU fell for it
I've tried to call you back 2 times, now! and you won't answer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I'm all ears now! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>
What's his message other than GOP playbook blather and same old same - tax cuts he knows we can't afford and he can't pass?
On the hunt for a square
Good. Cause It's something I think about all the time. "Fat" is in our brains, not just our bodies, no?
thanks for listening!!
Parking at an out of order meter always makes the day better!
Prose Award for best book in cultural and media studies goes to Getty Publications for Harry Smith: Avant-Garde in Amer. Vernacular.
My car seconds this RT : I hate you, Pollen.
Happy #MemorialDay from ! May U find sum incredible deals ths wknd. :) So glad spending time w/ family & friends is always free.
the "to-do list" manifesto
Reading 11/22/63, keep stopping to peruse the locations on Google Maps.....it's the former geography teacher in me.
Doing great and looking forward to the wonderful new year! How are things in Tucscon?
You might have to disappoint people to take care of yourself, but the greater you become the more you have to give.
Tollefson is a defensive end.
looking for a laptop
RT So busy today I forgot to tweet all day
Listening To Up All Night is amazing :) It's how I spend my days! There is a song for every mood I'm ever in :)
thanks , we're working hard to make you feel more right about being wrong!
keepn it movin everyday, all day, all the way, thats no play, okay, im shinnin light into the grey, lol
Typsho is the best thing I've heard in ever. Thank you
Making an inspirational beat for a collab
My mental health is shitty today all of a sudden
Sorry to butt in but perhaps better to just end the quibble now. No harm intended by either I'm sure.
I take it ur not a fan of coach Kelly. To each there own. Why are u in China? Its 80 and beautiful in PDX!!! :)
Make sure your tie's a little longer or button that jacket...lol
Love the English Experience series. Shame that so many of the affordable copies are ex-lib.
Thanks for the follow. I look forward to connecting.
same here girl.
You didn't lose, you lost when you became a sore loser.
The last Friday of 8th grade. (': Oh middle school, I will not miss you. <3
?tns: Tension btwn relationality & nonrelationality, how do they connect? M: Concept of vital gesture. Marks spacial position.
Thankfully almost packed feeling a little sick. Hopefully yesterdays little accident doesn't mess up this week at all
You are cracking me up. Love it. Keep going!
thanks for letting me grab a taste! Flat out amazing!
keep your head up kid...love the effort. Just look ahead to the next game
right back at ya!
lol we listened to that too! It's like a jb car ride !
a bus just drove by a bus that said Chicago pizza tour!
From down 16-4 four mins into gm to up 47-35 at half. Nice!
hillis.... solid pick
will do i cant wait to work on that 1
Once again, if you have a question, place a ? in front of your tweet and we'll do our best to get it in.
flight delayed but no alert. :-(
idkkk if i'm going home tonight. But i will upload pictures baby<3
Hey bro what's up
#1 fan for life
Thanks, Cheri :-)
umm i got in trouble?:/
Fail! Mary J Blige might as well have just RAPPED the national anthem.
So long NYC, see you again soon!
A strong hatred is the best lamp to bear in our hands as we go over dark places of life cutting away the dead things men tell us to revere
okay walking in mall in florence, sc i over hear 2 ladies talking about the shoot boot item last night! u have a winner!
“: When we are truly confident and secure, the opinions of others cannot control us.”
He said you can also look up "key mapping" software that allows you to reprogram you're current keyboard.
No good deed goes unpunished ..
Trying to write a resume while workmen sand floors and decorate. The loud salsa music on the radio is a nice touch.
Yeah, I'm disappointed in who the last 3 are.
waaaaaaat. thats wats up fam!!! I'm getting that joint asap. Congrats bro i kno u blazed it
oh my goodness, I cannot believe it is that many relationships.
Choke master strikes again!!!! (Austin Rivers)
Thanks Katherine!:)
Prophesy--> Kentucky's next loss will be to a member of the Big Ten...
whoever said you did :P haha:)
Got your text. I'll reactivate your search and send you some. Same areas?
"If something is boring after 2 minutes, try it for 4. If still boring, then 8. Then 16. Then 32..." --John Cage.
Not even going 2try n eat...jus gonna lay here n go back 2sleep...
Thx! You're welcome any time! We're open Weds-Fri eves & Sat/Sun all day. Or, we'd be happy to do a tour some other time.
Justin Is Our Boyfriend is trending !!<3
#CollegeTweet #cosign RT : Shout out to the townies that work at kroger
Tribute! #baseballbros RT RT : All #Mets starters will be using Beastie Boys songs as their walk-up music tonight.
I used to love it! I remember playing it over and over when I first got Exciter, but now I just don't care for it.
GET MONEY
Hey fans! Come out to Buck Bradley's for a 9pm viewing party! It's a must win so we need your support!
Sleeping in without stressing over a presentation feels so good :D
go enter the and prize pak library! & a $25 iTunes gift towards the new album
Just found out via that Dallas has In-N-Out. This just made tomorrows trip 10x better.
FOPIR board meeting just wrapped... Lots of great things coming... Can we say garages at PIR?
True. Maybe I misunderstand Google+ but it seems like it will be a bigger threat to Twitter in the short-term-for some users
HRH Princess of Programs
Hey you
Kirstie Alley falls hard #dancingwiththestars and Tsunami Warning issued for entire west coast! Ruuunnnnn!!!
Wow! That. Looks. Delicious!
Not sure when to cheer. On one hand, I really wanna touch the luxurious On the other hand, I really don't wanna get murdered.
I would like to call for the immediate abolishment of the em dash.
The feeling when using *your* iPhone as the provider of dance music at a party corrupts your Spotify song history.
i made a volleyball in school,made it blue&white,put 21 on it,&put a piece of paper with peyton's name in it. just for <21
lexi might just die tonight.
Afternoon did you know 's coming to Washington, D.C. for #OhBaby book signing - we'd love to have you there!
Want to give a shout out & congrats to graduate Martin Bahar for his promotion and his new twitter feed! Follow!
RT : Both Sheila and Mike have pieces in today's National Post!
i've played around using the NPR API direct from js (w/ jsonp).. maybe a useful starting point?
When in doubt, remove the witness? I wouldn't suppose that would be a start of unwitnessed and unconsequented violence, no?
missing mr.p's last day as our student teacher <<<<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> #mrserb's7thperiodgym
he's a real tasty geezer, as we used to say.
I'm about to write to hopefully she writes back
haha you know it.
Are you watching?
Wearing black pants. Have chronic salt stain syndrome.
And this memory like a stain cnt erase all of the pain
I just used the word "panoply" correctly in a conversation, but ruined the moment by exclaiming about my impressive vocabulary. Word nerd.
No matter how "busy" a persons day might be. If they "really care", they'll always find time for you
I think intuitive eating is great! It's obviously not perfect, but it gets away from the binge/denial/guilt diet dynamics.
What is up with the #Brewers outfielders.. Morgan is the only one who hustles anymore and isn't afraid to make a diving catch
is a scene-stealer.
Designs & paper composition provide a large variety of solid & printed paper & some with vegetal inclusions
looking forward to working with your team on Shop with a Cop tomorrow! Thank you for supporting such a great partnership!
Every athlete deserves a Certified Chiropractic Sports Physician and the best injury care and preventative treatment available.
do they both still have dial-up?
I was like baby baby baby oh!!!!!!
...people don't care about "too soon." Waiting for mean comments about Whitney to start rolling in...
great reminder that swell things happen to those who envision & create opportunity where once there was a blank page
Andrew Luck: Defining Successful Rookie Season for Indianapolis Colts and Luck
I helped heehee follow me?(:
how u doin?
Chocolate-covered cherry Jelly Bellys are AWESOME !!!!
Way to sore for comfort.
oh yeah...we've just scratched the surface.
Prevw song from1Girl by Mindless Behavior on the iTunesStorePreview buy and download1Girl for $799 Songs start at just $129
Convincing grad students that #DH is _essential_.
love you brother! We're getting weird this summer :-)
I really like the idea of Google Spectacles. As a visually impaired person I think I will benefit.
do you want any other games than double dash?
Ready for these 4 weeks to be over so I can sleep in my bed!! But it is great to get back to things!
10th Ave is considered by military as a top ten key strategic ports for Nat Def purposes.
I be on dirt somtimes
SOMEONE OUT THERE bah?
Make someone's day
really, I won't die???
just picked u up on my fantasy team. Have a GREAT game. GO DUCKS!!!!!!!
At olive garden
Wisconsin appears to be defending itself...35 points mid 2nd half.
#WhoHurtYou RT : Everybody cant be a true artist like you!!! #SueMe!!! =(
can you turn your caps off?
An all night diner where you could get breakfast food/patty melts any time. Preferably downtown.
I'm his ride or die its us against the world!!!
Blazers need to come our quick in OT
In honor of my birthday this year Neil Young & Crazy Horse are finally releasing a new album together. Thank you Neil.
I was just wearing my awk shirt yesterday too!
The lose and I'm stuck in the parking lot of the United Center because the car won't start... Awesome
that's funny
so what did u pick?? Your night sounds good. I need a nice cold glass of wine!
At Latitude 41. Ordered the menage a trois with a side of pancakes and quesadillas for $5. Everything I'm eating is amazing!
congrats man!!!
I need a job.
hmm... HOT peppers! great for chilly evenings in here in
these jams are my thaaaaang
I actually prefer the camera phone version where one of your trainers/managers whispers "I wana fuck Dale Kube" right before.
Let's get trending! Tweet! Tweet like the wind!!!
Still up...still working...
haha I don't give a shit if it's his cousin. He makes me want to punch the screen. Remind me what sport he played... Haha
hospital with a broken jaw is exactly how i wanna spend my monday morning : )
Brady with his 2nd INT of the evening.
:P You miss me. Bahaha #adorabe puppy. My puppy stinks. She keeps jumping in the lake.
RT : Am i chinese or japanese? I dont know im colorblind:) good times with
Well itz 11:30 n i hav to go to jail i mean school in da morning. Hopefully i wake up to #moreFollowers #GoodNight Tweet Heartz xoxo
DAMN RT: Amazing stat: Kentucky is 48-3 since that road loss to Arkansas that drove us crazy. We've come so far
Damn. Sorry to hear that, Dan.
The stink of stale cigarettes and urine fills the Brown line. Oi.
yea I tried that a couple times didn't like it so much. Lol No actually it's just my chemistry professor.
oh good answer. (;
This Thursday the Capitol Steps will be right in our back yard @ The Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall in beautiful Sarasota, FL. Show @ 8pm.
happy mother's day i hope chalupa is doing swell.
I wish I could let the whole world know how much I love but I can't explain that in only 14O characters. <U+2665>
Going to check out keynote speaker Felicia Day at
Rosie check out my site; www.theouterspacemen.com I put you on the front page. Lets do a Pregnant in Heels OSM pregnant Tee shirt
Dam you flipped on me quick for I have super powers though.
I'm outta here! see #yinz tomorrow - hopefully in the store!
looks all Mandelbrot-y I like it.
Time To Get Up ; no.
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
Can't wait for Christmas so I can see my family
push the iPad version and all my emails will be sparrow mails!
Strike em out, throw em out.
wednesday.. headache.. stress. SUMMER COME FASTER
Should i go to LA Kings game 4 @ staples center to witness great hockey??
Wht kinda parent sends there kid to play in a water logged park in a tux?
I will hold you to this! RT : If you RT this and help me get to 45,000 followers...I'll buy you a dancing dolphin
We were just nominated for outstanding new play for
Off to HDC to catch , & Jorge Campos playing in USA-MEX #LegendsGame. Will try to tweet some sponsor activation.
You crack me up girl! And so creative : ) big hugs from San Diego!
Focused & moving toward my next level of success...
Not about tennis! ;-)
God is my sustainer and provider.
super inspiring!
Best part? It's Vol 1 of the collection. Can't wait to open Garfield's mouth and see if it shoots out a lasagna/flavred pez
Up early to watch the Balloon Fiesta...was it worth it? Kinda
making petco look small
besids Mrs. Driver, I think ARod is his second biggest supporter! he looked like a proud papa last night!
I mean, we discussed anatomy and allof that, but they just kind of gave it a slant towards abstinence. It's Indiana.Conservative.
Had a great audition today!
sealab is one of those show's that's absolutely hi-larious for like, 30 seconds. and then it's kind of done.
uh i forgot I'm on twitter now
Crying again... So sick of this.
when my boyfriend holds me & sings taylor swift >>> i love him!
RIP Donna Summer <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Have you made a bucket list? I think I'm finally at the point in life where this makes sense.
what's so funny :P
Being fearless doesn't mean you have no fears, if just means you are strong enough to face then.
Q of the day: Aside from Lambeau, what are the best spots in Wisconsin to watch a Packer game?
Dear Seattle: have a record setting day! It's zombie time, zombies!
Stuck in a room full of engineers on Pi Day.
listening to Dan Deacon, cooking braised tofu, and dreaming of summer
Just made it home. Time to make some adjustsments to this internet. I would like to have multiple consoles connected :-)
Dear #FantasyBaseball teams, I drafted u, now u are on your own until the #StanleyCup Playoffs are over. Good Luck and God speed.
A little bored of my room, might change some things.
OMG I LOVE & MISS YOU THE MOST SIS!!! You won't have to miss me for too much longer tho. ;-)
alright , hopefully the other lil homie come around sometime...Allison. lol
Excited for today's dose of inspiration by the cast of Island Song.
Mike Smith got confused....he's usually golfing this time of year.
Kids custom t shirts become a special treat for new parents.
Settling in to judge the #TSDigs submissions. Digital visual storytelling seems to be most of what I do these days. No complaints here!
Thanks so much for following the
Lol..What you mean way too skinny? I think im lookin' better thin than fat,lol..Need some muscle though.
Good job!
Needs coffee badly...
Yes! Let us know how it is?! RT : Wonderworks is an upside-down building next to Ripleys...think we will check it out tmrw???
That Bo Ryan interview on Mike & Mike got awkward. Awkward because Mike and Mike suck at interviewing when they disagree w/ the interviewee
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. ~Henry David Thoreau
Feelin' all stress out this morning
I went yesterday for the Open House. Toured the park, touched the Green Monster, shook Bobby Valentine's hand, took some dirt. :)
The two most common elements in the world are hydrogen and stupidity.
I hope you weren't tweeting while you were doing all this!
Is it even really about "helping" ? Or is it about "working/partnering with" the public in our work?
Am I only the #mom awake and on Twitter? Strangest feed ever this mothers day morning. Hmm, well who's bringin me a latte?
Two poems accepted for an anthology, POEMS OF DEVOTION. Appearing alongside Eliot, Wilbur, Levertov, Milosz, Cummings...a massive honor.
Welcome:) Same, listening to some music,checking up on Twitter-land.
um, I did not know it was going to snow/sleet today- when did the forecast change from 40*F and rainy to wintery, inclement conditions?
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity. - Albert Einstein
Just saw the pilot of GCB (free on iTunes), and I say a resounding YES!!
?The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries, or the way she combs her hair
by : We have a Marquis Daniels sighting!
I subscribe to hundreds of RSS feeds. It is the only way to efficiently stay on top of blogs you want to follow.
I know me too:( I call the grey one!!!
AGREED!!! My baby is a rescue and he's the most amazing blessing!
Poison, stab, draw and quarter it? Like Rasputin? lol
Congratulations! Sorry I missed you today.
2013 for all sports. Some may be in sooner depending on schedules. That's all figured out by people smarter than me....
Get SWIM SUIT ready!!!! Only one week left to take advantage of 25% off body waxing!!!
- outstanding idea - the world needs less snobs and more information in one package! Cheers and thanks for the follow!
Just rinse it off with half a bottle of Jack Daniels The second half of the bottle works best.
ain't nun to do but work smoke & smoke more lol
“: Getting our day started!!! I got wit meh!!!!!” RT glad lil sis made it n! Show her the ropes B
Was feeling bad about relying on word "studenty" in diss, but then the OED cheered me up. Goes back to 1966, been in the LA Times, etc.
Ugh, I Just Created Something I Shouldn't Have!
Thx 4 the follow. Vegas is a 1 of o kind
I miss my peep, :( Praying your day is wonderful, friend!
Just had the pleasure of chatting with Mike from - absolutely delightful! Cheers!
so its time 2 smoke
I'll have to look that up!
Liked the reference student circle idea.
My favorite travel companion is ______.
follow my friend he's the best mayne
It's Friday afternoon. Listen to polka before getting your weekend started:
you can volunteer online for stuff with the Trevor Project. Check it out! I'm a online chat volunteer. =D
Cubs need to dump house there season is over!!
Great screening of #MI4 last night, followed by Q&A with Brad Bird, Gary Rydstrom, Michael Giacchino and Paul Hirsch. Thanks #MPSE!
Hi Jason, thanks for finding me! I'm a midwest farmers daughter from Illinois! Who knows, maybe we will work together someday :)
are you coaching someone working on an app that spits out "funny" jokes that make the table go quiet?
something is wrong with my twitter........
goose bumps again. Someone give Dicko a job #CelebApprentice ... He deserves it!
just discovered I can read you in the app on my brand new iPhone. Sweet.
Text "ENVY" to 46786 and we'll send you passwords for FREE COVER & exclusive drink specials. :D
will free the world and change it
fina be to lowkey in they hood toma lol this fina be funny
- your on the air :)- hope your well!! I was on a radio show last sunday!
Landlord put a new flower box out. God love him, but my thumb is black for two reasons.
Livin the life now
It could be worse. Is twitter still relevant?
I'll take that. Really should be starting at the top of the 2nd, that rain was brutal.
Your child's first words are "Attention K-Mart shoppers!".
That's what I said "Awesome"
At Liv Resto watching the wonderful talk for the Detroit Drunken Historical Society
If only it photographed as good as it tasted...
Headed to the Main Library downtown to do some reading and digging. One of my favorite places in all of Cleveland
watched my boy Doron Lamb Oak Hill do his thing!
I live for today to the fullest and throw a prayer for 2morrow cause I know 2morrow is coming I just hope that im alive 2 witnessed it
Our non profit is chugging away negotiating a loan fund for African Emerging Markets ... The Magazine is our: microfinancefocus.com (dow ...
THIS! RT : In the mood for a chocolate frappucino from starbucks. ;)
I mean #followalibrary day for my reference
Nah! I'm certain it wasn't about him. ;) RT : Bit of a Russell Brand rant anthem?
Kings/Coyotes should be a good series. The Kings have surprised everyone. Would love to see them play NJ or Wash.
REPEAT-BMO Retirement Institute Report-The New Frontiers of Estate Planning: Parents, Digital Assets and Pets
haha, who did she double for?
There goes my baaaaabyyy..*smile*
Later today, we'll be playing our last show (in New York) before we start heading into the studio & start recording our best material.
Want to get free traffic to your website, write an article in one of the biggest article sites with your keywords and link to your website.
there's clearly something to what he's talking about. the one thing they are definitely doing differently this time vs against MS…
Anyone want to hit rock bottom with me?
My mom is obsessed with lol
Yes! Just got notification from Amazon that ' sweet new book is on the way.
At dining in the dark in Milwaukee at Bacchus. one of the most amazing experiences ever.
hope god willing I can live my dream
I would have included but i ran out of characters. Plus, he was just a goalie...
good night world....
First coffee since March 8th...
No Iphone 5...hm...#apple #Iphone How will Steve Jobs' departure effect Apple?
Get ready, film-makers and Ad people!! 47 INCREDIBLE new tunes are right around the corner!!
Making it real. Stay honest and only think objective of the character, it saves you from making a lot of mistakes.
haha u probably can.
That damn gym better be open when I get there at 9:00 tomorrow.
Looks good. Cheers Dezel! Hope you're having a good night!
Watched premier of TYT last night, it's exactly what I expected. "Obama same as Bush" "Obama loves Wall st" A bunch of Bullshit! Cenk Sucks
The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live
Nice! Hannahan and choo on espn's top plays!
Coming up around 7:45... we are talking about coupons and gift cards. You know how they go to waste sometimes? We have a solution! Tune in!
Hey thanks for the blog write up!! I just noticed this. What a way to start the new year!
Agree 200%. He should go to jail.
I really truly strongly hate instructional analysis. Yes, I know it's a good thing but I still don't like it.
I can be versatile
The interview airs tomorrow on ! RT : So sad I missed at today!
yes it is!
What do you love? #GOODasks I love when children learn how to read! It ignites their imagination & creates endless possibilities
awesome! :) I hope everything's going great with Casino! :D
. so interesting to hear you this morning - Missed my train because was listening to you!
Psalm 91:4 A storm watch means there could be a storm on the way. A storm warning means take cover almost instantaneously!
I'm sure she kills in Boise!
Hi Laura, I'm the editor for #HighGlitzLounge blog. I would like to interview about your reign and platform.
& Have you already seen #TVD? Woah...I freaked out with Alaric's problem & I got angered cuz there wasn't #delena scenes
But I can say that the end of this year's girls D1 title game at the Kohl Center between Milwaukee King and De Pere was something special.
So, #Milwaukee brides and grooms, any wedding planning going on this weekend?
At a Doc. U. Seminar w/ Doug Block on the art of making a personal doc.
Hey Apple, that gigantic, annoying ad on the Yahoo! homepage probably angers people more than it inspires them to finally get an iPod.
The Vow is awesome! I'll totally go see it again with y'all! :D
Maniacal laugh! Maniacal laugh! Finally watched The Muppets. Great fun!
LIVE, LAUGH, LOVE.....repeat as needed!
Today I celebrate my 21st Wedding Anniversary! Still in love after all these yrs!
Ideally, a maker space facilitates addressing local problems by creating local solutions.
That awkward moment when you try to go the same way as the person walking towards you, except your on a bike with terrible brakes!
Curiosity. Tech pushes this century so fast.Complacent folks will be left behind RT : What skills does a 21st century teacher need?
Congrats to Jessica Simpson and Eric. Bout time that baby got here! :)
Always asked who is a creative kitchen designer: Answer: www.borrellidesign.com who has a website that is a total idea factory
“: All I want is to be Twitter famous and own a husky”
H Is A Independet Musical Arts; and he really Appreciate Your Follow Thank You
Get to hear Yo Yo Ma tonight... my dear dad took me to see/hear Yo Yo in Boston for my bday. Yo Yo ended up kneeling at my feet! No joke!
Too much food in my belly!!!
there might be a Chinese woman in there.
channing tatum playing guitar>>>>>>
too bad!
I wanna go!
We've broken 1000 followers, also 53 on the Milwaukee charts!
A clean, to the point, yet attractive one-sheet can go a LONG WAY. Make that pitch count!
I'm alive. Also I stay connected. Do you still Skype?
haha thanks! Thanks why we are friends! :)
And yet, you STILL oppose the Equal Rights Amendment...
AUTOTUNE IS LEGIT. GET WIT IT OR QUIT IT!
My favorite Spring pastime is ________.
Fox 12 crew reports Steel Bridge has been shut down by police. No word on how long, and why. Live Occupy Portland coverage on Fox 12.
Apparently there's a "Super Moon" tonight. Check it out. I guess it's going to be bigger than Brett Favre's ego.
You definitely should have pulled the trigger!
The guys behind it are awesome too. Can't wait for the beta.
thanks for the message, yes more projects in the pipeline, if you're interested for the future e-mail
Bingo this evening has been very......interesting. Just went through a speed round where the callers pretended to be robots.
CBJ to put Nash on suicide watch
Play some LMFAO!
good plan
also I'm bringing the playstation
Going to see Once: The Musical tonight... It's research... And I'm greatly looking forward to it... Later this week... Mamma Mia (research)
You know your special if I leave you alone with my baby Liam, my phone. We never go anywhere without each other, ask :D
That was so uncharacteristic of Hardy.
But you already have an avatar.
Will cover popular songs for money !
Anxiety at the dentist! I hate the feeling of numbness!!!
what did you get pierced?!
Bedtime . Bye
because I used the money to fix my car :/
Day < Night
Awesome! It's always a great time at McCoy!
Holy shit I'm glad to be home
We had a great time! RT :Thank You 2012 sponsors
I forgot about guitar center! Thanks!!!
Ok was i the only on to see nicki minaj kiss lil wayne on the LIPS?!?
Picked up Humber in fantasy huh?! That sucks!!
80's all the way. ;)
Bout to go have a few drinks!
drat. I'm only sposed to do 1 per day? Fraid I might not make it xmas or boxing. :-)
Wow its a beautiful night:)!!!<$$
great work this season man! You guys worked your asses off. Look forward to next year!
Home watching some tv, not feeling well :( ...long day, hoping tomorrow is better, send some smiles my way! :)
Anyone else planning to go home after track, shower and then go to the lock in?
watching tv you?
Some things should really stay in your past. But I've realized some things are engraved within u. Were ever u go it goes also....
Can i please get a follow back???
starts airing in fall on nickelodean
“: we are reuniting with our best friend tonight #excited” yayy! Can't wait :)
John Travolta sex case: Fourth masseur accuses star of harassment: Hotel employee claims Travolta was banned from spa for "inappropri...
great opp for you to try out the #4bmore hashtag...and the url shortener...if you tweet the event ill rt is
Watching Erin Burnett about the JP Morgan debacle.
Want things to turn around and head in a better direction
my condolences go out to you and your family on your lose. She is in great hands now. Hit me whenever babe
Tonight! I perform with the WSU Jazz Guitar Ensemble. Free event. On campus Music Recital Hall, in Old Main. Hancock St. 730pm.
Another sleepless night worrying and fussing over words, words, words...
“: Can't sleep. I hate when I'm wide awake at 3 am. Ugh” I was feeling your pain, still am.
I can't wait to open for #StarParty at Myth! I'm so excited!!!
Can't keep my hands off you by is my jam right now!
WE WANT UR VIDEOS BACK!! Ppl these days </3
Spring Cleaning my dwelling on a rainy Friday night!
#NowPlaying Soul For Real "Candy Rain"
RT : lol, you're so random. & it was nice seeing you too sucio. <U+2764>
Oh yes, Sorry, it was late and I forgot to retweet. It is very good! THNX!
Looking 4 Sr. PMP Certified Project Manager Consultant - Mortgage Industry Dallas TX - send resume
Fighting to be Michigan delegate champ tonight is Romney the Mormon robot living the American dream & Santorum Jesus’ favorite moron.
makin a new beat, i love music
Yup just bout to take a nap....if you still tryna do that HMU
Merci Beaucoup for the re-tweets! Very excited to meet the Frenchies and Francophiles that come our way from your circle
We're in!
you are constantly tweeting!
I miss you
If your behavior contradicts your words, then people probably aren't going to respect what you have to say... #I'mjustsayin
Lindy Fix 8-10 tonight at the COMFORT ZONE CAFE, 1002 Elmwood Ave! DJ Rob! Drop in for Int. Lindy with Sam and Miller from 7-10 :)
Listening to "Illuminations." wishing I was at Disney right now. Goodnight everyone!
Many blessings to our good friend Patrick Grange who passed away today after his battle with ALS.
Rrrg!! Six results showing in CakePHP query tables, but nothing showing up in the array? What's that about?
Happy Mother's Day to all the International Indoor Soccer Arena moms! We hope you had a terrific day.
CRACKED MY FRENCH, WOO
your so lucky haha :) tell him to follow me :D Jk
Mobilize Baltimore! 1000th follower gets a $50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna (via )
they've opened it up ot mere mortals. :)
Oh a dose of football catching up on offseason it starts today! Love seeing the new playbooks that will emerge!
Love the night convos w/ the
We've got our Instructional Tech Chair on board
I love , but I learned over the break that online inventory is not that impressive. I hope someday soon more/all titles come online.
I didn't even see you today or I would've. Like I said, wait til tomorrow.
I dont believe you.
Boise played tonight and it's a Tuesday.. Imagine the attention on the MWC when Boise & TCU are both in the MWC. Especially playing on Tues.
Romney & Obama court young vote by telling the rest of us we should pay grads' college bill when #RonPaul had young voters support all along
I love my relationship with my bed...no commitment..we just sleep together every night.
Ha, ha. That does describe the color. That and Oompa Loompa.
Martinez on 'Drive' OST: 'Done in four & a half weeks. For me that’s very quick – not enough time to roll out of bed and make the coffee.'
I wish it was like how it was back then. Where'd my bestfriends go?
Wondering why we don't have flying cars like those on the Jetsons!!
What is this wet stuff falling from the sky?
My heart hurts so much I feel like dying, I never got to say goodbye.
Thanks for the link. ;)
Girl No Im Expelled For The Rest Of The Year !
wow!!! 2006s song of the summer was Promiscuous by Nelly Furtado feat Timbaland.
do you know who got mvp of that game..??
I remember how he used to say good morning and night... Now he doesn't. That says a lot to me.
If you can't make things better then change your course of action
It is Times Like Today that I Feel I am Truly Blessed!
I immediately changed the channel to gpb I couldn't even get mad at him smh
Here we go
Good d sixers
Let's hope that version of me never emerges, let's hope I have the power to one day achieve balance between dark and light
Castro's sac fly gives the Cubs their first lead in this series with Milwaukee. 1-0 Cubs in the first off Gallardo.
not me!
Don't miss our #anniversary celebration this weekend! We'll start on Friday with the release of our collaboration Hoppy Red Rye #beer!
just earned $30 bucks doing some last minute baby sitting...fun!
"Was I ever that young?" "No. You were younger."
Breakfast in bed.. Please!
Feel horrible...wanna go home and sleep :( I blame u....
Happy birthday love!... Hope you have the best day ever..
Well that isn't what Taylor Swift said at All
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug
thankful for the #MHS leaders hard work, on his awesome performance tonight, and the all students who made it a great night!
RT : Happy bday doll ;-) RT : Happy 18th Bday to my daughter enjoy! A grown ass woman now!Love Pop!
thanks for the RTs this week, glad you're helping to spread the word!!
Good morning everyone! Great weather in Cincy today, make it a good one!
Look for the return of Weekly Beatdown this week featuring odds on the Most Likely Peyton Destinatons
Braun throwing a Tiger Woods tantrum
Man i feel like hooping
Did anyone wake up to an email from Amazon recommending a pair of #MenInBlack3 sunglasses that come with a movie ticket?
Rereading William Holtz's "The Ghost In the Little House" for my
What a drive by Kipnis! 2-0 Tribe! 3rd triple of the season for Kipnis.
Kim and Rocchio contemplate 3-d modeling of 3 major mural sites: Great Wall of LA, Estrada Courts, and Olympic Commission
i sent out these morbid figurines to agencies for shits and giggles a while back--half horse/half soldier--centaur-like. sick
Good Morning cripple
Apparently I've sent 4,000 texts in 8 days. I should slow down
My friends >
It's not what/who you think it is. :(
Isnt it funny...sad...funny.
just had a mental breakdown.... watching the brewers game , they showed gamel at first and i thought to myself what happened to prince.
I just made this account two days ago, & it would make my DAY if u followed me (: I Love You Austin <3 #mahomie 2
The wheels on my car go 'round and 'round all through the town. #EarWorm You're welcome.
I'm free tonight.
you might as well go back to bed and wait for tomorrow because there's no way your day's gonna get better
Did she just say thou shall not pursuit. Thou shall not commit adultery you mean lol. She got the new bible.
Baha well that's awesome! Tell me if you get the job, because than i'll come and visit you all the time ;)
since when was poppin yo ass n pussy in wal mart parkin lot the new thing!!!!!!!!!!
have you posted your discussion ideas to the WordCamp Ed blog yet? Login and let your voice be heard! 6 days and counting..
Who has two thumbs & wants to win?! THIS GIRL RIGHT HER
In South West Plaza Mall watching in Sports Fan. My Nationals & Orioles are trying to make some noise in this early MLB season.
Fucking in the shower , get out & head straight to the bed for a hour.
i did i dnt get no reply
Just read Yr beast piece--I MUST buy book to reward you for 10 years of HARDSHIP. I can't believe you could log that many hours
No way....RT Line for Al Gore/Sean Parker much shorter than expected. Woman in line: "It's Al Gore/Justin Timberlake."
Panel onstage-Ray Suarez, , Lonnie Bunch () , Philip Kennicott (Washington Post), , David Penney
u still at school
: yikes! stay safe!
U need to win Romney
If you live in Las Vegas…n are watching TV…change to channel 3 NOW. F Adam Miller goin primetime to talk
#3WordsForYou You are mine.
chachi is in the house tonigghtttt.
Mac OS has had the same basic desktop layout for 28 years. Still works fine. *shrug*
Y'all should've seen the smile on Mrs. Bennett's face when I gave her the chocolate pastel eggs.
Consider yourself followed! RT: Best thing for 50 cent is Sunbelt Fudge Dipped Chocolate ChipGranola Bar....
Weird man - it shows up that we are on my account...I remember doing so just this morning too!
:) RT : In WoW, I'm aiming to get a pet rhino, so I can name him Steve.
i know am late but not the movie mall cops - the show - mall of america
Dads gonna flip.
“: So I'd better stop procrastinating and figure out what bracelet to make you.” MAKE ME ONE. ;)
I know...Ike is a man doing battle, within and without. :(
becareful what you ask for! lol!
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence. Democritus 460 BC
nah eff dat!!!!!!!! lol u think took breaks? u was gettin better too...
what's the website I can check out? Do they charge on tent size? Or soemthi lol
summer is here... first softball this thursday.... oh yea...,
Say yes to 10 mile runs!
The best!
follow and gain!
this is one of my WORST feelings right now. idk what to think right now..
Ha...no, not that bad. Activa yogurt. OVER. AND OVER.
I'm a HUGE fan....HOWEVER, found some sick SICK talent this season! & ..it's down 2 you
can I have a cookie?
Family is here
Hugs back! Thanks for the mention!
I echo that! Nothing like waking up and torture first thing.
Right on! Hopefully you've got time to check out our music!
We are watching Killer Klowns from Outer Space. Trying hard not to wish for the power to go out.
Seriously? I'd be curious to see a link if you have one on that.
no I did! I was asking if you agreed that it was fantastic haha
#kids Texas Virtual Academy Meet-n-Greet at Mountasia Family Fun Center, Mon, May 14 6:00p: Please join us at Mountasia Famly Fun Center...
Thanks for the #FF!
thanks u too!! :D nighty night!!!
Think I've had linough of this Jeremy Lin noise, mix in some hockey
: YOU'RE KILLING ME!!!!
Kobe do something! Three point game. Ahgsgshsjdkdjhdhs
why? Just delete it and it will be fine! X
#ReplaceAMovieTitleWithPenis Project Penis (Project X)
RT : Ever try an organic beer? Peak Organic Brewing Company will be at Idle Hands bar tomorrow, Wednesday from 7 to 9pm......
I always check the closet mirror.
See Carolyn Lukensmeyer explain how 3500 people spanning cultural and ideological differences met to tackle the deficit problem in US.
#gmail. Really dislike your new look. Go back to the older version. Stop fixing things that aren't broke
suicide silence is so fucking brutal
Tonight will be legendary ! :o)
Lmfao you do that
Great week, Buddy! Tosh.O last night, OFS final edit tomorrow, and fingers Xd for Tuesday! ;)
should def check out my music if you're into GOOD experimental electronica. Read my name. Can I be anymore clear?
We get it, You're cool because you buy championships
I cleaned!
Such good times! Thanks for sharing Jae and hope to see all of you out there again!
I think it was a little too spooky for one of them...
Still don`t get the moronic golf fans calling Matt Kuchar "Kooch". Don`t they know what they`re calling him?
Listen to filling in for today at 3p on !!! Tim rules...Booker is still kinda cool.
Never trippin off what ain't mine.."
I might sound bitter when I say this but I do regret wasting my time. I can't gain back feelings and emotions that were wasted.
NICE!!! :) Living in So Cal, its like spring/summer all the time, so I'm used to that lovely weather, but I bet stoked!...
My 700follower is a slut
Thank you Amanda,Just in time!!
sometimes it is.
: Could you imagine the reason why they made the shows TV-14 every week, running both shows? It would be chaotic.
Thank you so much for coming and supporting. RT : awesome party # Salvage One and congrats again to
I remember when and myself use to be close...now IDK where the F he went :(
Anyone want to do anything tonight?
43 and Sunny already in NYC. Going for a run across the Williamsburg bridge.
I love your body. Do we get a preview of the photo's for sale?
I hope they know: if Kung Fu Panda 2 wins anything, there'll be a Panda 3. But the Academy's evil so they probably don't care.
This Sunday, I am going to do some Shakespeare with my friend Mathew Brenher! Very excited!
Thank you and ! is honored to be featured on your list
Just hit 6000 texts for this month
Does writing a paper count? At least I'm doing it outside...
Cosigned RT : You inspire me because your bags are gorgeous and are taking over the world!
Yeah, most of my friends live the opposite direction of where this is & would be difficult to do on a work night for most.
Nice...wishing you many "aha" moments and no dry spells. Happy Writing!
Thanks to everyone who came out last night! Keep an eye out for new show dates!
I just got an email using the word forthwith. Makes my Monday.
hey! Just saw this now. I've always had great experiences here. Have you checked them out?
Free 10th drink — a beautifully-predictable jackpot.
I'll have to come in and pick up a new dress to wear to the show!!! :)
Base hit, two on, still in this one! #Brewers need a double right NOW! Pitching change coming up for the Reds
That Peter Lorre looking little person from the Artist is going to be fighting off the pussy after tonight’s win.
Welp, can't sleep, this sucks. I thought I was tired, but it just went away. Hm. What to do. OH Animal Crossing!
look out 4 my new mixtape called #Ready4It it drops this month. Hosted by max b! We got a banger on there called "wavy 4 life"
Me and my sister were never close until we moved here. Infact she used to hate me. Now we are closer than ever and now she's moving in july.
are you tweeting about Paul's class right now?
Happy mothers day to the world's greatest, sweetest, funniest, most inspirational mother - my hero :) I love you mom!
don't know if the #PacersPlayoffs want 2 rile up the
that what's up man.. Just out here grinding it out... No complaints
"I'm Lieutenant Dan'ing it right now"
Our Compton Based Hood Movie that we need Financiers/INVESTORS 4 will STAR n Other Known Talent
I see studying is going well pussy !
baby! Get at me!
Yo... If you like the new vid.. RT my last tweet.. And get everyone else to RT it too!...
Let's all head down to Linneman's for some rock and roll and beer!
tune in to 103.1 today at 5pm.. New station! Want the press release?
All I Wanted was you...
What's your favourite movie?
I know it's a long shot, but for a few % of people, taking Tylenol will help get you back to sleep. Works for me.
Mistake of your business: failing to fail
It’s easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission – Grace Hopper
Thanks for hanging out and giving us a chance.. You rock!
I noticed that u always have something on ya mind just not so early. Liked u a lot today
It's Wednesday! Come in and try our Chill-Chocolate Black tea! Just the kind of pick-me-up you'll need to end this week positively!
Happy April! Purple Door's 1 year anniversary is soon upon us...
Thank you!
Projected growth in the court reporting industry of approximately 18% between 2011 and 2018
Hunger gets wat hunger wants... Lol
Pretty sure you meant , not us. Still some hot scratchin' though. Very nice work.
oh I know its going to be interesting with her being pregnant
Just poured! Tangerine~Fig Lotion bars...smells amazing !!!!!
Obviously Bo Ryan!
Now checking out these guys. Rootsy folksy fans, check out
He was arrested on sexual assault charges.
I'm messing wit u LOL
Some nights I stay up cashing in my bad luck; some nights I just call it a draw...
You failed? You got rejected? So what?! Get up and keep going!
Taking back the Round Bar! Come to Saz's tomorrow for Happy Hour extended to close! Free Apps!
dude! abby is mad at me because nate told her that i was talking about them in English when i wasnt! ask my class!
Trending at #1 just like I said you would :)
Just like Christmas morning eh?
You should have! We have plenty of leftovers! By the way, I like you :) that's all.
still going to be in chicago tomorrow?
A local youth pastor is also an MMA fighter? See how this unique marriage is working right now on
do u hate me?
6th triathlon this year on Sunday! I have been 8th or 9th on the swimming out of several hundred athletes but get passed on the bike and...
I am not sure, but something bad seems to be happening on wall street.
If not set admission fees, museums must encourage suggested donations at ticket windows and
exactly. Finally someone logical speaks!
I wish my class mates can do that but when i get bullied my friend was just standing there
For what it's worth, I still hate the name.
I love making someone's essay bleed. It makes me feel smart. >:)
RT : Whoever said dreams don't come true is a gat damn lie!!!
last i heard, he was a projected second round pick if he leaves.
For real?? wow
5 steps 1. Audition the single in front of industry professionals. Producers, Writers, ENGINEERS and Musicians 2. Release the Single on ...
Robert Horry won two more rings after he left LA
Job fair tomorrow
Just woke up from a nightmare that I keep having... Someone plz help me :'(
ADD 'ALWAY SUPPORTING MAHONE" IN EVERY TWEET(:
Thank you! RT : #shoutout to and for keeping me updated on everything
I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes. Yves Saint Laurent
In school so bored
Apparently today is national high five day, so #HappyNationalHighFiveDay everybody!!
ok so my family wants to do nothing for easter!?!?... mama's getting drunk on Sunday bwahaha
“: What!?!”yea i kinda wanna go off b/c now he's all OCD been home 10 min and washed his hands 7 times
surprised to get an "amen" from miss attitude!
Hahahaha. Seeing how everyone on my tl wants to meet anyone BUT me is pretty funny. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
daughter-in-law, who loves you and is better to you than seven sons.” 16Naomi took the child and held it to her bosom. She #Torah 95/99
you shld of!!
Fuck you i just got a unfollow and i know who you are you unfollowed me bc you saw im a #CeNation fan
pshh being stupid can be a blast! Hah
#Cardinals select #Patrick Peterson #LSU #NFL Draft
Be Like #wiunion ! First #recallwalker! Or Americans will continue to suffer needlessly in silence. #ObamaIsWorking ...Gop isn't
Dear can we watch cruel intentions?
Got to school without my dick snapping in half.
I wonder if my gf thought I was mad or serious af cus I said her name? Lol
Well that was the most embarrassing/ aweful/ terrifying/ dreadful/ worst experience of my life........ LAWLZ
Crossfit gym fit for grueling workout routines - The Abington Journal
say more about disdain for nyt dowd ...
I know, what's sad is that I can understand why she thought it would be ok since kids walk around her school w/ Confed. flags
Yes it would! ;P RT : That would look hot on you!
Watching #Wristcutters for the 9 millions time!!
Field Goal Challenge: 0/1 from 40 yds 0/1 from 40 yds. No signing bonus, and may god have mercy on our souls
Friday night, South Bend Super 8, Bee Movie
Abort Galleria mission. I repeat, abort. Next sudden Flashmob will be announced before the end of the week.
The greatest form of praise is the sound of consecrated feet seeking out the lost and helpless. Billy Graham
I could watch #cops all day!
Got into #oomfs "car" n it smelled like old bologna , sex, ass and sweat .. that smell is still irratatin my nose n tht was a week ago
I oovooed with for like 30 seconds then he said he has to move on to the next set of people. Lol
(((Isa))) Muah! I hope you have a great weekend! You are the best!
Go #Brewers !
How does a man show he's planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
So proud of !!!! #Superstar!!!
Keep up with the latest news from the American Botanical Council. Follow us today!
MMA can stay. Just get rid of Affliction t-shirts and Jay Glazer. RT : : Things that should just go away.
AND T-Mac
Planning for a music video
I hope everything turns out ok((:
Today the International Chamber Artists will be here performing in our lobby. Come stop by and see them!
Everytime im bored I get my guitar and just randomly make a song about ??? :D lol
Speedy fingers over her Cliff. ;-)
Good, busy tho. How about you?
The Pearl has the #2 most bikeable community score in the world! Only Amaterdam ranks higher. It's a great example of urban renewal.
There are only two kinds of people in the world, The Irish and those who wish they were.
Did I miss something or is there a major lack of Bud Light commercials?
New on Marshall is pricey but totally worth it. Coffee is crazy good.
hahaha I was trying last time... I got it down maybe one and a quarter times.
It's National Family Day... and also National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! Perfect combo! Make some cookies w/ the kids today!
Fuck! Ain't A Got Damn Thing To Eat In This House. && Thas Not Even Overdramatics. The Fridge && Cabinets Is EMPTY.
This officiating is getting bad. Davis get hacked every time he goes to the basket.
I'm pretty sure that got fixed in 10.7.4.
Happy Yuengling Day in Columbus! Who's celebrating tonight?
all these fairytales are full of shit one more fucking love song ill be sick
"No easy way out" song from Rocky IV is simply one of the best of all time.
just saw you in a beer commercial. told my friends who you were like I know you though I've only seen you in asssscat.
Awesome photo shoot today with actress, !
I bet you wish you had your Road King. I love that Sea to Sky Drive in BC. It's awesome. Have fun.
please check your Inbox
We got ya'll back. Good work on what you do. Peace.
what a sweet phone number!
...James called the police on my dad. Its a LONG ass story... <3PINK<3
Seeing a lot of new mid calf, floor length and to the knee length skirts for spring. Very lady like looks! Would you wear them?
Become a trusted advisor - tips for selling to affluent
you've got smart stuff to say, señorita Hiller.
win against the Bears and a loss to the Pats.
damn I'll have a corona for you chica!!!! ;)
(It's the only way to get there!) RT Bite size positive change can lead to a menu of goodness & vitality!
YOU DA ONE.
Watching Saved By the Bell
I'm using Pimsleur Italian I. Be careful about reading the fine print on their offers - great training but marketing; meh.
you probably already know how to cook it!! I'm a novice :)
It does when you are from texas!
Just crop dusted the entire bar.
I'm freaking starving!
t minus 30 days! (if all goes according to plan)
Leap day should be a holiday.
great to hear! have you renewed yet?
I'm leaving to go around 11-
Its so hot out :-)
When they text you ouytta nowhere <<
hahaha don't hold your breath he was born like this don't see him changing anytime soon
It is SO HARD to listen to Jay & Ye and not go crazy at the bus stop.
Awesome! We look forward to seeing you there!
YOU HAVE TO PURCHASE $5 worth of "notes" to use on the site, but you can pay as little as 10cents of that to watch my show.
Wishing that gs had personal carrels for gs students or teaching opportunities for MAs/MSs. Funding, space, or other? No solution.
Oh, 2 A.M. already?
I think they have to cut Jones and carry Zombo a few weeks until he's ready to play...get Lattimore on the PS if possible
While in San Mateo, CA I meet someone from McDowell County and someone from Clarksburg. Small world!!
that is a great age. You should come here for one of our camps. LOL!
Baba O'Riley Gaslight Anthem. So good
I know, at this rate I may have to plan something for my bday to make sure you ppl come ... yes that is related.
Happy Mothers' Day from WordPlaySound!
Unless you change how you are, you will always have what you've got. ~ Jim Rohn
Yes were still looking for a drummer, its been a harder search than we thought but well never give up. check out our tunes and let us...
i hate
you can get a massage any age. We recommend starting off at 8 years old
I want people too see me for who I really am.
If You could collob on a song with any artist who would it be?
Yayyy I going to DR !
In Miami :)
Time to study for AP Gov!
Congrats , and ! Be on the lookout for a DM!
#1D4D Do you consider WAI-ARIA in designing for the web?
All I need in this life of sin is me and headed to rivers!!! Come
Haha! Product placement is a great way to move the economy.
- check you mr iPhone! #ijs!
can chachi sign my pants please
Creepy. RT : Check out an art installation today with products! IKEA FAMILY discount $1 off admission!
EDU version of Symbaloo live tomorrow! Hope teachers will be involved to bring the best online teaching tools into the classroom!
Panel made up of strong and marketers re: March Madness promotions in '11
Looking forward to a lovely Easter Brunch! At
Chest and shoulders should be worked on two separate days in order to reduce strain on the rotator cup.
you looked amazing tonight! You look amazing in red :)
failed physics quiz..yea thanks teacher could i have another?...
"What complicated the diplomacy was thefact that the Chinese considered the very notion of negotiations over a Chinese citizen unacceptable"
we on for tonight?
brooke you get to see 1D before me, not cool. but only by a week
“: The thirst...”>> is real lol DASANI
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: Men Wielding Fire: Tri-tip.
Better luck next time dad!! Off to Bruges!! :) :)
Due to prior obligations I'm missing my usual May 1 visit to the Haymarket Martyrs Memorial in Forest Home Cemetery
I KNOW THE LAST ONE IS NOT A BODY TYPE
The Red's game is a definite.
Bay got me drinking remy
Hey Abby reply
so we gonna eat this cake or not? How much money do I need to throw in?
Cruz can take his place anyday
Oh, and don't ever sleep on DJ TAT MONEY--that motherfucker was incredible. Ties with CUT CREATOR for #1 in my old school book.
Checking back in with pop radio. Not much changed since last summer. Except Adele.
Going to spend my cab money on more shots and just take the ambulance home.
wat do I do dani
I Passed 7k Tweets And I Didnt Even Notice! Oh Well! p:
its mash potato's over here its all gravy
USA Today: highway deaths down thanks to fuel poverty! Of course those deaths, x2, will shift to lack of timely health care. ,)
that's how we roll lol
Hope you feel better soon! (:
Never take things for granted<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Oops! Forgot to say to everyone that I made it to Cupertino, CA safe & sound & I've been w/ my family filled with joy & laughs. :)
Am I being petty for leaving a note on their car? I just don't like people parking in my parking spot. Now I have to walk 5 more feet
"Do you want to just purchase these like a normal person?"- Kristen in studio services. Touché!
highly affordable, powerful, compact printer from CAPS International.
fuck the bulls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Off to the gym now to get that beach bod back in time to move back to San Diego!
Hard day at work
turns out I'm pretty good at making sangria
Everyone needs their release...
my heart just stopped....
My favorite stat, from Peggy Johnson at Health Systems International: "Two-thirds of all statistics are made up on the spot."
Fully aware. Just showing some love for the boys see if Wilde can get them a plaque or something Good luck at camp JW!
Just got a massive urge to paint. Too bad I don't have supplies.. :(
yeah, you coming down?
It's a chilly one this morn ladies and gents <U+26C4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Steve Novak just did the Discount Double Check and Lin just drilled a contested 3 in Dirk's face.
writing sql queries makes be feel powerful ... i need to redefine my definition of power... i am aiming too low!
This game is crazy! Coaches fighting benches fighting whoaa! Wild playoff series coming up between these 2 teams.
Need something along the lines of "German for Rare Materials Catalogers." And/or a cookie for every German title that I catalog.
pretty good. So glad it is Friday. You?
#isupportthat, especially if plays as Arsenal
That's a pretty important one. Metropolis blew my mind as a kid. I couldn't believe the effects.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen someone says "Thats not your real hair" & you respond with "I paid for it so it's mine!!"
Hearing it from Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC on Sirius in my car. Apparently will happen within an hour or so in an interview.
I forgot to put detergeant in the washer when i did my laundry #gradbashaftermath :s
After student vandalized Brighton H.S. see how local science business is looking to help. has story tonight at 11 on
I'm so funny right? How haven't I found a career in comedy? RT I don't understand how this doesn't have 50+ retweets..
salmon and eggs
Consider registering with for great resources to improve your #records management!
I'm so jealous. Enjoy!
hey there lady! Can't wait to see you and say hello!
PDX comedy fans: No Pun Intendo is returning to Ground Kontrol this spring! More details soon...
Why u need a criminal lawyer? 1)Reduce to a lesser charge, 2)lower the punishment, & 3)reduce/eliminate jail time, go to:...
When you know you try to hard to be funny.
BAHAHA. This just killed me dead.
dude me too! Where are you watching?
either way 1 less girl or 2more, I don't think it matters. Just from a stress level less is more. I'll get off my horse now ;)
Getting closer... RT : How about 30%? #OpFeed We think its great you all provide ANY amount of fresh produce...
good to be back at the Colisee in Lewiston after a nice long holiday break...its Lewiston vs. Drummondville
Thinking about buying a pink snuggie.
Just ate lunch and heading of to a presentation at Palmer MS.
GOP debate. Hope #RonPaul gets proper media coverage this time.
We had a great show at The Hearthstone last night. Thanks to the staff for taking care of us. Thanks to our fans and supporters.
can we get some Hobbits in there?
Thanks SO much for the comments, I know the kids will be so excited. They have had a great time creating them this week. :)
Clear skies and shooting stars while crossing the Mojave tonight.
Pizza, gossip and local celebrity annual
I wish my job wasn't so uptight about are nails
By the way, I ended up buying a cute yellow one at NubeGreen & love it! I think it may even appear in one of our product...
adorable. RT : Watching 3 kids discover and be entranced by B-Boy dancing Cool.
I need to find a way to deal with this issue. Introducing new tech in my classes has had spotty outcomes due to stu resistance
Spam us with some shows coming up. Event pages, flyers, whatever. POST THEM HERE
it makes me mad when people dont know how to say your name its sounds like LOUI but some people say LOUIS with the s sound
why, are you???
time to get even with FSU. No 1 seed looming. Duke well sucks.
check out geek wraps I think they are the ones that have it..
I sent my bands stuff for one of the live at 5's you should look for us
Oh gosh, I keep switching up brands and shoes. Rt now I'm doing Asics.
Warning #1: the heavy metal bluegrass sounds of The Gravel Spreaders will be laying waste to Thee Parkside (SF) this Sunday at 4pm
I love Percy Jackson and All Time Low! :D
ASAP rocky sound like the 6th Bone Thugs n Harmony sometimes how he be rapping..
I have no idea, need to investigate further!
Order your Cupcake for a Cure online from May 7-13th and have your cupcakes delivered to you!
Just finished 'The Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks' by Phenomenal book! Highly recommended!
Police searching for young males who jumped MBTA driver behind the wheel. Bus slammed into building in Roxbury. at 5:30 on
Thrilled to welcome virtuoso #developer back to the #DCtech community! Thanks to for stealing him away from
School #36 is here with their sketch pads to see our penguins
Now Announcing our 11/12 Hippodrome Broadway Series! South Pacific•La Cage•Lion King•Wishful Drinking•Addams Family•Memphis•Mary Poppins
good morning how you?
Been slipping on my #early starts
hahaha you fell asleep !
What is this Metta World Peace business I keep seeing all over here & FB?
then start talking during games hah
Morning! “ Good morning stranger! RT Morning world!”
Shout me out![:
RT : Anyone go to the concert last night?
Can always count on tweetin' library folks to offer thoughtful opinions. Thanks for the class guidance! Will update as the drama unfolds.
well technically two cause the third one is mine along with the charger and battery packs so naw bitch lol
55min Ha! Barton off! What an absolute moron. Elbows Tevez, kicks Aguero and tries to head butt Kompany. Ban this guy for life somebody.
Kancher is killing it on espn right now
You accidentally hit the unfollow button or what fathead?! Lol
Ok, thanks!
He pimp slapped me ^_____^
I can wear a maxi dress/skirt everyday of the week they're so comfy
4. "Is it their "Black" pride that they hide?"
You are very welcome!! You have some great concerts this season!
CAN I HEAR ONE OF THOSE HOOKS
#SignsAPersonCantCook They burn cereal.
#Memphis up by 5 with less than a minute to go ....
geez, i shoulda went in the air force instead
I have heard that the kids playing for change on corners can can cut heads with the average musician
I still I got buttload of videos to upload since I Was so busy going out and studying for the finals I must have at least 40-
That would be swell how do I go about doing this?
haha but it's the truth u know I always thought she would've gone out with Greg sulkin
Congrats. GL on 110, it was a bitch and a half for me. Failed 3 times.
is Todd Helton a secret weapon in getting Manning to Denver? Seems like their friendship and school heritage would be a plus here
Har! Too clever for me. :)
yeah girl now you know why I'm here haha, but Austin in itself is something you have to experience!
he's fine. Stop being obsessive worried fans.
Impractical jokers is seriously one of the funniest shows ive ever seen!
Don't you mean herpes medicine? :)
hey ladybug! How are you?
He's also on the twitters
So relieved that's over! No more midterms :)
You deserve a day where worries don<U+FFFD>t get in the way of anything
Yea, I say. RT : Stone Temple Pilots. Yea or nay?
Normally I don't care abt celebrities enough to feel this strongly, but yes, I really hate Kiki Palmer. I'll pray to do better.
check your phone
You need to stop teasing us!!
I just realized my ipod has been playing music all day. W. O. W.
We should look for someone to eat and drink with before looking for something to eat and drink... ~Epicurus
You're welcome! Always love hearing how people are being creative, especially if it's green! Great read :)
Our clients are linear critical thinkers, and they hire us for our messy creative thinking. We bridge the gap between technical and "wow!"
Sure! No problem!
Be a Learning Champion! Learn Something New Each Day.. great advice!
Have returned home to SF with a TON of music! Perspectives is awesome; small gathering with wonderful colleagues and surroundings.
New Nao merch is being designed.
This is shaping up to be a fantastic Twitter morning. RT : Haters look in the mirror now do me a favor and slap yourself
can i unfollow you ? & when your done talking shit you can let me know so i can follow you back ?
my dad (a professor) used that song to teach us kids about plagiarism.
me too minus the music im watchin Reba...lol
Stopped in Springfield for Denny's.
Awesome day in #PDX. What are you doing for lunch today?
Dr. Tse of : constant current dbs might be improvement over current dbs treatments #pairup4pd nyc
he only played six matches at the international level, has pretty good statistics for that level of competition. He is part of the group; we
can you help me get more followers? I follow back instantly!
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!! We hope you enjoy your day.
It is so easy to get something that you don't need anymore...
downloading swac clipppsss. gotta make a video for (:
More boos for Pats, right?
On my way to the Greenhornes concert at the Double Door. Pretty sure CTA just stole a fare from me.
cause u get a lot of followers so fast I can't even do that
so u can lone me some money then lol
I'm kinda excited for work this summer if ppl I like are hired
where the hell is chad a
is that a police siren going off?
Awww. Well I'm glad it was special! Hopefully you two have an email bridge somehow to keep in touch, right? A year's kinda long...
New and free music from some great artists! goo.gl/Tr7v2
The Wild One is in the HHHHOOOOOUUUUUSSSSEEEW
just finished a tennis hitting session with Mike..b4 the rain took over. thats my cardio for the day.
Barf! RT : DWTS alum Bristol Palin is here in the ballroom to cheer on the dancers - and she brought her mom !
I don't blame you for falling asleep lol.
Wow- never thought id be an suv dude. Lovin the new XC90 R Design
Please tell me that was the time I had Kool Aid stains ALL OVER my face. #womanofmanytalents Def feature prominently in video.
": Some shit easier said than done!"
oh I'm sorry, 7 wins mad?
I was in ft. collins - just a quick wknd family trip but next time I'm in town would love to meet up!
Ugliest basketball game I've ever seen. Uggggglyyy. Esp Boozer.
It's goin down tonight!!!
A marching band or two should make this Fall's show "How To Succeed in Business Without Really Trying." It could work, and they'd succeed.
<---- follow this dude! He needs followers!
If your going to subject us to this torture during the 7th inning at least get your mics to work correctly.
RT : FREE SAUNA with any facial today. Must mention deal upon booking. 1901 N. Halsted. Call 312-255-1590 for appointments!
Beer me! RT : And it's happy hour! Whoop whoop!
Dont knw if ill ever go back home just might drop off the map feel me
GC panel #lcmo say they don't hire for the firm name but rather the practice group and specific lawyers who add value
"Defense Wins Championships" by Brian Bosworth RT : "Explanations of my FaceBook posts" by Tim Thomas
At LA fitness playing some ball with and
We totally agree. Hipsters live among us. cc:
There are so few who do not. We certainly like it.
when I went 2 your site just before I sent the tweet it said in red letters that tix were sold out. Now I see something diff
im talking about austin's birthday as if someone's just died
DING DING RT Were you even a PIT fan when they used that song RT #RememberTheIgloo by bringing Gary Glitter back 2 CEC
Worlds best pick me
than how am I a liar?! :(
I'm so confused that Glenn Beck thinks socialism and nazism are the same thing.
who fell into sex scandals, money scandals, threats of being taken in death if they did not raise so many millions of dollars by some date..
andy owes that net cord a drink. just sayin'.
Listening to being "serious" about upcoming titles... Can't wait to read them!
At taco bueno or some cheap burritos.
It doesn’t matter how long you’ve known him . If he’s kept you smiling since day one , don’t lose him .
6. lazy days.
Dora with that "no country for old men" ass haircut....jtfo. rotfl.
you had better save one of those 's for me for tonight! I need it to power me up for the 90's at 9 on
I'll try....thanks Emily!
I'm being productive today getting my car fixed instead of spending all my money on video games
i hope follows me #thisweekend<3
Thanks so much for the post! and for dealing with me. :) LOL,
Why are my parents so awkward in public? Lol omg SO AWK
It's 75 and sunny here. Holy Cow!
No sweetie I actually took 14 bucks to the bank to get the pennies to give to you.
Told every1 he was a better pic then Damon or Matsui...< lie...<<LOL...A lotta fans wanted RAUL gone after his slow start...
Much better season finale for our favorite show !
“: "Must be 3-7 sentences." Yeah...I'm only doing 3.”
Hufflepuff is the bomb!
I've hated on the casting since the beginning but after the third trailer, I fully support Anne Hathaway as Catwoman
I'm doing well. It's been a long time!!
I think I have loss of brain from getting hit today.
and you claim to have bandwidth....
Servants of the eternal King His power & glory sing; & speak of all His righteous ways with wonder & with praise. G Handel
Goodnight losers=]
i think she just tried me. well i guess ill let Mr.Number deal with her. lol
First term blue state Gov. Would have been tough MT : If O'Malley was serious, why didn't he play the Veepstakes in '08?
I really like u
we thank you for the cupcakes for our 1st annual puppy bowl!! You are the best!
Sitting up way too late, listening to the mid-winter thunderstorm and the rain outside.
Man my sinuses are acting up. What's the best medicine I should take?
give me a shout out my nigga! After all the things we've been through together lol
Real Question: If an author can give diff. publishers. rights to print / eBook, won't print pub. be SOL? ... Q too complicated for tweet :(
I haven't shaved for two days, so I'm hoping it's the former.
Okay, so I just watched Nikki Minaj's performance, exorcism, or whatever it was from last night. What the...?
Kate, Valorie Hubbard is my teacher and she tells us amazing things about you :) hope to get to meet you someday xo
Thank. God.
Thx homie! u already twenty twelve is our year! we taking it !
Playing records tonight with and the lovely tending bar 10 til close! (insert obligatory 4/20 joke here)
You can have w.e you like #teamlibra there's no love stronger then Libra love
hi! the online community map is by xkcd.com
Yeah. Sorry. I usually get upgraded so I forgot about that.
schralping looks good on you
Can't wait to check out some of the best bands in this great city tonight at So much good music in Cincy!
Just a blast at DrinksOnTap!
Ending the weekend right with a church service and mommas Sunday dinner.. If ever gets out the shower ha she takes forever!!!!
M beer. Looking forward to Passover!!
how cute! hahaha! x
We're giving a warm 'ahoy' to our new followers! Have a great weekend all!
awhh i love you and miss you Maddie <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
REVERB---- THANKS REVERB ARTIST YOU ROCK !
Cards picked up hopefully a great receiver
aw thanks Rach love ya
brunch will be remembered as the tweener meal that tore America apart
Yes, I will be there, just a week from today! In the meantime, be caseful texting and walking!
awesome, it's beautiful here!
RT : Great quote from #Brewers GM Doug Melvin about coming to Mil: "My goal was to have a team more popular than the Sausage...
Haha thanks buddy
is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure
my life would be so different, I wouldnt love country music if it wasnt for music coming into my life at 13 y/o. SO SO SO PROUD!
Thanks for the tweet! Glad you love us! :)
I wonder if one was Uecker?
I believe we understand eachother, it's just the character limitation is killing me in expressing that.
Also, how did you EVER get any man to marry you? He must be whipped as hell to put up with your crap every day. Or you give really good BJs.
Inedible waffle it's self.. <U+256F>.<U+2570>
she knoe i will go 5150 on her ...so her best bet is to leave me the fck alone ! real shit.
mom's homemade apple pie made with no sugar or sugar subs so you really taste the apples and cinnamon plus it's diabetic friendly.
haha that's exactly true
I been graduated from Hugh school for like 4 years
I understand. It's only against Chicago that happens?
The Ax man looked like his old self.
The mind will tell you what you'll get from letting go that you're already getting from holding on.
Sure no problem
hmm, maybe. It's tough for me to train during the summer, though.
We have Google TV too and it completely blows it out of the water.
God certainly is great! Great banquet was amazing! Praying for you chuck!
Delicious soup for lunch ! Perfect for a cool sunny day.
seriously, this man makes me ashamed to be a Wisconsinite...something I'd never felt before.
my condolences.
#gwu sa candidates: a bunch of you still need to submit videos to us if you want to be eligible for our endorsement...
Went to sleep working, wake up working. . .
Check in to Californos tonight for great atmosphere and music, Soltri performs, followed by Trio Aztlan -muy autentico!
Finished my English homework will do my math homework tomorrow
Sweet dreams . . .Again!
Seven Swans is still my favorite.
Reporting live and LUNCH IS HOPPING! Get here for a late lunch!
Lisa. You're Fired. Music. Dancing. The bleeding in my ears has stopped.
Just purchased e-book on data journalism for a very reasonable $3.44.
Loves me some Franchise on Team990
DAMN! Shaq just told Bynum what it is!
idk lol Did u see it yesterdayy ? Or Friday I think it was
Great Minds Become Great People! Coach Terry
do you think about me still? or do you think so far ahead, cuz ive been thinking about forever.
RT : Nintendo: sold 3 million Wii's in December, up from 2.2 million in Dec. 2008. Price cut worked its mojo.
I just think too much.
Faizan here from DC, Learning Architect with a focus on informal learning and performance support #lrnchat #amidoingthisright?
come on down! You're one of the cool kids.
We use Low-VOC paints for all of our interior painting. Your Mother in-law will never know you just painted your home before she got here.
I would like to reiterate that we wear heels to the Grammys.
went to The Taming Of The Shrew tonight... best play I have seen! Well done!
can I ask you to follow me please, so I may send you some emails in private?..Thanks Lee
Omg i'm in a meeting with people who look like they retired 20 years ago.
FINE THEN! when I figure out how to I will, but I'm not unsubing ya girlfriend, she likes it :)
Anyone wanna buy my tix for tomorrow, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday? They are cheapest tix on Stub Hub but no one is buying.
With the exception of twice in all of US history, the running mate has been a white guy. Probably boring, too.
You're a child of destiny, You're the child of my destiny, You're my child with the child from Destiny's Child
Don't get me wrong, Seattle, you've been great, but I just really miss home, the small town and tight-knit community right now.
Put DOWN that toast right NOW, girlfriend! Extra pounds we won't append. Pick UP a tasty piece of fruit. Gotta build up those glutes.
Rip pac
In Florida with Sydney<3
swag swag swag on you
Skip Bayless is the King of the LeBron hate fan club. But yet he loves Vince Young. That makes no sense at all to me.
aw sorry that it hurt:( What was it for?
As soon as you start talking about test scores, you've conceded the field the corporate ed "reformers"
I just saw an ad for something called a Bud Light Lime-a-rita. It sounds like a horrible idea. Anybody taste these alcoholic abominations?
ending this day by emptying the dishwasher and then emptying a tall glass of wine. hey, bulimic by the used just came on shuffle.
That Pug sure likes his Pizza BOL
WATCH: Jon Hamm Used To Get Around LA On Rollerblades | DJ ...
Catching up on the Office. It's not NEARLY as bad as I thought it would be!
Evan, sounds fantastic - but I'm gonna be playing in the snow! --Glynn
South Africa was dominant in their first match, shutting Uruguay out 35-0!
Happy birthday Forrest,Matt,an Rihanna.
if J Charles misses games who gets bulk of carries so I no who to grab off FA list? T Jones or McCluster?
Why do people choose to lie to me?
United Kingdom Surgical Equipment Market Outlook to 2018- Electrosurgical Devices, Hand Instruments and Surgical Sutures
Headed to bed! Goodnight y'all! Hope you had a great weekend & have a wonderful week!!! (:
Congrats to "our" Ironman Craig Alexander on his win in #Kona today. Awesome!!
Looks like Google is reversing its position on the Web being the only thing needed, no stinking apps... Web store looks cool though.
Today is National Siblings Day? Lol, I have a lot to celebrate today!
Listening to videos! I swear shes the best!:)
Out for walk. Squirrel darts out of hedge & delivers "crackback" block to my right knee! Never saw it coming@#%!
It has been like that. Lots of single file except when the leader puts a car a lap down.
Shit just got real weird
At the New Mexico State University Aggies game v. San Diego Aztecs.
Relaxing after a long day of furious packing and getting rid of many things. Oh how I do enjoy a good purging.
Dried fruit, oops I mean, "as sexual lubricant." RT : How does one make oatmeal fun?!
Grilled flatbread with duck confit, black kale, mornay sauce, fried egg, shallot and fresh herbs!!
i subscribed, subscribe back. please <3456789 :DD
Ha. My bad. Meant game to game momentum... : Love these, because it could be about anything. :)
its a Mexican brand of some sort
Okay moms - cord blood banking - did you do it or not? If so, how much does it cost?
are you pregnant? Haha
Thanks, Billy! you're such a great cheerleader! :)
HI : ) Love th new look on ur profile!
Agree with ; comparison to French is poor. Spoken languages are tougher after puberty, not written ones.
But he's sipping through a straw. I'm so confused, lol.
That awkward penguin sex scene.
Looking forward to hearing Nancy's take on DeVry's social efforts and impact on its brand
Grand Groove tonight.
I ate vegetables without being told.
Great idea! We hope you enjoyed your holiday!
Sounds like a cool gig. Emory folks were everywhere at #ACHJ12. I know the assoc appreciates their support.
LCD screen = FUCKED UP! Its the whole reason i keep talking to my phone. haha
Friday Night PARTY!! Message or comment for FREE PASSES!
and dont die inside. Lets just be happy hes dating keyra:)
gw bush ="mission NOT accomplished", President Badass Obama= The Taliban Terminator! mitt romney NO CLUE about foreign relations or HUMANITY
FINALLY MADE A TWITTER! #pumped (;
Haha, I am too!
“: Bought a 2m HDMI cable for $2.63 free shipping. They used to cost $149 at Circuit City.” it's the small victories...
Were so stoked about recording soon :) we will keep updating!
I've never been more excited to hear someone might have herpes.
thank you.
There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy. -- Ralph H. Blum, author
you're perfect and I love you. You're unique and thats what makes YOU beautiful :) I love you just the way you <3 just saying
Looking forward to the Sibelius Vn. Concerto and the Britten tonight. Thx to all!
But you can get like, hella money if you wanted to lol
I'm having a me party at McDonald's. I dare you to judge me.
RT : New blog post from ShopNichePLR - Interview with PLR Expert, Tiffany Dow bit.ly/qlQF9Q
Last night we wrapped up our 3 weeks of shooting for "I Am Gabriel" the film. What a wonderful team to work with!
Looking for a talented digital designer for a redesign. Small budget, so I'm looking for someone with a heart for orphan ministry. Ideas?
Wana make me feel special? Then follow me please and wish me luck for my soccer game tomorrow?? Please
thanks, I'll dupe as well.
The one-eyed man in king among the blind.
if pws feel reviews are useless something has gone wrong-or was it ever thus? Would love 2 find way back
what's up mamma
thanks Pierre! you're the man for
RT If I have to sacrifice my principles of constitutionalism to vote for Mitt, what do I get in return? What's in it for me?
And I don't know how to get the numbers. That's why we bring smart people in.
no I'm still here sweetheart
I should've put ATL on my iPhone , I feel like watching that today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
i wish i was that ticc... lol...
Tried 120 min IPA by for the first time today. Phenomenal!
Student assistants just finished counting map cataloging backlog: 834 maps in 25 languages. Glad they aren't stacked up in a pile.
Fingers crossed times a million.
We have plenty of room...you know everything is BIG IN TEXAS!
Great another ex is following me, hope she doesn't figure out which tweets are about her. Psst they're the ones about freckles & big booty.
Haha! Nice! Check Out My BG Even Tho It Has Nothing To Do With The IB
Everyone should read Sammy Hagars book! He came from nothing, payed his dues for years and years completely from ground up! Inspiring!
Though an adult should never puke (unless it's from too much to drink), I think I feel better now? Hope I don't throw up in court.
Followed follow back?
By responding, sharing, asking questions...
yeah i kinda do with a hint of cry baby tears!
Your comfort zone is your biggest enemy in your life.
New blog post : Cardio Exercises That Help You Maximize Fat Loss
wish u would have said something earlier I could have helped u! I don't like being that much of a procrastinator.
Having a bad day :(
#WhenSummerComes Im gonna tan like crazy !
Analyzing the future of CJ, in relation to this game. It's rather incredible how good he's been, for reals.
any1 has good sites to upload student videos before posting it on their school page? our site tends 2 blur all podcasts out.help.
sigh I hope you can go :/
Stoked for some playoff puck tonight
you would be amazing Amy Ohh wait you already are :-)
Don't confuse being 'soft' with seeing the other guy's point of view. George Bush
yes sir
Well I certainly hope there's no relation! I'm "CAROL" Ann McCracken! :)
The DIY Trunk Show would not be as successful if it weren't for the support of Ald. Harry Osterman and the Edgewater Chamber of Commerce.
Today I learned crontabs generally live in /var/spool/cron/crontabs. Very useful.
THAT SAYING FROM HIM AND IT STUCK. ONE MOVIE AND I'LL ALWAYS REMEMBER THIS PHRASE. HE IS A GENIUS. HIS MESSAGE IS DIVINE. VERY POWERFUL IN
So today I found out that my body fat is 10%. I'm so happy it went down but I still need 5% more to get to my goal. #motivation #goal :D
Hustlin GOING H.A.M AT THE CLUB? COME EAT AT HUSTLIN' STEAKS 4617 LANCASTER AVE WEST PHILLY OPEN TILL 4AM FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
No me mientas / Do not lie to me
“: for sure! I'll talk to Katy. Hopefully I'll see you then”<< sounds good. Keep me posted
Need chapstick but mom "doesn't have time" to drive me. Lol k. Bye.
"Knuckle game like Cotto..."
Hahaha its funny how porn movies have names like that to fool us into tuning into them lol
now you have "hot cross buns" in my head :-) Good to run into you earlier. Booeys was so yummy.
Lawyer told me he want my money to be clean I said this dirty money the only thing you'll get from me
god really busy but good :) ha
Good to hear, Mike. Thanks
(Have I mentioned I'm #cyberfunding this story? It's all sort of exciting.)
I found the traffic finally. 12 miles from my destination.
Brewers FTW. Now the Pack is up. Southwestern stew is simmering and waiting for the man to get home.
#MCRChat Yeah!!!!!! I`m Here XD
Lalala, wish this kid would hurry up and get here. I'm bored.
Job interview time #fun haha
working, enjoying life and traveling soon
We need to hang soon, since we didn't get to last night. xp
where are you PRINCE??? :D ,, he never on
today is not my day
four days later and you're still our favorite ;-)
I'm seriously very flattered! Thank you. This will be our entertainment tonight & reviewed Tues. morning. xo
I GOT A SONG WIT ONE OF THE BIGGEST ARTIST IN THE CITY.....RETWEET IF YOU WANNA BE FEATURED ALONGSIDE !!!!!!!!!
Californos will host a cast party for Fool's Fortune, a theatrical event of Byrd Productions featuring clowning and other circus-folk Friday
She really was the epitome of both, wasn't she? And she spoke Portuguese :)
"We’re 85 days into a 2 yr program here. We’re trying 2 get money out as quickly as we can. not too quickly.
#LASelects also won Pee Wee #CAHA State title last weekend
Thank God
wow..you can't even speak in spanish right
My newest book, "Analyzing Monsters - Family Cures" "The Drew Peterson Saga" has just been released in hard and soft cover. $9.50 - E Reader
Last time I was in San Diego was with Macho Man for Slim Jim. Times have changed... So excited to be going with the MFF team!!
that thing where you can only write two sentences before you need to look away again. what IS that thing?
Thanks, Maureen! There's nothing better than homegrown blogs and recipes! I have you bookmarked!
Looking at these podcast tracklists & 80% of them are all the same songs. No disrespect, but you #housemusic dj's gotta dig!!!
I am not going to fall asleep to Tonight because I am not laying down, it's impossible to fall asleep wile standing up everyone knows that
Christelle was doing to much in the game lastnight lmao took her 5 min to turn around.
So my draft box had messages in it
lol idk why i thought this was so funny . she was gettin it .
Jim Rohn: Happiness is not by chance, but by choice
April 6th Brewers V. Cardinals at Miller Park...I'm ready for some payback
Agreed, an incredible piece. I recall that match & was gutted about the injury but glad CK666 is back with us.
SF is scary
true so true!
hey Ariana! Love you :*
Gotye is way too packed. No way getting to see him.
Thanks sweetie
I'm gonna let my hair grow
Emily where are you....
#Coachella... Where every girl is the quirky star of her own Indie film.
Ok cool, how is everything in your camp man, been too long..
Sloppy offense in the sense that guys seemed confused but they did get a lot of good shots, just missed. Pierce's FG struggles...
I think you take all the blame Scott :) Actually Sandra may be the culprit :)
Are you saying you can't dance? I don't care anymore. We kept this going for awhile... against all odds.TAKE A LOOK AT ME NOW!
When Linkin Park become becoming official band for NBA playoffs?
she really is gorgeous
Can't stop till I see my name on the blimp.
Share UR fun facts / ideas / riddles / jokes / whatever about masturbation. Celebrate National Masturbation Month! #NMM & dont forget lube!
When you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
Got the craziest fucking work out today..
i have a little ignorance but im really all about that intelligence
Ohh congrats! I won cookies last #TNI I did (they were amazing!) Love SM
Note to The Fray....it's always wise to tune your guitar before playing on national TV. Good lord this is one of the worst renditions.
Just heard my sister interviewing my grandma, haven't heard her voice in so long.......love u and miss u so much grandma! Rest in peace
they serving free Arnold Palmer in the basement of the Detroit Public Library right now real rap
What kind of tree fits in your hand?
The Silk Tie likes Johnny! Dogs respond better when you have a tie on, thesilktie.com
Goodbye stacks of articles about plainware in S. Arizona.
2morrow from 6-8p we feat: Jason Labbe, Jeff Michaels Band, and music business round table on unregularradio.com through CityWideBlackout
:-) #JasonStatham was amazing. But the action in the movie was so bloody charged & constant. Even #sushi dinner didn't help:-)
So enjoyed your visit. Already looking forward to next time! Safe travels!
i liked your video!! nice job
Dan of the Pension Fund: Can't invest your way out of it, of that I'm certain. What we have is a funding problem.
Gonna be a good day! I just know it! (;
The remix of Countdown on "4: The Remix" is like something from outer space mixed with love and unicorns mixed with Beyoncé.
oh DM or text me reall quick got a question.
I'm just a high ass negro. Me &
Give a man a gun & he can rob a bank, give a man a bank & he can rob the world..
women lie,men lie.
It takes more than just looks to get me hooked
You're talking about bleaching and tanning?
I am choosing to Love all of me.
Most Likely. If we don't go to Sheets I'll be pissed.
Another 12 weeks complete for #P90X. Today I did the #CoreSynergistics workout.
Screw "shoulds"! Do what you love, do what you feel.
hi Michelle :)
I'm going to marry a surfer. they are always so
#zebratweets - NICE! RT : ...recommend voice recog for #zebratweets - but looks like he's got it covered :-)
I know, I was like... JORDAN! Haha!
Just bought my Rockstar UPROAR tickets!
/ let's get em team!!
ALL TEENS!! THIS SUNDAY THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO!! ITS GONNA BE CRAZY PACKED
I JUS SAW HIM ON DA DISNEY CHANNEL LMAO I AGREE WIT DA COMPARISON
good lord no! how about Parti?
'Golden Voice' homeless man finds job, home after viral video success
he may need to retire and stick to Queen Latifah movies at this point... I just can't think of him the same after that
haha. , I was like laying on you! Hahha.
We still pulling for the Jazz!!
How was your Thanksgiving?
I'm actually coming around to Anna Karkowska. Aside from the vibrato, she's pretty good! I like her
On our way to #WITS! Hope the Barrio truck is still outside.
Haters Aint Nothin To Do In Their Life. But Hate. Because We Got And You Dont. Stop Stalking Move On With Your Hoe.
No problem! I will have a Sara's burrito in hand and most likely serenade you with a Train top 40 hit...just like old times.
set for Siegfried?
Reggie Miller preaching the
hell yeah! unable to make that drive but good luck!
What are your plans for #Halloween? Planning to trick or treat at #Paradise Valley Mall? Come by and say hi!
hello back
I hope so lol
I got accepted into NHS(:
You interpreted my last tweet perfectly. That's what happens when you hand your iPad to a two year old!
:-( beautiful day for a ride and a great picture too
me to but I'm gonna get a torta instead
I am the same way. I may get very angry with people but I am not capable of hating either.
Excited to get put under tmrw #freakyfun ...if I don't wake up I leave my twitter account to
dude! OBAMA IS THE MAN!
and upload a picture
Hiring a new voice/piano instructor today. Very excited about the growth in our teacher and student numbers this school year.
I wish that when I wake up, you're there :/
Shuttle launch updates, rain & coffee, meetings & band practice...must be the beginning of a new week
"kansas just needs to stick around. You have to be ready to respond when threatened" great point by Steve Kerr
aww that sucks luv! What did u do?
330 followers!! Yes!!! Help me get 500.?! anyone!!
really frustrated.. I had all afternoon free and wanted to start modifying a theme by - signed up, paid, and can't log in :
... But one of the best ways to bring big ideas into reality.
No electrician position currently open. But, here's a tip for you: Search Postings >> Department 'Facilities Management Services'.
you're welcome! Love their workouts :)
Chilling with and
They say keep it 100 but I got no choice
If the culprit was really called Hot Stuff, inevitable that Donna Summer schtick will follow.
Did you know that staying in shape can help decrease your risk of periodontal disease?
Same here! I have way too many movie lists as excel spreadsheets right now.
is my future hubby(;
i like his whole cd especially piece
Watching Sharisse play video games.
People think it's rude when I smack my food..but that sandwich betta have MY MONEY!!
I need some more fun people to follow...
ROI is the wrong Q to ask in social media- instead ask what you get in return
Anyone have ideas on projects connecting students to environmental issues?
Oh thanks! She looks "deep in thought."
"RT: We will NEVER allow a few folks out their talking nonsense to detract us from the commitment to social justice"
Me too. Seriously I have such a thing for her all the way around.
RT : Truly you are a mighty guru! The simplicity of the solution is too revelatory for mortality to handle! Must stock up!
If people stop paying to see them that is the only way they will stop, sadly.
Closing in on 2000 followers! Thanks everybody.
The #terran starts by attacking with Marauders to put stress on his opponent and to scout him at the same time
they would not accept that I was educated as a historian and only saw me as an interpreter. Like one can't be the other
Social media flip videos can be used in training, but you still need high quality audio, video and scripting.
leaving aside MLS, this is exactly what we do for researchers. shouldn't KU med get creative to get phds to cure cancer?
Woman next to me remarks to me: You are ex. of what was talking about, one who communes w/ distant others
Intuit Buys B2B Startup For Only 7x Revenues
LOL- I will ask him tonight.
Practicing bass in one's BVDs is comfy indeed, but unfortunately this is not church-approved attire.
Today was was pretty terrible, but it's ending well so, hopefully tomorrow will be better.
Guess what happens when a co-worker calls out for a week with no repercussions? *Everyone* starts calling out sick because, really, why not?
Long day at work? Unwind at #Fridays with $5 LITs. Enjoy them with a side of half-priced #appetizers at the bar from 4-7pm!
Y'all best be reading my tweets from the next session!
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
Survey: which thumb do you use to hit the space bar and what's your dominant hand? I'm a righty but space w/ my left thumb.
it had to be his twin then
I creidn when Harry Styles cried.
Great Friday afternoon tweet
You made my day.
Leslee Razgaitis, National Geographic #Academedia conf #GeorgetownCCT Founder of Discovery Channel pitched NatGeo first. Had to go it alone
do video ma!! Loved it!
>What may seem like contradiction may b misunderstanding b/c you're looking @ it through male privilege. Not always, bt possble
I hope there's a point at which I can stop looking back in anguish at things I've previously written.
Rain forecast not looking good for Wind Down Wednesday with Ken Ford. Still trying to decide.
Holy shit! Champion liar #mikedaisey my flight to London!
#SometimesYouHaveTo Move On.....
- yea ! & then they quicc to yell that dead beat father or sum but they gotta understand when a nigga thru he #Thru ! str88^
Don't choot'em in the beak!
Miami-Dade County Arts Budget Restored to 100%!!! Congratulations to all!
RIP to #JoeAvezzano Had a great time playing at your club!
Sitting in the convention center waiting for exhibit hall to open. With my mom.
is the craziest dude alive. If you are not following him, you need to re-evaluate your life decisions.
Telling your parents a guy friend is gay.
#ThingsIDoWhenIGetBored #winesolveseverything and ready to hit 500 followers #milestone!
I know exactly how you feel...
Getting Ready for an "Open Business Sample Party"!!! If you are in Colorado and Near Aurora get in on a day of tons of FREE SAMPLES!!!!
Alternative positions lmao..
I need some money
Have a great first day of filming, m'dears!
Yes! Just let me know (: RT : is home ! Yay we need a hang day ! So much catching up to do I missed her
Custodial engineer...well that's a new one!
As usual I just want to stay home and relax. But my 90 students await.
he was wearing a tank top short shorts and moccasins or something
“: President Obama Jokes Around at the WH Correspondents Dinner." Ohh I get it, u meant, he was the joke!
I am amazed at how many US businesses get filthy RICH by creating/exploiting our bad habits - it's bananas!
#FF and #RT If you're liking what you've been seeing, then tell your friends and spread the word!
Hahaha my parents told my brother that he can't go to game stop so he ran outside and is now sitting on my deck by himself being emo lmao
Got a great workout in and swim
I need you're email address. Have a solid lead for you. DM me please.
just as bad as it gets. All those years of thinking the matrix was something that meant something - bollocks!
damn tom brady
he thought. no matter what the season. The pine trees were green and erect all year round. K meditated on the special
Karmas a BITCH!
So I'm officially done with Asencio.
Mk Duaa. Ya lord said He will nt be ther for the ppl until the ppl are there for themselves. 1st steps are key, bt i kno u gt dis.
#DidYouKnow 99% of all personal watercraft sold today are multi-passenger vessels...info via
Over. By a landslide.
Working on a new art style... images coming ...Check out our new site... become a friend on FB and our blog
were can i find them
I do get into March Madness though...,so that's something to look forward to.
seriously?? That girl sucks ass. Like suckabagofdicks ass
thanks bud. Good luck this season.
#iUseToThink Sailor Moon was real. Those characters was hot.
that's what I was thinkin
Design Tip: If a composition is good it only needs one color scheme. If it is great, it is versatile & will work will all color schemes.
can u plez follow me :)
I like to hold hands
Can my knee like... [completely] fall off? I mean, is that possible? lol.
I like cloud based app idea. Mobile to the extreme! Mary - WOW thanks so much for the #shoutout - SO KIND!
Need brainstorming help: which actors have had two movies open the same weekend? Brooklyn Decker is the most recent example.
no problem:)
Close game in Philly. #RigThingsAreComing!!!
gets nice applause.
Watching every moment of the draft until is picked.
Man machines really bring out the worst in people. Dear Anyone over 50, you can reserve stuff before going to the machine.
hahahahaha i didn't even know you guys went to Paso! (thankfully facebook filled me in). #bffs #jealous!
Nice pic from Devils Lake. Are the spring wildflowers blooming in the Baraboo Hills now?
can't wait to see
anyone who likes nerdy webcomics should check these guys out. I haven't seen their whole site yet but their webcomics are epic
I bought a house, and I've been decorating it.- Charlie Hunnam
#SIGNSUASIDECHICK he only takes you out to eat in a different city
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
Oops... Gotsta be more careful. Sorry folks... Continue.
Lauren talking to Kitten(cat)-"Mommy's going to her favorite store!" "where? Publix?"- Lauren=crazy coupon woman. in heels.
1st, The Bobcats shoulda learned from Panthers&named themselves Carolina but is Charlotte tryin 2 lose another NBA team?
It sure didn't hurt any. Hey for your out of town followers which Broncos starter may lose his starting job according to JL?
Sittin here with kane...dyed my hair..it looks cool. But somehow i still got it on myself!
damn. this girls a fat liar.
your not THAT bad haha.
Boy this is lame.
Last night I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Gonna tag #PrayForMammo at the end of all my tweets so it will trend!
yes they sure were!
And now we are on our way to the circus...
John #Davidoff says: "2012 Transformational Leadership Award will go to Nobel Laureate Dr. Muhammad Yunus." He has a mission!
GM still drunk....smh about to start my day....
Thanks for retweeting to fund our idea to Teach Kids with autism & their siblings to swim !
did it every five minute during CC's bid in Tampa...
it's off 212 in clackamas it's so sweet.. When we get all rolln I'll take you out..
We allow you to align with up to 1,200 other professionals within your area all willing to promote YOU to everyone they know at SmartGuy.com
Thanks for the #FF!
Ah, it's the virtual thought that counts!
where u at tonight kid
thats every night ;)
we appreciate your feedback about the parking. We're definitely working on future solutions to accomodate the weekend crowds.
Football is a violent game, and the NFL has always had trouble finding the line between how much violence is too much.
"Bitch I'm MC hammer.. I'm about cream" BOSS! RT : NY STATE OF MIND... LET'S GET CREAM !!!!
well aren't you just so cool.
In retrospect, the most improbable thing about GYMKATA is that it wasn't by Golan-Globus. By all rights, it should have been a Cannon Film.
You know a guy's good when it's news that he gets out MT : #Orioles have retired Josh Hamilton. Wei-Yin Chen strikes him out.
i would be tweeting the same thing about any player I knew who sold out. I say it about Cole Hammel and many others
All i ever wanted was a bitch i could relate with and make money with
and your supposed to be the "tough" one of the group? Did Jon hack your account?
My mom and I were dancing next to the reflecting pool...just like forrest gump!
thanks, have a great weekend.
So beautiful, and dancin away with my heart.
oh, hush your face! && I'll never date again.
First time taking the bus in like 300 years !!
Leonie, you are absolutely heroic.
RT : Return on Learning is way more important than $$. Spending on L&D should be cost of doing business
Baby idk how long I can wait .
I have to a lot of work and I feel lazy !
Last day working at the psych office and the last thing I need to do to get a masters!
Got to see The Hunger Games yesterday...and all I will say is that it will not disappoint!!
Yea. what a shitstorm
As put it about easel.ly: "That number too small? Make the circle larger. no!"
Goodmorning everyone! It's going to be a wonderful day!
awww... we are cute, huh? Aren't you in a movie Hannah? don't be that jerk tweeting during the movie.
I failed bye
What are the three words that ruin a man's ego? Is it in?
love you too!
Why are you not against #MONSANTO ? Why the silence?
your so very welcome, thank you in return!
Home computer is retarded---__---
On the way to an exclusive Gala at Tyler Perry studios to see Obama and Cee-Lo. Not looking forward to the traffic! I am very grateful!
It's like wicked dark down there. You can't see a thing
#Stocks end lower on Europe problems and JPMorgan loss. #Dow drops 126 points. #Nasdaq and S&P lose more than 1%
My TV is mounted on my wall!! Yea-ya!
Just finished a perfect run...solved a client's problem, exercised for the day and I was away from my laptop for an hour!
#RIP my friend. I'll never forget partying with you back in 1985 in #Seattle. #MCA #Adam Yauch #Beastie Boys
and USA loves YOU!!!
yes, yes it is. Today's games have been madness worthy! RT : Wow this B1G Championship game is intense.
Ax looking like a closer against Castro.
Coaching done:) this day has been hectic
"The successful realization of a goal..., always starts... with a dream. Be a dreamer! Dream BIG!"
Irish psychic gypsy pointed at the sky & told me to let go of all the ridiculousness- a grand future is ahead
Yes, despite all the neigh-sayers.
If you feeling the songs by R'Chive please retweet!!!
Workshop with Mitch Altman () now till 3pm and Node "Six F'ing Months" Kegger tonight from 7-10. It's all happening!!
Had a radio interview this morning with Baron Ron Herron at AM 1290 KZSB and discussed Lost Witness, the new released Niki Alexander mystery
depends on your style preference but if you like IPAs start there!
. thank you for the follow
Up...sick :-( its even worse..ugh.! going back to sleep.
hang in there girl! You got this!!! :) it may seem like a lot of work now but it will pay off in the end. Miss you!
Where is that place at?
#Caps may win this game 4-1 if things dont change for #NYR. Getting outplayed right now.
You have a better chance to hit a home run .the more times you go to bat
Love what you do. Believe in your instincts. And you'd better be able to pick yourself up and brush yourself off every day.”
congrats Deb- that is awesome! Topics?
If u cnt handle my worst u ain't gettin my best
Good luck this week w/ SKC!!
what a great night, thanks to all who came and supported! both gigs were a great time.
Voting in the #ALAelection for the first time..
Congratulations! Where will your poems appear?
Yu turned in our book
You definitely did! She's looking at schools over her spring break. Haha.
Waiting in anticipation for this Hoodie and Wax concert today...ready ??
When you've hated someone for so long you forget why you hated them in the first place.
Squeeeee!!! Back. That is awesome. I hope there are many sightings of it at the cons.
needs to be next on your #bucketlist. NYC is one of the most amazing cities in the world!
I've got more frustration than a horny guy outside a convent.
"You better hope your baby is rich because no one's gonna marry that thing based on looks!"
Keep it going :D 1-8 bases loaded NO OUTS!
First a picture with Snoop Dogg and then Bill Hader walks by just to say hello!! Whether I get in or not, I'm having a good night!!
Love our glass show? See more at the as they run the Indiana Glass Arts Alliance 50 Year Celebration Show!
College Football #HOF inductee R.C. Slocum began his coaching career at Lake Charles HS in Louisiana in 1968.
Q. What's the definition of a quarter tone? A. A bagpiper tuning his drones.
Amateur Contest Registration HAS BEGUN! SHOW!
Aren't we overdue for an epic bash at your place???
leatherdactyl? RT Time for a change, twitter name change... any suggestions?
thats why I saw you!
Had a freaky nightmare that involved a clown):
Hybrid in/out sales. Min travel, unless necessary. Lots of independence. Bring ur list & contacts, we'll provide add'l.
lol, come back! you're a native
Overnight thunderstorms: are you a fan?
Why can't women put on mascara with their mouth closed?
cabs are pretty easy too
You have a big game today, right? Good luck! Let us know how it goes. BTW, weather in the Midwest is beautiful right now.
if i was one of the first 100 people at chick fila today, this would been me " give me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries for free! :)
NEW OBSESSION: Jack + Julian beer cocktail at Freakin' deelish. Hard cider + elderflower liquer, what could be better?
#MetGala tweets sans photos are the equivalent to imageless #Craigslist ads- you're killing me, people. Show me the fashion!
Stress plus aggravation plus lies= exhaustion >.<
is going to be at SXSW too! So jealous of all you people having fun without me!!!
The Dallas Cowboys select Morris Claiborne. And the rafters echo with "Cowboys suck." Guess what else sucks, haters? We got him. You didn't.
Volunteers needed to help w/ simple task for TRC from 4 - 7 today sticking stickers on a mailing. Let me know if you can help!
But luckily my roommate got me 10:00 Cause I probably would have missed this one to.
As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams
and You cant Beat "Anything" That's Clinically Proven
White girls always wanna be matching with the people they go to the mall with..
Saturday probably just getting to stadium early. Let me know where you will be though!
Also a 99% chance that person works for Microsoft.
One who gives you less than what he has to give is, one, telling you what he thinks of you, and two, telling you what he thinks of himself.
-TA-Tweeters Anonymous (your tweet inspired me)
& Morning'!!! Have a happy friday!
Ugh I hate feeling like this. I'm so thankful but need to do this for me. Ugh I have a lotta things on my mind #WTF man I need to laugh Help
Whenever you smile, I smile =)
Making a set of decals for a charity event - I'm doing "spy" graphics for a hideout - cool project - good cause...and fun
Jewish Leader Faces Questions Over Sarkozy Column
Willow's back home and resting from getting spayed. Haven't seen her this out of it since we've had her. So far, so good. No licking... yet.
rock on
Nelly marrying Ashanti??? Fa real??? U think its gonna last?
CEO pitches a bright future for Electrolux - Charlotte Observer
Just came back form seeing my nephew! :)
Anthony Bourdain? The cook/tv show host? What's the best episode? I've only seen one.
hi im alexpac5077 sister and
Just learned that will play at Petco in June. I'm beyond excited! No matter who wins I win.
you still doing the package deals found in the #MaditoryBusiness magazine? --
Got a mosquito bite last night. Bet that little guy is hungover today.
Keep an eye on that little #10, he's pretty good.
Loving #idol in Vegas. This show kills
- Welcome AJ! I would like to visit your restaurant sometime! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
thabks for the info!
I really wish I would not have used North Korean fortunate cookies for this dinner party. People are leaving pissed off.
You're still using the same secret word right? :p
How was dinner the other night?
One of our artists will soon be coming through your area.
congrats on your productiveness and your son in the honor society!
Aw, even #Obama has to laugh at his own jokes!
BtoBSocialMedia: 91% of online U.S. adults access social media in a typical month - Experian Simmons
it's 717 W Olympic Blvd. Just call when you get there and we will meet ya outside!
i seen her one time wit u thats why i said hit me
Let us know if you have any questions. Live chat until 4pm ET today. Oh, our email newsletter with a new coupon is set for tomorrow, too!
It's not a real playoff game until the refs are reaching down someone's pants.
I have a humble suggestion: Getting them to make their materials more readable. They're full of jargon and acronyms.
Stayed up late watching your Btv show. Got maybe 5hrs of sleep & now I'm at work kinds tired. I regret nothing! =) lol
congrats, we're about to hit chicago soon. How was traffic?
I'll buy a few months as those of the above
great stay this week...thanks for fitting me in!
so much,,writing with couple different people...your see soon enough(:
WSJ article headlined BUILDING BETTER MEMORIES = realization of "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale" by Philip K. Dick?
#dearyoungself when you see the first red flag.. turn around and walk away.
do you feel accomplished with your life? Making me look up pictures of deers? Harvard I see..
probably just in San Diego. I think no one ever bothered to look there bc it was too obvious :)
yes! 30 was horrible. Rather had cena
The only option is to make it a gourmet mozzarella online cheese shop.
March is National Collision Awareness Month, so remember to keep you eyes on the road and not your phone!
How many times in the past month have you heard someone say "I never watch Hockey, but........."
lol is about the only guy who forreal knows my taste in music. man #shoutout to my dread-head though!! :))
trying to figure out this twitter thing....
the conversation of Jimmy Ray came up on twitter today. Just wanted YOU to know.
Poised Creation is building its network of radio station and music distribution companies!
A2) A dream you feel in inner urging to do & would do for free. A fantasy you pursue ONLY to obtain money or fame.
I could have stayed at my own store for all of this
We will be having a team representing Morsekode at #BowlORama tomorrow, its time for bowling, drinks, and good friends.
Stern claims deal was for the greater good. He cited those who work at the stadiums and the local business. We aren't stupid
Oh and to all those who waited til the last minute....your mom prepared for u for 9 months! Shame on you
hey prince a girl name joyce like your hair ,style & tell roc wat his number .....mine is 12067476849 please (Like his huir)
I'm going to implode!
so we won't have to live without him<3
Yes! She slept over my house twice last week, & omg you'll piss when I tell you this story...I'll text you right now!
God bless America and God bless our troops!
Same SWA flight w/ Feeling 1st class.
I'm the one that sent the would you rather book. Glad to see you two using them in the vlogs!
Good morning all.. TGIF!!!
Thanks for sponsoring #smbmad and to for presenting.
My dad loved the place. Sadly he passed away this past November. They're like family to us there at Eddie Martini's.
u aint gotta lie to be down!!!
Ok so tell me if tamatos are fruit..then y is there a tamato veggie tale THATS LYING TO KIDS
Wow, you're speedy! :)
So, what's the deal with Japan? My oldest is getting reports of Human/Women's rights being repealed there.
is our featured charity for September. Follow them on
my god flipboard is like crack!
Somebody got to do it
Thanks now im dancing at my desk like a weirdo!!SMH
Hey all you can follow The SINGLE CHEF on Facebook. All new show Monday the 24th. 6pm pacific. Peace!
qTweeter is awesome!
The Times We Were Happy Together Are Worth The Times I Cry Alone!
Thanx, love! You don't need anything to do so except YOURSELF and YOUR TOTALITY! INSPIRE YOUR SELF! ;-)
Sometimes I test your trust.
Few things more boring than the last minute of an NBA game. Playoffs no less
posting on twitter
Like really #OKC is a really good team.
love your coverage! Are you hiring? I cover local govt, civic news. Thanks so much!
Listenin to this New B.O.B Album.....Sounds Good *Strange Clouds*
It is not--is there a god party?
Today is the last day of class work for my PhD, and the last day of the last #J202 lab I'll teach.
niggas touring w/ Wayne during the summer,
Ah - got my shapefile loaded - was using System for encoding, needed to be using UTF-8
Though actually, those don't bother me as much as the ones that just don't address me at all. I mean really.
K then. i can do that too.
"it's easy to remember" interpreted by seth macfarlane is pretty romantic, if you're in this mood :) hahaa
I'll need more lessons from before I try anything that advanced.
forget what they say about your dress, u look good, your are amazing at what u do, bless.
I can't make it tonight, unfortunately. Have a great event!
TY for the website Kudos... prompted me to look at yours... We may definitely need to talk in the near future :)
This girl at Jack hooked me up. I think she likes me ;)
Yes I saw that tweet by you earlier. We expected that.
I wish someone would be with me tomorrow at the doctor! :(
Wow the fact that our paths crossed is amazing we were just developing a plan to form a bridge of consciousness!
You don't have to give the other person half your shit that way.
; what's wrong ?
i only creep on rich girls cause i want them to buy me drugs. that makes me cool right?
Have you seen this sweet web-site? www.Nashvillehalloweenguide.com make your Halloween plans in Nashville early
TIME Magazine on why Apple is winning: Innovation, opportunity and execution
me too<3
Rofl - he does too, that's the fun part. But I wouldn't have it any other way! <3
Welearned afterward how it happened
aw dang...oh well I guess I'll save my money
That New Emanuel nd Phillip Hudson Get Yo Kids Funny Az Hell. Them Crazy MF Never Lied Tho!
Mike, is there an audio clip of the interview available?
Reasons I'm still in school: It's the law, friends, and thats about it.
Um Mel? It's about the crazy pills. I really want to put him and Charlie Sheen in a room and roll tape. That's reality TV at its finest.
Offered a role in a film. A lot still has to happen to get this up and running though. Non the less-excited.
I'm looking for a no-sugar-added strawberry jam recipe?? Does such a thing exist?
I love my boyfriend but sometimes he just gets to me in a bad way
Decline of Memphis airport area raises alarms, along with bold proposals for its redevelopment
Back to work after a long weekend (of backbreaking moving).
#RufusKing: Rev. fought to protect money from unlawful taxation, “in the proposed Revolution [in Missouri], money & freedom are at risk.”
...A: d) All of the above
baby you summa time fine. (;
sorry, that should have said 'omg'. C'Mon autocorrect, it's in the OED!
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Virtual machines... It sucks. I know. But those "screenscraper" apps don't really work that well.
definitely not, there keeping everybody connected and interested
I love organic veggies! Wish I had my own garden #countryliving #nice! (:
Doc rivers has the under 2night...dude's killing me
I'm glad my neighbor decides to mow his grass at 10 o'clock at night.
which one did you finish?? I am in need of a new book too....
Should you focus on cutting costs or increasing sales to reach breakeven?
Thank you!
Terry O'Banion - longtime student success agenda morphed into completion agenda with clearer goals, >access to data
“: <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>” does that mean you used too much fire sauce at taco bell?
good luck guys .. be safe and enjoy each moment of your life .. i love you all Team <3 ^_^
Watching environment is everything. Dark quiet room adds a LOT ambiance for the flick. Beware of slow start, however.
Let's see if I can tune into the Beachbody coach call without being interrupted at work.
3rd way I will inspire my burned out kid? Repeat family motto until he believes it: Dream Big, Dream without Barriers and Get it Done!!!
Hell naw, Chandler push Lebron. Locus Lil body ass ran into a brick wall. Tell dude to get his weight up
Terps pulled out the huge W tonight in Bethlehem. Hopkins next in Annapolis Saturday
i missed the original #loldates. bring it back.
I am not smart enough to understand the replace Justin Beiber songs with lemons. Can someone explain?
you'd be drunk already
Nope. You still have the ability to go back into the Kindle Launcher for that stuff.
No kidding. I've read the recap tweets three times. Each time is more enjoyable than the last. Bravo!
Night everyone. Love you. xx A
With our #strategy, #marketing, and #business consulting, your business will benefit from #funds and #conceptvalidation:...
Hell when u got to masturbate then go right ahead..:-) :-) :-) :-)
One night I came home. I figured, let my wife come on. I'll play it cool. Let her make the first move. She went to Florida.
UFC: Gustafsson vs. Silva is on right now live on Fuel TV
your tweets about Mr. Feuzeu are perfect
Ha! They better not!
Please stop reading if you can't pronounce clergyman just don't
Who yep I just might have to get back on the imports
Sorry - got caught up at work and missed the last 70 messages lol. Lannan will rebound. Wang is always hurt.
Love it! Enjoy the quiet time
Definitely! We should meet at one of the bars down here.
Working on a bit of character #animation tonight.
when r u getting into town? I need large amounts of alcohol and several friends to share it with.
Josh Hamilton can kiss my white ass. Single-handedly destrying me in fantasy baseball this week. 9 fucking homeruns?! 'Roid test time I say!
It's not so important who starts the game but who finishes it.
Ugh been sick all week. The only thing worse is being sick all week and working the whole time.
RT : Hardcover books go mobile - check out
George Washington totally should have grown a beard!
work shift
also EVIDENCE of kids ENJOYING play. I do not understand why u seem to be playing the "contrary" character here.
Wow. Thanks Kev.... I know you got my back.. So to speak.
then act like it please!
I dont think any of my followers knows italian or french :/
RT : 15 min til #isedchat -Topic: What changes have you made that are a result of soc media involvement/being connected? 9pmEST
& - I any you awesome ladies a FB add request. Unfortunately from iPhone couldn't add message.
Good morning
Don't know if it'll be a love or anti love crowd at vintage tonight...
Circle podcast from 2008 with and DJ Feva seriously making my Friday amazing right now.
Finger prints are over-rated... (sanded them off I think!)
Yay! See you there. :)
don't cus at me and u only fucked wit me 1 day after that u acted different
Haha you can do it! That patience is key! You can't make em do it hahaha (too bad, right?)
Valentine's day is going to be great this year. #:)
If you can't find it, the data doesn't exist.
I have 4 sound devices in lucid, all working well, actually. (this is the first time without alsa hacking, but nevermind that) :)
Hockey OT, Knicks choke...and MARIANO!!! NO!!! THE CLOSER!!!
today no school i can't on9 24 hours WOOOOHOOO
hmu with the info
Who's in heaven
I can think of a 2 billion more things to spend 2 billion dollars on than the DODGERS!
Actually I've only ever been for drinks & snacks but I hear great things! Their chef's table in the herb garden looks ridic!
How about, MY mother just joined Twitter. She's following & but not me. I'm her kid!
800 Degrees line is absurd :(
Ayyoo #FuckThis Are We Datin ? Are We Fuckin ? Are We Bestfriends ? Are We Sum'n ? In Between That ? I Wish We Neva Fucked And I Mean That !
Still lusting after American painter #WaltonFord's sartorial collab with Maia Normam. Now I hear about Kehnide Wiley and Riccardo Tisci...
Trader Joe's green chile tamales. Amazing.
ppl commenting on DeadWeather-CHILL. If it was that whack, write yr own rev and get a major media outlet to publish it
welcome to twitter land. looks like you got the hang of it. what you been up to? donde te has perdido?
I was cool with going 45mph. I wasn't... I wasn't rushing or anything. Haha
see u at Sonic! #swag. Lol
I got #maydayparade on repeat.
Semantic Arts wishes you a Happy New Year! Stay safe tonight.
Thanks! Glad you found it interesting and thanks for coming out
Anyone using Viddy for iPhone? Like Instagram for video. I like it, but had battery issues. Just curious about you.
That sounds worse!
stop by on the border on the northside! right outside Castleton Square Mall.
After this season, methinks it would be wise of the #Blazers to refrain from putting any player pics on that grain silo.
So Im assuming youre saying its safe to watch the trailer? I need someone I can trust on matters of epic #Superhero movie teasers.
luuv your song 4 letter word :) its a really spaecial song:)
Coming to school fucked up>>>
M ice cream for lunch. The awards we get for making honors even though I made High Honors lol
The language inside my head today? Is not appropriate for the Children's Room.
Yes indeed brotha! RT : Happy St. Patrick's day.
ohh then I doubt I was one of them haha but congrats! x
Just took a shot. :D
i dont tweet in science! LOL
personally offended by the the book that gave me a paper cut, my Kindle would never do something like that to me.
I used to have over 3000 on my ipod but you know ran out of space.
You're wayy too into yourself.
If I weren't so old, I'd marry you-MUAH!
I've been pretty good, actually I take that back I am ready to go back to North Carolina. Lucky ass! I'll be there in 58 days!
thank you so much for listing me. love your site btw.
I hate taking my make up off every night.. just knowing that I'll have to reapply everything just as perfectly in a few hours
Thanks for retweeting
“: “: what's your hourly rate for a screw? #RNCmafia”.”.
hahaha i think the donkey named dominic :3 hahahaha can you please?!
Sang "In Christ Alone" in church 2day. Amazing lyrics. Perfect for Easter Sunday.
It's Sunday Funday at The Tavern!! Come finish your weekend off with a delicious brunch and $12 endless mimosas!! We'll see you here! ;-)
Might want to take a gander at the comments to that story. You need a moderator.
Yes you can say that, but I don't think any Black Americans would identify themselves with Bluegrass in any way. LOL.
Are we there yet?!
Liam never texted me back
CPS FieldConnect Mobile released, on job sites! Cross platform functionality: iOS phone/tablet, Andoid phone/tablet, Windows, Blackberry too
The wind is unbelievable!! My dog is on high alert with all the crazy sounds it's causing!!
Game 7 on Thursday if the Panthers don't win in going to flip out on them...
I spent 20 minutes biking. 384 calories burned.
Check out the Ch10 Great TV Auction's Daily Board for one of our Veh Wrap pkg's. Bid up until 9:30 tonight!
I love that u love food..as if I needed more reasons to adore u!!
I look crazy in all them!
Late night texting XD>>>
Nashville Association of Sales Professionals here I come! We're going to break it down strong today!!
Because I'm force to beat u up now
Now that's AWESOME !!!
'Nothing Inside' has finally been released!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
2 hour workout kicked my ass about to pass out on the floor LITERALLY!
#YouNeedToShutUp if u say everythings gay
#loveyoumore omg!! miss you already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
you may say these nice things to me but intill i see you i wont believe it
you too sista!!
@ the moment; therefore, doing straight videos with editing and stuff would be a bit too much right now.
ah! nice! I was JUST thinking I need to get there for a game!
:) you know it! I have been working on it lol I think I'm getting better lol!
i can never do these extra credit online classes. i get too distracted.
Have you heard our big news? Dr. Francine Feinberg will be retiring after 29 years as Executive Director, effective Aug 31 ow.ly/8EHRR
Just hit you back.
is for the college student. 3.2 million uniques per month
I'm down for sure let's get to it
Tweeting a home birth = TMI.
We leave for Omaha this morning. Kickoff tomorrow is at 5pm Las Vegas time
looking forward to hearing from you! 914-533-0333. Have a wonderful weekend.
black hair, blond underneath, Dick sucking lips dirty street rat lookin bitch that got eyes popping outta her head
Oh i just cant wait to be a king lol i love this movie
Give it time and it will come together
trivia tonight??
“: tweet tweet welcome to twitta” hahaah hush, I had it for a while... Just forgot my username
I really hope you're reading this presser all wrong. You have me ready to off myself.
conference Semis when was with Toronto in 01. I believe he was with the Nets in 03 in the Finals..
I don't really...
--->> “: The harder you work at what you Love the easier it gets.”
crowd over 700 signed up!
Good morning!!! Time to get movin!!!
Lil'Wegi In The Building Looking @ The Compound That Sh** Is Crazy. At The End Of The Day I'm Rich And U Not. Now laugh It Off.......
That was the all-time train dodge! Too cool! Vern, you were so scared you looked like that fat guy, Abbott Costello, when he saw the mummy.
'Payphone' music video is out!
on new yrs eve broo. Idkk.. Someone stole 85 outta my fuckin wallet !
Exausted , but can't sleep what an awesome combination!! shiiz >.<
Literally holding my eyelids up.
I'm not wearing underwear
Me & My Bitch is still a great song. Tho my wife and I are more of an "All I Need" couple
“: #Smoking makes blood more likely to clot & damages blood vessels to brain, which can lead to stroke. #HBPchat”
I was just told good news about #congrats!
Local tv crew suck lazy workers
Legislative Day in Sacramento - fun, exciting, informative. Making moves!
tomrrow i want to take my grandma and my mom to dinner <3
Randy Moss is a niner!
that sounds like a good plan to me .......
if she doesnt ill take whatever u dont want :-) or buy it :-)
Dear Hawaii, Someday you and I will meet.
Weird to think that Wisc has saved over $1B with Act 10 while a stadium that costs almost $1B will be built across the Mississippi River.
I can't wait for the day to read a headline that says women escapes capture by running backwards
when do we try it?
Email from university reminded me many students want Good Friday off. Wasn't planning on it, but Good Friday falls on my birthday.
Thanks to our new followers last week (Part 3):
Too many roads but All Roads Lead to ONE DESTINATION
Hello everyone!
Ain't called a female a bitch in a long time.. I'm proud of myself..
Ppl bashing hell if you don't like BlackBerry take that azz to or or find a new hobby give them time BB10 looks HOT!
awwee please tell me you have a big dog and not a tiny one :(
I no someone already told me and I'm so sorry
Literally RUNNING around my apartment to get this cleaning and packing done in time.
I am SO happy that I now have Flipboard on my Kindle Fire. It's the little things in life...
Amen.": I need to put myself first for once. If you really want to be my friend, meet me half way. I'm done going out of my way."
Are you psyched for tomorrow or what? I'm just about to sit down at the piano and go over things again. Prepping away!
Good morning. Giving God thanks and praise for another day.
What was your #BestMemoryof2011 and what was your #WorstMemoryof2011 ?
haha yeah I just put up one:)
Chillen at the oasis at lake travis.
can't wait to see u in action man!
Q;Hey girl how old r u A;15
PANDA:1. A black and white bear native to China. Eats shoots and leaves.
they will figure something out in the end
Monsters are human!
don't know how you used 'dunno'
same here!
Our computer department bought itself fancy new Bose speakers for one of our machines. Everything sounds SO GOOD now.
6ft tall huh? Well you're like a tall sexy mountain that i want to climb just cause it's there ;) Mount Kilimanjaro
Yes I have a preferred cand in the primary. Does not mean if they don't win the nom that I'm voting for O. Not real hard to understand.
I will get more followers than u.. Any of my followers out there (the very few that I have) pls help me get more. :-)
lol you must hangout with italians
#lifestinks when you got bills to pay.
and i already spent over $100 on merch combined.
I'm still creeped out by how much more closely fiction follows reality than the news
Congratulations! That's an incredible honor to go along with your baseball accomplishments.
yeah, as a general sentiment and in reference to that... its so disorganized in PDX and really just laughable.
I think with the way the planets were created there is no way there aren't aliens, It's just unlikely they can travel here!
What I wouldn't give for 's grilled cheese w/avocado. Also: My tee gets lots of love in D.C.
what a lame snow storm
RT : Beer flight Two Oktoberfests and a New Belgium Hoptober. *yum*
twitter: radio of type
I missed you, Max Payne.
“: Getting some food togo from Du's Grill :) If you've never been here than you're missing out!”
I heard North Shore talking about it saying Extrication was needed. Guess I missed the update while locked on Sheriff
Murphy's of DC is a Grand Irish Pub located in the heart of Woodley Park, just steps from the Woodley Park Metro. -
you've never been to the Blue Mts in Jamaica, have you? I'll be scoping out PR this Christmas, too.
He would be an amazing Chrestomanci! Brilliant. Someone needs to make that movie.
The first 3 people to tweet about us with #shoplocal will get 100 points into their account! You have to be a LocalBonus member first :)
do you want to meet somewhere tomorrow morning so we can trade jerseys??
Key hunting at the Ca d'Zan. Can't wait for Jersey this weekend! Reconstructed a centerpiece this weekend after it collapsed
yea man we mos def have to something together soon, let try to work on soon
lucky :( I got carried away and read them all over the weekend.
Once I did that...everything changed and clarity has a new sparkle!
Good luck in the contest! Did you like our video?
8th Phys Sci students starting Element Quests...know any great sites for info on Elements?
I had that privilege. A mighty man with mighty eye wrinkles.
#np 'Ella elle l'a' Kate Ryan
Counting the minutes.
Bad weather moving in. Don't leave me internet!
Got a withered 6k going to 300 bb on dinner break. Haven't gotten anything going. My boy is CL woth 80k.#tunica$1000
thanks for the response! I'm a huge fan! That would of been cool! Was on vaca do couldn't watch last ep yet!
Out to lunch with the birthday girl <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><U+2764>
hey yo! It'd be nice if you'd answer your phone :)
:o) Thanks Lizzie. You da best!
We're taking over on 7/16, I'll continue my other pursuits too, including my full time job, I just won't sleep much LOL
What can be done about repeat drunk drivers in Wisconsin? Tweet to let us know and see your tweets live on the air
is that Obama? Hahaha
do your tweets ever not make sense to you?
That figures.
Don't miss these awesome companies!
Hey Brotha- It's Josh from HURT. This is my new band Dive Bar Stickup. Hope you're well. Miss your vino...
The longer that I wait the more selfish that I get...
First time I have started homework before 10 . . .
really? Me too! Next time why don't we call each other?
Can't believe I'm going to be missing the Indy 500. devastating.
Cool ": well we can go out to eat"
Good thing we put up our screen windows yesterday so i can open up all the windows and blast my music #summer :)
ughh. i don't think i'm going to make it patty
I'm getting lazy fingers from tweeting ... Anyone else? :)
me too
trial by force doesn't work? LOL “: Q4 MAKE people try new ideas - just kidding! #lrnchat”
Is Fuck City currently signing bands ? ... we are looking for a label to release our new album .. thanks
u would think I live all around Jews and cant find a single one I would actually like lol
DRESS WARM! “: Just arrived in Milwaukee...Team Kuehlbasa is united and ready!!”
Painted a fence so I was Mexican today. Well only half cause I was wearing toms and a&f
Well, Good Morning Bill!! :)
would love to chat more about that sometime and compare prices!
thank you :)
ya! Its a really cool place!
The awkward moment when your boyfriend finds out you have an alien girlfriend haha good times with my bffb <3
Yum! chocolate!
lmao I am at home, I have work at 7. Haha maybe another time.
can't stand a groupie-hoe.
"I don't take [calls] from dead people."
unlock the badge to get 20% off the check in LaGrange! It's free & Fun! mobile deal @ m.kupoz.com/backalleyburger
i'm a trending topic on twitter!
GOOD MORNING. in 3rd period .. have a great day everyone (: -Ritchelle<3
MuseumNext is on my wish list too!
I used to be scared of uncertainty; now I get a high out of it. - Jensen Ackles
Ya Boy performing soon!!! Why are you not here??? Kress baby! Valeries List!
Everything you are is what I need in my life
Every time I attempt to join something online I get stuck at the part where I have to create a username. It's too much pressure.
I love/hate sundays because on one hand I don't get to see any of my friends but on the other hand I don't have to see any of my friends #<3
not in bed attitude: Im tired i wanna sleep!:(( In bed attitude: ahh i dont wanna sleep!!-.- *Gets on Twitter*-.-
Just beware the cpc limit is $1 : Google gives grants for AdWords to 501c3 #nonprofits for up to $15k. Take advantage!
Killed my old ego of mshellsf and have become craftyLib
I should devote more time to Twitter
Most of these Jiu-Jitsu and MMA guys that can really beat the shit out of you are some of the nicest dudes you'll ever meet.
is it real sushi or slime?
#SXSW finds: #Driskill hotel is a classy cowboy space to meet with Industry Professionals.
Peace to all my fam whats good!!!
Conducting marketing research...web designing up next... looking for motivation...life as a black web designer;)
My 16-y-o's building a homemade Moog synth & prepping for a gig at BB King's. My 14-y-o just got nominated for AllStars. :)
i look like '95 again today
don't forget beer and bacon (what could be better?) at tonight!
I could see the Dean's mic
Captain's Mojo ~ Captain Morgan Spiced Rum, Pureed Peaches, Mint, Lime, Soda Water
Live life to the fullest
Oh hey, shirtless man running past my house. How you doin'?
My Love Won't Answer Me :'(
how u doin
Ok, a woman was arrested in philly with 29 dead cats in her freezer.....what is the world coming to?
Yeah Game 2 is Monday
I realized I just ate a yogurt that expired on APRIL 5th..and this is MAY...right?...it tasted fine.. lol
we are trying to become the brain dead zombies we love to watch.
nice to meet you too! :)
I gotta do better...#KickingThemLames out my circle
Go to bed.
Congrats to Alex and Matt W on getting solos in our crazy dance club song! /te
Whoa. Just had my first taste of a cupcake from Crumbs. When next you see me, I will be double my current weight.
until it comes out the other end
I'll take your UK chocolate &raise you microbreweries, coffee, berries, & sunlight :-)
That is the original German pronunciation
I don't know how anyone can get composing done without one. We should go halfsies on one! I really need a housewife.
maybe he should follow no radio policy
awesome workout with today. Thanks to the 4:30 class for being so welcoming!
that's why we love you =)
i wanted to retweet this but i couldn't :/ ughh i feel you on that girl
Creighton: Next Generation #SCORM: based off activity streams, like those used by social media apps
I see the AL East and see #redsox and #yankees at the bottom and can't help wonder if this is the beginning of the guard changing
The Deli Magazine links to bands and voting polls to get traffic for ad space. That's not a contribution to music culture, it's spam.
I worked on A really great experience & eye-opening to see the potential of crowdsourcing.
RT - The Jaguars play the Falcons tonight here in Jacksonville, and you can listen right here on WOKV; will you be at the g...
awesome! My wife is going to love these!
right back at you!
So proud to have you at , !
not at all
OMG i thought it was 12..its 1:40 i have to go to bed
thank you's, and to see all of the new pics of them in the booklet. It was a fun day I'll always remember.
Keep users happy and customers follow; grow your user base and your customer base grows as well.
Yay! Spring break :)
Austin! Whats the fan-mail adress?(:
WE GOT SAVED!!!!
I don't use RSS either, I use Google alerts, flipboard on my iPad or go directly to the site I want info from.
I am being positive only when people mess up my food order I act out. They forgot my avocado and my tortilla. Que Vida tengo! :(
desktop is moving wayy to slow!.
relatively close game. I'm thinking home crowd was the difference maker. See you in the playoffs. :-)
Why the f*** isn't my blacklisted app working???
How could I not?
do you think prices will stay at this level for a few more years?
thank you for #FF friends! ( ) much appreciated :)
Roy Williams left Kansas on probation. LOL
I guess that was sort of the Memento version of the day. Sans Joey Pants. Now... Where's the gin?
The Queen prefers a king sized bed. Off with your head.
@ school my head hurts a lil
Found my phone case
Yup, down on the main floor this time. Enjoy!
My pleasure :)
WHERE IS THIS BUS?? No excuse ! There's no traffic!
i love to hit it backwards call it piglatin
Getting ready for some Steinshouer challenge workout time
Answering emails on a Sunday is much more pleasant in a coffee shop, watching kids, yogis, couples, wander down mt pleasant street.
I can use all ur problems -even huge 1s- 2 train u in trusting Me. Let Me use My creativity 2 weave ur choices- in2 sumthing beautiful. -God
you could write a book with that title
Thanks! RT : Congratulations to and the Boston Pops on their concert in Kentucky! Can't wait [for] Holiday Pops!
Almost as long as you've been doing Wordpress :)
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Whew. Just got back from my uber ride. Seriously one of the best rides ever. Kicking myself I didn't run my #Endomondo!
Damn food stamps save lives y'all
happy birthday!!!
And we love you
belly dancing sexy!!!!!!!!
Zooming through Phoenix on my way to #il2011... Another max-full flight, oh goodie.
this is only one of many pieces of horrifying anti-women news today. scary.
who u rooting for #Game7 #InTime ps movie looks great, can't wait to see it!
Watching the pit crew challenge also on
Today I learned that quite a few people still use the term "teetotaler". Thought that died out with the end of prohibition.
Yeah screw you. I don't even know who the fuck you are anymore. Done
1 DAY LEFT PEOPLE. ONE. FUCKING. DAY. 16 HOURS AND 52 MINUTES. GSAHGSVVHSBJ OH MY GOD
My dad is cray.
but we want you here :c
If you need a vocalist, email me at
Hey Steve take a gamble and send me to Vegas
The second you stop chasing them, is the second they start chasing you.
Excited to try the creations from the chefs Slopes Dining Room at #FlavorsofWestmoreland on Sunday!!
you know its true
We've got plenty! :) RT : Not being sexist but this is a first for me... a female taxi driver.
Ready to fucking go
hey do u by chance know how much the red out t shirts cost
We are here at the Milpitas Farmers Market at the Indian Center serving our #Salmon and
"Lames catch feelings, we catch flights.. locate ya lighters, you should be rolling up by now.. Yeehhh fool" #thestonedimmaculate #Curren$y
Wayfair customers that come to their website from Pinterest have a 70% larger ticket than those from other social sites.
RT : No studs just two bad bitches!
Oh my God & Mr Long is all pissed off & grouchy & I failed the AP Lit test for sure & I have to work tonight.
paul pops into mine!!
that's a great picture dude
Nope, common sense dose not come natural!!
Americans not keen on paying for Medicare reforms - Latest ...
Just added Grammy Award winning, platinum selling producer "ROCK WILDER" to our Nov 29 unsigned artist showcase @ Club Pyramid, NYC!
Can you believe it was more than 20 years ago that the Junkyard Dog and Freebird Michael Hayes met in their historic Superdome match?
That was a fun role to play. And a great show to be in. :-)
So now I'm down to just del.icio.us and Twitter... Of course I'm a bit of a control freak and like my web with some editorial content...
It's a hot ass day
I really hope that Christina treats Justin better today cause I really don't wanna hate her. Im still her fan.
Is it Total Recall time???
Stole My Heart <U+2665>
We don't deserve Nuttin from our Father God but we get it. I don't really like ministering on the stage to much, it's cool but I rather
taking bre to get her hair cut.
SISTER SPIT is at Chicago's Wicker Park Art Center April 14th! One of only two shows with both Dorothy Allison AND Justin Bond!
WTF do i pay A for? I will be on twitter while some douche fixes my flat. Slip him a 20 for dinner and on my way.
Won 3rd place Critics Choice at Souper Bowl today. Sorry about the earlier tweet saying it was tomorrow. SoMe scheduling snafu!
Such a boring Saturday night
Texas hurt, I'll admit it. But the season is long and what are a few pitching problems?
I NEED TO TALK TO U ASAP
WHICH SECTION ARE YOU
chair then fell on my butt >.<
its ok! I screwed up my frat one :/
My big brothers birthday is tomorrow
Relationshit will have lots of fights
Thank you to our latest charity partners: All Families Youth Center, USA Cricket Coaches and Central Florida Cricket Associations
Niners win and Better New Year's. Good Saturday!
Try 's Mirror Pond Pale Ale or Inversion IPA.
oh yeah I forgot.. The lil homie lol I would but I gotta go to work.
Enjoy life, love, freedom, and challenge with passion... Embrace your blessings...and grow with the times...stay relevant to purpose!
Alright heading out for 1st thursday. I could use a drink. Plus lots of good shows going tonight. otsuya@ coumpound, and Luck 1 at Berbatis
these cyphers been weak... so far Busta and Luda the only ones that killed it in my opinion
Who else gets the nails on chalkboard chills when licking an envelope?
Uhg. This is so STUPID. Grown ass women. Wth. This Sarah chick would have her ass beat by now at my bowling party. Jessayin.
Steve Coulter is dancing with my mom. Mother dancer.
he says ones who "follow their rules for high standards"
WHAT IS REAL LOVE
yes but there are so few people here I can stand. Hoping for some geography/twitter overlap :0)
Hey how would you re-style the #NASA astronauts for a pre-launch press conference? cc
I think it's the whole doing it on the field thing.
#FunFactAboutMe : I've never been on a train in my life!!! :P Yup! Crazy huh? Haha (: xx <3
After flying over 10 hours with Delta I'll never cheat on you again
LOLCats actually started in 1905.. (what?).. Ben shares a photo with caption from that era
U RULE THE TV WORLD WITH YOUR SEXINESS :)$
I own her heart, and her mind, and the shirt she slept in.
My Justin poster fell off the wall... And of corse it HAD to be the one on the top of the wall... I have to find something to stand on! :D
Nederlander is a genius. Priscilla Queen of the Desert is fantastic. Never seen so much singing & dancing on stage & in theatre. Great show!
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
I will
I'm playing at Antone's in Austin, TX tomorrow night (Dec.1)! Show is 11p-12a - hope to see ya there!
This video chat is making me so happy right now <3
no you don't.
I wish it would rain and wash away some of this pollen... I'm sick of this crap!!!!
Thank you! It was fun & I'm glad I did it. Happy New Year!
Twitter PLEASE help Justin
Thanks to all the fans for coming out to the Fresh Coast Classic. Congratulations to Bowie State for winning!
All day Incubus on
Although I AM GLAD for the public awareness Jenny has brought I don't fully buy all of her ideas
I'm not scared of many people, but Big Ange from Mob Wives is on the list.
Liver Detox with food: Ginger helps liver enzymes by protecting them
This headache is going ham on me shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Is everyone surviving their Monday?
Ann Arbor Pioneer High School?
Luntz is a worthless, rug wearing slob in a shitty, cheap suit. Total loser, with a face for radio.
. Can't wait. We should go #ziplining afterward.
#nowplaying Bigmouth strikes again - The Smiths
r the Aka's interested in hosting ladies night this year? Same thing as last year. On fri April 13th let me know soon. Thx
Did anyone record
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you. ~ Adlai E. Stevenson
met with Dr.Werner from Lake View High School -- big plans for this school!
That sounds about right!
We are now opening up for the group to ask any questions from our chat tonight.
...I'm a fan of both, by the way. Don't hate.
RT if ur imaginary boyfriend is British, Irish, or 1/8 Belgian =)
Come Fuck my face please
to be shipped to an Iconic Boy :D
Pathetic. got burgled this weekend!?! Apparently more than $3,000 in tools/construction eqpmt was swiped from the rooftop deck.
Happy 93rd Birthday, Madiba! I love you very much.
yoo text me gotta talk to you kiddo :*
If you haven't had the opportunity to check out the new Actor's Intensive website, please visit us @ www.actorsintensive.com
Let's get drunk ^_^
Thank you! I had fun and thought audience was great. ": Great presentation on social media #gaea "
We are sitting in Atlanta, GA waiting for a laod. It's cold and I'm so bored. We need to be moving so we can make some money. Trucking sucks
Birdman? Child porn? Par for the course...
Confident that I wouldn't have made it here today without my friends looking out for me. Thanks #TeamHank!
It's going to be a good serious 4sho. I also think SA may give OKC a battle too.
Gonna go check out some good friends play jazz tonight at the Landshark bar.
i didnt do consumer ed. yolo.
no affiliation. I just find some great stuff on there that often align with my thinking. Glad you are enjoying them.
i need some shoes to fill my feddish
yeah... but that was a rather funny drew scenario!!!
Thanks for the RT! Hope you enjoyed the article!
Sure. I don't have a summer break, but ya, if you come on a weekend that I'm off, sure.
I quit drinking at least once a week smh
you deserve that AND a bonus! :)
I'm still humming along to #newsies. When are we going to do some JCS?
The amount of Draw Something that will take place on the bus tomorrow makes me cringe.
I went skating with matthew today. We skated from reid park to the park placee mall O: it was pretty far.Then i bought some new Vans (:
"Yes we can! (continue to give Republicans exactly what they want despite controlling the Presidency, House, and Senate.)"
THANKS DUDE
Thanks for the shout out!!! Keep me informed!!!
Best birthday yet!! I'm so grateful to be blessed with so many people who truly care for me, thank you everyone for all the love!
The entire site is tea photos! No offense taken....definitely a visual link!
or clothes swap?
Had my wardrobe fitting for my first lead in a SAG commercial! Complete w/ a pretend husband & two cute kiddos. It's gonna be a fun shoot!
Happy Holidays from PRO-ED!
What dosent kill you makes you stronger <3
That's good of Ron to recommend me! I feel honored! :-)
Hey nate!:)
thank you !
The guy taking train tickets is singing out the names of destinations as he punches them. Everyone's a performer in NYC!
I didn't ask too come and goodie bag is
U let him ruin ur mascara, dont let him ruin ur life too
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." #life#
Nope.Keenum, Moore, Wilson and James are all that's left to be drafted this year.
WON I
I sure did!! She has a beautiful voice! What school did u go to??
Anyone else having trouble with #pandora at the moment? I can't get get any music :-(
my obsession with Swedish apartments is giving me unrealistic expectations. I'll probably end up living in someone's moldy basement
We love our team!! Keep up the good work!
i don't think he can do it.
I dnt wanna stay by myself
My mind is everywhere thinking about new job opportunities & actually starting to apply for graphic designer positions where my heart is!!!
have fun!!!
who is RT
I really want to support with a pro membership, but I won't until I figure out how to switch from scout to prospect!
wow! Never thought of it like that before :) thank you! hope you are having an amazing day!
Married life...doesn't feel any different than shacking up because its cheaper life. I think I wasted money on a dress.
But clearly, not together.
Thanks for the response. The other WF's in SF also carry it.
#Pineapples .. I don't like it. #KevinHart lol.
three cheers!
haha you would take a picture of that!! ;P
I have to say... Teri Garr is absolutely gorgeous in Young Frankenstein.
OH: CONSENSUAL CHAMPAGNE SPRAYS ONLY!
We will be having yummy cocktails (all you can drink! Eek!) paired with your favorite services.
It's a great day for a bike along the beach and a 4 mile run....
I pray my future kid doesnt inherit my temper...hope they get my sense of humor tho
check it out! im bored as fuck!
The female reader's voice is very soft and sometimes hard to make out. People seem to either love or hate the book.
"she just a friend" girlfriend:"does she know that?"
1. not really a program - but for us it is head of AS and for youth assistant head of YS - the intern will work with whoever
Work, then Film Festival!
I determine if something is cool by social connect...if none of your friends/connections are found...then it's bad ass
Fuck off, legends like Dustin Hoffman don't make shows for ratings !
Thnx so much babe!!! #Mash or DIE!!!! RT bigg UP's to you ma keep
yay!! We're twitter friends!!
Just watched #iLostMyMind again with my little girl....ridiculous how happy it makes me....
I guess those people will NOT be downloading the iPhone app!
We shall.
Trying to find something thats different...
Yep, 22 years, retiring in Jan. I was going to set up my staging biz down there...now in KY..I might talk him back to NC :)
Music class
That is what happens we you get caught in katy! #HPD know candid cam RT : It's over and nothing violent happend.
You're the one who makes me smile.
when you retweet#adamschefter its usually customary to say so with more than quotes.
I feel your pain, I do love a good burger. Everything in moderation though, right?
Of course. Only liberals and Jews celebrate godless holidays like Thanksgiving and New Year's Day.
r u on tour?
The Broncos! :)
In South Iraq
I like to lead in with the comedy and then hit them over the head with a drama
Catch our CM out tonight for Music Exhibition w/ !
#MyBiggestFlaw, I'm insecure with my girl communicating with guys, because i"m a guy and i know how they are. I trust her, Just not them
When liberals hang out together it's just sex, sex, sex, America sucks, sex, sex, Obama's so great, sex, we hate Jesus, sex sex...
saw at the all schools graduation at Howard!
pretty cool. Wish my office were like that
Bronx is up there as best pizza spot in #sandiego. knows her pizza! enjoy.
kony posters ready ppl bring tape
thanks! Yes, I'd lie if I say it was hard..LOL! The wall decals are so easy and so much fun! contd...
Thank you for listing us!
Hey ladies
ALAN... it is recession and the only trip I can afford to is to my #motherland after saving for a while.
As if job interviews weren't stressful enough, Sotomayer gets to answer the potpourri of questions with all of America watching - good luck!
Lmfao watching Total Black Out. Friggin hilarious!!!
is looking for experienced #Unix #Systems #Engineers for an exciting company in #Seattle. Strong #networking skills essential.
does #Nikon 's languid production strategies and 5-steps behind #Canon render it obsolete in today's ever changing digital landscape?
It's bum not bumb. C'MON MAN!
Watching Immortals with & Matt...this is crazy
Going grocery shopping while hungry
Tornado warnings the night before last and 70+ temps today.....spring is here in KC!
Finishing the final sound mix before making the final master dub. www.petrginz.com
Terriers finale last night was awesome! Missed it? Hulu!
.. Thats right.. But trust me this is worth it;) Watch away...
Movies and out to eat today mite hit the club up !
So Fucking tired!
creativity is not just for insomniacs. people who get to bed at grandma hour can write clever stuff too.
It's on the wiki.
“: I honestly dont go for looks, at all, whatsoever. Theyre just a bonus.” RTRT
yeah yu always say that
I feel special!
I'm on page 24. Trying to keep pace. Where are you?
Women expect flowers. What do men expect?... Love Barbara #Streisand "You Don't Bring Me Flowers"
sophia , ur gonna make me cry , im not playing :"""""""(
Puppy dropped off at grandmas and ready for the weekend !ACL ACL
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!27
We are brokering 'MovingCompany.com Interested? It is a great #SEO name! Call me 954-861-3532
RT - #adtech - Coke's Wendy Clark: Nobody is waking up looking for your content: You must be a great storyteller
Glad Joe Pa is gone, but do those guys really need more time on their hands?
#first40songsonshuffle 2. Don't Stop Til You Get Enough - Michael Jackson
Breastlink Medical Group to Offer iCAD’s Xoft Radiation Therapy System to Breast Cancer Patients
Infield in for the pirates...
I'm at beat the bookstore! They're great.
Power outage in Franklin Park.
Everytime I've blown my nose today it's been bloody.... Should i be worried?
In the span of 2 mins, I went from having no opinion on "I'll Gave Another" to wanting nothing more than two more victories.
If a man haz a problem with hiz lady lukin at hiz cell,text msg, etc, dat bastard iz hiding something now or planz to later
please tweet me and my friend (:
Elijah Johnson has the ratchet
Met some wonderful new Customers in Greenwood today...really enjoyed speaking with Bill and Jane...please come back soon
lol i miss you!!!!
Emphasis is placed on the lower extremities in Podiatric college. There are also DO (Dr of Osteopathy) schools for manipulation
Now she's a woman I could have gotten behind as a presidential candidate. Too bad she couldn't run.
Thanks! RT : Happy
Twitter poll: is it true (guys), the more you work out, the more your wee wee shrinks??
this game
Hi thanks for the follow!
Ok Portland Actors Jack has asked where the local actor hotspots are? Can you point him in a few good directions,)
you take that photo we love that our friend is a rockstar!
Thanks for the tweets!
what is you location? Lol
Create your customer service strategy, and make sure that everyone knows what their role is.
If you breathe on Lebron you might get ejected. Give him credit for taking advantage of it haha.
Thanks to all the meat aficionados who explained to me what mutton was. Now I know that sheep not only is for wool, but is yummy too.
Sharing a drink with fans/ followers is more important than ever. Whether that beverage be tea or
Justin & Selena broke up ... I'm not to mad to let my girl go then ...
I just want to say it was great watching you this season! Good luck at the next level! On Wisconsin
Inner Harbor artificial wetlands project aims to draw more crabs
"when you go hard you nays become ya's" Nicki Minaj
fun meeting up on friday. great show, but was waiting for 'born in the usa' or stuff from nebraska.
haha never heard that one! But yess ill be down for anything half price!!
Immortal was of da chain just see the whole movie on my I-phone
Cmon Stink Nuggets beat the Laker bitches
lol RT : We don't need no stinkin' outfits! RT : Outfits? You have outfits??? :)
Everyone enjoy whatever you're doing today.
well...u could tie yourself to a tree or put concrete in your shoes!
RT : get money mane whats so hard about that logic? why u speaking on other people? JUST DO YOU
Went looking at current movies playing, embarrassed to admit I had heard of almost none of them. :(
If she doesn't realize what she lost within a short amount of time and lies behind your back like a KID.
After the love is gone, what used to be right is wrong.
each of those a mental model? what would be an example one?
you're making me all emotional.
ah damn. Well I'll see you in July sir
I'm comin' to visit you after work!
yes! We were there for Scrapplefest this year. My great grandfather was from #Philly, it is where our recipe has its origin.
' this kid told me I had a flat ass >_<
Well that was more exciting than Jones-Evans: #Chicago scores the OT game winner. Good night.
Pro tip from : Take time for Spring Cleaning for your Facebook page
When your all pumped out over there, come relax over here. 1 block N. of the convention center on Washington St.
S/O to all the brown homies. Happy Cinco De Mayo
that awkward moment when your iPod shuffles to "christmas auld lang syne" sung by marc anthony in the middle of March...
You're cute (;
Extra añejo - Minimum of 3 years in the small oak casks
Come visit me and ! We miss you :]
omg me to.... I LOVE Craig's voice <3
“: Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.” figured you would like this one.
Whoa ?! Well done Brew Crew. Here comes the NLCS
RT : has THE HOOK UP, GENTE! Throwing down Now till 9pm, check the spectacle that is EL BARRIO! Starting w/Celebrity...
Scrambled eggs with out ketchup just doesn't taste right :/
burned 300 calories doing 52 minutes of cardio exercises, including "Walking, 4.5 mph, very, very brisk pace"
I'm an educated fool wit money on my mind
Just hop of da shower fresh
Had a great edu session in Saddlebrook tues followed by clubhouse refreshments In Oro valley Wed caregiver train basics & Pizzahut 14 of us
whats up guys
Freezing my ass off.
"We've got #Spirit, Yes We Do" #FALSE! Their song is: "We've Got "Baggage" Yes We Do" #GOFIGHTWIN? wierd #marketing plan.
I give up-how? My desk under office window faces a golf course, bloomed magnolia tree & blue sky!
1 dead. 4 injured when a 16 year old opened fire that town is so small you never would think that would happen
Irving.....not a prototypical PG....but played for coach K....who stressed fundamentals.didn't have too many shoot first type PG
Blue tips!!
Is it bad that I think my bed is more comfortable at school than it is at home?
3 of 5 largest US health plans and over 45 Million subscribers use for cloud identity mgmt - find out why at #RSAC Booth 2751
Should've tweeted, Jamie Moyer's infield single scored 2 at Coors Field.
wait till saturday lol
Follow and RT to #win : I need a care package from because everybody around me is sick!
Ouch ! E-mail subj: "looks like you need a friend…" (All my friends already use , so I'm not spamming them, thanks.)
A lovely art filled day!
Good morning
Wrapping Presents.
this is what happens when people dont knowck before coming in and then getting in a huge fight 10 mins. later.
Today is the start of our Spring In Water Boat Show at "Dog Days" here at Lake of the Ozarks. Looking forward to great sales out of it!
Dude. Bring me Starbucks if you're gonna be going! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
you still stay in da same spot
Sacha Baron Cohen is about to become this generation's Adam Sandler. It was funny the first few times but now it's just sad.
mission:MCFLY // to the rescue!
you already know
Long week of school shows, voiceovers, auditions, and other business. Time for a friday afternoon nap. Sing me a lullaby? -T
We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look
omg do you think i caree?!
Heading to SF for the long weekend on Friday. Looking for some new recommendations on restaurants or bars to hit up. Anyone have any?
Amazing how many dunks, lay-ups #ohio has missed ... And still only down ONE!
“: you shouldn't. Lord loves a drinkin man”
enjoyed your tunes Monday night, boy
Indeed, that seems to be the case. I often see one escalator barricaded and dismantled for service more often than not.
Can't sleep :O
Thanks - it was!
These guys clearly aren't that bright; text back that you're an exiled Nigerian prince, and need their bank info.
was Marry Me the last song at Bimbo's last night???????????
were unstoppable today 7-0 who's got it tommorrow!?!?
Havent we all. I wake up in my bed like how did I get here ? hahaha. whats up anyway ?
test it up do tired cent even spell #Tearitup lol..
I have no doubt. You're the wind beneath my wings..
911 tapes reveal dispatchers frustration as they try to track down snakebitten east county toddler... On NBC 7 at 11.
If the #orioles rotation were a crabcake, Tillman and Bergeson would be the mayonnaise and bread crumb filler.
Still trying to figure out why the GM of the Oakland A's is speaking at a tech conference.
Congratulations to alumna Natasha Cuervo who recently became the Museum Registrar for Exhibitions & Loans at the Lowe Art Museum in Florida.
you judging me..its alright though..jus remember whos judging you #karma bitch
PLZ RT SEXY LADIES SIGN UP 2 WIN 50K IN THE UPCOMING REALITY SHOW "THE NAKED TRUTH" FELLAS JOIN SO U CAN VOTE! WWW.THEEROTICCHALLENGE.COM
How come u want me to be friends with her
How long are you up there for?? We are headed to Vancouver on Monday!
Retailers will be wise to recognize the teen trend in habitual data consumption via mobile phones and the bonanza it represents
fer real I blow loud ER Day!
Highlight of my day. 40 year old man walking around acting like a cat
I be forgetting I gotta car now
Your white, upper middle class, and can rap? Wow you must be one of a kind.
#orioles now 13-3 when Kevin Gregg doesn't pitch, 0-5 when he does. What comes first, a Johnson hit or Gregg pitching in a win?
I can't believe there's nothing in there about how to know if you're being followed when driving!
Great to see you guys here too. Love the B2B wholesale
the serpent feeds on the ashes of the earth.
I love nerds (both kinds)
Wow. Pac Man got a raw deal. Irresponsible journalism. That writer's career should be put to death.
If this were like 2 years from now, I feel like this would be completely different.
Me and hit up white castle at 1:30 haha we to hungry!!!(:
ha! yea, you guys don't see each other enough :)
I tend to be peculiarly defensive about it. eg more apt parallels between the Irvine co and Sime Darby than KL and rust belt Midwest.
Think this guy has played w/Brian Lynch
An a.m. meal made up mostly of carbs and protein with some fat keeps blood-sugar levels steady all day.
Guys who beat on women and brag about it literally make me sick.
Okay, so and got the #referencesnoneofyouwillget!
I'm not living liiiiiiiiiiiiffeee !!!!
Utah shows Orlando how to exactly deal w/ a disgruntled star, get value for him, & make the team close to competitive. Very impressive.
Overheard at Dupont farmers market: "well pork really is Bev's passion so, you know."
People are still arriving. Waiting for POTUS & FLOTUS.
Fixed the website's can't login/register issue. If you still encounter any problem please report to
Well my bracket is completely screwed this year
OH : Associate editor: "I'm just now looking at the nudity email you sent me. Thank you."
The competition has begun! Thanks , you're the 1st to enter for a chance to win FREE admission to our Saturday opening at 6:00!
bout to smash then go to the strip club *takes double shot 1800 and lime* fist pumps
“: In NYC on the way to the fights bumping JAY -Z !!!” bout to head over there too. Bumpin reggae tunes though.
Dee, happy to have you in Chicago!!!!!
humanities & soc sci researchers like to lay out print books around the computer, but want ebook at some point
So going to celebrate downtown!!
I can't even chuckle at the account.
"L.A. has the perfect climate for harvesting honey, especially orange blossom honey."says Joe Bastianich... read more in Thanksgiving Issue
I just called and asked if you'd follow me on Twitter! You said yeah :p
Personally, I was hoping to hear from Kat on this topic. She has #Mizzou J-School degree, works for FB team.
dude. I KNOW. What's up with that?!?! :D
One reason I live in #Chicago. 1200 lunch options
Thanks for the retweet!
anything new? :D
"The LORD your God proves you, to know whether you love the LORD your God with all your heart and with all your soul."~Deuteronomy 13:3
Margarita Kate has my crying right now hahah
Fire alarm at in El Paso didn't go off on top floor where our conference is on. Good as dead.
I really like the silk screen tool shown by Joshua Jeffry.
On my way to see "We Need to Talk About Kevin." Been wanting to see this since I heard about it. Congrats
Learn from the past live in the moment and look forward to your future
:Hello!Take Care Everyday :)
Don't tell me you love me and then don't show me no love.
You're doing the indoor tri this weekend, too, ? Yay! See you soon.
turned out better than I thought even if I overslept a whole hour. I also wish you the best
If you call yourself my Friend Don't phony kick it with hoes u just was talkin about. -_-
On the southside right now
yooo have you got a chance to check out the book yet? The hard cover looks great with u spread out across it x
Is Tiger 'bout to win today?!
Man aint going to lie to you. Tyler has nothing for me. Nothing is here.
AWESOME NEWS, Tweeps! Our new crop of shirts arrive tomorrow afternoon, including new OU Sucks, #NoFilter, and Adios, Mofo's!!
u can't go in to someone's house & disrespect them. Get ur guy & show respect to the home owners. I respect what u do.
spent great time with this morning. Love being in the desert with him. Can't wait to watch what God may do through his heart!
Win is a win is a win baby!! Sixers!!!
please follow me back
Personally, I was there to see the O's win. Would you applaud Tom Brady if he had a 5 touchdown game against the Ravens?
Have you had one that early!? Yikes. The three week series of 8 am tests wore me down, but one 6:30 would also surely do it.
if a fucking bug bites me again im gonna freak
Are you taking notes? Streetsblog would pay for a full report of his talk...
I Wonder Wat My Mommy Want
Hey Adam tell me next time when you do a Mario Kart Wii Challenge I need to buy MKW back and can I do it next time?
There are boy flamingos.
Actually, I am leaning that way. Love that boat, and my Wife isn't comfortable with me flying either :/ I can respect that...
I don't want to be a rapper anymore. I quit.
we know it's true love cuz he bought me a bowl...lmao
Watching Abduction kind of liking it.
TO SOME U SEEM FICKLE AND UNDEPENDABLE,
currently using 3 sets with 6-8 rep max... most importantly, make sure your diet is on point whether you're cutting or bulking
Think I need a bunch of those!! My horns....well.......
life is so confusing... i really need a break.
I want a cinnamon sugar pretzel, some ice cream and cookies. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
Try targeted bursts of exercise when your schedule is jam packed. Three 20 minute workout sessions during the day will add up to an hour!
It's a good thing they won but my sister could beat the French lol
Redneck word of the day: FASCINATE - My shirt has nine buttons on it, but I can only FASCINATE.
Dear Seattle: This #Lakers beat down is why you purchase your team a new arena when they ask for one. Our gain. Signed, Clay Bennett
damn ur to cute
Revision is one of the exquisite pleasures of writing.
Nope, it makes you an even better one.
Red velvet kush!! O yea
RT : Three Fantasy College Football Drafts are in the books, just one to go.
lol Jennifer Lawrence is dope
This Android touchscreen keyboard is such a piece of shit that by itself it might convince me that switching was a terrible mistake.
Is headed to JFK, ready for an inflight movie and a cocktail :-)
JR, sorry so late to get back to you. It's kind of late in the process, so I'd be shocked if they added somebody new for 2012.
Thanks Chris! I've used Thesis exclusively for over two years and wouldn't have been possible without it!
: Jezza's handle:
will there be an official music video!?!
“: Total student-loan debt is over $1 trillion, roughly 16% higher than earlier estimate...” Yeah. Two-thirds of that is mine.
Closed up for today, back tonight to feed your drunken hunger 11pm-3am!
Living the dream!
My problems are as light as a feather.
Happy birthday to my pal Rev Peyton. If you haven't seen a show before, it makes Cirque look like Toddlers & Tiaras.
"so much of America needs to be rebuilt"
Sounds good! Good luck!
Human Communications: Love
Do as I say, not do as I do...signed, Google rules committee. Geez...
: and sometimes I can't keep up with my own darn self. My bookshelves are full, my i*pad is full, and yet, . . .
#whyigive Not surprisingly to this group, #Broward County Fnd research: #donors give to make a difference--tax write-offs not the driver.
Ugh....pat ron, chx wings, pizza and chx burger? Extra miles running.
we should petition for call-ahead orders at Publix. Drive up, get handed your bag, give them your card, and done!
anyone watching this "crotch" commercial? X"D
RIP Leslie Cochran - Please Keep Austin Weird in Heaven #lesliecochran #keepaustinweird I'll miss you...
thats the mission they are in, they are in monrovia liberia - I think it's the mission home
Mark your calendar for these events next week: "Ordinary Heroes" - photos by Tom Casalini; exhibit opening; Fri, Nov 4, 5-8 pm
Thank you! so cool to share it!
is on right now talking about the MY Milwaukee County Initiative- are you listening?
let's get this W.stop with the unnecessary turnovers.we need Tebow for the fourth quarter
the jcrew thing always happens to me!
Tell Yo Mom i Said HBD..!
I've realized that I am one stubborn kid hahaha
You are data citation-ed out, but missed you at #Datacite. Plus that Mollie Stone is so very close to my hood...
off to bed; Had a amazing time doing the runway show! More opportunities to come (;<3
Bein good is good that'll get you drew gooden. But me I want jordan numbers lebron footin, can't guard vince lombardi john wooden...
Employers, let us help you find qualified and hard-working employees!
Moneyball love Brad Pitt <U+2665>
cool haha I'm listening to one direction (:
I don't want my Pres. to bungle important issues under pressure. Or, a Pres. who feels that I am somehow less than human
Is officially in ravenclaw. Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure
Stayed in last night and wasn't that bad haha anyways good morning twitter :)
That track meet was something else
meter sticks
I love it too! Although when I see African wear like that in stores, in like, "I could have that made in Ghana for 15 bucks"
Don't get pissed off when your neighbor has loud music on at 2 am. Call him up at 4 am and tell him how much you loved it
I could b down with more 6 minute plus songs if they were half as good as Neil youngs buffalo Springfield 'broken arrow'.
"When we disparage the digital environment as "overwhelming," what we're also faulting it for is its lack of a narrative." -Megan Garber
yeah that sounds good
Oberon Theatre opens Othello dir. by Cara Reichel tonight! I'm very excited to see this show. Cara makes amazing things happen on stage.
I'm sitting next to 's mom right now.. & she's not here..
Gearing up for the Mid-Michigan Addys tonight! See you at the at 6p!
que cute
HAWAII BABY ;D
Sorry I missed you at TEDMED. I've enjoyed your tweets!
Good luck with the search! Sadly, Boston feels a bit more like Seattle this week.
thanks for the follow Casie
Dishwashers & washing machines shd be full, and always use the most efficient water and energy settings
Bless you Mom. You, and Dad, are saints. May you only ever know peace, love and joy!
There is a woman at my work who looks like #robinwilliams as
R/T Music enhances life
Congrats to my friend and YPO-er Bill Grana on the sale of PureSafety to Underwriters Laboratories
#GOA2012 At 3 pm in the Expo Theatre: Profitable Printing with UV & Metallic Ink, booth 1063
What's the PD? I'm Irish? Kenyans like Africa?
Even though the Panthers lost, they had a hell of a season and I'm not sad that they lost, they played their hearts out, I support them 100%
IMing with on #Facebook !
yep, i guess my adult life is beginning, no more parents ;)
Tomorrow is the beginning of the end! I'm so happy!
hell yea! we got today in fla and board the boat tomorrow and yes we got the beats. They are hard bro, good look we will useem
Hey today is national kiss day. We can have a reason to make out with people hehe :)
m so jealous! Love the smell of garlic anything! #kissmeImItaliantoo!
Let us approach the throne of grace with confidence, so that we may receive mercy and find grace to help us in our time of need. -Heb. 4:16
That is the subwoofer.
Roc Royal & Prodigy
Time to replace the idea of web standards with the "open web" -
56% off Meglio's Pizzeria on www.crowdclick.com
#BecauseOfFacebook I fail exams...
Show love and kindness. Better world :)
2 more days till my awesome parents get to Dallas! :) busy weekend ahead, then back to Abq!
haven't seen u since the game u been mia
Sitting next to a woman who asked 4 my occupation & I told her. So, I asked what was hers. In her own words: "I'm a ho!" Me: *crickets*
": I also love how the rich got richer for the Giants and Patriots, last seasons 2 super bowl teams" And the Pack, scary.
"I would rape his face....so many times." >>>>me dying laughing
does love me alright ^.^ ( in my dreams )
that's y we love her “: Taylor Swift + Glitter + Drugs - Dignity = Ke$ha.”
Come to watch the Steelers vs Bengals and have yourself a delicious meal!
We will! Aww, now I'm excited! Haha
Why must the iPhone 4s be soo slow with sprint :/
One girl is keeping me up
beats with a modified Liontamer.
"You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus."
Is this analysis written up somewhere?
Really in 2012 someone doesn't know how to use PowerPoint.
Guess I'll be at Liv later
We're pulling for our Brewers and grittin our teeth through a tough stretch
don't we all? Haha ;)
True Blood time!
i love new friends.
Thank you for passing that along!
One day I'll figure out the mystery that is Sperry shoelaces. One day.
ugh tumblr. why you no working?!
santino is so funny hes one of the few wrestlers that I get a kick out of
Too hungry right now and this group is boring & idk what it is but why are they all whisper talking
i need me a chick that stay out here in memphis
Hey Alysha, I thought I was on my page and not Corey's! LOL! I'll retweet you
gotta do what i gotta do.
Dreamt I got my hands on the sixth Game of Thrones book. More of my favorite characters died. :-(
i can't even think im worrying bout this lottery i need that $600 million i might cry if dont win i mean im gonna cry if i dont win lol
I hope my little sister is having a good birthday so far, c:
Tweet button aww yeah!
Up all night.....Made some beats last night......Straight Fire......B.A.M Sqaud all day "get wit or keep it pushin"
When did he stop being the man? RT : He's still the man! Taking care of the little guys! ;)
Today's Quote: Many marriageswould be better if the husband and wife clearly understood that they're on the same side. by: Zig Ziglar
Currently listening to spit on "Beautiful Morning." It's a beautiful morning here in NC! Wish y'all could be here to see it!!
The animals of the planet are in desperate peril... Without free animal life I believe we will lose the spiritual equivalent of
Late April Fools joke??
I wish #Lebanon had a Yelp equivalent and more places with tips on foursquare
when someone tells me they can't find a job, I usually assume they're just a lazy shit head. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
I need #MIZZOU to dig down and pull away...this game is killing me
Thanks for coming!
We are so sorry for your loss. Thanks for letting us share Louis life. He will be remembered.
In my city, community centers and some gyms do. Taichi beginners good, too. Even ag extension offers beginners.
: main pt=when katehi wants to distance self frm events or side-step resp, she flips into PV; uses AV to sound like a leader
Not the biggest Kanye fan, but he got a couple of songs I like that I normally wouldn't like. The Glory, Stronger, Never Let U Down.
I I found you Keyaniaa! (: <3
Thanks for the follows Have a rockin' week!
These bitches washed up
Thanks for the update!
hahha I knooooww and my school starts august 29th
lol silly Do you watch private practice?
Jenny Coluccio and the team stopped out to the Ho today for National Golf Day! Thanks for the sweet Coo shirt!
This is more than a crush, More than a like like, More than a love baby im going to make you mine and im ain't giving up(: <3 I love you E.S
DIRTY! GO MAVS!
Whipped up a new hat last night for fall/winter 2012 - I think you'll like it!
right, because he did itt on his own, had he refused he surely would have been fired too
And to you too! <3
I run into people all the time who are talking about the Life Essentials Study Bible. The guy who worked on that is a Moody grad.
”Our intention creates our reality.” --Wayne Dyer
Finally Christmas eve
EDC Vegas 2011 bound with the guys!! it's gonna be of the hook!!! <U+E409><U+E409><U+E409><U+E409><U+E409><U+E409>
My son has his own i*pad but has taken over mine.
we r driving the #strugglebus today
u moving again?
I don't want you to die, 'cause that'd be sad. I just want you to stop existing.
MY ONLY ENEMY IS ME!
Uh idk ha, till it gets better I guess. Its only my right eye, sucks.
RT : Looking forward to #tasteofoakland tomorrow!
Outstanding. Tell them to send over an e-mail at during the games and we will give them a shoutout
BASKETBALL BABY!!!!!
noticed Photorealism was listed twice so we added Color Field. Prefer Nouveau or Contemp? Op Art's on there.
Driving the teachers insane 'till they quit in 7th grade
Together We Cope's goal: holiday happiness for all - SouthtownStar
It's true but I deleted my earlier message since it doesn't appear to be public knowledge.
[+] (3) sabbatical-style loans of employees from big firms (Qualcomm;Intuit;etc) (4) appropriate use of contractors.
Looking forward to working with students tomorrow at the Catch is at the table. Register, Its not too late!
Good. A smooth 45mins - 1hr is perfect... And did you just try to slide me tho ??
Don't really understand the Pierce pick for the #Ravens when we have Anthony Allen to step in for
#ngce There are a lot of big companies presenting here. I hope someone comes to my session at 3:15. I may be small but I'm smart :)
I'm on vacation!!!
Running a little late on dinner? Good thing our South Miami location has an oh-so-convenient drive-thru!
« #Bears LB will be presented with the Ed Block Courage award, as voted by his teammates, tomorrow. Congrats.»
What does the "American Dream" mean to you? How has your past shaped your view of it today? How does music embody that dream?
I can tell. This is pretty angsty! Also, I tried to but spelled String Bean and Alex, which sounds like a bad twee band
did you know Dan Seals did Addicted back in 1991? I was 9, but totally remember it. Glad is bringing it back!
ughh I've been trying to go to hurricane harbor all summer no one will go w me
27th yr as a Packer fan and it's still awesome! Can't wait to see you out there in green and gold. Go pack go!
Party coffee.
I will have nothing to watch after #PrettyLittleLiars goes off. ):
My mom ordered fried rice for me and went to McDonald's and got me a cookie. She is perf x
congrats bro! sorry I could not be there!
I miss
went as a guest to a Reno organization meeting. The reps couldn't close the deal.
Haley Reinhart Says 'American Idol' Judges 'Just Wanted To Push My Buttons'
Hell yeah it's pretty good. Deflates every naysayers sails!
Sorry for your loss. Always tough to lose a pet. At least she's not suffering anymore.
I'm actually free this week so I'm down if you guys are
I love yoh so much but ur heart belongs to someone else
#its annoying when people retweet their own tweets, everyday...
Goodnight hopefully I wake up to my #300 follower but I doubt it :c
Im not jealous no im not I just want everything shes got you look at her so amazed I remember way back when you used to look at me that way
when will you be home next?
thank you:)
Its not what u know its who u know to get a job. Its what u know that lets u keep it. Substance is important
well, you just wait. I will call your bluff.
so jealous! Love Dana Point, friends there. Enjoy every bit of it!
I know it sucks
Just realized I still haven't gotten my April issue of
Thank you!
whats the hell
Oh ok fuck you. You won't be seeing me in the next few weeks
Party for two. What's your favorite date restaurant?
Fingers numbering nine.
When alcohol starts tasting smooth >>>>>
rude people are the cutest ~ sike you ll get socked in the head -.-
bummer man.
Good Morning World
` bout to cook & clean up so on comes
": Happy Birthday xoxo <<<<< Smooches {both cheeks} :*"<--Thanks girlie! Smooch!
Night everyone! Work calls in the AM, so I best get some sleep so I can stay awake all day. Lol!
Kaiser Family Foundation found that health insurance premiums more than double what they paid in 10 yrs.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 6
stay tuned… teaching workshops in Phoenix in June
My swagger on 1 followed by a 0 0
I'm in class <3t
2d. You don't have to wear dumb glasses
So... 80s party with ... Shits about to get CRAY!
lol I know! I'm close enough as it is, smh. Lol
Miss you love! Come back to Dallas soon! (:
BAHAAHAAHAA!! And you get it!!!
where did you see these? Must try!
im fine
just registered for the Joint Conference on Digital Libraries in June! #jcdl2012 will it be better than my college reunion (that I'll miss)?
lol can we please make that a three-way battle and include captain crunch? ;)
Hoping this is not a career ending injury for Mariano, not the way that he deserves to go out for a HoF career
“: that stuff is over rated. #disgusting #sillycelebs” --
HERE WE GO, STEELERS, HERE WE GO!!!!
Just had a zombie apocalypse dream and it was nothing like Zombieland. I'm in tears and paranoid as fuck.
I love my inlaws
"Just leave it to Sexy Sam"
Join us for a Flash Mob tomorrow night! 5pm @ Longfellow Books. Bring a book and show your support of reading!
Makes sense...I'm hoping it picks up soon :). What have you been up to? Working on anything fun?
I haven't heard of anyone storming off, so it must be fun!
Just heard some drug dealers use the terms, "snitches" and "busters." I wonder which was O-Dog?
On a Tuesday. Really?
Live To Give Week 7 - Buy A Stranger something at random... - www.LivenAndGiven.com This is Brian .. Error: Please specify a URL to shorten.
Teaching class this Saturday, Pierce College, Los Angeles: "Start your own Home-based Business" - everyday more people working at home!
Good Morning Sammi, have a great Friday! Ur my favorite on ur show! <3
What night will Kurt Sutter be on #LastCall?
Oh im jealous haha.. and idk im not playing football this year but imma do track work outs and what not and hang with friends:)
hello! how are you? :D
Bumping Digable Planets "9th Wonder" as loud as I can. Just blame for planting that joint in my psyche.
“: All orange cats are Wilford Brimley.”
TODAY IS THE DAY! Look around Rochester today for Book Givers!
congrats on 1 mill Followers!
never got into The Boss. every time i see him play i wonder why Syl from The Sopranos is playing with him...
Just got into Boone, NC and eating some hott food @ Murphy's Bar & Grille.
So Flo-Rida is on the voice and any time I hear him all I wanna say is "shorty got them apple bottom jeans...boots with the fur.."
galloway just went ham. Thanks guys.
picture me rollin'.
Despite the fickle weather, it's actually super pleasant out right now
Blasting Nicki's 'Sex in the Lounge' at Chick-Fil-A drive thru. "Put that pussy on my bottom lip, then you know we gotta switch."
MUSIC helps me escape from the reality i live in
I wish I worked downtown!
then we need 2 do it
Yeah! The show at Club Seven!
I'll have to check that out!
WTF am i watching? I just saw a guy jack off onto a hamster.
#onemiami2012 ready to worship my savior at the one conference! Jesus, come and move!!!! :)
hard one - but gotta say Stockton. Quicker hands, big steal threat, 3 pt threat, assist master.
midterms... bring it on.
#Winning! RT Grilled chicken burrito and Hatchet!! ;)
i loved how he managed to make the film a solid action-genre movie on top of pleasing the fanboys!
My TV stays on ID or Golden Girls. RT“: I think I'm the only person under 50 that loves the station Investigation Discovery”
Romeo miller on the cover of brave magazine!!!
SOME ONE GET ME A LOCK FOR MY ROOM
:o oh alright lol
I made my friend listen to you guys.. let's just say the reaction was mind = blown. (:
Bill, looking forward to our call this week.
sure! thanks - LL
great, I'll be sure to make it!
I could use a TSA style pat-down.
Sometimes I feel uniquely #Scottish, sometimes uniquely #Jewish and sometimes uniquely both. Anyone else feel that way? Go #Sounders too!
Watching rupauls drag race lol i learned alot from them girls
Doing easily what others find difficult is talent doing what is impossible for talent is genius.
it had to be Gordon Keith I bet?
everywhere! I see you driving all the time!!
#Heat game going down to the wire. Down by 3 with 32 seconds left.
Can't fucking stand bicyclist who ride like theyre posed pissed off teenagers...so basically everyone bicyclist on the north side of chicago
She has her moments! Yes, Gayle, yes!
In a weather delay at Churchill Downs. Sloppy track will favor Broadway's Alibi and And Why Not in Kentucky Oaks
My Birthday is today:)
I have a C in business right now. What the heck riggins.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
If we did the things we were capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison
i wonder how all of the baltimore bands are doing
Can fix your cravings for high school cafeteria food too?
oh my mother of gdfjklgdf I'M SO JELLO OF YOU
RT : Prosecutrs to charge ELEVEN #FAMU students n connectn w/hazing death of #RobertChampion, openly #gay drum major
In the car..kinda hard. :-)
Jeff and Zoe both squeezed around pipes under sink. Zoe spent a day under sofa, against wall + dead centre (=invisible).
hopefully Santa Monica. Easier to get to UCLA.
let's go with
I'm having a greasy cheeseburger for lunch and thought of you.
Watch tomorrow CBS Sat. Eve News at 6:30p for our investigatn on School Lunches: What u & ur kids don't know-- it's costing taxpayers!
Seriously anybody kno how to get rid of a stalker...
we are practicing patience.
That cheese is good, but Anchovy anything.... no. D:
Ohh there I see it, my phone was messing up... I wasn't trying to be mean if it came out that way, sorry
#NewFeds learn the multimedia skills, the tech skills, the knowledge management, all useful to plug into these agencies
Amen! RT : I have NOTHING if I don't have you. -Whitney Houston
we can't wait to get out there and see all of it! Gary's is about 20 minutes from us and it's beautiful!
So what do you think about this idea?
Enjoying a long weekend in South Haven, MI. Ate at Sophie's for steak and restaurant owner kept us late to drink from his stash!
Having trouble with SIMULATED PROCESS/CMYK SEPS?? Let us sep and send back to you...all you have to do is burn the screens and print away!
We have #hale&hearty soup!Serving a variety of six #soups ! Small soup & 1/2 wrap or sandwich for $6.50
Yess :( yesterday I saw ms.bossie
ThankOur goal is to reach $750 today, just $45 more and we will get there :) Keep up the good work you do!
Wait why don't/didn't I know about WMR
Wish this great weekend would never end! Had a blast dancing with my baby at super soul shakedown. Now 2 bbqs and 17 again with mom!
Just point the microphones in any direction. It's fine. Whatever.
#SouthBeach here I come. I need to thaw out for a week!
I don't get it. My sister has cancer but somehow I'm the one who has seemed perpetually ill all semester.
just watched #RHOA and I can't even justify why. 6 old ass women fighting over B.S.
I think I might benefit from a #gibbsslap upside the head today... can you lend a hand?
The World Leaders have officially renamed the Rickshaw to the HawkShaw!!!!
annoyed the MSM is now trying to "educate" us about the Liberian "culture" after the gang-rape of an 8 yo girl.
Would you hurt a man keenest, strike at his self-love.
Tired of this rain in the , the sun needs to stay out for a while
Bspot tonight. says "feed that baby!"
so hungry. where my EBT at?
This is a rude awakening
not true, mine are almost back from when u plucked them, haha
It's always a mission to find parking in LA -_-
#BlogPawty Whoops, dance floor is getting crowded with paws. Can someone put me on a table? *dance dance dance*
My grandpa turns a hearty 94 yrs old today. Amazing to think of tech advancements since…he helped invent silicone caulk as a chemist at GE!
thanks jay!
NFL has got problems.
My grandpa uses my bathroom and comes out: "don't use that bathroom because you will die..." with a straight face and walks out of my house
Just booked my dream wedding cake with Cynthia's Cakes! Red velvet yes
Good tips. RT Office Halloween costume parties can build morale & teamwork. Or they can kill your career. Here are some tips:..
Yes he does...for now. If Staal's alright then so is Rupp. If not, he's from Philly right? Then by default he sucks.
obviously the little box around the hot pocket that you microwave it in....
:i should've had more cheesecake w/ my blueberry sweetfrog me: but blueberry is 1st in line cpudge: its so hard
At the Jackson Square groundbreaking Councillor Tito Jackson: This is a day of change. Jamaica Plain and Roxbury are one community.
All's I know is catfish and alligators anyway.
Hahaha RT "There's no one single at work....I am trying to 'Pam Beasley' this one girl though"
Order Supreme Surface Stone Shower Cleaner from our NEW online store for Supreme Surface Cleaners!
Ha ha.... RT : RichmondCivilWar150 that would be a great name for a #nascar race
dan that would be cool but i don't live there.
thanks, I'll check those links out.
Really ??? You really dont mind waiting in line?? Get tickets before arriving at the Denver Golf Expo Feb 10-12. TicketsWest @ King Soopers
#nowplaying "I Wanna Dance With Somebody"
You know, i don't get why people try to be something they're not
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits and may your arms be too short to scratch. Thank you and have a nice day.
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I catch feelings for people too quickly, which causes me to get hurt in the end.
Today is #Leadership #UTSA Great start to the day w/participant presentations on two books about organizational types. #well done
Hah! Best analogy yet for evil Yankees: RT RT the Yankees are corporate lobbyists, the Phillies are community activists.
if the Knicks fail to Make the playoffs D'Antoni will be fired
Have you ever been to a Chiropractor about your headaches?
It's another event, as I'm not ready ... Training taking longer than I'd expected. maybe early June. What's your next half?
Wuz up bro
Good morning!! Sumatra and House brewed this morning :)
My family is all sort of messed up.
Dear Twitter, why do you keep sending me notifications even though I've unchecked all of the "send me notification" boxes?
#ebiznow Phildelphia - representing the city is discussing the strong ties between the city &
they just ain't doing it right
...empty old oil, taco breakfast, and start getting the Mac Mini acting like a real computer...and maybe a movie.
Six flags!
lol it sure looks like it. What do you think about the potential spurs/thunder match up?
oh hm idk! Lol I thought it was
can i have some cinnamon toast crunch too???
Haha yeah! I miss you !
Ha! The conversation was a nice balance of marketing and 80s metal : )
What do you think? For Irene, should we visit the folks in DC (more room, help w/baby) or stay in Bmore (no driving, chance to keep power)?
iv done that but the chick ruined it cuz she bit my tounge I was like bitch
This should be illegal
Nothing says "merry merry" like Still can't pick my favorite day. Currently a tie between 3/4 and 10.
That's a political comment, dude, but I enjoy your political comments so rock on.
Show us a pic or it didn't happen!
Thanks! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast! Will look for your tweets!
J. Lo's green sequin dresses FIERCE on #Americanidol tonight. Fierce! <U+2764>
#ZackRyder Get better Bro!!!!
Extreme Cheapskates on TLC, can't help but think of
I heart my mama and I heart my Twitter feed. Happy Tweats Day to mama Tweeties out there
Jesus: I was scourged and whipped each step of the way.
Mt. Fuji Grilled Cheese was devine! Wine and Food Truck Pairing last night!
Sorry to keep bragging a lot...I'll try to stop. I promise XD
#TFB all day long!
BTW, Jasmine Anne is my actress friend who lives in NYC and refuses to get a twitter...
i wish i was one of those perfect girls for one day
thank you for the best present ever- so cool!
I’m trying to do better than good enough.
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan than waking up next to the one you love <3
what's the real diff between #tightlycurly method and #curlygirl method? which is better? who's tried both?
Feeling like poo
Don't let anyone or anything stop u from having a wonderful day. Love and Light
Why does everyone always want free stuff. We should be able to hook you guys up with some killer team deals but no freebies
looking forward to it, mr. koester. See you wednesday.
hell ya lol
A big THANK YOU! for all the attendees of the Public Funds Summit that is happening Right Now in Newport, RI. THANKS EVERYONE!!
Where did you get that scarf & purple shirt? I LOVE IT!
#OneOfThoseDays when you just wanna cry until there's no more tears left.. #RIP Ashley Nichole Kidwell..
We get down every 2nd Thursday of the month - See you May 10th!
for our potential sake, I hope Phoenix wins at least one or two to make it interesting.
I love you do much that I'd text you random MIW things. Yep <3
Its over...you got punked lol get over it
we're good, texting right now
Adam is getting his Crunchy Groove on!
i just want a main recap!;)
#dcmi2009 David Wood: In December, Zepheira RDF editor open source with a wiki.
What is Digg?
So if someone invites you to their wedding, it's apparently bad form to say "Sorry I can't make it but I'll come to your next one."
Totally digging American Idol's new judging lineup. S. Tyler is cooler, funnier, sweeter, normaler than I thought. Cringing begone.
One time I did omegle video thing...and I got some random old creeper dude with his shirt off :L ...and he had man boobs!! :L
Spiderman comes out the day before my birthday and Katy Perry's movie comes out the day after. i will only see one. can you guess which?? ;)
If a girl ever steals your man, there's no better revenge than letting her keep him. REAL MEN can't be stolen.
and are starting their family adventure today! We will miss you!! XO
go caps!! RT : 3rd period is underway from Verizon Center. #Caps lead Panthers 4-0.
There's nothing like the support of a good woman.
Yanks and Red Sox seem to be heading in opposite directions
Definitely! :D RT : oops paw slipped I meant spare bit of dry lap! ;o)
it was really good .
O ok ND I got Dat game on Ma iPod but What u doin Right Now?
not a google+ fan?
Vanessa talk about how to deal with mold outbreaks on books & paper, and get rid of musty smells (involves kitty litter)
Hello Jesse, Describe what it's like being a Playboy Model & an Actress?
Can't wait for the 7th round of the nfl draft tomorrow! Doesn't get better than a whole round of guys that will be unemployed by September
you looked absolutely amazing last night! No wonder couldn't take her eyes off you! We know how she feels!
Happened to me yesterday a few times. What does it all mean :D ?
Super hungry so I ate a whole bag of chips today.
hey tony it is open for Dallas now!
So yeahs I'm prettyy bored, when in doubt think of Cody!!!!!<3
it's funny how the wrestlers WWE pluck away from TNA have already wrestled in WWE/F in the past.
Smalltime Breakfast Game-Changer: Sandwich a McGriddle between 2 hashbrowns and/or pancakes. Drizzle syrup as necessary.
Can I help u build something??? I promise I got a steady hand. Pweeeeeessss :)
mortal comprehension does stop at nasty so quite possible!
#nw dream lover
Tonight was gnarly. My ears are still ringing.
is going to a party to discuss existentialism tomorrow- with other people who've agreed to do the same!
Crossing my fingers White House responds- just tweeted them directly. Proud that WA House & Senate responded to a local Tw. petition on ed$
RT : "Social Media is about sociology & psychology more than technology" ~ < I like that analogy.
That is no fun, I hope it moves on soon. I have been pretty fortunate this year.
Lol look @ what I said on fb. More in depth. And send me your thesis advisor's email addy. I'll give 'em a stern talking to!
"Dominos pizza in the candle light" yes
Last day of 2012 Winter Film Awards!! The celebration continues at 1 Oak happening now!! Great work everyone~
me too. (butting in).
I cannot imagine life without the grace & peace I'm offered DAILY from Creator God.
i ended up replacing it and paying about $200 :( but hey, its working now and I'm happy to have it again.
hahaha, sure we can be friends.
The ownership of money and property comes as a result of doing things in a certain way.
You think the flight time to Australia is long? It took Apollo about 76 hours to get to the moon. One way.
WMC-Miami-right now-Club Shelter, NYC meets Club Djoon, Paris. Collins Ave. We already dancing! Let's go!!
With that shot into the cab you should move up into the striker position! Beautiful.
Ah, the memory of an elephant lol
RT Thunder gonna win by 20+ tonight
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear when a white person points and yells "Look! NIGGERS!"
This is coming at a time when there are nearly 5 new #HIV infections for every 2 people put on treatment.
hey Mike, won't be able to make the presentation tonight, but looking forward to the next one.
Follow for the latest and greatest from the best restaurant in Denver!
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Zynga? Ping back for more info! :-)
Thank you!!
it was a joke. Chill.
not sure yet. The holiday may have other plans for me.
but then again I don't remember giving any of these ppl one pink penny so...
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Or maybe they're mating... Which is probably why there are lots of baby ones in the tank..
Dang got me thinking now
The word finger-like projections should never be in the same sentence as ovaries.
Soon as I'm done spending time with the nephew I got to put in a lot of work book wise and hooping
So sick of drama queens.
This is insulting: RT Lego launching a product line for girls. Someone should tell them that they already have one: legos.
I do not like the feeling of being embarrassed for other people
if it continues, maybe a series? It could be epic. Maybe one outside a dog house "STAY OUT MAH INBOX" with chains n shit.
Brought many of my houseplants in to work...now they are office plants.
Life is about choices. Choices are about authenticity, consequences, and character.
well I was one of the first diagnosed with the tumor I have. We started a foundation for research.
Most of the guys here are wearing heels. I love it. (Asher Levine Show)
is coming up in just a little bit. Super stoked for their set
What would you play?
After work snack :) Sausage Flatbread: Spring Garlic, Sheep's Milk Cheese, Pickled Peppers
let me know!! If am not in the crib, am in the stu
If this love only exists in my dreams.. Don't wake me up.
Nice work! I love me some A-Power
Anyone want a Follow!? just tweet me!! <U+2665>
I appreciate it!! Thank you!! That's nothing theres plenty more to come lol
Making my request now for Resurrection Weekend. Of course I'll hit the link too! The Jam - Town Called Malice.
#FrozenPlanet w #embarrassing where's
good for you Deb. Congrats.
you bet! Looking forward to your tweets.
I have to stop now. Site goes live tomorrow. Will be mostly functional. Not too bad all things considering.
I miss skyline and Montgomery Inn like a mofo.
2012. Sink or swim.
#bankofamerica you are evil and you know it.
Dear boys, Please stop leaving one spoonful of cereal in the box and putting it back on the shelf. Sincerely, Mom
Please welcome BlueBlood to the Max life
I can always find some good in everyone. If that makes me optimistic or stupid remains to be seen. :-)
Rereading Byron Katie's 1000 Name for Joy - what a great way to begin a day!
word!!! Good fathers still exist!!
And I am back! Successful session of MW2 and Black Ops. Got a nuke then in Black Ops got a chopper gunner =)
Making major eye contact with the boys from Big Time Rush. The Script is next. I'm stoked. \m/
Final four still Kentucky and who thehell cares!
Laviolette looks like Eddie Munster. He applauds the Schenn cheapshot and objects to this? Hippocrosy at its finest.
I start at KOMO in July.
mak apparel (makapparel) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
C'mon #Pacers!
Q4: honestly, Houston is tough for running. It's HOT... yeah, I'm a wimp, but I still get out there.
"Did you get probed by the rod?"
Heck yeah! Hubby isnt excited, but he's a Yankee so what does he know? LOL!
Cheating is allowed. Great game!
Ask Tommy Digger Gugger's opinion about 's opine on sourcing.
please follow me<3
Many women express that their most satisfying sexual experiences entail being connected to someone, rather than solely basing satisfactio...
Yep. I love Show Damon too, but the book one was just better written.
you know I'm not much of a night owl so it may be tough to go out two nights in a row
Jan, intentness and interest
send nittany lion back to Happy Valley, very unhappy. Go Bucky!
Agree to Disagree! Ole Miss and Alabama are the best! I've played in SC!
like inside the school
I am in love with it too :3 they rock!
Now that's funny!
why are you worried about eoc's when SciOly is tomorrow?
Rain likely tonight starting after 7pm. Showers will continue through tomorrow morning. Low of 50 tonight. Hi tomorrow 60.
It's all your fault!
Gonna bust out my 80s country mix tonight to get the Friday party started. #harpervalleyPTA #9to5 #swingin'
wish I was there so I could go! that is right up my alley.
ugh the quiet car is full of
#ICriedWhen I met austin...because it was a dream and when I woke up I was really upset that it wasn't real.
“You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
Working on the set of my upcoming music video- long day so far but a ton of fun :)
I'ma blastin off! Baby I'm Venus boouuund. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
thank you!!!
im really hoping that this hurricane does not hit us as bad as its supposed to :/ fuck being on the 3rd fl with this kind of weather !
the amount of gingers outside today is out of this world.
Well then, you just confirmed my theory that every city smells horrible. NYC smells awful as well.
Common ground on #Jobs Sought? You're a sot to think we'd believe that. You're a drunk and is creepy.
thunderstorms everyday of #ala11, I thought it was supposed to be overcast a few days. I dont want to take my waders
I swear this chick is a smut
Okay, Rulli, I got one: Living like a pirate in 1970s Key West with Jimmy Buffett.
My mom didn't buy me this magazine...World War I is about to go down. -_______-
i'm supposed to be writing an english paper
Waking up in 6 hours... goodnight moon
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
We listen to The Ready Set too! If you like him, you'd probably like ! You should check them out.
you silly!!
happy late birthday to my awesomest idol <33
chufféd, n. a hard packed snowball, traditionally eaten with maple syrup and gravy in a bobsled.
is fourth on the #Spurs in scoring. He only trails a few unknown guys named Tony Parker, Tim Duncan & Manu Ginobili.
Just a simple Lil lie
Shout out to everyone who was involved in the snowboarding competition @ Hoodoo. Our staff had a great time, and a big shout out to Cakeatr!
If you want flipping to work then the learners must know they will be expected to show their new performance on the job.
Hey fatass who is trying to get in shape, stay the hell out of my gym. This is only for those of us in good shape
If you don't like the situation...always remember -you possess the power to OPT out...
The Run for the Door 5K & 1K fun Run in Sterling VA is open for business on Active.com.
up late reading geeky stuff about DAWs, VSTs, and other alphabetical music related applications
Selig was incredibly candid in both his interview and his lecture, especially given how Ozzie Guillen was still dominating headlines.
Looking good Austin(; <3
Prepping to watch the sunset.
": Anyone know how many boxes of Girl Scout cookies are in a serving?"
Follow to see #marchmadness brackets from and more
Ausgang featuring Hongs and Jazzilla at the Electric Pickle tonite. New wed weekly STRUT! DJ GRACE JONES two sets .. SOULTRAIN SADDNESS : (
Without God's word we are all in trouble.
I agree with
On my way to soundcheck now.
Tell your girlfriend to stop leaving her clothes at my house.
haha I realized that all the new clothes I bought are black and grey. Plain jane teacher with multiple cats is my destiny...
“ Never tell friends every detail about your life. Understand that not everybody has good intentions.
Colombian hot mates for hire story may not go over for el Presidente. This fiasco smells like a drug cartel deal gone bad.
YES! I've been doing just that with my son, too! Right now, it's bowling.
Keep it up
If I had a wagon I'd go to Colorado.
Thank you so much! RT : - Terrific pizza!
Crafty parents: your children are welcome to accompany you to our Nov. 12 Launch Party. We'll have a fun craft project for kids to enjoy.
Awkward band moment: showing up at the venue and no one is there but the entire place is unlocked. LET'S ROCK! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
brainstorming requires that you suspend all judgement. Even judgement about crappy beer.
bummer man!
where my jersey girls at we still got like 5 weeks.
:-) We'll have to do something when our funds are refluffed. Would you & Jory have any interest in seeing the...
WOOHOOO! That actually sounds like fun(: lol. <--- well that didn't look too good.
sometimes i go out in public without my Shoes, because i like feeling the Real ground, not just the inside of my shoes.
312 for Harper. Love the coverage Brickster!
Bloomfield miss you too! Hope you get to visit soon.
it's a sister disease to RA. No fun!
I love the IT Crowd. That is all.
U will Rock xx
There's ambulance all around my building
I am addicted to Photography!!! I can’t stop looking a photos, taking photos, editing photos. I feel this endless itch to get creative.
ha ha ha...made me laugh! Good quickie lesson on the importance of puntuation.
Help your front line staff understand how they drive quality #data collection & why they should care
I dont think there was a new Victorious ep this weekend, it was only the new iCarly iPear Store :D
I dont get it...twine...?
Go Bruin's''Payback time 2nite
EMILY You're right
...Wanna go back to Walt Disney World!
Anyone in the US want us to play your hometown this simmer?
They're also making it so that people can't become educated, or even pay to get edgeumakated...
Wonderful! Hope you enjoy!
Yeah...Interestingly, Wilkes-Barre, where we'll be, skews more Yanks/Giants than Phillies/Eagles.
RT IF YOU LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!
Gonna go shopping on my day off <U+E00E>
Tired is hell think I'm taking it down
I am going to use this twitter feed to keep academic librarians updated on Logi Insight for Libraries, and to share what I'm learning!
Just watched "The Avengers" on bootleg. They promoted that movie for almost 2yrs & it was average at best
...I'm in love and it's a sunny day :D
I thought that was the geico guy.
Pulling hard for this weekend. Stewart make sure you tell to play right along today! #gothrashers!
thanks for the feedback
New year fitness challenge announced at www.usgetfit.com
Man I woke up this morning and my head was pounding and I couldn't breath out of my nose, Hahaha damn I freaked out
Spending today and tommorow with Natt and Alex from the Naked Brothers Band! Mexicali today and Webster Hall tommorow! Come out for some fun
It's a great feeling to be called into work and then 1 hour later getting a call saying nevermind :)
I did. That was a good flashback for me since I didn't watch TNG until you :)
What is actual is actual only for one time and only for one place. -T.S.Eliot-
Motivation has an establishing/abolishing effect on behavior. Satiation/Deprivation of sR+ increases/decreases value of sR+
thanks Catherine - Gary Zukav's book Seat of the Soul led me to rethink everything. Love this quote.
I don't know much about this Christmam dude but Bruce Arena needs to remove him from the pitch
Hehe I love One Direction.... That's all I have on my mind
Its 11:24 and Im all by my lonesome. What else is there to do but to drink #jackandcoke after jack and coke and watch a #movie?
Thanks for the mention! Yes, I'm redesigning my website to make those slide show links more accessible. Will be up soon!
Cmon ladies, stop falling in love over one damn date. Value yourself a little more than that
After much consultation and discussion, it is decided George Percy is cuter than Prince William.
M *drools like Homer*
do it!
I hope I like Think Like A Man pretty sure I will
I have to focus on me it's me time now.
Have you joined us at www.knowledgesafari.com yet? Connect Discover Share!
Why did our location randomly disappear and our closed location is still up?
Bruh YOu Got some Hard Ass Beats!
do you know the deets for FBOJ premier party sat? i want to know what time i should come :) i hope to see you!! :) :)
actually, that works better. That way I won't be in a crazy rush. What time works for you?
Just twitting =)
I want more trees in my life.
Thanks for attending!
And I have work in the morning fml! :/
God morning. :)
#Motivation: if you are not playing your heart out, someone else is. And when you meet him, he will win.
I just ordered business cards for my side job as an aerialista. Does that mean I can quit my day job now?!
BOYS:Don't sit there and see another take your place, be an attention getter show her your there and you will always be
and the winning raffle ticket from #thesocial is Ticket no. 61404 - you have 24 hours to claim your winnings - congrats!!
your beautiful in every single way and words can't bring you down so don't let them bring u down anyway peeps are just jealous
Give somebody your heart and open yourself up to heartache =( Still glad I did though ;_-)
Just be responsible at the same time
“: Ruwe off for slashing now. Mavs to the PK four minutes into the second.” Bogus call probably.
I literally cannot stand my teeth. Whichever one of my parents gave me sensitive teeth, I hate that parent for it. FUCK.
It's hard to live for today when you have to worry about the bills tomorrow.
quit hating Chris!
Love the Gaga quote on your profile! :)
yes Miss Ashley lol
Get your i18n code right and get promoted to Señor Software Engineer
You put into words precisely my reaction. Book Riot is collecting images like this and calling them "Book Fetish."
Joy Behar says that Joe Biden should be more worried about 'foot in mouth' disease than swine flu. Te-he ...
lol it's what Herd said, not me...I find a specific 20-something quite engaging lol
me&another supported talked w/3 kids wholl b 1st time voters this year. w/the truths we said, they now say theyll vote4 POTUS!
yes I do
Put on my new goalie pads today. It was awesome. Need to work on lateral movement and cardio.
#IdLikeToKnowWhy guys think its cute for your underwear to be showing. Please grow up, put the spiderman boxers away, and buy a dang belt!
Forget about prom, I just want some Disney movies and to be here
Such a sad story..I don't understand.
It's 70 °F in San Francisco ! What's better than that ? It's Cheese Steak Tuesday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint !
Only god knows when the world ends ;) Stop talking BULLSHIT ;)
Occupy and immigrant rights, same struggle same fight!
cheers to the freaking weekend....
- We are excited to be 100% Texan!
No price is too great to pay for inner peace ~ Sri Chinmoy |
#COOL is the
One thing i hate is dreaming, I'm always dispapointed after I wake up.
truth be told, someone lost the cat fight.. But It was not anyone from a state the rhymes with "sississippi"
congratulations! Big news....
What Fcat are we taking tomorrow :0 ??
Have you seen it??, it was phenomenal!!!!
Finally tamed my wild hair lmao......
ahaa truee , see youu get me ! U feel me bro (;
NATS musical theatre workshop was a great experience. Going home with lots to think about!
I'm guessing he just had to come across as sane... Big change from Irsay or Adams...
-heyy. FOLLOW BACK? x)
G'Morning! Short night, sick baby girl til about 4:30 a.m.... Leaning on Jesus for extra strength and joy this morning.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Waste of time. Sean Hannity is self-parody, personified.
I must have a testaserone problem.. That is what all the commercials tell me
lol ill go visit u then. Lol
Thanks for the RT and thanks for following!
Home to get down with my homies.
i can honestly say this has been the worst week for me ;/ N people are trying to defend him. smh...
wow! which fraternity were you in?
When calls me & gets me in trouble at work. <<<<< haha.
retweet if you eat Captain Crunch! #OneOfMyFavorites:)
you may get your revenge, so to speak. Trying to talk into a duet a la
yep, we called those "on the reg" so excited! this is going to be amazing!
actualy it's "I hold it all when I hold you" so true: )
Thanks for the SOs, guys!! Have a great weekend!!
Let's get markets to work...looting and destroying the economy they way they were meant to!
sitting on trashbags,running around the streets screaming/singing on the top of my lungs to Bieber songs. It was just an amazing experience.
I wish i could explain things without people getting offended.
I love <3
Cause my heart is yours ...
RT Often, #ux has more in common with urban planning than with graphic design.
2 years for Plaxico, that's crazy given the circumstances.
Jimmy you were absolutely CORRECT
The amount of NY Rangers shirts on the LIRR this evening is appauling. Fashion violations everywhere. Ugh!
Penney: Museums don’t hold up a mirror to culture, they’re instruments of culture.
already booked it
Had som Taco Bell to celebrate cinco de mayo. It was pretty good. Can't wait for fireworks, or is that cuarto de julio.
Lol, why is justin jerry though?
Gotta love those people that have a different best friend everyday.
She ain't my daughter but she call me daddy
Oh, the joy on my cabbie's face when his dentures weren't lost. I was just sitting on them. In the back seat.
Well said in 140 characters. I agree. You need a champion but everyone should participate. I like your idea of incentives!
NO , not another commerical ! -.-
Whatever you have to tell yourself.
I think you were down to milliseconds between you and and
specializing in simulated process separations and CMYK separations!!!
There's core group of fans have been working very hard to make up for all the lazy "fans" who won't make time for a show they claim to love.
To all the guys who thinks its cool to disrespect girls think again cause those girls will hit u hard in the face
wait...what's friday....
finally home, long good day :p
you did a great job on the video! Nice work.
Watching soulsurfer & texting the best <3
I just thought of my stripper name .. Hook The Cable Guy ! Lol
I think I know myself better then anybody. So, I dont need you tellin me shit I already know.
Whats up with NBA players wearing those big ass pediatric glasses?
RT YES & HUGS to all. : To #FearlessFriends and in loving memory , who taught me how
im magic :/
Yes, that would be the perfect summer treat! And I'm sure my 1 & 3yr oles would love them.
Thanks for the shout out!
In the words of and , today was a #goodday . That's a wrap! Good night, #Detroit!
I really want chipotle. Gotta put that at the top of my to do list today
Can't leave the room when Lee Morgan/ Hank Mobley are playing on the WHRB orgy. Ice cream is melting in the kitchen.
Ben, your hair looks nice in AZ. No humidity?
Honestly getting really irritated with #DWTS. Donald gets robbed every week.
This is fucking disgusting.
if you have time in Indy 2day, stop by Shapiro's Deli, been around 4 100 yrs, amazing comfort food!
Do you want another? There's many more where that came from!
Solid start by McAllister! Hopefully our bullpen can give him his FIRST major league win!
I would still act like a nigga -
Had to cancel service today!! Damn generator!! See you back on the streets tomorrow with cool Italian Ice and awesome Cheesesteaks!!
Up early following latest details on #turnpike shooting
I think it does have beer in it... not sure about the pretzels. PS --- See where Kama is tonight :)
My fave flavor! RT : Son is staying hydrated at his baseball game with Pineapple ...much better than Gatorade!
your worry implies people actually listen to voicemails...
Stop! It's Searchin' Time. RT : M-C Hammer is launching his own search engine! Hope its more successful than Yahoo-Tang Clan
I haven't even thought about going to school tomorrow.
We're happy to offer Lebanese wines as well, both Heritage and Le Fleuron
what do you mean physcoo
Shawty or Girl ? :D
lol hawaii is the spot then cuz the water is cold as shit out here!
OH. You know I'm so there, and ready to compete. #FierceLibrarians cc:
I know! Happy Endings is the best!!!
The Sims eh
1 in) rainfall a year over the past 30 years
Happy I was able to take to Eric Church last night so she could hear her fav song
“: How you've been Indie Krushers?” we be krushing! You?
The #Cavs can't lose this season, they win lottery picks.
so excited for summer and to be wearing ankle bracelets again with a "tan"<3333
ya its strange
So the topic right now: why drinking is legal and not weed when we get more F'd while drinking. :-):-) just saying its true.
it's a fact.
Whoa #ThatMoment you feel ninja online! I got this (:<
I wish! Working out of town at the moment.. :/
Can you do me a favor ; Look at this& give Me feedback? it Would be helpful, thankyou. # www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
Posterous has been acquired by Twitter. Maybe this will inspire me to use it more.
Accidentally biting the inside of my mouth so that it bleeds while I'm trying to eat is my body's way of telling me, "chill."
What?? Coltrane on a jukebox?!? Where is this magical jukebox to be found?
Isolation plays don't even work that well for great players, like Carmelo. Rudy is no Carmelo.
motorboat those b melons
FREE National Public Garden Day from dawn to dusk TOMORROW (Lettuce giveaway at greenhouse 12-4pm & garden tours 1 & 2 pm)
": slave" truth
we are thunderbooming and raining. Very dark to the west!!
Milwaukee photographers, show us your favorite #wedding photos!
: So excited to be partnered up & launch this Co....Its going to be great!!!
#ID channel
good luck! drink plenty of coffee!
very good. i miss them to. #tear lol
oh how cute
Dance Class 2nite 7pm Bible Study 8pm ---- Flash Mod rehearsal. mo info www.rocksteadydance.org
Is anyone planning on doing some NodeXL or similar analysis on #ttw12 tweets?
In order to complete the birthday trifecta, HAPPY 21ST TO !!! Look at you with your fancy future business name. Have fun!!
Bad ass kids !
is scratching my head right now wondering why .......
I got a singing gig in one month, need to brush off my guitar, write some new songs & find me a band!
I hope everyone is having a great MLK weekend. I'm sitting in sunny Columbus getting ready to board a plane to FLA for a great video shoot.
Life Is Too Ironic. It Takes Sadness To Recognize Happiness, Noise To Appreciate Silence, Nd Absence To Value Presence.
A1: I watched the Nats v. Reds game and I don't recall any mention of the foundation that promotes the campaign.
#sonnench didn't come anywhere near the level his mouth has risen to in this fight... #bisping was robbed!
I heard Billy Cundiff tried to hang himself after the loss, but didn't succeed because he had trouble kicking the chair out from under him
So you want a new master bathroom...where do you start the process?
Do you know what I really want right now? Hulk gloves.
Headed to ebspca to donate blankets and towels, must put up blinders so I don't come home with a new furry friend.
Mourn the old you and honor the one that forced you to change.
lol i only have 25 followers bcoz i only made this account today :) sorry
I remember when Scott Frost didn't want to play safety either ... for the #Jets. Sorry
Woohooo!!! 200 followers! Thank you all. Hope you are having a wonderful weekend!
You are slime! “: Just left the best golf course in the State of California- When in the LA area, check it out
I should be sleep right about now!
hello, my name is fabulous
Okay cool. That'll work(:
I'll be done with school in a week! On the job search and planning to move to LA with the boyf soon!
Sitting here like a fatty while my boyfriend runs a mile.
chillin till softball game.
*sigh* Fuck Cancer.
I want you to stay here or me there -___e
To help create a collaborative work environment: Set team boundaries, Establish ground rules, and Clarify team roles & responsibilities
We are happy to introduce the Black Graduate Student Association to the GSA clubs. Stay tuned for future club info.
You're right. But they should try. Way too many people are way too certain that all holders of different views must be evil
pls post pics if u have any - would love to see them!
great and amzing yours ?
thanks! I'll try it out and see how it works.
I will if you're going to fight pac-man, otherwise go to jail. RT Tune into MTV tonight and watch me on Ridiculousness.
Thanks for your shout out on #natgas! Hope you enjoyed your #missamerica experience.
Watertown, Fresh Lobster, Seafood, Steaks, and More from (51% Off). Two Options Available.
A money call. Thank you sir.
“: Enjoying an awesome talk by at #idea10 about #contentstrategy”
Mybad about the cards
very nice ;-)
Once u step on my toes u cnt say sorry nicca
running with time!
His handle-sake will be yours at the first sign of fierce. Promise
can't believe it's been a year! have so much fun :)
Im officially in love with Justin Drew Bieber!
I can't wait till I move out of Texas. I'm really tired of this place.
Holy ass shot
Quentin Tarantino marathon. Yes, I'm doing better.
there is a pizza hut commercial on with an absolutely appalling rip off of the black keys sound.. you seen it?
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 20
What of Papa Trent's anthems best describe the day? "Terrible Lie"? "Down In It"? "Something I Can Never Have"? "Kinda I Want To"?
Your plans were in support of the rich and against the middle class!! Stop sending out this BS!!
Ok... somehow, somewhere, someone in Vegas scraped my email address and is now spamming me for all sorts of clubs & entertainment events.
Why is your account set to private? I'd like to RT things...
Bona fide nerd. One good idea (after another).
the hoes come, the seasons change .
"Women are not an interest group." --President Barack Obama.
The new year is a great time to get fit! Congrats on the opening!
now I'm listening to "Ride" by Ciara lol let me take my ass to sleep :)
I've always worked very, very hard, and the harder I worked, the luckier I got. - Alan Bond
In the daylight, I’m your sweetheart, You’re goody-two-shoes prude is a work of art.
Remember when people used paper maps? Hahahaha I'm weak at that.
Can't get Kid Rock - Cowboy out of my head, and it fucking rocks.
Aw I'm sorry, love! I'm not gonna say
Have you ever had the feeling of being watched?
yes. Please don't be mad, but I did it with 150+ others.
If you like overly-precise descriptions, you’ll love that book, I tweeted using Tweetbot 2.3 on my iPhone 4 running iOS 5.1 …
I'm tired of writing this damn sophomore debate speech!!
Also a pool table 4 sale!
I am glad all the fans showed up and dressed in blue...Oh. Nevermind.
I am entirely not up to date with this!
Thank you kindly! Don't worry... They'll transfer our consciousness to the net soon.
Do you know what KML is? It's Keyhole Markup Language, and it's a form of encoding web map data.
Welcome to the official On The Grind Management twitter feed. We will be signing various artists in the coming weeks, so check for updates!
we got lucky!
Article link?
Are you kidding me?! They shut done #wikipedia for the day because of freaking #SOPA. fml.
ah congrats chica !!!
Provo with 7 catches today, all of them in the 2nd half.
yes i do! its called #saysomethin(;
Read through of TUESDAY'S JUST AS BAD went great yesterday! Thanks to everyone who came out! :)
ITS HOTTER THAN THE DEVIL WIT A FEVER IN A BUBBLE JACKET
yes; NBA way better than college basketball; not even close
Also, I just deposited a check by taking a picture of it in an app!! That's crazy! And awesome!
One thing that I'm learning everyday is that you can't make everyone happy.
Shaun and our funnel cake.
you're cracking me up :) and I completely agree with you, btw.
Happy Father's Day to all the Real and True dads out there.
Thanks. What does the free account give you? What kind of stats for the app store?
We're in the second heat of the 3,200-meter relay, the first finals event of the day. The field events began competition at 4:15 p.m.
Today is a good day to be a Boilermaker.
nope i actually didn't!
Oh wow! That is some day! Hope it gets better for you!
word I love egg rolls
I like the floppy disk icon myself
I'm following SpinnPlatt, you should too if you want the skinny on Bay Area music.
Does #Linsanity still exist or did it die out?!?!
Tickets bought for the midnight release of #TheRaven in Vista! Cannot wait to see Poe's classics on screen!
Bug 666 is mine!
Isn't it weird how out of all words there's a game called horse? Because at some point usually your a ho & hor
One half down, one to go!!
Frozen yogurt with the gang
Do most writers find it more difficult to stick to a #writing routine in the summer? Maybe just writers with kids . . .
will you be coming to Puerto Rico?
ITS A LOTTA BAD BITCHES IN THE BUILDIN....AMEN
Mark Salling singing Taylor Swift? Not gonna lie... #hot :) aww and Coach Beiste is singin too :D
YES! Macy Gray covered Maps by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs <3 omfg. loving this.
- Congrats on breaking out of prison! :)
She's a good girl, crazy about Elvis
Im honored ;) lmfaoo
come on... A little Bronson Pinchot from "True Romance" ?
Why do I make so many mistakes?!?!?
hope everyone is having a rockin' weekend! and hope all the mother's are having a rockin' day!! =)
Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most...
God is absolutely moving at ALWC...check out yesterday's message "UNDIGNIFIED WORSHIP"...it's available for free at www.alwconline.com
#Audition for #Sprint commercials, #rehearsals with Robert Kalfin and getting ready for acting class tomorrow.... #actinginnyc!
": Holy too much work to do! Only 9 days until the freaking Kentucky Derby boys and girls!" Why do you keep ignoring the fillies?
Feel the Romentum! Symptoms include nausea, bleeding gums, and blurry vision.
said its
Yes he is!!! RT Kobe is putting on a show
let's connect after the session!
Just cut a banana style !(:
I'm starting to settle in to the Always Sunny/The League Thursday night combo.
shower time then bed, if I wanna get my butt to the gym in the morning.
Who's all partying tonight!? ;)
Let's begin by taking a smallish nap or two - Winnie the Pooh..
maybe you can do some internet research and come up with something but that's hit or miss sometimes for literature essays
OMG!! I live in Houston and LOVE possums!! Your pic is to cute, i hearted you on Etsy..
Text me you fool<3
Team Mardi Gras has crossed into Louisiana. Can you smell the Pat O's punch?
Muñoz: consider how libraries can move OA forward in terms of curation and digital preservation activities
You exist only in what you do. -- Federico Fellini
It seems like Twitter has been quiet this week.
The guy in front of me in #Starbucks bought my latte...... so I bought the girls coffee behind me! #PayItForward ;-) ;-) xoxo!
please follow back? And rt if u didn't know that u have ecuatorian fans
stand for one or stand for all. you are your own self. beautiful. never let a soul tell you different.
GREAT #photography advice from Don Giannatti : always buy TWO of everything! 2 of the same umbrellas, reflectors, etc.
People are going to be over... I don't like them
hi Dan, I'm interested.
This was so #Rays. 1-hit on 79 pitches thru 8, they bat around in 9th off Verlander and two RPs. Happens too often to be just luck.
we are. U want we add u to mailing list?
at least not at toddler and teen age (from my experience :-)
RT : i hate rain .
are you here yet?!!!!
best show of my life. You truely are my favorite musician.
Wishing I had Siri on my phone to talk to. Just ain't cuttin it anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
I can tomorrow!!
over 500 views is pretty good and the day is still young
Insanely business but good! And you?
Remember you must balance both internal & external components of your life to really achieve the greatest balance.
Lol sometimes a college degree can FAIL you and that's SAD<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
If you asked 25 people the definition of an MVP you would get 25 different answers. Award is tad bit overrated to me.
Whoops. Email forthcoming. Why didn't Tom put you on the email gaaaah
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
haha why was it in there?
Thanks John, appreciated! RT : Just checked out the new issue of Lonny. Nice work as always pals!
Happy Bday Chris Martin! Your music makes my days so happy :)
The letter writing festivities at have successfully helped me meet the museum's Twitter friends. They rule in person, too!
I will never forget 1977, majority summer in NYC after father was stationed there. Happy Birthday Mr. Reggie Jackson
Thx to All!
Grandma: Let me see what these punks have to say Lmao she pissed miami lost
RUMORS!!!! Lol. And yes.
Florida BJJ State Championship is 3 lbs. away, I got this...
TJs chicken nugs with ketchup for lunch... I think this means I'm home
oh didnt know you was a big Sunday Funday type of girl! Lol
#FF Shes a talented up and coming actress!!
follow back?
Oops, just ate a whole box of Gone Bananas. I hope I don't get a bellyache.
Just caved and ordered pizza (and zeppolis)... Kicking my ass in gym tomorrow
I am going to bed now
Homemade tortilla flautas: Awesome, and perfect superbowl kibble, but too much work to make a regular thing.
Wow Andrew, you read it in one day? You really are a quick reader! Enjoy the book!
27 days until my birthday
judging you.
hey what's up?
Something keeps me holding onto nothing
Anyone remember "The Phoenix" with Judson Scott? Wish I could thank the actor. Had a profound effect on my life.
I do!
An extra 50 tickets were released for tonight. It's hard to know how long they'll last. I'll try to get you an update.
Happy mothers day to my beautiful mother! You are appreciated <3 God bless
oh hip hip hooray, three whole hours with Eddie?!?!........oh and you..
Pope avoids politics at Mass
Let's remember that we are the church and #Christ is the head of this church. Let us glorify him in everything we do, everywhere we go.
I bet that's how you got started in the business, on your knees in lorne michael's office.
Didn't he ride with that older guy too - one with the curb feelers and prescription windshield?
according to my friend , is a great place to pick up women. Wanna go?
“: how do we get the hoodies?” Gotta go to Dundalk location
I love being myself
you Look Amazing Nicky ;)
Omg I got da hook up wer I can pre order any jordans I want ...
Where would I be without spark right now?
Rather have people hating on my shit than not watching it at all.
Did you enjoy your cone ? Thanks for coming out !
Yep it'll be great on that aspect. I'll just have to invent excuses to come out your way now.
How did you get your picture to do that?
Yeah I hear ya on that one, but this one is 100% legit
NFL on FOX & Southwest support the -Tweet using #SWAAFF & Southwest will give $1 for you up to $100,000
it's all about Ray Lewis!
I'm pretty much a hungry hungry hippo today.
nice vid! thanks for putting me in there
#gcyale 's presentation is twisted in the most awesome way.
hahahahha I gotta try that one!
"HI, IM STEVE!"
Ha! It's not nearly as bad as liking your own status on FB.
We have one for each of the 8 crazy nights.
no, it will make you sleepy! Turn away from the delicious food!
Where is your fav San Antonio birthday dinner destination? Need some suggestions..
like seriously it sucks!
my ex wana work it out bitch try yoga !
"With this scene Girls swiftly dispenses with its debt to Sex and the City." Nope--but it tries to. That ghost is alive and well.
Is there a list somewhere? (cc ) RT : One of the many downsides of knowing me, I guess
I always enjoy ur tweets! They keep me informed. Wish I had more time spend on Twitter. Thx for the
we said there were new jobs but it was just 0.4 percent increase . Statistically that's almost flat. Have a good weekend
The BATTLE OF THE BANDS will be taking place this Saturday at the Cock N Bull featuring some of the best bands in the the show starts at 7
lol ill delete it .
(c) & someone else was like "you guys are so stupid...it's the day Jesus was born." and im just here like MY NIGGAS ARE U SERIOUS RIGHT NOW
Check out: Freelance Hair and Makeup Studio $99 Brazilian Blowout ($250 value) See side deal too. www.dailygroupsavings.com
Working on a new 36x36...and some smaller pieces using a FAB orange and HOT pink!!
BBQ at Jenny's
For the record, power out again in St. Paul Summit-University area, including my house.
the way to a boy's heart is through sports. god bless me for knowing sports.
sorry, guy i just cut off in mid-day traffic, i was using baby wipe to scrape 12 days worth of eyeliner off of my face & didn't see you.
I'm exited for the
Upon further review, the ruling on my last tweet has been reversed! TD Spiller.
They were such a great band. :)
perhaps take her home to spend with Uncle L and the fam, I'll be there.
So cute!! I designed the ladybug Tutu Hairbow holder for your daughters room for her birthday, hope you liked it:)
What technology are you using to keep parents up-to-date on events in your classroom?
Thanks, Mary! Hope all's well with you.
Can I take back that text!? Ugh
I'm Vitamixin!!
You Know Our Name not our story . youve heard what weve done not what weve been through. so think before you assume & dont judge. -jccaylen
well we are now...
What is up with these guys
Concerned not all content shows the best of America
Up next Touch Band featuring Go-Go Mickey
haha! That's always fun too! :)
Hey there give us a listen? :) reverbnation.com/unseenbeast
it-is-happening-again...
No, it's okay, bus. Don't stop for me. This broken bench is more comfy than my bed anyway.
RIP! You are truly missed and loved!
just got upended while going up for a header. #SupermanThatHo !
I'm gonna miss what we’ve had in the past and all the memories. I might even get lonely sometimes, but I don’t fucking need you there.
I know how hard yr working&I really appreciate what yr doing!I am a student too, so I perfectly understand! U have all my support
no bad food for a week... starting now
I just love when your into something and when you tell one of your "friends" about it, their all of a sudden into to it too.
#1 fan page for
lol. Hell yes we r doing it....add it to the list
A quite convincing Tom Cruise on Hollywood Blvd passes me dog on his walk home. Yesterday suit w/shades, tonight its Top Gun. Capt Sparrow 2
can the boys give a shoutout to Nicole D from new York and #asktheboyz if they are going to do a call me maybe video:) 50
Get this tranding for Codys mum.
"Proper preparation prevent poor performance."
You got it! Lol RT : if u go to get the nachos with everything on it m
okay!!! Baller..I need more info Baller..Just hit me up Baller
I hate people. They're ridiculous. And cause ridiculous and chaotic situations.
Tomorrow's Archivists Roundtable #webarchiving event at Columbia--sold out! No pressure...
they don't serve you surf & turf in there?
10am - final phase of recovery from my biggest professional failure ever. Read about it on my facebook page
Ice cream social at the office this afternoon. #doinmyhappydance <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
The roads could be a lot safer if your reporters stopped reporting live while driving the streets!
it helps to live close to a road city and have a wife who'll let me go away for days to try.
Nine percent increase in vehicle registrations in #VA. Conflicting consumer sentiment in different sectors?
RT : #SeedCon11 thanks our sponsor , a firm of first choice for clients seeking sophisticated, high-value legal services.
Heading into bryant park.
lol I was there at the very start when it started at 8am :P
Feels better already
Glenn Close in looking divine!!
what time do races start this friday?? and how much does admission cost?? Sounds like a lot of Fun!!!
Need you in my life
PANCAKE LUNCH PARTY NOW
Yes, but you do have to watch a Bucks/Cavs game.
have no Idea what that means but thanks anyway!
Yes! I totally Forgot to ask for that. Thanks for the reminder.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste. ~ David Bissonnett
I love it! x
This project is so dang frustrating -_-"
there SO..SO.. so wat u doing
Thanks for the #ff :-) What's new?
Everybody hit the sack! We're less than 12 hours away from a Colorado State University Men's Basketball game! #Dancin!
PS pls check out -- their lineup this season is awesome, and if you're in #Houston you should *definitely* go. Next one is 11/12!
Is it possible to teleport from bwi to the 2nd floor shower of 1230 irving st nw?
TWEET UP 2nite in castle! RT should really have a tweet-up. I know all these peeps here, but I don't know what they look like!
#ToMyUnbornChild don't dip your pen in the company ink
#choppedallstars Seriously, best episode! Watching how the Iron Chefs come up with dishes is...cool.
Pittsburgh Steelers 2012 Draft Sends Clear Messages: A Fan&#39;s Interpretation
mixing a little mumford in there always makes it better
This game is nuts.
I feel you man. I have electric circuit theory and that class is supposed to be really tough
Thanks for the #mandonna support!
This $16.50 gin & tonic needs its own Twitter account.
My spell check just tried to change "futbol" to "viable". Suck it, soccer haters.
hello world
god! :D & aw, i love babysitting!
ik. :( it makes me sad. Very sad. I hope they come to the state fair, but i don't think they will :(
I am in the Falls:( Damnit! I promise Ill buy you a shot soon!
wearing a bowtie tonight
RT : Check me out! I'll be speaking on a panel for the Women's Association of Realtors. tomorrow - Sky Creek Ranch Golf Club,...
Go giants!! Fumble recovery!
Location picked just need that sick ass beat for the teaser.
Jangan kuatir!! But thank you for your concern haha. Is it almost bed time over there??
Where we're going, we don't need roads.
i'm trying to track down a Villarreal one.
she was ALL OVER Fox News, the only channel we have in Costa Rica.
Thanks! I try.
Our new designs are looking really good. Stay tuned for more information and keep spreading the word about Streamline Apparel!
Stay tuned! *mischievous laugh*
my tummy is full but I keep eating the squash because it taste so good.
shut up Richard!
Interesting interview with Brad Smith, CEO #intuit "CEO venture fund" inside enterprise to give 90 more days to new products, win…
Cameron Wake, Miami Dolphins agree to 4-year, $49 million contract extension - Orlando Sentinel
The future of Librarianship: tech coordinator or literacy based? What are your thoughts?
I'm really <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>when I see you lol
Auggie :) How have you been Bro?
so tired.....but i had to wake up
good morning everyone.happy tuesday.hope this days better than yesterday
Lowry, we LOVE you! xo
I'm back
Grading papers on the bus. Sure beats driving.
Why don't people ever want to talk about Olivia Newton John's rubber monkey face?
saw it 2 weeks ago and still processing the experience
uh, yeah. some people
Well...after a couple hours of cleaning, napping, zoning, eating....I think it's time to start studying again lol
TJ Blog | Beyonce Performs "Run The World" at Billboard Awards
I play.... mjmphotographs is my username
Gettin pumped for work listenin to #superwoman!...bc I am!
Just found this (and Leonard Cohen's new record) on MOG, which is a really great service by the way. Good album.
Pink suit?..that's a man who knows he can ball
okay ill buy us some food:D how they gone meet:o
Now I'M listening to "The Real McCoy", McCoy Tyner. Thanks to What a great album!!!
Keep an eye on for a big announcement tomorrow - we have two new destinations for #studyabroad and summer programs!
luckky! could you tell him to follow me?(:
#Facebook culture is a hack culture. It's the spirit of Facebook culture. Making your activity on fb affect the way you run life.
#WhenImAlone I walk around my house with my dick tucked between my legs.
Heading to Charlotte with tomorrow for #srow2012 #cantwait!
Josh Krajik just had a breathe taking duet w Alanis Morrisette. Chris Rene w Avril Livigne was a lil shaky, but strong finish
love you too honeybun
if im not camping, for suree(:
Off to really start at #CHI2012 - you'll find me at registration this morning.
macbook air + magic mouse = does not work!
So did I! This is my experience curing cane, so I may adjust those times as I watch its progress.
Only 11% of tetanus is fatal? I wish I'd known that before getting the shot. I'd take that over the inability to use my right arm for a week
Watching #MadMen...ah Don, how I've missed you...
RIP Levon, sad news
thanks for the RT :-)
RIP Adam Yauch of Beastie Boys and a champion of independent film.
That salad was delicious I could eat another...
There's a great Don Russell article about America's heritage breweries in this month's magazine. Pick one up today!
THE REFS ARE TRYING TO START A BRAWL "2012 NBA Playoffs"...LET THEM PLAY BALL...KNICKS VS. HEAT
poor guy!
&#9755; Protect Your Kids
Ill take a look at ur site!
THANK GOD!! #RedSox win!
Looking forward to attending "market to market" at poste brasserie tonight!
i wish your EXP could switch over from 360 to PS3
Better day than yesterday. No appointments. No floods.
nun much waddup wit u
I got some perfume samples in the mail today.(:
You're a dirty, dirty stripper.
Feed 4 for $24! One large 2-regular topping pizza, 2 regular garden salads and an order of cheese stix!
wats better m&ms or skittles
I'm eating a whole bowl of popcorn using only my tongue:p
Going to church tomorrow morning with my classmates.
How can the painters life be so dull yet his artwork be full of enchanting views?
i like it!! anything she does is amazing lol. we can do whatever but ill keep listening for some other things too just incase
jealous! Hope you and and you fans have a blast!
That is the thing most people forget these things cost tax payers money, you minimize the incidents, lower security = less wasted tax $
what a great reminder. and how easy it is to forget to do that. thanks. - rick
So this whole time I just kinda assumed #Diablo3 would be released on Xbox. Waiting for a port makes me feel like a PC gamer again ;)
I want to tell you all about it!
how r u chickie? Lunch!!!! Soon !!!
I want one so bad!
justin Has Real Talent
Let no man despise your youth; but be an example of the believers, in word, in conduct, in love, in spirit, in faith, in purity.Timothy 4:12
ohh ill be your lil mama butt cels is my baby mama forever <3
Haha. We do have some pretty interesting conversations when we're stoned.
Staying up all night dreaming.
Happy Birthday Kristen Stewart
Hey i loved your cover for On My Mind!! u sing really good!...could you please follow back? : )
I'll be in ABQ in August if u can wait :-)
did you meet the goal of 3 females?
Good that they're bringing on De Jong..got ot get Valencia in now!!
Big #Kentucky decision coming up. Wonder if their underclassmen will take their talents to South Beach?
Cherish every moment you have with a person, because you never know when they might be gone
I love logical fallacies! Nice find!
Love the Jose Bautista story. Great pick!
Pierce The Veil - The Sky Under The Sea.
I have a big surprise for this girl on the last day of school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Woo!!!!hehe im expected!!
RT : Guess who just got back today?<---Baby?
We hope you enjoyed your visit to our park!
we may have to agree to disagree. We see vanguards and laggards in all #WI's public school models. Our best for CT
if only there was free gelati day...
I missed such a good Dodger game!
Check out our promo product-oriented theater presentations, on the hour, all week: #PPAI booth 4353
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Greek Islands - Mediterranean (live updates)
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
Fast moving game so far
30% off markdowns at today- rumor has it they've started marking down the first round of spring gear!
I guess that I I just thought that maybe you could pick me
I have this vague empty feeling like something is missing today...Newt Gingrich?
I'm using Jade + Stylus + CoffeeScript on my projects. You should give them a try.
SEO NEWS: 6 Changes Every SEO Should Make BEFORE the Over-Optimization Penalty Hits - Whiteboard Friday
Firecrackers are going off in my neighborhood. Sounds like I'm in the hood. lol.
no but after your tweet I just might :)
Thanks for well wishes. We will DEFINITELY stay safe and tell you all about it when we get back.
morning Paris! :)
curiosity Tory Burch flats wholesale an ideal | SEA STONE ...
Master Ace x Doom. Good news to wake up to that they have a date for there collaborative albums. Dope
You mean the Grabowski.
Now on to retrieving articles & books for faculty research and teaching.
Actually you are a child.
“: hey what's good nothing much bout to hop in the shower & get ready for work & you!!”have a good day ttyl
wait, does that mean it's bad?
Nothing but <3; congrats...will miss you MT 18 employees, incl. 3 columnists, accept retirement offer
completely sucks. some of the best shows on TV get completely ignored for stupid reasons.
Thank you for your mention.
supporting that age old adage - any #PR is good PR?
What does #fullsquared do when bored? Edit, edit and experiment with #HDR photography
Todd Glass' coming out of the closet on was sponsored by stamps.com.
Blueberry pancakes for dinner
The new joints "Mercy" & "Theraflu" are TOUGH. Everything the dude touches is fire. I hope to work with him in the studio 1 day..
Great to meet you too Larry.
25% off discount code: Survival.... LunatikClothing.com Check it
At Baraonda in Atlanta!
remember: an expert is always someone from out of town, overseas, moreso.
ABCDEFG, One Direction's chasing me, Harry's mad, Liam's blue, Niall is chasing me with food.
Thanks everybody for the tweets and texts, sorry if I don't reply but I read every single one of them and I love all of you
he proposed to her she said yes so next week he was going to see her to propose properly
Usher- You make me wanna
Welcome new FUELers from , , & ! We had 23 new members sign up yesterday! Woot!
Sick to the stomach #:(
AMAZING. I WAS CRYING. OMG THIS DESERVES A RT
#FF Out antidepressants then self medicate, may I suggests
Give the gift of Pampering! Purchase a $100 Premier Gift Certificate & receive a $25 bonus card for any Premier Salon & Spa service!
is full of great interesting tweets. Open up your mind and follow today.
Ohh i see, I hate tweet limit ha /:
Happy Sunday... If your happy and you know it clap your hands.. *clap clap*<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Love hanging out
yes let's definitely get together! Dm me when you can.
i know u get swamped on here. But just wanna say you were the best. You were my favorite wrestler of alltime and always will be.
I do what -I can sissey. Today was a good day!
14 degrees outside does not make Ben a happy camper
How is this an effective marketing tool?
PIXEL....I've been painting thousands of PIXEL's on the new 48x60 PIXEL-Micro Multi....a soon to be show stopper by MIKELPATRIK!
let's get slutty.
nice work!! “: My Mac App, Scribe, is featured for the 5th week in a row on the Mac App Store!!!”
Everytime I listen to Pensacola, that one part always reminds me of those Free Credit Score commercials. But I love it.
Yes! That's just good science...
I'm gonna do nothing but eat and cry all night.
Send us your footage so we can share it!!!
I love you
Is your house looking scary? Let us make it look spooktacular again! We love giving free estimates.
I'm a #bottom, #top, #sideways, #diagonal,
Yeah, I was 15 minutes late to my cousin's wedding once and just about missed the whole thing.
I highly doubt Iron Man, Thor, Captain America, and The Hulk can beat Superman, Batman, Wonderwoman, and The Flash. They're more, but yeah.
Can we just rave already?!?
you ain't ever Hittin my phone fool!
Penalty party.
why do you say that? I always got you bro!(:
This kid needs to be in my Tech Leadership class. He set up 22 teachers iPads today!
I love Weeds. D:
RT ": and this is only the first day of the lesson #uhoh"
Dump everyone else on the show #thevoice and keep only #Jessie and
#TT have a smiley Tuesday
I'm at this store on the parkway. But I need another job. I can't get one though until after vacation.
smh ready to take these vitamins. I'll be knocked out within 20 minutes.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. I hope you all have a great day!
And then you come around (:
hahahahaha yeah cause i threw gatorade on you. Your a dumbass
Oh, there are lots of examples on YouTube. I'm assuming that, if it trended, WWE was full of them tonight.
You Rock!
Bruce Harrell just spoke asking for the endorsement for City Council Pos. 3. Brad Meacham is up.
Dishonesty also exists when u are not being true to what is in your heart.. not that you are lying.. but ur not walking in your truth!
This juice I made is so GOOD;
If really is the Brett Favre I know and love, Toni is about to lose a large chunk of JareBearTime. Bromance
I went in for the kill. Asap, pronto.
Boarding soon. Slightly delayed departure.
and i just got done with thermo middie #bars?
not as much as the Bulls but yeah they were so inspiring last year, I respect them a lot!
Can anyone tell me why anything Manny Pacquiao says is remotely relevant?
It's #FF! Here r a few great tweeple u should follow:
I'm onto your shady ass....
ok how do u do it like contact ppl or wat
Remember to always use the hashtag #DesignBizChat in your tweets!
This may make me sound like a Mission hipster chick, but Ryan Gosling looks pretty fucking cool with his face drenched in blood.
please wrestle the undertaker next year at wrestlemania!
I had chocolate cake before, so that helps :)
... have you all read 's tweets lately? ...
Crocs made $1 billion dollars last year. WTF, world.
Finally back writing after grad school - it feels good to do something creative after 18 months of academia.
: watching the super bowl DVD, he was a great player and seemed to be a better teammate.
Characteristics of extreme high performers including Apolo Ono is that they find a way to change the game.
thanks! Glad you like it! ;)
The new GA tag is UGLY! Shit look like paper! Who designed that shit!? Smh
Molecular phylogeny of grunts (Teleostei, Haemulidae), with an emphasis on the ... - 7thSpace Interactive (press release)
PSanders new single ! ^-^
s/o ratzstar good look on the follow
Welcome back! What phone did you get?
congrats on ya gangsta tweet
lololol pretty much did you watch it?
Thanx for the follow!
If you miss 's broadcast of the National Dog Show you can always watch or re-watch it on starting at 2 PM Thanksgiving Day!
is at the W hotel is Scottsdale. gorgeous!
So is emily going to go crazy on the grave cause last preview she was goingoff
And the unstoppable hockey continues ...
no shades??? O.k I see ya nice avi btw
Don't be fooled! It is very possible to do a good performance and have a bad audition if you don't handle the interview sections correctly.
We still love this - "I don't think meals have any business being deductible. I'm for separation of calories and corporations"
all I want to do is sleep.
it must suck to not have support from ur home fans smh.. win or lose, ur fans should b there. but i c alot of empty sixers seats smh shame!
com, shares some tips and the journey that any gamer might encounter:
"""Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquility""."
stop lying cry baby
hey omar did you atleat get the first down.
It's a beautiful day in the Bay!
sure i got you
“Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.” -Henry Rollins
Dawn mass starts today. Wish I could attend but I'm so far away from home.
Why is ESPN making a big deal about opening night in Miami? I know it is opening night but,it's Miami.
:( sad to hear you'll be leaving Madison but best of luck in the future!
#RandomShoutout to ! Go follow!!
Sure, will let you know for sure!
that for the bunny! He's cute. :)
Some things u should just buy online & not ask if it's carried in store (what i thought when a lady asked where the vaginal wipes were).
Mini IU SNC anniversary going down tonight
u like abs
Now, they can use their mobile phones and they aren't cheated at the market.
I miss u and the Fam too! Tell everyone I said hey! :)
If anyone says, "I #love God," yet hates his brother, he is a liar. (1 John 4:20)
Today's Declaration: I NEVER GIVE UP
I HATE accounting with the greatest passion!
It has been a while since I've wanted to see a movie a second time in theaters. But today I am watching "The Avengers" again.
“: hey, follow me back please:)” Hi! I'm following:)
It's not fun untill you get frostbite
Sick with flu of some-kind.... Or terminal cooties. Either way- it's bad news.
I went over my credit card limit this month, but my credit score went up. I could spend a lot more if it helps.
thanks for the follow and for joining!
Nah but Chris Willis did mention it during the last five minutes! I kept it a secret :)
I drink #KeystoneLight 'cause I feel like it.
great! Consider it already loved then!
the alcohol solution seems popular. Now which variation shall I try first, rubbing or the kind in fancy bottles?
I hate watching him fight lol it makes me nervous!!!
My painter contacted his boss to say "Ben the black paint doesn't match" but his boss got "boo I like black bitches" =-O
my free time in the mornings this week were entirely devoted to reading. it took precedence over working out. a different but nice escape.
rounding out the night with #NurseJackie. wow! the first 2 mins are cray cray! now this show i love and look forward to every week
amazing! Congratulations!
Reminder: Tonight's Spurs Game Night React with begins at 10pmC
We dig your sound. When and where is your next show in Nashville?
I predict Man U will win 2-1
A man with Jordan Shorts, boxers, a white v-neck tee, Jordan sandals and a fitted. Omg So sexy to me!!
im so proud of, 8 million views in 1 day ? thats freaking AMAZING :) i love you so much. please follow me ? <3
Enjoy! RT : you'll have a great time! If you can stop and check out the menu too! Take pics :)
whoaa. your bad a$$ !
hahahaha oh I miss her
Media had finally stopped floating a return to the Big East. RT : I bet BC fans feel disrespected no one is floating BC leaving.
baby likes but I prefer mich ultra
Nice time on cruise w the boys... Gonna enjoy next two weeks in ny until Wsop crush time
Either of you know if the Pinetoppers will be back this season?
Wow! 20% off everything on our sites. use coupon "thanks20" and enjoy! Let me know that you ordered from the facebook site.
ROCK. ON.
Some fun hashtags so you can follow the conversations concerning the Texas Snow
When I fangirl about Ari, someone just HAS to say "Why are you so obssessed?? She's normal like everyone else!" HAHAHAHAH! no.
Met Ethel Kennedy had the opportunity to tell her RFK was my first campaign at 14
So yall turned it on? Cuz its been off since Y2K. Guess it got a short or somen. Only glimpses of good music here & there.
we have very different schedules. Now Im stuck considering whether 2 just stay up or to get a few hours of sleep and hope i wake up
Hey Tiara! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
My son Birthday today we gonna hit up a good restaurant!
And let the shitshow begin. Love this place with Nicole and and the waldek
sometimes.. i wish i could like go back and reverse alot of the things ive done. i feel like a bad person all the time.
oh. You mean there really are ppl who take them srsly? Thought it was an Onion thing. (I joke)
YOU'RE A SLUT. I HATE SLUTS.
Shark Diving in Cape Town South Africa today!
Thank you sweet baby Jesus for giving me who is allowing me to nap on her couch wile my apartment is being shown
school startsn tomorrow :( goin to khols after school :D
Join us November 11 & 12 at for fresh pork rinds, Dr. Pepper-braised pork belly & of course liquid nitrogen Caipirinha Sorbet
happy #TroyTuesday (: #missandloveyou bunches! Hope u remember me :p <3
do you know about ? I hear good things.
Actually prefer the graffiti to the ugly brown paint they use to cover it up.
Bills the new "Dream Team"?
:D so tell me a little bit more about yourself :D
#RelationshipsAre a mystery and a journey
you used to hate the village until i showed you the light
On average cats sleep 16 to 18 hours per day
The #1 thing you can do to improve as a coach is to..."Talk to people, learn about the people you're around everyday." -
Heyy Love your BG! it's adorable! and your icon is very attractive ;]
Feelin' lucky? Lol will I get lucky? :P I got u, boo
#thoughtsduringschool I hate Everyone here
the Internet can be wrong...? Does. Not. Compute.
had a moment before going to mr. tkc where i told myself to start being a proud alumna. is it possible? ...we'll see.
so its bielema's fault that 3 qb's are injured? Should his recruiting class be all qb's? Also way to ignore B. Houston in 11
I think I get out of school next Wednesday. Well I hope so lol.
One of the worst trends in corrections is charging inmates or their families for the cost of keeping them locked up. Counter-productive!!!
Im so pissed off I could just say my phrase of the day.oh what the hell.. OH BALLS!! there I said it....great wtf now!tryin 2 stay positive!
I wanted to make fun of Santorum for dropping out, but apparently his daughter's health is at least part of it. So I'll just say good luck.
Is it just me or does anyone love when you ask to gain followers you lose them :( RT
I have over 70 on the list,thinking about cutting many and we will roll with the #wise aka the bottom feeders get #Info is key $$$
sorry! not the worst, just the busiest! it could still happen before i leave for seattle...
Man I wish a was in Australia right now to see
Thankful for the easy and the hard.
Hi friends! Remember to post your Wix sites before tomorrow's class, I'm e-mailing Dr. Ahn the names of those who have completed!
please tweet me sumtymzz :)
thank you for following us.
Making every moment count. In Faith, In Love & In Life.
aren't you familar with making custom t shirts?
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
Straight Edge hardcore runnin' through my veins.
Eat Crustaceans for a Cure! Love that is whippin' up an "Ode to the Lobster" menu for Get there!
same here. Brandon wants to try the car but we don't want to deal with moving it all the time.
Great -- so happy to have had such a productive day!! I know it's only lunch time there, but I should be getting ready for dinner!
Had a good show tonight. Thanks to all who came out!
the Knicks phil Jackson next year
Not sure what you're responding to. "Pulling a Fredi" from last night? I was just making another Fredi joke."Doing it wrong"=Fredi.
Anderson Cooper just busted out laughing in a talk about a Dingus party on his 360 show..Crazy how he couldn't contain himself!!
Good luck! ": After tomorrow's celebration, it's officially interview season. I have to sharpen my skills."
have fun
You know! If your twitter game ain't right, YOU ain't right! Lmao
And cause of that, I'll forever love that song. When we get like 30, 35 and have get togethers I'ma play that and get it poppin lol
MT : ...remarks by Gene Nichol: How will you take action to create access for all?
nothing funny to say
Talking to my ex....
RT : As #career coaches, we can support our clients' success, et we can't secure their success
#Bunnarchy was amazing! If I threw a themed pub crawl for Cinco de Mayo daytime, would you be interested? It's on a Saturday this year.
www.aaron.tv search for other lifeforms
omg you can call ?!? What's the number ?!?! ;O
That's actually what we were all thinking.
#funfacts to #avoidinjuries Muscle strains are caused by sudden contraction of a muscle.... meaning you better warm up and stretch!!!!
That reminds me - we still need to hang out! Maybe for chocolate-bacon crepes once I survive my proposal?
how does the NFL determine which FA's teams get a comp pick for?
<U+200E>Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem make sure you are not in fact,surrounding yourselves w/ assholes. W. Gibson
YES! PRT : GoJackGo! <3 “: It's time for a Friday #TwitterBomb. Tweetbomb We'll start: We love you Jack! #fact”
UK Vogue April 2012 : Sienna Miller by Ryan McGinley ..<U+2665>.
RT : RT this if you're attending #NMSA2011 in Louisville, KY! #passiondriven I can't wait!
85% on the midterm I didn't study for? Ill take that.
thanks! looking forward to getting the goodies :)
Hi Michael, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you understand & engage w/ your customers. Follow 2 DM?
hug jay for 35 minutes straight :3
That is endearing... Both the bee battle and its unintended consequences.
FF he cracks me up. stupid criminals.
will you please follow me....i have been asking you for 2 months and it has not happend but i will keep saying never say never
"There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask 'Why?'...I dream of things that never were, and ask 'Why not?' " ~ Robert F Ke
Ooh I'm going to start getting mothers day gifts yay!!!
Great! That area is so pretty and will inspire you! We need to find Taylor a good place. She's gonna be homeless soon!
Having a bad day, I wish followed me that would make my life not just my day
Finally saw the movie "Bully" and heard director speak. Very powerful and moving. I recommend it to all!
oh noes! I forgot!
lol sounds good to me...
hey girl this is mommy Robyn sending u kisses xoxo
Forgot to register online for todays prep class? No worries, you can register at the door! $15 At Galaxy Dance from 3-5! See you there :-)
oh that's good too though! : )
Our latest episode, Consumer Electric Show, featuring is available on today!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH you right I will never starve unless you take to long to feed me
I Think Im In Love, Love, Love, Love, Love !
“: Ill always thank for showing me ”—You're Welcome
I am very good at handling fire, also a great swimmer.
May you stay forever dumb
At Newark airport...my Edgar award was hauled out and tested by security. Somehow appropriate. Talked security guard into buying a copy.
you two must be the best looking gentleman in the big apple!
when my mom says "judgin you."
wtf ur finally coming to new york on my birthday :'( my parents probably won't let me go omg fml :(
feeling good after a zumba workout ;) ; new month so you know what that means!!! expect to hear some new songs this sunday!!
sometimes you just have to call. Otherwise your fingers will get sore from typing all the careful qualifications to your answer
She got SUCH a crappy bunch!
nj cure auto insurance quotes | Quote Backgrounds
My brother started a new game of Skyrim four days ago and is already level 50
They're almost as annoying as the stupid "LMS for a rate and a TBH" posts on Facebook...
Im Ready to go to church now
I wish there was a Chipotle on north campus...I'm pretty sure i would live there
Ahww I'm sorry!
Have been weirdly addicted to this season, not sure why. But Arsenio is one of the final 3.
trynna get dis album finished and need some major inspiration! N E Ideas?
Learn from the past, Hope for the future, Live in the present.
Awesome. RT : Girl, I'd totally put your name first on a scholarly publication we collaborated on.
Thanks for the retweet and cannot wait to get outside myself.
Sometimes, only one person is missing, and the whole world seems depopulated.
what do you mean? I'm in nyc right now, but need to get to the airport soon to come see YOU!
i loved the warm comforter feeling so much that i decided to spill pizza on it so i had to wash and dry it again tonight.
I love working out.
I agree the event thing is a big hurdle. It is so nice to see folks think bigger. My goal is 2 find 1 person at a time.
We're hiring for exp CNC Operators for a MKE area client! Mill/Lathe operation set up and programming exp req! Contact us today for info!
Activation level similar. But good degree of sponsor fluctuation. Tapout, BSN down/out. Dodge, MetroPCS, Edge in/up.
and why u took 2 battles after we spoke with 2 femals that had A 0% chance as u said??
I know take away the wind & it's shorts weather here.
Next up, our winner in the state of Wisconsin...
Die Cut Window Decals at NYC Printing 123. Cut out graphic designs for your decals. Printed and ready in no time. Call NYC Printing 123...
Kimberly's daughter didn't know how to make tomato soup. Can your kid do it?
must sleep....
Yes, please use the linksys.
Its fucken hard to drive! Too much dirt! It makes it hard to see!!!
Waco its going to be a long day! Listen to some new music!
Event w/ 300 young Columbus peeps coming up. We need food, beverages & such... I smell a great marketing opportunity. Contact me.
Jack Handey Deep Thoughts~ In weightlifting I dont think sudden uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you.
Congrats to the first team to signup for Summer. TEAM (Diggin Deep) for: Summer Co-ed Grass Volleyball at Oregon Park Mondays
when are you coming to pittsburgh?
Learned how to tap a keg today. My face got a blast of beer in it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Now beer in the ear. Blah.
So very proud of my cousin Noel for being included in the Prince's Trust once again. He has such talent.
you got xbox live homie?
": If u see this Text me :)"dont have ur number genius
spain quick facts
hey Goodmorning how are you ?
I am done wishing, I'm into doing and fuck hoping for the best I'm praying for the best...
yea but, its still a sweetner...lol m so strict lol
LOL I was thinking the same thing! The GOP is gettin crazy with the propaganda.
is that you're giving it all away! RT What you must know about your facial expression
thank you! It was a great event!
I hope Cotto rocks Floyd Mayweather tonight .
Soy de Chicago...w/ sabor SW! RT : sampled one of those new Veggie Burritos and it was DELISH!
Mongolian bbq for lunch, Nile.
Cue the spinning top! RT : that dream app is like Inception. Cue Leo and Joseph Gordon-Levitt!!
OMG I DONT KNOW WHO TO TWEET AT!!!!
Haha :) same here though! And its only the beginning
These are absolutely AWESOME! How did you approach the digital divide? (students not having access to cameras/internet)?
Running in a 5K this morning doesn't exactly sound like an ideal way to spend a Saturday morning.
believe me , I don't need you and your artificial followers. Do you know who i am?
Big Sean went in on KO. It's probably my favorite piece of his.
we should talk business dm me
thanks Erik!
one good thing about taking a lot of photos, you can look at them and reminisce about times past
wtf? i was on the official site about 2 hours ago and now this pops up? MON quits? not good!
I'm Hungry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Im the first
Latest addiction: Greek olive hummus.
RT : It's an asbolute MESS on the roads! Follow 's to stay up-to-date during your morningcommute
Listening to on Pandora!!! I love !!
Dirk nowitski should grow a mighty Thor beard
Got invited 2 Rexam's Monday evening reception Bevis Co. tossed me a cocktail coaster for its afternoon schmooze.
Guy limps 800,I make it 3.2k with KK,he says "okay lets see it" puts in 3200 chips with about 400 behind,i show my cards,my hand is dead.
dude what's up I never see you around anymore...?
#ADPonCampus at San Diego State University! Come visit and to hear about our #sales positions.
Congrats on another amazing quarter ! En Feugo!
Mother bleeping bleep @%#$. SUNday funday is hard without the sun. 2nd week in a row. I'm about to have a serious talk w/ the man.
Hello! It has been too long since I've seen you in my list!
I have that side of our team coverage of the recall coming up at 10
haha stay tuned working on creepy pics
Hey L.A. People - RT FREE SHOT FRIDAY at The Coffee Bean on Larchmont means FREE shot of espresso added to any drink!
Happiness is a snuggly kitty friend!
no problem .. what's ur nationality btw?
Murderous black cat from Stephen King short story
do you think that you could give us some pointers on our site? Oh and we would love to team up and feature your artists. :)
one direction with out niall horan its just the wrong direction
We're here for a reason; we are all broken.
A woman can transform everything that they touch. We are a backbone, what makes a men stand. Value.
Love your roomie Brandi! She is one amazing woman. Smooches to you both!
I DON'T like Techno!! .....w/ a passion!
Q: whose digital advice should I trust? says a strategist, practitioner and people who talk about business results.
thank you so much! im glad you are enjoying the stuff! our music is on itunes if you're interested
... "Warren?" she questioned. "Dead," was all he answered ... 'The Death of the Hired Man'...
Awww. I'm so sorry:,( Hope you're alright...
i will not stop calling.
I just finished putting music on this old mans ipod he beta be happy with what he got!
hah, yes, definitely. Its fucking 1984, except worse. The story itself and the way dude tells it is just LEGIT though.
waiting for Matthew Kirschenbaum's talk "Stephen King's Wang: The Literary History of Word Processing"
i agree to everything! and I'm glad you don't hate my guts, haha
FA cup final day... Come on you blues
yes ma'am! Alright. Bed time. Best of luck with Lion. Goodnight!
As NY debates health insurance exchange, NY shld copy WI's ACCESS. If NY simplified eligibility 400k more wld have health insurance.
Love it!
Registration for Core courses runs from today until 1/23. Students can file petitions from 9-5 daily in 202 Hamilton.
Aye, them boys is out today. At least in bmore they are. I forgot it was st patrick's day.
it's friday . one more week till six flags :o
how was everyone's #weekend? I caught a glimpse of the #sundaynightfootball game...epic
Wait 4 hrs for a game. Finally someone starts the mustmove with me. Buys in 40bbs and hit and runs me after 20hands. This is not poker.
If you need someone to do hawt/creepy whispered voiceovers, just let me know. I can nail that shit in one take.
Dear I'd love to, but for the second day this week your service is down.
Super pumped for tonight's HE. I love it always, but especially j hughes references.
people looking for rides...get out of here.
I'm sure it's nice to be back! I miss the water! We need to catch up soon...
#ImGoingToTheBTWBall when comes to Missouri!
New plan: move to Berlin, die happy.
I don't like breathing second-hand smoke, but I do not support the ban, especially at federal level.
Possibly the largest post-surgical e-collar I've ever seen a dog outfitted with.
The dumbest people I know are those who know it all. Malcolm Forbes
I'm basically the post break up police. Mending broken hearts is a part of the job
Marlins sign Mark Buehrle for 4 years $58 Million
The biggest mistake people make in life is not making a living at doing what they most enjoy. - Malcolm S. Forbes
Ain't been on here in a lil bit twitter whats poppin?
yes, i'll support you in it FOR NOW.
I honestly don't understand peoples obsession with my ass. It is not that serious! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
did you find it?!
depends. if i kno her 4 a min keep going. if I dnt, put a new one on
bc we live in a very remote area (can't see streets or houses) but when we move to KS in 6mo we'll be in the city.
shuffling is all the rage xD learn . lmao.
www.abpcopy.com Check us out!
How are you? What have you been up to? Been a minute.
get a new phone
hell yeah I'm happy! Haha, Have fun at work tomorrow. :p
It is going to be a beautiful day on the water here at Lake of the Ozarks! Was on the water yesterday with old school mate. Great time!
:( you're going. i'm making griffin invite you.
thanks for the #follow!
Hey thanks Maura! Hope to see you around some time soon :)
and secession in 2013! :)
4 days and counting till my move to mansion flats. so stoked about my new neighborhood! can't wait to get lost and meet new ppl!
Beauty is an ecstasy; it is as simple as hunger. There is really nothing to be said about it. It is like the perfume of a rose: you can...
#wmnldrs Pat Nazmetz Chief HR officer of Xerox begins by congratulating us for bringing over 300 women together!
Hey it's BK, Here comes Easter weekend, what classic rocker would you like to see rise from the dead?
Of course you're loved :) Did i mention I am from the moon?? :D
I accidentally showed the lady next to me a picture of a diseased testicle. Beware email from librarians.
man eating that entire bag of generic licorice was such a good idea...need to bring bigger lunches
If I was hulk strong, I'd rearrange my room every weekend.
Guy jogging along dirt path by Sligo Creek -- barefoot. #crazyornot?
What's popping folks its Friday party time lol
Enjoying Bang Bang Boom at Nouveau Antique Art Bar. Art-bar.net
yep - right across the street from the library. Hit me up if you're ever in the mood to grab lunch or happy hour.
My mouth is watering thinking about the deal we have lined up tomorrow.
The office is in Penn Field; not sure who's there, but stop on by!
Everyone always talks shit, so what?
$30/month, No Activation Fee, USB Modem costs only $49.99. Works here, San Antonio, Austin. Will that be VISA or MASTERCARD?
Chess in the Schools College Bound Student to be interviewed on WNBC 7:00pm news on Aug. 9th
Build - Measure - Learn
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!!!!!! ;) #follow?
you better not take Sundial. Lottery.
Great tackle Stewart!
Huh. Thanks for letting me know! A virus is the last thing I need...
I got a good laugh out of that one. Btw, that kid on the show was amazing!
Sure. We are a week away from drywall and a month from completion.
2 days and counting. Do you have your tickets yet? goo.gl/Yy5SJ
So ready for this week to be over... Praying for a snowday
God Bless that Indonesian ELF who died.. And you are awesome!! Even your last tweet is on your biased!!.
what's good with that final exam you know when it is?
Thank God for pain killers.
7/35 people showed up to this class...
As opposed to a week? =P
T-Maze and his mystery lot! Still working out huh dude?
Wee Rescue will be at the Arboretum Petco with all the Wees this Saturday from 10 - 12. Come say HI!
true. And Fiona's coming.
Who do you relate to most on reality TV today? And you spent some time on , didn't you?
That wasn't an earthquake that just happened in San Fran.
sorry and yeah I did his name is gill McGillicuddy and he's from FINland haha get it
everyone please follow my N.B.T. Buddies
bars and bars with golf cart transportation im bored with drinking
talk about some people being on their period today! jeesh.
Metal News from Las Vegas; Jake E Lee has been spending a lot of time in the studio with "Beggars and Thieves". More to follow.
All the big auction houses are there...cards market is in decline but memorabilia I believe is booming...no kids in either market
parent:ok keep quit will mommy is talking.kid:SCREAMS.parent:i am sorry about that.she gets home,DID I NOT TELL YOU TO BE QUIT.kid :did you?
RT L Breezy!!! Honored to have talented people show up! RT : yessir ! I'll be in the house
#gayisok now can get married.
Be careful who you trust and who they trust.
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time .
Shirley temples. Yummy!
Yes, truly fascinating! How do I learn how to create and care for one? Great idea.
good to hear man! :)
I did NOT break the escalator. It auto stops when something gets jammed. My boot's sole, and my soul, should be reparable.
We're glad you make them! ;) Keep up the great work!
Going wear my hair crazy tomorrow making a bet with my sister and uncle
Alcoholism Statistics Survey Is Released By Down To Earth Video Ltd.
Hey Shopping events tonight! Trunk show ; Thirsty Thurs ; Charity Shopping
This day just needs to fly by.
that might cannibalize the fakegrimlock brand ;)
is on the clock with the Redskins...dare he take Peter Konz? dun dun dun
Zillow, Inc. already is a broker in Texas, they just haven't done any transactions...yet.
When your tweets are indirectly towards me & its obvious.
now I'm really sad :(
So, the next level just means "upstairs"! Best of luck, keep in touch.
Good win.. Headed to grub and then game at 7pm.. My son is showing his all around game.. Guarding positions 1-5. Not bad..
Its far from over!
thanks I aim to please
no... beyond that. Ugh 4 to close? Kill me now.
Thank you for your service. :) RT : Goodbye it's been a life changing experience. Thank you.
"You don't need more time, you just need to decide" - Seth Godin
My brain is a bit frizzled. I keep switching between editing technical documents and writing a wedding ceremony.
the #classless is to the doubters!
I respect Chris Brown, his talent is incredible, but let me be myself or unless if you want me 2quit the session. Datgum this musicIndustry!
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm. Is that ankle bracelet state provided?
i need to travel... the galaxy...
If anyone catches me singing in my car, my immediate reaction is to stare at them until it is equally awkward for both of us.
that's a lot of cupcakes.
It's embarrassing reading blogs where the bloggers so obviously want to be unpaid A&R reps.
Shower Time (:
i sad is not there
nice, thanks anyway!
Making a semi-conscious effort to harness Twitter. Oh shit, is that Louis C.K.? Following.
And these folks too!
such an energetic crowd that cheered on tonight for their 26 home game win vs Great basketball.
it does seem a big change, but could be your last Rx was slightly undercorrected, let me know if you want me to take a look
BBQ Kettle chips, and granola/raisins/sunflower seeds/walnut/choc chips..& ginger ale..extra deliciousness. =)
You and many others disagree but I don't consider it sport if guy is out on his back & opponent can jump on him/bash his face.
In the studio w/ and unique beats picking out tracks for their EP coming soon!
I know it was like ages ago! :( Nothing much just came home wbu?
found ya. Good times in Philly soon!
Check out - definitely seems like a #DCDrinkUp type of place!
NOW SAG
more shows featuring drag etc is a dream come true even if it's a cooking show
heck ya!!
The Daou tune!!
Oh, the note that left the media is wonderful. Best of luck to him and his family.
Will not be tweeting during NFL draft as I'm to attend the Marvel screening of The Avengers w Draft anger will be on tape delay!
get chu some
Watching Chronicle for the first time! This movie is sick
&quot;How to Increase Online Sales with a Little Marketing Moxie&quot; From ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Damn jealous because Chilli wants to come to me SMH
Calculus in an hour. Suhweet.
I love how is running the directioner world! Now 70K followers and growing :) Just have one thing to say... Mo!
If you're tired, rest. If you're hungry, eat something. The opportunity to exercise will still be there. CG Philosophie.
I'm in the mood for a great dress & a happy hour. Martinis!
/ Twitter says to follow you. What are you doing that I should be concerned with?
hahaha I am :( schools over, now we can hang out :)
Going to bed with the tv on, just so I can feel like people are around me. I know people are here for me, but I've never felt so lonely :(
So hard to care about all these classes, I never used to feel this way haha..just wanna be done.
CHEER HER UP WITH A TWEET BOYS<3;)
Fun Fact of the Day: Since July of 1995, 31,335,181 people have come to an event at the Rose Quarter!
at the Google Dev house right now. Where are you?
Thanks for the mention!
Have a blessed new year
Filmed new video last night. Thanks to all who helped in the process .
thanks for keepin the faith buddy. Topped it all off with a Cinnabon. Not kidding.
Good night, Robert...
So car shopping is very stressful and disappointing there are really no good deals and everyone wants you to pay sticker...no thanks
Tweeps! Only 3 more days to use your 15% discount...make it count! Pass it on, follow us for the discount code...
stylistically, the infographic is fine, but in terms of valuable data presented in an easily digestable way, I agree- not well done.
hi hon good morning to you too hope its a good one
El Pastor wishes everyone SafeFun!!
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, and always with the same person.
Words are more treacherous and powerful than we think - Jean-Paul Sartre *Say what you mean and mean what you say. Always.*
Let's hope the morning goes by fast so I can get back to her <3
oohhh I wish I had some of that here...thank u so much for the well wishes. Hope you have a beautiful day!
Happy happy Birthday!!!! <3 : )
Paul's Boutique is a treasure. Unlike any hip hop record of its era. The Dust Brothers produced a classic. It mesmerized me.
In Berkely Springs, WV for the weekend.
Happy Birthday to our Tournament Host - hope you're having a great day!!
I wanna dress up as a homeless person, carry a baby, make up some crazy story and loiter around in the subways to see how much $ i can make
Happy birthday to the homie :)
hey luviess it's here
“: can and please tour together again? PLEASE!!” I second this notion
Improve your spare moments and they will become the brightest gems in your life. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Is completely in awe of God's unexpected blessings! So thankful he is in control!!
ONLY IF YOU GIVE ME A TIME. I RARELY PROVIDE ONE, SO DON'T JUDGE.
Adult co-worker just used #smh on work IM. I have a new found love/respect for him.
That Hobbit article really has me worried now...I hate that "made-for-TV" look that the critics are describing. 48 fps brings that out...
: looking forward to your tweets! Great day.
Its going to be another beautiful day!!!
yay followed me (:
HS softball: Sun Prairie's Nicole Hoffman with an rbi triple to give SP a 4-3 lead over Poynette in top 8
A Wise Fool-Tips To Help You Avoid Being Audited » A Wise Fool
"What do I look like! A charity house?" -me, when my roommate uses three squares of my toilet paper.
The Avengers - A Movie I can honestly say that I have no interest, or no desire to see. I know, I'm in the minority here. Waiting for TED
Despite crazy PGH traffic I made it out of the city & am on my way to #AAM2012. Currently eating sad french fries in Chicago.
Let's be fair...EVERYONE knew that the team to beat in the west was OKC...it's the only team in the west that can actually play the lakers
Their definition: "socialism", any govt or pol that wants 2 help poor (at all) &/or tax the rich (at all)
The flowers outside the Reynolds Club were alive, well, and still stickered this morning.
After a tragic chocolate milk spill onto my #blackberry and a week of drying time, my curve is working again...
Chin up, buttercup, it'll happen! This time of the semester is crazy anyway. I'll take you on a date, if you'd like - #froyo? :)
Looking good Jane. Blondes do have more fun!
“The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.” - Rainer Maria Rilke
ill have that money real soon
Read my bio. I'm a Marlins fan, but respect the roots!
I just did lol
I'm trying to study but my eyes are slowly closing shut :x
Join for a free #wine tasting Thursday from 5-9pm @ Montage Wine Bar & Tasting Room. 304 Liberty St., Morris, IL, 60450
Sectionals tomorrow.....against number 1,2, and 3 in state for the 200m....
#TheAvengers was freaking awesome! Hulk was a beast!
My dad can't take me to school tomorrow so I have to go alone )))))):
70-year-old Portlander fell and broke both hips after trying to squeeze into a pair of skinny jeans.
Friday: toys for tots benefit. even if you hate us, you don't even need to watch us just please drop by something for these kids. <3
Great meeting you this past weekend at MF, have questions for you but can't find your email!? Please post it.
just bought her monthly (!) metrocard, and has managed to not get lost thus far. :)
I wish If was a Fifth of that vodka...
23 A chicken farmer also has some cows for a total of 30 animals, and the animals have 74 legs in all. How many chickens
Thanks for the follow and for being a charter member of Well City Milwaukee - making wellness the way of work.
thought you were on board with tessellating the cheese! just got lunch and witnessed so much overlapping cheese!
I think it would. I could help test it with my account. :) Forgot about that one...
Have to use sun screen in Cali, Moisturize of course, toner YES! bronzer no
#WSOP conference call going on
RT Get your tickets early for our huge Halloween blowout! www.HalloweenOnTheHill.com
That could be it! Was reminiscing about library school with and the DAWN OF THE FREAKING INTERNET
I failed you once again, yet you still hold my hand.
I'm munching on a frozen Apple-Banana right now, and enjoying it WAY more than should be humanly possible! <3
Having a dual monitor system is the greatest thing. You should try Quad Display setups ;D
See you at the Science & Technology Job Fair!
: ' presser description: "Come for free lunch & eat it within sight of a living legend, stay for the press release."
congratulations. Ravenclaw is a very calm house where pretty much nothing happens. Everyone there is just minding his business
Chocolate covered expresso beans and redbull were a good choice
He that gives should not remember, he that receives should never forget. -Talmud
21 players left, dinner break
Richard I normally agree with you. Heard the rant. As a 21-year veteran of the biz, he's right. Where is he wrong?
I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move. ~ Robert Louis Stevenson
So go and tell your friends that I'm obsessive and crazy, that's fine, I'll tell mine you're gay.
Hansen's pitch is fumbled and the Buffaloes now have a 3rd and 23 from the AZ 27 yard line...bad turn of events
Sent to leave this work is bs
I don't even watch ball like that but damn everyone is going in on Lebrons hairline ..
T but its also said ppl w/ lung cancer often don't tell bcuz stigma "u must've done it to yourself".It shouldn't really matter
#ThingsIReallyCantStand big men that flop
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate
burger king in Maryland
agree.agree.agree
iight sounds good
Thank you Derik, have fun at the internship.
My Phones Been On Lebron Mode All Daay, Smh :P
I've never heard silence quite this loud.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> RT : My mama sending me to West Memphis.... By myself. Lawwwwd, what trouble must I get in? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
going to Frank's Diner with my Dad in Kenosha to eat and talk baseball and tunes.
Why is it always on the last night you find the cool spot to be!!!
Got a new beat I think you might like !!
I couldn't Agree with u anymore
What's your school?
Thank you Jessica : You inspire me. #doveinspired ”
Don't you wish everyone in the world would notice for just a moment?
Wowzies!..Electronic music is truly mainstream with
Made reservations this morning for It'll be my first time there! Haven't seen Nora in years.
do they really have those there??? Hah cnt remember the last time i was there
I did a D: when I put that one together.
Thanks. I will check.
Preparing for the heat. Drink lots if water today.
#SCMS12 if presses can't imagine the future maybe we don't need the presses. Hello libraries and societies...
People wear costumes at RT? Aw, Romance writers are so much fun! (Have a great time!)
Brown hair, blue eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
np, love the sound of your band, reminds me a bit of Oasis and Stereophonics. Best of luck. Most def, tons of venues in SF/LA.
Last day of vacay....I'm cleaning,organizing, and checking things off my to-do list.
ah you should! I'll be here till the end of may! And then I'll be back the end of July!
u better get up n pee cause u never know if u might have a bad dream... jk
Just went rock climbing for the first time in six years. My, how the mighty have fallen.
digesting poolside . this could take a while...
Pretty good. One step at a time! You?
Really 9 I don't care about Michael Jackson's doctor's sentencing. Put my Damn soap back on!
i dont knoww why. but when i see like someone from the UK wearing Chicago stuff, like hoodies & stuff, i get excited xD
have heard good things about Magpie.
Wisdom teeth splitting my gums wide open
I put peanut butter in the freezer. THAT'S how tired I am.
Boise misses you, too. Come back soon.
Just completed a 4 hour Cleanology Mini Retreat. It was awesome! We are ready for 2012: A Year of Change!!!
96 notifications make a nigga not even wanna check em all..smh
people who have cameras at all will be calling themselves photographers until the end of time. Truth.
we won second. a tad disappointed but we did really good and i'm proud. :) went to brad taylor's class! amazing as always!
The hottest show to hit tv RapCentral coming soon!
I read it on your Facebook <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
5th grade teacher who brings her class on Fridays wants me to do a Pokemon activity. I'm at a loss. We hardly even have anything Pokemon.
Time to celebrate whats important. Merry Christmas!
Your hubris will be your demise.
There are some that don't! Like She's not cruel at all! Just gives her take on things :-)
I know! It's not our fault people are on top of these things. :)
im pretty close to unfollowing everyone who is at #sxsw. come hell or high water i am going next year.
Thank you for your support Al. So glad you and your wife could join us and that you both enjoyed the movie! See you on Monday.
#YouTubersInIrene for trevor
Wave-Stars, Jr.Gulls-LJ Jaguars, OCHC-Jr.Ducks for A ... in addition to new NorCal GSE and Jr. Kings-LAHC. whew!
YOU BITCH. Let's hang out. I like you.
; just another Thursday .. Ugh . /:
I don't understand my homework this Math factor stuff are stressing me up!=|
Apparently there is only one hour left. Talk about fast food.
we love us some NFL!
Two more days of classes and then final exams.... I hope that my students are studying!!! www.bubbabrain.com
Congrats and on the amazing video. Already over 35,000 views!
Phil Chenier is baffled by Brian Scalabrine's popularity.
Very interesting (not really). “: I'm at Costco Gas Station (1600 Expo Pkwy, at Exposition Blvd, Sacramento) w/ 2 others.
I know because he obeys me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
The Saturday of Memorial Day weekend! Eek.
RT Black Sabbath isn't from Milwaukee? Don't worry, we'll make our own. MOON CURSE (this record is so good)
what? No gay marriage? WTF!!!!!! Obama dies now.
My husband had to make a training video on proper phone procedures for work, & he used "Yakety Sax" as the hold music. Unappreciated.
Real facts in my music no fabrication unlike most rappers I know
is a digital hoarder
To the guys who "created" Words with Friends: No, you did not! Scrabble did.
So little time so much to do :(
I have a video of being Albert Einstien, wanna see it?
nest chair rocks!
Katy Perry is freaking gorgeous.
thanks love:) Jeff
Going to ride at nelson's, good luck and in big air, and in best whip!!!
Buck shows some fire in bottom 5th, ejected and fans loved it
You know why there are no black serial killers? They get caught after the first one <----------- joke
haha, lot's of t-shirts on in the wave pool???
If you stay next to me you're close to a blessing, so I'm guessin I could get arrested for aggravated flexin!
The #Medifast experience is personalized & private! If ur a current Medifast client, share ur story with us!
Thanks for passing that along.
: is the winner. Naturally. Look, I care so much, I'm even twatting. I never twat.
#oomf never answer my text, well let me find da delete button..
Winston Churchill Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
Friday, why don't you motivate me??
Yes. $2 to sit. $1 to stand.
#10FactsAboutMe 8. I love irish accents
on accident!
Shock Corridor (1963)—Sam Fuller's trademark twists in a tale about an undercover reporter lurching from macho bravado to catatonic collapse
Can I slip it on underneath?
just created a game, im bigslick789 on there.
Jessica is amazing :)
love u kid
I have not. Where is it?
Today is not my day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
oh my my you dont know what you do to me
1000% higher love for you.
I will not waste your time giving you information you can download from the web, or get from a book you could buy off a shelf
Add mee on Facebook. Facebook.com/lilmizzangie129. :)
lol hell yea. I'm mad I just found out about it. Downloaded all 3 seasons lol
wow! That's serious!
every thought counts.
Sorry, could be the hottest day of the year so far.
perfect! Let us know what you think!
If i trust you with money, your special!
u are fricken hilarious
RT : If your a Nuggs fan, you have to hope that there's a creepy MF'er that lives in Birdmans basement & uses the internet...
So i think when you go to Yarhoo.com it should be a pirate version of yahoo.com, #whatdoyouthink ?
Tons of talented people have made our 1st season a success! Come celebrate a year of Spark & see what we're doing for Season Two on...
All 3 #CSURams football players expelled for fight with students.
In spite of all our communication technology no invention is as effective as the sound of the human voice!
State Fair. Fried food was consumed.
Getting ready for and his iPhone/iPad workshop. Should be great, just wish wireless wasn't so spotty.
//I hope to one day know that feeling! 7pg paper about to be submitted!
Kitty pryde=last Friday
STAIND Rock Style 'Singer-Songwriter' needed for 'Major Film Project'. (Serious inquires only, please ) email:
I've started a new leviathan. Not yet to the point of posting pics, but expect I will be soon.
Bitch we GBB and we gone fight
Stop by and have lunch for $9! Includes homemade chips and drink.
Check out www.themissionlasvegas.com for information on how more art, music, culture, and sustainability is on the way to Las Vegas.
#nowplaying werk me by hyper crush
Way to go Fletcher!
Glad you could join us for a bit.
Jk no pop quiz, it was a joke....#hatebegonia!
Today I'm going to be fixing myself up. Face and eye masks, hair straightening, and relaxation with magazines!
What the fuck are you talking about & what the fuck does it have to do with me? Learn to use twitter before you tweet.
Great night for Gardner
LOL! --> ": RT : Play w/ ya man's balls. They're important too lol."
Ah, my own private Utopia.
#ERISA attorneys at #ABA - last chance to stop by the #PLC booth and enter to win $250 spa gift certificate this morning!
any day any time for u
Thx for the shout out tweet!
On my to tyler for a sociology field trip.
I would pay up to $4 for some kettle corn right now.
-he better check up on it, lol
Thank you and prospero año, Pat.
Taught Don Quixote today and quoted you: "I reject your reality...."
All ready for Christmas
I need to go home
I thought August is mr.Gold's son.. but now i'm confused o.O XD
Getting ready to go to Monstermania See you there
2nd Future Goal: Create My Own Clothing Line..Shirts,Denim,Snapbacks,Apparel..
Remember when Cesc went years wo/ winning anything?
Hey! Awesome! Which one did you end up collecting?
me either but it's supposed 2 b rainin
I do too thats where we always eat there when we go to Nashville!
lol! I'm sure would give you a pass!
Well dream big and make it count!!! RT : Don't bother me when I'm dreaming, don't bother me when I'm dreaming!...
I'm good :) How are you?
Fried right now
The 2009 conference season is winding down and the Luna team just returned from Educause in Denver and MCN in Portland. Nice to be home.
I finally got to watch One Tree Hill series finale! Very good episode, actually all of season 9 has been great! Will miss it each week!
I miss you big bro
"The person who says something's impossible shouldn't interrupt the person who's doing it" ~ proverb (via ) cc
Perhaps we should be less literal: 2012 could be the end of your "old world" and a chance to truly transform. A new world of soul.
Thanks for sharing! And hope you enjoy your massage !
Sleep is a beautiful thing.
my potna says shes back at the T but i havent seen her around yet....
New way to apply classic librarian skills: app chats! Share gr8 apps for kids & facilitate discussion w/caregivers. Tweet it, 2!
Awe felt bad for bret it seem he had nine lives after that sack¡ 49ers qq ok can't wait bay2bay
Have a fabulous Friday, my friends! Make today the best! ¤.•**·.<U+262E><U+2661>*¤*<U+2661><U+262E>.·**•.¤ “Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.”—Proverb
alcoholic tear?
SOMETHING GIRLS ALWAYS TELL YOU:"I LOVE YOU." AND YOU KNOW WE DO(;
Not saying you are, but the dating service's idea users.
*jumps, knocking over several boxes, spins around* oh! Erm... hi. I was just looking for something to eat.
Hey, they turned the heaters on on CTA platforms. It's not even cold today.
oh i thought he was cuz i went on his list of following and you were on it
Wait... Didn't Beeson Ball used to be in November?? I swear it was on my birthday one year.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
well i'm going to soccer practice so it'll be useless anyway
Sunday morning rehearsal, my back is a block of wood, my hips snap crackle popping...this is what happens when I get too much sleep.
I need a passport man!
Much more than a Grammy Award, that's what you mean to me.<3
So so true!
The Women's Ministry met on yesterday &laid out their plans 4 the year. Women's Day weekend takes place the last Saturday & Sunday in March
Its the 4th #duh “: Niggas think spnding time with a girl 3 times will make her fall in love? Wtf fantasy world you live in”
Alpha Delta chapter brought #LITB to U of Cincinnati for 82 years, starting April 25, 1919. Happy Founders Day AD alumnae!
I look around and everyone has their iPods and phones out. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
dillon, what's urs? (:
they are so cute! what are they called?
Awww throwback, classic. I had that on a Hit Clip. omg
Some things are so awkward to say, but so easy to text.
I've decided to chill out about you, if that shit is meant to be it'll happen for me. No rush
whats up bro
RTB Give A Shit list cont. DJ Quik + Big Daddy Kane + Salt N Pepa + Slick Rick + Prodigy + Bone Thugs. I mean... that's crazy.
The Illusionists Kisses!
If U Need More Info Re Our Tweets, Please Dont Hesitate 2 Ask. Mobile Adventurer.
I hope my kids teachers don't do that. smh
Is everyone on this train putting on perfume/scented lotion?! Is this an evil conspiracy to give me a headache & ruin my decent mood?
My interest *piqued* by the sound, I *peeked* into the owl's nest at the *peak* of the mountain.
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
Cheer was a handful todaay!
“: Happy Easter everyone!”happy Easter to you sister!
Karaoke right now at the safe house. $3 gentleman jack also
“: After a season of #Tewbowing, Denver decides to get a quarterback whose last name actually ends with -ING.”//Clever
Should I be surprised at all the strange looking people at Moontower Comedy Festival?
hey TL...that's what I call you...so ur on gmail and twitter...smh....you think you know ppl...bahahahahah
Those moments of honesty with your best friend (':
Listening to Rush, Kraftwerk, Donovan, Wings, Laibach, Big Audio Dynamite, Blondie. For WORK. I win.
"I was drunk and sampled your stocking" - a texted received earlier perhaps slightly unique and perhaps amazing
we'd blindfold and make him decide?
Why am I still awake?!?
it was great to meet you -looking forward to getting to know you
Stop !!!!! I can't watching videos .. Ahh God when i see he smile i wanna die *fly*
#IvanNova just got pulled on a #medical w/ 1 out. He got hit w/ a ball on his right foot earlier. #ClayRapada in.
GIVE ME "cock".. Lol
“ Aye Bby You Summer Time Fine”
Determination = Success
Ancora. Love it. Love. It. Miss you seein you at Kroger all the time too lol.
Just like Prop B is about "pension reform."
Where there's smoke there's Hams and Turkey's .
#Movement mix with
Eavesdropping on the #phdslam in UCC...
I'll owe you one too. MLA?
You have to watch it like 10 times. When I first watched Step Brothers I gave it a C-. But then, months later .. magic!
I just want to go home!
when we feel STUCK its most likely 100% of the time bc we STOPPED in the wrong place doing the wrong thing.
he can be scary but also terrible.
How do dogs know to look people in the eyes?
showing love ;)
Saturday ima be busy, after I leave the tattoo shop, I'm going shopping for some of my birthday stuff, I ain't got shit else to do!
Where can I find the 2012 season schedule online? I got the book in the mail but want to share the info with a friend.
Can't say it any clearer than that
nice! Lucky you!
anything for pumpkin and melody :)
Eagles return to Florida in December 2nd year in a row on December 9th
know the sacrifice this type of life actually is.
QOD: For maximum benefit/recovery, when is the best time to eat after u workout? a. 15 mins/b. 45 mins/c. 2 hrs/d. you shouldn't eat after
I'm in class , tweeting LIKE A BOSS (;
Watching Felicity is like an Alias reunion! I love shows like that.
Good point! Who else are you thinking of?
Get ur tour starting today through feb. 7! Some days not available. Purchase at box office or ticketmaster.
We've gotten a ridiculous number of entries for this Wombats giveaway. It all comes down to random!
Prove it? Irony's body is right there. And deconstruction retreated into its hole to lick its wounds. THERE's your proof.
Very awesome! :o) I think writing music is amazing...I have a new found passion for it after this experience.
I'm not... but VK should be, he's like an encyclopedia for all things Philly.
Manager told me I drum to a different beat. That means he thinks I'm awesome right?
“: How about me? I've been a huge fan since I saw u in Vegas in '08 with John Rich! Love ur music!” Thank you! got it
We both *clink glasses* No doubt
who was the best 15-1 Team that didn't make the Super Bowl? 98 Vikings, 04 Steelers, or 11 Packers
"The most important skill we need to impart to our students is learning to learn." I love this!
Standing in line at PHiladelphia airport. Two people reading the same NYT op-ed "When Roommates were Random" I'm curious.
ILU. Next Saturday. Bones vs Evans. No filming or beat making for you. Hanging out with pals.
At church getting ready to hear a word.
Going to play softball and hit the gym
RT God, family, friends & $ in that order.
Dear cutemen,&I are looking for eyecandy.Please make your way to xoxo,B
Though I'm doing a church tour the non-profits and DV shelters are really wanting me to come and speak.
Tiger Woods is done. He'll win again. Won't ever be dominant. Mental stress/many swing thoughts don't = good golf. Just another guy.
That's a good thing! Just carry the momentum to next week.
Is it safe to say muslims b goin ham wen they sell oils lol?
Exactly! Never a bad time for a tiara!
Waiting for the money chirp. One of the favorite parts of my day in
My gym has officially turned into my mom. Today they sent me a guilt laden email that contained 1 line: "We Miss You at Lucille Roberts."
Tall Boy Tuesday Tonight, washes down that BBQ reel god! JC
Wow... They scored...
Shut up about North Carolina like get over it.
Broke my keyboard on my phone, fml .
drinking beer in the hot sun
m/b we can use some time tonight to reflect on topics? I'm feeling pretty chill :)
It was the right choice, but the colts in the past weren't known for making the obvious one. I hoped this would be the case
count me IN for more photos :-)
Alright, thank you so much for checking for me!!!
crazy out of touch bastards all of them!
I'm dying to know your name! :$
Bought a new mascara, happy day for me. :) <3
Can't wait to meet at DWTS May 7th! See you there ;)
A military family needs size 6/7 clothes for their son....in a bad way right now. Would anyone have any they are not using?
.RT: Actor Paul Walker is sending a medical team to Indo. Help him get donations at www.ROWW.org
Freaking refs! They need to stop betting on games and taking bribes.
except for me cuz I'm yo favorite white boy;)
I dislike this kid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#infosec #cyber #cybersec The Secret Lives of a Social Media Teens
Nnnnnnnneeeeeeeellllllllllliiiiiiieeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a secret, ss!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
tell them that Nowhere has manufacturing and distribution rights? but if you really want to shell out the $... :)
New icon is easier on the eyes/stomach. Thanks.
Perfect sunny Sunday do far. Church, 7 mile run and then dinner later with friends!
The low cost of inflatable renting is an economic way to add huge fun to your event
Bro idk how to play!! I gotta learn RT : im expecting you to be there, see if your good at beer pong
You can watch the Rangers.
rude! Hahahaha jk um I think where we live at ... anyway what u doing?
haiku, when nature renders the poet speechless
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
til the end
i am not a hater. i'll show you how to tag people monday at school
thanks Tim!
Yes others as well... i just like to cook ;) RT They're saying cooking. Also sports, cars, games, you name it!
You teaching Cal some of your tricks to spinning a story?
You should def buy some tickets from us! haha We are from ME and we need to sell 15 tix to the show:)
Gimmie some sugar!
Anyone else getting this new Tweet spam from 0/0 accounts with a nonsense message and mention of a marketing Twitter account?
When there is a mouse in your ceiling and your cat just smiles, yawns and stares at the wall.... It's obvious he's found boring hobbies.
Chapter 2012 Page 83 of 366 It's okay to be selective about who gets to be a client...not all doors need to be opened.
Hoping #Alcatraz can fill the void in me since the last episode of
I can't believe it either! :D
Mr.D's tip of the day:Make sure your contractor is using quality paints and material when painting your home.At Mr.D's we use only the best.
WTF?! What happened to a woman's right to choose?
Hope you all are having a good valentines day :-)
last night's #EverythingNow show at was #epic - wow.
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist human nature
did u get my tweet , phone acting up
This is ridiculous! Can't sleep, wrote 12 work-related emails! I'm going to do some laundry and eat an early breakfast.
Nice to see in the leaders jersey at #Vuelta, nice job of work by Froome to get him there
limewire is getting sued,where will I get free music?I just have to buy it from now on,ExpensiveAnyoneKnowACompanyLikeLimewireThatWorks?
Love that word! Trailblazer & Radical describe a dynamic personality. But, can one be thoughtful/quiet and still be "radical"?
So proud of you guys!! Looks like you're having fun!
My Allergies started today, probably got them from you. Thanks a lot!
Nope. Not even a little. He looks like an eighth grader playing Harry MacAfee in a middle school "Bye Bye Birdie" show.
yah, if work schedule cooperates I'm going to head over with from my office. i'll text you when i commit
This is embarrassing for the Lakers lol
Good news, bad news- #LALakers won the 1st round - yay! - now they face the #OKThunder - yikes!
Um currently drooling over some rice tennis players
MOTHER OF GOD, WHY IS IT SNOWING?! Fuckin A.
I feel like I'm not working because I love what I do. If you haven't found your true passion, keep looking! It makes life more worth while.
Holly shit... JV needs to step it up!!! We look like shit and have a big game on Sat. and even bigger one on Sun.
"Everybody has a story in them!" -Karin Slaughter. We think so, too.
that's sounds better than
What do Woody Herman and Liberace have in common...Today is their birthday! Happy Birthday gentlemen!
were they bald, kinda plump, cartoon yellow; and named homer?
Just got out of prison; disoriented.
It was hell ,hugging on my mama from a jail cell!
shit at home tranna get out east
Why give a fuck?
The Tickets for Detroit are going on sale tomorrow at 12pm
"A sentient nature, when suffering, is better than a stone which is quite incapable of suffering." - St. Augustine of Hippo
Getting nervous about being away from M from Thurs till Saturday.
I'm mad I almost killed a cat last night
Norris lake!
yea yea!:)
Having sex at least once per week can lower a man’s risk of heart disease by 30%, stroke by 50% & diabetes by 40%.bit.ly/vlUUNU
Watchin the '07 UK/LSU game. LSU #1. UK won in triple OT. Can't wait till football season!
Love to hear it! What did you have? RT Just enjoyed a fantastic lunch ~ good as always!
Auntie Em has decided to dish out something extra special once she reaches 100 followers! Help the ol' girl out with a RT!
"The highlight of my first 10 seconds of consciousness is seeing the new creative way you've shouted s out!" - GizMo #YouRock!
Morning world
So excited for tonight!
How do you feel about James Casey from a dynasty perspective? Any upside there if I can stow him on a taxi squad?
where do you live?
lol bartender got me all giddy inside
Kid can't even read #billymadison haha
Looks like I am going to be taking a trip down to Florida in March.
at least we get special treatment.
Finally out of work ....
REALLY want to get UC Classics on Twitter; Love the idea of our projects, news, and possibly musings being accessible in tweet format.
Updating profiles and illustrations.
Hitting 2nite on tenor w/ organ trio inspired by Stanley Turrentine at Showman's in #Harlem USA (125th betw Morningside & St. Nick's) 8:30
Agree, this is like Fox's purchase of MySpace... RT : I dunno, a billion dollars seems like a lot of money for old timey polaroids
When is your graduation?
Missing out on festivities tomorrow in honor of my mentor's retirement. #BUMMEDFACE Congrats to Sam on his well-deserved milestone!
Kids! Bring friends & siblings! Create a FREE CRAFT (PENGUIN PUPPET) then put on a show! 11am-3pm (HazardCntr/SanMarcos)
A sneeze zooms out of your mouth at over 600 mph!
hope u enjoyed #jewish heritage night at the #wizbobcats game!
Huge news coming in the immediate future! Stay tuned and prepared to be stunned!
Only 12 more days till Fair Lady opens at
LOVE: Leah Miller &amp; Jonathan O'Brien - Philadelphia Inquirer
#SXSW can't wait to see you Friday for SPRINGBREAK w/ The Men MMoths /
When my mom sends me videos of the Drake concert <<<< assface -.-
MT": Breaking News: Obama says we should all calm down. Crimes should be tried in court of law. Not in media.
Departing from my week with he Denali. Thanks It's an great truck!
: gotta love
u can go to barnes and noble and purchase it there
We have an away game tomorrow so don't have too much fun all up in here. I will be back.
To market, to market to buy a big huge heaping helping of Four Kids Fudge! OH, Yeah!! #scottsville #farmersmarket Open today 3:30 to 7:30!
Watch us live today on at 9:30! We're shaking up our #holiday cocktail & recommending Thanksgiving wines!
Famous last words
Making fudge with a favorite old recipe. Chocolate is my favorite food group.
How about a caramel latte with that #bookchat? DM me to have me participate at your next #bookclub meeting. www.dolcegustostore.com
working on some new additions for my show and am looking for someone who can record tracks...if you know anyone let me know!
It's hard to believe in something you can't see or feel.
Bite your tongue, you Left Coast surfer-dude!
i got a lot of presents today but my mom got more then me but she mostly got wine
My to-do list is full of undesirable things, so I'm adding fun things: pedicure, rent Jane Eyre, bake brownies, nap, plan escape weekend...
Q7 Parker Posey in Party Girl!
no. nothing even remotely close to nude.
GOOD MORNING (3/30) we will be presenting 'Tie-Dyed Artist of the Sky' w/Jonathan Wolfe.Refreshments & cash bar will be available!Starts
Thanks Omar!! You're the best!! Thanks for dinner. Always a great time!!
going home to mellow out.
- Welcome Chris! Thanks for following! I'll be sure to read your book soon! Robin Lynch Aerialist
en route to #philly for the ! i hope they give out soft pretzels ;)
nice work! what did you go home with at the staff party white elephant?
I was thinking the same thing! They're now saying the boat is about a half mile out.
Beware: tweets only saved on twitter 4 @ 2 weeks, then poof!
my boy kitty keeps ripping out his whiskers...I think he wants to be a lady.
MT 3 Year Anniversary Party tomorrow! RSVP for COMPLIMENTARY wine tasting ---> Happy Anniversary!
I can just hear them laughing in my head.Freaks~
Happy Mother's Day to my mother who dragged me along to every museum in NY turning me into a museum lover.
aaàhhhhhh!!!!!! Tell him I LOVE him for me.
Second round of training...new group, new week, new delivery approach.
I heard u guys were nominated for Outstaning new artist CONGRATS you guys deserve it. ill be voting, good luck and 143 guys
im in San Francisco ;-)
it's really me in all my fleshy, non-bot goodness!
im here at the fiestas with my father haha time to show him SA haha well the good part about it
i'm back on the twitter
I had to exit the room b4 she ran out. Didn't wanna get expelled from school for giving head during naptime.
good luck! ^ag
They do don't they. I listen to ghost train twice a day lol
So excited: interviews scheduled w & for article on stay-at-home parents/authors. Inspiring!
The tray lys between the concrete and the leather
#highfivethursdays going on right now with at
#PrivatePractice No! Benjamin Bratt ... Damn, pick ME! Addison is a fruit loop!
We love that you share so many great things with us,
“: "you make asians look bad." ”
She touched her eyebrow and thought: eyebrows are nice, like little pets, soft to touch and always there.
My twitter account has been hacked into again. 3x this month. Sorry for any spam you might have rec'd.
Wow. We just hit a client design approval record. 26 minutes. BOOM! Well done ^ag
Lou Williams has never known the time and score of any game he's ever played in
Sitting on the L in Chi wtng for the severe wthr 2pass b4 the train will lv atn. Flight is already delayed. Tornado watches. Sleeping @ MDW?
i wanna draw travis clark but i can't find a picture help
we actually are in the market for a CNC lathe too! I wish I had that kind of cash, it's stupid how much these machines cost!
Number 1 seed in next weeks USCAA WORLD SERIES!!!!
thanks =] u're nice too and fun to talk with
Em has the thing on now, I removed myself to the kitchen
DELL Appasure is application protection software not data protection
Cheers to that!!!! RT Love the winter wonderland in Wisconsin!
full metal joustingg....This showw is entertaining ,(:
Newark mourns the loss of Whitney, of one of its many gems.
Dont have a hateful bone in my body... Except for Walmart
Imagine your life without your phone. The boredom is terrifying, no?
Kicking it with Jimmy Levan founder/owner of Metal Bikes.
odd, wrote blurb on my g+ stream containing term 'emerging democracies'. which was struck through after posting. i'm wondering why...
": Because you know I'd be devastated without you!" <U+E414><U+E411><U+E415>
What did you do with this gorgeous day?
are you in san marcoss
I didn't think the first one went through? my bad.
Haha people's statuses claiming that they are real "G's" in Mayfield. Man it's a small-town country place. Go to the city, see what happens!
Makes for a good day. U might enjoy R online casting director/ agent workshops. March 10th LA CD Ty Harmon is R guest. Cheers
4/15 - WA High School Mountain Bike Race. is really making this sport come alive for our high school youth!
Literature business upgrade, the next level, to preserve the art.
Screw it. Getting scala-bison + jflex1.5 running is a complete expletive-deleted mess. Parser combinators and living without a BNF, I guess.
Did you go to school for photography? Where'd you go?
New cafe hours next week we're opening earlier 6am starting sept 26
Practicing my business presentation for tomorrow morning. I love talking about money with people.
hes so kind hearted :')
but i am glad your ear is feeling better now you don't have any excuse to not being able to hear what i say anymore lol
Large hail here in Murray but it's passed now. Bed time again!
But on a good note I finally got time I play my game
Pineda gone. Hughes hammered. Vaunted #yankees rotation not so vaunted anymore, and
I feel the love even though I'm not there! That's why NCPH is great. I've always felt welcome & accepted!
thanks chica! :) I can play the part here and there ;)
Another sunny warm day in Chicago! Getting a much needed carwash!
wait, what?
FYI...the Red Sox won the World Series in 1918. Thought that was about as relevant as the rest of the UT piece.
Omg <33333333 I'm so happy right now <3
Just had to b one of those custmers at mccds today call the ppple on tht ass bd serives
Looking forward to never ever watching Bristol Palin's new reality show.
Congratulations to one of my favorites !!! ;-)
yes, I'll;) thank u!
Javonni, we're doing a #HousingForAll campaign directed towards tomorrow/thurs, can i email u details?
I could be a cat right now
this nigga gotta be high af
When my phone try's correcting "hell" to "he'll".....HE'LL NO!
Hey : please explain to me why Mad Mike wants to take on Pat LaFontaine
I dont care if the only place i go to this summer is the #1girltour i just wanna go!
First Rehearsal for "The Pitmen Painters" today! Welcome to a GREAT cast and crew - we can't wait to see what you create for this play.
If you sent an invite but it hasn't been redeemed, we should probably give it back to you. hm… ok, we'll fix that :)
missing blunt ..finally found! #mydayismade even after that bullshit
I'm looking for examples of average industrial/labour wages for the UK in 1817. Can anyone help, or point me in the right direction?
thank you! :)
All new gun safe interiors for 2010. Don't be the last to view this latest gun safe inovation. Visit Gun Safes 101 website!
@ nancy, a clever thought flaccid faith
Way to go Nephew Jack! Congrats on you graduation! I hope the world is ready for you! Go get em!
Will not forget the night we met you at Xtacy in S'field MA. You got DNA on my partner's hat and it's still there! HOT!
on the upside, avoiding that one project is really helping me get traction on a bunch of others that had proved quite uninspiring up to now.
another flawless parks & rec episode
This wind kind of stinks.... Putting it kindly... :/
Whether or not Denver win Bynum is eating his words #CloseoutGame and you didn't show up!
hahaha!! That's makes 2 of us! Love y'all and everything, but I like being alive. Lol
fasho lets make a
Hmmmn...thought you were a TBS commercial!
I mean, re: Gervais's new show, I almost cried. It's about a low aptitude man working in a nursing home. Including Karl Pilkington!
pshh, ya right
I am now in those damn chairs...
most of that lag is before the click handler even gets called?
Need a female R&B vocalist ft. on a hook............Hit me up if interested
Thank you Mark! The authors of MC have turned me onto espresso in a major way and I frequent and love coffeegeek.
Whatcha got in ya head now?... All kinds of images
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
Just bought 22 LCD monitors for 150 dollars. #yolo?
* UPDATE * PERFORMANCE TOMORROW EVENING !
i can make it work, if y'all can
Double duh! RT Gay people should be allowed to marry. Duh.
that's the way to think :) why doesn't everyone think that way?
-Why are dudes always throwin air-punches when they're listening to music? <<< because everyone else is doing it, lmao
you got me so worked up, I might not be able to sleep tonight. fucking hell. looks like i'll be hittin the ambien train
This is the part where I wish I could click my heels three times.
is getting ready for a family picnic with Sydney's girls scout troop for Father Appreciation Day! Fun, food, games & water balloons!
I'm increasingly impressed with how many tweets people can send out in a day. It's mind blowing.
Yep! If it's still good for you we're on!
ME!!! I really love austin mahone
Yeah you like that one?! Working from home, I know this one well.
yep I know I do until they give me a reason not to. Excellent products and service.
Physical symptoms of Bieber fever: Shaking, Crying, Smiling, Fainting, Screaming,Singing really loud,Heart racing., Ive got it.
haha thanks aaron. yes. i will def be messing with people
I wish I could walk and dance better
1 week until prom i still need my shoes, accessories, nails, hair and makeup! i have a lot to do!
I just did, Hon! I hope you would check out my page on facebook too. :)
this summer, i wanna drive down an old dirt road late at night and just park the car, get out and look at the stars, with you ..
I'm glad you liked Zombieland, now I feel more confident in wanting to see it.
Heat Me Up A Burger
stop instigating!
sunburn, soil under my nails, and phone calls from Jamaica do a Funday make.
Watched Downton Abbey on TiVo tonight instead of college football.
very true. However their are those rare individuals that can influence good on those whom are negative in your circle of friend
Big win over Taft for hockey. #taftsucks #7-3 Bigger fans
not now I'm working :P
I feel like at of all my friends me and are the only ones who listen to country...
create a new project, extract the operations from the old one, and apply them on the new
I'm bored someone entertain me. What's new?
You know, I did not! I should have! I gave them some of Freymann's books and THE PARROT TICO TANGO and some easy NF.
ah, happy birthday to you too!! xoxo
5 total Streetpass Miis--and 5 new Puzzle Swap pieces...and I got all 4 Pink pieces in the Star Fox puzzle...
Going to see the Avengers today (finally). Then me and math going to get to know each other tonight.
Almost ready to watch the final episode of "The Walking Dead". Can't wait.
Gotta stop hangin out late. These early shuts fuckin with my sleep.
this show is so good
cause you are on my mind. <U+2665>
There's a value - people want in - they're not just doing this to help. - on kickstarter backers
The reason why they really love all the boys in the yard fighting over there HONEY????
All these #sox fans always talking shit and they garbage team is 3-10 in the preseason lol and my cubs are 6-8
1st day back to work after my vacation and being in nola yesterday for the game this day has been hell and I'm exhausted
Rockin' out to a little Shocking Blue into Soundtrack Of Our Lives while cataloging miniature pianos - my job rules.
It seems all I need to do nowadays to change the world is sign a petition online. Activism made easy.
yeahh I'm up in there
I'm still hungry
Wow! #December already? It seems like #time doesn't march on. It truly #flies!
How did I ever live before having MLB Network?
looking for a business development account manager at indigo! dm me if you are interested or feel free to shoot me an email!
Happy New Year, Twitter Fam!
RT : Every one of us can look back and see times when God has blessed us. What is God doing in your life? - Too many blessings!
You're no fun.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, BRYANT HICKS, Director
haha don't go g2. Not worth it.
i have no idea lol
Tried something different tonite with calves. Sets of 30. Wow. RT back after u try it 6-9 sets.
+1 RT : Can we just release an actual shark in AUTOCAT and see what happens?
Sick ass tweeters u guy are on point with twitter LOL
If Cena wins, there may actually be a legit riot in Chicago.
viewshare wonikiness was that opening up a link in embedded timeline opened up in the iframe rather than a new page which was odd
FINALLY!!! Notified by email today! Funding for Mali Project approved. Now we can make an official announcement and seek matching funds.
Thanks, great community effort!!!
Cunningham said plan 3 mos. ahead. Saddler says that's asking for pain and fiasco: give it a year. Seconds the daylight savings warning.
Before you came in to my life...
We currently can't follow anyone at the moment because we hit a limit? Keep tweeting at us, we will get to you!
:-) I'm not tripping
when u goin to play in south Carolina again
We are FABULOUS! :D I'm rating us whatever the equivalent of "exceeds expectations" is on EVERYTHING!
YOBO = you . Only . Bad . Online YOCO = you . Only . Cute . Online YOTO = you . Only . Tough . Online..
I am so sad that has been taken off "until summer." Ridiculous.
I'd prefer they win!
your welcome Jake :)
This female really just had a big phoenix bird tatted on her neck with 602 under it! Lol
shaddap, I had a hangover this morning. But now I am all good. d:
the attack or doing nothing? The attack is just a matter of time the doing nothing is because Obama is spineless
was tearing it up today!! Dude is a monster!
Where all dem Heat haters? Wat y'all got on da Knicks?
u will know what I'm talking about when u c me
What did he do this time?
try group USA they have some pretty good selections.
Might be able to see an #indystage show tonight. Pondering my options over lunch...
LETS TREND SOMETHING ^_^ WHAT SHOULD WE TREND??? #feelingtrendy.... How about #AriArmyLove or #WeLoveAri <3 ?
Extremely productive at being unproductive.
I just corrected his incorrect definition of socialism! He called Obama a socialist...he isnt!
I've been asking myself this for years!
ain't forgot about you boss. got you today, 100%
aww! Happy birthday! Hope you get to run the Bund!
Hi LinguaFrancaF, thanks for following!
What are y'all eating on this wonderful Monday?
what about watching YouTube videos of #LinSanity at summer league schooling John wall a year ago? Does this count?
people saying Kobe is to old.....I hope he keeps aging if it means he's gonna keep dropping 40 on fools..!!
Closing a fuel valve and turning off an engine apparently takes a long time on an airplane
“Everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler.” Albert Einstein
Interesting! Can't wait to see what happens there. Swing back thru DC and let's go check it out!
Usually #Myfavoritesongis "Comfortably Numb" by Pink Floyd
"You can't pray the gay away."
Detroit we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
just this.
Responded to FIRE @ 73-76 197 St, Queens, NY 11366 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
Also braves beating up on the cards!
]Buy Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year Show at the Box Office at $5 with authentic Vietnamese cuisine and live performance!
Would love to give you a demo of SimpleGeo's offerings! Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com to set it up.
THAT'S RIGHT, BITCHES!!! #flyers. hahahaha
yep but u remember reneciah
so do I!
Thanks luv!! Btw didn't know you're from #Antigua? It's on my list!! :-)
Singing at universal studios drunk w u xmas songs and dancing does this look weird
it's awesome I think are the words you were looking for ;)
i paid $8 for that muhfkh i dont like to waste my $ so ill prob smoke it all..... price of cancer $8
FOOTBALL SUNDAYS!! COME IN FOR EVERY GAME..
If they don't have the chutzpah to act a bit meshuga, they're nothing but a shmendrik.
what do you think Geiger's 1st order of business will/should be?
Brick walls are no fun.
I'm like really full I dnt want to get out of my bed
Love this song....#NP His Pain - B.J The Chicago Kid & Kendrick Lamar >>>
well you deserve it! Your impression was seriously spot on!!!
Wher Brad and his homeboys hang tonight?? I feel like beatin his ass.
check me out on the fantasy ladder... #tjdonkeysfc just saying...
school starts for me September 1st.
she turned her 15 minutes of fame into 15 months of fame
You're the absolute best: "Gang up on me you two bitches, go ahead!" cc
yes yes please come over soon :)
any news about the album cover deal?!
RT : My lazy Saturday afternoon watching History channel was interrupted by Feature #Film business. Love my life.
This announcer is terrible!
keep ur head up:)
because you are too caught up in believing that this is it, that you are better than the past and the creator of the future.
Why u crying :( -MB
its rainin outside silly goose.
Now I know why The Artist was a silent film.
Love is stronger than death...death has not won!.#WhitneyCNN ; TD Jakes
good question. I guess it is music that brings you back to when things felt special, like dressing up to ride an airplane.
Gooool! Suarez para #URU. Spanish announcer is still announcing the goal. Somewhere in the world, Gaelano smiles.
Just now putting my swollen feet up, but I think I am finally starting to feel ready for this baby to arrive!
Do you like Tuesdays?
I'd love some stickers to compliment my new MacBook!
Thanks for the RTs and go data!
He is playing like he is ready to make a playoff run…..
BE kind daring creative funny positive loving loyal honest genuine fearless generous original brave optimistic grateful unique happy
actually does get her haircuts at super cuts.
Eight Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
"Chalkies" is apparently the new term for Caucasian people. Spread it around like VD.
making lots of friends today?? girl after my own heart...
can't count. FTW
NOW APOLOGIZE FOR INTERUPTIN THIS TOUR! PUNK MOTHER FUCKER! APOLOGIZE BITCH!!!!
Haha! I'm the same way. I don't really miss Korean food but once every few months... it hits me!
well it's do or die for the #ChicagoBulls tonight... it is a home game..so LETS DO THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ha! the reason I'm on twitter of course
Video: Put your best foot forward in these funky spring shoes
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
Just arriving at the Asian cultural festival candidates forum. Speaking soon.
they are awesome
Well gosh...thanks Jerryn!! RT Now being followed by my favorite local architect (other than myself :-)
S/O to the bitches who do a bid with a nigga only to watch his ass dip when he get out.I bet he talked mad game in them letter huh?
I like u
Hey birdie birdie
hi Liz, it's Q104Kelly. 10 bucks if you can guess where I am tweeting you from.
Ice Cream yum!(:
Praying that you and me might end up together its like wishing for rain while standing in the desert
you won the debate, well at least for those that were listening.
I am glad we are of like minds, ma'am.
I slept for 12 hours. Now I can skydive.
what? I'm confused at your last tweet
Lied! Actually only spent $70! Ha.
PowerOfStory note 4: Online, you need to storyboard Visual/Aural that compliment
903.. Still hate him
four times huh?? Maybe it's time to re-think the red hair before you actually catch on fire!
you love that ;)
Kalorama Park is the most adorable place in
HOLY HELL. You are beyond talented! I loved your cover of LMFAO.
These temperatures are getting rediculous.
with 11 days of school left there is no longer 1 bit of motivation in me.
Don't believe the florist when he tells you that the roses are free.
it's nothing specific(:
Don't neglect the resources that surround you.
puppy included?
FREE TACO BAR and Pig Roast 5pm-close.
Every day.
"This tweet is your tweet!" I love #folkmusic !
I could go for some real futbol right about now!!!
oh m r like real talk did mindless behavior really make a new song like real talk im fu** twekkin
Reason 13 to love the BBA: We are a 1 stop shop! Enjoy grocery stores, clothing, coffee, financial, reality, yoga, pubs...& the list goes on
YES! Chelsea fucking WINS! FA Cup CHAMPIONS! , HELL YES!
Word to the rapists RT : Congrats to Kobe. He won. He's still a rapist but he won.
Dont let life's occurences make you bitter....dont lose who you are! October 15th 2012!...
haha. That would be really cool. I actually started giving it some thought. We could include a couple of Colombian staples
probably around 10:30... one stop before Rockit. Going away party... obviously Rockit was a favorite spot of theirs :)
Should the Brewers consider sacrificing some of their outfield depth and trade for bullpen help?
CD purchases grew last year.
Possibly this fall! If not then, then this winter :)
My older brother got to meet Wale in a club down D.C. Also met Fat Trel in a stripclub and said my lil brother fuks wit ur music[;
Just been working, life is boring for now being done with school and all, thinking about my next endeavor i want to pursue... lol
your so hawt <U+2665>.<U+2665>
Awesome! Best of luck! ~ : Oh YES! Local film crew in the house.
Big joes and sons “: Best place to get ya ear pierced????”
I stayed in the Valley,Noth Hollywood and Garden Grove.
sextip, put her legs on your shoulders while she's on her back and POUND IT. She'll love that
A classy & perfect ending to one of my favorite TV shows ever!
Getting "Loyalty" tatted on my hip!!
“ Let's see if I can get drunk tonight”
I heard the Jews believe the Messiah is supposed to come on a white ass. This makes no sense to me. Anyone?
You could've left me standing there with no1 no1 2 care u promised me u'd b there on time n u did just what u said!!
Oh, thank you!
Is there a point in time where utube will stop changing??? Doubt it.
Well that should be living donations.
Good to hear. RT : Out for a run on this perfect day in Madison
sounds like fun;)
's My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is
While he plays with his snake?? ;)
Love the Vespers--I know their sister Sophie!
Family reunion with and Vlad and I realized our once-baby cousin is now basically running the world.
I did get the package, thank you!! I'm going to take a pic with it and post it everywhere tomorrow!! Smells TOO good!!
That's right. Start with tea bags and graduate to loose leaf. You'll notice a HUGE difference.
I hear people talk about their pandora has ads and mine doesn't (:
I better be on your list! Excited to see you this month!
It's working now. It was out for about an hour about an hour ago. It's not my account, but thanks for letting me know!
: josh huestis just won the slam dunk competition!! ... erik swoope close behind w/ a dunk over mike attanasio!!
I think it would be even funnier if you posted those MSGs that they sent you so their GF's could see them lol
Miss you need to seek medical attn immediately looks like you have some type of infection approaching your boob
Still got my heartbeat ;)
Home is wherever I'm with you. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Loving this mild weather! How are you going to spend your Friday?
That is so true about AZ! We bring it all outside.
why get mad? They have the best Team in the country but their slow starts away from rupp will be their down fall.
Step 8: Make it happen. Stop doing what you know is wrong NOW.
#DearSanta: Appreciate all the gifts over the years. But please stop using my roof for a reindeer pit stop.
thanks. I'm in good company :)
Always excited about new followers for my #milwaukee food blog! Thanks
Going to be weird tom night @ The Heights. Conflicted. Want players to win, but the team to lose for the sake of
For a creator "Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Video and audio are passive compared to reading. But there are certain instances where they can be very valuable.
Stressed at work. I need an US mag, a chocolate, a massage + the spa. Prob will only get first two tonight
more weird than 17 consecutive texts?!
Great minutes from Ryan Hollins
sure Stacy! U just keep telling urself that!!!
Its sad to see tht somethings never change..isn't it?
Thank you! We're glad you dig Opera House & hope you dig the rest of the EP too!
It's been months since we last talked and I'm still holding on
Larmey ... well, at least she has all the letters in there. It COUNTS!
damn wish I was ur pillow lmao!
Fartknocker. :-( #SportingKC just got equalized on a PK from Chicago.
If you live your life under others' opinions you will never live "YOUR" life, you will live THEIR life.
Being Stuck in a closet is no FUN -G.SMOOT)
Workshop. Closed session. Board meeting closed session. 11 hours. Discussed budget stuff at workshop
Im done now lol
browns moved up to 3...is Richardson worth it??
absolutely were you watchin it??
good point! And I have been looking forward to it for weeks!
Great first broomball game of the season...but I cannot believe the ref benched me for two minutes.
This sucks
Hello lovies, how are you today?
Clinical treatment via cloud computing?? Safe Bio-Pharma working to enable remote doctor visits, diagnoses, & prescriptions.
Let's #goRANGERS let's go!!!!! And the crowd is going wild!!!
rofl! Shoutout to you!
#Virgo where MB will take you on your birthday: where ever you want to go
Feeling like my dreams are further away than they should be
Definitely...FB chatter from friends is bad enough, but from a brand it's unacceptable. Valuable content is key.
hahahahah i hate that im gonna be late.. i got court Monday dammit
Digital Literacy Brainstorm. RT : What is 's class doing? Taking notes about my fountain? Welcome!
RT : If you are a person of gratitude, everything is always good. If you are ungrateful, NOTHING is good enough.
It is always teh rains when I wanna go out.
so where are you from?
Not the #nfl but this is bomb a** high quality football. Lots of former #nfl guys
My dog is now sleeping next to me, who is this and where is my real dog
I want OKC to win it all...
It was excellent to meet up and hear about your adventure filled summer!! Thanks so much for the inspiration--see you in Sept!
Today should be fun. I think I had just enough time for my head to graze the pillow.
Wondering if any of my Twitter friends have tried Shelfari & what they think
well we gotta.. haha and ill finish
they are weak up the gut. DT MLB S. And the right side of the OL.. .
"Everyone else in the room can see, everyone else but you..."
Is today a lazy day or what. How bout sum tuna on toast for lunch. YEA BUDDY!!!!
we so need to hang out one day!!
good point. Plus, I declared today a wash once I knew MCA was dead. Lol I hope ur fantasy wishes come true.
Got my ticket today! #ABQ #happygirl I can't wait to be a part of change :)
Through my rise and fall you've been my only friend
One day I will tell my grandchildren about a time before Facebook, when people went to the gym w/o telling all their friends about it first
Thursty Thursday anybody???
Getting off of work early has never felt so good. :D
Just made a $200 bet with my dad that I will eat healthy until august
March madness!! My bracket's not doing half bad but at least it's better than yours chump
Mayweather still undefeated!!
thanks, dude!
Dear all the jars of Nutella in MA: Move to FL! You are way more socially accepted here. Your friend, Taylor
"It's hard to have a heart, and try not to care".
Come on the #Bulls are playing absolutely no D. Like they just folded in the 3rd since I began watching
you killed flip cup
Always great to be a Florida Gator!!!! RT : maybe "it's not so great to be a Florida Gator?"
New Goodie Mob album? I think I like that
I'm at the gym, on the elliptical trainer. Forgot my earphones.
sure, I can do that too!!
Check out Dj smallz new single"Southern Smoke" with drumma boy on worldstarhiphop.com that shit crazy!!!!
American Terrorist
Productions Audition in less then a week
Record weekend at Thank you to all those that have visited and enjoyed.
your welcome
Thanks for RTs Mentions
Having dinner at Fig & Olive with my old man... Then going 12 rounds with
Damn I dont be on twitter on tge weekends I need to start tweeting away... but I don't want tweeter jail
Live Like You Were Dying...That's what i'm doing.
semester is over. variety show is cleaned up. vacation time!
Hurry if you still want to see the show at Ocean County Artists' Guild. Show take down is Jan 29th. :)
I think no one is in my house and I run down stairs to get something in my bra and there's a bunch of random people chillin.
Meeting some awesome people this weekend And the night goes on cc/
Chair of the #CBC #Congressman Clever join specially invited guest at #Embassy of #South Africa #Freedom Day Event . Celebrating democracy!
Just got to meet one of my mentors, the President of Disney ABC Television Group, Anne Sweeney. Couldn't be happier today!
Almost to 200 registrations for summer camp who will be number 200? We'll let you know. Don't forget the earlybird rate ends 01/31 save $70
Gave it a good run! RT “: Thanks everyone for your support. Final vote with Blaze's endorsement was TH 4816, MR 4346.”
Swag Swag Swag on you <3
Well I do. Me and Ricardo talked about this yesterday!
"I know, you know that I know. I just want to hear it from you"..... -_-
Great. Its raining. And my hairs gonna puff up. Perfect.
wat wood i sing really though
I can send to you
No long lasting or frequently used candies or gum with sugar. This includes TicTacs, hard candies, cough drops, Altoids, etc.
Don't pick me. pick someone from the SMS and decide what our NYE resolution should be.
The dutch win! Wow, that is awesome, they finally made it! Will it be Germany-Netherlands?
is this about who I think it's about?(;
Thank you for the follow:-)) Have a wunnerful weekend!
'OOHH-tis', girrll u bout to 'Lift Off'!- RT There's a strong chance tonight will be the best night of my life.
Game of Thrones renewed for 3rd season.
Bed! Got that jury duty tomorrow.<U+270C>
Most random trip ever is bout to happen. Crickets and tanning. Probably not in that order
defamation suit? seriously, you're a joke! you got caught red handed accept the punishment! Haiti must be really proud of you!
they're not. But don't pay attention to me and my bitching.
Researched Kelly Thomas case and feel so sad for him, sad for police, sad for all of us who are blind to our homeless brothers and sisters.
boston for new years
what teams they on? I know brackins what else ?
Is it just me or does Ribeiro look like Achmed the dead terrorist?
Malaya Business Insight
Thank you for the #FF!
- Uke fell on my laptop, and now I can't check my sites...now it's your problem.
RT : Don't look now but we're exactly 3 weeks away from the first pitch on Opening Night at Safeco Field.
cant have bothh
we can play Doctor?
*sighs and goes get another oreo* here. *holds it out*
#ThingsIDislike Leading somebody on.. Or somebody leading me on.
Craft lover? <3! Don't miss these on #FollowFriday - (via )
cute kids in that sandbox!
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to helping OC improve the lives of our students.
I'm hungry and I want to eat something bad for me.
I'm about to start popping pills again, but this is for a cause. Red Riding Hood on Netflix tonight, we'll try this on for size.
also thanks for reading the blog. Comment sometimes stank.
And can you imagine how your dishwasher would SMELL afterwards? It's hard enough scrubbing that stench out of a pan!
RT apple.com ACCESS DENIED.
Thanks for coming in! : My wife and I had a great time tonight and the choc pomegranate milk stout is awesome!
Oh my goodness how did I not realize how great Beckett was all along.
Age does NOT define maturity!
Great day with the DAO girls!! Thanks for the hard work!!
I've never had a facial either!
#Top100Lies In not a virgin.
Thanks to everyone who tweeted at the Mayor last week - yesterday he got a brief from on the space search!
Its not my falt you use to fake ass niggas and didn't know how to go by dealing with this shit.... I am not the same..
#FF - great Boston indie movie theaters, doc film fest happening now!
Hmm.. Today I'm having the house to myself.. Invite some people over? I think maybe.
True! MT : Mesurmt/trgting is a big area mktrs want to master in #socialmedia - if you aren't using u shld be!
I do that all the time. I'd like to revisit for real in the future, but for now I Google.
We'll be on Fox6 Wake Up about 8:50 am to show you our food for !
"And now," cried Max, "let the wild rumpus start!" ~"Where the Wild Things Are" Maurice Sendak 1928-2012 0:-)*
History in the making RT : "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
Home, having a cuppa and studying
Fraudulent robocalls 'absolutely outrageous' - Ottawa Citizen
Yes RT : Ever have one of those days at work where literally everything goes wrong or bad?
we need to get drinks while you're here!
There are so many animals I've never eaten.
Today was reall
Check out some of our newest cartoons and billboards that Br. Jeffrey has added to our page. Hilarious! Good job Br. Jeffrey!
Gimme some butter....i like roles! lol RT : you've been on a roll these last few days! lol
No other shampoo better than , my hair feels so god.
#bitcheswhowontdateme the ones who won't take it in the ass on a regular basis
sweet! Can't wait to see you! I'll Tweet you if plans fa through. Have some flaky friends :)
Manstrate, v. - the male equivalent to the female period.
no poker in the jungle, too many cheetahs ... Bahaha
"my momma didn't raise no fool"
Nope! Too much temptation, too much gray area. It's no-punch or all-punch.
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Lenny Marcus
Why do they keep canceling shows that don't suck?
Finals are done. Time to head home.
stuff online?! Where to?
I will
Sure! I'm just wondering how there is any drama? It's only 140 characters! :-P
Last chance for NCAA morning games - still can sign up for Pac-10 Challenge and NCAA Night games! Cash prizes!
haha , dancing on my trampoline while listening to boyfriend! fun shit bruh.
ok goodnite beautiful thanks a lot :)
Need to post your job for free? looking for worker? Come to visit us at www.joboroworker.com!
Way to go Rickie Fowler!!!
This is the 2nd year the Brewers are paying $1.2m rent per year at Miller Park. In 2021 their rent will increase to $1,208,000.
we're a hologram
Reason #10: McNally's is the ONLY place in Columbia to show every game.
good luck with that one...
Are you following ? I'm not, but if there's something like that I'm sure it would be there. :)
Can the Browns trade their draft picks to make TDs count for 8 pts?
In Chicago: commercial for Briskman & Briskman law firm..wonder if they cover TANNING BED mishaps..jeez that lawyer was blackened(white)
If Mayor asks me to do something, I do it.
r u serious!?!? What a winner!
Not at all. I have a feeling most of us are in need of a good lunch!
*to be
t R.I.P. Whitney Houston (1963-2012), one of the best, influential singers of all time! May you enjoy the chorus of Heaven!
Early & up & running inside the design studio, best part-meeting custmers of the brand preparation is key for a glam year!
#beardown perfect pass!
I got my Britney tickets, dude.
I do not believe the OTI will have live video, but it may be taped. You still have time to register!
Just got off the phone with our mouths are watering already! Looking forward to this {yummy} potential partnership!
Don't make fun of the Kiefer!
Long day ahead hopefully it go's smooth
paying bills is has to be the worst thing ever.
never let wat another nigga say stop your happiness
can't wait for #newtwitter!
Natural Breast Augmnentation Products?
Will be popping on "Brewers 360" with on in just ablout 4-5 minutes. Hope you can catch it...
Which tweet are you replying too?
Updating my ipod playlist, have any good workout songs?
they think what?
Getting auditions is a great thing! Be excited that you were called in and then work that room like you're on the payroll.
Have a big shoot coming up tonight, if this rain stops -
You're awesome! I stand for the same! Women's rights, equality, advocacy and children's rights, healthcare and govt reforms!!!
hey!!;) mind following me back please??:D
President #Obama is in the chamber, hope for a strong focus on kids 2nite
Thanks as always Josie!
#TheVoice gives me shivers :-) #guiltypleasure — But more music, Less sob stories! <3
better than than the wrong side of the Fred
I can't wait to order an anti-fatigue mat. Hooray for happy feet when standing all day!
Some people's status should read "Desperately wants attention and will say *anything to get it"
adding salami to any sandwich makes it better
#aam2011 virtual conference sparking great discussions! OH "to move forward we need to examine how we power share with children." Beautiful!
congrats man enjoy number 1. Tiger is comin for u tho!!!
LA is experiencing a baby-boom thanks to #Carmageddon last July. It seems our west-coast buddies bonked, not honked, all wkend
RT : Trey Parker sings a verse of "I Spit On Your Love" on Late Night tonight.
Welcome 2 my #VINTAGE world ;0)
bitch they had some decent classes there lol
Mixing mixing mixing....SO excited to share all these new tunes with everyone! Soon soon soon....
Join the crowd!!! RT Wanna leave Augusta ....so tired of this place
#FF just pick a favorite tweep and followed her peeps! Those follow Friday games we play!
I wonder if had a Lisa Frank filter. #ArtsTech cc:
I NEED HIM
my pleasure:)
It was! :D RT : Today was fun talking to through a walkie talkie :p
“: Cuddle season is over, It's "get the fuck away from me I'm hot as fuck" weather now.” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Dropped my left headphone piece in my coffee and now it won't work. It's making it very hard to hear these John Tesh bootlegs.
Thanks doc! Looking forward to your feedback!
Ive got great friends to cheer me up. :)
MindTap, cloud-based, app-based, allows to access both Cengage & user-created content
It's not how many people you piss-off, it's how many cool friends you acquire along the way....
The fresh prince reunion pic is dope
Again found the 1932 film "Rain" mesmerizing - Especially performances of Joan Crawford & Walter Huston.
congratulations on well deserved recognition
hahaha yeah! My friends got annoyed from me tweeting about Austin so much so I made another twitter account lol (:
Condoms r a very important part of a relationship. More important than true love
Yoenis Cespedes just came up and the Coliseum decided to give him the full Oakland experience. Fog rolled in big time.
": Later today on the take to the ice against at 7:30 pm ET! Who will win Game 1? #StanleyCup"
hey thanks for following... you sound delicious!
And you know what? I'm not even apologetic! ;)
Mitt Romney thinks funding abortion is morally irresponsible. We think denying women healthcare is morally reprehensible!
I never paid attention to the lyrics until when u just said that ur right ok wayne is gross and he's so ugly too
getting ready to help feed the homeless with a bunch of teens!
Find me thru Facebook @ www.facebook.com/henryg.cooper1 or www.facebook.com/henryg.cooper2 and Twitter @ mrcoopr
Latinos show distinct product consumption patterns and are not buying in ways that are the same as the total market.
Tell these biscuits.. I'm the man
Oh, I got this thing in the mail and i auditioned, i am posting my show on twitter if some peeps didnt watch it
Awesome Halloween weekend (minus the event that shall go unnamed)!
Dang. U gotta feel bad for Williamson. He's trending on Twitter. Luck was nice about it but it came down to the kick(s). 3 times. Womp.
lol goof ball
oh btw the confetti cake blizzard is delish ;) haha
To reform a man, you must begin with his grandmother. ~ Victor Hugo
Baby You Light Up My World Like Nobody Else<3 cant wait to see you friday night<3<3
Ya think??
Suppose to be doing a project for speech but I'm looking up music videos <3
We would kill for that license plate... If we lived in Nevada...
im hardly ever on anymore hahaaa
RT if you love MIndless Behavior the follow me and i will follow you back
thanks for posting re:#wordcamplv. Great ustream feed. Kukral has exc. points on failure. Be a failure, not a loser - get back up.
The parking lot at Wal-Mart is a sad, sad place.
Ill never forget He said he would never hurt me, always love me, and no matter what be there when I needed him. He's 0 for 3
": S/O TO ALL THE DJs THAT FAWK WIT INDY ARTIST HEAVY...WE NEED YOU ALL SUPPORT!!! #SALUTE"
i love
Sounds good!
...and why it has run its course? no? oh. shoot.
O.o
They are handing out copies of Society of the Spectacle at #OccupySeattle, which hits a soft spot - I am a situationalist at heart.
Tonite is opening nite for Club Pleasures free b4 10pm after that 5 cover show is at 11 and 12 come by an support us hugs <3
You and the regents must remove Chancellor Katehi immediately!!! #ucdavis #shemustresign or
"[T]he customer pays a little more, but that’s what you want anyway."-- American visionary Steve Jobs on e-books
East Detroit and suburbs goodnite new music 2mara
Headed to a Dress Haiti party. Everyone is bringing a dress for 1 woman in Haiti. So great!
My nephew leaving because he think a tornado is coming && he think he gone get electrocuted
"angry"...is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Oh wow!! That makes me happy :)
…but that's getting ahead of things - first, the list!
I miss u too! #tenn and
Bradley? But you're an ISU alum like myself and should never thank Bradley for anything.
oh no! I feel bad.
Yayyy my mom agreed to me getting my hair cut nd gauges =)
so sad.
Just picked up like 20 pounds of candy, hopefully trick-or-treaters aplenty tonight!!
#PeopleNeedToStop complaining about all of their problems! everyone has problems man up and do something about them.
Still feeling a little sad after the season finale of #trueblood last night
I'm sorry if sometimes I look like I don' t care, but, in my defense,it is because I really don' t
9 weeks until Indiana's primary. We are steppin it up across the district to listen to what matters to every Hoosier!
yeah forget that lastt tweet >.< :P
Some people have all the luck (or skill?). If he mentions a secret afterparty, location tweet please.
Bruno Mars, I know you don't feel like doing anything today. Tomorrow I have to pay $300 in excise tax, wait at the DMV, and write a paper.
One thing I regret, not asking you to dance.
#NowPlaying "Ain't No Sunshine" by Bill Withers
The are breaking my heart.
If I buy the designer bags tom @ work & sell on eBay, I'll make enough to see my my beau, Joanna Newsom, & Philip Glass in San Fran next mo.
good to know I'm not alone!! LOL!!
Just arrived in Bandung...
My grandma just told me Muslims hate me and are gonna kill America.. -__-
Question from new convert...what episode are they on? I did season 1 plus EPs 1 & 2 2 weeks ago...then, nothing!
You're welcome! Glad it worked out - nice talking to you again - hope all is well
On my way to Aliciaaaas (:
its not everyday you find a company to work for filled with people that actually understand and care about your situation!
amazing woman! #ThinkLikeAMan was Hilarious AWESOME movie go
congrats Reel Voices accepted into Seattle's
me too, that's what conference are good for
Can anyone link me to an explanation of the thinking person's objection to gay marriage? I'm seriously at a loss here...
Great question! I have a bag FULL of them from my CSA, and no idea what to do with them.
#entourage We finally reach the end. It's been a fun road!
resolve to possess patience <3
the pacers aren't gonna get shit but swept. Bosh isn't but their third best.
Not tall at all, but really great.
Do you know that readers get to the end (e.g. via some JavaScript function which detects page position)?
I want to go to king's islend right now.
A terrorist gets blown up and cpr qualifies for ballot. Nice little Friday in san Diego.
When the designwas complete, he handed it to me without rising
Thank you for the RT! :)
. sorry I'm missing #jakesdeskconf but the tickets were all sold out.
So I have a friend who is making giant steps as a country music recording artist...Show Kevin Mac the love and learn about him!!!
#gaymarriage Obama??? What are you trying to pull here ?
Thank you for the ticket to the event tom!
“: "Im only gonna be on the computer for a half an hour.." *4 hours later* "Lol cats are so funny."” al the time haha
You don't know what you can get away with until you try. -General Colin Powell
XO. Did you see Nicole's tweet & comments? ASDFGHJKL DYING.
I'm looking for her
that is not the news I need right before I board this red eye flight. I'm going to have nightmares while sleeping now...
On a flight home Yay!!!! 4th try the charm!!
but you came and you changed my whole world now I'm somewhere I've never been before
love it... 625k here we come...
": I love the way you lie...LOL JK, if you lie to me again i will throw a brick at your face." Damn that sounds like a good idea
What kind of mother shrieks "cut that shit out!" to a crying toddler?? Astonishing, and not in a good way.
The only good thing about global warming is that it won't be freezing on NYE... Who needs a coat in December anyway?
no i wasnt...I was going to respond but I actually fell asleep lol.... But why u change your name?
Looking for bloggers to write feature articles for online newspaper in exchange for plugging your blog or self published books
how've u been, pretty lady?
waiting to see what Tropical Storm fay will bring...probably less than the media hype...I hope
Xavier Lange., I Blame YOU.
Cinghaile was amazing. But "Pirates: Band of Misfits" SUCKED. Mom and I bailed after about 45 mins. My god.
my mind had clouded my heart!
Belieb, Stand GRAND, and Be ICONic.
“: If you want to be a college player you should already be working out like you are a college player.”
Can't speak for all, but my often homeless/transient Dad has no problem knowing and holding he still has core privilege others do not.
He Brew Hammer
If SFJ didn't use words like "arrantly" in a discussion of pop music, he'd be out of a job.
if it rains saturday, are you still going to do the flash mob in NYC?
I need out of here RT : Going nowhere fast we've reached the climax.
Someone bring me a jacket.
I LOVE #BOYFRIEND! ITS AMAZING!
Had a good record store day. Got some gems, and found some Bollywood disco reissues.
Hi girl I don't know that sent me somthing to do with weed.
L m a o !! Hahahahaha #Clarksville ... RT Lol delivery guy text me to come get my food cuz he didn't have any minutes Hahahaha
no Deandra. I'll be there in texting. :-) lmbooo
I been on my shit since I was real young and still is
Who all tweeted yesterday with their fill in the blanks? What did you say? Did they reply?
“When someone tells me "no," it doesn't mean I can't do it, it simply means I can't do it with them.” <U+2015> Karen E. Quinones Miller
You too! Would love to meet up sometime.
. speculators bring future demand into the present, for a fee. Some people can't wait: farmers with a perishable crop. That's value!
My oldest daughter is the best she is such a big help #washing clothes
JORDAN IS DOING A SIGNING 7:30 I'M SO EXCITED
95 on physics midterm! Woo hoo
Frank, the Story is Utah….
Congratulations! This is fantastic news! I'm eager to hear about how you plan to use the funds. Pilot rooftop gardening in the city?
they're trying to make us one big happy family with 3 days left of school? Wtf, if we werent friends in the beginning, why would we be now?
When dudes take pics smoking or holding money I laugh clearly you not use to that or you wouldn't photograph that BS
Social media policies shouldn't be about don'ts. Employees should be train and empowered to participate responsibly.
But plain old Parsec has always done monadic parsing. Do you have a link to a blog post &c. that would explain what's new here?
haha just call me out why dont you... loser!!!
We're all drinking wine and talking books w/o you RT Missing my peeps in Madtown.
How do you go about learning a new piece from scratch?Do you memorize and analyze the piece away from the piano before actually playing it?
Our hoodies are on sale right now “ I gotta get a Tee like ASAP...!!!”
In practice, that is the exact same thing.
Thankfulfor the birds chirping and sunshine today.
Happy Birthday . 70 years going strong. Here's to 70 more!
we could possibly help with those needs or perhaps give them an idea of who might be able to. Happy Thursday :)
Thank you so much for tour love!! :DRT : Happy Birthday :)
This is pretty ordinary but well understood - Bronze, Silver, Gold, Platinum. Makes it look like Olympic level.
awww tear <3 “: I couldn't ask for better parents. Seriously.”
We are posting a NEW SONG TEASER & band promo TOMORROW @ 6PM Eastern Time!!!
The Mercer Mess sure has a cute name for being such an asshole.
where is it at ?
I don't care what anyone says. Renee Zellweger looked a lot better w/the extra pounds she put on for this movie than her Hollywood standard.
Fresh cup of coffee. Typing out specs for a brand new shiny project in WorkFlowy. Ah.
Thats a Wrap.
is your number still the same?
DC Hoyas hosting #HoyasHomeownership seminar now!
Patience peeps, Manning will come and everyone in Denver will be happy.
Hoping St. Patty's day brings as much drama as the last two days.
I love life because what more is there. -Anthony Hopkins
Butch Davis also raised Ray Lewis smh
Is that Jack Black?
Oh sailor Jerry, the only man I can trust...
Any restaurants/cafes/etc in LA doing anything for Star Wars Day? Cupcakes at least?
at least it wasn't to an 8th seed .the Pacers are a good team .. your weak ass Celtics lost to a team that shouldn't even be
I gotta bounce... follow when you feel like it.. night night lol
Life is about direction you either get it right or you will get left
Lmfao. I really shouldn't be laughing at this...
"I'm a vegetarian. Except for fish, and the occasional steak. I love steak!"- Penny
The sun is shining in #Seattle! Enjoy it because we hear it's only making a brief appearance.
If you make F's or are an a-hole, they should not allow you a driver's license.
we shall do this again sometimes
I just invented something worse than "teabagging": coffee beaning. Let the mind wander...
Raising funds can be tough. The key to a profitable bake sale is having your parents pay for the ingredients.
get the hell out of here I only do it when I'm REALLY BORED
Marty! How the heck are ya?
That's really only one step up from constantly attracting guys with girls' parts. Here's to perseverance having its advantages.
Thanks Chris!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
my name must taste good; it's always in someone's mouth
oh, in that case, never mind ;)
You want that feeling back, well you should know I still got it for ya. & even though we let it go, its better that you know.
Thanks for including me in your daily.
At South Street diner with and 9 yo Trey. Trey orders steak & eggs and the servers says, "Who you a Rockefeller?" Haha.
Our #A.C.T.I.O.N Project seniors are on their way to San Francisco for a conference, Have a great time guys!!!
Driving my new car!
thanks! Good luck with the competition!
we like to joke
#9 Texas Rangers
I want to do a local remix about Fleet Farm.
oh, everything is just fine, Kayla. (:
well, I have to agree with you on this one. Pugs and mullets are definitely two of my favorite things.
I guess on twitter my iPods my only form of communication lol
your tweets & connecting!
Welcome, members, guests, sponsors and speakers to the #AmericanAcademyFallSummit! We are thrilled to have everyone together in San Diego!
yeah cuz it felt like the devil was in the room. LOL. Remember Indy when it was so hot we had to drink Gatorades do we didn't die.
Arian Foster owners can't be too happy right now
Wait, there's places outside the US?!!!! RT : Americans: Y do a year overseas? 96% of humanity lives outside US. Get 2 know them
Africa & Europe Next
because we're on the west side and I'm hungry as shit
And where would I find it? I'm getting impatient.
Love my new tattoo. Pics coming soon!
I am so glad you are much better. I prayed & prayed for you to get better, was really worried when I heard from ur bro. <3
Thanks for the FF! Hope your Friday kicks ass and takes names
Happy Birthday Dan, just spotted it two days late. Hope you enjoyed it.
Feeling pretty good the last few days!!! YAY Maybe this is all over! I can start enjoying it!
have a great game & healthy game this Sunday. May you score many TD's!
When health is absent, strength can't fight, wealth is useless, & intelligence can't be applied.
I gotta learn how to deal with male groupies.
Sitting at #lmu waiting for #Nuggets practice to start.
What book/author got you hooked on reading when you were a kid? Mine was Charlotte’s Web.
Still haven't seen it T_T
Today's Specials: meatball parm sub and Arroz con Pollo. Soup: chicken and rice with veggies. See you for lunch.
Already got my Trespassing and I can't believe how great this album is. The best pop album since MJ's Thriller.
Filming a new sketch. Always a blast!
Attention attention teeth are very delicate after eating a scoop of the raspberry delight I repeat very delicate
Thank you for having us play last night! It was a blast! And Thank you for letting us use your amp we appreciate it
so mch homework... and tomorrows fridayy!!!! what the heck
Trying to get to Bellevue but you live in Seattle? You're screwed.
Tonight Trey Grimm rocks the keys 6pm, Richard Shaten 9pm no cover of course!
Transcribing interviews
Liz has taught me so many things in life. I'm proud to say she's the reason I'm successful, happy & confident.
2012 line up of new Artists is looking like the "Who's who of Tile but more over the Who's who in Design. Can't wait to release the line up…
Somebody who still wears converse. Kyle Macy is my guess.
didn't coachella 2012 just end? why are coachella 2013 tickets on sale on thursday? weird.
Holy crap. #weightofthenation just blew my mind. Makes me want to work out and be healthier.
ahahah fantastic!! me too :) tomorrow we start again.. no I'm so sad :( I cannot sleep until 13.00 p.m. :(
Ok thanks : So tired! I sent you the last items..
There's no reason for teachers to give students projects that are due a month away. We're going to procrastinate til the very end.
Dance time :)
Last day of #EEA12. Come to the exhibits by 5pm for discounts.
when are you and coming to the UK? We need you!!!
i wish
wait that was yesterday...don't have me all confused!! lol
I'm a guy, you're a guy, LETS HAVE SEX! IM KIDDING I'll settle for touchin tips
this has potential to be a repeat performance of yesterday
Sold out tonight in Kentucky!
"I can smell the bacteria on the meat"
Homeless people are so ungrateful.
"I know that's not his avi -__- looking like that" (ugly) lmao she's too funny
Lock down equals somewhere I never want to reside...
loving our new work from home perk! You can't beat working in your PJs!
I want someone who says I love you every night and proves it everyday<3
We're open for lunch! The food is hot, drinks are cold & the fire is on!!
please notice me!!! please 19
thanks that's very sweet and i'm sorry i don't know that show
And so it begins.. MT Hold it: "electric shavers are permitted at all times"?? Like, during *takeoff*? AWESOME is.gd/mKUPDM
oh good! ;-) I figured after Peter had his alone time it was only fair that Olivia have hers! O:-)
Bet launch includes a fashion shoot with Kwame Anthony Appiah.
only to see the banter between Adam Levine and Christina Ag that was just featured on
closing hymn just commenced. Don't worry, it's almost over.
Plaintains & sour cream? Oh that sounds good! No need for sugar with that!
Even after all these years, the fact that Sean Bean's first name doesn't rhyme with his last name bothers me far more than it should.
Congrats and Kendra on arrival of
All I can say is its monday
<---- great guys.. please follow them If you ain't already on it
And what a shame that was!
The reality of the facts of history almost never agrees w/the popular perception or understanding of most things!
Take up an entire aisle in Toys by setting up a full scale battlefield with G
"Hold on to crap and you start to stink! Let that stuff go!"—DJ (Talented&BrokeNOV26) ReTweet
The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows.Aristotle Onassis
Sleep all day!
yeah i will! im so fussy for shoes so me and my mum will be walking around for ages!
Omg a girl fainted & fell off the stage on american idol !
Just attempted to blow up 's phone with a simultaneous text/FB message/tweet mention w/ the same message. "I'm goin to SHABOOMS!!"
Which is better in an essay rubric, ease of use for the teacher or detailed point-dby-point for the student? Both seems a bad idea.
How the hell do u tax smthin that's 75 cent...Smdh.
Haha I been tripping but a nigga going to be a nigga anit no arond that
Very educational day symposium here in San Diego. Share the knowledge!
It's supposed to get up to the 50s today wtf
"The cause of high #unemployment is not insufficient aggregate demand...Rather, it is the high aggregate demand to stay home and watch TV."
so freakin tired!!!!
Me and my husband almost done watching all the seasons to the wire this shit good lol!
pshh , i wanna be !
This girl keeps bragging about the Drake concert #SMH #STFU and SIT YO ASS DOWN!
Even though he's a first degree ass, it is wrong of me to still be laughing at the play on his name --Rancid Pluvious. Universe, forgive me.
#wma2011. Body/physical/objective. Mind/mental/subjective. Spirit/quanta/cultural.
"We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of dreams" - Wonka HAPPY NEW YEAR!
Wow. Have you written about them or used it in an essay yet? You should.
I'm good, sorry to hear about everything u been goin thru!!
the person who is bringing champagne just text us "it's all about treating the future mothers of America well on Mother's Day"
DELL has two file services DX object store and Exanet NAS product
Happy Birthday!!
Today's the day! Our new show "IF A SCHOOL IS BROKEN...CAN KIDS FIX IT?" airs tonight at 9p ET/PT on
#boyfriend is going to blow heads off and it is going to kill people including me please follow me becuase #iloveyou !!! <3 <3
There is a lot of industry there. My aunt is in southern IN and we drive through a couple times a year.
Favorite Model of any kind or Video Vixen? Let know who they are so we can feature them on "DREAMGIRLS"!!
SHIT I didn't wish you a happy birthday via Twitter yet. God what is wrong with me!?
Interested in Royalty free music and sounds? #FF1 for music for your videos and podcasts. Working on presentation
very very veryy interesting. I can dig B. Johnson hahaha
tomorrow at the Navy base in Ft. Worth, then back to Nashville
Studying for a test?
all 4 are in it... Doug is supposed to be lost again... can't wait to see it.
About 50% of the time "good luck" means "fuck you
Haven't heard any quantitative approaches yet.
3 more till the bears pick!
Ca$h for Unwanted Vehicles 503-935-7105. Portland Junk Vehicles Service. Up to $2000 for Running Vehicles.
Woo Hoo - see you there!
the only one being irrational here is you. Can you tell me which Mayoral candidate is supported by anti gay Romney?
I don't like the lakers because of the laker fans, all they say is "KOBE GOT 5 WINGS." like anyone even cares.
autoflow my indesign file the policeman said
...time to get away
What would your entrance music be when walking up to the batters box? #MLB #Yankees #TheShow - Some comments will be featured on Chasing800!
#PMBLgameshorts are flying off the shelves 7 of 12 teams bought matching team shorts and took advantage of the #pMBLfullteamdiscount $25>$30
Good Morning. :o You should have some Cranberry for breakfast.
#SMASH-ing news! We’ve been renewed for a Season 2! // I LOVE THIS SHOW.
bigger is not better!
Peanut butter cups, chocolate covered coconut, chocolate santas, chocolate strawberries: I think Buddy the elf has been stocking my pantry..
Thanks, Cars.<3 I'm tryingg. Just one of those days, I guess.
It's also one of our favorites! We're putting out 13 new songs by December so stay tuned.
damn you chlorine
If you run across a group of people recording rock art in Big Bend, say hi to my grandma.
": They been having Enough on Oxygen so much lately..."<<<< that's my fav movie
hilariuos! Was going to Java Meetup but got called to a meeting :(
Lol I think I might use that line
Benadryl... you're supposed to make the pain go away, not the other way around!!!
May your neighbors protect you, Touble Neglect you, Angels protect you and Heaven accept you8<3
IF I ever get married, I hope I won't have a crazy ass mother in law
"My voice is my weapon." Okay, Paul Muad'Dib.
Don't forget, we'll be open tomorrow from 10am-2pm! Stop in to see some beautiful jewelry on a beautiful January day!
The feeling is mutual, and I've only made it to the parking garage. LYLAS!!
Dude, I'm fine with watching your things in the library for a min while you grab food. But you've been gone for 30...wtf I got things to do!
2 more days until !! #chicago #Who'sTheMama ;)
Looking forward to seeing you all tonight!
RT : Smile and breatheI All I need now is some pussy!
AGHHHH. HOW DO I KNOW IF I WAS PART OF THE FIRST 400 FOR M&G FOR AUSTIN'S CONCERT?! :o
What is fullfilling? Teasing my nephew.
#fridayreads #LTreadsFinished Neverwhere by on my NOOK last night. Placed hold on DVDs from the library!
We need to be careful that in worrying about e-books, we don't stop framing questions about reading, learning, and discovery.
Thank you
Things are happening... Just keep the faith :-)
Agriculture stocks are oversold here, thus, most are up today. AGU announced they would reveal better than exected earnings this quarter. …
thank u cousin.
I fucking hate Ottawa.
going to wendys with the faggot sister.
Use it! You could be pleasantly surprised, haha. Have a good time!
That akward moment when the girl u thought hatted u likes ur status
Screaming your digits at Blake and I from the taco bell drivethru at 3:30 am is not classy. But we appreciate the effort.
Having a nice anniversary dinner with my love.
I'm happy for the return of spring/summer except for one thing - The giant spiders with the head of Predator I find in my room around then.
If oranges smell like chicken, why are tomatoes blue? Think about it!
Happy Birthday sweetheart!!!
Person said I have no friends; is my friend on Facebook LOLOLOL
Recorded something of an episode tonight. Look for it soon on iTunes!
Haha, understandable. That is one of my favorite accents, btw
Just did! Thanks for the reminder. I haven't been doing upkeep on my twitter account lately...
btw your really cute.<U+E418>
I get to see my boo tomorrow! <U+E32D>
No time to waste...NOW is the time to realize your dreams! Indecision & Hesitation are 4 the Fearful, Action & Reward are 4 the Successful!
Join us at FACEBOOK :) www.Facebook.com/dealstextedtoyou
NASCAR Sprint Cup: Team Chevy - Drivers' Pre-Race Notes &amp; Quotes at Richmond - Auto Racing Daily
yes yes! As an actor, I focus on that too. smooth transitions are so hard to achieve. I knew I liked you for a reason xo
So when r u gonna make Kidd Chris a part of your show? He is good but seems depressed here in Portland.
getting ready for a nice morning run
up early for a show... gonna be a long day ahead.... hopefully it goes well so I can see how I'll do with a week of showing....
World has 1+ billion Indians, yet Hollywood chooses a white guy to play a character named "Khan Noonien Singh." How racist!
When I try to update my Zune to 4.5, it gets stuck at 0% of 'step 1 of 4: downloading updates." Are Zune DLs down?
I don't understand bro please stop:(
Ceelo choose wisely #The Voice
Vicki Clark: Membership is not affiliation. Affiliation is internal/emotional
I don't trust no females except for the same ones I see frequently
I made it to Manila ok. I have no idea where to find my direct messages through the web interface of twitter.
i just requested my radio station to play Water Tower Town (: on 101.9 The Twister (: in Oklahoma City (:
talking to my gf on the phone:)
thanks for stopping by!
You?ve got to sing like you don?t need the money, love like you?ll never get hurt. You?ve got to dance like no one is watching. It?s gott...
For the next two weeks we’re going to be sharing some our favorite photos from #TeenLifeLIVE! Feel free to tweet your own with the hashtag!
use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off your purchase, 10% off every future purchase! stay FRESH!
d follow me plz ?
Mine too. She's a spoiled princess & I adore her. Sort of like living with a perpetual toddler though.
Well thank you your so very sweet so is there anything you'd like to ask or know about me?
Just went out and made a snow angel...feeling better already!!
its gonna be krazy for Christ!!
While the '92 team is near and dear to me, the '12 team has to rank as the best lax team in school history.
First night in the new (old) house!
You're WELCOME!!! We're officially in the rainy season. Sunny in the am and monsoon in the pm. My grass loves it!!!
Who even goes to Dot's anymore... lol IDC a job is a job $$$$
not his own lawn at all. “: - His own lawn? #GhettoRoundUp #KillsWeeds”
I want to see snow so freaking bad right now :/
G funk, where rhythm is life, and life is rhythm
I know people in the USA who could do your website. They might trade you for paid web development referrals.
thank you, good sir. Looking fwd to lunching w you upon my return. is taking me to dinner and the theatre this evening. :)
good one! I was thinking that I can't recall the last time is USED (or saw) a pay-phone!! ;)
KOREAN POP STAR <3
If u ain't fu*king all the misguided women at the church god still got issues wit u for going all dem years & not reading da bible
In the gym with Vernnnnnn.
gotta get it
Don't cry because they left, smile because they gave you an opportunity to find someone better<U+2665>
#NP Electric Relaxation - A Tribe Called Quest...good morning!
mark madden, we both you know you not fan of me so please stop LYING.
Great to be w/family/friends - but miss you guys! So thankful for :-)
i wish i could go to vidcon, too bad im poor :3
And hopefully a ton of jobs...
A lil' of everything..From New Wave to punk, Grunge, 90's, Millenium, then mix in todays best offerings. Shake, pour, repeat
the tease is so sexy bro ! That shit is HOT ! (: the video is gonna be AWWWWSSOMMMEEEE c:
The worst thing you could do to a girl is compare her to another girl.
Shaolin Soccer STILL makes me laugh out loud. Watch it!
I'm not in a man hating mood......but I'm close.
Cuz when you fall, it seems like you just keep rolling down
<U+25BA>GOOD NIGHT<U+25C4>
MT : This editor lost sleep from noise of 10 flights between 12:30-1:30am courtesy of Ban nuisance night flights!
Hines good luck wherever you go...Arizona? How about hooking up with UNITY A JOURNEY OF HOPEgrant a cpl wishes b4 ya leave
okay dokey!! Hey ima go to sleep bc if not well write another crayon song
yea that's cool
Modern in Denver Mag photo shoot this morning. I've got a bottle of Veuve and a takobiki blade. May get interesting!
Partaking in the festivities... Enjoying a pint of Bitter American
Stop posting FB beach pictures. If I get jealous enough, I'll burn your house down while you're gone and blame it on that stray cat.
ABC has giving that Child Murderer Casey Anthony $200,000 this is wrong! DON'T WATCH ABC! Please RETWEET this Gene, Thanks Lee
I do not sleep well with an alarm clock. Like oh
RT : i was lucky--i had hamilton and andrus. those two single-handedly bumped me 2 or 3 places in...
Any girl who'd rather a guy who can talk, no matter how much they just go on like an idiot, ain't worth my time. I prefer silence. F' you.
They talk so much shit about other people so they can get some attention. Desperate cunts.
I'm an architect of days that haven't happened yet
I like it because it's useful, clear, and has its own name.
No need to front, this is straight-up exciting. Congratulations!
hahaha oh Dad, we would have a grand old time bzz-ing and scouting "eligible" bachelors all the live long day. ;) wish I was there!
One pratcie I saw work successfully for clothing lines is in the summer, cut back in costs by printing on thinner t-shirts
should have won. Freak of nature won ...
and Thanks for the follow!
RE: my appraisal of J Albas performance in The Killer inside me GF said: its not too hard to play a prostitute who gets f****d all the time.
oh the crazy things that happen with my #trackfam....love you guys!
sadly, yes.
10 minutes early for my 9am on Friday
Josh Jones tonight, Sat, October 23 at the Cigar Bar San Francisco
A miracle
6500 convictions thrown out because of dirty judge. Wow
Cosco's pizza is all bomb(; me and evelyn are straight grubbin <3.
holy smokes am i perilously close to making a japan joke? stop me. Never should hang out with you before six.
Question - "How does one become a butterfly?" Answer - "You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar."
No kidding. Feel the same way abt C blanket licensing here in states. Urgh.
Cotto is class, Mayweather is champ. Cotto goes home proud, Floyd with a HUGE paycheck but a prison cell waiting for him
Why doesn't stalkers ever look like supermodels?!
Thats fake and im not fake
I'm starting to think the real problem is having second thoughts about releasing podcast
Looks like has a new fan in I'm getting email updates on her stellar performance at the #Lotte. Love it.
Educators facilitate someone else's learning. This is difficult bc people are coming from different backgrounds. -
RT : Life is a struggle because we struggle with God. We want to be God & there’s no way we'll win that.Surrender is peace.
very nice....may the Hand of CROM anoint your hands with victorious battles , many wimin and many palaces!!
With focus on outcomes, libs are ahead of higher ed, says CSCC's David Harrison, which is still moving from inputs to outputs
The ONLY possible explanation for my schedule over the next three weeks is that I hate myself.
Lol yeah. I'm in fashion marketing....we jus coolin
Legalizing gay marriage. Why don't they legalize pot. America
DAILY POKER TIP: Try to look under the table during hands. This will show you if someone shakes their leg often or has a nervous tick.
the draft is coming up and the NBA playoffs are about to start. When July comes, you'll probably go crazy lol.
It's nice when people remember the things you thought they'd forget(:
Malaysian listed XiDeLang eyes dual listing in Hong Kong
I really like what you've done to me, I can't really explain it. I'm so into you
Another day, another dollar... looking forward to going to the gym to work-out! Yeah babe!!!!
Our Idiot Brother, that's high on the list for us this weekend. Paul Rudd always brings a chuckle.
Worcester Park cat celebrates big birthday
The world really could use five or six more Blue Nile albums.
I am willing to taste any drink once.
When the game starts tonight I'm only reading tweets of followers who rep Lakers all day everyday. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
I just got some ARVs, hopefully the afterbangs will understand...
I love you can I get a RT plz!!! :)
you need to find some super real people it sounds like
summer time!
can you oovoo? (:
easter bunny arrived, Im was relieved that the big EB knows of her love of skull flip flops
Magnificent #DC day!
Dropping off #SXSWbuffalo swag to close friend of the label over drinks. Good way to do business.
#Impact trade for Tyson Wahl from the #Sounders for allocation money
hey thanks! this is the exact thing i was looking for!
RT : Scoreboard shows Derek Lowe in the dugout and the fans cheer at Fenway. Those 2004 guys will drink free forever in New England
RT : I hope I find Mrs Right soon...
#stm2012 cost of publishing is one of the costs of research Patterson
somebody stop me, i just signed up for the MS50 50K, #runla my conversion is complete
Today was fun! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Your gonna want me bacc cuz,but by that time its gonna be too late !
IP litigator Jeffrey Gerchick, formerly of Kenyon & Kenyon, has joined the Washington, D.C. office of Quinn Emanuel.
well HTC just came out with the HTC One S. The constant production and availability of newer phones drives down prices.
I'm no genius, but I am smart enough to know that there is no ''x'' in the words ''especially'', ''espresso'', or ''ask''...
Has good friends. We were all too young to tell them any better. They wouldn't have listened, anyhow.
Looking forward to the first full band rehearsal tonight in preparation for the CD Release Party!
where u at foooo I got some of Ben Aflack and train wreck with ya name on it Kum FWM!!!!!!!!!!
hahaha lucky numbers am i right? :P Hablas espanol?
Great win by the NY Knicks!!!! 28 points
I didn't get to watch #blogtv last night because I went skating and practiced cheerleading.. :( I wanted to watch
U heard the weekend mixtape? RT Nostalgia, Ultra...so creative...
Anyone on Christmas break yet ?
Picnic at the Arboretum. Yes please. Now, what shall we take to eat? And what delicious beverage shall we place in the wine holder. :)
awww that sucks... you should make a complaint
Rare lunch & movie with daughter.
Yes. I love that. "It's just stuff, moving." And how moving it is.
you have an amazing sense of style!
For our walk-in and website customers. We just got back in stock today many of the ACCEL Cap/Rotor Kits. They will be updated online today.
If the grass is 4ft and the mower only cuts 3ft, how many wrenches can you fit up a sea otters ass?
yeah :) Ever since we were 14
its hot as balls in this house...
In about a week people are going to be done comparing the '12 #brewers record with the '11 record. They got hot this time last year.
They're trying to figure out how the puck got into the net? Seriously? The stupid, it burns.
well thats not a good start
: Hey Gerald, got some great photo's of you and the group. We need to get together!
Say "art history mystery" out loud five times fast
i believe that!! :) Happy Sunday!! :)
Lights on the Manoel - Times of Malta
why do you think I'm a stalker
Actually, I'm just kidding, I think you have to go to Japan for doll marriage.
- Great Butch Vig video! Definitely been a fan of those. We did the other-band-member double on some Tcoms stuff too, and loved it!
Pringles are disgusting. Why did I even put that in my mouth? :/
Waittin to make this phone call >_<
` , Try PM Gallery or ! Pretty much every store in will be having a cool holiday themed Hop tomorrow night!
Dear PETA: there are children starving to death and children being horribly abused the world over, every day. I think the pigeons can wait.
What Does It Mean to Put #Students First?
Oh, I meant the twitter. Looks like it's working.
“: shout outs to my new follower «« #NF”
that's what moms r for ;) thank God for them
I broke my Twitter to Facebook app. Woops.. It should be working now..
Replying now - should be in your inbox in just a minute. Thanks!
Of course when I have school I am clean as a whistle, but when it comes to vacation I'm sick as fuck -.-!
and : They came.
RIP M-Bone from Cali Swag District. Im doing the dougie in ur memory.
though herman cain may be the most underqualified dude i've seen in a minute haha.
who me is this the right number
Yeah. I thought the guy on there was cute. No idea how I didn't realize back then that he was totally gay.
I just got IRL Bel-Aired.
Buffalo Bills - trade down! Best choice in this deep NOT top heavy 2012 NFL Draft- load up on picks, get lineman.
What inspires you? Share with others why you support the Heart & Stroke Walk and what keeps you going.
Think the #Brewers made a good decision on he calls a great game. Welcome to the Brew City!
Exactly! Positano, Paris... meaning, if you choose perfume wisely, you can go to the BEST places. :)
can you call me?
Big companies were behind SOPA too.
Right on baby boi.
We're taking PRE-ORDERS for our 'LIKE ME' EP Head on over to the #KissingBooth and reserve your copy!!!
Ppl can never say they're not social with all these networks they've mastered
very strong presence by Nashville in the Coyotes zone in this first period
Good Afternoon to our new followers!
thank you! You should try it, it's easy and fun!
Apologies for being that annoying Vote for ME! girl but I need monies to go back to school so please, vote for me?
I'm a sucker for Ben Kweller's Music and will likely by his new album "Go Fly a Kite" very soon...preview = good old fashioned AM gold.
However, neighbors came out to give water and food for it, though it still needed to be fed by it's parents.
Guys LETS TREND #DARETOLIVE!
About 5 years ago I started noticing I always caught the time at 9:11... It haunts me to this day
I wonder how many colloquialisms I can use in place of "redirect" in this file's comments. "Head back", "kick back", and "punt back" so far.
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
KLINGON CHRISTMAS CAROL HAS LOTS OF YELLING
Maybe they win when I don't watch?
Awesome I think these tracks are mixed and ready to be sent out.
I could totally go for a jug of some Sangria right now
We can do better
hate Sundays. Only because they consist of homework, homework and some more homework. Oh and the thought of going to school the next day.
Thank you for the FF! Have a great weekend and enjoy the game tonight. GO PACKERS =)
-Come Up For Air...Ctfu
Just got an email from the GPSS at the UW that addressed both lobbying for more funding for higher ed, and an upcoming speed dating event
Haha happened to me too. RT : Only once I've finally cancelled my fax line, of course I need to send a fax.
Ha, Political Organizing 101, let's say :P ... Will you be joining the masses downtown?
Attracting best people is essential for creating a great workplace. Culture is the people strategy.
At least the #Braves , #Falcons & #Hawks got something in common .
Well, it's the Athenian Cafe IN Pike Place. RT : *noted*
Seriously, how is it Friday already?! I love my job :)
marry me. in related news i have had to Make Some Rules for Myself about this through trial and error. lessons
When the Lakers want to make Denver pay for doubling Bynum, the best playoff 3PT lineup they can do is Blake - Barnes - Kobe....ewwwwww.
We should all make it our icon for the game tomorrow x)
my cousin's boyfriend? how did you manage to find this out hahah
Preparing for Amelia Island performance later this month.
Trying to buy a TV at I understand why they are closing stores now.
play me in scrambles
realize he is wrong. Another thing is that I don't believe Stewart wouldn't be catching if the playoffs started today. He said the same
Final play I saw as a Nuggets employee... dunk.
Bright side, no school again for me!:))
RT : "The key . . .GoGivers give from strength, never from weakness" "Givers give from a place of love."
WHATTSS THE NUMBER TO THE RADIO :O
Free residential disposal of paint, electronics, batteries, fluorescent lights and chemicals by appointment only Jan 29 call 619-287-5696
how are things on rodney?
"Scrubs" ? Im Not : p Sweetie
my cohort just played ethnography charades for an hour
Thanks for the follow. Can you teach me how to print 100-dollar bills?
I'll give you a call before noon if that works for you
A photographer all the way in North Carolina wants to work with me when they come down to NJ, hopefully soon awww. :D
thanks! i may have to check that out if it doesnt go away!
The Business Finance Store Describes Five Successful Home-based Businesses - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Thank god he moved. I swear if he didn't him and Farris would've been still been hitting me -___-
go with rodgers...
another beautiful day in the roc. tx you skeeter harris for the work you did today for boulder. twestival meeting today @ brooks landing.
The mural is finished and it is AMAZING!!! Come and visit it today!
Office pizza. The taste of late.
it's a Lazaro!
we're sorry and thank you for being so understanding. We welcome any and all feedback!
Thanks! We need lunch soon - DM me some dates.
kels ur not dumb. don't b so hard on urself (:
Getting 100 dollars tomorrow for like no reason. Parents, you've redeemed yourself.
Monday motivation -"You believe in something? You gotta believe in it right to the end of your toes & you gotta go for broke."- Ray Kroc
Why I love my job: met most fascinating doctor today, injured in combat, came back from brain injury to help vets. Story forthcoming.
have a safe trip! love you !
I'm really excited to see the ballerinas <3
=) its the damn truth at times
thanks for the #FF!
When was the last time the #Brewers had a 1B, 2B, SS combo as weak as the ones hitting 6-7-8 today?
we shall c sir
I miss you! RT : Anything of worth will not come easy, you must risk everything.
Not to our knowledge. If/When you are ready to order Le Viet give us a call at 504.644.3512! We'll be happy to get it for you!
I cant because you do not follow me yet
The Sedins must be adopted, no way they are Swedish lol
happy birthday to my wonderful sister love you!!!!
Loiter Squad. You're welcome.
Graphic Of The Americas Show last week was a success for MPN, AutoClam and Crest #Diecutter strong interest
I think they call that a clam bake
Check out my new video "Survive"
haha none the less glad i got to kinda speak to you! Ill always remember you n walt n i will teach my kids of you guys one day
DC: 17-18 degrees this weekend. If you don't have to go out, stay in the house. WHERE'S THE GLOBAL WARMING WHEN YOU NEED IT???
these two weeks better fly by! We are a pretty mopey pair
Hanging with folk
no:((( the power point won't work and ugh I'm so stressed right now...:(((
I'm just going to pretend Pacioretty and Abdelkader are other people.
The best part about being a Raven is that u get to hear Ray Lewis's inspiring speeches b4 games! Lol
Our of $500. Let guy bluff every str, he riv a str. fl pair and fd vs top 2 -he held. raised, and called a squez- he riv fl. Got $100 bnty
We also broke cookies together -- yum!
Good morning business associates, another great cloud day in North Texas. Let's make it a good one!
I wish my dad was Albert Hammond.
Many thanks to everyone who joined the project or helped spread the word. It has been funded!!! Lots of exciting news on the way.
Hunter Fieri is cute ;)
:) xoxo thank you love.
Jake Bevendez, J Bruuce, Aross Experience, This Was Hypersection ... Coolio Franco RT Worcester has a nice Electro artist
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY SWEETIE YOU ARE A GREAT MOTHER INDEED GODBLESS MUCH LOVE :)
I'm shooting and editing consumer product videos for Jim Ellis auto dealerships, and AT&T mobility for the foreseeable future. What's with…
In the mean time the team will be continuing their rugby development through their own means, aiming to improve before the Fall 2012 season
I Want Some Lasanga
8/26/2010 Social networking a must for business Tulsa World
we were in the zone
Merry Christmas to all my twitter friends ! Be safe
Where the Wild Things Are ...
I would think if they end up at #2 they take that LT from USC...that dude is a beast
that's the word I was looking for!
Idk what's wrong with me, I'm just angry right now.
Getting surprised visits from your friends. >>
Favorite words this time of year: "Trifecta, Superfecta, Julip."
yeah, i still prefer the '94 version to the new one. but i'll take the original '72 vinyl over either of those any time of day.
I love it when students ask how someone lives out process theology & I can refer Bruce Epperly’s “Holy Adventure”
So much packed into this dlc #ForcesOfNature IS GONNA BE the best one yet
awwwwwh!!!!!! i miss my brother V.V haha yeah morgans still awake... but annas asleep o.o
Remember, there is always someone else doing what you won't to be successful!
Whisk Social team is looking for creative photoshop designer! Know someone? Project based, PT and FT.
This nigga hunter too funny
Watching "Criminal Minds" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
heading to Kaseys
u can't ask simple as question to a BOI wit out them feeling threaten pussi ask niggahz i was realli trying to be nice to u now u a FUCKBOI!
o I get it now(: and ya I know
About to go to the mall.!
Funny Thing About Getting Pistol Whipped Is.. - Friends
The line up for Raleigh palooza is insane! I WANNA GO!
I bet your grandma smells.
I think I like it but they appear to be taking a "New Coke" approach to things. I imagine a lot of people are unhappy.
I got no ride so needing2find a ride
I feel the same, maybe we are on the wrong way which is against our heart.
Two Thumbs Up!
Just met the adorable Kerry Peeples of I am in love with their company & excited to find an opportunity to work together!
hey i'm not weird =/ lol
As the days pass, we're losing the people we remembered for greatness.
Missed so much of #fashionstar. Glad I'm catching the finale.
So incredible to see Charleston, SC on the cover + featured inside the Wall Street Journal today.
whats up Marty let me know when you are back in Detroit we can grab some beers and greens
Congrats to for getting her digital storytelling certificate from
BYE ill come back in three Hours For ABDC !
Highlight of the night at the CAMH gala was meeting a female impersonator who spotlights as a caterer in the evenings.
Practice your #English by tweeting in it. :)
So great to finally meet you today before the #yoga class for #wellnesswednesday! Hope to see you again!
Hell chea RT : Roll up and get paid....
I have "Mr.Happy" delusional ass over here always tellin me how to do my sh*t..... o_O
Thanks to all Bay Area EMPs who joined us last night, and congrats to and others who rallied!
Tibetan monks are setting themselves on fire to protest the Chinese Occupation of Tibet. Chinese Occupyers respond by bringing marshmellows.
some board op goofed
I could hear that joke 1000 times today, and it would always be funny
Just had a minivan try and race me....that was just sad.
16-13 Clippers after one period of play. Both teams shooting a combined 28% from the field.
I'll be there in 10. And wtf Luke?
mixtape ideas 'I Fucking Hate Middlemen' 'Young Bern: That Lazy Flow' 'Berner and Spaz One: Will Anyone Buy This?'
learned a very important lesson tonight - always have spare drum heads in your case.
Column: Like Mongo, players pawn in bigger game
Off campus lunch is nice, it feels like we break out of prison for like 30 minutes lol
Why no reply :(
scary spice reads harry potter
Thank you for the #FF!
It's National Chocolate Chip Day! Celebrate by whipping up a batch of chocolate chip cookies tonight.
:) RT All I cn tell U is is incredible. ths was 1 of her gems "U have 2 go deep if U wnt 2 create!"
The only follows I get on twitter are robots deployed by porn sites posing as sexy girls from places like Walker South Dakota.
can I get a <3 please? <3333
I'm definitely going to watch #AmandaKnox's Diane Sawyer interview and read her People magazine story.
Follow She gives great #recipes, #kidfriendly, and super tasty. Fun tweets for all!
Registered Wisconsin State Fair Park Youth Foundation with iGive.com, GoodSearch.com and GoodShop.com. Shop, Search and Support - WSFPYF
Now speaking: House Corrections Chairman Jerry Madden. Talking about his involvement in criminal justice reform.
Opening The Youth Movement Stage at the Fest are the sweet harmonies of the San Diego Children's Choir. Catch them at 12:15 on 10/16!
Today is Mother's Day *-* Omg I love U forever
hit me up on twitter when you get back 3>
yeah, similar to fragments. but people dont go crazy over fragments
Many thanks! RT ": The Tananarive Due Daily is out!" YOU are my all time fave author! The Living Blood is MOVIE material!;)
you guys are the tits! :D thanks for following <U+2665>
Awesome! I just sent you an email with more info!
I know all about that "tendency". Trying to break it...but...things like this make it difficult!
Crap! I wish I could. I have a noon teleconference and am catching the supershuttle at 1:35 for BWI. Miss you, in fact.
Thanksgiving is a few days away and wants you to know how GRATEFUL we are. Our Ugandan women also say "Weybale Nyo" (thank you)
really great, you?
Author website if you're planning on writing more than one.
Hi , unfortunately the warranty policy does not cover the sneaky minds of children ;p Maybe place the cameras out of reach?!
Author clients know me well. I received 3 books (yes, actual printed books you can touch & feel) and a couple Starbucks giftcards. Perfect!
yes sir I am
Not sure how I feel about the new show 'The Pitch' on AMC. It's an interesting look inside the creative process though. Agency folks?
nope, I've been so lonely without yall
Don't forget, SAXAppeal at 10pm!!!!
take me Sunday!!!
LEBRON JAMES. DO I HAVE TO KNOCK YOUR HEADBAND OFF FOR YOU TO GET CLUTCH IN THIS BITCH?!?!
good to know I'm not the only one to have noticed thy little gem
cool. Ever to be an Austin Toros game?
yes we do!
At a certain point I really just became obsessed with trying to prove they were related. Still am, apparently.
DOC!:D
haha yeah older Octavius was such a stud, Atia was my fav such an awesome bitch
#TextsThatLeadToSex my dick's not gonna wet itself
But Bynum is playing much better in the second half.
fudge, i know. So is Alesana, my all time favorite band!
If starting now, you could have $500 a day until the next time you touched your lover/spouse, how long do you think you would avoid contact?
Arrrgh! It's International Talk Like a Pirate Day - what pirate word do you be liking you land-lubber?!
Oh shit whats nancy up to now. #futurewife RT : Season 8 of Weeds premieres July 1st. Enjoy your sandwich.
This substantial, upward status improvement with Pinksheets is part of an overall strategy to improve and boost Hop-on’s stock liquidity
Instead of thinking about what you're missing, try thinking about what you have that everybody else is missing.
Oy ain't that the truth
Are you surprised? I'm pretty sure the people there still think it's 1995
Random thought of the day: "you generally don't win when arguing with a cult leader."
Made my mom breakfast and bought her flowers. :) Happy mothers day! :)
Plus, as a former juvenile case manager, I know that cops arrest kids all the time on charges they know the state will drop
ha! I'm a bulletin alum too. She did a great job making a boring subject interesting! :)
There's even a #HappyBirthdayRoday hashtag! If he knew what a hashtag was we're sure he'd love it... Right ?
Catch the show MinneSingers now in Fargo, ND !! On local Access Channel 99 Monday nights at 6:30 pm !!
No matter who wins... This Marc vs. Ruben battle needs to continue! Hilarious!
Performing arts in danger in boston
ALEX LOVES JACK.
Could you use someone's account that already has & lives in the US or would that still take you the the Euro side?
thank you thank you!
Justin everyone is coming to 12th and Porter for Kink Ador and Brian Fuente tonight. Join us instead?
Procrastinated and lazed around all day and now I'm paying the price!! Le sigh. When will I ever learn?!?
remembering the elementary school talent show.
RT : Most chicks are too materialistice for me
Derrick Williams=franchise player :)| @
she dont wanna man she just want fucked!
What r the names of the 3 drinks on the menu that r meant for 2 people & what are their names? 1st 2 tweet ans wins $25 gift cert
super easy can of pink salmon w/juice an egg and cracker crumbs. Make into parties and fry.
Might fuck his bitch just to piss em off..
May is #family #month for Flores Chiropractic #PDX! Come bring your kids in for an adjustment and keep the whole family healthy!
I think that the republican party is imploding on itself. Better the devil I know than the one I don't.
Thanks to all the panelists at #openrestdc great event!
thank you :) and haha don't feel that way, you're not! Liam's gfs age :p but yea it's fine.
Longest day of my life? Possibly.
you need to listen to music more.
had a great time with watching a great movie. holy crap. i love it!!
You're such a hipster.
this is nonsense, and will be a very long series
Thanks for some recognition on Klout, Gene! Hope you're doing well.
no problem. Happy New Year.
Epicness is about to hit the stage!
I wouldn't have wanted to spend the past five years of my life any other way <3
So I just won a $1000 gift card to Victoria Secret :o which lucky lady wants to be my girl now bahahaha
Have you ever had that moment where you think someone is mad at you and it scared you cause you don't wanna lose them? I have. #imsorry </3
i hate it when i can't stop thinking about that one person, and deep down inside i know they probably haven't thought about me once :\
photography today:))
“: If you ate food and you didn't put it on Instagram, did you really eat it?” totes.
My backpack is a mess, just like my life.
My head hurts, i need pills.
I MIIIIIIISSSS YOOUUUU!! Can I see you soon?!?!
RT : Some facts to snack on: First time Rox have ever overcome deficits of 5-plus runs in consecutive games.
Good day of planning with SugarCRM and IBM. Big plans ahead. Very exciting.
Or going to certain bars while she decides what she wants. What should I do? Ladies your oppinion?
The shoulder doesn't function in isolation. Functions of shoulder strength, velocity and balance are related to scapula position and rhythm
Awe that's nice! And thanks for the follow as well (:
finisshed my 3 page paper, bout to get a bout to eat im hungry AF!
“: Fun is the greatest. (the band not the thing, though the thing is good too)” RTRTRTRT
I am so full!!!
Does anyone wanna grab lunch and hang out this afternoon? I'm down for whatever. Someone text me.
very nice!!
Depends on how the 3D scan comes out!! RT : Are you anticipating plastic surgery?
My boyfriend could use some suits. Not what UR thinking probably ... RT : Can anyone rec an org for donation of mens business suits
like when blocked that kick against Tenn.
If only my #caps had won. Heartbreaking...
THAT'S BOLD TALK FOR A ONE EYED FAT MAN
District Court dismissed proposed class-action claims against Sony for alleged violations of the Video #Privacy Protection Act (VPPA)
sad! I wanted to go but had deadline and I am sick. Tell my work wife hi!
Happy Monday to all our followers!
Spacious open interiors featur air conditiong, vertical blinds, dishwashers & large kitchens. .
Be sincere.
ok. just wanted to know. :). your not mad at me... are you
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary. -Mark Twain
And the star of the parade is just whoever happens to be driving down the street when it starts.
California girls!!! Lol
happy birthday Maxi! Enjoy. ..behave lol
earth rotates at 1,040mph, orbits the sun at 66,705mph, and the sun orbits the center of the milky way at 465,182mph. roughly.
im good baby, jus got in from a very long night lol
Today , set your intention on one thing happening exactly the way you want it to, in detail, do not wander and ponder the alternative. Go4it
pretty cool story, #happybirthdaybella !!!!!!
hahaha indeed, indeed!
Show me the convo
Restarting the whole song because you missed your favorite part.
Thank you. Blessings to YOU! RT “: ......Universal Morning Blessings All Around.............<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0080>”
Finished #Quitter by Great perspective. Highly recommend it! Wish I'd read it yrs ago. And no we're not related.
How many people do you know that drinks either coffee or tea daily? Your ad could be on those cups.
Do I ever even cross your mind?
haven't touched it since my BD, but I might drink some Friday night.
Nice Hamilton. Where was that when we were in the world series.. :3
Someone just asked me if.I had a twitch LMFAO Df
no wino, YUM!
their logo totally makes my eyes hurt, though. not exactly relevant, but yikes.
Working on new menu concepts this morning for Fortune Village! Looking around for some Asian inspiration!
Chaz has man boobs.
Meaning say what your petition is about and I will RT it. So everyone will sign. We r making jailtime for bullies.
ohok was just wondering
Getting ready for Zoe's recital...
Every time you tweet when the market goes up some other asshole is going to tweet when its down and I'm going to hang myself
You never really know how beautiful a girl is till you actually speak to her. Personality holds the strongest kind of beauty
What's up homey. Are they auditioning you for the KR job.
hey i texted you like 7 times you didnt text back ???
was too fun meccin w/ u tonight
good... imma call u n a few
DEVILS FANS!!!WHAT'S YOUR BUCKET?...BUD LIGHT, BUDWEISER, BUD LIME FOR $15 BUD LIGHT PLATINUM $20..MILLER LIGHT $15..
GM!!!! time to start my day, this will be an amazing day...I can feel it! :D
Lets go for a 3-0 run tonight Thunder UP!
1789: George Washington attends inaugural ball (Presidential)
I thought it was but I did the research and its not, if it was it would explain where his true talent was during his time here
what kicks you busting out for it?
I lose my mind daily. But its ok, I always find it.
Know a low-income person who needs a cell phone? Send them to our workshop March 15! Contact us for info.
sounds like fun, we really need to start haning out more, i need some new friends :/
u coming home for Christmas cuz?
My car sounds like a T-Rex
Post your projects, jobs and meetups for free on the Blellow boards. You post 'em, we'll help you get the word out! :)
I wish I was an alien like Paul! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Im listening to Thug Music !
that man Roscoe Dash in the songs he's featuring in be Slappz #Fact lol
as a brand, has an amazing mix of quality and creativity. Then they top it off with consistency!
I think I'm gonna throw up. Like for real this can't be happening.
Just got done with smashing this motherfucking charleys' sub.. Talk to old lady into giving me extra bacon..lol!! Stomach Turning nah though
She said you're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air! ;)
Between, thee cheeeeeaattsss, owww ohh. My husband is the finest most handsomest lover and still makes this housewife blush
Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones RT : All right Rondo, pizza, now best TV show. Go.
Baum: if you want to affect behavior you have to target programs at students who are more price sensitive
2 hours and counting till Bocuse d'Or dinner at Addison with chefs Bradley, Kaysen, Cimarusti and Keane.
On the bus with my bros. Brandon,Hunter, and Wesley. School should be good today.
Q4: How about a good quality bike. RT: You can so tell the difference between quality and crap.
"Baby I'm a star tonight, I'm up in the sky tonight"
Awesome! Can't wait to have some 2010 this side of pond. The Piquentum Blanc 2009 developed so nicely in btl.
to all the kids who got high on 4/20.. good job, you're so cool. you can quit posting statuses about it now.
back to square 1. Thankful for amazing family and friends and of course you
Survival comes from knowing when to fight
hair pulling >
Thanks Kitty!
Just received the scariest phone call ever. My daughters elem school is in lock down after police reports of gunfire in area. Students r ok.
Shout out to the judges for tomorrow nite's rhymecal competition---> and Subcon
thanks for the RT!
Our buzz is earned. Period
Playing a set at Mighty in SF tonight. I'll record it and post it some time next week. :-)
Nice Mother's Day. Just finished listening to #ArmedAmericanRadio with my kids.
Yea he and everybody else killed it ": #10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Marvins room ."
Non-ambiguity is the shaping force of reality. -Joseph Pierce
i dont like company at the crib....im good
hi! please email us: if you're having trouble with the app
Love making up for sleeping 5 hours a night during the week with sleeping 12 hours straight on a Friday night/Saturday day
CD making me a believer!
that's dumb cause it says that user doesn't exist lol
I'm miss emotional today.
omg!! Sunny or as I call you "fake"..I love you so much girl And I'm happy we are so close you like a sister to me ...
- good! Thanks. Just trying to juggle everything - How are you doing? Good summer?
No prob bro! Call me blankets, I got u covered
Oh where have you gone ?
so was the exam considered family or was some #interspecieserotica involved?
-- great, Jodi. Been absent from your chat for a while, but I always read up afterwards!
Congrats!! and Matt Bennett!! I love you guys!!!! <3
I can just see my VH1 behind the music special now.
Once upon a time I was told that and oft-visited SF. Well... I have yet to witness such a visit.
I read a very interesting book last night. I can't stop thinking about it.
I like to read, she likes to write, she likes to sleep and I like to stay up all night
How the hell could anyone think Lil Wayne is better than Kanye West???
Sometimes I wish I were a cartoon! They have the best adventures!!
Comment of the year so far. The fact that Skip Bayless has a hand in coloring so many folks sports opinions is terrible
Happy Birthday to: Have a great one today!
I like going back and watching 90s nsync concerts and counting all the fat weeping gothic girls
Respect. Nobody has the right to judge people from wherever they come from, their gender, by their appearance or for who they are.
hey there! I am super! How are you? Where are u from?
agree//“: IMO, Google+ is only getting publicity because of Google's constant pushing. I don't see base volume there.”
Goodbye Twitter and all my followers...this is my last tweet ill ever make
Ted Stoogent claiming to be an extremely loving and passionate man.... while yelling of course.
I JUST SAW THEM IN CONCERT
#ruby #rails Common resume mistakes, have us evalute your resume before you share it with employers. Send it to
(I expect to instantly be followed by baseball and TV stuff. Or, perhaps people who love boardwalks.)
Can't come half stepping if you tryna get it all...
Finally watching the avengers. Eh 3D will do.
This is like taking candy from a baby.
My nipples are bothering me "/
the giants don't wont to win
please follow mee i love youu
you can tweet/Do anything you want
Have an idea for a cake? Let's talk cake via Skype
Church in the a.m.... Goodnight lovelies!
Lois Craig, former associate dean at MIT’s School of Architecture and Planning
That makes more sense. For a distracted moment there I actually felt like I wasn't two+ years behind in coding terminology.
We're psyched,! RT Finally today, my daughters and I will get to see the vaunted rock legends of.... SUSPICIOUS PACKAGE.
hope you have a fabulous day Brian!
is basically ready for bed, but it's light out. Hm.
Congratulations to our first Team Sponsor - IBEW!
I love that movie!
Thanks for the Twitter Chat today!
Aw Craig, thank you so much! Don't be sad, will see your tweets are very amazing. #DontGiveUp ;)
RT : Do you know someone who would make a great #AXO at the University of Arkansas? Email us at !
Can't get comcast to hook up my TV. Only alternate is AT&T--but I can't get THEM to hook up my phone!
You don't think we'll hear him belt out "And I Am Telling You"?
3 days til my bar mitzvah. oh. And go follow now. She can get you 1000 followers INSTANTLY.
AYHOLLAIFYOULIKEYABEAT DOWN LOW, DOWN LOW, DOWN LOW
on me u might be stuck for a minute on repeat like how did he do all this?
omg flash! lol
Recently obtained Nats pitcher Drew Storen. A true class act, one of the nicest MLB players out there!
overcast music, the best shit ever!
Just spent the weekend at #Regis University with Dr. Teresa Christensen learning all about Play Therapy and the a4PT! I am IN LOVE!
I've been invited to participate in the #Noteflight beta testing for MIDI. So far so good!
Don't worry about the people who talk behind your back. It just means you're a step ahead of them.
#Justin Please Follow Us
One arm in use 4 days after shoulder surgery. At least I have use of my good arm. I think my Mac has voice to text, anyone know?
Darwin. Explain douchebags. Natural selection must be selecting hard for these mofos. So goes the species...
Looking forward to it! RT : I will be there for brunch this weekend
Thanks everyone for an amazing National Volunteer Week! How did you recgonize your volunteers this week?
You should've ran a few Pretty Woman zingers past your cabbie to see if you could creep him out.
Thanks for the s/o!
I'm at the gym and realized that all of these mothers are too young to have kids in HS; trophy wives that get allowance?
Happy Birthday !!!<3 (:
i enjoy learning new things, but I do wish this web design thing would go a little faster so I could spend more time on other artsy stuff
in a matter of 10 minutes i got 32 notifications, guys im too cool ^-^ fucks with me
The last time I slept with a girl was about 2 months ago when I passed out drunk. The last time I fucked a girl... about 5min ago.
Are you aware of the uses of the piano pedals?
New pieces are up! Czech em out: www.midcenturymobler.com
Please ask away if you have any #Fitness or #Nutrition Questions!
Ah nope!
Sorry My computer was down yesterday, It looks great , thanks for the pic, I am so glad you like it
15 hours out & about.Fuck that noise. I hate being so busy.School,physical appointment,practice,drivers Ed,tanning, & finally home.
Hey Sharon, bookkeeping sucks. I have a newfound respect for what you do.
10 different stories from 10 diff't ppl who all believe their's the truth. What U believe & how U perceive something 2B dictates ur truth.
Kevin Hart be telling jokes within his tweets haha I can hear his voice in every tweet _LMAO (:
that sounds good!
Same here but you're much better off with just regular Hulu. Hulu + has less content for current TV shows over regular shows
- sad you ousted me as mayor of the Mayflower Hotel on , take good care of it.
RT : My Daddy is gonna be happy about Boondocks returning ><yeah I'm happy!! :-)
Amazing weekend with , , and last but not least
love you fluell!
what's the big deal that you're waiting for ?
#SomeoneIWantToMeet And one day it will happen!
It's FREE!! Parking is $7, though.
aw brought her grandma with sweet!!!!
Salsa dancing under the stars at the Mari Luna Rooftop party in Pikesville Sunday, July 24. www.salsanow.net for more info.
Yess intel dell thanks
I don't get why my boss doesn't get that I'm on vacation. Texting me and calling me on my personal phone is not cool. I don't care this week
I bet Crush the Turtle from Finding Nemo loves 4/20.
that needs explanation at least, preferably pics!
Oh, the book? Glad you liked it. Such an important story.
Diet is going good
aw yeah!!!
T-minus one day until iPhone 4 presale!
Mad that I can't find my Eclipse movie!
#20ThingsAboutMe a lot of people think I'm guy crazy, but there's maybe 2 people on this planet I would actually date...
You bring out the beast in me.
Thanks for setting me straight!
That's horrible!
Yes yess yes! Love your projection!
M egg whites + feta
Still can't tell the truth we see. Makes you a well of lies.
there will definitely be photos. Not sure on rotational view since it requires flash but I'll look into it :)
Mega Cavern with the family last night. Cool lights! Glad to see they didn't leave God out of it.
itwas overwhelming & fun-met some good peeps. Now onto my next proj. How r u doin? VMS ain't the same w/o u here!
Thanks for sharing! The Operations Coordinator position looks like a great opportunity.
Man is the head of the family, woman the neck that turns the head.~Chinese Proverb
hahaha...you're a fat girl trapped inside a skinny girl's body. <U+E415>
You are welcome. Wish you were here to visit too. Miss you much! XoXoXo. :)
"You know what's awesome...OTHER CITIES!". -Lance McDaniel taking on Tulsa
Thank you for the RT, Russ! :D
i m on the phone ~
RT : Day 5 of Connecticut Sun training camp.. [Who knew? Passed thru Hartford yesterday afternoon in RV on way to Maine!]
Laundry....cleaning....kind of a lazy Saturday.....
his faith (yes that can boost a teams spirit too)... Labron has brought the Cavs from irrelevance to a perennial playoff ~
Everyone go follow !!! Seriously, the coolest bad kid on twitter! <3333333333
Q from CA: Are for-profits stealing students or are they expanding the student base?
Kickin' Venture Out last night at Visual Arts Center! Thanks to Monument Consulting for sponsoring. Next up, August 18 at VMFA.
Hurting. Ah lol
Ah did you get VIP?!
About to get ready to go have a nice dinner on the level I should....no more NOTS only hotness...
LLS I Need more Followers. :l
Aw ok thats cool...
LaMarcus Aldridge will have arthroscopic surgery to repair labral tear in right hip. Out for rest of season.
That awkward moment when your mom walks in on you and a guy "friend" making out and on top of eachother.
are you at SFO? Is it a disaster?
RT: "Were you at #UCLA in 1992 at the time of the L.A. riots? Tweet or DM us what you remember."
S/o to she's cool >>>> so go follow her. She
Now she startin to sound just like... -__________-
um no Ideaa. What do you think?
The Golden Rule. Treat others as you would like to be treated.
I Think Shes Onto Us... o.o
please tweet pray for shay my friend sheridan is fighting for her like and needs all the prayers she can get
I need an app to alert me when these brawls start
Listening to #EssentialMixes all day.
Nice! Neat to get a peek into what's happening in your city. Art scene, eh?
Big boy baseball in Columbia on
hey roemello finally got a twitter, questions is are you going to be on it lol
So you'd have the government stop issuing marriage licenses to anyone? I wonder if the anti-gay people would go for that.
I won't b there until late Saturday like 11pm
im so lost. Im out haha good night all
#nike #nfl anyone know when the jerseys are gonna be revealed??
thx Adam, will do
Sign me up!
#YouWereCuteUntil i smelled that dragon breath
So excited for the food an drinks tonight at the Elite event in Ybor.
#onlyyouevan would text me about cereal..haha;)
Personalize your follow-up. Networking tip from ,
c'mon people dont be mean we need more followers
welcome to
#RAVENSNATION ... just because
were you moving forward?
A1: M Not really a lone wolf
You awesome guys are way too good for my ego. xoxo
Happy New Year! “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” <U+2015> Mae West
Thanks to all who came out to meet our Cabo Wabo Reps and sample tequila last nite. I've heard great feedback about how fun it was.
no prob man. Return the favor? And will do! God bless!!
of course you are, were you not paying attention during 4th grade health when learning the difference between boys and girls?
Kobe forgot to mention the Gasol trade with Memphis
Sometimes I just feel like going on a rage!
She's the one that got away :/
Happy New Year everybody!
Wishing cast and crew member, Amor Sanchez, a very Happy Birthday!
Some day some body is gonna make you wanna turn around and say goodbye!
#1: Cheap Amethyst and quartzite flower necklace, &#39;Lilac Bouquet ...
I stay on my zodiac tweets
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a pace of 8'43"/mi and a time of 17:34 with Nike+ GPS.
i have over 500 tweets lol
World News America on PBS tonight -Obama on #gaymarriage -Special Report from inside #Syria -Interview w/ #NATO Sec Gen -No govt in
couldn't agree more Ohio State is the Real Deal!!
are u making a run to the store? How will u survive the day with no
The number of finals you have is directly related to the amount of times you're going to jerk off in a day.
Design is as much an act of spacing as an act of marking -Ellen Lupton. we agree.
"The high and lofty, they see me as weak - Cause I won't live and die for the power they seek." ::dc talk::jesus freak::
Turn down the jive turn up twang, let's put a little country in country today. If you call yourself an outlaw brother you ain't, you can...
Very true statement! RT : oh god... last time we were at the mart, you saw me naked! hahahaha
traffic people have a thing about jinxing it... so I won't tell you how ____ most of our roads are right now.
ACL is ruptured. Another year of skipping the Tour De France.
Songwriting is hypnotic. And so is Kid A.
lol aw shit I can't wait to c this
so nice to be connected!
Excited to see all the progress the April session is making! Moving closer and closer to your goals! You guys are the best
As long as its 80 degrees in March I will be wearing dresses, like everyday. You have been warned.
Scrapple is made locally by us as well! Delivered to your door. www.westcoastscrapple.com
I'll concede there is a "Hey, kids, get off my raised concrete garden!" sentiment to his piece.
It says a lot about the rest of the team when the sick player is playing better than his teammates.
I know. I more meant like, money and time dedicated towards AnimeNEXT.
You stay lying to me G.
A guy who wears a beret freaks me the fuck out.
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I have a bad temper....
I'll text u
thought you were Aussie, same thing then?
S/o to our new followers. Hope everyone can make it out to the next show March 28th at Club Church
HOT or NOT: Maxi dresses for spring.
ARIANA<3 u should give me a henna tattoo,haha <3i have 3 real tattoo's,but i want one from u !make me a walking masterpiece<3
come true but will they they say that if you say its yours and if you want it bad it will come to you i having a hard time believing because
LOVE! RT : Just got word that Issue 8: Adventure is being printed today! Woohoo! Can't wait to share it with everyone!
hell yeah ! If you're ever in #MKE hit me up and we will rage style. w00t w00t
Can you please be nice and tell your sister to follow me? Thank you! Ur my fav and i love y'all forever
28k at first break unhappy with my AK fold and unhappy with no hands/ pairs / bets not working. Onto the next level.
WHATSUP FAM! I SEE YOU DOING YA THANG. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BROTHER... LOVEX10
I think it might be in an ascot.
yes! Flat
Is your online experience tailored too closely to your “liking”? Leaders take note as consumers crave more human experiences online:...
and you were wonderful! Thank you so much for giving your time tonight and for inspiring us!
what about the dude from saved by the bell the new class?
gotcha. i've been meaning to find something out for ya but been busy with some stuff
First day of band camp!Don't be late!;)
Because I'm a lady, that's why!
Oh and I'm stupid.
Hitting up tonight for birthday tonight!
Our Breaking News e-mail says CBS Radio is launching all-News on 99.1 FM in Washington, pushing "El Zol" to new purchase WFSI at 107.9.
#jealous that I can't dance like this now.... bit.ly/l6i6OE
Dorothy Parker asked Hemingway: "Exactly what do you mean by 'guts'?" Hemingway replied: "I mean, grace under pressure."
Agree! RT : That looks amazing! So happy that participated in The Princess Project!
Off to #Philly with ! See u soon
Not the answer I wanted. Not even close.
Man it's hot out!
Hey Jeffree(: How's it goin?
Chic-I-Boom Ball 2010! Get your tickets today for $75 if you mention our YouTube video! Brazilian beats, eats and dancers!
fuck yea! By the way, like the new clothing style. Fits you much better than what you had before!
The saga continues
right by nova what about youu dm me your #
not that I am aware of. Miss you and love you honey! ;)
I like to laugh at those people, too.
That happened to me about a year or so ago. My account got hacked. They alerted me and shut it down before anything happened.
This programs gotta #chill, I may not be able to go out tonight and I'm starting to feel like aka
LMAO. Hanaro I know. I'll leave right after I see ur there. DH is dropping me off.
For all my niggaz locked down or in the system,Stay Strong!! They can't keep real niggaz down!! Focus on a better tomorrow!
All I want is to be locked up in a mall for a week. That's it.
thanks for the shout out! Haha i like
Aaron Rodgers fumbling, Packers offense struggling, and the defense is bailing out the offense.
Last day in Copenhagen! So much to do, if only I understood any of the signs saying what I could do
The sun wore me out
Sexiled by my own parents...! Smh. Okay time to leave now.
2011 Desire with #swingercast meet-n-greet chat going on now! Join in the next 15 minutes or you won't get in this evening!
Ohh shiznit, 's birthday is in 4 days! :D I gotta work on something!
Police Chief Flynn statement: "bonds of trust" between officers and the community "will be frayed" if residency requirement is lifted.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
RT Find a connection between you and your characters. Let empathy form a bridge to even the meanest antagonistic motherf******s
Finally got a workout in! Short but its a start!
And that, my friends, is why I wasn't mad when Frank Haith left
happy birthday!!!
I will let u know asap what u can do to support this new legislation!! The more music (noise) we make, the better the chances! Stay tuned.
The rate of foreign investment has soared around tenfold in the past decate. #Africa via The Economist
if they are gonna use P2P to judge a shows ratings and all. HuluPlus, downloads, that stuff better be in too!
RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
in the studio now: working on getting that "ideal" drumsound (*always a mission) and looking forward to tracking new music in next few weeks
Happy to have met you - it was a good night. Congratulations!
ewww, that sucks. =[...I guess your warranty is up too?
Im low key hungry
brings the craziest Cinco de Mayo in Chicago! with Mixin Marc and Ron Carroll with Perfect Tan Bikini Contest
I'm taking the day off, but send me a DM, I can give you some inside info. ;)
IT WAS SO NICE SEEING #BEYONCE AT THE PIER TODAY.. THANKS FOR SAYING HELLO THAT MADE MY DAY :-)
I hope all of u enjoy my Performance www.youtube.com/user/LewisFlores
it's okay, I hope your writing went well anyway. You and , good luck on your last day tomorrow!
you have to go there now champ. Don't leave us hanging.
Headed to the Allbritton/Politico brunch to close out #WHCA weekend.
FF4 Father's flight home from Vegas was delayed this morning. They were told the airport was closing because President Obama was arriving.
"I'm not looking for the best players. I'm looking for the right players."
dude. say it ain't so... hahahahaha... he's a friggin trainwreck
Welcome to the NFL, Mark Ingram.
Attending 's Day of Discovery & experiencing what it's like to be in the center of a tornado via Reed Timmer's video.
Is it.....BEAUTIFUL GIRLS?
A night at the hottest nightclub in the country can it get any better... Only @ surrendervegas
RT : When your body is having a really intense cleansing time, food becomes unappealing.
"Victory is in the discipline!"
it also reminds me of this illustrator named Istvan Banyai
is he harder then im felling his beats r the hardest right now im sorry no jeffin either
Thank you Belle :) Here's my best wish that you will have a wonderful Friday! Mwah!
When challenges come , my God raises the standard..
thank you baby for being the best thing that happen to me on here dont know where my life would be:)
hellotxt and udfn; loved twitter, but not facebook. No updates! Does the 51406 # work abroad?
Players are given the chance to create their own character and embark on a unique adventure
#ff some of my longtime biz favorites
Very Good Thankyou :)x
Ciroc..grapes..love!!! I love my fam!!
<3 MT TODAY! Free Film screening @ 4pm: Surrealist cinema classics "Un Chien Andalou" & "L'age d'Or" directed by Luis Bunuel
You wrote a very vapid piece re "connector in chief"- your readers deserve better. all sizzle no steak, better fit for We mag.
Even after taking the free course, I really noticed a difference in my auditions! Thank you, Jamison!
You need the connection to your inner child to be complete within yourself & to help you with your own healing.
VA weather is a trip. It's been sunny and storming all morning and afternoon.
Those are awesome Big Lebowski costumes! I would never have thought you could look that much like John Goodman!
Thanks for the update – I had just switched away for what I thought was the last time after the Rangers' goal.
sometime its really awesome to be me...o the fun...
Someone turned off the lights. I guess that means i should go home.
NP. I saw Luke F (aka ) yesterday!
New record low mortgage rates, but should you re-fi. Why it not be in your best interest. More @ 6:30pm on KGW.
Busy planning the film festival at the eGarage studio! Check out their website for their newest episodes!
I've never run a lemonade stand either, but I bought several, consolidated them into one, and outsourced the lemon production.
Makin homemade banana French toast :) hm
Yeaaahhhh buddy kicked ass tonight in bolwing tonight won all 3 games
yes I can read....
there's always room for improvement
absolutely!!! following you already ;-)
got it!
why not work for yourself?
“ If you have to wake me up to ask to borrow something, the answer is alwas gonna be NO !!” True Shit!
Safe travels to Let me know if you pick up any chairs on the way. LMAO.
Counting down till this performance..
What Up My Mahomies
Don't forget our contest - gift certificate giveaways when we hit 200 followers. We're so close! Retweet to win!
Good Morning<U+2755><U+2755><U+2615>
# has some really saprkly pretty eyes:)
wat did he tell u?
for serious paypay !
Ya see-I'm capable of being cooleo.
Hillsborough Ex-offender Reentry Network (HERN) meeting 3rd Tuesday of every month. Innovation Room 9215 N. Florida Avenue Suite 101 Tampa
ohkay just making sure, and anytime!
She is so gorgeous!
All Good Just Working & Getting Ready 2 Ally as Planned
true but he is easily one of the best defensive OF and that's what he would be used for in that lineup lol it's only a dream
Baylors uniforms are so dope
u always make me laugh <3
well being we have no lives outside of work -.-
We can definitely make that happen!
The house is pack family & friends getting ready for the vs
Nice W for the Celtics to keep that winning streak going! 9th consecutive win and counting! Go C's!
RT: Just a few more days till #summerinternship (via )
Oakridge Boys in 1989...wow I think I've lost a little respect for myself, I'm going to blame it on the fact that I was 8. :)
seriously please just be my boyfriend already.
Just shut up & play along.
Rhys Adams is so adorable
Watching Talladega Nights with my best friend!
[Cavs] Semih Erden out for remainder of game tonight agains the Pacers. Right ankle sprain. Negative on X rays.
#follow tean #follow back i promise
Nothing is more fun than #flipcupfriday at ! First flip at 8. Beer special all night.
Tom Kalinske has the most ridiculous resume. Totally inspiring. What am I doing with my life?
that was ss sweet!!!!!
Am overwhelmed by dupes in exhib hist colls. Same pamphlets in so many places, no colls complete. How to streamline?
Also, "ancient aliens" is one of the lamest, dumbest sci-fi (fuck it; it's pure fantasy) premises.
When there's no new music, i disappear off of the face of the Earth.
today is #friday for me!!!!
shoutout to mada and what size shoe are you?
Happy Labor Day!
Why is a lime drop so much better than a lemon drop?
As a coach I absolutely LOVE it when guys are asking me if I can put them through extra workouts each week and wanting to put in the work!
Ladies, today I ate ice cream cake for breakfast and had a beer for lunch.
Going to watch two crazy kids get married. Me? Sorry, ladies, I'm already hitched - to this damn head cold.
Every director bites the hand that lays the golden egg. - Samuel Goldwyn
time yall leaving?
i'm camo down to my boxers
On some things I'm a homer, I'll be shocked if I'm wrong on this tho. Osweiler doesn't excite me RT On wisconsin
ohh yeah! Opening day today, OCmd is my tomorrow project!
And Finals week begins....
She dancin like she fuckin the way lil mama dancing you will swear lil mama fuckin
CrossFit all up in dis place
Its been a long day..and I cant wait to get away
colon surgery this week.. Just recovering now
I need to redo my room already, the color of my room annoys me I feel like I am in an insane asylum.<U+E40D>
Philly Sports: Former Eagle Freddie Mitchell sues co-defendants
one day...one day...
is the email address my brother
listening to some Cartel on the new ipod. so pyched for the bears/pats!
Join Sunday for 's tribute to Ella feat. Monthly Master jazz artist Jessica Boykin-Settles:...
Windows down, hair blowing in wind... Katy Perry blasting on XM perfect Sunday afternoon!!!
P.S. just because i can dance does not mean i can't punch ya teeth down ya throat (PLEASE) do not try me.I am that Guy.the real deal.500Boyz
u r awesome Heidi!
Getting ready to come tan
JA (my parents didn't love me enough to give me a middle name) is gonna get things started for us... MARK. MY. WORDS!!!
i changed my username BRAH(;
I am too lucky to have in my life!
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her. That would be the cutest thing in the world.
(cont) is like a-rod and texieira. Left for a paycheck, BUT then talked trash about his former team (said we rangers wasted his time) cont..
glad you like it! :)
We appreciate the shout out. Check this company out everyone.
Thanks for choosing WMA International again. We hope you had a great year training with us.
Thanks for the RT!!
Wishin I could be in Fayetteville supporting the hogs and today, but I'll be callin em loud and proud in Nashville
green cocktails are often the best ones!!
YES!!! I thought it was my tv. RT Fix the mics.
Yeah, that was pretty much what everyone said immediately after the "put this in your beer" comment.
When is your panel? And what is the topic?
fit for duty sir
can you email me info #taters? Thx - luv ur face
The credit cards are not working at my work tonight. Have to put cards in the old fashion way. Customers are being so mean
It's official, I'm moving to France! :)
Yay! Thank you, Beckinfield! You are awesome!
there is always tomorrow.
Watching ip man 2
ikr ppl been saying this
They eventually may become interested in you
What the hell was I thinking when I started a Cleanse on Memorial Day week-end, so many BBQ invites and I can't eat,ugh!!
RT I CANT STOP LAUGHING LOL...LITERALLY : RT : "SHUT THE FUCK UP." "Damn, someone needs a happy meal..."
Decide to be a contender, not a pretender.
I don't care what the switches say, you can't put Quis in that situation. That said, Horford. SMH.
Best day of my life. <U+2764>
Free stuff's a-comin. Want some? Duh. :)
I'm pretty fly for a white guy.
eat weed everyday....
:) there should be an announcement sometime in the next few days!
Yo head gone fall off then. Its a bunch of foolery going on that FB lately
Wow fired Coach Paterno over the phone?! Way to keep it classy #PSU Board
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil. "Just think about that before you vote."
congrats! That's awesome. PS- are you going to the meeting on thursday?
I'm so tired
"Today you will be with me in Paradise." (Luke 23:43) Jesus steals this thief -- and us -- out of Satan’s hand.
In any event, I'm glad to see you are keeping up with both pages. Follow my other page Not all tweets are the same.
Cold toilet seat is cold.
I'm in Seattle, which makes Thursday that much cooler.
I need yer truust , that were gonna pull through .
Hey Treasa.(: I love you girl. Stay strong. Keep that beautiful smile on your face. I know it's hard. Keep goin <U+2665>
well you never know... Maybe he's done it already.
what a game so hype and proud of the !!! suck on the nuts two times heat fans. were winning these next two games at home!
touring the new student activities center
Dearly beloved if this love only exists in my dreams, don't wake me up
RT : On , emphasizes it's not about gay rights, it's about equal rights. Exactly.
where at?
hey sorry for the late reply I have tweetlimit right now =(
Appreciate #S thanks you
Your dreams will come true... if you can see it... if you believe in it... then you can achieve it.
Worth repeating: "Nonprofits exist because of a market failure, cannot think of them in 'business terms'"
hey there, we have a huge backlog of people after SCAA show. Will be in touch soon.
seriously...the illuminati...DONT GIVE IN PUNK
ha ha ha, surprised to get, but happy because I haven't heard it in a awhile. #nowplaying Rob base & DJ E-Z Rock / It Takes Two
Out with friends, drinking fine whiskey, smoking a cigar & watching the Mets beat up on the Yankees. Good times.
I'm wondering if the sweat beads now appearing daily on my forehead is GRAMMY nomination nervousness, or an onset of male menopause...
/ I am glad that Miami wanted Ozzie!
On August 14, 1814 the British Navy set sail from Bermuda with their sights on #Baltimore and Washington DC.
Is the man!!! Whats up champ
ok phone out of power watch for 224 number
pathetic just like much of the #Survivor #OneWorld cast. Even if I had time to update my blog lately, I'm not sure I would lol
This Strauss-Kahn incident is going to make an awesome episode of Law and Order SVU one day
Oh, awesome! If you guys perfect it, you could take it on the road!!
The dearth of chatter re: poor panel quality/biased recruiting has me wishing we could microchip consumer brains to collect
how u feeling??
HI AUSTIN :) my fave memory ? ALL OF YOUR AUSTREAMS ! <3 :) FOLLOW ME PLEASE :) <3
Anytime my friend
Creating jewelry and working on 6 drawing projects. 4 digital, 2 traditional. As well as editing 2 websites and learning CSS. God help me!
Which one is that? It's been a long time.
Once again , kicked to the curb . This is so freaking stupid .
Learn about summer internship opportunities at the International Rescue Committee at Tuesday's info session, 4:30-5:30 pm in MGC 200
I am, thanks! And you? Solid example you provided there.
Mix that with AG Schuette waging an amateur "war on drugs" instead of litigating foreclosure fraud cases on behalf of MI citizens
Good luck! (with paleo) You may have heard you could feel like crap for a few days, but then after, never better.
50 to 100 million college grads are jobless.. Smh
With no pro/rel in US football, unless you are in MLS, winning matters only so much WRT roster formation.
See you in June. Oh wait, y'all won't be there :) RT : Damn.. Spurs fans are so dumb!
ikr time change is a pain in the neck
Ken is in the DollHouse.! Hit me up, suckuhhs.! AIM: iKenDoll 8-)
You can't go broke<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> taking a profit<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
To prepare for tomorrows show I've been eating pineapple and trimming my pubes into a Nike "Just DO it" swoosh
Three best MLB players to follow are and
I just picked my son up @ school. According to the 7 yr olds, "I'm huge". I told them I wasn't 6ft tall when I was 7 ;) They look surprised.
Let's get together and quote all the lines! That would be Practically Perfect in every way!
Im not runnin from anything, Im just out here chasin my dream.
that's if enough was taken despite the quick judgement from the sheriff
3 earthquakes in the last hour...bali puerto rico and off the coast of oregon..whats going on out there..
Love your art gallery!
Tires | Goodyear Tires
#aam2012 think on this ..."The visitor experience extends beyond the museum's spatial & temporal boundaries." John Falk
And to clarify, I don't believe in keeping it "secret"...but I'm just thinking about this idea
Awesome! In the meantime I will eat extra for you.
Just woke up wwwooooww still high high AN time to get high FOLLOW if u feel me
And it begins...
Our trainers all have at least college experience to ensure athletes are put through up to date training methods.
When you find that person, let them know we'll match that price at our house as well when they are done at yours!
Very emotional dnt want to b bothered
Scotland Yard: Genny Bock Now on Tap! Amanda Ashley tonight at 9pm. Open at 4pm Sunday with Ray. Lotta weekend ahead my friends.
are we ever gonna get thru tonight......
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW SHE IS A BIG MAHOMIE SO GO FOLLOW HER TONIGHT!!!!
If you send more than 20 emails in a day, an app should automatically buy and deliver a quart of ice cream to your house. Who's making that?
#TheMoneyTeam until the day I D-I-E
If the bartender has to stop and think before making your drink you'd better be a girl.
no advice, but I love when panelists tweet and/or pay attention to the backchannel.
#GeorgeZimmerman's attorney said family was not being deceptive about the money.
Looking content to be included in our current #SOT outreach for #PTSD effects on families and children brought the issue of caregivers home
O cloverfeild you old nasty
Thanks guys. :)
met with Robert Kraft tonight, Head of Film Music at Fox, changed my perspective on a lot of things, such an amazing night
Still, it's time to enter the 21st century RT : Love tweeting old school from my flip phone.
Thank you, thank you!
Thanks man! Ill prob be in tomorrow to pick it up.
ah so pumped!!!
We are working hard to open our doors very soon!! We will keep you inform!!
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 46
y do u have to pay for it
yeah and your tweet just made me hungry ... :)
goal makes me smile.
cough syrup on glee <3
I just bought it for next school year! RT : The Profile of Phonological Awareness (Pro-PA) app is STILL 50% off -
RT : Jump of course!
Havin my friends come to my job Rollin oh how I can feel summer comin ;D
Hit me up with some rec apps for my iPhone.
literally laughed out loud at this, God bless your heart enduring such torment haha
RT : RT : Q4: How does it feel to be trusted?
hey!, where in Chicago are you
...Good character, by contrast, is not given to us. We have to build it, piece by piece...
Q1 it depends on your mission, but it's difficult to argue out what is enterainment vs. enrichment
She's a good friend :)
o I never been out there u gon come get me an gimme a tour?
you could be listening to us, that might be better
I like the classics then, Sandberg or Banks for you guys, Molitor or Yount for us...
Congratulations :) thats awesome!!
do I really have to explain that? Haha it's pretty self explanatory.
Need another evangelist? Holy smokes call me.
we have the window open cause it was probably 45 and sunny outside. Now it's probably mid 30s and feels nice
you may be in the lead in my informal contest with that suggestion
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Covington County until 09:30 AM
After Charli XCX's gutsy pop set, Skrillex's "Rock n Roll" comes on house PA at 's #sxsw show. At a church.
well i do it anyways
Hint about my story: Did you know that a fire quadruples in size, every single minute... i.e., gets 4 times bigger every 60 seconds.
Checking in for the Wines of Chile #winechat ...wines poured and ready to go!
Fingers: sprained thumb
Thanks Glad to see you enjoying our Lincoln Center performance. Looking forward to showing you more #Hammerstep in 2012!
Great to see you and the other LMAers today Laura!
RT Jaime & Toni are needing your Grammy votes for an upcoming Coffee & Donuts Show! Info here: on.fb.me/x3W36q :)
WELL CUZ LOOK AT THIS I DIDN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING N UR SAYING U WANT TO BREAK UP WTF~crys~
DL Lowry is looking for a full time front desk receptionist. Please apply in person at either location.
How do people decide their just not going to go to college and just think their going to get a job right after Hs? #howstupidcanyoube?
Guess What!?;D
I agreed with you on the ACC being on that list. He can't play next year anyway. I'd guess that gets removed in the appeal.
Never been attracted to girls that play sports . Cant date chu if youre swoler than me lol
5 hour pool party with 23 screaming kids & their parents. I knew NO ONE. The things I do for my children.
Coming up on GMM at 5am...what happened when a pilot woke up feeling "dazed and confused"!
Seeing all of this Trayvon Martin coverage is making me crave #Skittles. Still a sucky story, despite the delicious candy choice.
Congrats!!! Distance running has its share of character-building and emotion-stretching built in! 13.1 miles! (Nap earned)
"premium car" would be our Mini Coopers & Fiats. Our "capacity" rides fall into same rate (vans & trucks).
would be nice to be able to view a diff of stashes before you apply / delete them
Yes! So excited! RT : Happy Game Day, #StormCrazies!
u can spoil me anyday!!
Looking forward to celebrating my incredible Mom today. No boring brunch for the McCanns, Jules prefers to spend her day at the Sox game!
if you love the current Read Print Kindall, get prepared to be blown away by the end of this week.
Yep, you do :/ It's designed for young people feeling a call to ministry. Contact AU Admissions for registration & more info!
The ASA's unwieldy electronic balloting system gives me a headache every year...but I still do my duty and vote. ^^;;
You have alot of things to learn and achieved your dreams before you become a young mother
Shitty situations inspire brilliant solutions
In a world where there is so much to be done. I felt strongly impressed that there must be something for me to do.
we all love both of u
on the 2nd floor the Russian dude will have a battery for your watch.
Thank you, Cyndy! You're the best! Have a great weekend. :)
Exhausted now after worship 2nd service. God poured out haven't seen our church worship like they did today in a long time.
Hi. What are your thoughts on 45,000 WC being the minimum for YA novels? Is that a set thing or flexible? Thanks!
They always have the best music in
bring me uh blacc..;)
I second that
Having to Sit n Wait n Wait n Wait at a lame airport is so irritating and boring!!!
First softball game tomorrow!
Income tax returns are the most imaginative fiction being written today. ~Herman Wouk
#CLEfood what's this guest blogger shit???? What's goin on? Still drunk from OAR?
Back in town, rested, rejuvinated and ready to coach... watch out!
I feel like drinking today
- please call box office for details on this - (415) 885-0750. Thank you!
Thanks Dana! Hope you're well! :)
RT: Anony_Ops: You all have been trained to think like slaves. Be free, be anonymous, become ONE, SHARE knowledge, knowledge is FREE!
Super Retro! Super Sexy!
Today i ate taco bell then chinese food now im eating a burger lol
I did miss an email. no one told me class was canceled
I know you are humble and i can appreciate that but man that right there is #Ballin! #Outtacontrol! #Lovesit!
Do you overshop to project an image of wealth and power?
You heard it here first....Rep Linda Runbeck is a fucking idiot.
This quarter would be terrible by 1950 standards... smh
I haven't done that. www.deviantart.com is a art web page, have a profile on there
#bones season finale tonight you ready :)
dude u forgot ur glasses
i want a new pair of chucks .
Wanted to get back into the twitter world. So hello people of twitter!
"no, Mommy, his name is *Frank* Jawa."
Rolling papers on my rolling papers cd lol happy 4/20
Thanks! Whereabouts is your new brewery located? We'll have to drop by for some tasting one of these days.
Life is good when you see the good in life
84 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event! Be sure to come for our Vaccine Clinic tomorrow from 8-3!
updating about this fucked-up ass casey anthony trial... i`ll rt the verdict when i get the news...
fantasy trade; Ahmad Bradshaw for colston and Cedric benson. I have Bradshaw. Ballsy because of health & jail time. Thoughts?
We will have another clue for you tomorrow! In the meantime, head outside and enjoy a McCafé Frozen Strawberry Lemonade!
My concert is at rage
definitely following you on viddy!!! I <3 u 2!!! :-)
You're just as ulgy sober as you are drunk.
When girls think its cute to take pictures of eachother on the toilet<<< not cute beezys
Olive garden the day after season ends. Time for nonstop breadsticks <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E>
Thanks for following us. Have a great one
what time is it there? Lol
Just woke up finna start getting ready for work.
So my sister was saying how One Direction is cute and love them , so i scream "DIRECTIONATOR" ! she replys "NO IM A DIRECTIONIZER" lol k.
Only two days of work this week! Monday can't be that horrible if it's actually a Thursday, right?!
Thanks Marilou! Peace
Wow. Thx! RT Just read biz book. As a rec player I'm not using it all bible like, but wow... still a game changer
yes way ill take a perfectly rolled J over a swish any day
not yet! I'm just thanking the folks who are tying to get us there. We are still just under 2,000 shy! Keep spreading the word
Venus is gorgeous low and bright in the sky here in the boonies!!
Is he standing in the corner like he always did in gyms?
It is wrong. If they place those demands, then don't play. Others will and I'm sure those players would be more charismatic.
There's only so much that you can give, without getting anything in return...
I love how the inside skating rink is warmer than the outside temperature.
Bahaha well they can kiss our ass and like it cause that's they made us do for the last year and a half!
start freezers slut...
Those are my fave games in the whole wide world
Ah, Watching showcase my beloved Madrid. Contenta.
Trust No one.
yes I do! Chi - Mix...gotya be prepared!!
Bohemian Jazz is back on Friday, February 24, 7pm,321 E73 Street, NY, Karel Ruzicka-Sax, Jared Gold-Organ, Russell Carter-Drums
Wow!! What a month - I wish you all the best for your businesses! If you need any help saving money - give me a shout for a consultation
Happy Birthday. Nice job on G+.
Depends on if you want to support a team that's been to a Final Four or not. Just kidding (sort of).
I gotta new number fam
What's up?
are working on new songs...
I'm watching like the scariest movie!
ughh my internet is being shit right :/
a nigga put his cape on
When people are late is my biggest pet peeve
I know it's Sunday, but you should still follow His 140-character stories are better than most long stories I've read.
What's better? #MountainTears? or a paid trip to the #CBI with 1,449 fans in attendance??
good! I've been singing that song everyday!
Finally got a new iPhone, woo !...I feel cool
give me a call and we'll schedule the meeting :~)
no problem :)
~Thanks so much for the re-tweet. Very helpful & very much appreciated! Enjoy your day!
wat happen to him .. sounds like benard Hopkins fishy. Get em faber
Thank you :) RT glad you found a nice home for your cats! :)
thanks for the follow Garrick.
Portland - PF CHANGE'S
Weekend Punch: American Orange {Jamaican Rum, Brandy, Porter, Fresh Orange, Sugar, Water} Source: Jerry Thomas' How to Mix Drinks 1862
We're keeping our East Coast friends in our thoughts as makes herself known...
-kill me if anythng happens. and considering thats not permanent..id really rather not. c'mon lets go
Most people are trying to buy one. I'm trying to return one. I accidentally bought an extra #iPad today...F*ck.
I am so proud of !!! #loveyou #knewyoucoulddoit :)
WHOA WAIT A MINUTE THE BLACKHAWKS FIRED MIKE HAVILAND? NO.
am I invisible to you now? cool, i've always wanted a superpower.
Court: Managers don&#39;t have to ensure lunch breaks
Yea, they give their child their name to make it seem classier. Slutty Marie McSlut-Whore II. It's like Queen Elizabeth II.
Let me rephrase that. Who is going to see Prince, BESIDES ME, in LA next week?
Thanks for a great season - good luck in your pro careers
I don't mean to dismiss your arguement, but you're stupid and your opinion is dumb, so please, continue.
Even at 34, Lee Young Pyo looks like he still trains at the Guus Hiddink fitness academy. Just skinned a winger 10 years his junior.
So drained from figuring out that WP changeover. All is well again though, few lil maintenance things to be done, but site is on new server!
Some chicks carrying a pimeapple down the hallway..
My friends left because the bartender was wearing those tiny white shorts and they thought it was a gay bar.
Hey gang. Back to normal shop hours today. Open until 7pm. 1726 E. North Ave. Side door.
The Sacrifice (1986) on film. In fact, the film broke right at the start of the burning house
Me neither. I usually play either Texas Hold 'Em, video poker, or Wheel of Fortune quarter slots. Downtown casinos are best!
Goodnight Justin. I'll dream of your movie and how amazing it was.#neversaynever:))
Oakland #Raiders sign backup QB Matt Leinart
Ur the only reason I get this lol:its #oppositeday & ive traded n all my videogames 4 Magic The Gathering cards!
Unbelievable, apparently when you try to do anything around prospecting, a major tool breaks down...for my project...the developer!!! =(
Tired. Like I've barely slept.
Accept what you can't change. Change what you can't accept.
Cause ignorance is bliss...
Outside in the sun on my lunch break. The sun is warm, the wind is chilly. It feels like fall in Seattle.
Surprised that I'm working so hard without realizing it
#Liverpool WANTS WANTS WANTS for KIDSCAPE!!!!!!
ALTO should be a runner, very bullish volume at the bottom. Full STO is about to give a buy signal.
A Loaf Supreme
RT : Commercial trivia: Playtex premiered the 1st commercial showing women in their bras & panties on national tv in 1987.
"There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do" -Derek Jeter -CS
breaking out a hot little Italian number tonight to party with the most fashionable nerds in town!
: ) RT : I almost wish I didn't know about 's GF pita bread. It's so hard to walk out of there without it!
Starting by monday 3rd oct 2011 i ll b working in a new gym with clients. so Vegas ppl intrested in personal training sessions contact me !
I'm comin over tonight ... Ima show you
That's crazy
I thought the judge served you that restraining order, sheesh.
Playgrounds at 1am are really fun.
find either or to get they're trading cards :)
Freezing morning
Bt I Want A Daughter In Da Future
Grandma Berg would scold me. Grandma Nagy would join me, and sing songs while doing it.
I know right. He has that common gift of genius: making the incredibly difficult look easy.
beat them at thier own game the fun is in the knowing
Not sure exactly what you're looking for but I just buy bags with shoulder straps. Rebecca Minkoff MAB, F+C City work just fine.
Follow our guitarist Jameson
Anymore photos for the #OneDirectionVideo ? Send Them in asap! (: x
Hey if you don't like her tweeting all the time, unfollow her. Name calling is ungentlemanly.
Watching the #NHL all-star game, followed by the #NFL pro bowl with
Pretty good. Going back to work tomorrow after being off for 3 weeks to recover from surgery, so it should be interesting...
“: Yall Got That Shyt ?! RT : Watching "Think like a man"”right I wanna see dat
Q3. Graphic Tends to support the content
Baseball, Basketball, Football and even Hockey, I sure am glad that I am a Minnesota Music fan and not sports fan
What do you think public diplomacy partnerships will look like in the future?
My micro-talk at the WI Ag Womens Summit was fun! Looking forward to learning more about next year's event! Glad could sponsor!
what is a twit ref?
Spending time with my big sister and my babies :)
In case you're wondering WHAT that duck sound was coming from the studio.. it's my chair! Daffy was not in-studio this morning.
Learn to schedule emails and build your nurturing campaign and how to view the status of your tracked links in
Ron Paul: honest, cute, ugly, smart, dumb, wrong, right, polite, quick, slow, conservative, liberal, libertarian, consistent, hero, villain
Some walk by night, Some fly by day.
Per Slam Magazine's website, John Wall has committed to the University of Kentucky! Great job, Coach Cal!!!
Corel(R) WordPerfect(R) Office X6 Expands Suite to Deliver New Time-Saving Enhancements and Productivity Gains
I love my AUX ON/OFF patch. Which direction did you have it flipped today?
“: Jamie Cullum Pandora station is on point.” // Today was a day for me, too.
i know! i want all those snakeskin boots and 60s style dresses! i think i heard they're working on e-commerce again
Broncos bout to grab weapons for peyton
thanks for the support dear:)
follow back ? :D
Good people finish first!
So true! Happy eating guys!
Find a guy who calls you beautiful instead of hot, who texts you day or night, rain or shine
GOP Presidential Candidates: We Have Met the Enemy and It is the Media.
We wish all our friends, followers and travelers all the best in 2012!!
whats the first part mean??
“: #Scorpio loves sex.” Could use some now but that's everyday
went to bed with a cold and woke up partially deaf... ?
is our First Lady . Follow her :)
Been deep n CAbiland! The fall collection is a must see, gotta have! The ladies can't get enough and I'm having a blast!
Point, Mr. King.
damn you hackers!!!!!!!
Everyone is feeling that the Year has already gone by so fast!! Remember it is only Januray 5th and take time to reflect upon what you have!
They just played Morgan page at the gym, then tiesto. Is my twin controlling the radio?
If you don't love me anymore.....just say so.<U+E108>
huge thanks to all the interesting, participatory selves who showed up for my #change11 live session on Digital Identities: PHEW. firsts.
sorry for the delayed response. Charro was awesome and the margarita pitchers were clutch.
Jetblue claims ROC to JFK flight delayed because they hit a bird on the way in. Waited over an hour to tell us we might be canceled. Nice.
Off to discuss sexual turn ons with my adorable professor and my bball lover. #jealous?
I love waking up with a txt saying "morning beautiful" puts me in a happy mood instantly <3
What's the difference between this EASIEST money and last weekends?
tnks for replying back. I wil definitely check out kidstube.com
Hi , Still hope you're working on that extension for Wright. Would make most of us #Mets fans happy.
": I work near there bro let me know what nights ill bring a bunch of people" we there tonight homie! Come thru
yea like that
AHS/Emancipet need $. Buy bed or crate get 20%off, we donate 20%. Or pass on discount, we donate 40%. Thru Sun.
Call us now for a free Phone and IT audit in the DC Metro area 202-380-9303. www.computerworks360.com
Little Rock..
lol you mean Joel it was him all along lmbo
He who walks in integrity walks securely. -Proverbs 10:9
I like the sports team idea. The San Diego Lo-Go's has a nice ring to it. I'm totally pro Lo-Go ;)
When u #happy I'm happy. When u sad I'm #sad. #Scorpio #Music #Classic #follow4follow #HandsDown #Boyfriend #Follow #DreamChasers2 #
Find BeerTAGs in Chicago at our favorite neighborhood Irish pub: The Poitin Stil! 1502 W Jarvis (Rogers Park)
Although it's about a quarter mile away, Tasty Burger is wafting in through my open windows. SUMMER? HI?
So my little man went to his first day of Pre-school today as a 1 yr old. I think he's growing up too fast.
One of my favorite books "The Go Giver" passes the 200,000 book sales mark! Congrats !
Maybe ill go to bed..
So upset although I knew it was coming.
When your political career is dead you should lie down, close your eyes and stop bothering people.
Director, Julissa Carmona reteams with AADA director, Janis Powell, in preparation of her latest production "Broken Vines".
1/2 pieces of gum makes the pack last 2 times longer
Had a great time ! Fun show! Will share the stream link later!
no clue.
He's no Cam Newton, not a dual threat. Only strength is scrambling with ball... Too inacuurate of a passer. Limits an offense...
you to
Just saw a lady with a mint julep tucked between her boobs at the Kentucky Derby.
Wow! Clippers and grizzlies showed good sportsmanship before the game!
love u guys i have 541 followers :) thnx u all :)
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
Grange t-shirts are going fast!
Stupid nurses wouldn't let me have my phone til now :/ lol.
Cheers! Happy #WW just finished a fab wine trip to Santa Ynez
Heart stopped beating 4 atleast 10 sec. Cold RT : It has taken 12 minutes but I've finally forgiven Cal for playing with my emotions.
I was thinking we had more spots! But I have been wrong before and many times ! Hehe
Just watched Food Inc & Food Matters the other day. Great motivation booster. Check these documentaries out ASAP if you have not already!
Thx for following,folks!
My first business card had "Jukebox Hero" listed as my position. True story.
Copycat Project blowin up! RT I have one thing in my story neither the Atlantic nor NPR had: Blood!
Man something about old skool funk that makes you tap your feet.
thanks love! Have a great day!!
jake what's up Boss
I like mobile sites over apps too. Consistency and less likely to be missing something. I like to have it all.
Can we implement national programs throughout public school curriculum to teach internet safety?
I hope I meet you someday you are an amazing guy and any girl would be lucky to have you and will you please follow me? (:
@ kara, this time I saw it and thought contrast and comparison
Ahh. Amplified is great man. Keep it up. What setup to do having running?
The Olympics of acting is HOLLYWOOD! Who you know, what you look like and then your ability.....
OW Holmes - once you've expanded the human mind, it cannot return to original form
Look I ain' tryna be rude.,but I ain't tryna eat your food....I'm a keep it funky with you girl we ain't that cool
My grandparents was gonna let Melynnie come to dinner with us but her parents would let her.
to be fair, there are a lot of what we would consider to be good lawyers here.
and just how did I not know today was National Grilled Cheese day? I missed out!
Saw Death Of A Salesman last night and it blew me away. Reminded me why I am an actor.
“: gonna record a commentary on some of the ignorant shit white people have told me over the past 4 years of high school.” 0_0
Many different rolls of wire has came in.Some R listed in R online store 4 just $12.99 for 100'. Standed Copper wire, Twisted Pair ect.
Mean girls will never get old
yes! I am! DM me or email me
...a magic and lavender space unpinned from the hours around it, between worlds."
check my location on FourSquare in 15 minutes. If I don't tweet in 3 hours, chances are I was in bitten.
Dubstep on the radio?!
I #Believe when the time comes will finally follow me(: #NEVERSAYNEVER #DREAMBIG #1InA18MillionChance he wil actually see this
I like the thunder
Feels good to be home :)
Congrats Dragon Tat. Great film.
If April showers bring may flowers then what does April snow storms bring?
Been doing a lot of busy work. You know making pc's to send to CD's with my "Morgan" quote. My IMDB Starmeter is up which makes me happy.
Well I'm glad I got to see my best friend and my lil cute twins!! Now it's time to shower and sleep... goodnight y'all!!
wasn't u guys the last to beat the National Champs???
“: The Game is the best show on BET!” < Ditto!
Hahaha! You put your laptop in, you put your laptop out, you put your laptop in and you shake it all about...
Haha yes!! Cause she talk to alotta people that could be a lie ;p hahah
Common Myths and Misconceptions with Credit Card Processing Fees
thanks so much :)
haha good times!
So who is coming over for mania cause I'm cookin' and need to know how much I'm making
i really just woke upp.
Off work, headed to tailgate soon at Kauffman...loving my Monday!
When you realize, everything gets on your nerves, lol.
really?! I was at Macy's in Dadeland and there's no reception there that's probably why I didn't get it D:
I don't chase women,I chase dreams
haha yay, let the reckless nights begin t(^.^)t
I like to hold the door open for people when they're too far away just to make them run a little bit.
but she does has an interesting take on Irish people
You need a feature. Someone to take one song that you been working on and take it to the top. Holla at me. Im killing shit
Yum!!! Peach Crumble even?????
might have the best job ever! www.adidasgolf.com/witw If you like golf, and you know you do, check him out!
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God^^^^^^^^^^
Apr 5, 1922: Cabinet discussed possibility of a de Valera unilateral declaration of a Republic of Ireland.
I've missed more days this year than my entire high school career combined. If that doesn't scream senioritis, I don't know what does.
Lily Halpern, honey, weren't you dating harry? Psh the truth came out babe. Who's next? Zayn? Niall?
Sorry fact is most of these kids never make it to a pro career either. In NCAAF too; it's BS. needs to change.
See you tomorrow knuckleheads. RT “: Do you have a favorite #Wilbon quote? Give me the gist & I'll find it #faveWILBONquote”
Shattered a mirror... into my back. How many years of bad luck is that? #clumsy #doomed is rubbing off!
Thinking about the logic problem that is carpool...
I hope u feel better lol especially before june 30 lol
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1943 "Oklahoma!" by Rodgers and Hammerstein debuted on Broadway. The original title was "Away We Go".
I started out with nothing I still have a little left
Try to convince to take me to your house!
this is not a good time to get bug bites on my legs .. no no no no no NO
I can't DM you because you're not following me. :( Short answer: just house-hunting. I start beginning of June.
Hi Cory, I sent you an email about Kitchen PLAY and just want to make sure you received it. Let me know! Thanks, Casey.
Woman at airport restaurant orders eggs Benedict, eggs well-done.
catholic priests at it again...springtime in philly!
My cab driver stopped the meter and bought me coffee. Good morning!
PAT is BLOCKED! Pittsburgh leads 12-9 in the 2nd quarter.
Very last hands-on lab covering client management including client health and remote tools. #mms2012 #ConfigMgr 2012
I'm hungry
Really wanna go swimming :)
But you said he apparently liked you. Which is not true at all because you are eww ugly.
how bout them Irish!
You can share your thoughts on National Bookmobile Day.
I like that you wish your followers goodnight. Sometime I hate that you do that. Today I like it
please follow me <3 I love you. .
agree, very nice detail. I did feel trapped with them at times.
solamere?? Corp are ppl too mr frnd. Bought and paid for.
Jesssie and Becca are being loud.
Happy, happy Mardi Gras! Today is the last day of sugar for me for 40 days! No sweets, treats or sugary delights. Time to celebrate.
where u headed too
Powers for the win!
I just seen a cheetah on steroids
gotchu! Its just taking a while to render the beat from Fl Studio lol. But i'll send it in 10 mins or so
my favorite song we play right now. And that's not the Jameson talking :)
Thought my final started at 2...was 30 min late <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I should wake up everyone in my phone
Good things come to those who wait , but great things come to those who get the hell up && go after what they want !! I mean really..
I just got this odd feeling for country music.
I didn't need to know about Kenny.
i dunno if we can give kids weapons. lol
Got home waiting for to come later <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Pls RT Dear San Francisco: I'd really like a #job where I am the #assistant to an #executive for a #startup. I'm ready to work my tail off.
People ask too many questions.
FUCK YOU HYPOCRITES.
NBA Playoffs 2012: Best Storylines for Conference Semifinals: We were robbed of one of the NBA's best potential matchups when Derrick...
One of my students really made my day. You never know where a nice gesture will come from. Thanks.
Attention teenagers in Liverpool nightclubs: stop chewing gum!
What are these #weebles you speak of ? Are they the "wobble but they don't fall down"type?
15 min late to yoga - what motherhood is all about: showing up, often imperfectly.
Diplomacy and Tact. I off to learn how to be all that I can be. Learning is the key of life; it never stops turning.
Everybody is going to hurt you, you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for. #StoryOfMyLife #TrueTweet #<U+2764>
Actually, forgets.
U R ALRIGHT WIT ME LLAB
very much! Maybe you should write to FB; what if she is getting messages that are meant for you?
When these lames going mainstream? Haha. Probably never, their limited, stuck in the box. Its a shame cuz they actually have talent
It was SO GOOD! It's at a place called Smitten in Hayes Valley.
We've all reached the point where everything is not funny, it's hilarious. 1 more scene to go.
Flying out this morning and coming back tonight. loading my iPad with books, TV Show, ETC...and I know i'm just going to play angry birds
Bachmann's win was based on ignorance of the FACTS, ignorance, & gullibility and fear of voters.
If we @ u in one of our posts, it's only to give u credit because we lovin the music! don't be afraid to RT though, show some love back!!
why did you change you twitter name lol
Geometry lesson: Lela Rose mixes geo prints to perfection in a collection punctuated by gray and mustard yellow - and fab cocktail frocks.
Looking for a bathrobe for Halloween at Goodwill is weird because the bathrobe section is right next to the underwear section.
your welcome and ok =]
Ballgame. 9ers O Can't move the ball.
oh wow you're too kind :) if ya liked it be sure to pick up a copy of the ep :) and thanks again!!!
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations. - Benjamin Disraeli
Doesn't make it easy
How about you bring back, host and compete in "American Gladiators"?!
thank you for sharing kudos for Annie! Great to have you as a member - Happy Friday!
That's a wrap for Day 1 of the San Mateo PSA! Had an great time, met some really great ppl & even officially Slated!! :D
Installed #PhoneME #JavaME VM from #Optware on #NSLU2. Seems to run #db4o test app OK so far. Will check again after a few hours...
Blasting Passion Pit while I get ready. It's one of those days.
Good Morning y'all
I can imagine, nice cash windfall, do the players get a bonus? Why no OT? I like the favorite in a blowout
Just had an hour long phone convo with even though we live in the same apartment complex.
Sweet rest and dreams to you both ~ We'll catch up in the new day.
i got really upset and cried because i got in a fight with my sister because she didnt wanna go buy me never saynever =(
#TheDayJalenStopPerpin is the day that juice go to ohio state
Would you do it? lol!
Thank U !
I feel like it is. It seems like such an arbitrary figure prone to gaming.
GAME TIME BITCHEZ!!
Ok I'm tired of driving
I seriously can't stop rearranging my room. /:
It was great catching up with my old friend today :)
we misses u
works great! 1pm work for u? Looking forward to it!
...SHIT !!! I shouldn't have done that :/
Welcome to ABDC, where you compete against praising the producers.
Pet bathing: team building exercise or torture? Loki remains conspicuously undecided.
33mattishot88- EW WTF. Um you're my bestfriend, we rule the school! Lololol! And you got Matt aids.
Chances of getting into Stanford, MIT, Cornell?
Watching "Two and A Half Men".
who you like in the heavy weight bout tonight ma dude?
with a bit of "That is all you have accomplished in life" face slap: Bob McWilliams reminded me Stan Rogers would 62 today.
I'm so hungry I'm eating an apple.
Lovin' the group I'm lucky enough to work with in
Hi, I'm the team mom.
Just woke up, going to my uncles garage, and then Shaler's play before I get to make mad money as a waitress
Don't Stop. Don't Give Up. You Will Make It. Keep Moving!
was hands down literally the best experience of my life. Thank u all
this book changed my life. In the words of , DON'T FUCK IT UP!!
Got a hole in one on PGA and then lost by 7 strokes
Thanks for the RTs !
get FREE breadsticks with any order from Lee's Pizza when you order with BrewCityBites this week!
nice! You're more than welcome to photocopy any of the #zines from the popup library!
The Color Lilac
have to snicker at the "hashtag of record" notion, archiving notwithstanding. ;) See y'all tomorrow morning.
play da lottery
>>yes man!!! What's up my brutha!!!
HELL YEAH!!!
So found out I have a stripper friend. EVERYTHING YOU SAY IS IRRELEVANT!!! :)
So when the awards show happens, instead of being SAG Awards it will be SAGAFTRA Awards?
if you like Pinot noir...try underwood cellars from Oregon. Had a meritage from this weekend and it was good.
Had fun at the Hawks Game. Mad they won though.
i watch that video j. Real talk from front to back!
Love that.
Time for Harold Henderson's Records of the Indianapolis Orphan Asylum
Mom brought me soup! Gluten-Free Soup!
Yup. Ooh, even better of Eldrad allowed warlocks.
Pines are dancing in the wind and the Cardinals are loving the breeze.
I should unfollow you since you don't follow me, bc you listening to me is more important than me listening to you.
Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse ,they did.
I don't think Johnny's telling me everything.
Thanks Mike Blaine helped me strategize on web, blog, & social media. Highly recommend his firm www.WOM10.com for websites.
Eating leftover lamb chops, bacon-wrapped asparagus, grilled mushrooms and mashed cauliflower. Monday's not so bad, after all!!
want to follow my tumblr ? dont know why you would want to, but i consider you all my friends so --> bringdaniellathehorizon.tumblr.com/
Does anyone have overnight dog boarding in SD they know and trust? Or someone who overnight pet sits in their home?
Great day today(: how was urs? ;)
So I bet you don't want to hear how my main accomplishment was unloading the dishwasher ;)
Hectic day!!! but its not over.... just got super upload speeds for our servers so we're gonna b able to service our clients 15X faster!!
same here. Text me when you're free and let's plan something.
Sweetwater Sup Brand says contract with SGI - construction firm overseeing bond projects - suspended following charges from DA.
RT : RT to win 3 #SweetJack vouchers for Feb. 11! Winner will be chosen Monday at 10 am.
lls The air band
Yup. To cute!
Hahaha so true! Gordon Ramsey is totally scary/crazy! I feel like I could get a panic attack just watching him on the show!
"It's not what you are willing to do that will make you successful. It's what you are willing to do without until you get there"
BYOB means bring YOUR OWN beer. Either get some before or pay people, don't mooch..
can't wait for the concert tonight!!
This overcast day is making Natasha Bowdoin's The Daisy Argument glow! Come and check it out in The Arcade.
The Jambox is just an incredible POS. I'll never get those hours of my life w/ customer service back.
Fun fact, RT “: Happy Artist Professional Practices Day!”
thanks, guys!
Hyperbowl? Isn't that the one where the players are on Ritalin?
we're in the back of
i only pray that God helps me when i'm struggling in the future. cuz i kno that i will be.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow that I'm not a really shy person! ;)
Good morning world! Thank u God 4 allowing me to see another day and TGIF!
Picked up pasta sheets for pumpkin ravioli tonight. Talked about the recipe at the store, might have a few people following me home tonight
Hype about the new film Texas Killing Fields', filmed in texas with up and coming actress Deneen Tyler. Can't Wait!!
Thank you! We sent an email over this morning!
have a shake for me!
girl she had me scared for a min...I cursed everybody out in this hospital!!
Parkway Drive<3
You are so right-- click & collect is hardly "news". Sears, Nordstrom, Walmart, BestBuy all implemented over a year ago.
First u might need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps. kids come first
Thanks for the Mention!
it's scary. :p if I ever get caught I'm just gonna run like hell
I see! Yeah I'm staying fri-mon!!
Wats good world
No, he was on the other side, back when I was in NY for last year I guess, He doesn't even know. He was rude before. Ssshh. ;|
It was going to end up in a high note, with an uplifting musical # for Marilyn. Now, the pills on that obsessed actress. Why hasn't she die?
want to roll with me to Refused?
One thing that amazes me the most about NYVS is their ability to sing perfectly in tune all the time, even with unbelievably complex music.
goodnight beautiful <3 :)
Ah, I finally unfollowed Guy Kawasaki...I was getting so sick of his dozens of automated tweets each day!
:'( I just kneeded my seld in my month :'(
Have a great weekend everyone!
which holdout is most likely to end first? Gore, Chris Johnson, or Desean Jackson?
No you tuurrdd! Ahahaha. I'm freaking out about failing thhat test. Haahaha(:
I hadn't thought about it that way.
Finally been retweeted by someone famous :) thank you lol
@ night u think u dream, when u wake there is cream; All the kids n the land, have learned 2 just use their hand
Sale for this weekend -- buy any two pairs of pants and get 1 shirt of equal or lesser value for FREE (Sept 30th, Oct 1 and 2 only!)
#ghettotranslations you is showin out= you are acting unlike your usual self to gain attention
:) RT : Just accidentally typed chimney sheep instead of chimney sweep. thus my new brilliant picture book idea is born of a typo.
First make sure you got what you need in life to be happy with yourself.. than focus on the money.
I think that flavor is a goner. I bought 10 cases of it when it was on clearance. I built a ramen cellar under my house.
bout to head out and scoop up my dude and see if we can mk some magic happen today
You're alone in EVERY picture?!? No friends huh! Ouchie!
Now I want one!
I'm sad. I have to choose between seeing you next week or seeing
Wait, so, are you suggesting foundation garments for swimwear? I have never heard of that. Is that a thing people do?
If you can't Handle my worst You ain't getting my best
You are not only articulate, you're kinda cute to boot it up. Kudos.
Don't lose yourself in the process of loving someone too much, forgetting that you are special too.
boo. Hiss. Get a refund.
IM HILARIOUS THANK YOU..
Reading Schoenberg's Harmony Bk. brilliant Can't imagine NOT reading it in German! Those great sentences that look like a whole paragraph!
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012 students didn't like being experiments with, etext, long narrated lectures,
only if you bring super mario sunshine & metroid!
h&m, nyc & co, target. The staples of my temping wardrobe.
It be bout 3 year now and I still miss lil bro
Beautiful sunny day in #SanDiego! Where did you take your #car2go today?
is taking a moment to decompose himself.
you like The Saint? We have a movie/makeout date in the near future.
You know, the way PHX is playing tonight (dirty) won't help Torres' appeal case much. Entire organization needs a wake up call.
If it has to do with spelling things correctly or not spilling things, I probably should not be in charge.
and I have people trying to Indian-ize my first and last name which is really annoying
shoullda been up for a vma(:
Fear the Ceej.
#Actors - Anne McCarthy #casting role of OLIVER 16 Male Blue Eyes Innocent Expression for the show "Family Dies." More castings in the app!
Let's go out or let's cuddle? . . . #Sexy #Followers which do you prefer?
someone kick me outta my mind i hate these thoughts i can't deny.
and with a little wasabi on the side.
I miss my boyfriend.
LMFAO, yes yes you are, all the kudos in the world go to you ! :D
is coming over! Yay!
Sorry for the problems. If you could please follow & DM the primary domain so we can look into this further ^CH
What a goal by the #Coyotes!! Shot from center ice that beats Quick. Amazing!!
hey :) do u remember me ?
my whole body is cold lol
You should share the link when you. I'd like to see what YA books you are sharing! I get a lot of retweets from lib. pages
Work work work is all I do..
Glad I attended tma event tonight - always well run.
"That is the most sickeningly sweet thing I have ever experienced. And I am sipping Kool-Aid through a Red Vine." - Dr. Sheldon Cooper.
Thx to for the Domy Books tip. Art book browsing is the perfect way to decompress from
HOT <U+2714> FLAWLESS <U+2714> AWESOME <U+2714> COOL <U+2714> TALENTED <U+2714> SEXY <U+2714> CUTE <U+2714> ADORABLE <U+2714> FUNNY <U+2714> AMAZING <U+2714> LOVABLE <U+2714> = AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE.
It's moving day which means this may be my last East Main Tweet from Smithtown
S/O to da brownskin skin women, to me dem brownskin women is da #SEXIEST women eva idk to me its something bout dem
Um guys, remember how hot Ben McKenzie is?
Deadline for submitting to FI has ended for 2011, but we are still reading the submissions we received.
Woah - sounds kinda... interesting.
Proverbs 23:10 "Do not move an ancient boundary stone or encroach on the fields of the fatherless"
RT Makes u feel like a dragon breathin fire from your nostrils! RT SCREAMER ROLL! #bEwARe cc:
Just think, if that Colts had dumped Caldwell last year do you honestly think Harbaugh wouldn't have loved a chance at the job?
do people do #ShoutOutSunday?
Thank you for everything I had the best birthday ever and just getting to meet you and give you a hug was the greatest gift ever.
smoking on planes wasn't that long along. It was disgusting.
O sister where art thou?
Long lines to win the $640M for the Mega Millions lotto. What would u do with $640M??
rain makes me sleepy ahaha
I dislike
have u gone mad???“: I want seasonal temps to return. #thereIsaidit #thishotweathersucks”
I'm so happy!! won Best Male & Best Pop CONGRATS KIDRAUHL
love this horoscope
thanks for the follow. :)
when will you guys play a show in the Bay Area?!
thanks! Me too!! Collabo!!
Things are looking up!!!!
Pretty fired up to see Nick Perry when I'm up in GB in a few months for training camp #defensebaby hopefully its back this year
London show celebrates modern age design innovation
what is the likelihood of a UK tour this year? ;)
I hate all those event invites on facebook
beers n' chores are the best combo.
Nice job on your CNN MyCityMySecret segment.
Pain is weakness leaving the body
Lex and Terry radio show will actually mess with them when they call the show hotline - hilarious bit
Wow. am i the only one who had no idea what was happening during Lil Kim's plead the 5th?
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
You deserve at least three after that!
When favor is flowing you just have to love it....knowing you didn't earn it but God just chose to give it....
ME TOO!
You need to teach the young ones Jen.
Thanks for the mention, Kate! Glad you have joined us!
yo ugly ass
I want nap time...so tired...
Come in today for a FREE beer and slice of pizza!!! (3-6 pm)
Never underestimate the power of a dream!
...Rightly said!! And on that sagely observation, I shall leave the Twitterverse for the evening. 'Night.
Also, it's Thirsty Thursday at Baked! Get an extra pint o' cow juice with a Hotbox Special. Make sure to mention the deal! Please RT!
RT : If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
did you buy it frozen or already thawed out?
Just spent a fabulous evening with and talking about - the love of #life, #wine, #food and
very true RT : We're all waiting for the first real competitor to the iPad.
I'm up all night. Whole crew's in here cause I don't really know who Imma' lose this year.
You ever feel pity, anger, empathy, and frustration all at the same time? It's quite something......
My corgi sleeps under my desk. Lays head on battery backup/surge and hits the on/off button. Poof! Off goes computer.
that looks delicious! Hope tomorrow is a better day!
Thank you Michele! Happy Friday! Thxs for the follows!
I LOVE you so much. :) Follow back??
Sometimes U Gtta Swallow Yo Pride And Let Somethings Go...Thats Sum I Gtta Work On
#ff Amazing musicians
Stupid excited, I just scheduled a spa day for this Sunday! Girl needs some relaxation time.
#Tweet 1,801 - #HappyValentinesDay Twitties (.)(.) Hope you spend it better than me!! ;)
Houston, Giants and Broncos to cover spreads. All will lose
Almost to Corvallis. Rainy!
Retweet this if U think I should get an instagram...
Finally cable wifi and phone is back on I luv u
U R Welcome :)
The Broad Street Bullies are at it again!! Go FLYERS. Philly rules!
...cause I'm walking paranoia
Buddhism140: Life=suffering. Clinging=the disease. Nirvana=the cure. Path=let go(d), be good/wise/mindful. Budda=dried sh-t. Wake up! Ahh!
Sora said she's cool for may 12
The greatest activation you've seen this year at a sporting event is _____________ (would love your insights/perspectives)
RT : Get a new piercing this week- That's All I Really Wanna Do
niz they're gona add another win to their collection (:
You're Getting Facebook Timeline seriously stop fb trends here,its twitter
The sad thing is, I don't have the capability to make this happiness last. It'll spiral down as usual and I'll be left broken again.
you rock
they thought class was over....Shid u gon learn today
Thanks Merissa! I was so scared to do it! lol " , your new #natural hair color is RIDUCULOUSLY gorgeous...."
Tell Gary England & Val Castor I said hi.
Right back at you! Cheers!
"Wicked problems" seems a bit negative... maybe "wild opportunities" could be a productive way to move forward.
hey whats up? U remember me? I play drumms for Plug In Stereo on tour..;)
I ment ta say im going lol
You are pretty af ! Deff not ugly ( :
Facebook forcibly switched me to the timeline layout. NO. STOP. WHAT R U DOING.
I just ate Arbys. I know it's not #Paleo but it was so good to eat regular food again.
Looks great! Thanks for sharing.
Due to a booking error, I will not be singing at Blue Water Grill 2nite! I know....I'm sorry...not my fault:(
Self glorification is just plain arogant.
huh , are u sure?
“: great youu?”great
Uh oh.
WBOK 1230 AM Analysis of the election and "post-racialism" in New Orleans - on now.
iAm iNtellegent An An iAlways Have A Since Of Humor !
IQ2US Chairman Rosenkranz is now introducing the topic. He came to value employees with a sports pedigree.
doesn't understand why they have braille buttons on the drive thru at the bank ATM.
I had to wait all season to watch Favre revert to his true form, but it was worth it!
Did you guys get your John Mayer tix yet?
1 yr suspension for Saints HC, & Greg Williams indefinitely?? How did Belichick get away with his crime w/just a hand slap? #SpyGate was bad
Being told about things after the fact <<
Thx for the follow. Are you with Broward County government, or a non-profit? Keep up the good work.
Congrats on the USA call-ups guys!
I love and miss you all too!!!
Anyone hear anynews on & whether he's still with the or not?! I'm going nuts over here!!!
RFT !! “: I just smile and act like everything's okay with me, when its not.”
thanks trace for the follow
Be careful who you ignore, it might be the person to change your life forever
I'm Getting Roberto's :D
Happy mothers day to a woman who inspires woman around the world!<3
"Will you look back on life and say, "I wish I had," or "I'm glad I did"?" - Zig Ziglar
MAYOR STEPHANIE RAWLINGS-BLAKE will cut our ribbon at 12:30 in our GRAND OPENING CEREMONY! 8/18, 9-7. 2800 Sisson Street. Come and join us!
Buy 11:11 , 's new single on iTunes! If you havent yet, your missing out a good song! "..im so lucky with the love i found"
It's 4:20 on 5/5. Thank you Mexico for all you bring to our country.
To my NYC fam, plz go check out bro he's playing there tonite w/ DJ eleven
": i still like #oomf but i think she likes others.."
I'm in a meeting about twitter while wasting time on twitter.
or you could have shown up at sports company in all pink...
Got to see the first proof of the artwork for the new EP last night... we are so pumped!
So I just realized the Festival of Books is this weekend. And I missed it! And I'll have 2 wait entire year to attend.
hey z!!!! Great show for the season opening!!!! ;) Me-ow
we'll be there!
Maybe I will get lucky & it will be fixable.
This Mahomie just made my day <3 so y'all should follow her if you want a smile on your face(: you won't regret it.
have fun at the dive bar!
I should have waited until today to get my gumbys fix
Trying to mimic 2Chainz voice
NFL still stands for no fun league...I thought it was hilarious
wishing i had PB&J at work
SAVE AMERICAN DAD!
so then, based on what you have said, I presume you disagree with the idea of paying a pastor/preacher?
guys with braces<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I had two big jackets on... A blanket. And before I left we got an extension cord and put a heater in here
Three months to my wedding and I'm getting stressed
MIxtape Might Release Earlier Than Expected
Ever tried to catch a Mewtwo with a regular pokeball? You might as well throw an orange covered in vaseline.
Is it bad that Im starting to know a lot more songs on the oldies station? Getting old!
My morning oatmeal is just not as awesome when I forget the crunchy flax seeds.
It's colder than a hookers heart in this doctors office.
Great day to be in Luckenbach Texas! 1-5p. Then straight to the Fort Sam Houston Base in San Antonio for Oktoberfest! 7:15-8:45p. Come on!!
seems like it'd be a chore, right? I don't know how they do it.
So that's who makes your eyes light up. Beautiful.
Tomorrow it is then.
dhddbdheidbdj I can't freakin wait.
Follow me and
You can rest in the fact that the supernatural power of God is being released and at work as you suffer for the sake of the Kingdom.
Thanks to for representing us at #sojam2011 this weekend. You rock, Mike!
And we are very glad you are still with us.
I Wonder Do Young Girls Feel Odd When Someone Wishes Them HappY Mothers Day
Jon, thanks for the comment. Read two of your tweets. That was enough. Now following you...
Laying in bed, staring at the ceiling, wishing was here.
hello to u
RT Napkin sketch in 1974 led to Reaganomics. #12ntc shocking, but not
maybe we can just go for the weekend, and if not miami san diego or vegas. we should just get away.
-Being good resource would mean pointing users to author Web sites where work out-of-print on paper can be found. See u in Bkly!
JT is coloring a picture "just like Elfred's". I'm enjoying a homemade vanilla latte and roasting a pumpkin. Yay for Saturdays!
but, but, Muschamp was left with an empty cupboard!
Being a manager at your job sucks
Jersey bound and it's cool and shit
I had a weird dream.
It is so hot outside..my church clothes always seem so thick too smh
I wanna gain 20lbs
I have a little crush on China Chow.
I don't need a BG just RT to help <U+2665> You all do GR8 work!
Agreed! We think that is one of healthiest/tastiest of all the apple cider vinegars.
Seriously Lakers? I am about to be done. Call me back when the real Lakers show up. It sure isn't this team.
It's so nice outside!
LOL! RT Soulja boy arrested, probably for making that awful song
nobody will watch the show it's all about the jets and Rex
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
it's my birthday today and I would love it if u would follow me or at least wish me a happy birthday!?:)
Visit with our most precious resource--our kids--in the after-school program on the West Side of Charleston at the Dunbar Center.
In Sao Paulo - present tomorrow on a collaborative project in virtual worlds - an international architecture studio idialab.org/projects/14
Thanks, Jason. Your opinion is always welcome.
I'm enjoying a Turkey and Ham on flatbread today. Did I mention it was free?!
they're goin to have a pic later
Thank you for the retweet!
My company does PR for actors and psychics... have you been doing your own PR and if so how is it going for you?
For that distance at roughly a 9:15 pace, I usually figure 475-500 calories.
What was one, was destined to be continued in slotitude.
thank you for the klout!
Thanks for the RT! - Glad you enjoyed it.
Dear ninja, I take the pics, not you... I know its too dark...
Wow. That is awesome. <3
First experience with git seems to have gone relatively smoothly...
I love Vampire Diaries, I have no shame.....catching up on the season.
No mention of Twitter or other social media as way FBI communicates with the media.
Grab a hand full of walnuts for a nutritious snack that has 90% of your daily req. for Omega 3 EFA, the perfect brain food!
let me do the damn thang!
thank you johnna!! (:
that's when herbs come in lol
Love that Jon just said "kerfuffle" on
i do sit back & just think about how my life has changed .
I haven't got anything for my mom.. :( I feel like a horrible son.
Starting to count down... 10 days till my flight home :)
yeah!! We miss you... What happen with you that day??
Eating birthday cake ice cream ^.^
ur satisfaction with your nails makes me want to go and get mine cleaned up for the first time
M we have Yuzu Shu in now. Beautiful Japanese citron liquor, great for an after dinner spirit
I'm already at 5%
I received all A's this past semester!!!!
ringalinglingling!!!! hello?! hi Roxanne! thanks for following #mofones!! talk soon!
just setup/confirmed a phone interview via text! I love me some technology!
Fave peeps working 4 immigrant rights
14 tracks on the mixtape "The Breakthrough" next mixtape im droppn is "Round 5: Final Round"
Lol welcome to Detroit RT : Driving home from Michigan and I have seen about 3 cars that broke down.
Watching Atlanta of Housewives RT @ IAMHEALTHYHAIR
#ThingsIheareveryday "be quiet and do your work, stop fooling around."
Hope everyone had a great weekend! Remember, Monday is just another day that ends in Y! Have a great week!
Our KRISITI YAMAGUCHI event may be full, but you can still have her book signed for you! Come on in and get your DREAM BIG LITTLE PIG!
walk your ass up to Wendy's bro
damn shame.
well he's talking shit again, follow me & see if u can read his BS! He looks like an inbred f'in dope. His pic is his brofather!
This game so hype
it was reactionary by wisconsin. PR nightmare. Wisconsin is part of the problem.
I can't believe it I just saw this guy with a beeper and he didn't look like a doctor.
Its a cloudy rainy morning..good for the grass I guess.Oh&How bout them 2011/12 #SuperBowl #Champions? Them #NewYork #Football !
The Obama Re-Election Campaign officially starts tomorrow-----what's taken it so long??
Safe this one too!!! With a full Bulls team , PHI got no chance period!!! Injures
Ok few. I saw the couples night painting the golden gate, & thought I got it wrong. I'm in for the 24th!!
You will never fulfill your purpose or reach your full potential in life without God.
.ikr. at this rate he's gonna get killed by a truck and we are all going to have to switch to progressive.
Glad you like it. I hope to see you at the next meetup.
Heading to #brewers #arctictailgate to spend a little time with my girl !! Go Brewers!
Most likely going to projectile vomit today. Watch out world :)
Math class
the one where all five guys in the floor are passive and afraid to shoot
BJ Sander! RT: : Everyone drink cuz a punter was drafted on the 3rd freakin round.
Sorry we haven't updated this Twitter in so long, we took a little break. We'll be back up from now on though! :)
thank you so much!
B transparent & collaborate- "80% of companies not doing their best 2 communicate strategy bit.ly/fOJiv5 #HR #business "
school & hating it! shes adorable.
Sometimes I think I spent too much time in school - when I see anything about pinterest, I wonder how you would charge interest on momentum.
#springsteen badlands
itS sO trUE tHO
Yeah im fake u know it. And ur a low life bitch with no life
The full-time data geek chapter. It officially ends at the end of June. (Why no, I have no idea what's next.) :)
I'm done.. Suerte loco
Glow at South Mountain Yoga's free community class: today 4-5pm with Anusara Inspired teacher Amanda Marra. 18 S. Orange Ave., S. Orange.
Enjoy the weather and touring Cleveland today!
staying up late knowing i need to be in the bed.!
That was the best world cup game I have ever seen #usawomens soccer
Nothing like a shootout to show off our phenomenal goalie! One more to go for the win. Let's go Kings!
Bravo! Bravo! It shows your true superpowers. Such an attack would've blinded a lesser mortal.
RT : By the way - Dale Hunter is addressing his team in a few minutes to give them his reasons for leaving in person.
In the meantime, our film GEORGE will be having its release party at Dark Delicacies in Burbank on Oct 4th at 7pm.
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin A-L-W-A-Y-S:)))
something more is up with this dude
Offense comes and goes. Pitching and defense wins championships.
"Life is just a bitch, bitches like to hoe, hoes want the money and money come and go"
any more tickets for the 2nd act?
Enjoying e-ARC of THE STEEL SERAGLIO by Mike Carey et al. on my Nook. Nothing like Felix Castor but a great read!
HEY YOU OVER THERE, WITH A NICE SHINE IN YOUR HAIR, I'D REALLY LIKE TO TALK TO ~YOU~
Happy Mothers day to my lovely momma! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Heartbreak Collision.
"Remember always to think 'this is the weather I wanted.'"
You've probably read 'em, but "Book of Salt" (Truong), "Nightwood" (Barnes - Vienna AND Paris), and anything by Henry Miller
i could use 16M in funding
Being broke makes for some lame saturday nights...
LOL K.O Joints.
Nikes don't fit me either. I PR'd in 3 big races with Newtons, but for the money I can't cough up 175 for shoes every 6 months.
you and have the same birthday...wow hA
The suspense is killing me!!!
go check out the premiere of #BURN at the #Tribeca Film Festival today
Is anyone watching this Rihanna performance right now?!
": They say, "Keep your friends close & your enemies closer." The problem is, nowadays, you can't tell them apart."
Tops at Comfort Food Fest: Foie gras pierogi Anthony Goodwin of Butcher & Singer went for a French twist on the Eastern European staple.
I'll shock D from time to time in memory of you.
it will be!!(: the questions will get harder if they answer the easy ones
IN LIKE 20 RT when u gon be here?
Hahahahahaha.. easy coach . Lol we work hard over here .
Thanks for sharing the photo, Katelyn.
Time to haul my sugar addicted ass back up on the work out wagon. I'm taking Cher with me....
we have our tickets! “: 1 day, 4 hours and 18 minutes until The #HungerGames.”
no more google labs??? whaaaaaa?! sounds like a time for labs!
good pretty good. He really loves me. I dont know how I should tell him that I only love him as a friend. I have a boyfriend
Thank you for the RT's my friends!
Happy birthday Stevie Wonder.
It's sweet when someone knows every single detail about you. Not because you constantly remind them, but because they pay attention.
Really nice. Took mom to brunch, and then we saw The Avengers, which is a lot of fun!
The time it is
Damn where is this nice going to bring me
deep down i know i should cry, i should scream, and get down on my knees. i should say that i need you here. but i'm gonna party tonight ~
I can see the body language as he whined.
At Lexington Plastic Surgeons, we’re always looking for exciting ways for clients to save money. Join the online #auction coming to
"Temptation is an opportunity to sin or to worship God." #truth Which one will you choose?
#Education has the ability to provide #hope through learning to #children that are in a #homeless situation -
the most frustrating part of the production this weekend is location people. They just don't get back to me.
hahahaha its awesome :P
Now that's what's up! Celtics beatin' the HEAT 106-77!
I support this idea
Made it! CULTS.
You are in luck, new designs are already in the making!
My fav places on <U+2605> #toptuesday #OntarioCountyPark ! I so want 2 take the boys #Caming here!
Orlando with the girls!!Planet Hollywood tomrw night?
gold nail polish, a weird skinny headband, makeup brush cleaner (??), some face cleanser, a perfume sample, an xoxo notecard
god damnit i told u to stop yo bullshit #:<
What a hell of a game. We'll get em next year!
Cody, Y U NO REPLY TO ME?
thank you for having me today. Great office space, product and wonderful staff. Thanks Tevon and team.
My twitter app on my phone is acting stupid D:<
I need me a puerto rican ; brazilian ; or another latino woman. Girl I'm on the hunt for you. -my singing voice-
oh yes. Vintage.
finally have to mow again
Suffering the hot side of the pillow while the cold side charges.
juicy rumor! 944 may issue release bash next friday, may 14 at fluxx ... a certain R&B mega-star (rhymes w/ 'blusher') will be there, too!
Hey Sara,where can I send the tracks @
Actually, I switched to Cheez-its.
Goo goo ga joob. We hope u dig the tunes & the video. We gotta find these guys!!!! Best & success.
Robin Hood. The animated one.
and who you can have deeper (productive) talk WITH.
"Fact is i can hang with those who use the term "Y.O.L.O" Apparently there not on the same mission as me!!
WWE say they still do not decide who will return. But candidates for return: The Undertaker Chris Jericho
How am I just now discovering Spotify?
Putting "ha" after every fucken word is stupid. Pay attention in school.dont worry about eastlake when you have grammer issues!
Big Gun's
Love newest single.
Next time, follow them!! (from an old married lady)
108 in Burbank, but it feels like 102??? No, it feels like 108.
Overnight library staff are heading home: the unsung heroes of the 24-hour library.
well of course we love to see good press about Good Green Stuff happening in #oakland!
Welcome Lady LAX BEARCATS 2 B'More!~~ Hope 2 c u
Well, I was here for an hour before getting my first table. And then they wished me a Happy Mother's Day............. -____-
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please? 8
Finding Bigfoot +not finding= paycheck. A terrible show, and investigation.
That's what I'm saying, dude. I don't know see how Lesnar alone is bringing legitimacy. Rock vs. Cena was definitely legit.
Do you have Kyoto hotel suggns? I looked on your google map and postcard five, but didn't see specifics. Sadly, machiya= too much$$$
Either way, huge congrats to Phil Humber. What an accomplishment.
: I believe we can demonstrate the right way to run an economy is the Texas way
If the White Sox just threw some bleach in the washing machine they could wear pink throwbacks for Mothers Day.
what are you up to? Have you doctorate yet? PhD?
I love Downtown Detroit at night. All of the lights plus the riverview.
played the song '(SO YOU'D LIKE TO BE A) MILLIONAIRE' by RICHARD W. HONOSKI A/K/A MR. RICHARD on #
Cool bro... Someone else's bullpen is blowing this one...
TONIGHT IS CRAZY WEIRD!!!
I love my amazing girlfriend so much
Life's burdens are lighter when I laugh at myself.
Happy B Day Best Wishes
if ppl would get that vitimains are better then med we would remain healthy with everything! Great tweet
u not a real man if u can't drink beer!!!
How Have You Been ?
Off to visit daughter & son-in-law.
Kudos to a beautiful exhibit design to design department, my old internship!
HEY!! Why aren't you following me? lol.
I AM SO READY FOR DIRTY SOAP TONIGHT
Great defensive possession. Doug deflected a pass, Jalen fought over a pick, Tray showed on the pick & Pat forced a bad shot + got rebound
That's what you get, James Loney. Base hit ties the game, idiot.
Happy Mothers Day crazy ass Cuban/Jamaican/what else?..lol. Enjoy. What you got planned?
All she wanted was a freak in the bed.
okay okay ill pay for you ;p
I absolutely did. I have a long commute.
Last one of the night: Unlucky Louie
Hope y'all are drinking Ciroc tonight!
Be patient, the new album is cooking and coming together great!
I'm seriously bored
I loved today! The fact the today happened to be my grandpa's birthday may he R.I.P I felt very guided, thank you Today was a great day. <U+263A>
wanna die?
6 1/2 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final 5!. Go Jollymen !!
hahaha took yuh along time to think of that Jeff help you out with that one ? Lol ok I'll fight you let's go
That's right-taking refuge is a reason to rejoice...hiding away our weakness in a strong God can cause us joy--will we let it today? Will I?
you okay?:/
Aw :( I'm a size 8. They're amazing! Xx
thank u for all the love and RTs ;-)
#xfactor josh you will take it. Props to chris rene & melanie.
will likely enjoy the movie, I would imagine.
What kind of vending machine doesn't supply peanut M&Ms??
who now?
You Know Yo' Mans' An Amateur Come Party With Some Pro's !!
You know you still love me though. :3 lol
Why is everyone talking about 50 shades of grey!? Is this a sex book i'm missing out on??
It. Is. Pouring.
i bought waters from a poor kid on the streets in the bronx. $1 baby.
My teacher said we have class Friday... I told her Jesus was ganna be upset about that. She gave me that pissed off look.
Where did this rain from from Houston?!?!
I'M DOING YOU!!! Lol
Watch the Texas team up next...
JD to Mills: "You gotta put the 'home run sign' on more often...".
Necessity may be the mother of invention, but play is certainly the father. -Roger von Oech
o i c. so when do you want to come with me swimming? because i want to ge tit over with before i die!! just kidding sweetie.
Thank you! I just emailed your parents with the good news!
Was Angelina Jolie's bony leg poking out to sniff around for a sandwich?
Watching my kiddo play with nothing but his imagination is a beautiful thing...
followed me. holy shit. my life is complete. (:
I could use some help over @ Pinterest. Do I have to pin everything? : )
clicky click! happy birthday to m!
Word of the day: rapacious (adj) - Disposed to seize by violence or by unlawful or greedy methods
I wish you could go to every state and meet ALL your fans!
why Keith????
thanks for the call today, good news, keep me up to date. Thanks again.
HAVE YOU SLEPT WITH VINNIE LAROCKSTA YET? PRE-ORDER 'BEDTIME STORIES' NOW!!!
needs to bring himself to PA so he can take me out.
Game is tied at 3!
Hmm..not that I'm aware of..but Beligans, that's something i can speak for :)
Happy Birthday and !
do you ever see Amy Dresser?
are you on popgh.com yet!?!
Just got a Flickr pro account. Let the uploading commence!
Just woke up. Now I got the munchys.
Don't like it when I can't reach the people that I need to talk to so that problems can be solved.
I know what it is. unlike most people, i actually look at tweeps profiles before I follow. saw the hyperlink under your user name
We can do that
Why do all car alarms make the same 6 or do sounds in a row?
Good morning everyone! Just one more week till our headlining show at Peabody's so make sure you get your tickets! You also get a free Ep!
There is so much great music it is very easy to accidently miss out some great artists.
I don't understand how your Luck column trash got cover & #SKC got a handful of paragraphs on the 3rd page smh.
any updates?
I wish people appreciated their opportunities more. The old saying - "You can only lead a horse to the water, you can't make him drink it!"
should get up at 5am and do Insanity or P90X with me
Watching!! Love it!
Have so much to do, not sure where to start!?!? Is it Monday???
you're so right! Please send check for $23,750.
It's not much of a problem but I think they're just old pages that had their links broken but are still published?
Eat* wow lol
": “ We goin in tonight at Klusoz!!!”great it is" *Mami has spoken*
iGot robbed the other day and just got out of jail. got is good for letting me keep my life
Hey ! I'm featured at your #GreenWeek! Use your wise words to help my program for MKE! www.smartenergypays.com please RT
Super/sexy Premieres Tonight 9/8c = feat. Degrassi alum
Did you inaccurately use that "those who don't learn from history..." line even ONCE, Shano? Yes? How was the spelling?
Took me forever to find a cute one like that & now its gone
Awesome!! :-) Have fun at the park!
now i know what loneliness truely feels like.....
thanks, stop by sometime and grab the Eggplant sandwich :-)
Hi Lisa! Thanks to you and Raleigh for coming in to speak at TAN today! You're a great speaker!
Leaving Louisville tmrw, coming back next Thursday as a National Champion. Point. Blank. Period.
I just seen this and fell out laughing lmao I remember that too
RT : If u want to do something, don't complain about it & point fingers - just get up & do it -- Vince Gray
If they've found parking use has gone down significantly, they'll reduce rates
I need to move
About 2. RT : morning ladies & gents. you listening to Gilles?
Is it me, or do crickets have really shitty taste in comedy?
Ha, touche. Forgot about that :) That 1975 team w/ Clarke, Parent, McLeish, etc crushed liljpq's soul, & it still hurts
Cafeteria's substitute to a fruit side dish? Chocolate pudding.
I <U+263A> puppies
Sweet! I'm going to wait until I actually go to one of those locations, though. Still only about 30 hours in :\
S0-MOD 2010 The Southern Model Expo and Entertainment Convention Are you ready? Oh lalala!!
Thanks for the #FF mention!
#Gemini actors outnumber the others @ any awards show. Witty & charming they shine on the red carpet but over share in the acceptance speech
Love Barrilito Rum too! : Don Q seems more popular on the island”
Interested in volunteering for the Heartland Film Festival? Stop by the volunteer open house tonight at the office.
Romny is starting to pull neck and neck with Obama. It's the economy stupid.
That's about to be my avi. And wallpaper.
save by the bell lasted
#Packers play 5 primetime games. That means 5 days I'm showing up for work still
"Use the skills you learned in the military to succeed in the biz world" - great video msg thanks for participating
You gotta wow McQuay, Bailey, and Benjamin at the Spring Game so VU can get those commitments!
Jay-Z, D'usse Cognac: Rapper Introduces New Liquor to Compete With Hennessy
I would like to thank all the beautiful people who came to Stella's Starlight last night at Galleria Unico. Caress Sahura was off the chain!
SPREAD THE WORD! Follow US to win FREE LAP DANCES, ADMISSIONS, T-SHIRTS & GIFT CERTIFICATES! Tell your friends to follow
Think I'm gonna go pick on a Jet Blue pilot.
The power of imagination makes us infinite. John Muir
Line of the night came from my wife. I won't repeat it on Twitter though or she'll kill me.
miss you too!
oh. My bad. I take back the celebration dance and offer instead two fingers of whisky.
"You mustn't be afraid to dream a little bigger, darling." - Eames, (Inception, 2010)
Hi, we have an organic booth salon for rent in Fresno, Madera & Clovis. Let us know if you are or knows someone who's interested:)
RT : 17 dogs found homes this weekend! See their cute little faces on Happy Endings page www.familydogsnewlife.org
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO MY BESTFRIEND?!?!:(
I couldn't get here for 's re-opening of "Strike" 2nite but I loved it in 2011 #Indyfringe. 'Glad it's back, in #Irvington!
Best rap song of all time!! “: Jammin' that juicy #Biggie”
I knew I should've woken up earlier to dry them! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Co-hosting another exciting installment of the "Community Worker" on KPOO, 89.5 fm, today at 5:00 pm!
thanks for the kind words ladies! Glad the work is useful :)
congrats. Id love to help out
Don't you have a gf , leave me alone . I thought we promised these hoes will never change US
Hopkins' RBI single secures the 9-1 win for South Alabama in the sixth innings. USA plays winner between ULM and loser of WKU v ULL.
no, I do landman work and was researching mineral rights for a client. Saw a lady get shot...crazy!!
HAPPY EASTER!!! hope everyone has a blessed day:)
City won't be committed in May. That won't happen until after validation, likely 12+ months. My opinion.
I got rid of my Honda CRV for the Clubman. How many kiddies do you have? Could be a tight fit in a mini/Clubman.
and are doing the Williamsburg Tri on July 1st- all of my energy is going to tshirt slogans today for the cheering section
The Rangers put me in a happy mood #KingHenrik #NYR. Going to sleep happy tonite!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
hey how r u?
went to sleep with curlers in my hair and woke up with a pain in the neck - you! Kisses.
We saw Crazy Stupid Love last week... what looks good this week?
Thanks for the RT!
#IWontBe your #Hero, but I'll make your hero laugh so hard they piss their pants...
RT : Impact of the "Open API Economy": "organizations are becoming SaaS providers." at
i tried calling but your phone is off :/
3rd Annual Cocktails for Courage in honor of USMC Cpt. Kyle Van de Giesen is May 25. Donate to KRV Memorial Award Fund. Contact me
there are people who do that for a living. Ever read "The Starfish and the Spider"? they speak of such a guy in that.
:D I'm so excited! I might pee! LOL
Hahaha, we're honored you'd ask!
opps. Haha but I really hope they play it!
I said to my boyfriend you shouldn't eat before you go swimming He said why? I Said you look fat!
I haven't been on twitter much, I really need to start being more active
I swear, I won't go back on the promises that I made to you.
hhhheeyyy bee! How have you been?
Yo I will be here until Jan 4th, but I will be at Justin birthday event.
still finding sand everywhere
tesserae! That was yes
DILLON. You almost got me in trouble in class for that tweet, because I laughed. :|
moochfly is a cute app idea
Really don't wanna go to school tomorrow but hey,,
Thank you! Deep breath! I'll plan a little celebration shindig soon...
#TUFBrazil debut. Huge market/talent development tool for #UFC. Give fans what they want: their own country, language and people.
Had a lovely coffee date with this morning!
Nice to check "Rose Parade" off my bucket list... But time for the game! I have 1001 Rose Bowl Drive in my sights...
how was your flight out?
I'm feelin 22 black. Put a g on it and let it ride
Ikea gets green light for new Reading store Ikea has gained planning permission to open its 19th UK store in Reading, the first to be bui
How do you start a marathon? Connecticut only has 1 marathon. I think that needs to change.
needs a school so he can focus on his next 2years
This montage of Lebron flops is so amazing. Camera doesn't lie!
Challenge measures omega-3 levels before & after taking 1 Coromega Squeeze every day for 90 days. I'm doing it now!
I didn't ignore you girl
"Let me tell you something, you never want to loose a race against the night"
Oh noes! Sorry to hear that! :(
shit the perverted old man was back! This time he bought lube and chocolate body paint. He told me he is a judge!
FOLLOW D LOVVE ON TWITTER
I really miss Harry Potter :(
#YouMightBeStupidIf you tell any girl that she is ugly,everyone is beautiful.Let me correct that #YouAreStupidIf you do that
Being a grown-up is expensive.
Princess boy posed the entire time on stage. Fuscia is the new black
Adding a book to Favorites doesn't automatically download it!
Waking up from a nap three times and replying to your text message late everytime #sorry lol
well let me lnow whem ypu are home so we can party.
Looking forward to rent a vacation house for 2 weeks this summer. Any suggestions ? :)
Does is work for Verizon?
Chilly reception, I'm sure.
you're DAMN right there is.
TONIGHT!!! La Cage, Milwaukee, WI and HUNTERS, Chicago, IL!! See our HOTTIES DANCE for you!!!
omg what would you do?!
Plugged in my printer to my computer and it randomly printed out 3 pages of tic tac toe games - weird.
i am liking this assignment. It is tough, but kind of fun. Best of luck to Mr Price's agents.
did I say "your." I meant tour!
Not really suprised RT asked a full house "who likes #google+?" The silence was deafening.
stop talking to me.
Sounds Great! Thanks for checking it out! cc
Hi! How can be considered for Entrepreneurs Of The Week? Thanks!
braces come off tomorrow
I have a new plan for work relations. I think it will be much better for me.
you are welcome
Just spent 16$ 1/2 pond @ The Market for dinner 2night. Oops
OKC getting creative with their t-shirts: distributed blue to some sections, white to others. Looks cool!
How many times to do you reach out to your network? Schdule a few touches periodically and make them personal. #peoplematter #business #mar…
Popeyes wit the love of my life<3
Thoughts and prayers to you and yours.
“: Taking a picture with my friends takes hours because if someone looks bad it MUST be deleted.” that's you(;
hey thanks for following us.. hope to see you at a show!!
Haha I might have died for a little, but I'm back now! Long time no talk, you still holdin' it down in Ann Arbor?
Thanks for the Follow. Look forward to sharing.
That the Methodist Church seems to be sanctioning, even requiring, deceit from its clergy is deeply problematic
i like your tweets
Part of the British landing party that stayed with the boats are having issues launching due to the ice protruding off Lechmere’ s point.
A quick video I put together from my day today at bit.ly/rqdTsf
Hard to pick sides, but glad to see Kansas
going to bed alone
This kittie is a camera ham. I'd say she belongs in this family. :)
They are still playing that Gotye song
Clicking "Show Detailed Technical Info" on the Gmail error page displays the number 93.
was up until 5am...writing. the coffee always tastes sweeter the morning after even if the world is still a little fuzzy
Can someone please explain to me why there is no service in the yet Verizon works great? cc:
nice :D
Following my other account #Drakesters? . Thx, I love u all! ;)
Nobody wants to talk about how our is also in a sex scandals buying PUSSY and using tax payers money to fit the bill.
Wearing a winter snow hat and shorts...... #WhereTheyDoThatAt?
We'll miss ya, MCA... Love to the Beastie nation...
Great way to meet 10 hot guys in person... speed dating.
Congratulations, Dr. Nash!
Congrats! Welcome to Buffalo!
I'm down for a PLL all-episode marathon before the new season starts!
I am astounded at the generosity of some people.
don't let that Judas get away with running that mouth
Don't be talking about my tight ass. Ya loose ass.
If u a pretty bitchh, ima let You know! Unlike these hatin hoes .
good morning, how is your week going?
Waitn on bay to cum bck think I need to go to da er
hey whats up?
Do you have a website for it? When is it?
stay amazing nathan<3
#IfITellYou I cared would you care
I wanted the opera singer to go because I can't stand Ballast.
This is a valid topic indeed. Plz bring it up.
We think in generalities, but we live in details - Alfred North Whitehead
Off to Vancouver for CHI. And then this wave of conferences is done.
Ok sorry for the horribly vague tweet. Just feel like I've already seen this set at #sxsw a few times. And I'm new & uncynical!
Love it when a day goes from "eh" to "awesome" in a matter of minutes! :)
Thanks for mentioning my blog!
What's up? Some say Monday funday. I say #MondayHustleDay!
#wiwo For a story about Kodak's proposed retiree health benefits cuts, am looking for Kodakers who retired after 1991.
“: “: Dirty laundry for the game today #wearit #smelllikefeet” -- #lifeofabaseballplayer” haha you got that right
I forgot how tight blacking out and driving is.
lol what was the final? And haha dnt worry about
How about them packers ? lol thats for all you haters from the past! #MeTwoYou status, hope everyones smiling :)
What's next with the Reorb.it project? We are cooking up some stuff, perhaps some offline theater performances this coming year.
I know it's Hockey Day in Canada, but was jogging in snow-covered Central Park this aft and saw mites playing on Lasker outdoor rink. Sweet.
#makerfaire was so much fun! Even with a little one constantly asking for ice cream (note: the later in the day the smaller the line).
Definitely! email me at our blog email and we can figure it out. Thanks!
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
but we can talk later on phone for a few to hash out my ideas with yours
I'm seriously crying,worst news ever.I'm happy & respect that Shayley wants to get better,but I'm heartbroken.I love OM&M so much.
Dem nites when u wake up swearn ur neva drinking again #epic lie
Me...lol had to...handed the mixtape in...
I WISH I WAS SKINNY.
A person may have gotten the largest percent increase in salary, but whole dollar amounts could tell different story.
I know, I'm so bummed. But also resigned, since, well, it was a lot -- our quarter doesn't even end 'til 6/15.
what what! which edition?
I feel ya, Baron! Shoulda got LowJack on that thing, dude! I got MobileMe on my iPhone just in case it gets stolen! LOL
Who's ready for Cinco & ???
I used to have a back-up plan, then I realized I only had one to indulge those that didn't really believe in me.
I think that means we need to start a club!
Well thanks, we like to think so. cc. RT I love you. Your posts are sexy.
come back, long hair, I'm sorry I ever chopped you off :'(
These songs playing right now>>> they're the ish!
HOM: some of our ontologies/crosswalks based on proprietary source systems. Makes some kinds of distribution legally murky.
The count dwn is on... 7 whole days no kids, my sanity and my hometown. #tlc long awaited, desperately needed
Couldn't agree with you more. I oppose
School work or watch basketball on my phone.
i dont like people wit me who aint supposed 2 b & u really want to know that before things start going good cause then every mf wanna b dwn
your secret note will be done by Monday! :) haha
you're the absolute greatest.
What a strange start to the #brewers game. Maholm can't throw strikes, can't say I blame him. Looks CRAZY cold at Wrigley.
The day gives up athletes/rappers is the day Kris Jenner admits she's not a celebrity
“: Broncos for the tie!!!! #GiggityGiggity” broncos are a joke. We all know the browns are the best team in the NFL.
I mean I got 99 problems but a fan page ain't one.... But I can imagine that is overwhelming. If anything should be 1 way.
Dillard's fragrances haha judge me. On my break shopping though
Good Morning, great to work on fences...waiting on rain today, may turn out to be a paperwork day! :) Call me for an estimate 512-393-8916
now that's a small world!
lol. Yeah. Paper plates. Everything disposable :-/ They seem to be set up mostly for take out.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you forget to take your HRM strap off, and don't realize until hours after your run
RT : Danu' last night at Popejoy: a shout of Whoo-hoo for a great show!
Bad news never has good timing
Bah! do you know what we're doing this evening yet?
the new Noodles & Co in Oak Creek
Any FTML editors out there willing to donate some time to UW? Need a little volunteer help on a small project.
lmfaaaaao, you're childish. YES!!! it's time to take that ass bed, goodnight child.
Ill do 1 on 1's wit any of my followers for the bread cuz I dont think yall can check me
Fuck your feelings ???? oh No that just so rude and heart breaking
my sister, a public school principal and foundation board member who is reforming education,
you could've talked to me. You forgot all about me..it's cool tho :/ lol
Clothing industry will return with a vengeance with Generation Y... also look to the wedding, domestics, and baby markets for new markets!
haha. NEITHER would I.
im trying to get my damn brakes fix... it's going on 3weeks now!!! come check me out at the taste 6331 s lowe this saturday people!!!
I wish I could fall asleep at night like normal people.
Today was pretty awkward.. lol.
That's my boy. Tim Tebow!
where are ya, duder?
Glee has made me cry the past three episodes
can I still expect to see you guys next weekend at Texas Frightmare?
is gonna help me study before the math quiz (:
Tha system made me stronger, & bein broke jus gave me my hunger
The most maddening part of your parents giving you annoying advice is that they're usually right
I swear I love
Ha! Oy this week I went out nightclubbing, and woke up the next day feelin' like an over the hill Holly Golightly.
's dear friend took some amazing photos from the MISSION NIGHT MARKET - can't wait to see them!
Who says coffee is only a morning drink? We certainly don't believe that!
turn around....
Self-nourishment is an act of kindness. Towards yourself.
LOL. If there is a heaven and hell, I have no doubt I'll be with the fun crowd, :)
Hello Monica, Congrats! We need to confirm you name, please send it by DM.
Rise & Grind at our #dancehall workshop today, 7pm!
#2days until 's new single #BOYFRIEND comes out !!! Can't wait <33333
Ready to see my boy on the Today Show
Has gender equality really been achieved? I have my doubts about it.
First rehearsal on Schubert Quintet with Marc Johnson: amazing experience....
Tickets for #TEDxAdMo will be on sale soon! Seats are limited so clear your schedule for 6/7/12.
Daycare centers have such a high turnover rate. Increased and continuous Food Allergy Education is needed.
RT Did you guys hear about ? Now we're following each other with glitter!
I'm sorry. I would if you had another category. :( Let me know if you do.
I've seen someone else with the same problem.. says I have over 4k but none are there
Now, you can visit their state-of-the-art facility on Montano.
count me IN! I hear it's Jenns birthday soon! Perhaps a STEAMY present haha
so true. I hate just the name of it.....yes instead of being raped, lets call ourselves sluts. That's so much better....
in ATL stuck in mahljot traffic and pollen showers!
Thanks, Katrina!
just kidding, guys. some man fixed it. i guess i owe him a sandwich.
Doing promotional party at Pals Lounge on Auburn Ave for Xtamina Energy Drink special guest Sammie in the house performing
Don't hate cuz I'm cute and sweet; hate cuz you can't compete.
I just got really hot -__-
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear You missed a spot
Why are we still wearing clothes?
yes i did i text u before it came on oh yeah im telling yo husband you cheating on him wit #trigga Lol
I Cried When I realized we could never be.
#MUSICREVIEWS Tu Fawning - A Monument - City Slang
I know this was a long time ago, but I don't resent being called a nerd at all.
We were using our tel ref's cute little name to answer the phones but no one knew what that meant.
“: "When you are grateful fear disappears & abundance appears" ~ Anthony Robbins” - thx needed this msg 2day.
u go to the olive garden a LOT!!
WHERE IS THE PICTURE OF ME?
I had no idea #survivor was still on
Good burger is on nick tonight! So excited. Then 24
Wah T.T mean
“: Oh, so your drinking vodka in your profile picture? Teach me how to be hardcore”
Peyton, you and the mile high.city our a perfect fit. Ur buddy plays for the rockies, and we have weather around.
Definition of "organizing": knocking on doors, speaking w/concerned family, detailing info, phone/email banking, leafleting, support, votes.
Done school forever... again! Heres hoping that two degrees are better than one!
organized it with UCLG (United cities and local Governments).
": That empty feeling in your chest when you miss someone..."
haha where am i going to get a phone? Toy phone i have a tons :p
I'm expecting a great year !!
AUSTIN IS NOT A JUSTIN WANNABE!!!!! HE LOOKS UP TO HIM.
Goodmorning #tweeps .....in my city for a week who fukin wid me....?
Pretty good. I think we need one in Gardens. Maybe I'll open it in
New Andrew Bird album just showed up in my inbox! This is a #GoodDayForMusic!
I like the name of your account, it's clever =P
you better have something new im still on the ice box !
really guys? I gotta hear this one.
Psyched for some SmashBurger at the InfoTrust office!
dont get to excited yet, last saturday gordon bombed one in the first and look what happened.
Prayers go out to New York! Go away Hurricane Irene!
Your welcome. Just asking u to be fair when u make remarks like that. It's not all UK fans. Which r easy targets
Nice of you to say. Thanks!
r u a Obama supporter or only a sex supporter ?
I'm working on hearing discards today, that one tickled me. Oh, hearings.
If everyone walked around with their orgasm face, no one would ever get laid
Mr.UPS just pulled up....it's going to be a good day at the house of Habit;) more to come!!
Wow. That hurts:/
MY MOMMA got me Up All Night Album! (: I<31D
maybe she meant Tooth Fairy? That's pretty good. YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TOOTH.
when u visiting me for real?
Totally bummed with #IUBB lost tonight, What are we lacking early? Can we rebound to go strong in the #BigTen tourney?
Just finished a 6-mile hike in the foothills. It's a beautiful day in Boise!
I hate mushrooms
LOL....Audrey you're funny!
At the running store looking for good running shoes. The salesman said "Are these 2 much pink?" There is no such thing as too much pink!
Whats up pimp how u been u still trynn to get in feb
Everyone go check out ilivetechnology on #YouTube for the greatest coming tips and tricks!
OMG! Are you kidding me?? This President really gets around, lol!
Looking for #Wine Sponsors for ... email for more information!
helluva bounce back game from Teague today...big time
do you also want to lick whip cream off his abs?
hahah awww hope you meet him one day :)
Brainstorm is officially shut down! It's a wrap.
Fellow Chicagoans, thanks for following!
Our pizza is made with real French sourdough, fresh sauce and 100% whole milk mozzarella. Limited time: Slice of Pizza is only for $1.00
Thanks for the RT !
“: Glad to be in the twitter world. Hello all! I'm following my husband's lead." Glad to see you here Betina!
SWEET! I bet it is the BEST piece of cake EVER! Enjoy! Happy Mom's Day Holly! And if we don't talk, travel safe 4 !
I still love #skateboarding, that's something i just can't let go....until I'm 60 & have painful arthritis all over my body lol
This episode is AMAZING!! Glad i missed prom for this!!!!!!
oh "16 and just driving" good times!
I live on the corner of Rice
In the bed.
HUGE ZOMBIE HUNTING PARTY HEADED TOWARD THE BA!! Be CAREFUL, Humans!!
Mike Woodson tight and he should be.
doesn't appreciate yoga pants like he should.
My mom has joined Pinterest. Hell has indeed frozen over.
Greetings. If you ever need an opener for any show we would love to be apart of the Republic. www.Startisan.com
Thanks! MT #yifollow : Because he manages a federal agency's ScoMed. & he's a NE boy & he's a quick email responder.
Welcome to our team Michael Sugar!
Testing conversation history. Hi!
There is more hunger for love and appreciation in this world than for bread. Mother Teresa
love it! Miss this!!
With great power comes great responsibility. Oh, and homework sucks.
She's my fav for the evening!
-___- You said you'd text me at 6 ish .. It's almost 7 .
Thx for the #Smugs (smiles & hugs) Big Leo! LOL!
ORAC is an acronym for a test that determines concentration of good vitamins in food. Hi ORAC is good! #askcheryl #BL11 via
managed to keep my clothes clean for first half of day. amazing too. go
So great to hear! We're excited for more spring sunshine and to pick the winner of our #Seattle Stay & Play Giveaway! Cheers!
perfume = High light of my dayy <3 :)
After tough couple months including injuries, I'm in San Antonio w mom & dad 4 TLC. Leaving Medina Valley HS Christmas show--Wow!amazing
how do I get one of those!!??
Then forget about matt caring 4 one is easy two is trouble
Just watched The Avengers. OH MY GOD! AMAZING!
Weekend Promotion: type "thank you" at checkout online and receive 25% off your online order.
HA. YES. IT'S NO FUN.
Rats! If only I'd been ready w/the wildcard : Unranked colorblind southpaw takes it all in Madrid
": i been tryn to catch up wit u to.......NO4T...real talk"=inbox me ur hitter fam
my grandmother took me there in the 70s.
shitttttttttt!!! I couldn't call you I left my phone!!! -_-
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORROW!!!!!!
I just had a wonderful experience at the DMV in South Milwaukee! VERY Friendly staff and out in less than an hour!! Yes!
i.e. if I call you and your voice mailbox is full, email you, tweet you, *and* Facebook message you, and you don't respond -- seriously?
Its Lima time baby rt Last Tigers pitcher 2 give 8 ER in start while getting 3 outs: Jose Lima, 10 years ago today.
RT : On my way home to the Q.C!
Looking for the sweetest dive bar in Hollywood for my birthday party...anybody?
i knew you would ask who it was, but I'm not going tell you. I just hope you give me a chance one day<3(:
R "Perfection of means and confusion of ends is the ailment of our time." Albert Einstien
yes yes definitely let me know!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! HAVE FUN!:)
Can you send a link about it?
Lmao. They zoom in on Kobe's face.
Business From A to Z Show # 1958029 Guest Speaker Helene Liatsos, The Home Based Business Expert...check it out now! www.blogtalkradio.com
When you still don't think you can trust some.
The language issue is a tough one. I'm going to have to figure that out eventually, too. Let me know what you decide.
Back working on the bell piece; my libretto is done enough to start writing music - I'm happy about that!
New Twitter Name -----> bernie_black2
wow! I am absolutely speechless.
NYUR radio gave my track "it rages on" air play last night totally awsome. I was surprised when I received the request to upload my tracks!
How do you avoid annoying followers when live-tweeting? ways for followers to ignore; give followers heads up
Tour money is almost gone also, if the wrong deal is signed, or if you stay local and rap only at showcases w/no graduatiion.
#thingsifindattractive , , did ya get that . <U+2661>
QuoteOfWeek: Philanthropy must not cause the philanthropist to overlook the circumstances of economic injustice which make it necessary -MLK
night and day on i71 lol
That child is to much for us! Glad we get a lil break :-)
I'm in need of a Chinese buffet!
Male Privilege: basking in the glow of UR own goodness cuz U know in UR heart that U would never assault or rape a woman
Good luck tomorrow, friend!!!! I'll be thinking of you!!!!!!!
Uni: (intentionally) small reading room. You: a little library looking to grow bigger. Me: cello. You: uke. Great video!
The smell of burning notes all over the neighborhood and the wishes of good riddance to the nasties of 2011...
I'm done with this year of college in exactly one month
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of #NYC #Stonewall Riots, which sparked the beginning of the modern movement for #LGBT equality.
Hi: Where are you in Brooklyn?
Yankees/Sox without Rivera just doesn’t seem right.
Hope everyone had fun this weekend. I know we sure did! What's better than 27 hours of running?
You are starting to turn into the most complex person on this planet! Slow down! :p #dang!
#GoingRed with cinnamon butternut squash and red potatoes!
I'd like to be a fly on the wall for this :) RT : You should also connect with /
Yo Happy Birthday man!
Let me see what the wicked bish of the east doin...
Last time the colts won, I rewinded a cassette tape
Happy mother's day! Make sure you do good by her today. She more than deserves it!!
iight come here saturday so u can just ride
I'm watching Wizards Of Waverley Place:) #swaaggie!!
Finally going to see Hunger Games!
Thanks Jonathan! Looking forward to working with you and too! cc
RT : Follow because they are changing the way relative content from the #internet is sent to me!
I'm excited for Seattle! Not so much for this drive lol
President #Obama announced that Bob #Dylan is one of 13 recipients of this year's Presidential Medal Of #Freedom !! OMG
Here's hoping she talks about that in her address.
God accepts me as is...will u accept my struggle
needs to ship wine to a relative in NJ; anyone know a good nerd-out wine store in the garden state?
#Imagine Zayn: I really like your outfit today. You: Thanks. Zayn: But I think it would look better, off. *winks*
this is great, however loan applications are down. What do you think is the cause of this?
Awww, Thanks Cutie! ;)
great film! thank you! one request-please add a warning before the graphic images or remove them (they're unnecessary imho)
Talking in a british accent... hehe :) > > >
cause I'm waking up early and don't wanna wake the Beligum
i need to hear "over the mountain" right now!
that's great coach...but can't afford to send kids to satellite camp...I work for university...mission work
I don't know how or why the #Bruins are playing as bad as they are but they BETTER figure it out!
Hahahah! Want to wait till next week then?
We're the renegades of funk.
Have a comp question? Vista won't boot it's stuck at crcdisk.sys in safe mode reboot disk does nothing either #?
Playing scrabble with at 1:30 in the morning.
Tonight's agenda: drink slurpees & write fat raps.
I assume you are going back to the East Coast for Thanksgiving? If not, Ill be in LA!
Sometimes, I just wanna punch every girl I see in the face & just be friends with boys; I HATEHATEHATE drama :p
Depends on whose phone number it is... ;)
well I'll make an exception for you baby(:
Man, I should have done that years ago!
This month was a day longer and still felt short.
Manhood is measured in spirit. It has nothing to do with physical size, but everything to do with character. E. Cole
Buskin on the high line.
Do it! RT : Today is gonna be a perfect day for a Cream City Ice. May have to venture out of the office today.
Congratulations to the Boston University Class of Oh-Ten!! It's been an amazing few years interacting with your beautiful selves! <3
Thanks for passing along the message:)
I know it's painful, I know. But it's a chance I wanna be able to take someday
my nig u can rap
So much going on in my head right now:(
Love this market! RT : The first Broad Ripple Farmers' Market is on May 5th! We can't wait!!!
My bestfriend is pissed at me no reason, and went to bed. DA FUCK. Gosh, if your gunna be a meanie to me, ima be a meanie back ):<
Harden and Collison make beautiful basketball.
bring it girl! I am ready! Missed being in touch with you!
Diplopia is visual impairment in which an object is seen as two objects.
Funny moment from NBC Nightly News which reports New Yorkers"held it in" during last of #SuperBowl.Water Usage in NY spiked 13% after game!
thanks for plugging play. Curious how we can toy with the librarylab shelflife project. Yay
Two more goals for Jordan Rhodes as Huddersfield Town see off Leyton Orient tonight
": You can never really say, 'what's on your mind?' when your family is on Facebook."
Is their a direct contact person I can ask for? Thanks
oh that sux
yeah that's what I think too, ik it's going to happen, the question is when? :/
Snoopy Come Home was the best Charlie Brown cartoon!
#StopOahuRail Construction on the rail before Fed funds are approved is pure insanity the people running the project sit on their brains.
Wore that shirt two days ago, only one at parents.
Paul g went up soft
RWNJ's worry about Glee's influence on young when its message is acceptance and truth, while they lie & bully just to gain power.
I can't stop looking.
that GS quote is perfect for you.
is pretty sexxxay ;)
that guitar and mado solo on the new single... Sick! Love it. And I really like your voice in that key. Awesome.
i mean: THANKS, DUDE!
missed out on #FreeCookieDay today at subway.
gun reviews ! Where to get a new battery for my airsoft gun?
Stuck for another day...tryna hit some boutiques.
*I* can still produce children just as well, not that I want to :)
lmbo im not in Dallas. Im close with someone who lives there. I saw Drake in Austin.
Break from choir in the Spring semester or no break... #registrationdecisions. Choir makes everything so much more complicated.
I guess ill just take a nap.
One of our valued DGDG clients family members, serving our country, check out his story. Lets all send him some speedy recovery vibes http:/
Ratigan is a republican?
New Year - New Plans - stay focused
so great! i'm on season 5 & can count epsisodes on 1 hand, ok - maybe 2, that every human should watch.
"Technical solutions are insufficient. To achieve equity HOW you do your work also matters...(i.e. trust, relationships) -LRC
The BIG event in NYC this week happens Thursday 6pm Macy's Herald Square 8th floor runway. for Wilhelmina finals.
Haha I guess!
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results. ~ Gen. George S. Patton
My future iPad to be unveiled today.
yea because I need that fiffa fade
Man! Elder barbers are like senseis.Game on top of game. I love this art. Barber 4 Life... Peace to all the ol heads still chopping.
"Hi we're One Direction and we make your ovaries explode just by talking, smiling, walking, moving...breathing....existing"
What a great day at #sm4np! Thank you to all the sponsors & presenters.
AKA's Strolling today >>>>>
Wow. "Over 100 entries" rcvd last year for documentary oscars, per Torene Svitil of Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
Hey, how's it going?
"If I'm allergic to scallops, life is going to suck." -Me just now
Awesome. I love porches but my friend's house doesn't have much of one. I miss sitting out and being neighborly.
i gotcha pimp gotcha by tomorrow
Cant wait for this summer!!!! BeAcH bEaCh BeAcH anndd New York:) Yay!
Oh, thank you. I get it now.
Had 2, but had to let one go, the economy the way it is, ya know.
Who geeks out more about , the press or the fans?
Philly cheesesteak tonight at Jim's in Philly.
TONS of #jobs and #summerjobs in
Just a gritty Spanish beach town. Nothing to see here, folks. Move it along....
Failing is a learning experience. It can be a gravestone or a stepping stone ~ Bud Hadfield
A3: PAC 12 and SEC are now the strongest conferences in America, because football media rights came first.
Q4: had no idea about Mango Languages. Just signed up.
Get to test drive the Kindle Fire and I must say so far I am impressed. Touch screen very re-active. Surdy to hold, easy to read. LIKE
ahaha could never forget!
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
What station?
love u 1st :)
e.g. the NL PirateBay ruling only came 4d ago and hasn't been implemented. Where does the -80% traffic stat come from?
JUST WATCHED #FEELSOCLOSETOYOU VIDEO AND I DEFINETLY FEEL SO CLOSE NOW :*
NEWMANS AND GOTTA GET JUST THE SQUAD 2GETHER SO THIS WEEK PROLLY IMMA TALK TO EVERYBODY LATER SEE WHEN THEY FREE
:O you're too good for me...
My boyfriend is the best!!.<3
yes! i probably come here sunday and then i can talk you like all day i guess? but i let you know sweetie<3
I hope Jaicko makes it big.
Jordan needs to stop fuckin with my twitter and Facebook it isn't cool!
right. I was #guilty on 80% of those posts.
99 Students from the Chicago Public Schools will visit our center on Friday to make care packages for cancer patients.
All u need now is some #LFTC Karaoke, and your night would be complete..
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Wed, May 16 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Ben of DVC/SHORTY FATZ bday 2nite.Downtown San Jose here we come.come threw if your in SJ.We'll be@ Voodoo/Teskies/Cellar
Let's get this both these games today
Ok, this isn't funny anymore. Seriously, guys, how long is it going to take to get used to this time change!
So its here 27 years young today ;)<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
they bought the naming rights to arco arena. I had no idea power balance inspired such passion.
The #Browns are a big recurring topic on #Mike&Mike show this morning. Well, if anything, they've made themselves relevant again...
1998, with Randall. I don't remember who the Rams played in the 99 NFC Championship.
I'm ready to crank that
Ha, it's true!
Running the St. Patrick's Day Dash! No matter how wet I get I know there is Guinness at the end.
wat up... just gettin some rest after dis long weekend... ima hit u up tomorrow
hahaha, shit got weird last night
Thinking of playing some FIFA later tonight when I get home. My PS3 ID is foshee81 if anyone ever wants to play
I could think of 100 more relevant "I miss the day when's" How about -when you can 2k flip with Juanda all night on FTP?
Hi Mr C, 1 of my dadys is a meteorologist 2. He reminds me of an old addage. When the days grow longer, the cold grows stronger
#marc12 UMW session Martha "not just digital story assignments but new media assignments. "
well done on the 3 points. I'm now going to drink till I can't see anymore
New addition to my alphabetical list of stuff doesn't know: m for Morbius. I think we have half the alphabet covered now.
Told #2 Son 2 turn sweaty socks right side out so I don't have 2 touch them b4 washing. His response: "I don't want 2 touch them either."
Collaborative Competition defines company's market shares & drives innovation
I think so! RT : Maybe they should switch to #BudLight?
follow back :)
Would YOU buy a Losing Ground t-shirt?
I am watching Sesame Street with my daughter. It is a great show for kids and adults. The jokes are funny and it is educational.
Nothin like goin 2 work while its still dark out
Theres a certain person who goes to EVERY one of Austins concerts. Its annoying seriously. You know who you are....
<3 RT : difficult moment for OV who spoke w/ media and then sat dejected at his locker stall for 5 minutes in full uniform
's laptop is so slow -_______-
Just saw ur segment on Wendy. I believe in u! Ur such a strong female role model&hurdler! U inspire me to push myself harder
Congratulations to student Sarah Plunkett for booking a Hallmark Commercial!!!
Desperate Housewives finale tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
thanks for the follow :-)
Cannot believe how awesome my iPhone prints came out today at 11x14 at Costco! Lightroom and Photoshop magic ;)
#FF because she's a geek. Oh, and also a fictioneer
QWiPS is no longer following you.
Ladies, what was your wedding dress shopping experience like? Do tell! Any tips?
Still remember the old days
looks like it. What an idiot.
So ready for bed.
#NYM have won 33/43 openers and have lost an opening day starter in probably about just as many - I'll take a W and good Johan show tho!
Just finished Super Sad True Love Story, and now a stranger starts selling me on the post-human benefits of fighting free radicals. Eerie.
Be nice tomorrow is not guaranteed !
can someone tell me what RT means? :) Thanks!
Having dinner at the Ravenous Pig, right across from Go Magic!!
yay! It's at 6pm and admission is $5 .
I think Baby Nostradamus *is* twitter
love you !!! You're the best
LOL. too funny! How have you been?
Brrrr ... sure is getting chilly outside!
Taste my tuna casserole — tell me if I put in too much hot fudge.
i asked u if u want my address to mail me a birthday card im great. how r u?
Wonder if SLOs are rated @ 2 and it leads to low tch growth sc. would tchr file suit for weak SLO leading to said score?
I'm so sick of getting the same shit over and over again.
Is the student attractive?
Blimey! He's quite a name!! I have coauthored and I enjoy that. But single authored book essential for me just now.
Might be in ISS tommorrow. For throwing my drink on this boy lol
I'm going to see it AGAIN in a bit with my brother LOL It was so good Gigi! SO GOO :')
Sweet! RT : Gonna talk about what I learned from , a UWO Journalism alum in #uwonewmedia today!
Oh for sure!
Well, gotta go do sum things
Irish accents >>>>
Go #Noles! Beat Georgia Tech!
Why'd you start your Twitter over?
It needs to be mid-May just so I can start contacting people about a place to live. I can look all I want now but it doesn't do me any good.
blah :/ too much going on this weekend and i don't want to do any of it
Yes, but we were trying to post kind words about you guys! :-)
fck your heat >:)
no problem
Delaware is 5:45 away from their first #ACHA National Championship
NanoLecture 2003 "Bought the book, hard to read" #TEDMED Genome: great story, hard to write... sex. Biology can solve human problems.
Beware of all these phoney bitches that be smiling in yo face.
My mom said I been hanging around white ppl to much........I told her she been hanging around dez nuts for too long......lol
So this quicki mix going hard this morning!
American Idol judges need to grow a pair and give negative feedback for once.
Homie I print shirts for LMFAO and Shwayze! & Thats dope you collabed with Slightly Stoopid! Im all about them!
haven't used his money since 2000...
I live from one inspired thought to the next and I try not to look down in between.
Asus Ships Quad-Core Transformer Pad 300 Tablet for $379
Milk is probably the only thing you wouldn't want to rep a breast cancer awareness campaign
one of the best days of my life<3 thanks so much
Happy 100th birthday to Arizona.
"Fantasy on Ice" history for another year. Hope you enjoyed it. Skating outdoors downtown SD, way cool and your $$ helped Children's Hosp.
no problem i follow u! =)
This morning I have left another man in ruins
only if you ain't tryna wake all the kids up with they nosey ass...
I can't stop listening to Taken and I Wish.
is your favorite movie "the man who fell to earth"?
Hear hear! RT : Today is U.S. Coast Guard Day! Thank you to all who help keep our beautiful oceans safe.
god i am really weird. OH WELL.
Friday the 13th is just another day to LiVe life with the people you LoVe, show your LoVe, & have your day full of LaUgHter!
good night! :p
Facetiming with little ones is my favorite hobby!
2....but see people also calling Purdue players ugly. So...yay, equality?
#ComedyMaddness George Carlin gets my vote
Yemen's Saleh says willing to quit under conditions. www.tncnews.com
The #Brewers have set the postseason record for taking strikes according to a stat we just made up.
TIP OF THE DAY: Always make sure you have fun at the table. For most players it has become work, but always look on the bright side of it.
Got the love Jones when he talk. :-)
as someone who is at a lot of sporting events, I see people do the dumbest things for some cheap shitty ugly t-shirt.
that's great definitely will be there to demonstrate Send me the address. Your the best
Favorite Brooklyn blogs?
going to!
I hate this feeling. I feel like I'm forgetting something and needing to catch up. My planner suggests that I should relax. lol
over that over this summer just fucking get here.
ima make you feel special
Ha. Talk about crowd-sourcing one's &c &c &c.
I don't understand why people watch the biggest loser. Two hours of watching people trying to lose weight.
Jus gettin off work...def need some r n r b4 this week starts up again
Watching Captain Kirk Vs Bane: The Fight For Reese's Pieces. (not an original zingger I'm sure.)
I wanna be on my own .
D-Trix is sexy. if it was legal, i would grind on him. just putting that out there.
Hello good lookin.... So glad you're finally here Friday
Random urge to start a new game of Donkey Kong Country Returns. Such a well made game.
So, "Giant Lizards from days of yore"? Got it.
Sorry Traci we had a delay but they are now on there way. Thanks!
Are we about to get wasted, pretend like we are 21 and go dance our asses off at the vogue... YUP:)
Great event last night!
Someone just seriously pulled the fire alarm, and lunch is now... Are you fucking me? Your a badass and I'm fucking hungry!
Thank Carma! I worked up an appetite, fur sure!
ok lol I want to meet Madison so badly! And him to just be like to me u! Ur the one! And for u and vin I can see it happening
Emotional intelligence is very important in relationship marketing
Really, America? Heaven is for Real #1 Nielsen Ranking in 2011 for adult nonfiction.
Good morning gentleman Now dont go and blow all your hard earned money on her this weekend theres better ways to get pussy like alcohol
oh. And happy thanksgiving, darlin(:
Bitch im sick of you saying i play video game what we do is pass ya nigga around and make him our bitch thats what we do wen i go out!!
Sometimes when I'm hurting my thoughts won't stop going thru my head & I turn up the Vol. on my ipod
Listening to on and even though I'm confident in my Photoshop skills, I've picked up some great CS5 tips
i need her with me right now....
I want my wife to be dark chocolate with smooth baby ass skin like
Bye Bye Knicks
Just sent a #baby present via #Giggle.com. Who doesn't love a #Sophie?
On my way home from the Kentucky NOW conference in Lexington. Great activists!
They have a lot of good research. I really liked their bullying article. It got the pervasiveness of it.
Come to #Chicago have a world class meal share a bike see a show!!
I think I think about you too much...
QR code book trailers- great idea from Karl Fisch
Who's still braiding these dudes up?? Stop it. PSA: Only <U+E231>YOU<U+E230> can prevent cornrows in the new millennium!
Follow Terriers on Twitter. "Like" Terriers Facebook. But, most importantly, on FX!
Thanks so much Marsha for sharing Joe's blog with your followers :-) Hope you're having a great Wednesday!!
Hope that and get off their high horse tomorrow. Don't vent all your issues with CBB on one good guy
The largest problem I'm having with it is that I'm a developer not a designer. This feels geared heavily towards designers.
Tonight Darrius Willrich is playing The Nectar in Seattle. Show your support for Seattle music
im not getting into this right now
Love is mostly blind..
Afternoon run was derailed by nausea. Walked the last 1.5 miles home. :(
it says forbidden
I hope Chase Bank can cash that check she just wrote...
Hey Peeps Follo<U+03C9> F <U+27BD> these #genealogy #history peeps
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Advertise Where Amazon, Walmart, and Target Do!
I'm totally fine with not trying to found the next Twitter. Start-ups are hard enough when you actually have a revenue model.
YOU ARE PERFECT <U+2665> (:
Good advice!!
I miss him
RT : Need a new idea for using eChalk's Photo Album tool? Check out Hillcrest Elementary School's neat "New Year" use!...
oof, I thought an hour and 20 minutes was pushing it and that doest even leave time for cc.
Working on line up and packages!!!! Announcement coming Monday!!!
Brother - I agree - just promise you won't wear lipstick like him!!
LOVE the new facility! Looking forward to being there onsite more!
Fantastic night at work! Good vibin', man. It's the way to go!
Looking for a web dev with mySQL experience to bounce some prelim ideas off of. Any suggestions?
They all keep their powers!!!
where should we go wine tasting near Santiago or vinas del mar in November?
I fucking hate the BUs
There's a killer place in NYC we should check out for BBQ... Still need a place to crash? Forget where we left that thread...
that pink and green sure looks good on you!
First off, don't be cosigning! Second, I haven't been back yet; I'm in Baltimore!
I just knew all these rocks laying about were there for some reason... Thanks! :/
The interview with went well today at F.Y.E in the Bronx. Footage of the interview will be coming up soon.
Great sesh at baytown skatepark, i smoked with a cutie, but she wouldnt give me her number cause shes 18 haha
…Have spent 10min trying to capture my overall feelings on the women-in-tech-meets-exclusionary-BS thing. Net: It's complicated.
Zombie survival tip of the day: prep early! Canned and dry foods to take on the go are best, and don't forget WATER!
email me
going to #nymf opening night party!!! Holla!!
I don't know what to do anymore..
he was always my favorite because he loved lasagna and I loved it. Then I grew up and realized that it wasn't funny anymore…haha
Ignore my last Tweet.
Lol Carlos Lee hits Lucroy & the homeplate umpire on 2 consecutive swings. At least something is keeping this game entertaining
hahahah yes i miss her so much!!
In the city for with the brother :)
are you lonely, now?
was a nice trio session tnite w/ martin-sax & diallo-bass in Lic.. and martin plays some deep piano too- jazz&classical!
Creating FB Fan Page for SOTSMusic.com
Thank you!
Say something could be about you!:0
Gwen you look different !!
Eric has been a big fan of Church of the Subgenius since before we met! He has several of their books.
It's not your job to like me...it's MINE!!!
late to the party, but I agree with Josh. Can't believe someone with alt. brew experience can favour Bud.
#LakeShow up next time to get denver up outta there
i hate not being able to see you
Same to you. Don't get too crazy! Hehe...
i wish :( nope has never done any of tht D:
RT : #SCAF refuses draft law banning Mubarak's men from running for presidency. #Egyparliament humiliated, again.
probably showed up on the top of a search or something. Not much you can do about it, unfortunately. Akismet.
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 917274-7467 or 2126 965233 2 special guests in town this sat
agreed! pretty cool article. hat tip to ha
Got to see the lovely, glowing Mrs. and soon to be baby boy E!
My 2000th tweet goes to my 2 bestest friends for spending their Friday night just laying in bed with me.
Cameron!(: Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
When everyone reads the DBQ prompt and starts laughing there's something wrong.
Kaeding prob not most hated kicker in football (Bolts fans).Stanford kicker will probably B hated more. 2
That disheartening moment when you can't remember the direction of intention
prom dresses www.shopshop.com
Wont be able to walk on thursday, so now I gotta take some summer classes next month to pass
I am looking in Michigan and Indiana.
When I do something great, no one ever seems to remember, but when I do something wrong, no one can ever seem to forget.
This Bulls game is killing me.
Baby, I know that ur cool with rockin' with me, but I can't have u tellin' everybody, got me all twisted with ur lips like this!
NEVER BE WITHOUT POWER AGAIN ! Dowdy is your full service KOHLER and GENERAC fully automatic Home standby generator Dealer.
Its going great. Lost 15 lbs & 5% body fat. Yes a little, but nothing beats crossfit.
Congrats! RT : Congrats ! You just won a $100 GC. Respond back to me w/in 5 minutes to claim your prize!
Did you get to see the Supermoon last night? We'll be showing some of your pics this morning. Join us on Good Day Oregon from 7-9 a.m.
LOL such a fun stripclub have fun sweetie and happy bday How did I end up in shotguns?
Can social media affect share prices? About to learn how during
hahahahaha story of my life, unfortunately every time i put on jeans
"6 other friends posted about MCA Records." Not quite, Facebook.
: I want to become 's Community Web Producer! Recommend (mention) me in a Tweet to & on their FB page. Tks
I love their Christmas music too! Puts me in such a holiday spirit.
Blake (3): Where's the soap? Me: Here it is. What part of you is dirtiest, let's start there. Blake: I don't want to talk about it.
Nah I aint going today. I think that nigga Josh up there tho!
Okay - I haven't bothered to get a phone charger, hence the lack of communication. Will do so before Sunday!
This is what society tells me: If i don't lose weight I will be alone forever.
#Oscars pay attention to the stories that touch the heart of America
Just ate a banana in the workroom before banana-hating co-workers arrives.
i can't live without my friends. it's impossible
Is it just me, or are Fox News and CNN.com home pages starting to look the same? (this is a design ob, not a political comment, ppl!)
Close loss a step in the right direction for Warriors - Wyoming Tribune
Good night
Just practiced krav maga in my dream. Yep , I'm that dedicated ; ) lol
Just looking at the previous tweets I can tell the big 3 got away with everything...
Can someone tell me why my boyfriend is so sweet =]
I have to wait outside the door till someone comes...ugh :/
Is it just me, or does it seem that every 3rd story on is derived from something seen on Pinterest? It all feels redundant.
I never cease to be amazed by your callusness and cynicism.
n well cant do much cuz his far far away.. wow lovin this song
they're playing the Mountain Winery are you going?
heyy how did you find my store!
Text me RT : I want to do something tonight
hahaha you're such a cool kid
has Cola #6. I just checked. Let me know what you make....very curious after your initial tweet!
Funny moment when you do something random when you "think" nobodys looking lol and everyone seems to be staring (•.•){^_^}(•.•)
Congratulations on the opening!
GREAT WINS TONIGHT!!! PLLLLEEEAAAASSSEEEE accept my apology for missing tonight. I will not miss tomorrow!!
you should check out
THOSE ARE THE BEST......
None of the old crowd does shows anymore it's kinda a barren wasteland now :/
hey thank you very much!
Sorry, suffering from a bit of information overload! Been here since 8am. Will definitely have plenty to discuss with you.
Southern accents sell merch.
Just had a pretty successful night at the LP Georgia Convention. Look for big things in 2010.
Monday is a lame way to spend 1/7 of your life...but thank goodness we've got MNF! Keep a eye out for a chance to win a free Scorzie!
I am fucked. I don't look with make up on & I don't look good with out make up. I hate my skin.
There's this really interesting new web site intro up. Was I the voice behind it? I'll let you decide...but the answer is yes.
Don't spill your coffee! RT : I'm running behind but coffee is in hand. :)
Congratulations to Melissa Sanders! You just won a prize package for the Stone Crabs for your donation! Please call 941-625-4175 ext.203...
Writing a preservation plan for Shepherd Park. Fascinating, absorbing, but I need to break for the night. Getting bleary-eyed!
U need a white suit and a string tie...
Those who have found 'God' have no use for you until you find 'God' too.
Dana took me for my first ever pedicure. It's like a full body massage for your feet!
Brad marchand and tyler seguin at the celtics game tonight
But 8more days till prom ;-)
#unlessyou'reatoddler If the name of your gang is the "Click Clack Gang", you deserve to be mocked by everyone.
Yeah its so easy typing "I love you" but try meaning it and saying it to my face?
Just started to watch 6 FT under and I am totally addicted.
Also, I missed it... why is Geren the 3B coach and not Teufel?
just watched you & Patti...Not While I'm Around..!!
My teacher had mistaken spiderman for superman. Ha.
Really bookstore? You only have one Tshirt style for but offer 4 coffee mug styles?
I think you 2 should do this Seattle to Vegas car rally that is a little like Amazing Race www.theamericaadventure.com
Doug, thanks for the follow!
You suck! Why aren't you in Milwaukee?
We're really missing #artbasel. Our favorite was #pulse. What was your favorite?
cheers! Been too long since I ventured your way for a cocktail. need to change that
"How can any deny themselves the pleasure of my company? It’s beyond me.” Zora Neale Hurston
Oops my pocket called you...
Artists: Don't put out rough mixes. It makes everybody involved look bad. Be patient!
This fresh weather feels great!! Lets see how long it lasts...
Hahah :D and i love you too, thanks for the amazing time we had!
In other news, I'm now addicted to sriracha peas. Just now.
Big daddy Breakfast !!!
tried nd succeeded!!!!
Getting a new bat every Christmas..
Why are they British? Why?
hey u should follow me back??? :)
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. Albert Einstein
Like My Nigga From The Mack Said " I Dont Want The Honey , I Want The Money "
-YOU are the BEST! Thanx doll! just emailed you! let me know when works! mmwaa xox
Holy fucking shit I just realized its Thursday. Jersey Shore Day bitches >:D
I'm #ReadyToRoll with in Sec Flr 2 RowY Seat 13. Let's go Blake!!!!!!
No problem homie
who knew Bizy B drove a Solara :) A bit to practical for a rapper IMO. Wait did it have 22's?
Any of you NYC peeps around this coming Sun or Mon?
can you be my friend?
I LOVE #SAYSOMETHIN THANK YOU FOR LIVING YOUR DREAM AND NEVER GIVING UP <3 THANK YOU <3 BTW YOUR VOICE ~ PERFECTION!
boyfriend: what would you do if you got in bed with me? girlfriend: is it comfortable? Boyfriend: yes ;) Girlfriend: i'd sleep xD
So ready for tomorrow!! :-)
red solo cup?? Get to drinkin;)
ninja status huh... *brings out throwing knife*
I need some advice from you :S
Do people just make rules as they go or did someone make you the leader?
How much has been written on consequences of not raising #debt ceiling that state implications for average person? Not much.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
What I'm really pissed about is that no one got me a Carcillo jersey for my birthday.
I just had my identity stolen for the first time, huzzah! F-you, whoever went to McDonalds in California.
Actually, no. It's always last free article if SM's your only access point. Once you hit limit, tho, no dice.
Knowing I get to see Sadie, Gizmo, & Spock makes it easier to attend to finances now:-(
I love They look dope as fuck!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
why would you live anywhere else
Final game of the night...
Rather go to bed supperless than rise in debt.
Howdy gang. S1 - Not sure it can be measured in traditional ways, but it's definitely exposure that can help engagement
yeah randomly.. Let text me!
Congratulations! I am really proud of you. Best of luck to you in your in new position! (Hugs and smiles)
so funny lol
I'm enjoying your interviews, very interesting!
Diane Narasaki with Asian Counseling and Referral Services is our final panelist.
you can't touch this
I tell you how I'm really feeling, and you dont even bother to respond?
what is he thinking?
i dont care about your problems. if that makes me a bitch then so be it.
I just saw that. That is DISGUSTING!
#HISD trustee Anna Eastman broaches the topic by discussing effects on kids with differences.
This old lady just brought a dog on septa regional rail stashed under her fur coat. I could see the dog begin to fall out as she sat down.
I have a iphone i love it bt i love iPad more :D
Kickin' it old school with leftover foods and singing some Superfood classics (read: the songs whose soloists graduated last year) /te
Hosted 3 days of Thanksgiving parties, and now just chillin watching some Palladia w Springsteen, Bono, and many other greats!!
Heads up! Our 5000th muffaletta will be sold this week. We will be giving away a $50 gift card good for lunch or dinner.
No need Asian. She now knows how to do pretty much everything you ever need to do on Twitter.
Need something to do this weekend? Well head over to the Cock N Bull and check out the Battle of the Bands / 10 great bands
This is why I bought 2 tix to PDX show. "Pls famous author who needs ticket to , take mine & be my BEST FRIEND."
We'd like that too! We'll keep you updated on the progress of this invention! hehe.
you're SAD and Tami is a LYING PSYCHOPATH! And a NOSY THIEF! BIOTCH aint crazy she new cops were going to be called!
Are you still feeling the after effects of the Vegas strobe?!? Ha ha!!
Peer pressuring to #MakeALawForJamey may be hypocritical....hell why not. DO IT NOW!
if anyone can knock a diss. outta the park - it's you. Sending brainy, efficient, power-typing thoughts 2 ya.
I LOVE your product,its mine and my familias favorite!! CocaCola is the best!!#just had2say
ok I got all y'all magazines n I can't even hang up no more posters there's no room ... I super mindless 143;) luv y'all
Love that cake! 6 more days Dr.
neither day.
WHO DO WE WANT TO PLAY?
"Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard." - H.L. Mencken
:) Thanks for mentioning us! We hope you had a great time and come back soon!
I so agree with of : Simple is better and less is more. Too many choices = not good!!
do that little thing with my tongue that get him so hype <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Burn on the radio?
don't u understand. In America something is always someone's fault
anks for the follow!
Look for our 90 Calorie Packs they are a great treat during bathing suit season!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 12
kicked me in the titty!
u ain't anyway fool lol
Blt for breakfast?? Why the hell not!
Last time the Browns took a RB in the 1st round it was William Green at 16 in 2002.
Sam Kane spilled his slushie then shit his pants
Wow Busta Rhymes and Mystikal to Cash Money.......
from what I hear, they grow up fast. Going to savor every moment because they'll be mean teenagers b4 I know it. :)
Thanks for the RT!
Didn't know you were here. I'm at pycon too with another devchix-er form Chicago. Let's catch up!
what's this about? Did you make a >> MISTAKE << hmph <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Wish I could be on "The Talk" with you to talk about autism from an autistic kid's perspective. May I mail you my book?
Super excited to be featured, thanks a million!!!
Just woke up from a great lap. I love lazy Sundays.
What kind of music do you like?
it is very disappointing. we have a great history of street vending, but our regulations are decades out of date!
#Occupywallstreet swept the nation. point me to a great article.
Do you think depression comes from unimaginable success at an early age, retiring before 40 and not knowing what to do next?
its just a flesh wound!
#izloveDrake, I serar i listen to his music All day, Everyday
2 youngest at nana's, oldest at dance then sleepover. mommy and daddy have planned a well deserved date night!!!!! DO NOT DISTURB ;)
Imma be so late to work today. Im just leaving the house...
7 days, 4 service visits, 7 technicians, 12 phone calls, 8 customer service reps later - Comcast problem may be resolved.
Squaring numbers is like women, if they're under thirteen just do them in your head. -Bo Burnham
Thanks for BLOCKING mah wind.
Hope it works out for you! Mark uses them all the time. Great company!
who are all Cincinnati Bengals fans on twitter? Im ready for Thursday's draft.
Hybrid Scoring Tools? Just checked out your track on the 8dio site. How is this different from Rhythmic Aura?
Nice... I will def look at bookpedia!
is that what they're calling at it at the Mintz now?
oh I think I remember going to one of hers last year
hey rob how are you and ro doing!?? Xx
My professor left during our mid-term to go grab a drink.... wtf?
Yes Love <U+2665>
Landlords shouldn't be wasting time answering calls from uninformed prospects. They should only be calling back interested renters.
#idontlikeyoubecause i cant stand your smirk
thank you for dedicating your tweet to me boo <3 love you and CANT WAIT
I'm not sure, it would be nice we had a real 3 hitter and didn't have to use cutch and neil there. Rather have cutch leadoff
glad to hear it! Be sure to let us know any ideas you have or areas for improvement!
Go Cat go!
signing up for Cakestyle baby! can't wait for my new looks!
YOU'RE TACKY AND I HATE YOU
Internet Marketing Company Features a Full-Service Team of ...
Find Yourself Before You You Go Out To Find Love! Relationship
embrace your "flaws", your true love will appreciate them.
#excel is a p.o.s.
just had even better lasagna at w/ and
Looks like the ol' "delay the game to throw the dawgs off" trick has done the trick!
TOTALLY agree; SHOULD have called at least 2 pks for Chelsea and could have called 4 (3+1)! 2 be fair, the Barca Red was bogus 2
good run boy, like the cut as well.
just finished recording, about to send it to you, I left middle verse open, I took first and third so you can skip and listen b4u go
WOW! This NEW night "VAVAVOOM" has an amazing vibe. This is something you want to join!
where you at?
I totally agree(;
Actually, I don't think I should be looking for him. I feel he needs to look for himself right?
By 2023 the white population of ppl 18 & under will no longer be the majority. For many cos, that's their entire mkt.
Im shaking it up like el tiempo margaritas!
RT I wonder how many times we forgive just because we don't want to lose someone. Even if they don't deserve forgiveness.
Happy Birthday to
thank you!
I see now that you are just in town for a few hours. Sorry you aren't hear to speak but sounds like you hit some great spots.
I claire!
I'd like to think good...everything's better with gravy
thanks dear
Hey! I adore all of your tweets, you make my day :) Could you possibly help me gain any more followers as I'm in a contest? Thanks!x
HOLY CRAP THE #ROLLRUS HAS RETURNED! GO
#ThingsBetterThanBieber NOTHING! RT if you agree(:
Just gotta take it one day at a time
Keep it up #Houston!!! STAY LOUD!
Vegas for NYE. Can not go wrong...
I think your energy and mine might be hanging out together wondering why 4-day workweeks always seem longer.
recording a video for x factor. You ?
I am happy to be home after my trip to Maryland. I already miss my granddaughter.
Meeting with immigration specialist today.
Wishing all the #JohnJay students a safe and exciting summer!
:) Me and Ash have a compition to see who can Rick Roll eachother. ^-^
Vanessa Hudgens is perfect
She is super pretty!
hahahahahah i'm just SUCH rebel
did Nate forget Wallace in the rotation?
I'll go but I'm not eating oysters!
I hate people who put tables on mommy and daddy's credit card.
Awesome service at St. Paul! Its all about moving in faith..
Lineup@ TT's tonight KILLED IT, in particular and their chilling cover of Girl Land from Free2B u'n'me with
What are tickets for this year's ASG going for? I haven't even a clue. I don't think I'd spend a lot.
We're open Dec 24th from 10am-5pm, so swing by the Conservatory Crossing before you go over the river & through the woods!
good luck lovely Eleanor on your exam today!!!! xx (:
So you RT : Apparently saying "fuck me" when something doesn't go my way is no longer acceptable.
Enjoying the killer #BuffaloTom at show from last fall; cheers to you -
at bed bath and beyond they have a special bath scrub for men called a bath tool! Ahahaha
On a related note, the Mavericks have now won 50 games and made the playoffs for 11 consecutive seasons.
You Can't Stay Mad At Me Forever You Know ..
United Way is teaming up with some great local partners to provide free tax preparation and filing again this tax season.
Sammy Watkins arrested. This is surprising........
Next Sun 4/29 LAST SUNDAY LAST RITES #lit #reading at w Jen Michalski, Jessica Dotson, Barrett Warner, & Karen Lillis
Spin wouldn't loose out because they made less in liquor sales than usual because everyone was waiting
It was awesome! Inspirational!
Merry Christmas everyone!:)
when you come back, we'll do an epic Sunday fun day
Office Guest Chairs: New-Alera NI42CS10B - Nico Mid-Back Swivel ...
Fun show. Great dialects. Glad you r enjoying! RT omg 'world strictest parents jamaica' is amazing! Those Brits won't survive!
Hood life. The rough streets of Millard. 402
#wesbaker I love hookah! #habebe wish u guys were here
Ronin (1998) had one of the last great spy movie car chase scenes. Great film.
Thanks to everyone we met with and brainstormed with at #SMWDC and #SMWNYC, was a great time and set the stage for a great year ahead.
If u like this check out our extensive men's #jewelry collection. Http://diamondstisilver.com
Thanks Todd! I just signed up.
Got a show March 6th at Mr. Smalls tickets are $12 message me if you wanna go
Realizing ease & convenience of the #TimeWarnerCable TV app=first time in my life I didn't feel hatred for #TWC. They really did it rite
welcome back!!!
Landed and ready to hit da bed man! Cya in a few days
isn't that like when dogs "scoot"?
RT correction. He's still in. Long live Darden
Hoarders is such a sad, sad show.
Youngie ordered it, but I pulled the adult card and left
ALex.. Marry me?
Im lookin for some brain to boost my IQ lolx
Our New Mom's Group helps take on challenges like postpartum depression and body changes. Call (800) 661-6323 for a healing journey!
So proud of the kids at today's concert! Humbled once again by the work we are doing and the goals we are accomplishing.
awesome! Just tweet me when
maybe they should stop drinking beer...then they wont have to worry about it
sitting & working w/ a few other anthropologists. We're all laughing about how out of touch is ...
Great scene Derek! My reel is at www.StuartMcClaySmith.com
telemundo has some crazy morning shows.... girls dancing to music in bikinis at 5am? insomnia is dancetastic at times
*hitting pause* Obama endorsed marriage equality. Whoa. RT : Finally! Firm proof that evolution is real.
Yes you can sense what they are feeling and visa versa
Just saw the discount double check commercial with Cheering for my #Gmen, but I really like his hair
my boyfriend keeps claiming it's my dog making his eyes itch. He swears it's not the cedar. My a$$
Tell me a little social media career success story. Will be speaking to undergrads tonight.
lol...maybe its not a weak spot at all!!??
And, I really can't get past people un-self-consciously using the word "metrosexual" which is so mired in homophobia.
Oh yes I luv it! I found a baby chiminea (sp) in there. Dont know what to do w/it but its so adorable! Lol
I just wanted to thank for Final Fantasy 13 and 13-2, I'm looking forward to 13-3... Can't wait to see all the DLC coming!
It really doesnt matter how the music sound its how it make you feel.
I'm pretty sure they do. I think our three pieces of collateral can be anything we want.
If aiming for being proper, I guess it'd be "himself".
Great crowdwork, you are charming and hilarious.
if you have the same number, I'll text u the address.
Besides ur judgment I'ma still shine in these streets
Here comes the rain, so I will work inside today, and believe me, this place needs it! Space clearing it is. Sorry spiders. Where's my mop?
Justin's viddy >>>>>
DANG. i need to make onee. or atleast finish one of the two nathan ones i started in the summer.. i loved yours.
Big shout to all the Canadians.
Life is too vast n broad to just settle down rt now, perhaps i'll feel like this always bc i am such a curious wanderer and come on, gt real
30 Rock, , and all get 13 episode season next year and then cancellation.
The panel has begun with the review of application
Lindsay is 2. I'm only 1 but been doing it for years & just never tested. hoping Lindsay gets tested for instructor this year.
Here in Lockhart with my dad eating BBQ! Life is good.
I'm no longer single, and he makes me so beautiful, love him
YUCK! "Today is the first day of the rest of your life" ... I prefer..."Today is the LAST of your PAST!"
me too homes lol you at lunch??
What do you love about your life as it is right now?
The new album is pretty damn good Y'all keep up the good work can't stop listening to the new album
has returned for Round 2 of voicetracking.
right..it was all MY fault. *sighs* sorry I tried to say hello. Won't make that mistake again..here or on fb. Have good lives.
nothin too serious tho...we all know he's innocent and didn't kill that poor girl.
Nice ring to it.
I love me.
You guys excited for 2012? I am!!
only needs about 100 more followers to reach 1000! Go follow and support! :D
My worries, if kept inside, will stew and then bubble over. Even if I talk to myself, it seems to lessen them somehow...
Cold War songs?
You wanna tweet about relationships, heartache and problems. Your young use that time in a good way instead of sulking at home.
My dog Sativa & I r up & ready 2 go & mingle with the other Pit Bulls @ the Los Angeles Coliseum! :-D
Caltrans crews now on scene, but 78 fast lane still open; sink hole may be more of a pot hole, accd to photog on scene for NCTimes
You may like E6 then, but it's a lot more rock/synth and even more ludicrous. ;)
I want to talk to Association meeting planners.
Still almost speechless from last night - was tearing it up, then got on - TOO much fun. #minneapolis goes hard.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxox
My nipples hurt so fucking bad.
Testing HootSuite. Any opinions?
#FridayFollow .. just a way of showing other accounts to other people. Thought I'd throw you in the mix.
I assure you, a hater I am not.
lmao how cute
": Only dude getting less sleep than me tonight is #Caps" Feeling it now, bro.
Jesus my apartment clean lol
Failure isn't the opposite of success. It is no longer striving to succeed.
You already love the $8.95 lunch specials, and now they come with a guarantee. We'll have it ready for you in 10 minutes or less!
If I have to kill I anit gonna stop.
#UseTwitterNameInSentence is a sentence itself :)
my lack of organization! Ack!
why do I feel like you guys are gonna prank me or something lol
Or just drinking in general. RT : Follow if you love whiskey
M&A Tip of the Day-Can your company run without you? if the goal is to sell then make sure you have the right team running it without you
Wass Up Big Bro
bailey hates me or some shit.
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3 30
Hey muchacha! Happy Holidays! Sad to hear Jason is not dressed up in a Santa suit today! What's up w/ that?! :)
is it a Yung Bux mixtape? Only good rapper out there
I just saw the pictures of the wedding in Jamaica - awesome!
OH: Every day is Aaron Rodgers day at my desk!
Bruhh. No one cares!
Get the special Christmas offers from Galaxy Digitizing! email:
Taunting after game 8 of 162? Act like you've been there. It's a marathon, not a sprint.
RT Djing tonight at an underground party in silverlake at club los globos, 3040 w sunset. I go on around midnight.
talk nerdy to me
Do dentists shop at a secret store where they only sell floss made of razor blades?
Did you have it pre-installed from the beta weekend, or are you installing the entire game?
found a private love letter inside a book in goodwill. apparently roger wrote a letter but never expressed his love to ditta. poor guy.
Don't waste time on jealousy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're behind. - Mary Schmich
That was pretty freakin' great!:D
You mean for your "quick escapes"???
it's like etowah high.
He got me late always wait rite when it's time for me to leave to handle ur business
I don't like your beliefs and you don't like mine. But I haven't forced my beliefs on you, so don't force yours on me. Back off!!
#PopHour at Soul Asylum Studios !.. Workin on Videos for Everyone!.. #Workmode!
lol me too nice!
I've decided that watching Notting Hill for the millionth time is more appealing than watching the Grammys. Maybe tomorrow sans commercials?
From here on out I will #followback ! ;)
Thank you Captain Morgan! :-)
no but I going home first
I'm a freaking sex symbol dude...
I made candy sushi with my son and that was a blast!! easy to do and omg the kids loved it . and so did the hubby
Just so's we're all clear, Eric Church trying so hard to be a badass that he shoots himself in the foot isn't actually a news story.
Did y'all see my nigga 's avy, though? *DEAD*
although I'm not sure it's legalized when you still live 10000000 miles away! Lol
Sometimes I really do feel like I'm being punk'd or like cameras should be following me. I mean...honestly. Natalie. Daily.
are all gonna be surprised at the amount of pink I'm wearing today.
I think that iNeed to getaway from Arkansas for about a year!
You're not alone! :) Soph seemed distracted at the train the other day, I said what's up? She said, "character study" :)
Did we meet when my ensemble came to perform at Princeton? I'm thinking not, actually... We played for Chinese Students Assoc
Trade show attendance in the third quarter jumped an impressive 3.7 percent, compared with 1% during the same period last year.
It’s weird how we go from being strangers, to being friends, to being more than friends, to being practically strangers all over again..
sending pictures of hope rose to >>> paying attention in stats
a) Why reboot such a classic? and b) Why in the WORLD would they do it without you?!
Why did you desert us so entirely?, Melisa
as a rent paying resident, I don't want children to have a pool discount. They ruin it for everyone.
TURBOwriting all day long- Cultural producers are a key component NYC art museums' audience. Implications? Responsibilities? Go!
I'm sorry my English is not the greatest. But I'm trying at least :)
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who gets jealous, who acts bitchy at times, who would want to be in arms forever<U+2665>
why not? would each team then be responsible for signing their new acquisition by July 1 or risk losing the new acquisition?
Realizing you could have slept 20 more minutes because now you're early to work<<
A rhinoceros can ejaculate 10 times in a half-hour lovemaking session.
Just thinking about how "Trending Topics" are sucking the life out of Twitter IMHO
that was the first thing i thought of when i saw your tweet. and its embarrassing.
I have more respect for the stain on my sheets than I do for that piece of shit Skip Bayless... #am1000 in for mike&mike in the morning...
we shall see.
I saw her, too! Epic mullet.
Listening to a favorite podcast "Tokyo Calling" by Scott Lockman. In 2005 it inspired me to create "Tourist In The City" ((( in sTeReO )))
Thanks for the RT folks!
WE ARE WILD, are we not?!?
man where has been...we need to hit up some bars very very soon
I wanna stay in bed! Is that too much to ask
Three hour nap. Check
These people from texas are so cool.
"I want to Give A new HandGun."
My apartment is going to be used in a music video on Monday night. My weekend is all about deep cleaning.
Brad Lidge....eeeeesh!!! Strasburg thanks for your work...all for not
I look so sparkly today ! (:
been there past 2 weeks. Lets rap about ur nexr dj.
Hanging out with Dexter Holland of the Offspring.
I WISH SO MUCH TO DONATE BUT I LITERALLY HAVE LIKE $5 TO MY NAME BUT I HAVE BEEN AND WILL CONTINUE TO TELL EVERYONE I CAN!
GM 2 u. Like your sassyness RT : "Bite me!" George Washington to King George I , 1776....Good Morning all!!!
If you follow me, but I don't follow you back. RT this so I can follow you.
"Giving thanks always for all things to God the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ," -Ephesians 5:20
Ohhdaayum. Havent been on twitter for over 2 weeks!! :O time to read ALL the lastest tweets and get caught up. xD
You're very welcome! You deserve it!!
so glad aubrey is gone, she is transparent and not someone the trumps should consider an apprentice
Happy Mothers Day to all the Baby Momma's ! Lol !!
that's a very purdy picture
Common sense just isn't common anymore - Dr. Phil
High view of consumer translates to high view of dev. MT : constantly redesigns apps based on data and ux
Thx for the RT. Experimenting w/HootSuite there. AM tweet for UK.
I KNOW!!!! I'm going to! Lol like really what do we have??? McDonalds??? Umm I think not!!!
We would love to be your first! btw, I use OpenDNS at home and love it
I know how to create jobs and I am doing right now. It starts here SWFLA, throughout Florida, and right across the country, my campaign
65 million tweets a day and 1 out of 5 mention a product or brand, Snuggie! Coca cola :)
Checked in @ Tumbao
good times in nyc for memorial's day weekend....
he is! I'll make sure to say hello for you.
Ha. it depends how much it rains & i shes sloppy at kissing
I hate it when you can't stop thinking about that one person..and deep down inside, you doubt they are actually thinking about you
I can't wait for #Believe Boyfriend is amazing! Proud of you #Belieber 45
This day is crazy today ...I can't even lie
Yo Bout To Drop The People Who Don't Follow Quick. What Do U Think? It's Easier To Hate Then To Support What u Believe In..
yes... please come home!
#ShowerFlow...i'm gon have to thug it out cause my phone is charging and i can't play any music....
tomorrow after 4 is looking good. I could check with my work folks if maybe a drink at the Driscoll or something? LMK
I assumed the beer bong was Photoshopped out.
He aint my Brother no more ...
Williams of Cedar Hill: At end of day, 66 positions were cut, sick leave cut by 5 days, admin furlough days added. Left core intact.
Yes, there is! LOL!
Only in f*ing Boston does a fender bender make the news on repeat because it's a sports player.
angie its fine really idc really i guess.... I understand
Um...can someone explain the Dolphins' pick, please?
My neck kills :/
I do agree that money can't buy happiness, But somehow, it's more comfortable to sit and cry in a Lexus than a bus stop
Please follow me:))
Do you have your broker's license? We are having an evening class June 27th! www.TuckerSchool.com! ONLY $350!
dude. Just get good at typing on your iPad once and for all and you'll love it.
Are you doing the same?
Yes, so much to explore there. A treasure of our city for sure!
THUNDER? NO WAY!
Best ending to a college baseball game. Ever. Go #hoos !
it's probably not a good thing. I haven't had the best twitter track record this week.
ha! I love it! I was just asking myself those very question!
Aw thanks Tricia! We Love you too!!!!
planning the Hillel Women's Retreat: Eat, Pray, Love!
We love meeting you at them : looking forward !! Love attending your events.
lmaoo! that's okay I wouldn't have noticed either dw
Way to represent!
Ouch... RT : Man this playoff beard is REALLY starting to itch. Know what i mean Colorado? Oh... oops...
next week...
I see your #Dad on the pre-game tonight, EY. Talking about #basestealing. But, my condolences to the family.
Going to keep plugging away at last ch. in my set. Might finish tonight. Only 15pp., but lots of edits to enter.
#fridayreads American Gods by . It's fabulous so far, the perfect mix of creepy and curious.
If u r in the Arlington area, come by Little O's Patio Grill off Little rd. & I-20 from 6-8. I'll be here w/ Kiss FM...first drink on me :)
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
I hate when they close off 2/3 lanes on the Tappan Zee Bridge but THEY ARENT DOING ANYTHING with 99% of it.
how u been
Why does it bother me that doesn't love me?
day-blogging only with this crew
Wow..me and marco on this racist website and they goin in on niggers and spics lol the #WhiteDemons need to burn in hell
He who laughs last didnt get it.
LOLL, lmfao. So true.
Thank you for Pat Summit
i lost my phone and I'm mad ...
"It's not worth having a stroke over." Better save this tweet JIC...!
Thunder running that pick and roll till its run dry.
Getting set to go back to work after a NYC weekend of Clapton, Jane Fonda, Hair, early Stones. Wow, it really was 40 years ago today. Peace.
Considering no one from Wis. actually wears those damn things, he should be fine.
Moot point, but I'm making it anyway: if the #spurs don't hit a million 3s last night, the game becomes a throw-up. Threes killed Clips.
Finally got that craving cured. was yummy! And nice to meet you again !
Just finished editing vocals for my new track this is sounding Hott!!!!
I mean, they had HOURS to edit Ki-Jana.
Getting to wake up and talk to my boyfriend just made my whole day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
stop stalking me. Lol
Merry Christmas To All!!!
Just saw #YoungAdult & it was really good! :) (sadly I have 2 admit I recognized the exact episode of the reality TV shows she watches too)
: Call me old fashioned, but I actually take love, sex & feelings seriously.
This chick better have my cash just like a white girl dat need a$$!
Is that for both guys and girls, or does the effort differ between genders?
Gary Ellis send out 3000 emails today. working hard for buyers and sellers
Mr. President- we were cool until i found out you signed HR 347. I'm disappointed and would like an explanation.
a shameful stain on a very nice ball
Thank you!
Check out during the Ladies nite Out #fundraising event TONIGHT 6–9pm at the Country Springs Hotel!
is performing like two hours away from me tonight & Im not there. Why cant I be rich?
im good
about to take the stage! Fun times!
thank you it's just how I have been feeling lately
Convert! to keyboardism that is. Makes the wrists feel better. j or k -- then enter to move up and down and read your gmail.
When singers cover the same 10 Christmas songs all season, I feel like I'm eating the same reconstituted chicken for 2 straight months
Ever since I got my all-weather clogs, I've started listening to NPR a lot more. Not sure what this is about.
stop saying kid after everything
Just realized that if you anagram M. Romney, you get Mr. Money
Man if i could have one day back smh
Come watch your #NYKNICKS dominate the #BULLS tonight here !!! $3 bud lt and coors lt drafts $4 bud lt and coors lt bottles!
If I told you "I love you" everyday, for the rest of my life, that still would not begin to cover just how much I really do.
Better get up..... The laundry is not going to do itself....<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I was tanning outside with my ducky earlier and now he's gone :,(
Don't feel like starting on my Homework ~=>
bro im going cray! Omg #THONGS ahaha idk... I need a strapless bra for my dress..
I read the synopsis and didn't think I'd like it...but just ordered the first one on eBay to see for myself!
#Bulls vs. #Heat...i got the #Heat in this one.
8 year olds today have Facebooks, twitter, phones, ipods. When i was there age, I had a coloring book, crayons, chalk, and imagination.
mike please follow me please
Thanks for the RT and ! GLOW is an awesome show! Hope it grows to more PBS affiliates!
New year, new work. We wouldn't dream of okie doke'n our family. Just closing the Capitol Hill location so we can focus on some new cities.
Let's Get started on this..... Kick it!!! 2012
you're so beautiful ;)
i dont have my phone :/ it broke saturday lol...and yes!!:) haha
uuhh I did
Thrift shop in basement of venue....this could be a problem
Hurry! Hurry! Step right up and see the greatest cam show ever to hit the Net! Get ready to scream with delight!
I just turned into a directioner and a fan.
whew! you just made me feel much better. haha
I'm still a duck.
I saw your #maang feedback and would love to learn more. Please tweet or DM me.
YOU WONT RT : I Fucking Hate Fixie Bikes That IS The Gayest Shit Ever. Every Time I See One I Have The Urge To Hit It
which only validates my original tweet lol
safe travels!
Deliberating over this wine list. Can I get away with trying to add Roederer Brut to the "by the glass" list of a #beer and #wine dive?
How much is exclusive?
how's the new gig?
Texas is big enough it can be its own country...well, hell-it pretty much is!
Sometimes people don't find parodies funny. Usually it's because they don't get the joke.
Always a #Thrill RT : Just saw & hard at work at the Charity Preview. #Thrill :)
I'll be in Orlando 4/24-26. would like to meet w/ character programs peeps. Who should I contact? xoQueen of Fuzz
please follow:)
Getting it done!! RT : So bored, doing inventory for then gonna go make some
I hereby nominate all of you for Pulitzer Prizes. Feel free to use that in your bio.
": Where did the time go? "seems like just yesterday". <3.
*grumble* stupid headcold. so pissed that i don't feel like doing anything but rest. i hate getting slowed down when i'm on a roll!
Looks great Jeff!
Any girl would be lucky to have you it would be amazing and be everything I wanted if I had you cause your a one gnarly dude 15
you are so worth having a great sat night
probably would be a good idea to start packing since i have to leave for the airport in a half hour.
Dear Simon Borg, The trolling was fun at first... Now it's just annoying. Please stop. Love, Grace
But is that surprising at all?
Congratulations on the appointment of Brian Sereda as CFO, announced in bit.ly/vICqDk
Knowing what's confidence and what's arrogance could be the difference between self-esteem and self-dellusion.
I am optimistic on finding a job this year.
AH I JUST STARTED WATCHING IT EIGHT SECONDS AGO, WILL WEIGH IN IN APPROXIMATELY FORTY MINUTES!!!! :)
so funny! you speak Spanish? that's good :)
“: Chris Brown following J Hud is such a buzz kill. #grammys” totally agree
Pretty sure I dominated my ARH 329 final. One more final next Wednesday and I'll be done with my sophomore year of college.
Knowing you don't follow me<<< change that?
Tonight! 10 pm DJ Missy Donkerz! $2 Schlitz Tall Boys $3 Powers Shots $5 Tall Smirnoff Drinks All Night! A/Cs frosty... Jams are HOT!
honey, I let u flip the script sometimes
Wow. Hunger Games. Wow. A blatant call to action for social justice. POWERFUL story.
Good morning beautiful!!!
This is what my mom does with her class. It's totally sad.
what's furry my cat tail
I am following a lot of new media marketing guys to understand how to excite students and parents through classroom narrative
Were wondering if any dogs out there are celebrating St.Patricks Day today? How does your pooch represent the Irish?
Google's new logo-rollover-navigation is going to drive me nuts and may even cause me to move my BACK button.
Gonna go pick up my tux for tomorrow!
I believe this is a serious cats whupping...see what I did there:)
don't hate
Video: Career Transformation
i love you two precious angels <3 btw #sickdancemoves ;)
awh!! Thanks love u to!!
#Obamacare if states can mandate that folks carry auto #insurance, why can't Feds mandate health ins. covg? Hvnt heard a coherent answer.
4 more days till school.Not happy.
Who ran to help me when I fell, Or kissed the place to make it well? …. My mother.- Ann Taylor
Good things to come very soon! in the meantime check out our demos! on the bandpage tab or youtube!
Damn why did Mary J. Blige have to kill that Squirrel in the making of that lace front! SMH
RT : is stable & alert. He's undergoing tests and remains under observation. Updates will be released as...
Can't figure out APA for an entire magazine/journal that is still publishing issues.. any ideas? (working on pathfinder!)
ok your turn =)
Wish I was there! Enjoy the What's New event today (I think) and send pics
sorry to hear it, enjoy sun & drinks tho! What is jimmyz?
Kate Smith is TRENDING IN DC!
I thought there was something....
don't be rude
thanks for the follow if yall ever need beats feel free to hit me up.. trap shit for days
yu dun know bredda. Big up everytime. All in God's time. :-)
That's dope! You'll have to invite me over to school you one day when it gets warm!!
Bottle Rockets 8/display
About to watch #TheVoice :D
Hope it gives yu hell !
ah! excited is an understatement! the nerves are going crazy! you guys pumped for your runs? love all your support!
Come work it out tonight with some Jazz/Funk @ 8pm...it's gonna be CRAZY!!!
RT : Trust does not get people in the door, trust is what keeps them there.
Heading to #tla11 bright & early tomorrow. Hope to see you at "Cost Savings Thru TCPP" session, 3:30 Thursday. Now, to get handouts printed!
Wind knocking out power to street lights on El Paso's west side. Grateful to have mountain to spare us from twisters.
Now when you google "art ettina" you only get about 10,000 suggestions? It used to be more but I dropped some sites, is that why?
Okay, sounds good.
Here or to my FB
35 of 37 from the line is basically Kentucky pooping in the refrigerator and eating a whole wheel of cheese
Tip for #Parents: #Reading aloud to children is a proven technique to help them cope with stress, anxiety, and difficult situations.
Cut down a 13-ft Christmas tree in the woods with my brothers. Looking for a one-footer for my apartment.
check out The Pulse tonight at 1am. The hottest hip hop mixed in with honest opinions. As always DJ M2 and special guest DJ Cedric Ceballos
Couldn't agree more. We've got some great RIF Book People in Oakland, including you.
History is so BORING!!!!!!
for a technology company. i enjoy it. and, yeah, I'm certain we could! ;P
omg my head has been pounding all day #cantfocus #thisneedstostop <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
sweet! Congrats!!
Watch the tomorrow at Naz Kupelian Salon. Catch all the fashion & get royal beauty tips from our makeup artist & stylists!
It will go by quickly :) I'm sure you're looking forward to seeing more of her!
nice meeting u too hun!
84 total points.
That was a knee drop from MWP (and an overreaction from Westbrook)
thank you MT : We don't need more examples of CSR... We need examples of how corporations can innovate in the public/civic sector
yes, giving my cell phone number to my #eng2500 students was the right thing to do.
Cannes Film Festival You Say?.... France?.... okay.. In there Like Swim Wear!!
Since when did UofL fans start saying cardnation? If you don't have any fans outside of 1 city I don't think u can say that
Getting married soon? Let Sutra Lounge hosts your bachelor/bachelorette party; for more info please call: 404.607.1160 today!
I am thinking about getting a Ford Expedition EL Eddie Bauer 4x4 for a new car!
It's all about the experience with
croninlibrarian: #slaname #sla2009 I'll continue to call myself a librarian... except when trying to market myself or get a job outside ...
lmao what's up? :P
Hope you have a great day!
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Watching the #Broncos at Philly
In my defense, there was a lot to discuss. AND the #Oscars sucked, I still stand by we should have watched Suburgatory.
awesome! i've never really written a blog before so it's gr8 2 know how u organize ideas. and... link? :)
it was really awesome to see all the families. Wish you the best this season!
Ce Ce follow us and DM me your email, I have a new joint I need to email you. Orphanz™
Hi! I'm interested in hanging some of your steampunk work in my restaurant in Seattle sometime.
RT If your Proud Of Austin , And Will Keep Supporting Him <3 -Ally
found you on Twitter! <U+E057>
is tweeting, i wish he would tweet me<3
Thanks again for meeting with us yesterday and letting us ask you every question we could think of!
hahaha no worries! :)
i find our relationship to be stronger when we communicate through the internet. Fuck in person interactions.
My clear plugs look all blue/purple in the sunlight, it's fucking awesome. :)
Hope the evening got better!
best punk'd ever.
for sure! so pretty please with sugar on top...clean the fucking car!!
I thought it was tremendous...but that is just me. Steven Tyler is an original...one of the good Mass exports...lol.
I played an entire football game in my dream last night & in every play I was the 47yr old weak link. And we made bread during time outs.
I love making plans with . He's so dreamy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>.
Just create your free profile (if you haven't already done so) and start posting in groups! www.kissandim.com/register
Spartacus needs new clothes
Who started the STUPID HOA rule that cars can't be parked on the street? NEWS FLASH: NOBODY CARES! New Yorkers would laugh out loud!
Can you get me some followers?? I'll get people to follow back (: !
#nowplaying One of the Boys by Katy Perry
Every conversation is instantly enhanced if you include these sentences. RT : Pretty much, pretty much. It's a lot of ass.
Cee-Lo had better hops than I expected.
About to see some interactive theatre in
lol what he do now
Baby tell me wat u wanna do wit me
TGIF! Need we say more?
I jus sent the event imma still have hit u tho she can give more details and u let her knw if u want to do it
do bands think about logos anymore?
same to you and thanks for working on the Nob Hill Pocket Park!
Listening to Strip by Chris brown with Father Agbar!! Can't be any better
Trying to drink green smoothies again...I need to get my iron back up...
Protesting a system that is failing you? #OWS team Barbershop Punk joins you in cause! Wish I was a Liberal Transformer....ha.
Okay I'm up let's get it
No matter where we roam, there's no place like home! Ah!
One class done for the Semester !! 3 More to go ...
Yes. Found the pots at the craft store. Me=dipshit.
Thank you guys for the birthday wishes! It's been a great day : )
Sounds good!! those are good places to see a game.
- thanks for your note on BigOven -- jot me a note at if you'd like to chat...
Slow day at work exhausted me. Night y'all ;-)
Finally Back on my twitter grind!
Ugh I feel queasy. Blah. No fun.
also where r you living now?!
how did you brake it?
A great piece, thanks for sharing! :)
So i take that tweet back. Im sorry twitter.
Lamborghini mercy (swerve), yo chick she so thirsty.
I'd look into how those two other choices got a third of the vote. Lol! I was thinking 90-5-5, landslide win for the margarita!
Bad penalties, no toughness, no garbage/crease goals. Doesn't use his size well. Plays soft. Can improve.
The world is up side down I'll trade now in for the old days
Decline the verb? No, thank you. I already have one.
#thatex that you just wanna punch in the fucking face every time you see them... Maybe only I have that problem?
No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. ~Abraham Lincoln
couldnt agree more
thank you so much! You guys are a beautiful family!
#FF because he made me;) j/k
Damn 1500 to get the car fixed!
THAT is a successful kickstarter campaign
": Aliens if you want to abduct me, can we do this another night? I'm just really too tired to deal with your alien #!?* tonight."
Thanks for coverage on tonight's news at 6pm san diego!
Hello:) Great connecting
Thank you Lol.
it's in that state, ego I understand you met.
Calling cuz i wanna talk to ITS RINGING!
Very welcome. =) I'm trying to have a good day. Husband left for the military 2 days ago so it's been a little rough.
I'll try not to but I don't have any shit
by "good stuff" your an volume discounts right? ;)
what up shawwty?!? Happy Belated
Bon appétit! Amazing hotel room service
I want you to be my sex slave.
Ashkan Soltani focuses on "Privacy as surprise management."
How are we losing against a team that can't even get 11 guys on the field on a regular basis
Remember, people only rain on your parade because they’re jealous of your sun and tired of their shade
your classy she's trashy.
That's good stuff.
A leader is a dealer in hope. -Napoleon Bonaparte
#GhostAdventures how I enjoy you so. But I must start hw....nah fuck that
Do you like what your soul looks like?
Headed to Nattspil for dinner then most likely getting intoxicated....again, what new?
Where all the real #Hustlers got started by selling candy in class
LeBeau's 'Last Minute' Decision to Challenge Binienda - GoLocal Worcester
I don't know exactly when but I'm sure they'll give the order of everything when the show starts. I bet they put it at the end
Shaving my legs feels good :)
Heh. You should start one over there!
and Mad Men should have been two words
Gotta keep on keeping on!
" Did you see my tweet?" " Yea it was alright"
36 holes of #discgolf today. not too shabby. hey , anyone finds a tie-dye Beast on 15 at Hudson, you let me know. :)
In many ways, I see this as a greater economic issue than can be blamed on one party or another. Just my $0.02
I've read that too.. but also read October
Great decision! You are focused and ready to make great things happen for next yr, all that is destined to come to you will in time!
officially have a job!
#Packers suffered from #Colts disease. (resting players week 17, first round bye, and then coming out flat)
Today in Invention History: Elijah McCoy patents an air brake pump lubricator in 1920
:) my children are an endless source of material, and thank you!
Excited that we added Loews and the Omni Hotels to "Banner Day".... The French Quarter will be so BLack and Gold! www.worldchampionfans.com
People of God stay prayerful for 2012 will unleash many surprises.. Stay tuned to the word! and you'll be prepared for whatever takes place!
Dying to know, afraid to find out
The name of this chat was Penn's Elite. Who is more elite, you or Raudabaugh?
First London West End show!!! "Legally Blonde" -- my Mum wishes I was Elle Woods; she thinks I should have picked law over Hollywood :)
Cellar Door tasting room and restaurant is closed for a breather! We'll reopen on Wednesday, Jan 18. Happy New Year!
HA! Is there a Latour reference in the bingo card? If not, there should be
@ Old man reading Heidegger. Oh, you have a mac? I don't think things are going to work out.
josh hamilton will be a dodger next year. write it down
just got one of them, which gives me two now
Just got stung..
Thanks for the RT. Happy Friday!
OMG WTH soo you are not going now!> and wait so u did re broke it??
Fucking hate wind......
Love the new Spekuloos cookies, but what's Lupine? The cookies were made in a factory that also processes wolves?
If you didn't believe that my man made all the ladies wobble wait until you see the ladies in his new video "Twerk It"!
This is one good game #Bruins need to score.......
I carry a voice recorder and extra batteries in my purse. When I meet people, I'm almost always asking, Please, will you tell me stories?
Thanks for the +K!
DJ Premier&#39;s XM/Sirius Radio Show Gets Canned For Good
I've never felt this sick and horrible in my whole life...:(
Great tweeting with you!
Hope all you FAC Heads had a GREAT Saturday!! Stop on by tomorrow and receive 10% off all concentrates!!!
I am on twitter too! the picture isof Ozzy getting acupuncture.
if you're not at a computer it's because it's not available on mobile devices. =( if you are... Then I dunno why
Thank you to all of the lovely ladies that joined us tonight! Remember to share these wonderful chats w/ your friends.
Hi Angelina. Welcome!
BORSCHT BORSCHT BORSCHT!
Had a creepy dream about a lock-down
Soup and garlic bread... It was bizarre.
I cannot wait! this makes me so happy you dont even know! #youmakemesmile :)
u speak ur mind and i like tht :-)
what's your story?
'I fly , I fly high , I'm blazzzin . Feels like I'm blazin ' #nickkki <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Having technical problemsTrying to follow back those who follow me&also clear some folks who haven't tweeted for ages.Sorry Folks! Patience!
YES YES YES YES YES AND YES!!!!!!
Our only dress rehearsal is at 3 and then the show is at 7
First 5 LIKES get a shoutout!
You're not cool, stfu.
Hello new world. I will be sharing my thoughts on graphic design through humor and fury or links to awesome digital designer goodies. Enjoy!
yeah haha I love this movie
Thanks, Steve!
#SheDidntCallBecause your movie was poorly written.
Is this true of technology? “: A fashion that does not reach the streets is not a fashion. Coco Chanel”
Vocals going down
OK guys. Let's get to the bottom of it. Do you believe in aliens! lol
aww thx guys not only is #RavenNation the greatest fans but great people in general. I Really wish I could be there
That is the most beautiful sketch of Foxface I have ever seen in my life. Did you sketch it? xx
ima still try
Watching the Dark Shadows series with mama llama. It's nice that she's trying to make me feel better
We have a new server ready - vpn-la2 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Los Angeles, CA.It's available in your customer area now.
yep on vets in metairie!
Getting ready for the Miami today! We're at booth B01 - come say hi!
3/12/11The luck of the Irish the St. Patrick's Day Parade sets off from Juniper and 6th Street by Balboa Park.
Conclusion to NYT rabbit-killing article: "But she doesn’t have the boyfriend. 'He ended up leaving me for a vegetarian,' she said."
Come out and join the fun at #AirFest 2010 at Lackland AFB!
Oops I had the a/c set to 68°. Freezing!
Oh yes, you do. Appreciate it :) lol
Palin is invaluable to Democrats alive. The death threats are just phony grasps at reclaiming slumping attention.
Dude, I'm tellin' ya, solid dating advice. Be the charming guy by the hummus aisle.
LOL Modern plumbing ranks up there for me too as one of those things I just couldn't live without. I won't go camping without it.
And are they having a meet and greet in Connecticut too?! Is the tour for meet and greet or performing?!
Merry Christmas to all orthodox Christian!!!
Live once
If you think you won't be together, then simply don't ruin her life by giving her false hope ..
#FollowFriday I have the privilege to read tweets from
yeah well occasionally my tastes ARE the...
#NowShowing on the big screens: US Open, Cubs/Yankees, Vandy/UNC baseball. Come enjoy one of GIANT frosted mugs!
RT : Inexorable, relentless offensive rebounding by Long #Beach St. #CSULB! #GoBeach #LBSU Beach
Working on DVD Authoring for (2) 4-disc sets today. Mastering a few tracks to. New mixing project just in...
That would be awesome! I'll holler atcha next time I'm planning a trip.
"You're the first person I think about when I wake up in the morning; and the last I think about as I go to sleep at night.”
I honestly don't know. :( sorry I couldn't be more help!
Sleeping is good because its like being dead without the commitment.
Ha-ha-ha! Yep.
Charlotte was awesome! One more week until New York! I cannot wait to see my family!
Seems we have been witout light all night...the neighborhood's completely black :S
stupid headache, go away. you are lessening my enjoyment of this show. did just get to see nancy botwin titties tho, so
Ha Ha...that's fine, Kristi! We're cool. I was only teasing you. ;-)
Thanks for joining in! Hope you'll join next week!
Looks like I'm going to spend almost all of today dealing with email.
I feel like I could be a famous novelist if I had the attention span to write more than 140 charact...
yeah but I can do that once the sun goes down.
Waiting for your straightener to heat up and realizing its not on <<<
I think i learned my lesson on trusting young girls and there silly games.
The ways of the world will work around the couple that is supposed to be together....
Would love to ask question about Triton services in webinar, but there's no chat box in the control panel :(
At Opera...tragedy, blood... and ... Placido! Yum.
We just got our tickets for RHCP in November in Portland. I can't describe how happy I am :) last time I saw them they captivated us fully
Getting hungry? Come on down to Criterion Brock and dine with the best of the best for only $25!
open house to Great Saturday afternoon.
didn't you start and gathered signatures on prop D?
Im still trying to figure out if chuckie's the mean version of chuckie from the rugrats -_-
Or you could take the Anita Blake route and just choose both.
Going to ' annual meeting? Be sure to register by Friday! Come hear about our project in both presentation and poster form!
In the intimate Nuit #1, real actors have real sex on screen (or at least seem to), and talk (a lot). Call it Scenes From a One-Night Stand
no it got deleted :/
A person that laughs at others should be given a mirror!
SO do you like sushi?! yay or nay?
yo what're some good studios down there?
~not $100 + w/ services charges. times and economy change, but what you charge for LA orNYC shld not be the same 4 sm-md markets.
My hands smell like chemicals from lab....
NFL or CFL
what a monster musician you are. Every time we play it's a lesson for me.
men dont like a girl for her looks. like her for her personality
really!!! Is he still there??? Did you meet him?
edit profile upload photo
That moment your old crush from middle school posts a tbh on your wall and you still smile over it :)
If u want a math teacher who cusses at u n talks trash bout u in front of ur FACE!!!!! Go to RBMS
RT : Isn’t it incredible when there’s a playoff game every single night of the week? ....My favorite time of year. Love it!
4 live hits an explosion and murder is more busy than awesome... But please do!
Being single comes with so much unnecessary stuff though
I think I'm addicted to Sam Adams Summer Ale, it's just so refreshing and delicious. M.
I know, right?
Helluva Starbucks day.
oh i didnt know you got turned down every weekend.
You don’t get another chance. Life is no Nintendo game
A1: The PPV model is antiquated, if they want a new audience they have to get back to cable for at least some real fights
Word of the day: Gortex
I killed my girlfriend and now she lives with a werewolf and a vampire. In that case, we're going to need a different form.
I've seen a ton of twins over the years in early intervention and therapy with my kids.
Holidays are right around the corner, ask about family portraits!!
Damn! Ran into skeketor's wife
It sure is! Place is silly. Food was alright though.
true. i think it was used to get attention - which it got...
- This Massage Chair Got me Horny! l0l.
Shout out to for landing that contract and keeping union work in LA
Vinnie Chulk gets the Win tonight. His first in the Major Leagues since August 19, 2007 with the San Francisco Giants.
Hello, i am looking for marvin's personal twitter but can't find it, maybe the personal twitter accounts have been deleted ??..
When you see pictures of your friends hanging out and you weren't invited.. *I see how it is*
Are you a P4000 customer? SAN/iQ 9.5 was just released. Drop me a note for details………
“: "Boy in the Backseat" by WWPJ makes me feel things Like when a lady puts her mouth on my penis.” checkin em out now! LOL
Mark and your?
I love my job, can I just take a vacation from email?
Have you guys heard of BranchOut? Do you use it?
Yes, fake banana is an aberrance from taste to the scratch-n-sniff scent.
Yes the 46 % growth is regarding both the Marathon, Half Marathon and the Inaugural 5k!
I think I ate too much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I know! :( I was rather dissapointed! It was hot and I did all that work and it rained.
Totally agreed. The quote was speaker addressing clutter like staff photos, rather than site features that aid research.
Dressing comfy today. >
Some days you're the dog, others you're the hydrant. I was the hydrant today, but I'll be the dog again tomorrow.
They are REALLY nice people, very moderately priced (for SF), and will work with you re budget, etc.
I told my brother there's an In N Out in Texas and he got mad lol
Our Norvell solution is perfect for clients seeking cover up of skin discolorations such as vitiligo.
You bet... plus, women with provocative profile pictures are constantly sending me links to stuff. I'm a lucky guy.
Congrats on the new job!
When you want to go to bed... but you just cant stop humming a melody... RECORD IT!!!
Got my phone back!:)
Wow - Very excited to be working with on an upcoming project. Stay tuned!
Richard D. James Album - Aphex Twin
and you for the follow! Have a happy day :)
": Dare I say the Rangers power play is starting to heat up." >>Shhh! You'll jinx it!
You got it!! Sending via
Congrats on your award girl! Just catching up on my tech news now. :)
can my buddy text
Just post the link when its available my man! 1 Luv
Just met a woman from Thailand, runs a tomato picking business, can't read or write, saved up $60k and just bought her house cash, I lov ...
oh, i see. For some rrason its not as crowded tonight
I'm starting to doubt that that was really Dahmer... it was a Minnesota area code!
Congratulations to all the new graduates out there. The world awaits your talents!
Good to see you Kyle, (from Oksana)
tattoos are bearable pain
Learning some people don't deserve the title "Friend" leave you as an associate or nothing at all
im sleepy. Plus i gotta be somewhere in the morning so Good Night!!!!!
been invited you
I'm so there.
did you get lucky?
Feels like Christmas everyday I get an email with the subject line... "Your Zazzle Earnings" Thanks
how is your spring break?
#Walmart shopping! With
wish you were here too
Iese is as advertised! Week in and week out he shows up huge.
lmao, i stepd out the house and i see that they didnt send...re-sendn now
Lights Out
Skyblue hippie mobile blowing down jefferson st, wanting to meet THAT groovy driver
silent?? Why cause I haven't been tweeting?? And my day has been super crazy busy.
Now I t-mobil. They say they have great signal. I think not. I only get two bars at our apartment.
You act like a bitch so dont start sayin stupid shit when i treat you like one...
followed :D would you follow for me? she follows back!
please stop hitting that woman with a giant crab claw. The man just keeps walking...it's still not funny the 100th time.
"The plan was to drink until the pain over. What's worse, the pain or the hangover?"
My are in the Playoffs! Way to go boys!
What a 9-Year-Old Can Teach You About Selling
Live from the Amy Senser hit and run trial on KSTP-TV at 5pm. Mark Albert's been in the courtroom all day. His live report at 5.
Great case today on in Innov class. Fascinating also from the #CSN11 perspective. Thx to founder for joining us!
already following!:)
Oh, LOVE Sugar House. We need to stop talking about this. I shoulda been born rich instead of beautiful.
yes it is lol
#Nashville: Who is going to see and at this Tuesday?
Tired of stuff going on behind my back
Is the Ustream #igniteSmithsonian feed spotty for anyone else?
shes a britney griner I'm sure. dude playin women's sports
To get something you have never had you have to do something you have never done
Happy Birthday to my big sis you the shit!!!
does anyone have more cashes at #LAPC this year than John Clancy? 5 including still in the Eternament
Be there #Chicago! “: Bouncing some brand new originals to drop at tonight, don't miss it!”
It's an 80 music type of morning. Today is goin to be a good day
Final prep for #12NTC. Headed to the airport with in a few. My expectations are high for
Free Free Free Free Free Free Free
Snl will never be better than last nights episode and especially manning's "thats how I throw a grenade" moment!
would love to know from bands...do you write lyrics first or music first? Does it just depend on the song? some musicians prob have rules
The is the second best board game ever invented! (Second only to chess.)
Run the ball bruce.
New York Times Headline Tomorrow "Huntsman the Communist as President?"
Love! Plz RT & Follow: : Stepped outside for my morning #meditation &felt the sensual morning dew grace my skin
Thanks for the follow, Roger! Happy Holidays to you!
let me get that email - you gon have to get a verse on this project
at rancho some girls phone went off & they invalidated the whole room. Kids at my school are a t t a c h e d to their phones.
RT : Advice of the Day RT : Keeping a message simple is the best way for an idea to spread.
farmer's market, classic car show, sprinkler park, bruchi's for dinner and major cuddle time all w/ my kiddo. This is the life!
So pumped for the move!
I'll drunk reply ;) lol JK. Have fun!!! :D
Lucky :( RT : Its awesome here ;p RT : Me too! :p RT : I wish I was in SA
#NeverShouldYouEver do something just becus everyone else is doing it. Be your own person, not a follower.
Epic Burger
where u at, island breeze?
damn.. You b havin some random ass tweets LOL
Just b/c someone appears "happy" does not mean they aren't at risk for suicide. Esp if that person has a history of attempts. Cont ...
Thanks! Exciting! :)
Just read that you've made the move to become a Hornet! Congratulations! Fear the Red!
Thank you to all who supported me...3rd place out a like 60 cats aint bad!.. L's Up Folks!..SALEM!!!..
i love that show and i MISSED IT. who do you hate?
then josh became skinny..
Watch Christian prepare a tropical dish perfect for lunch, dinner or your next bbq...Tomorrow (8/31) from 9-10a on SD Living, ch 6.
aye yo, I'll go pick you up, and we can play in da rain vato
#HowAboutWe legalizing gay marriage for the entire country
Gym time.
RT Dariese Gary is carrying us on his back!
Inspiration is everywhere in life. Have a wisdom eye.
We are cats with nine lives, deskining and refleshing the embryonic avenues of individual perpetuation.
hope it was fab! Let me know!!
cant hit em all Kobe, only most of them lol, take it home in 6
Are maybe she's a hooker so much goes on riding publicTranspo..NO thanks nasty hooker
important data point. RT : Tip: its free cone day at Haagen-Dazs
It's back! I rechecked after responding and there it was. So in a way, I think I have you to thank for bringing it back. ;)
Anyone want to go see Feist in Indy April 30th?
Great suggestion. Just added International Education (IIE) to the Organizations category.
Arrived in San Antonio for the
Oh , how I anxiously await our mornings!
Flight of Chen Guangcheng, Chinese Rights Lawyer, Thrills Dissidents Chen Guangcheng x2019;s rush for freedom from house arrest was made
She'll say some shit to change my mind LOL
Thanks for the RT
Its Mr. Olympia weekend and I'm pumped, headed out the the gym to pretend I'm competing for Mr.O. (BENCH HEAVY OR DON'T BENCH AT ALL)
I hear ya. I got a good hit last spring in southern Utah, but there's something about Uluru. It's a VERY old place.
i hate mondays<<<<<
AFC South Champs!
Ok celtics Rondo got a tripple double
check your messages
I just saw what my mentions looked like after that retweet. Holy cow.
Talking on the phone with Alyssa. God, I miss this girl. We met each other seven years ago and we're still best friends.
Yesterday I saw the Avengers! That movie was super awesome!!! I think I have a crush on Thor?? LOLOL!
Wishing you tons of fun and much success on the new series! If you're in it, I'll watch it religiously!
I love getting yelled by the poor girl at the mall. Her life sucks working on a Friday night!
i love u to death nut youbhavent had one yet... when it gonna happen
Thanks for the RT. The proposed beautification sounds wonderful. Side note: I may need that Georges on Fifth deal :)
stop on in and check them out! Let us know with any questions
Believe in your smellf.
why cant you just love me so i can feel beautiful
Blastoff just like Utley just did. www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
Steroid baby? Hahahaha Who would that be?
The funny thing about dream logic: I'd made the restaurant into an amphitheater and there was no chicken!
Hi Bobs! How are you? Heard you ran into little sister the other day.
Sweet Dreams Love U
*It Will Rain comes on the radio* "TURN IT UP!!! IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!!"
The game I'm interested in today is Memphis/New Orleans. If NO loses this or their final game, Portland stays at #6 against Dallas. Go Griz!
The entire intern corral has caught the bug. Don't panic it only last 5 days!
-Incredibly nerdy. Referral to the zeroth law. "...may not harm humanity, or, by inaction, allow humanity to come to harm."
Who is ready for it to be Friday already!? I know we are! Practice tonight! We will be working on another new song for the upcoming album!
I guess dreams don't come true..
you were amazing on rosie! we had a tiny desk concert on my iphone tonight while eating dinner...so proud! xox from sd!
pull over that ass is to fat from hire me in LA and let's be roommates? LA baby...12inches await u
you mean the Royal Wedding isn't more important than a tornado outbreak?
#English569 poetry team has approx. half a dozen narratives so far; waiting to hear from other two teams...
Thank You for the follow! I look forward to connecting with you.
It's been a while, but I used to find decent places by wandering down Penn. Ave (heading E/SE)...
Do your dog and cat get along well?
Im never gonna hold my head up high anymore
So done with this book...
Congrats to ! Lucky winner of a free pass to !
I hope not! That's what Ibwant to play!
I still can not do anything on my account, have reset password a couple of times hasn't worked. I had a hard doing this tweet.
RT Myth: Dark skin doesn't burn. (via )
hell yeah!! Ah!!! I would scream!! What if we were to like show him around the arena or place he plays at?!?!
not much time for hanging out unfortunately. I'll mostly be in interviews. You can be jealous of that if you want:)
you know you're having a bad night when there are mascara streaks all over your face
#CST is used by 4 million people. It provides a simple, easy to understand #diagnostic instrument
Lol what's that?
Having a very special day with amanda and lucas ;)
Can't sleep? Remember God is with you always, don't watch mindless TV read your bible, give Him time, and He will give you sleep.
A true angel. RT Amazing story right now about Rachel Beckwith.
Viewed an article on 's website & was told I have 20 free articles left. I'll never pay for an online subscription.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW.. SPREAD THE WORD.
for a tour.....wow.....what an environment.....fun!
lol which one?
7 years ago in NYC the day wasn't dissimilar from today's spring sunshine. & I had a picnic in the park. He proposed. I said yes :)
Can you go wrong with a sandwich? This is going to be fun. 30 Sandwiches in 30 Days... IT BEGINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Learning how to comp in #aftereffects is fun!!! Especially when it involves a gun!!
If looking to post links + a summary with image if story has one, the FB App RSS Grafitti works well for our client Fan Pages
When u come to Aventura Mall, pleaser wear a shirt or the police will kick you out.
stop up here for a drink when your done lol
Games for health
sadness! it sucks when phones die the minute your about to do something epic! :(
haha. Barnes I'm assuming? was ridiculous. What is he trying to accomplish by touching the ball and then grabbing the rim?
hahaha yes,I'll give it to you Tuesday!
#sljsummit10 Dr Snow: dedveloping all teachers as teachers of literacy is key solution to reading problems
You are a jackass. The matchup with D Rose would be laughable. Just like every other analyst, no one takes u seriously.
its a good way to find out what kind of dudes are just total misogynist wastes of time, though
Reminder: Register for Fri.'s User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro's myCampus Enterprise Edition portal. Email to sign up.
actually lol-ing
which one? :)
send me your names! ill write you a letter ! (:
Just tapped, Blue Mountain Estate Winesap Hard Apple Cider (replaces Bear Republic Brewing Racer 5 IPA)
“: On to the greatest race track in the world!!! I want this Indy 500!!!” It's almost May...we can't wait!
Man, they have the weirdest karaoke at Dinos.
oh I'm going still!
Wed slightly better, but can do either.
Lots of new stuff from DTA & Rogue Status in today (pics later)
Man If U Not Gonna Tell Me What I Did Then Get Off My Case...
Good for you! My head hangs in shame. Went out for beers w/ a friend in the afternoon and that was all she wrote!
ha ha! Is that your way of trying to get me back? :) “: it's a better good morning in CT :)”
#JennaMarblesTaughtMe The face.
That would be awesome!
So far so good. No April Fools shenanigans. Although, my dog, the Bease, just told me she's Keyser Söze. Strange.
Kofi jobbed to Primo in a match taped for WWE Superstars prior to
feels like a good day, felling like money just left up from da mint, brand new j's.
God bless you love
Another young innocent life lost to gunfire in less than a week...
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I ate too much. What's your excuse?
The drunk train back to Long Island? "the Long Island Tail Road"? Brilliant, #himym, brilliant.
Thanks!! I'm trying to up my game.
loves Sundays:) and counting down until vacation...8 days!
i am determined to see it -
Oh it's very MUCH my sport, but for me the hanging out with folks during the games are the BESTEST!!
Making great progress tonight on #TheRedRider. This will easily be our best film yet.
Tonight, VIA will be serving it up at the Milwaukee Wine Opener from 6 to 10. This great event benefits the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
yes it is!! Good morning to you! Have a great day!
Oh yeah, you know it, man! -Jared
Live Free or Try Hard
- trying to move & upgrade service for a week - no call back (hello Qwest - Comcast is too busy to take my money, want some?)
When we suffocate who we truly are-for status or material things...we do our lives & spirit the greatest disservice.- Jill Scott
maybe we can talk. I would be willing to pay entry fees for to represent.
Will you pretty pretty pretty please sign a jersey for me?
HT Obama:Everyone who tells you that America is in decline or its influence has waned DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT
I still lick the cake batter off of spoons and bowls:)
Celebrating Karyn Calabrese's 65th bday in style at her restaurant on Green st in Chicago! Good times and great people!
Hello. How are you tonight?
VINNY I LOVE YOU!!!<U+2665>
it was cool to see it fly by. It would be cooler knowing another one is en route to space.
any word on favre?
yeah to bad i liv ein chicago and couldnt come :( but im happy 4 the pple that did get to c him
you should make a video soon
On Sunday the #LiamPayneChallenge is a go (; not using a spoon all next week ;D
Sure. Could be there at 3:30ish
Wow! Bank of America
RT : I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way, so I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Just got reports of some intermittent outages on our website - we're looking into the issue but you should be able to access the site now.
*stumbles to the editing cave...it's dark in here*
That "I fail at life" moment when you're trying to pull up the covers and you punch yourself in the face.
Just rsvp'd!
Finally get to see tonight!!
Woot!! Me too! Love NUTS! =D (eating and being!)
's Freedom tells me to Tweet my stats, so voila: Blocked web for 210 min to work on novel rewrite. Will now waste 210 min online.
ha! For sure! Great to meet you! xo
Woo I'm getting selector back ! It's like radio Christmas.
geesh i hate english maybe if we didnt have so much work it would be a lot funner
Its time for a lil let my locks down and chill with something smooth!!..HM?
Definitely thinking work could be good for me today. I need to get out of my house.
i can #PrayForSnow but its kinda impossible to snow here...but nothing's impossible for Him so...
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true.
love you
If your talking shit about someone to me I'm probably not listening
I'm pretty sure Judge Joe Brown used to be a cartoon dog.
"I went into a McDonald's yesterday and said,"I'd like some fries."The girl at the counter said,"Would you like some fries with that?""JayL
Sale your tatoo art in our digital community...www.whoorli.com
I downloaded the audio book this weekend. I loved it!
Yes it was! I will admit I almost cried!
Why can players get suspended from missed violations but refs get defended for game changing missed calls.
hell no it's not!!
My legs hurt..chillin at mickie d's.
Got mistaken for a student here on campus this morning. Love it when that happens.
Good morning! Have a wonderful Sunday!
Thank you to B for encouraging me to listen (again) to The Wailin' Jennys. Holy amazing.
has a lot to say about Dallas--as one of the commenters noted. Restaurant week doesn't work in Dallas for a number of reasons.
About to go check out these Concert After Parties.
even if that were true.....um, what?
hah what'd I miss?!
at mcpherson square, major delays, no communication from metro as far as what to do or where to go. Great.
Thank YOU for being there for us, Bakes. RT Thanks to all the great Sharks fans who support this team thru thick and thin.
: A new facility with 6 brand spankin new Sand courts. Holy shit. I'm in volleyball heaven right meow. Life can't get any better.
A home aquaponics system allows you cultivate both fish and vegetables, bringing abundant food production to your backyard.
Somebody call my mama :-D who is that dude yo lol
why do you not answer. You get ticked when people do not answer you on your show, c'mon bud. I
See you on the roof tomorrow at 5:00 for a free BBQ. Let's break in the new grill!
... caught on. Anything with a 5 best or 10 worst has a great chance of going viral with the right content.
I sent Peter an email. When we get the mugs, I will take a picture of Rene and myself toasting you at the station. Thank U!
c'mon Jason bieber
We had some runways closed due to flooding which caused us to use alternate runways. Main runway is back open now.
I got a blige I got a whoopi but the big sighting is Mike Tyson. He is 8 rows back sucking in the linsanity
Just fell walking onto the bus.
You're welcome. Good luck with the book!
I love your egg
": If the pastor is too cool to be associated w kids, a generation later the kids will be too cool to attend his church!"
Where did my twit go?
is it true that shes a hoe?
It was a great weekend! You should come out and join us :)
You are a real Dick!
Two New Student Registrations in a row? It's like CHRISTMAS! So many excited new students. :)
does Seymour?
So now instead of going to school, I'm goin to work :)
about 9pm located on airline
One of the best feelings in the world is when you're hugging the person you love and they hug you back even tighter. ^_^
Exactly what I thought- I have 16 mortgages approved on short sales, & since FRI, 7 have just rec'd lienholder approval --> busy May ahead!
Just finished writing three stories about physician involvement in health care reform
Beertastic day yesterday. Woke up cleaned our whole place and now on to more hw. Six projects due this week and our wildlife field study!
The Joy of leadership is helping others succeed. – Roger Stilson
check out the HC EVENT and vote for homecoming court before midnight!! team Hannah Kay, Jackie, and Roman!!
Thank you! Sounds delicious!
RT : "Prosperity Paramount In 1929 Astrologers Forecast" (Dec 30, 1928 Utah newspaper)
Playoff discount ends tomorrow, Jan 31st! Up to $50 off camp tuition! Use Promo Code: Playoffs12
oh how nice...my feelings dont matter lol
#FollowFriday love to this great guys
*blushes* Aw, shucks. RT You guys do a great job.
Dear music, Thank you for being there for me in my times of need! [= My ears love you!!
Wait, which one?
Having a real voice makes it easier for folks to connect with you in Social Media
Lol I mean its 4:30am and I'm in Southfield still woke so yeah
It's time to celebrate the holidays with my Eiteljorg family! #happy as a clam :)
What should i do today???
We all love that kid who entertains the class by disrespecting the teacher but somehow "never" gets in trouble.
Big Bang Theory! Big Bang Theory! Big Bang Theory!
and bacon?
They pick on me for nothing
First full listen, #NowPlaying Four Hands, One Heart by and Larry Willis. Duets of piano and sax can be powerful when done well
RT : Kobe says he doesn't take offensive charges because he is fearful of injuring his back like Larry Bird and Pippen did.
I just took an awesome children's lit class at Vandy. How did you get started writing? Do you self-publish?
yeah, but it was a slip.
Welcome to the 21st century, guys. Cc:
girl. Its Ashley...remember me we use to go to functions together with bri walker lol. How are you?
What did Jesus say to the Cubs last time he was on Earth?..... “Don’t do anything til I get back.”
the d line better start stepping up and not give USF the first step off the line each time
#CanIBeHonestWithYou ? I think girls should be treated with 110% of respect (:
Dear #grizzlies I need yall to win this game 7, so please grind HARDER in the 2nd half.
Does anyone know of some good #foodallergy apps for kids available on #ipad or #nookcolor ??
With bells on! RT : Shameless season finale TONIGHT! be there or be square. Showtime. 9pm CST.
Join us today at Automation Alley for an educational presentation on fastening in the glazing industry. 2-4pm, rsvp 313-491-5040
alright, now I've got the munchies.
I want the Grizzlies to win so they can face the Spurs, then the Spurs can eliminate them like they did us last year.
Relay for life <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F>
btw I think I found a cutie for you ^.^
its all about that groooovee
I'll add mine - Happy Anniversary!
Damm that sucks!
May 25. Luckily I'm feeling crappy enough I think I have no choice but to relax in the recliner.
I would love it if I never heard nicki minaj's voice ever again
I leave the pussy Microsoft like windows vista
It's a wet, rainy morning in #LA. What #music are you guys listening to today?
The Lord is good to those who hope in him, to those who seek him. It is good to wait quietly for the Lord to serve. Lamentations 3:25-26
cos you secretly watch it ALL the time. while wearing a tux.
Call me a safe bet, Im betting im not.
More animals sick & dying at the Albuquerque biopark. We should examine our captivity system of wild animals here in the Duke City.
It's my one year today at FOX6! I hope this upcoming year is as great as the first one!
Cant lie, it appears Skip really messed up here. I’m anxiously awaiting his explanation. But 1 thing's for sure – Jalen Rose sux
: Hope that helps. In the meantime, it's well understood that you have a hard time valuing opinions correctly. Good luck with it.
At soccer game losing 7-0. God help this team.
The awkward moment when you're stretching, and the teacher thought you were raising your hand.
I personally paid for everything for you dealing with prom and you're still complaining ? #ungrateful smh
Attend `Green Expo & Talks`on 22 Feb, do effective networking, Free RSVP@ www.meetup.com/NY-Association-of-Green-Professionals-NYAGP/
The should have a cake walk to the conference finals!
isn't all sex simultaneous?
sorry, TMZ, but I need to confirm celebrity deaths with a second source. also, Clark wasn't on my Dead Pool list for April.
Not windy enough for sailing today :(
WHAT!!!!! are you there!??? WHY IS HE IN EVERETT of all places?????
Just finished my 2nd 529 for Tim. A huge weight off my shoulders! I had to think about it all Spring Break.
#DailyRebellion: Use your outside voice inside.
If you think I'm taking summer classes you need to be drug tested...
Let's go pacers. Hoping for a Indiana vs Philly eastern conference final. Can't wait for the pg matchup tonight cp3 vs Tony p. Who you like?
Sniff, sniff. What is this thing anyway? A craft fair? explained it to me twice.
regular seeing it in 3d next.week
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -Thomas Jefferson
That was nice of them to let Greg Oden sit with the team.
: When a girl says "whatever", she really means: "I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, and then get eaten by a shark!"
So good to see last evening. So excited for his new adventure.
Lol I love when people complain at what i tweet, and then I click on their name and see that theyre following me. Haha makes no sense.
Back to Jacksonville ! Bye Orlando #fuck this drive
Hello ! Thanks for following. We're exciting to share news and stories with you!
where's the link money foooooo?? lol
#ilookforward to THE WEEKEND :)
Whenever I think of May the Fourth, I think of
This is what studying does to you. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
#itsalwaystheuglygirls - Wow, it's this really trending? Society doesn't realize how detrimental it can be.
Come start off 2012 right at our New Years Eve Event at Society Nightclub.
I've got it on firefox. Maybe it's something with the settings.
Wow. Crockpot Beer BBQ Chicken smells delicious! Maybe make it a beer night with beer bread & cheddar ale mac & cheese... Hm.
WOW...I voted for Brady! Oh well.
Still no bath?
So far not so good. Wind is kicking the heck out of the Sierra's and I80 is closed at Applegate. Auburn is the refuge.
As part of #TeamFire we would love to thank each & everyone that has been a support to the backbone of our projects! Making it #Epic!
India Trip Fact #2: 26.1% of India's population falls below the poverty line.
The writing was on the wall. Peyton Manning made the Colts what they are today and will always be remembered for that.
And maybe
Continued safe travels! Keep up the fantastic work!
That time when you're checking TripIt from a cab stuck in traffic hoping your flight is delayed in your favor for once.
Seriously if Ron Paul would just hire Sean Paul to write a song for him he'd be so in.
The tweet I just read >>>>>>>> AMEN
Also u know when u wanna be part of the popular crowd just be ur self and talk to them and if yall r tight hang out u know do stuff u bothdo
Stoked for the amount of love everyone is showing the band! I can't wait to get working on new stuff!
You're the perfect platform for this kind of media storm, young IT guy, family man, escaped the rat race for peace, then this
Create in me a clean heart, O God. Renew a loyal spirit within me. (Psalm 51:10 NLT)
Coming up at 7:15 - Our financial expert, Alison Gilman Aquino will be here to talk about Social Security costs
Gerard Butler: Surfing Mishap Filming 'Of Men and Mavericks' - Just Jared
Training Rocky Balboa style with a beard in the woods. He don't need no stinking training facilities.
Registry ideas: all are welcome to create registries; if you have info share for safe harbor (or other benefits)
U Pitt: Bomb threats at 8 buildings so far today. Usually only 5-6. Evacuations day and night. How much longer?
EndNote Web's temporary citations don't have a RefID and use the title instead. That might have an effect.
how old r you
Happy Birthday to ! Best & most inspirational manager I've ever been around. His positive attitude is a joy to be around.
Accenture...I'm actually looking for my next project and one of the guys wanted to know why he should staff me
Those in #WIunion #Wisconsin are brilliant people! Those in shadowy hall ways and secret rooms, can't change that. Good Light goes
At house with going to watch the Grammys <U+E415>
U know I will wait 4 U
barstoolll barstooollll get hype get hype
One week until it's light out when I get home from work!
Boom indeed. I like it!
Enjoys helping his people :)
#Zombie walk in Shelbyville Indiana near #Indy this Saturday at 5 pm! Please RT!
Drinks this weekend on Janet from Pinellas Park, she just racked in 350 bucks playing #BeatTheBuzzer! Way to go girl!
did your hand hurt after singing 500 posters?
you happen to remember a "Nate Erickson?" i have a Christian Rap radio show now - and will be playing your music! God bless!
the feeling is mutual!
I wanna go to the zoo
honestly, think of this as income -- good advice dr.sun
Who else's facebook just got changed into Timeline this week??
Getting excited about the next opening which will feature Lauren Klotzman. Oh boy!
We seriously need a hardware upgrade at work. It's like FOX is purposely trying to harsh my work zen.
Pray for parents. Children of parents who are isolated or lack essential resources are at higher risk for abuse and neglect.
That sucks!
beans grow fast :)
I'm not a hot girl.
Morning tweetie pies ;-)
Hear there's a free uninstructed model painting workshop, Wed eve - Glendale, CA One time only. DM for details,
Kristen Stewart does fit the description of Anastasia perfectly
Found out my new friend is pretty cool. I think I wanna find out a little more.
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #4DAYS :-D 11
Twitter is oversatuated with spambots now. I look for real people who I find interesting. you fell into that category.
Got my phone call for the night, & my letter. I'm good now <3
whatever floats your boat lol
just went to the library and got the the whole series of encyclopedias, its going to be great when i stack them up for a fort
ok gurl hope things work out so you can come you never know by august look at big moon 2nite it might bring u good luck!
Congrats, Sir!
Awesome show at WildFlower Festival last night! Thanks to all who came out to hear us! More great music this weekend. Come out if you can!
Life never fails to give you bullsh**. You gotta deal with it and dust it off for more bullsh** about to come.
"I bought these gloves from a mexican drug dealer" Today's Funniest Remodeled Quote
that's not coffee! That's an ice-cream shake. :-)
pretty bad article mike
Also, Tommy (raised on a farm) observed a peer's project on toddler pageants, shook his head and said "That's why I stopped showing goats."
So ready to go to my uncles and eat food.
Partaking in what we've endearingly termed "slutty breakfast"
Justin bieber says swag too much in his new song #boyfriend #loveittho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I can't even get the kid to drink a coke! I'll go ahead and take his drink though :-)
If you think you can do a thing or that you cannot do a thing, in either case you are right
Every one follow my new account >>> PLEASE RT!
this worries me slightly.
all the junk food talk-we had sheet pizza and wings for the ncaa game :)
On my way to #chinaplas in Guangzhou ... And I'm upgraded...sweet
I agree. Tons of issues w college. Seasoning in D-League or overseas is an option; at least $ can be earned via those routes
Seriously J-Lo, how much money do you need? Commercials for cars, hair products, a clothing line & now your selling tvs & speakers?
Life after death is as improbable as sex after marriage.
Love you tew!
I only ask because I am so clod.
good love <3
Someone hand him some water..... Smh da
if you haven't jammed to tsp yet you're doing it wrong.
Sending off your Say-n-Play today - Can't wait to see what you both think! :)
Fair enough. I just feel like there isn't currently a lot of discovery of cool new stuff in
How is my baby? i hope he is ok....
Bullet chase scene #1 in my book, Bourne chase scene was good though.
I did that just for you :)
Now it's 100% Kyrie Irving time if anyone else takes this last shot may god have mercy on their souls
Twitter is getting a little gross right now....
Feeling Famous and I'm good now ! LOL
Unlock your shit ass wipe so i can retweet your shit lol
-I'm sexy -By who's definition? Lmao
#pilgf Wish every school board and admin can see & hear Showing examples of using social media is imperative for education.
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. ~ Walt Disney
MeRT : Baseball players...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
RT : Geeking Out with Evernote: The Photo Gallery: In the nearly five years since we started Xconomy, I've looked for......
Shavua tov umevorechet! B"H. All is good in the Holy Capital. You and the Shining City?
JAMMIN THE FUCK OUTTA ONE NOTE AND JUST WAHHING YUP THATS MY SOLO
okay, follow me so i can DM you?
Early day on the 22. Wrapped and enjoying a cold one at home. Life is good. Everyone have a super weekend. Go on. Get started...
Women and camo? Deal or no deal?
You can find it on #Youtube RT : have not seen it yet!
In 2030 we will look back and talk about the #EDM era just like we talk about the 1970 disco era
The #Darfur conflict has fallen off the international conflict radar via #NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton
I meant that MSM needs to know why they shouldn't link to him in general. I think that's more important.
Altima went through the car wash and there is still yellow paint all over it!
Looks like I'm finally going to get the data back today from my old laptop, which means I can resume work on my poetry detection algorithm!
im made it home safe call me when the game go off
are you here today?
Go Juliet!!!!! You need to stay! :D
Watching Lana Del Rey on SNL and wondering... Why the hell does she have a career?!?
She should not be able to capitalize in any way during this time
Tampa! However, in Atlanta working on a jazz project...
me too please ;)
hahahaha I think that's one of the funniest things I've heard/read all day
Studying for ms. K's final is tortuous
Too cute :) this tweet made me smile!
PIZZASUB is finally here! No longer must I make the agonizing decision between Pizza and Sub,
From the email: "separating amateurs from pros"? It's almost like pricing separates big who can afford it from small who can't
No matter how many times I try to get into Big Star, it just doesn't happen. Is there something wrong with me?
Nobody cares.
ive been trying to retweet to give you some credit for the info :)
#BaltimoreTrip Great Taxi service in Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality.
I've wondered forever why there are not tons of accidents on that ramp. It's a heart racer.
She and her boyfriend were gonna get married....... He's torn...
and with that last reply (refer to the tweet below on my stream) I have officially made it!
define purposefully misread, please.
RT : Visit our new Learn with Google site. Watch videos & read lessons on how to start, market, & run your business online:...
Giving some strong thought to ditching my #facebook account. Today could be the day.
tickets aren't going on sale next week, only the tour dates are being released. if you live in the U.S, tickets go on sale in june. ~
"it's true, you are a good woman. Then again you may be the antichrist."
Parents when we walk in covenant with God we don't have to worry about our children.
Yeah. I got a habit
I hate growing up in today's society. It's so corrupt and warped. Everyone is corrupt and warped.
Hot girls have problems too, we're just like you, except we're hot.
Hopefully the #Cowboys have revamped defense after the
ight I'm down
oh my grande ikr! & they're so kind to each other. i wish me and my sis have that special bond like what Ari & Frankie has<U+2665>
The goths are dancing. you done good.
we love buck! and we also love buffy! we can't decide they're both so funny!
Ma'am I need you to explain the stream of consciousness that took u from Wilson Phillips to yeast infections. lol
Wow Meg Crofton's title is quite a bit longer after the last year.
Depends...I sub mix everything down to a 2 channel Mbox from digidesign. Works great! -rob
u lucky im outta town or ida been pissed
24 days left of school
Things I Hate. The guitar play that adjusts his amp the whole set and dudes wearing to many laminates.Stop it.
Practice for Easter at church! :)))
Lovely:) I like ur sound.
Thanks Teresa for sharing Jenna's post! Hope it helped :-)
What the hell is Tumbling ? I done seen people on twitter doing it but i dont know what it is ! LMFAOOOOOOOO
I'll be praying for you.
I'm killing this niggers that's a scary sight
LOL. While I do like the silent types they can make u nervous! However the overtalkative 1's are always entertaining to be around!
SON #1: Do you have a headache, Mama? ME: Mmmhmmm. SON #2: Is it 'cause we're loud, rowdy boys? #WellKindaDarlin'
tomorrow but it's a long story. :( yes he gave me my shirt. Thanks.
Follow Customized Exercise with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
#ConfessionNight i still have strong feelings for oomf !
where you gonna be tonight?
Shouldn't have fallen for the fool's gold
Can it really be so serious?
Terry Foster you're cracking me up. Nothin wrong with Downriver girls. We're ALWAYS down!
I love this weather.
Got pulled over for the first time tonight...
Im laying the smackieth down on Randy Orton
And you are so super cool and down-to-earth to even read & respond to my lil raggedy tweets! Lol
I think I've said "I could be at the Spurs game" probably like 37 times in class so far. Lol
lmao, who picked this guy? I am already falling asleep.
She doesn't have permission to speak to me anymore.
is awesome! Nice work. 5 puppies? Oh my! Sounds like a lot of work. You are a good mommy.
You can't get a cup of tea big enough or a book long enough to suit me. C. S. Lewis
Thanks for joining, and for spreading the word!
I hope your day is going alright! WE ALL LOVE YOU!
you need a job and a drivers license
On my way to Vegas. Something tells me I won't be getting a lot of sleep.
Preproduction for Around Town episode on auditions here next wk...anyone planning to audition and want to chat on camera?
Thank you for following me! I'm trying to reach out to many strong believers in Christ to help support me in my racing career! :)
You are right!
Back in the homeland. Welcome to Milwaukee.
last day of school! Woo-hoo!
Never Loose Sleep Over Something That Isn't Worth Staying Awake For..
With how crappy the Lakers've been on the road, it's hard to get hyped over a home blowout of a fellow middling team like the Blazers.
Oh Lisa. I thought of that as soon as I heard. I can't believe you remembered too. RIP Adam!
never told me the important thing she needed to tell me.
Look at you and your 15 followers hahahaha. I got you beat by 1485 ;)
B A R B A R A shoots with Robert Maxwell Today!
Thanks for tellin people to follow me
Thanks for the RT!
"some stupid quote your relating to"
follow me
Rumor Baxter and Dexter might be at dungeons opening night?????
Ok boys...2 more innings to get these bums....let's go!!!
When Mr,Sralla started using "Teen Slang" and referred to as some one as that slut Sally xD
My Klout score is more than I get paid
m starb, I'm addicted
JESUS! omgogmg i caught u once & you caught me once! ithink? ohlawdjesusss
Enjoying #NationalTrainDay? Fun stuff at from 12-3:30 such as stamp collecting, railway mail sorting, & more!
Im proud of Nicki minaj video wit chris breezy I always say dont give a b#tch chance to talk about U, dats wut she did now she good
tried FB? We'll be there in mid/late May but those dates aren't posted just yet! Tmrrw I think!
break legs man!
whats in the inside
RT Great visit there recently. Great hotel -> Join me in celebrating HotelCheval Paso's only downtown luxury hotel
oh yeah, its been really nice so far
No problem! Hope to catch up with you again soon for more than 2 minutes.
There's now a chance Kansas will be known for something other than nothing.
Romney's "I'll take a lot of credit" is far worse than Al Gore's lines that got him clowned. He shd be laughed off every podium he steps to
Mobile tech lab pulling up to the back door.
I hate the doctor. And the dentist. And anyone else that tries to help me.
Thanks, I had trouble getting your website to load???
A wise man once told me it was gone be days like this.....
cant wait for tommorrow, cause I get fiercer everyday!!!!!!
feel better Justin
why do we have emotions?
Man, does have balls like Casaba melons or what?
me too!
Drink Green Beer!
To learn more about Brian and how to connect with him, read his bio
Sodeman and Holtgraver will start on the front row of tonight's feature, Ellenberger fourth and tenth.
Worked out a little.. biked the Sawyer to work.. walked the dog. Now for some relaxing on a Sunday
followed back.
I'm with my GF and her brother haha (:
Congressional Candidates in IN, NC, WV, ID, NE, OR, AR, KY have 2 more days to fill out the Political Courage Test. Tell ur congressman!
i concur
Kiddo on class field trip. Quote, "I know it's about boring history, but this teacher in my school likes it a lot, so we're going." :-)
any word on that hall?
Why do people have to be so stupid?
“: here's to the kids who get called the worst names ever but don't give a fuuuck.” story of my life..
Please dont die!
It takes thousands of tiny gestures of affection to win someone's love so don't let a few bad gestures ruin it. Love requires perseverance.
Awesome! Please blog about it on edjewcon site :) RT : Presented #edJEWcon ideas to faculty. They clapped! We are on our way!
Looks that way...
ok i have... i don't know how many @ to reply
Come on Friday, let's have done with it!
Okay good night
what up bro! Did you make it to the Drizzy concert? It was sick!
There are many kinds of smarts. EQ vs IQ. Book vs common sense Teaching is a calling.
I get mini heart attacks if i don't feel my phone in my pocket :c
Up late... a sleepless night of arbitrary web browsing.
We're live-tweeting the #CMSgala tonight - we'd love to see and hear about the event from your viewpoint as well!
Photo's with Santa are just $3 during Christmas at Garfield. Dec 10, 10am-1pm.
I glad you like the studio. its a great place to record
BOYFRIEND IS AMAZING. Nuff' said. <3
Did anyone get their tree of the weekend?
Where there is Love there is Life -Gandhi
I heart my sister.
please follow me<U+2665><U+2665>
I won't hold a breath for an answer!
I am from Spain haha. You?
Good morning!!
I'd give any besides cain and kennedy for castro
#Shoutout , thanks for the follow, would love to see some of ur dances!...God Bless
I wish everyone was like you
Thanks for the hospitality brotha! Really enjoyed myself. Let's do it again! Shootout to for enhancing the trip!
Are you taking the SLUT home?
Still not ginger.
Great flight of Indigenous varieties. I would have loved to see things like Frapatto, Rosso Piceno, Teroldego..
haha that's funny. She use it?
I highly dislike that film. Seeing Eli Roth get killed on the shitter was cool.
it's seriously like a disease here on GA
YouTube is great for this stuff, but don't worry it won't happen overnight! Just make more and more :)
Don't Miss An All New Episode of The Ultimate Fighter Live Tonight on FX
SF_CraigsList music inst shoppers: Lookout 4 my sea-green rick bass, juno 60, reverend chrome guitar & yamaha bass. House robbed. Family=OK
Lovely meal at yesterday - Perry St. Je t'aime tea was perfect for a snowy night in NYC.
thank you Jenna Fischer: success in show business = when opportunity meets readiness.
Runner Up: Boulder, Raleigh (NC), Greenville (SC), Boise, Omaha, Oklahoma City, Denver, Portland, Seattle
About to have a Falling Down moment!
i'm definantly coming to get it
What's that recipe for strawberry limoncello recipe from ? I have some from Cinque Terre that I want to try.
See you at San Diego Airport May 22nd? Sound good?
I hate cooking shows
Let's see how many bots I can attract with this tweet.
Give me Kevin Love anyway. Take Metta away from me everyday
Wow! Summer rainstorm.
Autobiography of Malcom X
I did not have the little dude today, but he's with me now while his Mum and Dad are off to see The Avengers. :)
lol oo trust me I know but no one has a mother like mines she will argue even after the fact
#PennState Read the news. Paterno knew about allegations just as your ex-president did. Both lucky not to be indicted.
Biggest dork on the planet
I ment A LOT of money 2-nite, should probably lay low the next two weeks to make up for it.
Hey guys, like our facebook page and we'll like yours back! :)
I miss AutoVaughn.
Almost getting hit by a car
Thanks, doll, you're the sweetest. Not sad, just annoyed. (Txting you during Sherlock is almost enough for me to get a phone :)
Initially, I questioned my desire for true fairness. But Gregory's "Meet the Press" is no longer about fairness.
There is a crying baby on every flight. WITHOUT FAIL. Please god,
i know
Braving the weather and going to see Homegrown Electric Circus @ Comedy Sportz
Welcome to all of our new followers! For those in Chicago, hope to see you at the next likemind on June 19!
MT : Does it strike anyone else that our ROE in Afghanistan is more restrictive than for civilians in Florida now?
This time next week I will be hours away from #ATL on a 4-day drive to #PDX. Woot!
Hoping everyone is safe after this weekend & the CCD's are keeping everyone in our prayers who are dealing with these wild fires!
Can't believe I'm joining something else!!! Urgh
Needless to say, we'll keep an eye on the weather.
If the 9news pool wins, there may not be a 9News tomorrow.
Friend of guy-I-knocked-the-F-out-of-the-tourney: "Have a safe trip home" when he knocked ME out with an ace high. Karma? No, corny comeback
yeah ticketmaster is sold out! The tix went on sale at 10am and I went on at 10:03 and they were gone. Prob cuz ppl dis presal ...
is doing a news "mixtape" of business and football. If you could work in a chocolate mention, I'd be all set.
Sesamin is now in our improved Sealogix Fish Oil formula - bye, bye fatty!
As far as I'm concerned, I'm not concerned
Meet me in the bathroom i fuck her while the water runnin
Sad about Macho Man Savage ;-(
Welcome to the newest member of the 2012 season: #22 - Tara Premenko (NEW) Next?
I see you're getting the hang of twitter.
yes I feel you!
Aw damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
See you in Coimbra!
Trust me, when you have to listen to Mickey Mouse Clubhouse for 3 hours straight it's pretty much the best thing ever.
Second masters crucial to career path I've chosen. Don't think it's mandatory, depends on career goals.
your wish is my command.
Follow Me please?
no way, you're polyamaris and want to have sex with me and my girlfriend?
Man, its nice to wake up knowing you have 4 days off.
RT : 2 years ago today, a good friend and an amazing drummer passed away. Miss you Jimmy. foREVer.
Street magic at the mall:)
With graduations coming up, think about a candy flower arrangement for that special graduate!!
Lmfaoo ": #PartyMemories TIN MAN going HAM "
I really like this girls outfit
Mother's Day Call number 1. Begin.
Thanks George for the like!
I like THE EXORCIST although it scares the living HELL out of me to this very day!!!
Any word of WKU looking to get into C-USA if proposed MWC merger falls apart?
Ed Sheeran. Conan. Let me cry.
I have a feeling today is going to be a "making license plates" sort of day.
"…what we need…is seriously engaged art that can teach us again that we’re smart." - David Foster Wallace
Lmfao lady next to me said I need a Louis Vuitton suit case her words " oh honey you must have Lv suit case your outfit is way gorgeous "
Rangers Game!!
R I P to my nigga Lil Steve. Gone but not forgotten
Let us know if we can help! We have tons of scholarships on our website and we can totally pair you up with the best ones!
Morning all
hm (: your a model duh (:
We love u too!
Familia #TheSoulstice extended version coming soon!
We didn't play well but we got the job done that's all that matters at the end of the day
Studios may be good for recording, but they're also PERFECT for naps.
at the Fillmore last night was magic! Can't wait to see her again.
Alright...the weekend starts......NOW!!
I'll follow you back if you follow me :)
Front row Sunday for 4 Senior's finale...Check. Then Phoenix Tuesday for business...Check. #SayingGoodbye2JT&Snow
I had to report 3 accidents/problems today @ work. nbdoa
My sister knows every person that gets shot in Rancho Cordova. Yet she doesn't think she is hanging out with the wrong crowd at all
As life changes so do goals.
Finally put together my #wineweb list. (Been so freakin' busy!) Wine-n-webbers, y'all are welcome to follow my list. It'll grow.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. <U+2665> 11
Its written?
That's awesome! I love it.
fine, I just want anything of value. Kyle, you can have the cheap stuff.
My autobiography hasn't been written yet.
Nothing says "Love" like a perfectly brewed cup of Rao's brought to you in your favorite mug. Agree?
good idea
it's going to happen!!! #faith #redemption <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> where are you watching the game?
Taking my computer to the Apple Store tomorrow. This is ridiculous, my macbook battery shuts down every 20-30mins maximum!
elk #s don't seem to be affected by wolves to me. Have you checked? F&G seems to issue large # elk tags. Poor management?
Thanks Moms. :)
Thanks! We appreciate the support, both on the court and in the classroom.
me niether! Trying to figure it out haha tomorrow hopefully!(:
what do i know of holy?.. <3
actually that just linked 2 Google. But I Googled. So earth is a giant baseball, right?
sending good thoughts
I'm learning photography for/at work!! Shooting with a Canon DSLR- any beginner's sites or books you recommend?
Happiness is when your boss says something funny! :D
Thanks for sharing great clip & alot of truth with the role reversal standard(Deion instead of Pilar)
Special party for Nellis AIr Force Base's RED HORSE SQUADRON & families and six-month deployment #military 11pm
Finally got my phone!
Join , , and me for a panel discussion on the changing role of systems librarians E205
Akon - I just had sex.
Dawkins admits he thought Denver would have snow all the time. Lives that he was wrong. Says he loves golf - look for him.
Anything new out here?
Yes!! RT : Hearing that Pac-12 tourney headed to MGM Grand Garden starting '13. announcement expected next Tuesday
RT : I hate being Bipolar. It's fantastic.
Hansen says I deserve that for my stupid tweet. "Goober."
Thanks. We had a great time!
Either the Caps began with a 1 point handicap or I missed something in the first 30 seconds...
enjoyed them muchly! Thanks!
I'm coming to LA Feb 17-19. Any suggestions on comedy shows that weekend?
Yes we are having campus-wide network issues. IT is working on it, thx for your patience!
hahaha T and B
the yellow-lined screen of death!
explain why I can watch Ohio high school football and seton hall bball in HD but UK basketball isn't shown in HD on FSSouth?
Hahahaha! I think I'll be watching this game sometime tomorrow morning.
A number of popular sports movies have been filmed in Indiana including Rudy, Hoosiers, A League of their Own, and Breaking Away.
Amen, I was literally pulling my hair out!!
Sounds lovely... : Don't forget Blush 3rd ward does services on Monday! It's the only day we offer our 30 min facial for $30
Ah my mom nd dad got divorced nd my dad went to england to start a new life
i do have a collection of books that talk about the different elements! Ill get them together for ya!!!
Wheels is an underrated song! Already looking forward to their next album
That was supposed to be, "So glad you liked us!"
u can check my YouTube look up juliusvevo sweetie
I think the thing I like most about you is that I can always count on you to be more pissed off than I am, at all times.
thunderstorm for like the 3rd night in a row :D
all you have to do is show them what they think they want to see, and then they’ll fill in the blanks
A day left of vacation and then back to the grind. Reports from Las Vegas coming soon.
I hope it pays for some tea and crumpets for craft services. lol
Hetalia is a surprisingly cute anime!
tweeting it up from 30,000 feet up.
#Tito should have been the #Sox manager for life...
My nigga I'm faded
how did you fair in your racquetball games? how long have you been playing?
Oracle Announces Oracle Utilities Customer Self Service
Everyone will see your wall. :)
Ok peeps everyone knows I'm a big oyster fan n my fab is #Drago's so my coworkers dragged me 2 #ACME oyster house 2 try somethin new:-)
go AMD X4 Based performance for the buck! and radeon 4870X2 cheap now powerful.
Hi everyone! (:
CBEADLES FACT: Christian has never had a girlfriend he admitted that he has never been good with the ladies
never thought huge was part of it. thought we just emphasized JACK like a bunch of JACKasses
I think I see Jesus in those french fries
hope you better
I aint went this hard since i was 18.!
that's what I did. I went back and learned everything I could.
#njdevils. Are shaking.3rd period is the most important right now #flapanthers. You can do it! Defense and attack!!!
traveling for work and can't pull it up on iPad. Happy to rely on your tweets.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
give me a shout out an ill give one back
Don’t be a statistic. The average American gains 3-7 lbs. during holidays. @ Q G, folks LOSE wt! Its no secret. For more info quickgymcs.com
Awesome stuff, !
of course. 'tis almost time for diving. :-)
YAY!!!!!!! My voice lessons weren't in vain!!
omg, I CANNOT WAIT to go to ' concert, it will be LIFE
Excited for you !
Wow. Google has amazing tv spots.
I wondered what happened to Billy Callahan after coaching the Badgers, Raiders and Cornhuskers.
that would be awesome, esp as all I can see from my office are the microforms.
That play by Gamel
How do you block someone who is following you on twitter? They have not referenced me in a post, but I do not want them to follow me. Thx!
wat if i kissed u right now...
u singing tonight song bird? lmao
That moment when you come home to an empty Tampico carton after craving it ALL DAY! Bummer!
Sunshine in seattle just can't be beat. Sunny, cold and crisp - what a gorgeous day! It helps remind Seattlites why we love it here.
Everyone go on Teenchoiceawards.com and vote for Jared Padalecki for Actor Fantasy/ sci-fi, and Supernatural for Fantasy/ Sci- Fi! DO IT! (:
salgo de mi BOLD al milisegundo siguiente “: Que opinan si el BlackBerry Messenger llegara a el iPhone o Android?”
New Ideas, New Markets, New Insights.
what ever happened to Corey and Eric's Sister in Boy Meets World like they just forgot about her
and today he was looking outside and i turned to look at him and he looked at me at the same time, lol i'm such a nerd
true multi-tasking
that shit clap bra i gotta slap it twice everyime
wow oh wow! how do u do it?? i can barely shower and eat now that i'm home with my baby!
right Titan won
Any college students developing on SimpleGeo? Give us a buzz: andrew [at] simplegeo.com
I have to go hide off Twitter now so I don't get spoiled for the Ladies Free Skate
I miss Bmore but I Love it!
Love your photo!
Emergency vehicles heading to a reported injury crash in #ForestGrove on Pacific Ave at Quince.
#AskDerulo can I be in your next video
Loving one full hour!
The ending of school. Gets closer and closer
The Murder of of Another Black Man Troy Davis in Atlanta Georgia Killed By States Rights !
I live in my own little world, but it's ok they know me here.
: thanks for the hospitality!
It's nice out, driving home topless.
Black Mamba played out of his mind tonight!
which means I start every morning as a monster...maybe even a zombie
Millennial librarian wearing quirky color/pattern contrast
Eat or Sleep!!
omg! Of course:D tht boy could shave his head completely and still be beautiful!!!
I'm never good enough for my mom... I really try but she never seems satisfied. So much for a
2 Audition Day!
When "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go" hit #1 on the pop charts?
Once Novak crosses halfcourt you can consider him open.
okay. well my phone is gay af. so twitter from comp it is
but I like their music videos.
ooh, I was soo looking forward to watching it <3
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY HOUR!
Does she love me? (:
I hate sleeping my days away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Jim, come see us at RalsConf (assume that is reason behind Austin stop). Love to catch up.
This could not be a better tribute
Thank you so much! Have a great one as well!!!
I bought BN and it says that it wasn't compiled correctly
just wait until you get to know me better, I am pretty awesome...just sayin...awesome people get demanding
next weekend is going be everything
Emerging growth companies will have more freedom in seeking accredited investors. The crowdsourcing part of the legislation may work for sm…
Christmas music and hot chocolate makes #grading so much more bearable!
So you're telling me all I have to do is be famous and then when I die, people won't care about how much of a scum bag I was?
catching up with old friends >
You listen to much Mike Gordon from Phish, Stefan?
Just posted a track from youtube on my Facebook.. love ya style girl..
Can't sleep knowing that my Grandma Millie is gone forever. Went to the wake tonight and it was so sad </3 I miss you
The Hunger Games book is amazing...
I wonder what snail food actually taste like....BLEH (echos)
Dick Codey went in for a hug once and I yelled NO a little too loudly. Hurt his feelings:(
ya never know at a Steelers game! ;-)
Thanks #Bestie, I think I'm putting in about 50 hours a week!
NO you didn't win! What are you thinking?! The McKay-Beadles team schooled you...I can't believe you thought you had a chance
Canadian illusionist Erix Logan, fluent in French and Italian, works mainly in Europe where he appears frequently on TV, See him on YouTube.
What is it about Catholic school that attracts the wierdest looking guys? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
True life: I just requested billy joel at a frat party
Green Bay goes on 4-0 run to end first half. Big run for this low scoring game, lead Butler 25-21 at half.
My family and I just put up our christmas tree. I love this time of year!
BC is the best! I loved it, I'm sure you will too.
Why am I still awake? Gotta wake up in 5 hours!!!
whenever I play Elliott Smith she comes upstairs and makes sure I haven't slit my wrists in the bathtub.
Latin as in liturgical monk music, I hope.
That's kinda my point. U can return a book to any SD branch so even if they started with 10 copies, u might not find one.
Followed you have a beautiful soul I love you
Awesome! Thank so much!
Crispy roasted chickpeas are kind of like popcorn. Kind of.
Do what?
I can't promise you a perfect relationship, but what I can promise you is that as long as we're trying, I'm staying.
Lots happening! I just returned from Green Roofs 4 Healthy Cities conf. & we're crazy bidding & installing multiple projects before Dec 31
ANYBODY WHO TWEETS IM CLICKN ON YO SHIT N IF SAY U NOT FOLLOWIN ME ............. WELL U KNOW WAT DAT MEANS
Discussion going on in the office between and ... what to wear tomorrow in honor of
Who is going to see Marina Abramovic tonight? I'll be there.
Forget Retail: The B2B Applications of Foursquare
1 year 1 championship. All doubts and 1 result! Picked 11 of 12= #1! One for all and all for #Buffs!
going through. actually going into the studio in a few weeks to do my own take on that song. thanks again :) you're awesome.
Another ME thought; I kinda hated Liara in the first one. Thought she was just fan bait. A bit better in the second one
went home from school earlier. either my meds aren't working or....
All Hail the King!!!
All our mortal lives are set in danger and perplexity: one day to prosper, and the next -- who knows? When all is well, then look for rocks
I will notice. Lol
retweeting and stalking in parks, that's me.
Oh I didn't hear you when you said that haha ya last night. It was good!
Watching GHI now ^__^ love this show
gosh if i weren't in germany i would
“: I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color, but one day your going to need me to complete your picture"
I've had a total of 2 people sign my yearbook
i just found out she's tweeting a lot :)
and you whipped that ass too!!!
watching that was the best decision I've made all day. "Bond doesn't get the girl until the end of the movie"
A couple freelance meetings and errands today, then design, design, design.
yeah I text you back.. Thought u were just being rude by not responding lol Jk. But girl is insane
sometimes there is crying in baseball...gonna miss u so much! Congratulations
Quick draw! Call between now and 1pm and you'll be entered into a drawing for an overnight stay for two at the Priory: 888-621-6900
Anyone found a water bottle that you can actually fit your hand inside of to clean? I don't want to unscrew it and Nalgene isn't cutting it.
MT : Mkting already has standards for measurement. Why are we holding social to higher standards?
I'm up seeing my #restaurants & #Caterers in #Nederland & #Rollinsville #CO today.. gosh its a pretty drive! My wife requested a treat...
for what kind of subject?
oh well if you say he's hot....then he must be
I took English classes at Spelman as well. So many great authors and books help inform my worldview today.
Yours too. Omgee its so annoying -.-
Planning around taking care of kids is super hard sometimes I know.
just saw your question from April... If you would like some printed samples let me know.
thank you :)
Thanks for everyone who attended #SXspacepts with myself and ! Great conversation and input on effective space outreach!
so erm where is the boys' first concert on ther north american tourr?
We come away with a better sense of who we are, either by learning something new or believing more staunchly in what we already did.
Studying/Editing today...but first I need to get a nap after im off desk duty!
Ok... I'll try to get there early. Oh lord I'm scared!
MindMaple Inc. Launches Free Mind Mapping Software MindMaple Lite
A bowl of weedies.... Great way to start the day.
its 3am What the hell am I doin up? Lol
RT : 11 new Twitter accounts are made every second.
Lame fight, cant wait when dos santos fights brock
not going 2 happen if it'll cost their kid. i think this is a fundamentl contxt we operate in re:this issue, no?
First night @ the new house. Dont have much in it, but still
There's only one solution at the moment: I have to mull it over at the grocery store.
At least she remembers you.
"No, no Mom... the 80's new wave you started playing at 7:15A definitely didn't wake me..."
wanna go boating meow
I think it's takashi saito's turn to break a rib playing basketball and be out a month
watch our videos (;
You can never have enough cords and adapters. I'm stocking up.
Dedicated to the winners and the losers , dedicated to all jeeps and land cruisers.
I went to an Asian market today and saw fake shark fin for sale. Unfortunately for any vegetarians, it was made of gelatin.
": really happy today :D Avocado is my new fave vegetable :) x"
Happy Birthday. <wookie yell>
I spend most of my time on #TWITTER than
Your tweets every morning are like shots of expresso! They get me up & going! RT “: in the end is where the race is won! #TGIF!”
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include being more attractive. What motivates you?
congratulations! We're excited to see you in the fall :)
Storm clouds may gather and stars may collide, but I love you, until the end of time.Moulin Rouge.
I can understand one of em. I love women though. They have Ginny's
nope :]. I can use "hep," though. It's a beatnik-ish synonym for "hip," I think.
thanks man! “: Hurricane by is a Tunee!”
Man next to me to friend: 'do you understand the dynamic of the people's microphone?...it's like the Our Father.'
Working on web stuff and watching Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade - one of my favorites
Anyone looking for a sales / mktg job? DM me'
We welcome all haters too. Please bring them, hater!
Bloom applies the Toulmin Model of Argumentation to her own proof argument.
is feeling the flow
you're still a pussy bitch
it's on Hulu, a British series about an antisocial, alcoholic, book shop owner (played by Dylan Moran).
Short-sighted and deadly. States cut back on life-saving medicines to #HIV #AIDS patients. The solution: Make ADAP an entitlement program!
And FYI, I didn't read a single word of that article. Immediately sent to you and closed the page.
FOLLOW MY SIS
Our challenges are here to help us focus and call us back to purpose.
That's right! RT : Shift happens! I am excited and ready for my next adventure!
With the bullpen we have, why the hell does mark Lowe EVER pitch?
MAKE IT OR BREAK IT SERIES FINALE?! I'm gonna cry.
Curious. Does anyone know whose opening for A$AP now that LEP are off the bill? Or are they back on?
Following BRKN fest on May 12th, we are playing a block party at The Buzz Hookah on the 19th! Who's coming out for hookah and OIC?!
I couldn't agree more.
And how! And not separate from but integrated into learning activities? (Call me crazy- is there such as thing as objctv assmnt?)
Why do my sisters steal money from my mom? I have lost respect for the majority of my family.
#WOTD: Good luck to tonight at the #grammys!
I'm looking for the name of a pattern from Febs Blogger's choice fat quarter... it was the checked pattern in mud.
Ever seen personalized:[linked to electronic med recs] video patient ed. delivered to exam room in physican practices?
Back to the beach!
No Red Palace? Drats! Feel better (and come back) soon...
For the burger lovers: Kobe beef burgers. Try the Paradise--smoked cheddar cheese, red bell pepper remoulade!
You're just somebody I used to know..
Pimco CEO Mohamed El-Erian now says we're "close to a full-blown banking crisis in Europe". Could mean he hasn't been paying attention.
How do you prefer to find/browse news on a news site? Do any of them do it right for you?
FaceBook is now censoring some peeps because saying dirogatory statement about Obama :(
Hey Julz! Missed you tonight at ICON! Hope to see you next week! Much love xoxo
T1: My most raving fans are my 2 cats. Only one is on Twitter though -
Short shorts holllla
Let's make sure they understand that! Agreed!
#Olvie Garden, Carmel Mt,San Diego Thank you for your support & hosting San Diego North #Rotary Great staff, tasty food,fabulous time!!!
2.5 weeks away from being able to read what I want to read, not what grad school tells me to read!
Now crack ia a drug...not weed but anyway, whoz BMORE....
! Lady GaGa's South Korea Gig Given Over-18 Certificate!
I Will never say never. I Will fight till forever.. OH SHIT. i already said NEVER. Fuck it.
take a shitload of steroids and jack off your brother watching Operation Repo?
I just go home , walked like 4 miles with Jess and Evan , so freaking tired ,(:
lol Mr. Goodbar that's cute. I dip in and out. What's good
RT Had a great 5K yesterday! Got a PR & took 9mins off my very 1st 5K time 9 yrs ago to the day. << Awesome!
Songs that give you chill bumps >>>
Didn't know what your schedule consisted of this week. Come on up if your fully awake. Got plenty of hard work for you too!
We #CELEBRATE youth we serve-fueled w/ determination-built by vision of better life& sustained by belief they belong in the larger community
Our Mission: Re- thinking the way we see fashion and changing the way we dress for the 21st Century. See it on the runway Feb 28th
Needs to change lifestyle quickly yo
Casper the tranny ghost.
any decent Long Island festivals to play at in the summer?
,me to
we are interested in CISPA, hoping to get rep. rogers on soon... he's traveling and couldn't join us today.
but ditto!
I suppose that's always been the problem; Humans see ourselves as conquerors, not at stewards.
Snakes: Myths And Stories They are far from being favorite creatures but
Sharp Edge Beer Emporium in
Been way to busy this last week. New things in the works, just wait.
Nice. Looks just like the shot in...or, that is "Prologue."
You live in Ohio?! AHH follow we're having a charity concert soon with people like Ryan Beatty&Alabama Capital!
HE IS A NUB COPY CAT
oh hey girl how are you doing?
You need to set yourself apart from the pack. Morgan gave a plan for her superintendency in her interview.
thanks for joining us tonight!
Party hard then head to Europe on a early flight. Walking 'cross the London Bridge, that's that Fergie life.
I like the idea of internet advertising, I been reading this book "anthony morrison Advertising profits" it's very interesting!
Intense irony :school principal emails re speech on school decline in US and he misspells numerous words. "assent" when he meant "ascent"
If I got a dollar for every time said "I'm dumb tight" today I would be a billionaire.
I could eat the garlic parmesan wings at bdubs every day! So fucking good!
;-) you're welcome!
RT : Only so many times a man that has done everything he's been asked to do can be disrespected! Guess GOOD GUYS do finish last
My tea bag says: "To be calm is the highest achievement of the self"...that's probably why it is so hard to do
Yep.Want no part of Mia RT : Lot of ppl think we match up better w bulls and I agree. Chicago overwhelms w hustle, not talent.
Thankful for all the singers and musicians that gives us uplifting and comfort in our lives through their talents
OH MY GOD I FUCKING LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!
RT : In just about 2 hours, the party will be in full swing. Get in here for Mardi Gras today!
“: #MentionTo someone you really wanna be with today.” (; <U+E418><U+E022><U+E106>
-how can MAGNET Network have J Abraham speak to advertising agency folks -Barcelona Spain June 22-
Honest truth without #BuffetRule the entire country looses; the rich cant raise the prices and then not pay themselves; future for us ?
#BoiseSOC Bieter: Thanks the Chamber and Micron for passage of HJR5
And that concludes the last undergrad lecture I'll ever attend...
RT : Oh Austin! You're so pretty when you smile!
HAPPY BIRYHDAY MILEY..:-)
Gotta say... that was the most tweets ive done in 1 day xD SPAM!!
Mudd Design Education Workshop VI -ing
Ugh, I know. People just can't seem to learn from past mistakes.
You forgot 27! You're gonna be talking a lot about him tonight!!!
it's ok :/ enjoy your prom tomorrow!!! #behave!!! Lol :)
sorry EMC looked like a great game though
When I awake in the middle of the night, mostly Left Coast ppl are on twitter. :-))
all good. Thanks
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 9
You have the Power to Make Your Dreams a Reality! Don't wait to start working toward them! Start Today! Make it an Outstanding Day!
hipsters like mainstream, because hating mainstream is too mainstream.
#GymPetPeeves Leaving your used razor/plastic bag/used wash rag/used towels in the shower after using it.
Nice! Working downtown yesterday. Was the coffee good?
There's a lot of information & people in Washington involved in lobbying. Find the information you need. Webinar @ 2pm EST...
Secret Life & Make it or Break it Monday (: hell yeah '
What shirt?
GO CHECK OUT #PAINKILLERS ON
Its been raining the whole day!!!! Listening to some music and watching a movie :) Good night guys.
Rain Rain Go Away
is that wrong? Lol .
I'm praying for you! I hear you are doing better tho love.! Oh, and this is Jamila (:
good luck, that program looks intense :)
Playing basketball today at 4 hmu if u wanna play
:-0 terrifying...RT “: By 2030 50% of all Americans will be obese. Let's get that number up, people!!!! #FriesWithThat”
Working on graphics for Dr. Mark Van Stone's 2012 meme interactive book for the iPad. Will be the most scholarly, advanced book yet on 2012!
Can't wait to see the #TMZ crew tonight. Hope show.
Hashtag discussions like these are a great way to find others of like minds to follow. Follow me, , and
Aww! Did he just pick you by like random?? Or have you talked to him before??(:
Being a real man doesn't mean you do 100 girls. Being a real man means: you fight for 1 girl, even when 99 others are chasing you. <3
in Chicago.
and u have to let me take u on a date that's the rules lol
lol same here. the only way to get what you truly want :)
ya I feel you. Well u can always come chill at my apt
We're so glad you're on our team!
What about the playoff???
ya I'm just intimidated by their accents in there
awesome! so happy to hear it!
The Paris Wife: Why did it take you so long to find me?
Great meeting you last night!
Just joined
#Now Following <U+2192> !
Any attendees interested in talking history/cultural heritage/humanities programming?
I wanted to say more about writing fitting into the bigger ecosystem now & we need to be ready. Like you said, re-use is key.
OK--one round (I swear) of a word game, and then I'll revise my ICMS paper.
Packed house for the session on mobile learning - wish there was more of this on the program.
Follow my gifboom. It's desireyyyy hah I'll Follow you back(:
I wish would come to columbus ohio. I'd for sure have my ticket for that! XD
Maybe GM should manufacture trolleys.
Super great Friday. If I can keep the kids under control until bathtime, it will be near-perfect
« It be like that sometimes RT : me ._. but whatever»
I refuse to call it a "super moon" until it dons a cape or develops a credible alter-ego.
I need to cut back on caffeine 800mg a day is making e feel like crap
Mind heavy , not even gone get in my feelings , everything will fall in places (I assume) but goodnight! Need this rest <U+263A>
In Music Meeting- Passion Pit “Tonight Tonight” no, I think Passion Pit should go to The Shins School of How To Cover a Song
#broncos what happens if Orton isn't traded? Thoughts?
he's not mad about it anymore. <U+2665>
Silly question! #NowFollowing :)
Me and The Mario Bros. goin shot 4 shot....This nigga Mario is loose!!!
": Dope ass producer =======> lookin forward to the work we bout to do" Thanks man me too!
I am a huge fan and I met you in Seattle, Washington and you signed my phone! My b'day is this weekend, please follow !! <3<3
I be trying my hardest! Be feeling like imma squirt in his face n then NOTHING! Waste of time lol
They Say Red Bull #GivesYouWings & An Erection ~But thats only for slow people who dont know how too use it Haha
I know(: I hate being sick
Have a day Ichiro Jones!
thanks Bassman! “: That's pretty sweet. Congrats!”
I think they are gearing up for the Maury Povich show.. "You are the daddy of this fat baby"
off to bed all you wonderful peeps... I love all my #connecttheleftfriends, and #ows friends.. and every friend inbetween
Haven't heard your voice in a while. Let's fix that.
is standing and fighting against a tough Miguel Cotto. Nobody can accuse him of running. It's a great fight
Vote for Ken Leonczyk if you want a congressman who believes in small government, freedom of religion and tax cuts.
Hopefully Flynn has better luck with his hair...
....that's why I said oLdEr cousin
I'm in section 226 where are you?!?
how about the "4"!!! He got on the Wonderlic? Fits right in with the Cowboys
RT : Tomorrow is only Thursday? Oh hell.
I got a pocket full of posies, some devil with a pitchfork talkin like he knows me
Right? They were fine as grapes. Why do that to them?
Out for a morning walk with my best friend smokin' cigarettes. #skinslife lmao
judging by other replies to you I wasn't sure if you knew how to read a boxscore or not
The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
I did not
~_~ I miss my friends
Trivia rules! On another note, the #Canucks game is heating up.
Great pic! (And YES to all those flavors!)
lol hey that's double money. U gotta let me know what salon u gon be in cuz I always need my hair hooked up.
darkness thickens over the stormy skies of politics
I am on the phone witchu now
Also, I hope Monday wasn't my only package day because 6 packages wasn't enough for my mail carrier to hate me. :/
Oh you are so welcome :)) Happy Thursday!
yes thanks! Misery loves company as the saying goes.
The road to stardom and success is lined with many tempting parking spaces.
Kinda moved to tears by 's Zone One. Stirring trifecta of nostalgia, wanting, and loss. Some good jokes too.
Marcum:Digital tech separated librarians & scholars?//Really? Would never have considered library job until dig humanities
so i guess you loss intrest in me also!!!!
Kyle Anderson coming out strong with 4 quick points. 21st best hair.
is headlining our ACM Performance Lab stage Thursday along with , , ! Best part? Free.
you feeling better?
Bynum is a block short of a triple double.
Way to provide a public service/education my dear Simon.
Ugh. Monday. -_-
wrong spelling
“: is 1D gay?” lol you must be new :-p YES AND NO
What a great finish, only in LA! Congrats to the 2012 Northern Trust Open Champion Bill Haas!
Thanks for RT!
I think the movie is Sleepless in Seattle...
Thank you! I will! :)
Thank you Gary! And good morning!
True, except he slammed that particular sub in the face with his elbow.....
First weekend home in 6 weeks. First, a Friday in which to make it HAPPEN!
Arizona is home to many mohawks this spring - But three mohawks have no water to drink.
RT : The deal that QB Vince Young signed with the Bills is a one-year deal.
China Doll Restaurant
what?! pinkberry is my favorite!
what was said?
anyone wanna write a guest blog post on real estate?
I'm definitely not going to be ready to leave Senegal when the time comes. I'm in love.
blasting springstein downtown has never received so many fans
hell yuh I'm watchin it again right now.
you may not end up where you thought you'd be, but you'll end up right where you're meant to be.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom. ~ Mark Twain
Made it to chicago. Connection left without me.
Hey! Thanks! <3
"Tweeting" is so much more better than "Updating my Facebook Status" ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
Does your dog LOVE the snow?> Feel free to post pictures of your dog playing in the snow on our page!
Thanks for all the congratulations re: us winning the Pulitzer, but it's really not that big of a deal.
all good man no worries
not till fall
I FORGOT TO EAT MY TINY PIE. I FORGOT TO EAT MY TINY PIE!
a real running back.
oh sorry i forgot i'm only your friend when it's convenient for you...
sorry to see you go
Getting ready for a weekend of baseball at the Murray Park - hopefully the weather will good to us.
i am following you
I tipped over the top! WHERE'S MY BAGEL?!
Browsing social networking sites to avoid making a poster for a presentation. :P
Interesting fact - The USPS loses $25 million per day
Thanks for the RT's and mentions Have a great day!
I literally have worked out harder in the last two weeks than I have in the last two years maybe combined.
Thank you!
xbox360 issues still going on.
Remember when Cool Whip was an acceptable substance to abuse? Sometimes I miss those pre-organic days...
Small-business owners don't start their companies to be short-term loan officers for customers. With 60-90 day terms that is what happens.
Busy day today, as I'll be helping celebrate his birthday then go to JWF for #timbersu23 match later. Plus, it's sunny outside!
Waking up at 7 when you go to be at 4:30 is the worst.
There is a bubble pop game app for the droid they might have it for the iphone too. Hope u get better soon :-)
and he comes OT. FUCK.
on the real though, my boyfriend would look amazing with an undercut.
I feel sick!
Gojee looks great! Any chance you want to share you experiences with an MBA student?
im on my home after i pick up a quick snack
You're very welcome. ;)
RT : Check out – a digital clearinghouse of more than 200 summaries of high quality research studies on #arts learning!
FREE L !
lolololllll I as thinking the same thing!
haha maybe someday you will(: at least you saw other singers and not just him. That's awesome!
Shit, again, the fuck man, ok... now I am mad...... -_______-
Hoping I have misheard - Mom: Look at this! When I was a kid, this book changed my life! Dad: What? Should I burn it?
Something we never needed to know about and learn to identify in the first few notes: "Cheerleader Pop." Into the "no" pile.
So I vowed never to follow you after seeing your C & W pres, and what happens? Presenter #2 fails to show, and I follow Libby.
Purchase your "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt Through www.SNOCLOTHING.com Shirts are $25.00 Shipped!!!!
That poor lamb.
GM y'all
pick an episode. Any one. They all end the same
No DLR-era Van Halen references will work for the #VanHalenFastFood tag better than Hagar era. Sammy at least earned that.
I watch TV to forget about love handles. Not to be reminded of them.
RT Today's Lunch: The Drop "Burger". Shaved beef, Capicola, Provolone, Lettuce, Tomato, Grilled Shallots, Roasted Garlic Mayo!
#3WordsForeYou Take It Off
#AskBUNM from + +: "never ask permission. Only forgiveness." That's it!
The house does not open until April, but we're working hard on our spring exhibit.
“I am free and that is why I am lost.” ~ Franz Kafka
Ha! If I have my way, #HTML5 will get there soon!
Marty Block discussing his AB 661 to create a small BA Community Colleg pilot program in ares of high employment need.
Yay! We can't wait. RT : will be at 's Ball Ball to feed your faces and dance our feet off.
but my guess is 74 may try to talk 46 into staying. In the end, it's exactly what 46 needs. Lots of talent there, unfulfilled.
OMG!!! The funniest thing just happen I was listening 2 the radio and listening 2 Pandora and both of them was playing drake headlines O.o
The 8.8 earthquake in Chile shortened the Earth's rotation causing our day to be 1.26 milliseconds shorter and my have moved our axis 8 cm.
ahahah thank u:)! Love u <3 :D
You'll dress soon!
i'm the same way as long as its a good movie
Yess finally got a new phone!b
You <U+2197> You <U+2199> You <U+2192> You <U+2193> You <U+21AA> You <U+21AB> You <U+21B2> You <U+21AF> You <U+21B1> You <U+21B6> and You <U+21B4> Follow for some of the BEST tweets on Twitter
"The best is yet to come." ^staff RT "God's invisible work in u prepares u for His visible work through u."
also, when you say early Polanski for WHILE WE WERE HERE, how far into my expectations should I take that?
Most of my peers past is similar 2 a rough draft they all have made the same lil mistakes,same stories,same predicament & same outcomes
Wtf!!!Its look likes gays get married
I really do not want to watch this basketball game Dad. -__-
the camera comes with add'l equipment.
#TWEET Me <U+10E6>
A playoff at the Masters is the one and only closest thing there is to the NFL playoffs.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone! Let's go dolphins!
them crazy addicts will get you famous yet
"Holding onto resentment is like holding onto your breath. You suffocate."
Superfast internet for home and mobile, $55 a month FOR LIFE! Ask me how: 210-573-7203 Authorized Clear Agent
Brown Eyed Women _ Grateful Dead _ Europe '72
They say the apple dnt fall from the tree but wat if that apple neva falls!!!....
Griffith hits into a double play to end the top half of the inning. Scored tied up at 2-2 with WKU up to bat.
hell yeah tom!
managed to sleep on my neck wrong again.Causin' me to move around like deranged person 't help that my hairs too damn long either
Happy Independence Day! What are you doing to celebrate?
I'm gonna let 'em know that Dolemite is back on the scene! I'm gonna let 'em know that Dolemite is my name, and fuckin' up mofo is my game!
Starting to get a good number of calls for tailgating at Miller Park this season! Smart folks, because those dates fill up fast for us! ;)
i watched that yesterday. Jay Hernandez is unf!
You know it's a going to be a good day when u wake up & just start killing it on Scramble w Friends
Yup-Yup. ;D It's the Chinese signs for love, peace and health.
'The first thing you lose in a diet is your smile.' -Scott Patrerson
Left my Nexus S in the car while I ran a 5k. Went from 100% battery to 20%. Back to iPhoneland it is.
Absolutely correct
Beirut: Booked. Jerusalem:Booked. This will be one wild and holy spring break. Should I party or should I pray?
I'm sorry, but we don't do Twititions. :/
A successful artist is not just a song and a style ... successful artistry has a purpose ...
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
While patrons are still using your catalog to discover your collection, a MARC record is still important.
I'm working tonight besides partaking in the debauchery
I need a sip of courage to get me through the weekend
#ryanbraun on the offensive. Does this mean he's guilty?
- not surprised. Communicators like to communicate! :)
thanks for the RT :)
Some people need to GROW UP and admit the mistakes they make, instead of blaming it on someone else!!!!!!
1430 union street- hope you made it ok!
we would still love for you to write an article for us! We will be in touch, thanks so much!
damn, that shit hurts the soul.
Starting off with some #coffee from Alterra, the day can begin....
#youknowyoughetto when u with metro pcs
yeah & don't understand the materiality of the digital enough 2 see that it's still things and space, just different kinds!
54 yrs ago, today, I was born. 50 yrs ago, today, my family (my parents, sister, and I) moved to Harlow, Essex, where my brother was born.
Absolutely gorgeous weather! Want a BBQ and a piss up!!!
Pirates > Biological Principles
Good morning girl, hope ur enjoying ur stay in Philly!! Thanks again for signing my book and taking a pic w/ me. Rage it sista
not too great...I'll be ok tho & yourself?
I heard the word "Dial-Up" yesterday from someone receiving a proof. The good old days.. I miss that sound.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
Great day of teaching Bordeaux at the Int'l Culinary Ctr. NYC - back tomorrow for the white and sweet.
How can and be so famous? Please, I love be an actress, how did u can work for DysneyChannel? ANSWERME!
Woman on bus keeps almost falling asleep on my shoulder. Will have to get pic if it actually happens.
Be Jack Nicholson's conjoined twin or have everything taste like a slim jim
Must Have! RT Bar In honor of Shark Week: a Special Shark Attack Shake all weekend. Blueberry. Shake. Raspberry. Swirls.
thanks to his awesome boyfriend*
I need to go spam him
whos leg do i have to hump to get a....well whos leg do i have to hump lol
On oovoo with my boyfriend<3
i'll bring you pretzles tomorrow to cheer you up :)
Leaving on a jet plane to San Francisco!
We're two worlds apart, but our hearts never fail to reach out from each other.
ha! I was hoping you'd use your star power to retweet that.
So ready to graduate
I Had Dreams is currently #11 in US #Drama #Fiction. FREE #Kindle today only. Help me rank in top 10 for today! PLEASE! www.traceyperger.com
Get it how u live u #fake ass
Not eating a proper meal before ice game + 5-hour energy = completely gassed and starving. Feet are cramping up. So hungry I'd eat a shoe.
Seeking a compound-worthy house to buy in Seattle. Combining the Fainting Room Collective and Audaretum recording studios! FAMILY!
What nice day outside today, hope everyone has a good and relaxing day. ezzzzzzzzz
its okay
you're welcome :)
On our way to DisneyLand...
HIGGINS, STOP EATING THE DAMN CHICKEN.
I'm Tyler and I'm a sexy bike.
Successful day at capitol; five of my bills cleared the Senate: city audits, tenant rights, transit on I-5, beach monitoring, solar funding.
it's all about the
How do we not have lightsabers yet? Its like scientists aren't even trying.
he has his moments but the douchebaggery of Schmidt is golorious! I heard he reaching a spin class in LA soon lol
You're one of the only people I know that also listens to Deas Vail. I love Birds & Cages so much.
Doing homework and studying.
I'm here too! RT : Tuning in to #insights201. Who's with me?
actually, scratch that. I might be able to since i already work downtown haha.
you did it... Remember
Can anyone share an objective and high quality international news website? Thank you in advance.
I don't see RGIII as a strong fit for Castrol? Are you more enticed to buy the product now that Griffin endorses it? Not me.
Yall need to do your reserach "before" you sleep with them...
Are you watching too much TV but not doing enough reading? Well, turn your subtitles on.
Don't know if I can make it through the day w/o ):
this is the worst time of the year, only major sport is #baseball, football might not happen and hockey is still months away
Yea I feel that! Just weigh it out, whats gonna be more beneficial its a business decision, u gotta do whats right 4 u
i guess you not dow for no friendly convo its coo tho
“: Tomorrow can wait 'til tomorrow, 'cause it's all about tonight. #BlakeShelton”
it was a great take on things! Kol Hakavod! If you have additional writings you'd like to share pls let us know
#ghlive What is up with all the lights on camera 2?
yeah ik! They all give me such a headache
Thank you for re-tweet. blessings Eric ;0)
sup wacky, welcome to the addictive world of twitter, you will be spending all your time flirting with chicks in no time brah!
Because he's busy caring for me because no one else does.
Rip #stevejobs great inventor
Gosh. This is weird. Dylan in a good mood at 7:13 a.m? Sounds good!
I NEED FOOD!!!!
haha thanks brother
Two years today I've been on The Twitter, or at least so says
I think this is how love goes.. Check yes or no.
That's with you and Bury the Hatchet right??? We were gonna and we really want to, but I told Jeff today that were just buckling
Ever After :)
good to see you too, and I always enjoy my arepas! You guys make them delicious enough to drive to decatur for them!
Great time chatting RIM careers with WWU ARM students! Very bright bunch. Mentioned #thatdelightfullist and
so so so close, great run and nice ground saved by the jock !
Bored, show tomorrow at Giorgio's, comment the pics
Angelina Jolie needs a tan, some fried chicken and mashed potatoes. Jeez.
what's worse? the NHL guy smashing his opponets hed in the glass(2games) or Ron Ron's elbow(7games)??
Adrian Peterson is going to run for like 5 thousand yards next year lol
LMAO....my twitter actin slow..so that last one was really 801....#KanyeShrug....its till
Looking forward to another great weekend of #nfl action.
Dream final: 5th-year Kastle v. ex-Kastle & current world No. 1 Tune in Sun. 7:30 am
I didn't beat many people this year, until UK wins, then I'm in 4th. I will hold my trash talk for after the game.
Give a little you'll receive plenty in return.The satisfaction of knowing your time and effort is creating positive change is priceless.
is pouting now that I told him that won't be at the chicken-fried steak event today.
Global super stars and take advantage of post-feminism trends of the new decade
what it do friend?
Thanks doll <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT : is the cutest <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Im pathetic i get it...Even i dont understand me.
ok for a follow back :)
Today is #NationalFrenchFriesDay Awesome! My favorite food group!
People that tell you, get a life, tell them, I will when you do :P
is my hero for not sending a group text
#FoxMole gets raided: RT: According to the warrant, Fox News is apparently accusing me of grand larceny, amongst other things.
yeah i thought u were the smart one
I've officially been at Fox 6 one year! What a busy and rewarding time it has been!
tell my brother Happy Birthday
Titi is a white cat right?
i was just able to open the pix...what a great one! May we add it to our website?
Should have played in Spring and been a true feeder league. Still think folks are starved for football in the off season.
left me alone
3 witnesses say he didn&#39;t plus the girl on the phone and the 13 year old boy nearby and still the whacky claim of self defense?
Nice relaxing Sunday! Time for bed night tworld
The case of my broken iPhone was resolved with what probably looked like a nerdy drug deal outside of this afternoon
Alabama uses form router for online intake, PDF forms
I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords. #Jeopardy #Watson #AI #singularity (Just going on record here. I hope it never comes up!)
What a day. Just thinking…approach things the way Joan Holloway would. With style.
I thought this was about your keen fashion sense #carhartts&muckboots : Sellout, this is about not cartier.
!..~-. NEED INFO FOR SATURDAY MATRIX.... TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
All things excellent are as difficult as they are rare. -Benedict Spinoza, a 16th century philosopher
haha i know! good back in sunny ca! we had to cancel the 2nd half of the tour :(
I didn't realize how useful #twitter could be until recently....also...smartphone. I'm great! How fare thee?
Thank you to all the #veterans today!
Law & Order: SVU is the shit.
hang in there!
The size of a group is the size of its leader. If you are a leader of a group and your group is small and not growing, then it is most likel
Easter is hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.
To get into the Halloween mood, I'm watching Halloween 3. Is it the dumbest movie ever? Yes. Quite possibly.
the song came on hahaha:P
We're BFFs w/the prez! #justanotherdayinthelifeofaP RT: Casual conversation w/the Donna
Only if bitches know what they be talking about
I want to marry
I like that part. It's everyone else string commission checks around me that sucks.
#TIL there is a 1976 King Kong.
"Teach us to give and not count the cost." -St. Ignatius de Loyola
New Crew fan followers, #FF - my t-shirt business. There, you'll find links to new items, deals, giveaways and happiness.
a bunch of verified bands I've never heard of are following me...
When I fly, I'll have you know that my crew and my plane come first. RT>>> “: I see some real genius in your flying”
Thank you so much, Damon <3
lmao no. I'm sorry I forgot to tell y'all. But I'm finna leave anyway.
Better to be rung out for a noble cause than to be full, of your self. / LOVE THIS ..
damn son!! Makin me feel like it IS possible. Good work mang!
hell yeah love the HOODBRIDGE
I cook, clean & take care of the household and all you can do is complain??? That shit is so annoying!!! Smh
In The Mood For Some Action
you grow the fuck up. are you kidding me?
I've decided I'm ready for an ipad ;) Glad it went well! Im sure its great. We'll take a look this week.
today just started off all wrong. Can I go back to sleep and get a Re-Do? Or at least a backrub to set things right? :/
well my brother got it for christmas and it is so sick dude! you got final exams this week?!
#glee Kurt's audition is awesome!!!!
I get way too excited whenever comes on my Pandora. Makes me wanna have a dance party in my cubicle.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Las Vegas must be the only city where the weekly entertainment guide lists the Top 10 magicians currently performing there.My kind of city!
Events + Response = Outcome (Cool, huh? You get to choose the response and influence the outcome!)
Peach kombucha on tap! @ Mercury Cafe
Derek Keenan showing the importance of carefully planned curriculum at #mobile2011 to foster critical thinking.
Leaky coffee cup=stained shirt. Reppin my YMCA wrinkled ass work tee til someone can bring me a new shirt. This towed car shit blows
Me muero en el concierto RT : that's mine <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>“: I take that back, De Pies a Cabeza is my favorite Mana song.”
thats a gud look wit b o b i see u bra....
Piece of cake.
front row at the wings game tonight!! :)
See you there!
Poor Blago. Only allowed one personal possession in the slammer... Wedding ring? Lame. #WhatAboutTheHairbrush??
I love talking to and on the phone, its like drinking a couple of social good Red Bulls.
“: what happenned?”hey how is glorious Toronto?
drinking a javalato
Good news Punxsutawney Phil predicts early spring !
He Got That Super Bass|Text Me,.
Conservative evangelicals think God is supposed to uphold THEIR word, not the other way around. 'Fundamental' mistake. Zing!
no shit we've been here for 2 months now
Anyone upgraded to Lion OS? If so how's it going?
Why do I miss Fred? Smh
So happy you're happy! RT : Back at yummy!
I'll drive down for that one:-)
I'm not about to watch a child being born in health class next week. Eewww
you said something about trying someone lol
crucial man....had to shut it down, can't deal w that no more
I'm trying to read some of the NEH seminar materials and one of the PDFs does not want to print. I thought it was the printer, but no ...
How do you find will smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints
okay. now my clothes in the dryer are done. not going to get them. too busy w/ the #1940census webinar ha!
Oh thank god, I'm done with finals. Worst month ever.
league night tonight at
Still sick -.-
I'm sure you'll get through it and I'm sure things will get better for you
has the best twitpic
There is no longer such a thing as a safe and secure job.
Halfway done editing our #callmemaybe video. and will be proud
Going to spend much of the day trying to catch up on #CodeYear. I hear there's a game on this evening, too.
Yeah now I'm going to try to sleep again! Maybe Dashboard Confessional helps me
RT : good morning my brother of the drumming cloth// GM my dude!!!
Ha! And YES. RT : How to lose weight: first turn your head to the right; then turn left. Repeat each time you're offered food.
A reminder that Georgetown has a REALLY attractive student body.
And what a review it was! Thank you!
Back by popular demand, tonight's dinner special is Seared Salmon over Goat Cheese-Tomato Polenta with Corn Salsa, $12.00
Our Customer Appreciation Sale continues thru the rest of the month. Imagine getting free upgrades & rebates too. TheBlindManNM.com
If a person really loves & wants to be with you then superficial things about you will not be an issue to them what so ever.
I need help tweeps...do I start Addai or Felix Jones this week?
#Carey2011Dublin Yes, please! Would love a team effort on these "radical" tweets
a wheel/is a drug
Why do some people make a big deal about how much their clothes/shoes/accessories cost? The more expensive the better? LOLOL fucking idiots.
Careful -- librarian convention in town. Streets of #nola may not be as safe as usual.
I dream about you every fucking night and I wake up crying.
that's the estrogen talking :D Yes men and women ARE different so it is foolish/unfair to judge women by masculine standards :\
When your prom date doesn't give you a chance to explain anything... <<< I have been following you...
with the light of Thy knowledge, not only to cherish those things which are written, but to do them;
no problem! And thanks! :)
"I did nothing. The pavement was his enemy."
sure you do
Yes! Your "mann" is rocking it. bah hahaha RT : are you watching #TheVoice right now?
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
New Ice Loves Coco tonight on E! Isn&#39;t television great??
Proof that the wheel has turned another full rotation: the #StambergSauce is in the freezer.
Just like every other girly girl out there on the internet, I want to feel special. ;)
#ChiCultural2012 Space discussion: Model of #PortagePark needs a center for arts like one that once existed
It's Buffalo, Greg. You meant Applebee's, right?
Finally done!!! let the summer begin!!
#empathy vital for everyone a changemaker rule
shower time
After #URI scores on Joe Landi RBI single, #Northeastern's Jon Leroux unloads on a solo home run to lead off B2. 1-1.
I love but the fact that someone started makes me laugh outloud...
I wanna go to target. wanna come ? Hahaha !(:
ONE DIRECTION !!!!!
Chillin txtin watchin Paper Soldiers this movie mad funny
hey just added another bad pack ;) it is pretty funny!
thanks! I took Spanish in middle school and barely passed. Thanks though! Hahaha
what's the matter, keepin it too real for you? Truth hurt that bad?
I once dropped a girl off to her mans house..when I got there, I met the nigga..(hickies all on my neck)..dumbass couldnt put 2n2 together..
I will be at WLA 11/2-11/3 booth# 119. Please stop in and say hello. I might be bringing something special :) Come by and see
that sounds great - I've been craving
Beautiful morning...
RT if u think the r going to WIN 2night!!
Is it going to be raining for the rest of the weekend ? If so , I am going to be very upset ...damn you rain!!
It's actually the only non-streaming Netflix show I watch. No DVR = at the mercy of the networks!
Sometimes you must unplug. But really happy to see we've jumped over 500 followers! Thanks, everyone.
get your butt up to !!!
New site launch www.mountaindaisy.com
Oh wow. With so much going on with my new job this week, I completely forgot it is FRIDAY!!!! New Gold rush tonight
Thanks Zoe!
sexy(; follow? Happy birthday!
RT : Off to Phoenix for the Davos of the Desert, #eisummit. Are u going? Let me know about best future concepts for highered there.
Had a great time hanging out and playing music with Box Talent yesterday. Thanks for having us!
Well one time me and this midget with one arm met at chucky cheese... RT : “: Body count: 71.5” how is it .5 ?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
We have EVERYTHING you need...
See link I just tweeted to see why I find ideas like "21st century education" unnecessary.
There was a man arrested in New York state for going 170 mph on his MOTORCYCLE?!?!??
This is so funny! His facial expressions! Okay gtg bye
Game time sheeesh
Celebrate Cinco de Quatro tonight - art, music, entertainment, food and more!
I am so grateful that I got my mom's nutsack genes.
just know that I am upset we cannot do hip hop tomorrow cause she wants to work on lyrical and pom! -____________-
not trying 2 spam but have u heard about this guy who's trying to keep Michael Jackson's legacy alive!? He needs our help!
We love having you! RT : you got me...again!
whatcha girlys doing ^^ I'm eating again :/ I swear I always hungry
I could marry Madison Alamia over and over and over Because I love him so much!!!!
Or just not spend $1000 on a Mac?
that's what's up!!! Congrats
Good morning!
Strange sight of day: burly young CDOT workers pouring sidewalk concrete while blasting Styx's Come Sail Away from truck radio. Kids today.
i was at sw, but now I'm in Denver <U+2708>
don't worry the Heat will be back next year.....HOPEFULLY
"pre-existing catalog"
Shoot it Collison, just shoot it
There are some people that I know personally that I #refuse to follow.
its all good, I understand, i put you to sleep lol. I'm joking but yeah check them out. The singer is actually a female.
Love this chick. Kim Nielsen you are one dedicated, powerful woman. Best on by light years.
That's true. I, like many people, can be easily won over with a high-top fade.
We can't wait to see your work! The site will be ready shortly.
ok. But I texted her like 4 times yesterday and she never responded
Bet well in the next month or 2 im finna try to get a spot down town so #movie!!!
ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN !!! MINK SUNDAYS !!!! NO COVER , CHEAP DRINKS, RELAXED DRESS CODE, IN THE MIX !!!
Tons of #NBA and the #Cubbies tonight! We're a juggernaut!
Who wants to help me write #iOS and #Android apps? looking for a few good devs...
I sure did
If my love is a question, I'm sure u are the answer
Don't forget the Nashville Christmas parade tonight!! Who's going??
We're showcasing our new #Spa-Tinis on this morning! Tune in to see our brand new cocktails & how you can drink for a cause!
GREAT music!!!
i am really happy !
Im not downplaying anything.. but did that battle have you checking for other females battles?? be honest!!
Do you want to do an interview with us for our website? :)
7.2 = still a little seasick
I can't wait until tdwp's Zombie EP comes out:D
Thank you all my friends and fans, thank you for the plays and every great thing you are doing, much respect and love :) :) :) ! rockin !
Yeah, I'd rather have Asik as well.
Any one just see a cyclist on 28? That was me. Terrifying wrong turn!!
I consider it a partial bonus when it syncs sometimes. Still sync normally.
Bow down to the queen of procrastination.
She totally retweeted my last Horn Book blog and I may now retire.
Right now!!
Bryan Carter's presentation on Digital Africana studies 3.0. New directions for scholars.
I've realized the older and older I get the less and I text and drive
I agree I hate it.. Distracts people from the rest of the issues and they end up voting because of this one thing.
wow man.. did you know your godhatesfags website is STILL DOWN? Guess you decided you and God liked them after all huh?
who cares?
glad your doing well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> yes deff let's party soon maybe Mikey's Halloween party ? Lmk message me your number
Have Questions about Business Blogging? and will tackle them in this live webinar http:bit.ly/fmloRQ
23 hours into the New Year and the resolutions are still intact... A new record.
Happy birthday to wonderful creative and talented ..nice 12pm Dorrito Taco! ..Venice crew will take you to Chaya sushi HP :)
any details for the event on Thursday?
home from skool.went to pick up . had a good day ;D
Ahh both kids are napping. I am eating my delicious leftovers! Life is good!
taqueria santa cruz is certainly one of our local faves!
The Miami Heat players are like the founding fathers of #flopcity .
Peter's in the office today--he whimpered and whined his way in. Currently sleeping right at my feet. :)
you know it! More hookups to come ;)
Venezuela's Chavez upbeat over Cuba cancer checks
super grateful to have people in my life that truly love me and support me.
Accidentally clicked on stumble instead of email and am now watching Peter Pan online. Score.
In 1998, Sony accidently sold 700,000 camcorders that had the technology to see through people's clothes.
no it is not fun. I feel like I have a hangover but no fun getting it. :)
On the ground in Music City! I better start hearing some southern accents real soon.
well that's cool I gues ha
notre dame vs. michigan is quite the game!
Ever since i got twitter, I've got less & less sleep.
I broke my shower faucet :(
You get your eye brows threaded? O_o uni-brow or not, dear sir, that is extremely suspicious
This is disgraceful.
Yea.? How yu aint text or call me.....?yu was sapose 2 let me knw wat was goon on befor yu left the city see play games.!!
check out my zombie reaserch website and become a member - www.sandovalnation.webs.com
I dont know because I don't have access to the information used to draft him. Neither do you. I know Pioli does, though.
Haha no one, not yet anyways. It hurts so bad :( though.
TONIGHT! 8PM! #AllNatural w/Anthony David |
Congratulations to Steve Helm, Dean of Radford University's McConnell Library, on receiving VLA's Presidential Citation!
sure /: thanks hahaha
Yay for finally finishing my accounting homework!!!
How do You see Birthdays on Twitter? Kaise pata lagta hai? FB is so much easier! :)
When I first read that in 's Purpose Driven Life it was a lite bulb moment for me
People come over and cut grass next to me this early in the morning!!!! I'm ab to throw something <U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D><U+E40D>
Welcome aboard! #NYG RT Oh, how I want to see the Giants beat the Packers at Lambeau. Pretty please?
Tired of skool
well that's good hahaa
count me in
I love how Pinot Noir is all, "I am NOT Merlot."
Anything special going on tomorrow (Sat) night? DJ, dancing? Anything super rare on tap? Coming up from DC!
Last night was a night for photographs and I took nary a one. Dammit.
My Mother Is Funny
Tired of waking up 2 minutes before I need to be out the door for work!!
Don't forget to add Penn Fixture to your list of stops for Christmas shopping. We are located at 2800 Penn Ave. in the strip, free parking!
he got the MVP chants in Jersey too
Cool, bud.. let's absolutely do that. I might pop in on Saturday at That's Cool if I don't have a session. :)
<U+26A0> Tomorrows forecast : Crooked walk with a bit of a slurr..
I just ate some cheetos and now they're stuck in my stitches.
TOMORROW NIGHT! Hometown Release Show in Jacksonville, Texas! Tell your friends and be there! Doors open @ 6!
“: Everyday is follow friday when you're a stalker.” lol
FUN with #PUNS!: Every time it rains my greengrocer has to shut up shop. He has far too many leeks... #groan (thanks :) )
#JustRememberThat life is short. Always make the best of everyday
I love you, too. Next time.
the one and only reason I got DVR to record because its the best way to end a long crazy day & happy late birthday!
At first I was not sure if there really was a #waronwomen but I am starting to think there is.
Thanks for? :)
This is like "Rocky" if Rocky had fought a guy with multiple severe handicaps.
Anne-Marie Deitering is made of awesome! She does the coolest research studies. Both of her talks at #onw12 have been amazing.
in north hills Braynstream Records studio
If I was an old school 50 pound boom box...
James voted off! Yes! Go Scotty!
This is like a mean joke. I love blustery days SO MUCH, but I have developed horrible allergies to the things flying around in the air :(
RT is giving 1 ladies T-Shirt & 1 Guys T-shirt once we reach 10,000 followers. To enter drawing RT this tweet with
We are open get your last min. Tats in today ! Gift certificates for that special ever lasting gift !!!!
Have to go to the GYM now .
Preparing for #Vistage peer group tomorrow with speaker, Gary Markle, on Performance Management. Should be enlightening.
Saw that Big Business with Lily Tomlin and Bette Middler is on bluray now. What psycho decided, "Yeah, people need to see that in 1080p."
Yo! The Mr Freeze ride at six flags is insane! Can't believe I got on that.
Giant annoyance: when people pile into an elevator before you've had a chance to get off.
Journey Of Discovery Ends In Beijing
No joke!
ooohh I really like the two on the top
4 more days till sunday April 29th S.O.B's live on stage Brand Nubian, Wise Intelligent & Eloheem we will make it electric
is getting reeaaalll nice!
We will be there! :)
are you alright? Will you make it?!
i really dont want to be here.... i wish it was yesterday when i was watching the hunger games
Sister, or sista? I guess it's either B) or all of the above... anyway, shit!! What's the show name & can I hear it online?
great, glad you have joined the cause!
Tune into 98 rock ~9:10am as the Owl Bar brings in some delicious treats to Mickey, Spiegel, & Amelia!
Every body n their mama know my name
At #smwchicago party after a great presentation with and !
how did u like dat retaliation lol
Soft ass niggaaaa
AS would say...WAIT. WHAT?
i would love to watch that series and championship series with you
#sternworldmovietitles Mud Duck II Your Sister's a Ho!
got it! Thank you :)
wish you were here!!!
Can't believe Zola Wine & Kitchen is closing. Just bought some wine there last week. Heading over to see what's left.
I have the most comfortable bed on earth!
Build her a moon base, Newt style!
damn i forgot what iwas gonna do -_______-
at the love shack!
Happy C-Day G
Beyonce is dramatic Not she dropped the mic & bust her jacket open 2 "announce" the baby 1 min her n Jay-Z private well congrats mommy! <U+2665>
RT : Why hasn't anybody released a phone hacking game yet? You've had DAYS!
Be yourself. Trying hard to impress ends up leaving a bad impression on your date. Let them to fall in love with the real you.
waaaooooohh....i get to skip school tomorrow, to go to my friends house...when we will probably just sit there and talk... haha
And.. I FEEL WE'LL be together FOREVER..
I HEAR YEA SUNNY BOY
Posts from the old Flogger Falls are being moved to the new one as I type.
Ah! So excited for tomorrow! I get to see the !!
I totally had that and I didn't even see the drawing.
I still miss my ex ....but my aim is getting better...LOL
Think I'm starting to understand Spanish
yep, and I just got up, went nd got a drink, but forgot the food. :(
Thanks! We're pretty excited :-)
your name is cute! can't wait to check out your site!
I spy
That makes two of us!!
my car is too gay lol
The beginner asked the master:"HOW do you know all of this?" The master asked the beginner:"How do you NOT know all of this?"
ROFL! RT : May your life someday be as awesome as you pretend it is on Facebook. #quotes #rocktheretweet RT
Ironically David Banner has an MA in Psychology
we are launching a program for athletes to measure efficiency at home or at a motion capture and analysis clinic in Ur area.
I wish I could. RT : #NC #IN #WV -&gt; Who is voting for Newt Gingrich today. ;-) You're a rebel and I love it. =D
and she'd totally love you for it! :) how's your boy doing?
Exactly. This remedy is a win-win.
have a wonderful Friday Mary!
They aint got nothing on u..!
I'm not mad I'm just simply stating the facts
(c) freedom! I guess that's a good thing:]<U+2665>
Final presentations from Flight School Fellows last night. Nothing short of AWESOME. Thank you Waffle Shop, Courtney, Jasdeep and Joe.
Watching 'When Fish Fly' student dev team doing a final debug & adding more Kinect code to their game. WFF will debut at #PILGF in 6 days.
#FirstQuestionsAsked "Is that your real hair?"
Oh that's purtty. We'll definitely have to go out for a ride
Follow if you know what's good for ya
Thank you for the RT ! Happy Friday!
If you get a chance, check out , good, local #journalism by DePaul students.
Nobody likes a thief/and talk is cheap/put you under the ocean cuz you wanna be deep/be careful what you speak it might just haunt you
I think you've got someone else. Been years since I've been there, but #sandiego is great right now.
Enjoy the sunset then join us for LATE NITE Happy Hour!!! 1/2 price draft beer tonight 9-11pm...Late nite never sounded so good!!!
Rachel beat me on PIG
McDonald's observatory, Sony PS3 Network, and the State of Texas Comptroller's office. Personal info breached 3 times in last 6 months. :P
Well you know. I'm just that cool I can make it a shout out and a life saver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I just read your blog! So cute!
thank u!!!
K your immature and lane and no one cares about you guys insiders.. Soo
the fact that rowing completely ripped up my hands <<<<<<
Half Off Bottle Night at Enoteca!
If any baseball team has ever been comparable to the Human Centipede, its the 2012 Kansas City Royals.
imma beast doe
where is that dumb rumer coming from
Oh I don't always get it right, but if they post a link, the translation on Goggle helps. I also sometimes post in Spanish.
I'm So Conceited, If She Ain't Worth Talking 2, Then I'm Not Speaking
Dwight Howard is a quitter
for real, I need a damn book that the fwb campus doesn't carry.
you're like 4 feet tall... Shut it
i already follow him
Chilling wit at #BREAKERS watching da game
aka the getaway driver
good morning jenny happy thursday to you
Yes, I've used that one too! I'm thinking of doing some related poetry writing...maybe 2 voice poems from 2 images
great to see you at ICS event on Thurs thanks as always for all your of our school
Democrat turnout was low in 2010. Too many naive progressives did not know the stakes.
ugh. Where did all these people come from and how soon can they leave?
EveryTime We Have Sex We Gotta Break A Sweat
Omg fells point is filled with drunk green people and 1/2 of them are behind the steering wheel of a car.
It's pretty rediculous isn't it?!
Good morning Twitter.. it's too damn early :/
Pasta salad >
thank you ladies !! Looking forward to seeing you at Bootz Saloon !
my infamous 7 layer banana pudding straight out of the fridge.
yes thanks to you and your mom I am doing great! I owe you both alot!! <3 Hannah
Does Twitter have special rates for promoted tweets/accounts for government entities?
Holy shit. What a move. You guys rock!
You know things are pretty sad when just seeing that someone spelled "lose" correctly brightens my day.
If only there were a better way ;) hint hint:
Yes and YES! What time do you want to meet?
Today's top Consensus Plays in Tournament Action are VCU +4.5, FAU +10, Long Beach St +8.5, and Montana at a PK. Good Luck.
Enjoy your day
I'm bored...tweet me some random #1DFacts :) !
I would to...but that takes effort...
Now following you should too! Check it out. Cc
If everybody drives with no speed limit there wont be any. You are stupid for saying that
ILORI Sale: 25% off any second purchase. Limited time offer. See store for details or call 808.875.1188.
did u dm me
S/O to for always having tha best smile wen i see her
Not just an aide, or a teacher, or a coach, or an ABA therapist, or sum1 who enjoys kids and learning, or a student -- I am an educator.
Screaming at my brother in the car.
you are on a roll this morning.
Every picture n my phone has its own story so yes I look at em ova n ova
A productive two days of working to setup audio/gallery capabilities on our site. Almost time to kick off the weekend!
meh! Yeah, we probs won't find out but it could be true, I mean there hasn't been any photos of them together either.
shit idk. traveling involves money. which i dont have. ever. if i win the lotto.i be making my rounds in a 2011 ZL1 camaro lol
I love the lab report assignment! RT :
why u still up
sounds good!
I often say to myself "this is what I get for giving a fuck" ..
Andy is stirring up Lime Daiquiri's for $5 until 8pm tonight. Get you HH on at !
“: Monday night football bold prediction... Packers 5 rushing touchdowns. 0 passing.” you got Ryan Grant on ur fantasy team?
I miss u<333
Yeah I did but now you're not following me :(
Noah's ankle. Why is Taj limping?! What is happening.
Robben is making some good dangerous runs.
"Wearing a dirty, one-size-too-small tank top." remember that? HAHAHA!
happy new years #rouxers !! hope 2012 is a great year for u guys take care :DD
Getting ready for another big day at #SXSW, jamming some Nate Dogg this morning. RIP
A special thank you for the connection goes out to the HISTORIC ALACHUA WOODWORKS Apopka, FL
If you would like to book your appointment now for CES2012, please feel free to send us a DM or shoot us an email:
He Took Two Weeks To Fucking Give It To Me !
Rain or shine, OB is Outside in Aspen...
Reality check
That doc is more about process and procedure than sexy food pr0n. And also: ice in the soup...Really?
I wholly agree with Trader Joe's. Best place for me to find cheap kosher foods in New York.
“: That fanny pack looks badass man"
That's SO lame..RNC=Joke/Fail or better yet, Failing Joke
Thank you for the #FF, Andy!
I just saw a sign that said "Wax your pinche snowboard" lol I love abq
I bought a movie ticket, a slice of pizza, and a slushie and it came out to $38. These prices are ridiculous.
I still don't know why it would affect me so much :/
are you a robot?
Well we havent had ANY interactions on here lately, So. I am gonna throw up 's song again! :D
good morning directly to we are real people that like to tweet real people enjoy your day my dude keep it G.
we love Sleeping With Sirens, so I guess we don't suck. :)
Where the heck is my rep. Duncan Hunter? He should take note of this and get on the twitter bandwagon.
I met Christina Cordova a few weeks ago. She's very open to new ideas from marketers and customers.
Seeing tweets in Spanish and thinking why did I ever follow then?
Twitter and FB posts are permanent, activism can shame/ pressure organizations to change
Writer's block...
Tonight at 6pm- 8pm when we welcome the Svedka Vodka Girls. All Svedka Vodka drinks will be $3 Get your picture taken in the Photo Booth!
Brunch: uptown cafe, cap garage, kupros, orphan
lots of work but a lot of fun
Do you mean weather, or political appointments? :P
Why am I so tired, I went to bed at like 9:45 last night
So like are you dtf? Or
Glad you enjoyed jumping with us!
Any fans of Stephen Jerzak, Relient K, and Automatic Loveletter, I get to interview all of them on Sunday, so send in your questions!
Evan, realistically, where do you put Oregon's odds of scoring Allen?
yee. Im Glad you get to see him (: & yeahh.. hopefully oneday I'll have the chance to go to one of his concerts<3 aha.
"Young Witz" here we go
What do you do when you dont know what to do ?
no no no on that 9-5 lol keep doing what you doing!!!
I'm so confused.
Attending a fascinating presentation by Coca-Cola attorney on negotiation of Olympic sponsorship rights and Oly athlete endorsements.
got me going ape shit in the gym..
The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting right beside them knowing you can't have them.
And then I thought FaceFirst, with which I am more satisfied.
but rain is cool ^.<3
Friend: I hate One Direction. Me: Oh thank god, more for me.
What's up tho where you been at???
lol. Oh. That's funny.
virtual hug <3
lol! well over 600 followers later... im here too! :p I had mine before Sarah
Thanks Manu and great game last night - you were FANtastic!
Aw had a lovely day today. I have the most beautiful nieces in the world! X
the twins i've been taking care of since they were 18 months old are 4 today. i can't believe it- i feel ancient.
Rachel, seriously. Die.
Everything was ok until I realized I had work
loll sounds like a great night
100 days til I see you guys in concert!! I'm so excited! I've been waiting for this forever, literally <3 #FollowMe :) 11
: Good luck on your knee surgery Matthew. Hope all goes well, and you are up and around in no time. You will be in my thoughts.
My iPhone and macbook are littered with SNS platforms and apps I have looked at but never use. MS is just another.
Ever notice how most Drug commercials look like they're made by people on drugs?
Did #hahadurbin ever get trending??
Love Einstein and all, but he really needs to stop climbing onto tables and opening child-proof prescription bottles.
Madonna to perform At halftime!???? Now that's what I'm talking about! Long live the Queen of pop!
Every week its the same shit
New 14k White Gold Round CZ Women ’s Engagement Ring
Guess whatt(: I just HAVE to tell you something... you read? I LOVE YOU(; -Samantha
Oh we cannot wait to see some photos and hear about the amazing food! We are so proud to have you as a member!
braves with the win!!
life is shite so i like to write.
Frenchies are awesome! They are a close second to Boston Terriers.
My choices on Twitter : Yankees fans , UK fans and Daniela Yes Yes and OMG YES !!!!!!!
What's on for this weekend, #Boston? Events, great food, or wine you are looking forward to?
how does that happen?! Haha
RT : I'm in a business where no one cares about anything except how well your last collection sold. ~ Calvin Klein
Final version of 'How to Win Friends and Influence People' for TechNet saved to the cloud. Excited to share what we've learned!
Long days at work are wearing on me, yet still totally worth it (monetarily speaking). Can't wait til it's over. Wish I was riding.
curated all the art by ArtStar and it looks amazing! stop by and snag yourself something pretty!
Austin City Limits
Sorry we missed the #MM S/O's, they'll be coming a little late this week... Possibly in the form of #FF's...
OOMF needs to get at me
Of course! Would love to share my work with you!
he`s my LIFELINE
end of the week or by the weekend i should be back! not for long though im ready for Paris Next than Nigeria
Thanks!!! I'm lucky to come from such a supportive state.
good luck tonight on tv. I'm sure you'll beat the Packers.
no! Why must it be so complicated?
Nothing like talking to something using the word wicked and being asked if you're from Boston.
Thinking about how we create the magical "bubble" that our kehilah lives in - at both #jewishcamp & synagogue year round.
All polar bears are left-handed.
stripper practice from yesterday got me sore as hell. gotta do it again today
you watch it too
I love Nutella!!
I feel like a loser now, but I have my night centered around the draft
im sub-tweeting about you.
Call 1-800-PRELOS9 or email for any help or additional information!! Let us help you find renters today!! www.prelos.com
beautiful. we're going to head to the Depot soon. I'm eating, Greg's St. Vincent-ing. :) thanks!
Its commitment to winning and it's fans and the community,beautiful PPL Park,the river end #MLS #C'monTheU
Thanks and
Book worms!
empire strikes back
loved seeing you again and need to meet soon!
Lmao the nurse is disinfecting everything I touch ;p
From 2 experiences I have to say prepare to be underwhelmed.
Thx very much guys. Really appreciate the critical eye. Very helpful. The perspective will help us get better. Cheers!
Naw I feel you. It's a shame though, because we're gonna need him regardless of who we match up against.
Why does the #NBA ROY trophy look so cheap?
it's raining here too!! at least i didn't have practice =)
Team F'in hungry racing FTW! RT“: who's coming down to the Riverwest Public House on May Day?”
i think u r the HOTTEST,SEXYEST gurl frm England I've ever seen!! WOW!
Gonna bike off my frustrations, hate it when ppl don't follow through with their plans. I better not be a damn fool, again..
my brithday is a week a ways yo
weekly is good to maintain attendance - not all will make it week to week but those that do will build their network faster
I love you more
MI4 = Fun at the movies.
Great me too!!<U+E405>
I'm writing a DM right now.
I am one who believes that one of the greatest dangers of advertising is not that of misleading people, but that of boring them to...
check out for ballplayers and baseball coaches. some interesting discussions going on in their blogs.
Espn and that Jew were out of line on some of their reporting. Syracuse university should sue them too. Fuckin scum tryin to smear our name
He could, but he won't.
Just formed a mini spam musubi-lovers coalition in the line for lunch at I love that stuff. 'Twas fun.
Thank you for your kind shares related to our Bull Run animated map. Most appreciated.
Wow -- what a difference -- energy flows so much better -- you won't recognize this place -- except for the smiling faces ;)
aight man, we'll have to kick it sometime this summer
sure do lol
#wcphilly #day2 : Contribute by evangelizing WP to others, and by testing with Trunk or the WP Beta Tester's Plugin.
Sacrifice sleep for success
Good Morning
Nice try. The cartoon is from around the same time, but it involved a cat and a dog. RT : Doug?
reading my The Satanic Verses by Salman Rushdie. Thanks
Fired up for the big launch event in Washington DC tonight. Real-time polling is coming to the Beltway.
These high schoolers on here talking bout they sex life just blows me. Lol
“: Zimmerman's attorney asks for a bond of just $15,000 and permission to leave the state.” WoW!!!!
OMG - based on the 1st 2 tracks, the Daphne Oram Tapes may be the greatest thing ever... very much digging the current cackling
There ya go...Darby runs out to bark long after whoever was behind the fence is gone. Well done
People hurt you, God will heal you. People humiliate you, God will magnify you. People judge you, God will justify you."
Make every Saturday the best day to make $$$ w/ EZ hair extensions & wigs! Let Dr. Wiggy train you in the latest, email
Meeting with , & the team at to launch our new video blog, GoGeddit TV!!
ok I have tried to touch base with you EVERY way I know of...call when you have a second
Its only 1:00am and is #onfire the circus is in town!
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved because these days most people confuse the idea of being in love with true love.
haha rough night last night ?
pamplemousse = grapefruit. Only French I know.
Where is this?
funny, gotta disconnect from Quicken chat before I can tell if they've helped me. somehow, they're unable to help me until I disconnect.
Watching 'Ultimate ' on Netflix to help with my high. Probably going to go see it again.
Don't send me promos!!!!
Ha, I should wash my mouth..er, typing fingers..with soap. Slap me if I say "ROI".
I try not to take ppl feelns for granted
It's only 10 degree difference between our Minneapolis location and our Hawaiian location today!
no one wants to see you on tv... You're not cool, sorry :/
104 days is not enough time left to spend with my family. I'm going to miss you all so very much. I love you.
Just delivered our Handel Bed to Glen Boudreaux for the Home of Tomorrow exhibit at State Fair of Texas.Can't wait to see the display! RT
I salute and MMG cuz they ain't goin pop like every other label.
Thanks for coming to speak at WLC! Loved the presentation a lot.
Myboyfriend said he feels bad for my babydaddy BC he has to financially support his kid....the fuck?! Remind me to always take my depo shot
good thinking!
Hi Michael, I'm a reporter working on a story about Delta's Sky Club. Would it be okay if I interviewed you on the topic?
Fail small, win big ...
Damn, Igotta finish this paper before class starts
Wants to show live O's/Red Sox footage. Please.
The best thing about pre foreclosures is the prices that come with them! In most cases,the owner has no choice but the sell the house.
Thanks Bobby!! Enjoy the weekend:))
Kevin Garnett has made 1/3 of the Celtics' FGs tonight. That just seems wrong.
My grandfather Captain Curt M. O'Reilly was the last one in my family to serve in military. He was a MASH surgeon in Korea.
Seems like Radiohead #Coachella set is literally designed for a rerun YouTube livestream as opposed to live performance.
SANDY WE MISS YOU COME HOME!
I hate when little fucking 8 year olds throw fits. Grow up you little bitch. Grow. Up.
Thnks I thoroughly enjoyed & learned from the Wknd Biz Podcast (like eavesdropping on a hi level discussion) & hope it'll ret'n soon
Your perfect!
I am now hooked on The Voice. I DVR's Hawaii 5O, but haven't watched it yet.
Funny, is there an Aldi on Bluemound near the Best Buy? Think of the children was the lame excuse about Hooters.
Yes and also #Vegan people I know all females hm
I plug my headphones into my phone--so the app is like magic. It's called Lightning Bug (for android).
It's coo bro He was on twitter stuntin on me hard.. I plan on WHOOPIN his ass!
Happy Halloween! Remember our kids tonight. Our little ghosts and goblins won't have their moms or dads accompany them on trick-or-treating.
Wouldn't you think France would have learned f the US the past 3+ years
So ready for our match today. #let'sgo
the 90's station is pumpin' out some gems today...!!! Stop in and see us. And, ask about our Specials!! Say Facebook or Twitter sent you....
Couldnt find my fav shoes this morning then I remembered has them <U+E413>
ready for the next season now
Warm brownies.
Thanks. You're the winner.
no you dont girl. im so angry now.
Never a pass. Respect. Because he is really smarter. But I won't retweet the tail end of your two part tweets and slam them
Old School! Higher Ground, Suck my Kiss, Give It Away, Snow, Under the Bridge!
hanging out with & of before they tear it up
Celebrating web launch! Thanks 4 wonderful design & to & for behind the scenes!
hahahahahahahhhahahaha like wtf. Like Sophia grace or some shit, I should defanitly put her on blast
i am clean clean clean v
I hope so! A little part of me is missing. Haha
"Let wisdom guide my heart and help me keep in mind that each and every student is precious and one of a kind!"
lol it when they block you from adding and other things
you've had over 20 tweets today!
RT Go follow these amazing bands!
#RoadTraveled--the live stream is to difficult to watch, should be a 2 min tape delay or something, it stops, plays, stop plays 4 me
You are a pretty bad ass dude. Love your tweets about being a parent not just a paycheck. Amen to that. Muah. Ty
Awesome! How was the game?
its alliteration...works for both Tues and Thurs
#followfriday Why you ask? Because they are Gorgeous and Fun Tweeps, who Interest me.
Drowning in lemonade.
It sure has seemed that way lately, huh? Nothing personal-promise!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
Hold the phone...NORA discovered Facebook! Lol
So I'm up & not sleeping yet -__-
Hey hey hey :D (Tigress_fighter)
Sontag: "I am unable to put my shoulder to the feminist wheel in the fashion she would like me to."
Game was NBC Sports Network and not shown on MSG. No Rosen/Micheletti. Home game not shown on home network.
Oh my gosh. You crack my up.
happy birthday! (:
Happy New Year!
call it: 10 WAYS TO BE HOT $ RICH.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>
Thursday - 3/17/2011- Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP
s/o to whoever made this great bob marley shitty by making it dubstep #manfuckyou!
What up though?
Exactly! ...should have never been a candidate at his age...MONEY TALKS!
They need a twitter game where you can level up after hitting various tweet caps.
": #Nw The Temptations.." they da truth
Laying next to the most beautiful girl in the world <3
Do you still have that guitar on whose fretboard you wrote out all the notes?
#Evanovich, Seven Up. The further adventures of Stephanie Plum, bounty hunter. These are very silly books, which may explain their appeal.
Aww thanks guys! I hope you have a great weekend too. :)
Can't wait to see Odd Future in October.
One Time, Lighthouse... OMG SICK!! I feel like I need to go make a movie! LOL
it's such a good chocolate fix :)
haha #whatkoreanparentssay “: My dad just asked if Girls' Generation was on the #grammys. Lol.”
really? but I see you're following me
good choice!
Stop by the west mall campus to make a button for $1 and learn more about Center Space Project our student organization!
Closing the gap of aspiration and enrollment has to be a collaboration between government, educators, parents, and schools.
Each Facebook user spends on average 15 hours and 33 minutes a month on the site.
O ok Thanks so Y 106 say What Trey video u wanna see?
that was my jam RT“: #RnBThrowBacks - Nelly ft Kelly Rowland - Dilemma”
RT : I still say that "Alison" by Elvis Costello is one of the best pop songs ever written. #myaimistrue Word
ok. First of all he's not a player like he used to be, he even got rid of every girl number he had, & he wants to be with u..
Girls have some creepy ass conversations
Sounds tasty! Hope you had a nice weekend. RT: I'm going to enjoy a bowl of your granola cereal in the morning! :)
Don't sleep on getting tickets to BMTH, Death Cab, Gambino, Circa Survive, TBS, or ATL. They'll all be here before you know it.
Going to see the hunger gamess.(:
#Oldage cannot be avoided. It creeps up inexorably and the awareness increases when friends and loved ones pass away one by one
#AdmitIt if you look good in a picture with your friend, you dont give a shit if they look bad, you post it on fb and twitter anyways! Haha
Big day of little school work.
give em a follow!
We are having a HUGE sale today for the #tallandbigmen in your life! Come on in and see us Please RT!
color me hungry and envious
I hear ya!
The village’s own Rocket Man
they do a great job with that show. I had a lot of fun with them.
So proud of you, honey. So, so proud. #ohheygirl!
When life gives you lemons...make lemonade. When life gives you lemonade...you better drink it.
whoa you win
Reading the The Three Marriages by David Whyte, awesome book on life, work and relationships to self and others. Beautifully written, very …
Kim I hate taxes with my whole soul! I'd honestly rather eat glass!
I'm angry that Jon Burge, the Chicago Police monster who tortured suspects into false confessions, sending some to death row, is still free
Why is it every two seconds some body has to say something about my skin tone. Ok yes I'm light skinned don't you think I know that already.
reading ('s) book, "140 characters "; much more interesting than anticipated
Where u play at?
That bench brings all the b*tches to the yard!
I need more followers help a girl out
*shakes magic 8 ball* reads: "signs point to yes"
"I've worked for MK for 8+ years and seen many bed technologies. MK has the best selection at an unbeatable price" - James MK Megastore
where's a good place to eat? :)
always a txt or call away!
would come support us, let us honor you at our conference, to also encourage us young biz people we can get there together!
Q5: One thing everyone should experience in Europe for the holidays?
Oh Happy Day! Finishing week 2 of #Insanity and week 1 of new job!
RT got my ride "imported" from FL. " is looking for some new interns... Must be awesome."// is awesome.
wow holy shit man, hook a brother up we work together haha
fresh! :D Now get them hooked on some MARS from the same era and pump up the volume - dance - dance! cc/
what up stranger
"Mass production created a need for mass marketing which created a need for mass media." -- Douglas Rushkoff
Eat more protein during the day to stay fuller longer- pack nuts or avocado as a snack so you skip the break room pastries!
Yay Stephen got the job!!!!!!!!! Now I just need one
you should get a booth and sell some sketches at
I leave for Branson in a week!!!! Hello wake boarding!!!!!
Aw hail no! #weatherjokes but seriously it is coming down
yes, very intriguing! Perhaps next project after current massive, daunting, all-consuming one. :)
yeaa lol that's how I knew
his head may be virtual, but that beer looked real
Watching WATER FOR ELEPHANTS!! Happy girl right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Ft Worth show opens FRIDAY,1st 1500 attendees each day get a GOODIE BAG filled with coupons and prizes. Info@ www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
I mean these shorts were daisy dukes and hands down most homo thing I ever seen
I`ll miss you on the sets of iCarly & iNickelodeonShow but i can`t wait to see you on your birthday and on our tour!
Didn't move here until Wednesday kiddo. Staying at Sarah's until Tuesday.
I have similarly poor music taste and I survive Dillinger Escape Plan pits. Just stay low and nix the glasses :)
In the first 8.5 minutes of #Rising, we currently have 213 cuts. Damn. -JO
hmm.. I'll think about it.
What are friends for?? Besides bringing the Vaseline when chics step out of line!! LOL
Let`s see who really love the KCA`s! RT if you going to watch!
good post.
I've been good how about you?
I'll be honest. If a dessert is served with jelly I'm probably gonna like it.
she's such a loser!!!! jk love you tayshea!!!
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. --Benjamin Franklin
Someone please send me the SpaceGhostPurp record. "The Black God" is too smooth to comprehend
TODAY is #trainthursday When u go 2 train museum & show ur tic get FREE kids scoop w/adult scoop purchase RT!
Desperate and Ravenous
I very strongly second our re feet, kids, PhDs, love and add that you are also hot agrees.
Professor says that I have an interesting take on constitutional law… I wonder if this is a polite way to call someone a communist…
What a hypocritical piece of....
Since 50 won't be showing his dong anymore if the #giants lose... ladies get ready i'm taking over for his bet
Mariano Rivera putting up a stellar 54.00 ERA right now, yeah that'll help the ol' fantasy team
Having too much fun on photo booth :P
Here . I Lovee You !
just posted a new chapter!!!
"I love to put myself in new situations. I'm not afraid to be a beginner." Sting: composer, singer, activist.
Mike Rowe's next Dirty Jobs should be Ke$ha's hair stylist
don't know. only away feed i have ever watched. They do go to the straightaway when replaying a pitch though
BCS officials met today to discuss a potential college football playoff.
Joss Whedon never disappoints. Not even Dollhouse--eventually.
I know! I have never gotten a tweet from him! :( #Depressed but i still LOVE him either way! <#
just brought ur new EP i have always loved overdosing. but could never found it! so now im rocking out to it! thanks heidi!
That's how I felt taking my #bianchi home for the first time. Beats a run of the mill Specialized any day.
My pleasure...wish you and the book all the best!
Turkey & Ham & Chicken. Oh My! Today was the annual My Plumber holiday feast which was enjoyed by all, some several times.
Time to scratch!
Festen at St. Ann's Warehouse was fantastic. If you're in the neighborhood, you should check it out. Would love to see it in LA.
post pictures from Vegas!!!
I'd do it if there was a toggle switch like Tumblr has for twitter.
lead is in the middle of a pencil lol
Had a blast last night at marikkas! Now to try getting some motivation to do something with myself.
who is it.! Are you guys hiring.? ^_^
": Happiness is a very attractive quality in a person. Anger? Resentment? Spite? Not so much." darth vader is a bad BF
help fight hunger in #Chicago with Yoplait Greek. www.greek4good.com. (hint: AR ready ads can be found at Ashland & Division)
Hanging out at my favorite cafe with a nice cup of coffee, croissant w/Nutella and Jelly, and screaming Albanians in the background.
ditto. ceiling fan preferred.
Are those green olive on that 'za?
Amen! RT : People can try to hurt you and beat you down, but THEY CAN NEVER KILL YOUR PARTY SPIRIT.
t-minus 10 minutes to tickets going on sale! got my card locked and loaded :)
#pepsi #doritos #chevy... Pretty disappointed w/ #superbowl commercials so far. Following twitter is much more entertaining.
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence
yes sir...
Today was a productive day.
best description of a hangover ever
you should get one of those keurig ones! They're pretty nice
It never ceases to amaze me how much stuff I have accumulated. Dreading packing. At times like this I wish I owned a zeppelin!
Look on the bright side, we're 400 miles from ours.
I put in a proposal for #NCTE12 on #flipclass, was hoping to get a panel, but didn't find others willing to join
He said to be cool but I'm already coolest
WIN THIS
#Quote: "[Kids] don't remember what you try to teach them. They remember what you are.” - Jim Henson Happy Friday!
Maybe if we could have the 80's stuff with todays tech? Now that would be a win / win...
fuck them punks, if they not ya boyfriend, husband or family members tell them fags to eat a dick!
A woman arrested for setting fires in her Decatur neighborhood speaks with us about the accusations...tonight @ 10 on WAND.
oh great I hear the garage opening -.- , ohwell at least we drop him off at the airport in the morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I would but I hve bad knees. <--thats no excuse. I will try my best next time. I wish we could all practice once in a while.
Dear tweeters...don't let Rob Bell's words be more prevalent than God's. God's word is truth - Rob's: his opinion. Teach the difference.
There are just some classes I prefer to be to myself in.
Good luck to all our Tweeps taking finals this week! Ot
cop top from the biddy
Feel better! It's too cold.
I want to know what she looks like. PIC PLZ
What fascinates you most about being a lawyer?
I think your link is broken... can you repost?
Payphone is stuck in my head ;p
wish I could get a floral spread in that mag!
To the Devil with false modesty
Listen all day to win THE VEGAS ACM EXPERIENCE! Win $1000 COUNTRY CASH & be QUALIFIED TO WIN the ACM VEGAS trip April 1st
count us in!
#Salute to BossLady for having us on the set of her new music video for "Party or Go Home!" Stay tuned for All Acess!
Wal-Mart is like pooping. Everybody goes but nobody admits to it.
are you valerie? :)
I have received 5 save the dates/wedding invites in the last 3 days... Oye
You are so much fun! Thanks for bringing NYers together for a really wonderful evening! :)
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
You're coming with me.
Tell my old boo i said thank you and shut up sabrina
Clippers already make summer vacation plans??
sorry for the late reply. not a lot of time to tweet these days!
Offered a job with the Flyin' Elvises...considering it...
yes I knew Randy when he was with the #Vikings "straight cash homie" is a good term, 1 up on me,now on to our final #Soccer bet
Hey all is giving away a trip for 2 to #ESPN today! For more deets go to "Mark Schlereth's Stinkin Good Green Chile FB page"
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who says we have to go all Mrs Fancypants? “: As long as its in a box, you're good. RT Is it red or white wine...
James please !! Come to phoenix I wanna see you ! :( RT if u read this please :')
I may have just seen the Rapture on the radar headed my way.
here and ready whenever! No hurry
Answer of the Day: Cory Hart.
Damn instagram killed my battery today
Wow there's more carts at the Belmont St foodcart lot! So much good food to try!! Just ordered frm #sushipdx will hv to come bk for dinner!
I try not to look back into my past but damn there are a lot of people I thought would still be around.
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
Nicks "Best Week On TV" Kicks of Dec. 26 with a brand new episode of !
“: Next 2O people to follow --> <-- they will be promoted to my followers now x5”
Haha my sister is getting so angry!!!!!
Honestly don't know why I have them. I'll never use them lol
I love seeing all my young broadies going hard and winning!
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
Been thinking a lot about Portland lately. Can't wait to explore the West coast!!
#NFAIS12 PLoS, is it ok to put up data if you know it's not complete? Yes, if labelled as such.(metrics)
I love that your clingy baby :* your my favvvvvvvv <3
the problem is , you don't answer
": #MentionTo someone who's always in your mind."
Looking for a internship? We’re looking for talented interns to join FOCUS for the fall/spring semesters. DM for more info.
Fabulous. Have a busy day ahead, but otherwise fabulous.
Yeah!!! You tweeted me!! hahaha... I'm still learning this tweet stuff too... Tell Dad II hi and I love him too..
Shutting off the thought process is not rejuvenating; the mind is like a car battery - it recharges by running. - Bill Watterson
HOLY CRAP THIS IS GREAT!!!! Gonna RT...
ET , phone home ? Nope. That's my signal 'MT come uptown for Tix'
No budget for accessibility testing? Where to start? suggests smoke test on your home page.
so whos up to party?
They are locked because people are fucking stupid and wright on the walls, piss everywhere, and throw chew on the ceilings
Remind me <3
Russian Scientists found a lake in the Antarctic/cut off from air & light for 20 million yrs/can provide info about life on other worlds
I wonder what percentage of all the kids bubble liquid that has ever been purchased has been spilled out vs converted into bubbles?
I never wanted the responsibility
!!!!!!!! RT Girl dont ! Folks cant handle it RT : i envy those that are able to express their feelings.
#CareerTipTuesday: Strive to build your brand such that is the premium version, not an acceptable alternative. -Dwain Celistan
Long-term success has more to do with being resilient than always making the right decisions. > Courtesy of Bob Hatfield at Prudential Ins.
yeah! And I have listened to all of these kids' albums..I wouldn't call them innovative at all. Good stuff but not innovative
Hello Kathy, Describe what TV/Movie Projects you've most enjoyed Working on in your Career up to this point?
Just me, some herbal tea, magazine & catching up with news. Til tomorrow...
It is. Help yourself.
Do you agree that social media will change healthcare?
Ok,so they will bring him in a mask...lol choke slamming everyone,either that or he needed some time off.
If you like reading, and sharing, check out It's such a nice experience.
At pizza hut waiting on these cinmn sticks yummy
David Gregory is so pleased with himself even though he's failed on this today.
I believe you have to be 21 to get into the Dinah darling! ; ) There is a lot of alcohol and debauchery... LOL
I don't. But mine's easier, it's my name [first].[last]
Just re-listened to the "Rite of Strings" w Ponty, Clarke and DiMeola.If you haven't heard this, you must! It plays so well. Timeless.
There is no one like our God.
Looks like a criminal...has been brought to justice. YEEEEEEEEAAAAAA-!
matt you are totally getting stuffed now
They're upgrading Word on my work computer today... I will miss you Microsoft® Word 2004 for Mac!
Lolla has a ton of electronic acts this year!
Wake for Pat Astrella today 4-7 @ Mercandantes Worc Ma , Anthony's NaNa we won't let him forget you !!!
very serious
Come to HOLLAND MICHIGAN !!! pleeaaseeee !!!
Away from me, all you who do evil, for the LORD has heard my weeping. Psalm 6:8
Yeezy taught me ;)
a solid relationship has no room for ego
That last part was entirely true. They ate wings. And then fell asleep on each other. And the dude was snoring. I love America.
okie dokie well I will let him know! Just let us know when! :) MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!
Agreed! RT : A4: Oh, and chocolate milk is the best to drink to recover after long runs!
Caffeine is the world's most popular drug, with millions of people consuming it every day.
it was so good. I want to see it again already. Let me know if you want to go see it.
Saying good Monday morning to all the folks out there. forwardprinting.com
so social-media of you
Good advertisement...whoorli.com
Exactly I don't think some of the ladies get Lisa's humor I love it
Need caffeine now.
I got this shot trippin ese!
Perfect day for #headphones and
am trying. To think out side the box Bestie try it lmao
Responded to FIRE @ 1463 Route 9D, Fishkill, NY 12524. Red Cross auto update.
Lol I don't deserve to be alive.
Watching the video of Tupacs hollogram performing at #Coachella is makin me a little teary eyed im not gonna lie
I am going to cook my son a birthday dinner.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live
I have spent the last two hours playing angry birds and cut the rope instead of studying
What's up with the weird, racist name?
A sports fan holiday... NFL Draft has begun! Lets go Buffalo Bills!
We discovered a bug in the user rating system tonight. It has since been fixed and all user ratings should be restored.
Dear neighbor boys with the airsoft guns: Please stop hiding behind and/or shooting at Atticus, my innocent car.
Haha, im coming too! :P <3
Just got a pair of zigs for $30!
Welcome home
Marshall Fine: Catching up: The Three Stooges, Girls, Tribeca
Halloween movies are not as good in HD.
Hey pastry world happy Passover and have an unbelievable swag Easter xoxoxo
ive had my twitter for 3 years
beat poets?
10 Things I Hate About You , You ditch some friends, to go with some other friends who don't give two fucks if you're there .
Today this guy told me no guy is ever gonna be good enough for me..... Idk if I take that as a compliment or an insult!
In the animal kingdom, there is nothing more dangerous than a Penguin who knows there might be no tomorrow.
when is MB commeng back to NYC? I know you know
I wanna cry every time someone tells me that I only love Riley because he is the lead singer. Really? He is soo much more than that. The
gonna have to check when I get home :) not sure since we have so many!
Is this guy big enough to take down a blog site like Tumblr or Reddit?
call me!!!
Yeah Mike & Patty's on Church Street is the spot for breakfast. Tiny little place but great breakfast sandwiches.
it's not mine. but yeah.. i want to get one for myself DIY style
better than s?
Follow and get followed you can check it out
How does the MLB regular season even make sense? They should just play 3 months of only rivalry games then a 3 month playoff.
no he's sleeping but goes in work @ 7 tonight so he'll call @ like around then :p
Time to either go out or call for delivery. Hey, it's Friday!
#MyYoungAssGF orders a happy meal for the toy.
We are open tonight and tomorrow... Monday night for burger night!
RT : this morning's reminder: go. do it now. you are not too young/old/tired/new/old to manifest your dreams.
GOOD MORNING AUSTIN! im in school & snuck on twitter just to see your tweets! :D ah lol i hope i dont get caught..
I'll root for the team with the fans who wave the fewest towels
It was last night i slipped and fell on the beer cooler door at a weird angle lol
Watching Jumanji. All time favorite movie
The awkward moment wen u go2 bed & wake up 2 hours later & get ready for school then u realize ur parents haven't left4 work yet cuz its 2am
Watching #transformers <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Getting ready for an appearance @ Wizard World Toronto Con March 26-28, 2010 @ Direct Energy Centre
it was fun. Talk to you soon. I'll be sure and connect you with Maurice when I get home tonight. Have a great conference!
I've been playing it a lot lately. So good.
we can't wait!
I don't have any of the stuff ready. We should go this week though
Oh baby baby ;)
Will, basically, live in SF this week..I'd better bring a jacket.
yes, it's wonderful!!!
Silveira applauds TEP program. Knows the plight of our homeless students. Consistency and community involvement.
Sources tell Orangebloods.com Texas Tech will be the Texas #Longhorns' Thanksgiving opponent in 2012, replacing Texas A&M.
the weather shouldn't prevent you from running.
#headup praying for a speedy recovery!
the competition is only for residents of the UK :( you should have geo-targeted your promoted tweets =)
what's up.
I woke up at 5:30am! (...having gone to bed at 1am) I am yawning quite a bit, though. :) You should come next time.
and Guru are getting me through my Monday.
Drop off new toys ! RT : RT if you #feelthetingle of Toy Drive with and
Why haven't this bus pulled off?????
#BAMSQUAD 2012........Yeah Its mine .....WATCH
Good Day
American Legacy thanks you and all veterans for their service to the country.
you were amazing tonight! Don't let anyone get you down girl
link's not working. Which officer? Medina is my hometown.
tell my nigga Marc i said what up
yur totally amazing . Were gonna meet #SOMEDAY #NeverSayNever (: ILY
#ideas2action eric from learn zillion K-12 shares his model.
So much to do before I leave town tomorrow and I don't want to do any of it.
I have those same problems haha
im just sayin
hahaha ohh yeah I remember you :) haha sorry! It's been a long time!! Sorry!
Bully Pulpit: make sure your fan page shows your followers, young legislative aides will google you to see if you are high on search engine
Omg omg omg ok I just saw Naya riveras proactive comercial I just died inside... #ilovenayarivera she's fucking amazing!!! <3
This heat is making me sleepy.
She used to be relatively kind to me. I feel complicit in her abuse of younger brothers and mother because I saw it happen and said nothing
Hello alarm clock....hello mt.dew#good morning all
the exceptional friends list, ya dingus!
Why so little boys laugh when they burp? Is it a testosterone thing? Ah, the joys of #mom!
I have been thinking about u dm me ur number
Our pleasure!
Where's Andrew's phone
Will Green Bay bring in any FA's to workout?
Hey Fans- It's Twelve Buck Thursday! $12 for unlimited golf & 40 tokens! Add-on unlimited go-karts and bumper boats for only $5 more!
great dress.
Blergh. Have fun, catch you next time. You should come by and visit next time you're around.
They sure are! And they have amazing taste in whats good! =)
ya email full bro! lol
Ohio thunderstorms aren't as unrelenting and intense as a good Jersey storm. Scary, but captivating.
Announcing the "Fan of the Week" for the week ended 8th January 2012. It is none other than Jessicaa Anni.
I hope you got the red sticker. *HE GOT THE RED STICKER!*
I mean... how could they not have been literally laughed at producing that estimate after prodding? Boggles my mind
the other 10th is all Mark Zuckerberg and Olsen Twins.
Sincerity is the new sarcasm.
too you too Austin(: how are you feeling?
What if the Gospel writers threw in the virgin birth to appeal to the followers of the Mithra and Dionysian religious cults? Then what?
How do we know, that our part of the meaning of the universe may not be a rhythm in sorrow?
Coffee, 1 big goal, a mentor's advice on how to complete a task, updated progress from 21% to 35%, on target. How? www.IamINC.biz
"Beer is proof that God loves us." is not a great opening statement for any hit-and-run court case.
oohh i just got the 2nd tweet.. Thts so cool! I want it! Lol
show? What do you mean? I'm interested.
one more page and then i'm free
#IfIwonthelotterytonight tomorrow at the end of every class i would go up to my teacher and say "fuck you". then burn all my books.
Good Morning!
where did you move to.? Lol
why cant u see how much i like u? i hang on ur every word, i always talk 2 u, i save a smile for u every day....but 2 u im almost invisible
Gotta sleep early!!
Internet good. Glad you got there safely.
Thanks come join us! At Tavern Downtown for the largest rooftop deck in Colorado!!
#FollowBackFriday starts now!!! Lets go!!!
Happy the sun is finally out! Time to warm up.
some of theese lil gurl r too fast they nasty yall goin to get yall chance it's not right now thoe
"Not all that wander are lost" - Marina Christine
haha true true you
ugh he sucked for Bears
Hey, yeah i get back start of next week. How busy are you at moment ? X
did you guys watch the Frank Fairfield movie yet?
"....crazy thing is, we could lose every game and still make the playoffs in the Eastern Conference." What a winning attitude.
who do you have going #1 in the NFL draft?
s/o to for pampering her mom today #gooddaughter lol
Just thought about her but she probably with him thinking about me..??
Whats goin on fashionista? Hope you've been well :)
Auburn's Graphic Design Senior Show today at 4:00 in Biggin Hall!
Oh yes, I forgot about AUS. rofl I can't just memmorize that you are having winter instead of summer, lol :)
As the view is to the body, the reason is the spirit.
yea no doubt I will help you out and get you some followers
All branches will be closing at 4pm tomorrow and closed on Christmas day. Have a safe and happy holiday!
Currently wrapping everything on my co-workers desk. Birthday surprise Monday morning!
Worst first half of the season?
aw. Thanx babez... Yea u betta come thru when u visit!!!! We gotta catch up!!!
Have been thinking about failure a lot... but in a good way.
it was great to hear your remarks on the panel today. Thank you for stepping up and advocating for all the mothers of
I guess u really cant have it all. Y do i keep screaming i wake u up and yet h hold me. Im sorry
Well, nobody from New Mexico won the mega-millions, but somebody will win a 42" TV. Just goes to show you, Buy Local!!
Rad update alert! just got added to our #100thIssueParty on Dec. 16th at Shyea!
You might not be looking for a new car today... but please spread the word that we are here and ready to get folks on the road!!
i wish i knew a phd student in econ...they dont seem to interact w/ humanities. its a problem bc the only econ we learn is marx.
Nicky Hilton Sues for $5 Mil -- My Ex-Partners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line
“: These vocab words are never gonna get done..”
" : I see what you do for me Lord .. #Im #so #grateful. Thank You"
Wish I did this from the start. Would have entered with friends. Feels a bit lonely doing it myself but Also exciting!
i like him & i even think he comes off a little phony sometimes
going to the Gym later
Anyone have suggestions where to get a semi-inexpensive PC, but a good, fast PC at the same time?
Another sunny day in PDX. Happy Friday everyone. Let's start this day on a high note!
Gianti's opinion of the Niall & Ali situation: Innocent. Just innocent. It was just a kiss on the cheek & some 'In the moment' drunk photos.
UGH!!! Writing this paper is just not happening.
RT : don't want to harp on about it, but 2 spaces left for NCAA fantasy football league.Drafting tomorrow at 20.45 GMT
Checking out next month? Be sure to review emails from your RHD or their staff about signing up for a check-out time.
Ha I'm glad u understand me sis Rt “: all your tweets are hilarious right now. I am going to respond to them all.”
Saw the Coachella announcement today... too soon? it was just 4 weeks ago! I think I'm still suffering from Coachella overload. LOL
Back to HP or Brownsville after this...Time to prepare for my family.
Make sure that the number you provide on your profile is correct. Some people have missed out in the past because we can't reach them
I'm going to shout and clap.
You know, I've only managed to catch one episode (not a big tv person) & I fell in love! Such a cool concept. I LOVE it!
Tom's shoes: Is a fundie company that is anti-feminist and gay rights or a good business? I can't keep track. Opinions welcome.
Busy day taking care of newborn kids and one very uncooperative doe.
I laughed so hard!
Sure thing! You'll hear from us soon.
MT : Will b live tweet on behalf of today at crisis communications event at
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>RT : Zack Morris having a new slam every episode, but always having Kelly Kapowski on the side.
According to my uncle, I'm a hell-bound moron who's dooming the country because I'm liberal. Remember, family's important.
Think positively.. now you know what kind of person you don't want in your life..
you better get in a good mood, its LIBRARY DAYY :)
Awesome game! Go Pens!
Having the best night! I love my friends so much...and random jam sessions around the piano. :)
Just went to Powdrell's for dinner and now realize how much I don't like Powdrell's. Where is the smoke?
Happy Friday! !!
Miracle is playing on TNT right now... Sweet!
MT : Even as Larry Brown discusses deal with SMU, he hasn't given up the chase on Portland GM job, sources say.
"..." just lets all of us know you're having a revelation...a revelatweet
RT NPCA has just written a letter w/ the PC employees union for PC to strengthen commitment to NCE, extend to 5 yrs.
Hipsters don't know Santee exists.
I'll pay you in high-fives...
I'm in a very awkward situation.
I can do tomorrow night
ok thats good to hear..Hope u have a blessed n productive day hun..Talk to you later.. ;*)
I go both of them as well, maybe I will see you this Saturday at the MPLS show.
LAUNCH IN 8 DAYS. Who is going to be at the Party?
Prosecutors showed photos of Ava hooked up to tubes in hospital, family members holding her hand. Jurors now in middle of another break.
the IT guy at work is great, he just found my deleted emails...and his wife's eHarmony account
why would bentley think Emily is the bachelorette when brad chose her....
Get hip to EnviroTabs
Fourth of July is the number one holiday that pets get lost. Ask your vet about getting your pet microchipped
I've seen numerous articles saying how unhappy women are. And most don’t even know me.
Mother fucker phillip is odee hype I'm about to go HAM on his ass!!Hollie should haved stayed!!<U+E059><U+E416><U+E059><U+E416>
RT:“: General agreement @ church this am that #WI would be much better if #ScottWalker weren't in it.”
As long as once you get there, they actually get you your coffee. (Today, for me, the kid got distracted and forgot. Ticked.)
Perhaps now I will have more time to tweet.
Yes sir. Alive and well.
Getting ready to finally track vocals! Its Gonna b a good day
me too!!! She owned it!!! So awesome!!
They used that same line in "Starsky and Hutch". Nice. Lol
agreed, but sometimes especially in the states more (food) is not better, it's just more
I usually work at night too! :)
so so proud!!
yeah! :) & woah its kinda late there
@ media film conference NYC today
"we ordered crab legs and stuff that should probably be hot...can we get a discount or something" oh the things we say!
It isn't the answer yet I do the exact same just without them knowing my real reason for it.
LOL...The new President of the #Astros sure was when I interviewed him on the other Local Station...
My baby almost busted his azz & dat sh*t was so effin funny lmao!! His facial expressions are 2 DIE for HA!!!
Hey Kwan ... flattered by the follow, man. Dig what you're pushing out. Keep it coming. cheers, ^ME
So pumped to see
Last chance for marshmallow pops at Millvale Days. We have s'mores! We are right next to the main stage.
Thinking of starting a boy band...
men with anesthetic ejaculation experience a normal ejaculation, but suffer from an absence of orgasmic sensation. ....
what do I need to do? I'm so confused right how, but I do like ice cream sammiches.
I hate auto correct!!
Good one, Lord Obvious! : #Imreallygoodat being bad.
Thank you for the follow! You have a lot of prestige in the music business, how did you enter it?
We should be up by 4pts
joe joe is in jail jail and kelly and me are having a homework party at 3 am with cindy sleeping and jackie laughing her face off. yikes.
Tom Brady has been healthy and had enough time to throw to lead us to multiple SuperBowls
How can we collaborate with students when we are not sure of the rights to the work?
Ah haha! ;) I like the sale rack best.
About to go in the booth!!! Prepare you ears for the airwaves 90.7 =)
The real question is can Michael go 10 minutes without a tweet? Ha ha
Rich Ask Obama To Raise Their Taxes! – MSNBC w/ Cenk | Small ...
former County Judge Bill Alshire up now
Coffee is so addicted to me, it can't wait to get in my belly.
Funniest condolence "remain positive and black". I have no choice about the latter. I still appreciate the concern tho. :-)
My 1st 4 periods are studyhall's, 5th & 6th period are JOKES! Then study hall AGAIN, then gay ass PIG. WHY AM I I HERE! I want to go HOME!
Watching the race today make me even more excited to be there in August!
Niggas always want a female to prove their trustworthy and loyal just so they can know they got for sure pussy waiting for them.
Stay on your grind no matter what. The ends always justify the means.
Actually, no one cares.
Metta World Violence... Mickey Loomis... and basketball utopia in San Antonio lives again.
thank you for the support
I think we should all start building houses out of them.
“: Age does not define maturity, actions do.”
Does Big Z think Wrigley should look more like Minute Maid?
“: John Maeda: "My role as teacher was to make students who would one day come back to destroy me [with their skills & creativity]
confession: I have been a crap Twitter user this last while. I'm sorry if I've dropped the ball on the conversation.
I imagine the Overstreet family breaking into song like the Von Trapps because they're so talented. (cc: )
...For I am doing something in your own day, something you wouldn't believe even if someone told you about it. ~ Habakkuk 1:5, NLT
I just want to inform you that I sent them off boss!
Pakistani aviation officials tell AP 127 people on board jet that crashed near capital city of Islamabad. More to come.
Usally I love it wen people retweet and favorite myy tweets cause I no they enjoy it
please stop calling frozen yogurt 'frogurt' and 'fro-yo,' it's creepy...
Hope everyone enjoyed last week's run-down on the Greedy Souls. There's more to come!
Boomers at elevated risk of asthma death
nope. Not at all
But id rather have some of the old ones back :/
Ad Hoc => For this purpose
you must host an active game to set pars (DGpy5-ar)
Mandi, in the words of Dr. Ian Malcom (Jurassic Park) "Life...uh...eh..eh.. finds a way"
where are you going>?
what a joke!!!
y does FIFA even bother with an U-23 division? whole point of age restrictions is 2 allow young players to develop. players peak @ 17-23
LOL, so do I!
Do yourself a favor today and go pick up Jeremy Roberts and Frank Wildhorn's recording of DRACULA...at Barnes and Noble.
FACTS! Also, huskie puppies...
I'm genuinely scared
We love that u r following us. We also luv that your logo looks like a longhaired dude, from the corner of our eye. Is it just us?
I need picture in picture because right now this olympic game is winning over KU Basketball...
Oh joy, a round of self-doubt.
I still can't get over grown ass people in the city wearing suits.......and riding razor scooters!
So amazing to look at this #Volleyball athletes .. they're Height omg.. I would love my daughter be one of them soon!!
Japanese sword training---done. Up next: Equestrian training!
Merritt Mathias, the veteran gamer for A&M, takes over. Gets the ball to Kelley Monogue. Bang, goal. A&M up 3-2 now with 8 mins left.
saw a note pop up on my account about accessing pre-built influencer lists, but didnt see them under lists & searches. Can u direct?
lmfao. oh well.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 250
He won't touch it unless he gets a second term.
You bleed just to know you're alive<3
follow me read the free preview on my blog. Also see the full cover with Skin on it x
She does haha. Oh my God...<3
'The young do not know enough to be prudent & therefore they attempt the impossible, & achieve it, generation after generation.' Pearl Buck
derrick is finally coming home from iraq. #thankyougod #thoughtthiswouldneverhappen :D
Welcome on board
Moving forward again on Slow Down Atlanta. Interested in long form narrative?
i bought that, too. for basically the same reason.
Anica, Keely and I say hi harvey!
I made up with my lover tonight
I thought that shirt would indicate that you were a new mom. But now I understand that just the shirt is new and just looks
how did your confusion go
she's coming to Cinci on Monday and Tuesday, let's get drunk and make her cook for us
Yes, his work on archives & "virtual reunification" looks really fascinating. Thanks for posting the link!
When people start acting brand new and shit cause they just got paid..
Hey #Milwaukee, if u know young minorities ages 13-21 doing POSITIVE things in the community, let me know, I'd love to write about them!
I have a few haha.. Bleu by Chanel, Burberry Touch for men, Play by Givenchy & Armani Code are some of my favs
Craving for some McDonald's!
At the pharmacy.
Well fuck grades.
Where's my CB ppl at??? 2nite we going in at Venue 162...ripping mics, converting fans 2 the religion of dopeness
Great first meeting with looking forward to featuring you on our show!
try one more time I can't click the image. It takes me somewhere else
thanks for the RT. My guess is that Apple doesn't like Yahoo very much.
Please see my answer on to: Do i have to pay child suport if my wife and i are seperated because of a restraini...
Looking forward to 's Social Advertising webinar tomorrow! Anyone else going to be tuning in?
i may be turning into a twitter addict... rut rowww
ancient aliens is trippin me out right now
Newly available! The whole 4th floor of RBP is available for lease! Currently divided into two suites, it can be made into one large office!
d'oh.. maybe next time.
Michigan vs. Minnesota tonight at 6:00pm on ESPN...Go Blue!
Just had a screaming & terrified moment with killing a huge spider.
Wendy, I would like to see Toni in playboy.
Clam chowder Friday today at the LR! Happy Friday PDX!
All these heart broken girls, twittering and posting on facebook about their ex, you didn't loose anything, he missed out, get over it
LeFlop James, see you in the 4th!
Lance said i can't go swimming with him& nick because i don't like three ways... Lmao
Gameworks yesterday. Chuck-e-Cheese today. Yup, birthday party season.
It's in Annapolis, on West Street.
Suffered a mesh injury? www.meshinjury.com
I really wish I had sometime to cuddle with right now
yeah me and my sister both got then....but it till doesn't solve the whole headache thing
thanks for putting it all together!
-_- crazy world
good morning to you hun! Did you sleep well? Any plans for today?
decided to dress less chavvy today?
reported phishing emails w/ur front email accountnotify however it comes from waccountnotify. Pls let users know
happy anniversary lady! To many more! Can't wait till our big day!
Whereever your Mum is, we're sure she's proud of the woman you grew up to be!
Day 5 of terrible packed lunches. Today: icky turkey & raw, but bruised, banana. I'll be HONGRY for dinner!
RT : Best of luck to all participants in the Race for the Cure!
na. I didn't think he would b on here. Send me his info
if Jeremy Lin wants to make his mark in this city, games like tonight are big! bright lights of #nyc lets go
My dear lady, what a marvelous prankster you are!
Fuck! The guys flaked out. Allegedly tagged a bottom while I was on my way. What is a whore to do to get raw fucked on this island.
your sister just came up and gave me a hug Haha :D I had to pick up Megan :)
The first Bell's #oberon ale of the season is always so so nice
#commontattoos crosses and r.i.p.
We like corn bread and biscuits, if its broke round here we fix it
yeah same here. I hate texting people first because I feel like I'm bothering them.
People treat you with the same amount of respect that you treat yourself with, If u don't have respect for yourself no one else will
i love u justi so much ur thge best singer in the history of the universe lolo:)<3
The most generous choices,especially the persevering, r the fruit of profound & prolonged union w God in prayerful silence.Pope John Paul II
Hi Dallas Wine Chick - thanks for following Better WIne Guide! Love your blog too - fine work!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse was rocking last night for Pacers vs Bulls. Sellout and several concession stands ran out of beer.
With the #Yankees trailing the #Mariners 4-1, Joe Girardi sends out Andy Pettitte for the 7th inning.
funny, it's usually the other way around with me
Thanks for the mention.
Happy Birthday, !! :)
True love is a discipline in which each divines the secret self of the other and refuses to believe in the mere daily self.
Has everyone gotten their tickets/rooms for Super Bowl?
you never txt me :( && I do miss you</3
Needs more followers! :) And people to follow!
That shit is real man smh
If any of you want to heavily influence my march madness bracket would be much appreciated :)
#DailyMindfulness I turned the radio off to practice mindful driving. Nonjudgment practice in traffic = priceless.
*takes slut boots off and puts on pjs & eats pizza*
Your 13. You smoke, your not a virgin and you wear more makeup than you do clothes. Your mom must be so proud!
During the day my phone like never rings. 2 in the morning I get like 4 calls.
Nothing really belongs to you, and for that matter you don't really belong to anyone. Arya Holmes.
Is Don Gibble and associates a good managment company?
A university research fellow has been arrested after a 15-year-old girl died and three of her friends were treated in hospital having
. Not where I was seated. And the upper reaches were certainly greater than 50% Bulls fans.
Tip of the night: when your agent sends you an email with all the details, please read it and re read it again before asking questions.
Can we stop showing Flip Saunders. He looks really great, we get it.
I can't check my mention
isn't the show now?
Happy Halloween be safe. Specyphi what you believe.......
Loyalty...honesty...trust...respect
Then, go away?
What position will you draft this year?
hey I know you don't have a fb so I just thought I'd tell you the small school time capsule reunion is may 22nd at 5:30!
What is the most prestigious college that I can get into?
proposed hashtag for the conference:
I have a cold on Valentine's Day -- really?!
If you need new or used tires for your car and you in stockton get at me
Flavors of the week: Chocolate Goddess and Hazelnut. Get 'em before they run out!
So this vegetarian fish is now a meat eater and is now eating the balls off of male villagers.This fishes bottom teeth look like human teeth
asdfghjkl, thank you. I'm putting the photos on my computer
Happy Monday! How was your weekend? Did you spend it doing something fun?
I'm glad you feel amazing now:).. Everything is alright right now.. I guess. Everything's is better:)
my mama always get her feelings hurt when i forget to call.
Good tip haha RT Reminder: You can't cite "Twitter" as a news source. That's like citing "the TV" or "a piece of paper."
Don't forget today is the last day for the training discount! Don't miss out! Promo code TRAINING.
he was eating and choked, passed out and fell on his head. He will never walk again or sing as tube are allover him keeping him alive.
You read the Saturday Night Live book? By the guys who wrote the ESPN book?
Christian says explore ways for more passively gathering data
Good morning people !!!
Sounds like a plan!
Occupy the tombs!
how long is hart out for?
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible
ha alright!
Wow. Comic nerds ...walking? Outside in the light? Amazing. Must have been bottles of Mountain Dew hidden throughout the city.
I tried a Doritos taco last night. #makearunfortheborder, that shiznik is goot.
Travel Insured Urges Travelers to Invest in Airline Ticket Protector As 2012 ... - PR Web (press release)
Will the Congress Unplugged! video podcasts be available soon?
“: Just because it's your common sense, doesn't mean it's theirs. cc:” so true!
Oh okay.
Playing wsop $1600 main in west palm beach. Up to 37k from 20k starting stack at 100-200 25 ante on a really wild hand.
EuroGayYemenGitmoBugs - Tonight on the
thanks for the follow! we love to cook, too. =)
RT : Much praise for #ADDY creative & support
WunderMap Layers API is just days away from launch! Fire it up. What will you build?
I spent more time picking out a font for my poem than I did actually writing it
I'm not tired yet. One too many cans of #MountainDew .
LOL - Yeah, I met some of them at WPC or TechEd last year.
no she not HappyBirthdayJanet
Thoughts on Vikes' draft?
you and Franco Columbo were monsters I really love the documentry you made in Pumping Iron!!
That's because I do the web site and a professional does the book cover!
I wish I had the old Bluejays back. I miss when you dominated the court :)
and you're so much prettier when you smile...
Today is my last day as Mr. AHS. I'd just like to thank everyone for the opportunity, I wouldn't trade the experience for the world.
HaleYeah to my Reese!!! RT : I respect the bob barker but no mother fucker touch my dogs balls
thank you baby.
Not the greatest feeling when you cry for no reason.
much better than being lonely.
thanks for getting my shirt!! just let me know when it's in!!
Some boys think of girls just like books. If the cover doesn’t catch their eyes, they won’t even bother to read what’s inside.
Lois Lowry: It is very risky. But each time a child opens a #book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere
Opilio Crab tonight!! Half off Every Monday! Come and get it!
RT : Glad to see you at the park! Hope you are enjoying it/ absolutely!
what a good friend!
Still shuddering at the meaty spider (& egg sack) that I stomped on this morning upon her trying to enter my house as I left. Shud-der-ing.
Honk if you retweet!
Check out Mary McCormack, highlighted vendor at HRResourcePortal.Com. International speaker and Consultant.
delete it! I got it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
It’s Monday Night Football at home! 49ers playing the Pittsburgh Steelers @ Candlestick - 5:30PM PST
that's a harsh caution!
Facebook has a bad flaw for its Facebook fan pages. Any admin has the power to highjack the account and it's very hard to get it back from.
darlings...what a wonderful night...love you gals!
Don't really care what you think about Pres. Obama but ending Iraq is massive. It's bigger than anything. Wait, pepper spray at Walmart!
Huntsman: Technology makes it easier to bully people in this day and age
Congratulations on the Tedx license!
i want to go fisshuing so bad man
I knew #Packy was turning 50 this weekend - Had NO idea he was going to be knighted by the #RoyalRosarians. Will he wear a white straw hat?
Just started using twitter to publicize the book. Stumbled across you on someone elses list. Goodluck with student teaching.
I have! It's great.
I have this horrible feeling that Brooklyn Decker and Andy Roddick are in a fight right now
Fuck I left my headphones
Blacklight: Retribution Review
Don't DM about how I should "check out your new song."
I'm starving. Can't eat them but they're delicious.
Tippet is such a sore loser!
im know i should'nt be missing about the past but i always fail to do so,hais.what's this.
Melodys from haven rain down on me
Tomorrow I'll be waking up at 515am to begin wiring the 15th floor of the BoA building downtown for electricity. Summer jobs rule.
YEAH FUCKEN WIFE RAPIST
love you.
Don't miss EMIERTs "Power of Multicultural Exhibits" to learn ways to build intercult relationships, 6/27, 9-11am, Hyatt Regency
so nice to have a tasting-menu-only option in town! I'm such a fan.
Interesting. Sometimes it's just so hard to share the value of newer systems and ideas! :-( [googles Ryan for pacification]
listening to black woman music <3
They never should have canceled Drake and Josh.
@ Lincoln Center for the 3rd Night of the Winter Season: Balanchine's 'Concerto Barocco', a little Brecht/Weill + Strauss' 'Vienna Waltzes'
Every time I order sushi & the restaurant knows my address and order before I even ask, I thank god for whoever invented caller ID.
Why don't you guys comeover instead?-.- All of you live close to me.
Yea Gasp has top quality. Tell Michael hello and need to catch up when you can. Have a safe trip
I know what you mean .
Home girl behind me won't stop chomping her gum in my ear. Are you a cow? #biggestpetpeeve <U+E52B>
I think it's time for a movie marathon! May the 4th be with you!
Bar hopping in chi. Why is there more than 1 blue frog in river north?
Sometimes you don't always get what you want.
Sure, I'd read that. RT : What we talk about when talk about moving our cheese, but were afraid to ask.
enjoying this time off...relaxin and watching tv
I want a shower like the one shown in the Kohler commercial.
The always entertaining is getting set to take the stage, get here for a night of tomfoolery and $3PBR Tall Boys!
I was prolly in college 20y before you, so it's been in disfavor to some extent for a while now
Got a Google+ invite and a Spotify invite within a couple hours.. Good day so far!
just putting my wagers in now :) Hopefully we get aross the wire 1st in most.
Looking forward to the possibility of interactive movie nights at River Hills Pizza!
no shit we just turned it back
Can these kids please get away from me. Nippy things they are. Ugh.
las Vegas this friday:D four hour delay in Dallas tho ahah.funn(:
One thing is for sure, I'm not trying to be famous,I'm trying to be SUCCESSFUL!
Ghost is on lifetime. I swear that movie used to be better. weird.
thanks man. I looked into both of those options and got nothing. But thanks man
There is just so much you can take.
Just tredmill & yoga
This chick so sad! Nobody is THINKING about you and YOUR broke ass! Stay out my TIMELINE!
Not sure, but I seem to be the only one in the office with the new size...
Just got two tickets to the UGA/GT baseball game tonight... Now who is going with me??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Prediction: People freak when forced to new #Facebook Timeline profile. Data will show time spent on each profile/page increases 10%.
What disciplinary action would Shanahan have taken if Kaner took one of Elliott's eyes out with the exploding puck shrapnel?
Thanks, Callie. We appreciate it.
you sound like a girl.
Wow good work! Congrats on completing your first draft.
I beat this person 5x in a row in #wordswithfriends and they keep rematching!
Then call the May Tag repair man. He has a better chance of fixing this machine than Hatcher does.
I want to Turn my anger into action & help in some way. Maybe start a donation fund for the victims counseling.
Dick is dead...Long Live Vagina!!!!
Can you just love me ugh
I don't watch the NBA. I just think the chronicles of Labron are funny
and you dont have to pay stupid taxes to rent a car because you're not an "adult" until then. But I digress...happy monday! :)
Admit it....you wish you were in San Diego covering this....and then hitting the beach afterwards w/ a margarita in hand
A very manly muppet.
my face got sunburned today from PT
Hey Ladies.. Did yo Man drop you off at work in your 2003 Kia and pull off Blasting ? Yo Relationship AINT SHIT! :)
Hello, weekend!
Jeremy, can Joker turn this thing around?? Or is it a lost cause??
Glad to see my president get gangsta a little.
IM GOING
So hi i'm Diana and i just got back from my bestfriend's dad's bday gathering :) hbu ? lmao
How do you like it?
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Breath Remedy Dental Floss and most oral care products.
Sounds great. I'll take two, please.
I'm jealous lol
Sorry for the MIA folks! We've been working hard on our #OneforOne...Stay tuned & stay
we are always in need of help bro!! contact us to so we can chat.thanks for the support
Thanks for 644 Follower <U+2665><U+2665>
I know I'm not in #Canada, but I'm nosing in on your talk anyway ;)
don't die!
ouch.. SP suspended one year. Mickey Loomis 8 game and $500k fine. Saints fined $500k and a second round pick in 2012 and 2013.
Your hair looks good!!
Catch up son. Thanks, friend, for wishing us well at #INCBattleBands! Much to be done, but we're hyped!
thanks Kate (:
oh eat well, love ya babes
you too! Good talking to you. Stay well, and keep in touch xx :)
Rage welcome some new players:Andrew Soehrmann,Michael Grabowski,Jordan Woodard,Montrell Stewart,Bobby Longoria,and Jon Giobardo.
Im actually working on a cover for No matter what (Party All Night Long) so yay! lol
congrats! i just wish i can get some.. :(
#Orioles fans racing to BWI to see #ChrisDavis land charter plane on runway.
Goodmornin` , What's wrong ? :/
Backstage at the RAVE for KISSmas bash, gonna interview the New Boyz in a few! Hope your coming tonight!
French tourists all over and critical of my photo skillz
what can I say , #Product2 be hittin!!!!!!
I adore her.
World's worst telemarketer? This a.m.:"I'm calling from the League of con... con...Conversational Voters."
It's funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice. But once you make one mistake it's never forgotten.
You can change it back in System Prefs ;P
Vote for HR1070
yes I'm so down with that. Hopefully I don't get pissy again with the no "blended" options and the lack of chips!
DTV program great success!
: I've been thinking about doing the same as of late. Not really a terribly good use of time. Congrats!
The #IceBergHunt is coming! Follow next Tuesday to get clues on how to win a #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition ticket!
yeah it feels real. I feel like a superhero now.
Maine was MAD BORING. Literally nothing to do. Hopefully transferrint to UMass Boston! How's Bridgewater?
Line & fill in lips with a clear lip liner first, it'll keep the color from feathering or changing.
Good move by picking up - w/ Ralph Dunning to stay on as creative director. Good stuff guys.
hey girl I sent u that letter.... check your P&A email!
youu better :D
"When I feel good students get good grades." - #MBA prof. Quotes taken #outofcontext are fun
“: the braves have been on fire lately!”<-- yes sir…..looking good
One client prep down at one jail. Now to another more than 100 miles away...
At least if they are going to ruin my life with homework.. make it possible for me to complete I have so much left. WTF i haven't stopped
manny is really puzzled by the portable dishwasher.
"We also publish articles on travel, entertainment and psychedelics." -- magazine submission guidelines
Kepler Lucas :HEY YOU, STOP... ah, I'm pooped. Go ahead and walk across the yard.
When did u start loving music? And how would ur life be affected if u couldn't sing?
first the planet's heating up, now the moon's shrinking.....we're screwed
I did I didn't see anything in by which makes me sad :( and have fun
Kings of Colorado to be released in audio format June 7!
"It's just the rainy season" nothing like ' music to listen to while it rains buckets outside
16 candles...dream of the past or future nightmare
I like cherries. Do you like cherries?(:
And when i try u shut me down.
I LOVE BOXING!
2012 Samsung World Rowing Cup I (Belgrade, SRB) First medals awarded, final ... - Rowing News
if she has a really good sense of humor, send her the board game Operation...only if she'd take it well
hahaha my mom is so funny when talking about basketball players. especially brittney griner.
I'm so done feeling like this
Front Desk Thurs: El rio de Chena, ok. But I'm probably messing up w/ el perro en frente aka "lead dog". Not even gonna try "wheel dog".
nah dude im going snowboarding this weekend..good luck though
#MittRomneyFilms: Throw Momma From the train
Happy Monday #SanDiego! Let's make it a great week.
I can't wait either! We're all so excited!
made fun of Kyle & nat. The usual.
Up & Atom Ant! Let's get this week rolling.
This is some real live movie shit!!!
Really enjoy your late night show. Have been watching you from the very evening you began. Keep the humor and fun coming
That's why I refuse to call Written tickets make it easier to prove their incompetence, if I need to.
Attention Diabetics...We are offering a FREE trial of Avandamet, Januvia, & Janumet. Also, we have FREE Blood Glucose Machines.
"Associate with (people) of good quality, if you esteem your own reputation; for it is better to be alone than in bad company."
Nothing like taking part in a dear friend's wedding to put things in perspective. Things are good.
what will happen to traditional retail? PEI Licensing, Inc. Announces Agreement with PS Brands for Pro Player® Socks MIAMI--(BUSINESS WI
man, u ok? Just heard about another Tsunami over there?
look for teachers who demonstrate collaboration, systems thinking, innovation, reflection, & embrace ambiguity
I just want to sleep forever. I'm tired of everything.
lol i love how after a vid plays on 106 & park the artist AND the vid become a TT
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams" - Ted Giesel, known as Dr. Suess
Berlinale smells good in the morning!
three days away from my vacation
So fun!! “: OBT holiday revue with & Timber Jim was magic & joy.... #RCTID”
Her gender, race ad class were her true crimes.
Managed to retain some dignity getting through security...Chicago-bound for shoot. Happy Easter!
Boys II Men - I'll make love to you :) I love this song :)
You, too!
Shots of chartreuse. Yep, that kind of night.
it was great to meet you!
looks like far west enders will have best chance to see some clearing later into the afternoon and evening. Enjoy your Sunday!
Key insight by at #bcltorphanworks day 1 - To assess fairness, must look at who bears "error costs" of orphan works scheme.
gaby's is a cool spot and all but our man Q might be hyping it too much.
I just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching...my car into reverse and driving away from the accident.
Rush Limbaugh fired!
A welfare plan for a bunch of supposedly intelligent educated people who took risks? Sorry. Doing nothing is far better policy.
I'm not wearing fucking shants...
We're on Yahoo. CCFFL2011 ID(347189) PassWord(clippercutzz)
I declare myself Captain Obvious today -______-
Open the Shelby.tv app, then double-click the button to reveal your phone's open-apps menu.
ATTENTION WORLD!!!!!! BATTLESHIP WAS AN EPIC MOVIE That is all.
Africa ain't ratchett? EGYPT PASSES NEW FAREWELL INTERCOURSE LAW . . . WHERE A MAN IS ALLOWED ONE TIME . . . TO HAVE SEX WITH HIS DEAD WIFE!
i did it i have two sources that i can use for most of my paper and now i need to craft a masterpiece of melvillian criticism by tuesday
post that on my facebook wall, watch my mom "like" it
I dont think you can buy a panda anywhere!! SIT YO AXX DOWN!!
Tripe checking. Is that like a gut check?
Glad to hear it! O, gonna be a FUN week for ya! YAY!!! Doing well here. Loving all this sunshine :)
yo phone on?
We will look into it. Thanks for the heads up.
Doing whats best for me...not trying to hurt you!
ring ring ring ring ;)
Thank you for an amazing journey (can't just call it "meal") today! Thank Larry & Guillem, entire team, as well :) impeccable
Yes! They want to replace them all with computers (worked as researcher because of that movie!) going well, thanks! You?
There are definitely not still flannel sheets or pajamas on my bed.
Waiting to see the Dr. is nerve racking. Just tell me what`s wrong with me already!
is Jackson going to be at any more PBR events???
i love you.... hows sammy without the d man?? missing you -- my mama wants dance lessons lol
"Amplify the question rather than answering it" on what information and technology ideally would do MCN2011
immaaa miss youu, my city of angels.
What are you getting dad/hubby for Father's Day?
Awesome to hear about the new site !!!! Merry Christmas !!
Beyond the Summit: An Everest Adventure and Romance is FREE today for your kindle. Go to amazon for the free download.
Wow, thanks! I'll take a look at these! :)
Live stream up and working
omg. I'll look 4 the name of the cookies I bought the other day. U might fall off the wagon 4.
Morning clinic shift makes for a great start to the week. Love seeing patients!
Hey ! it was nice seeing you to , I hope all is well
#TwilightQuiz Starting At 6:30 Winner Gets A Undetemened Prize (You Can Get Answers Off Google If You Want, IDC) Tweet Me If you In
the "somebody that I used to know" cover was amazing
OMG 2 weeks left in the year. What's been your favorite moment of 2011?
Sitting here listening to music.
I'd prefer free but premium is fine too. Am looking for something with a similar aesthetic to seven five but more functional
Thanks 4 the mention
In my lab working on something smooth and laid back. Damn I need to learn keys. Cause it takes me forever to lay out my ideas.
My day consistss of laying in bed and watching tv haha yours ? :D
Columbus Day should be replaced with Leif Erickson Day: 1. Leif was here first 2. Nice Beard 3. Did not commit genocide
#HappyMonday ! Have a productive and blessed day!
offal truck = bankrupt truck
If you Acknowledge the Truth & Resolve to confront it with a commitment to Pursue...the solution will manifest itself.
Why is school so boring, I've been here for 5 mins and wanna pull the hair out of my head
"ladies, meet my Eye sight UP here"
Jeff Corwin...conservation conflict - habitat loss - medicine comes from rainforests!
Still news vans and people at beverly Hilton for Whitney.
because I'm a caring BEST FRIEND and need to know all this crap. <U+E056><U+E012><U+E05A>
Dear Pauly D, i love u &all but i u need to move over. I would like to see Thankyou. Sincerly, an ICONiac(:
im not mikey, but happy birthday c:
Not a big fan of "white Hispanic", Over the yrs., tend to describe myself as 1/2 Hispanic when people ask.
OMG i just realized that ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER is a Trend Worlwide ahahah omg!!! n_n
Had a crazy good time at improv tonight with
Get real-time tracking of all referrals sent and received, allowing you to maintain full accountability www.SmartGuy.com
good my friends bye the love to all
Social Impact Bonds: New Winds of Change in Canada - Pro Bono Australia
hate to break it to you, but from the moment we are born, we start dying
Your welcome America. #St.Patty'sDay
Harry, I took care of it...
Performance can improve simply by workign harder. Innovation changes the experience of working alltogether
In the heat of the night
Praying for my fellow Hoosiers impacted by the devastating tornadoes today.
It will all work out Unnie! I promise! I know what you mean though I like to have plans in place to, the unknown is scary
but that is def tweet-worthy. i still think the bus drivers for the 88 bus are the nicest.
the fairest one should never be a ingenue hateful she-bully, but someone who, like you and me can truly be extraordinary.
I need a haircut
Either way, I'm bound to disappoint despite my valiant effort.
I feel the same way...but I ask questions so I can be the listener. You and I would not be good in a conversation together.
Lol.. I hate it when people hate on the people you most love, i feel like stabbing them.
I need to buy a new helmet. Mine makes me look like a douchebag
how are you?? Come over soon.... We miss you
That awkward mpment when I should have shaved my legs.
SOL•SKETCHES™ IS SEEKING GALLERY SPACE FOR UPCOMING ART SHOWS/EXHIBITIONS & VISUAL ARTIST COLLABOS - In need of an A&R REP - Inquire within.
#rbms09 RBMS announced today that preconference registration has reached 225 registered attendees. 200 spaces remain open.
RT : ..lock the memories in a box & move on!! :)
#smile *~Live.Love.Laugh~*
I have one and it was worth the money. Get it!!!!
Tonight's episode of #GossipGirl was great... you both amaze me every week
thanks for calling me a nobody. :(
If you get them you should tweet us a pic! We're all about showin' off some
i tlk to him somehow through someone not all the time but maybe once a year hahaha. lmfao thats all
5 South Commerce/Downey, why do you hate me so?
#MyThoughtsDuringSex " I love you" / #mythoughtsaftersex " get me the f*** out of here"
Welcome to all our new actors & casting directors!
Just suffered my first loss on my bracket!
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 9
Coda on Sunday evenings is a great hang for Latin Jazz in SF Check it out
Why sit around doing nothing when you can go out and do something? Be responsible, stay above the influence.
Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings, too.
Woke up to Easter sunshine! Have fun today.
hi jacob!
Not soon enough, but it'd be MEGA-RIFFIC! RT : When are we getting a Captain N and the Game Master game?
Sid does it.
We love to watch the bocci tourney on Saturday!! And of course the awesome food & wine
#nmrealestate I am here.
At 8th grade career day in Racine (McKinley) - going to give it to them straight... this job is EASY ;)
It's really HOT!! today.
i said the same thing
hahaha I was like "Hey Colleen!" then I was like "why am I so stupid...."
Watching Boys playing handball
Jewish Proverb~ Dont look for more honor than your learning merits.
I want zaxbys
and #amp and #coffee together
Unbelievable #shootingstar coming down over Tampa Bay 10 minutes ago. I thought it was going into the bay.
you're wonderful
Love isn<U+FFFD>t love until you give it away. Unknown Author
Dear men,when comin 2 d gym,wear spandex underneath ur shorts,some of US get distracted seeing ur tiny tools dangling pendulumly..annoying
Obama's call for firing bad teachers gets standing ovation.
ok Lets Do that!!! or you Can Give it to Me then I'll Give it TO Her From Me and you!! =)
Just dropped in the mail - let us know where you end up sticking them! :)
screw that, i smoke too and i dont like it. but i get pissed when people tell me that i shouldnt
Nothing changes if nothing change - Earnie Larson
The Cubs are starting to play some good Ball.
OUTSIDE SHOW Feb Sun 06 Cream, Bread, Butter 08, Peaches $7
I wish durant was on my team lol
Students are more engaged the less I say.
That was a makeup
I made the pb/apple/banana sandwich today! Wow, so good! Didn't toast mine but I wish I did.
there is nothing more precious to me than time with my
Confession time. I have never seen an episode of Twin Peaks.
gave you a shout out on wake up w the Wagners downtown bootcamp
"Your Honor, can I be represented by a bear instead?" - How I imagine Kangaroo Court
i don't know which park i'll be at hahahah
OH: "raw unpasteurized milk is, like, a gateway drug to all kind of other dairy"
it's funny. I just said that to some friends!!! Karma it's for real!!!
Is the baddest man on the planet, wow, what an F'n awesome video. Thank you for saying it...
I used to do it when I smoked, its counter productive. But DAMN it feels good. gets into yr blood stream much faster
Monica looks amazing now shooting beauty look!
Just heard Lotus Flower Bomb, def a hit... something about rap and r&b that just mix so well!
Thanks for spreading the word!
Blazers vs Hornets and winterhawks vs rockets tonight...blazers need a win, winterhawks look to advance to 2nd rd
Wow, a much closer game than I thought.
Not a day goes by that I don't think of you.
I could not be happier about being on #TheGoodWife! It completes my Sunday night, he's amazing
Bailey lives in Tacoma!
Pressure creates diamonds & stress causes heart attacks
"No matter you're going in life,never forget where you came from.."
Absolutely! Thanks, Jennifer!
I didn't know there were Hobbits from Mexico? I'm looking at you Mario Gutierrez.
I remember saying last year that the summer of 2012 could be one of the biggest of all time. Guess I was right so far.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary
When you breathe deeply, your diaphragm drops down and your belly swells outward, expanding your ribcage, opening up more space.
"Walk-&-talk" & Josh Lyman now appearing in my feed so I guess I gotta start watching #parksandrec. After hoc, therefore something else hoc.
one less paper cut to worry about!
#Yeehaw! Hoedown 2 is tonight y’all! We don’t have a mechanical bull but our $5 whiskey double cocktails are the best next thing.
Mtg underway now at #CV city hall re: potential mandatory spay/neuter ordinance. Another one Sat. Oct. 29 at 9 a.m.
Playing 2k12 till I crash and fall asleep.
Best singer in 50 years...
#yvsoupsunday was a great end to a great weekend! Lots of fun and lots of good food!
- requires ability to read.
Must stay impartial.
ha. What a queer, rooting for the rays.
Merry Christmas everyone. Enjoy it. Stay warm and dry.
Nano spiders and more techno bugs! Yikes! Hope I'm not allergic to the bite
Sharing a bottle waitress with flo rida
Did your children’s sleep patterns change as they grew?
bill oreilly is a mile wide and an inch deep!!!
doesn't look like it... She said she didn't wanna be with kc anymore
I'm going to play soon as well, it ran yesterday. Usually we can start it if it's not running yet
lol that was too crazy! You were so slick about it :P
Just some guy. Whenever he shows me some Apple toy I just say, "that's nice." It totally pisses him off. I love it.
Our Sacramento office closes at 3 p.m. today and reopens Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2012. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from CAOC!
Mom convinced me to keep bugging about coming down to the station. She thought I had a future in TV.
i'm not gonna teach you how to dougie because there's some things you should figure out on your own.
The excitement I get when a friend of mine is tagged in a FB pic from someone who I'm not friends with and album is public is embarrassing.
what's your favorite thing to bake ?
<---- finna go to college Study
Oh lord. i was so scared! Never do that again!
Working on a kids booklist. Why are there so many books about orphans?
SO EXCITED! Gonna be #AMAZING<33
is checking out Google+
When Whittney boo calls me and I dnt answer, then i call her back and she sends me to voicemail :(
Pretty Little Liars . Yummie Apple Pie =]
I really need to close my eyes !!
Comment the pics and ill return the favor. Texts are welcomed:) ~*FaRmEr'S DaUgHtEr <3*~
So my bros best friends bro can get free tickets to anything happening in the bank Atlantic center can I have 1D tickets for July? Lolol
We will miss you, Whitney Houston. You have allowed me to dance with somebody..somebody who loves me
Bout today at 3pm! Doors are at 2 so be sure to come early and get a good seat!
#FF everyone talking about
Use a margin strategy instead of just revenue. 10% is from dues. Rest is certification and events. No margin, no mission
Had a dream that followed me..
it was nice seeing you, too!
what time you goin be done w work
Love California for photographing Native cultures... So many tribes... so little time....
lol hush up n thanks
It doesn't get any more ignorant than Bartow County, Georgia.
The crowd at #ladygaga is doing the wave!
#ThingsIGottaTeachMySon how to have class & be a gentleman.
Home today? and I are in an episode of Emeril's Table - 11am on Hallmark Channel (84 on TWC).
Lololol hahahaha I'm dying! I'm sorry u got sick but dang 6lbs....can I get food poisoning!?!?
But they gave us wine, art & le grenouille. Feel better! RT These frenchie ancestors of mine are turning into a migraine
practice moved to saturday...i actually have a thurs night off...hm what to do?... jstnhgn
i cant wait until fred2 comes out...IM SOO EXCITED!!!
RT : I aint mad or sad or nun.... I dont feel shit right now . #IsThatBad ?
7lbs down! Woo!
Beautiful tribute to Cathy Hughes #imageawards. Almost wish I didn't have to take off in a bit, love to watch the rest of this.
RT : Discovered an interesting pc of #CA govt history today at sfmoma: Office of Appropriate Technology (1976-1983).
Happy New Year! Here's to being grateful for all we have and following our dreams in 2012!
That's actually a good question I hope they'll answer it in their next interviewEveryone's curious
just checking to see if everything is all good. Any links?
This week: contract fight heats up at Uic, Christmas caroling the mayor who stole Christmas, fighting for Chicago city clinics.
My family can work a nerve
My birthday this Saturday RT if we have the same birthday !!
you are one hott man in that suit.....good luck on finishing the race babe!!
Be ready for May 23rd Deepstack tournament is COMING!
What a day did some work, had a great time with my awesome family, and now it's time to hang out with just the wife.. Great day!!
#DSIC12 announces Semi-Finalists! Thanks to everyone that has posted, voted or supported the record number of projects received this year.
I noticed you are in England so this might be random but do you guys celebrate cinco de mayo there like we do here in the states?
I just started back up in the last few weeks, do that shit! No excuses :-P
Beautiful day in Tucson. What are your plans?
#idedicatethiscupofhenny to !!! Let's get this paper!!!
Me either .! Lol
I'm so happy!
with a tie
Good night NM!
...Update! Things are progressing nicely! Right on schedule :) PICS coming soon!
just had to go there, didn't you
I don't have a bucket list but my fuck-it list is a mile long...
So much to do,so little time.
and I mean that in the best way possible.
what's your news....I'm nosey.lol
Hi there! Tks for the follow! Appreciate it! Looking forward to your tweets!
It's freezing in the Midwest. I'm going to go swimming in 's eyes. Later.
if it's anything like his past ones he will knock it out of the park!
If you knew anything about the Jewish religion you would know that we still mourn the Egyptions who died in the time of the Exodus!
We love Baldwin - a bachelor and nice guy. Is he still hanging around G-town while not on some sortuva "mission"?
On the grind til 5 then show feat. B Mc C at Maple Tavern in the Grove at 9! Make sure ur there tonight n if u need directions hit me up!!!
Use the moderator feature in Visimeet to control other's audio and video input
Im Cool.(; I'ma Be The New Upgraded Negro. I'ma Be Popping That Bubbly!(; That's Whaasssup Bro. ILoveYouToo!<3[nh)
Did forget to pay their website hosting bill?
thanks! looking forward to it! :)
good question think you could make a detour?
No problem hun.
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing. <3 E.S
and #CalzoneConfessions I have to miss PLL because I'm dressing for the other creation
One word: loud
I wish I could take your class, educate the youth. We need it more then ever.
Another thing humans will always do better than robots - Dance Flamenco!
- ok, I will ask them when to expect. thx. can't wait. want them in all 3 colors for my bike rides!!
Ha! So true. RT : I thought some foreign radio station was on, but it was just Dave Matthews #WhatIsHeSaying?
My brother from another mother what is up! We need to connect. Panda Power!!
Happy New Years EVE!!:)
I missed you the other day.
Know anyone looking to buy a home in Texas? We are closing some killer rates right now!
he hasn't said anything. Maybe he's still sleeping? I, on the other hand, wasn't happy to wake up this way.
finally registering for #MARAC & having difficulty choosing a Fri PM session. Childhood interest vs. current job vs. getting my next job.
Guns and roses tonight welcome to the jungle mutha fucker
Thrilled to be giving a seminar today on Roof Integrated Solar to my friends at the Roof Consultants Institute in Manassas, VA!
back to back rings!!!
Dear man.
i thinking about japanese cuisine for #experimonth anyone know of a good cookbook. also thinking about sushi!
looking forward to #IUBB making a run in the Big Ten tournament. But first, ready for another Drive for 5 for
RnSWQBPl3 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Free Zumba and Yoga classes at the EP library this month.
exactly. It's something about the fat and the spice. You dab wasabi on the fish and the dip a corner of the fish in soy sauce
Thanks :) And thank you for following me as well :)
I need a weekend to get over my weekend...ugh
School probably isn't happening tomorrow.
What is the info for the summer park tour, could you dm me the info please
and I will NOT be giving my 2 week notice at work- we didn't win the #MegaMillions but it was fun imaging that much $$$
ima loose my composure
What type of bowl? China, Corelle, Wood, Expensive....
the whole rihanna and chris brown thing was over a text msg? oh ok that is super dooper cool
I dont have a crush on him chill lol well its cause hes a young man that speaks out about bullying and hes making a change
Roger that. Sounds like we might miss ya. Travel safe!
I kept my promise, don't keep your distance
Hey Jamie, losings never fun, but here's something to pick your spirits up. It's real nice, I got it at Target, it was on sell.
What the hell ?
DOWNTON ABBEY Season 2....about to begin.....(Season 1 was exceptional)
Hi Grace! I'm interested in hearing more about StartingUp Now and looking forward to hearing the presentation at !deation!
Sounds good!
it's perfect for that!!
If you eat until you are sick you gotta sleep until your better
#thesitter is awesome and funny!?
wow that's a lot of pressure!
getting paid to sit in traffic.
It's likely for there to be a dance with life, a innovative response to its intrinsic limitations and problems.
who do I contact to invite you to speak? Blessings man of God
SUP WHOREEEE =D
I would hope No one would want to be me, but i love you and i and fabulous
I had! I routinely laugh at your Jason Bay avatar....but thankfully he's weeks from coming back! so I look less...but still
Were you born a bigot?
i think nose studs look weird on guys but everything else looks good
At home watching Chelsea lately. I love her! Lol
I Hate Pity. If they try and hide it I can see it in their eyes. I'm strong & independent. I can deal with things myself. I am not weak.
seriously tho!! Or like their friends that don't wear em! It's a good question ugh. I'm just tryna understand lol
First tweet: (It is 2012 after all). made the cut, as did , Finally #southland is back. Bring on #walking dead
Rant and gush
Good, I give a cyber cuddle to bab, how you feeling? x x
Thanks! I hope everyone enjoys the weekend!
Anybody who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach flunked geography.
#Nationals C Sandy Leon, making his MLB debut, leaves with a right leg injury after a collision at home.
Do they sleep at night?
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate, our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure
ugh just use 69696969 then hahahah
Great to see you connected with your
put them in the torture rack like lex luger. after? send me a pair of the entourages. right on playa.
Ok God, I'm going to do your work. Help my #WhiteSox out....
It's not just flopping. Block/charge arc has made refs lazy. They don't look at body positioning, only whether in or out.
I love it when all the local #Starbucks serve Cafe Verona. It's like they're saying, "We're really sorry for Pike Place, Tim"
Traveling a lot for Google. Shooting videos. High fiving people when appropriate. I'm doing well. You?
Marian is now breaking down Dcenter Baltimore's us of place and relationships as a material.
If you ever hear someone say "I'm bored" in #Milwaukee -they don't know what they're talking about. this Thurs. at
sadly, im often up at this hour ...
What's your buggest frustration in life?
No one knows her heart conditions
Aspic. Meat jello? I'm makin some.
I'm not the clingy type if you don't wanna make it work --then fuck it I'm done
What's good!? Did you ever finish that BE track?
The thoughts in my mind are an ENIGMA! (>.<)
Long enough to know what a sub par NFL QB & high school football coach look like.
"Style is my choice of drug, and fashion is my dealer" L.N.B. Style
Hoping to get a movement started to KEEP THE BEAVERS IN PORTLAND! (Where they've been for a century...)
- Should I buy you a #Tebow jersey for Christmas this year?
"Who would have guessed reading and writing would pay off?" ~ Homer Simpson
The international conference is coming to Denver soon! We are excited to meet you all!
quick moment to gloat...fixed home wifi and it didn't cost me a single cent (just brain energy!)
#reasonsThatimsingle #incollege gin and juice and Chris Hansen , my life story told in twitter trends
will begin 0 seconds of meditation in 0 seconds with
that would be the hand rail!
Happy birthday America!! Here's to many more!!
how do u do the hash tag thing
Woohoo! All done with Christmas shopping and mailing out presents all that's left is cookies.
Knicks have to trade Melo or bring in Phil Jackson
Load Up With Banner & Text Ads Credits Special - 10000 Traffic Exc., 25000 F. Ad, 50000 Banner & 50000 F. Banner Credits = $9.98
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Two of my favorite print publications: & Still a huge fan of news that I can hold in my hand and twist & bend.
Still not convinced? Psychic will be offering tarot readings on Saturday and Sunday. Are you too frightened to know the truth?
I don't know where all that just came from but I guess I deserve it somehow.
Dude. holy fuck....oh my god.. When i hear those tornado sirens.. Im runnin.
I'm in the wrong department :)
Victory cigarets are more enjoyable.
And now I'm awake sick
Welcome, Patron of the Arts :)
omg i cant wait to see pictures :)
get a kindle.
Happy Hump Day, tweethearts!!
I love you and your tweets:)
#OperationDarkFoxx has turned my pillow orange.
The Horse is outta the Barn! A double play then 5 Ks in last 6 batters. Pioneers lead 9-1 as we go to top 9th.
I love that NeNe is finally being the peace maker!
I have punk
I need an awesome door prize to get people to my annual HOA mtg so we have a quorum and get things done. Ideas? Offers? We're in 78240.
sign me up, graphic designer in Cincy
I'm just gonna yolo tomorrow. And tonight. And every night. Ha.
Hit up at 4pm to get some good brew and bites from !
RT : #actors It's strange when you don't have 1 single smiling headshot on your commercial account. Smile, w/ teeth! :D
apollo just had a bath and his teeth brushed. Now we're off to REI for some gear and a city hike tonight :-)
call me bru
Stop that. Get a new doctor. Move to Australia.
My son just corrected my grammar in polite conversation.
Mani/Pedi with my lil sister, Chik-fil-a, haircut, dermatologist, Christmas cards. Busy day.
I sure hope so, I'm so happy, I'm gonna have a little bundle of joy :) I like this US better then the Vagina one lol
Thanks for following!
im getting a haircut
Glad you could make it today! See you online!
I might do fucked up things but u don't have to call me stuiped!!
Back massage while you get your pedi >
LAUVE this. 1st the Holdup now the Bike Line!
would be honored! We're just working on getting a SM group started; we should talk soon re: details. Tx!
Cuss iRelize That Im Your Woman !
I love him
Haa thanks for the otter love :) but I've never been to Monterey, Cali. I'm from Washington, silly.
wat would u rate me?
Which #BCS bowl game are you looking forward to this year?
Wow. This is intense!
'Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy' is such a funny movie hahah
Did you see Diego's radiant wife Sanra? Seriously, I might have fallen in love with her, too.
We are selling our Tuscan bread, normally $4.50, 40% off today! :)
EveryTHING comes to HIM who "HUSTLES" while HE WAITS. As quoted in Thomas Alva Edison aka Thomas Edison the inventer of the " Light Bulb ".
Need to tame those curls? Purchase the hair lotion "Curl Talk" by Naz Kupelian to finally get those touchable curls you desire!
*sings* You Da One that I dream about all daaayyyy ( )
What's up homie
lets go
Hurry up meeting!!!!!!! I is ready to goq
RT : Hudson and King..its been a while. We are BACK. - Woo Hoo! The office is already planning lunch!
Road trip today!!
Happy Easter everybody!
yup. I think/hope I'm free now, but thank you for letting me know!
donuts tomorrow? Well, of course I must make an appearance!
The value of moments, when cast up, is immense, if well employed; if thrown away, their loss is irrevocable. ~Lord Chesterfield
Smart house is on:)
she was raping the bebe.
A great way to make beervixens love your brewery is to staff it with cute hipster boys.
Good night everyone... Off to Physical Therapy for my shoulder and then home for dinner with the family
I feel like a princess:')
This drink got me hot as shit
Thank you!!
today... I will layout. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008E>
tron was awesome especially the score. screw all the haters
it's June 2 this year!
DC will always have a special place in my heart tho haha. How about you?
open at 7 today
Happy Mother's day! Come and enjoy a glass of bubbles and stawberries, shop and save 20% on our collection. Baci Boutique 279 Mott.str.NYC
WE ALL WANT LOVE <3
Hi Julie!!! Thanks so much! I hope you and the gang are doing well. :)
Swagg in da sky its solar Ice is colder then polar call me a murderer caus i kill des tracks headed to fame nd im not lookin bakk
I guess my feet know where they want me to go, Togo, Trinidad or similar Western Caribbean destination.
He had an iphone for about two months, but it got stolen
thank you for joining at Siren Studios for our spa & beauty social #Elenganza!
I wanna buy myself a Chevy caprice box body. Who got one for sale
Are you hosting a tour in the South Loop this week, ?
Clarity music video
Ghost Walk Noblesville tonite!:) RT : Happy Friday (even if it is the 13th)! What are your plans for fun Hamilton Co this wkend?
stores already open wtf where can I cop the 3's at in Richmond, VA?
Listening to the amazing talk about the future of digital learning.
Wow December 1 already. Where did this whole last year go?
By my count, there are only 3 venues/events in SF using the name "Dark Room." Let's get to work and double that number, folks!
If you have not had the chance visit our website for your free sample.. www.gemcuisine.com open an account and receive our offer.
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf she knew how I talked to my teachers..lol
Also, you've been followed... not in a creepy way though.
no need to try, when my ex was way more caring than you
Making my brother watch project runway. But I want to hear the crazy comments from the judges.
goodluck killing them mosquitos with a fork ;)
Looking forward to BHL visit to CDL tomorrow!
Preparing meals for the whole family can be quite tiring, especially after a long day. Use the internet to find quick and easy recipes.
j know you get really loads of tweets but I just hope you see mine and click the follow button I would beg you if you will <3u
that is pretty cool.
you don't think they are already working on it? They don't need an orange geek giving them orders
Lmaoo! My momma just rolled the window up on my arm while I was tryna go 2 sleep den gon say sum "Girl Why is You Screaming?!?!?. -.- Really
My sister sucks at cooking ((x
Todays agenda: and - Whats on yours this Sunday?
Granary Books Collection Exhibit opens in Thompson Library on Jan 16
Watching the IU and Ohio State game. This game is so close!!! They keep going back and forth with the ball.
84% of U.S. Small Businesses Using Mobile Marketing See Increase in New ... - Sacramento Bee
.: Ask yourself: What are the elements of a collaboration? What works? What doesn't? Evaluate before committing.
I respect that. Takes major guts to trust Penny to defend your keys.
RT : Looking forward to #Foodiechat tonight at 8pm EST special Labor Day Edition!
bottles are super cheap, only been there once and never again. But if you want regetton, perfect spot.
I hate saying something I don't mean just cause its the right thing
we should totally hang out
keep it locked to Electric Kingdom with and
Thank you :) “ congratulations!! :)”
Ayee.. Are those Tami REAL eyes ? ? ?
glad to hear it!!! =D
Why is spelling Millennium SO FREAKING HARD!??!?!?!
Thanks very much for your play by play on tonight's Tribute show, much appreciated!
Agh that's crazy !
I am glad the is basing their attacks on on the failed 2008 attacks. Cause it worked so well for them last time.
NO #twitter, I will not follow Nicki Minaj.
Just watched the video of Rep. Giffords stepping down. Wow. What an amazing woman. God Bless You Gabby.
Thank you Teri! I hope you had a lovely Mother's Day! I'm sending you something in an Etsy convo. :)
Courtney on The Bachelor is unbelievable. Wow.
I feel like crap
Im not sayin boycott just don't BUY em as a protest symbol. If you eat'em,eat them, but don't buy them 2 go to a rally!
Knock 'Em Out Barbershop is where its at...come thru...15th Ave & Thomas or 42nd St & Chandler Blvd. Only the best haircuts!!!
And I finally get to see u
Are you challenging yourself & producing all you need to do to get where you want to be? Do you have a mission and stay on target each day?
...then he ate a free cupcake.
why can't I find you on Sirius? :(
just pre-ordered our spring orla kiely 2011 bags and it's not even cold yet...can't wait!
Rick Siskey - Take charge of your life, only you can do it.
everything is good, hit me up whenever u get a chance.
6 miles and some lifting
": Manny thanks for the support!" No prob keep it ^ your doing great =]
Fast frozen is critical for sequencing tumors Topol
of- not good for Nc Film industry....
I like blessing people when they sneeze.
whatever that means
Clippers aren't ready yet. Spurs do this to OKC, I'll be impressed.
No AL Central team has a winning record at home. And Cleveland is playing .750 on the road...NEED tix for the next Sox series.
RT : With a get better mindset, you focus on improve rather than proving. Via Karen Halvorson.
actually obsessed with
This is now andrea and adans birthday banger :)
*Phil Collins, In The Air Tonight drum solo*
Wish it was more than #20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi cuz there are a lot but tweeted some that are important to me
I'Ve got a great idea for a new book. Cassie is gonna be proud,
aight! Haha. As soon as I get my car back I got you!
Trying to assemble an Ikea dresser is as hard as trying to assemble an Ikea dresser.
Trying to. But still a little in shock!
Some guys just have their way with words"
done, mixtape dropping late june, i will contact you just after that
me too
Have you checked out the yet? May 18th - 19th and all for a great cause! Plus, is the sponsor.
In the nati be that way next week i came on here to find you i see you not on The book
Thank you! It's been fun collaborating on the new website, can't wait to launch
words matter. I agree. some of what he is saying is just not what is helpful for teaching or learning. imo.
yes go to YouTube type in Sor760 my group name is southdub
Hanging with amazing board members and planning exciting stuff for 2012
I came back to the same reason why I wanted to leave..
If you think you got the bomb shit
you go girl welcome back and have a safe flight
It's finally me and you and you and me and us, and your friend Steve #StoryOfPepperPotts'Life
lazy man
Thanking God for my 3 Beautiful Children; Courtnie, Cortez, and Brandon. Proud to call you mine and happy Im yours!
Green and yellow!
I am a experience remodeler contractor, renovating homes in Texas.
angry black ppl just leave twitter “: Angry black men please exit my mentions , lol”
yes......the moment of truth is here!
Avoid cliches: unique, celebrate, industry lingo, etc. They are a waste of space.
Mexican and black jokes are all the same...once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal. lol
People of SE Wis: Get outside!!!
This Sarah Phillips story reads like a Dateline story. It's mind blowing really
Mahalo nui loa for all the inspiration 2011 Ironmen and Women... see you next year! Oldest male was 81 oldest female was 76.!!!!!
My paper is finally starting to look up now...
I miss you too I'm in school where you at call me
ruined my whole day -__-
Worst part of the day.
Check out panel now discussing new #Google privacy rules:
I've come to the concl'sn I'll live 4ever, bc of the fact I still get 1big pimple every mo & yet to have grey hair. The latter I rejoice in.
Twitter friends, if you're interested in attending Peter Bogdanovich's event on Sat. & don't have tickets, get yours NOW! Only a few remain!
My last day as a student will be spent at the State Department for the colloquium.
Dinner with and her family
i love you more than the moon!! The moon can fuck off!! Lol
You never know what Uber will do next! ;)
we look forward to seeing you soon!
When are you going to do another show with Elmo? You guys are so hilarious together!
From everything I've heard, that place sounds terrible.
It's not fair to me . & I don't care what you think . If I'm being mean then I'm being mean .
Hi : Found you through LevelTen does some good design work. Good place to work.
Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close was amazing!
It's rare that I write a song with no idioms involved.
I ain't competing with u. Just letting u know where u stand ;) . Then again, I gone from 130 to 126
so excited! See ya later!
How we were before > how we are now
how cool tis this i want to $700 a week as so many people are doing with this
iPod on shuffle: no no no no NO no no maybe no no no no no YES!!!
Naval Academy Graduation!
Y couldnt u be like this when we were together.?:/
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful ladies everywhere!! Treat the ones you care about to something nice...like a Berry Weiss.
so do I : ": My boi got 8 years for mortgage fraud smh...I'm gone miss his thievin ass"//hope he hid some money
baby butt!
Do you volunteer? Please write about it (w/ pics, if possible!) & email it to to go on our blog
can I meet you in Arivaca tonight? I put the Barrington Levy pandora station on at work and heard way too many Sublime songs
Did some girl break your heart and you only feel like you're really you when you cook Calvin?
I've always wondered that too. If someone pays for me I always feel like I'm in debt to them till I pay them back :/
feel better :) go caps!
Bored. Smoking. #nowplaying three nil
down to twitshit I'm crying omg
- It was, wasn't it? What an amazing group of people.
i don't get why guys with long hair always get it cut SO short.. like i know 23098 guys that have done that..
Don’t do something permanently stupid just because you are temporarily upset .
mustache socks = my fav!! :)
The Best Buy Classic (minneapolis) is a first class tourney!
Will see this and reply?? I hope <3 :)
U & T-Pain duet on a song = EPIC. I love that itsh. Doin us proud #504 girl. GOD bless - 100
Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love,but that doesn't make you love them any less.Sometimes it makes you love them more.<U+E022>
lol you know how I get down
#20ThingsAboutMe my initials are always gonna be MKD, even after i get married
Lol RT I'm not calling you an idiot, but I wouldn't be surprised if you have googled "how to breathe."
Tweeting their lives away.
Nassib to Lemon for 10 yards.
I will only see #Titanic 3D if Kate's boobs hit me in the face :P
Short meeting tonight!
09 McPrice Myers les Galets. Powerful #Syrah. Big cherry nose. Thick heavy mouthfeel. Dark berry, oak, tar, more. Developing. 93 pts
I don't disagree, but Why is Nats GM involved, can't baby handle his own fight?
haha, yeah I guess so.
Some advise for everybody. Don't eat while watching Hoarders. They just found a freezer with 15 year old food. And showed it.
3 more days and I'm home!...
Fixed! "All I do is kiss you / through the bars of a rhyme' -- DirE Straits, as covered by The Killers
Driving through Atlanta Georgia and we spot a hooker at the corner and a Semi picks her up. I want to get to Florida already -_-
Thanks for the follow back, Robert! Give Chi-town my love.
#AreYouSerious Three little words: Wrestle. Rock. Rumble.
Laser tag bitches
we're literally stalking hot bosnian guys on facebook....
can i get a follow back pleasee? (: <33
have to say loving matt smith, enjoy all of them in different ways
Just thought I'd take a minute here on the ol' Tweetbox to mention that I've never worn boat shoes not once never ok carry on
I think everyone should live in New York at some point in their life.
getting for some great baseballthis week, Go Sox!
Interesting presentations on how to make Foundations more effective and stay in compliance at Sports Philanthropy Summit
#be thankful
ive been single all my life.
I think I'm going to be on #Foxnews Sunday! Look for me during the power player of the week segment at the end.
Trying Seesmic Desktop AGAIN (after update) Problems creating userlists AGAIN. This gets REALLY FRUSTRATING, !
They gave Cameron a bad report today at daycare .......how dare they
Mines is hell, single and not gettin what i need some imma jus head onto school and get my ass to the NFL draft and get my money
BOYS BASKET BALL SHORTS $5.99!!!!!
In North Carolina, Hello North Carolinians.
Hey Johny nice giving out autographs to the kids and adults while working on Los taco La Gran Señora.
I'm stoked to go ride my bike at southwest way after work :)
It's a No Code kinda day I think
Battleship looks badass.
All these girls at my school are like obsessed with 1D right now, and I'm like "ew go away"
This Brewers game can't get any crazier! Night after Roenicke hits 4 Greinke & takes heat he uses Zach to hit 4 Parra & loses.
You chewed through the gag again, I see.
Clippers trying to put the game away..
Question 10: What is one thing that you have never done, but you wanna try??
are you worried that 5 more will appear to mourn it?
. You're not giving me enough food, Jennifer. I ate that on the subway on the way in. I'm a big guy. I have big appetites
Dude was drafted by Cleveland before they left for Baltimore.. That's crazy. Baltimore should be thanking us for the football team/players
Now I ask you, how are you gonna drink? Will you cup the water with your hands or put your mouth to the sink. (Numbers 7:5-7).
girl you crazy I guess if you run across one you better keep your pump with you
just got off the phone with jag.Now on myspace talkn to ray-ray.
Friday the 13th: An Unlucky Date But An Affair to Remember for Married Men
"We must consider ourselves agents of change.... 2 make MKE great. I ask u 2 join the HCCW & support this Initiative"- Maria Monreal-Cameron
Maybe I spoke to soon. 5 good minutes and the lake show lock up a number 2 seed.
With en route to film a speaking engagement at the Princeton/Columbia club for ABANA. This event looks really great!
Trevor gave me the nicest hug ever today, aw.
Loving the play by play from & Wishing I was there!
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I.
i wanna be with you, i wanna feel your love.
Straight up man! Know you're welcome anytime. Enjoy the madness in Austin!
. by contrast, weather is predicted to be in the high 70s-so we win the weather contest!
F. Hansen~ War will cease when men refuse to fight.
UbicMedia's PUMit is an innovating way to promote & distribute your films on Internet
sick choreo bro!!
Shoutout to my new follows!! #lovins ;o)
Ryan Braun MVP speech page 6- to accept this award tonight."
Lucky's = best soccer bar “: Anybody in #DC know any good specials for today's World Cup game? Trying to pick a bar to watch
Wits and Wagers? RT : There's nothing better then a good ol' boardgame to #occupy your lunchbreak. #Dasdak team
RCI is now LifeROOTS, please add our new LifeROOTS page
Leadership is knowing that your job is to make your team more capable, not just have them execute your wishes
but IMO it should be leveraged for all other events, even if you have to charge a fee. All event info should be syndicated...
Thanks! Not late in my timezone. has promised ointment for the spotlight burn.
Thanks for RTing ! :)
1-800-PRINTING for Business Cards, Postcards, Flyers, Posters and more....
And lest we forget: The Roman capite censi "head-count" made a profession of bread riots before given bloodier tasks.
oh my gosh, I just checked mine and thought it would be much, much higher. but in fact I'm "quite a nice person".
To my opponent in the #twittersmackleague: LOL HEATH BELL SUCKS
Good day tweets! Looks too hot to go out right now. Maybe this evening.Hope everyone has a cool weekend!
Even if a museum put up a sign saying "share your photo/comment!" I don't know that I'd think that they really care to see it.
haha you see my niece also? That's my baby
Kill it tonight brother !!
choices make it hard to make decisions...
“: lmao! I bet he'd rock that skirt badass too lol” both of you stop using me in your SICK fantasies
This shit ain't for me no more.
#preswk12 talking now about her work with the OWS collection. What's best for movement is not always best for archive.
New Jerseys are $100 goddamn dollars? For screen printed name / number? No wonder everyone orders Chinese bootlegs.
#offline for now. <U+270C>
Ah hell, all three of em'
Wonder if newfound focus on Facebook's profitability will lead to more ?s abt exploitation of users.
macaron wins over a cupcake any day!
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you. ~ Adlai E. Stevenson
I know I gotta get it all out before you get here!
lol her too
Thanks, David!
yep! :) Harry Styles<3 are you?
Emergence suggests to me autonomy, not explicitly federated systems
I can't believe I only just now woke up! Terrified of the storm last night, took two benadryl to get to sleep
I miss Radiohead :/
DM received, thank you.
fumbles are frustrating - i put in the #contra code. good game man we will have to play again sometime.
sal pal baby!!
Me, too - yea! RT I got to sit with Carol Rosenberg who fought with Pentagon re: Guatanamo & won 1st Amendment award!
Twitter we need your facebook love also! www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
Is Kanye going to change the label to M.E.D.I.O.C.R.E. now?
How in the heck is CISPA not akin to rifling through your mailbox and reading your mail?
its alright. Il post a video and send you a link
And I hope it ain't carpet you fall on, maybe a hardwood floor or something....
RT : Why be around someone who doesn't inspire you to be great?
May is National Photo Month! Go hug a photographer! :-D
: You're very welcome! :)
Looking forward to heading down to the Wells Fargo Center to check out my #Sixers tonight....
You're like Yoda...if Yoda didn't eat bacon.
the whole thing is such a comm mess!
RT : Ma'am we didn't mean to speed. And we're not dangerous. We're reporters.
Don't try to be something you're not, just be you!
": what happened to you!!! Lol"what u mean
#8WordsOfAdvice do wot the fuck you want! Go on....
happy easter <3
is it ever late enough for that?
looks like your site's CSS is down. I'm on Chrome and it's long-list Times New Roman nasty. Same on Firefox.
Braylon and Sanchez were always on the same page and his time here was his most consistent WR and they let him go
if you play music (or would just like to be involved) email us at , or send us a DM!
The Banks get bailouts to fuck us again and again. Is that fair?
We have some hard-core whistling going on here today!!
yes you're confused about your sexuality.
gonna be selling Main Event action % markup. Let me know if you want a piece.
Still beaming from visits to biz/retail rockstar and mogul-in-the-making So proud/in awe of you both!
thanks for the package! All I can say is that I hope you got yourself some as well.. ;)
Went out for the rare manicure. OPI "Go on Green" is what I picked. Yes, it's me.
you had a great day! Nice work.
Marian Anderson A leader is one who, out of madness or goodness, volunteers to take upon himself the woe of the people
POP POP!
Let's see what this hunger games is all about
what omg you told me they edited it out to the day after it aired too omg
Just found a number I need from a newsroom note written by ' late Mark Pittman. Still awesome, even posthumously.
A little acoustic session coming up with Semi-Twang
The clothes are designed for the hourglass-shaped woman- to enhance every beautiful curve on a woman's body!
FINISHED MY AP ENGLISH SUMMER PROJECT! :D yay and 99.9% done with Psych, just have to make changes after my mom corrected it!
Knicks are back
Michael, Do you think Andy Pettitte is ready? Are you putting any stock in his recent minor league starts? Thoughts
Hi Kelsey. I love you. MMUUAAHH
I fly home May 20th!
I'm always like @"mommy mommy mommy mama ma momma mommy MOOOOOMMMMMYY" and she ignores me...
I need some contemporary art/design-themed cat stuff for tomorrow's Cat Break at Any ideas?
“: I used to play Call of Duty like you... But then I took an arrow in the knee.”
.. is it metal
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps. Confucius
Please do your job and support a BIPARTISAN COMPROMISE to the debt crisis.
PRESS DIGEST - British business - May 16
I publicly said I'd love a sticker, and they contacted me. Because they're awesome.
I've always known about it but have never come up or it's always been closed! I'm obsessed with it now!
“ If you've never struggled how do you appreciate coming up? ..#OWLS”
You rap. He raps. She raps. You've got bars. Everybody is a rapper. Are you making money from it? Do you have fans? IS IT YOUR PASSION?
Grease is the word <3333
Spurrier has every right to be upset. 2 secs left when the knee hits. In other news... it's always nice to see the Buckeyes lose.
better, I would say. A little more honest, a little less Oprah.
Austin only follows 2.5% of his followers back! RT if you're grateful that he follows you.
Givers not takers aka the Good Guys (&gals)
“: Wut u boi how that track season goin” it's straight so far lol
ManU looks so disconnected. They can't seem to link up anyone.
Ha! I am your female eyeballs!
Just started talking to a friend from when I was a little kid again :D
Love that song. So sad.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Ugh This Is Not The Way My Prom Suppose to be!
Don't give up in the middle when God has seen you through till the end!!
Same with me, especially today! Cheers!
Bitch, don't DOT-DOT-DOT me!
so far I've seen #DarkShadows twice #JohnnyDepp never fails me and you know I love me some
I am having troubles sitting still today!
If you love #moms, you should make sure everyone gets to make an informed and actionable decision about whether or not they are going 2 b 1.
man.... school is not fun at all
You want the answer, listen to the teleseminar with on the 29th... :-)
“ My room...where no action happens”
Yes sir! RT : u hoop'n 2mrrw (galleria)
Country music always cheers me up
So happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Happy sleep time. xD #thanks Ms.Hosic
#londonriots need to do that here in Newark, will got some TV's
then give me some!!!!
:-( about Spain
Jodie Foster, Ron Howard
I hope he offers to kiss the umpire.
Happy Leap Day, and three cheers to a whole extra day of drinking! Hip Hip Hooray...
RT : #WhiteSox claim 2 of bottom 4 in OPS. Morel's .423 is lowest in the majors. Alexei fourth lowest at .473
happy mothers day to too...she be goin hard
Where the hell is
..when the quality of the hair and the quantity in the packs was decreasing
You going to school???
I am doing well thank you, busy with work and trying to stay dry in the Pacific Northwest, how about yourself?
Busy prepping for the 3rd BEYOND BORDERS: DIVERSITY IN CANNES Multicultural Filmmaker Symposium at the Cannes Film Festival! What you doin?
RT I'm trying to remember the last time there was a series at Camden Yards with first place on the line.
Direct flight to ny cancelled. Going thru la 4 hrs later. I thought weather issues were over? What do I know: I'm from san diego!
The Voice UK >>
thanks for the RT!
Thanks again for all the RT'ing. I'd like o offer you a subscription to ATCON, but are you into Werewolves and SciFi?
it's on the dvr, don't worry.
Resurrection comes only because there's first a crucifixion. When one desires a resurrection, he is also requesting a cross.
Next Monday I'll be in Florida, so that's pretty cool.
I've been working on the tech. now working on presentation. it should also work with any theme.
At the age of 30, I'll be stepping into Can's tonight for the first time ever to play with Hugh Bob.
Tips From Rowdie the Dingo: Change your home browser page to an international news site to stay current with the world!
hahaha you should follow them and get you some free pickles! :P
Enjoy it man, you were a big part of it. Hope to have you back next year for #9. Yessssir!!
VanGundy always defends knick coaches. I get it Jeff, u r objective
Life ends when u stop dreaming, hope ends when u stop believing & love ends when u stop caring. So dream hope & love…Makes Life Beautiful
Many ally organizations also contributed to this effort. A soon to be released media kit outlines the many org's and individuals involved.
If you’re still at work, we’d advise you to leave and come down to the beach.
Off to see The Avengers with Hope he doesn't talk the whole movie ;)
" Im Never At My Worst Because Even At My Lowest, It's A Learning Experience. It's Something That I'll Bounce Off Of. "
yes there are
Thank you for the welcome.
setting up Twitter for my Squidoo account
tell you more about what? discuss many things
My mistake and apologies. I'm not one to stoke the fire just for the hell of it.
I dont know what i would do if there was no such thing as music O_o *scary thoughts*
Did I ever mention I hate facebook? The only reason I have it is because I like about two people
Made it into the nursing program at area 31!
Coincidence that Hitler and Bieber topics are trending..... I think not.....
dude musta been rich. love the 4 hamburgers and also 4 double cheeseburgers. taste for variety
Haha! RT : Do it. They gotta learn sometime.
Yes, just sort of noting the general slip n slide....
If the market ever expects housing to contribute 25%-30% of GDP again,it will require congress to overhaul the housing finance system.
Did you throw a pants party to celebrate?
Whoever is happy will make others happy, too. ~ Mark Twain
Thank you #FF!
Awesome! RT : The CO QB can, um, tell women what they should do with their bodies?
My mom is the hardest working women I know may god give her a long life because idk what I will do with out her freaking love her!!!
Is Calipari narrating a spot for The Masters?
I liked you better before I found out you were ape shit crazy.
I have allergies. :(
Thanks for pie RT!
Chicago Tribune&#39;s circulation dips 5% in past year
i didnt get to see your blog :(
sounds great bro! Keep up the good work!
Happy Friday! Beautiful day, too.
"Why do we love if love will die?" 3T & Michael Jackson
You just got my vote! on
Show tonight!
Florida is stuck in the era of "Jim Crowe", and the politicians are worthless. All need a headcheck!
did start a company? -> : Any innovative clinicians/ researchers interested ...
Picking up skullgirls from fed ex so we can get it up for showdown!
aw :) and that's the question of the year!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
And that was also the #777 tweets. Ah, long way to true
#peopleshouldstop telling stories about humans vs zombies and think they are cool.
Looking for a quiet space to get some work done, meanwhile surrounded by beautiful art? Come on by. Open 12-6p.
Im no parent but I feel like its unwise to let your 5 yr old ride their bike across E Wash. Especially if you're 10 ft behind them. #JustMe?
improve - maybe broaden talking points a bit from current events to sm tactics on a general pr and marketing scale
No real man calls a girl fat
I knew abt lending but not that you could sign up an be matched to people. This could be way cool.
that's 5 hours from now haha
Pathetic people are pathetic.
Gavin is being "against the Royals" Gavin.
oh and then i read your timeline and see you'll be in chicago this weekend. phooey! if i were home i'd drive and see ya
kinda hoping that maybe, she'll call me. if not ill pretend to be a man about it -__-
Right now, thousands of silly angry women are wondering where they can get rotten raw fish. Damn VH1
Isn't it too early to be going out on a Saturday night already?? Give me a chance to get home first lols! Lord it going to be long night....
Oh how the mighty have fallen. #BenStein needs to stick to the boring-teacher-from-Ferris Bueller schtick
lmao fake ah.
Check out the updated LiveAreaLabs.com
cool dude
I really want nat to be pregggggo
You know those days when everyone and everything annoys you..? Today was that day -__-
I hear that lady! I love your tweets.. so real and true! RT : hey lady...just living
I kinda hate tweeting on my iPod sometimes it's kinda hard to type and for autocorrect to put the right words
can't wait to see you tomorrow!!
Going to #dayglow?! Tag us with your #staticglasses &
Just saw a Steakhouse Strip club. Is that legal?
Everyone has a story. That's what I've learned most from writing IMPACT. A tribulation, trial or heartache is something we all have
Hey mahomies! :D
Thank you for #FF! Happy weekend!
Martha's doing ok~No fever+eating soup! I got her cold+aches. Trying2keepJohn&Andrew well! :P //BTW U'll BlessHisGirls!
what do you do when you should be excited for something but you're finding it hard to give a fuck?
Yes, maybe 6 though
A real Steele for ESPN. Congrats, Michele!
aw D;
Dear pointe shoe inventors, If we ever create a time machine we will find you and punch you in the faces. Sincerely, DANCERS WHO ARE IN PAIN
Going to a friends house, and out to dinner for mothers day. :) What about you?:)
get that band a twitter account if they're going to be playing venues like the black cat!
Beginning search for Kin in GA & FL. Will wait for the indexing to complete before beginning the remainder. What about you?
So we have a blackout.....uh maybe to many lights in the neighborhood
Driving on ice tip from local Houston news: turn off cruise control.
Thanks for the FF!
mine is very non-linear, and only involves outlines at mad random moments when im already in
Comment and let us know what you think would make a good video? Think . . . Epic Meal Time
Which team do you think Peyton Manning should go to? We'll announce the Echo #Poll results later this afternoon.
If you look like your passport picture, you probably need the trip.
At #NCC we thought we felt construction work when it was in fact an #earthquake. Probably shouldn't have got into an elevator after that.
I'm not offended. I'm just explaining how some people feel, sometimes. It's contextual.
I love movies about sex money n drugs
naw me n her not lik dat dats my sisters I'm not gon even lie about that... That's y I didn't even mention them
KEEP A "I CAN" CAUSE THE ONLY PERSON THAT WANTS U TO FELL LIVES N HELL!!! MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
“He who rejects change is the architect of decay
Hum, what to do tonight???
sorry I don't follow fakes !
Lehigh might have won, but I think they're cheerleaders might also play on the football team. Lookin like offensive linemen on the sideline
Night dude...
thanks for sharing pitch sooner article. Great advice.
sprite is the best pop.
Kids are awake and it's quite? What's that? Me relaxing for the first time in a week
tardy for the party bro. didnt hit my folks up as yet on T's.
maybe in 08 or 09, but not now...
thanks I will :)
USA life RT High horny and about too at drunk lmao Amsterdam life
Had 2 hours to kill in town waiting for Brandon at a Bday Party so I went to look at phones & was talked in to buying an I Phone 3G
Rockin' my new Tippecanoe Rockets sweatshirt!
UVA folks: suggestions for diss defense location? The Rotunda is booked for reunions. Any other defense tips are welcome, too
great please do, ill snap both your fuckin necks, I'm in Sacramento, honor plead please come to my hood, English pricks
thanks for the suggestion!
- sweet I really missed you guys ! Waiting patiently for the new show - say to
will be at tonight lets get it
You fucked up my life
she will soon =]
Tomorrow is it! We are so close to our show at Park Place Teen Center! We cant wait to see all of you!!
My new motto...or things to shout during sex. "I'm gonna Rock you like a downtown band."
that's great! Congratulations
CANT WAIT TO HEAR IT<3
when Romney gets the GOP nomination will he accept VP and run with Romney on the GOP ticket???
follow back? :'D
you text me.
I want to see Brave so badly! hurry up!
Vincent Renfield recommended band of thee day - "In Solitude".
Cal State Long Beach alumnus Jared Weaver threw his first career #nohitter for the #Angels. I'm proud of my fellow
now to finish sewing this new lace piece I am working on, nude lace with pink lining!!
cant wait to see the music video for #stop by so stoked ugh wanna see it so bad ): i cant wait
super great insights today on #ktco. Thank You.
National Novel Writing Month starts November 1st. 30 days of attempting to reach a 50k word total. Editing cones later. Now I need a story!
no its our
Physical therapy - rough today. Massage therapy - awesome today :) Ready for garage sale Saturday to CLEAN HOUSE!
Ok, that's literally laugh out loud funny. Please don't shun me, but I have not read it. It is in the TBR though. Promise.
“: God is dead. I hope it wasn't wasps.”
i dont got no rear view and my reverse broke. so leave the past where its at.if hurt soo
RT "If you date an #Aquarius, you must like their friends too." TRUE !
Casino Night Tips -Watch us for some great ideas to get you started in planning your next casino party
Watching chelsea lately
sometimes the best reply is.. "bitch please.."
My dear we're slow dancing in a burning room.
First Time Client Trial Pricing is Membership Pricing for Massage $59 and Skin Care $69! Got Questions? GIve us a buzz. | Happy Monday!
I heart you
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: The Commons: great lakes commons helps to maintain/protect the lakes ::
& how do u win a fragrance?!? 4 left, #DBHH Help Us Win RT RT
Awkward inter counters with the boy who tried to fuck u!! Lol
You're right! :)
People Ask Me What #DamageMode Mean.Don't Worry About It Just Know Its 414 #DamageMode.Its Problems Bitch Ass Hoe.
not the same as tampering, but it shows there's already at least one person that risked job to hurt Braun.
#nowplaying Cuong Vu 4-tet "Leaps of Faith". ...sometimes something strikes you as just perfect for the moment....
yeah I just look really young. Ahah.
RT : Two sides to every story, no doubt, but this fits the pattern of everything we've seen on #Vikings stadium issue: stall...
not a bad rule of thumb. pick a spot and a pitch type. and...don't overswing.
today's batmobile special: BatBurger, Spinach, Ricotta served with spicy Robin Fries. get before the villains do. Bam!
brian wilson of 'pet sounds' fame??
When you relate to Me in confident trust, there is no limit to how much I can strengthen you. - Jesus Calling
Way to go, Maryland!
since i know u I have asked everyday for you to follow me..& i am still waiting<3 hope my dreams comes true RT back plz<U+E415>
I'm ready 4 summer 2!
We are in look of one more guitarist... anyone? Please RT this and help us out thank you!
when you no longer enjoy doing what you love... that is the worst feeling
Going on a college tour of USC w/ my cousin next weekend . Gonna see for myself If I wanna go there in 3 years
So glad I had you on my ipod during my two hour traffic filled commute home from work!
Museums full of social objects that spark discussion (like a sculpture visitors mimic with their bodies). SM equivalent?
Looking forward to seeing my colleagues tomorrow!
*sprays thirst repellent* lol
Even Brandon Weeden is wearing a huge watch... So dumb...
White collar criminologist William black, on ,great interview relevant to #OWS and #OccupyNashville (video)
Just sat down to watch the #Masters , C'mon Lefty! I know will be cheering!
One deep
Morpheus (and his accompanying techno) drug me through afternoon cardio today.
Terrible Writer #1 takes it upon himself to edit Terrible Writer #2. Hilarity ensues.
RT : Chat about #musesocial today from 12-5 ET. We're discussing #museum social media goals, communities, audience learning, &...
did you see he called one guy a redneck murderer? And scum?
#Imagine Waking up to Harry singing “What Makes You Beautiful”
Well deserved high scores tonight!
I haven't had hummus in a month. How sad!
yea I kno what u meant. Hey I meant to ask u how ur bday was? Heard u smoked <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>tisk tisk lol
Never has a morning run around the Lunsford felt so good. Welcome home Trenton.
Think I'm going to live vicariously through movie clips scenarios as they occur in real life. I'm cracking myself up!
its called SHIT.
whoa whoa whoa, take that back!!
did you just fart? no, my axs
I wish Swink was in Vegas! In fact, hopefully one day in every airport so we can fly in and out... beautifully!
Joseph knoy has taken kids from africa and trained them to be child soldiers this is the year to stop him PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for the mention! I liked your tweets and links.
is boston having a summer camp?
just had freddy guy's hazelnuts from delivery...it was nothing short of BOMB! Can't wait to have these guys deliver me some Thai!
Lets not forget that TO played in a super bowl with a broken leg
What I learned while watching #homeland ...Claire Danes skips showers.
Some people sleep talk, me, some people sleep walk, me when I was younger. Something weird I do, Sleep text. Im not kidding, Ask my friends.
Going to the Celtics vs. Wizards tonight? Stop in and say hello!
Thanks for liking my page MJ and Dovid! :-)
"The police should know that this protest is not a battle for territory... We are fighting for justice! -Arundhati Roy
It's days like this that make all the Colorado snow worth it
deese maynes here, trippen, nigga breaking the sheetrock on the roof, bitch u were hired for a shingle job wtf?
Bearport is at booth 2518 at #txla12. Stop by tonight and see what's new (and get a free book!)
Question - Are tweet walls and tweet chats still cool? cc: :)
RT : #Obama: To the global community, we ask you to join us. #GlobalFund donors, give the money you promised.
Love the #acqlib hashtag. Good luck with rollover!
it's cool. I got Christian anyways (;
While we all have strengths, recognizing your weaknesses can truly make you stronger.
RT : “One time you may look up and see me playing the game at 50.” We’ll find out in a year. Happy Birthday Michael Jordan.
thanks for the invite!! your site is tremendous! Thanx.
RT : 5 days until , let's get together and make some moves Detroit!
World Whale Day is tomorrow! Join us for an all-day celebration that honors the humpback whales that come to Maui each winter.
Well said! ": "Thank god. : Peyton Manning's meeting in Tennessee has ended and he is headed out""
People should tweet me(;
I luv it! “: The wind and rain we are having are best experienced inside one's home - drive safe out there! #SanDiego”
What a weekend!
Cleaned the gutters and worked on accepting that we're not going to have winter this year. Trying not to imagine what summer will be like.
Last minute flight to Palm Springs the day of Coachella...that'd make a good story!
as a queer-id person w a dead lesbian mother who comes from a predom queer family, I'm offended by that link!
Sitting on my deck with wine...and work. Just about perfect
SAN JOSE free show next Saturday at San Pedro Square Market. Gonna be a BANGER!!!!
I don't know if I'm losing it or not, but he kinda looks like Dale Earnhardt jr. :)
Will Make the Biggest Best Decision of his life YOU NEED TO SEE THIS AND FOLLOW ME !!!!!!!!! lOVE YOU <3
Another thing that makes me miss municipal watching the perfect game...once upon a time the #Indians sold coke...not nasty pepsi
-Happy Birthday! Enjoy the day. And spend less time counting ;)
You just smiled when you walked by me, OH MY GOODNESS.
You must stick to your conviction, but be ready to abandon your assumptions. -Denis Waitley
Whoaa.....it was really cold @ 430AM when Sharon & I walked down Southport Av to open the Shop. Early morning commuters beware - dress warm!
#HeresToTheMindlessGirls , That are Mindless && Will Always Be Mindless No Matter What ! && that will surrport Till the end
I Love This Guy Rite Here He's So Amazing <3 I Love You Jorge<3
Happy Birthday - March 1st 1987 our first store opened in Vancouver at #seabus terminal - Love What you Do
i mean he gotta be fresh to death
Happy April Monday!
he'll get a wrist slap to keep people happy.
And Ketchup finally ends the winless streak! Alleluia!
classes are presenting their final projects today from 9am until noon on the third floor of Mary Graydon Center...stop by to watch!
Yep im
Hi Meg! How are you?
failed at my first new year's resolution. didn't see a movie this month.
Every athlete interview ever: "Well if we want to win, we're really going to have to start playing some [sport]."
Rise Up TupacDaDogg!!!
So I could have sworn Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony were already divorced
Good Morning Twitter/Facebook!!!
Thank you KSU! Much love and keep rocking!!!
- thanks to you! What have you been up to recently? Anything exciting?
Gonna c some big spikes 2night at Wed volleyball!!!
The center that you seek, the center that you store, truth is something we all reek, secrets are always behind the black door.
for the same reason, I spent 2 days in Tokyo in a pair of pajama pants once.
doing some radio on UNregular Radio #meow. Give a listen now to
what?!? School should be almost over tho.
#50'sHairdo she sleeps standing up
"I brought the sexiest one, too. His cheekbones are like granite!"
BED! Good stuff happenin' tomorrow! #Awesome #Excited PEACE! MUCH LOOVE!
What to do...
No rush! I'll always be making things!
NIALL. STEREO HEARTS. AH.
Welcome to Texas.
not really
Why thank you sir!
at Matt Montgomery's will never forget. Such a d move
Water levels at Druid Hill Reservoir lower due to effects of work to upgrade our water treatment plant at Montebello (Montebello Plant).
you've got quite a handsome little following across the pond (or in essence, #JustAroundTheRiverBend ) xoxo
what can I say? I like threats. ;)
When people change in the blink of an eye <<
Sometime, I will go a day without uttering, typing, or thinking about the word "workflow", and that day will be joyous.
Foam rollers are fucking amazing
Why do we have to shoot each other as soon as we get 1 nice day outside, damn
I wonderded if you were going to catch that :)
Down with broccoli! Great job on the live tweets for
okayy.(: thanks for waiting on me:) <3
Super tired this morning, but getting up to do some community service for the homeless shelter For Miss Ethnic California
Making music today for a really tall building. hmm, what would a building sound like if it could make music?
Banksy, exit through the gift shop, great art movie. You have to wonder though, is he just fucking with me? Who is Mister Brainwash, really?
Its getting real around here
trying to figure this all out
alexa wants to go to the mall with you guys haha but why next summer?
holy smokes C, what's with the smoking picture, yo?! Got me forgetting my cold over here!
i want to have a perfect summer, with lots of sunshine and with someone special.
Begining of the month - time to change your safe combos. Some stores in this busy season are even requiring weekly code changes.
It'd right next door to #greathornytoads!
thanks! May 8th
Thanks Geoff, your short version works too. RT : actually a very good post: RT How Not to Become a Bitter White Jazz Musician
Amen to that my man. He is one of the best in my opinion.
How to make your unused workspace work for you. Yield management tools are now making unused meeting rooms and workspace available for shor…
all I can do is SMMFH...lmao
Where was Ant Manand The Wasp! That's what I want to know.
Maddon on A's “: Played poorly but appreciate guys always playing hard. Frustrating especially since we've been kinda spiffy”
Love Is Not Enough <3
the way one acted in high school has absolutely no bearing on who that person is 40 years later.
everytime i think about being skinny i get depressed and eat because i'll never be skinny. i have problems
Up early... my fingers, they itchin. They itchin fa dat paper..
I have a slight memory of your hand up in my face.
iPhone's home button is not working again. Hooray.
I gotta say... they were pretty good. highlight of the park miles (aside from learning the bench story).
Lol! I Wish I Could Believe You!
RT : Are you an emergency manager on twitter, then follow #SMEM for the latest how your peers are using social media in EM
Please RT : Aerosmith tour 'Ready to Rock' with new concert dates in Canada
makes me thirsty! I know what I'll be dreaming about tonight!
maybe we should have been more specific...(but we would love to do shows in Scotland...hm)
I didn't bring my huff book today...-_-. whatta bitch!
that gcal schedule is a lifesaver in SOMA.
Almost midnight!! Can't wait to see what 2012 brings! It better be a good year.. ; )
omg lol how bout you be in lebron shoes
We haven't been updating this page in a minutes but were back business now @ us
High point: working with the great conductor Charles Mackerras on a production of Berlioz's L'Enfance du Christ in Carnegie Hall. GREAT man
I finally got that good producer so now its on..Aristotle on the tracks D$Pimpn on the verses...Yeeeeeeeee
Nice!! Well, we hope to see you soon. Enjoy yourself in Vegas!
3PM a Codeword will be sent to everyone on our mailing list. Mention it TONIGHT @ the bunkhouse saloon for FREE stuff and discounts!
About the "I knew this would happen?" Lol!
I need some sleep if I'm gonna play wiffle ball at 8 this morning...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens. ~Plato
lol i was just thinking that. she's soo beautiful :)
Sweets with a delicate taste, meticulous decoration & beautiful hand wrapping. Do you have Obsessive Confection Disorder?...
- loves to lay pipe in other people's turf, ask 's ex
Just two days away from the announcement of our first two guests! Who do you think they are?
aw good luck down there! i'll have to come visit and go to the beach :) <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><U+2600>
Looking forward to playing tonight for Gilbert Castellanos quartet! Starts 8 PM Tickets on sale from $12-$15 www.dizzysjazz.com
How many City of Milwaukee workers does it take to cut down a tree thats 6 inches wide with branches up to approx 14 feet high? Four of them
Welcome to Twitter, !
so happy you had a good time and it was our pleasure to sign those things for ya!
thank you xox
The CASHER hits Manhattan NCAA Hoops and is 13-3 in the last 16 picks, up 12 units overall.
"There is a huge amount of freedom that comes to you when you take nothing personally." —Don Miguel Ruiz
ah her food is crack, very good.
WOW. 's letterpress wedding invites are the best I've ever seen. Ever.
Good Morning All!! Happy Easter to those who celebrate ;)
happy birthday love you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Cool—1 thing you'll want them to think about is the full range of elements they'll need to style beyond those on the static page.
hi thx for following me, I follow you back :)
#edshow OBAMA is the first GAY, DOG-CONNOISSEUR, KENYAN President of the UNITED STATES.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules:. Thou shalt keep toasts and comments within the limits of good taste and mutual respect.
": I don't have an iPhone so I have to use instagram on my iPod touch." & my phone doesn't have enough memory :(
Stability is for squares!
Nobody loves #GinoTime more than KG.
I snickered. I bet someone was having fun.
"The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires." -William A. Ward
This feels like a trick question. I like it on her. I'm guessing she may not like it--I have curly hair and I get tired of it.
Alright. Looks like we're not leaving the farm this episode. No zombies yet either. WTF
What's awesome right now is how I have a carefully planned & timed blog post that needs to go live in 4 mins, and our server's refusing.
the life i wish i lived!! know how much weight i would loose?? lol
Another MLS Founding Partner to be announced soon! We appreciate all of the corporate support in PDX for the Timbers.
Who wants to get some Shawarma?
Seems like a good business opportunity for local businesses to know the conferences & hashtags to engage (exhibit hall too!)
Great opening!!!!
There's now a TV wine bar. What's the world coming to?!
"Improving speed is our next goal" I'll bet.
Our new Ladies Night starts Tonight with $5 glasses of wine! #gno Cellar Wine Bar cwbon15th.com
Please get verified! ;)
is there a 'migrate' tool from slideshare to speakerdeck?
I made cake but I screwed up frosting it
shoot it's 53 degrees in Minnesota today! Not a drop of snow on the ground, I can't tell the diff Between mn az
likewise! So many great things happening with #Indy women :) cc:
certificate of completion I didn't pass gqe so didn't technically graduate
I'm going to make you dinner and baked goods (vegan of course!) at my house so I can finally meet your wonderful face. <3
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.” <U+2015> Francis Chan
It still does to me #Illneverforgetyoupluto!
No not at all. (: Unless you don't wash them before you wear them again. Then there's a problem. Haha :p Oh Harry
No, no my friends - it's a FRYER. Not a mere pan. ;) Btw, dentist fixed my chipped tooth - all is good in the hood! :D xoxo
make sure you wear a life jacket
After spring break I'm going job hunting.
Hi Guys. How to musicians inquire about being part of this event this summer??? -BAC
I still think it's awesome that Rondo is wearing the Huarache 2K4s.
thanks nick !
You'll soon have the chance to win a John Deere tractor and to meet BonfireJam PB artist, ! Thanks, Smith Tractor Company!
Why is it that i trust animals more than people?
How about our $4.99 lunch special. Soup, salad with our Fuji dressing & chicken fried rice. Our doors swing open at 11:30.
Watching what?
determining which j cole shirt i should order
rt Please join us in our #geowebchat twitter chat tomorrow, May 1 at 3 pm EDT.
You guys look unbeatable. But so did SKC in April. RT : Recap: blah blah blah blah FREDY MONTERO!!! Game.
"Short of hookers & blow ANYTHING can be purchased with political money, even a boat." -Steven Colbert on Letterman explaining his
Congrats on your graduation.
at Princeton has got the online networking thing down for her library!
Looking forward to helping 100'sof people start their own NacNak communities/businesses in 2012:)
On the real yous a lame
they have enough for 600 people they said?
fake it till you make it
Fuck yes. Alright <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Great having all the family home for Christmas, son fed and took care of #showcattle now time for
u need to come spin in San Antonio.
I love music but I love my FANS more! I can't do this with out yall! is working his butt of to get me out to yall! Thank u!
College Hockey
Johnny5, robot from movie Short Circuit, now a robocaller for Santorum
SOMEBODY DISAPPEARED ON ME!
Where do bees keep their money ?In a honey box !
#YouAreARepublican if you are ignoring the #WaronWomen, even while the GOP kills women's health care.
i didn't think it was that awesome of a show 2 seasons in either. Boy am I glad I stuck with it
Trying for the first time...
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
drinking my favorite flavor, X !
: Happy Birthday lady!!
make two dreams come true but following me nd 27
I love my fans. You are my life. I'll never stop making music.
Oh, Paul Reubens in Buffy the Flick: I <3 you.
It's showtime people!
“: let me hold a hunnid.. I need a beam for the 40. Dem fuk niggas stole my shit lol”You got it big bruh yo know
lol B is a ship jumper
Thank you for buying a book in advanced Adam! - Rob & Alex
Revolver Wednesday.....biggest party day of the year - going to be insane! let me know if you need list or tables 480.612.3337
follow me please!:)
Yay! Done with the class eariler than expected!
What are your favorite country songs from the 1990's?
Last night in the WB. See you tomorrow LA :)
#Navy turns to War of 1812 for help: //goo.gl/F9peB
TJ: For sure, let's meet up. I'm envious you have your scehdule all worked out! I'll send you a DM on twitter
cinema and chinese :)
pocket shots
Cause you're hilarious
Just joined the movement known as Tweeter...what's up world, how yall doing on this gorgeous Rainy @$$ day?!!?
I can see campus is about to be a ghost town
Back at it after 3 days with no spouse and no school for the kids.
u get my text?
Web sites where client's have the ability to update their content, will degrade significantly if they aren't carefully prepared.
Designing for Usage. Without curiosity you are only going to scratch the surface.
Call of kodu! How does this translate the child's life? Has there been studies in low income neighborhoods?
Yesterday was a beautiful day in SoCal! Today looks like a storm.
So true.
ONLY IF YOU WANT TO ! (:
Gone to see The Third Wheel Band
Awesome!! Jags baby. “: Congrats to the cards and #southinyamouth”
RT : and you hooked it up on the price......so awesome! // SWEET! We love hookin up the good deals!
Blue sky day in Mammoth Mountain.
HISC Wichita will be exhibiting at the Via Christi Georgetown annual health fair from 10a-2p on 03/31/11. It should be an exiting event!
another opportunity presented, another day blessed. time to make the best of my time today!
I think it's supposed to be windy.
RT RT : "Unlike paper, stored data doesn't survive benign neglect." - D Rosenthal #cni11f >> Nor does paper if bad environ
ask Newt G , Bill Clinton or Trent Lott on how to remove deadlocks!!!
#GOODMORING SWEETHEART I LOVE YOU NO MATTER WHAT
Lunch today - panini with roasted asparagus, proscuitto and gruyere. My mouth is watering! Jealous?
I hate when I ask my mom if I can leave & she changes the subject & never answers me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I so need to get home, gotta event in the am, Trust me I can sleep when I die and I plan to live a might long time :) Love all ya'll-Amanda
Duh, I live a Beyonce #wayoflife. See you in a bootylicious world! <3
I love you baby! Have a good day!! <3
ok I was planning on working tomorrow but I dont know for sure, but ill let you know
following now!
Thanks! Great event. Every location was packed! RT : Got my hair cut at for
looking 4ward to seeing some great #countrymusic tonight with the band Walkins Welcome, morning DJ Taylor Daniel from #wxcy on lead vocals!
alcohol sounds interesting. I'm glad to have a back up plan to the rice solution.
*hands you some wings*
He may have overdone it.
Thanks for shopping!
Video can fix that ;) RT : A9: I despise scripts, especially when the rep *sounds* like they are reading from one.
Marinated chicken today in toasted sesame salad dressing and grilling tonight. Easy dinner with rice and veggie on the side.
RT : Who do you want to see ? Tell us for a chance to win tickets! Tag #IAWTVatSTAPLE and #Austin to enter! Contest ends 2/24.
IF YOU'RE FROM OHIO AND LOVE RYAN BEATTY FOLLOW NOW AND GET A CHANCE TO MEET HIM.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy
just your booze and if you want something special
In so much pain:(
google her twitter screen name.
#KY leads #Louisville by 8 late n the 1st half.
hey I mentioned this on the forum but do you still have the empress tremolo? Do you like it? How important is tap tempo?
Fuller: Must disrupt the system w/ something different; not allow the alt to give up the same freedoms that distinguished it
#VladimirGuerrero #Jays Big signing! Light a fire under Lind's tail
Thank U! Ur an awesome kind of guy.
Hope day one is going great. Stop in afterwards and stay for a while. Daytona 500 on @ 7pm tonight. Great specials.
After raved about his, I bought myself an AeroPress, which completely rocks. Makes the best coffee ever. However, +
The customers that wait outside until you open
In the car On my way to work blasting GOOD GIRL by !
that wasn't very crunchy of you
my arm hurts
Do you fly in this Thursday? I cannot remember.
Hey ...do you wear #inov8 shoes??? If so, I would love to see a photo of you sportin' some!
Right, that's how you register CPT's. I want to display them in a loop, like posts
only ring LeBron will get is from that black girl Savannah
I'm not even Beatles fan really ... but and sound amazing singing Yesterday!!!
I am so happy the light is shining, you have no idea what 10 years plus of waiting is like, and all the problems to get to this spot. Great!
gulf shores AL /w DUKES 2nd sold out nite. erie-meyer civic ctr beautiful city.
Buckeye basketball is ridiculously fun to watch. Hope Sully gets back soon.
Spanish Proverb~ Whoever gossips to you will gossip about you.
- One issue that must be contemplated with Shyam Das firing is Ryan Braun's "true" story that no one knows.
In seeking happiness for others, you find it for yourself.
If I had a rose for everytime I thought of you, I'd be walking in a garden forever.<3
Hope everyone is having an awesome Saturday!!!
Tweeked Ancient Art Podcast rss feed. Now you see ALL episodes of the podcast in rss/iTunes. Not just the most recent 50 episodes.
Happy Friday!
WE HAVE A VENUE ~! ASTORIA PARK..IN ASTORIA QUEENS~! ITS NOT TO LATE SIGN UP TODAY @ WWW.THRILLTHEWORLDNYC.COM
RT “ Presenting to the parents of new transfer students with my DEM colleagues about services we offer and FERPA at
We're concentrating on falling apart.
Where?! I wanna see!
Missed out on an amazing review from food critic Victoria. Well do a follow up with our new chef!
My parents who are in their 60's had their first date at a Dodger game. I also painted my office in my new house Dodger blue.
Come on bell, Ring already!!! please? c:
I'm calling u later
(: your welcome lol
can't wait to go home and Skype with my amazing, wonderful babe Your eyes look amazing today babe btw! <3
As long as I got myself I'm never alone
Cody Simpson's Punk'd episode is on Thursday, May 24th.
Today’s downtown specials are: Soups are Roasted Cauliflower, Butternut squash, and Tomato (vegan). Sugar-free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
"It is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Lots going on tomorrow afternoon: Oktoberfest, Brewfest, Tamales Festival, Oyster & Guiness Festival and I'm missing them all!
ESA and China are in discussions about the possibility of Chinese flights to the ISS. This could get interesting.
wondering what all our followers will do this weekend?! let us know!
y u say that?
I was still too scared to buy a mango, so I bought pre-sliced mango instead. We will see how it goes...
skinny jeans for life! Lol
my chance to Skype you for the 3rd time <333
"Include IT as necessary..." Ann Rockley.
bc i seen your tweets! Lol
You, too! Got your ascot pressed? Have a julep or a bourbon for me
Reading out loud to the boyfriend on the couch. So, a normal weeknight.
sounds like they are not your real friends. Keep you head up. :)
Will be performing all summer long like I'm on tour. If you want to be a part of the movement hit me up. It's all love.
Thanks, for coming out and Supporting the National MS Society! Simply Sweet Shoppe was able to donate $500.00 to help find a cure...SWEET!
u guys r doing a great job. keep up the good work
If headaches were cool I'd have the one all the kids would want...
Oxy Mo: Considerate Boss
lol you mixed up the "V" and "N"
I haven't met you yet but you matter very much to me. Feels like many of your tweets are just for me:-)
#techexpo2012 is about to begin. Come see our content on the video wall.
u said she has no accomplishment and u dont like her on here.
": ": Common Sense is so rare it should be classified as a Super Power." Wouldn't you agree ?" I have no idea
Just a casual 400 dollar weekend. Just realizing this. Can't wait to have a job in a couple weeks
Igniting #AudaciousFaith in your life! ^staff RT Praying like a "juggernaut" today and everyday from now on!
haha one of my favorites
I love my birthday :) Masquerade's rock haha
I was so waiting for him to say like "no, Kate. That's not enough. You have to tell me you love me." lol
my fuckin iphone is unbelievably dead ass crackin glazin duct chillin right now.
Going out, to Hemingway's tonight!
gosh it takes so long time to finish Christmas shopping.
Think u r Brillant!
Lol no I'm dead serious..what is that?
Thanks for the RTs!
nope I flicked it off ASAP.
Did you know Wally had to get a new car. His other was totaled.
It's ALL about the conversation.
upset in Indy Chef!
too many Cabreras in baseball; Asdrubal, Melky, Miguel, Orlando. You WISH giants got Miguel Cabrera instead of Melky.
love you too :) sweet dreams !!
I will. When i get home! Like 30 more minutes! (:
An embarrassment of riches of submissions for our panel at A this November. Rethinking the national body as product of medical discourse
Any sushi lovers? BOGO FREE sushi at Only w/ a
no sorry twin not yet! And no lmfao I only send a tweet then I'm done! Lol ive been trying to save my battery
You're the lowest type. You're the lowest.
I swear, we're not all like that. Just crazies from Billings.
I am so happy for Chris Bosh and the birth of his new baby. So is every other Knicks fan.
oh Charles Barkley, you still do make me laugh at times. mispronouncing Kawhi Leonard
Follow up - Which one works best: Content Development and Authority Linking! says,
password to unlock.?
If I'm parked & putting those pretty Velcro rollers in my hair...chances are, I'm not pulling out :) just FYI
These look delicious! Will have to try. I love the Nicey Treat folk! I'm dying to try their Pineapple Basil flavor - yum!
Avoid chocolates that have corn syrup, cane sugar or whole milk as major ingredients.
Yes, thank goodness!
uh-oh i just saw the popo(cops)
Spice Girls : Emma Bunton et Mel C réunies - Direct Star
yeah. I didn't pack right. Lol. But was fun.
Getting started Making Space for Entrepreneurs and Independent Workers
Can so go for some carne asada fries
Thanks, bud! I'm really looking forward to it!
Nothing going on this AM? Stop on in to learn more about your Wireless Device at our free Device Workshop.....Today 730am-900am
"IT'S BIGGER THAN HIP HOP!!!!"-DEAD PREZ "FAKE RECORDS!!!!" S/O 2 M1, STICKMAN, & FRED HAMPTON JR. "REAL BROTHERS!!!!"
not to him yet Steven but will let you know :)
You may not be beautiful to him, but you're beautiful to someone else and that's all that matters.
that's weird. . .you may just need to upgrade iOS.
It be some dumb mf on the first 48...
I know its broken
Sexy Mexican in MY Right YES!* ;D
Thanks. In all seriousness, I'm sorry that the exp. was bad enough to drive you to lash out.
watching #Scandal she a hoochie lol
Do you think if I repeatedly called a radio station and requested they play , they finally would? Lol
Happy Holidays my friend :) (Malcolm)
Beyonce video next!
Just in: #Winterhawks forward Brad Ross signed to a 3-year entry level contract with Toronto Maple Leafs.
I have over $22,800 in purchased iTunes... I deleted my cc from that account today
let the language of your heart becomes the language of scripture
Paying by phone for coffee at M mobile payment + caffeine fix
Great photos of two master artists at work!
haha right.. Shaking my head hahaha
because he plays for the Vikings, or because he beat his girlfriend?
listening to you on air this morning, are you coming to in <1 month?
sangria or mimosa? decisions decisions <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
spend $100 in produce&protein on a "I need a few things" grocery stop, spend the next 2 hrs washing, cutting & cooking it!
Yo that was a scary ass commercial.smoking sucks
hey, hows that #volleyball pic coming along?
Ha nope your not crazy; it's on there!
that was the best skit
im awkward o.e
She will get this in morning has been asleep since 8 pm.
Buy any two books at our 25% #oah12 #ncph12 discount, get 50% off a third book! Booth 302 in the exhibit hall.
I loved 'Dark Shadows.' The music alone was worth it!
More. Look into the Denver Mint, Denver Art Museum, Dinosaur Ridge or 16th Street Mall
- Looks like fun!
My mom loved her present <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Did you know? Denver has three wins against the RPI Top 50: No. 16 Southern Miss, No. 40 St. Mary's & No. 43 Middle Tennessee.
I had a GREAT day! LA is awesome!! how was your day?
Doing a 3 day mean green cleanse. May not make it. It is DIS-GUS-TING!!!
Guess who's back to tweeting? No more sappy tweets about love lost cause I've gained as well. Miss my tweet-peeps! :)
I own academia.
NEW SHOW at Club Moscow located 1652 N. Cherokee Ave. , Hollywood , CA , 90028... FREE before 10:30 with flyer... ages 18 and up
Robin Murray talking about web scale platform, collaboratively building web scale with libraries
Morning! Did you know that as of 2010, 10.4 percent of adults in Baltimore are unemployed?
Trying to connect with other marketing companies. We can get ur clients a page 1 rank in 24 to 48 hours u can rebrand my services
#onthebrightside even though I missed my greyhound bus, I got another comin this a.m
Hey, long time no see.
Pick-Up line: Yeah...., it's big and if you pet it, it spits!
Or maybe that's the set of the parody "This Isn't The Hobbit".
Rallying Mt. Washington neighbors for the April 25th
Thank you Viddy
Good morning. Lots on my mind today...mostly about worrying about my kids and being a mom as all us moms do.
is the comedy tweet legend.
Congratulations to on 16 great years of service & for all of the help you have given us thru the years.
Thats messed up 20 years in prison 4 firing warning shot.
#1 or #2 best baseball free agent this offseason, unexpectedly signed by my favorite team for 9 yr $200m+ contract.
the real question is why did you tweet about it so much
Love you bruh! your a great motivator and entrepreneur!
There it is. I let it go and I'm not offended. If you don't really wanna be my friend that get the hell out of my way while I jump ahead.
Who cookin wings for the NFL draft?lol The afterparty is at KLUSOZ baby!!! WE GOIN IN TONIGHT YO!!!!
NOW GO OUT THERE AND TAKE IT!
WHAT other version- art scroll?
A FEW DAYS HE SOUNDS SO AWFUL I HAVE CRIED PRAYED AND CRIED AGAIN
Not a fan of the NBA
If you're just refilling one cup, that counts as one cup of coffee a day. Same with wine.
for two years
If the NJ Devils advance to the ECF in the #StanleyCupPlayoffs does that help or hurt the Red Wings chances at Parisee
In 20-30 years one of the hardest things our kids will have to do is finding a username that hasn't already been taken.
RT :Intro of iPad3 might be good time to sell ur stock, Mike Walsh on global innovation moving faster than companies
i can let yu or i can cuff yu makes me no difference but i want yu & yu kno it but its yur choice yu can take it life is what yu make it
RT : On my way to the #Carmel indoor market. Come get some beautiful, right out of the oven croissants!
Hadn't noticed.
You're very welcome! Check out our music?
Got a sneak peek of upcoming Better Biz Blog - looks at 3 market trends in Long-Term Care vendors should keep in mind.
you guys are great thanks for having this special day with us I'll take your advice:). Have a great night
Heading off to work then to GKTW for Halloween Photographer!!
Why you bringing up old shit?
AP Exams<<<
Let the #birthday festivities begin!
Which is why I love it.
well I mean I'll be in that area but I won't have the cookies cuz I'm at work and then I'm goin right after work. :/
So what you are saying is--if the brand delivers, the practices are OK. As long as we get what we want, the CEO is honored.
It takes 1 inner ugly,bored,& immature individual 2 just sit & tweet about how ugly some1 is. Really says alot about how u feel about urself
Yes, innocent joy helps. For the older & semi-jaded, focus on what you want to create & real people innovating.
Actually I should ask what do you think of the dress?
NOTHING EVER JUST HAPPENS... Our God reaches out into our minds & hearts through our experiences... Continued next tweet
I feel bad for #Quebec folks who were mislead into thinking they'd get a team, but a REALLY wish the sad trombone would have played there.
#apple 1st paper book I bought n 18 months, "The Steve Jobs Way" it is 2 good 4 #kindle All leaders should read this book.
#Str8LykeDes.. Gone live life....
Well, hello! It's in this here November #DwellMagazine! Nice!
.: "The song is 'Take Me Home, Country Roads.' It will now be stuck in your head the rest of the morning." ()
Thx to all those donating today who sponsor admission for a deserving kid to waterpark w a donation at www. Baldfacedtruth.ORG
wanna do it!?
almost hit while she was walking with students
Thanks for following. I love what you stand for.
UM. YES. no questions.
Kila Monster attack!
I want to throw up on today's face
When I walked into the showroom at Wilde, Robbie greeted my father and I with a nice smile and a handshake. I needed to find a new...
Love ya man!
Absolutely, when do you think he'll get the respect of everyone else?
Off early but I get my 8 anyway man im ballin out of control.
O has been up for hours and I am very jealous of DH who got to sleep in this morning. I want sleep!
Ugh I hate when that happens lol RT : I need a new avi but all my pics too big
Good morning, guess who's back!
I have a huge crush on this guy.. And it took me 4 full years of high school to realize it..
let me brainstorm...
Beautiful day. Heading to the InStyle Golden Globes beauty lounge.
"I have to tinkle"
Day 21 on the platform, feels more like a boat than a fixed platform. Pretty stormy today, rumors are we are supposed to get 2" of rain.
what up bro! shit was live at Envy wit 2Chainz that loud was tight too
Can I have a follow please
Hanging out in a blackout with Apparently 80 degree weather is too much to handle.
why the hell can't I sleep
Seattle here I come with Alyssa :D
Poor 4th Qrter #Champagne volumes lead Vranken-Pommery Monopole to report a decline in full-year sales for the 12 months to the end of 2011.
Chck the new video out! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes
RT : Q5 What's your favorite slang running term, or acronym?
even if I bomb this final there is no way I cant pass this class since I have only missed 3 points this semester #yayyforbeingasmartypants:)
Can they really win without Bosh!?
dude good luck
I am stumped when I comes to setting up my website...again...so excuse it for the moment....
Happy Friday to all my friends and family, have a safe, blessed and fun weekend.
Happy Earth Day!
i'm just going to say it, based on your previous sexual encounters, i'm a fucking model.
the money??
That's how I started off with my first year of it
follow back please???
"Depression is the guardrail of the person with no road map"
We become aware of the void as we fill it. ~ Antonio Porchia, Voces, 1943, translated from Spanish by W.S. Merwin
Hi Jim, fun playng this w/end ended up spending nite at TurningStones: not a bed but a chair...left w chips. enjoyed the limit
Haha we should tag all of them(:
#youaintmyvalentinebecause You have a scorpio tattoo next to your thug life tattoo, thats next to your face, which is next to terrible.
Imani (discussing her best moment of the previous week): OH! And I'm making a mural... out of...yarn and...thumbtacks."
Good Night Tweet Hearts . Sleep tight xo
And that's all she wrote
I really hate #Dudes who trys to take another mans girl its like what you having trouble finding your own girl? You look desprant then cool
What will make you smile this weekend?
Did any of you participate in "take a child to work day" today ?
I have actually never dined in Vegas. I have heard good things about Robuchon.
For those who attended the CCIM webinar please take note that the report will appear in your property documents.
Back to work after an amazing two-week vacation to Hong Kong and the Philippines. Big day and lots to do!
. goodness and oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. We feel loved. It'll be a good day. How's your Thursday?
Congrats! RT : Woot! Got my "letter of completion" for the Audio and Slideshow Production course
That millisecond your sure your going to die when you lean back in your chair a little to far
No troll
We agree! “: Hear! Hear! RT : #ff to all #Blogtournyc sponsors & x”
on ice... Woo
Hugo said "I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one!!!"
U.S. stocks suffer steepest decline of 2012, extending losses to fifth session.
Big night for new music at the
cause I seen something about his babymomma now I'm seeing he dead that's fucked up smh that shit is crazy
just seen a cold ass pass in soccer
I choose to see the funny
20 more days...just 20 more days...
Hey greatest video sharing site on the Internet...why did u just block India from using your service? They make videos 2!
I'm not sure how I lived 16 years without screenshot
QoTD: "Who lies for you will lie against you." (Bosnian Proverb)
Ha! While avoiding lava & making the fort!
lol. evil to my wallet, yes they are.
@ class Man cant wait to start working & make a better future for me & my Family! I love my boys to death...
When Rdio unexpectedly plays a System of a Down song with the volume cranked up.
Really good luck then! There's nothing like the perfect place! My spare room has all my yarn.
Wow! Great questions fans! I see them all, thank U! We'll air the interview at 7:35 ET tomorrow morning on
Watching on Go Aztecs!!!
How come there were no brain surgeons in that #kobebryant commercial?
Thank you for the kind and flattering blog post!
Love is fragile, you have to know how to handle it in order for you to know it exist....hm!
I want to apeer on "Falling Sky", feel me? She seems cool and affible, so enjoy! -Stronodelarosa
big thanks to for hosting tonight's cool event and for all the great tips!
I mean "hit the wall today" not literally, emotionally...maybe should try punching wall, might "click" back from this constant fog...
Could make love to #SKIN such a hott song
-starts to tears up
After weeks of moving, painting, carpeting, and cleaning we are finally settling into our new offices!
Just got the news that Frank Payne, star of STARF*CKERS, passed away this afternoon. Heartbroken. You will be missed!
lol indeed im hanging out with the folks in occupy toronto.. :) fun bunch of folks
check ya email fam when you get a chance ..let me know wut you think..aight peace..splitzwizard
Yay! That makes us happy!
Busy day! I'm so thankful for everything, especially that I didn't feel the earthquake! =)
California here we come!
Intriguing.... A place I've never heard of that has gambling?!....
: To dos: Review your opt-out process and privacy policies, review how your co. collects and uses consumer info.
Overheard in the office this morning: "That's got some girth to it!"
Your Welcome & thanks for the love ready for ?!
Hello Twittiverse. Who is joining me tonight for #CMLbookchat?
We have them right where we want them!!
Today 1934: FBI raided Little Bohemia Lodge in Northern Wisconsin on a tip that John Dillinger was there, but Dillinger escaped.
I feel like that's a given.
so very tempted to follow 's idea of #uk/#us with #business/#bar: "feedback" #business / "you are family you are! (big hug)"
O & ofc score 1 for the media creating news as they wish it 2 be seen instead of reporting actual facts. Guess what? Sex sells, dickhead.
South Doyle boys >>>
Followed, could u give me a shoutout ? & hey did vote for JUSTIN ?
How areyour studies going?
So Cellar Selection went pretty well with the artichoke pesto on ak-maks ...
#growth11 you own & control a unique & difficult to enforce trademark. How do you balance being a "friendly" co. and being a brand bulldog?
innovative p2p sites like extralunchmoney are also a part of the project i'm working on, and just noticed you're active on those..
lol..U already know..
Thanks to old and new friends that came to the show! What an engaging audience and powerful performers! Thrilled for what comes next!
If u r going to pray, why worry. If you're going to worry, then why pray.
'lo. random new follower from seattle. big fan of the FAQ.
Today, visit the library from 1-2 to hear about Mendeley, a free citation and pdf manager. Training & Events Rm, 1st floor.
awesome! I've never heard Two Door Cinema Club though. Definitely worth checking out?
Now I can gloat #halaMADRID <3 #RONALDO yes good Saturday :)
With all of the modern technology in our house, I still cannot bring myself to use the "popcorn" button on the microwave...
Just watched a rest. owner ask an arriving customer to leave and never come back based on what he did last time. Dude, what did you do?!
Life has no remote, Get up and change it yourself.
Such a joy meeting & Lauren Miller @ LAX! Held back the urge to power-cuddle their adorable dog, too! I'm calling that a success.
Your final exam is in New Orleans in February.
Thanking God for all he done for me #blessednostress O:-)
To #print folks attendingthose #Drupa in Germany how's the show been?Any cool industry innovations or cool sightings?
Taking afternoon off work. Too damn cold to be out there
A-ok. How's your Monday?
in your words...GROSS.
I have no idea, but it's the elegant starkness of the ads, the subtle allure, kind of apathetic, muted dull hum of the art.
#highschoolmemories ...one large plastic jar full of pickles
Duty calls and I can't make the Hacking Edu happy hour on Thursday. Does anyone need a ticket?
It's a shame you all think this way about 'homeless' people. Hope it never happens to you....
Vinnie Pestano takes the mound for the Tribe in the top of the 8th. Tribe leads 2-1
I have a bad habit of pushing people away..
I love you !
Try on They have a lot of subjects there.
gearing up for this weekend! Come by and check our booth out! Its going to be insane!
I can't stand when girls chew their gum like cows. <U+E416><U+E40E>:-X
Partly cloudy overnight with temps dropping into the 20s. Mostly sunny and mild Monday. Rain & rain/snow mix look to move in Tuesday...
haha i always win. htank you.
Not ignoring at all. that's the pt. RT UR ignoring people get rewarded 4 dressing bizarrely & acting out by media.
That project bout killed me; finished right on time .
Just read your column on #arsenic and rice Thanks for the great coverage of an important, complicated issue.
Good Monday morning! Sheesh It's not even daylight & the temp is above 90.
No peace until Charlie Brown kicks Lucy's football.
Saw Red Tails this weekend...Good Movie, Actors did great. If u haven't seen it go see it
Your profile pic is stellar! Hmm...I'll check that one out. Looking for a card that works hard for us.
Nope. He's playing The Entry tonight.
i know ^-^ hahahah tweet tweet
It'd be nice to see you at Go
what's up big girl?
are you serious?! Shes so annoying! Where do you sit?
Woohoo, can see out my car windows again!
u will find more of it in college
An action task force should be formed in #ChulaVista to deal with the problem of unscrupulous people taking over vacant foreclosed homes.
hey thanks for following :) have you checked out our music? :)
lets go!!!
Sacia: This will be one of these votes that determines our moral compass. We are very poor stewards of getting our house in order.
Looks like I'm goin to bed early tonight:/
okay, tell ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS to watch& LIKE it. We really really really need to get this(:
Damn you sports Gods!!!...did you have to put the #NYR and #NYK on at the same time!?!?.....DAMN YOU!!!
nope, only today!
he's an artist in the show and made him self like hot pink and neon blue haha
Hate all you want, you can't break the girl who thinks nothing of you.
Previous Tweet was quoting Bernie Sanders. Thank you, Bernie.
Turned it on just in time for the final pitch. No hitter Jered Weaver.
miss you, too! You were witness to my early #controlfreak days when I spent weeks coding the site from scratch.
I feel 5x more productive today than I did yesterday :)
Gotta tlk to won.
It's gonna get real in house tomorow
The cobbler's children go without shoes, as they say.
She coming to drank and smoke some of this good dank an go back to my place you already know
Well now pretty much know everything bout me thanks to my parents. That was a hilarious family dinner
all the time! And Lainey, I would probably visit that website.
Good I'm Glade u made it safe.
RT : Calling all media interns, we're looking for fresh faces !! - Marketing/Design PAID Internship...
beautiful voice...waiting on that solo album..In Jesus name I pray amen!..I forgive ya!
yea that's true talk. But who that meant for??
cheer up ! No need to be sad , get glad !
Awesome RT : Four Serato people in this hotel room and not one of us can figure out how to work the iPod dock.
#25 Kentucky Elite vs. #1 Dunk Dog Elite first game of Georgia Stars Classic Saturday! Big time writers/exposure around!
Hi, Would you be willing to exchange links with us? let me know.
"Of course, you know, growing up in Michigan I've always been an enormous fan of the Pittsburg Steelers." Oh SNL.
it'll probably be just simple shooting on the gun.
Enoteca is a great place to have a glass of bubbly and watch the oscars!
Welcome aboard the tweeter train!
A photo-shoot.
#edchat Also, even if admin. were effective once, many fail To stay in touch with the classroom.
Everyone cusses these days...
#SocialMedia are those wedding vows you wish you said..." ~ Anonymous
because nobody is there ;)
Bout 2 have a bitch fit...not even me but...
hey Californians, follow You won't regret it! :D
Flat tummy ... I need that ;)
I'm a Hobbit lover too. They're also filiming a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
Had a great time with my family today #neverforgetwhereyoucomefrom :)
nice shots Matt. Looking forward to that new album!
Love is not for me.
OMG 208 FOLLOWERS TNX SO MUCH PPL N MY AMAZING FOLLOWERS!!!!!
chicago code 3 im gone ft chas
NW Quilter's Show all this weekend at the Portland Expo Center.
you're probably right but I do love okc bigs vs lakers bigs especially if Bynum or gasol get in foul trouble
I had Milk Duds at an Xmad Party tonight! Opps. But they were good!
Deafula is such a good zine!
": sweet! That was lucky! Busses suck ... ugh"
Help me get to 500 followers by Christmas. Blast out to all your friends.
PET film shortage over? Calling all analysts ...
text me now.
Ever used "It's Complicated" for a Facebook status? Tweet me back why for a non-work related project I'm working on.
We are still negotiating with Shaggy 2 Dope and hope to have him on the side of the CTA buses before the next Dark Carnival.
i miss you dogg...
Need to learn more about #RDI #relationshipdevelopmentintervention? We can help. We have online education.
I love your avi. Cuteness. :)
Q. How are men like noodles? A. They're always in hot water, they lack taste, and they need dough.
Maud must have taken a vacation. Missing your style in my life.
"What did you learn about putting today?" Student replies "I am beast at it!"
watched the movie twice, only in our modern age could the #STOPKONY message spread take the time and make him famous
Hey Thanks!! I had a blast doing the Wendy Williams Show! - Thanks for the mention! The Storm xoxox
What about Chris Gaines?!
Can't wait to get back into the gym
Timing is everything, and everything happens for a reason! <3
I want in. ESPN is solid with me.
Headed back to work... REALLY don't wanna go to this staff meeting.
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Still can't connect Mac or iPad to wireless at #ITC12 so tweeting Josh Jarrett's keynote on phone
It's really hard to tell twins apart....
that's all you can say...
I like pictures because they never change... they even bring back the memories of people who have changed.
thinking of you girl!!!
Hate the cast line up for Dark Knight 2. ya'll get a thumbs down!! wasn't tryna see catwoman just yet, but maybe Johnny Depp as the Riddler
A sound with which I am very familiar . . .
Hey How about you call me and we can bump uglies. I will be the best you ever had. 414-429-3973
I can agree with that, though I think initially it will surge artificially.
Lovely story. So what are you working on?
Client just asked why "Table based layouts are bad" ... <face palm>
Sorry inner stillness. Need more coffee this morning.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don’t need.
You try to be nice till they make u pull out that thang and give them a better understanding. Hood hooligunz affiliates nigga getitright
jealous I want to go back
I wish she would hurry up so I could clock out
Memorial day sale 11 AM to 2 PM 30% off all regular priced items. Happy Memorial Day!
I'm going bummy to her metrotech graduation :c oh well.
Why did that have2happen?? Why? Im staying home for the rest of the day. Idc what anybody says.
he sucks bro
: lol how would they?
Describing my love for One Direction is like describing the taste of water. I love them so much, it's impossible. <U+2665>
Big Hugs girls especially Eileen. I'm sending warm thoughts and prayers your way. xo
Really need to find apartment in Boston.
Senator Marco Rubio has endorsed Mitt Romney.
Always Be Closing!! ABC
haha no I wanted to know where my liver was located!! Shits important <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Spotted, by : man dressed as Snape.
Can a nigga see his friends for once? Yeah he can.
Uhp Early, Stomach hurtn like crazy
Just learned that hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is defined as "a fear of long words." Look it up!
Ha! One of my best friend's non-internet just finally called me back! Man, was he up late! LOL!!!
we are staying in the crappiest and most scary motel ever eeeekkk
Do You Really?
Great to see Jill Hurst-Wahl (and her book) at #CIL!
My 6 year old cousin is teaching me how air bending works.
Insert the 'the more you know' music.
HoeLies #25: I don't remember last night.
Thanks for coming!
love you guys but your short staffing really stresses your servers & guests. Wine glasses empty for awhile now
M too lazy to get up
Why Less is More: Less Paper in your Law Office saves the expense & time delay of getting docs from close storage. Less Paper = More Time
Pleasure! Already enjoying your tweets and looking forward to more. :)
#iLikePeopleWho surprise me in the best ways ever!! (:
My body feels like it's been hit by a semi
S/O TO>> FROM 2CEE OF TRACK HITTERZ..GOT BEATZ 4 YOU MY BOY!!
his name is bryzgalov in this game.
Reading "The Mysterious Benedict Society" by Trenton Lee Stewart this
Noticed that Lopez was on the TV on mute midway through a hulu show
Joe ... Joe is ... WOW!!! ...lmao, There's a difference between being honest and being insulting! I ... I can't .. lol
“: Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes <U+E253><U+E423><U+E429> Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes <U+E302><U+E006><U+E007> Real Niggas Hustle For Goals <U+E11E><U+E425><U+E035><U+E42E><U+E51A>”
no problem:')
Which means I can accomplish nothing
New york city for new years!!!!!! I'm so excited! :) woo
prolly should reconsider word to shorten. Attacks by flying black mammals conveys a lil different message than criminal injury
RIP Jim Marshall. A huge influence on the soundtrack of our lives.
with pleasure lol
#GhonimLA: "We tend to be braver behind the keyboard." --Wael Ghonim
Why did the boy jump up and down on the letter?He heard that you have to stamp letters or the post office won't send them.
My home studios looking too nice right now. wish i could stay here all day
and why aren't you?
lol eating late
- Barrel aged in your own whiskey barrel? Do tell!
i have hope now :D
Thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
How does something so good end up so bad
: nothing much you? <3
Welcome to Greensboro!! Just got in town, bout to get setup at the hotel then go have dinner with my brother & the fam
How do designers make money when normal people can't afford their clothes, and the privileged receive them for free?
So, I have to say I cheated and had the Private Bin last week when it arrived! Saved a glass for tonight's
Im tryn to make the goosebumps on your inner thighs show
I appreciate you listing us under the category of "sports without bases," any feedback we get helps us do better, thanks again
did i tell u im movin to ohio
Rushing Waters Rainbow Trout from Palmyra WI for feature tonight. Think
Well the SONGS protesters didn't show. But the Arts Alive banner vote made banner backers happy. Story to be posted soon!
wow, small world. Neat. What'd you rent?
#fiction5 cannery row, sometimes a great notion, gatsby, all the pretty horses, lord of the rings
you were onto something........
i don't know what others are saying to you.... but i don't like it when people seek $/Gifts
Bless you! :)
For Robin, Now that you live here in my chest, anywhere we sit is a mountaintop.4-15-07
Watching that halftime interview with Leslie Visser, how cool is Tim Miles? Colorado State playing its pace in first half for sure.
i been tryna get on there but i cant til summer
because some people are just dumb. Think liberals.
I think Adam is overstating some things. The HG didn't 'inspire' me. I have never aspired to that kind of bad behavior...
oh your magic. <U+2764>
SHIT. Did not know we had an exam today
yes, I think ima go thursday instead cause I have softball tuesdaay
ok then. This is surprising. Shocking actually. Nice for pico tho - show why / how he got here. Course he'll prolly get broken now.
can't wait to get to Utah!! 55 days and counting!!!
I need waffles and donuts stat.
aw thanks u too! & have fun cherish those prom moments! :)
Tool? I'm sure you've got that one already. Anyway they seem to be available!
yeah some of us have sensitive egos too. Its hard being a manly man sometimes. heh.
Let's go San Diego State Aztecs!
is growing up she's getting her first tattoo <U+E057>
nice piece. Hope you get to cover the March 3rd event.
haha. It's almost too appropriate.
i miss you, when r u coming back to the Nap
dark chocolate is good for you say Doctors! ;)
please please choose me :-)
please please please check your DM like asap!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg!! My bed and this breeze feels So good!! There's room for 1 more!! Lol
Buried in work. I'll be back :)
When they know they're your heart, and you're their armor, and you will destroy anyone who tries to harm her.
#Denverpolice say one person in custody in incident next to #Regis University.
Please just tweet to me instead.
Hello little-little!
I heard that segment John and I want to give credit to Marc Burns, the guy I work with who talked to Sly last night...
now dats a beautiful cute sexy smile...
I miss you and :(
Agreed. I have to order & make available books by lots of people I don't agree with, but I too would defend it.
The soul that can speak with its eyes can also kiss with a gaze.
#BestSportsRivalry Brady vs his receivers hands.
I'm not eather ha
In a bar less than a mile from my place, with a carry on suitcase. Because of course ...
sadness omg
Good morning everyone
I can't do a gangster walk. I'm to.."my mom's a therapist".
Mitt Romney has probably never been in a dive bar.
Happy Friday!
So what did you think?
Nice job salvaging a decent finish tonight. You represented yourself well throughout the entire race.
What are you even talking about ? I'm confused , you think YOU'RE gona do something ?
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : April 10, 2012
trying to link home & wireless at&t accounts. their website really stinks. it is nothing even close to easy. i am becoming annoyed
why are you such a freaking lier I mean if you want more followers then just ask Instead saying you have haked his twitter!
Your predicition is whack and Ace like
I'll have the Murk salad. Also the prime BLVDGNG grilled medium rate
the Producers never received your music to play on the show!!
Oh okay(: Just send them in by April 18th (:
Just unsubscribed to the last of the 15 or so Vegas resort email marketing lists that I have been receiving since 2003
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Who is the teacher you appreciated the most?
Third-party hardware and software products that work with Microsoft's new OS will get a sticker that says so.
Rondo bout to go tf off!
At Cafe Scientifique talk at SRI. Nuclear powers future?
Take a Chicago food tour to get to know your new city more - check out and
haha and it bothers me when Hollywood ending fans "love" Marianas trench like shut up you don't even know who they are hahaha
Thanks kindly!
hey what's up buddy
WHAT'S BEEN UP?
didnt you get the tweet telling you who i am
OMG!! I love Monty python!! Are you one of the knights that say nee? Lmao!
new FB layout. pro: timeline shows even more about you! con: still doesn't prevent you from lying about how awesome you aren't.
i have consistently good experiences with the DC DMV - particularly the G'town branch. This morning they were so speedy and friendly!
I don't know yet, probably come by tomorrow to see what they talking about since I didn't have time to today.
I'm running a happy hour tonight at Sarajevo Lounge for 200+ people that don't know each other yet. Join us! I'll be wearing bunny ears.
It's crazy how mfers act towards you. Always want something but when they don't get it note all of a sudden they dont fuck wit you. Petty!
Doing nothing today
you're just awesome. But yeah it's quite entertaining. Hope to see u soon bud nj @ PCA.
had a vision of myself during a journey last night working with herbs in nature.
Morning twitter
hanging out at IAH waiting for London flight.
Pro side. I have tomorrow off. Neg side a rich asshole called me an idiot, but then again he's an ass. So maybe it's a compliment?
Yo the jam session this week felt awesome! We wanna get @ it again maybe write some beats or somethin. Hit us up next time ur back
there's an idea.
There are deck guys for that. :-)
Got all B's!
You don't. I think that's capitulationist, but you have a right to your opinion.
thank you!
reading some posts to get going for the day and thinking about how much we love him at Fresh ID. Really, it's almost sinful :D
Wrong, your small, tough and cute!
International Love on the radio:)<U+2665>
About to go outside... after a half of day of sleeping... -_-
Nate has more of a social life than me. Haircut. Playdate w/ Logan. Majesty B-Day party. His Grandma's house.
it's like a juice cleanse for gutter palates.
Cool. Nice area. :-) ": cool. We are over on lake Michigan, by Benton Harbor!"
No offense to FSC, but the Timbers radio commentary is far superior with Robbie Earle and John Strong on 95.5 The Game.
try one of my songs/ into jazz?
Oh, and you have to join our Race For The Cure team ;)
Compared to the stories I read after last Year's 5 Borough Tour, this actually sounds like an improvement.
I couldn't BELIEVE it was happening... like watching a natural disaster or the world end in front of your eyes.
naw a house u kno my dad a real estate agent so we tryna work some shit out
Day 4 of #fullframe15 ... So many great int'l themed documentaries , so little time!
Get like me
Tavis Smiley- Respect the seal and the high office that President Barack H. Obama occupys.
I often get tired of having long hair and I haven't had a hair cut since August… So it looks like I'm shaving my head tomorrow...
HA! what's the topic?
do it!
Really lost for words
"Ladies and gentlemen, boys-" "WHAT. ONE DIRECTION IS HERE.?!"
He's got notoriously bad taste. Smh. Best programming on TV. I'm happy someone can else is on board.
RT thank you sister, love you! I know/: hey ! happy birthdaay sister . i love you <U+2665> :') ew.. ur old. ;p heheh.
studying fonts in the most boring shit ever
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you think you want, NOT because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve MORE!
Welcoming the UNCA board of directors to Chicago, Illinois on 12/1 for its last business meeting of 2010 - safe travels!
If my brother come in my room again to use the bathroom n its one in da hall im gne shot off!! Smh
Book your Christmas party today!!!!
YaYtks Happiness is free organic BOTOX lol YaY enjoy
thank you for being my 100th follower! :)
Me (or "mine") RT You. RT What is the oldest word?
Your actions should inspire, your actions should teach, your actions should motivate....That's a true leader
That's funny. You know its our study, right? We're the first to link neural ad response to the behavior. That was the point.
We're so excited that will be on Hollywood From Home on Jan 25th. Im watching A.N.T Farm right now in celebration!
i need a hair change. suggestions?
Sweet ride Greyson. I can see you in one of those one of these days.
You Know She Wrong For That!
StarsDieFeed: I think that XMIII should be Porcupine Tree Live at the Royal Albert Hall, if you agree, RT!
Oh I looked and it's hilarious! Fortunately curiosity got the better of me.
Richard Vargas-- I've taken so many jobs I could not identify with b/c I'm a writer, not a UPS worker or a postal worker
What's your favorite Thread and Sugar beauty service? Tweet us your answers and tell us why you love them:)
first of all Zac is my best friend! and 2nd you broke up with me. if we were still together I wouldn't be flirting!
Thks. RT : "We are slow to realize that democracy is a life; and involves continual struggle." Robert "Fightin' Bob" La Follette
Just tweeted out an update.
Who are you thinking will bust 4th?
haha Eric's grandparents live up there! lol :D tiny little town!
Funny, that's what I was thinking. Where does the time go?!?!
God is love !
Thank you Congressman Blumenauer for adding your name to the HOPE for Alzheimer's Act!
a million things run through my mind, you aint gotta be in jail to be doin time #Np TIME GOES BY
thanks! We love the neighborhood too.
Stoked about my Aggies finally gathering some attention again. Whoop!!!!
In life, as in football, you won't go far unless you know where the goalposts are. -Arnold H. Glasgow
Going to the Marlins game today :D
This ratchet girl had the nerve to ask me if she was ratchet.... I said yes, your ratchet af'. Had to tell her the truth.
:) RT : Proud to be named the first Sultan of Smack for 2011 on Great way to start the year!
yo ed can yu slide me some beat vans
thanks for the mention! Have a KickAss weekend!
Parents are the biggest cockblocks.
Sleepy drive home from work...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I'm a Hobbit reader too. They're also producing a production of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
#BOOM BIIT'CHESS
Matt Kemp v. Stephen Strasburg. This is what we get League Pass/MLB.tv for.
OMFG I LOVE YOU, fucking ahmen. I think I have the right to say what I feel don't I? And thanks <3
I look forward to my unit testing discussion meeting all week, and this week it's canceled! At least I have #sqlsat118 on Saturday
Watch The Encore of Tony Duran lead actor and Pittsburgh native Gene A. Pietragallo tomorrow morning on KDKA Pittsburgh Today Live
#west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west #west go #west even tho i am from the (east)...Hehe team #west!!!!
Guess Imma play my guitar for lack of better things to do....
Really hoping I'm not coming down w/everyone else's colds, but the space where my tonsils used to be tell me otherwise. Where's my zinc!
“: I think it's cool that you help to empower others!” thanks Joel!
Oooow "Get E'm High" <----- went in on the Kanye beat. #HeScores!
Good morning beautiful people!
RT : After much thought, I've decided to vote YES on the SAG/AFTRA merger. We are stronger together than we are apart....
<U+0093>Do you know what happens when you give a procrastinator a good idea? Nothing!<U+0094> - Donald Gardner
Are you in the show tonight? Please say yes.
TEAM INDIA.... SEHWAG DROPPED for next SERIES...
#SometimesIWonder what you see in me.
I love this show RT : HBO renews "Treme" for a third season. Are you watching this series?
I don't understand...
Hope everyone had a great holiday :) Looking forward to celebrating the season with a few of you at #MSG this week!
Need a set of ground rules that users don't have to think about. People can look this up, but not necessary
You can't be ugly and play hard to get. It just doesn't work that way. You're already hard to want.
We hit the 100 mark for "LIKES"! Woot Woot! Tell your friends.
Everything going smoothly. I used some of the old pen work mosaic patterns and a new pattern emerged.
You've taken such good care of your shoes, I don't think anyone could ever fill them. We appreciate it.
I mean, even I know you don't throw a low bounce pass to a big man...
What event are people doing today?
Thank you so much! We've got some fun plans on the roadmap.
Are people on them like they were the concords?
If the people in horror movies would listen to me, They'd still be alive right now
I have used peroxide & baking soda my whole life to keep my teeth white with NO problems. Very very safe and cost effective!
Hilarious. RT : If Cro is on Marshall, Revis better be on Mark Duper.
Almost 2am and is on the floor searching for zayns follwers determined for him to follower her?!
xmas colors are very bold! hah and yeah no problem! Everyone knows you're awesome already, I just wanna make you awesome-ER! haha
And mars and earth makes 4.
#NEU The Writing Center is hiring Peer Writing Consultants for spring. Great opportunity for those interested in writing, teaching
great music, drinks, n ppl
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality ... SUCKS!!
EVERYBODY GO AND VOTE FOR IN THE NEXT BIG THING CONTEST AGAINST 1D!!!!! Austin all the way!! :):):):):):)
congrats omg #1 cop daughter!
and to you as well
Brrr! Chilly morning in the Mile High City <Denver> Time to bundle up, take the dog out & get the busy day started!
Cleaning, cleaning, cleaning ugh!!!
My homemade chili lunch > your sauerkraut.
ThanKs for picking up that question
You can be fat & fabulous beauty is with in & out...love yourself* dont mistreat yourself :)
thanks for the shout out! , we do hope you can come by!
There need to be more men in the world named Bunny.
#Thanks Happy Sunday 2U2
Its almost game time. #skybluefc and #magicjack. Let's go sky
It's too hot in the car, but it's too cold outside to roll down the window.
Surprise guest (or 2!) at tonight's fiction fest! See who at 8pm, Orpheum.
Do you realize that if we played by the rules right now we'd be in gym?
FF some talented people to follow in
I must've spent an hour on the phone with him a few weeks back. We had never met prior. He is great.
bangin out another session at with a mixing class scheduled in the #writingroom with
Thank u
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Forgiveness releases your heart and mind from the stranglehold of anger, hurt, and other toxic emotions."
I think so, but the big cities are tough. Something tells me Chicago would turn out for this one.
pssst! "Divided USA" ;)
you know, lasse gjertsen is norwegian, just like me :D i love you
The 19th Annual 9 Mile Music Festival Artist Lineup - Now Feat. WALE!!!!
thanks for the follow, great picture,
hahahah do you remember me from before
Salutations and whatnot! Said the Cheshire cat: "We're all mad here."
That was a fun interview you did on
I wanna go for a walk
Had a good run and such a beautiful day hoping it will last!
Lol not that i ever read Man-thing, but i do remember Fangoria cover this movie when it was hitting DVD. Any good?
Snow, snow go away, pls don't come back ever unless u close the gov!
Good day.
Above the clouds on a plane headed for Sin City. Equal parts work and pleasure for 7 days.
Hi. I want you to play on warped tour. (:
send the G-6 you've been promising me and you've got yourself a deal!
If someone uses "life's too short" as a means to get you to do something stupid with them, know that that's probably true for them.
great show last night, fellers.
Juana: I'm here to support those fighting against #287g, what happened to me is a result of this program.
Expunging out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing every1. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
I can't stand when people wear snapbacks and adjust them to the tightest fit, and that long plastic thing just sticks out (that sounded..)
unfortunately, some kids talk that way now. Go in a high school and you will hear white people call each other that.
My motto: When in doubt, write it out.
Reichman: copyright and database protection laws much greater upstream threat to progress of science than gene patents,etc
Rise and Grind PPl!!! Have a productive day PPl, A MIND IS A TERRIBLE THING TO WASTE!! #TEAM GIFTED MINDS!
We want to celebrate alumni in #PhxFocus. Email your most-recent accomplishments to .
Somebody is getting nervous Lol.
Watching a movie on a Saturday afternoon on my #iMac. What to do for tonight? What to do?
my sunday night consisted of The Simpsons, vodka, and Mad Men... i'd say a good night!
You know - what you visualize and speak will become reality. #imlivingproof . Great news today!!!!!!!!
if happy ever afters did existt.
“: DJ DUB Locks late night At Ohmstead Music Festival Aug. 27th Silent Disco with Juan Cosby and of "
Been a crazy couple of days lol
You go girl!
#LMFAO is going to be great!
oh, and my daughter's solo is to "Concrete Angel" by Martina McBride, so country is not out of the question.
Got that season ticket in the for this season!!! So stoked.
About GreenTechUpgrade greentechupgrade.com GreenTechUpgrade (GTU) is a sales and marketing consulting agency
does anyone know details on how OGL (Open Government License) overlaps with Creative Commons license (CC0-by)? if so, please contact me! thx
615-496-3044<<---FANS in j'ville,this # belongs to 'Tony'(Blues cafe j'ville beach)He keeps dismissing my attempts to perform at the cafe!
*wow* awesome site! thanks so much! i will def. use and also link to our faculty wiki
#20thingsaboutme I would die if I didnt have eminem to listen to
where do women like yu reside? i cant find any where im from
Hey you want a 'Battle'? Challege the crazy KPOP fangirls. I DARE YOU. #Cassiopeia + #ELF + #VIPS + #SHAWOLS UNITE
that's so awesome. congrats.
AUDITION: Stanley Steamer
QT : as long as I can keep going with ...I'll be g-string bikini ready by June. (cc: )(lol.!!
Dear North Carolina, you can still marry your cousin though right?
Take a bow XOMBI No2! You're the reason I now know what a WIMPLE is. AND you feature a dope cover.
Hope you like prison food...and penis!
Pure luck my friend! RT My cab driver keeps farting. Get me out of this moving Dutch oven. #startingthenightoffright ()
I'm somewhat amazed that Ryan Braun is hitting .313 with 10 HR & he has little to no protection.
I have my calendar on too many devices. Reminder notices make my place sound like Doc Brown's array of clocks.
Haha, yes! Hard to take a bad photo of food.
Congrats! We had a blast.
1D made history and there trending worldwide with two diff. Hash tag :D go 1D!!!!
It's official: Joel Przybilla is a Trail Blazer again. Blazers waive Armon Johnson to make room.
likes to blame the elitist media for focusing on the clear attack on women's health, but it's his party that began the assault
Now in second period of game six?
Especially with all of this music now days! Clearly artists are just out to make money, no thought to it.
RT : Now we bout to check out #REDTails! The movie theatre is like a #Morehouse vs Tuskegee classic up in here!
RT : RT : RT : Happy Anniversary & Anita Perry! Here's to many more.
We're so good at baseball...lol just kidding we're the baltimore orioles.
"Today's businesses need to recognize that customer loyalty goes a long way." (D. Dowdell, President of NJ Restaurant Association)
Come & party with me, MOJO BOYZ & DJ SKKI! With a host of other Folk's! MARQUISE TREVON WILSON'S BIRTHDAY BASH. Request me on Facebook!
Morning World :*
Local Jobs (Hiring Now) Positions open in your area. Hiring immediately - Apply Here.
chillin hoopin and working out. how yall season went?
Damn, these are some bomb ass noodles. Dey hot too! #FAT!
Busy, busy, busy!
Tomorrow Chef Hiran Patel of Klay Oven Kitchen will be holding a morning cooking class. Come by and learn about Indian cuisine!
Don't think he's untouchable by any means, but it would take a lot to get him.
Find people to connect with in any way
Thanks to I'm hooked on A$AP Rocky!!! Goldie on repeat :D
ayo Mr. Porter follow me? please man
Arlencia, I Like That
LOL wanna go to the mall later?
I will reply as soon as the lady picks up her little girl. Until then I can not sit more than 5 minutes.
Gift was pretty cool for 1 tix
i WiSH YOU WOULD TAKE SOMEBODY ELSE..FiRST OF ALL HOW THE HELL YOU GONE GET THERE?..YOU PETTY AS HELL FOR THAT ONE...
My day: Sioux Falls to Fargo, 30 min meeting, back to Sioux Falls. Ran out of gas in the middle nowhere. Phone died. Yeah.
I'm so addicted. RT pinterest drives me insane
You have the swag of rick morranis
go away.lol
In need of a good project management system
Anything's possible if you've got enough nerve.
the snow is so pretty XD
The awesome thrash spanish is called molotov if anyone's interested.
I couldn't tell you how many times a day I listen to Under Soil And Dirt.
ahh now that's gaarrrbage I tell you ! Lol we gon remain like this "II"!
What are your thoughts about Newt Gingrich comments about poor children in the recent news? Let us know, call in to 713.652.5080
Welcome to our newest volunteers! I anticipate volunteering w/ you
hope all goes well with your wife. Hopefully the #Brewers will have a new Axford as closer in about 20 years
Bring your love baby I can bring the shame. Bring the drugs baby I can bring my pain.
Why can't Jackie be an idol? Why do we have to be stuck with the Liu who is a derpface troll?
webinars attendees are typically women
I'm having a really hard time getting over you. The worst part is that I never even dated you.
Thank you! Nice profile picture ; )
I'm sorry u couldn't
Now I'm waiting for the backlash/uproar for being the guy who caused to shut down twitter!
Welcome new followers!
- Gotta love the time changes! :P
Hear us poke fun at Baltimore's hyperlocal news racket, in #MidAtatlantic region's #funniest #podcast, the Inverse Delirium!
Havent been on here in forever
Happy Friday Everyone! We have Souvenir Duvel Glasses, great for Holiday Gifts!
oh damn, you caught my sub tweet... #awkward, wait no it's not! no Hoff reference necessary
the Miami one, those kids aren't even their real competition team. That girl Sammy doesn't even go there anymore. That
how can I find an old school Loveland Map? Need a wedding gift for a special couple who got engaged @ the top of lift 8.
i did
Onto M and A panel
Just finished working out. It's about 90° outside and even hotter in here. Think I'll go do more yard work now and sweat off more pounds!
Plz follow me pit I love u DALE!!!!!!:)
Commence 8 hour day of testing...
That last RT <U+E427>
This Dunkin Donuts is showing Dragon Ball Z.
yes really aunt Toni they want it all lol
First. Having a revenue model does not automatically imply enterprise. It is people trying to innovate without selling out users.
Tweet me and I'll tell you what I think about you? (:
4/13 on PBS: premieres Season 6. Beautiful and important short films on contemporary artists to watch, learn, and support.
of course. It's probably the same as iPad #3 but with 1 or 2 changes
Eighth Suggestion, Always kiss to your loved ones and say, "I love you" before you leave for the day.
thank u mama
Pay attention to your cabbie and the road, not to serfdom! RT : Right to be a serf.
and then they turn into Brett Favre. and everyone--even former fans start to hate them
The works of Epicurus and Lucretius are saved in this "Name of the Rose"-like story about a 15th century scholar. The Swerve,
and you still haven't started?
SURF REPORT: 4/11/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft knee to waist high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 60°F
Learn to create opportunity for yourself. Don't wait on others. It's you that you must face in the mirror at the end of the day.
Congrats! How exciting :)
Happy Fat Tuesday! It looked like there was quite the crowd at The Parish!
Thanks Deb! Feeling must better as the day went on
Happy Easter
CDMA will not last!
Oh fuck, you weren't playing!
IIIMMMMM WEE (got more PLENTY more) CANT NOBODY SEE MEE IN C.O.D when a niigga feelin good ~ AYEE BOI ! ~
Evacuate Manhattan? Everyone needs to CALM THE FUCK DOWN!!
Tomorrow we will witness losing streak end against Sporting KC from ! It should be fun and UFC-fan crowded!
Somtimes I really hate that I'm extremely hormone driven!¡!
{ YOU KILLED IT } FUCK A HATER CHRIS BROWN ALL DAY
Same.. there's almost an embarrassment of riches thing going on.. I'm not really sure what to try with the data..
he came last year
Now your just somebody that I used to know
Born in OHIO, But im a PA Boy till the Death of me
Jacked for the first baseball game of the season tomorrow night!!!
Thanks a bunch, Bonnie!// : Happy Birthday Idee! Enjoy your day. :-)
Good day. Came home & went outside to tan & reading my new Justin bieber magazine <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
So heated.
one for one.
Beautiful, wonderful organized happy chaos!
So what does Josh Hamilton have to do with gay marriage?
aren't our summers always crazy?!!!
Late night new follower shout outs!
Celebrating college success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Sweet Briar, Georgia Tech...
Working on anything fun?
Are you making the most out of what’s left of your summer?
I hope I don't meet a good divorce attorney at this kids birthday party that my hubby refuses to go with me to... Cause I can't afford one
already do, how about you follow me - killahmjay :D
where are you?
. And I'd add 's WRITE LIKE THIS.
are you following ? Amazing string quartet!
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single, nothing..
Eating chicken wings for lunch = hiding in my cube.
lol dont let it fool you, I'm beautiful lol
do they have iPhone cases? I really really want one. Haha
u always looked sexy in that catsuit. th best thing about that suit is you delicious booty.
Not currently but if we ever need to outsource for a freelancer I will make sure to post something here on Twitter
thats what I thought (: is it? Because if it's not 12:12 then obviously thats why my wish hasn't came true!
The more public i am, the harder i have to strive to remain brave.
Half day today :)
I need a gig this weekend!!!!!
What is football? Why am I watching sports??
I thought the original was 50? I went slightly under that.
Free is my favorite kind of makeup :)
when are you returning to the homeland?
The rest of the interview is very good too, just not in the same painful/funny way.
Best for last!
U should check out SAALT! South Asian Americans Leading Together. 15 of us just finished up a Youth Leadership Conf with thm!
#Mariners haven't scored a run in 23 innings. . . Rough, losing exciting about home opener
Cincinnati what about "Chicago"
Good call on the overturn.
"Why you over there looking at me while my girl standing here?"
I'm crossing fingers for good news today.
": #Gemini's are very popular and well liked by everyone and everything."
Goodbye soon Verizon wireless. Getting rid of my unlimited data and I'm going back to AT&T.
Deliciously true. Happy weekend :)
Many companies use repeat advertisements repeating the product name many times in hope the audience recognises it and take it in.
"This last paragraph needs more sweet, delicious nectar."
This place is amazing! (Checked in at Breckenridge Nordic Ski Ctr)
Community Calendar
They chose the Easy Button.
Commin from the girl who complains when I don't :)~
lol ehhhh if you say so
A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never quite sure. ~ Lee Segall
driving on 40...we left at 1030 - what do u want to do?
Sonic for lunch. I've missed this place.
I didn't DIE! Jesus Christ! I'm still here girl! And now I have ALL the time in the world, so get ready for my daily emails
lokos don't have caffeine in them anymore silly??
Fuck joining a gym. I got one right here at the apartment. It look like a miniature LA Fitness in there
that's wassup....when/where is the contest
I would like to personally thank the Lord Jesus Christ for ending this Tim Tebow BS.
Oh boy! Go follow to hear the HUGE news!
You would...
#educomm #digitalbrand translating your brand into a powerful online presence
Y'all are def gunna hit it then. Haha
Liahona - Ancient GPS. Iron Rod - Navigation Device Book of Mormon - SmartPhone.
Logged in to candidate for #LPC VP (English) James Morton's virtual townhall call last night. A thoughtful discussion.
your in the palm of my wave.
Finally Back.... Missed one whole day from Twitter... I feel like I have missed everything
You bring up a really good point as I think more affordable housing options should be out there 4 all.
Save the date: Our May General Body Meeting will take place on 5/24 at 6:45pm at NPR.
on premise of : that it should be fun, encourage collaboration and collegiality
How sweet that she'll likely be trick-or-treating in the same neighborhood her mom did!!!
Between the Lakers and Heat fans they always have so many excuses ..
this is truly heartbreaking
Fabulous BBQ dinner at the Zeckovich mansion! Even my dad ate his steak w' no additives (Cavendars, etc). I impress myself even!
a CAPS Bench model can do that for the birds on #RhinoTech #facebook site.
ex. "San Francisco...the Lemon Sharing Captial of the world" meh. We need a really awesome title for the winning city.
does it have lecture/discussion capture for asynchronous folk?
True! :) RT : Three little words that can really change the world: I need you. :)
Faith is dead if it is not acted upon. Open up your hearts for Christ!
how do you get a Bill Cosby mold? ;)
“: To All the people who went to today that don't go all the time.. make it habit!”
I'm looking for ppl willing to talk on flipcam @ why its impor for sch lib to join or go to ala
yea, i watched rock of love too. even the specials...lol
i regret going to that party lastnight .
The SuperDome is too big a venue for basketball in my opinion.
Really, its just that the show takes a pretty long time to produce. I just want to start focusing in other things.
Fav new song Glad You Came ! <3
evrybody needs to follow because shes sexy and she knows it. jk shes watching me type this. and i have to be nice. jk :P
; i put Willie :) how many guests ? & you can come at anytime
You better <333333 (:
Making final preparations for our big event on May 4th,5th,6th!! Get ready for the Oregon Trail Rally!
thanks for the input!
How things look on the outside of us depends on how things are on the inside of us. -Parks Cousins
O I'm Such A Jelly Fish Right Now! You Luckkyyy Gurlll But At Least You Got A Picture With Them!!!
“: I've listened to Tesla for like 3 hours straight” That must mean you are all Tesla coiled up.
what you up to
Great chat once again! See you all next week!! :)
Good luck with that
I love you because we hate the same stuff
Can u fill me in? If this is next week, I'll be at the Amer Ethnohist Soc annual meeting in Pasadena.
The silence isn't so bad, til I look at my hands and feel sad, cause the spaces between my fingers are right where yours fit perfectly
Los Angeles would benefit from another riot just because we could redecorate and fix a few pot holes and get rid of some graffiti.
A5 If I see a job in my network that would be a fit for a friend, I often ask that friend if they'd like an intro
is today your birthday? It is also my son's birthday!
Wake up n do this take home part of my final
it was all up and down the east coast... New York, New Jersey, Maryland, Virginia... It was crazy.
likes baseball, movies, good clothes, fast cars, and you. What else you need to know?
I love when I 3bet pre and get called by Q5. It's pretty awesome.
totally agree. Which one are you going to try first?
Excellent #lgbtleaders conf and Campaign Board mtgs. Tks to the staff. Energized and returning home to elect LGBT candidates.
Partially functional/ half of me is comfortable/ the other half is close to the Cliff, like Mrs. Huxtable
No Remorse, No Regret. . .
What is "Hunger Games"? Is it like the Olympics for Supermodels?
Why u trying to play fire with fire ?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY =D
The walking dead Zombies
yawn? are you serious? that album is hot RT : 2 songs in to nicki minaj's album
Finally the world acknowledges database builders as rock stars....next thing you will tell me is the EU crumbling
Yo Congrats on the fight sunn!! You down to hear some new Hip hop knowledge and Wisdom based??
I would like to thank the states of OH, KY & TN for treating us like real lady strippers today. You made it rain on us the entire drive.
Omg I feel horrible. Maybe if i keep bitchin they'll let me leave w
awww brand thanks for making me smile :D
Ready to get this #boxing show on the road! Let's rock! #dc #dmv - ms
i Dont need a phone .
I don't fuck with that cereal dust at the bottom of the bag.
nancy, thanks so much!
yes please homie..user name?
Davidson: questioning the myth of monotasking, questioning the newness of distraction (yesteryear's cell phone was once the book)!
Good morning everyone. I'm enjoying the solitude of being the only one awake in my household...not counting the cats.
Going to lunch !!!!!, I'm not hungry I'm just going to sit at the table alone :(
Damn might leave #NYK he better not hes cold and he's my favorite player on my favorite team the duo JR and Melo!
Ashfield, of course. I love that particular waterfall!
Touché. If you are secretly the man who made the Pirates of the Caribbean theme... You'd be at least 78 times cooler.
It wasn't as extreme when I was a kid, but the 'derp forgot her lunchmoney' lunch was so gross, it was a great motivator.
i haven't watched yet!!!
10 but i need to be out by 9 /-: you kno where is?
thank you. we need more
Have a peaceful, relaxing evening. *making a kissy face*
Thanks sweetheart <3 your the best!
Delaware and Lindenwood underway...
hahahaha, I know! SUCH a good laugh :)))
So many #anhkc events this weekend to choose from and so little time.
your grass roots culture is pretty #BA dudes
that's so tru 4 me too
Don't miss this special presentation of "Dear Child" on Thursday, Dec. 16, 2011!!!
Terribly disappointed that shot clock was not approved for high school basketball today.
If everyone played same amount of games, home and away, and comparable SOS, there would be no debate at the end.
A little afternoon barrel tasting of our '09 California Pinot Noir. Almost ready to be bottled- and drinking wonderfully!
I love Facebook Timeline - I'd love it more if it came with a Beast of my own!
sure she can. she's gotten mixed up with the wrong sorts of kids since she's been following the dead on tour.
That is great news! MT : We're back! We are tabling in the CSU Monday from 11-1. Stop by for #ProChoice goodies!
GMAT studying to the sounds of Tony Bennett, my favorite Italian-American. Happy Columbus Day!
Now, I'm on board. And if we have leftover lumber, maybe we can finally build that Tweet Deck we've all talked about so much?
SNAP, TEFAP, CSFP, HFFI, WIC Alphabet Soup! (How many of these acronyms do you know?)
Bob's Burgers on #Fox never interested me... until they named a food truck "Genghis Flan".
Happy Birthday Robert Pattison!!
Really loving cover of 'We Are Young'
how dare you!! Trifling while I'm in class.... Rude.
nothing quite like a random drunk lady shouting in your ear. At least it was in time to the music.
It's hard to offend someone who walks in forgiveness.
Through 18, NY Choi sits on top the leader board at -6. With one hole left G. Park is at -4. 2010 champ Ai Miyazato is T12 at -1
"Can I hear Beyonce "Bring the Beat In" please, Mr. DJ?" Thar just happened.
I talked all dat sh*t about dat man &he looked out for me! SMH
I hate when a female question me like man off my sack.
Great visit this morning! Loving having them in the neighborhood! Roxanne is great and taking Tonk in a couple weeks.
#TrueUberFact RT : Listening to music helps keeps minds active and memories alive.
Dapper Dipper on Blue Cheese Bread from easily the best sandwich I've ever had.
Woke up with massive headache
I been hating on him since day 1.
Congrats to for the full page in today's !
can't live without AdBlock Plus and Delicious add-ons.
put cheese on everything ice cream if u have to...well....maybe not ice cream
Aye bitch try this
Storm spotters are confirming tornadoes on the ground once again near Dallas, TX.
Hadn't read tons of NSR, but I had a positive enough impression from other pieces to be sad to find out she did this.
cool, let me know where it is..ill actually be there ;-)
It's better to feel like shit/hungover on company time than your own time..happy hump day
I know! This is fun! I wish I could figure out tweet deck now!
REJOICE~Canadian Scholarship Presentations this Sunday!
hey my beautiful wife I love you so much @>------
What if you work graveyards and didn't wake up until now!? Don't worry--Our lunch special goes till 4pm!! $5 Pastrami Sndwch =)
i slept already so im fucked :C
Seriously.. Waking up to my neighbors screaming for the third day in a row <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
can i be your beach wife? ;) haha
Celebrating #ColumbusDay by going to work...like I do every Monday...yeah!!!!
Don't think I'm going bowling...
registration is going well. People even signed up over weekend for Accessibility Camp DC bit.ly/fWOb8
who all do you know of that has it cuz I have it and I can't find anyone:/
Some people have too much time on their hands, my friend.
good stuff, eh? i think i borrowed that one from a 6-year-old haha
this is a powerful episode and truly enjoying it. So many golden nuggets. Thank u
Too bad Wilson is too smart for that.
Why am I still holding on to u......ugh....
Ugh: on-line chat support is now unavailable for my provider-after waiting 10 minutes. But 3 sites hosted for $12/mo - should I be happy?
are you repped for speaking? We have someone interested in hosting you for an event. Pls DM us if you are interested.
The weather outside may be frightful, but a brisk walk in the cool air really gets the blood flowing in your body.
Snow Fender-Bender
asdfghjkl; jill from dance moms follows me now.. yay(:
S/O TO ALABAMA THE LOVE FOR NO4 IS TRUE."TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.VIDEOS ON YOUTUBE
Saverin leaving the country to avoid taxes, Mitt must be his idol, with his millions of dollars offshore to avoid taxes.
You are the best! Thanks for the RT :)
#thatawkwardmoment when you don't feel safe leaving your car anywhere but home because you know people are out to get you.. lmfao
Do people still use the term "Guinea"? That was a derogatory term for Italians when I was a kid.
Work/Life balance is a horrible term. Stop using it. It implies an invisible fulcrum which shifts dynamically. If one side is great...QED
Y is it everyone else who interviews talks about the pins and the greens etc... And PHIL just talks about himself.. Cont
its like chocolate peanut butter without the peanut taste its amazing.
that was jose.
Thanks to all who came to our show last night at Largo! You were a beautiful crowd :)
was I one of the first 5?!
Finally going to learn how to lift heavy things tomorrow thanks to !
I'll be writing about great social media campaigns for #wbnamerica. What publishers & authors are rocking it today (& tonight)?
Scratch that. I love she feeds me(:
ok ok, I accept the compliment. And you don't look like every other Asian, sheesh
Bloody Marys and nachos = sunday!!!!! Happy Hour all day!!!!!
That cookies and cream were so good :P
Y'all talking about good morning? LOLOL I HAVEN'T SLEPT YET!
Getting paid to play with my phone.
Made it to 575 "likes" on FB. Now we just need that many followers on Twitter. Actually how about that many folks at a show? Better.
For someone who is terrified of frogs, this episode of #duckdynasty is torture. Aside from the normal amt.
Agreed. Just like NFLs problem with Goodell solely making calls, Shanahan shouldn't be end-all, be-all. Discipline by committee.
Sitting in Miami traffic with my dad.
ohmahgahh i feel like i've been living under a rock broo
Do the D.A.N.C.E. 1234 fight
follow me so i can dm u back! And figure this out!
Who shall get an ass kicking ? Pittsburgh, Boston or Tampon Bay?
Only a few more days to stop in at your #local ParadigmGardens and get 15% off #ProMix #Soil and 10% off on
You can check out our granite displays as well---
As much as I don't like Nicki minaj, I can't resort to calling her a whore just because I dislike her music & content
Congrats, but if you plan to work after college, chances are that will include 9am on Fridays.
re-visiting the Lemon-Red Mix Series this morning, almost 7(!) years later remains an awesome run of blog mixes
hey, I just arrived at #dcdh. where are you guys?
In my bed. its god (:
When you take that first step you don't know what ur getting into.then the success starts pouring in.Then you know you did what you had to.
I think more could be done there. threaded convos in gmail helps, but I think there could be much improvement
Yep. Unanimous decision.
I was the happiest when there was a Me and You.
I knew I shouldn't have fallen asleep at 7:30pm. Jeez,
yea its feast or famine you know lol right now I'm gobbling up all I can get. What are you working on now?
jamming to boyz to men
It's good to have you back...I miss everything :)
you're welcome! consider it a virtual cupcake!
Long digression (way too long) by Gary Price on problems with Google - company that's lost it's focus and is now too diffuse
but I replied.
I guess i just had to hear it from him to fully accept it...I'm so glad, I've hav'nt been this happy in a while...---
When someone tells you that you cant do something you just turn around and say "watch me"
Basically, Metro is realizing that the system isn't new anymore, and maintenance has to be continual.
Wow, glad to be on the outside looking in for once.
To me he a lover to him he a killa !! -Wezzyfbaby !
Oh man, I would LOVE to be a part of this!
You are more than welcome!
RT : I'm not even invested in #idol anymore. But I'll say this: Joshua Ledet MUST. WIN. That boy can sing his natural ass off.
be more specific of what your going to do
Never have I ever fell asleep after drinking too much mommy juice.
In this place that we live In the blink of an eye babe, the darkness slips in Love lights the world Unites the lovers for eternity
what?? uhm no.... of course not Wtf
The worst aspect of the walled garden is it seeks to replace many small pieces loosely joined with tightly coupled systems.
love that place, what are you doing in my stomping grounds :)
that's all the things you do to me JACKASS ask she know.
It appears a trip to Midway Atoll is in my future.
Ugh. Just deleted three tweets because they make me seem confused and bitter. Beware the Ides of March!
Honoring Life, Honoring Death
If you already have a FREE PHONE, don't be greedy and apply for a second phone, when you aint doing nothing with the first one. *JOB SEARCH
Good point; institutional change in HE sector is risk factor? MT : Fedora isn't the preservation system, our institutions are.
Good Morning Everybody! :) Hope Everyone Has A Good Day >>>>
thanks for the mention!
awesome InfoGraphic. I just pinned it!! :)
Zayn wishes he had prescription glasses because he likes the big nerdy glasses.
Florence and the Machine is a go! Look for some great music coverage next week. (, and more)
She said dont preach to me, nigga hold up..
Presents: Only The Hits Online Radio Show Tonight @ 7PM Sharp. Spread The Word And Tell Your Friends And Make Sure You Tune In!
I am the real Mr. Steal Yo Girl my nigga....
Health is worth more than learning. (Thomas Jefferson)
Thank god I grew up in a family that can cook and more importantly that taught me how to cook!
Future of Academic libraries in Magnolia.
Just finished talking to Tonya Antonucci of the Women's Professional Soccer league!
thank you friend - great job for Easter Awesome!
i got two weeks to get better at volleyball. tryouts are gonna be hard.
pumping some while packing up the NYC apartment. then long island for pesach! HAPPY PASSOVER!
Black Nite Ize Wide Universal Clip Case Holster Plus for ...
go ahead. How are you doing?
Can Karma be cleansed? Is it possible to have a new fresh start? Releasing all my negatives and even my wrongs? Would love some feedback.
Oldie but goodie. I'm surprised that they haven't turned off the water seeing how cold it is!
OH at the pond show: "yo, where's tame impala??"
Telling "Gene in a car" to crash into a bridge embankment and not walk away was TERRIBLE! Come on .
is a baby and has 200,000+ followers. Um, okay.
After an infusion of food and caffeine, we're back to discussing #RDA and #cataloging matters. Afternoon: all about authorities.
Why can't I just be a stripper? Fuck school get money!
Double w00t! RT : w00t! MT : Twitter is opening an office in #Detroit & Facebook is buying Instagram. Big day!
Great Job!! You see me
someone text me. :D
Just spent the morning cleaning the house. Happy mothers day to me
There's no such thing as "low budget" in the porn world. It's called "amateur"
thank you I will be there soon.
"interaction is the goal" for twitter -
Excited to play this friday. So amped!! Gonna drop some sicck tunes :)
you have lots great and interesting information.
It aint never no one I know in Chipotle that I can cut. FML.
So pumped up to get this trash talking week going I woke up at 6am to do Mason in the Morning on
We're going to be swimming in babies and money
Thanks! You are too. XD
kicked as soon as we got here
Spending a nice birthday with family and friends
I wonder how gaming is like educational reform? Gamers spend hours working through the stages and levels of progression...
Opportunity starts on Monday! Go get it!! Have a great week!
nigga I dropped outta school cuz they had recess and I don't play games
I have to go and and get my passport today. But I don't want to get up.
Somebody get me on a lane home... Wyf is this shit
I Hope Kurt And Blaine!<U+2665>
Why do things have to be so confusing?
Bomb! Unicorn is open for lunch @! 12noon starting tomorrow! Get there!
oh balls.
It's James Brown come back as Dancing in the Streets! Love it and the wig!
Just checked out #offLabel at #TFF fantastic doc from the directors of
Good, isn't good enough
:/ What can I do to help you for that?
Thanks! Its one of our favorites!
I've been expecting a knock at the door for months. I'm 1. Christian 2. TCOT 3. Constitutional Construc. 4. Verbal
Some guy said I wear as much makeup as a clown so I'm under his bed with a knife. That's what clowns do, right?
Asik with the block!
will be in #Shirlington today at Campbell Ave & Quincy!
If I could take a time machine to any day in history, I'd go straight to this year's Suck it, Renaissance Era.
nope. I'm sure Mik is tho
AH my favorite
Thank you for your business. Please let us know how we can improve our service.
NEW MERCH FOR SALE! GET INTO IT!
Thanks!!! I looked for you on Skype yesterday at Carla's house but you weren't on...We painted a mural in the baby's room!
Whatever kathy ;)
Can't wait for "Lisa Goes Gaga"
Buying new tires is a crappy job!
everyone please follow my talented buddy > she is very sweet, nice, and cool
#Actors, come from your soul and you will awaken another's.
You are a retard! live with that.
I miss you bud :/
man she aint gonna do nothin but fuck you over too
Kate Freer is a fucking genius. Come see our installation on Saturday!
<U+2665><U+2665>Welp... Once again waiting for the second service to start... Im rly bored and wish someone would talk to me.....<U+2665><U+2665>
Thanks for the mention! We love the article.
I see Nashville Fashion Week is next week! Who's going?
Is straight w/o friends! Family & sex w/ my man is what and who I need!
What are some Indie Slang words that musicians use? Can you define them? (Looking to define some new words this weekend!)
It takes#power to keep the weight off my shoulder.
Nothing like college kid drunken induced random vandalism on the East Side of Milwaukee. Fucking assholes.
No cat, you cannot has my tater tots! -pouts and protectively hovers over food-
Cool! I'm going to try it out on a site that I'm working on. I like the flexibility that it offers compared to AT Commerce.
Great, now zombie Jason is after you
Dude, you're just messing with us now, no?!? MR. THE ALTUVE! If you want Weeks in, put him in your misc/DH slot...
It's the goddam Twins for crissake. just
Saturday craze tonight with &
I shall stop you immediately!
I'm really surprised there are currently no anglophones at the Académie Française...
headed to mad dogs/ bad dogs in Lincoln square. Come hang.
well aren't we just so lucky lol
Just booked my flight to Minneapolis for mom's BDay. Minneapolis May 11-14 and South Dakota May 15-16. I hope it doesn't snow...
the carson daly show is so boring, but i can't stop watching it...
so, if the terrorists get acquitted, do they get set free? And if there's NON CHANCE of that, then its a show trial and silly. And naive.
Indian drug giant Cipla slashes cancer drug prices
The Nomu Lounge in Bellevue is closed tonight for a private party. Sorry for the inconvienence!
np thank you too(:
I got a Verizon iPhone 4 for sale... Im asking $1.2 million, but for u.... A millski even will suffice LoL
I am going to start #brewingkombucha at home. Any tips, warnings or fave recipes?
5 am is never a good time.
We had classes this AM and couldn't attend your #DCCashMob. Congrats on its success.
why's that
he probably wanted that
It's free week in Austin y'all! Get out there and support live, local music...XONZ
Class of 2012: More jobs, bigger paychecks
I don't even know you like I use too which is fucked up but I guess it's life......
hell yea man. Shit u only live once
Pierce a pin through an egg before boiling it; this helps in taking off the egg skin later.
omg hi mya i love u
so when u leavin?
Hey what's up:)
seriously, UNC? a snow day for this, but you didn't cancel classes in january when it was 8 below with 30 mph winds...
Why does this hurt so much??
U know what I mean though. If LaRussa was managing the Reds they'd be a WS contender.
Our first HYDRO (YES!) #BhutJolokia! We've been trying to make these 5 #GhostPepper plants flower indoors for almost 6 months!
Bout to hit the pillow
No problem! We look forward to seeing you next time :)
Are you reading PERDIDO STREET STATION now? It's on my bedside table as next book to read!
I like the challenge #oomf lowkey tryna put me up against :)
Feeling Blessed, Motivated and Inspired!
Lucroy with a Triple. #Brewers have a Gem at Catcher.
I love the smell of Shakespeare and the lack of smell of Webster in the morning.Let it be a good day.
I hope you have good kim chee to wash it down with
Mad they espn wasted the #6 spot on the top ten plays of wednesday
but I do have this one.
is the glee cast performing at the superbowl!?
Thanks so much!
Nahh, I just left. Be safe tho bruh...and turn up this summer!
Considering this growing popularity, there are some online photo printing services that allow you to take full control to print them canvas
My granddad bout to drop his first mix tape its called **Stay Young Or Die Trying**
My mom just mailed me 13 baby pictures of myself. Why...
c: IRISH PEOPLE ftw.
Cool Ill send um in a sec :)
Are you ready for the holiday shopping? I will have some great reference points on how to watch out for
Hello fellow alumna!
Do you design for them all the time or is this a one time deal?
Riding the 1st mile of railroad in the US. What would the builders of this thought of 6hr flights to California and the TSA putdowns?
will do, thank you
Nothing like making your code work and watching the board we designed operate properly. :)
Trey Burke should be way more selfish. He's special. No one else on Michigan is.
Northbound lincoln has re-opened.
lol! Ur right. And I know that all too well. Fact: 02/14 is Judgment Day for fitness new years resolutions.
alright will do :)
I have 800 followers... How many will follow ? He's hilarious!
21 Jump Street!! Give me all the you have.
She's impervious...... Or I have no game.... I'd say a little of both.
Volunteer-Driven Criminal Justice Alternative to Arrest, Probation, or Incarceration is CAP -- Community Acceptance Program
I'd rather flat out beat their ass, than win on a technicality.
a new icon?
My mom is following me on twitter...
So, I assume if the ever completes the trilogy with Naqoyqatsi, you'll be in those higher-up seats?
I wish I was a stronger woman and wasn't so emotional about things.
are u going to the guam beauty event?
Good luck to all those competing in today!
hate makes you so disgusting to look at... Yuck yuck yuck
yep it just arrived right before I left but if ur going to the parade there will be a trailer on the route & 2 tents @ AAC
outining my paper on outlining. how many pages should the outline for an 8-10 page paper be? do i remember how to only write 8 pages?
Id be a Mami fan if she was on the field instead
Thanks for the invite ):
I simply think Mr. Lawson's analysis doesn't acurately frame the challenges we face...and his solutions are not helpful
Great job! RT : Visit a Park Week--Fun Fact: With 100+ volunteers we built a new playground at Wirth Court Park in just 1 day!
On my way to Los Angeles to give a Genetic #Genealogy presentation on Monday night!
double good job to you for confusing me after I confused someone else.
and I can't stop listening to you... :D
Shut up -_-
now I think I need a 3rd twitter account: 1 for business, 1 for fun, 1 for making myself look better than I really am.
that is awesome. I have ideas in case you were wondering, but you probably already knew I have ideas;)
Hello Memphis!
Just looked down and see my Ipod is about dead...could be a long afternoon
Applebee’s = Fancy Denny’s
Thanks for the great article! We really need to move the discussion on boards forward. It's a critical problem in the industry.
Not happy about being up at 6:45 am on 1) a Saturday and 2) st patricks day to move. Sigh.
lol Oh see you have to be specific.
Shopped all day for curtains and didn't find nothing. Anybody know where I can find some more options?
i love it when you give me head...but i hate it when you give me headaches
Read 2day's newsletter w EarTyme piece bout blugrass doc & Steep Canyon Ranger interview from
This white girl said she wanna be exotic and told me to blind fold and tie her up and do what black folks do best. I said ok then robbed her
settle down everyone: If you are a child of God, You will always be God's. The fact is : Watch your steps, Satan's Children are watching us,
I love these. Now I have new music to listen to at work!
okay cool .. im just trying to see how much i'll have to pay monthly
#Happybirthdaytravisclark Have you heard of ? They have an awesome ginger like you & have done covers of WTK.
it reminds me of Clarissa Explains It All
#4famouswords To Each Your Own
Awesome! RT : Jerry Sanders, SD Mayor shares his own wellness story of 100 lb weight loss" as member #betterhealth"
Except when the same thing makes you sad, angry or joyful for the 70th time...Then promise, reply and decide!
I dreamt last night that the end of the world did in fact occur with everything from the white house to the local library-all blown up O_o
i'm scared lol
u mean u don't want random men to worship u for being asain. Its not all that #creepy.. ok maybe it is
I guess someone didn't pay their light bill!
Its game day!!! Time for the REAL season to start!! #excited #LAKERSBABY!!!
definitely didn't expect the hooded samurai sword wielding person with zombie slaves.
#NowPlaying #chess w/ a 6 year old
they are usually cheap
“ lmfao girl i got clothes to bring if RT .” Lmao girll come on!
Sudden urge to start a mustache fire.
I'm miserable and feeling blue, cause all I really want is you...I'm feeling crazy...
#sixwordstory #librarians #dls15 Finding my way through unknown paths.
I'm sitting here burning cd's for my car.
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day ~ Alexander Woollcott
I bet they have an awesome ad agency.
We are hiring. Bartender, Front Desk, Grill, Lane Attendant, Mechanic. Interviews 2-16-12 from 10 AM-1 PM
Watching , Mr Bill is fired up tonight!
It is. Not a bad song to have stuck in your head. Could have been a lot worse!
I've never seen anyone run more poles than ha but great win today boys
Hey Madison, you're probably just waking up, so I wanted to say good morning and have a good day <3 Te quiero mucho :*
"LOL" has gone from the meaning "Laughing Out Loud" to "I have nothing else to say".
AYY! Happy Birthday to the person with the funniest tweets ever :}
So has anyone noticed that Hey Arnold looks like stewie's father???
Hope everyone enjoys the sun this weekend!
Who wants to drunk FaceTime??
When I get old ima be real cool!!
Time is running out - get out and VOTE!
Welp RT: Anthr Thing if your "publicist" gets you into parties but not media, print & online(not just blogs) get a REAL publicist!
It's just nuts. I have to take a twitter break, but I'd love to continue this discussion tomorrow! :)
AA are young but are big spenders. Most AA are 1st gen Xers
you're a little later there niggent...
missing the hour already
Had a difficult evening
where are you based out of?
I hate crying but I just cant stop
Hi haters, I'm back off of hiatus
the heroes of healing / scions of feeling / true of heart and steady of hand // and when their day is done, leave their song unsung ...
I would tweet you a question and my seats but oh yeah I don't have tickets hai
100000 Strong Initiative supporting International Education in China gets Will.I.Am to preform in Beijing!
My nephew turned 17 and got his drivers license. Look out New Jersey people! (Just kidding!) Congrats to my nephew!
Happy 2012 Vanessa!
i might just have a new favorite band
Only girl playing football
When Niggas Won't Give Me My Space-
way to go cards!
Even Antarctica has an area code. It's 672.
Thinking about how an unconf session on multilingual content creation/management/production could have near-term practical outcomes
Very glad! Thanks for trying us out.
hate you. Doctor's office
I think in metaphors
HA. Yes I am! Columbus, Cincy, Cleveland, Indy and maybe ChiTown. You?
Can't believe people are defending him. He had been drinking. Nuff said. And took someone else's life
was she pretty?
we do not like this! Did you get anything back??
Well, my theory on Hart was wrong today. Ishikawa (left handed bat) starts at 1st against lefty JA Happ. May have earned it last night.
I can't stand girls with busted ass faces thinking their hott....
You get an F on that test.
Big POLO ralp Lauren shit budget
This song is orgasmic right now ..
So it is
Matt hill just told me my outfit wasnt working
Hey there! Thanks for shout out. I tried to reply, but I need "follow" for direct message to go through. Sac Is great; two rivers!!
" It is the human lot to try and fail"
so tired of fighting
damn where's my tacos?
'regular show' is the best show on cartoon network
Perhaps remove the fancy font from the post header (on sidebar) and use something simple like Helvetica Neue?
whats the over/under on how many time jim irsay will "umm" or "uhh" in this press conference?
Why do we ask students to paraphrase before we ask them to embed that paraphrase into an argument?
I bet you look adorable with your braces
Hi. We no longer sell the old iPhone app, but we're set to release in a new one in the coming days (cc: ).
Enjoying the Spring weather in #Beirut #Lebanon Thank you global warming ?
": Cuddle with me."me.. jk
Ouch. What's wrong with my boat trips?
u r so pretty...god has blessed u wit a beautiful voice..plz follow me:)
"How you define #friendship probably more than anything defines who you are." - Avram Ohm
I'm not doing my hope right now lol ima do it probably later
Hey Christian! Please, I can be your girlfriend? :)
Have you started planning for the weekend yet? A Friday evening or Saturday morning massage is a perfect way to get started:...
Hey, can u have Jim Waring or some1 w/ local green industry growth data contact me today at The Daily Transcript. Need info
Trying to find a resort that comes close to the Atlantis in the Bahamas. I can't bring myself to try anywhere else after staying there twice
the baby just decided to get an energy spurt, maybe be mia!
awww -does that mean that he and Carrie are over?? yes married someone else! how could he! Im drinking wine 2day lol
With all this excitement going on, how could you NOT want #crew96 season tickets?
“: People stop fronting and saying stuff on twitter that you don't do or know anything about #smh”fucking stupid people.
Waffle House sounds good right about now. You are the best ma'am
workin all day
i second ur brain “: i second this suggestion “: You Made it Weird with Pete Holmes””
Happy holidays
but I'm sure she has a good personality..I mean she's pregnant so she's obviously very friendly..right? <U+E404>
So I've got to grab the great roll of duct tape real quick. Only it can save this terrible calamity.
Poor shot selection by Josh Smith with the game (series) on the line. Even this hockey fan can recognize that.
Sometimes as I grade tests I get the theme music to "the good, the bad, & the ugly" stuck in my head... doo doo doo doo doo wah wah wah...
Taking Intro to Research Methods in LIS this semester. It is so valuable and surprisingly interesting!
Who couldn't organize a party in a brewery? That's correct ~ it's
lol , I know that feeling -_-
Going through all my belongings, putting them in piles to donate. Be Gone Clutter!
I thought so too! Cena got DEMOLISHED!
hey dude it's 11:11
What can we do to help KY, AL, GA & TN?
RT : u already know #BBN wants u bro !! But no pressure lol. Check it out
A Smith is not the current starter, I like Bradford but he isn't better than VY or Fitz. Garrard is good depending on his matchup
follow back
It's St.Practice Day!!!! Get out to One Under!!!!!
Have any questions for Zoe? Tweet them with #AskZoe now!
RT : Leadership Tip: The greatest tragedy is losing yourself.
tie game u scurred?
Just read #Julia. Sounds about right - government should be a place that cares for the citizens! Go Julia!
At #Cloudforce? After keynote head to our booth at the Foundation Zone and become a tech volunteer!
great start for the
MICKY JACKSON ? FUCK ALL DRUGS DEALERS
Judges didn't love Phillip Phillips singing Disease? They didn't hear same song as me. He killed it. Randy rude though. Not cool.
house rocking in 30 “: Gonna be rocking the house 2nite and Kick ass brand and design”
2010: "I seriously dont wanna do it,I hate dancing and ive never done it before, I just feel like an idiot…" 2012: Fuck this I'm Zayn Malik
I still collect 1985
Still with my cousins in my grandfather's house. That's so cool! Today was a free DAY with all that boys like. #Dreams?
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS I LOVE YOU ALL retweet
Be brave enough to live life creatively. The creative place where no one else has ever been. - Alan Alda
Likely I'll be sound Sat during say and Mon. Exact time will depend on weather.
If you want something you need to show that you want it. Actions speak louder than words
Listening to Nas - Illmatic, about to put in 8 hours at Costco then make the Isagenix business happen after!
Feeling Irie for Eire (Irish for Ireland). Happy St Patrick's Day! Be and stay safe!
Downton Abbey, how have I lived so long without you in my life?
wow. thanks.
Like my nigga told me, if its love yall will build a door together..!!!
Check out It’s one the best Beauty Blogs ever!!
yes I agree! I have lunch at 11:50 to 12:30 or 1:15 to 2 pm, depending on day. We can meet in abandoned playground b/t our schools
An education and knowledge of the truth regarding the enemies of freedom and democracy is critical to sustaining it in the future.
go to bed!
"Remain calm! All is well!" -Chip Diller, Faber College
John Tucker Must Die is on! This is my favorite movie of all time.
I wan a 3sum for my 21st birthday lol
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
thanks for coming today!
Stack bundles album should have been out...
I htink of Ms. Mirren as more of a goddess......
I wouldn't change even if I could.
when life hands you lemons...Keep 'em! I mean hey, Free Lemons!
I don't tweet anymore, but i tumble. theworldisabsurd.tumblr.com. you're welcome. - kyle.
ok then, definitely the yes section, unless you don't mind an extra 4 hours of commute timehaha in a day haha.
I can't believe that more than 17 years have gone by since Gary Larson retired "The Far Side" comic strip. Nothing has come close since.
YES!!! Maybe the Phoenix fans wearing white is good luck? Hehe!
Why do some people feel the need to tell everyone everything.
RT : Cyber Monday is for more than you think!: That’s right, you can get the best deals of the year onpark benches to......
It is so much fun to watch Shaun Marcum Pitch. For the second straight year he is proving to be #Brewers most consistent pitcher.
the spurs are bringing out the brooms tonight
that is because most movies sucked this year!
If it weren't for Barton, nobody in the South would pay attention to your network.
Just a kiss goodnight<3
Do you think Tom Barrett could handle getting his butt kicked by again... All the #wiunion money in the world couldn't help him
New to biodynamics? Check out this article in Imbibe Magazine where I offer tips and recos on where to find the good stuff!...
always trying to tell the 9 year that I am the adult...not him!
#putlitzergate MT How is that not a huge plus? . A2: It's not going to translate into the same sales.
RT this? This was the first Carrie & Lauren twitter EVER!
Half way there..it's almost friday<U+E404>
interesting #thanksgiving tidbit: if you forget to thaw the turkey, you can still cook it from frozen (just will take longer)
when auditioning for a role.when I come clean and realize I can't pull off sexy, I resort to comedy..and I do comedy so much better! ;)
haha no not dumb to you tascada
Studio time for tkil
I wanna live there man. I've heard orange county is the spot
Lakers time, let's go!!
As much as I try to stop myself, I can't help looking at all these graduation pictures. I love this sort of pomp so much.
"Political options are ugly" but they are are only way forward
Good morning! Happy Monday!
THANKS-GIVING, A real man THANKS the lord for his woman, her love, & for having his back. He's GIVING her good sex, honesty, & loyalty.
Updating calendar now!
I implore all media NOT to pay Casey Anthony for anything she has to say!
Thank you,Brandon.So thoughtful of you.Happy day to all Moms!
I feel like a little kid waiting for Christmas, come on
Why are you posting these sleezy ads if you do all you say you do?
i thought it wasnt funny
We need a "context" management system.
Leaving Pinkham Notch NH & heading to Maine. Just had great meetings regarding reservations and then with Aaron on Emergency Action Plans.
What is sleep?
Thought currents emanating from ignorance of the Self are called desires. Desires force you to undergo the chain of births and deaths.
So I have to say that the first date was great. Looking forward to another.
Sometimes in life u get complacent in yesterday and u need a push to look for tomorrow..... Thank u mirror for the push....Lego
Good morning everybody thanking god for today
thanks 4 checking out my videos...working hard to improve daily...I'm only 10 so I got lotsa time :)
C Mason toasting to the Constitution... While telling media they shouldn't exercise their freedom of speech lol. Hypocrite?
there aren't many of us... Like finding a diamond in a haystack :) good luck with whatever is next and keep me posted!
Why aren't library catalogs searchable by book color?
We open in a week. Wow.
I'm writing one now. It's about marriage, and it's hilarious!
Starting to get MAD! >=P
Even just turning on computer/opening files to catalog alters the hard drive/timestamps/artifact. Archivist's nightmare.
I love my job don't get me wrong but I hate working with bipolar bitches!!!
Dont be shocked, when you look up and see my face lol
ur welcome how old r u
I crossed over to the dark side about 9 months ago - I am just one of those manufacturers now.... :)
DURARARA!! IS ON
KEEP WATCHING!!! that's my favorite movie of all time
Having a drink at the North Star American Bistro in Brookfield.
Ha. Yes I did! My bad man.
Watching Ace Ventura Pet Detective at in the cardio cinema. Nice!
hahaaa omgg I miss you! We need to chill this summer!
Aww babe I'm so sorry to hear that .praying that God will comfort u in a way that only He can. I'm here for u if u need me :(
Yes, exactly! Of course, I said that to my sts in the 1990's too :)
nice! You guys headed up to Seattle in the near future?
I just saw that "Sarah Jessica Parker" is trending n the first thing I thought about is "Parker" cute ass dog!!
dont follow people who say if you follow there friends theyll gain 200 followers dont follow them there just lying
One of my besties is coming to stay with me for a couple days :)
Mostly because of copyright infringement threat, right?
Thanks Dad for not bringing me Chick-fil-a like you promised.
just shot you an email, please reply ASAP
on mercy. She could tumble for the French!!
Just got off stage and we rocked it. It was amazing! Thanks again for making us look so pimp!
Just saw my last tweets um
pretty sweet icons.
ha! I am wearing the SAME skirt today!
Say it too my face, can't even! Smh
Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much ://
Last night as I was undressing, a toy car flew out of my cleavage. How did it get there? A mystery of motherhood.
Thank you Twitter friends! I hope you all enjoy your own respective holidays.
Finally watching Moneyball. Almost lost my shit when Spike Jonze came on screen.
I said govt insurance/GUARANTEES - the "too big to fail" nonsense. It IS govt insurance, explicit or implicit. Never goes well.
I get physical, lyrical, very artistical
Good morning !
Sorry to learn that Patty Rouse died today in Columbia at 85. Recall meeting her many years ago. Used to serve she and Jim
Yum. : RE: the goodies from the longer they're in your mouth, the better they taste.
New record: 12 classes in 4 days, with a total 15 hours teaching. In other news: there's a new vein in my forehead that's begun twitching...
i'd love to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Haha. #adamlambert put on a pretty amazing show. This indie rocker skeptic was actually impressed.
#CodyAlliUstream I Love you guys! Im 14 about 2 turn 15 on the 26th & Im in the 11th grade. R there any M&GS for the Milwaukee show? 4
In AZ, the GOP works hard to ensure that foreigners would never want to live there, and we only force proper US Citizens into wage slavery.
Morning Everyone ! <3
hello my long lost tweeter. How have u been?
I'm addicated to the bubble shooter game on my droid. I wish I could have temple run though.
Spraining an ankle repeatedly doesn't mean you have a 'bad ankle'. There is a cure for 'chronic ankle instability', it's not an ankle brace.
Come join us at Cornelius Pass Roadhouse for our Brewers' Dinner. Includes a brewry tour followed by a tasty dinner. 6:30pm on 9.24.09.
#idol - Elise has the perfect genre for her. Solid rock voice, well done.
great group
Don't forget: will be CLOSED tomorrow!
No thanks. I only listen to real music
Just woke up but my sister cushion109 is still sleeping thinking I should draw on her face, but don't want to get in trouble so I won't
Bring it on AP Bio test!
Kristy questioned me again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
SPooky MOON, little spoon, [boston] death and gloom..and more. its all around you if you know where to look. 20three21n.kimball. 830 2nit3.
That call me maybe song is gay as aids
thanks for sharing 's post, lady!
They don't even cover it in the US either... i'm so disgusted with ... nothing world about it
Thanks to THE WALKING DEAD finale last night, today I am the walking dead.
That biatch couldn't even look at me!
I know who I want. I disappoint people cause they "like" me or want to get to know me better. I can't do that. My heart is set on someone...
Not even Alexander Skarsgard and Liam Neeson in a naval uniforms can counteract how awful "Battleship" looks.
lol you start the shit. just like right now sucka.
break a leg! I'll listen. :-)
55 min until hosts canisius here at DB Milne Field in MAAC action!!
it is getting high praise and great reviews. I will see if they have it for Redbox.
make it nasty
doing that now, connecting via twitter and email. Thanks! See you there!
One more week until January and April sessions are available. Discount for HPGM members.....
Hanging out at Aria waiting for a game
Happy Friday!
Thank you all very much!
#BeautyPros: What sites and magazines do you go to for inspiration in your field?
Running a tad late to Katzen Jammers Can't wait to see many of the committee members and attendees
Humanity is never so beautiful as when praying for forgiveness, or else forgiving another. ~ Jean Paul
y me he dañado a mi mismo
Find fulfillment & happiness in your work. Always give more than you're asked. Do the right thing and walk humbly.
RT : "Blessed is the mother who gives birth to a brewer." — Czech saying
Can't remember car service guy's name, just have him in my contacts as "driver"
hey brother i start with this
Your welcome!
If you missed your chance this weekend we cooked up another brisquit so stop by for Corn Beef & Cabbage today for lunch! We open at 11am!
your welcome :-)
I did D": RT Seems like is gonna OD ;o lol
#bestweekever #SB2K12 is over. Skin tournament tomorrow morning then hitting the road.
Must have just missed you. We just left a little while ago.
Target pulls farmed salmon from stores
Thanks. Is there any difference from 2011 to 2012? Any major difference anyway?
great, I did SOMETHING and I reset my whole website, I am not sure it exists anymore, it defaults to the old index.html file...FANTASTIC
Its definitely a factor,&although its illegal to request/receive dowry,its still widely practiced.Not sure how it could be regulated
hahahaha where you stay at?
Thank you for ending my conference on a great note. So nice talking with you both.
Great job, Alex! I love it! Happy Easter to you!
champagne it is. miss my hollins girls <3
doing my project for 2 hours and still getting nothing accomplished....should of watched the voice!
Went & Got My Own Work When Nobody Was Hirin'
Heading into the office to work on some IT issues.
Tom, welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, let us know. cc
Don't know "BeKnown." Do you mean Behance?
You're missing two verb tenses. Has happened. Is happening. Will continue to happen.
is a classy grom... There is no denying it. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Nice! I want one of those hats!
First sales of Balance Lady jewelry today! Thanks to Michelle Tan for selling the pins, earrings & bobby pins & Lee Allison for the fabric!
Hey Phillies! Can you hear that fast-approaching sound? It's the Cain Pain Train headed your way!
both. he made me take a hot bubble bath when I got home from work. He had my favorite candle burning and bath ready :)
More often than not, a great, small ballet class is just what I need! Like the one I just took, for instance! :) so good!
then let's do another :)
OKC = The loudest venue I have ever been in for ANY sport. Too bad my Bulls lost, but, damn, props to the Thunder and their fans.
Know what starts today? You should, it's the first day of National Psychic Week. Also Simplify Your Life Week - hmm, time for another nap.
Twice? Wao! Did it loose some of it's excitement when you were there for a second time?
Answer.My.question.
I'm back from #Iceland! Met some fine musicians whilst I was there. Got to see Sigur Ros Studio and meet
love him.
how long will the pre order be?
This is NOT good for Dantonio's heart.
because only like twelve people follow me.. make people follow me!!!
good lookin man! Follow too!
TU text satin theres a police situation at the gilcrease. Cool.
Wifi on my post-#sxsw flight is struggling. Are you streaming cat videos again? cc:
emotional impact so much more important than content. i limit my take home points & mainly want to inspire passion
RT : Never speak out of anger, Never act out of fear, Never choose from impatience. But wait... and peace will appear.//Amen!
I'm watching from Seattle. Noland will watch it later. It's good!
There's a "three dollar bill" joke in there somewhere, but I don't want to be insensitive. Better late than never, POTUS.
am twittering for the first time
People here are so consumed with being a local "celebrity" it makes no sense
Cool i like all time low too!!!
Just ordered Dominos...
thanks ton :)
I get emotional at times when i think bout my mom
America got it way wrong with Jessica. She had one of the best performances last night. She didn't deserve to be anywhere near the bottom 3.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> man get like that. I'll be damn.
Film=study Practice=class Game=exams Post season=finals
For the first time Domino's got over one million mobile device orders last week. The mobile world expects mobile optimized apps.
With my dad going to see #DarkShadows <3
man Linda had so many good one liners tonight, so funny. wish I would have written them down.
whoa: tmesis. that's like a kinda vocab lesson right there. Tmesis. My day is made!
#whosgonnalose - Houston at Miami - Houston will lose
I think its vickwalsh.tumblr.com
4pm margarita followed by espresso was a weird choice.
I have no idea how cleaning yesterday caused my knee to swell up & throb today but its surely a sign that cleaning is bad.
#Forte done for the day...
lol no! Marissa does! She starts next week. I'm here for her orientation
yea I'm in the D right now bro. No my in house producer is way better. That's a 20 year old hip hop beat by Lord Finesse
only if he's cute and pays for dinner
Happy thanksgiving! What are you thankful for!?
*deep breath* and dive right in.
climb climb climb
But the next best thing: come down to 4th St for Crewsmas Eve tonight. It will be fun
I have an extra ticket for the MOMA thursday. Wanna go?
You're going to Miami?! Since when??!
I finally found out wat the lady is saying in mercy today thanx to nick >.<
I wish I had a better life -.-
Job interview:) Fingers crossed this will be a good day. I love you babe<U+2764>
wink back @ you
no time!
I can help you heheh <3 i can solve it in like a minute and a half!! :D
Brandon Graham? Meet Vinny Curry. Your replacement. Don't let the door hit u on the ass on the way out.
wat is it?
What is the busiest day in your office in a week? Ours is USUALLY Monday, but it looks like today is going to be it!
holy crap. puck is SMOKIN
maybe some money off in the bill. We went 4 months with our tv like this.
Just saw the box movie... not movie of the year!!! Freaked me out though!!!
Just got off the phone with him..
You got it
we love the pedal tavern! Thanks for the follow!
too many
I can laugh about it now, but that was so embarrassing. And he was just like, "Yeah, you could say that."
I told him to stop the pervo winking today and he said "ok" #SecondDate is a go. ;) I might need you as back up. hehe.
Switzerland is real beautiful. I think I could make a go of it here, forcing people to speak English to me.
"Learn to do good; seek justice, rescue the oppressed, defend the orphan, plead for the widow" Isiah 1:17
Yup. B/c the only way your "friends" like you is if you do as they say like a good little plantation gay. Lol.
Some people just don't understand.
my dad: "I BET IT WAS AN OUTER SPACE ROCK!" me: "outer space rock? you mean an asteroid?" my dad: "yeah that! an outer space rock!" lol
you should! Haha jk. I want that :/ “: Now I feel guilty for the peperoni pizza I am having for breakfast....”
When the time is right.. ILL know
Big cheers for "no more war"
We have created a list of Phi Beta Kappa members on Twitter. Send me your name, year and school and I'll add you to the list!
Thanks for the RT !
Are those gingersnaps?
My pleasure on the tweet. Just discovered it (embarrassed to say). I'm always looking for guest bloggers. Interested?
he has been absentminded.
The business standard mileage rate for 2012 is 55.5 cents per mile and the medical and moving rate is 23 cents per mile
I was down to Inbox Thirty for about 14 seconds just now.
Omg. I need a new hobby or something. #boring #depressed AHH
I feel like I live in a fishtank with a cat
Thanks for the heads up. We just had a live report from the school. Lockdown lifted. Two .22 caliber casings found.
I'm gonna march....right out of the picture...
Now we're off to Walmart for some fire wood, snacks, and cheap lawn chairs(:
Latondruh just threatened me over Twitter...Am I relevant now?
is backing up the laptop, it needed it badly - 60gb of photos!
This a good #QR codes idea for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
As long as they agree on a consistent file format so we don't have to have diff't platforms/aps/"shelves" for each publisher.
Wish I could afford to buy all of 's children's books. I absolutely LOVE them.
So why do I watch the draft?
'All my life I've just wanted to be golden'
Happiness is a highway, not a destination.
the maine isn't just john, all five of them should deserve the same amount of credit and respect as the rest.
better late than never. Thanks Laura!!
Amount of waste generated in the making of 1 laptop is about 4000x it's weight
do u think the benefit is for those who have not yet seen the show or for those participating?
This "One Direction Infection" shit at my school is getting really old really fast. It needs to end.
This weekend. Hitchcock. Period.
Life is wat you make it so what do you choose?
I'm home dude...was going to run over before I came inside but didn't feel like hurdling snow drifts 7 ft high in dress clothes
So out of shape >.< my back hurts from #parkour conditioning
My name in Tamara and I'm a marketing student. I'm student !
Here's your girl!
Going to the zoo! Lalalalalala
Ben's solo in Not The American Average>>>>
Participating in #titletalk from the National Mall, a very poetic experience
u rlly have no idea how happy i am to c u guyz on TV again! Im so proud of how far u guyz came! keep going! BAck 2 chicago!
great to hear! LA proper, NSB would love to head south when it wrks!
Im so sad that ur moving to florida! Will u come back to texas to see alex?
I wish you never had to leave :]<33
Another moving perfomance: everyone moved out of the hall.
I need to fucking move. I can't take this anymore.
I'm rooting for them BADLY lol!
Good morning! Not every Milwaukee Brewer will be at the Brewers on Deck event this weekend. The CBS 58 Morning News will tell you who.
I fear it might play a Hidden Immunity Contract.
Phasers set on kill.
#Trivia warm up! Which Nintendo fighting game had the character Scorpion as a player? Trivia @ 8pm.
I want frostbites!!!!
would be but u have a small child
making beats! Sup!
I was in a hurry toss'd it n my bag ):
Ugly storm stirring outside! I hope everyone stays safe!! storms can be pretty cool though.
The 20 sexiest men in TV: As Don Draper returns to the small box we rank the biggest girl magnets in television.
Fibromyalgia, Back Pain, Headaches Top the List of Conditions Tracked with My Pain Diary: Chronic Pain Management for ...
Guess it's time to cancel my Melrose Place remake series recording ;-)
were you in Thailand?! Cause... That's where I'm still at.
I don't wanna hold my pillow. I wanna hold you.
swimming in a large inground heated pool, it was great. would like 2 do it daily if i have time.
Registration is open for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15), sign up until 1:40 pm.
"The ideas we pay for…are those which define the outer edge…"
lmao dont pretend u like S&M im hardcore
when I go bowling I like to let my fingers do the walking and my balls do the talking.
Cinnamon and pepper liqueur, apple juice and champagne. M tastes like Christmas.
Sorry, I’d engage more, but I’m very busy viewing my American Airlines esummary.
Now off to Garden and clean and do the simple things in life.
Could use a shoulder to cry on right now..
Happy Birthday ! May all your dreams come true. ;-}
Have left the apartment exactly zero times today. Love lazy Saturdays and funemployment. Oh, and
I miss her
should be mastered by Mon.
bout to check out now....
~ Hello - so very nice to meet you - DJ
A leader leads by example not by force. -Sun Tzu
looking forward to finishing tracks for albulm this week
Thanks to everyone who came to our first #PDXCSTS meeting last night! It was awesome to see you all!
Shout out too the head of public affairs!!
The Coleman conversation needs a separate session of
Tweeting calm before the storm because relevant
never gonna fall asleep!
I always stay up late and find out its a bad I sea in the morning-.-
it's still a dream to me!
It's way too easy to forget our own advice.
Most people can name more brands of beer than the 10 commandments.
i think austin should have a concert in tampa :) i want to meet you guys again! <3
How'd your Indy race go?
I don't want to be 'Rich', I just want to own a plane so I can go to Australia anytime I want. That's not too much to ask for.
Maybe there's a special dispensation for sarcasm or something.
Thanks for that!
Ended the Wildcard weekend with 2-2 record! Our predictions for this upcoming Divisional weekend will be posted this Wednesday!
Hey caller, we know he said "axe to grind". Thanks, Bruce.
I wish I was a dog. My life would be so great.
“: Can't you see you're my everything” story of my life :/
Doug Davis signs with the #Royals. Ned Yost bringing back an old friend.
I'm hungry
well i can give you about 5 dollars, but that's about it haha im in college! im broke!
Plastic, Plastic and more Plastics.
What happened to the comfy benches at the La Jolla square location?
lol Best place on Earth! RT NEW YORK NEW YORK baayyyy be....
you are a very special snowflake.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO <3
OMG YOU CRIED TOO?!<33
I told him; "that's because I'm your Daddy!" After that I called him son & he called me Dad! Birkman helps build bridges across cultures!
ok gotcha
Working on the next great thing for swingfest. Check the site for details. HTTP://www.swingfestevents.com Check daily, tell us what u think
RT how is my nephew! Miss you.
oh yes, that is true
Happy Mother's Day!
Boozer is untouchable. There's no one else in his class, honestly.
anyway, look at her last tweet. It says whatever I say, and that's what I say.
"Is it Juno cute?"
when you pickup up the phone bitch ! Lol
After a wonderful weekend at 's ConCon (#htcc), tomorrow's conference should be interesting and lively.
Sweet! Thanks for following Alisha. We hope you enjoy our tweets!
who is "Sixth Man" 76er fan court side @ UC? Also sat court side in Philly?
Sonata, sadly we can't be friends anymore
Played da beta. NO!
Look for Gayle's Miracles Tuesday on Today Show w/ Lisa Lillian of Hungry Girl.
A little Marvin Gay & Chardanee
Bout to make my twitter private for a bit lol
I love this show :)
RT: Anyone travelling this weekend, be safe. Those that are not, you be safe as well.
Okay daniel, this is not tumblr. you can't post every 2 seconds. thanks love brandon <3 :)
A lie will let anybody tell it.....
Watching Dear John
negro u aint call me. When
Out for a run with my brother and !
yes. You will <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
FYI My body is at the gym and LOVING it #inmyimagination. My brain is still saying wtf.
I was at that game. It's seared into my memory.
RT : I love how tweets sometimes. She gives a real call-out for action to important issues. Like tonight.
Good Morning. You are welcome. I am praying and I know you will all do great. You are a great & strong group of men.
Thank you Linda Barton of Re/Max for another fine closing with Gateway Mortgage Group. Look forward to the next one.
Hartnell should probably get a misconduct here...but it is the NHL so the Pens will probably be shorthanded.
No prob RT : thanks for following me
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 23
Thanks ;) RT : I like you just the way u arr
You are trying to get to 175!? Do you think your still 20 years old?! I wish you luck.
*Kraken* is keeping me company this week, and it is a very fine companion.
what were your opinions on the 1982 draft ????
If only women had tails. Then we'd have SOME idea of what they are thinking.
we appreciate the fuck out of that
all my fav show's are done for the summer ! !Monkey time !!!
damn u r ghetto AF!!! lol ill try cuz i miss my hamtramck arabs. Dese arabs out here r so borin -_-
Justin is honestly so perfect. Can't wait to marry him someday!<3
my mistake, I apologize lol
": Happy Friday. Enjoy the weekend" Thank you, you too!!
Stumbling is not the same as turning in another direction
if anyone pinches me today, i will burnt their house down.
I mean I'm not hating.. Maybe you should play me back on hanging with friends..
Anyone going to any fights this weekend or watching any on TV? Tell us your story!
and to the #trancefamily see previous post with link!
I guess at that age you had forgotten the rules of the road.
Met with #LearnCampPhx event sponsor board this evening. Marketing & speaker update.
iM No Longer Loosing Weight iM Gaining :)
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Blood in Blood out
do we get to have whiskey in that coffee??
I'm high off life and I'm drunk on reality
I'M CRACKING UP. OMG. MACY GRAY SINGING MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE. This is great.
So sad to miss tomorrow night's #LeanStartupHou speaker. :( I have a dinner! Passed it along to others in the office...
I miss Sparky Anderson
good info, love....... sour and hot candies.
#onlaborday there wont be any parking
#ND I'm wearin' my hat.
If your out getting wet in the rain, stop by Lavagna for Brunch, we are open and we plan to be for tonight!
It was some lil girls beefn like a mufukka at the mall yesterday tho...
In an industry defined by excess? But of course.
Practicing piano and working on a new song.
You took my soul I had to steal it back....
14 minutes!! Lets go!!
Got to get ready for my weekend can't wait til
We're a multi-restaurant delivery service. 1st in the country! Celebrating 25 yr anniversary this year.
Its such a nice night tonight.
Like who this dude tryna talk shit to, first of all I aint insecure bout how I look second of all mind ur business....
Beyond his pottery, Wildenhain garnered attention for murals. He received a Guggenheim Fellowship to study ceramic walls & architecture.
will you please follow me please please please :) I would die if you tweeted me -__________-
Unlimited Custom Upholstery Service-Call for prices
Why did my ass just drink coffee? O_o
That's not right...Let me get on it.
Don't forget about Man Night tonight at Buffalo Wild Wings! 19th and Iola! Hope to see you there!
"Holy is the Lord God Almighty, The earth is filled with HIS glory!" Meditating on the Lord beautiful glory! - 2Cor 3:18, Oh to be like HIM!
It should be called: CRUEL INTENTIONS Texas...or How to be an American....
What's worse is Dallas had more time to revise it.
missed you at
omg i know
I am loving what Toto is putting out now! A Solar lit shower head. Pic coming soon.
gracias bella! Have you worn your beautiful dresses yet or are you taking them to #NYC for upfront parties #WEPA!
who let the countdown begin :)
Must be hacked again..tks
I Hope You Feel Better!!(: && Thank You<U+2764>
What awful news. RT : Gothamist staff tearing up over reports that Adam Yauch has passed :(
Had the Best #Pizza in San Diego Today from: Thx to:
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll check into this for you
thank you :-) very happy, though SF is always in my heart. ha! only a case?! first delivery on ur doorstep in july.
You don't get what you want, you get what you work for and what you deserve.
Hate when motha fuckas try to get me pussy ! Nigga I can get it myself !
Bobby Brown -- I Wanted Bobbi Kristina on MY Reality Show!
The only birthday Jerry deserves is February 29.
I take requests!! :-)
You gosh dang hot tamale you!!
He talk dirty... But his mouth clean.
lol it actually kinda was.
The moon is in a very long distance, That Moon unites us, the moon that you see is the same that i See...
: that's what she said?
love this! Haha you're bad ass girl! ;)
No more college. Hallelujah can I get a whitness
great win for #bearcats tonight
Saw an amazing performance of the Carolina Chocolate Drops last night at the Grassroots Festival. On tonight in Dance Tent!
Henry safe on an infield hit.
Saying "Free _____" is not gonna make the person come out of jail any faster.
Social media marketing can greatly benefit your business as it compliments your brand, business and online profile.
Shooting next weeks #AVbyte at Manhattan School of Music with and !
*shrieks* How dare you say that. is Chris Hemsworth. Not no Doogie Howser.
who is Fred?
dinner & drinks with my best =]
To the lady that got pulled over on Madison street, took off her heels, then proceeded to run from the cops.. you're my idol!
Why preserve #WI geospatial data? A: used by many (26) departments/units across Madison campus. Needed for temporal studies
havin' fun in the h...
Tattoos are so addicting!lol New tattoo pic coming shortly...
By now I should be state certified in insomnia!
La-La-La! Can't hear you.... (Love flips. Don't tell me more, germ-girl.)
A Professional is a person who practices a discipline more than the average person.
Happiness can't be gotten, but ensues after one finds meaning. Victor Frankl
Shout out to our friends over at , hope you’re doing well!
What a beautiful morning, Recording my song today! YAYA
Goals for last 3 days of research trip: complete interview ?s, organize 2 more photo sets, install closet organizer, learn to drive Bobcat.
IYO, if Baltimore City created a wishlist of mobile apps, what kind of apps should be on the list?
But how representative are Shoah videos of the survivor experience?Distant reading shouldn't be confused with master narrative
Anything for my friends at
I know but he's in studio with us!
Day 2 juice fast no coffee. Tired.
<------Yes. We are the largest provider of GPS vehicle tracking in the #BHPH, #USEDCARDEALER, #AUTO & #NEWCARDEALER industry.
If stress burned calories I'd be a supermodel.
ha ha
B4 n after shots r crazy
Don't forget to hug your sega dreamcast today! :)
Congrats. You have an amazing talent. I'm happy for you! I wish to meet you one day! . Best of Luck! :)
Gdm tweeters, had a bad night not feeling good at all :'( ……… How's ur day goin so far?
I did, & it actually sounds decent!(;
Sending tons of $1 drinks to our followers because it's freezing and we love you. What are you drinking, #Chicago?!
Oh how I want to be in Vancouver.....
they've not been playing hockey so far on that series.
can't wait to read your book!
neither does Libertopia or Libertarian Liberty
thank you Chirag, I have passed on the info to a friend who asked.
nuttn much, hangin wiff my boy n our doggies, watchn howard stern..hope all went well wit u n that guy u were talking to
interested in doing a master HipHop class with DTSB&Co member Felipe Oyarzun?? Possibly during a reading day in May? Let us know!!!
Clubbing is my thearpy
Love u fam
hey, whats a shelf-talker? I'm sure I should know, but I don't. :-)
Stop action video in the making.
Yeah, hear ppl already heading home sucks, but i will too. I will txt you
Nothing like seeing your child graduate from hi school, but it is our last one. Time passes as milestones show the path.embrace the passage
Yikes. Sounds like you should talk to about the BRAT diet. Hope you're all well again soon!
Use my Mac Office upstairs for running my sites.
“: One of a #Libra's coldest features is their ability to completely detach themselves from any situation or person.”
You're very welcome!
McKenna: ridicule is a very potent weapon. Schimming: it means you're on the offense
Last minute notice. Tom is playing an acoustic show tomorrow at berryblendz (formerly Inta Juice) in lakeville, MN. Stop in and say hello!
- I listened very carefully to your warnings about tweeting while on Ambien. Must add "pain meds" to that. & i have a Q for u!
flush entity packets?!?
Tory Burch on authenticity: Be inspired by the world around you, but ask yourself what would you want/use, and build to that (not trends).
I have one of those. 2005 vintage; not a bad year.
Gas station attendants with great attitudes are inspiring.
Sorry about that. thought we fixed the problem.
well my dear...its over!!!! Finally...some normalcy
Beautiful Day today! (:
:-) glad to know you have my back.
Red Hall Dance Company DVDs delivered. Look forward to the next!
I'm taking the bus home! And you will not be seeing me at the pancake social tomorrow!!!!!!
Pair a FREE Small McDonald's Premium Roast Coffee with a delicious Cinammon Melts for a SWEET morning! ^Eugene/PDX area only
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. – Bill Cosby
Can't relive the problems of yesterday. Hoping for a better today and tomorrow.
Bowl of cereal here i comee ...
Yes, I go through all of those steps. And then I never get an email.
hey , seriously? A dispute over a dog? What the Duggars weren't available this week??? You guys are getting weak!
many thanks for the shout out, Kimberly
Thanks, lady!!
I love Brainerd! Many happy summer memories in that area...not so much in the winter though :-)
Wow. My gas station rocks. It took me less than 1 minute to get my #megamillions ticket.
sending good thoughts to your butt.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SEXY!!!
hang up on me one more time, i dare you.
Next goal: to get to 100k followers. hahah. seriously, we can do it :)
In Chicago and it is warm but they cheated here. They had St. Paddy's day last Saturday. Really
I realize my perception was shaped by the fact that the segment was ~20sec. And no worries, I enjoy our frequent disagreements.
way to go joe from the air
well considering my class was cancelled, I'm going to Brent's volleyball game at 815.
Four for you Glen Coco, You go Glen Coco. This guy is a hero
Kudos to you! You did a great thing for that young man. Keep it up!
RT : I absolutely love the show Undercover Boss on TLC... <== I do too!
Happy new month! Make this one better then the last! Continue to pass on positive actions. Have a great one
I just want what I can't have.
I'm in a lot of pain right now.
twitters fucking up. I checked bunch of people I followed and now Im not. If they don't fix this shit, I'm going back to MySpace.
Im INLOVE With Jasmine V's Song "JustA Friend" It Such A Great Song!!!!!
Great! And I will sit here and brace myself for jealousy.
we're all looking for the easy button in life :)
Go Me!
Yeah, Ben was home but didn't hear the buzzer on Friday. Hopefully will be more successful today. Yay, #birthdayweek!
Yeah lil bro n lil sis really love video games n they distractin me from buying my jumpsuit
Our clinic provides the highest quality of services including Acupuncture, Guasha, Cupping, Acupressure as well as Chinese herbal medicine.
Thanks Dick! Because of you we had Soul Train and Video Soul. Lord knows I saw a lot more of them than the Bandstand. :-)
Tasty lunch completed and dork shorts done at #nefug2012; two post lunch sessions to go: metadata; shibboleth; and bulk updates from 1:15-2
Among my favorite people to see on Muni: the older couple who obviously have the means to take a cab, yet choose the bus. cc:
Listening to WTF podcast and working on UX design. Good day?
Hello world
I just a bill
#FF - can't wait to see our ecofriendly products on air next Wednesday during the 9:00 hour! Tune In!
What is this about bunnies and candy and eggs? That wasn't in the Bible! R-T if you're thinking about JESUS CHRIST OUR LORD on this day
Chillin in the docs office and about 5 out of the 10 people here have :)
Ewww Drew... I Dont Like You
Just saw Stevie Wonder at LAX..he didn't see me tho.
Our steps are ordered.
RT : "An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a sheep." - Arab Proverb
All in the sprite, all in the sprite
RIP Dick Clark thanks for all the bandstands and rockin new years eves :)
Big hug to little Cole :-(
my name is Alexisbe on there
Can't come out and play in the rain.
Worked on new songs at the park. Slurpees now
and I am jealous
There's nothing that rewards me more than solving big problems and designing great products. Getting my head down and producing the goods!
I haven't updated in forever aw sorry guys
NBA Season...? Anyone???
Ahh gotcha. Yeah I've only been doing this for a short while so we'll see if I survive!!!
I hate you,
MT Just in - #Chicago area -- RT : A father and his 4 year old son were shot at 80th and Knox.
What it was .. What aint foo !!
I need a mind-map. Do you hear me, people? I need a map.
Good luck!! RT : Am at city council mtg in Solana Beach. Agenda item B1 is an ordinance to ban plastic bags.
I'm so optimistic I'd go after Moby Dick in a row boat and take the tartar sauce with me. ~ Zig Ziglar
I have to freakin pee and the bathroom has been occupied for the last million years! I hate this place more every second! AHHHHBGGJCXJHFB.
Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don’t let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months.
"Did I ask you for anything? Did I ever ask you for anything?!"
just make sure not to close yourself off completely and miss out on a possible best-bud-for-life :)
For once I've got the feeling that I'm right where I belong.
I want this semester to be over NOW, NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW.
DUKES with Boston Pops last week. great series of concerts with Keith Lockhart tore the roof off Stars and Stripes forever! Love Boston
Taylor Swifts song, Eyes Open, doesn't even sound like her.
Yes. I will be there during those days. If we can meet up there, great, if not lets connect shortly thereafter in LA/Sac.
great round by Phido..I'm pretty sure 2 of the 3 old timers could have outwit, outlast, and outplayed him today.
I'm bored.
It doesn't matter. Mitt and I both pay too much.
just woke up from a well rested sleep. Howloscream was AMAZING last night.
When you fall you have to pick yourself up and move on. Life is too short to be focusing on things you can't change.
interesting and free advice! :)
no not me
see you tomorrow at the rodeo! Come say hi at the Zagat Lounge.
I'll be makin love to her through you
so nice to 'meet' you! thanks for following, hope you're having a great day!
we are glad to be following you! Thanks for the shout out!
i have so much homework but i cant stop watching my shows
Thanks for the RT!
that was hilarious. What's not hilarious is that the last season of Entourage is only 6 episodes :-/
where can I find the original article?
Might be time slow down on that tequila, grrl. ;)
If Jessica "Dirty" Sanchez is not voted off American Idol the terrorist win!
o shit you be on call of duty
Lol. Jorge is also a compulsive liar, and barely speaks english. But Jacob is just a lovey guy so..
#IThankGod for blessing me much more than I deserve.
bright and early with 100+ other local business folk
sorry I can't be perfect line u
Thanks for the retweet. Love Golfwrx site and a big fan. You going to be at the PGA show in Vegas?
oyah my son is cute heis wight ad half black.
ready to leak lots of memory
Good Morning !!
Since I'm at Mizzou arena, I want 's Welcome to the Zou to play as I walk in.
That one minute party you have when the teacher walks out of the classroom.
Making beats. Gonna be working on auto-tune music and rap music.
... I found out my problem ...
so done with all of this nonsense ...
It does seem like a rather odd service.
Ladies nd Gents!!! Wat is ur favorite Lip Balm flavor???? >>>New Movement<<<
watching biggest loser season finale...jeremy is so cute now!
Ppl who hate on drake ....suck it haters
We're gathering now for the #SILtweetup for #preswk at the book conservation lab, ready for fun!
So , I Was In Line At Lunch , And I Look Over And This Girl Is STARING At Me . Like You Gay ? SHIT . Stalkin My Tweets , And At School .
Winter Always Turns to Spring!
Am I doing the right thing, going back to school? It feels right as long as I don't think of the money.
Watchin family Guy #stuey is a fool
I'm looking for a DOPE graphic designer in the Dallas area with experience in flyer and cd cover design. Got a lot of work coming up!
Great mtg at University Club of Phx. They continue to flourish while other city clubs struggle. Big news coming.
Wow, and at such a steal. The real ones go for over 12K. I prefer your goods :)
see you at #b2bexpo - please swing by for a bite and to say hello!
I always thought that was part of the story. Have I been reading it wrong to Miss M?
One creates garbage, the other hauls it away.
we looken for sum freaks can you play pardon me whats your name dont mistake me for no lame no not me
I'm Really glad I'm a guy. #Shit'seasy
occupiedmedia.us ~ Food Writers Issue Statement of Support After Gill Tract Arrests via
Omg my ass is so sore SMH
Thank you I love you!
Don't forget, we are HUGE and will play all their games on our flat screen! Come in and enjoy a bite and a brew!
i just remered you all dressed up in coach fishers lil hat, glasses and name tag and acting like him
When people stand and block the stairs <<< MOVE!
I got a feeling #Seattle will welcome #Darvish to the #MLB the right way..by posting 6 run in 3 inn. #goM'S
And when does it cost $50K a month for 4 kids child "support"? No wonder he's broke.
URGENT(ish) - need volunteers to help with the sign in table tonight at BASHH, anyone willing? I'd love you forever... dm me if you're in!
Playing @ the Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX tomorrow night. 8-11pm. 5 piece band - come party with us, it's gonna be a good time!
Someones making the WRONG decision
GM Everybody! January is almost over already, lets all hustle harder to make our dreams come true!
quit being so shy and send out a tweet every so often. ;-)
Booked to work on Intrusion Disconnected in Louisville next month, then flying to Los Angeles to work on Meltdown, filming in Santa Clarita.
: is way prettier than you
what has?
Yeah dude! You didn't know that?!
microeco. will be the last of me, FML -_-
Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty.” - Daniel H. Burnham, Chief Architect and Planner of the City of Chicago, 1846-1912
Mark Prior warming up for bottom of 12th.
Yeah, I'm still here. We should grab coffee soon and catch up :)
Ice? Did Jew? DID YOU ASK FOR MORE ICE PLEASE ALLOW ME TO REQUEST PERMISSION...
Draft picks! Woo!
Turning a blind eye to a major source of their revenue doesn't wash their hands clean.
think it's the elusive confidence thang. Needs steady match play and to compete well w/out injury for period to get it back.
RT : If Occupy Wall Street is looking for empty space to camp in, Herman Cain's head is available.
Exhausted after #HomeBrewed shoot this weekend from laughing so dang hard. Can't wait to share it w/ you!
Loving this #NFL draft coverage.
Appreciate that Susan!
plzzz help me get to follow me!!!!!
So proud I got to work with these last few weeks! till next time!
Supporting healthy behavior is important. We can do it online, but structural changes also need to be addressed
Just beginning introductions at the Emerging Leaders Council meetings in LA. So many fantastic people in one room!
wishing everyone a Happy Valentine's Day <U+2665>
I know a guy in Nigeria who will write it AND give you $5 million, but until then, maybe we can help: www.citelighter.com
Thank you so much for sharing! I appreciate it!
Miami x The Knicks Rightt Now TIED!!!!!!!!!!!
In Michael Crowe innocence hearing, expert testifies he was "saddened", sickened and disgusted by how police interrogated Crowe
Love Overdose?
sweet! very excited for the show thurs
hey Dave I'm calling from the plane bro. They like totally just did the safety thing. I think the attendant is way in to me
If Was At My School She Will Be The Only One I'll Really Talk To! :')
This MFker wanna be up at 4a reminiscing on the "small things" about his ex...Really tho?
I live for spicy food.
Are you wondering where the place to be is tonight, where all the action is, and best drink specials are? @ Cream Stereo Lounge Scottsdale.
Can't forget ! Thanks for taking the great shots Holiday Tweetup! Early Happy New Year to all!
So excited for another day of sorting, and an amazing crew lined up!
Lol! That's more like hell on earth! I'd hate to be there. Just the thought gives me anxiety!
they were awesome! when ya working the rest of the week?
As much as I'm rooting for Santos, it certainly looked like Borges initiated that contact...
uhh i dont think he does. sorry!
Dont want to work today :/
i do thats the sweet sound of father zakk
I really thought you were better than that.
& I going to stadium to get the
one week since the #USSEnterprise pulled out. :(
That's what my next Fango column is about!!!
Daniel Craig defends decision for #JamesBond switching to saying "This movie costs a lot of money to make" and "promote."
Impressive numbers in your march today! I hope Congress hears your message. This museum professional stands with you!
Now THAT is what you call a dubious honor!
I'd love some details! Finishing up a PM contract this week, actually. #perfecttiming?
RT : "What the iPod did to music Americans Elect plans to do to the two-party duopoly that has dominated American political life"
Just heard that going pro, not gonna lie im alittle upset but happy for him at the same time.
Wish me luck!
I'm exhausted! Nap time as soon as I get home!
Thinking about April's liquor of the month...maybe gin!? Any thoughts? Favorite spring drinks? We'd love your thoughts!!
Thanks! Spread the word - we just launched it. I wish I could compete, too!
ah love this movie too! :D <U+2665>
Looking forward to seeing you all at ACE Museum today! Come on by to the all in for the 99 percent event!
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH <U+2665> Follow me please .
I'm reading Father Son & Co. My LIfe at IBM a story about Thomas Watson Jr and his father and their time building up IBM great book so far!!
Check out May 3rd at , is our keynote speaker. Hope to see you there!!!
A lady driving a van full of kids run a stop sign. A man yelled, "Don't you know when to stop?" She yelled back, "They're not all mine."
Dippin' Dots is bankrupt? There goes my one of my favorite lines: "Dippin' Dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 20 years!"
I know this Jordan! So is Singapore.
*Giggles, looking around for someone to talk too.*
well yeah that too!
This week is going so slow. :\
I knew there was a reason to like this Card. And there it is. RT : Ready to watch Kobe do work!#Lakeshow #purple&amp;gold
i wish i could bomb my school. i'm in 7th grade, and i have one year left with these idiots, then high school.
I did and they rule! Perfect as usual my man. Emailing you back tonight w more updates ;P
Welcome to Teens Coaching Teens, the newest resolution revolution to helping teens identify their passions and live the life of their dreams
are you thinking what I am thinking?
I still have that feeling. LOL. ;)
i love Audrey and Marilyn <3 they were beautiful <3
#FollowBack and btw I .like your tatts and girl wit tattoos is sexy af
I am ready for swim lessons.
Yes! I am their new fan.
RT my auntie just invited me to go to Ritz with her tonight, and shr was So fr !!! {= Turn up
coeliac is a autoimmune disorder.yes its healthier but over all it sucks! It breaks the bank&the food is always questionable lol
set B/R to autorefresh every minute like Drudge and you'll really move up!
al only you would lose the charger but not the phone haha. How was Chem?!
#DuringTheSummer I want to travel out of state.
It pisses me off so much when I have to pee when I just start getting comfortable in my bed.
Absolutely hate answering and talking on the phone.
#FF More great must follow #SXSW new contacts @ agoratek
Next year hire to edit your #pictures for WPP. Follow his tips on #2012WPPH judging.
I wanted to know If we were still on for lunch Monday at one
Lol everyone says that but i literally don't know how! Doing nothing depresses me lol
KidKraft Princess Toddler Table Guide | best rabbit hutches
Just checked out the cover and pre ordered!
no changing
:) RT : Only girls with nice Twitter avatars can retweet this...
“: have a show? Where? When? Will there be Bollywood dancing?”UCB, 4/18, 6:30, spank for a new show, other dancing!
Wow I find it funny how your trying SO hard to say your someone your really not
talk too me.
were going to miami. seriously tho. haha.
this hour on is funny as hell
What a great message of the power of experience turning into ideas. THIS should be the classroom.
thank you, much appreciated
Thanks---the sessions so far have been great.
I should have just stayed in Minneapolis another two weeks to hangout for #Confab12. What was I thinking when I left.
I just saw them in Nashville. Drive 6.5 hours to do so. Worth it! :)
Thanks Russo! We are thrilled to have you be a part of ! :)
Oli Sykes get in my pants.
chillin wit bennito, blunts look like burritos HA
lmao shushh! Hang in there buddy its almost the weekend
If you say
So usually what happens is that food gets wedged in horizontal pipe coming out of the disposal going to the other drain.
Hard Rock Poker Room today! 2pm $25 buy-in, 7PM win your buy-in to the WSOP $60 buy-in 1 re-buy
Compression and Uncompression are Much Faster Now!
my thoughts exactly!
How do u like it Clark? Ah medium rare, lil pink inside. Nah, ur bun
so your friday night is all planned out now?
happy birthday amy hope u have a blessed day
#The 3-D Experience by will be #new on Jan. 10, 2011.
Here we go Saco weekend! In 4 hours I'll be at bare foot bob's!
I also heard them say that McKeldin was the backup for the Library of Congress.
Well... RT : Ken Rosenthal is an excellent WRITER.
Maybe we could be friends again because what were fighting about is so stupid
Awww. You are too sweet. Let's do it!! :)
Love your tweets my man! One of the best follows on twitter!
"We will either find a way, or make one!" - Hannibal
See, in my career usually I wear whatever is loose/comfortable/cool. But now i have forgotten how to dress up.
#Houston-area! Big-time sale coming up locally. How does .99 for HUGE #glutenfree or #vegan cookies sound?
Fones on airplane mode now!
Avengers! So sick.
Yes kings
the mysteries of life as we know it?
": i drive a tahoe"yea i just got a 04 silverado today
hate that damn show
Shows tonight, 8:00 and 10:00pm. It's the place to be, tonight. Twice. And you heard it here. First.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
sure! ;) shoot them to:
“Pop. Not soda. Idiots. #shitbuffalopeoplesay”
I never sleep
I literally almost died tonight on a dirt bike. I dont think I've ever been that scared in my life. Thanks levi.
David Jones quotes: "Another quarter-point rate hike is baked in the cake. But we are near the end.”
Thank you so much for the RT! I trained in Seattle too,,with Kathy Sie and Andy Inglis.
You'll be in a tight race with and both raced to renew this past year.
It's only a matter of time before Ron Paul refers to Santorum and Romney as "young whipper-snappers"
Lunch with the bro
Doin' what we can with the conference love!
Please send confirmation of this to me for #FreedomWatch with as soon as possible
makes sense thanks
The best part of having a bunny is the when they chase you around and try to scare you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
fortunate! Get some rest, lucky for rest day tomorrow.
Baby its okay , I swear its okay, cuz I know everything ~
Last day with the southerners
Beautiful day
Leaving chicago!!!
Us grannies want to know, would you rather lose your luggage or be delayed 24 hours? A predicament travelers face often.
Iasked if you were ok & you said yes .
I wasn't planning on liking you a lot.
Have a great weekend as well!
a story it is only 14 chapters im on chapter 11 <33
But I read everything tells me to read, even if it's in Chinese!
My attitude is celibate I don't give a fuck
Am I down, am I down, yea I'm all the way down...we'll be fine
make sure to tell him he is quite handsome!
I really don't like hungry wolves! ;) Great job on the #historyrocks!
That was the brilliance of it: you're waiting to be horrified or enraged or turned on, but.. We'll chat sometime. :)
Thank you! I'd lost track of IMR for a minute (lurking), but y'all have been killing it!
yes, i've heard a lot of great things from him over the years. I told Brad (a fellow Pike grad) to say what's up to you.
New photo set just posted for VIP's on my website! Another coming this Friday!! =)
raw honey from a friend's bees is making me want to just spend the afternoon hand-in-jar, never knew honey could be so good!
Sia "bring night" from the 'we are born' album. :) RT : what was that first song in the vid recap?
Great job this morning, Derek! RT Thanks for coming this morning, greatly appreciated!
Just remember that God's spirit dwell within you, so if you want to do GREAT things, use Him.
It is day 3 of #TBRI! This morning we are discussing the Adult Attachment Interview.
some...if not, they would have to pay more...
... No, if Lebron plays like Normal Lebron, then they will lose obviously. If he plays like Kobe tho...
and the Spirit speaks to us through the Scriptures. St. John Chrysostom
I will definitely be tuning in!
Waking up from a nap and thinking it's the next day
Good grief. The teenyboppers are out in force today.
Who wants to go to the Chefs Confluence conference? Get ready, we are going to have a contest for a spot at the conference, air voucher...
Who's up for Sox to get they're winning groove on at Fenway starting tonight vs. A's?
and want to see radio rebel :D
ticketmaster was funny. me:"I was afraid it would cost $100 to replace." him: "actually, it's $200." me: *GASP* him: "naw, just kidding."
Final countdown to the highly-anticipated girls' wkd/BFF's bachelorette party at
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Banana Country
I can do good all by myself and i can do bad all by myself but i got god on my side family and my job is all i need and god in my life..
Lovatics are fighting on my timeline. *Grabs the popcorn*
damn!!! What it do when you get off.
I'm officially in the smallest hotel room EVER. Like, smaller than my office; maybe even my bathroom
is the girl for that.
I can't qutie find it anyway
So Hallelujah for President's Day!
UPDATE 1-Arizona towns at risk as wildfires hit U.S. Southwest
The new issue is so beautiful. Y'all are doing good work, and better and better.
they're currently being printed once i get them you will be the first one to get one ! :)
"We have come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now" ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
54 min. tweets for bb...get your drinks on...and shot!
:-( sorry, friend. Know that "stuck" feeling... And it's no fun.
#Habitat4Haiti will be our theme of this year and our # 1 focus.
Weekend away, then job starts Monday!! Yay!
Global Consumer Electronics Industry
Okay, just retweeted a #catvideo, time for some fresh air & the soothing sounds of the Sand Point storage facility
ha, i thought you might say that - i'll hold out and wait for your review, thx!
I suck
Listening to the Casino Royale opening credits song as per usual
y i nvr wear white, black is more my color, yea all black
Join us for the social intelligence session at 1:30pm at #SDLinnovate. See you there!
so like all of em lol I like all of yours too my next tat Is my pin up girl :)
How many of you business owners have ever thought of running a deal with Groupon?
Happy birthday Conan!!!
Ikno man it's been a while beenon my grown shit lolol glad your doing well boo
Spaz if you want,spaz spaz if you want to.
We should! I haven't registered yet, but I almost certainly will be there.
Hustling Monday. Early grind.
Taboo this summer???
how you guys feel about Rocketjuice and the Moon album?
if i find a petition i will post it
lmbo & wht you call yo.hair cut ? Dnt say no fade or a all even lmbo
Watching IU Kentucky is like watching the Notre Dame Michigan football game. I wish both teams would lose
What's Your MOST favorite Music?
we have have 2 little guinea pigs and a diego
how are some groups still on the 9th hole according to leaderboard? #PaceOfPlay appears glacial!
The Buster Posey .300 magnet is TOO STRONG!
Much needed 8 hours of sleep. Time to spin my legs out with an easy, rolling 7 miles on the roads. Got to Recover/ #findmystrong in my #K3's
"paradox" is only a conflict between reality and your feeling of what reality "ought to be." -Richard Feynman
u r welcome
I honestly don't know how 8Flavahz made it over Fanny Pak.
My bro just got into trouble cuss i told him i was gonna hit him back and i did and now im not the one in trouble he is isnt that cool.
Thank you! :) I like it a lot too. I think I may start offering prints of it.
was awesome, what a voice and a love for Jesus.
I think Texas needs a "part time" governor.
im board like every1 im following - thats all i see ppl saying
Were you in school?
lol I will
In addition, why is "bow tie" still two words, while "nevertheless" is still one word?
Last day of Cool Raoul!
Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week continues with happy hour beer tasting w from 4:30 - 6:30
can you dm the best email contact for you please? Thanks
Stay tuned for a blog post today!
Ok. So. Are you telling me that "Pilates" are NOT plates for serving pie?
Matt Leinhart will never be a starting qb ever again! mark my word!
Thanks Jen. I was reminded when I got ur email!
the game
"I figured this turd out 5 minutes ago," - a fetus
Im late im late for a very important date...with the library mmuahahah
Yahoo! Thanks so much for the shout. Enjoy. Enjoy.
Looking forward to sharing:! Thanks for the follow: , , , , ,
I just downloaded One Direction's "Greatest Hits" album. It's empty.
Hold on to your seats,it's going to be an interesting weekend.Palestine declaring statehood and the G-7 Meeting.Rosh Hashanah next week too!
Is There Any Chance You'll Be At The Botanical Gardens In Chicago This Weekendd?? #MahomiesLoveMahone 2
RIP Seve Ballesteros, one of the Great Ones!
RT : Waiting for Launch Pad prez #e2conf. Watch #acquia twitter stream for # to text your vote at 11am!!
Do you think they have tryouts to see who's the best at lying down, or is it on a "dibs" basis?
Excited to listen to what Nathan Hand has to say about #socialmedia &
me and josh got jumped
I'm starving, I want some Spanish food
kiddie pool sand box heat lamp
But..why am I watching how high..?
well idrc I'm god wit tht
Love you let me down
Blood Orange san pellegrino is my new favorite drink.
Love those songs that get me hyped for the #SUMMER <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
Welcome :) i absolutely love your tweets like when im down you always make me smile and ik your always here on twitter :) <3
Interning will partly be a culinary exploration of Downtown
I couldn't agree with you more Darren complete disrespect to the talented hard-working entertainers on board
you better!
How else r players $aid “: RT : See how much fun a game is when there aren't a million time-outs called? #Hoopidea”
I need a drink
you suck
Workers think about what they're doing...leaders think about what needs to be done
When will the Brewers be televised?
awesome! say hi for us.
"Over and over and over again we p lay the same old games"
Congrats to Michael Vick of the Philly Eagles on winning the starting job as QB. Its going to be good seeing him n action.
Wondering if all these Mac updates are safe...
Hey, I miss you too.
Tired of YOU.
Any organization, irrespective of the nature of its operations or size, can use #CST without disrupting
who maxes out on 2 types of squats 5 days before conference......
#RIP Darrell Reynolds, long time basketball and football official, who died in a tragic car accident yesterday.
didn't get a chance to fill out the class form the other night. Tomorrow for sure. Hope you enjoyed your visit
#nwill2011 students really appreciate having a readily available reference point for how to do those processes they rarely do
I'll just take both! Lol
The smell of hash browns right now <<<
Jeffrey Burch giving great background on how Daily Racing Form co-marketed Disney's Secretariat film
Thanks for the mention!
RT : Acura's website just crashed...spend a mill on the commercial and your digi guy forgets 2 pay the web hosting bill...
ha. my old dude said the same thing when he saw the satellite dugout i installed next to my bed. good pierogies?
ya boy vibin rite now (y)
Forgot iPhone at home. Not a freeing feeling.
Trying to get a count for Creighton vs Minnesota game - Noon THIS Sunday at Omaha South HS! RSVP on the FaceBook Event Page!
I just love my life <3
Happy Thursday! What do you want to accomplish today?
In the Kia Hamster commercial, why does the one in the neon shorts have a bulge???
Just a few more days until my New York trip. Girl time and brainstorming with Margaret H Baker!
Busy Beaver Button Co - good people, fast service
WHAT UP! IM AM BACK I MISS U ALL
So, is rad. That is all.
maybe because he can't make 1st team all conference...in Conference USA.
Wait, I mean MURMPC. Model University Records Management Program Committee. I love my job!
if you come to florida I'm gonna buy you a ticket to universal !? (: lol IOVE YOU <333
Six deadly words in a cover letter: 'To Whom is May concern.' Show you know who you are writing to to impress!
Can't sleep. Playing with a story idea in #Dramatica Pro 4.
Watching the #MaddenCoverWinner on ESPN and I thinks it gonna be Cam Newton to win the cover!!
absolutely gorgeous!!!!! Its obvious where u get ur looks!!!!!!!
Apple Mango Tango. CK One. Chocolate.
Black women who say they'll never date a black man are the ones we don't want anyway.
thanks for the #FF shout out. We're honored.
Allen: TDCJ self-eval for sunset review didn't even mention the word re-entry until page 96.
to tim conway
Thanks to everyone that came out to #20MAAB, and +1 to for a great presentation to kick off the year.
RT it's cool doing what I want lol// as usual!! Lol
um...... No, no I am not watching that. Lol.
I wonder if there's footage from the security camera's at SAKI. On second thought, do we really want to see that?
packing going to LA in the morning
Go to the with ! :D on Monday! It is going to be a killer show!
#1donsnl MY BABIES
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont sell my soul!
My airbrush still looks really good!
I can't ( well, I can) believe this!! You are awesome & what a great asset for the community!!!
GoodMorning Sexy Man :)
Whatever happens, take responsibility!
Who do I know that plays Xbox 360 online? I'm gonna setup an Xbox Live acct. this weekend.
No you didn't. He just probably doesn't have that much time for everyone right now. RT : I let down again.
I'm the "brutally handsome" guy in jacket right behind you.
I miss playing AngryBirds
"This Little Piggy went to Prada: Nursery Rhymes for the Blahnik Brigade"....a fun book to read with your wannabe Fashionista baby girls!
There was a drum in the picture?
#askarabella If you could be any celebrity for a day who would it be, & why?<3
that was not one of our makeup artists! but thanks for keeping an eye out for our brand
You're right, it would never work out. You're a PC gamer.
Please, tell me more!
Mentally preparing & positively visualizing building an efficient dept. that successfully helps people w/ med/bh needs get ins. coverage. Om
count us in, do want me to send a check or online? We want to try the new ones!
Got my driver's license! I am a permanent resident AND a Maryland resident :) Also, the nice lady at the MVA gave me candy. Can't complain.
no prob bro, that video came out dope, glad u were digging that fly paper
I need to make sure that one of you will be icing #Gary tomorrow morning at 730.
Knowledge Exchange Institute is now in on the tweeting
hahahaha dude srsly like, who thought that was a good idea.
Is Miami actually decent or did everyone just jump the gun annoiting the Jets the toast of the AFC East?
Don't lose hope. When you are down to nothing, God is up to something!!
Batman, Swag, Sexy, Dimples, Ties, Pretty Much Everything!(: <3
Ball so hard... My feet hurt. I need those new LeBron sneakers
wait, are you in #CANADA or #MEXICO?
Getting ready to leave physical therapy, one more class, then I can go home and take a much needed nap! # success !
Dreamt last night that the bf and I were being chased by a man through museums and were given the power of invisibility when we were still.
I wish I would get what I want for my valentines:) I wish a big box would come to my apartment,do me a strip and have a wrap over his dick:)
Lol you are ruining my life haha best line
uh yeah!!
Somewhat. I was sort of tired though...
Joining us from Indianapolis, Indiana, please welcome the Lawrence Central Highschool Marching Band!
Everybody Gonna Get WHITE GIRL WASTED lol
I seem to have that same problem!
you can punk me if you want!
When people try to interfere in your relationship <<<
hell yea xDD
I was proudly going to wear my #HonoraryTuskegeeAirman pin to work today but this horrific cold decided otherwise!
u could make a bestfriend in 1 day
It's sad to see you happy with her :'( I wish you were mine </3
#AGirlDeserves someone to remind her that she's beautiful
I'm about to shoot someone. <U+E113>
A little girl named Kadie is very sick, she may not be able to meet you, but she'd love to hear from you!!! #HopeForKadie <3
Hi Ji Suk Yi , I dropped off some letters for you & your team today! Young, driven, inspired young man here.
i want a cadberry egg :( however u spell that lol
Mixing the album. 2012! YEAH!
RT : Take that risk, because morality is a risky proposition: Anthony Marx, PhD #ethicsmatters -DL
So tired all the time I don't get it<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Fighting it! Fighting it! Must. Get. On. Schedule!
where can I get me some of that??!
Happy Monday!! We're offering first quarter discounts to all advertisers interested in CHI/ SF billboards starting January. DM us today!
#AskAndrew Would You Follow ?... It'd Mean ALOT (;
watching The Santa Clause freaking love this movie =) <U+2665>
Wow, weiner's wife pregnant. Poor thing to carry the child of such a freaking loser.
RT : will winter ever end
Love this quote: I'm smiling because you're my sister, I'm laughing because there is nothing you can do about it...
Back from a wonderful time in Tosa...now I gotta get my act back together. These next few weeks are going to fly!
Just walked outside to blue skies and sunshine... All I need is temps above 50*! ;)
Most people say they lack motivation to get fit...I have found that it's usually a deeper issue...figure out what's stopping u! Work on YOU!
***excited***! Thank u~ "Wanna Say Thank You" is my call tone & "God is Good" has been on repeat dealing since i heard it~
Worried about the flu? Slow deep breathing boosts your immune system...
I hate when people talk about me behind my back/: I'm not in the mood for your crap right now #I'mTiredOfIt
Hate that I had to put the new TX license plates on my car today. 1) They're ugly. 2) I have to memorize a new plate.
My nerves is so bad right now
Elderly lady wearing a "Bottoms Ups" tank top abandons walker & enters 40+ pound dog area of the park. Only she is surprised when she falls.
aww, i miss you too!
1) Log in to Spotify. 2) Listen to "The Knife Feels Like Justice" by Brian Setzer. 3) Say, "Thanks, Red."
A rough day at work makes it OK to spend $5 on a latte, right?
Hey everyone! Don`t forget there`s a NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow this Saturday night at 8:30 PM just on Nick after iCarly!
your momma let you date?
brainwashed by liberals. i think not!
Does anyone need a sexy valentine? Lol
Did things go good yesterday? Or is next Thursday the big day?
I used to see moonwalking dragons and make arrow to the knee jokes like you. Then someone stole my sweetroll.
oh. How comes? You can dm if u want your privacy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
the birthday countdown begins. 27 days left. and im 23. lol
...Yes I'm Ready To Graduate Lol
what is it then, an appliance?
Building and feeding babies is hard. Takes a lot of food. :) Enjoy it!!
Useful reference; thank you! Any more you remember? Did your peers develop with the same consistency?
free BJ's everyone! The restaurant. -_-
Dang nvm on that last tweet, the Heat are bein gay and are playing tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
True blood , no wins last nite at awards show. That sucks! I love true blood!!!
Why can't CJ and EW play in the 2nd?
I love dorritos.
this bitch jus made thee worst sex on the beach ever ewwwwwwww
Looks like our phone and email lines have been interrupted. Catch us on our mobile numbers until further notice.
I'm going to lose 15-20 pounds by June 1st. If I fail, then I will make each one of my followers a special present. #MOTIVATION!
and a good point guard at that! this kid is gonna turn some heads
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 14
lawlzzzzz he's the bomb diggity
The short answer is yes. personally, I like just about everything however, my sis can't stand the texture beans (legumes)
getting ready to do a show tomorrow in Normal, IL then off to Kansas State for another one on Wednesday.
glad you like!!
When you get around to asking me out for real, I'll say "yes".
Center has become the NBA's version of the Wide Receiver. Divas dependant on others getting them the ball
Good morning, everyone! We're so excited to announce that is moving into & working with ! Can't wait! :)
Smh it be about that time.
More story boarding tonight for #TheRedRider! This short film will be great
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW I SAID IT
Beautiful morning in California <U+2764>
As always Anthony, you're one of my favorite photographers, always enjoy working with you
RT : Everybody talks everyone listens but some how the truth comes out missing <---
Haha. I hope the new one doesn't bring "Vim" into conversations.:-)
concert tomorrow night celebrating #Cmumusic100 live on
S/O to the City Year Milwaukee Recruitment staff!!!!
RT : "I study Pokemon everyday, now help me 10 year old"
Go Pack Go!
Seems like I'm always chasing a different kind of blue but always coming up red. Can't love another color. Just can't.
im going to the dentist in a little bit : /
finally tomorrow's FRIDAY :)
Lucky! Mine are eh... Haha and that is on the cool side. They are so embarrassing. I am like I don't know you in public. Lol (:
If you act like a bitch, get treated like a bitch.
so is going to be your Reuben ?
Young & reckless
aye bro did he get the session??
Enjoy the show! My buddy was at the Central Park show last night -- Setlist looked amazing!
So you love Jason Aldean but have never read William Faulkner? You're not a real southerner.
It really honestly bothers me when people don't use proper grammer.
is my favorite public library
Watching the US Open Andy Roddick barely won!!!
I think I have too much respect for myself to even attempt reading 50 Shades of Gray.
Convinced that I use LinkedIN correctly by not 'connecting' with people I don't consider to be ACTUAL connections.
Am reading an intriguing book, "Leader on the Couch" by Manfred Kets de Vries with goal of learning new ways to help clients.
Yes come to Playground. It will be a way to exercise your play muscles. With a music theme!
you know im not a player anymore ; so i can gon head and pass my skills down to you
i got mine (:
Im Tired and We Aree Not Even close to my housee -.-
If someone had informed me of all the great gay sex I was missing out on I'd have probably gone to college.
I am making zero apologies for listening to "I Just Called to Say I Love You" right now.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know I can balance everything in my life and #IfYouKnowMeWell sometimes work can take the wheel and foot the gas
These Ruffles good !
Awful, sick the whole time
Gotta love that H & R Block!
W/ this performance, I'm cool w/ her going to Antarctica until we are RT : America is not ready for Nicki Minaj.
#Congrats to all our #high school and #college #graduates!
#FF judge me.
Mamba for Three!!!!
Lol. Okay cool (:
You know what sucks! Buying salads from and finding out they forgot to put the dressing in my to-go bag WHY do you hate me!
Tomorrow's mothers day - don't forget to gift her travel cash on myTab! And did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
There is a big movement that's starting today. Occupy-Giant Eagle, Heinens, etc., We demand Egg Nog all year round. We demand and love it!
Day off in DC has been sweet. Target, laundry, spaghetti. Back on the road tomorrow to the Norva in Norfolk, ready for southern comfort.
You've motivated us to put the patient first! patient satisfaction leads to better outcomes!
I'm not sleeping in my dorm. This is weird. But hey, at least I get to pull a late night shindig with Misty and Dylan :)
“: Can't wait till I hit the #megamillion tonight <U+E105>”me too!
Microsoft to acquire Skype, according to Mzuck. Skype CEO: "Hey, hold on a second..."
11/11/11 New Video Release: "The Silk Road", Live from The Stork Club, Oakland CA soc.li/6Fm2RwY
not much what about you?:)
Good luck to everyone doing the #24hoursofdisney I wish I could be there with you. I will live vicariously through your tweets & FB posts.
bollweevilin' it for lunch..wheres my carlos and jose to steal all my quarters?! =)
Ministry Thanks for the retweet. Praying your day and ministry is truly filled with good.
Afghanistan's Cultural Heritage Under Siege: Preservation and Patrimony in Wartim on Indiana Jones : Myth, Reality and 21st Century Archaeol
I want to go to alot more then this
thnx for the follow & if ur ever in the USA love to try ur cookies!!!
YIKES! RT : Apparently, Candace Bushnell's hubby was having too much sex in his city... He cheated & she filed for divorce!...
It amazes me that can't be bothered to create the ability to save payment information on their website for one-time payments.
...can we hang out Thursday night? And Friday night? And all day Saturday?
hey I heard you were a wild one.
event propagation makes my head hurt
In your own life, what extraordinary thing will you create that’s irrepressibly, inimitably, audaciously you?
.. Just looking after my friends :-D
When I die, I want a disease named after me, with symptoms that include "being awesome at everything." =)
Freedom Makes You Beautiful!
We've had an exciting month, & we're proud to announce that our Imperial Cream Ale won a Silver Medal for Strong Ale in the World Beer Cup!
Maybe they are.
i wish i could just screw it like the other ones but this is like a huge week for me. Cant turn in the jersy, ill break my heart.
You can pick up #MyNameIsMahataa at Vromans, under the "Local Authors" section.
4? Wow, which is the best? 3 for me :)
...likewise.. Just watched your Corian Teaser. I'm hooked!
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
I hear you! Time for them to wake up and make something happen!
I think today is drive slow as hell day. I have 38 projects to do let's drive a little faster.
ehhh i wouldn't go that far lee norman! btw, did you ever remember what you had to tell me?!
Proactive PC maintenance. We work behind the scenes 24 x 7 to keep you going. Preventing problems before they occur. Call 512 873-0447
Thanks sweetie, you too! : ) XOXO
I never wanted to grow up , I just wanted to be tall enough to reach the cookiess c': Lmao .
Do the flying V!
I made the Dean's list in my last semester of college. Finally.
If you missed my stunning episode of Tyler Perry's House of Payne, you can catch it Wednesday at 10pm on TBS. French Waiter. Wow!
lmao aye man fuck all that
just got starbucks yummy :)
I could really use a Hookah to do some O's (y)
": Telling the truth, then smiling for no reason, and they think you're lying."
Vince Young comes alive in the 4th quarter.
that call was the worse -- the only thing that was wrong and not just bad.
Were da1 Stop Glamour Shop!4 Men/ Women! #weaves #flatirons #color specialist Up dos #makeup artist and full Mens Barber #oakland 5108321100
"A good business plan is key, It will help you see if you want to start your business for real." Jackie Victor, Avalon International Breads
Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go. ~ Brooks Atkinson
A lot of spoil. People out there
Original. RT : Rangers fans chant "Kovy suck" with 17:00 left in period.
I met you todayy:)
Great to see you!! RT : Jumping in late - Hello all
- We're buying our copy! "The Fat Kid's Wolfy Revenge" now available on Amazon.com & BN.com.
- are you in the US yet?
So, hey, what's up with that Markie guy? He still around? He should meet up with us. /cc
Laying in bed fresh out the shower, contemplating life.
There is pee every where
Uh madonna lipsynching and bad dancing... needs a better bra and different boots she can walk in! Redo please?
Umm, your "pissing contest" tweet might be the best thing I've ever read.
Most women with Mrs. Tebow's condition don't get a Heisman trophy winner. Most women die.
Damn, I love
I feel like smokin
Everyone's breaking down their booths and leaving the #sdp2p event. Hope everyone made grt and lasting connections. See u next year!
Hunger Games again, UK dog stomping Loserville, and possible tattage. Gonna be a good weekend.
I'm wearing my hat cause my hair looks like asshole, just sayin. Haha ;)
RT : Glorify who you are today, do not condemn who you were yesterday, and dream of who you can be tomorrow.
I'm making up scenarios of us again.
in glad I'm not alone!!
"I don't want the dentist to cry when you open your mouth. Brush your teeth." - my mom to my little sister
thanks ! Let us know how you like it and we can improve it!!
Rolling in Chicago hipster central. @ crocodile bar. Oh what have you done
Haha well just calling it how I see it :P n really? Ur lyin hah
SEP hosts a heart to heart cultural exchange: The session was part of a five-hour International Focus on Teen Culture event organized...
Just came back from a feild trip the scince center was wack af!
Also CONFIRMED, my soul just died a little! RT : CONFIRMED: sign Matt Leinart
LAC gone get that ass slap wit both hands if they dont tighten up 4real
Getting prepared for my third airport trip. #
Who am I??? www.kevinkash.com
if only i had a FAT ASS..
Thanks for the RT
Hey, Hey, We're the Pancakes
Who has checked out the video update? What do you all think? :)
I meant hey you
Come & check out industry night, there are spots left. Plus $5 sangria tonight! Join us
Great choice, dear!
Good call. There's several "states" that seem similar to Franklin in that respect. Such cool little pieces of US history!
I wanted to replace "sadly improves" to "greatly improves" actually...
#ThinkLikeAMan = FANTASTIC MOVIE!! :D
I'm falling apart. I smacked my hand this weekend and my ankle on the dishwasher tonight. One more collision = maybe she's a boxer?
Auto-tuned lip syncing. The worst of both worlds.
TMI... I know but Waxing your no-no area is painful..
FYB! What are you doing tonight in newps? RT : Its Friday bitches!!
Big Bill spies snow outside! Good reminder to Rahm--keep the streets clear if you want to stay in City Hall. I'm here if you need more tips.
Durable Roofing would like to wish everyone a Happy New Year!
poor u. Hope things change n u get that needed rest
New Year! New time to start with a fresh web site, logo, or branding design@ Contact for a quote
before Nickelodeon introduced yall i had no idea who or what 1D was but now i love yall
RT : is our Business Organizing Expert!!:)
YES...HOW IS THAT EVEN A QUESTION
Thinking about Activity-based marketing for real estate. What do you do everyday that you wish potential customers knew about?
I've become so bad at texting people back. I used to hate those people.
Thanks! Same to you!
The #UMW Choirs "Lighter Side" concert, originally scheduled for 7:30 p.m. tonight, has been canceled due to inclement weather.
When kids try to trick you on April fools day haha
getting ready to walk up 11th. You at conference or hotel?
Music First, Business Always! Make moves!! When the music is done... It's all bidness baby! Don't Front. Get to Fucking Work!!!
Thanks for the RT! Got your eye on one of those jackets?
In true geekdom the only valid answers to "Can you do ______?" are yes and not yet.
strange, I'm listening to Wild Flag right now oddly enough.
You used #Instagram not I think that is hashtag abuse! ie is #4sq is
Good Morning Everyone
All I need is one more year.
Today reminded me of why certain things are worth "it". Carve it up& it all fits.
Watching make Caesar Salad table-side. Does anyone know if restaurants still do this? Bonus if they're doing it in NYC!
RIP DJ Solomon Kahn.
Hey guys, thanks for reaching out to me. I'll check out your music and post for you guys on AHP as soon as I can! ty =]
Goin to sleep. Wake me up and i'll kill you.
aw that rules!! <3 you too!
Looking forward to ! We're walking to for a 3 course dinner!
Catching up on Marvel movies makes me realize that living with Cop is probably very similar to having Bruce Banner as a roommate.
bitch cut me off in the hall today
idk. I'm sure you can contact them about that.
The past two weeks have been really busy for me. I'm getting Max Payne 3 today, if I get enough play time in, maybe a review?
LOL THAT'S NOT AS GOOD AS THAT ALEX ONE THAT THAT GIRL GAVE VINNY THOUGH LFMAO FLMDSKSNJK HAHAHA
Who's playing ball? Not sure on Sunday.
I followed him :D
Well of course! ...At least I know that now haha :)
Homeless people wouldn't be half as poor if they didn't waste all of their money on sharpies and cardboard.
Strategies when program begins, Second – “Try not to hold the microphone by hand in the first minute.”
Keeping you in my prayers...Goes to show how strong people in my family are. :) **hugs** Love you.
From NPR: At a Rick Santorum event at a shooting range, as Santorum fires into a target, a woman shouts "Pretend it's Obama."
... Don't I know it. I tried to calculate how many edits it would take... And gave up!
Oh my gosh, that is crazy lol I've never met a guy that hasn't experienced that.
Awful things occurring makes me remember how precious life is.
CRAP. I forgot my world cultures stuff at home. I'm screwed.....
Aaargh! Left my yoga mat at home.
wow...way to stop your own teammate
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. -Martin Luther King Jr.
I see the adult film stars that was talking about are following you! Must be cause you're full of information...
I feel stupid cuz this is the 3rd time iv been through this and this time it fucked me up the most initially
I hate instagram... it makes me look light skinned in all my pictures. I'm done using that shit.
This guy behind us heckling Crimson is amazing.
Rachel is a one if a kind gold star
Be very strong... be very methodical in your life if you want to be a #champion. ~Alberto Juantorena
Retreating into a good book. Hello Christian Grey
I know lol I love you but I can't agree...we all became fans at some point
Youtubing: Finally, a great discussion opener.
hope to see you, very soon!!
¤ No hatred is so bitter as that of near relations. Cornelius Tacitus
What's on your playlist today?
Itailan sausages w sweet peppers and onions tonight for #mondayfunday just as requested!!
Dear Overheard followers, I've neglected you! Have some more love....
: also follow for #5280showdown actions
I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate.
well i appreciate that... keep in touch
that looks deelish!!!!
Talking about how I have a huge crush on at work today, who cares that he is 19 years older than me... ;)
Hey we didn't have a blog writing due for today.. did we? I didn't see anything on D2L..
his big mouth ass
so you used to have this thing for girls named lauren..... i can introduce you to my friend lauren.... yeah.
My check is in the bank & my bank account lookin real fat
Suck my dragon ball's
that was sweet of him! Happy birthday
Cleaning the Blu-ray/DVD shelves. It`s amazing to me how quickly crap builds up on this stuff. Screw dust.
The Americans pulled it off! Great job guys!!
Ready to watch some beisbol
On set! (I'll see y'all bitches a little later!) ;)
Just did an interview with the Jeff Santos show on AM 950 about the #MADMEN S5 Premiere Watch Party DC last night AWESOME!!!
"You can't talk your way out of what you've behaved yourself into." - Stephen R. Covey
"Everything considered, a determined soul will always manage." -Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus
S/O to !! I hope you do good at your old school .. I'll miss you :( & have fun being a freshhhhy
Remember that a #landscape plan should address the paths and walks that cut through the growing environment
I'm digging this Saturday lineup - why doesn't the #NFL do this more often (after college FB had wrapped up, of course).
G. Washington's step-granddaughters lived in houses on opposite hills; signaled each other with petticoats out the window.
Pregnant Man -- My Abusive Wife Punched Me ... IN THE CROTCH
Best for uploading is Internet Archive. Most metadata and info available for download
So excited!!
Hello to all of our new followers! We can't wait to see you at Better Block in two weeks!
ok, let me know. When I get to be a little bigger star then maybe I can get a interview with you. ;-)
Yeah she gotta nice voice! RT : thats bro
Monday challenge: up the ante to be more persistent in maintaining standards and quality assurance.
Really missing Desire today. Life is too busy and I just want relax naked with the whole crew! Where's Claudia when I need her?
my fitness pal app is the shit
we played two dates with a band that lip synced the clean singing... and they are signed.
your roommate and Agnes and Oliver
Small business owners & their friends. Do you know why you're charged a cancellation fee for leaving an ineffective credit card processor?
He say we are going to be dignified, respected and are going to win! Justice for Travion Martin #####
luckiest man alive.
32 could change
Just woke up smoked sour they can smell it in the air
The owner has said on several occasions that he does not care if his politics keep customers away. Works for me.
Set your mind to NOT be easily offended and see how much better you get along with people. :)
Puppy power at the Campus Center today! #BARCS is bringing in pups to help you de-stress. 11-2, rm. 349. #AW!
Lunch plans? Join us for a UK tailgate at Central Bank - downtown Lex. Burgers, dogs and more. Proceeds benefit United Way.
Unstick yourself from your story, Conquer your fears,, Allow yourself to say YES! #lifeclass TY! Thank you
Welcome winter!
I haven't, but I plan to. I can wait for it. Time travel is a sweet spot for me.
lol don't tell him but I love tom ford a bit more :-)
RT Sign up - Building Cross Platform Mobile Apps with Flash Builder. ow.ly/5xh8u
he said me callin him Bubba make him feel like talkin about shrimp lmao
will I ever reach inbox zero????? :[
People With Big Ego's <<<
And artist's estates often block the free distribution of reproductions. Modern art is complicated
i'm listenting to that old song tank on me. imao.
We're happy you like it! Thank you for supporting organ, eye and tissue donation.
Its watch japanese people on tv
In the 83 year history of La Liga no team has ever come back from a 10 point deficit to beat Madrid. #FCB Let's get this done!
Keep working hard and u can get anything that u want
Thank you! Road trip it down and come hang!
I don't know what that is.
Virginity can be cured.
Two women suspected in Wellington car burglaries charged by authorities - WPTV
We all know your talking about me. ;) <21
i wish i stayed out fairfax still...stafford dry as hell..but its raining??
YO! Welcome to twitter bro, and GREAT throwing last night. Ur a #1 on half the teams in the league. So glad to have u in there.
Anyone got Tauschers' cell number?
my #bestdayever would be the day i out smoke and
While excellent advice for IDs, this applies to other professions too!
I hope you do, too! West Seattle is so far away from Ballard!
I like to Abby.
Ariana!!! PLEASE NOTICE ME!!! OH AND IF YOU DO PLEASE FOLLOW AND SING THE CHORUS TO PINK CHAMPAGNE! <3 iLove You
Happy Monday!
thinks Green Day's American Idiot is one of the best albums ever
there are free taco coupons from on the refrigerator xxoo
juan direction.
Got 80 pages left of Brave New World...due tomorrow. Gonna be a long night.
Whew. Now that I've figured out that the client's son on last night's ep of Mad Men was Nick from the show Hang Time I can go about my day.
Alternatively you can use NSLocalizedStringWithDefaultValue() to separate the keys from values to unique them.
lean startups are startups that are built to learn, from the ground up
ahahahaha yeah lame as hell I know. How u been bae
New Boards of Canada album???? Let me live to see that day! Goodness gracious
thanks for that.
I bet it is
- I admire how you pulled yr LinkedIn page and Twitter page together. I could use you as a coach.
I love sharing my sanctuary with my bestie #mybed # nonelesbiantweet
YEAH! Thanks for the update!!
Two teasers at the end of THE AVENGERS (which was awesome) . . . discuss.
Florida in 5 days. Spring break here I come!
I miss you ! Cathy ! Long time ! :D
Deaf people should not be in charge of doing the sound for a show I'm all for equal opportunity but dam the sound man never got it right.
"FORE" more years!!! "FORE" more years!!! "FORE" more years!!!
Monkey grass transanted & weeds pulled from front bed. Time for a big glass of razzberry tea and bit of easter candy.
RT : Thanks for the mention, friends!-> Any time!
Michael Phelps' mom is killing his chances with women. She needs to make herself scarce. Chill lady.
Check out for great kids brain games. Build mental muscle.
lol. Awesome episode. Absolutely loved it.
I guess ill stay at home and find me some more followers
Exercise, it does a body good!
just saw ur tweet. Our apologies, we are twitter handicapped. Hope to see u at the exit in on june 21st!
Hope you had a fun weekend. Any news on Nadia??? I watch her on Dirty Soap on Sunday nite now.
I just may be able to do my ALA presentation slideshow exclusively with pictures. Take that bullet lists!
it was long morning with lots of soccerr!!
Check out the website of my latest film www.thelastghosttour.com
Yall going live ?
shitd! Real nigga convo too! Yo homies don't hook u up with the Beckies! U don't put ur homies on! U selfish! Check my tweets!
mine is so strong it comes in at 2 o clock
Watching love don't cost a thing ,
Discovered kitchen tools for kids. Large handles and knives made of silicone! Perfect for cooking with kids with special needs!
We had some technical difficulties for the last few days, but we're up and running again!!
Razzles are the BEST things ever.
Felt dirty rooting for the Vikings tonight. But hey, it worked, and the Bears have clinched a bye in the first round of the playoffs!
Umm did I miss Mark and Mila's Max Payne II? *brand confusion* Somebody educate me...I'm no gamer-by any means.
thanks for the RT! Did we miss that episode?
This would be a challenge-->Testing laboratory=Every quarter, think of 5 new marketing tactics to try.
awesome! I look forward to it!
Federal Hill has never been infested with so many St. Patrick's Day Douches. Luckily they were all in bed 10pm.
Did you find one that interested you??
KOZO MAN - desk lamp by Kozo Lamp upcycled handmade lighting design - office desk lamps
greyson follow me back please xoxoxoxo
What would the #notoriousbig #musical be like?
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H seat 26 Can you guys sing just the way you are by bruno mars? :) xx
- Done and done. Missed you guys tonight.
Heyy:) no problem. I'm good how are you?:)
What is 's number!
There's some people i can talk to all day and not get bored.
we really need to start talking alot more again hun. i miss my sexxie mexxie doungen tiger. <3
Not feelin so good today..hoping tomorrow will be better :/
CASA LATINO SENDS PRAYERS TO KANDI & FAMILY..WE ARE HOPING YOU CAN GIVE KANDI THE SUPPORT SHE NEEDS NOW. GOD BLESS YOU!
I know Im wrong for ridin wit the packers and Im from the chi... but theyre good man. Aaron Rogers is out there
How do you quantify the properties of Art, Music and Poetry to enable analysis/search?
Happiness is finally getting to my hotel in Wisconsin!
Hate when pizza delivery man take forever to bring your effin' food!
It Anit how much u score it's win you score!
Guillermo Klein's music is resplendent with time changes that would make lesser players cringe in anticipation.
I guess valentines day wasnt that bad this year... :) got a suprise visit! =D thanks for my gifts babe! Ur thee best! Muahh!!!!
Kill them with kindness.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Time for 3 hours of memorization
so u ready for ur meet?
are when you take a breath and politely tell them to shut the fuck up
wow you're shallow.
couldn't fit it!
So sorry to not be there to investigate! i know you will get good coverage from KIMA... keep them informed!
101,000 views on my YouTube channel. Thx everyone. Have a lovely day
but really someone come find that bug and kill it so and I can go to bed
Fulltime position to provide Physical Therapist Assistant services at the Navy Health Clinic, Naval Air Station - Camp Lejeune, North Carol…
Good insight unc!
the jam of most days.. 'this must be the place (a navie melody)'
wonder when I'm gunna get to see !?!?
Though Rebecca claims you are more prone to possession when you are drunk.
Up super early.
First time in Vail last night. It's like the Disneyland of Nature!
Water management projects: Time to have regulatory mechanism in place
Lol a month ago :'D And omg I hope they don't sneak! :'D
I went out with Louis Tomlinson because I said vas' appenin
I hate having like no followers. -___-
"We have a long way to go, but we are on the right BIKE path to get there.". -Mayor on Columbus becoming Bike City USA
Happy Birthday!!
Start by doing what?s necessary, then what?s possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible. Francis of Assisi
But really we have to get those!
Izo just asked if he could touch my nose... Maybe this summer wont be so bad after all.
"Be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry: for anger resteth in the bosom of fools." Ecclesiastes 7:9
i just want what I want...
haha yea i get u but hey i like it hw he moves those sexy hips :-)
Juicy juice.
you do all the time! Lol!
anyone break the cycle
&& if I ever fall in love again... Wait !! That won't happen
Out for a bikeride earlier. Saw a group of people passing out beer to marathon runners on Liberty Avenue.
Thanks for following!! :) <3
That troubling incident isn't indicative of this community's character. #HRVA is a fantastic place to live, work and play.
Yep I figured it out. Since #Tebow is going to be a situational player in New York his new nickname is
#DOOL has been part of my life 4ever & I don't want 2 C it go.Lets get w/the program & hire writers who will do this show justice.
Thanks for totally blowing my ability to "weasel" out early!
In SF enjoying #AAOS conference about to discuss Minimally Invasive SpineCare. It's a great day at
I think that she's very interested in Br lmao
Let's go Heat!!!
Currently listening to Beach House's new album that was leaked at IT'S AMAZING.
People still put their middle fingers up in their avi's tho..oh
can't wait to see it!
Any good bars in Denver to drink at?
2days sponsor is giving away AWESOME prizes all day! Make sure u follow to stay in the game!
Splitting infinitives often leads to the inclusion of an unnecessary adverb. Just sayin'.
nice I'll hit you up when I get back.
I wake up just to eat Cereal in bed, then immediately go back to sleep.....
Thanks for the RT!
I Once Saw A Guy Throw Up A Quaalude ..Then Pick It Up Off The Ground And Swallow It Again.
Thanks!! We grow em large and in charge!
welp... I'd like to see you smoke a substantial amount of weed and turn down a cuddle sesh with a bearded dragon.
Why not just morphosyntax?
the only way to find results is by rising above fear and communicate!!!
Looking forward to seeing the footage from shoot.
Having a staring contest with my docs dog.
Can I just get my braces already?!
Twitter's not all fun and games you know. The sooner you people realize this, the sooner I can go back to big labia jokes.
we are so excited!!!
The comcast you get in your room wit that jank ass remote<<<<<<<<<<<
Hi Jennie...love that one too...SongCast has been put on hiatus right now, but we can humm it together!
I am not hungover yet
Thanks for following us Carissa! Do you ever come up to #seattle?
have a great show tonight!!!<3 wish I was there.:(
The history of the world is full of men who rose to leadership, by sheer force of self-confidence, bravery and tenacity. - Mahatma Gandhi
lol, girl u kno i love u, even tho im cheatin on plenty oof females with u or the other way around
could he be the one?
Would love to see the #Caps get Ryan Suter. They need to solidify that back end for next year. Hopefully trade for J Staal (not likely)
Tomorrow is #SmallBusinessSaturday and we have another incredible deal that will start at 12AM (EST)Details will be revealed! Pass the word!
I wonder if Bret Michels would Unskinny Bop in GeekintheSheets gear for you?
Was thinking all day yesterday about my book and character names. Should I make them up or should I use common English names...
that heifer is not a mother she just claims my child as her own!
thank you for your positive expressions. May you have good health and prosperity _/l\_
First Pumpkin Spice Latte of the season. Delightful!
Ergo, Bruce Campbell and Stephen Baldwin are responsible for The Avengers being made.
lol right here wit tha team
We actually talked about your lack of suit. Nice work!
yes calvin had a big one, finally.
Heart goes out to #DRose - Always supportive of Thibs & confident our #Bulls can make it thru. Sad day but still gotta BULLieve
what is the name of this new sight that u sold your painting
Congrats to on securing National Geographic as a digital+media client!
all right, Doc.
not important. rugrats were.
I want to hit it from behind while she's laying on top of the grill on the patio!!
No but really though.... Us girls, yeah... We always know.
The world cafe live 7:30 im going on! Come hang out!
i blame for the pain my arms and legs are in....i'd rather it be my core! haha
RT : RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Her husbands balls....
is it a novel or stories? and sneed, how do you segue?
Me off to Asia in 4 days for 2-3 months. Me work on prototype & secure #funding. Me gotta get me ducks in row.
Spam should be illegal
Things turn out the best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
great word :-)
It's never too late to start!
trombone player just slapped the microphone.
I know we don't play! They can out there ready!
that movie is amazing on blu ray. Good choice
your ex < me > your next.
Sold out of pre-sales for the Hard Rock show in Boston on May 25th. Some tickets will be released at the gate prior to the show. $12 @
last night in France -- heading to Dublin tomorrow for the NINES/DHO summer workshops.
I hate the rapper in the Lexus
I'm out here tho<U+2755>
Sounds like #oddfriend has lots of suiters
I would come play skeeball at your bar!
is the wine doing the trick? may have to try this out for a while
You know Pauly D follows you??
Feds seek voluntary removal of toxin from personal-care products
Don't miss us at tomorrow and Thurs. at the Javits Center! Booth 1203!!
I get discouraged to drive when people drive stupid , rather skate and enjoy life
just read your first blog post....WOW! Great story and major props to Jason. Enjoy! I look forward to reading about your trip
time to finally use some of my groupons that I purchased! Hmm massage before or after lunch?
It was taken from Ft. Collins, CO, a.k.a., The Mountain Post.
well I have no job, I'm free
“: "Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy." double pt. 2
Reaching the Globe by Tweeting one song at a time, The Tweet-dio show on via #spotify 10 am edt!
Today's my friday. Marvel movie marathon tom. Starting at 11. If i have to watch 5 in a row they gott be Marvel.
Wait, Wait Don't Tell Me is killing it today. (via )
very cool!
Several South Asian recos tonight: Mysore Woodlands (vegetarian), Viceroy of India, and Usmania. All great picks on Devon.
Question 7: Who has been the biggest influence in your life?
AWESOME DAY!! First ever Heli' ride w/ cool people,dolphins,lava flowing 50Mph,waterfalls/streams, Valley landing, monk seals VERY GRATEFUL
Get free SIGNED PICTURES of the weather channel meteorologists.
I'm having a bonfire Wednesday night its settled
great meeting you at the AMA's gifting suite! Come follow us on Twitter!
“ “ I highly dislike MTV with a passion.””
I'm getting movie trivia with my shuttle ride to the airport.
I could use a cupcake right about now :)
LOL far from irrelevant little girl I call it like I see it and you are an ignorant wannabe from dublin pretendin to be hood
Chipotle one last time
Thanks for the help! It worked! =)
you must be an alien or something.
My mood is seriously messed up SMDH!!! Love and prayers out to Man smh! My heart dropped
yes if a Malcolm was gonna babysit a cat that would happen lol you or I
Judy O`Neil & Robert Ward are setting up audience to learn about Action Learning
Ah b-day in less than three hours
that's true! i should know!!!
this Saturday for a special workshop. Check it.
baby is ur heart still mine ?!
IF THEY REALLY YOUR BOY / HOME GIRL ..THEY WOULD SUPPORT YOUR PROGRAM ~ NO MATTER WAT >IF THEY WONT BUY YA CD THEN U NEED TO REUP ON FRIENDS
is not a bad place to spend a weekend! Old Mac and Trails today. Pacific and Bandon Dunes tomorrow!
ohh loll butt i still wanna know whyy
needs to grow a set and fight the PacMan.
Valentine's day- social construct or good old fashioned consumerism? hm, I think both.
I was trying to make a Big Book 2084 dystopian joke.
Why I love my job. Dating advice from my boss, : "There's more boys in the sandbox, throw something at one, they'll respond."
Have a safe trip. Looking forward to seeing you later.
nah your beautiful(: jus like all my chicas(; <333
jr.copywriter for hire. contact me asap for open positions!
I think I geeked out too much tonight. Great ep. Still really mad they haven't brought in Jojen and Meera Reed.
Ground control to Major Tom ... so cool to watch!
Anyone in mke know of a good place for an oil change?
We're pretty happy to be back at work, shaping FUEL's 2012 calendar. It's going to be a great year for FUELing!
Anybody watching the NBA All Star game tonight?
RT " #jdaychicago continues to rock into the late night in downtown Chicago" SO sorry I'm missing #jdaychicago ! Maybe next year
lololololol 4 days until the AP exam
this is gonna be such a good one dude!
Hi I love you! Do you mind following me? Come visit California soon :) -Gabby
I've been swinging this big hammer all day. My arms are really Thor.
GM can't sleep in high expectation for today's service. Wherever you are worship God with your total existence; Blessed day twitter!
Anyone for carrot cake?
I LEFT DA CLUB LAST NIGHT ME AN GUDDA STILL HIT
and Pro Bowl last year
Ok ok ok okokokokokokkiikookiokk
Ah, Nancy-- Life is what we make it, as is everything; perspective is all.
You may want to participate in this February - know of vendors who may be interested - pass it on.
Spring Break "COOLDOWN" Cooler Fest at the beach house Sun 3/25 S. River Dr. Miami Fl 33167 Bring your own drinks if you'd like!
You da best! We just got the call that she's almost done with everything. I'll all you soon to fill you in!
hi there! The party was wonderful! I am n the blogger lounge now. Purple hair. @ thejenatx
Let us know if you are en route
“ Be Yourself !! Now Thats #Swag”
nigga get ya ass beat.
no it doesn't!!!
was it hard to sleep last night knowing u took same dirty $ ur supporter lectured Council 4 taking? Btw - u took $2500 not $1k
when i mope over a guy, my friend would always say...#GetOverItLifeGoesOn and then I'd get mad for no reason... :/
New cleats and flip-flops... why does this make me so happy.
Bank Account Look Like Cheerios Lol..Dnt Take It Outta Context
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Chili's Too - American (live updates)
Practice TONIGHT:)
Is it too late for you to get back in on the race? Can't stand Romney but refuse to let vote go to Obama.
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. Confucius
No disrspct mnt by wt im abt to say bt it seems like asian ppl disregard talent when it comes to asian rappers. Some are the shit
One of those stupid futile days when so tempted to turn in resignation letter unless more staff allocated to IT...
TLO likes: Customer service - responsive, helpful & nice. G'day to the guy who listened to me vent bout the PIN nos.www.tlo.com
Purple will never be just a color.Justin will never be just a name.March 1st will never be just a date. I love you:))
you probably just couldn't hear the 14 remaining fans
What are you going to buy with that Somerset gift card, Nick?
TRUTH IS..... VOICE
I am following. Thanks for your support
haha course not love
Hi Ali! We're finishing our Summer schedule, but it'll be on our site by early June. Access Basic will be held in July/August.
Remind me. Im old I forget shit. RT Dear god Hahahaha I told you a birthday present you can do already ;)
Pisses me off tht so many women choose to lie on their back because its easy money..
i like it when people dont rush all of the time and actually take time listening to people
Saying goodnight with a glass of #port (Fonseca 20 year Tawny).
Dipped out of school with Couldn't take it anymore.
I'm so hurt right now. O Well!!!!! Looks like solo dolo 4 me *Shrugs Shoulders*
great to meet you! Love to get info on your training, etc.
I, however, love twitter. It's twitter-rific!!!
Learning from your mistakes is smart, learning from the mistakes of others is wise
I thought you were working on it with max?
If A Man Only Can Be Seen With You Behind Close Doors Then That Means He's MARRIED,ENGAGED,IN A RELATIONSHIP OR JUST WANT TO FUCK.
You coming to the meet at all?
I'm going to the Johnnie Walker tasting on Saturday. Have u been yet? What was it like?
Fox News Running Ad that says they're ranked #1 in ratings for 10 straight years. Yet they call everyone else the "mainstream media" Huh?
Bro, God doesn't hate u, He hate's what separates u from Himself, God loves you! #GodlyBroTips #BroTips Jer 31:3
Ohh the weather outside is weather!!
I know #TrueLove lol jk no he did get me stuff :)
was all that in your purse this whole time??
#BETAWARDS ALL ARTISTS!! SUBMIT YOUR SONGS TO DTP!! GO TO WWW.DTPENT.BLOGSPOT.COM (RETWEET THIS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!)
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
sounds like a great event. Nova SE U. just started a new Sales graduate program. Perhaps I can sell my book at your expo?
"It's better to be late, then early" - Mark Ellis , Coach Ellis would tell us this on set while filming Home and Away 4 NBC.So 4 film&life??
#ThatAintCool If You Hav2 Cuss Yo Mom Out To Get Your Way.
Hey Anthony Davis suit & tie is not "optional"! At the Derby kid!
every night on the strip I slip n slide
N I WANT YAL 2 SEE MY LAST POST CAUSE THIS REALLY GOTS SOME OF UR FANS BELIEVIN THAT WAT YAL GOT AINT REAL
W/ at MMP. Ordered food, beer at 3rd inning. Still waiting in 7th. Score this one an opening day error.
"Story Bites Back Panel" all told that no story is worth dying for, but there are stories worth risking your life for.
Lady Gaga originally bleached her hair so that people could tell her apart from Amy Winehouse.
(e.g. Longaberger baskets, some collectible contemporary Barbies). If collectibles are still with original boxes - still makes a difference.
I'm so burnt. It hurts bad. But not as bad as it will in the shower. And def not as bad as the #Mariners game so far. 5-0 Ugh..
RT: : Why aren't there ever research grants for the collections *I* need to visit? | I KNOW. Someone get on that, please.
15 yrs later 's Titanic stands the test of time & his 3D work is brilliant. Go see it on IMAX 3D
lolz u haven't met my friends <111
Haha. I dressed up like one of them for Halloween! Do you like Mikey Whiskey Hands?
Lake later.... great & I'm super pale.
psshhh! Go away
thanks for the RT!
why not!?
Joey Votto is good
Entire new menu at the front page!! check it out! www.frontpagerestaurant.com
if I'd have known you were still up I'd have knocked on your door. Just home after visiting w/ friends near your neighborhood.
I feel you dude. I'm so hungover right now
Put a 'Ross for Sheriff' SIGN UP and SIGN UP to volunteer tomorrow and Tuesday! Call (415) 609-4222 or
Hi, there! I didn't catch this the first time around. Hope you are doing well today!
“: I don't want dick tonight, eat my pussy right”
With Marshon Brooks' minutes limit/achilles issue, should I start Vince Carter or Bayless over him this week? Appreciate the help
Leola, sentimental wailings for the past
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
I dunno. This kind of stuff is amazingly stupid. Just...plain...DUH. It'll be alright.
My favorite Drug: Eminem :B
Aren't jace investors minority? Not taking a hardline on wealth redistro but there's def a case to be made
Using 3 feet of plastic wrap for a 4 oz filet
I predict Jon Snow dances with wolves now.
im not ur bro. Lol im a girl.
Wednesdays are mine and my dads favorite day of the week. Two-fers at sweet sensations.
follow me please!!!!!!
Rondo for now - Wall for the future.
Enact labor market and employment policies that enable older people to work for as long as they wish and are able to.
Jamming to Sander van Doorn's Identity mix show on XM ch 52 Electric Area ...
face it... at 1 point n weezys career he had a ghost writer
The Syrian government continues to kill civilians while the world sits idly by
I hate when you poor cereal and then relive there is no milk.
Our Reno partner, The QBDoc is now on Twitter! Enterprise & Point of Sale Expert! Check out the site www.qbdoc.com!
I can't wait for Prometheus to come out.
Can only imagine what their marketing meetings are like.
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 25
You know which one I'm talking about, right? Actually, text me.
Are you running your own Google Adwords program? You shouldn't, but, if you are make sure you add call extensions and set up CPP bids.
Calvin Johnson gets the Madden 13 cover.
What's a good website to read Bieber stories on? That's like fun140?
who is this
"Speak unless spoken to."
Pink Martini&#39;s multilingual orchestral splendor yields a &#39;far-fetched&#39; success story
Follow my old friend and his incredible band and then buy their album. You're welcome.
now you follow me back! :)
In homeroom waiting for class
Going well! Narrowed our next project down to 2 features! Now deciding which one will be the lucky winner! How's your week going?
YEAH!! Haha I liked it with Ben Bailey...now it's not as fun xD
Today is a Slaughterhouse shirt type of day!
It's Whatever!
My notebook is running out of pages, anyone know of a good place to get an awesome new one?
Called a 1-900 number to offer a podcast job to a woman with a sexy voice. She still charged me for the full session.
Long but good first day at #acrl2011. Looking forward to tomorrow's sessions. Also going to catch concert on the Wanamaker's organ.
It wasn't over, it still isn't over. *insert dramatic kiss in rain here*
hey did I let you borrow my calculator
Jorge Ben + Tea + Big Sweater = fall afternoon quiet before CMJ madness!
yeah it is lolz.
Middle Finger anybody dats know down wit
I'm sure if you ask him, he would when he comes online. (:
What is the best way to trade gold certificates? last time .
The best part about Scandal is the soundtrack to the episodes.
I'm off to enjoy a slice of green tea cake tonight while I catch up on some reading; I'll be back tomorrow tweeple.
woo! See u soon! We're about to start booking SD shows ;D
Espresso Coffee has just one third of the caffeine gravity of ordinary coffee.
WARPED TOUR WE WILL
We all have the same 24 hours in a day some people just do more with it than others
i would burn the shit out of myself....
Was at a concert recently,telling friends about the last time I was at that venue. t was 2 see Sam Kinison yrs ago.Sam was king.
RT : Adrian Grenier just walked in from Entourage... Didn't know he was from New Mexico until now! That's awesome!
ill take your word for it. if you actually wanted to be involved you could have offered it to smc and participate in the event
Animals want to learn how to talk so they can hang out with me
Next year. For sure.
I just wish there was a standard.
Law of Success #13. Profit by Failure. Temporary defeat is not failure. – Napoleon Hill. Next law in 4 hours.
Just watched a windoze user wait 20 secs for laptop to wind down before closing the lid. Lmao, those were the days....
When people treat you like nothing, you begin to feel like nothing
Will be selling both #CHK & SD. No faith either CEO has a clue & can turn it around. More #CHK lobbying $$$ going to end EPA?
perfect topic for me (as a edu software developer!)
Andrew luck better be good as hell after loosing Peyton
Exactly!! MT #greatdebate #MCN2011: "access to culture" is a bad rationale; plenty (all?) of culture happens outside of museums
Just in case. “: To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs -- it will let you go instantly.”
isn't there a Schlotzky's? M.
my first day back at conditioning ! :D hot a'f in this brace though !!
MSNBC Sr. Political Analyst Mark Halperin says every indication points to Pres. Obama endorsing gay marriage in interview today
,good morning. I slept WONDERFUL & so I feel WONDERFUL :)
Oh, inconsistent world, how you plague
If you don't stand for something, you fall for anything.
Westest week isn't that bad, I mean you have a excuse not to get ready all week, then you get to sleep when you get done.
Love the Walking Dead, Shame definitely has the right frame of mind to deal with the madness.
add me on Yahoo Messenger <U+25BA><U+25BA> Charel_Blessed <U+25C4><U+25C4> no WEIRDOS please !!
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND THIS POTTERMORE BULLSHIT.
...I’d thank my lucky stars, to be livin here today. ‘ Cause the flag still stands for freedom, and they can’t take that away!!!...
are u gonna start calling me kam lol
same here. can't think of a thing to say.
Wash your ass Mr. Steve.
Everything is cloudy right now ..... need some clarity. Let me go and hit record so I can listen back to myself for some good advice. lol
Still perplexed as to why we didn't press or play man against a team we were athletically superior to?
Dang! RT : bottle of #PBR , a pickled egg and a shot of blackberry brandy as fast as you can!
Congrats Mike! RT : Another fun night at the for the #onemanshow. Thank you everyone for coming. I appreciate you.
Bad news: an insecticide caused Bee decline. Good news: now problem's known. So much at stake, incl. immediate $18B impact on farms.
Thanks! Always great to connect with #rural #Florida folks. I'm over in Citrus County, grew up in Sumter.
Hey tweeps, what song should I sing in my next video??
Hey a fellow SLP and MMA fan!!
is it stupid that I get upset when there are exactly 13 unread items in my inbox?
bro that game gave me an ulcer...
Tupperware is the best place to keep your nuts, bolts & other equipment dry & rust free.
Thanks to the singers from 12 states & the U.K. who filled up Emmaus Church this past weekend for the Georgia State #SacredHarp Convention.
Seattle, though I had a New Orleans style coffee from Bluebottle at 30Rock yesterday that is a VERY close 2nd
Bersin: Mexico and US working to coordinate southbound inspections.
I've neglected saying hello today and I want a lap dance from all of you. I'll just sit and wait.
but I passed all of my classes tht I have failed the exam so I'm good
I can never understand it, i would say 90% of my friends and famly are on the other side. where do these people come from?
Yes, please tell me more about your miserable life..
I bet you havent ever been arrested & then they told you, it's too full so we're going to let you walk
"Justice for Trayvon" Rally set for Sun. April 1, 2012 Park with Frederica Wilson, Chaka Khan, Jesse Jackson. Gates Open at 1pm
The panhandler at the corner of northern and falls is wearing a teletubbie (spelling?) costume:-)
Hell all I do is smoke good. And thats b/c we bring it. Lol
lol great advice!
Neat! Hope you had fun and didn't get snowed on. ;)
Thank you for the RT! I thought it was a great article but a bit tough to complete in 5 days- your thoughts?
Lost a cast member because he got punched in the head by a drag queen, and we've replaced him with a mini me version of Russell Brand.
What server am I on? Fuck you, it's 2012, how come I still can't play with my friends. That's what server I'm on.
RT : Christmas is only 75 days away! Book your company's Christmas party today!
Brilliant words from Paris meeting: "#biotech is haute couture not prêt-à-porter" -- keep the quality & brand w
A group called Soul&Lounge got an album called "Bruno Mars" on iTunes. How did they get away w that? WTH?People buy it as Bruno's
It's 4am and I'm sitting in the hotel lobby waiting for the shuttle to the airport. No coffee. I can already tell today is gonna suck.
We are all sold out. Sorry to miss you! You can still visit www.visitbeertown.com to get some of that delicious Beertown taste.
But the Celtics will run into the Heat in the East Finals. Miami was set up well with the Bulls misfortunes.
He's good! I always liked Miles Davis, that's a good number they picked. I also like their name, Cypress Collection.
Thanks for the follow! We'll definitely be keeping an eye out for great travel tips...
Good luck !
Yes beautiful day let spring cleaning begin
Nearest casino.....a little over 200 miles. Appreciate it U.S. Government!!!
RT : if is considered out of shape, Then I too want 2 b out of shape.
If you were wondering bc, its cuz I think you're cute and wonderful :)
Way to hot outside...gotta be at the beach
Very exciting! I love horses-used to have them as a kid and my parents still have them! I really miss them.
fine, make it the graphic novel section! ;)
Highlight of my SPRING BREAK tomorrow, going to watch at club boca!!!!!
Wow! 505 Followers :) You guys are great <3
You know a convert when they call it
I Would Love To (Once A Month ONLY) :) <33
Help us expose needs and opportunities with global market intelligence - accelerating economic prosperity, development, and growth.
You showed me some amazing view source, for a diamond store perhaps? You remember? Source of tronsoundtrack.com reminded me.
I probably should have known, that there really is no use.
I Want Canes !!
Get some soap for Easter baskets this year! We can make custom labels for you - call Jeff 312-320-5862
Tried to pick up a poster that was on the ground. Then found out it was taped to the floor. Awkward.
Stuck in my stubborn ways; shrugs
I will be buried in a spring loaded casket filled with confetti, and a future archeologist will have one awesome day at work.
stranger's backpack accompanied by sunflower seeds and an investments textbook. should've known. where you at?!
you video from 2 weeks ago, about teen mom cyberbully demi? One of the teen moms are in the 16.preg on ep.1 !!!! (;
Surprised about the bad buzz, and curious to hear whether it has the Pixar touch
#war the canadian star linebacker! he just went nuts!
I got plenty of people waiting to start hitting up your followers. Talk to me like a man, don't hide like a woman.
Spent the night organizing project files...Arghhhh!
the fact that you think that is ignorance is ignorant
I hate being so young! :p
There's angels in my town.
What do you believe are the beliefs of effective leaders?
LOVE the design of your ad in San Diego Magazine! Looks great
What up big homie
Thanks for the follow, Wen!
almost got out of her driving lesson with me. Good thing I remembered! Kim, prepare to meet Maximus Prime (my Nissan Maxima)
happy birthday to <3
Still need a reason to call? Students who start Monday are eligible for a #scholarship! Ask Charlene for details! 1-617-603-6942
Tim Duggan Balance social, environmental and economical for a true bottom line.
Having a garage sale today. Working on #Pride stuff tmrw at work with , and the crew. Happy Pride, #CLE!
I like her.. But don't love her at all..
Want megalong lashes? Try this sexy new trick! Layer on a fast- drying mascara, like Giorgio Armani eyes to kill!
The heart always tells on itself....even when we think we hiding it.
Doug points out the missed layup...nevermind the triple double...guess it wasnt needed
Rain looks to roll in after midnight and continue till around noon tomorrow. Expect .25-.5 in. Low 58 tonight.
Just wait for me till summers over......
I'm bringing sexy back..
I suspect that even a storm-tossed sea is less fickle than the general public. The general public changes their collective minds OFTEN.....
yes, write like an optimized version of but customize it for your industry and also make sure it is social
followed :D just tell her to follow back !
Trying to wein my self of add meds let's see how this goes
The Goose is loose tonight! Celebrate #Humpday with $5 Grey Goose cocktails.
No way! I'm having a screening in my living room by myself right now!
Love is grand... divorce is a hundred grand!
Reservoir Dogs, another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic. Get your tickets early.
I haz iPad. I don't knose what I r doing
: We don't want Thibs fired. Don't want him to change. But we do want him to learn. Learn from this and go on.
#portlandmodel here to model for you :)
Congrats Mike! You've come along way since I saw you speak in a PHX restaurant four yrs ago!
Thanks for the shout out. Im glad you enjoy it! Welcome to the Ficellenian club!
totally! (: any drama at your school??
Just saw a screening of footloose thanks close 2nd to the original
Someone please play softball with us tonight!
u said big meet and i said untill that lucky girl comes we will never know if its big not tryin to b a perv or nothin im js
I think i died a little inside when i called y100 miami and the user was busy.
' He say I dnt tweet about him so I'm working on it!
I did tho
It's a beautiful night for a patio and $1 Lone Star. Stop by Cecils tonight and enjoy both!
Thanks for the L20 Voucher, the next time I'm on that side of the Pond I'm going to use it!LOL
good night love ya boo! Hope you see this xoxo
How can you be someones best friend and not have them on twitter?
544 miles was my total driving distance this weekend. Totally worth it though.
"Dad can I ask you something?"- Lisa "Sure what's troubling you my son... I mean my girl son?"- Homer
Watching my husband play with his niece and nephew in the yard.... My heart may explode
It finally snowed!!
Bring it day. I'm ready.
Bout to make a bucket list
Lol I'm stupid.
Do you know any experienced bartenders (w craft cocktails) or servers looking for a new J.O.B.?? is hiring!...
": As I see no one wants to get embarrassed in 2k ? Lol #realtalk tho" I hear you barking, but I don't see you stepping up
hope and the crew are enjoying it :)
hehe I love that stuff so much girl, I haven't had any in a really long time though. Bring me some :)
Hey Tweeps, FYI: I'll be sharing *value* w/ LIVE tweeting from in #ATL today and tomorrow.
Now to decide what to grill out for dinner.
We're shooting a new Mortgage Minute today! Look for the next edition next week!
Listened to XMPR segment on vuvuzelas, the noise makers at #worldcup soccer matches in South Africa, while driving to the PIT airport.
Today is what watching baseball is all about. Go Rays
Visiting my brother at Purdue :)
OH at SG : Wait, isn't that like an old Hymn... No wait, that was Bob Dylan.
16 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs. Contact $299.
That's funny!
“: Does anyone in Greenville want to go to the and show w/ me Thursday?" takers?
Love you, Richard!
See you there!! RT The details are coming together for the #WestinWeddings Bridal Showcase this Sunday - so exciting!!
From everyone we want to say hi to our new twitter, facebook and myspoace friends
There you go! One you can't see since it's locked - That's the "special one" : )
Nice one Captain Obvious. You're welcome, Sergeant Sarcasm! Indeed, Comrade Comeback.Thank you, Senior Smartass. Anytime, Dictator Dickhead.
Crazy day trying to get ready for four presentations between #sec12 and #stc12. Leave tomorrow AM for both!
REAL WOMEN shouldn't worry about being a DIME.... cause REAL MEN don't like to carry CHANGE!!
I would like that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
it was a Day time party,we are having Mothers day dinner at my house if you wanna come pass my nigg btw where those grapes at <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Look at this funny video I found of you! : MEANS - A: Virus or B: Im stalking you and saw you do something funny so i recorded it bro.
Breakfast for lunch.
Get my take on #MayweatherCotto PPV event on May 5.
it's pretty awesome - get ready!
We both hope everyone had a wonderful ThanksGiving!!! xo
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU
just listening to music and on like 5 diffrent social networoks lol
Not sure how I feel about this Greek yogurt.
How do you update twitter so much and trade so fast??
lets be bff :D
iOS backups, temp space while transcoding audio, and other as yet unidentified files keep eating all available disk space.
When is a synth note done playing? When the note, the ADSR, and all the effects have processed their tails...
just in time for Thanksgiving family fun. That's crazy, Helen!
Dear motivation please show up today, I have no motivation today. Maybe bcos of the weather!
that pic was in south Nashville-outside my house
nice to see you on Twitter, David - thanks for your coverage of the #PDX culture + arts cmty!
welcome home!
Already tweeted some of my fellow harvick fan followers to help spread the word buddy. \m/ 29 \m/
we glad you enjoyed it! : "Fantastic 5 course chef's tasting menu w/wine flight tonight"
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life. ~Beethoven
Alright, we're ready for a commercial. The beer fridge is in the other room.
I know about that #IcanRelate >> RT : Another day, another dollar. Oh, and the freezing temperatures of the Midwest
Did hair , and did it too good ! out did myself
sorry! We left and thought you were behind us, then waited...where did you go!?
alendaring, I prefer the Blackberry.
in a bed of snow every snowflake belongs and every snowflake is unique....
I'm learning some Portuguese for my trip to Cape Town. #don'task
whenn my babe says were gonna celebrate 2 days because we didnt remember our date >> lmfaoo :)
Awesome! I've heard it's beautiful there :) Suerte!
More renovated units are coming out March 9th!! Make sure to stop by and see what they offer!
#MoreFemalesShould stop playing stupid or cute while falling for ASSHOLES then feeling like SHIT afterwards.
I know right? needs to come too!
Thank You to all #Volunteers who have served with our ReStore. 30,000 hours logged this past year! YOU ROCK
best show gets best guest star
Making Mexican jokes should be illegal.
Two More Days of Class. Im So Excited.
He was adopted and tainted our family's and my father's good name. A horrible human being...
I haven't been a looper since I did for the Dali Lama
Goodnight everyone hugs :-)
I think the Packers will put him on the PUP list and wait till week 6 to go the route
Food Fact of the Day: April 14, 1927 Clarence Birdseye of Massachusetts received a U.K. patent for frozen fish fingers.
That shit makes my blood boil when somebody include me in they lie
Great weekend
Dinah Lenney - Did my father have to die to be the person I would become
congrats on 10th region championship...kids bought in n earned it
i just found out a very good musician friend died in Chicago today. I'm stunned. just shaking.
Uh, NC? God never got married. Suspicious?
are you in San Diego for Halloweener? What are you going to be? miss you #sister!
where n the hell u goin
#FF I hope we play sometime, little bass girl. nice to meet you. C u in july!
A new Outdoor Living Company is launching a new website on Monday! Welcome to Elements of Charlotte!
It appears to be Adam Ross,
Next is Jennifer on appetizers, small bites for brief 1L teaching.
Off to the Poisoned Pen tonight to interview Cara Hoffman, author of So Much Pretty (Simon & Schuster)
eventually everything and everyone will fall apart.
Happy Mom's Day!
Jealous because they can't be in your position.
So much for that nap
First day to cheer without my brace! Hopefully My foot will survive the tumbling!!!
You know Valana Minerals is available on Kirby? Stop by n tell 'em u luv Valana Minerals!
#whitepeoplehobbies...beer pong and soccer, #blackpeoplehobbies...selling crack and robbing liquor stores...
Because of last week's power outage, all CWSL refrigerators will be emptied Monday night. Per policy, all containers will be discarded.
RT : Loved Tree of Life. Difficult, beautiful, ambitious, brilliant. Liked Drive a lot. Thought Warrior underrated.
#notgonnalie I'm a little bit white girl wasted.
Asik & Watson the most hated ppl in Chicago now
Book of Mormon last night, Hunger Games, Doritos tacos, rehearsal, and beautiful weather. It's been a great 24 hours.
I'm free after work 5:30.
": “: When girls say "finna"..... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” when anyone says "finna" bc its not a fucking word" this
we're here now! !! Come down.
Does this mean the walk-off Pie tradition is completely over?
Downtown Miami Riverwalk Festival and Boat Parade,Nov 12, 10AM-4PM - stay tuned for further details soon www.miamiriverwalkfestival.com
Tonight on 10 tips for last min. holiday shoppers and another round of winter is coming our way!
and then we meet 1ce a month for a mom's night out. I'm focusing on the emotional difficulties of FA's as a mom
Yay for insomnia!
yo just caught your new video....loved it....and yes you need a camera man!! lol j/k....if you need help let me know
if you'd like to have fun, there is a party at Minnna Gallery on 24th. check this out!
Just a shout out to all you Twitterers...thanks so much for keeping us updated - feels like I am there. Brrr ;-)
It's been kind of wintery lately...good weather to curl up with a book. Any suggestions?
All writing is done for the next album now for the hard part Who's serious about recording?
Thanks to the for the follow. Contrat's on your grand opening!
Other #lesmisindy perfs going as scheduled. I'm on Butler campus now, heading home, & there are a gazillion cars in the lot, so yay!
that's cool!
Everytime I see a car chase on TV I expect a Michael Weston narration and am disappointed there is not one.
how long will you be there? That's not too far from me!
or Panic its alec
Lol.. RT : why u don't himmie up nomoe? Kinda sad. Gave u my 5,000th tweet and everything
Dear God...that should be illegal..
Get your popcorn and soda ready, DealShow starts in 5 minutes! www.dealshow.com
Thanks!! It's been a fantastic day indeed!!
Get 'em next year /:
Congrats! RT : I've accepted a position at Eastern Oregon University teaching a freshman intro course. I'm excited!
Dear Bus Driver, please kick Homeless Man off the bus. I don't mean to be rude, but he rly needs to take the next bus so he can dry out
Finally made the switch at work. At this rate I am on target to never touch a PC again!
My grandfather played pro football before the NFL - leather helmets and very few pads. my grandpa was a badass
#i4cp2011 i4cp data indicates #HR "driving change mgt" shows highest positive correlation to an org's market performance.
I always wake up at 6am, always.
- Same here! Gotta thank networks like #ESPN, #MSG, #BigTen, - Great time and future for womens sports
OMG LMFAOO!!!! RT : Your dumbass is still waiting on me to reply.
Hey Gregg. How are you? Hope all is well. would love to catch up over coffee sometime. Let me know.
Jack Valentie likend the VCR to the Boston Strangler, not Jack the Ripper. But great talk! Everyone should send this to their rep.
Saturday night, at either 7 or 8pm depending on the Lakers/Nuggets game going on right now
Love is a leap - I was never inspired to jump.
I'm the opposite - haven't had their Pinot yet,but I'm sure I will since I joined their club.Love the Santa Lucia Highlands!
Prelims on , yeah
Going to get my stitches out today - can't wait to hear about the crazy things I said during brain surgery.
Mikey just reminded me about the relay for life walk from 6pm-12am , damn i forgot to tell my mom to drop me off!!!!!!!!
“: Von Miller is already our best player on Defense.”
It just doesn't make any sense!
I think I'm in shock watching Dancin on Air lol
The Real world: there has bin a war goin on for years were thousads of people r needed.. C.O.D world: a couple of guys take on a whole army
Abracadabra originated from the ancient Aramaic language and means "I create as I speak." Today, I remind myself that my words are magical.
Any graphic designers out there looking to help out a struggling art gallery? I need a logo designed asap....
Learn the difference in the coils in your bed Smart response vs. classic coil: 11% better motion separation with Smart Response coil.
recollections reflect worn tales my mock self tells me polish the mirror
Some days have bouncers and won't let you in
Are you in RKy or Louisville?
I do NOT understand the whole "here's my cell number, call me maybe" obsession...don't even understand isn't it a stupid teeny bopper song?
Today we earned the name Mass-holes.
#socialmedia way to go Thanks for the info.
People need to stop talking to me about teenage pregnancy. I CAN'T GET PREGNANT!
Not a fan on sac bunts on pitchers who are not pitching well
hey hannah!!!
Six days to go for opening night. The view is going to be great from section 308 Row 2 at the new stadium with dad.
“: karleeelovesyou Me too!! Ask yo momma :)” I'ma be with my dad, & I'm on his not so good side right now.. -_-
Yes! Thanks :) RT "Companies are finding new ways to bake fixing American education into their corporate DNA." Think
My friend just asked me "Karina what would u say if I die"? Me: I would say "one less bitch on this world" #nojoke hahha
transformation is still going....
just saw "wild ones" by on youtube. can i like marry you guys. so perfect.
students: What's your favorite place in #Doral to hang out before/between classes?
no. Im nt. i hve a boyfriend. And im not a cheater.
I know it was october of '03
Mint chocolate chip shakes
Had to delete the video. Glad i could entertain you blood thirsty foos though!
bitch! Get your lazy ass outta bed!?
happy birthday!!!
Mickey dees for dinner.
Apple store is currently down. The Lion is being unleashed!
Mayor to #RocYPs: We want u to go to all the places in our city where you can have fun...Enjoy the city
Question: Who Freakin watches a show about being in Jail??? HUH???
Have a wonderful weekend.
What if she starts crying?
Wilson is a stud. Height is NO issue. Worked behind huge linemen here - no problem at all.
apparently was good, but I'm hypercritical about my performances. Video? to follow h/t 4 song choice ;p
You have chosen a PRIME TIME to comeback!
Never say goodbye to someone you love
#EricCantor publicly stated that the #auto industry should die in 2008.
Duuuuudddeee take me with you next time you go there the observatory is my FAVE
Your no one until, someone finds you
RT Considering how often Jedi's drop their light sabre's you think they would use a lanyard. {#brilliant}
Sometimes we have our demons. Right now mine are brewing. I'm trying my best to beat them away. Sometimes it's hard.
Is the "search" function search.twitter.com?
let's go! LAVA in broad ripple!
Not really tired but I'm gonna lay down and read until I fall asleep. Gotta work tomorrow.
Why are people still waiting on Jesus's resurrection? He's been here for the past 24 years.
": #winterfest Wheat, Amber, Brown, Stout, IPA, Gingerbread, Muletide, Sin Bin and Sweet Georgia Brown Java! #indianabeer"
Why yes, I *will* crowdsource the part of DnD where I'm weakest. But I'm still doing puzzle/combat//plot development on my own. For now...
"Finding ways to engage your faculty will take your #1to1tech program to the next level. It's important to think ahead & encourage them"
Life is like a camera lens. Focus only on what’s important & you’ll capture it perfectly.
Overpriced crappy hotels in Green Bay are pretty awesome when you're here to watch a playoff game at Lambeau Field!!
Im super clumsy...dropped the soap in the shower stepped on it n fell.
What if we just hit our open jumpers...
But us fellas tend to give a pass to females to say any out of pocket bullshit they want, so long as they look like an easy lay in their avi
can't wait to see you guys there! Go Mets!!
you would have enjoyed seeing me park lol
I am headed to Guangzhou!! So excited for the shopping! suggestions for purchases?
Theodore Lyketsos (COL'15 ) will share The Impediment to a Meaningful Dialogue Between Science & Religion
it won't open for me. My shit is broken
i just read "about me" section - wow, almost as bad as
supporting you all the way!
Ah I'm still upset that step boyz went home :'(
Bout Makin Bread
Son of a bitch, Hermain Cain dropped out. What did the people in the crowd think he was going to say??
Our August Specials are up! Head-to-Toe Express Facial, Mani & Pedi for only $60, save $20. And great deals on Arasys too! Call 617-227-5499
Just found out there is a Wilson Phillips reality show. Sadly, it is on TV Guide Network, which AT&T U-Verse doesn't carry. Torrents?
i gotta do this shit all over again....
Can't wait to get my Elna sewing machine back this weekend!! Hoping it will run like new and be all lint-free!
The news cycle moves so fast in 2012, I predict the next trend in journalism will be reporters guessing what next week's news will be.
just caught 1/2. Seems to have promise
Not one person can say Lebron James doesnt deserve MVP
This world revolves around assholes!
While everyone is talking about the grizzles, prom, and the act.. I'm missing my dog like crazy and wishing I could go home and cuddle.
I just landed at Midway. Taking taxi to downtown for hotel and meetings tonight and tomorrow.
outside is randomly littered with furry pools of feral cats.
aha aight..do u have a fone.?.
haha....ok, well fine. Do you always follow Mom's orders? Gotta respect that unwavering faith!
Is. This. Real. Life.
ugh I hate woopi. She was doing a reading at nyu, completely unprepared and just riding on her fame.
Ive reheated my tea 4 times today and i keep forgeting to drink it
yep. You should write a book. With 140 character chapters or tweet dialogues.
Thanks Jay!!
Night and day in 2 hours. Apple Store Lincoln Park listened to me, diagnosed the issue and can fix it.
we will prolly play first
post show strip down. I'm dirty and sweaty and tired and sore.
I hate #WhenYouDont reply my text and keep tweeting and updating your fb status.
who's in the sexy six ? Haha; just wondering (:
you mean north Korea? Not china.
finding my dress and waiting to buy it online so no one nasty ass was in it &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; not being able to find it online...
Need your video's detailed reporting statistics for documentation? Download it! That's how we do it with Oculu!
that show is hilarious!
All these Mahomies saying Austin's big announcement was stupid well it was big news for him. Stop being so selfish. Honestly.
yeah. I was thinking about going to ub maybe. But idk. It's so different from niagara or canisuus
<U+FFFD> Soul-mates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but are always perfect for you. <U+FFFD>
Then what is #beer made of? RT Did you know croutons are made out of dead bread?
yeah bro cuz Os fans are so much better lol
YOU'RE HOT
shut up, Jeremy. Suffocate on a Kroger bag.
Ah School, I really want to go to sleep.
Ground ball to the left side, and that'll get through for a base hit for Harold Reynolds. Tie run comes to the place in John Moses.
that would be much more insulting if you knew how to spell hide
then you want my cousin Katie? bahah
yes! Certain songs make you dance no matter where you are.
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
Opening Night of MilkMilkLemonade !
Everybody follow Awesome Monster!!! follow
I love that song!
liberating to turn to new projects
God damn that #Transamerica commercial -- about that lady's husband dying -- is depressing.
Oh, so you're a wine connoisseur?! Let's see if you can tell which one I've roofied.
they're selling justin's actual hair dna in a necklace in canada. LOL um.. that's not creepy.
Of all the talented actresses out there looking for a break, insufferable rich Atlanta Housewife gets cast on Glee? Un-American
Starving! Lets #eat!?
So today is our last day here at our old spot now who wants to help us move our stuff to are new location after 9pm retweet
A person very close to me lost her baby giving birth in a hospital. Many women don't even have that. That's why we need
check out the new graphic intro.... Time to turn it up a notch....
Someone could introduce some JSON?
good morning!<3 how r u!:)
:) RT : Just saw a bumper sticker in Central NY, thought of you
I want to jump inside my compute :(
Dinner was good hats off to chef... O wait tht was meh lol
I'M SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO YOU!
I need someone to text to keep me awake n this class.
Dreading the moment when I have to awake
He's definitely got the look down :)
thanks so much for asking...I am recovering and excited about everyone's positive feedback. Enjoy your weekend!
If Gov Walker doesn't cave, we're leaving teaching to join at Current TV
Still haven't watched Million Dollar Listing/Psych from this week. Tryna do that when I'm off.
Must be in play offs now
I miss Boshy Bear.
Talia, during a walk this morning: "I trip sometimes, but then I just get right back up and keep doing my thing."
Going to the hockey game tonight!
Don't wait! General election registration deadline is October 8, 2010.
Can't understand why the media isn't all over #JonHuntsman. Articulate, smart . . . fresh ideas.
Dear mom, thank you for teaching me how to hustle at pool and darts. Love kent
Gnocchi is my favorite!
We offer customized moving solutions to best suit your needs. Long Distance Moving Companies Business To Business moves are an ALL IN A BOX
exactly I'm with u on that
okay. :D Well how you wanna do dis? Like meet and stuff so we can?
Hypher we all know what she wants she cannot deny it forever
Have you ever wanted someone so much that you think about them every second and cannot keep them off your mind I have RT if you have #<3her
hh_knee have fun at formal you two! werkk on being the hottest couple there!! #missyoutwo!
Enjoy the weather while it last!!! Come enjoy 1/2 price appetizers and 1/2 price speciality drinks today...
Leadership - It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy.
you got to give #archer a few episodes. Its the best show on tv
they are not to be treated as irrevocable rights.
my parents are broke! Not even kidding:( even tho I want to come
Someone tweet me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks Brian!!
stop sending me one word texts omg
Congrats! Very exciting.
Ahh! Mother's Day is next week and I have NO idea what I'm going to get my mom. Any Suggestions?
Scalia is owned by the Koch Brothers & Corporations - he won't support HRC as it costs insurance companies #
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
that's a fan-base that knows basketball.
i agree, but this is just another in a string of state legislatures getting involved in deciding who has a right to unionize
That's amazing! So I'm free to use liberally and at-will =D
Will do homie !
RT : Mind. Blown. just got our very 1st donation. We haven't even launched yet & we got our first $5!!
How to make people actually watch #Game7? Easy. Start the game in the 9th inning.
My car is cursed. Had it 1.5 yrs and its been rear ended twice, keyed, kicked all down the side, most lights went out, and the brakes r bad.
We'll keep you in mind when they go in to production.
Approval of Upper West Side rezoning plan is victory for small biz & consumers alike. I applaud for helping make plan a reality
Hey bestfriend, you need to text me(:
Neither Wade or James take the last shot. Would never see MJ or Scotty act as decoys. Especially Scotty.
Open government: Transparency, Participation, Collaboration. Effort on the part of bureaucrats to share information
Best thing about - TELEVISED DAY GAMES! Go
Too bad the transporters won't be installed until Tuesday, eh? :)
SUICIDE IS NOT THE ANSWER.
Looking forward to working with you in 2 weeks at your book signing in NYC!
lol - you must be SO excited. tuned it at the end and he was so happy and emotional. Hope it turns his season around!
You must think you're pretty awesome (Given Jada et al) RT : The better person you become, the better person you will attract
Steve Blake straight BALLIN.
My honey works in the yard, while I work in the office..... Life is good!
- that's my point, really.
"You sir, are a douchebag. That's right, a douchebag"
I'm really happy I purchased a heavy bag this week.
I hope the iep goes well today. :) <3
Fellow movie buffs: which is better, Mystic River or Sleepers? Got a debate goin on over here... Lol
here or outta town.?
Check out Stay Killer Design, City In Peril, Convalesce, and Frameworks right NOW!!!!
Obama: We now have Cordray to protect American jobs. I was able to give him this job b/c the Repubs were sitting at home not doing theirs.
Another key to happiness is to realize that no matter what you do, not everyone is going to like you.
only one more day of work this week!!... then the Christmas fun begins.....
Watching Boris Karloff's original version of the "The Grinch who Stole Christmas" and thinking about North Korea w/o Fearless Leader.
It's Friday!!!!! Blessed to have made it through a crazy week! :)
So rad! Congrats.
howdy Partner!
love you both, too!
11.60 shuts down at each attempt to open a library database. The report I send says they can't find a reason. More to look into?
Growing up I was told guys want one thing, sex...liars... it feels like I might have to jump my bf to get him off xbox and into the sack. :/
#Str8LykeDes... Just leave you before asking because you think you know...
Yo I heard that new tweet that your gonna drop tomor is going to be sick!!!!!
Can't beat this weather. Join eli escobar and lloydski tonight at submercer. GET WORK'd
They did show Mark Moses at the end...he was among the dead people watching Susan leave the Lane.
I still don't see your tweet, but I'm glad we ran into each other! Puppy playdates and/or drinks soon!
We tanked nothing for Crosby. We won the lottery. Literally. grew our team instead of NY philosophy to buy a team
Okay I'm hungry. Tim Hortons round 2.
all my followers should go follow :) oh and read her fanfic! <3
Good idea...
I miss you somuch!
I am a model but I would love to start acting!!
Yes, you can go back later and add preconferences and other special ticketed events after you've registered for
:You just left work and they are puttin you to work again!?
Just hanging out with Troy at his dad's show :) I'm not for sure which dress to wear though!
Someone killed Don Cornelius
Happy #ValentinesDay. We hope you spend the day with the ones you love.
Photos from the finals are being uploaded right now!
My mind is my worst enemy.
Interesting video, we must also pay close attention to "Social media" and be authentic in our approach, ours is #die cutting
thanks, pretty exciting stuff!
I hate watching television but i love watching movies.
really :o i'm sorry )': but they are really nice , don't worry at every concert they do meet&greets(:
Success is a relative term. It brings so many relatives.
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
all the good ones are taken
and u got to play madden. Kick ass.
Hot dude + perfect skin + perfect hair + perfect manners + rich + gorgeous eyes + tall + clean fingernails + SINGLE = GAY
man, that would have been sweet. I've been digging heart emerges glistening a lot lately
ur still lame af and i can just ask someone to delete
Found the kid's corner at my gate, and Captain Planet is on!
I guess the Jets sure have the 'nobody believed in us' angle cornered this playoff season.
shhh u hear that
Some message me your draw something username! I'm bored as I wanna draw something!! (:
Tell her to just pass that burden right along to you.
I think my heads about to explode
great show last night guyss ! hope to see you all again soon <3
Watching #SpiritAir dig themselves a deeper and deeper hole is akin to watching the Titanic sink. Boggles the PR mind.
Ballantyne ponders divorce from Charlotte - Charlotte Observer
- when oh when is the Green Route going to start? September maybe?
Attn: #ATSU: Blackboard is down temporarily right now. We are working hard to restore it. Thanks for your patience!
Yoga, contractor meeting, new listing, party, in that order. Enjoy your Saturday!
“: Virgin Airlines is about to let passengers make cell phone calls during flights. Innovative? Or annoying?” Annoying!
Maybe She Don't See Wat iSee In Her
RT : TO BE HONEST, I'M STILL NOT REALLY SURE HOW TO EXPLICATE A POEM.
Now that #nyfw is done, it back to my workout grind
Number two yayyyyyy
Thanks for bringing this story to our attention!
Wow that just blew me. forreal thou?
and her name IS Mary J! youre almost obligated to smoke yo
Inlaws...makes me not as sad about my parents being dead.
Lol thanks doll ": I think . May want to asks real basketball fan tho *shrugs*"
He wasn't the only one running. There was Sullivan. But Abele bought the race and we're paying his bill.
That awkward moment when you really want something, check the price tag, then sadly walk away.
does he skateboard? Do u know?
Wow - excited to be included in this incredible group. Cheers to C-Bus!
Got to get back in the workout routine this week. Have been bad since returning from Mexico.
There is?O: RT : Theres food fair tomorrow? Lol
Yeah, the beagles is doing great, turns out she had some sort of parasite. Sorry to have run off so quickly on Saturday!
Here's a question for Dale: How does he stand that beard inside the helmet? Makes me itch just lookin at it.
Im an hour and something away from by train. Trust I will be in new York every chance I get when I get the chance!!!!
It seems damn near impossible. Only Elsa's has gotten it right lately.
Last day of the Sultan Shindig. About wiped put, though it's been fun. Looking forward to getting back to Isagenix calls!
Those who are faithful know only the trivial side of love; it is the faithless who know love's tragedies.
that's very cool. i'm looking forward to seeing it.
It takes a couple seconds to say Hello, but forever to say Goodbye.
A4 A large % of NFL fans have no idea about the concussion issues & legal action. They just want to watch on Sunday. Money rolls in.
I be glad when my thoughts stop racing. nerves on edge
decided on the Firefly shirt
how do you like TJ Graham being added to the
Going to be a perfect week! I'm stoked. RT The weather is amazing out here here right now!
I luv it! RT : oh! i SO need 2 do P90X! but . . . RT : Had a great workout! #P90x before bed ;-)
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone!!
Cant Wait !!!
People who roll in 3 hours late for no reason, should not be allowed to participate. Volunteer work or not.
Weeping, and shouting through interview. The Truth, FINALLY!!!
hey ladies hope you are all having a good week so far(: today will be the first day I see Blake in weeks!
Hi Tasha: Brilliant work. What you said supports this silver surfer's POV on generational hysteria and how it misses the point.
fuck yo luck, I smoke clovers . ;)
The grass is always greener on the other side. look @ the bigger picture...
We've seen some great submissions from your program. Thanks to the MFA students!
I love surprises! :)
WORDS OF WISDOM: Just because a person "likes" your photos does not mean they "like U!" Applaud the picture w/o apprehending the person!
Who will the #Chiefs take in the 2nd round of the #NFLDraft?
LeBron shut up
almost time for me to go home !!!!!!
Goodbye everyone..i miss laci :(
Raced an Audi in the Blazer..kept up with that bad boy for four seconds
Happy National Gift Return Day!!!
said lerner was the most irrelevant millionaire.
let me check and get back to you. probably sometime in May
I don't know yet. But I'll let you know when I do.
We need a strong outing from DP tomorrow night. Pen needs a night off.
y u saying u miss ezira : O
I'm going to hate myself in the morning
we still have it ;)
So many people use the word "unfair" too much. Quit whining and start doing.
now we're discussing Web Analytics... I miss my last position as Web Analytics Manager for USA.gov. That experience has served me well.
Now, now Ashley, you know Jabril For REAL can be a bit slow on the uptake. Let's give him a bit of slack.... ;)
Monday Monday!!
So excited for tomorrow. Fingies crossed.
have you ever tried pepadew peppers?! they are a blast of spicy sweet heaven. I bet you'd like them.
we should hit a workout my friend , we gonna blow timmons up!
Happy Fathers day to all our rocking dads! Hope you guys have a wonderful day!!!
I usually read "UFC for the Modern Intellectual" on MCTS.
“: ooooohhhhh zinger!!!” Oh snap!
RT : the intro was PRICELESS! LOL cool track. Im savin this one<=== yes! I will email u mp3's
I don't like to call people out but there seems to be a lot of undercover #Heat fans on my timeline...like for example...lol
fashioning blue shield voodoo doll
LA. Cinco de Mayo. Sold out show. Oh snap. Sorry I'm not sorry for partying.
It's crazy that your future husband is walking the Earth, doing something right now. Isn't it also crazy that he might be someone you know?
Tell your mother that your fat ass was all over the bathroom sink, tell her...you whore.
Completely exhausted...and so sick of people :-(
Back at you! Have a great week!
At c conference, comScore's Elise Neel says digital content subs grew 26 pct last year.
If you have an iPhone, check out RAVN Events. Free app that helps you find killer events / things to do in SF. Brand new!
RT : Put passion and sincere care into the work you do, and the results can be astounding.
#Aries, #Leo, and #Sagittarius thrive on adventure and adrenalin rushes, so they don’t mind a walk on the wild side.
I'm of course going to have an issue sleeping on the day with one less hour to sleep. lol
Antoine Dodson committed to Ohio State?
My Tinkerbell received a clean bill of health and my bedding meltdown has resulted in a successful purchase!!!
Its time for all the children of Africa to stand up do not make American Mistakes and do not try to make us out to be terrorists FREE EGYPT!
nothin much how ya been? Long time we havent talked :o
"I don't make love by kissing, I make love by #dancing."~Fred Astaire
CANCER sucks! Just sayin.....
hey! I'm doing well, thanks. That's cool you're coming here! What for? I'd totally be down to meet up!
I talk to only like 2 people in my westest group. /:
. explains his contentious piece in CJR as effort to prop up certain nodes of communication amidst vast sea change
Forced 2 watch a Real Housewives of NYC Marathon.Wishing I was watching Rams vs Giants. How bored am I that I'd rather b watching that game?
great show on Friday at the Discovery Den! #PandoraATX Now if only you all were on Spotify US :(
Drove by the birthday party at Aragon and it was nuts, but didn't expect to see security extend all the way to Montrose beach!
The LA Business Journal hosted its first Asian Business Awards for 300 attendees. The 7/26 edition will have profiles on the winners.
figured it out, looks like you need to be following me for me to DM you
Get it all day/night ma!
Its been a whole lotta fun the past 3 years with you, iPhone. But now Android is my new BFF! ;)
Vanilla yogurt with a teaspoon of peanut butter mixed into the cup is a very healthy snack to pick you up late afternoon!
I wonder if i really start designing sneaker shirts would people wear them, a lot of the shirts be in store, be weak forreal
nothing's wrong atm
Use what talent you possess:/ the woods would be very silent/ if no birds sang except those that sang best. -Henry Van Dyke
Used Lynda.com today to "facilitate" a Keynote workshop... interesting blended learning mashup of sorts.
white people turn 21 when they turn 13 lol
Drinking an Atwater Block Cherry Stout. Blah.
hurry And get me another one hah
American experience on hulu has me consumed.. in 3 days I will be smarter than all you bitches...
Did you know that you can't make a straight without having a 5or a 10?
Thanks for the follow. My event planning services are free for the next two months as I am building my portfolio.
Keep your muscles loose with routine massage therapy and daily stretching. Great way to stay pain free!
At the end of a, per usual, jampacked day...
I'll be back for APHA at SFO this fall , let's devirtualize then :)
maybe I need to start It's always sumthing lol
ha! Didn't even notice
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Can't wait to have you stay with us. Anything in particular you're looking forward to doing?
RHT is seeking Technical Recruiters for exciting internal opportunities. Contact me at to learn more!
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom.
I know I'm desperate when I make a 7am chiropractor appointment. Sheesh.
Thanks for doing your part by recycling your leftover paint!
there was a man, from a distant land, he couldn't dance, no he couldn't dance
#nowplaying stronger-kelly clarkson
COURTNEY! i really dont understand what im supposed to be doing? hmm mebbe ill just tweet random crap
happy birthday ! (:
The little girl is like "Ahaha I dont care about Greyson, I'm too busy posing cutely for the camera!" XD
El-Tayeb on Euro-based activism that draws attention to the queer time and space that queers of color are located in.
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
was hoping this was about the nude translating
"Guess How Much I Love You" really isn't the same when you read aloud Little Brown Nut Hair instead of Little Nutbrown Hare
Can you believe that didn't know that a Klondike bar was ice cream.
I'm so afraid :(
ooh yeah thumbs up to gucci.. he goes hard.
i got a stupid nightbrace :( - eugene
OK is there an iPhone app for twitter? can't seem to find it!
yes sloop ready can't wait we gonna party...........
just caught the end of it
why am i losing followers tho :-////
In the eyes of God you are a soldier.
Don’t blame others for your problems. Take ownership of them and with God’s help, defeat them.
Always such a delight to work with #Prada. Who is this devil they speak of?
OK. Sit down, enter the Internet. Dumb.
shears shears shears shears! aaahhhhhh! i got the goodness!
Going to prom tonight - 1st prom since 1993! Much less exciting now, and no pre-prom photo shoot.
Happy Easter All!
I'm not a journalist, I'm a fan. I don't spend every moment on twitter, therefor I may behind your curve.
RT : Hey Until you apologize for your support of Citizens United, you won't get a dime from this household.
;p lol alexis i knew who this was.lol. i was just playin with u
yea i remember that u rat bastard lol
because she said he's changed and just uses his fans for followers!!! WTF!?!?!?!!! THAT'S BS!!!
I didn't even realize hoe much home work I have!
Headin to the studio. Tryin to finish up the album
thanks man. do you bike or mostly transit? atlanta has crazy sprawl.
work is always boring
Orlando Magic are like the girl who everyone tells her her man is cheating and she just keeps denying it...get over it
Blazing it with Steph, Eric & Jr c:
Whatever happened to being here forever, it wasn't suppose to be a temporary stay.
a good place to ride is upstate ny, most call it tug hill lots of well groomed trails
Alice: This is Impossible. The Mad Hatter: Only if you think it is.
WE LOVE YOU! Miranda Nicole is the best act in Atlanta! She performed at the first Gymanimals charity ever! <3
i mean you won the contest?
Agreed. Extremely cute, but *my* feet hurt just looking at them.
Not really good it's cold and it's raining :/ and by you?:)
Oriental Express is so good
I can't stop laughing at a glittery Stanley Fish.
#'s are for Twitter, it's #annoying when you see people using them on other sites.
Second chances they don't ever matter, people never change. Once a whore you're nothing more, I'm sorry, that'll never change.
It is Kentucky after all RT : A girl in the Kentucky student section is holding up a CBS sign: "Couches Burning Soon."
thanks both - no baby yet :) she's taking her time.
New overtime rules.
Barely slept after 13 hours of pushing around hex-nuts...about to head back to the studio to do another 12 hours!!!
Back home & back to work, but I sure do miss my family.
: I consider them people w/o a soul; successful "products" of our ultra-material world. Congrats to marketing/advert execs!
A recent turn of events has me feeling like a teenager again. In that nervous, hopeful, doubtful, scary type of way.
Its raining and humid, and middle schoolers are still riding bikes
I wanna learn to skate again..used to be a lowkey passion like basketball was to me
No luck getting it back?
So much fun at the hofstra telethon Saturday and Sunday!
I wasnt that drunk ? dude you were asking my grandmother if she was a Virgin .
Sneezing before your mascara is completely dry = big, fantastic mess
This kid Austin who sits at my lunch table is super duper fucking cute! sadly, he wasnt there today... but i saw him this morning :s
#fireiceexhibit Pop culture hurts facts but preserves the story. History is always legendized via story telling. Cool exhibit!
I LOVE HOW IM NOT EVEN CONSIDERED xD hahha :p
will we eat animals on the new earth? If #Jesus hadn't eaten that fish in Luke 24, no for sure. Still, #vegetarian eternity seems right.
yes indeed. yippee!
eating lasagna , or however you spell it lol,and i realized i now gained a few more followers now i only need 8 until 900 THX!
Tbh i cant connect with anyone ....Idk ...could be a drunk tweet
Hearing Skyscraper.. LOVE THIS SING<3
Thornton hits his fourth three to put Sparty up 15.
head to new orleans to shoot a reality showit about giving kids who where athletes got in trouble in college a 2nd chance Road to ReDemption
I don't know any dope smokers who have not given me plenty of other reasons not to have any use for them.
I always eat food off the floor. I have like a two minute rule lol
Sick. Watching #United93 I hate Al-Qaeda
Just guessing here, but I'm thinking the unemployed guy paying $4/gallon for gas may not be swayed by Obama doing comedy bits on Fallon.
u probably wish every place had a Tim Horton's haha.....plz follow and retweet me....it would mean the world to me if u did
happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. time to party! everyone be safe
Excited for my niece's first Easter this weekend :) the innocence of children and the magic they see in the world inspires me
Most of the shadows of this life are caused by our standing in our own sunshine.
I'm a scofflaw! So sue me!
#IAFF2903 two...the Citizens of Lacey zero
come hang out with us in NYC
How many types of sexual relations can you name? Check your answers at mdih.co as we enlist them all.
New flavor-- All you need is love. Get some with vanilla and berry swirl
yeah that's the best weekend for me as well. So let's plan for 11-19-11and we can workout the time and place.
That's how you play!!!
Chef Sam is creating an "O So Comforting" Meatloaf and Mash Potato Feature this evening...You won't want to miss out on this!!!
ha ha!
#ROC #recruiters & #HR: Over 90% of vendors @ our last Career Fair likely/very likely to recommend attending our next one! Next is on 5/16!
im still looking for some by good writers..i will def let u know when i come accross some :)
Interesting to the grp that the first person to die in the play is a baby. Signifies plague can hit anyone?
so I'm a bitch to you now....ohh and I should just leave you alone cuz your 'single' finee
needs 1000 more followers, before they release "Break Yo Back" feat !!
so, where is my bottle?
I feel like I'm bout to fall off my bed..
Commenter hasn't been able to stop thinking about race since she entered #AAS3rdCentury ; we *all* must think about ethics of digitizing.
Your 140-charac reviews of the ipad2 could at least make some sense. Ending with "the." ??! Come on!
#writing #writers I'm reading the best book: Write Like the Masters by William Cane
I reported for spam and now he can't follow me. Nobody tell him what I'm saying!
we have a keg of waiting for whatever kicks next
And I ran out of data.
I wish. I need it. Will have to settle for hanging on on Saturday. Can't hardly wait.
Jesus, and I thought "What A Wonderful World" couldnt get any more depressing.
And thus influential. Because do you know anyone else who doesn't have intense pro- or anti-Banff opinions?
- AMEN! I work with homeless kids all the time and every day I am grateful for my Mom and her strength! xo
We need JD Drew back
My followers are any lover
Think its time to make dinner.
Do we have any exceptionally talented artists in our Twitter network?! Hit us up :)
beautiful book authors
#ShopDSE Today @ DSE..."The Renovation Sale: Extended"...Everything In-Store 50% Off...Open Till 4pm.
He shared the latter title with his co-emperor and superior, Diocletian, whose political brain complemented Maximian's military brawn
#sxswi lesson #1 get to session VERY early!
Can't sleep! Got too much on my mind!
Housley "IETF is successful when participants care about the problem and represent all stakeholders"
hey guys whats up
you'll never know the bad shit that didn't happen because people worked hard to make it that way
Confusing is not fun. What confusions are you running into?
#whatmakesyoubeautiful <3 this made me smile!
A delayed thanks to my recent followers. 100th follower gets a copy of both Matador albums (matadorband.com). Sweet.
From Oz: St Pats Specials are: Pistachio Creme Brule, "Thick" Mint Cookies and Mint Chocolate Chip Macarons.
Off for drinks and dimsum with the #SocialDriver team!
he said yes- its like in vitro rare but possible. Theres a mental illness where women feel pregnant & get the symptoms but arent
which moviiee ???! :D
Bwhahahah.. sorry that just made me giggle.. really loud. RT : Um...Lightning down?
whole heartedly agree. in fact, now i'm hungry for some.
ANY ACTIVITES THAT DONT MENTION MUSIC AND MONEY IS BULLSHIT.
My go to insult for the month of February: "you fucking pinhead." Gonna use it at least twice tomorrow and more throughout the weekend.
Lmao RT : I need to have a baby with a chick black as soy sauce so my son will be dark skin. light skin niggas be too soft
(AP) -- Minnesota House approves $975M Vikings stadium, but with big hike in team's share.
Would it be bad to get 1 of each? MT Fri soups Corn-Crab/Creamy Spinach/TexMex or Turkey Chili/Tarragon Mushroom/Spanish Rice
Health is a matter of choice, not a mystery of chance. Don't hope or wish for good health, choose it!
Once I thought I was getting chased by carrots with machetes xD
What did you eat this weekend?
This weekend >>>>>
Gotta be at work at 4:30 in the morning on Saturday.. #monneeyyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Kat is so stupid. Kim had to "backstab" someone ... she's in an alliance with everyone!
School < Sleep
Everyone turn it to CBS and watch my cousin on SURVIVOR!!!
I will!! I'm somewhere up top. I'll check in with you there...maybe we meet up for a"We're gonna kick Coyotes Ass" pic?! ;-)
I've been watching the birds, some predator, some prey. All seem to fend for themselves without $. What's our problem?
Made it through the first day of Session. Lots happening in the #OregonLegislature in such a short period of time. Here we go!
hehe. Ahh I'm so calm and in peace. If only you knew!
I'm always curious about how many people worked on something like, say, the new Gmail design. 5? 20? 1? I have no idea.
You can live BOLD without living LOUD.
So please forgive me. I really miss you a lot and I want to be close again.
Ann special guest <U+2665> RT : Time to hit up - FoodTruck with
That's it? Mark Whiten had 12 RBI when he hit 4 HR
No office hours for champions.
Right Thru Me is good. It proves Nicki Minaj isn't crazy and retarded.
I hope to see you at #blogpaws! We're working out our schedule. I'm a busy dude, you know.
Y'all need to stop DMing me about new Smirnoff screwdriver beverage. Lol
Rumors at one time surrounded the house's affiliation with Rosicrucianism - sound interesting? Hop on a house tour Saturday between 11-2!
“Work hard and become a leader; be lazy and never succeed. (Proverbs 12:24)”
Much love, brother. <3
New years with :)
I wish I could have a day with my girlfriend. Cherish every moment you get with your loved one.
Man Im so ready to get off i might jump in the river and swim to the bank
then you'd better START flirting with me instead! :-P
my emotions are heightened, get off me.
Someday will play and it will be INCREDIBLE
We're out signing paperwork for Mom's new place! Yay! Barq's (our Cairn Terrier) has a broken toe. Boo!
yeah I know. Haha.
GO RAVENS!
: I tried to throw the internet out the window today… Didn't work. It was already out there… In the air.
gotta get my Ls back
Dick Clark died the other day. We can no longer ring in the new years... well played Mayans!
where have YOU been sir ?
Giants have to be considered a very live underdog at plus +4 or so points in SB
I'm always honored when awesome tweeps like enjoy my milky-ness!! Thank you for the ToTD!! Much appreciated Kevin!!
Hope you have great writing night. Thank you for dark chocolate - am saving it for writing in Vegas. "It's good for you!"
I thought I'd be more clever tonight than I was.
THAT GROWN MAN SH%T ON DECK MAD BUTTON DOWNS 10DEEP KID ROBOT STUSSY PLAY CLOTHS & ROCK SMITH !! WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes
At home...jonesing for some coffee
Adizero crazy light 2s come out may 24th. That when ill get the pair like baylor wore in the tourney!
where at?
Watching all the pieces come together ..... oh it's a magical feeling! Hard work and determination pays off!
The games are afoot!
I am out by the pool!
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose. Don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
Cant wait to see the premier of Big Brother 11 tomorrow night-unfornatually I'll be at the ballpark watching my son play 4 the championship
lol okay I'll tell her
Just heard an amazing speech from Amazing brother doing great things for future generations of black leadership.
friend asked me, "how's your love life?" shook my head so she said, "what about that kid from twitter you love?!" omg ha :)
I've proposed it as a " Birds of a Feather" session at NECC, so we'll see if it gets accepted. TX would be great, too
NEW STORE ALERT! We're proud to welcome into our cashback online shopping mall! Let your friends know!
I do believe the concept for klouchebag was originally ours, amIrite? Whoops there goes 10 grammar points...
hey cousin
They'll be popping the champagne for Josh Hamilton tonight. Oh wait. Never mind.
I'm having a hard time convincing myself that replacing my windshield is more important than buying an iPhone.
The robots.txt methods are now in testing
Reminder to Mark Your Calendar Dept.: MT : Performs at Rose Inn- Indiana PA April 28th! 10 PM! ...
Just bought myself the most amazing Italian leather purse #addicted #needmoreleather can't resist the smell
Trying out echofon for iPhone....thoughts anyone?
- Hey buddy, thanks for the follow. How is Oman?
We gone be here till the morning. I got a thang for ya.
Happy b-day and congrats, Patrick!
The St.Anger album is badass...but that snare....rdhesijodfvijbug. no.
Anxiously awaiting the arrival of my first son...The countdown begins.
I swear I am never spending $10 at McDonald's ever again.
re: usability testing I'm guilty of it. With 140 character limit I sometimes take shortcut !
yeah someone had to say it!
definitely bright & sunny!
It's Friday, kiddies...what are we gonna do today?
Henderson seems good but blew it for me when she started to list her accolades. She does focus on the citizens well.
DC bound
Heading over to to join girls on air for Feb. issue previews. Gonna debut purse for power of the purse!
Excellent! Very small world. Absolutely -- Go Bills!
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness. ~ Confucius
You wanna go, bro?! RT : shut up jerk
First practice this Wednesday from 6-7 on the parade grounds
On the way to PMG Studios to record a track with !!
I can smell the patchouli and compost from here
Q, morning, just sent you a email.
Ive been watching it from the start, excellent show!!!
Today in 1960 Roy Orbison was at No.2. with "Only the Lonely" recorded it himself after being turned down by Elvis & Everley Brothers.
Bunting with your #3 hitter usually turns out well.
In the studio with what's good Play some Trillogy on your show
OK, next year it's the cast of #Parenthood accepting for ensemble, right?
Hey #heat fans its the #nba #playoffs you may want to be in your seat for the start of the game, smh
MasterCard exec tells it has launched safe, simple #mobile payments from smartphones. Would you use a phone to buy stuff?
my moms close friends nephew plays on the Spurs wtf she never told me thiss lol
why are you tweeting right now?? Stfu
Maybe the "sham city" is legal, but it is undemocratic and unfair. People want to elect a Mayor.
he's always dressed that way..........
girl who said that????
How many times has endy been up tonight? Feels like at least 8
I love the sound of thunder
Go #Blue!
Wow I'm in a good mood but super unmotivated today
Good to hear the is not going to wait for #AGvHT to conclude before working on §108
This bus driver sucks at driving. I feel like I'm going to be sick.
ill be your body guard. I have 5 months worth of muay thai experience and very limited knowlegde of jui jitsu
oh it's may. guess i should feel lusty.
How is everyone's Sunday?
It's hard to know for sure. That is for sure!
we def need to catch up soon and get together
Austin's mom reaching out means alot
GET YOUR ASS ON TWITTER RIGHT NOW YOUNG LADY!!!!!!! p.s.i know where you live\ p.p.s. call me
tomorrow! Can't wait to see you lil wayne!
Happy Belated Birthday Hun... Sorry Im Late
How great is our God?
BUT WHEN IM LOOKING AT YOU!!
Oh gawd that looks tasty :)
Hey, did CMAC use Bowery Presents to book this year?
best movie ever !
HEYY GUYS!! PLEASE help me out by following my other account !!<U+30C4> PLEEEAASE!! I follow back!<U+062A>
Everything that I do, girl you know i do it for you <3
majority based voting at the #CPD2012??? Truly outrages and sets bad, horrible precedence. Stop the
Asap Esther im missing you
I think this is where G+ shot itself in the foot with it's "real name" policy. Opinions?
sad you couldn't play today.
Happy Easter
Truly when it's reported that the #RunAwayTowTruck was listening to
Can go to the Broncos too?
In Soviet Russia, car shine you.
With any part you play, there is a certain amount of yourself in it. Otherwise it's just not acting. It's lying. ~Johnny Depp
How was therapy ?
Yessir. She's an amazing talent and a beautiful person.
aww you are so SWEET!
RT : #runchat if anyone needs running gear let me know. i can normally get good deals with the affiliates i have.
HYBRID VEHICLE!
U should be doing interviews tonight, Anik looks nervous handling both. Honestly, Anik would be better on color, w/new PBP
“ I dont need no lock on my fone cuz once im in a relationship. Nobodyy bt her texts,pics, number, calls gone be in my fone.”
No. Why r you asking me. I haven't seen him. I haven't seen any rabbits anywhere. I would not eat a rabbit. Don't ask me any more questions.
we're at 367 Alhambra Circle in Coral Gables.
Thanks for the follow!
thanks girl! :)
great morning for a quick bike ride around the city. loving the crisp fall air
Once you set your heart on a goal, almost anything is possible.
Looking for the vandals who did some serious damage to homes and cars in Belmont. Story in minutes on #7News at 11:00
- I'm an actor coach. 90% of my students have agents. I teach actors how to run their careers.
I haven't actually logged any food since singing up, but am eating better thanks to the daily email. Lost 3lbs since
That's my jam! Wobble-Wobble!
Congrats on Grand Opening! Good luck tomorrow! And thank you for being a valued customer.
Ugh I think I'm getting sick. :(
I.D.G.A.F.O.S. is one of the most beautiful things I have ever heard. It puts me in a truly meditative space. Thank you!
No, but the photos I've seen of Liev Schreiber are perfect! Good preview?
You shady lady. I know it is a weird feeling.
Is there anything better than country music circa 1993-1997? The answer is no. And there isn't an argument against that. Sorry.
It takes all kinds of skill to get a mallet finger making the bed. Right Sheila?
What's up Long time no see!
Being concerned of others<U+FFFD> opinions of you is a form of captivity
IHop and Panera Bread are the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Aww :) loved meeting you both, girls! , any more creative ladies you want to send our way...? ;)
simply making it better
"Lets hire someone to do this"
thank you! Yes. We're back up and running!
keep an eye on our announcements! Thanks for coming!
Psst. Plenty of room over here. Plus, after today's announcement, we'll have better catering and nicer shoes.
love love, its a beautiful thing
A DULT look it up in dictionary. a DULT = MORON. ADULT. I AM PETER PAN. NO COMPLEX. it SIMPLE. BE A KID
less than 40 more friends and we hit 300! Help us out yall! =] <3
lol from phong right ? I took soo many shots that night .....
Reading a news article; found a strange appreciation for the word 'reportedly.'
RT : Bob Uecker, radio voice of the #Brewers will be inducted to the NAB Hall of Fame tomorrow! Congrats Bob!
what's up guys get at me songwritermusicofdash on the work work flow! Let's make hitts
All I can do is leave it in God's hands and hope that my fans feel where I'm coming from. - Aaliyah
My neighbors love my music so much when I blast it, that they invited the police to listen.
Registration for the Winter 2011 Day Intensive Programs happens tomorrow and Wednesday from 11am - 3pm in C354. Don't forget!
Lucky you! Our visit on Saturday was great. Atmosphere is unique & tranquil. The Indian was still in the corner
PREWORKOUTS: Which products are your favorite or find most effective?
thanks dude!
Officially have a clean record
If you cannot accept me at my worst, then you don’t deserve me at my best.
Hi Kevin. Likewise. Nice work!
Google Alert - Katy Perry ~ Da 411 On... Katy Perry
Thanks to everyone!!!
Huge thanks to Stephen Mak from and from for speaking at #owasp Orlando last night!
YES. I DID. WITH IT WAS AWESOME.
Listening to and his mama chat with what I call their "Southern Yankee" talk.
Thinking about playing. football.?
how important is your career when your managers email is LIL Stacey? #youcallthatbusiness?
Music. Music. Music.
That test was so long!! and they like reset our calculators!!
Sometime when crafting a pitch, I start with the problem. Other times, the vision. It seems both are appropriate at times.
"Even Puffy wears a suit to court!"
When ppl say "I Love You" because it just feels good to say are the type tht pisses me off!
Resident Evil's too scary for me. I've played Skyrim. And I don't really like the FF series... They kinda bore me.
can mobile devices be used for the #hhrising voting? our fans want to know.
Heading 2 New Orleans next month to do a 1 day course 4 a business & then off to Phoenix to speak for the World Scientific Congress of Golf.
It's crazy how things work out! God has a plan for everyone! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I'm really Worried how my Fams going to act when they meet my babe =/ only my cousins knw the real truth thou.
Goodnight!! please follow me Ari!! <3
It was amazing, Chekov was a little too much. That curly mop top just didn't sell the character well. Combover, Chekov, Combover.
Lol, you already are famous! Too bad our next film is taking place in a high school... are you cool playing a 15 year old?
I just got a call from a 14 digit number. Lol wtf!
6 days left of highschool...it's going by way to fast now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
A tear divides my heart and yours.
Sitting here jammin ' to my baby Drake :)
thank you :) its my favorite cut by far! It's so easy :)
Headed to LA in a couple of weeks to check out housing and for an interview. Where should I go for the best tacos?
thank you!<3
do you know when/if alpha omega is going to be released on the US itunes store?
Happiness is an inside job. If I don't have inner peace, than I have nothing. Today, I find time to breathe deeply and look for the good.
Chivalry aint dead. But it is seriously $crewed up. (notice the dollar sign)
Kevin hart is too funny.
Pretty aint what it use 2 b ;/
A pair of would complement this hella nice day really well
Looking forward to discussing and the need for a strong civil justice system with students today
i thought you were talking about the school of business one ok thats fine
O, to be in snowy Britannia today. , you've let me down (again).
preciate that!!! do a favor and share that thang!!!! we tryna get it out there!!!
LOL!! aw but it's true :(
I think he had to go. He was a great man, but this was a staggering failure. Reporting child abuse should be easy decision
Old avi back
My aunt wants me to tutor her in math so she can pass a college exam??
Hi all! Creative Recruiter here with Vitamin T, division of Aquent. Hope it's not too late to join in!
A quiet morning for remembering, honoring, and meditating on this day 10 years ago. Have we cared and loved in those years and honored life.
Can`t sleep!!!
I KNOW I'm awake, BUT it sure does feel like I'm asleep.
Beautiful & inspiring.. you had me choked up big time. Happy to be a part of it in a small way. Xo
I don't know man, I just want to notice me. <3333
The six day Chick-fil-A WinShape Ride for the Family comes to an end TODAY Friday, October 14, 2011 at 11. Come out and show your support!
Paul George... You have been EXTINGUISHED!! Nope.... Doesn't have the same feeling
CRWV so much for a million $ promotion. Thats how quick it can happen kids!
Jammit is free to download and you get to demo a Rush song for free...so you can try it on your iPad/iPhone or Mac OS X first. (PC SOON!!!)
Bulls on Early as fuck...
Anyone else feel like the thumbs down button on #Pandora is bullshit?! I swear, same crappy songs play days later after hitting that thing
Nah, it's best left to the imagination
Every time Obama comes on TV I can't help myself. I have to change the station. Tired of the blah blah, blah
Really bummed when good creatives are forced to leave Portland because they can't find work. They found jobs in SF and LA.
Just heard and eagle cry for help. No joke.
are u talking about that festival?
Dang! I was excited there for a second! Lol Hope you're well. =)
Sin will take your time away from you
That's how I roll
Haha same here..Global warming has finally struck..
Free at last, free at last, thank god almighty i'm free at last
Thanks! I need to hire a stenographer for the office so I can just dictate the articles while I drill. :-)
I bet I could take some kick ass close ups of flowers and shit. I bet people would even want me to do their senior pictures!
of course! another dude to holler at would be too bruh.
People underestimate brick squad . There just jealous that waka screams in his songs and there still hits.
Can't remember the last time I didn't tweet for three days. Been very caught up in the emotions of leaving this amazing place/people
haveing 1 of my bullies almost cut my hair 4 the 2nd time iam DONE
night twitt twit
BOYFRIEND = AMAZING ...you just keep making us #Beliebers PROUD!! :) LOVE this song.
BACON-E.
Aww waste of tweet, typos make me go on suicide watch.
RT : "A man does not have to be an angel in order to be saint." - Albert Schweitzer
Long time no talk. No love for your old friend anymore?
"mother's day brunch for one"
At the bus stop listening to Jack Johnson's "Sitting, Waiting, Wishing."
I don't even know you and you're talking to me like that ? How rude
Layover in Seattle on my way back to Sac. Ah! I wish I had time to go home and see my peeps! Thinking of you all and miss you dearly!!!!
my parents tell me i'm popular...it must be true
: Congratulations to the Golden Eagles and the Badgers!
We will be there loud and proud...Great job on the road trip guys!!! BC will be jumpin! Stay pesky!!!
Depends wether you are happy to see the Polians go, but we have Let's Go Blue Pancakes! They will help you get over any coaching change.
My wonderful husband cooked dinner since I was pooped from cleaning out some closets today. Now my house smells like bacon & I feel loved.
": Just had a GREAT RUN ON ! Can't wait til the water is warm enough to jump in!"-ON keuka?
If you aren't watching live, you are probably living.
I wanna make a collage of you and Austin :)
You're probably following and I'm the invisible one.
what if the supe's ? wasn't, "how do i get this person to be a principal?, but, "how do we help everyone do this work?"
Camp today and 2mrw in Boyceville, then off 2 Chip Falls McDonnell for 2 days of camp, then Chicago 4 USJN Great American Showcase!...Busy!!
Absolutely horrific. I'd be praising God for sparing me, but where would you start?
Finally have time to watch a Brewers game tonight for the first time in 2 and a half weeks! I missed baseball. So much.
But so is former Avon Mayor Richard Burke. If it comes down to a convention/nomination fight the breakdown goes something like this...
Any recommendations for reasonable, close place to stay during conference? Hostels?
i'm in the market for the same setup. what gear did you use?
Never been! Some year, I'm sure...
Yup. Need those magic fingers for tweeting & blogging thus no dangerous sledding.
I'm doing very well. Meeting with clients and working on paper. The usual right... :-)
even if he doesn't play baseball
“: Kinda sad I'm not going to Prom now...” that's sad everyone deserves to go to prom.
perfect! Look forward to meeting you
In science class I dissected a frog...it was cool yet gross @ the same time. My friend cut off its leg.
hey sweetie i hope you have a great day as well
U can win a MVP by yourself, but u gone need a team to win,a ring...
YSL - Enjoyed greatly. Only needed live models to animate the fashion like YSL would have wanted us to see!
Health Tips: People who go on Atkins diets do not suffer higher rates of Heart Disease that such a high fat diet should indicate!
Why my office is usually in my jacuzzi, until I drop my phone in it....lol....
Hey: Here's a mothering tip. check out Cool the Earth; free climate change program for mom's to bring to schools!
Bow ties are really cool this season, just make sure they have lots of fun colors in them. www.southfloridaalerts.com
#CopperMnt got 3" inches from this "storm"...certain promises were made and not kept, mister weatherman!
Enjoyed Archon, but feel off-kilter this week, like 5 days of Mondays with 4 sneaking in under different names. Already thinking about 2012
So tired, but a Glenn is here!!!
Hollywood is gonna be nuts tonight!
movies tonight with Maddie (:
Broncos plane w/ John Elway on board now en route to NC. #TrafficCopter850 watched it leave at 8:24am MT. latest
"It is about engagement, not marketing,"
Sometimes stuff just works out
would love to, but somebody's gotta be on the news desk at 4am!
I know! Why do men like the couch so much?
I HATE BEING THE THIRD WHEEL ALWAYS BEHIND
The great thing about going to something like #Armory is you decide very quickly what you're willing to spend time on.
seattle: always imitated, never duplicated
what the heck alex:D
I'm not sure which black bars I hate more, the sides, or top & bottom. Remember when TVs didn't have those?
Sticking around for #Drogba11thMinute but then skipping the final Chelsea game of the season to plant flowers with my Mom.
will face on Sat., at 5:30 p.m. MT in the first round of the NCAA Tournament.
-- I live 5 minutes away from Turner Field ... haven't been to a game yet this year.
There seems to be no lengths to which humorless people will not go to analyze humor
Hello! I'm having trouble accessing the English language link - is there a direct link to the English site? Gracias!
The air quality isn't that good either, always feel like I'm wearing most of it.
This is too spicy.
yaayy! I hope good people are there tomoroww
What's your advice for our 2011 Summer Camp Counselors????
In this world, be yourself. Everyone else is taken.
Anyone wanna steal a car and go ti the beach? I promise I'm a good driver
So proud of client “: Words can't explain how happy and blessed I am to be apart of this organization.let's get it!
love me Bo Jackson. Hated the Bolts tonight though. They looked horrible.
haha (: i sure as hell am :DD i like cant wait . ive ben waiting for this for what seems like ever !
i just want to go home :(
Early release prison program
Well here comes the STORMS!!
Clean tech has positive impacts on ops and the environment
Tonight we'll be talking about the flurry of NBA moves this week, and the start of camps, the IU-KY game, Xavier-Cincinnati, and the NFL
The Single Life #187 - It's Blasphemy, I Tell You!
beard kill 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard.
RT : New to the twitters: - Petworth's new hardware store!
World Geo, why?
It's only 19 degrees. Good day to spend in my sauna of an office with its old-school heating.
Knowing you made someone day is a great feeling.
is this my favorite Peter? Lol
There is no victim yet. Zimmerman is innocent until proven guilty. Due process even for people we hate
I'm a foodie! Thanks for following.
could please follow me !!!!!
Go USA!! We need to take advantage of these opportunities!!
so. freaking. awesome. almost froze to death but so worth it to see my pick win!
Thanks for the props.
Clint Eastwood for Motor City on comeback commercial imported from Detroit during #Superbowl now that ROCKED
Thanks for the follow - looks awesome!
Did you hear? will be available in just days! Love to see local ice cream pairing with local biz...
I don't think I've ever used "gosh darn" ever in my life until today.
Better hurry – you only have 5 minutes to answer our first #SunbeltTT question!
Someone come get carissa& I from her house on 120th & Center. PLEASE.
Headed to for their second service of the morning! Happy Easter everyone!
Today For the Last Air Up There we Having a Sale for the Dopiest Concert Series EVER... Come thru and Save on some Kicks
Cool. I think I'm going to try to go, so maybe I'll see you there if you can.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Need to get away and just relax <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
unless you're then it's just a good time with good food at a good price.
Thanks for giving me permission, lol.
Looking for an experienced KITCHEN MGR ....immediate opening starting rate is $15 per hr. come on in an interview direct w me!!!!!!
So proud that we have so many local sponsors this year :] Thank you Reno!
im toasted like it ain't no 2mar
Everytime I use a public bathroom I think to myself, damn this many people got sharpies on them at all times! lol -_-
Polybius~ Those who know how to win are much more numerous than those who know how to make proper use of their victories.
FOLLOW RIGHT NW LETZ GET TO 700 FOLLOWERZ SO YOU CAN HEAR OUR NEW SINGLE
Trut's own words to me: "not yet domestic"--some key pieces missing in the domestication puzzle. Repro is one among many.
OMG! Happy birthday matt!! #HappyBirthdayMattGraham :)
Spurs lead Lakers 63-47 at half. Can they maintain?
have fun you two!! Take care of my Piccolina!!
Carrot cake and coffee breakfast. Happy Friday!
He who drinks a little too much drinks much too much.
likes ignoring her daughter :/
No sword in the video?
thee only thing keeping me here is you...
Thanks man, worked really hard on it! Think I'm gonna buy a cannon rebel and be a photographer. What do you think?
Are you an interior designer or realtor? I work with designers and realtors to improve spaces for living and sale. Lets talk.
RT Duney_Jefe Money...sex...something being ratchet ..swag...eatin pussy. ..etc <-----typical tweets on twitter..:-/
“ I wish u would make up ur mind.. LOL!! RT : NYC for my birthday.”| Lmfao I know I know lol
I'd do anything, I'd give you my world, I'd wait forever to be your girl.. :'] Perfect memories. <U+2665>
please follow
A man is the sum of his actions, of what he has done, of what he can do, Nothing else. Mahatma Gandhi
hello ronald!
We see a lot of clients ignore YouTube posting to Facebook & Twitter. That's a big mistake for SEO and SMM!
Will also be presenting "REST API with Zend Framework" at 9:00
Follow #GiveGlobal12 and stay up to date with the Conference!
dear #stevejobs, thank you for being a man who made everyday life better with your gadgets.
Had the most epic fail trips ever:l, lawl
Went GF last year, less aches and pains, overall less inflamation, overall feel much better. Stay with it. Make 2012 great!
Believe in the i m p o s s i b l e <3
: welcome to Twitter! I will write a new letter soon...
Did you know that Jamaica has the most churches per square mile of any other country in the world?
Just tuned into the Clippers Griz game and Gilbert is guarding Nick Young. 2 former Wiz going at it
<U+266B> Claire baby, I wish you could see how it all got twisted...<U+266B>
are you talking to me?
Plastikman bout to help me get through proofreading this group essay.
#Always : shoutout to I fux wit her da long way
Have fun Kathy! My advice? Make arrangements NOW to have charitable contribution truck come by for post-sale pickup!
And he's back!!!
If you gave clothes to your grandkids instead of candy, I would have to give you a beatdown!
mom, i honestly thought i was going to be raped for a second. he had the craziest look in his eyes & at one point, he said "let's get it on"
Nice, I like watching ESPN on mute and listening to you guys. Way more entertaining and more Bronco perspective that way.
Wanna learn how to dance like ? Follow !
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 11
< well,well,well wut do we have here?
I love you so much! Wish me a goodnight? xoxo <3
#NeverApologizeFor saying what you feel. That's like saying sorry for being REAL.
I want to take VOGUING from BENNY NINJA SO BAD!!! errrrk you allotted "free time"
To all of my friends in Thailand:I am praying for u&wishing there r no more deaths or tragic circumstances for u2deal w/due to the flooding.
bacon apple? I just had it. Delish!
I tried polling people to see if anyone cared, but only responded.
keep the healthy fear and you will keep your digits intact!
trying to improve my potty mouth
Do you have a phone chicka?
hi ya, a black hole sucked me in for the past few weeks and spit me out in London. Finally I get to catch up w Twitter.
If you're doing things right, what's there to fear?
Sounds like it's time for an Airing of Grievances.
i want to love you! PYT pretty young thing.. need some loovin! tender lovin girl! aand i'l take you theeerree!!
Cheers to all those women who help make the world succeed Happy Women's Day!
happy birthday <U+2665>
What are you doing to prevent gum disease? Co-Q 10? B vitamins? Tongue scraper?
How cute.... is trying to seem relevant
The good news - Harper is potty trained! The bad news - when she has to go # 2, she has to go # 2, no matter where she is.
sounds like a shitty city... well, at least not my kind of city.
yes absolutely :) and what time are we leaving for boozle I gotta tell my cousin ahahah
I hate it that this guy wakes up so late ;(
me too girl, me too.
RT : The AUC should have a big Easter egg hunt with scholarships in them...that would be epic
next year you can perform with glade ;) half-jk, i know nothing can replace cde! Merde!
I hate when people do that..like they're so stupid. Contradictive idiots.
I cannot believe I almost forgot to wish one of my favorite mama's a Happy Mother's Day! Hope it was great I heart you!!!
Satrapi doesn't attack the regime itself, she attacks social taboos that make it possible (micro political resistance, not macro politics)
Hate people that are all talk no action...!
Ughh. I wish I could just use Google Translate.
Has anyone noticed that the first inning is yovoni worst by far. Don't know the stats. Just observation.
well that's good :) i don't think prom is as big of a deal.as.people make it
#RetweetThis I can look in her face and tell the pussy good
Did Valentine confess his love for any dictators yet?
bring on Big Hurt
Oh no! Please leave feedback, happy to adjust if necessary and we'll check in with this driver. cc
Emerilware is all on sale at TKG! Stop by and pick some up for your favorite grad or bride!
Cruz over Douglas, Brown over Cruz. If PPR Celek, if not Ballard (but close to coin flip either way)
Show has been awesome so far awesome day!! 20 min to go!!
Just got back from shopping for ingredients for Sangria! It'll be my first try. Getting ready for #CincoDeMayo with girlfriends!
Will you marry me, Austin?<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
Howdy! Found you while searching for fans of Mass Effect.
Off to learn all about PMI's views on Project Time Management.
It's official, the NOLA Teachers' Gathering has been postponed. We'll be in touch with Swan River & let you know when they choose a new date
Beautiful month of Bliss... August. Happy new month tweeps!
Love it!! that was good and follow me back :)
Happy Saturday! Get out of the house and get your butt in here for dinner! Now!!! :-)
venturing out of Queens with Lena for the first time since Friday
not my favorite place, but for the UFC I'm in
I agree. Eddie. Murphry should do another stand-up show
More like "Revenge of the Fifth....."
Wow this weather < oh my fucken asdfghjkl I hate the wind>:P
Models imply that it is easy to determine who is info literate, regardless of subject matter, etc
Lavoy Allen's Playoffs have been a pleasant surprise.
RT : thank you for creating a dialogue for fathers and family awareness.
Sleeping with Jacobs jacket & my pillow pet that smells like him <3
I heard neck tattoos are gonna be very in this year
Ciao!It's monday! Put on your calendar Live at Jack's Patio Bar this friday Jannuary 8 2010 show start 9pm don't miss it!
Feeling a bit dizzy. Did someone tilt the planet last night?
hey next time I'm about to run an 80 yard touchdown don't run into me! do you remember that haha
I'm lit up like Project X in this bitch!!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born To Run
Well let's see if the eagles can lose another!!!
If you don't already, follow - she's been an amazing asset to my company and an all around awesome person!
Android coming so soon!
yea fo sho! Once my twitter starts wring again I'll follow u, my bad homie
This Damn dunkin donuts is so ghetto, they never have coffee ready
two car posts in an hour man! Back away from the jalopnik! :)
way to go #Daryl from PA!
go girls!
they better win Sat. And especially champions cup on 19th.
where You work at
Will there be signed pre-orders available again? Thank you - can't wait!
I'm jealous of my washer & dryer too. Seriously I have such a Depression era cheap mindset, I feel like it belongs to someone else.
Actually, some of those do help! Thanks!
Or Lewis Carroll w/o having tried LSD.
. is Twitter-posting archive items about Mike Wallace.
Oh Ok I'll Tell Him To Shout You Out On My Camera
Congratulations! RT : OMG!!!! I got a 1st 4 my World Cinema module! 1st first of my whole time at Uni :))) cnt believe it!!!
Hmmp. Cat missed me more than kids. 1st in after keydrop. Thinks wire on LITA badge are as tasty as wii wire...
There are times when I just have to admit that I'm a damn good editor!!!
A handy list of #thatcampphilly tweeps: /thatcampphilly (let know if you're not on it!)
i know... toys just cannot compare to cardboard and pine cones and ribbons. so why do we spend the money?
cool, cool, cool
#Avengers Time!! Out with ... About to get out total #comicgeek on!!!!
GOT A GREATDEAL ON TIX FOR FRIDAY 8PM TAC COMEDY WORKS IAN EDWARDS SHOW I,M STOKED,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
Time to buy some Japanese stocks.
wats up wit a follow back
Great commercial from Focus on the Family. He did send His one and only Son. And His love is eternal...as is our life of we believe in Him.
Seattle is finally giving me what I need!!! What a beautiful day for time lapse :)
It's official! We're in Hammacher Schlemmer! Check us out at 57th street between 3rd and Park!
if defense wins championships, these two teams are all set
I haven't fallen off the planet I'm just spring cleaning my health.
but I do that all the time.
Ferd Hoefner (NSAC) most important statement of the day. Advocate (now!) to protect the hard-won gains of the last few farm bills.
Man McDonald's sweet tea is amazing
RT Too often the #CES exhibitor-PR relationships are broken. Why hire a PR firm to setup appointments that you don't keep?
I feel worthless to you.
oh no, I just wanna meet one direction haha, and idk how early people will camp out
-- Devin..give some some to the Big Blue Nation. Love tonight's show.
concentrate on the muscle(s) you're working during a specific exercise and don't allow your other muscle groups to assist
RT Music all day today! :)
What!! Why did they do that?! Haha poor meesha
Happy Mothers Day! :)
I love that picture SO MUCH!! Well, then, you come by it honest, I suppose.
Relationships fail because you're too busy pointing out each others mistakes and not enough time loving one another.
ohohohohohoh be my baby
Counting down the days until our next trip to Emmendingen in June. Then it's the Weinfest in August ... the place to be!
The things I say in my head > the things I actually say.
The man first tried peace treaty with Attila the Hun.
Home in RI for a while. Hope to get some time to finish my thesis and continue the museum-job hunt.
Can's wait to ROCK THE JUNGLE - LET'S GO KOMETS!!
word! I'm there brah. What time?
Hahaha love the news! This guy jut said "the fire was pretty bad cuz it was pretty hot"!! Wtf?! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
The only thing "liberal" about me is that I believe "anyone" can be a conservative!! Provided they have a brain!!
Having a superbowl party? I have superbowl cupcakes!
Now I'm on the line with an automated system, trying to explain that I want tickets to Sigur Ros. Unsurprisingly, it isn't going well.
im like so i dont even know right now haha
Reason 35: #indiana eliminated its state inventory tax!
Dwayne Bowe doesn't look like he could catch a cold today
Tequila is like liquor made from Christmas trees.
“: Join us for #sparkandhustle chat! We would love for u to stop by!” hey nakia! Sure when is the chat?
Where is the info? RT Still casting for a dating show for a WELL KNOWN NETWORK!
wtf is wrong with my life.
Yo Rubix, you guys are awesome & so much fun! Can't wait to do more shows together. RAWK!
Glad you enjoyed it! I've found ULD to be a key foundational step for success in B2B marketing
Congrats & the rest of the gang #wishiniwasincprightnow #bigW #RJBentleys?
Live you life to the fullest every day cause you never know when you'll leave this earth.
Be all that u can be...take vitamin C!!
New rule: no more than 3 tweets per day
woah, low blow. and most of my pics are of tim mcilrath
Did you catch him live or was that something on record?
you totally just made everyones day!!!! Hahaha (: x
You didn't have to stoop so low.
flixel is fun but they are to short...gifshop is...well an animated gif haha hello 1990
Watching the Immortals, getting dinner and then my bday party? I'm living the dream.
thanks! Come see us at Indigo sometime! We host it every Friday :)
is it that one girl who is totally hooked on you? I think she's crazy for you, bruh.
The mayor has declared tomoro "Indiana Pacers Blue & Gold Day". Support your hometown team and wear your blue & gold! Thanks !
Follow Back?;)
#WhatIMissMost my car. :(
Today is 's annual "clean your office day," which should be a quarterly event.
Free story idea: Roundup of non-state-run campgrounds & parks for people worried about a gov't shutdown.
Finally finished the invisible bridge by Julie Orringer. Where are my tissues?
WSPA juniors showing how #Sconnie nation can dance in Chicago
No i didnt, I was tellin you tht you were funny ( : Inna good way
getting ready for work. -.-
Lots of stuff to get done for 's birthday tomorrow
Leadership is getting others so excited about the view from the mountaintop that they actually enjoy the climb.
Im still in palm springs haha
she say se need a break then block him then go with another dude
“: I find muscular guys unattractive. I prefer tall lanky guys. #unpopularopinion” same here!
A horribly offensive ad hominem. And they don't get why! I think we can prove our #atheist points without hateful language.
1 season drops r tough. I think S2 of Arrested is great. Alias fell off a cliff, but after S2. Veronica Mars after S2. Glee 4 sure.
This is kinda awkward
Tonight is Aldine's 2012 Prom! I hope everyone who are going has a great time :D
NOT TIRED!!! but I need energy for tommrow...
Glad you liked the book, and keep up the good work with your students.
I've got that too! Four externals (one is for Time Machine backups). That's why I'm getting a 2GB drive on my iMac.
I say Phil and Josh.
and how about you what you doing
I was just picking it up lol
Entertainment/marketing/advertising
Theres a fighter in everyone.
awww :) i'm not pretty though xx
We've been so excited to share some of the new music with you guys. Maybe today will be the day.
Have I mentioned that is my Great Person Of The Day?
thanks for the #FF!
Time for some US Toy action. I'm there from 10am - 11am for autographs, pictures and tomfoolery. Come on out!
We will have game 7 of the #WorldSeries on! Come watch the game & get your party on @ at the same time! Who will you be rooting for?
Hey that's great! Bet you feel awesome. Running is such an important part of my life; w/o it, everything feels off-balance!
THE SCREAMER ROLL: Japanese HOT Mustard, WASABI, Asparagus & Tuna.
#GreatnessIs Achieving your goals:-)
There is a cheeseburger at cheeseburger n paradise called "back to the basics"
Gonna be a good game, especially as now we have cash and bragging rights on it!! You should come out!!
Dear chocolate "nutrition" bar inventor: Thank you for making my lifelong dream of eating chocolate for lunch a reality.
I can't wait till Spring Break <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Now && Then I Think Of All The Times You Screwed Me Over, Had Me Believing That It Was Always Something That I've Done .
"I try not to be too self examining of things I can't control. The thing I examine most on the show is the standard to which we execute."
Time to push a personal agenda. Don't cancel this amazing show! Save Dollhouse! Save Echo! Pls Retweet so FOX will listen!
work is not productive today
i took a nap for 3 hours now what......
Thanks alot bro! same here man, u cool, and i should be back lol I honestly wish i wasn't, i was jus teling that lol
Yeah, I've been reading Kevin Feige talk about AVENGERS 2 for weeks now. I don't see how the sequel talk is new news.
Off to visit the new Schusterman Library!
Don't know man. You'll have to find out.
Happy GIS Day. Heading to the NYC GeoSymposium. Presenting this afternoon.
You threw away a good girl for a filthy slut. Let me know how that works out.
If followed me I would be so happy. He's another of my many influences when i make music :)
Why do I always want to punch Mike Tomlin?
Rt me too
hey if your with amanda tell her to check her phone!
Possibly, definitely some fear for announcers, definitely won't see Gus Johnson call out Marvin Lewis
GOD DO I HATE MY MOM.
News: Detroit's own Jill Jack will be replacing Nick Urb at Michigan Tastes and Tunes on Thursday!
Oh, Thanks. I'll check it out.
lol u should come!:)
hey preston i was wondering if cod4 on mac is worth getting thanks!
yes come by every Friday!!! ;))
Thanks for the RT! I am so glad you are supporting me. I am working on packaging now and the kit should be available soon.
Thank you x2 to ! Girl, where would we be w/o you.
School tomorrow. EW.
Most memorable moments of #2011... shot a pheasant from 58 yds, hit a trifecta in Ireland, ran with the devil in Boulder City... great year
Since getting the new iPad, I haven't looked at my laptop. I've become a much simpler user.
August is here already!!! OMG!!!!
Fuck Dhat Bruh. Im Bout To Be On That Mario Party 2 Shit Bruh. Bro Im Out Deuces Guddnite Twitter Buddies. O.o
Aw, man. Thank you. Thank you.
I am, thank you! And how has your day been?
Thanks to you NCORE 2011 was our most well-attended conference for the past several years! Let's make NCORE 2012 in NYC even bigger!
degenerative disc disease! yay!
Shakes : chocolate , Oreo , strawberry , mint chocolate chip, coffee and kahlua just to name a few!!!!!'
cries because this is perf
get your license!
yes Lee does not pull punches
Hawaii friends! Check out Wendy Perkins of NPR fame tonight @ 5:30 @ the ground floor, it's her first showing of "Faces" her Hawaiian series
Friendly reminder as we're wrapping up the last week of programming for the semester. Financial paperwork is due by 5 pm on Monday, May 2nd!
M I just had a nutella bread 4 breakfast!!!!!! U should luv nutella!!!!!!
Coast2Coast Mixtape/Magazine Industry Mixer tomorrow night.
... Sorry dude.. Being in pain sucks..=(
Looking for my keys. Oh wait, the freaking Roaming Gnome had them.
from experience, I know the answer to this question is until it's time to do laundry again.
like asap! please :)
i told so we waitin on him lol
Brought apple slices for my 1 yr old on the car ride to my audition today and lo and behold my husband ends up eating them!
So she's a quitter.
ha ha wow yea rite!! Ese me scared
ugh im bored
To me it defeats the purpose of the testing which can detect problems in the curriculum & how it is being delivered to the students
Is reading #Eat, Pray, Love!
Hope to see you at the happy hour! RT : You should meet (our HR dir)! #HRFL11 RT : I'm at HR...
Someone has obviously confused busy-ness with business.
did you like the concert? :D
Buy SIX weeks by noon Friday for Monday delivery and you get one WEEK FREE Coupon Code : CE2012NYR6 (savings up to $210)
will be slurping down Guayaki's delicious mate at SoCap08 (they're our latest sponsor!)
I switched channels when they were down by 10 and just turned back. Wow. RT “: This game is LIN-sane!!!”
Fa real! Look out!
my parents are queens at making mountains out of molehills. and it always escalates to: pack your shit, get the fuck out. its getting old
Dear , I read 's great piece in the NYTimes. Too bad you're afraid of PR. All big retailers study customers; you do it best.
There are some places u play at that you feel like a guest.. others that feel like going home.. Today felt like home
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." ~ Anais Nin. Happy #TGIF!
I don't have school 2day haha!
Are you coming to tonight's game? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
Not yet becuz of banking issues, but doing this wkend!
Putting all kinds of hairspray and goop on your hair because it is entirely too frizzy sometimes.
Wrong turn 4 is tha shit they getting freaky on this bitch lmao
Glad you are enjoying it! RT : LOVE the #DowntonPBS Much better than this FOOTBALL moment
missing my boyfriend right now, just wish he was here
Today was amazing
"hustling at the beginning was paramount"
Did you know that companion rats enjoy Max & Ruffy's mini bites just as much as dogs?? We have a huge rat following - Love it!!
Second question: Do you have any experience acting in film or tv? If so, please explain.
Let's not forget to show the power of #Packernation and vote for tonight
Nice to see you this morning! It's been too long. You guys do a great job organizing the breakfasts.
The LGBT protections and the violence against woman act should be 2 diff debates. Both important but diff all the same.
Got new brakes now off home to take a shower and get ready to go get some chipolet with my baby Rufus *side looks bottle of tequila*
my liver is shot... But it was totally worth it!
Good job at flopping!
I wish we did
Just saw a cone man downtown! Lmfao hella cool:)
Best Texas quotes so far came from a sixty-year-old bearded man.
There's a ton of cutting edge tech here @ the CES show this year. Head is still spinning. Good showing by the photo industry.
RT : #Mobile Access – today’s students want the ability to access and study coursework wherever they may roam.
that was GREAT!
For some reason, I only know about the T-Mobile cell site conversions in southwestern Michigan, because that is where the calls come from.
Drive traffic by Blogs: Be sure to Post often and leave some posts in highly ranked blog sites relating to your business.
heck yeah! I feel its a bit of a maniacal laugh though. Muhahaha... :o)
Mitchell's Clothing
He single-handedly defeated communism. RT I wish I could have been at the Rocky vs. The Russian fight. Legendary.
Let's go
what's up?
I probably don't care about 3G. It's easy enough to download a day's worth of PDFs from dropbox while I have wifi and just go
Don't make promises you can't keep.
never take for granted the people you have in your life. keep them close, and hold on tight .
I'm allowed out starting this weekend.want to have a sleepover friday night since we have the cheer clinic in the morning?
Im gonna keep checking everyday for tickets on stub hub & other websites hopefully ill find something:)
you wanna switch??
yeah, it's looking more and more like i'm not going to wait 3 more weeks.
yeah dude I wanna steal the recipe for that shit fo sho god damn
Hi from across the street! You look good on the big screen!
STARSHIPS WERE MEANT TO FLY
Thanks for the announcement :)
This guy offered me chronic, and got prayed over instead! AGTG
No one is ever going to tell me i cant be a singer ever again
Thanks, Mark! Following back. : )
Hope: the general feeling that some desire will be fulfilled. Do you have any? Tell us!
the enthusiasm surrounding it reminds me of the monorail episode of the Simpsons.
Might have to take a trip to tha atl this summer
You need to DM me just found out you're in our hotel tomorrow! broadcasting live!
is that a rhetorical question?
Why She Lyin To Herself
Oh you make me smile :D -uncle kracker
follow me please?
I love all my twitter followers <3 You are all so sweet!
Every1 B careful this holiday season, Police got extra force on da streets.
Very cool, Vijay.
actually, no, but good math tho
jus woke up,ready to eat..
I love the 4 year old ranting. Somebody should hire her for her marketing ideas.
OMG I FUCKING LOVE lmao!!!:D
I haven't read it, but I've heard that it's a good read -- esp. if you like military history
How do we make kids more social readers
this friday actually !
It's a mix. I prefer having them come to me, but I keep them short. Atwell says go to them, so you can leave.
“: You'll get by, with a smile. #np”
The radio version of young wild and free......ahahahahaha
I just saw the Tupac hologram at McDonald's.
I KNOW!!!! It HAD to be a pantyliner! Sigh!
its a latino thing
Wish I was still on spring break
#CNN running a series on Perceptions of #Beauty which addresses both sexes. Via
With Thanksgiving over the holiday season is officially underway, begging the question: when is eggnog froyo arriving ?
i barely had the time to make me one
- it is because of you that I have this. :)
for sure!
The total cost of a full-time registered nurse at a hospital averages $45/hour, or $98,000 a year much higher than the average base wage
oh okay. I see.
~!__+. AVOID THE LINE... CUM EARLY....$2 DRINKS.....SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Anyone know why the sidewalks in #sanfranciso are #glittery?
Faith does not make things easy it makes them possible #Luke1:37
RT wish I could retweet that
I dropped a pickle on the floor when I was trying to get one out of the jar. Put it back? I think so. I beat the 3 second rule.
Indeed , how right you are.
how many people
the serious answers kill me, so it requires subtle trolling
nah ill stick with doing squidwards job for now lol B)
When I play basketball I do the Micheal Jordan tongue stick out lol.
son what you doing?
Economic history, or Religious History, or Social History, and so on. You might think of what you want to know or want to...
Awesome! I will cheer them on!
Want some Norteno? U got it! Dec. 23rd. Ramon Ayala!! Finish shopping & bring the family dancing.
Nothing says health and care like "federal mandate"
thanks for recommending us and hope we'll see you soon!
"Social support doesn't scale." Newsflash: phone, chat and email don't scale either.
R u @ Pinkberry (Dupont Cir)!!! WE ARE! Come on by and don't forget to mention "RPCV/W" as 20% of the proceeds will go to our 50th Fund!
Windshields were made to break a certain way in an accident, but only if installed correctly. Call Auto Glass Experts for more 414-409-7263
fuck you, ads.
oh shit! :O
you probable hear this a lot but your really cute!
WTF. Botdf on warped? Please tell me this is a fucking joke.
If someone ever says to you in any way, "ain't got no" just please stupid smack them
Nothing to do on such a nice day..
It was brought to my attention that my last tweet was offensive. I should be more cautious. D.A.R.E officers may also be woman. I apologize.
the goose RT“: for the first time! Wow its huge and great selection. 750ml Grey Goose $23.99
When Jesus died on the Cross, not only did He pay the price for your sin, it was also God's way of saying your life is of infinite worth.
Paul isn't teasing. He's speaking the honest truth.
anyone have an AT&T Microcell you want to part with? my service *sucks* in our new apartment..
you see that four headed monster in the storm loom snipe em from a distance the scope gotta long zoom :D
If y'all need tatts done hit up
Be amenable to the here and now so you can see the splendor that surrounds us and let it guide you to your Highest Self
If you want to be found stand where the seeker seeks.
Nokia loses mobile top spot. What&#39;s left?
Good! I Got A Medusa Piercing!
RT : I want a Lascaux Cave font comprised of berries, blood and the sounds of wild animals outside the cave.
Thx Susan Williams for leadership of ! Congrats to for taking it over! #Gr8tLeaders!
"You go to any university today & you are up to your ass in poets." Kenneth Rexroth, 1969
Rogers new book is a book of essays...
if i wanted your opinion, i'd of asked you for it... & since i didn't, please hush. :)
I feel like I've been in a coma for the past twenty years. And I'm just now waking up.
going no where fast we've reached ouur climax.
Do you let yourself experience the full, real you?
Listening to some of that NorthWestFresh while brainstorming -
Please tell Sue Moss to talk a little louder... we can't hear her! Love you Nancy - Check out
That was a strike.
Wow school is big haven't got lost my lockers on third floor all of my classes but one r on the second I am loving xc though
Goodnight tweeters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
If the running of the bulls is happening upstairs from me right now, I need to get out of bed and explore Pamplona.
we should talk to about doing a story after this. Lots of people need to know what we're doing.
damn I need like, a really cool famous white dude in my crew. Chris Pine? Channing? Nick Cannon?
If it doesn't make you happy, remember - life's too short. Take a chance, have a dream & don't waste love on the oblivious.
news that the world is ending > 5 missed calls from mom
LOL that's horrible. The next generation is so corrupted.
Got To Luv U
Alan just told me my hair reminded him of the Lion King. Lmfao, thanks . . .<U+E40D>
you should've come to pitt too :p
Happy April to you!!
is amazing, i am now following the !
Was just hearing the same thing.
Really this guy thinks he is a tomato because they threw a brick at him and he started bleeding he said my god I'm a tomato
I did a search and found 1 of my relatives, so I checked 2 see who they're following, well I nearly died at all the food trucks listed!
What's going on tonight
check your email :)
go cultivate potatoes in that tractor lol
: Lakers or Thunder? Who wins the series and in what game?
I know the NFL, NBA, MLB, NHL... But what's the 5th?!?
My lifestyle is good
Sir Gawain and the Green Night Before Christmas
And parched .
don't you have hot friends, sheesh!
my phone won't let me respond to dms but you can ask her tomorrow, she has exams this week and she probs should stay asleep
I wanna workout right about now
About damn time!
MANvsMACHINE new tunes at 1500 likes! make it happen!
Why don't you find something to do! #lazy RT : Work is so slow. I'm bored.
Go #Colts! Welcome to our wonderful city of #Indianapolis Andrew. Looking forward to seeing you play.
I known:p & yes
she won't think you're stalking though. If you're doing it right. She'll just think you really like the food.
People are making new friends in our lounge, sharing health tips, talking about places to see/try in San Diego, exchanging info. <U+2665> the vibe!
/ - Have you been to a BTAN yet? If not, check out John's last tweet. You should go.
How am I gonna eat healthier when I am addicted to mr pibb? Crampin all through the 13.1!
A customer asked if we could sell his vintage car magazines on consignment; we had to explain that our name is a
The evening cloudburst seems to have run out of steam-Thank goodness! I'm beginning to forget what actual stars look like. The moon! Gasp!
HAPPY 4/20 TO ALL THE WEED SMOKERS OUT THERE!! HAVE ONE FOR ME!
people still use Google+?
no you wouldn't
You ARE! And GiGi's is AMAZING!!.! What city r u in? We have those in Dallas!
when are you moving ;)
She seemed sharp. I was looking through apps and thought of you when I saw a coloring one lol
Im so glad twitter doesn't go dead at night like Facebook does. I'd go insane.
Think I'm about to call it a night .
what's going on? Lol I'm so lost :L
Didn't she already quit?
WHAT? RT can you hear anything? Bet it was loud up in there :-)
playing poker
What if Bigfoot was just an alien. That would make so much sense.
Amen! : Let's end Alzheimer's disease
Where my 2 Shady Numbers at <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Thanks for helping get the word out!
Film: 8/21 Join us for The Life and Tragic Death of James Byrd Jr. followed by a discussion w/ filmmaker Spurgen Brown.
My next genius idea: tool kits for women that fix simple things women can fix. Pliers, screw driver, hammer etc.
aw rad thx for checkin it out! I'll be back in the spring, seeyou then
Oh, yeah. Maybe you should keep an eye on that neighbor.
#qft RT : If you're an attractive woman, it is statistically more likely you will die by Kennedy than by lightning.
Flight of the Conchords seems to be ruling my life. But you know what? Why the fuck not?
That awkward moment when your friend takes your iPod, goes to "Pictures" & sees thousands of One Direction photos & gifs...
Denim & Diamonds for Autism will be at the stunning Calamigos Ranch in Malibu this year! Outdoor reception. Indoor dinner and program!
All night guy didn't make coffee again? RT : LOL I have my order in to get some !
me: yeah, uncle Dave is pretty cool ... ;)
Thanks for the retweet!
Kevin Millar could not sound anymore like Adam Sandler
Parents are buying me dinner from The Ram <U+E022>
stop being a tease.
"Sometimes Parents just don't Understand" - Will Smith #90'sHardcoreRap
It was! I have a pretty good memory. (Tho' my mom swears I loved Dark Shadows as a toddler and I don't recall that.)
i can't >__< , but after school tomorrow i can ! :))
Head down editing all day. I *will* get this query into shape.
lol ;') m nope i would love to share but this is soo good!
After an extensive search lasting most of my life, I have finally found someone who has eatin at
"That awkward moment, When someone yells at you for clicking your pen and you have to click it one more time to use it.”
Hilarious! I love it. My #1 influential topic is Indiana, and I don't live there anymore. also, must start tweeting about dogs.
Thanks for signing up for ! It's going to be great!
Thanks - sad but true. Go
did the ipad2 come in a box that just says ipad? or did you decide to upgrade?
Ah I'm back..going to work outside. I'll email you after done mowing my moss lawn!
you made me hungry for BaBar, going to take a walk over there!
Recording, Recording AND Recording this next week.
Depending on the lines you use, anyhow
princess rainbow..u look so pwetty :D
Rocked some NBA 2K12 last night and glad you guys got love on "Rock Hood."
no mater how much i do #FollowMeAriana your not gonna follow me :'(
QT : The greatest excuse for human failure many people call "god's will."(!!!)
Little Italy for dinner- love it
he's freaking hilarious. Lmfao.
How much do y'all wanna bet the media don't bother to ask Walker to prove he isn't breaking the law on his legal defense fund Wednesday
Is Pres Obama's Past Behavior when he was Growing up Fair Game as much as Mitt Romney when it comes to "Bulling"?
I highly recommend the movie 50/50... Great flick
We live in a messed up country on all sides. Most of the ppl refuse to accept the truth & reality. No where to go except down.
I always give her this face -_-
#fridayreads stops being fun when you haven't picked up a new book for months. I need to read shorter books.
Some things are just not meant to be fixed
"No matter how much success you're having, you can't continue working together if you can't communicate." -- Matt Cameron, Musician
Another reminder that every Tuesday and Thursday instructor Cara Legal offers classes in Capoeira from 6:30 to 8:30. $15 per class.
If you want to learn more about helping the people of South Sudan follow my friends and
so cute!!!
Did you know? Former President Sefako Makgatho, outlined the #African agenda of the #ANC as early as 1919!
I love beating attendance estimates :)
S/O to for the retweet in the pursuit of 300 lol appreciate ya #teamfollowback follow that man
Not feeling well as soon as I get home ima eat n go to bed showtime tomorrow catch opening for
I forgot was I speaking of cellular service?
I should have been more circumspect in my tweet, shouldn't I?
those are usually the ones that u never forget..hahahahhaha
My parents are so lazy.
no!! that's what's so terrible! so much amazing & delish food, but no cuban sandwiches that stack up to paseo yet!
ya fox won
I'm about to take bp for the first time this season. My ribs hurt already.
I know .
You're about fake sushi? Hope you get sick. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
yea. the joke is that she wasn't winking, she was just blinking her eyes. get it? that's why it's funny.
and I am a non Hispanic South Floridian , no way that bumb should not be on tv he needs to continue being a writer
TY! They say that the letter arrives when you don't expect it any more...when it gets cold...when it's raining in your world
Won $32 on I'll Have Another!
#BostonArtist About to drop an exclusive Memorial Day Mixtape with called "Match Up - Philly vs Boston" Tweet Me Music
Baby bears and red birds.
2nd time walking by a table displaying a tray of chocolate chip cookies
Hey hey...big bro this is my swagg buddy...she's dope
Being single has its ups n downs
Chis Dunlop () asked me to follow you.
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you know how to shut the fuck up when you're told to.
. cannot tell the truth. Regulations under Obama fewer than Bush's.
oh shyy Ronnie
RT : Just got first place in the first round of elimination challenges! no idea what tomorrow will entail!
*whew* And thanks for the reassurance. What are your plans? RT : It is never too early to start looking forward to the weekend.
I love storms!!
Minding the Campus: What Will They Learn? Maybe Very Little! Wait, they CAN learn partying, drinking & accummulate debt:...
WE KNOW LOL
Even if what she sang was what she heard,/ Since what she sang was uttered word by word
Home sweet
lol you wash it though right??
We're glad that you're glad! :o)
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Make them feel wanted.
Lots of thrills and spills on set, mostly spills.
I had a chance to go through the yesterday. Very impressed. Leaving with lots of ideas for Carolinas Space Museum.
Why are irrelevant Swansea and even more irrelevant #LFC on the only other Fox channel I get?
NOTHING beats the adrenaline you get from really great breaking news. Amazing rush. Live for it.
Alright..this tired gal is clockin' out for the night. Hope yall had a fantastic day! goodnight to all you tweeting blue birds out there! :)
Welcome to the Twitter. You'll get the hang of this and be crushin it in a week.
In the grand scheme of life, I don't think 5 or 10 min has a large impact.
Shot in the arm
morning..I'm doing ok I guess what about you?
#ThingsIHateInTheMornings When you wake up early and everyone else is still asleep.
You know whats worse than mowing the lawn? Doing it in 90 degree heat
To the Media: Sandusky is not spelled P-a-t-e-r-n-o.
hey me and have the same birthday! :D WOO!
has the #platinumsuite prepped and ready for another session.
you crack me up, follow me :)
What are you talking about? I searched, but couldn't find info. Link? Thanks!
It's our favorite Austrian monk's birthday today. Let us celebrate by eating peas!
No text . no calls , nothing . But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy .
just said goodnight to the iPad. His generation scares me already.
Thanks , , , , , For your Mentions!! www.facebook.com/socialvideo
Does the Corcoran Group have any plans to launch an NYC group?
OMG YAY!!!(: You gonna do more AMAZING videos????(: follow please?
Hopefully this gloomy weather is almost over! RT : Gloomy day... Coffee & spa appointment will...
his words are like an electrical joint to my junk
It might look like we in love, but only on camera...
1 dollar?? In this economy?? :p
2011 HEAT Provider Compliance Training Adjournment
Could be a sweet marketing campaign :)
Playing at Boston Celtic Music Fest this Saturday night. Come by and say hello.
iPad typing lessons? There is an app for that ;) (us)
And Hopefully The Rain Stops Soon
Time to start my night. Fuck yeah!!!!
Who am I kidding? I still would.
where is my hairbrush! i love the "dance" version! now that i'm a parent, i appreciate veggietales even more
then you didn't do it right.
When your listening to in the car and your mom turns it up >>>
Anyone know of a good Asian Market in #ABQ ? Help!!
Everyone agrees Bernard Bremont champagne is the best
": wats up Sean" What's good homie!
Hi, I'm late to the party. Happy galley dance for FISTFULL OF COLLARS (chet & bernie) and THE ABSENT ONE by Adler-Olsen.
hey thanks for following! hope to see you at a show someday... :)
::calls for aid from Saint Marvin::
I would rather do something and find out that it was the wrong thing, than never know if it was the right thing.
Hope everyone has a safe & happy new years eve!! Bring on 2012!!! Love & blessings to all 8-)
Haven't tweeted in like two days, working like a dog!
Special thanks to those in 's car tonight blasting "Time Is Of The Essence" and singing along! That's what we love to see!
that's my whole point, it started with music and spread into a lifestyle that exists well beyond the music and its popularity
well, Boo, sometimes we just have to do what we can and live vicariously.
Grandmother has to do #KEMO.. ~_~ can only pray & hope this shit goes away this time! fucking cancer yoo... have to stay positive!
Beautiful day for a commercial shoot in Central Park!
NOW I SEE WHY WE GO CHURCH ON A SUNDAY, CAUSE NOTHING GOOD ON TV TO WATCH {'',}
i love your voice I know my style is quit different from yours but we should definitely come together and work on something!!
RT They can't pay off a campaign obligation at the WH, so their having dinner with the contest winners at Boundary Road in DC.
Search Laboratory Reports Dramatic Growth - MarketWatch (press release)
Hot dogs at Churchill are horrid. RT : DERBY FOOD: Approximately 142,000 hot dogs are consumed on track during Derby Week
“: that usually means the hot water stopped working at the girls dorms”//probably, but I live in Kings House lol
haha im bored r u
Oops accidental tweet
I don't care if he shot or passed, Lebron should have the ball in his hands in the 4th. Plain and simple.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives completely is ready to die at any time.
Agree! RT Thinks false lashes in a mascara commercial should be considered false advertising
Internet shopping is terrible because what if it doesn't fit you huh
Emma Stone bored of Superbad line
What a way to fuck in ruin somebody day...
You're the most awesome salesman I've come across in a long time! You should give a seminar yourself! I'd sign up in an instant
There wasn't actually a suggestion for new words, and it was in the intro so it wasn't discussed in depth.
Should have stayed home.
Right from the #howconference to #summerfest, I think I've been through some sort of cosmic wormhole.
hey Austin! RT for your Narnian Mahomies! ;) I love you! :D x
#icantstandwhen you get uber comfy in bad after a long day and then bam! You realise u forgot to turn something off! #bjj tomorrow
do u prefer boxers or briefs?
watching everybody hates chris. it is extra funny
Would you send your child to an F school? give these parents pwr in their failing status quo!
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
I gotta do some yoga today.
I can't believe that I only have 4 more days of teaching class this year.....Where did the school year go?
laying in bed watching movies, you?
You want to know what it is? It just might benefit u too...
In that booth trin to make a hit
National champs coming to town this weekend... You want to be the best? You gotta beat the best... 7PM Swope park, game of the year...
ol i didnt know u started giving it up ctfu
<U+2665> how ex bfs swear ur world revolves around them. Used to love A. Keys's "No One." Ex bf: It reminds u of us? Umm, no. I just like the song.
yeah me to! i could perform it to a track
Shoutout to my followers that checked to see if I changed my number.. It's the same, I just didn't pay my bill lol.
What is important to you right now?
I'm still very professional about my fitness
shoes, socks, gloves, earrings, glasses, chopsticks
Don't get me wrong, having that ME seat in play is a nice surprise...but moderate, sensible pragmatism is a dying breed.
thanks man. We appreciate your time.
Challenge for the day: wherever you are, be there!
Theirs 7 of us and theirs 8 of them . so its not gonna work out -louis
Thanks again for coming out last Friday to DigiFest for the Colfax & 15th screening!
TIP OF THE DAY: It does not matter how good you are at poker. You can and WILL lose hands. Make sure you develop a thick skin when playing.
ha. Well played Vincent Charles.
- I love you <3
Terrific meeting at Center for Distance Education today. Digital matters to libraries and to online course design...
Where have the times gone,baby its all wrong.....
Congratulations to the BE CAMP VB (Playfit) team on winning first place (and $25k) at the
Ha, he said on the radio today that he was working The Adidas basketball camp in Bloomington.
Lol yes, everyone got in on the wedding! He was so happy, more pics on Facebook!
I don't put my location for my tweets unless I'm in a public place like downtown <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
AUSTIN KILLED IT
yo text me!
the best god is a telescope
I use to watch u and vinny
totally agree.I have been guilty of spending hours watching them before. Metal ones are great because the kids get so into it
Congrats to team pro for his 2nd place in an event for over 9k
What is the purpose of an #education today? #educhat Are we truly preparing students for life success?
The Chihuahua has Long coat Long and soft to touch, slight wavincss permissible. Smooth coat Short and dense, soft to touch..
aww, what's wrong?
yeah, I'm with you on that. What a finish!!!
Having a tutor on such a nice day like this sucks
Grading "special" teams | Chris Borland squib kick return | Gets them back to "D" |
Box Office Guru Wrapup: The Avengers Stays On Top Still grossing far more than all other movies combined in its second weekend, the might
like the hat!
Right. It's like get a life. Leave me alone.
Wow. RT A swarm of micro-quadcopters j.mp/zn6zI8
do yk how much it is?
is my new BFF. <3 She's nice, and pretty, just plain out amazing. Like my other BFF says WE SHOULD TALK MORE!
Um...did I hear party in Atlanta this coming weekend with ?? Holding my breath 4 a response. I'm gonna die Yee!
Don't watch it then. Pacers & ACMs are on. RT : No 10 sec violation in women's game? Just another reason women's bball blows
I lost my phone, my car, and my keys that night. Can't say I miss it...
You and Funk make watching the Bulls so much fun. Thanks for doing such a great job day after day. Keep it up and Go Bulls!
I told our secretary that videos don't work through Live Meeting, yet my boss had her spend an ENTIRE DAY trying to figure it out
You're welcome! <3
Great Green Plumber video from WaterSmart Innovations 2011 conference.
Awesome! So many people to meet at #smacsrit!
#SuperBowl I said that Aaron Hernandez would play a huge role, and I was right huge play. Pats up 17-9.
One’s outlook is a part of his virtue. – Amos Bronson Alcott
I'm so enjoying myself! #while making money!!!
if meg sees this she should text me
Can't wait for the grand opening and making it down to the restaurant!
A band is the sum of ALL it's parts.
That hand is at 10/20 mind u, he basically makes blinds irrelevant with his raise sizes
I want that type of woman that's just as ambitious as I am, and isn't afraid to dream big and take chances.
#iHATE when niggas get ur number from the club and dont text til NEW YEARS...smh dont ask for my number fool
I'm gonna miss it today...bummer. Playin anything good? ;)
is it safe to upgrade my iPhone4 to iOS5 yet?
prouuuddd of you! :)
If only they'd gotten the out at first.
So my moms last name is the same as chachi 's expect hers ends with a Z not an. And I always mix it up. Haha
Congrats to and the rest of the dancers at Sara's! What an awesome recital :)
$9.99 for a copy of film's initial limited DVD printing. Get it now at www.allgodscreaturesfilm.com!
Walking to soccer in the snow with shades on
Ugh bathroom y u so far.
#Chiefs beat Tri-City in OT, 3-2. Mitch Holmberg once again the hero for Spokane. They take a 1-0 series lead. Game 2 Saturday at 7:05.
HAD A LONG DAY SMH NOW I'M TIRED
Use Art to spread your ideas and dreams! It's very rewarding.
Yup, LZ2 for me (1959 Chevy pickup), Tesla Psychotic Supper, Faith No More Real Thing, Dr Feelgood and Are You Experienced for me.
Wow! There is a lot of LOVE on twitter for ! Sounds like an amazing last show :)
Thank you! (:
We're playing an acoustic set at the grand opening of Lee's tattoo shop tonight. Come out and support! Details on Facebook!
People will not look forward to posterity, who never look backward to their ancestors. Edmund Burke
seriously i cant find u guys
y'all need to do one of y'alls originals during #12daysofburnham like GODDESS or GETTING AWAY WITH MURDER?! Please????!!
We're thrilled! And so proud of our children for painting those amazing birdhouses.
um I love you!
Davin and I used to have a mountain-climbing philosophy: "you put one foot in front of the other, until there's no more 'up'."
Best new motto : AWARDS ARE STUPID! Achievements are what's up. Can I get an amen?
Longest run ever today. Paying for it with foot cramps and a wicked sunburn.
playing guitar on my porch while it is raining is a sublime experience.
Not this afternoon game. WTAM only I believe on the Radio
There's a direct relationship between age and time one feels it's necessary to stand around w/ one's balls hanging out in a gym locker room.
Great podcast today. Nate was his usual weasel self but I thought you handled him well.
Ok. I'm home from an interview. I hope I get the job! I need prayers from my praying twitter friends please. Thank you.
never mind I'll find someone like you..:)i love you adele...<U+2665>
Thanks for the G+ comment. Have a great weekend, Ayush!
Friday night at the free library! About to hear Madeline Albright speak.
but I don't think it changed her mind at all like now we don't talk anymore
#FF me. Tell your friends.
tweet, just cause :-P
Dude wearing a confederate flag tshirt saying heritage not hate. Bro, your heritage is nothing but hate.
Walkers 2nd cowardly secret #waronwomen act yesterday: Repeal of the Healthy Youth Act. Teen pregnancies cost taxpayers $168 million in 2008
Wtf I am suppose to do!?
Would you care to carry us- think we'd be a great fit!
But how do you feel about the politician?
you deserved that tweet from Ari.
I love you too!
You only go to the best games -- and the ones that happen to occur in Evanston.
I Want To Fuck you and Have your big ass penis Cum all over my tits and mouth, then i'll swallow our babies<3 2
Your background is amazing.
I think I'm gonna get the black one!
sudden-death -- summertime
it was my granpas mom. My granpa that stays with us.
GAME DAY
Lol shut up
Saw the world premiere of movie "The Ride". Story of Amazing Race host Phil Keoghan and his 40 day ride across the US to support MS. Great!
am not! I know people that are almost to 10,000! I've had mine for a year about ish!
pretty good.
NP! Had the same thoughts when I saw that list this AM.
"You wasn't wit me shootin in the Gym..."
looking for a go-to contact from capitol heights, metcalfe park, and the sherman park community association. anybody got any leads?
The business holiday greeting card... e-card or USPS? Which do clients respond better to? Which do you like receiving more?
Want a mental image of a Romney presidency? Big corporations are driving the car, and we're the dog strapped to the roof.
eh, I've done it. At first all ironic and then....
We read "Room" by Emma Donaghue. Any suggestions from your club?
Masters is coming down to the wire.. This 13th hole will be big for Phil if he can pull off an eagle.
BFF: Best Fake Friend.
That Sasquatch appeared in the newsroom via !
Did you know there are now 13 Land Before Time movies? I didn't until just now.
You are an exotic creature of the night that needs prey to come close to your lair for the inevitable snare of sensual demise.
The text I just sent & lmao.
Dinner with my ladies at Edibles! Yum! Thanks !
Are you not entertained?
Sleep sleep z
You too!
no problem
was definitely where it was tonight! #loveandhiphop fans come back Saturday, will be in the building
Fahrenheit doesn't feel designed at all.
congrats on the contract!
CCDC approves design permit but denies land-use permits for #FatCityLofts residential-retail project forward.
Random tracks on RIGHT NOW. Request anything (if we have it), tell your friends.
i love this. you DO look so healthy!!!
Perfect day for blasting the Lauryn Hill and having a plant dance party on the back porch with the under 7 crowd...
RT : is interviewing President Obama today. Is there something you want him to ask? Tweet your questions!
ESM Client, CB Ron shines in private workout w Patriots...congrats RB!
Thank you Tony!!
The dragon has landed :-)
My girl Faith plays COD. She says it's a pretty good game so I may have to look into it 1 of these days. :-)
Good ole Monday! D: SO... hows your Monday going so far? : ) P.S Curse the stupid twitter bird that won't let me do equal or minus faces
Bachmann: Campaign Was 'Almost Mistake Free' I wonder how much she had to drink before she actually let that big whopper come flying out of
Watch the YouTube videos on it. Hilarious!!
In clingmans alone because I hate people. >:)
plz tweet me in the morning to wake me up
48 hours in #Venice, Italy in April: #conservators, what should I be sure to see from a #preservation or #museum standpoint?
My back hurts.
is the sweetest girl Ever! she is incredible, she is so beautiful, and talented, she deserves millions of followers RT :)
Thanks, and you too!
Just made some chocolate soufflés for David's birthday. 3 tablespoons of dark rum & Creme Yvette went into the mix. So good!
: yeah... so find old content block, clone, rename, change template, save. rinse, repeat.... 730 URLs left to go.
#BornThisWay This is your best child yet. <3 Love you so much! xx
Sometimes when ur not happy n your name means happiness, it pisses u off, maybe I'll tell people to call me by my last name from now on.
Snotty artists are snotty. Gotye is a snotty artist.
that's liberal math
Wow! They're really good! They each have great voices!! =)
Somebody loves you baby! And unconditionally!
It's "Go Home Day," so see ya later Canada! (Back to the USA!)
Thanks for following us. We hope to see you on Saturday!
Though You Don't Like Someone STILL GIVE THEM LOVE.. #LOVEisWhatItIs LOVE IS EVERYTHING..
f you think real estate, where in the world would you own a vacation home?
He is the only the reason why i keep wishing on a wishing star
If anyone needs glassware or dishes, lemme know ASAP. I have way too much stuff & it's otherwise going to Goodwill.
You're going to make me blush ;)
Successful doctor visit. If I could shout out my doctor I would
presents "The Anatomy of Harpo Marx" on 10 April 7:00 PM. Reserve your ticket for this free event.
'Mary's Kitchen' by Old Crow Medicine Show
#NowPlaying "100 points in one game now i'm in the hall of fame (live)" by on
It makes me happy to see other people happy.
Alles gute zum Geburtstag! figured i'd say it in german in honor of hitler.
Boston was good 2 me. Thank U President Jenkins-Scott , Pastor Crowley Baptist Church for your special kindness
Finals suck, but the time off after them give me motivation to study
Drinking zeke's coffee, eating good food and cuddling up with some good plays with . What could be better?
#stm2012 per Till, lots of errors in the citation reports for authors. Asks for ability for authors to auto-correct.
Come join us for our Nutrition Class 11a.m. - 1p.m. @ our Georgia King Village location.
Sucks for me.
the campus bookstore clearance is happening right now. wish i could get over there!
Thank you, I did. How's Idaho life? It looks sporting, to say the least.
Pilots score in the 33 minute of play....2-0 pilots.
after that mention u sucked me back in. That was cool. Well done!
Thanks for posting. I'm going to go out on our upstairs porch and see the show. :)
I think the pie store is closed & I'm all out of pie making supplies. Tomorrow for sure.
I'm ready to party like it's 1999 (minus 9).
We're using QM rubric with our online faculty for self-evaluation & improvement
good evening to all of twitter..have a wonderful festive evening!!`
me to
Don't get me started now
Hi, please follow me so I can respond to your mes..thx
why would u do a thing like that?!
2midgets got on the bus and I got off. can u say scared of ppl shorter than me.
Four Girls reunion in Pensacola, FL tomorrow!!!!
P90X all day
Happy New Year!! Wishing everyone Happiness, love and peace wherever you are!! :)
Clearly we have very different definitions of bullying, as well as very different definitions of reliable sources.
": Re Tweet if ever fucked in the Car !"
Oh. My. God. What a little humble brag <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
OK, ALA peeps. Don't give me anything to do on Sunday afternoon of conference, after 1:30pm.
gd/MbrPbd is the daily action plan on 2+2 to contact the super committee, please tweet it to you followers.
we are playing tonight if you are still in town at the Hard Rock!
Great, I was hoping there would be a tribute! Thx for sharing.
What sickens me to my stomach more than cheating, is affairs in marriages. & then you find out kids are involved. Heh, what a shame...
so work on project, study, study, study, BED, yea my day sucks so far.
Am I getting bit by Mosquitos right now? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Yes, your membership gets you 10% off running shoes and clothing.
For being lactose intolerant i do enjoy pizza. Even if it is cheese less.
how about a cover of "gotta be something more" I'm thinking yes!
I meant *in* the essay. Devil's advocate: maybe RK's post is separable from his criticism. (eg Mencken was a racist&antisemite)
I think I just heard one...
you wanna come..?
I miss you:(... Even though I see you like everyday we never talk.but yeah,thought I'd just tell you<3
I have one more video for you guys this weekend before exams!
So, that tornado missed my sister's house by about 5 blocks.
So thankful you and all HHS/HES students & staff ok. Didn't know T Albert was yr princ til saw vid. He used to be from up this way.
Ouch Norway is no longer trending but Amy Winehouse is lol
RT : Everyone go like our page on fb. Once we reach 500 likes (fans) we will give away a free photoshoot!!
How would you propose to bring to bear meaningful innovation to a bureaucracy such as the government when speed is essential?
on and the return of in the same day?! 9/22 is going to be amazing.
good call!
follow us i mean its friday so hook it upp
So the Assassins logo is all fancy. And health is just bars. And Desmond looks different. I hate this game! Just kidding. Good so far.
Someone needs to explain to me how co signing works
RIP to the one and only Teena Marie aka Lady T (1956-2010), you were 1 of a kind. Thank you for your love, your music and everything!
I'm so sorry! Text me if you ever need! I mean that! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Watching Chopped makes me want to make a mess in the kitchen and set a timer.
thanks , it's ok
We miss you!
Yes he's good. Said he's tired of being at home though.
My bad...API limit had me behind. Hey Alyssa! Loved Who's The Boss when I was young!!!
Clouds are breaking and the sun is starting to shine in Seattle! WWC staff can't wait for the weekend and the Greenwood-Phinney artwalk!
As long as teachers give tests there will always be prayer in schools. ~
I'll see what I can do... but I can guarantee it didn't smell like a BBQ!
yes go see they movie ! It's totally amazing !
“: GAME DAY! is ready for a showdown, MSU! We all know who is the better team! #beatmsu” yep!!!!!!
I'm really not feeling today *sigh*
MODELTIP: Personality and Conversational skills count! Clients will usually book models who would be pleasent to be around all day on set.
Whatever else happens in my life, I'd one day would like to deal with a man who consistently answers the phone when I call.
Dr. Yasmin Davidds, my editing client, is skyrocketing w her Women's Institute of Negotiation (WIN!) aimed at empowering Latinas.WOW
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: in 1976 the CIA had over 400 operatives working undercover in the media
sounds like fun! They have pasta there so i know you'll be happy :) haha
The printer cartridge section of is a Kafkaesque nightmare of random letters and numbers and box designs.
i feel like life has my back right now
we've actually had some real, honest to god faculty governance issues we've been discussing. It's been delightful!
my closet door is open... i feel like someone is watching me...t(/.\)
Thanks for the input. Sounds like I should check it out. You participating in all the Cardinal revelry later this month?
Call in NOW! Special conference call with Call 760-984-1000 Code
What's wrong with you Earthlings?!..
If texting while driving is illegal, why would companies incorporate #QRcodes into OOH? Is camera function less distracting?
Having rest before New Year's Eve. Take care every1 <U+2665>
#BlahBlahBlah that's all I hear right now.
New York bound. What a wonderful vacation!
Yes yes Lanterns@!@@
Blow Out SALE at www.bleachercreaturesusa.com 2 shirts for $20.00
Excerpts from 's story on funding (to follow this) and plan going forward to put more resources into
Our Town must be doing something right when an 18 year old college-bound go-getter declares "I'm in love with Vienna!"
lol, fine then. xP
..... What about What to Expect When You're Expecting?
Game 3 in Indy on Thurs will be a Gold-out...Gold Pacers playoff T-shirt given to every fan at game
wow! What conference is it?
YEAH me to
Yinz gotta do what yinz gotta do.
Hi Meelie - Happy Easter!
Stop comparing urself to the next woman n do u so u can be the woman being compared too
I basically had to drag myself back into school after off campus
all I can say is since #theoepstein joined NL Central, Astros, Pujols, and Braun are gone. Next on list is Zambrano. Go #Cubs!
#KOBE does it again #Lakers may not b the best team out west, but they got the best player still #KB24 always a chance when hes playing
That's a lot of letters after your name. Nice chatting.
“:Dear Angelics, You inhale.Sincere,Team in 1nd Place#bustedannaheimens” Nothing u say makes sense, but I understand all of it
#GetAustinToTheTop10 im heartbroken at the amount of EFFORT you guys are outting in to help Austin. Its disgraceful.
LONGTIME RHCP FAN!!!! YOU are an amazing drummer, which DUH you already know!!! Happy to be able to follow you! - Mojo
what are you guys doing? (:
Sam Logan was a friend, a gracious man, and a tireless advocate for doing the right thing. He will be missed.
I do, too!
My wisdom tooth is killing me
Volkswagen Reports 31.5 Percent Increase In April U.S. Sales - MarketWatch (press release)
thanks you very much.
#IveAlwaysWanted to meet Justin Bieber, Allstar weekend and Big Time Rush
watching #Twitter change the conversational tide from everyday things to #Osama has been quite amazing -
I'm not lazy, I'm just highly movtivated to do nothing!
rT:Buy 3 nike air yeezys @ $125 Always Forever! Get 4th pair Free! www.NikeAiRYeezys.Us ?Refer 20 Buyers!Get A Pair yeezys Free!
The Amy Senser jury room & the pressures that come with deliberating the case. What our legal expert says is going on in there. KSTP at 10.
Sneaky bitches see my sneaker stitches
> : Why is abbreviation such a long word ?
Can't stop coughing.
Keep doing your thing your gonna make it too!<3
Always have a deeper appreciation for video editing after I spend a day doing it
aw man, that's the worst. sick restaurant employees! but for the record, I was pretty sick, Curt!
Goodmorning social butterflies- OOP! i mean goodmorning social birdies! :) how is everyone??
Reviewing my notes on Everything is Misc: "YOU! You're the one telling my students everything on the net is open to everyone everywhere."
All the bees are getting at you cause your honeys sweeter :)
Merry Christmas everyone!!
Oh you think your all that??
#ABC special report with President Obama from Afghanistan on now
You are coming to the teach-in on Corporate Welfare, Ms Tiffany? Yay! Looking forward to meeting you! Memorial Park, 2/11, 2pm
will do!
It can't submit data that far from its base station. It tracks the data on the device and transmits it when you're back home.
Dude, I would watch that show! RT : ESPN's new racing-based reality show, "The Ryans." Make it happen.
I.will, tonight under the moonlight Lmfao! I can't with myself
Mass Effect 3 Fans Stage &#39;On/Off&#39; Campaign
have a great wedding, Claire! Can't wait to see pics :)
When you kiss my I feel like my feet will never touch the ground.
Super-fun seeing you too! Have a great rest-of-trip!
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we'd all be millionaires. - Abigail van Buren
Hmm. Couldn't sleep much last night. And now I feel like I'm high...
so.. So exhausted
Nobody Ever Knows What I'm Thinking Or What's On My Mind..
Bro, was that you singin on "Welcome to H-Town" on Lecrae's Church Clothes!?
Thank you! RT I was just admiring a copy last night in - love the layout/fold etc.
FRIDAY! finally. almost april :)
If you know the thread count on your bed sheets we're in different tax brackets
thanks bro
You're the best, Tayari! :) Hope all is well. Let me know when you're free & can meet for drinks! : )
ok lets get it back U
You always creep when I'm about to go to bed.
Mb is killing me specifically cuz Ray Ray was tripping over tht bag of oat meal
My 11:11 wish is to have RT this
nope :) dude dude dude dude :)
I've had the best 8 months with and there are a lot more to come <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I've just been arrested by the sex police. what horseshit
getting mixed and mastered be out soon.. T1 made the cut!
I love getting to the office knowing I got a stack every Monday waiting on me.... #?
Oh no. I think I'm obsessed with your company as well!! You're precisely what I need for an upcoming tradeshow! I'll email you :)
got my tix for Madison show! Can't wait!
1994 winning San Diego Chargers team seems as cursed as were actors in the film The Misfits.
One of my best friends got married today! Congrats Kindal and Aaron Haun!
May we all unite on this topic and its impact: TheFatherEffect.org
THEY NEED TO BEAT WATSON ASS IN THE LOCKER ROOM
That one person that always puts a smile on your face >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
hmm, maybe "digital methodologies"
Glad you liked our infographic, thanks for sharing!
I honestly dont know where haters get the balls to mess with Justin. I mean have you seen how crazy Beliebers are? We're fucking crazy.
thanks for spreading the word. Cell phones can also be donated through our site to an organization of their choice
absolutely =) hahaha, I didn't know there a part missing, the best part no less! Thank you!!! Have a MOST wonderful day! <3
Get your tickets to Wells Fargo Here+Now 20Twelve! I'd love to see you there! Its gonna be great!
#tshirtquotes - I wear the brains in the family; Is it so.. :p
We love ! Be sure to check out their music Chick fans!!
i been followin you
After 7237 tweets - mostly in 3 days - it does leave Twitter a bit echoey.
: Obese people often have a lot of starvation symptoms. Malnourished.
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
How many times have you made yourself small enough to fit into a role that you wanted no part of?
thanks Jenn :) nice to see you to
Just got the second pass of my new book, I'm A Good Dog. I'd forgotten all of the back and forth that comes long after the book is "done."
Not all those are avail. though. Just the ones I mentioned, plus...
How Stella (Alyssa) got her groove (voice) back.
getting ready to start back working
was great to see Tito at the ceremonies yesterday...I know I already miss him, he was/is a respectable guy, deserved better
What if we've never been to Memphis? Will you ship random people classy stuff?
Rik Hauptfeld states that his primary function simply is D7!
All I want to do is get a new tattoo and go to Disney *le sigh*
heyy there beautiful(: how about a follow back?
World Series Of Boxing Tonight! The Fillmore Hotel Miami, Beach 1700 Washington Ave. 7:30 PM ET CONTACT ME FOR MORE DETAILS
You rich fucks need to suffer too.
lol He out there in May ! He said if u gnna cash out with him when he go out there lol !
What's being said?
I'm impressed that you read to the end :) I do what I can for the poor battered souls at Bain Capital...
Going to get some tomorrow! :3
Awesome! RT : we're a retro drive-in theater screening classic films! We open in San Diego this summer!
Then everything I own, I'd like for it to be auctioned off and all proceeds go into my sons college fund (one that only he can touch.
i think the middle shapes are sleek, & the others hint of S&M in an oddly fascinating way
Train left 20 minutes late and smells like hot dogs. Yet I have maintained my decent mood? Who am I?
Never made it to the gym yesterday so I better get a move on before procrastination steals the day away.
RT : So what #cwcon tweeps are going to ? I promise to hang out more then!
change your password or something. I got a spam email from you.
That was a little awkward.
that's good. What did u do?
I used denver on #NBA2k12 las night for the 1st time....was killin it! Bout to hop online & whip some ass!
will accept Best Short in Children's Advocacy for GRACE ! Akin to great films like Garbage Dreams & Wasteland.
When your God is great, your fears are not.
Hawthorne Global Aviation Services Opens FBO at MacArthur Airport in New York
Feeling stressed? Come in for a quick or long massage to help soothe and relax. $10 off coupon on www.massagedc.com for newbies :)
Not gonna lie his eyes were pretty glossy... Can't believe I met Doug
!!! RT ": Not a people person, I get annoyed too easily."
Hope those at table with #LAUSD notice - vote was 95%! Stay at table until some sanity can return to teaching under !
Anybody know Alex Grubard's twitter name?
Absolutely. It wasn't until I traveled up there that I realized how much is at stake. In my opinion, not the right place to mine.
Good thing I wore flip flops today...
Word. RT : Thoughtful column from the City of #PDX's Rob Ingram in new ! Nicely done, Rob.
clearly ! but that was the aim for the show no bad real life experiences
its EASTSIDE we in this bitch
is elles papa morgan still living?
Not gone happen!
no link!
Horny! someone talk dirty to me(;
Had tickets, but have to work. Everybody's here and I'll have a nice view from the KING5 sports office.
i have to keep it together like i always do. one day im just going to break...
like adele she is fantastic! I love rolling in the deep its a song I would sing to my ex
awesome news. Let us know if you have a hard time finding classes. Look forward to seeing you on stage at commencements!!!!
They look very Halloween-y. They're perfect.
hjdfshkjsfg get on with it
what was the name of the guy you suggested I reach out to?
are they winning?
If you can dream it, You can do it! Good luck to you!
how long do you think it would take to make the sets into one set?how big would it be I make them a little bigger everyday
The Signature Team had a great time on Saturday! As well as at Linda Waymire's "Unforgettable" Thanks for having us :-)
Gonna miss as a #blazer!
Looking forward to helping students use Bboogle.
Happy Sunday !! Miss your sweet face... Xoxo
Rt if you wAnna see my butt or boobs ?
Ok what the fuck my mentions still don't work
Congratulations to all of our graduates!
its ugly
Prob altho I've never had a Taylor station. (remedying now!) have u tried Spotify? I don't really understand it but might help?
I have high hopes for you , don't disappoint.
You guys are Way Cool!
Just curious: What fitness events are you signed up to try in 2012? 10k? Marathon? Tough Mudder?
how so? Because I'm cheering on the Kings considering the Blackhawks are done....? By the team the Kings are playing?!
JT: You don't have to put everything in the trash, you can recycle. Earth Day is coming soon. I just wanted to tell you about that.
& how long did it take before erin ran off with it lol
We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay. Thank you so much for the wonderful review!
::prays to Road Runner for guidance::
winnin how u been
first thing that popped into my mind too..
This aint your fathers country band!! Get out here Friday night! Bowl Hi Lanes Huntley!!
#operationsweetleaf targeting multiple addresses on #potbust. We're headed to one location now in Adams County
Why is everyone so crazy
amazing picture! RT opening party was a success, congrats & co. @ 1871
And out just as fast. Using Yardsale was such a pleasure, and a big improvement on Craigslist.
You people always trend things when i'm either sleep or in school.
Value the people who sacrifice something for you, because maybe that something was their everything.
This is the month we launch Dove Style Magazine-Great stories about and many more!
Watching my boy killing it with on #bluebloods He's playing a shady jerk. Just like real life!
I don't get how people do that - I get dizzy
My old beat up truck is down...gotta go buy a car today.....or a mule
Nice game ! They can't get you out!
GB is a friggen joke, getting blown out by TB a team of no talent hacks? GB f'in sucks and Rodgers is a complete chump.
You do remember where you live, right? This might be every summer run!
was awesome last night.
that's very cool! since I've been to sf only twice it's great hearing this from someone who knows the place
#stayawayfromme if i tell you im about to smack you
Deertick is reaaly rocking the Beauty Bar! Coast West Unrest and Dusty Sunshine opened magnificently, too. What a great show!
next fall #downtonabbey night at the pub. In honor- what is Lord Grantham's drink of choice?
for all though who are following me i will be sure to follow back rite now i reached a following limit don't worry i got ya..thanx.
Oh no she didn't! She's got problems.
RT RT : Business model for #journalism has changed; non-profits are filling a vital role. Can IRS keep pace?
Just spent my lunch hour down at Hollywood & Sunset for the protest rally against corporate tax dodgers. Close tax loopholes=Balanced budget
so how far are the lakers going this year? Let me hear your prediction lol
Favorite Question: Is the El Korean Nate Dog actual Dog? OH So much fun to answer!!!
glee does it better...
Attn all Poker players and fans: 26 days until the 40th annual WSOP! Follow the commish Personal friend and great guy!
Funny how I like to have a margarita when it's muggy outside.
So if you three would please pick a concept, we'll proceed with production.
come down to Gtown waterfront water st!!
Odd spring weather endangers area crops
You lie awake at night, with blue eyes that never cry.
WORKIN' ON NEW MUSIC!!
when I try 2 follow u it's says forbidden Whts up with tht
ADD ME NOW !
I swear I have lost more best friends than anyone on planet Earth.
We're talking #MeatGlue - and you may have eaten it!
did my mom just hint to me I might be getting my phone back in a couple days...? god I hope so
Behind the Scenes! Seeing a Preview of First Date tonight (tues)? Come early for wine/snacks and an inside look at the show.
usually i had twitter fights but andrew and faisals are entertaining
400 bucks today!
I'm a Hobbit friend too. They're also filiming a movie of another favorite, The Runelords. vote on actors
glad to see you in RN74, Madeline and I really appreciate your help w/the SEOmoz Pro account, thank you so much, too generous!
Aren't they a great bunch? Love them! “: I've been watching #sisterwives marathon. Obsessed.”
One of two things is happening: 1) doppelgänger won't stop staring at me or 2) won't stop staring at me.
Lol got her
It’s not too late to get gifts for mom! has tons of #mothersday gift options.
Thanks for the shout out! Glad to follow! :)
why so hard to use free day certificate? could NOT use, in Metro NYC (where I live), no holidays, and no SUV's?
It feels like I just made this account I forgot how to use twitter
Though there were some mixed episodes, Fringe S4 is definitely and rapidly improving with each great episode. No better sci fi show on TV.
Did anyone tape the grammy's? Can I come and watch? Are they as good this year as it sounds like they are via twitter?
may need Tommy John
hi alice its bellas mom!!
If you had to be introduced to ya own kids , ya ass is
i just did!!! Hahaha
will the Redskins ever have a winning team again?! Y is Grossman still under center?!
Only 2 more hours of MERCY CORPS MONDAY. Plenty of time for dinner, a drink, or dessert. As always, 25% will go directly to Mercy Corps.
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!!
Now that's what I'm talking about!
As a Ph.C. Teaching Assistant, I make $880 every two weeks, w/ $100 taken out by federal taxes. Is that about the same for most TAs?
Thanks for posting these photos!
Thanks It's very humbling.
That sounds a wee bit convenient to me.
Excited!! Today my Author Event at Barnes and Noble La Mesa 1-3pm Save Your Home for the holidays.
but I thought this was different !
#boxing was good this morning, although really should stop blocking with my face...all worth it if owning a boxers hook is the reward!
cute picture!
how many marketing coaches are there on the internet. At last count there were 13 trillion and counting. So who do you trust and follow?
Leadbelly as "fastidious dresser" but posed against a hay bale.
ew your voice mail is so fucking annoying
This is correct!
Yup... just got back to you (was unburying from a weekend in ATL). Hope you are well.
Both...I want to see it next week...growing some feathers in the meantime...
So done with every1.I love how every1 had plans but me. Hope u all had fun thanks for the invite...F- Jersey..
You may find that the interest rate is guaranteed for only a short period of time, or its subject to rise sharply in the future.
had an awesome time in PCB ready for next year!!!!
#ItSeemsLike I always fall in love with the wrong guys
Just because we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. I'm just trying to distance myself because I know I can't have you.
anyone feel tremors???
Welp, that sucked.
Thanks so much. I have a sample of #coldcomfort on my #kindle. When I'm done judging this contest, I'm going to have a readfest
The oldest paper still in existence was made from rags about 150 AD and was discovered in a ruined tower of the Great Wall of China in 1904
Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Champaign, Logan and Union Counties extended until 5:15pm.
- yes, never happy others can commiserate, but it helps to know others understand the agony!
this romper is the most comfortable thing in the world
can you email me with specifics that you need through ? thanks .. apologies...
My 8 year old: I saw this awesome show. Can we look for it on iTunes? I think it was called Gilligan's Island?
that's because there are only about 7 awards left to be handed out.
Market your business or showcase your talent today with the KOKO Dennis Show at www.kokodennistvshow.com or email us at kokodennistvshow
RT : #epatcon the reason they want you to fit in ... Is so that they can ignore you.
finally a guy that is recommending me to I thought it was going to be all girls!
Get well soon! MT I'm not feeling well, but was able to RENEW my materials online to avoid any late fees. THIS ROCKS.
still playing Monopoly! I hate this game!
Happy Birthday to Your Mom, I hope you got her a big Bouquet of flowers
5) See yourself victorious. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #6 coming in 8 hours.
Enjoy ms Kardashian ! Blessings
This week: On Friday and Saturday, we're performing for 's Swan Lake!
Our #ff today is for putting on an amazing show of rock and roll last night.
confession: 1st meal at Commissary tonite, w Luis.
#republican "war on women" = policy based. Dem "war on women" = fiction based. Rep's
We've gotta come up cause there's no further for us to fall
we enjoyed you enjoying it!
Not everything is a
We're in love with you! :)
i swear im tired.
i'm on auto-delete.
I hope its good because usually when they continue movies, they start to get annoying or make no sense, that's my opinion!
I'm playing the ps3 demo of wanted
OMG you serious? I know it's hard, but you'll have to keep trying, cause imagine the moment you do, you'll Probs be one of
Making the final preparations for the luncheon with Danette Leighton at ASU Today.
the cow digs you.
Shorty I'm there for you anytime you need me Forreal girl, it's me in your world, believe me
aww its so cute!!!! you totally jacked my cross charm :p
It's a good thing the label on this pills reminds me to take them by MOUTH
Outside.In Sounds like the new e-Reader local replacement of Newspapers!
Excited to be keynoting for the Utah Commission on Volunteers next April!
Check out our bluebonnets while ur here, they r beautiful this time of year :)
hanson tap die sets
I know when I'm unwanted
RT : Props to and table number 9 (incl. !) - winners of #QUIZrael at
Performing FREE BOTTLE ROCK show tonight at 7 PM in Culver City. For any of you who can't make it, I will be performing the BMI Acoustic...
and what you mean by pucker up?
I think I'm done with foursquare.
Guys can you please follow me i need followers ; i follow back <3 !
that would be so awesome! Yet weird! Haha I WANNA JOIN(:
So who 'owns' the Hornets and who 'owns' the Saints? I know NFL has a rule about owning other sports franchises. See Kronke...
Anthony scioli is the biggest bitch ever. Just wait.
At the for our last public diplomacy class.
. Album Release Party - July 8 @ Club Arnetic 2826 Elm St in Deep Ellum...LADIES FREE before 11 pm & FREE FOOD..
wow well i just texted u it -anna
Happy New Year from all of us at Nash & Associates
-hm so childish, they have nothing better to do
for sure. Be well my friend. Xo
This girl in this Jacob latimore video #WhyYoShoes where they at ?? 0.0
yeah dont hate =P its a stupid thing i know
Hi Ginger, how's life???? xoxo
We do carry a few coconut waters already, but I'm not sure which brands. Feel free to send distributor info & samples.
Let me wrap you in my arms.
Indy's very own DAVE DECKER () is now part of the Air1 family! Listen to him on 90.5 Air1 this wknd from 12-4pET. Tell ur friends
Good Morning ATL
have a good flight dude and be sure to say hi to the Midwest for me.
I know. Doesn't hurt to try though. :-) RT : that ain't happening, the girl is a workaholic. :-)
“: FACT: Since Jan 2011, I've signed more than 200 bills into law; 94.97% had bipartisan support.” that's why we stand with you!!!
So tired
I love you but I'm honestly not "model gorgeous." I have so many insecurities and flaws, but I promise you you're perfect.
Think I just hurt my back dog-piling on in bed. Womp.
take me to a one direction concert, and we'll be bestfriends.
yo its Bivè up and at it
RT : Girls cheat if theres something wrong with the relationship; guys cheat if theres an opportunity...
why u to sexy for that
i hop up out the lab wit the #Bread like a #DOZEN loaves..
New pics of Lisa Gay Hamilton on Beyond Redemption Facebook page.
haha! Funny... I was in the mood for something different. How are you?
nothin much! Miss you, hope you're doing well!
I swear I see the number 123 everywhere... ._.
I'll keep it PG. Lol. Have a great night girlfriend. <3
Don't be so ambiguous
Detroit Tigers look poised to win the 2011 #MLB World Series.
more like "whoop whoop, pull over that ass is too fat" haha!!
You always have that one person you never want to lose:)
Can't let my email sit for more than a few hours. It looked like I-85 at 3:oopm on a Friday! Yikes!
Please be the cash cab...please be the cash cab...please be the cash cab...
You be folding the wash thinkin shit like "id rather be wearin this shirt than the one i got on matter fact" ...
Forcing us to have a "regular class" following a 2-hour midterm is just cruel.
I am signed up for that webinar too!
Bye bye seniors :)
I believe that's accurate.
NYC Urchin, thanks for asking. I've been skating since 1971. Besides family, it's my greatest passion. I love shaping decks.
What's a burnt pizza, frozen beer, & a pregnant girl have in common? In each scenario there was a DUMBASS who didn't take it out in time.
I saw the canal, so what else is there to do beside focus on the Big Game? Super Bowl es muy importante para Knowteria ;)
What a relief it is to rest in Him.
That feeling when the inside of your hand is lightly rubbed until you fall asleep
oh and thanks for following me
God will forgive you but I won't forgive you.
Ellen pleaze watch my brothers video on youtube!..hes a rapper from LA...Suprah Navah-Over The Hill featuring Nelly Marilu
The beautifulest of girls are never to be seen.
"You know what fame is? Sitting with the women of your dreams and forgetting what her name is."
is so hot right now
Ur avi looks like u already turned 'water into wine' for the weekend! Lol!
and Julian Bond introduce documentary Freedom Riders + FREE screening @ The Paramount! 1/25/11 5pm Reception (FREE)
you could be the dyke bouncer. lmao!
Dodgers score in the Bottom of the 3rd. 1-0
NO YOUR THE REASON FOR MY SMILES AND LAUGHS AUSTIN!:):)
Chicago! Goose Island tonight! 21+ for only $8 starting at 9:00 P.M be there! :)
Holy gray hairs emerging from my scalp! #ImOnly24 :-(
U gettin ur weed from the wrong source.... All we got is Loud over here!
More fun than...a pillow fight!
I'm looking forward to watching Tom Bergeron say, Go Ricki! Go Ricki!
yall don't listen....
As long as none of the Broadway shows are "Bye Bye Birdie" none of them will get money from me.
"Moments mean the most." -- Amanda the Great
no problem just curious!! nice to tweet u though!
I am gonna try to get famous by tweeting his music to celebrities that RT their fans
#77 very cool girl..Good tweets :)
you should have brought him to the apartment. i would have babysat him for the weekend.
ha see I know
Aye who list yall be on when yall come to ultrabar
Where's my boyfriend
When I remember how long I've been married I think about the year I graduated, add 5 years and do the math from there
i love my stalkers <3
don't know about that one
Did I mention, I just want to paint?!!!
I love the Nike Gloves but it was unique that Oregon fans put there hands together like a bunch of Bieber fans now every NFL stadium will.
#TGIF excited for the Birthday Extravaganza tonight celebrating and ! Happy Birthday!
Salvage the Bones by Jesmyn Ward this weekend
Breaks my heart RT : According to , & laid off by the
I thought I smelled gin and regrets....
I respect a man who knows what he wants out of life and has a plan to get it.
Those who hurt you don't deserve you and those who love you won't desert you.
oh my god. I know right?
Why music streaming services face the same challenge the iTunes Music Store did: t.co/c0mQZUMN
shhhh! Don't tell spring that it's here already! You'll scare it away.
Don't forget: Buy a Half Off ticket for the Best of the City party. The Groupon deal ends tonight! It's the Party of the Year!
thanks so much! We look forward to expanding to wherever we can improve life for members of the military!
may the fourth be with you
Where can you run to escape from yourself? Where ya gunna go? Where ya gunna go? Salvation is here....
says not to expect anything this year
Happy Birthday there, you're a beautiful girl you deserve it :) have a great day :) xo
i can understand that point and agree to an extent.
EWH. the girl looked like taylor lautner in twilight..
TSN set must be getting the booze Bobby V barred from Red Sox locker room
Stellers is my new boyfriend hahah
If its periactin, it works
Saul made me this cool ass drawing of an elephant.
I can always tell when my mom's home because I hear random music playing outside. #shelikeshermusicloud <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
if i get a First Kiss ...
when is our next video gchat session? won't be the same w/o lily reclining in the royal box, but we can still pick our noses.
I smell like Wingstop now -___-
woah way to trade up the avatar photo!
Thank you, bizarre shopping site "Mother's Day" edition email, I do think my mother would appreciate some new matches. (what?? no)
Iight(Never thought I'd get advice from someone who's a few years younger than me,lol)but thanks,I'll keep at it.
can anyone help me find a sponsor who sells #tigerblood in eco-friendly bottles? would LOVE that at our next Sandy Feet Event!! ;)
Not as much action on CCPR has I thought was going to happen! Back to the beginning...reaching for a new alert for you all!
Who did say was the queen of measurement/analytics??
happy easter weekend everybody and to my jewish friends have a great passover week
lmao u a fool
Glad I was your 100th. More comics to come.
; I love youu . . <3 your like the topp broo (; Keep it going !
guess what
First one and locked out of where are you
have you heard of boulder/denver b-cycle? really like your article on bike-sharing movement in the US
send us an wmail w/acct info and issue regardless. we'll see what can be done.
It's beautiful out!!!
today will be better today will be better today will be better today will be better
thanks for the follow. You guys have a great website too and lots of great things going on!
Jrue on Allen?
(and usually only 1 leg)
#frustrated with how expensive flights get during the summer. I just want to get to #Nebraska for a decent price!!
happy birthday from your home up in Boston! :D
Cant believe everything you told !
atlanta rainy
What @ Glockenspiel in St Paul?
Happy New Year west coast!
Bella's first words were teta and que? LOL
Smokin squares and sippin booze....let's have fun!!!
isn't that the one were going to? Haha
Why does always suggest uninstallation as a solution to problems? I'm going to document my fix and email it to Bill.
OU Oh Yeah!
Not surprised that 2011s top stock in the DOW is McDonalds. Bad economy=fast food. Hope sales of their 'healthy menu" is their top performer
Joel Anthony's hair line is ridiculous!
Head to the B on this beautiful Thursday for a juicy burger, and then to the Monument tree lighting for a delicious Puffs&Pastries treat!
Great! You?
a HOMEMADE balloon nonetheless. lmaooo poor kid.
nice work on the nasslli website. It looks good.
Xmas merch/propaganda spotted at & elsewhere BEFORE HALLOWEEN. If there's a war on Xmas, Xmas is winning!
where can I check it for my own ?
AND I KNOW IT'S TOO LATE. BUT I WANT IT THAT WAY
for me too, was obsessed with it!... not exactly a terrific social skill shall we say :)
Fight day! on Fox prelims at 2pm and Mayweather vs Cotto at 6pm!
clearly regretted that choice
RT RT ": Nothing teaches us better than our own experiences."
The Guy That Invented An Amazing Big Data Tech Says Oracle And ...
that's the same link I send in emails
To this day, the best way to find people on Twitter is to start your search in Google... or arguably
thanks for following!!
S/O to for the ride to Clifton! and I love you!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Had an amazing dinner w/ the roomies last night at Mercato (12th & Spruce). Highly recommend it. Best BYOB I've been to in awhile.
love it!! Let me know how it is! I'm at work..I'm DVRing it
Just asked my mom for words to describe me ... She hesitates and says TALL ! #thanks #tallgrlproblems #love&support
YOU WILL ALWAYS BE MY BABY ;-)
im worried is this the new way of writing don't understand people who reject all grammatikal conventions whatsoever starting to annoy me
At the #Entergy theatre in New Orleans. Thought the name was very Jack Donaghy.
Omfg. Can't believe I'm finally going to see RA this summer. Efffffffsoexcited.
Knowing you are making progress is 1 of the biggest psychological factors keeping you motivated & on target-re-member, you are progressing.
could be true but I hope not
Is Downtown at Reserve Lounge
Well fuck who you like and fuck who you want. ;3
I was speechless the movie is amazing and I loved you too but I loved you but I was scared as I love this incredible!!!
Counting down the hrs - only a half work day, 2 church services & 4 O Holy Nights til I go to Virginia. Can't wait! Merry Christmas to all!
yo give me a call boss
from Santa Monica, I get tips through friends
Take away any evil thought within me, Take away anything that proves to break Your heart.
hehehe "MOMMY!!! MoMmy! Mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy..." Best commercial yet.
I make goals. I pray about it. Do something about it. And achieve them. That's it. Plain n simple :)
I luv mi frends evn do we go through rough times we still luv eachother Imma giva shout out ta all mi haters:Stop hatin&start Appreciatin
I thought you were done with her
Things tend to change when you put a label on it or fully commit. Not always for the better
Oh no worries... thanks for the follow back!
how are you ??
That moment when you realize that you know ever member of one direction, only because they are constantly trending on twitter....
man im tired af
"We just met and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe!" Luv that song!!!
i was super bored by most books that i've read, but HOLY SHIT did veronica stir something in my soul. enjoy
but when will that ever be?
An hour of sleep, two energy shots, and a Red Bull. My apologies if you find me passed out somewhere in the store.
Geez...Jim Gray and Bill Walton...can u have a duo that loves hearing themselves speak more??
i remember him one of my alltime favorites
Helping young patron w/file clerk resume. Alphabetizing is a skill, I say. He says, How do you spell that?
Today business taxes are due - if you did not file, make sure you have filed for an extension!
is going to drink that wine before the end of this pitch. Did you see the look in his eyes?!
LET YOURSELF BE FREE.... The possibilities are endless!!!!
it's it true you made him cry???
Time to open up the kiln and see the new millefiori! Squee! It never get old for me. :)
thanks. We are having fun with it. Family weekend in Brown County. Good times.
Chillin in Dallas fam! What's good with you?
damn is that your house?!
Oh how I love those books. Can't wait for #Blackout!
A 4 year old just told me I remind him of a mermaid :) my day has been made <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><3
Deep RT : #Concur RT : I dont get how the government expect us to starve and not sin..
u got one of the most amazing smiles like light up the room smiles
You can take the boy out the hood but ya cant take the hood from the boy $
Morning tweet peeps.
Should I drop Showtime? Only shows I like, Dexter/Homeland do not start for a while and no like application available to me.
One of my friends cannot tell a story to save his life and confuses me EVERY time I talk to him.
If it wasn't for guys like you, there wouldn't be songs like this! -_-
different guy on this side.
Sad? Sad is a child being beaten, tortured or murdered! This is plain STUPIDITY!!!
Still no luggage, but XM Radio in the rental car was left on E Street radio - so I have that going for me
Then evil would prevail, obviously. What's that quote, that all it takes for evil to win is for good people to stand back.
It's a good night for Brasa. I wonder how many other Minneapolitans think the same thing?
pick up
why whay why why why! That sucks!
We can however destroy the enviroment we need to survive. Never the less the Earth will continue to circle the sun with or without us.
political entrepreneurs are people who can't cut it in business so they use politics to get power, money, don't contribute
In spite of the fact that our cells produce acid waste body fluids maintain alkaline pH as long as we choose healthy lifestyles
how about you & I make a animal planet love making video for our campaigns!
All as the Holidays are apporaching, please find in your hearts to send a care package to the brave dogs serving our country and the...
Im up early :o
come ONE DAY IN BULGARIA JUSTIN
I say, long live the potty mouth!
Dear Tummy, sorry for all the butterflies. Dear Pillow, sorry for the tears. Dear Heart, sorry for the damage. Dear Brain, you were right.
rough rough half draft
Wait what? Seriously, let's just organize a conference. At an airport, of course.
Love me some law & order #svu!
Gaaah dayum. 8 o'clock & I'm already sleepy?! O.o
Ready to hear Michael Suarez talk about Rare Books in Digital Age
Should I be studying finance or something
having practice everyday is really starting to pay off :)
Would love to make an even money bet on one of the three American players to win the Main Event vs the other six guys.
Shining, shimmering, splendid..
Phoneless for the night
eating dinner. wbu???
Thanks! That mother's protective instinct is something else...
I completely agree, though Thompson loves youth .. Too much so
No worries! I know you stay on your grind. :)
What does everyone think of the new #Adtr video? We're so glad HL was a part of it.
True. My bad. Lol
NW#Coming To America
Summer where you at
wheres my invite?
What does the future hold? Events we can be sure of. The big picture. Really big! (RBP)More to follow.
man i hope you will be. and who needs to follow doctors rules?! lol
those who have lost loved ones are not comforted by efforts to dehumanize the dead. These deaths are a preventable tragedy.
With great weather comes cops waiting to catch you! Watch your speed...they're everywhere today!!!
Hello, Guys (:
Hi, , did you get my email about the project we were working on last year? Is it already completed, or shelved?
Thanks for giving our first Spring Seminar a shout out!
Is probability math or stats? /// YES!
just got back fro
let's "do sex."
I am sweet n soft, noting more softer then me "Emy the Sweet"
Bainbridge Island treated me very well tonight. Great time performing at the Pegasus.
I love driving home at sunset.
Love that song!!
I stand corrected. I'm going to blame Jeremy Clarkson for that mix up.
The focus must be risk based with primary efficacy end-points and serious adverse event review at the top of every monitor visit.
Cool, new Yoplait flavors! RT Today I started my new diet with pizza and a cherry turnover. I like this plan. ;)
Anybody the around Santa Monica area want to meet up for a bit today anytime between 4-7ish?
Summer can't come fast enough! Gonna be looking into music<U+266B> schools! <U+263A>
love it... love you. Subculture has never looked so hot. LOL
GREAT hastag! :) #Skills2PayBills Will tip off our Youth Prgm ppl! -CV
Travis has a vag
Going to the city today!! And midnight movie watching the hunger games :)
good! Do you get to sleep soon?
I'm in church lol
This! RT - #badgers Sounds as if Big Ten hockey will be going to neutral sites for its tournament.
What is this?
yeah I found that fairly alarming. sigh.
"He has traveled both sides of the road. That is why he understands your darkness and can see the light". #dexter. S6 ep6
Freddie Prinze Jr. just said "come aboard" in a very, very serious tone. This cannot be overlooked.
Are you asking people to lie? Doesn't that violate the trust framework?
nah the nba should delete all the wack people and have all the ballers in teams
she's not that far from you! Get her number and form a rhythm section
yep! but until then it's your mother's duty to get on your nerves...bahahaaa
Bahahaa hey. Its spreading through the coast tho. Its in the water
thx for the mention!
I hate waiting on people and they make you late.
my second home this week... Toka Salon!
really like how ur team got after it last night
Meh. I think that 21 point halftime lead against a winless team had more to do with it.
turn wifi on/off... also, on a mac i realized i had forgot to hit "apply" on the systems pref. frame after adding the ip
"Legally he may have been right" So Das got fired for doing his job?
wat is up my twitter fam?
missed you guys yesterday at #OpOliver. This neighborhood is great, you guys should move here. Just sayin'...
This week has been full of awesome! and rock!
Dang baby all I need is a lil bit(;
good! Haha but u still don't like it :P
oh gee thanks. poof! lol love ya!
our next challenge is going to be to post without using the word "riff" because 3 is a trend.
I am a big Neil Young fan! Dan Jablons (Hiram Katz)
wasn't taking any chances!! Holy cow a zombie master! Awesome
No way! Seriously. Way cool. don't u need an Assistant?
Thanks to all the Fayette Co. Democrats who showed up for the "Friends at Fancy Farm" event today. Great to see so many friends.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Naughty Britches!!
Good morning :) I hope you have an awesome weekend!
; You're A Stranger <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Actually, we've been working on our rendition for months! “: Baby Got Back?”
These days you can't mend one heart without breakin another.
can you please follow me Miss Sprint Cop thanks Bobby Howarrd :-)
RT : Pure example of rising when being written off#Torres#Drogba ! U guys r my inspiration !
Subscribe to Yung Rizzo's YouTube channel. www.youtube.com/officialyungrizzo for the latest videos and news!
140k. I coulda told her that, even with the not so accidental nip slip. #SMH But damn Adele is killin it.
hey thank you so much:)
has done it. ;) lmao.
From 3pm yesterday to 3pm today, i will have worked 18 hrs. 19 if you count lunches
I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. i'll learn to expect the lowest out of the people i thought the highest of
you're just adorable and you make me want to smile
I'll take a water
Air travel. Wheeee.
Test running in my race outfit. Important things.
damn matrix, get on with your2010 self
gaz where are you qt right by blue line? im contactn my teacher to see if she could pick u up
News media needs to stop using the word "conservative" for right wing that doesn't want to "conserve" anything at all.
Live like Spongebob and Patrick, laugh out loud all day without any reason, and annoy the mean people with your happiness
do you bookmark everything??? Hahaha I do -_-
R.I.P M-Bone
If you will excuse me... that thunder and lightning just now has made it necessary for me to change my pants.
Two Suns Massage is now located in SE portland. New clients recieve your first massage for only 40 dollars!
hahahaha that is awesome! good for the pregnant in heels people, treating every day like halloween, we all should do that
Awesome pic Big Red! Good Luck today!!
ok sure. I'm new to twitter though...so do I un-follow you or can you do that from your end?
Trying to get fame and fortune isn't always bad, it's just depends on how you act when you do get the fame and fortune..
Thanks for the mention. Come visit! The pop-up shop is at 3041 24th St. @ Treat.
Mike, how is 1 Tweet u click on, extending that tweet, a waste on ur phone, if u have to know 2 follow for more tweets 4 answer
Bernard Pollard is a Pats killer..Brady, Welker, Gronk..
C-Span
lol il probably start it in a minute then.
I fell asleep on you last nighht . but imu 2 ;
Up just 2 watch skip and Steven A this comedy
Had an awesome lunch date today :D
That was the Half Amazing part
no problem ! (:
LISA!! You are freaking me out on #CelebApprentice so different then I would have expected.
Did I see the Puff Daddy hologram shoot hologram 2Pac at #Coachella?
Aye man shout out to Mike Epps... WHEN'S THE NEXT FRIDAY COMING OUT.... JUST A THOUGHT LOL
I didn't even get to take my long ass shower.
Day one
Get it! Get it Get it!
Don't miss The Living Statues featuring Claire Kelly at 9pm tonight at the !
alright. best website/store in la to buy wooden beds for under $1100. someone help. i'm buying my first ever bed.
Social FAIL "Facebook's "People You May Know" feature exposed dual marriages" (via )
RT RT : Sept 3rd-6th, Enjoy the Cucumber Refresher Pedicure for $25. A true labor Day treat! (We agree!)
RT“ pray for mommy <U+2665>”
Sometimes I think there's a monster who lives in my stomach and that's why I'm hungry all the time.
Which Hillary Rosen are you NOT related to? I hear there are 3 or more?
its just randomly came up in my head
No, same-sex marriage should not be a "state's issue." Civil rights should be federally protected, and never put to popular vote.
I love Peyton Manning. But Elway is such a Dick to Tebow
Looking for quiet place to write & drink tea. Voila! Dose. Coffee & Tea, Murphy Rd., Nashville. Yummy sandwich, too. So nice to meet you!
Its funny how most everybody had over a few 100 tweets and I'm only almost to 100(:
What kind of Ford Truck or SUV do you have? Why do you love it?
Everyone follow
Whose house? MT : To whom this may concern: I'm your momma's favorite rapper
Yaw Indy peeps! get out in this nice-ish winter Sat weather!
No, I did not win the gas card from
I know u are so happy about ur house closing. I'd luv to take u & Eddie 2 my old plantation that Garths' mgr is renovating.
you seem like a real prick, do you have no respect 4 people who dedicate their life to making others laugh like
It's good stuff! RT : K9 Natural Freeze-Dried Dog Food: Natural products, holistic remedies, organic food, and more for...
#BestWaysToGetRidOfAGirl .Dont get with them in the first place....
follow us on Facebook as well.
lol so ii just started this twitter thing now ii need fine lookin ppl to follow....
By any means
Being money hungry gets you nowhere
thank you for following me back. Let spring begin
happy birthday :D
thanks. I kinda miss serenades man, that was like the first one
Weaver doesn't mess around, but what do you think about Shaver at W&M? Has SW VA (Hampden-Sydney) and ACC roots (UNC).
Braves won.
Bring me some? I don't have any! :(
hoped there would be more to it for Rogers than contract. Sad.
tough to DM when you're not following...
nvm, achilles issue for Ron Garretson
Lakerz tonight.. No D rose fukn Bulls .. all good Lucas 3rd got it.. bench time..
Is it pigfish to eat a whole chocolate peanut butter cupcake? Raw of course.
We sell umbrellas starting at $1.99
What're you talkin about man? I tweet all the time...
Newest question: "Can you see the writing on the iPad?" What's ahead?
Say what you want about me... but I work hard....
9am bus was a bad idea.
What part of town?
- I am at the Albuquerque Hispano Chamber of Commerce at a Social Media Marketing Workshop
Can someone tell me or give me the link to the best/most correct definition of a troll? I'm getting contrary definitions.
. just arrived at GK and 2 DeLoreans are parked outside! Come meet him and have him sign your copy of "Ready Player One". 4pm!
Oh how far he has fallen... RT : ...LHP Dontrelle Willis removed from restricted list and assigned to Class-A Aberdeen roster
Asdfghjkl! Every time I watch 's #neversaynever it never fails that I start to cry & get anxiety.
When the tailgate drops the bullshit stops.
Ah - NICE! My first car (in 1994) was 1981 Datsun hatchback. Loved that car!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that the friends you make then will be your friends through out high school
word. Heard it was suppose to be pretty
#PetPeeve People who can't spell but always typing.
What about Aaron Craft?
Love having free periodd
I hope everyone's enjoying #SWHNL and #SpamJam! Wish I could be hanging with you guys! Enjoy!!
D4 looks amazing, my friend is a Nikon guy. So far he is disappointed with D800 first thoughts. Says he is sticking with his D90
Just got a s/o on jc's blogtv. ~~popula~~
The ability to use any public restroom and not touch anything with my hands is my superpower.
pretty great!!
That is.. bizarre. I think I love you, Pilot.
All I do is shop all day for
Thanks for biking over last week. Hope they gave you the 2 wheel discount! ;)
Random questions!?
did you see your boy on #DWTS tonight? DANG! That boy can dance! Come on out to LA for the show!
is that easier for pick up stuff etc?
Starbucks playing Will Smith's "summertime"...two women in L. Vuitton waiting on their drink thinking this is a little too hardcore. Funny.
ESPN was rather enjoyable before the NBA decided to start playing again.
sarmust-gmail.com
"Let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not."~Galatians 6:9
That movie The Help, was absolutely beautiful
who sings rockstar??
Thanks for the follow! All this gratitude we're bringing into the world - just through friendly tweeting! :)
Today everyone is mexican Lol love it RT : Today I'm Mexican
Omg dude; I didn't know that! I hope the ppl there are ok. Omg.. hope you and your family is ok..
ok they are setting up a table for us now:)
I had a great time with family and friends, now it's back to LA for me :)
So... Its supposed to be the end of the world, or the start of the apocalypse tomorrow, we will see you here. Have a great weekend everyone!
My mama might make me go cause she probably wants to be an asshole..
Yes! Aren't they awesome?!
Board members including look forward to Regional Professional Leadership Mtg. today. Let's collaborate
Technology is really hating on me right now. I can't get anything to work!
More playing time for Captain Kirk when Torres comes back.
up next: men at work! charlie sheen and emilio estevez FTW!
Go Skins!
Hope becomes unstressed and unbusy because I would like to see her soon <U+263A>
RT : This!!! RT : I am a #Scorpio and I'm a thinker.
I don't like al those negative news in the papers
Best tweet I've heard all day-->RT : Today was the final straw..Time to move on. I refuse to spend the rest of my life this unhappy.
YES! Because I like to gaze upon sad, homeless kitties that I cannot help. While drinking coffee.
Some family trees have beautiful leaves, and some have just a bunch of nuts. Remember, it is the nuts that make the tree worth shaking.
lmao oh lord! Its SUNDAY FUNDAY lol I'm good juss here n texas lol with the crazys lol wut u been up too?
I don't know, there's something to be said for a podcast that sounds like hilarious schizophrenia.
Prepping for my new Project...... Video Shoot in a min.....
Happy 16th Birthday you beautiful two!!!!!
thats the move then Sir! I might fall thru Mint n fux with ya later... Will u be the DJ?
Sorry! Umm if is around smack her....on the bum. Lol
S/O to my supporters, opposers, friends and foes!!!
How you gunna tell me what to smoke and you dont even smoke...SMH.....#BAMSQUAD get wit it or kick rocks
good stuff!
I've seen ppl almost get hit by cars and shit...
Who needs that when you have an award winning smile and personality!
Happy #FF and thanks for the RT's this week
and it's the best type of beer too... NICE
Bring it! We crush dreams.
The Valentine's Day will be transformed after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
okay, be there in 5.
: No prob! You're a great org. #MKE #Philanthropy makes where we live a better place. THANKS!
I fucking hate my job.
just found out my great aunt passed away back in March of this yr...thought this person was desceased...a squandered opportunity..
Six things I know (and one I don't)
Congressman Doggett in talking at Save TX Schools conference--make this a movement and not a moment
Last full day of school. FINALLY. Summer can almost begin.
Beer, pizza and a slasher novel.
Of course, being a Book Review Editor is volunteer labor on top of everything else that I as a professor have to do. So, don't do that.
POTUS' speech was great, but he never covered the level of pervasive corruption that engulfs Afghan society. From Karzai on down.
#DIWOmediamaking with and danish donuts
Chile seeks alliances to increase fish consumption - FIS
We have doubles. You get one bobble per ticket. We don't have the ones offered today but...
Anyone else stoked on starwars 3d Coming to theaters? What's your favorite star wars character?
ok, for non-geeks, what is CDVIII???
Will release low-bandwidth version to general public? Very frustrating when at a WiFi hotspot and call is choppy or delayed.
Don't sass me woman. Turn to the food network. There's a show on there called how to boil water. Watch it. :-p
u mean green n yellow lol
Wow that list is full of so much fail. I was going to give examples, but every single point is terrible.
It's #80s Thursday! Don't forget to send us your song requests!
idk why everyone is all of a sudden jumping on Joseph Kony now, when hes been doing this since 1988...
Things got downright acrobatic this morning at ! Inner thighs will be hurting tomorrow, thanks to instructor Alona!
don't you mean "what's up with Rose Pak running negative search ads..."? Yes. Yes. Yes.
i have heard great things about Mother's Bistro!
Travel Deal: Disney resort hotels 30% off. For stays April 13 thru June 14. Book before end of March.
What's good Crystal, how good is that remix. and Juelz go IN on their verses.
After school some ish is about to go down!
You still have six hours to get your half-price Wisconsin Beer Lovers Festival tickets through GROUPON!
Reminder: Twestival Flashmob is coming up! Visit www.HoustonFlashmob.com for more information!
o- exciting! Good luck at the interview!
Thanx 2 & for #goatdinner suggestions! Keep em coming! Not long until another dinner w offerings from
All signed up for that 7K run u should sign up too...free Bucket afterwards first we run then we get lucky
Is that your restaurant on today ?
OMG BLATANT call 4 attention! If u were a chick...you'd b the type with low self esteem. LOL!
u got a friend in me
: dont get going to miss :(
excellent Vespa-ing weather today.
Watching The Giants Parade on FOX looking for my hubsy!
Own a Halfcut Tee? Post up a picture of you wearing it, Use the hashtag #mirrormondayHC and the best photo will be featured on our instagram
First ever show tommorow night. !
Tastes delicious, gotto try it. No way, no additives! “: u blend that up? what does it taste like? Any additives?”
i still cant get over the fact that justin followed me and he ddnt retweet me or anything and thats the only reason i didnt notice
: and it continues haha. Had to throw out the "degree from the best U in the state" LOL Go
OH SHHNAP I GOTS TO GO WATCH IT...thats my ish right there.
gaming experience The Smart Airsoft Shopper?s Guide
New friends , good.
thanks for sharing.
PS I am a FOND member
Glad to see you land on your feet, miss the afternoon insight!
Shut up !!
Henry David Thoreau The secret of achievement is to hold a picture of a successful outcome in the mind.
#omg #DC #weather is so amazing today. Let's talk about it ad nauseum. Omg omg omg
Took all my energy to walk my bike to the shop for a tune up. A sweaty wreck I am.
I've started seeing Austin in some of the teen magazines.. there was even a poster in one of them. It's weird.
Thinking back on 2011. What are the best #photography tips you got this year?
Meeting with 3 new clients today!
i made a perfect hair bun.
I won't be watching to find out. I'm going to force myself away from it xD And from what I've heard about it so far, it's a
I will check these out. Thanks!
Happy Valentines Day !
OMG! I have had this conversation at least 500 times!!! Thanks for asking the hard questions!
Aww It's the Pisces in me! You're pretty great yourself. <3
haha wanted to beat traffic and it's better to be down here takin pictures of carf then be at my house haha
Holliday is the main man. Pujols needs to be benched. It was a terrible last inning but it's 1-1 so we got time.. "/
link not working...
I know right... I guess this is a last resort for resurrection
Got my light up shoes on
Need to do remember to do mindfulness meditation before, after, and during any to ATT customer service.
Going home to lie down
he gonna choke like usual
Thank you so much for all your efforts!
Which is totally NOT me! :P
taxes, check. done. there you go uncle sam. take my soul.
we do hire webcam models now! and invite you to join us if you want.
Them quiet ones is the one u got to worry about. Them loud ones.. I'm just go put it like this
Happy first day of spring! Take any opportunity to enjoy the beautiful weather outside with your family.
True that! RT On my way to Columbus for #transformingrace. Who else is going? Also there *must* be a better hashtag? :)
The last thing I want to do is hurt you, but it's still on the list.
As with EVERYTHING...if It's not good for you, U CAN ALWAYS TELL A FRIEND :-)))) It MIGHT BE just want they were searching for :-))))
Really enjoyed the piece in today's Post, by the way.
One in seven Americans in poverty. Working age poverty worst since 60's. All GoTEA talk about is tax cuts for rich. Disgusting.
I don't blame you. It's like when you actually go to a gym you can do better
Me and are jammin in our rooms :D
thoroughly enjoyed auditioning for two principal roles for the new Charlie's Angels pilot in Miami. The script has action and adventure!
My night is a lot better when the celtics lose by 1 and the lakers get a spanking by 33 only in the 3rd quarter
I love Sweet Home Alabama.
The biggest hamburger ever served weighed 8,266 lbs. It was cooked in 2001 at the Burger Fest in Seymour, Wisconsin.
Played in the rain for the first time in years. I should do it more often
Happy Super Bowl Sunday everybody.
Watching godzilla i am. Disturb me not
Welcome all new and returning KMC team members! Thanks for braving the weather! 2012 will rock!
do you really wanna know....? Lol it scared the crap out of me when I clicked it...
#Orlando home investments is hot! Last week has been nuts crazy!
Thanks! It's awesome to see info about our game has made it all the way to France!
what are u up too?
Just took an "I'll be back" shit.
it was super cute!
*bounces and breaks back* what it do boo! LOL RT : Love_Reign shaawwttyyy what yo name is?
my heart stopped cuz of seriously O.o
10am on Friday, realizing how much work I still have to do and how I'm not going to get a weekend :(
#8days until #boyfriend so freakin excited
Thanks again for joining in and listening. AchieveGlobal wishes you all the best luck and much future
i wish
She obv doesn't know what fashion is :)
is now following if you want to make a step in the right direction, you Follow them as well.
Cecil Baxter~ You dont get anything clean without getting something else dirty.
Im Going at Midnight tonight!!!! What Now ! Only People With Swag Do That!!
sittin at home wit chad and the girls bored as hell
I don't know. I get responses from He should have a million fans.
I just saw you on Lion King and you were truly breath taking! Pure talent. The show was the best i've ever seen!
Just ate a NYC dirty water hot dog - They taste great, but those things go thru u like a Bon Jovi cover band went thru my ex-wife's pants.
awww RIP uncle Ciaran lots of prayer to the fam!
Read every word: he lives in NJ, in TV, a Yanks fan, & born on April 6. My comment never said DS, but could have
Q10: we like to cook our veggies on our George Foreman grill
RT please if you are very thankful for all Alex does! I would hate to see this not get a lot if retweets He's awesome!!:D
Being the bigger person, understanding, and not freaking out about the situation >>>
It's a beautiful day for a Bobblehead night stadium with my #1 cutie x1231x
I wake up with WAKE UP allday love him
Tell them that. I can't do it anymore. Or lordy, don't we all.
truth. Might be idk. If not i gota website w every episode. Check hbo on demand too
THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW TONIGHT @ MOLLY BLOOMS PUB IN WATERLOO, ONTARIO
People don't change. Your expectations of them do.
I better check it out then. I haven't had a gyro in a while.
- Thx for following.
Skype just asked me to login... Three strikes your out on the Mac. Microsoft?
One hand buzz: play ghost notes on snare in a groove and experiment with one hand buzzes on toms and snare.
I've been lost but i wont lose you
If you are watching #Scandal 2nite, watch the homie on live Fri @ 3pm! She is the same IRL!
my hats aren't here yet </3
From the fish's point of view, that is.
Watching the Grizzlies finish 'em off with my girls
Thank you so much guys!! #iFollowAll #teamfollowback :D
can i retire and move to Ecuador? what a nice vacation idea send our parents
I really don't think 2 ppl should've never been yelled at in my government class get rid of those 2 boys n we'll be good!
Advice given to interviewee: Don't tell me how much u will love to work for my company; tell me what u will DO for my co. in thank u note.
RT : Watch newscasts #OnDemand Channel 411! Tune in to today at 9 a.m. for more details!
I should be able to make it, tho my cousins flying into town from HI tmr, so not certain
Tell everyone about ! Firsst 10 people to retweet this gets our single Sunshine for FREE!
lana del rey is my everything....
Count me in, esp for anything frosty-cold and delicious!
but I think his view of technology in the classroom is suspect or at best not clearly defined.
wow! just googled her; she is cute as hell!!!!! fuuuuuuuuuuuck
so can you talk now what's up.....anything new?
I have fellow wrestling-fans/awesome-people-in-general coming in from all over the country
Drake is a half Jewish....lol
i have fifty five follower ya buddy thnxs for the follow
yes my friend works as a mall cop and we do r wash here for free lol
I do too. It's like improv comedy -- I like watching other people do it, but I'd look like an ass if I had to do it myself.
A show of my Mandalas and Deities Paintings starts Sep 3, 2010 at Mendelson Gallery in Pittsburgh. Images of paintings on Facebook
he's blind katie!
Yes! RT : Q5/Q6 I also want to know if their idea of what the job is matches what they wrote in the ad. (Often, no.)
We must stop trying to shoehorn children from immigrant and singlechild families into hockey and football because of their expense & imagery
omg auntie cheryl <333 look so youngg
Poot: Do the chair know we goin' look like some punk ass bitches? String: Mothafucka I will punk yo ass for sayin' some shit. #thewire =))
Such a gorgeous day it is! Very cool and breezy. Feels fresh outside.
The pump is over for ALZM time to short!
love the profile pic. Play your ass off this year! Whatever happens, happens. Do your thing. F Pete!
oh my god you favorited my tweet I feel like I just got a celebrity shout out
#TheVow preview gets me every time can't wait to see it in theaters
SEW #IFMA has officially joined Twitter and is celebrating Communications 2.0 for their 25th Anniversary year.
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: 50 cent Wings and Chicken with Wild Rice Soup
- I was a media relations intern that year... 'twas a horrible nightmare of a season! But the All-Star game was fun!
Why did you change your name to D Wenzel? Dan is in your handle. WE KNOW YOUR NAME!!
I love how there's a small blemish right next to my nose piercing. #annoyed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
what's that suppose to mean?
GAHHH I HATE BEING SICK! );
If you LOVE us, cast your VOTE now! Abqthemag.com best of the city! Voting ends Sept 1st
No one group/department should own social media Agree or Disagree?
Is there a link? I'd like to see/read his full comments.
Kentucky is a good place to see a race. Hopefully Bruton gets the traffic issues addressed by next one.
All registered for my final 2 MBA courses. Crazy how time flies/ how long its been since I enrolled.
Check out my friend on tonight! Woot! Go, Khemali!
officially started to import all of my music from CDs to laptop. this is going to take foreeevvverrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I'll be your date as long as you let me do the counting.
oh s***, you were sitting on the patio talking on your bb with the laptop that says "patch"! I remember seeing you too :)
if you want to call by yourself lol !!
Where is the link to the article?
Happy Halloween from Infiniti of Denver!
follow me please i love you so much <3 ;
First time I'm getting my hair done by habeshas
that's a beautiful picture! Watch out for all of the tourists! :)
I grabbed that exact model! For myself... as my wife scoffed and questioned their effectiveness... so similar stories!
no problem, I got you bro
Only Walter Mosley can use words like "susurration" & "ex-sufflations" in a mystery novel & still give nothing but pure joy to the reader.
Kobe vs Lin tonight should be interesting!
Come in and check out Pink Magic! Customers love this stuff!
Registered for the BAA 5K! Now let's just hope I get accepted. And can get back in shape to run without wheezing.
yea man...if you need a game early, we can get it....
oh of course! but these clouds are not working for me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><U+2601>
thx to everyone in downtown lb who came out for the breakfast today! not gonna lie, it mighta been the best breakfast yet. :)
Brunch begins at 10:30 today. Come check it out!
I wish u were here I really miss u kid!!!!!!!!
coincidentally, biting a French conversationalist and doing a Parisian. what are the odds??
Faith, Hope, Love
Thank goodness i work Bank hours and am off today :) Going to see Mission Impossible 3 with the fam
looks like you'll have to find a new reason to hate #Xavier now.
No, I want to change things. It's just that when I look at my circumstances, I feel like an idealistic sucker being swindled.
just getting to a tv and it being half time <<<<
Tan people have more fun.
I def belong in NYC:) this I know.
<3 thank you to my favorite girl to jump people with ;) sarcasm*
I just missed you in a tiny chat?!!!!!!!
thanks you so much for your support, Donovan. You rock!
agreed! You are right, again... Now you're showing off. ;)
looking forward to see more sf games up, also, subbed!
Heading to Samuel Horne's Tavern in Folsom this Thursday! 7pm, like always :)
Hearing #oomfs voice >>>> <U+E056>
DCD and Blazed Entertainment present Sinful Solstice Fest 2010 benefiting the UNM FOCUS program for at risk children.
Photobombed snow white like a champ tonightt
I want to go back & meet Jesus.
Fuck moving drums.
Thank you for the RT!
you bumping the newest mix during ur runs???
The new #Brandy album is awesome. When I say Brandy I mean #SilversunPickups. When I say #awesome I mean pretty good.
We could always come over...
Me and are singing International Harvester like a boss.(:
Pack your bags YOU ARE WATCHING 3 LIVE in New Jersey this Saturday! Congrats!
Even knowing about it makes you a hipster, hipster.
Happy Friday! Go see a new show this weekend and support original theatre!
just got glow in the dark paint. i'ma do something amazing with this.
Yes! and 80! Sadly we missed winter this year.
u know what to say! ;)
Same to you babe :) <3 hope you had a great day !! x
who ran it? Any video of it anywhere?
Follow our friends They have a mini/golf outing on April 14th in the historic third ward.
And your son is AMAZING! So funny and charismatic!
Now what? How do we move this forward? Let's create hubs of communications, let's work together
Good Morning Kurt ...your thoughts on the Steeler draft? Bro with all the change Dixie is paying you buy yourself an I phone
#time2builddaSTACK!!! Let's do this
I cannot stop watching game of thrones
not yet. im makin moves on that shit tho
THANK YOU shoutout to for helping us make a special someone's birthday extra great with those fun balloons!!!
This time last year only the people in the band knew who we were. 1,100 twitter followers later, and we can't wait for 2012!
Having rap some
umm I'd probably just flick you in the eye
No hell no (excuse my french) we should won and got it over with.. Boo!!!
I said the exact same thing to everyone I was watching with. Give the man his gun back, though it was a good thing that Carl had it.
Thanks again for your powerful remarks on yesterday and for inspiring a generation of HBCU advocates
Sounds like you're working on Bruce R. smith's soundscapes.
Oz Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck is at the Alvarado Transit Center, on the platform for National Train Day.
Does anybody else have dreams about their ex for no reason ? I seem too and its annoying
Hahahaha brew shakes.
Why am I batting at a batting cage.. When I don't actually play..?
sounds like you need some lessons from your gpa
I feel like this bishop drew the short straw.
Hoyas were managing well without Sims and Lubick, but NC State just broke off a 7-0 run. JT3 calls timeout up 25-22 with 4:03 to go
ah look whats on yo head
I'm tolerant on train but being near crowd of French parents/kids wearing animal hats, singing, shouting & taking photos is just torture!
McGill tip: narrowing down large story's "nugget." When you are close to story but not there yet, that's when to nuggetize more.
Great play by Freddie right there. How bout move your ass off the mound next time JJ
Try to make library website best Frankenstein it can be. For the forseeable future it will still be frankenstein!
I just used the conference schedule and it did exactly what I needed!
sounds great! We will enjoy having you here
Levander: Tech needs to learn humanities disciplinary knowledges, and humanists need to learn science and comp sci knowledges
Thanks! I got to get this moving! Want to laugh? I am getting magnet bumper stickers for my car today. :-0
2. Make sure window AC units fit tightly so air can't escape. This can shave up to 20% off heating and cooling costs.
Guess what we're celebrating this week - it's salty, delicious and part of a carnivore's diet...
Wow, cocoa puffs are great!
This ain’t no love song, I just felt like gettin’ my guitar on
Hey Brad, no problem. Thanks for following me! I wish to meet you someday.
Did they call you?
Happy Birthday from ! Celebrating tonight aM I ok at
I'm waiting for True Blood!
We still have 100 to enter from yesterday!
not gonna lie...you got me lol #followme? Love you!
If you haven't tried our new wings you Have to stop by! Today is the best day to stop! Wing Day at Brass Monkey, .35 wings or .60 Boneless.
you guys need to be on a sitcom together.
I always tell girls "I'm like an open book" then whisper "from public library with pages missing and a bunch shit written all over it.”
You chase me, I chase you....It's all a big ass game...Spending all your money on a Mfer who will never really appreciate you...
All kinds of newsy nuggets from Orangebloods.com's coverage of the Under Armour and U.S. Army AA Bowl practices.
Jordan Stafford will always be TheJordanator to me
I Want It BAD.
happy easter!
That was not a good inning from K-Rod.
Totally agree w/ I look like a lobster but worth it to support and
then how did you reply lol
Awww, thanks to me all the guys in my 8th period know What Makes You Beautiful and now they all sing.the song :D
Ok... jus bus a Queen Jane tune.
“: We can't wait! #MagnersNation” so excited for tonight!
Right now, I'm as single as a slice of American cheese. - Nick Cannon
With a prick upon my thumb, something wicked this way comes......
Already Seen So MANY Kony 2012 Posters !!! :D
* alright , just let me know .
A good leader wins a war...A phenomenal leader avoids one.(via: )
The Fast, Fabulous, Allegedly Fraudulent Life of Megaupload ’s Kim Dotcom
Times like these, I wish I had my own place with big bags of weed, a guy to give me non-stop mouf, and fruit snacks. >
Ok I got to many producers on here claiming they made Tupac Back. Stop fucking lying b4 I bust dat ass out. Don't get embarassed on Twitter
"I told you to be patient, I told you to be fine. I told you to be balanced, I told you to be kind."
Ran 9 miles in 1 hour and 15 mins and felt great. marathon training 9 mile
Follow me
Excuse me is Ross Detwiler chewing on a piece of wheat while pitching? Say what?
363 days till marriage. At work hate it!!!!
you ever felt like a piece of velvet cake?
You have to be pretty happy. Game 7 Saturday!
YAY! I now have clear internet. 35$ bucks a month and I can do everything I need to do home and on the go. Whoohoo. Now I pay 15$ a month!
we r! Here we go!
Be My TweetHeart starts tomorrow! "candy heart messages" tweet back using the same letter!
Rich, just wanted to send a general thank you for the work you do on Capitol Fax. Valuable information every day. Great job.
Your loved one could already be in their FINAL resting place, like many victims of those locked up.
time for tron soundtrack + 3rd cup of coffee + book + art project. SUNDAYS FOREVER.
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
Microfilm secured; Cancer13 proceeding to egress.
yay! Ooh! Tell me how it is. Bon voyage!
LION KING ON BRO LMAO
It's a crush of shrimp, which far and away surpasses a murder of crows, particularly if you use the right condiments.
guess we need a Google+ page too.
jorge: 8:00am Houston still without power. The Heights area is a mess of uprooted trees and blocked streets.
I'm just grateful there is someone that recognizes the efforts put forth by hard working individuals. Makes me
i got some skeletons myself. but i display them on my shelf.
Yep. Unfortunate that there isn't more infrastructure!
I tried to hunt down the source. Maybe JM got it. It could be one of those "stats" that never is backed up.
Workin' like a mad man this week.
Yess I Am.
RT : RT : who should Gingrich thank first? Marianne? John King? Juan Williams? Mitt's accountant?
It's like The Austin police department hired seasonal help, they're all over the place!
India is planning a "solar atlas" to map the intensity of the sun's rays to find the best location for solar technology....
oh I got a red dress for ours, I just need one for awards day
I dare you...
We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust. ~ Rumi
do homework -.-
follow before she commits!27
When do u leave for the navy?
keep yer eye out for the magical trolley on the tracks tomorrow
First rehearsal today. Very excited to share these voices with you!
Alright this is routine is already getting old.......
I need to eventually get them in Flickr (until someone comes up with something better).
Feel better soon!
We will make sure to re-follow you because we love Pinterest Cat and think it should be a meme!
Chicago, Union Reach Agreement on Streets and Sanitation Pay
I mind my business on things I know nothing about
having class with the guys only today was so much fun. i love spending time with my girls but the guys are so much less dramatic. #sofunny<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
bahahahah u won't ! Tell me
If happy ever after did exist .... I would still be holding you like dissss .
#ZBoMomsDayBrunch Maybe a selection of "Post" brand cereals.
Justice has been done
Cool. I want one.
I had the same problem. My word was "finite".
The older I get the percentage of people I actually like gets lower and lower
If its on his permanent record, the school is going to know. DUH.
Sorry we got spammed, disregard any of the past few tweets!!
Driving in tornado storms
I'm eating chocolate, drinking a beer and watching Sex and the City on my couch. What have I become?!
Thank you guys! Yes, we are here! Always moving up and forward! :)
For the first time in my life, I am disappointed with Bo.
Want real dirt on #CivilWar Camps? GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon Kindle. Whores in camp, morphine legal, Hooker in charge.
Omg no! was injured in a car wreck! She in the hospital fighting for her life!
"The beautiful Florissant, Missouri"
not bad all! Who should I ask for when I drop by? Any time after 2 works for me.
sorry to have missed you too! ended up cancelling anyway bc service ind people couldn't make it til after 10, went to CK
Prodigy . Yes Him all the way <3 ! (: and a fan he likes (: Please Please Please (: !
Happy Bday Young Blood
actually. i think i'm on to something...
fine im sorry ahha
I wish I was a rich bitch.
doing an interview!
I sat thru the whole thing waiting for the good part. But like said, it was "dances with wolves in space"
Greyhound racing is fun. I get tired after a few laps though, the old legs arent the things they was previously...
#90's: I remember when I had to wait for Porn on #Channel52 all night just for a Green Boob! Feel lucky Kids
I only exist as a construct. But it's a construct you can actually attend.
I wonder if it was a guy I know from Pgh Beer Meetup? During tasting @ a local brewery, he asked "Are there hops in this?" *sigh*
Jacky's gonna eat you
That presenter is Cassie Mundt Her research was on understanding the teen visitor experience
#3WordsOfAdvice Don't give up.
RT : Just left the mall. Really hoping my wife wants half a giant pretzel for Christmas.
was trying to work out how i got new followers...checked my emails and i saw you retweeted me..i was like HOW DID I MISS THIS!
Eminem is so attractive
Um.. surprise?
Annndd let the Rihanna/Chris Brown jokes begin.
WOO! NADAL IS COMING BACK!
If you're up for anything, be prepared to have to live it down
#gratefultweet: For the wonderful musicians I get to work with, and terrific instruments, and new challenges.
thank you Ms. Marley! Saw Lauren last nt! She said she's coming 2 see #SarahsWar !
Sorry about that bro - got wrapped up. When do you work this week?
Cant understand why it takes 4 days to get a technician out to fix my problem. At&t could switch my service over faster than that.
You have a special place in our heart too!
Nothing like fucking up in a shit show league and blowing the game.
Ha! I am going to have to try that approach with my two little fellas.
GG just your everyday push!
I bet you’re trying to prove what the meaning of single is
forgot how much i absolutely love
Awesome!! We actually put your "Anticipated Games" notebook in Explore, so you may be getting a few followers today! ;)
get shouted out to all my 1OO,O followers when you follow
the only reason I'm not locked out is cause my ooc bestie let me use her number e.e
Maybe I'm scared because you mean more to me than any other person. You are everything I think about, everything I want.
I am wide open most of the afternoon if you have some time.
RT : Don't know what to say or how it say it? Dance it ouuttt!
Candlelight and music... #relaxing ah
would u be interested in letting our community know about your bread at our food event on 9/23 in the Humble, TX area? :)
Emails that include "Anthropomorphisms until the pain stops." >>>
Awesome...awesome :)
": Injuries are just running rampant right now..." Damn league and their revenues.
#gooddaysunshine Take a walk, try running today, commit to something new that seemed impossible yesterday. Say yes to life :)
I miss my long hair, methinks I'm gonna grow it back.
Another great ATP TAG CIO Roundtable. 450 people and me as VOG and Red Carpet VIP Host.
Umm yes yes yes yes yes!!!! My toes need it!!!
#SportingKC welcome Back Davy we have missed you please come back and retire as a KC player
No way! I was a dance teacher for years and think that show is a disgrace!
Awesome turnout! RT : Book club = success! RT : Ready for our first book club meeting!
How's the writing going? It has been 2 hrs ! ;-)
NO. WAY. If anything I'm more loyal!
3rd Pick NFL Week 3 -- Falcons/Saints - 49 Pts. #TakeTheOver -- Brees will do his thing, spread ball around, Ryan & Gang score at will too
Hahhahahhhh I love Bill O'Reilly
Wow that high ass dribble by dirk has been a problem
I thank the God above for keeping my mother, In spite what the doctors have said we serve an awesome God!!!!!!
My owner can be a mad bitch sometimes! And she isn't even a dog ;) go follow ---->
Omg!.. #JenniferHudson tribute to #Whitney must have had that #Grammys audience in tears.
I hope so. Want him to be more of a regular regardless of who is pitching.
No you don't lol RT : I still think the #Knicks can win :D LOL
can i help?
+ Ginger Ale = Amazing. Oh and it's HenneSSy my dear. :P
Thanks for hanging out with us! RT : Thanks for that great brunch today! The white sangria was just what I needed!
How is everyone out in the twitterverse this fine evening?
about to hole myself up in a lafayette coffee shop for a couple of hours to get some work done...any recommendations?
Patron Profiles webinar for libraries beginning now. Follow at
From my time with , I feel like we need to have the state call marriage what it is: a business partnership.
I'm fearing that this is the inevitable letdown after the huge win at Leeds. Need to stay focused.
We all love the Muppets!! Bring your friends and family to the FFL Saturday at 2PM to laugh and enjoy the Muppets!!
the only place anything seems to be happening is state street, everywhere else is normal for the most part
Switched to Balvenie Double Wood for the night cap. Nothing beats a good #singlemaltscotch before bedtime!
well that's not good I hope ur fri gets better
pittsburgh represent what what
Well hello there, May. It's about time. Is it just me or did April seem to go extra long this year?
#skins really enjoy going after ex-raven linemen and overpaying, Grubbs is solid but could cost way more than his worth.
#wiunion West of #Milwaukee it's "stand walker": #WIrecall disappeared. Appears like thief&fear. No freedom of expression anywhere there.
No question...just saying knows how to help you with your resume!
I'm here for you bro. I been there before, but don't hold in that anger. Be peaceful & don't let them steal ya joy.
thanks! Hope you're doing well!
Remainder of the workday should be canceled, on account of nice weather.
An uplifting morning!
Is and praying for patience!!!
Do you have the patience to wait till your mud settles and the water is clear?can you remain unmoving till the right action arises by itself
Don't be nervous. BMA is a great organization. And from what I've seen the meetings are an excellent experience.
They will be available at the scholarship booth RT : where will we be able to get MLA '12 jerseys during
I have a fetish for eating pucci ...... But only in a relationship, cause I aint risking my life from a jumpoff even head
COME THROUGH B RT : south
no! i love u ging!hahahhaha is it all gonna be blonde?(:
Mutltitasking hurts performance but makes you feel better
I'm loving the new #Success Magazine online features for coaches! So much to explore, watch, and read!
Lol.. Dets ya excuse..# You need ah whooping..( ;
your welcome Chuck Chubs :]
That just made my day!! :D
Even if you put bacon on top -- that's the power of the Ancient Grains!
What exactly is "computer technology" in a curriculum sense? Sounds very 1970s.
Good morning :D
wow i really don't know what to say.
Fight Night!!
Yes, I've been a Cards fan all my life. I can remember Crum's 1st team that went to the Final 4. I'm not a Pitino fan though.
RT Blogger Relations 8/18, noon @ The Grill at Hotel La Jolla! Attend & get advance reg to 10/11 NBC Studio Tour!
NICE! What's the spot again?
Seriously folks-this is awesome! : Bundy hits 100 on stadium gun in second inning at Perdue Stadium tonight.
#Dreamchasers2 Had #DatPiff crashing. Now we gotta use Live Mixtapes out of every site lol
#OMGHELP: Vernal & Atumnal are adjectives for spring & fall. What are adjectives for summer & winter?
way outside.
Great news, just got an up-right bass to finish the song A Little More Time.
As one myself, I thought I'd just let you know it's O'Connor without any "e." But good reporting nonetheless.
Ask for the Old School $7 - 2 eggs, ham-bacon-or sausage, toast with our homemade jelly!
Now that the APUSH exam is over, we're spending the rest of the year watching a documentary on The Beatles in that class. Heck yeah.
can't wait to "chill the fuck out" tomorrow at friends' house with a C.T.F.O. party.
The Game marathon!!
How I know I'm a geek: My bridal shower is taking place on Google+ video chat #notkidding I should get a prize...
Just won a free trip to Denmark at
You remmber me tho right I was jlooneytoone. I was one of your followers before.
what an awkward time for a meetup...
#SaySomethin is my fudging summer jam. no doubt about that.
Excited for cocktails with my coworkers to support
Hope you had a great weekend! RT : Thanks
We were ranked15 once,4-0 against top 25 in FL,beat creek+station,broke wins+hits rec,best ace and lost to#1pitch team
bad joke alert: "they're like a microwave for relationships!" If this makes no sense I won't be offended.
We briefly considered renting stilettos instead of bowling shoes, but it didn't go over very well...
haiku: Clippers can advance, ending their futility, like my need for tail
u the nigga singing the hook on welcome to H-Town?
Audition today with Reggie Bush, I get to wear my highschool cheerleading uniform. Thank goodness it still fits!
I love 5 de mayo
Anytime someone tell you Wins mean more than stats then ask them if they think Phil Simms was better than Dan Marino?
Good lord, that's a lot of twizzlers!
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
ugh I'm soo hungry!
Thanks sweetie RT : Love that "Bad Muthaf*cka"! One of my favs on August's Mixtape
Entertainment: Rachel Weisz to star in Dream House along with Daniel Craig
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
i wanted you so badly
FarealRT “ If I call u a bitch dat mean I love u” <<< Lmfao
Just met the pied piper of wallingford. He was whistling on his front porch and a squirrel ran across the street and hopped into his lap
I need to step up my tweeting game!
currently doing the chicken noodles soup down yalls
“: Simba: “But you’re not scared of anything.” | Mufasa: “I was today. I thought I might lose you.” –The Lion King”
just had horrible experience with #comcast "customer service"; have been a customer for over 20 years & spending untold $.
This day can seriously suck it.
I just wanna thank god for All The beautiful women i know..
...not you. Don't flatter yourself.
nope, were professionals.
Hotel dropped a newspaper at our door this morning, my 5 year old said "daddy u don't need that, just read the news on your ipad".
I feel like you only mean what you say half of the time, the other half you could care less
I dunno, me spilling that wine was a bit of a gaffe...
Justin's turnig 18 tomorow! #kidrauhlforever Happy Early birthday I love you! <U+2665>
BURGERS BURGERS BURGERS! Come grab a chocolate covered afternoon snack or a delicious burger!
It's over!
Oops.used #MichelleObama instead of in my last tweet.Wouldn't it be great if these 2 hashtags trend together:)
They say love is in the air , so uh , I hold my breath til my face turn purple
we are too silly !
Sad we see who really dont love this game. Guess yall should start your own league! Oh well back 2 football..stay great wade.
It's not that my standards are impossible to reach.... It's just that guys aren't used to girls that have them..... Standards that is!
OK the move to Sarasota is finally complete, now back to the setting up more shoots
MISSING GIRL HAS BEEN FOUND SAFE
Oh! An update on the duckings - they've been transported to a new home where they can get the love/care they deserve.
It would be a miracle if I knew what to do for this english project.
Wanna get my ears pierced
Sign me up!
thanks for the video link! def. of interest. will post of our facebook page. thnxs.
ha. Give them extra claps for me. Unless they don't mention River, then they fail.
Football should be part of our national defense budget.
Visit blog.eol.org & use the "Questions, Requests & Feedback" link at the top to "nominate" taxa
He's a badass!
nothing...? why?
Sinus infections suck.
"Obsessed is the word lazy people use to describe the dedicated"
I followed(:
17 hours. Yeah, I'm counting down the hours. That is how excited I am.
She burns water and toast is
follow & if you go to Vegas, hit up Burger Bar. Foie as a toper - amazing.
did you edit it too?
Time roll up, a whole damn bottle by my self..
Santa Monica?? I thought he'd be living in Revere.
hahaha the summer is treating you well
I feel bad for the AFC east can't wait for Brady and the boys to make another super bowl run.
Welcome to the Twitter page for New School Media Coaching
TY for all the pics.Loving the blow by blow & will defs be followg yr live tweets #barnard2012 & #Obama on
If your business supports youth health and fitness, consider becoming a sponsor of the TEAM Fit Magazine. Ping us for info. Thanks!
Happy #FF and thx for the mentions!
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom
New Outdoor Research clothing, hats, and gloves have arrived! Stop by or sneak a peak at www.theoutdoorsource.com!
long day today gonna retire early otta be in at 7 am
New social media buttons, yaaaaaay......
Very much appreciated, Melina. I'm fighting it like crazy and not giving in :)
I really really hate pushing carts in this heat. I'm about to be extra crispy.
Slow motion but progress homie. A couple sites showing luv but still a lot more work to do. Whatz been good yo way?
It stressed me out! I didn't watch last night's #GG - on my DVR and can't wait!
R.I.P. Vidal Sassoon
Avatar is better when drunk.
Good morning it's goona feel like VT in TX today!! Going to be in the 20's & mom said it might snow on Friday!! ;)
Her sister said they last smoked crack infront of the kids in January of this year.
great new avi very handsome :)
Off to bed. Goodnight, you sexy freaks of nature!
#grammyawards Great Show so far the Grammy’s got it right this year!!!
I love it when some random person takes my parking spot. Thanks a lot jerk
oh ok lol nothing tho come through.
Beautiful Sunday morning :)
Ride my face so ik its real
But she don't like me nor care about anything I do u took her to a baseball game lol but she don't like me so yeah
I use Assistant and I like it.
I still don't understand and never will.
Good luck to my family!! Bring it back to Texas! #purpleheart<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Listening to speak to us virtually at #nar11 using Elluminate.
I love this post!! Makes my heart smile!
Thanks for the follow. YOU GUYS ROCK!!!
So much to do...too lazy to do any of it
When can we stop by for a sample we are your neighbors on Tyler St.
Starting a revolution is harder than it looks, just ask
Touchdown L.A. Prepping for a busy week of actor meetings and writings!
agree although sports nation is fun to. My boy doing it big
Thx for all the new follows! Hit us up on Instagram ;) facebook.com/alessaisred
You both give me *big* smiles and reasons to laugh out loud.
#followfriday my bud who's pd and primetime on 101.5 krox but running for Austin City Council place 4. Great for Ausin & Music!
Patiently awaiting the Tequila break
just saw the security footage of my youth minister falling on stage and kicking the table across the room.
If you're taking part in the general strike you're not supposed to do household chores. I can get down with that part.
What is the woman that lead all the BOYS on? A GAME!!!
Washington D.C. is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
3rd iPhone this month!
#NP Big Brother by Yeezy #LetsWork S/O my big brother <<<he put n taught a lot in this industry
Watching Criminal Minds!
Gosh! Her act like a Monster!
lol you asses .
Last day of practice ! :)
PS Jim, remember to keep telling everyone what u say on ur show 'This is NOT 2008!'The banks aren't collapsing! Kyt :j
Oh my god her breath stink
Went to bed with 512 followers. Woke up two nights later with 581.... CRAZZZYY!!! :D
the microphone is ON as you are playing this story. Turn off the mic!!!
LIKE HIP HOP OR WHAT ???
He is! Gorgeous skin.
Good morning! Welcome to my world of social media fun. So glad to see you here.
My only beef with on that? Tony Bennett's teams have only defended the 3 well in 3 of his 6 years. Dick's teams 2 of 4 yrs at WSU.
I'm sleeping in my dogs bed tonight. Happy Valentines to me.
When I can't open my nail polish bottle. Ugh <<<
yeah that was trending
I could have figured that out myself
i haven't been on here in a while ): i'm tryna get on more ! well eating pizza w/ sarina :)
Eileen Brady says will fight with her entrpreneurial spirit, and build coalitions
thanks buddy!
i cant read texts remember??????????? LOL
Wiscy fan and not even Gus makes them watchable tonight!
43% of people believe God helps Tebow win. 37% believe it's the devil. 15% believe it's defense and, 5% don't know what miracles are.
Hi lInda here is our twitter account would love to see the pictures from your party at De Rodriguez Cuba
We don’t need a special day to celebrate chocolate but its National Chocolate Cake Day so come and try sweets from one of our many vendors!
Be the change you want to see in the world!
“: am the only one that puts lotion on my ass? 0.o” hmm I should try that haha
Loved getting to meet you ! What a fun set, right? A crew of NFL players vs a crew of filmmakers...hm...
Am I the only person who does not enjoy going out to eat? I don't like people watching me eating, waiting for food, or the $.
#Something Is in what we are speaking raises your glass for because we are #Yoü & I letterwithout You <U+2665><U+266B> #My Heart Gold#
Point and Click.
I must say that I'm quite sure I need to visit Europe.
that had to hurt... #grandslam :-)
Some questions don't get asked because we fear the answers.
sending my luck to
There's always another day and Kay Kay's Craft Mall.
At HS workout with Rambo and the guys
Listening to "Doin' That Thing To Me" by CHIC
Just what I need! 2 more hours of social networking!
Be yourself
hm idk!! Explosions in the sky is probably the only ones I wanna see! And mstrkrft again! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Alright, my bed is calling....until tomorrow.
haha I think it is. But no body is going
found myself at veggie grill again today. also found russell simmons there ;)
Good Night Twitter!!!!! :)
Bottle of red wine, allergy medicine, and a massage
Caring for a friend's cat. Reminds me of Leidy-Peidy--all good memories. How lucky is that?
I Need To Get Drunk Tomorrow.
haha yeah evertually x) how old are you?
I've been crying a lot today. Stupid wind-blown plastic bag.
How many Almond Milk drinkers do we have out there?
Thanks for the RT! So important to spread awareness.
I wish I could live tweet this.
Congrats on her first #fantasyfootball victory! another tough loss...
This #Cubs vs. #Brewers box score will be fun to look at in the morning.
lmfaooo xD you amazing . i agree with you 100% .
missing you at 21st and M - lunch just got a little less exciting.
Too late to go to bed now, everyone's waking up! I'll just have a Redbull or 2 or 5 lol
shrimp,home made cocktail sauce,truffle salt seasoned filets,garlic/Parmesan infused mash potatoes,asparagus spears & pancetta
THE BLUES OF SISYPHUS Charles Johnson on the E-Channel:http:// www.ethelbert-miller.blogspot.com/
follow me ?
I have brains lol... just dont have the HEART for basketball... i dont watch it so
Haha Man Yea That Was EPIC! Forreal Man Good SHit U Guys Did Ur THing!
I can't complain about sleep. Mostly tired from trying to keep up with a toddler…and I run marathons!
Spoiler alert........breaking dawn is awful!!!
Man my short ass can't see shit lol
RT : You always #ActLikeYouKnow everything when you don't know shit
Truly selfless indeed. But the ladies want to handle this one. Alternative: one program per country- Django/Spain. Py/CA
Find out all about our new inspiring, innovative and invformative event series Lead the Change, visit us in booth 634 during
Though inexperience showed, Randi Miller wins MMA debut with 3:27 3R TKO over Molly Estes in close fight.
Welcome Russell Roberts, great to have your business experience on board behind Bonamour. Great team you and Sean Richie are forming!
You are so pretty <3
Hello SEXY ;) Happy Blue Bloods <3
Lol so I woke up to 21 new mentions cuz of the rampage & me went on last night :')
bring yourself to taco mamacita nashville and see if you can finish all 18 tacos. Everything from lamb to plantains.
This is my 1,400 tweet!
Please wish me a happy belate 11.11.11 my wish for that day was a reply & a follow from you & too!:] xoxo<U+2661>
thanks for the follow :)
Sure, along with other appropriate spoiling steps...brunch, Sunday papers, fave book or movie while you're gone, etc.
geez! Guy runs downstairs for booze for one second and I'm getting sh*t!
Good to meet you.
Getting 12 Mbps up and down on my 4g iPad is pretty nice, makes my phone feel way too slow
U know I luv you, right? So if I leave 2 get some ACTUAL writing done, I don't want to be hearing the sound of panties twisting.
Huh? (PS c u at EEOB 2mrw herman) RT : Is a classy geek? The answer is YES RT so? We win?
#h2sscavengerhunt is back today. 1st clue, this restaurant was just written up in the ajc about its grits. Come find 2 great giveaways.
You looked like Barbra Streisand's pubes.
Yay I taught my first Italian class today!
thank you lol
doing scholarly-article type research with no access to university library system - this really sucks
Eclipse wass so good!! Gotta see it agaiin! =) Bout to put on some more movies with the sisters.
- in Houston, where are you?
Damn it Dillard.
It's #GameDay at #USC Beat the Huskies!!!!
#ACFamilyMeeting play Beautiful Mistake!
Many thanks!
. has highlighted #AAA2011 sessions on hospital ethnog, diagnosis, medical tele-tech, reproductive politics. Sad to miss conf!
Having dinner Yummers! Get the green chiles tacos!
Congrats to my friend for tonight's big win... You did us proud TK.
It has begun. Enjoy the #MilwaukeeDay tweets of Pretty much the best part of every 4/14.
I had to think about that one.
thanks for your opinions, I think I'm going to sell my m43 gear and find a used x100!
good morning :))
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love. Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
Many congrats, Ryan!
my.... cameras.... gonee.... gonna strangle someone.
another test update
Lost in all this Rondo stuff is the Celtics were blown out by Atlanta without Al Horford
#EarthFair going Strong
Why don't you just stick to being fake you for awhile. :-)
Hi Jenifer St. Market! Question: do you sell ice cream cakes?
Just made a bet with that I can be nice to her for a week.. lord help me.
Your welcome hun.(:
Thanks for the RT dude!!! :D plus thanks for letting me and my team be a part of #ARTa12 ... C u soon!
i like the
Battle of the beltway tonight! Normally am now into mlb but go o's!
Good morning, I hope all is well. My name is Street Spirit. I figured i should introduce myself now so we're familiar later.
Callback time..... Send me good vibes :-)
Sean Hopkins & I agree, #Chamber was a weird PPV. Booked more like Raw or Smackdown but it's nice to see Punk & Daniel defending at Mania
thank you!
Me gusta Nate!!
I've been hearing good things about The Night Circus and will interested to see what you think of it!
If Obama's speech preempts the Packers/Saints game next Thursday, he can just cross Wisconsin off in the election.
Can I use it to control others?
Thank you!! “: Happy Teacher Appreciation Week suga! :) your passion & drive is appreciated!”
We need some more motivated people in this world. People who are not afraid to fight for what they want!
Maybe it's a glitch, but I think blocked me. Must have been something I said.
Happy birthday to one of my bestest friends in the world :) love that girl
3. to be appreciated for what they do for you, just a simple thank you will do
The subtitle of this meeting should be: parade of snacks. These people are constantly eating, snack after snack
" It's not consider cheating if u put peanut butter on ur testicles and let ur dog lick off "
I strongly dislike those "beliebers" that are like "OMG, I'VE BEEN IN LOVE WITH JUSTIN BIEBER SINCE 2007." & I'm there looking at them (c)
Capitol hill souvenir vendors have swapped out obama for m.j.
We on that again
“Right to pause and own [the space where you choose your response to a situation]
should we leave the room?? awkward....
Attend our tea 101 course next Tuesday (10) or Wednesday (11). Free to attend, just call us to RSVP!!
RT : My favorite poems by Langston Hughes are |Genius Child| and |Negro|.
The LMS implementation is going.
I been keepin oit on the low now a niga bout to be back on hit up top shit
Nice! Seems hard to believe I first saw them in 1993!
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
#sschat Planning on trying a QR code scavenger hunt for a review activity...any tips from those who have used these in the classroom.
if you follow me, i'll send you a Christmas present!!<3
Also i live triviums new album in waves XD
I refer to as more or less the gateway drug of nerdy pop culture.
If the Mayans know so damn much, where are they now?
SOME PEOPLE HAVE NO SHAME WHEN IT COMES 2
Thanks new followers!!
i need sleep!
ugh. “: Devin Harris is 22 of 37 free throws in clutch situations this year #DALatUTA”
Where the hell is my full Bourne Legacy trailer?
Watched you work with kids. Please look at free Golf Washington app. Give us feedback on making it better for young golfers
Happy Halloween everyone and stay safe tonight :-)
At least they are getting paid and the ones that are watching are just talking about it, but still watching. lol Now who's stupid?
Does anyone in la wanna go see a movie ?
ok so between the 22nd and may 1st...and i'm not going back till end of june
I bought a Walgreens brand razor a couple of weeks ago. It is THE BEST RAZOR I HAVE EVEN OWNED!
she's as unstoppable as a cigarette, face like an actress from 1943, but she talks to me.
I get a weeks worth of battery life. Only say 4 days.
I have cream cheese. You bring the bagels and I'll make them in my clean(er) house
Jury duty is that boring, huh? RT : Woah.. I forgot how to use twitter
Sounds like a fabulous working environment.
I hope I'm number 1
Final thought from Nichols, she says AB 32 makes me proud of being a Californian.
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Checking out designs at
Thanks for the RT!
Krod with a nice 1,2,3 inning. #Brewers are headed to extras!
Oh okay cunt
REALLY hate arbitrary prereqs for classes I want to take. Esp. when they aren't assigned to a prof so I can't even get approval to register.
This nigga called me blood bath lmfao!!
whoops! Our mistake, thanks for the catch! :)
Yeah...twitter, hey... Long Time no tweet.
lol wow,, i so agree
Thank you to all Cougar Fans for making Cougar Week in Spokane a tremendous success, over 12k at the various events!
#AskAlexAnything Will you follow me?
RT : Remember when our 1st build day was freezing cold? Everyone still showed up to build! We were freezing but we kept going.
i don't care if you light skin or dark skin....
I don't know about you, but I love Freedom!
I think he's just hiring copyeditors and proofreaders. But send him a note--maybe he can hook you up!
#IWasBornThisWay to tell u how I feel regardless u like it or not
thanks for the follow! After an 18 hr day and a few beers i'm hittin the hay...
i'd rather not follow one of those people that give you tons of followers instantly because i want ALL my followers to be legitimate..
EVERYONE Follo<U+03C9> <U+25B6><U+25B6> <U+25C0><U+25C0> They follow back FAST! ¦<U+25AC>¦ ¦ ¯¦¯ that follow button NOW!
Ive found the wasp nest at work.. Mission complete... Now time to take this bitch down..... To the ground
i love the moments when you realize you wanna be asleep but arent haha
where can I get a Rockies jersey 3xl pin strips preferred.
we could've had a sugar coma party!
I think Title V was funded for the first 5-6 yrs after NCLB signing. Haven't found a source on funding of Part B (charters)
Today, I've experienced the wonders of daytime and late-night TV - "super-beta prostate" really?!?
Many thx to great Tues dinner companions for a great time! & other friends
A kid I work with now is a Natural Born Creeper. Solid skills.
Ripe Pu-er uses an accelerated aging process that offers an alternative to having to wait ten to thirty years for the Raw Pu-er to mature.
my iPhone 4 about an hour ago. Shattered that thing.
How precious are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of them!
Unite says host hotels just take take take
no prob Bev, just trying to get some confirmation.
Tea is more than an idealization of the form of drinking, it is a religion of the art of life. ~Kakuzo Okakura, Book of Tea
Camp Rock is on. omfg Demiiiii.
Rangers vs Kings ..:-)
Opportunity knocks
As long as they aren't getting a prescip. for Viagra. That'd be too much
Munich, our time together is growing short. Paris we will meet soon.
i want a good ole PB & J sandwhich.
ight texting you now
Great summer list. Essays for pub. are on my summer list 2. But no book...Unless I have a total manic stage.
I have mine. BE JEALOUS.
if what ur sayin is true. Y are ppl Rt'n it then? Lol
Thanks for getting in touch. I talked with my sister Donna and also Uncle Augie. Thanks.
I think its time for bed gotta get up early and work out.mhave to get in shape before the summer
Yeah, but I bet you didn't get to have a giant elephant as your mascot!
The story about Sherry and Whitney (hehe) elementary on made me CRY!! I love it. Doing good comes back around
#LiesIveToldMyParents YES im still a virgin
Hey! i love you :3 #belieber Follow me please Justin :) 12
Goodnight Darlings! :)
Me trying to rap like Twista > BEAST !
IF YOUR IN BOSTON TONIGHT AND YOU DON’T GO SEE ...YOUR A STRAIGHT UP SUCK HOLE.!!! HAHAHAHA!!! DICKHEADS...
#bizforum one last thing. Where can i see a transcript? I'm sure would love to see this chat
Beautiful wedding!
:) the song writer is about the best lyricist of all time
That's why I solely concentrate on profitability. Saves time, maximizes Audi purchases.
re Mamet essay: Long, integral works now; short, fragmented doesn't really -- post whole thing / tweet about aspects over the day
I'm getting off :) -Amanda
Cloudy day in #Manhattan. But a great day to smile at
I love passover<U+2764>
I am hungry for a miracle that will heal your broken heart and allow you to live and love again,cause you act so unworthy of love.
I should be sleeping, but I have the desire to go elephant hunting with Elijah Wood right now. Also lucid dreaming may be happening soon
what's up!!? What are you up to tonight?
RT : 5772 is the best baseball year ever.
The girls will definitely be the toughest to judge!
Hope the yard work was fun!
lol You Are Still so gorgeous
RT "sometimes the body juices congeal and hold the pins in place". Natural history collections are so much FUN!
You create a masterpiece without much thought ...
prolly. but i know the answer.
hey z, what's up
u still have a lot of life ahead of u. If u happy then that should b a part of ur dream that came through.
I bleed
Reading a historically portrayal of Mohammad, a key Prophet in Islam.. Very interesting! And great read!
Happy #childrensbookweek! In celebration, we'll be highlighting our children's book publishers and children's books all week long!
I think every person needs to find his own sweet spot when it comes to how much prayer he feels is right...
Seriously. RT : #gcyale Wish DeNardis had more time. This was excellent.
Hunting Season opens this weekend. Come to the gun show Sat and Sun
A dietitian is a good resource if your injured & can help you balance the increased needs of healing with decreased needs from less exercise
We hope you and enjoyed your breakfast this morning! What's on your agenda today?
OMG I'm like in love with her! she's freaking awesome! i see her all the time
Nothing is more powerful, than an idea whose time has come.
EVERYONE FOLLOW Shes amazing!!(: thanks.
Success doesn't come to you…you go to it.
Went shopping today!! It was a beautiful day!! :)
Omg I got skool morrow great. That should be fun :/
Good post! Now here is a Holy Hand Grenade to finish them off in style! ; )
Day three of Peter being sick... The poor boy is completely miserable. He has a pretty high temp. The dock says might be viral.
who got naked?
Just found out my grandparents ranch is on 800 acres. Who the fuck needs 800 acres?
Loving gives pain all the time for being sick and crying for unbearable desire; ironically, that painful desire fuels one's feeling as love.
Had to pull from bad memories to write a hard scene. Walking to clear my head. That part of my life is over now. I have nothing to fear.
Only 2% of venture-backed cos. are founded by MBAs? Yikes.
Let me check it out. thanks RT Bitcoin won't cut it, huh?
Dancing Queen.
Was walking out of my Ink Master casting call, saw the long ass line & asked them if they were here for the show or here to get tatt'd by me
Seriously though..ill pay you :)
A spam? Nope. This is the official Figaro's Pizza twitter. All the deals and promos we offer here are good at any Figaro's!
Sleep evades me tonight.
Oh dear every year gets harder to find what to get my mom roses don't work like when I was little.
if you're downtown and hungry, go to and get the bok choy edamame salad. Yum!
- I see my bunny necklace is still up on your front page. Thanks! The collection of goodies on there is SO DARN CUTE! :D
Haha. Will do. Please tell Nene & Nancy Proctor I said hi (and not necessarily in that order). :)
Some good Pac 10 football right now!
Second 4:30 am day this week.
SLIDE TO LAS BAYGES
ahh I wish! Miss you.
Jack great meeting you today love the show and enjoy New Orleans!!!
I'm loving tweets today!!
the gloomy weather makes me so tired
Tomorrow morning. Sleep.......
summ for nothin? nope. my talent iis too precious...
y am i up this early on my day off?? well i guess i'll play mw3 then
Rose Gold is the new Black
Alright, I'll chill out then. I can't believe I'm just seeing that.
“Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction.”~ Al Bernstein
Kobe and the Lake Show are going down
Yeah, think of evernote as a way of storing your random thoughts, ideas, and dropbox as a way of keeping your raw materials.
Holy Shit! I'm with Big T in Panema and we just saw this really tan blond chick with a bitch in her purse. So unreal. #wannabeHilton -Damien
hmm...interesting day
KC meteorologist rides a storm of success promoting weather radios - Kansas City Star
HAHA I LIKE THAT! now I have a new NEW favorite color!
Just had someone whose never played poker tell me the importance of setting up a schedule for playing
My office is so ghetto. LOUD!!!! UNPROFESSIONAL!!!!
ugh he talk to much can we move on please
congrads man go wolves go niners
Tip: you would pull off the hoodlum look more convincingly if you left the Spongebob cup at home.
Having a cold beer at the braves game! Life is Good!
Burgers, the 'Stone & people dancin' at the Red Mill - Love it!
Glad not to be on EITHER side of that band deal.
I don't Anything to do with the suffering of anybody,race or sex.I had nothing to about being male or white either, sorry .
lmao no keep it (: it looks hot on you
RT : Educating faith-based communities about child abuse is so important to bringing it to an end! Thank you to the......
Optimized for Search Engines - Online content must be crafted for visitors, but optimized for search engines
get packing!! Can't wait! :)
#wmnldrs The infamous Joan Prince leads off the panel of amazing women leaders including my mentor JoAnne Brandes. Yeah
if he didn't like it he would have started bitting me by now
#TurnToYou has got a nice vibe, it also has me inspired to make a song called Best Mom, yeah I know the names so original lol
Thanks for being a cool spot to share on! :)
Masked mamba clutch once again! Game going into overtime. Let's go Lakers!!! :D
I am an unashamed dramione and drarry shipper simply because its so impossible lol
Thanks for the shoutout. Guerilla Haiku Movement - coming up!
Tonight's passwords: $5 Rant-O-Wheel (7:30pm) tix when you said "Lord Love a Duck!" and $5 for Fibber (9pm) with: "My pants are on fire!"
Oprah's Best Friend: 'Obama Has Done Everything That He Said He Was Going To Do&quot; - Mediaite
so pretty!!!
Roger Maris is not in the Hall of Fame.
you want it its medium
That awkward moment, when I'm drunk and you're still ugly.
May you have the same gorgeous weather we are having today when you graduate!
can some one please tell me how much followers i have? its not showing me :(
Autocorrect just tried to change to "juiciness". He's. That. Smooth.
A finger filled with hate and a gun filled with love. Don't let the opposites attract !
#S1DFest i will grow a beard, wear a flannel with some jeans, take my wife.. i need 2 passes btw. must see NONE MORE BLACK
SHE SMILED SHE KNOW SHE BADD... RT : =)
What's your fave Bad Bartender story? From both sides of the counter! Let us know! #bartenderhatesu Let's get this to be a trending topic!
I'm an artist that spits real life music i represent struggle i have been compared to Tupac , DMX , Nas , and others
RT : Planting A St. Joseph Statue for Real Estate LuckThe Gardenist - I hate to tell you, it was baby Jesus' head!
That's FREE! Here...take all ten!
RIP Levon Helm
I will always look out for u! <U+2665>
retweet if you're ripped for her pleasure
is my heart if u never came into my life. I would be dead rite now i love you wifey
ahh, right! It's such a good show!(:
Thanks lovely :) Share them with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
how so?
Can't Believe She Thinks I Still Want Her -.- She Must Be Fucking Retarded.
one more day till i turn 21 ! <U+E409>
I swear is this fools keep tripping they gona have to share and ambulance lol
First show of the year this wednesday! BRAHMS in Michigan w/ lettercamp ! LET THE JAMMING COMMENCE.
Dear Parks and Recreation: Thank you
tell me how i was sitting in ss today and the phone rang and i was hoping it was for me and it was lol i felt special.
again, interested in the Horizon Project retreat? Follow
Of course! I feel smarter already! HAGF!
#givebackDetroit Please RT: You can help feed #Detroit's hungry with just one tweet thanks to
He fucken pissed me off right now..like seriously i want to sock him in the balls -.-...
That play works
it's a privilege to receive revelation on the purpose and will of God. Walk in it..
Just saw a stroller with a hand actuated hydraulic braking system
I must say this is a saying to live by
ppl blowin ma high....
It makes Vincent 'Chukkle' (;
NYC watch party !!!
Definitely! See you tomorrow morning as we cross paths, I hope.
Tonight we'll be at to see () and Peter Matteson. 7PM
The BEST way you can improve is to learn from your mistakes and keep pushing forward until you get it right! -THE COACH K OF LIFE-
Conference USA RT “: Athletic Fee committee votes to approve 54¢ increase of student fee, 4-3.”
Things will be okay.
As far as I know, class is unfortunately still on!
This game at MSG is gonna be super live
kool...at work...hot u after 8 bro
Finally finished that 10 page essay for history
Build the dream and don't stop building.
And,it's true I cant go on without you.Your smile makes me see clearer. If you could only see in the mirror.What I see..
There's only one vacation that really matters, and as long as I get that one I'm a happy girl.
Now that I've gotten pinterest spam, I'm predicting that they'll sell for more than instagram.
nah you are.
def! I'll log onto my other account () & give a shoutout to follow MidwestMahomies :]
I hate flat curly hair, I LOVE my big curly hair.
you need to connect with Deb - Geoff is a nature photo buddy of mine who spends a lot of time at CREW. Good guy, too
Looking for a Post up, post show? Follow us. RT“: ”
when is romp to stomp?
I have obsessed about it. I don't know that I could have done anything differently. I'm lost...completely.
Just registered for Social Media Week events. Really looking forward to it, Feb 13th-17th!
Loving this South Padre sunshine
watching american dad
I'm starting w the man in the mirror!
Who wld ever take a physician rec from a book?? I did & I can't thank you enough! Jon Turk & staff are amazing.
If #parents in your community can benefit from free classes teaching them how to engage w/ their kids @ home, let us know!
Though a universal formula for success is difficult to come by, caution signs for failure are posted everywhere. ~Li Ka Shing
Let's Drink Tonight Like We Won the Mega Millions and Drink Even More When We Don't!! (Thanks Lisa Ann for This)
Riding to the aquarium in the 10th grade bus. I know I just failed at trying to spell that:P
airsoft gun repair help? electric airsoft guns :)
"I know what virgin means.". "are you sure about that??"
#quotes #music If music be the food of love, play on. William Shakespeare
Hey is tomorrow Morning all booked up? I need a cut
#mlanet12 Update on Bearded Pigs shirts. They'll have orange sleeves & a green design. For some reason couldnt get that picture to show.
Dear students, please do not judge me on the quality of this week's lecture audio. I won't blame mercury in retrograde!
A nearly-unprecedented three encores at the show! Oh yes. We're just that special.
thanks bro more stuff coming real soon stay tuned
Flying to #iste11 ! Well, actually on my way about to depart. See y'all in Philly!
“: To the girls that get offended by "sandwich jokes", what are doing out of the kitchen again?” that's the million $ question
- Mr Mathers: do you know if this tourney was held and if so where i can get info: WPT Regional Series: Indiana Hollywood? 8/20-21
"Some things need to believed to be seen" via
Ian is the one who should really watch out
A special blue ribbon task force!! They will kill themselves after the third meeting. Hurrah!
Great job #Cards, rewarding making it to the FF & not having to cheat to get there!!
Everyone looks great.
#nerdprom Viola Davis with a slamming orange/red dress, FABULOUS!
finally home relaxing~
Co-worker is skeptical of the earthquake theory.
Amazing rehearsal today.......cant wait to headline HOB Sunset on Saturday April 23rd!!
Moobs, that's always funny.
RT: If u never plan to stay don't come in her life in the first place.don't "regret" because what you did was what you really wanted to do.
RT #Scorpios do well hanging on to money but they also know how to spend it on luxurious possessions ««i deserve it :)
"Now you're not naive enough to think we're living in a democracy, are you buddy?"
see you then ;)
hm, i have half a baguette, half a bunch of asparagus, and cherry tomatoes... panzanella with a fried egg? yes. i think so.
that sounds intriguing...
Get it daddy! ;)
Be safe out there... See you saturday bigshot!!!
It's "The Adventure" from Angels & Airwaves.
It really shows how nice and compassionate of person you are that you are wanting Max to get help. I respect you greatly.
Q1 it's usually the responsible of the collections management dept.
Psyched to watched this fight!!
Ok, I understand now. Everyone must have forgotten how to answer their phone. It's a national problem.
Congratulations on a nice comeback win against Butler in the 6th region semis. See you on Tues night in the finals
RT : Idea: what you can do for your local news site in 2 min, 20 min, 1 hr, $10?
am thoroughly enjoying the new Gaga album...a must!!!
What the mind can conceive the mind can achieve...
Years ago I gave my dad a cassette recorder to dictate family memories 4 me. would have been easier.
Goodbye St. Louis.
I wish would enroll at NIU... Imy
Watching Tosh.0 with Viggle Tue | 21 | Comedy Central Get real rewards just for watching TV.
So excited for tonight!
Woo! Just got a EGift Card from my family to this is bad, I have finals to study for
Friday: Art & Soul Featured Artist Showcase. Performances start at noon with Lee'a Ro and Tony Styxx. It's going to be great!
Oh Smalltimore. I literally just ran into six people I knew (all separately) on the Avenue in about 45 minutes.
According to the U.S bureau of Labor Statistics the Private sector created 1.9 million jobs last year, the most in 3 years.
I wanted to find someone who would be willing to help me create a website in Anchorage.
Looking for stories of people obsessed with grass, be it the study of, the taming of or the large-scale planting of. Characters welcome.
Fear, uncerainty & discomfort are your Compases towards growth. -life
surprised how many Ive done myself: book, ID (once-I promptly misplaced it), junk mail. Cheezit bag & crumbs was just returnd
When boys don't pay for you...biggest turn off ever! #didyourmamateachyaanything?
Goin on a radio show tomorrow! 790 KABC @ 10am. Tune in :) thanks for the love and support! <3
talking to someone you havntt talked to in awhile that ISNT a complete asshole psycho like everyone at deering >>
haha you eat olive garden,wataburger,and pizza ALOT haha that's ok I love you<3
#Love that rainbow! Is that out by the ocean where you saw it?
Found our email acct and we're now for all your official SCMS Boston conference tweets and beyond! Stay tuned.
Super hungry! D:<
good. u?
lol. u been doin' pretty good?
Look at the stars and see the musical eyes of my thoughts through your ears transpired by mind through waves of wonder and being. enjoy.
Love the new App !
Trying to decide if we want to record with #davidadammonroe The opportunity is there, will we take it? We'll see soon enough!
": Saw friends I haven't seen since graduation! #sohappy"
thanks sweetie!!
Mega64: Elite Beat Agents (HD)
What a great day. After a yr of maint all of the escalators @ union station DC work! No more missing trains!
A pessimist is a man who thinks all women are bad. An optimist is a man who hopes they are. ~ Chauncey Mitchell Depew
Ah did a great job with the coffee this morning cause I am bouncing off the walls with excitement for tonight & tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
<- doesn't mind stayin up with the boo playin video games! :)
idk I saw only one haha
iPad battery is at 6% and I forgot the charger at home.
Georgia is backwards...its 46° outside but friday is going to be around 90°
Finding myself liking Beibs' new song more and more... Somebody slap me
How to cut college housing costs Over the past 20 years, the price of room and board at both public and private colleges has been rising
when did you order and from where?
See us this Sunday @ In The Park Sports Spring Flag Football League for kids and adults! 12-5PM.
trick call me. New phone n don't have ur number ms madam
Happy Easter and Passover to all - enjoy this incredible day!
free PR? RT Great SM goal: Encourage fans to act as advocates for your museum.
Valentines day without my honey:-(. Oh well I need to study anyway :-(
RT : Gluten-Free Grocery Shopping Guide - Gluten-Free Mall - 9780979409486 Product Amount: by Dr. Mara Matison
"You're sick?! Someone put a curse on you!"
Perfect! Nic will be in Scotland that week so I'll need to stay busy...lol
So saddened and shock by the loss of Whitney Houston. Her family is in my prayers:(
With Boston's funest and truly most upscale crowd, Blu is the only place to be on that night.
I gotta run too ..
its just in every rap song out there lol mostly Drake
me too. Finger crossed!
Been waiting for my Wednesday class to get cancelled, too bad I still have shit to do
Oh, forgot it grew to 4 kids.
do not worry. Puffy vest updates will flow freely your way my dear.
It's All About You Magazine is now on Twitter! Please RT and follow
Shortfall could range from $60 million to $136 million for next school yr, depending on midyear cuts and a cost-of-living adjustment
BREAKING NEWS: There isn't a magic pill you take and in one day, you wake up at a healthy weight.
Get out of the way at the gym people. Stop gocking at yourself in the mirror.
that is a great Quote
Shouldn't the American Comedy Awards actually be funny? Where's Bob Hope when you need him?
I love yours the most!! I miss yours.
We are currently recruiting developers & writers. If you are interested in learning more about Relaborate, please email
One of the Senators said the other day, I suppose we will hear about this Sunday from the Mayor. Well, you are hearing from him now. [1944]
Knowledge is pain and that is why it hurts to know.
Does anybody else love that Megaman jump?
Great Business get your cash machine today! www.ebookviralincome.com
please follow she is you biggest fan!62
its should a been cut off season for y'all. Don't hesitate on that shit. Cut em off now.
consolidating email lists arggghhh, w/ help from my trusty assistant, Chris Yeah.
- i have 3 cookbooks coming out this year, and next year one cookbook is scheduled and a new knitting book!
im following (:
Perhaps one of the alphas has a special water refill power?
I like the way you think, as usual. :)
WELL ITS RAINING ALL THE TIME OVER HERE IN EAST FLORIDA D::::::
The past year has left me gun shy when it comes to dental appointments... Hope today goes better.....
lol I wouldn't know bout that one but that's true so I've heard
ok well now i feel like an asshole
mellowing out with Dennis in front of the tv....exciting aren't i??? :P What youse doing?
Strangers<U+27A1>acquaintances<U+27A1> friends<U+27A1>bf/gf<U+27A1>strangers...
Can you be in our IU Health Entry Pavilion by 6:20pm?
but it's no physical pain. That's financial. Lol
you are going to love it!!!!! No drama no rumors. Get out as soon as you can!
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit! Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, VIP Speaker...
that's one sexy man
I have a boring ass life so the Problem with instagram is that there's nothin interesting to take pics of lol
What is this liquid stuff falling from the sky???
because the answer to that one will show the hypocrisy.
Just want y'all to know that is the man. Doing some serious community building on a Friday night.
“: Now Following back==> Thanks For the Support Family!..-McM”got u
#bringbacknoodletsnoodle get the word out
#Crowdsource It's ok to drink 2 month-expired limeade, right? #right????
Your own virtual art department at the is a click away!!!
Joel osteen is soo inspirational what would I do without his books
#HowToAnnoyFolkAtWork.. play boring ass country music on ur computer!
Grey's Anatomy tonight!!! My Kleenex and eyes are ready for you!!
Does anyone know what the first step is to getting certified as an addiction/recovery counselor?
Any of you workout at Lifetime Fitness? If so , I offer a 15% discount on repairs and waive the diagnostic fee with repair
I love crumbles but prefer Morningstar's meatless "sausage" patties! Both $$ but a nice change.
Officially pissed at my porters. After 3 unsuccessful pages, I finally walk back there myself. My boy is washing his crotchrocket while the
are you a cat now?
Is it me or is Asher Roth about to take Eminem's spot real quick
Back from 13 down, #Kansas ties the game against the #Buckeyes!
#thereisalwaysthat1person who is drunk at every party u go!
I'm now part of the iPad club, I need some app suggestions, I did find #Gungor #ghostsupontheearth on ebook, get it
White tee (pause), throwback.
Thank you enjoy yours also
Just bought some batman socks.
I think they'll cast 75th Quarter Quell tributes first. I'm curious about Maysilee Donner, too.
Woot thanks for the shout-out!
**sloppy joes break**
“ “ Always carry a corkscrew and the wine shall provide itself - Basil Bunting #wine #quote””
love that show :)
thankx alot . Just keep listening . we have alot of new stuff coming out SOON !
Alaric Always In Our Hearts <3 :'(
Brittany, I Wanna Talk To Dede.
Per the sex tape: Hope you check the girl's ID. I trust you can do basic math. Assuming this tape involves other people.;)
we're honored to have you at our Commencement! See you Friday!
Yayy im Getting Instagram since its available for ANDROIDS.. ha :P #TEAMfuckiPHONE ...
"Dad, I got to ask the president about the aliens." jaden smith is cool by me now
Now we ain't pushing no foreign wipes, no AMG's. We coming to you in a bucket like KFC.
Ugh not tired
Studying Seventeen Magazine like it's my homework. :)
ED FSA CIO Richard Gordon shares his newly acquired "paranoia" after becoming a "certified hacker"; risk of compromised identities
Let ur #passion lead u to ur #purpose!
My 8 yr old daughter came *this* close to getting hit by a car moments ago. You realize how life can potentially change in a minute.
plus 6 please :)
At halftime, the #Mavericks lead the #Clippers by 8 in our Game of the Night.
so this dude used to run Chicago schools and now gets hired to come "fix" Chicago schools? Sounds about right.
Guess what tomorrow is!! The first day of our SPA WEEK! Book your 30 Minute Massages and 30 Minute Facials (ONLY $40 each)!!!!
Hey, by the way, we're pretty darn proud of our friends over at ! They're good people & they're doing good work!
Way to work "Abdul-Raufing" into LOLNFL. Bravo.
Lmao I know im new to twitter but damn mufuckaz got THOUSANDS of followers. I got like 65 or something lmao.
bc it was cloudy and rainy all weekend #Humid!
People who say there's nothing to talk about irritate me -
knows it just a matter of time.
Just booked a trip to Austin. Time to see some old friends and make some new ones.
A cold front comes in right before Halloween weekend! Are you kidding me!! Hello Mother Nature but don't u know costumes aren't very warm!!
a well dressed boy with no intellectual capabilities = <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
. Assorted Color Smoke Balls (Case of 72) threads
rocked it at the
With a 401k currently worth about 300 bucks, my eventual retirement is looking pretty bleak.
S/O to all the real supporters of XUH4H. We shall come back strong.
I'm being a good librarian and doing my research.
so true :O ^_^ I love your name! Haha
great team leadership from a true Michigan man!
of course!
i feel like complete crap. ugh
yeaa it wont delete
notice me out of 20million #BELIEVE 15
I am so making spaghetti for dinner.
good morning... Just woke upp *yawn*
What is the best way to get a gig? A good one! Any leads?
you must have a difficult time listening to certain tracks.
we are going to the a finals!! USA WOMENS SOCCER > MENS
i think i need to see you sometime soon.
In the booth
Kohl Center crowds continue to be lackluster.
Ready for the presentation at Niles West HS! Chicago.
yeah 40 years ago, it's all about right now. UK has the most all time wins, what's your point?
I wanna see in Spokane, WA so bad!! best band ever!!
is that u in that new avi?
Madden: juvenile probation reforms have reduced number of kids on probation more than 20%.
Look, liberals. Mitt Romney doesn't bully gay kids anymore, ok? He only bullies poor people now.
Russel Westbrook is about to take a dump
Lol!! RT : bet you never thought you'd be mentioned in the same tweet as a breast ultrasound conference. Haha
Travel safe. Tread lightly walkways can be tricky. Thanks MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality in Baltimore.
i love you. ! hope you do amazing tomorrow, ill be watching! #FollowBack ?
Going to go to the Y in a little
Ready to get my logo digitized, that's when you can put it on hats and shit
Why I'm I reading about "Jon a no show at Gosselin Anniversary" is this news?
Words can only influences an action....it's up to you how you react...
Saint Louis Park is out of power. 13k people without! No power until 11 pm. The BookMobile is CLOSED.
- definitely - resending my email right now
#directionsnv2011. Programming note. Save Coach Ault for the end. We still have Bill Eadington to come. Ralston style reality check.
We're on two different trains heading towered Mill ave.
"Like Jesus we belong to the world living not for ourselves but for others. The joy of the Lord is our strength."
Why did I join 3Seventy? Doing some very innovative things in mobile applications space.
I'm alright, and why dm?
I unfollowed those that were not following me back
SAT scores come out in 18 days. The wait begins.....
Downloading Of Mice & Men songs :3 They were freaking amazing at Extreme Thing! ^.^
Real restaurant with a full-service lounge area for hanging out.
When ur sister is at the door of ur room trying 2 think of a reason to come in.... (:D
please I know there stupid but really
Thank God that y'all are ok.
lol it's my fault for being late
Great! I hope your bird feeding is most successful! If you plan on offering suet, please come visit our site!
Thank you CapHill Civil War!
LOL. I feel that. Much respect. 100
again, great job today! I'm proud of you.
My kid IS one of those kids....Again, I'm around. Hope to c u in the future. ()
following Please follow me. I always do this with other people and they don't follow
What, don't play WoW for 3 months, and they hit you with 4 hrs of updates upon next login? Is this some sort of punishment for my absence?
All we du is zouk and juice
"A Shot Across The Bow" is a mean song lol
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
last min song writers night in the 'boro
"What the F*ck Are We Watching?": The Story of European Film Class
Ha, not FlashForward?
forever is a long a time , but i wouldnt mind spending by your side :))))) -- BOOang
she's getting it mass produced and will be selling them, soon she will be swimming in money. LOL
#community follow us and get an exclusive offer on a licensed #nbccommunity logo t-shirt. Printed on American Apparel this run only.
thanks and
Thanks for following!
oh darling, lets be adventurers. x
They Boo' President's and Vice President's Women, Now Female Pres. Hopefull (Not my Vote Tho') What's going on, WHere's the respect!!
Ready for the knowledge drop with at today's PR+Social Media Summit
Yes We Can! Yes We Must! Yes we will! Vote Democratic! Keep The Movement Going Forward!
I'd go with "I nearly failed out of high school; here's why, and why that doesn't matter".
thanks, Ryan although no one at the hospital knew WTF I was wearing, I have better fashion luck at Krogers!
Thanks for the follow. My content is mostly health, nutrition & sports medicine based. Hope U like it. Best, Dr. Narson
I just got to Hawaii .. Woo ready to settle in .. The house hunting begins .. <3
I gotta say, still stings, but couldn't imagine what feeling had been if we were swept. Long time to think about what could have been.
FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts is right 99.9% of the time, and he says Charlie Hales and Jefferson Smith will face off in November.
also, they are totally letting Grimace and the Hamburglar off the hook!
Wanna stop Kony? Send Chuck Norris... He'll find him and "erase" him. But then how would the folks at Invisible Children make a living??
!!! RT Dear GPS, Please add an, "avoid ghetto" option. Sincerely, Scared
Man with Down Syndrome in my church choir.Did not hear him speak a full sentence in 15 yr. Taught him Bach aria in Gm.Sang it beautifully
Finally getting to read 's first book (and loving it!) Have wanted to for so long! Spring break FTW
Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! Trend it :)
RT : Breaking: California State University trustees have approved a 9% tuition hike.
Dream on, Vampiro.
The Encore Show Choir performance is going on now! #exciting!
Understatement: SUMMER NEEDS TO COME NOW! NOW! AS IN, THIS MOMENT! yup.. Still an understatement.
THE GRINCH
Thank you for the mention---I did have to take a little time off. That is very nice of you to notice!! :-)
Grammar: the difference between knowing your shit and knowing you're shit.
Oh, it’s very very bad. Save that for home, or NYC, and eat a lobster roll instead.
I wish I could retweet this a million times! Lol
Will do, thank's for the article! We really appreciate it!
#WordPress #Tools Amazon Wishlist – Add your Amazon Wishlist to your blog.
Finally done hearing that BS:)
Ten more minutes until Robin Roberts maybe becomes a gay icon?
Thanks to for an amazing year at EA! We made it a year! xoxo
AROUND OAKLAND May 6: Schools of Choice hold open enrollment; Complimentary breakfast for realtors; Seniors to see ...
In one minute, I will be 30.
We're so happy to have you joining today. Who's at #upstream2012 today?
Check out for their Easter Sunday Mariachi Brunch from 11am-3pm, order the Chocolate Bunny Drink
Mobile Facebook is painfully slow. I think my phone is tired from being my Internet modem for 2 days.
What should Ranger Danger be this Halloween?
Apologies for not replying Jacob! I somehow missed your question until just now...
Time to carb up!
I never read them. Mrs. Barlow tried to make me in 5th grade though
thank you, i'm going to check it out!
thats so kind! ill be sure to follow you back :) :)
that booth was terrifying. I admire your courage
I live on the mahoney side of town now.. D: that'd be a really long walk.
Is still unfollowing and following people for me.. smh
are mario and meachum still at dinner?
no you shouldn't ....lol I just had all kinds of dirty thought....about you of course
Life is full of agony, loneliness, and suffering- and it is all over way too soon.
Thx for the shout out, Hope your week is going well!
Joseph Conrad's The Secret Sherry
Work, class, meeting, work again- all on campus.
Thanks! please do, i also reached out to Edan.
Hi , will have to send a team your way to rate the hotties at your establishment.
Congrats to Matt Birk on winning Walter Payton Man of the Year!
Also from , make sure your story has a wide appeal for the audience and has a wow factor.
I had problems with my nook at first, but not a single problem since! I definitely recommend it to the Sony Reader and Kindle.
": thanks #GoBigBlue" yup
MY friend jack and some coke makes for a
Cynthia Whitcomb teaches pitching workshop 7/28 PCC SE Campus PDX Students guided through creation/practice of pitch
So just added a bunch of my Dad's HS friends on FB...weird part is they all know me lol. Guess I was too young. Ah the start of a good week!
I wouldn't have to do anything ;)
It seems to be another one of those "wear your coat at work" kind of days. Still freezing in my office at work.
I was drawing an indian man ran out of time l wish I was an artist lol but ill stick to stick figures. So oki doki plan it is
yes please, we would love to see some of your work,
okay hi im sorry, but why are you cheating on your boyfriend with harry? pretty sad if you ask me
have a great day! Thanks for the follow! Feel free to contact me when u r up n running about bringing my VIP group 4 a visit
I don't believe so. Please fill me in so I can share with team.
Happy Mother's Day! What's everyone up to?
tonight headlines at Nietzsche's! Don't forget to get your tickets to see April 21st!
thanks for the follow. Hope you're hugging someone today.
fans still believe! #FearTheSteer as Game 5 is set to begin.
me too x)
Txt WEDDING & ur ZIP CODE to 43549 to enter 2 win an admit 2 tix to c THE FIVE-YEAR ENGAGEMENT at the Century 16 Belmar theater!
But seriously, I think Tessa and your execs would be excited about my ideas. Direct message me on best way to contact them.
I'm that way—sometimes the chance to publicly tweak a moron is too fun or makes too important a point to pass up.
Friends don't pay eachother back
#cwcon #H06 I'm going for the high tones: 192038348547394734945759574.,/,.',',/,.;,',],[,,.,;,'
HAHAHHA Redemption is so funny! And it was perfectly edited! Loved it!
studio time. must do some actual work and get away from this devil-machine that wants all my attention.
Such a good idea! :) RT : We are donating our FIRST batch of scraps tomorrow to schools for art projects.
#freshmanyeartaughtme don't be a light weight.
that's awfully high considering the trends the last several quarters. Not going gangbusters but recovering.
Along with Ed Poe and Donald Westlake. I've been writing a long, long time.
We are told the new year will bring slightly less of the unlistenable unfunny born-again morning show on This makes us happy!
I wasn't planning on going to school tomorrow because i was suppose to be recovering from this weekend BUT since shit happened, im going..
Coworker recently told me he saw my double. If u see her please tell her I can really use her. I need a couple of "me" - especially today!
hi livy! i miss you too. please tell me i will i see you next weekend?
they r cool but I go #RNGeezies(:
Thanks for the RT and helping spread the word!
THREE TIMES IN THE CHEST POINT BLANK RANGE!!!
Your Welcome :)
reunited soon
appreciate it Fam
Hey I will be in the east bay today hit me up for scissors or sharpening call or text 5173043525 Peace get at me !
Khon is always ahead! for some reason i search kitv first but they are NOT current!.
I love when after my work out my arms are so tired that I have a hard time washing my hair
Warning: interesting night= drunky tweets
Message to #Nikon: #AshtonKutcher? Seriously? With his wedding ring on? I threw my now not so "coolpix" in the trash—he's a total as#h$*e!
I agree! I want to know what happened!
Peter peter pumpkin eater!!! lol
ahah okays(: text me when and where i should meet you tomorrow. wait, do you even have my #?
Happy birthday x2
Oh Alex...what are we going to do with you?(;
Spiked my hair for the first and last time of my life
nopee i had a clay mask thing from walmart that i used
I Swear I Don't Know Anyone's Name lok
tacos..ha
#foursquare #guilty but in my defense...I love the deals you can get just by "checking in" at a place.
it's hard out here for a park MT No matter how many times I see it, the 17 directors in 20 yrs statistic blows my mind.
RT : #TEDxCbus in full swing. Comfortable seating, FTW.
thankfully I have a good digital alternative but it's harder to take shots at night
Not looking for the one that's perfect, just the one that's going to make it worth it.
playing with your boyz tonight Feel free to swing by if you're around :)
Hey there Crisston
Unreal traffic on Dodger "Express."
My swag flag is at half-mast, 's is at 100%.
I would love to know the socio-economic status students in everyone's school district - % free lunch- it impacts the conversation.
Harden from Arcadia High in California. Didn't even have UCLA on his list of schools to attend.
I'd buy anything Sam Waterston told me to buy.
You are correct. Frankie moved to Streeterville about nine months ago.
it will give 10% off and I'll throw stickers and a lanyard in homie!
I couldn't imagine having fun without life just isn't the same.
Today Tuesday Sept 13th is Wild Rose Service Unit (Girl Scout Troop) Spirit night from 5-8! Come out and show your support for Wils Rose!
We need more houses to sell in Metro Detroit, inventory is low. Buyer haven! Good News for
Unhealthy habits, materialism, obesity are just a few ways that advertising influences negatively affects kids.
Happy Mother's Day! May it be a merry time to appreciate the wonderful people who cared for you. Thanklessly, I should add.
who should we be listening to on this lovely morning?
Ugh, mine too!
People are so fake it is absolutely disgusting all I can do is say HA HA
I saw mostly goshtly last night and was just I think 9yr old there and now she's 13. Time flys by so fast
Yeah and some of my categories have around 30 pages... I hated when it dropped me on page 1.
how you misspelled it and it's right there when you tweet to me! So sad ! I miss chilling with you too ! Where been at ?
“: For the record, Holmgren turns 65 in June of 2013.” You are trying to make something out of nothing here...
<U+FFFD>Do not wait; the time will never be <U+FFFD>just right
I read the book last week....keep that on the DL. It's bro.. for a story about a 16 year old girl.
You do not always have to speak to lie, sometimes your actions do all the lying for you.
The world is all gates, all opportunities. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
good to hear. Think about some times that might work (give me a few options for Mon-Tues) DM those to me & we'll work something out
Presentation starting, and take the stage at #health2con. Health 2.0 has been all over the world
Getting blunted with my bro :-)
Don't wait for joy joy is waiting for you
Dropping a quart of opened paint off the counter is a great way to get paint ALL over! Oops, thankfully I use acrylic!!
"a performance by chris brown you won't want to miss"--so that you can curse at that *$%^#!
Retweet if your still up.
Make those sports dreams happen for yourself.
Heading to The Palms in Schofield for our #fishfry review.
omg!!! Mexico!!! Kool! Podemos ir al mar! Lol! ;P
hey slater mine
Do you guys think I'd be a good playboy bunny ^_^
Sometimes you have to just cut your losses and move on...
BITTERSWEET SYMPHONY FTW
u nasty as hell for that twiticon lol
Last night's debate was actually a great thing to see. I am a fan of Herman Cain after it. But I didn't like the coverage of it!
Im still #Salty about Austy moving:,(
I've stopped caring about a lot of things.
I just took an open bag of chips into the restroom without thinking twice about it. I think that means I'm ready to be a father.
she does't take any NRJ music award but we always love him
So my game is showing you're on, you should play Call Of Duty with me.(:
I look up to my nigga pepe
nobody knows my business because ikeep my mouth shut ..
It was wonderful spending time with you and ! Hope to see you soon!!
I answered this on your other twitter account a few minutes ago.
LOL!!!! That joint would sell like hot cakes. Internet servers would be crashing etc etc RT : she should lmao
have fun
you are very welcome
lol thnx:) my friend was like screamin youll make a perfect couple your so cute and your like perfect height I just laughed
- Thanks for the follow Martyn !
Lmaooo it kindaa do ! And it tightens your teeth !
so are you going to buy one from my link or not?
Vince Lombardi, right? Always liked this one ": Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire."
DO I LOOK LIKE McGUYVER?
#PaulMcCartney closes Grammys with Golden Slumbers suite. Ahh yes. My night is complete!
That was your Sunday TECH update...enjoy everyone and enjoy the second day of the NBA playoffs;)
you break a leg too!!
bd: It will only take a few minutes to download, can't we wait? 8yo: No, because in my years it seems like it takes a long time.
: You know it!!! hApPy HuMp DaY!
With ya on everything. FB is a joke. Spend very little time on there for the reasons you listed. Family & buds are all I care about
nightgymming is like nightswimming, except i'm not naked when i go and there's no piano. too bad, it would make the gym more interesting.
maybe by season 3 he will be right on! Haha
no shit bro. When Choo got hit, Hannahan got right in Sanchez's face and Moose pushed him back like a sled lol
Safe travels to the YMCA Soaring Spirt Nation dads and daughters from MIssion Viejo! We can't wait for you to arrive.
Bronco fans need to learn how NFL contracts work before freaking out about Payton's deal.
De siesto create your antipastos, sage butter chicken homemade ravioli brilliant, pinellas fl.
2272 noon today or thursday
> Gotta come for Lakers Night Specials!
ima d-boy doin what i do best, on my own hype mgame fuk the rest...
don't for get the perquisite committee meeting on: community management scaffolding - to be clear…its important
Find out how to tell YOUR story RT : We're set up down - come down and say hi!
We Some Dream Chasers
“: My face can't hide the Pleasure~” blasphemy
consider me amazed by that statement
I have tripped on every flight of stairs that I have encountered so far today. This is unsurprising.
morning sure is lol!:)
Metro Attorney Dan Cooper intends to retire and leave Metro in November of this year
Let me know what you find. : )
10 Stressful Jobs With Low Pay
It Is the fact that he gets a Hogan comeback every time. Losing cleanly after Rock won would've been more interesting
Good job Varsity Cheer!
do it
its good. Im actually moving to seattle. Im heading up this weekend. How are you doing?
is enjoying the gorgeous LA weather and getting thangs done ;-)
Haha I almost dipped in the trash can x)
the fast red fox hopped over the boring dog.
will you accept my award for me?
that's beautiful and your Momma obviously did a good job raising you up well.
Making sure our car isn't towed...
Time for lunch try our hand cut grilled or breaded pork tenderloin sandwich. Or our homemade meatball sandwich with our own marinara sauce.
Check us out at The Howlin Wolf tonite!
jeez i hate waiting for replies. fck it already.
come over
Not a good hair day
yes, indeed! will have a booth baby.
To tired to function.
"There was a problem downloading AMT204" […] could not be found on server" :(
I hate the suspensions and of course the injury but you can't hate on
Medical emergency...sitting at gate still.
He went to class early
Are you away from your TV News? TNC News Now Have Live Streaming CNN Headlines news and International right on your computer.
Yahshua(J-sus) is the Messiah! Turn to and follow Him! Read the whole B-ble for instruction!
Congrats to Octavia!! You deserved that win!! #oscars #dreamscometrue!
Accidentally dropping some random persons iPhone in Lake Michigan.. Oops..
I needed somebody screaming over me tonight. Upper body workout kicked my ass ...def kicked back though.
Star Applauds Euro Challenge Games in Yaroslavl
I'll take the job free of charge and tell you to GO FOR IT!!!
better that bag than someone body. Havent been this upset in a long time
There are no vampires or zombies in BUZZ, the young adult novel we published, but there is plenty of tension - it will keep you jumping
Happy Friday the 13th,
I'll hit u up on twitter later this week and catch u up a bit. shutting it down now. Hope all is well on your end.
#bestbritishbands, hmm lemme think, shud i say it like One Direction!!! or like ONE DIRECTION! lol xD the truth never lies :)
let's set the stage on fire tonight!
"Stay" made me realize I missed hearing sing. Didn't mind the eye candy though ;-)
Take it back! Making a cape is stupid easy, and holy CRAP are they fun to swish!
tomorrow is my last lab for the year, and more importantly i will not have to wake up for an 8 AM for class until next spring semester
See? is intentionally lowering expectations so she can wow the judges in the end. WINNER.
S/o to my new follower
Dear Ex, we need to fuck one more time. Sincerely, Me...... Lol
Interesting times in the neighborhood, Marvin Rich and family are occupying CAPark as well as the Board & Exec Suite of CADC
"Not all men are boys" says the 6 year old kid at Dick's Sporting Goods. His mother was at a loss for words.
volleyball time
where is the "add to cart" button? Where is PayPal button?
We have much to learn about the fabric of space-time. But we know you can't make a decent sweater out of it. Too scratchy.
Getting cookies in my pjs and monkey slippers.
always make me laugh in a silly way.
Went driving today and dude I freakin rocked at it
They call me boss for a reason I paid my do's to get where I'm at naptown highest boss ain't coming down without a fight
no, I haven't been to the Temecula region...should I:)
RT 5 yrs ago we developed micro sites. Today this doesnt work, we put the message where the people are #socialmedia sites
#2012c19 In California, even bad sushi is good.
Let's make a deal .... You can have Macho once a week lol.
I still don't have Reckless. Is it amazing?
Middle finger on the trigger so you know its fuck a nigga . - Lil Wayne !
dat was some crazy ass rain!!!
Were you hoping for a more investigative, in-depth tweet?
huh! Oh t-mobile canceling me May 30th. Ain't that some BS!
Oh, it's the most wonderful time of the month! RT Happy Gallery Hop!
Of course not! That's hanging in the servants' water closet.
Traffic making me swole!
there's always one more imbecile than you planned on.
nice compass
Glad u enjoyed! : ) RT : Great meeting Michelle of ! Got to thank her for the GF product I got from
Huh - white wine in a grilled cheese. Who knew?
CEELO YOU GOING TO LOOSE THIS COMPETITION TONY was your man.That women has been voted off since last competition she is TERRIBLE
It's just over when it's over, ain't it baby ain't it? Rips ya like a dagger, can't it baby can't it?
An alternate version of Ready Player One where the global energy collapse happens but we have Second Life instead of the Oasis so we an hero
Literally *whooped* and burst out laughing just now!! GoAndy!!!
Congratulations on a HUGE #UFCRIO Success. GREAT FIGHTS GREAT CROWD THE BEST FIGHTERS...
Thanks - will hope for fast internet for you in Mich!!
:) that is awesome! Thank you!
Jaden I already know..
Even Colon, Burnett and Garcia managed to contain this bunch of .200 hitters. Clay makes em look like Murder's Row.
Handling the gym, preparing for Thur Night club in Costa Mesa
Thanks for the follow from !!
Digging the new avatar :)
Follow back pleaser? :)
I agree - better to do a few well (where your audience is) than do everything 1/2-heartedly :)
Final week at . What a ride it has been! Excited about sharing our vision with everyone on Demo Day this week.
DESPERATELY need a drink after the week I had
why are you so gorgeous? ugh
I'm alive.. barely. I actually work all day so gchat is not an option, ha! Raleigh is the best though, I love it :)
I'm too far in too turn back now
So excited about Reggie Watts! Tonight 9pm!
RT : Never trust prosperity that accompanies prolificacy. Regularly reinstate UR humility w/ the birth of every new brainchild.
#CampCharlie threatened with eviction at 9:15PM tonight! Get there now if you can to bear witness and observe- RT widely
Hey Chad you into mlb at all? If so who do you like? Also who is your pick fro the world series?
Change of plan today filming then post production on the audio
i love reading the calgary herald! i moved to hawaii but my parents are still there!
Got plans tonight? I'm putting on a special show just for you. Live blues here at Indy's neighborhood bar Nxt to the Westin
BILDERBERG GROUP AKA The League of Shadows
He is so followable MT : Hello Twitter World! I look forward to sharing info abt NYC gov't & hearing from you ...
what's a rage face merries ?
Am I talking to Nester Acalpulco?
I'm defintely insane
which song do you love most? LED lights: www.lightingever.com
sorry for the (huge) delay in replying. I've been sick and haven't had opportunity for any "playing" for about a week.
Volleyball: Canby to hire Caitlin Gustin as new head coach to replace Bryan Kamahoahoa, pending board approval. Gustin is an '01 Canby grad.
That's fantastic Twitter wallpaper
To all the people who told me about Charleston, I agree. . .historic, romantic and quaint perfectly describe it.
I'm not much for the Super Bowl actually. Watch the commercials more than the game :)
RT : #MarcusHotels signs sponsorship deal for Indy Car auto race in Milwaukee this June
what reality shows do you like? love? HATE? tell me ---
PRANK APP: "Dude, your car!" ... Had the exact same idea, a little disappointed, but the app is great!!
The last picture almost looks like a red-tailed to me (?)
most likely the case haha
What? Never! RT I think Marcel enjoys embarrassing me.
same here will have to use brads ebay so might get it tonight or tomorrow:)x
I feel like doing a project this summer. Maybe a short film. Or maybe a guerilla style feature film.
You're eating well this morning sir! Enjoy.
head back down to 1910 the Elvis room. Have a great series going on; 10 songwriters & a J45. Each one song, you know some of them.
Walking past round house on way to gpu meeting
RT: 'If you want change, take out "we" and "our". It's their newspaper, they're paying for it. tom Culligan
Ah, my first Tweet was a twoosh! (A contraction of tweet-swoosh, when your tweet = a perfect 140 characters.) Thou shalt not spell past 140!
Adam Jones, ladies and gentlemen
Cats flipping out == the best.
Nervous about this test and a million things to handle later, but going to bed happy - I'll take it
Oh thats just gonna make it better when we beat the them!!!
I love how they are trying to explain prom but they keep interrupting eachother and disagreeing with eachother #younow -Brooke
It's gonna be too many people downtown ... I think I rather wash my truck.
Good morning
now following back Thanks for your support!
Looking forward to hear you speak at the Wharton MBA graduation this weekend!!!
RT : my son just made the most decadent, gooey toffee brownies thanks to can we start the resolutions tomorrow?
Infinite Possibilities.... still. Thank you for that.
Come party with Las Vegas' FINEST! Here 'til 6am! Check the latest blog/bulletin for info on FREE ENTRY to Showgirl Of The Year!
I miss soo so much!! I love you <333
Really beautiful. Widh nyc still had more of its colonial splendor.
Turn off: girl with Bird fingers
I just came up with a bunch of come backs. Three days after the argument.
Waking up for 5 minutes...too many free margaritas ast night at silversun pickups record release party.need more sleep .new album is amazing
late a night when all the world is sleeping,i stay up and think of you<3.
#boiled eggs and #champagne. dinner is served.
Sorry for being out of touch for a while. Lots of goodies in the works.
youu play too much hahaha your silly
HE IS RISEN
as soon as i get off work. :)
See the best in contemporary dance tonight @ SECCA. Tickets available at the door. Performance starts at 7 pm. For more: www.secca.org
How sweet of you! I'll see about renting a trailer! Thanks! :-)
What do I do?
But you have to. :)
shut up!!
Suggested rule: if you receive Medicaid, you must contribute to the program 50% of what you spend on cigarettes or soda.
drake is a pretty shitty rapper.
just a little, this series will get very, very interesting
Good to see you getting juice at Juiceland, !
I missed #USAsoccer. Taking on Italy right now on ESPN2
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams
now following this kiddo from the oak>>>>>>>>>>
Second golf outing of the week tomorrow = late night working this evening. Hope it is worth it for the fun and networking opps.
not casting right now-good for you for getting yourself out there!
Westlake center at 5:45, should be a good time!
Why did I put on so much eyeliner today...
That's good...your blowing up his TL he's gonna be quite surprised in the morning lol
kristine, what's up? We haven't talked in ages.
We will be closed on Monday, July 4th for the holidays. We hope you all enjoy your holiday weekend! Any fun plans?
Hey Guys I need followers because I hit my 2000 following limit Please retweet and spread my name THANKS!
Today is April 20th, 2012 and we live to serve another day!
All my fountains are in You
She makes me have butterflies when she mentions my name.Her laugh is adorable ad her smile lights up the room.She is perfect.
Morning Tracey, thank you!
": Us Tall Girls are running things I love being tall s/o to all the tall girls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+270C> #bbl"
can't wait to go to the set of today!!
. Chris just got back to me. Thanks!
Go see Peter and the Star Catcher!!!! It's one of the best shows I've seen in ages! :)
Big Girl Down
pac will win that i will put money up for that fight
Yes. Her legs have never offended me.
You have to try our #halftimetaco at the Street Food Fest. We promise you'll love it.
You'll be better for it. I know I'm glad I clicked.
Are you thinking about using ZamTech?
Best place to get my bike tuned up near Seattle's U-district? Anyone?
Thanks for the RT!
Haha, please come to school tomorrow!!!
Tonight is just not my night is it?! Monday is going to EXTREMELY awkward!
New song is so angry. Who wants to hear it?
ah wishful thinking.
Don't have anyone that can change/block a shot or consistently score back to the basket. Gotta love Crowder though! Watched him w Howard JC.
hey i am a huge fan of you and the hunger games. it would mean the world if you followed back, like no lie. =)
"Reply hazy, try again"
Lol ok gotcha. :)
Is a hash tag intended to be a punch line or add subtext, or is it a tool to search Twitter topics?
Us too! Hope to see you at the June
Lengthy discussion of R4.4b; document "or electronically stored information;" "inadvertently sent"
#Makeup tip: Sick of seeing cracks in your lips when you wear lip color? Apply Lip Therapy 10 minutes before to moisturize & soften
RT : Good morning! And happy paczki... I mean Fat Tuesday day to you! :) one of the great days of the year!
Does any1 kno if is gonna do his #AUSTREAM today??
oh man, I just saw this. I am not in top twitter shape with my response time
Ok what is going on on here with this whole fight??? #messysituation?
RT Vigorous exercise won't stimulate overeating, Under eating stimulates bingeing.
Yeah, the 3rd nine weeks just isn't my time for good grades right now.
You guys were amazing on KROV! You guys made my weekend with that, ustream, and younow! Follow Please?(:
ok thanks a bunch
Reading internship applications. Advice: PROOFREAD, PROOFREAD, PROOFREAD.
I'm sitting by the fireplace with a glass of red wine and good music on the stereo. It is damn excellent being a grown-up.
No Church in the wild...
g'day
Why is the Burger King radio ad saying that the new burger comes with Chris Bacon. Who the hell is Chris Bacon?! Oh wait, nevermind.
Take it down Grinder u got it.....
I'm so sad man my HTC face cracked. I cnt wait to get off
Today is National Grilled Cheese Day. Where's a good place to get a grilled cheese in Philly???
Like I literally laugh out loud watching it by myself. That's when you know something's funny.
Thanks for including the Sky magazine article on Austin in your daily!
Movies I always stop and watch when they are on TV: Star Wars, The Bourne series, Purple Rain
You can have whatever you like
i do, thats why i said it. i mean what i say when i say it
Sinuses are wearing me down, so there's a good chance I don't make it through this doubleheader. Downside to the spring.
for all the iconic boyz that are starting school tomorrow good luck!(: remember to be iCONiC!(: love you guys!(:
DAVES LAST TWEET
Forget about it girl.
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Don't be bothered with Brittain's recent health inspection score. A 65 could be an A in many Tech classes! goo.gl/PKEgH
Talkdemonic's Ruins LP is awesome. Distorted violins and feedback is beautiful. It's like they took the best of Godspeed & El Eleven Ten.
The long way ..
Beautiful fall day! Great for a ride!
Okay hive mind: needs an article/book to assign his students on the history/context of eBooks, and I can't think of one. Help?
Hello kidscraft/ it's been a while. How r u? School will resume Aug. 15th. Really excited about the upcoming school year.
Justin Bieber The Rapper: Hot Freestyles, Groupies, & Paternity Suits (PHOTOS) Summary: Over the past few years, fans have watched Just
okayy! I'll wear them too! Were gonna be the best looking ones there :)
Watching on Law and Order SVU. Drama, offbeat comedy and The Fonz, he can do it all.
come on make my holiday season and join me in the fit challenge #fitbottomedgirl #health # newyear
A student thought I was fifty once. I ate a lot of cookies that night.
Best performance technology for positive outcomes...mouth,ears and pen. Say it, Hear it,Follow up in writing.
soon itll be a new year which means NEW MUSIC !! its all about the music (:
What canisius game? who should have come us to the Joes- Canisius game saturday
I'll have to give it a try. Is it available in Elk Grove? Maybe at Nugget Market?
- We at "TheMovieTheKey" & Film_Sauce on Twitter are following "Doe Daring"!
It sucks when I work long shifts....
Chris paul>>>>>>> What a comeback
I treat everyone I meet as a potential life long friend.
People who wait 3 hours to reply to a text with "lol" should be shot!!
you know that me ! Lol
LET'S GO PENGUINS! Fleury, you kicked ass and deserve a drink!
i'm drunk
If you haven't started following make sure you do to receive special announcements & info!
lol you should understand that. I am a well behaved individual. Lol
: sorry but I have a no chocolate left behind policy!
Its about time I got back up on my #twitter game. missed me destroying him on here.
still do bro! Love it! Better service! Especially overseas!
Will these be televised???
Thank God it's FRIDAY! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
different background :P
Bag, 1 packet of tissue paper, 1 tiara, 2 Sonic milkshakes all for $70! Priceless :D
I'm not getting clear answers from my cable provider for the still missing shows. Will they be posted on the site to view later?
yup a lot of my family is on FB and old high school "friends" that i could care less to talk to
20 yrs ago, as NP News was born, Paesano’s was NP's only sitdown eaterie; now the hood is abuzz with fine dining & more to come. Grateful!
Enjoyin this beautiful day with my kids. Hvn fun until my daughters allergies started n now she has brkn out from them. :( poor thing :(
RT : A Boulder man is facing charges after police said he cut through a patio wall to avoid paying his $33 bar tab....
RT: Girls don't poop, that's just science. Read some shit.
Opening day at Eataly's rooftop Birreria--pork shoulder sandwich and a beer for lunch.
I want one of ''THOSE'' nights haha (:
there's only one way to get over the pain of that Larkin guy
me too! We need a shopping date. We should buy new LVs together
We are taking about how badass Faith No More were right now
Finally got down to writing more text for a lengthy song cycle today at noon, in my car, in a parking lot.
“The Important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are; For what we could become" ~ Charles Dubois
just broke a lightbulb. i dropped it on carpet. not sure how i managed it.
Snowing!! ? Didn't think that was in the forecast.
RT : Hate fighting with loved ones. I dont even understand how someone you love can make you so mad. <== what's wrong???
Almost there. Can you go to the club house?
#GrizzleNation 2 new albums on the way!
That is very true. Surely he'll get claustrophobic soon though. I don't believe I can make much more room.
Patriots over the Saints? I know it's just one spot but I don't know if anyone can slow Drew Brees and that offense down.
RT “: Elliot Williams doesn't play much, but when he does, it's must-see TV”
- That's it next year I'm getting on that cruise!, it always seems like an absolute joy and fun time like no other.
Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner is from a place nicknamed &#39;Bumtown&#39; almost a century ago
#FF Two great #Boston writers/journalists
to his credit... i think he'd get much better results in the #yankees lineup than the #cubs'
yeah man we can do something like that!
Let's go #Astros, back at home for an 8 game stand, need to get the bats going again. Need a win bad
Imagine the guy with the nicest smile on earth, aka followed me. That would be a great end to this wonderful day :) <3
Rob: "If I was a robot and I got stuck to a giant magnet and couldn't get away, would you try to save me? "Me: "yes." Rob: "Thank you, mom."
hahaha ik when your getting ready to sleep I'm getting ready to work! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
My wife and newborn son get to come home today!!!!!!!!!!!
javascript?… podcast it please :)
:0 follows me now. What is this blissful madness? Can't wait to see them at warped.
Beyond sick. Someone help me babysit and bring me some soup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
4:00 PM - Snake on the Lake Fest on the Memorial Union Terrace courtesy of Check it Out!
devastated. Feels just like the Cutler injury last year.
Sometime you have to travel to Hell and Back to find what been in front of you all along! I Love You Baby!!!!!
ravens made me happy. Ozzie is a wizard
The Andrews Sisters and Tex Beneke are just magic to me. And The Ink Spots are godly. Music needs to be more like this stuff.
second iteration: had to switch to PHP
thanks! It was my first trip win ! Enter next year!
I may not make it thru today!!!!!
lucky ! How long are u staying in connecticut for??
I don't care...its how I felt!!!
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :D :)
Happy Birthday!
Believe it or not Cleveland, allergy season is descending upon us, and if you suffer from allergies, ask us about anti-allergy...
Mental barrier
100 Bones is rocking out! Come on by ladies and drink FREE beer from 10-11!
okay twitterverse: do we consider a fork a weapon? as in do we confiscate it from the scary guy who sees things that aren't there?
Hey Family! I love you! So proud of my fabulous brother and his wonderful wife!
#wiunion "voter fraud is no more poisonous to our democracy than voter suppression. Indeed, they are two heads on the same monster.”
Having a hard time finding a booth, so I'm taking 10 with a decaf coffee at
imagine <3 Austin : You were God's most beautiful creation <3
very cool photo!
Daddy Help me with my Followers :D
LOL shut ur little ass up :p
dont care it's football season and the packers are 9 and 0 WU
wants to thanks people for their ENO pledges. Tomorrow morning 6-8, it's time for Sunrise with Lambchop! should be something to wake up to
Never will name calling be so fun...find out how We're breaking down stereotypes of developer & designer world. hive.aigaseattle.org
Er, make that Macelaru. Obviously I haven't been keeping up with my symphonic conductors trading card collection.
I'm surprised you have enough room on your wall!! :P
Gucci shoes no shoe strings $$$$
Just finished the Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle in 44:29 (8:57 avg pace/mile)
Busy start this week! Selling bikes. I expect to sell out Buddy Bike Sport by the end of the month. Get yours now!
they are, and you have to pass them to graduate. I really want to live in another state.
Love them! RT : Check out Touch of Gold at the stage now!
. says Rep. Tim Murphy (R-PA) has cosponsored Joe Barton's HR 2366 Online Poker Act. GREAT news!
surprised that and stuck to the favorites in the early games (except NCST which is listed as a favorite but is a dog)
Colorful Raindrops
I read the teleprompter went from potus to working for Romney tonight
My Thia lunch is way too spicy, even for me. *mad*
Haha . Whatever . How you been ?
Special #sxsw uplifting documentary awards go to: CHARLES BRADLEY: SOUL OF AMERICA and BEAUTY IS EMBARRASSING
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! :)
Sitting with NMSU coach Menzies at NMSU foundation dinner. Fantastic guy.
RT": "Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation." ~Henry Kissinger #Quote"
Child trauma camps in Japan start next week! Give now to sponsor a child - firstgiving.com/operationsafe
QOtheW "Instructions on living a life. Pay attention. Be astonished. Tell about it." -Mary Oliver
Ladies, come to God's Love Dinner tonight to hear about love in its most basic and complex form.
#FF on #politics ; on #Israel and #intel ; on #Russia and on
It is amazing how new ideas, even when they are presented with evidence, are resisted so strongly.
typically walks have been at 4pm (aside from yesterday) we'll let you know if it's at a different time
We just reach our 5K mark on indiegogo/ The Wailing Film Thanks to all the supporters!
Lazy Sundays are great, but that just means tomorrow is Monday...
Hey Vin.been long time.Tell Chris&Rog hi. Will hook up next time in Dallas. Bring my 4 yr old boy. Just got his first drums
They Say The Good Die Young I Must Be On My Way And If Today That Day Ima Die Like A Man With A Smile On My Face Knowing I Never Ran
that's good don't let them find u or you'll probably regret it like I did
I like when you rt dr brule. FOR YOUR HEALTH
this is a murder....smh
Out for ice cream :)
Your International fame awaits you!!! Invites the most people to like our FB page and have your picture and name displayed on our website.
Celebrating college success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Boston College, Northwestern, Emory Univ...
go ahead and laugh now I'll put you to sleep later
citizen engagement barriers: 1)profiteers from risky development don't want them. 2)citizen involvement comes after policy developed
ah i would die if i could be your FOTM i love u so much!! xoxo
Hell-to-the-No!
: VIP Invite: Miss USA Hosts a Breast Cancer Benefit at Skins 6|2 - eepurl.com/gofe9
Sound on my phone is broken, so I borrow ed my dads alarm clock& literally can't figure out how to work it, so i bought an app on my ipad
dude fucked up big time he called up his boss and said I'm not coming into work the boss said why not? he said i'ma go get bean with the bud
never say never!!
GiddyUp Support: The invitees list bug that we were running into has been resolved. You can resume checking who's In/Maybe/Out in real-time!
It's like talking to a brick wall with you...
Thx for the RTs! We're at 473. Need more!
Legendary, eh? We like the cut of your jib. Keep up the good work. Cheers!
Getting a big ass pool
All sorts of loose ends get tied up on season finale of #DowntonPBS... or do they? Find out Sun 9
Tickets are selling- FAST! VIP still available but some are upping their tickets to VIP so they will go FAST! Don't be left out!
I'm just saying... I might cry. I'm so excited. #BoyzAreBack!
IT'S GAMETIME!!! Let's take control of this series!!
sucks, hope u feel better soon
Definition of RR is: Not knowing the how and doing it anyway to produce valuable results! Goal is to build worth.
Hi Rich, no replies from BA or Virgin, right?
We can't wait to serve you up our famous BBQ! Thanks for the Recommendation!
Already started that countdown...23 days.
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has the Octagonal Barn avail for a group of 100 on 10.11.09, contact a coordinator for details at 503.693.8452
I just wanna be somebody important.
you Sir are a winemaking ninja! Would love to send u a tee you could rock in SF! If thats cool let us know.
thanks for your help will be in Portland next week is their any acting hangouts in pdx bars clubs
Chicago is a great place. When you go to a CASCHA meetings, be sure to say hello to (my wife).
It's amazing how the first major heartbreak changes your entire outlook on relationships from that point on
"You're just so perfect!" Also...fuck yes to eyeliner stripes and manipulative friendships.
drink every night coz we drink to my accomplishments.
I also think you should know that "7 days in Utopia" is on Netflix
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
i sent you my pic and username to your email for that thing..what next?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please Baby
Of course. American Gypsies are in West Virginia on TLC.
I'm serious. If I fail my math test I'm blaming and for keeping me on twitter..
Good times with
Great job yesterday. Thanks for coming out!
considering library science
no. Thank goodness. I would have called someone by now if I was.
missed you at the fest of books this year! hope you had a good time! i saw signed books back at the store & was sad i'd missed you!
Interesting to see which sites care about spring football and/or realignment. I see a lot of one or the other.
Very interesting, but not surprising.
- thanks for the follow. Hope you're enjoying some #PDX sunshine today!
#FF my upstairs brother !
It's DuMont! Got 2 myself. I had 2 xplain Drag Queens, Gay/Lesbian & Gay Marriage all in 1 day 2 my 10 yr old girl. New deal!
and yep it tasted really good!
I hope Dick and Tom have enjoyed their special day.
I can bring any photo or idea to life with beautiful stained glass tiles of any color. The end result is an eye catching work of art!
We are not there. Heads down on the next BeerGivr announcement ... its big. But have lots of fun!
I'll be hosting Vocalize It! At Lucid Jazz Lounge on Feb 9th 9:30-12:30 with my band, come out & get on the mic!
Thank you so much! Congrats on your engagement Kaylie=)
Big. RT *BURST APART* Jimmy Fallon on the 6th!
A Lot! ": I wonder how many 54-yr-old ex-pro football players can move like Madonna."
And with fantastical wings/you disassemble the act of standing,/escalating with poised turbulence/into a false sky.
“: atleast Lakers are still in the playoffs #whut” It doesn't look to promising.
Shocking! Frm : New #s show 1 in 5 Mass. households w/kids are unable 2 consistently afford enuf food 2 feed their families.
sorry but we are out of town the 14th! stoked though!
You need to work on getting about a million followers!!!
#LA12 is going nuts!
I'm Brandon, and i approve this message =)
Holy wow it is beautiful out right now.
Sunshine of Your Love (Disraeli Gears), restraining urge to mime guitar with furled umbrella
It's not going to be worth making the trip to some of my spots next week & next weekend
Hey and -- saw you on TV tonight. Looking good ladies!
hospital...sister...is everything ok?!
Another day and another crappy start to it
TONIGHT: The Vendetta Big Band live at Beauty Bar 617 E. 7th st. Austin, Texas. Swank. Jazz Standards. Cocktails. Etc. 10pm-12mid.
he's a winner :)
“: Every time I update the Facebook iPhone app, it turns all notifications back on. I can't stand it!”
lol the proof is in the pudding lmao. yall all think they players Its a byproduct of the dudes thirstyness gassing y'all up
I dunno, but I guess I'm in the incredible writing league - LOL!
The perfect ugly Christmas sweater needs you. RT I need the perfect ugly Christmas sweater.
#Team follow back!!
"Eat more fresh food," they say. Here's the reality for those on $1.50/day w/spinach: Canned: 98¢, frozen: 1.25, fresh: 1.69
you have been great on this story. Thank you.
I don't know that write
I will have to miss the crop swap on the 18th, out of town - should be a blast!
Hi Eric!
So you must have ordered 2 servings of mashed potatoes right?
I am totally Alex's
there's no such thing....quit playing. Lol
Cinerama Dome...worth it?
Here's to another 110 stations! I'm heading over to the Capital Birthday Bash at
Bosh balling... Like crying balling, not balling balling. Classic Bosh
FactCheck.org will be busy tonight...
Very welcome! PERFECT EXCERPT of Ryan Braun press conference. You deserve an
Just tapped Lips of Faith Raspberry Saison.
3 yrs Ago Today My Beloved Brother Passed Away To The battle of Brain cancer. My heart Goes to all of you that Have Lost a loved one.1HEART
Money make her come , money make her dumb ..
While cleaning out the backroom, we came across a box of old "Due Date" stickies. Does anybody even remember these?
I doubt that's going to be the theme for next season though...
i always have harry feels. it's probably unhealthy...
Sometimes, we play with love. But when the time comes and you finally realize that you wanna get serious, love plays with you
If you feel like a fish out of water, remember there's a big beautiful ocean out there that you can decorate any way you want!
Neutral ground where else do they use that term? Only in New Orleans everywhere else It's the median. :-)
For they Heat to avoid the Knicks in the first round of the playoffs, they'll need both a Knicks loss and a 76ers win tonight.
70 you're really pretty and we should talk more(:
they just sent it out a few minutes ago
i would but just last week took my car to the junk yard so im without transportation..
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie - 1. Don't watch them?
I have "Hoagies & grinders, hoagies & grinders, Navy beans, navy beans, Meatloaf sandwich, sloppy joe, slop, sloppy joe"
Lol I miss him too I ct wait to see him at the wedsding lol lexis looks good wit curl hair
November 5,1968 The first black woman representative to serve in Congress, Shirley Chisholm, was elected.
everything in life is a gift to be received w humble and joyful thanksgiving! Lord, let me not take anything for granted
lol its still alive ask leele to take u to yo house after college
that is weird anywhere...maybe her skin just got really dry over the winter?
“Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.” <U+2015> Harriet Braiker
Minnesota trying to burn us down
I just saw this lol. Yeah I might get one...we'll see haha
I gotta get you the ones I got .. And I will gonzo in a few weeks for Lil bit
Sarcasm helps keep you from telling people what you really think of them:)
Millions in Asia suddenly vaporized. News at 6PM.
did you just reply to yourself?
pic of me sneaking McD's in too. I'm sneaky too
I'm realllllyyyyy tryna play some basketball!!! Who's down????
Who started it??
so excited we just received confirmation from Pella - gr8 windows & doors company 4 the Exchange event!
Tired of always being the bad guy in everything!
that was an early list. Kent and I plan to be there + some of the tweeters (anonymously of course)
blessed to wake up to another today..now its time for me to go to the doctor nd afterwards head to work.
I wouldn't expect you to be anywhere else but the
Finding out that ur best friend has a twitter when u haven't seen her in a year :')
: Awesome, presentation! We'll have video soon.
LMAO. Spoken like a true African mother.
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing quality homes in San Antonio.
Bought a butt-load of books from Barnes and Noble.... one of the few times where shopping seems therapeutic for me!
Don't miss THE party of the summer! RSVP to 944's Nightlife Issue Bash at the Hard Rock this Sat. Hosted drinks! www.944.com/sdnightlife
just been listening to taking back sunday
Just now awoken by a tweet.
Love Instapaper, but video/photo support and iPad layout make Pocket look a tad better. Any future plans for similar features?
": Flat Out of Heels is hosting a launch event for our Spring Collection May 30 in Miami...stay tuned...."
that's NYC for you. I miss the double features at 104th st Corona movie theatre back in the day
im there
The 7/11 near my house now sells hot pizza and chicken wings. Thank you for this upgrade.
I hate rain..
"The librarian has ever been the scholar" --Mary Plummer
email me fam. Need your number too cool.
You know classes are over when ...
Ay the session lastnight was buck.!!! What the heck
Thanks for the #FF :)
I'm looking forward to some new albums coming up, Lights' Siberia and Mayday Parades' self titled.
Some people call me the space cowboy š
That was a totally weird experience. My fight or flight response has been reduced to simply flight. Cool.
Woke up with the best feeling. Went to sleep great after seeing my special someone. She def is the best thing in my life. Def on that grind…
Never be bullied into silence and be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
awesome. No diving for me this weekend. Got kid stuff and a sore ear. But I did 7 dives in my new drysuit lady week.
Found, but not proven.
Go ahead and push me away and then wonder why I’m not there when you change your mind.
this is why i didnt see it. You only tagged half of my name.
Our own Encyclopedia Virginia was the lead story on NBC 29 tonight great job
Happy happy Monday! ;-)
Y'all go follow for me! :,)
With cloud gaming such as OnLive and Gaikai, upgrading your console is as simple as moving closer to a data center!
Playing Friday night @ 10 @ Pineapple Jacks. www.digglersbridge.com ; www.pineapplejacks.com . Thanks for the head's up.
Taking an home after the game w/
No it's ok, i'm teamless and girless :(
In the grand scheme of things, money is NOT important. Seriously, folks.
I find it funny that Arby's slogan is "Good Mood Food"; I only ever eat Arby's when I hate myself.
I WISH there could be some garth action... Im singing friends in low places at the TOP of my lungs
RT : Places I'm not right now: smoking in my bikini, in a convertible on my way to the beach with a thai kickboxing, German.
RT solid chicago/illinois startups at 's thursday one event: , , and
and yes, it is that kind of party #m&ms
"You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you." - John Bunyan
it's the awesome BestVendor robot! :)
embed might be in private wiki at the moment. Will talk to the student. This is a set with big images which is probably a problem.
it's on tap, looking forward to it.
First time flying , pretty pumped!
haha nvm it was a bad joke
enjoying a cigar this evening
I'm chugging red bulls.
The Sounds of the Season station went from Halloween Tunes to Christmas. I guess there aren't a lot of Thanksgiving songs.....
On the bus, hoping desperately that it gets her to the car so she can make it back to the office before 6pm for meeting. *impatient*
Thank you and #edcampfoundation for all of your help. Without it we wouldn't of had an amazing
Have fun. Hike your butt off!
You back in the States Phoman?
yes! make sure to follow back
yeah everything still a go I peeped the shirts yesterday. supposed to be Hittin u up ASAP
It's almost like Tiger doesn't realize he just needs to bag a few white women and he'll be right back on top...
pleasure meeting you last night w Jan. cheers
Your not my real mom. There i told you my secret
off to buy more glue sticks, post-prom goers making may day papercrafts used up the last few. lots of fun and great results!
These hoes aint got no sense of direction lol misguided and undecided
omg yes "dan" has a twitter!!
Every man should be required to dress like Daniel Craig does in The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
he did love u!
If you want to support the Columbus arts and entrepreneurial communities, you can do one of two things (or both)...
Would you say U.S. currency is made of paper or of cloth? My 10 y.o. and I disagree.
If you can't find somethin to live for, you best find somethin to die for
": Newarkpulse is too! RT : Live Tweeting from Newark City Council" Thank u both 4 keeping Newarkers informed
darling you're with him.
Thanks for the hook up, Heather. Sounds like we spend our days surrounded by music!
By the jerseys spotted at Sprint Ctr, every NHL team is playing each other tonight. Also team USA.
Already working on music work- including a new dope song- I have been up since 5:30 AM working lol....
eww no an okay
dying over monkey table
I ETS to become a filmmaker.
Need Some IQ B 4 I Go To Sleep.M.P.
pretty sure the bee up my pant leg this morning would have qualified as distracted driving
Thanks, yes, I totally LOVE it. I found a great beginners course to start. And yes, I am the biggest danger to myself! :-)
Dude, I am ur biggest fan!!! I <3 you!
Lady #Zags win big tonight.
I'm *loving* ... It makes me want to have a more exciting life so I can capture it all in photos!
Thats awesome! Make sure to get a lot of photos! Have you planed out any shows you might be going to while you're there?
Have a super nice weekend, enjoy,relax & keep us in mind for your Brazilian Hardwood flooring needs!Cumaru - Ipe - Jatoba & more
Anyone have any good Halloween costume ideas?
Nothing like good old soap and water for mind, body, and soul.
I mean forreal, get an obsessed fan like one of us to proofread before publishing. Smh
Love, love, love the show #SecretMillionaire so much good being spread in the world!
I've been asking myself that same thing all day.
so what time do you think we'll be done tomorrow? ;)
My fan suggestion for an interview is this dude right here! Straight crush. He needs some US love!
aye man.. kinda looked like u were
My favorite cheese is American cheese:)
#idonthavefactstobackthisup Gyros were created through outsourcing in the phillipines.
you better be at 7on7!?
You Are Such A #PrankStar!!
I was working . . . as to the Yanagawa River that is another story.
Thank You! You are all awesome ^.^
THEN, he has to stop being a TOAD.
I am your constituent and I oppose SOPA and PIPA
#NP Space Bound by Eminem
it said yes, defiantly
One more out! Come on
Oh my god, BRILLIANT!
Don't we own matching ones too? That'd be rad :]
wow! What kind of tattoo are you getting when you want one?
I'm out.
It was delicious!
"How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live." - Henry David Thoreau
Happy B-day !!
sorry I couldn't make it! How was the event?
A woman who knows how to fuck starts off by sucking the dick then rides the dick then gets doggy, arches that back, & handles that dick!
lol, just reread your original tweet for the preso where you clearly indicate 'all welcome'! sorry for bugging u.
Did he actually say that?
Remember , you all rock and you can do anything , as long as you set your mind to it :)
Thank You :)
I have no right to complain of being tired at end of day, women don't work as hard as men & so on.
I'd love to hear some of his quotes after yesterday's race
we are performance tonight that why I was call you What are you watching?
~Nelson Mandela~It is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change
What have you done in your life that you have regretted? Were you able to turn yourself around?
Great! I think I know it like the back of my hand but sometimes I don't...lol
Bwhaha RT : Boris Diaw Team Role: EATS EVERYONE'S LEFTOVERS
So Come Here Baby And Let Me Do It To You >>>
On #BeyondThunderdomeWednesday we require all of our contractors to dress like they live in Bartertown. So, mohawks, leather, and beards.
Ok, I was one of the 6 who didn't follow . Mistake is now rectified.
We are playing ball tonight, right? I'm leaving now, so stop me soon if I'm being an idiot.
Finished my paper about Locke's ideas and feeling as verbose as Locke himself.
Got a question for ya... Is there a way to insert an image or figure into a script? Or would I have to export and do in another prog?
what's skerrie! On my way too midtown, u?
oreo!!!!! are you on a diet? or are you gonna finish all of those oreos??
Jeffrey got all his 'HOMIES' up on him . Btw , his homies are Justine &' I .
Go 'like' Sonny's new band Attack At Dawn! :)
OMG, Dane Cook thought something I said was funny. I still don't like the way he wears his hair these days.
Yes, you are a very religious Catholic. No, that does not mean you are above me or in any position to judge me.
Sizzling Summer Sale is still in full swing. 50% Off Juicy Couture, Deux par Deux, to name a few. New Fall arrivals expected this week.
Online Patron Training
. She is! It never occurred to me before!
"Charity sees the need not the cause." German Proverb
Chillin in the barn
It seems that the goal in life is to shed everything that is false and to return to the source and authenticity of the true self!
i have no doubt, that would be very ... very effective. ;)
Need to hurry up & start planning my Booze for Books shindig. Picking an alcoholic punch recipe is the next step.
Stanley Park is lovely.
I love when somebody tells me that they have a good feeling about me.
I LOVE Grey's! Best show ever! I really miss George though,
they do, I couldn't miss this.
I wonder where my ipod is.
I wish my students could see the irony of their papers that complain about students that can't write.
Models Call time 9 PM Sun Dec 4th @ La Vida Fashion Show 1448 N Gower St. LA 90028. Bring UR ID 21+, Come Camera Ready with Pairs of Heels
30 Cops At Rick Ross Show, Goons Get Locked Up
If lebron james gave me his head band, sleeve, and shoe........
what about you?
I feel like I'll never get my sh it together.
Julia Roberts is better than my role. It's not as clear in this clip, but there's lots of patriarchal condescension.
Here's how to make a #bulb choice that's best for your #home, your budget, and your spaces
DarthJones is back in the game. I'm going to start making videos again.
Be there by 7:37-ish with your picture :) I'll bring the tape!
This pigeon flew along side me. It's wings were flapping perfectly in time, with the shaker, in the song I was listening to! #awesome!
"In the end we all want love"-
Haven't been to "Reunion" since the last Mousefest. What's some good events going on this year?
Whether you’re looking for a single security staff-member or an entire team; whether you need the ongoing service of a professional who wil…
Apparently the Final Four floor is sponsored by Pat O'briens
Stat of the night: What's closer than Mitt's margin of victory tonight? 08 Iowa Caucus: Romney-30,021; 12 Iowa Caucus: Mitt Romney-30,015
Follow Friday. Throw us up. One week until our home town show. See you there!
Not sure where the weekend went, but it's Monday again. Are you ready for a productive week?
Ok greedy. LOL. Now about that feature? Would LOVE To Quill Wordsmith in June/July. Let me know. Peace
Good thought... That was my rationale for THX-1138; I don't think we'd have Star Wars without it.
Chairmen Billy Payne referred to the Masters smartphone and tablet apps in his presser. Didnt say iPhone, iPad app like usual.
RIP Adam (MCA) of The Beastie Boys. This is happening wayy too much.
Love is giving someone the power to destroy you, but trusting them not to. <3
"Beauty is more beautiful when shared." -MrWondrous
From this morning's Plenary Session: all children, especially those most at risk, have access to effective
if I managed to get to respond to this would I be the absolute best sister on the planet? ;) We love you Tom<3
i fux wit just listened to that mixtape shit is stoopid 4 real. Keep doing ya numbers
"That beer doesn't sell"-- Stop using this excuse
Lol Heyy! :D It's going great! Thanks for asking. How about yours? :)
#RachelsAudition I cried :'(
LIAR LIAR LIAR I was at the door...so what's your excuse NOW
Oh shoot. I'm off work tomorrow. I will have to make myself remember to get online at 11 (CST).
is busy in the studio!!!
Thought that popped into my head while thinking about a book: If a African American had wrote this book it wouldn't have been published.
We miss you!! Thanks!! ;)
totes ready for blacksburg game tonight!
#ItemsSoldAtAHoodAuction... Drugs, Guns, dirt weed w/ a lotta seeds in the bags, crack/cocaine, stolen items, silverware from the redlobster
Just sneezed
Just picked up my Childish Gambino tickets. So fucking excited.
yeah but he's one of the good ones he plays the game fair, but he refs soccer sadly.
#April25 gets his braces off(:
Thanks for lasagna, salad, & breadsticks, for the spaghetti & meatballs, and for the chocolate!
thanks - i'll be sure to ask you about it
I got everything downloaded and working on it now. It all looks good
welcome; thank you too <3
um, yes, please. When is dress rehearsal?
... So I creep ... I creep around cus I need attention don't mess around with my affection ...
Finna hit this #workout flow!
On a countdown before my official layoff date: 8•7•2009...
Nightmares again! This time lions, tornadoes, and permanent ink. I just wanted to erase something. Argh!!!
RT Wait did the Red Sox sign John Maine or did John Maine just *say* the Red Sox signed John Maine?
Great interview with a legend
Make sure your Irrevocable Life Insurance Trust (ILIT) is correctly funded!
"What keeps me going is goals." - Mahummaad Ali”
Got my 3rd SAG voucher last night! Finally SAG eligible
I Cant Keep This Up For Much Longer
Just like the All Blacks Rugby Team: MAD SKILLZ! “: Well we *can* cause we has mad skillz ;-)”
Yup. RT : Is anyone else having trouble shortening links in Hootsuite?
RT : A1: A willingness to get your hands (and knees) dirty even with an office job.
Happy New Year #Bombshell!
sup? me? im trying to get an old freind from school to remember me
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
I run win7/IE9 on a mac for various tasks. Also a fan of but appreciate the Parallels polish at times.
all about east bound and down
If you say "bitches love me" then you have a small penis.
It occurs to me that might have been the first time 'evangelical' has been uttered on that show. Thanks again Phil!
Happy New Year!
You spend your life looking for the perfect toothpick, and then it hits you- the REAL answer is to eliminate the need to eat food. Wow.
And then there's you. Apparently it's your job to defend an entire conference of scholars.
Please show a friend our music video for "Locked & Loaded"! We're very happy w/ how it turned out. www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Minne the lake creature is about to return to the lakes of Minneapolis. Watch at 10pm to see what we learned about her.
Never underestimate the power of CREATIVITY It defines culture, and represents the people
aww how did you know?;]
bro what's your gamer tag?!
Getting ready for bed soon. Just reading online.
is on twitter!!! :O It's so strange. Am I the only one who thinks that? lol
Everything is about to change.
is absolutely adorable!!!!! Best cat and human pair goes to and
Montel is borish self centered and over hyped. Will not watch him
Ugh sick, this sucks :(
good work tonight Staniel
good effing idea! : Throw popcorn at the back of their heads during the flick? " ... i with teenagers abt 2 ...
yo momma! Flat out!
Jennifer is simply amazing. Fabulous tribute to Whitney.
no thanks. you guys need him and his 3-15 shooting
I like to be liked.
If you had five dollars and Chuck Norris had five dollars then Chuck Norris would have more money than you.
CMS: EagleEye also provides an archive for faculty of their notes, successes, work.
aww IKR .. How's the fam neway? I'm bout to txt u. Save my # k
Congratulations! RT It's official !!! Got the letter fro the IRS !!! A confirmed 501(c)(3) !!!!
You forgot the 'h' on the end of Pittsburgh!
Great to see you, too.
Al Davis-RIP. You gave so much to football. You made a difference. Glad to have met you.
Can't wait! #fordla RT : Our 4th Annual LAVida Music Festival is scheduled at for Sunday night, September 2nd!
RT : : Thanks for the FF! Cheers! Of course!
Starting the strategic marketing online seminar in a few minutes... see you on the other side!
Hindsight is always 20/20, but I was thinking the same thing.
i have disneyland jealousy! no fair haha!
Good for you!!!
Friends inform me that it is actually Battleship directed by Peter Berg and not Transformers 4 directed by Michael Bay releasing today.
Gah, that's even worse than perfume. Happy to report the second flight was fragrance-free.
RT : So Dougie Hamilton has been named OHL Defenseman of the Year? No surprise, since he's the best defenseman in the league.
The opening riffs on 'Harvester of Sorrow' are that piff. Metallica is that piff.
Bitter Cold Long Run!
Shutting down production next week for the holidays. 2011 was a great year & we appreciate you all. Happy holidays!
Naw, was Saturday afternoon. But it HAS been strange riding to work in the dark again after weeks of gradually brightening skies
Smile! It will help puts your nerves at ease and help you be inviting to others. Networking tip from ,
im here with two other ppl!
Texting Dylan. Nbd.
Good luck on your final! We're sure you'll do great!
Really don't need Twitter at all
FREE SAMPLES of No Wake IPA 8:30-9:30 tonight! It's also on special ALL DAY! Pints are $3.25, pitchers are $10!
"If any man wants to win a woman, let him show that he respects himself 2 much 2 allow her to trample on his rights." 4/18/1873
Thanks for visiting Figaro's! Saw your check-in on and just wanted to make sure you enjoyed your pizza! How was it?
Ha! Sounds fun RT : When I get married it's going to be an Enchantment Under the Sea theme. Band, punch, the works.
how is slick willy??
. dear willy, I won't forget. Your time disrupting this movement is over. Move along or be dogged.
"You have enlarged the nation and increased their joy." -Isaiah 9:3
one more out, come on Feldman
We're now at the stage where we have a QB I've literally never heard of before.
just got off
or 2 things I want to tweak... DM me your email address and I'll get you a copy a little later this week.
tweet tweet... Tweetie..
the new Pip Skid video for Skid Row! Amazing work by Randy Frykas and crew!
Estate, Foxwoods, & Shrine this Weekend - Love Holidays!
Here's the bad thing about blind date. The date could look like a chia-pet.
I only use it for my film blog and Vulcan shit. Twitter is God.
The dude sitting in front of me has bolt screws for earrings...actual bolt screws for earrings!
Subtitle: The true story of a rich white man and his epic struggle to make his Country Club dues and buy a Hummer
Central Indiana #Flamenco & #Bellydance teacher & local #danceGem Faten Ali Munger performs tomorrow!!!
You are welcome. Look forward to chatting!
My truck is dead...
yes! So you can dye it as soon!
Odd not to see a Hawk or two in the top 20.
they say money make you happy thats a mf lie
gatta go running with my momma!!! she dont want to go by herself.....brb
RT Congrats to for being 'best private school' four years in a row!
boo! We might have caught it from twitter. You can check out the album now on our FB page. Thanks for "playing". (-:
i know right?!? i haven't been fucked since july
We had a great time at the and the game last night! Thank you and for organizing it!
If only Mondays were ever good...
RT : J. RODDY WALSTON AND THE BUSINESS CD RELEASE PARTY SATURDAY JULY 31ST. TIX ON SALE NOW...Beard opens the show!
Boot camp was awesome this morning, now a healthy and tasty lunch at California Monster Salads!!!
Where at?
Sounds great RT : Just finished the "throw it all in a pot" stew with grated parm :)
hey winners! how much are you enjoying your awesome prizes?? shout us out
At North Seattle Community College, where Chris Jones, a former PPEP student was asked to speak during the President's Convocation.
See you in A2 this fall...
It was better than saying winning.
I really wanted Bledsoe in the deal for Nick Young.
Ecuador&#39;s president to boycott Americas summit over Cuba&#39;s exclusion
ABOUT TO GET THIS STUDYING ON.....
What a great weekend. Congratulations to Steve Stricker for playing a virtuously flawless 4 days of golf. Very motivating indeed!
Heh, I loved that line too.
I'LL FOLLOW ANYONE AND EVERYONE! EXCEPT IF YOU HATE ON HE'S AMAZING:)
DISCUS announced the election of John McDonnell, COO of Patrón Spirits International as chairman of the Board of Directors for a 2-year term
The hardest thing I ever had to grow? Crownflower in climate too cool, and too many aphids attacking it.
Maybe I should just work at Sonic. I live literally five seconds from it. I could walk there. I can see it from right here in my bedroom.
So good, but so freakin weird! Love it.
ok, further conference idea: Mini Museum Maker Fair: "M3 Fair" no case studies, all teaching and making and hacking
hey pit Plz follow me Love u;)
amazing. Thank you #20peopleilove You are just the kind of person that makes the world great
nice! Go Tribe!!
Eli playing up the country bumpkin angle tonight. Seems to be working. Not bad so far.
that's some very discerning misanthropy. Hats off to you, sir!
MASH!!! Now there's a TV show!!
I'll take years off my life before I'll take life off my years.
Making me some food before going to my class at 1 <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3>
changed my mind I am cheering for Poulter!
Thank you!! Have a great weekend :)
Big win for the grizz. Just got home from the game. Friday night Adrenaline is at JR's in olive branch ms 8:00p.m.
let me know if you want to come to the library program showcase on April 11th. We would love to have you there.
Cmon bro, u awwreadiii know! GIRLS GONE WILD RT: “: What should I do tonight?”
Life Is A Journey Not A Destination.. Enjoy the Ride!
next time I'm in Minne we'll have to do a little #downwarddog together ;-)
don't do that.!
where are you now?
Summer semester is over with all A's -whew!
HA! jinx on the monkey/gorilla tweets.
New York Times reported on Friday our economy grew .3%, electronics gained 3.7 %, clothing increased 0.6 % and building materials rose 0.5 %
Here we go on my long day
So true, Jeannie!
guessing you ain't tweeting me from county...
. Sorry to hear you can't make it. We appreciate the kind words though.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the Day are Mushroom and Cauliflower. Sugar Free Lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, now to get noticed follow?X18
how do you justify driving an escalade?
Please help my friends get on a new show by the producers of amazing race!!! Please repost!!
Oh baby I like it raw
happy new year
What the hell happened to the Cold Front that was said to be heading this way? ;-/
So long Chi-Town, hello Irene
Will pay finder's fee for paid web projects.
I was so annoyed with the shittalking and booing him everytime he came up to bat.
so if I get bigger arms?!?
I just wanna give the Stanford kicker a hug <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Good thing Im not 60 that would have been a hip replacement. Lol
You have to be the next winners. That performance was sick! Blow my mind each week.
really wanted to go to 's session on testing. :-( hope I make 's workshop too.
Take a journey through my universe....
Yup, I'm a Pitt alum. I avoided surveys when I was under-employed, but maybe that's *exactly* the info the school should know...
I hate seeing stupid tweets about you.
Thank You :)
<U+65E5><U+672C><U+3092><U+30DC><U+30A4><U+30B3><U+30C3><U+30C8> Boycott japan !!!!! STOP THE EVIL KILLING OF WILLDLIFE
I finally know what i want to tell you.
Putting Mother's Day Jazz Brunch together at Sawyer House of Yakima. Treveri Sparkling Wines, Essencia Catering with Rondi & the Jazz Crush.
Now if I paid for the service that (like I do with flickr) I would feel very different
getting hot here in AZ
Fake S butces
Driving Kayli to school. She is late today.
": parking spot 336 is usually empty! Shannon used to park there" where its at ?
Heading later to the 11.45am session of and about teacher enterpreneurship. Great story!
Wheel-route? Q going deep? Rice playing QB? You can't question my creative genius. Players must simply execute my plans.
#people who matter
I suppose you need to have a first-class ticket to enter the XSLT Lounge?
HOLY SHIT. Car accident outside my house and the car going up in flames. I'm still freakin' shaking. I didn't know what to do.
Call me, you know what time it is!!!
I've seen live atleast 7 times, but its been soo long since the last show I attended. I wish I could go to #bamboozle :(
What is the most unusual ingredient you cook with?
“: A skinny guy with a six-pack is like a fat girl with big tits.. It doesn't count.” ha ha! True..
When I bond with my beautiful cousin <3
More finger-tapping iPhone action from yours truly tonight : Keygrip : soundtrack to silent film
still on, 530?
The whole point of Peter and the starcatcher is that such simplicity and magic is only presentable on stage.
Omg! This pretty girl is here right now. I want to talk to her but I feel like if Ima look stupid.
I know thanks to the upcoming dates of LOL Movie, it was dubious about Spain. THANK YOU :D
I think i must be getting boring.. I haven't been able to think of a worthwhile status for like a week
It's the cutest.
i can't even imagine look forward to it
Some of yall Girls should NOT be allowed To say "LMAO" cause yall aint got No ass!
lol I was getting a picture there :) Diet Pepsi does taste like furniture polish anyway, I'd have wine instead. You know me...
Better pick some up for Babe and Love so they don't have to sleep on shoulder
Overheard in the Qdoba line: "Damn, they ain't got no bread?!!??"
hmn I guess I will just not dm it :p how much is a session for 2 tracks I have the beats done just need.... ..
Cookie knows she has more presents to destroy in the living room and is itching go get up. Kind of like kids, but not really.
twitter partayyyy? Yes. :)
Nice job Erin!
have they maintained audience members through the series?
sweet c:
" love ya photos!! follow back we n that model world :)" #nowfollowing Thanks for the luv! See ya at the top ma ;-)
I wish.
We're talking via twitter now- what's this relationship coming to!
You bring the darts, we'll bring the axe!
If you have an hour, will you not improve that hour, instead of idling it away?
Moment of silence for REM-always conducted themselves w/ utmost grace - HUGELY impt & an exemplary big rock band that did it the right way.
Faith was the greatest compliment a human being could ever pay God. - J. T. Pugh in How to Receive the Holy Ghost
Kudos to the Mayor of Memphis, TN for starting a walking campaign, and he's leading the walk himself, saving lives in his own city. Inspired
<U+266C> Happy Birthday Tony Bennett "Stranger in Paradise" "I Left My Heart In San Francisco" <U+266C>
wow I would love a female friends
A career as an actor is a long, long road. Be patient and enjoy it.
Someone at work just completely ruined my Friday by telling me it was only Wednesday.
bomb even bring when u high lol
I bought sing star for ps3..ahahah I'm a good singer !!
Mention appreciated! Had a fun day It's a digital world for sure! Most interesting trends or item for you?
Morning, I'm ready for the big game! all I need is a W. Yaay! :-)
You expect too much from everybody.
movie night with mi madre ! :)
that delightful moment when you know what a Spanish trend means
sorry love im barely on anymore. to much shit goin on. so texted me the other day looking for you..... awkward.
When call me maybe comes on during your MRI <
Yeah Buddy! My Niners drafted Lamichael James...shits about to get real!
Aye where tf been at?
Thanks!! we appreciate the help spreading the word!! Hope you have a fantastic day. (:
2 gigs this week, thurs and friday. check out the wilders facebook for more info.
would love to chat about this w/you sometime. Notion of a #dramaturg as support rather than full collaborator never sits well.
Hello to the awesome #SuperFans in #Croatia and #Romania! So happy to see you have joined the family! Welcome!!
Don't miss today's Business Matters sessions and the Association Luncheon when Steve Wingert, CLM becomes the ALA President.
We LOVE being in your living room, but may divide us. #TellDirecTV to
well i dnt think they sellin vip til toma cause the resale was sellin them today like they was suppose too
Luck does not matter it's the decisions you make that make an impact in your future, return on luck
